# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
High Style
Low Price
jf\
U 7 U
I vta ([ ;
Up go shoes, soaring over the instep, and this little san
day is the gayest, maddest example we have seen' It
sweeps toward the ankle, then is slashed to the sole on
the side. The bold cut-outs will air-condition your feet
$2.50
• rAiA Walk-Over
MiiiiM 'BOOT SHOP
High Style
Low Price
jf\
U 7 U
I vta ([ ;
Up go shoes, soaring over the instep, and this little san
day is the gayest, maddest example we have seen' It
sweeps toward the ankle, then is slashed to the sole on
the side. The bold cut-outs will air-condition your feet
$2.50
• rAiA Walk-Over
MiiiiM 'BOOT SHOP
High Style
Low Price
jf\
U 7 U
I vta ([ ;
Up go shoes, soaring over the instep, and this little san
day is the gayest, maddest example we have seen' It
sweeps toward the ankle, then is slashed to the sole on
the side. The bold cut-outs will air-condition your feet
$2.50
• rAiA Walk-Over
MiiiiM 'BOOT SHOP
High Style
Low Price
jf\
U 7 U
I vta ([ ;
Up go shoes, soaring over the instep, and this little san
day is the gayest, maddest example we have seen' It
sweeps toward the ankle, then is slashed to the sole on
the side. The bold cut-outs will air-condition your feet
$2.50
• rAiA Walk-Over
MiiiiM 'BOOT SHOP
High Style
Low Price
jf\
U 7 U
I vta ([ ;
Up go shoes, soaring over the instep, and this little san
day is the gayest, maddest example we have seen' It
sweeps toward the ankle, then is slashed to the sole on
the side. The bold cut-outs will air-condition your feet
$2.50
• rAiA Walk-Over
MiiiiM 'BOOT SHOP
High Style
Low Price
jf\
U 7 U
I vta ([ ;
Up go shoes, soaring over the instep, and this little san
day is the gayest, maddest example we have seen' It
sweeps toward the ankle, then is slashed to the sole on
the side. The bold cut-outs will air-condition your feet
$2.50
• rAiA Walk-Over
MiiiiM 'BOOT SHOP
High Style
Low Price
jf\
U 7 U
I vta ([ ;
Up go shoes, soaring over the instep, and this little san
day is the gayest, maddest example we have seen' It
sweeps toward the ankle, then is slashed to the sole on
the side. The bold cut-outs will air-condition your feet
$2.50
• rAiA Walk-Over
MiiiiM 'BOOT SHOP
High Style
Low Price
jf\
U 7 U
I vta ([ ;
Up go shoes, soaring over the instep, and this little san
day is the gayest, maddest example we have seen' It
sweeps toward the ankle, then is slashed to the sole on
the side. The bold cut-outs will air-condition your feet
$2.50
• rAiA Walk-Over
MiiiiM 'BOOT SHOP
High Style
Low Price
jf\
U 7 U
I vta ([ ;
Up go shoes, soaring over the instep, and this little san
day is the gayest, maddest example we have seen' It
sweeps toward the ankle, then is slashed to the sole on
the side. The bold cut-outs will air-condition your feet
$2.50
• rAiA Walk-Over
MiiiiM 'BOOT SHOP
High Style
Low Price
jf\
U 7 U
I vta ([ ;
Up go shoes, soaring over the instep, and this little san
day is the gayest, maddest example we have seen' It
sweeps toward the ankle, then is slashed to the sole on
the side. The bold cut-outs will air-condition your feet
$2.50
• rAiA Walk-Over
MiiiiM 'BOOT SHOP
High Style
Low Price
jf\
U 7 U
I vta ([ ;
Up go shoes, soaring over the instep, and this little san
day is the gayest, maddest example we have seen' It
sweeps toward the ankle, then is slashed to the sole on
the side. The bold cut-outs will air-condition your feet
$2.50
• rAiA Walk-Over
MiiiiM 'BOOT SHOP
High Style
Low Price
jf\
U 7 U
I vta ([ ;
Up go shoes, soaring over the instep, and this little san
day is the gayest, maddest example we have seen' It
sweeps toward the ankle, then is slashed to the sole on
the side. The bold cut-outs will air-condition your feet
$2.50
• rAiA Walk-Over
MiiiiM 'BOOT SHOP
High Style
Low Price
jf\
U 7 U
I vta ([ ;
Up go shoes, soaring over the instep, and this little san
day is the gayest, maddest example we have seen' It
sweeps toward the ankle, then is slashed to the sole on
the side. The bold cut-outs will air-condition your feet
$2.50
• rAiA Walk-Over
MiiiiM 'BOOT SHOP
High Style
Low Price
jf\
U 7 U
I vta ([ ;
Up go shoes, soaring over the instep, and this little san
day is the gayest, maddest example we have seen' It
sweeps toward the ankle, then is slashed to the sole on
the side. The bold cut-outs will air-condition your feet
$2.50
• rAiA Walk-Over
MiiiiM 'BOOT SHOP
High Style
Low Price
jf\
U 7 U
I vta ([ ;
Up go shoes, soaring over the instep, and this little san
day is the gayest, maddest example we have seen' It
sweeps toward the ankle, then is slashed to the sole on
the side. The bold cut-outs will air-condition your feet
$2.50
• rAiA Walk-Over
MiiiiM 'BOOT SHOP
