# PEACE EXHIBIT
## 
### 
On exhibit on the second
floor of the Library this week
are The Dailies and Chappies
of the war era. Red arrows
point to such interesting head
lines as: Stanford Drops Ma
jor Sports, Student Control
Taken from Stanford Men for
Period of War, Hun Atrocities
Planned in Advance, Says
Hillis, and Next Draft Will
Favor Men with Special Train
ing.
On exhibit on the second
floor of the Library this week
are The Dailies and Chappies
of the war era. Red arrows
point to such interesting head
lines as: Stanford Drops Ma
jor Sports, Student Control
Taken from Stanford Men for
Period of War, Hun Atrocities
Planned in Advance, Says
Hillis, and Next Draft Will
Favor Men with Special Train
ing.
On exhibit on the second
floor of the Library this week
are The Dailies and Chappies
of the war era. Red arrows
point to such interesting head
lines as: Stanford Drops Ma
jor Sports, Student Control
Taken from Stanford Men for
Period of War, Hun Atrocities
Planned in Advance, Says
Hillis, and Next Draft Will
Favor Men with Special Train
ing.
On exhibit on the second
floor of the Library this week
are The Dailies and Chappies
of the war era. Red arrows
point to such interesting head
lines as: Stanford Drops Ma
jor Sports, Student Control
Taken from Stanford Men for
Period of War, Hun Atrocities
Planned in Advance, Says
Hillis, and Next Draft Will
Favor Men with Special Train
ing.
On exhibit on the second
floor of the Library this week
are The Dailies and Chappies
of the war era. Red arrows
point to such interesting head
lines as: Stanford Drops Ma
jor Sports, Student Control
Taken from Stanford Men for
Period of War, Hun Atrocities
Planned in Advance, Says
Hillis, and Next Draft Will
Favor Men with Special Train
ing.
On exhibit on the second
floor of the Library this week
are The Dailies and Chappies
of the war era. Red arrows
point to such interesting head
lines as: Stanford Drops Ma
jor Sports, Student Control
Taken from Stanford Men for
Period of War, Hun Atrocities
Planned in Advance, Says
Hillis, and Next Draft Will
Favor Men with Special Train
ing.
On exhibit on the second
floor of the Library this week
are The Dailies and Chappies
of the war era. Red arrows
point to such interesting head
lines as: Stanford Drops Ma
jor Sports, Student Control
Taken from Stanford Men for
Period of War, Hun Atrocities
Planned in Advance, Says
Hillis, and Next Draft Will
Favor Men with Special Train
ing.
On exhibit on the second
floor of the Library this week
are The Dailies and Chappies
of the war era. Red arrows
point to such interesting head
lines as: Stanford Drops Ma
jor Sports, Student Control
Taken from Stanford Men for
Period of War, Hun Atrocities
Planned in Advance, Says
Hillis, and Next Draft Will
Favor Men with Special Train
ing.
On exhibit on the second
floor of the Library this week
are The Dailies and Chappies
of the war era. Red arrows
point to such interesting head
lines as: Stanford Drops Ma
jor Sports, Student Control
Taken from Stanford Men for
Period of War, Hun Atrocities
Planned in Advance, Says
Hillis, and Next Draft Will
Favor Men with Special Train
ing.
On exhibit on the second
floor of the Library this week
are The Dailies and Chappies
of the war era. Red arrows
point to such interesting head
lines as: Stanford Drops Ma
jor Sports, Student Control
Taken from Stanford Men for
Period of War, Hun Atrocities
Planned in Advance, Says
Hillis, and Next Draft Will
Favor Men with Special Train
ing.
On exhibit on the second
floor of the Library this week
are The Dailies and Chappies
of the war era. Red arrows
point to such interesting head
lines as: Stanford Drops Ma
jor Sports, Student Control
Taken from Stanford Men for
Period of War, Hun Atrocities
Planned in Advance, Says
Hillis, and Next Draft Will
Favor Men with Special Train
ing.
On exhibit on the second
floor of the Library this week
are The Dailies and Chappies
of the war era. Red arrows
point to such interesting head
lines as: Stanford Drops Ma
jor Sports, Student Control
Taken from Stanford Men for
Period of War, Hun Atrocities
Planned in Advance, Says
Hillis, and Next Draft Will
Favor Men with Special Train
ing.
On exhibit on the second
floor of the Library this week
are The Dailies and Chappies
of the war era. Red arrows
point to such interesting head
lines as: Stanford Drops Ma
jor Sports, Student Control
Taken from Stanford Men for
Period of War, Hun Atrocities
Planned in Advance, Says
Hillis, and Next Draft Will
Favor Men with Special Train
ing.
On exhibit on the second
floor of the Library this week
are The Dailies and Chappies
of the war era. Red arrows
point to such interesting head
lines as: Stanford Drops Ma
jor Sports, Student Control
Taken from Stanford Men for
Period of War, Hun Atrocities
Planned in Advance, Says
Hillis, and Next Draft Will
Favor Men with Special Train
ing.
On exhibit on the second
floor of the Library this week
are The Dailies and Chappies
of the war era. Red arrows
point to such interesting head
lines as: Stanford Drops Ma
jor Sports, Student Control
Taken from Stanford Men for
Period of War, Hun Atrocities
Planned in Advance, Says
Hillis, and Next Draft Will
Favor Men with Special Train
ing.
