# University Choir Sings Over Radio
## 
### 
The Stanford University choir
opened its program on the Stanford
Radio Hour last night with two
chorales by Bach. The choir, under
the direction of Warren D, Allen,
University organist, was heard over
KGO at 8:30.
Following the chorale the choir
sang three choruses from "The
Creation'' by Haydn, with Audis
Davis doing the solos. The 15-min
ute presentation closed with Thi
man's "Immortal Invisible."
The Stanford University choir
opened its program on the Stanford
Radio Hour last night with two
chorales by Bach. The choir, under
the direction of Warren D, Allen,
University organist, was heard over
KGO at 8:30.
Following the chorale the choir
sang three choruses from "The
Creation'' by Haydn, with Audis
Davis doing the solos. The 15-min
ute presentation closed with Thi
man's "Immortal Invisible."
The Stanford University choir
opened its program on the Stanford
Radio Hour last night with two
chorales by Bach. The choir, under
the direction of Warren D, Allen,
University organist, was heard over
KGO at 8:30.
Following the chorale the choir
sang three choruses from "The
Creation'' by Haydn, with Audis
Davis doing the solos. The 15-min
ute presentation closed with Thi
man's "Immortal Invisible."
The Stanford University choir
opened its program on the Stanford
Radio Hour last night with two
chorales by Bach. The choir, under
the direction of Warren D, Allen,
University organist, was heard over
KGO at 8:30.
Following the chorale the choir
sang three choruses from "The
Creation'' by Haydn, with Audis
Davis doing the solos. The 15-min
ute presentation closed with Thi
man's "Immortal Invisible."
The Stanford University choir
opened its program on the Stanford
Radio Hour last night with two
chorales by Bach. The choir, under
the direction of Warren D, Allen,
University organist, was heard over
KGO at 8:30.
Following the chorale the choir
sang three choruses from "The
Creation'' by Haydn, with Audis
Davis doing the solos. The 15-min
ute presentation closed with Thi
man's "Immortal Invisible."
The Stanford University choir
opened its program on the Stanford
Radio Hour last night with two
chorales by Bach. The choir, under
the direction of Warren D, Allen,
University organist, was heard over
KGO at 8:30.
Following the chorale the choir
sang three choruses from "The
Creation'' by Haydn, with Audis
Davis doing the solos. The 15-min
ute presentation closed with Thi
man's "Immortal Invisible."
The Stanford University choir
opened its program on the Stanford
Radio Hour last night with two
chorales by Bach. The choir, under
the direction of Warren D, Allen,
University organist, was heard over
KGO at 8:30.
Following the chorale the choir
sang three choruses from "The
Creation'' by Haydn, with Audis
Davis doing the solos. The 15-min
ute presentation closed with Thi
man's "Immortal Invisible."
The Stanford University choir
opened its program on the Stanford
Radio Hour last night with two
chorales by Bach. The choir, under
the direction of Warren D, Allen,
University organist, was heard over
KGO at 8:30.
Following the chorale the choir
sang three choruses from "The
Creation'' by Haydn, with Audis
Davis doing the solos. The 15-min
ute presentation closed with Thi
man's "Immortal Invisible."
The Stanford University choir
opened its program on the Stanford
Radio Hour last night with two
chorales by Bach. The choir, under
the direction of Warren D, Allen,
University organist, was heard over
KGO at 8:30.
Following the chorale the choir
sang three choruses from "The
Creation'' by Haydn, with Audis
Davis doing the solos. The 15-min
ute presentation closed with Thi
man's "Immortal Invisible."
The Stanford University choir
opened its program on the Stanford
Radio Hour last night with two
chorales by Bach. The choir, under
the direction of Warren D, Allen,
University organist, was heard over
KGO at 8:30.
Following the chorale the choir
sang three choruses from "The
Creation'' by Haydn, with Audis
Davis doing the solos. The 15-min
ute presentation closed with Thi
man's "Immortal Invisible."
The Stanford University choir
opened its program on the Stanford
Radio Hour last night with two
chorales by Bach. The choir, under
the direction of Warren D, Allen,
University organist, was heard over
KGO at 8:30.
Following the chorale the choir
sang three choruses from "The
Creation'' by Haydn, with Audis
Davis doing the solos. The 15-min
ute presentation closed with Thi
man's "Immortal Invisible."
The Stanford University choir
opened its program on the Stanford
Radio Hour last night with two
chorales by Bach. The choir, under
the direction of Warren D, Allen,
University organist, was heard over
KGO at 8:30.
Following the chorale the choir
sang three choruses from "The
Creation'' by Haydn, with Audis
Davis doing the solos. The 15-min
ute presentation closed with Thi
man's "Immortal Invisible."
The Stanford University choir
opened its program on the Stanford
Radio Hour last night with two
chorales by Bach. The choir, under
the direction of Warren D, Allen,
University organist, was heard over
KGO at 8:30.
Following the chorale the choir
sang three choruses from "The
Creation'' by Haydn, with Audis
Davis doing the solos. The 15-min
ute presentation closed with Thi
man's "Immortal Invisible."
The Stanford University choir
opened its program on the Stanford
Radio Hour last night with two
chorales by Bach. The choir, under
the direction of Warren D, Allen,
University organist, was heard over
KGO at 8:30.
Following the chorale the choir
sang three choruses from "The
Creation'' by Haydn, with Audis
Davis doing the solos. The 15-min
ute presentation closed with Thi
man's "Immortal Invisible."
The Stanford University choir
opened its program on the Stanford
Radio Hour last night with two
chorales by Bach. The choir, under
the direction of Warren D, Allen,
University organist, was heard over
KGO at 8:30.
Following the chorale the choir
sang three choruses from "The
Creation'' by Haydn, with Audis
Davis doing the solos. The 15-min
ute presentation closed with Thi
man's "Immortal Invisible."
