# REVIEWING THE REVIEWER
## 
### 
Editor, Sir:
It sounds to me as though "the
Reviewer" of Friday's Daily had a
lot of adjectives that w«ie burning
holes in his pocket. "Fragile as an
antique Chinese tea-cup," where
does be collect such stuff? And
"mid-Victorian atmosphere." Ba
lonry. Victoria rule from 1837 to
1.901. floppy's picture was sup
posed ot have been 1805-1.}»1 >. Sug
gest he attend the shows he reviews.
—D. Burke
Editor, Sir:
It sounds to me as though "the
Reviewer" of Friday's Daily had a
lot of adjectives that w«ie burning
holes in his pocket. "Fragile as an
antique Chinese tea-cup," where
does be collect such stuff? And
"mid-Victorian atmosphere." Ba
lonry. Victoria rule from 1837 to
1.901. floppy's picture was sup
posed ot have been 1805-1.}»1 >. Sug
gest he attend the shows he reviews.
—D. Burke
Editor, Sir:
It sounds to me as though "the
Reviewer" of Friday's Daily had a
lot of adjectives that w«ie burning
holes in his pocket. "Fragile as an
antique Chinese tea-cup," where
does be collect such stuff? And
"mid-Victorian atmosphere." Ba
lonry. Victoria rule from 1837 to
1.901. floppy's picture was sup
posed ot have been 1805-1.}»1 >. Sug
gest he attend the shows he reviews.
—D. Burke
Editor, Sir:
It sounds to me as though "the
Reviewer" of Friday's Daily had a
lot of adjectives that w«ie burning
holes in his pocket. "Fragile as an
antique Chinese tea-cup," where
does be collect such stuff? And
"mid-Victorian atmosphere." Ba
lonry. Victoria rule from 1837 to
1.901. floppy's picture was sup
posed ot have been 1805-1.}»1 >. Sug
gest he attend the shows he reviews.
—D. Burke
Editor, Sir:
It sounds to me as though "the
Reviewer" of Friday's Daily had a
lot of adjectives that w«ie burning
holes in his pocket. "Fragile as an
antique Chinese tea-cup," where
does be collect such stuff? And
"mid-Victorian atmosphere." Ba
lonry. Victoria rule from 1837 to
1.901. floppy's picture was sup
posed ot have been 1805-1.}»1 >. Sug
gest he attend the shows he reviews.
—D. Burke
Editor, Sir:
It sounds to me as though "the
Reviewer" of Friday's Daily had a
lot of adjectives that w«ie burning
holes in his pocket. "Fragile as an
antique Chinese tea-cup," where
does be collect such stuff? And
"mid-Victorian atmosphere." Ba
lonry. Victoria rule from 1837 to
1.901. floppy's picture was sup
posed ot have been 1805-1.}»1 >. Sug
gest he attend the shows he reviews.
—D. Burke
Editor, Sir:
It sounds to me as though "the
Reviewer" of Friday's Daily had a
lot of adjectives that w«ie burning
holes in his pocket. "Fragile as an
antique Chinese tea-cup," where
does be collect such stuff? And
"mid-Victorian atmosphere." Ba
lonry. Victoria rule from 1837 to
1.901. floppy's picture was sup
posed ot have been 1805-1.}»1 >. Sug
gest he attend the shows he reviews.
—D. Burke
Editor, Sir:
It sounds to me as though "the
Reviewer" of Friday's Daily had a
lot of adjectives that w«ie burning
holes in his pocket. "Fragile as an
antique Chinese tea-cup," where
does be collect such stuff? And
"mid-Victorian atmosphere." Ba
lonry. Victoria rule from 1837 to
1.901. floppy's picture was sup
posed ot have been 1805-1.}»1 >. Sug
gest he attend the shows he reviews.
—D. Burke
Editor, Sir:
It sounds to me as though "the
Reviewer" of Friday's Daily had a
lot of adjectives that w«ie burning
holes in his pocket. "Fragile as an
antique Chinese tea-cup," where
does be collect such stuff? And
"mid-Victorian atmosphere." Ba
lonry. Victoria rule from 1837 to
1.901. floppy's picture was sup
posed ot have been 1805-1.}»1 >. Sug
gest he attend the shows he reviews.
—D. Burke
Editor, Sir:
It sounds to me as though "the
Reviewer" of Friday's Daily had a
lot of adjectives that w«ie burning
holes in his pocket. "Fragile as an
antique Chinese tea-cup," where
does be collect such stuff? And
"mid-Victorian atmosphere." Ba
lonry. Victoria rule from 1837 to
1.901. floppy's picture was sup
posed ot have been 1805-1.}»1 >. Sug
gest he attend the shows he reviews.
—D. Burke
Editor, Sir:
It sounds to me as though "the
Reviewer" of Friday's Daily had a
lot of adjectives that w«ie burning
holes in his pocket. "Fragile as an
antique Chinese tea-cup," where
does be collect such stuff? And
"mid-Victorian atmosphere." Ba
lonry. Victoria rule from 1837 to
1.901. floppy's picture was sup
posed ot have been 1805-1.}»1 >. Sug
gest he attend the shows he reviews.
—D. Burke
Editor, Sir:
It sounds to me as though "the
Reviewer" of Friday's Daily had a
lot of adjectives that w«ie burning
holes in his pocket. "Fragile as an
antique Chinese tea-cup," where
does be collect such stuff? And
"mid-Victorian atmosphere." Ba
lonry. Victoria rule from 1837 to
1.901. floppy's picture was sup
posed ot have been 1805-1.}»1 >. Sug
gest he attend the shows he reviews.
—D. Burke
Editor, Sir:
It sounds to me as though "the
Reviewer" of Friday's Daily had a
lot of adjectives that w«ie burning
holes in his pocket. "Fragile as an
antique Chinese tea-cup," where
does be collect such stuff? And
"mid-Victorian atmosphere." Ba
lonry. Victoria rule from 1837 to
1.901. floppy's picture was sup
posed ot have been 1805-1.}»1 >. Sug
gest he attend the shows he reviews.
—D. Burke
Editor, Sir:
It sounds to me as though "the
Reviewer" of Friday's Daily had a
lot of adjectives that w«ie burning
holes in his pocket. "Fragile as an
antique Chinese tea-cup," where
does be collect such stuff? And
"mid-Victorian atmosphere." Ba
lonry. Victoria rule from 1837 to
1.901. floppy's picture was sup
posed ot have been 1805-1.}»1 >. Sug
gest he attend the shows he reviews.
—D. Burke
Editor, Sir:
It sounds to me as though "the
Reviewer" of Friday's Daily had a
lot of adjectives that w«ie burning
holes in his pocket. "Fragile as an
antique Chinese tea-cup," where
does be collect such stuff? And
"mid-Victorian atmosphere." Ba
lonry. Victoria rule from 1837 to
1.901. floppy's picture was sup
posed ot have been 1805-1.}»1 >. Sug
gest he attend the shows he reviews.
—D. Burke
