# Hitler Agrees To World Conference
## 
### 
BERLIN. April 19 (UP). —Chan-
cellor Adolf Hitler held out an of
fer of peace to the squabbling na
tions of Europe today when he
agreed to participate in any world
economic conference called by
President Roosevelt or "someone of
similar authority."
Der Fuehrer's pacific gesture was
made to George Lansbury, the
"grand old man" of the British la
bor party and an ardent pacifist,
during an interview at the chan
cellory.
BERLIN. April 19 (UP). —Chan-
cellor Adolf Hitler held out an of
fer of peace to the squabbling na
tions of Europe today when he
agreed to participate in any world
economic conference called by
President Roosevelt or "someone of
similar authority."
Der Fuehrer's pacific gesture was
made to George Lansbury, the
"grand old man" of the British la
bor party and an ardent pacifist,
during an interview at the chan
cellory.
BERLIN. April 19 (UP). —Chan-
cellor Adolf Hitler held out an of
fer of peace to the squabbling na
tions of Europe today when he
agreed to participate in any world
economic conference called by
President Roosevelt or "someone of
similar authority."
Der Fuehrer's pacific gesture was
made to George Lansbury, the
"grand old man" of the British la
bor party and an ardent pacifist,
during an interview at the chan
cellory.
BERLIN. April 19 (UP). —Chan-
cellor Adolf Hitler held out an of
fer of peace to the squabbling na
tions of Europe today when he
agreed to participate in any world
economic conference called by
President Roosevelt or "someone of
similar authority."
Der Fuehrer's pacific gesture was
made to George Lansbury, the
"grand old man" of the British la
bor party and an ardent pacifist,
during an interview at the chan
cellory.
BERLIN. April 19 (UP). —Chan-
cellor Adolf Hitler held out an of
fer of peace to the squabbling na
tions of Europe today when he
agreed to participate in any world
economic conference called by
President Roosevelt or "someone of
similar authority."
Der Fuehrer's pacific gesture was
made to George Lansbury, the
"grand old man" of the British la
bor party and an ardent pacifist,
during an interview at the chan
cellory.
BERLIN. April 19 (UP). —Chan-
cellor Adolf Hitler held out an of
fer of peace to the squabbling na
tions of Europe today when he
agreed to participate in any world
economic conference called by
President Roosevelt or "someone of
similar authority."
Der Fuehrer's pacific gesture was
made to George Lansbury, the
"grand old man" of the British la
bor party and an ardent pacifist,
during an interview at the chan
cellory.
BERLIN. April 19 (UP). —Chan-
cellor Adolf Hitler held out an of
fer of peace to the squabbling na
tions of Europe today when he
agreed to participate in any world
economic conference called by
President Roosevelt or "someone of
similar authority."
Der Fuehrer's pacific gesture was
made to George Lansbury, the
"grand old man" of the British la
bor party and an ardent pacifist,
during an interview at the chan
cellory.
BERLIN. April 19 (UP). —Chan-
cellor Adolf Hitler held out an of
fer of peace to the squabbling na
tions of Europe today when he
agreed to participate in any world
economic conference called by
President Roosevelt or "someone of
similar authority."
Der Fuehrer's pacific gesture was
made to George Lansbury, the
"grand old man" of the British la
bor party and an ardent pacifist,
during an interview at the chan
cellory.
BERLIN. April 19 (UP). —Chan-
cellor Adolf Hitler held out an of
fer of peace to the squabbling na
tions of Europe today when he
agreed to participate in any world
economic conference called by
President Roosevelt or "someone of
similar authority."
Der Fuehrer's pacific gesture was
made to George Lansbury, the
"grand old man" of the British la
bor party and an ardent pacifist,
during an interview at the chan
cellory.
BERLIN. April 19 (UP). —Chan-
cellor Adolf Hitler held out an of
fer of peace to the squabbling na
tions of Europe today when he
agreed to participate in any world
economic conference called by
President Roosevelt or "someone of
similar authority."
Der Fuehrer's pacific gesture was
made to George Lansbury, the
"grand old man" of the British la
bor party and an ardent pacifist,
during an interview at the chan
cellory.
BERLIN. April 19 (UP). —Chan-
cellor Adolf Hitler held out an of
fer of peace to the squabbling na
tions of Europe today when he
agreed to participate in any world
economic conference called by
President Roosevelt or "someone of
similar authority."
Der Fuehrer's pacific gesture was
made to George Lansbury, the
"grand old man" of the British la
bor party and an ardent pacifist,
during an interview at the chan
cellory.
BERLIN. April 19 (UP). —Chan-
cellor Adolf Hitler held out an of
fer of peace to the squabbling na
tions of Europe today when he
agreed to participate in any world
economic conference called by
President Roosevelt or "someone of
similar authority."
Der Fuehrer's pacific gesture was
made to George Lansbury, the
"grand old man" of the British la
bor party and an ardent pacifist,
during an interview at the chan
cellory.
BERLIN. April 19 (UP). —Chan-
cellor Adolf Hitler held out an of
fer of peace to the squabbling na
tions of Europe today when he
agreed to participate in any world
economic conference called by
President Roosevelt or "someone of
similar authority."
Der Fuehrer's pacific gesture was
made to George Lansbury, the
"grand old man" of the British la
bor party and an ardent pacifist,
during an interview at the chan
cellory.
BERLIN. April 19 (UP). —Chan-
cellor Adolf Hitler held out an of
fer of peace to the squabbling na
tions of Europe today when he
agreed to participate in any world
economic conference called by
President Roosevelt or "someone of
similar authority."
Der Fuehrer's pacific gesture was
made to George Lansbury, the
"grand old man" of the British la
bor party and an ardent pacifist,
during an interview at the chan
cellory.
BERLIN. April 19 (UP). —Chan-
cellor Adolf Hitler held out an of
fer of peace to the squabbling na
tions of Europe today when he
agreed to participate in any world
economic conference called by
President Roosevelt or "someone of
similar authority."
Der Fuehrer's pacific gesture was
made to George Lansbury, the
"grand old man" of the British la
bor party and an ardent pacifist,
during an interview at the chan
cellory.
