# Wranglers Meet Tonight
## 
### 
Wranglers will hold a short busi
ness meeting in the Women's Club
House at 7:15 this evening. All the
members are requested to be present,
as there are same important measures
to be discussed.
Wranglers will hold a short busi
ness meeting in the Women's Club
House at 7:15 this evening. All the
members are requested to be present,
as there are same important measures
to be discussed.
Wranglers will hold a short busi
ness meeting in the Women's Club
House at 7:15 this evening. All the
members are requested to be present,
as there are same important measures
to be discussed.
Wranglers will hold a short busi
ness meeting in the Women's Club
House at 7:15 this evening. All the
members are requested to be present,
as there are same important measures
to be discussed.
Wranglers will hold a short busi
ness meeting in the Women's Club
House at 7:15 this evening. All the
members are requested to be present,
as there are same important measures
to be discussed.
Wranglers will hold a short busi
ness meeting in the Women's Club
House at 7:15 this evening. All the
members are requested to be present,
as there are same important measures
to be discussed.
Wranglers will hold a short busi
ness meeting in the Women's Club
House at 7:15 this evening. All the
members are requested to be present,
as there are same important measures
to be discussed.
Wranglers will hold a short busi
ness meeting in the Women's Club
House at 7:15 this evening. All the
members are requested to be present,
as there are same important measures
to be discussed.
Wranglers will hold a short busi
ness meeting in the Women's Club
House at 7:15 this evening. All the
members are requested to be present,
as there are same important measures
to be discussed.
Wranglers will hold a short busi
ness meeting in the Women's Club
House at 7:15 this evening. All the
members are requested to be present,
as there are same important measures
to be discussed.
Wranglers will hold a short busi
ness meeting in the Women's Club
House at 7:15 this evening. All the
members are requested to be present,
as there are same important measures
to be discussed.
Wranglers will hold a short busi
ness meeting in the Women's Club
House at 7:15 this evening. All the
members are requested to be present,
as there are same important measures
to be discussed.
Wranglers will hold a short busi
ness meeting in the Women's Club
House at 7:15 this evening. All the
members are requested to be present,
as there are same important measures
to be discussed.
Wranglers will hold a short busi
ness meeting in the Women's Club
House at 7:15 this evening. All the
members are requested to be present,
as there are same important measures
to be discussed.
Wranglers will hold a short busi
ness meeting in the Women's Club
House at 7:15 this evening. All the
members are requested to be present,
as there are same important measures
to be discussed.
