# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Leaving the latter part of next
month, Professor M. S. Wildman,
head of the economics department,
will attend the convention of the Na
tional Economics Society in Phila
delphia, and will proceed from there
to Washington, where be will work
for the government on the War Trade
Board. Professor Wildman is the
latest addition to the ranks of Stan
ford faculty men who are in govern
ment service.
Leaving the latter part of next
month, Professor M. S. Wildman,
head of the economics department,
will attend the convention of the Na
tional Economics Society in Phila
delphia, and will proceed from there
to Washington, where be will work
for the government on the War Trade
Board. Professor Wildman is the
latest addition to the ranks of Stan
ford faculty men who are in govern
ment service.
Leaving the latter part of next
month, Professor M. S. Wildman,
head of the economics department,
will attend the convention of the Na
tional Economics Society in Phila
delphia, and will proceed from there
to Washington, where be will work
for the government on the War Trade
Board. Professor Wildman is the
latest addition to the ranks of Stan
ford faculty men who are in govern
ment service.
Leaving the latter part of next
month, Professor M. S. Wildman,
head of the economics department,
will attend the convention of the Na
tional Economics Society in Phila
delphia, and will proceed from there
to Washington, where be will work
for the government on the War Trade
Board. Professor Wildman is the
latest addition to the ranks of Stan
ford faculty men who are in govern
ment service.
Leaving the latter part of next
month, Professor M. S. Wildman,
head of the economics department,
will attend the convention of the Na
tional Economics Society in Phila
delphia, and will proceed from there
to Washington, where be will work
for the government on the War Trade
Board. Professor Wildman is the
latest addition to the ranks of Stan
ford faculty men who are in govern
ment service.
Leaving the latter part of next
month, Professor M. S. Wildman,
head of the economics department,
will attend the convention of the Na
tional Economics Society in Phila
delphia, and will proceed from there
to Washington, where be will work
for the government on the War Trade
Board. Professor Wildman is the
latest addition to the ranks of Stan
ford faculty men who are in govern
ment service.
Leaving the latter part of next
month, Professor M. S. Wildman,
head of the economics department,
will attend the convention of the Na
tional Economics Society in Phila
delphia, and will proceed from there
to Washington, where be will work
for the government on the War Trade
Board. Professor Wildman is the
latest addition to the ranks of Stan
ford faculty men who are in govern
ment service.
Leaving the latter part of next
month, Professor M. S. Wildman,
head of the economics department,
will attend the convention of the Na
tional Economics Society in Phila
delphia, and will proceed from there
to Washington, where be will work
for the government on the War Trade
Board. Professor Wildman is the
latest addition to the ranks of Stan
ford faculty men who are in govern
ment service.
Leaving the latter part of next
month, Professor M. S. Wildman,
head of the economics department,
will attend the convention of the Na
tional Economics Society in Phila
delphia, and will proceed from there
to Washington, where be will work
for the government on the War Trade
Board. Professor Wildman is the
latest addition to the ranks of Stan
ford faculty men who are in govern
ment service.
Leaving the latter part of next
month, Professor M. S. Wildman,
head of the economics department,
will attend the convention of the Na
tional Economics Society in Phila
delphia, and will proceed from there
to Washington, where be will work
for the government on the War Trade
Board. Professor Wildman is the
latest addition to the ranks of Stan
ford faculty men who are in govern
ment service.
Leaving the latter part of next
month, Professor M. S. Wildman,
head of the economics department,
will attend the convention of the Na
tional Economics Society in Phila
delphia, and will proceed from there
to Washington, where be will work
for the government on the War Trade
Board. Professor Wildman is the
latest addition to the ranks of Stan
ford faculty men who are in govern
ment service.
Leaving the latter part of next
month, Professor M. S. Wildman,
head of the economics department,
will attend the convention of the Na
tional Economics Society in Phila
delphia, and will proceed from there
to Washington, where be will work
for the government on the War Trade
Board. Professor Wildman is the
latest addition to the ranks of Stan
ford faculty men who are in govern
ment service.
Leaving the latter part of next
month, Professor M. S. Wildman,
head of the economics department,
will attend the convention of the Na
tional Economics Society in Phila
delphia, and will proceed from there
to Washington, where be will work
for the government on the War Trade
Board. Professor Wildman is the
latest addition to the ranks of Stan
ford faculty men who are in govern
ment service.
Leaving the latter part of next
month, Professor M. S. Wildman,
head of the economics department,
will attend the convention of the Na
tional Economics Society in Phila
delphia, and will proceed from there
to Washington, where be will work
for the government on the War Trade
Board. Professor Wildman is the
latest addition to the ranks of Stan
ford faculty men who are in govern
ment service.
Leaving the latter part of next
month, Professor M. S. Wildman,
head of the economics department,
will attend the convention of the Na
tional Economics Society in Phila
delphia, and will proceed from there
to Washington, where be will work
for the government on the War Trade
Board. Professor Wildman is the
latest addition to the ranks of Stan
ford faculty men who are in govern
ment service.
