# Untitled Article
## 
### 
All football men are requested to
remove their sluts from the training
quarters immediately. The house is
to lie locked up.
All football men are requested to
remove their sluts from the training
quarters immediately. The house is
to lie locked up.
All football men are requested to
remove their sluts from the training
quarters immediately. The house is
to lie locked up.
All football men are requested to
remove their sluts from the training
quarters immediately. The house is
to lie locked up.
All football men are requested to
remove their sluts from the training
quarters immediately. The house is
to lie locked up.
All football men are requested to
remove their sluts from the training
quarters immediately. The house is
to lie locked up.
All football men are requested to
remove their sluts from the training
quarters immediately. The house is
to lie locked up.
All football men are requested to
remove their sluts from the training
quarters immediately. The house is
to lie locked up.
All football men are requested to
remove their sluts from the training
quarters immediately. The house is
to lie locked up.
All football men are requested to
remove their sluts from the training
quarters immediately. The house is
to lie locked up.
All football men are requested to
remove their sluts from the training
quarters immediately. The house is
to lie locked up.
All football men are requested to
remove their sluts from the training
quarters immediately. The house is
to lie locked up.
All football men are requested to
remove their sluts from the training
quarters immediately. The house is
to lie locked up.
All football men are requested to
remove their sluts from the training
quarters immediately. The house is
to lie locked up.
All football men are requested to
remove their sluts from the training
quarters immediately. The house is
to lie locked up.
