# Reliance Defeats Nevada.
## 
### 
The Reliance Athletic Club foot
ball team defeated the University
of Nevada last Saturday at Reno,
by a score of 5-0. Heitmuller, of
the California eleven last year,
played left tackle.
The Reliance Athletic Club foot
ball team defeated the University
of Nevada last Saturday at Reno,
by a score of 5-0. Heitmuller, of
the California eleven last year,
played left tackle.
The Reliance Athletic Club foot
ball team defeated the University
of Nevada last Saturday at Reno,
by a score of 5-0. Heitmuller, of
the California eleven last year,
played left tackle.
The Reliance Athletic Club foot
ball team defeated the University
of Nevada last Saturday at Reno,
by a score of 5-0. Heitmuller, of
the California eleven last year,
played left tackle.
The Reliance Athletic Club foot
ball team defeated the University
of Nevada last Saturday at Reno,
by a score of 5-0. Heitmuller, of
the California eleven last year,
played left tackle.
The Reliance Athletic Club foot
ball team defeated the University
of Nevada last Saturday at Reno,
by a score of 5-0. Heitmuller, of
the California eleven last year,
played left tackle.
The Reliance Athletic Club foot
ball team defeated the University
of Nevada last Saturday at Reno,
by a score of 5-0. Heitmuller, of
the California eleven last year,
played left tackle.
The Reliance Athletic Club foot
ball team defeated the University
of Nevada last Saturday at Reno,
by a score of 5-0. Heitmuller, of
the California eleven last year,
played left tackle.
The Reliance Athletic Club foot
ball team defeated the University
of Nevada last Saturday at Reno,
by a score of 5-0. Heitmuller, of
the California eleven last year,
played left tackle.
