# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Freshmen deserved to win
Saturday's game, and the failure of
the fickle bird of victory to perch
on the Cardinal banner should not
detract in the least from the glory
which they earned-by their splen
did playing in a magnificent con
test. The heroic attempt of the
team to retrieve the disaster by
hurling the California eleven be
fore it for sixty yards near the
close of the game was the greatest
practical demonstration of the
Stanford spirit ever made by a
first-year class. While both teams
played hard, the game was not
marred by any unnecessary rough
ness or squabbling, and the Uni
versity is pround of the sportsman
ly qualities which her Freshmen
exhibited.
Great praise is due the team for
the showing which it made, but
equal credit must be paid the men
behind it, the coaches and trainer.
Assistanl-Coach Bansbach, though
inexperienced in coaching and
handicapped by the size and leth
argy of the Freshman squad which
appeared at the beginning of the
season, kept persistently at work
until he had trained and picked
eleven playerß whom any coach
could have justly been proud of.
Although Couch Lanagan did not
have direct charge of the Fresh
men his advice was invaluable
when the time for the final selec
tion of the team came. The re
markable physical condition of the
team, which played the entire game
without substituting a single player,
is but another tribute to the skill
of "Dad" Moulton, whose work in
developing Cardinal teams is sec
ond only to that of the coaches.
The Freshmen deserved to win
Saturday's game, and the failure of
the fickle bird of victory to perch
on the Cardinal banner should not
detract in the least from the glory
which they earned-by their splen
did playing in a magnificent con
test. The heroic attempt of the
team to retrieve the disaster by
hurling the California eleven be
fore it for sixty yards near the
close of the game was the greatest
practical demonstration of the
Stanford spirit ever made by a
first-year class. While both teams
played hard, the game was not
marred by any unnecessary rough
ness or squabbling, and the Uni
versity is pround of the sportsman
ly qualities which her Freshmen
exhibited.
Great praise is due the team for
the showing which it made, but
equal credit must be paid the men
behind it, the coaches and trainer.
Assistanl-Coach Bansbach, though
inexperienced in coaching and
handicapped by the size and leth
argy of the Freshman squad which
appeared at the beginning of the
season, kept persistently at work
until he had trained and picked
eleven playerß whom any coach
could have justly been proud of.
Although Couch Lanagan did not
have direct charge of the Fresh
men his advice was invaluable
when the time for the final selec
tion of the team came. The re
markable physical condition of the
team, which played the entire game
without substituting a single player,
is but another tribute to the skill
of "Dad" Moulton, whose work in
developing Cardinal teams is sec
ond only to that of the coaches.
The Freshmen deserved to win
Saturday's game, and the failure of
the fickle bird of victory to perch
on the Cardinal banner should not
detract in the least from the glory
which they earned-by their splen
did playing in a magnificent con
test. The heroic attempt of the
team to retrieve the disaster by
hurling the California eleven be
fore it for sixty yards near the
close of the game was the greatest
practical demonstration of the
Stanford spirit ever made by a
first-year class. While both teams
played hard, the game was not
marred by any unnecessary rough
ness or squabbling, and the Uni
versity is pround of the sportsman
ly qualities which her Freshmen
exhibited.
Great praise is due the team for
the showing which it made, but
equal credit must be paid the men
behind it, the coaches and trainer.
Assistanl-Coach Bansbach, though
inexperienced in coaching and
handicapped by the size and leth
argy of the Freshman squad which
appeared at the beginning of the
season, kept persistently at work
until he had trained and picked
eleven playerß whom any coach
could have justly been proud of.
Although Couch Lanagan did not
have direct charge of the Fresh
men his advice was invaluable
when the time for the final selec
tion of the team came. The re
markable physical condition of the
team, which played the entire game
without substituting a single player,
is but another tribute to the skill
of "Dad" Moulton, whose work in
developing Cardinal teams is sec
ond only to that of the coaches.
The Freshmen deserved to win
Saturday's game, and the failure of
the fickle bird of victory to perch
on the Cardinal banner should not
detract in the least from the glory
which they earned-by their splen
did playing in a magnificent con
test. The heroic attempt of the
team to retrieve the disaster by
hurling the California eleven be
fore it for sixty yards near the
close of the game was the greatest
practical demonstration of the
Stanford spirit ever made by a
first-year class. While both teams
played hard, the game was not
marred by any unnecessary rough
ness or squabbling, and the Uni
versity is pround of the sportsman
ly qualities which her Freshmen
exhibited.
Great praise is due the team for
the showing which it made, but
equal credit must be paid the men
behind it, the coaches and trainer.
Assistanl-Coach Bansbach, though
inexperienced in coaching and
handicapped by the size and leth
argy of the Freshman squad which
appeared at the beginning of the
season, kept persistently at work
until he had trained and picked
eleven playerß whom any coach
could have justly been proud of.
Although Couch Lanagan did not
have direct charge of the Fresh
men his advice was invaluable
when the time for the final selec
tion of the team came. The re
markable physical condition of the
team, which played the entire game
without substituting a single player,
is but another tribute to the skill
of "Dad" Moulton, whose work in
developing Cardinal teams is sec
ond only to that of the coaches.
The Freshmen deserved to win
Saturday's game, and the failure of
the fickle bird of victory to perch
on the Cardinal banner should not
detract in the least from the glory
which they earned-by their splen
did playing in a magnificent con
test. The heroic attempt of the
team to retrieve the disaster by
hurling the California eleven be
fore it for sixty yards near the
close of the game was the greatest
practical demonstration of the
Stanford spirit ever made by a
first-year class. While both teams
played hard, the game was not
marred by any unnecessary rough
ness or squabbling, and the Uni
versity is pround of the sportsman
ly qualities which her Freshmen
exhibited.
Great praise is due the team for
the showing which it made, but
equal credit must be paid the men
behind it, the coaches and trainer.
Assistanl-Coach Bansbach, though
inexperienced in coaching and
handicapped by the size and leth
argy of the Freshman squad which
appeared at the beginning of the
season, kept persistently at work
until he had trained and picked
eleven playerß whom any coach
could have justly been proud of.
Although Couch Lanagan did not
have direct charge of the Fresh
men his advice was invaluable
when the time for the final selec
tion of the team came. The re
markable physical condition of the
team, which played the entire game
without substituting a single player,
is but another tribute to the skill
of "Dad" Moulton, whose work in
developing Cardinal teams is sec
ond only to that of the coaches.
The Freshmen deserved to win
Saturday's game, and the failure of
the fickle bird of victory to perch
on the Cardinal banner should not
detract in the least from the glory
which they earned-by their splen
did playing in a magnificent con
test. The heroic attempt of the
team to retrieve the disaster by
hurling the California eleven be
fore it for sixty yards near the
close of the game was the greatest
practical demonstration of the
Stanford spirit ever made by a
first-year class. While both teams
played hard, the game was not
marred by any unnecessary rough
ness or squabbling, and the Uni
versity is pround of the sportsman
ly qualities which her Freshmen
exhibited.
Great praise is due the team for
the showing which it made, but
equal credit must be paid the men
behind it, the coaches and trainer.
Assistanl-Coach Bansbach, though
inexperienced in coaching and
handicapped by the size and leth
argy of the Freshman squad which
appeared at the beginning of the
season, kept persistently at work
until he had trained and picked
eleven playerß whom any coach
could have justly been proud of.
Although Couch Lanagan did not
have direct charge of the Fresh
men his advice was invaluable
when the time for the final selec
tion of the team came. The re
markable physical condition of the
team, which played the entire game
without substituting a single player,
is but another tribute to the skill
of "Dad" Moulton, whose work in
developing Cardinal teams is sec
ond only to that of the coaches.
The Freshmen deserved to win
Saturday's game, and the failure of
the fickle bird of victory to perch
on the Cardinal banner should not
detract in the least from the glory
which they earned-by their splen
did playing in a magnificent con
test. The heroic attempt of the
team to retrieve the disaster by
hurling the California eleven be
fore it for sixty yards near the
close of the game was the greatest
practical demonstration of the
Stanford spirit ever made by a
first-year class. While both teams
played hard, the game was not
marred by any unnecessary rough
ness or squabbling, and the Uni
versity is pround of the sportsman
ly qualities which her Freshmen
exhibited.
Great praise is due the team for
the showing which it made, but
equal credit must be paid the men
behind it, the coaches and trainer.
Assistanl-Coach Bansbach, though
inexperienced in coaching and
handicapped by the size and leth
argy of the Freshman squad which
appeared at the beginning of the
season, kept persistently at work
until he had trained and picked
eleven playerß whom any coach
could have justly been proud of.
Although Couch Lanagan did not
have direct charge of the Fresh
men his advice was invaluable
when the time for the final selec
tion of the team came. The re
markable physical condition of the
team, which played the entire game
without substituting a single player,
is but another tribute to the skill
of "Dad" Moulton, whose work in
developing Cardinal teams is sec
ond only to that of the coaches.
The Freshmen deserved to win
Saturday's game, and the failure of
the fickle bird of victory to perch
on the Cardinal banner should not
detract in the least from the glory
which they earned-by their splen
did playing in a magnificent con
test. The heroic attempt of the
team to retrieve the disaster by
hurling the California eleven be
fore it for sixty yards near the
close of the game was the greatest
practical demonstration of the
Stanford spirit ever made by a
first-year class. While both teams
played hard, the game was not
marred by any unnecessary rough
ness or squabbling, and the Uni
versity is pround of the sportsman
ly qualities which her Freshmen
exhibited.
Great praise is due the team for
the showing which it made, but
equal credit must be paid the men
behind it, the coaches and trainer.
Assistanl-Coach Bansbach, though
inexperienced in coaching and
handicapped by the size and leth
argy of the Freshman squad which
appeared at the beginning of the
season, kept persistently at work
until he had trained and picked
eleven playerß whom any coach
could have justly been proud of.
Although Couch Lanagan did not
have direct charge of the Fresh
men his advice was invaluable
when the time for the final selec
tion of the team came. The re
markable physical condition of the
team, which played the entire game
without substituting a single player,
is but another tribute to the skill
of "Dad" Moulton, whose work in
developing Cardinal teams is sec
ond only to that of the coaches.
The Freshmen deserved to win
Saturday's game, and the failure of
the fickle bird of victory to perch
on the Cardinal banner should not
detract in the least from the glory
which they earned-by their splen
did playing in a magnificent con
test. The heroic attempt of the
team to retrieve the disaster by
hurling the California eleven be
fore it for sixty yards near the
close of the game was the greatest
practical demonstration of the
Stanford spirit ever made by a
first-year class. While both teams
played hard, the game was not
marred by any unnecessary rough
ness or squabbling, and the Uni
versity is pround of the sportsman
ly qualities which her Freshmen
exhibited.
Great praise is due the team for
the showing which it made, but
equal credit must be paid the men
behind it, the coaches and trainer.
Assistanl-Coach Bansbach, though
inexperienced in coaching and
handicapped by the size and leth
argy of the Freshman squad which
appeared at the beginning of the
season, kept persistently at work
until he had trained and picked
eleven playerß whom any coach
could have justly been proud of.
Although Couch Lanagan did not
have direct charge of the Fresh
men his advice was invaluable
when the time for the final selec
tion of the team came. The re
markable physical condition of the
team, which played the entire game
without substituting a single player,
is but another tribute to the skill
of "Dad" Moulton, whose work in
developing Cardinal teams is sec
ond only to that of the coaches.
