# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
Come and see our
latest herring-bone suit
ings in the latest gray
effeets-
WI DEM AN
THE TAILOR
.303 University Avenue.
1
Come and see our
latest herring-bone suit
ings in the latest gray
effeets-
WI DEM AN
THE TAILOR
.303 University Avenue.
1
Come and see our
latest herring-bone suit
ings in the latest gray
effeets-
WI DEM AN
THE TAILOR
.303 University Avenue.
1
Come and see our
latest herring-bone suit
ings in the latest gray
effeets-
WI DEM AN
THE TAILOR
.303 University Avenue.
1
Come and see our
latest herring-bone suit
ings in the latest gray
effeets-
WI DEM AN
THE TAILOR
.303 University Avenue.
1
Come and see our
latest herring-bone suit
ings in the latest gray
effeets-
WI DEM AN
THE TAILOR
.303 University Avenue.
1
Come and see our
latest herring-bone suit
ings in the latest gray
effeets-
WI DEM AN
THE TAILOR
.303 University Avenue.
1
Come and see our
latest herring-bone suit
ings in the latest gray
effeets-
WI DEM AN
THE TAILOR
.303 University Avenue.
1
Come and see our
latest herring-bone suit
ings in the latest gray
effeets-
WI DEM AN
THE TAILOR
.303 University Avenue.
1
