# Briggs to Talk Before English Club.
## 
### 
Professor W. D. Brings, of thf
English department, will five a ta k
before Hie members -'112 <he English
Club at their meeting this evening at
the Kappa Alpha Theta house.
Professor Briggs will take as his
subject Shakespeare's '"Two Gentle
men of Verona," which will prove of
special interest in view of the Sword
and Sandals production to be given
on Friday evening.
Professor W. D. Brings, of thf
English department, will five a ta k
before Hie members -'112 <he English
Club at their meeting this evening at
the Kappa Alpha Theta house.
Professor Briggs will take as his
subject Shakespeare's '"Two Gentle
men of Verona," which will prove of
special interest in view of the Sword
and Sandals production to be given
on Friday evening.
Professor W. D. Brings, of thf
English department, will five a ta k
before Hie members -'112 <he English
Club at their meeting this evening at
the Kappa Alpha Theta house.
Professor Briggs will take as his
subject Shakespeare's '"Two Gentle
men of Verona," which will prove of
special interest in view of the Sword
and Sandals production to be given
on Friday evening.
Professor W. D. Brings, of thf
English department, will five a ta k
before Hie members -'112 <he English
Club at their meeting this evening at
the Kappa Alpha Theta house.
Professor Briggs will take as his
subject Shakespeare's '"Two Gentle
men of Verona," which will prove of
special interest in view of the Sword
and Sandals production to be given
on Friday evening.
Professor W. D. Brings, of thf
English department, will five a ta k
before Hie members -'112 <he English
Club at their meeting this evening at
the Kappa Alpha Theta house.
Professor Briggs will take as his
subject Shakespeare's '"Two Gentle
men of Verona," which will prove of
special interest in view of the Sword
and Sandals production to be given
on Friday evening.
Professor W. D. Brings, of thf
English department, will five a ta k
before Hie members -'112 <he English
Club at their meeting this evening at
the Kappa Alpha Theta house.
Professor Briggs will take as his
subject Shakespeare's '"Two Gentle
men of Verona," which will prove of
special interest in view of the Sword
and Sandals production to be given
on Friday evening.
Professor W. D. Brings, of thf
English department, will five a ta k
before Hie members -'112 <he English
Club at their meeting this evening at
the Kappa Alpha Theta house.
Professor Briggs will take as his
subject Shakespeare's '"Two Gentle
men of Verona," which will prove of
special interest in view of the Sword
and Sandals production to be given
on Friday evening.
Professor W. D. Brings, of thf
English department, will five a ta k
before Hie members -'112 <he English
Club at their meeting this evening at
the Kappa Alpha Theta house.
Professor Briggs will take as his
subject Shakespeare's '"Two Gentle
men of Verona," which will prove of
special interest in view of the Sword
and Sandals production to be given
on Friday evening.
Professor W. D. Brings, of thf
English department, will five a ta k
before Hie members -'112 <he English
Club at their meeting this evening at
the Kappa Alpha Theta house.
Professor Briggs will take as his
subject Shakespeare's '"Two Gentle
men of Verona," which will prove of
special interest in view of the Sword
and Sandals production to be given
on Friday evening.
