# Come and write for the Daily!
## 
### 
Even if you 'ue never written for a
newspaper before, we still need your help
Indulge your wild fantasy of seeing your
name in print! Stop by the Daily offices,
talk to any editor, we 're waiting for you!
Even if you 'ue never written for a
newspaper before, we still need your help
Indulge your wild fantasy of seeing your
name in print! Stop by the Daily offices,
talk to any editor, we 're waiting for you!
Even if you 'ue never written for a
newspaper before, we still need your help
Indulge your wild fantasy of seeing your
name in print! Stop by the Daily offices,
talk to any editor, we 're waiting for you!
Even if you 'ue never written for a
newspaper before, we still need your help
Indulge your wild fantasy of seeing your
name in print! Stop by the Daily offices,
talk to any editor, we 're waiting for you!
Even if you 'ue never written for a
newspaper before, we still need your help
Indulge your wild fantasy of seeing your
name in print! Stop by the Daily offices,
talk to any editor, we 're waiting for you!
Even if you 'ue never written for a
newspaper before, we still need your help
Indulge your wild fantasy of seeing your
name in print! Stop by the Daily offices,
talk to any editor, we 're waiting for you!
Even if you 'ue never written for a
newspaper before, we still need your help
Indulge your wild fantasy of seeing your
name in print! Stop by the Daily offices,
talk to any editor, we 're waiting for you!
Even if you 'ue never written for a
newspaper before, we still need your help
Indulge your wild fantasy of seeing your
name in print! Stop by the Daily offices,
talk to any editor, we 're waiting for you!
