# SIRO Drive Continues; Collection Spots Listed
## 
### 
The SIRO drive for donations of
clothing, bedding, canned foods, and
money for the destitute people of
Europe and Asia will continue to
day, according to ClifT Forster and
Marky Cleek, co-chairmen of the
organization.
Donations may be left in the con
tainers by the Union Snack Bar and
in the lobbies of Encina and Roble.
The SIRO drive for donations of
clothing, bedding, canned foods, and
money for the destitute people of
Europe and Asia will continue to
day, according to ClifT Forster and
Marky Cleek, co-chairmen of the
organization.
Donations may be left in the con
tainers by the Union Snack Bar and
in the lobbies of Encina and Roble.
The SIRO drive for donations of
clothing, bedding, canned foods, and
money for the destitute people of
Europe and Asia will continue to
day, according to ClifT Forster and
Marky Cleek, co-chairmen of the
organization.
Donations may be left in the con
tainers by the Union Snack Bar and
in the lobbies of Encina and Roble.
The SIRO drive for donations of
clothing, bedding, canned foods, and
money for the destitute people of
Europe and Asia will continue to
day, according to ClifT Forster and
Marky Cleek, co-chairmen of the
organization.
Donations may be left in the con
tainers by the Union Snack Bar and
in the lobbies of Encina and Roble.
The SIRO drive for donations of
clothing, bedding, canned foods, and
money for the destitute people of
Europe and Asia will continue to
day, according to ClifT Forster and
Marky Cleek, co-chairmen of the
organization.
Donations may be left in the con
tainers by the Union Snack Bar and
in the lobbies of Encina and Roble.
The SIRO drive for donations of
clothing, bedding, canned foods, and
money for the destitute people of
Europe and Asia will continue to
day, according to ClifT Forster and
Marky Cleek, co-chairmen of the
organization.
Donations may be left in the con
tainers by the Union Snack Bar and
in the lobbies of Encina and Roble.
The SIRO drive for donations of
clothing, bedding, canned foods, and
money for the destitute people of
Europe and Asia will continue to
day, according to ClifT Forster and
Marky Cleek, co-chairmen of the
organization.
Donations may be left in the con
tainers by the Union Snack Bar and
in the lobbies of Encina and Roble.
The SIRO drive for donations of
clothing, bedding, canned foods, and
money for the destitute people of
Europe and Asia will continue to
day, according to ClifT Forster and
Marky Cleek, co-chairmen of the
organization.
Donations may be left in the con
tainers by the Union Snack Bar and
in the lobbies of Encina and Roble.
The SIRO drive for donations of
clothing, bedding, canned foods, and
money for the destitute people of
Europe and Asia will continue to
day, according to ClifT Forster and
Marky Cleek, co-chairmen of the
organization.
Donations may be left in the con
tainers by the Union Snack Bar and
in the lobbies of Encina and Roble.
The SIRO drive for donations of
clothing, bedding, canned foods, and
money for the destitute people of
Europe and Asia will continue to
day, according to ClifT Forster and
Marky Cleek, co-chairmen of the
organization.
Donations may be left in the con
tainers by the Union Snack Bar and
in the lobbies of Encina and Roble.
The SIRO drive for donations of
clothing, bedding, canned foods, and
money for the destitute people of
Europe and Asia will continue to
day, according to ClifT Forster and
Marky Cleek, co-chairmen of the
organization.
Donations may be left in the con
tainers by the Union Snack Bar and
in the lobbies of Encina and Roble.
The SIRO drive for donations of
clothing, bedding, canned foods, and
money for the destitute people of
Europe and Asia will continue to
day, according to ClifT Forster and
Marky Cleek, co-chairmen of the
organization.
Donations may be left in the con
tainers by the Union Snack Bar and
in the lobbies of Encina and Roble.
The SIRO drive for donations of
clothing, bedding, canned foods, and
money for the destitute people of
Europe and Asia will continue to
day, according to ClifT Forster and
Marky Cleek, co-chairmen of the
organization.
Donations may be left in the con
tainers by the Union Snack Bar and
in the lobbies of Encina and Roble.
The SIRO drive for donations of
clothing, bedding, canned foods, and
money for the destitute people of
Europe and Asia will continue to
day, according to ClifT Forster and
Marky Cleek, co-chairmen of the
organization.
Donations may be left in the con
tainers by the Union Snack Bar and
in the lobbies of Encina and Roble.
The SIRO drive for donations of
clothing, bedding, canned foods, and
money for the destitute people of
Europe and Asia will continue to
day, according to ClifT Forster and
Marky Cleek, co-chairmen of the
organization.
Donations may be left in the con
tainers by the Union Snack Bar and
in the lobbies of Encina and Roble.
