# Tal Smith Beats Rosburg On 19th in Stanford Golf
## 
### 
Tal Smith, defending title-holder,
reigned as the upper-bracket favor
ite in the 12th annual Stanford In
vitational golf tournament today
following his one-up, 19th-hole vic
tory over Bob Rosburg in the tour
ney's third round of play yesterday.
Cy Penned. Morgan Fottrell and
Sandy Tatum survived the week
end's play and are scheduled to bat
tle it out for the tournament crown
next Saturday and Sunday, along
with Smith.
COMES FROM BEHIND
Smith, who was two - down to
Rosburg most of the way yesterday,
birdied the par-four 15th and the

par-three 17th to even the count
and then went on to win with a bir
die four 011 the 19th. Both players
shot G9's for the regulation route.
Rosburg, the day before, had put
highly rated Bobby Harris, of San
Jose State, out of the running with
a 20th-hole, one-up win after com
ing from behind with three birdies
on the 15th, 17th and 18th holes.
PENNELL MEETS SMITH
Pennell won the right to meet
Smith in the tourney quarter-finals
next Saturday by downing Bob
Barber, 4 and 2.
In the lower bracket of yester
day's play, Paul Kessinger was

eliminated when Fottrell beat him
by a narrow one-up margin. In the
other match, Tatum downed Bill
i Boyd, 2 and 1.
Fottrell had reached yesterday's
round of play by coming from be
hind in Saturday's play to win his
match on the 20th. Boyd had elimi
nated one of the favorites, Warren
Berl, by a one-up margin on Sat
urday.
Tal Smith, defending title-holder,
reigned as the upper-bracket favor
ite in the 12th annual Stanford In
vitational golf tournament today
following his one-up, 19th-hole vic
tory over Bob Rosburg in the tour
ney's third round of play yesterday.
Cy Penned. Morgan Fottrell and
Sandy Tatum survived the week
end's play and are scheduled to bat
tle it out for the tournament crown
next Saturday and Sunday, along
with Smith.
COMES FROM BEHIND
Smith, who was two - down to
Rosburg most of the way yesterday,
birdied the par-four 15th and the

par-three 17th to even the count
and then went on to win with a bir
die four 011 the 19th. Both players
shot G9's for the regulation route.
Rosburg, the day before, had put
highly rated Bobby Harris, of San
Jose State, out of the running with
a 20th-hole, one-up win after com
ing from behind with three birdies
on the 15th, 17th and 18th holes.
PENNELL MEETS SMITH
Pennell won the right to meet
Smith in the tourney quarter-finals
next Saturday by downing Bob
Barber, 4 and 2.
In the lower bracket of yester
day's play, Paul Kessinger was

eliminated when Fottrell beat him
by a narrow one-up margin. In the
other match, Tatum downed Bill
i Boyd, 2 and 1.
Fottrell had reached yesterday's
round of play by coming from be
hind in Saturday's play to win his
match on the 20th. Boyd had elimi
nated one of the favorites, Warren
Berl, by a one-up margin on Sat
urday.
Tal Smith, defending title-holder,
reigned as the upper-bracket favor
ite in the 12th annual Stanford In
vitational golf tournament today
following his one-up, 19th-hole vic
tory over Bob Rosburg in the tour
ney's third round of play yesterday.
Cy Penned. Morgan Fottrell and
Sandy Tatum survived the week
end's play and are scheduled to bat
tle it out for the tournament crown
next Saturday and Sunday, along
with Smith.
COMES FROM BEHIND
Smith, who was two - down to
Rosburg most of the way yesterday,
birdied the par-four 15th and the

par-three 17th to even the count
and then went on to win with a bir
die four 011 the 19th. Both players
shot G9's for the regulation route.
Rosburg, the day before, had put
highly rated Bobby Harris, of San
Jose State, out of the running with
a 20th-hole, one-up win after com
ing from behind with three birdies
on the 15th, 17th and 18th holes.
PENNELL MEETS SMITH
Pennell won the right to meet
Smith in the tourney quarter-finals
next Saturday by downing Bob
Barber, 4 and 2.
In the lower bracket of yester
day's play, Paul Kessinger was

eliminated when Fottrell beat him
by a narrow one-up margin. In the
other match, Tatum downed Bill
i Boyd, 2 and 1.
Fottrell had reached yesterday's
round of play by coming from be
hind in Saturday's play to win his
match on the 20th. Boyd had elimi
nated one of the favorites, Warren
Berl, by a one-up margin on Sat
urday.
Tal Smith, defending title-holder,
reigned as the upper-bracket favor
ite in the 12th annual Stanford In
vitational golf tournament today
following his one-up, 19th-hole vic
tory over Bob Rosburg in the tour
ney's third round of play yesterday.
Cy Penned. Morgan Fottrell and
Sandy Tatum survived the week
end's play and are scheduled to bat
tle it out for the tournament crown
next Saturday and Sunday, along
with Smith.
COMES FROM BEHIND
Smith, who was two - down to
Rosburg most of the way yesterday,
birdied the par-four 15th and the

par-three 17th to even the count
and then went on to win with a bir
die four 011 the 19th. Both players
shot G9's for the regulation route.
Rosburg, the day before, had put
highly rated Bobby Harris, of San
Jose State, out of the running with
a 20th-hole, one-up win after com
ing from behind with three birdies
on the 15th, 17th and 18th holes.
PENNELL MEETS SMITH
Pennell won the right to meet
Smith in the tourney quarter-finals
next Saturday by downing Bob
Barber, 4 and 2.
In the lower bracket of yester
day's play, Paul Kessinger was

eliminated when Fottrell beat him
by a narrow one-up margin. In the
other match, Tatum downed Bill
i Boyd, 2 and 1.
Fottrell had reached yesterday's
round of play by coming from be
hind in Saturday's play to win his
match on the 20th. Boyd had elimi
nated one of the favorites, Warren
Berl, by a one-up margin on Sat
urday.
Tal Smith, defending title-holder,
reigned as the upper-bracket favor
ite in the 12th annual Stanford In
vitational golf tournament today
following his one-up, 19th-hole vic
tory over Bob Rosburg in the tour
ney's third round of play yesterday.
Cy Penned. Morgan Fottrell and
Sandy Tatum survived the week
end's play and are scheduled to bat
tle it out for the tournament crown
next Saturday and Sunday, along
with Smith.
COMES FROM BEHIND
Smith, who was two - down to
Rosburg most of the way yesterday,
birdied the par-four 15th and the

par-three 17th to even the count
and then went on to win with a bir
die four 011 the 19th. Both players
shot G9's for the regulation route.
Rosburg, the day before, had put
highly rated Bobby Harris, of San
Jose State, out of the running with
a 20th-hole, one-up win after com
ing from behind with three birdies
on the 15th, 17th and 18th holes.
PENNELL MEETS SMITH
Pennell won the right to meet
Smith in the tourney quarter-finals
next Saturday by downing Bob
Barber, 4 and 2.
In the lower bracket of yester
day's play, Paul Kessinger was

eliminated when Fottrell beat him
by a narrow one-up margin. In the
other match, Tatum downed Bill
i Boyd, 2 and 1.
Fottrell had reached yesterday's
round of play by coming from be
hind in Saturday's play to win his
match on the 20th. Boyd had elimi
nated one of the favorites, Warren
Berl, by a one-up margin on Sat
urday.
Tal Smith, defending title-holder,
reigned as the upper-bracket favor
ite in the 12th annual Stanford In
vitational golf tournament today
following his one-up, 19th-hole vic
tory over Bob Rosburg in the tour
ney's third round of play yesterday.
Cy Penned. Morgan Fottrell and
Sandy Tatum survived the week
end's play and are scheduled to bat
tle it out for the tournament crown
next Saturday and Sunday, along
with Smith.
COMES FROM BEHIND
Smith, who was two - down to
Rosburg most of the way yesterday,
birdied the par-four 15th and the

par-three 17th to even the count
and then went on to win with a bir
die four 011 the 19th. Both players
shot G9's for the regulation route.
Rosburg, the day before, had put
highly rated Bobby Harris, of San
Jose State, out of the running with
a 20th-hole, one-up win after com
ing from behind with three birdies
on the 15th, 17th and 18th holes.
PENNELL MEETS SMITH
Pennell won the right to meet
Smith in the tourney quarter-finals
next Saturday by downing Bob
Barber, 4 and 2.
In the lower bracket of yester
day's play, Paul Kessinger was

eliminated when Fottrell beat him
by a narrow one-up margin. In the
other match, Tatum downed Bill
i Boyd, 2 and 1.
Fottrell had reached yesterday's
round of play by coming from be
hind in Saturday's play to win his
match on the 20th. Boyd had elimi
nated one of the favorites, Warren
Berl, by a one-up margin on Sat
urday.
Tal Smith, defending title-holder,
reigned as the upper-bracket favor
ite in the 12th annual Stanford In
vitational golf tournament today
following his one-up, 19th-hole vic
tory over Bob Rosburg in the tour
ney's third round of play yesterday.
Cy Penned. Morgan Fottrell and
Sandy Tatum survived the week
end's play and are scheduled to bat
tle it out for the tournament crown
next Saturday and Sunday, along
with Smith.
COMES FROM BEHIND
Smith, who was two - down to
Rosburg most of the way yesterday,
birdied the par-four 15th and the

par-three 17th to even the count
and then went on to win with a bir
die four 011 the 19th. Both players
shot G9's for the regulation route.
Rosburg, the day before, had put
highly rated Bobby Harris, of San
Jose State, out of the running with
a 20th-hole, one-up win after com
ing from behind with three birdies
on the 15th, 17th and 18th holes.
PENNELL MEETS SMITH
Pennell won the right to meet
Smith in the tourney quarter-finals
next Saturday by downing Bob
Barber, 4 and 2.
In the lower bracket of yester
day's play, Paul Kessinger was

eliminated when Fottrell beat him
by a narrow one-up margin. In the
other match, Tatum downed Bill
i Boyd, 2 and 1.
Fottrell had reached yesterday's
round of play by coming from be
hind in Saturday's play to win his
match on the 20th. Boyd had elimi
nated one of the favorites, Warren
Berl, by a one-up margin on Sat
urday.
Tal Smith, defending title-holder,
reigned as the upper-bracket favor
ite in the 12th annual Stanford In
vitational golf tournament today
following his one-up, 19th-hole vic
tory over Bob Rosburg in the tour
ney's third round of play yesterday.
Cy Penned. Morgan Fottrell and
Sandy Tatum survived the week
end's play and are scheduled to bat
tle it out for the tournament crown
next Saturday and Sunday, along
with Smith.
COMES FROM BEHIND
Smith, who was two - down to
Rosburg most of the way yesterday,
birdied the par-four 15th and the

par-three 17th to even the count
and then went on to win with a bir
die four 011 the 19th. Both players
shot G9's for the regulation route.
Rosburg, the day before, had put
highly rated Bobby Harris, of San
Jose State, out of the running with
a 20th-hole, one-up win after com
ing from behind with three birdies
on the 15th, 17th and 18th holes.
PENNELL MEETS SMITH
Pennell won the right to meet
Smith in the tourney quarter-finals
next Saturday by downing Bob
Barber, 4 and 2.
In the lower bracket of yester
day's play, Paul Kessinger was

eliminated when Fottrell beat him
by a narrow one-up margin. In the
other match, Tatum downed Bill
i Boyd, 2 and 1.
Fottrell had reached yesterday's
round of play by coming from be
hind in Saturday's play to win his
match on the 20th. Boyd had elimi
nated one of the favorites, Warren
Berl, by a one-up margin on Sat
urday.
Tal Smith, defending title-holder,
reigned as the upper-bracket favor
ite in the 12th annual Stanford In
vitational golf tournament today
following his one-up, 19th-hole vic
tory over Bob Rosburg in the tour
ney's third round of play yesterday.
Cy Penned. Morgan Fottrell and
Sandy Tatum survived the week
end's play and are scheduled to bat
tle it out for the tournament crown
next Saturday and Sunday, along
with Smith.
COMES FROM BEHIND
Smith, who was two - down to
Rosburg most of the way yesterday,
birdied the par-four 15th and the

par-three 17th to even the count
and then went on to win with a bir
die four 011 the 19th. Both players
shot G9's for the regulation route.
Rosburg, the day before, had put
highly rated Bobby Harris, of San
Jose State, out of the running with
a 20th-hole, one-up win after com
ing from behind with three birdies
on the 15th, 17th and 18th holes.
PENNELL MEETS SMITH
Pennell won the right to meet
Smith in the tourney quarter-finals
next Saturday by downing Bob
Barber, 4 and 2.
In the lower bracket of yester
day's play, Paul Kessinger was

eliminated when Fottrell beat him
by a narrow one-up margin. In the
other match, Tatum downed Bill
i Boyd, 2 and 1.
Fottrell had reached yesterday's
round of play by coming from be
hind in Saturday's play to win his
match on the 20th. Boyd had elimi
nated one of the favorites, Warren
Berl, by a one-up margin on Sat
urday.
Tal Smith, defending title-holder,
reigned as the upper-bracket favor
ite in the 12th annual Stanford In
vitational golf tournament today
following his one-up, 19th-hole vic
tory over Bob Rosburg in the tour
ney's third round of play yesterday.
Cy Penned. Morgan Fottrell and
Sandy Tatum survived the week
end's play and are scheduled to bat
tle it out for the tournament crown
next Saturday and Sunday, along
with Smith.
COMES FROM BEHIND
Smith, who was two - down to
Rosburg most of the way yesterday,
birdied the par-four 15th and the

par-three 17th to even the count
and then went on to win with a bir
die four 011 the 19th. Both players
shot G9's for the regulation route.
Rosburg, the day before, had put
highly rated Bobby Harris, of San
Jose State, out of the running with
a 20th-hole, one-up win after com
ing from behind with three birdies
on the 15th, 17th and 18th holes.
PENNELL MEETS SMITH
Pennell won the right to meet
Smith in the tourney quarter-finals
next Saturday by downing Bob
Barber, 4 and 2.
In the lower bracket of yester
day's play, Paul Kessinger was

eliminated when Fottrell beat him
by a narrow one-up margin. In the
other match, Tatum downed Bill
i Boyd, 2 and 1.
Fottrell had reached yesterday's
round of play by coming from be
hind in Saturday's play to win his
match on the 20th. Boyd had elimi
nated one of the favorites, Warren
Berl, by a one-up margin on Sat
urday.
Tal Smith, defending title-holder,
reigned as the upper-bracket favor
ite in the 12th annual Stanford In
vitational golf tournament today
following his one-up, 19th-hole vic
tory over Bob Rosburg in the tour
ney's third round of play yesterday.
Cy Penned. Morgan Fottrell and
Sandy Tatum survived the week
end's play and are scheduled to bat
tle it out for the tournament crown
next Saturday and Sunday, along
with Smith.
COMES FROM BEHIND
Smith, who was two - down to
Rosburg most of the way yesterday,
birdied the par-four 15th and the

par-three 17th to even the count
and then went on to win with a bir
die four 011 the 19th. Both players
shot G9's for the regulation route.
Rosburg, the day before, had put
highly rated Bobby Harris, of San
Jose State, out of the running with
a 20th-hole, one-up win after com
ing from behind with three birdies
on the 15th, 17th and 18th holes.
PENNELL MEETS SMITH
Pennell won the right to meet
Smith in the tourney quarter-finals
next Saturday by downing Bob
Barber, 4 and 2.
In the lower bracket of yester
day's play, Paul Kessinger was

eliminated when Fottrell beat him
by a narrow one-up margin. In the
other match, Tatum downed Bill
i Boyd, 2 and 1.
Fottrell had reached yesterday's
round of play by coming from be
hind in Saturday's play to win his
match on the 20th. Boyd had elimi
nated one of the favorites, Warren
Berl, by a one-up margin on Sat
urday.
Tal Smith, defending title-holder,
reigned as the upper-bracket favor
ite in the 12th annual Stanford In
vitational golf tournament today
following his one-up, 19th-hole vic
tory over Bob Rosburg in the tour
ney's third round of play yesterday.
Cy Penned. Morgan Fottrell and
Sandy Tatum survived the week
end's play and are scheduled to bat
tle it out for the tournament crown
next Saturday and Sunday, along
with Smith.
COMES FROM BEHIND
Smith, who was two - down to
Rosburg most of the way yesterday,
birdied the par-four 15th and the

par-three 17th to even the count
and then went on to win with a bir
die four 011 the 19th. Both players
shot G9's for the regulation route.
Rosburg, the day before, had put
highly rated Bobby Harris, of San
Jose State, out of the running with
a 20th-hole, one-up win after com
ing from behind with three birdies
on the 15th, 17th and 18th holes.
PENNELL MEETS SMITH
Pennell won the right to meet
Smith in the tourney quarter-finals
next Saturday by downing Bob
Barber, 4 and 2.
In the lower bracket of yester
day's play, Paul Kessinger was

eliminated when Fottrell beat him
by a narrow one-up margin. In the
other match, Tatum downed Bill
i Boyd, 2 and 1.
Fottrell had reached yesterday's
round of play by coming from be
hind in Saturday's play to win his
match on the 20th. Boyd had elimi
nated one of the favorites, Warren
Berl, by a one-up margin on Sat
urday.
Tal Smith, defending title-holder,
reigned as the upper-bracket favor
ite in the 12th annual Stanford In
vitational golf tournament today
following his one-up, 19th-hole vic
tory over Bob Rosburg in the tour
ney's third round of play yesterday.
Cy Penned. Morgan Fottrell and
Sandy Tatum survived the week
end's play and are scheduled to bat
tle it out for the tournament crown
next Saturday and Sunday, along
with Smith.
COMES FROM BEHIND
Smith, who was two - down to
Rosburg most of the way yesterday,
birdied the par-four 15th and the

par-three 17th to even the count
and then went on to win with a bir
die four 011 the 19th. Both players
shot G9's for the regulation route.
Rosburg, the day before, had put
highly rated Bobby Harris, of San
Jose State, out of the running with
a 20th-hole, one-up win after com
ing from behind with three birdies
on the 15th, 17th and 18th holes.
PENNELL MEETS SMITH
Pennell won the right to meet
Smith in the tourney quarter-finals
next Saturday by downing Bob
Barber, 4 and 2.
In the lower bracket of yester
day's play, Paul Kessinger was

eliminated when Fottrell beat him
by a narrow one-up margin. In the
other match, Tatum downed Bill
i Boyd, 2 and 1.
Fottrell had reached yesterday's
round of play by coming from be
hind in Saturday's play to win his
match on the 20th. Boyd had elimi
nated one of the favorites, Warren
Berl, by a one-up margin on Sat
urday.
Tal Smith, defending title-holder,
reigned as the upper-bracket favor
ite in the 12th annual Stanford In
vitational golf tournament today
following his one-up, 19th-hole vic
tory over Bob Rosburg in the tour
ney's third round of play yesterday.
Cy Penned. Morgan Fottrell and
Sandy Tatum survived the week
end's play and are scheduled to bat
tle it out for the tournament crown
next Saturday and Sunday, along
with Smith.
COMES FROM BEHIND
Smith, who was two - down to
Rosburg most of the way yesterday,
birdied the par-four 15th and the

par-three 17th to even the count
and then went on to win with a bir
die four 011 the 19th. Both players
shot G9's for the regulation route.
Rosburg, the day before, had put
highly rated Bobby Harris, of San
Jose State, out of the running with
a 20th-hole, one-up win after com
ing from behind with three birdies
on the 15th, 17th and 18th holes.
PENNELL MEETS SMITH
Pennell won the right to meet
Smith in the tourney quarter-finals
next Saturday by downing Bob
Barber, 4 and 2.
In the lower bracket of yester
day's play, Paul Kessinger was

eliminated when Fottrell beat him
by a narrow one-up margin. In the
other match, Tatum downed Bill
i Boyd, 2 and 1.
Fottrell had reached yesterday's
round of play by coming from be
hind in Saturday's play to win his
match on the 20th. Boyd had elimi
nated one of the favorites, Warren
Berl, by a one-up margin on Sat
urday.
Tal Smith, defending title-holder,
reigned as the upper-bracket favor
ite in the 12th annual Stanford In
vitational golf tournament today
following his one-up, 19th-hole vic
tory over Bob Rosburg in the tour
ney's third round of play yesterday.
Cy Penned. Morgan Fottrell and
Sandy Tatum survived the week
end's play and are scheduled to bat
tle it out for the tournament crown
next Saturday and Sunday, along
with Smith.
COMES FROM BEHIND
Smith, who was two - down to
Rosburg most of the way yesterday,
birdied the par-four 15th and the

par-three 17th to even the count
and then went on to win with a bir
die four 011 the 19th. Both players
shot G9's for the regulation route.
Rosburg, the day before, had put
highly rated Bobby Harris, of San
Jose State, out of the running with
a 20th-hole, one-up win after com
ing from behind with three birdies
on the 15th, 17th and 18th holes.
PENNELL MEETS SMITH
Pennell won the right to meet
Smith in the tourney quarter-finals
next Saturday by downing Bob
Barber, 4 and 2.
In the lower bracket of yester
day's play, Paul Kessinger was

eliminated when Fottrell beat him
by a narrow one-up margin. In the
other match, Tatum downed Bill
i Boyd, 2 and 1.
Fottrell had reached yesterday's
round of play by coming from be
hind in Saturday's play to win his
match on the 20th. Boyd had elimi
nated one of the favorites, Warren
Berl, by a one-up margin on Sat
urday.
