# Student Body Nominations.
## 
### 
The nominations for student body |
offices for the coming year will be
made at a regular meeting of the
students in the chapel tomorrow at
1:15. The election will take place
Wednesday, April 29, on the quad.
Officers are to be nominated for the
following positions: President, vice
president, secretary, treasurer, and
members of the ICxecutive Commit
teeeach from the Junior, Sophomore,
and Freshman classes; eight mem
bers of the Athletic Committee;
editor-in-chief and business man
ager Daily Palo Alto and Sequoia. \
The nominations for student body |
offices for the coming year will be
made at a regular meeting of the
students in the chapel tomorrow at
1:15. The election will take place
Wednesday, April 29, on the quad.
Officers are to be nominated for the
following positions: President, vice
president, secretary, treasurer, and
members of the ICxecutive Commit
teeeach from the Junior, Sophomore,
and Freshman classes; eight mem
bers of the Athletic Committee;
editor-in-chief and business man
ager Daily Palo Alto and Sequoia. \
The nominations for student body |
offices for the coming year will be
made at a regular meeting of the
students in the chapel tomorrow at
1:15. The election will take place
Wednesday, April 29, on the quad.
Officers are to be nominated for the
following positions: President, vice
president, secretary, treasurer, and
members of the ICxecutive Commit
teeeach from the Junior, Sophomore,
and Freshman classes; eight mem
bers of the Athletic Committee;
editor-in-chief and business man
ager Daily Palo Alto and Sequoia. \
The nominations for student body |
offices for the coming year will be
made at a regular meeting of the
students in the chapel tomorrow at
1:15. The election will take place
Wednesday, April 29, on the quad.
Officers are to be nominated for the
following positions: President, vice
president, secretary, treasurer, and
members of the ICxecutive Commit
teeeach from the Junior, Sophomore,
and Freshman classes; eight mem
bers of the Athletic Committee;
editor-in-chief and business man
ager Daily Palo Alto and Sequoia. \
The nominations for student body |
offices for the coming year will be
made at a regular meeting of the
students in the chapel tomorrow at
1:15. The election will take place
Wednesday, April 29, on the quad.
Officers are to be nominated for the
following positions: President, vice
president, secretary, treasurer, and
members of the ICxecutive Commit
teeeach from the Junior, Sophomore,
and Freshman classes; eight mem
bers of the Athletic Committee;
editor-in-chief and business man
ager Daily Palo Alto and Sequoia. \
The nominations for student body |
offices for the coming year will be
made at a regular meeting of the
students in the chapel tomorrow at
1:15. The election will take place
Wednesday, April 29, on the quad.
Officers are to be nominated for the
following positions: President, vice
president, secretary, treasurer, and
members of the ICxecutive Commit
teeeach from the Junior, Sophomore,
and Freshman classes; eight mem
bers of the Athletic Committee;
editor-in-chief and business man
ager Daily Palo Alto and Sequoia. \
The nominations for student body |
offices for the coming year will be
made at a regular meeting of the
students in the chapel tomorrow at
1:15. The election will take place
Wednesday, April 29, on the quad.
Officers are to be nominated for the
following positions: President, vice
president, secretary, treasurer, and
members of the ICxecutive Commit
teeeach from the Junior, Sophomore,
and Freshman classes; eight mem
bers of the Athletic Committee;
editor-in-chief and business man
ager Daily Palo Alto and Sequoia. \
