# CANDIDATE ENDORSED
## 
### 
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 28 (UP).Five
hundred delegates to the annual con
vention of the Mexican Workers
Confederation National Council to
day indorsed General Manuel Avila
Camaeho, 43-year-old former secre
tary of national defense, for presi
dent in the July, 1940, elections.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 28 (UP).Five
hundred delegates to the annual con
vention of the Mexican Workers
Confederation National Council to
day indorsed General Manuel Avila
Camaeho, 43-year-old former secre
tary of national defense, for presi
dent in the July, 1940, elections.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 28 (UP).Five
hundred delegates to the annual con
vention of the Mexican Workers
Confederation National Council to
day indorsed General Manuel Avila
Camaeho, 43-year-old former secre
tary of national defense, for presi
dent in the July, 1940, elections.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 28 (UP).Five
hundred delegates to the annual con
vention of the Mexican Workers
Confederation National Council to
day indorsed General Manuel Avila
Camaeho, 43-year-old former secre
tary of national defense, for presi
dent in the July, 1940, elections.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 28 (UP).Five
hundred delegates to the annual con
vention of the Mexican Workers
Confederation National Council to
day indorsed General Manuel Avila
Camaeho, 43-year-old former secre
tary of national defense, for presi
dent in the July, 1940, elections.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 28 (UP).Five
hundred delegates to the annual con
vention of the Mexican Workers
Confederation National Council to
day indorsed General Manuel Avila
Camaeho, 43-year-old former secre
tary of national defense, for presi
dent in the July, 1940, elections.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 28 (UP).Five
hundred delegates to the annual con
vention of the Mexican Workers
Confederation National Council to
day indorsed General Manuel Avila
Camaeho, 43-year-old former secre
tary of national defense, for presi
dent in the July, 1940, elections.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 28 (UP).Five
hundred delegates to the annual con
vention of the Mexican Workers
Confederation National Council to
day indorsed General Manuel Avila
Camaeho, 43-year-old former secre
tary of national defense, for presi
dent in the July, 1940, elections.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 28 (UP).Five
hundred delegates to the annual con
vention of the Mexican Workers
Confederation National Council to
day indorsed General Manuel Avila
Camaeho, 43-year-old former secre
tary of national defense, for presi
dent in the July, 1940, elections.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 28 (UP).Five
hundred delegates to the annual con
vention of the Mexican Workers
Confederation National Council to
day indorsed General Manuel Avila
Camaeho, 43-year-old former secre
tary of national defense, for presi
dent in the July, 1940, elections.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 28 (UP).Five
hundred delegates to the annual con
vention of the Mexican Workers
Confederation National Council to
day indorsed General Manuel Avila
Camaeho, 43-year-old former secre
tary of national defense, for presi
dent in the July, 1940, elections.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 28 (UP).Five
hundred delegates to the annual con
vention of the Mexican Workers
Confederation National Council to
day indorsed General Manuel Avila
Camaeho, 43-year-old former secre
tary of national defense, for presi
dent in the July, 1940, elections.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 28 (UP).Five
hundred delegates to the annual con
vention of the Mexican Workers
Confederation National Council to
day indorsed General Manuel Avila
Camaeho, 43-year-old former secre
tary of national defense, for presi
dent in the July, 1940, elections.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 28 (UP).Five
hundred delegates to the annual con
vention of the Mexican Workers
Confederation National Council to
day indorsed General Manuel Avila
Camaeho, 43-year-old former secre
tary of national defense, for presi
dent in the July, 1940, elections.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 28 (UP).Five
hundred delegates to the annual con
vention of the Mexican Workers
Confederation National Council to
day indorsed General Manuel Avila
Camaeho, 43-year-old former secre
tary of national defense, for presi
dent in the July, 1940, elections.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 28 (UP).Five
hundred delegates to the annual con
vention of the Mexican Workers
Confederation National Council to
day indorsed General Manuel Avila
Camaeho, 43-year-old former secre
tary of national defense, for presi
dent in the July, 1940, elections.
