# 630 HOOP TICKETS SOLD
## 
### 
Over 6150 student tickets have been
sold for the Cal-Stanford basketball
game next Saturday. Ticket pur
chases leaped yesterday, though it
was necessary jto hold the sale open
a day longer because so few tickets
were bought during the regular sales
period. One hundred ten student
tickets were sold at Berkeley for
Friday's game.
Over 6150 student tickets have been
sold for the Cal-Stanford basketball
game next Saturday. Ticket pur
chases leaped yesterday, though it
was necessary jto hold the sale open
a day longer because so few tickets
were bought during the regular sales
period. One hundred ten student
tickets were sold at Berkeley for
Friday's game.
Over 6150 student tickets have been
sold for the Cal-Stanford basketball
game next Saturday. Ticket pur
chases leaped yesterday, though it
was necessary jto hold the sale open
a day longer because so few tickets
were bought during the regular sales
period. One hundred ten student
tickets were sold at Berkeley for
Friday's game.
Over 6150 student tickets have been
sold for the Cal-Stanford basketball
game next Saturday. Ticket pur
chases leaped yesterday, though it
was necessary jto hold the sale open
a day longer because so few tickets
were bought during the regular sales
period. One hundred ten student
tickets were sold at Berkeley for
Friday's game.
Over 6150 student tickets have been
sold for the Cal-Stanford basketball
game next Saturday. Ticket pur
chases leaped yesterday, though it
was necessary jto hold the sale open
a day longer because so few tickets
were bought during the regular sales
period. One hundred ten student
tickets were sold at Berkeley for
Friday's game.
Over 6150 student tickets have been
sold for the Cal-Stanford basketball
game next Saturday. Ticket pur
chases leaped yesterday, though it
was necessary jto hold the sale open
a day longer because so few tickets
were bought during the regular sales
period. One hundred ten student
tickets were sold at Berkeley for
Friday's game.
Over 6150 student tickets have been
sold for the Cal-Stanford basketball
game next Saturday. Ticket pur
chases leaped yesterday, though it
was necessary jto hold the sale open
a day longer because so few tickets
were bought during the regular sales
period. One hundred ten student
tickets were sold at Berkeley for
Friday's game.
Over 6150 student tickets have been
sold for the Cal-Stanford basketball
game next Saturday. Ticket pur
chases leaped yesterday, though it
was necessary jto hold the sale open
a day longer because so few tickets
were bought during the regular sales
period. One hundred ten student
tickets were sold at Berkeley for
Friday's game.
Over 6150 student tickets have been
sold for the Cal-Stanford basketball
game next Saturday. Ticket pur
chases leaped yesterday, though it
was necessary jto hold the sale open
a day longer because so few tickets
were bought during the regular sales
period. One hundred ten student
tickets were sold at Berkeley for
Friday's game.
Over 6150 student tickets have been
sold for the Cal-Stanford basketball
game next Saturday. Ticket pur
chases leaped yesterday, though it
was necessary jto hold the sale open
a day longer because so few tickets
were bought during the regular sales
period. One hundred ten student
tickets were sold at Berkeley for
Friday's game.
Over 6150 student tickets have been
sold for the Cal-Stanford basketball
game next Saturday. Ticket pur
chases leaped yesterday, though it
was necessary jto hold the sale open
a day longer because so few tickets
were bought during the regular sales
period. One hundred ten student
tickets were sold at Berkeley for
Friday's game.
Over 6150 student tickets have been
sold for the Cal-Stanford basketball
game next Saturday. Ticket pur
chases leaped yesterday, though it
was necessary jto hold the sale open
a day longer because so few tickets
were bought during the regular sales
period. One hundred ten student
tickets were sold at Berkeley for
Friday's game.
Over 6150 student tickets have been
sold for the Cal-Stanford basketball
game next Saturday. Ticket pur
chases leaped yesterday, though it
was necessary jto hold the sale open
a day longer because so few tickets
were bought during the regular sales
period. One hundred ten student
tickets were sold at Berkeley for
Friday's game.
Over 6150 student tickets have been
sold for the Cal-Stanford basketball
game next Saturday. Ticket pur
chases leaped yesterday, though it
was necessary jto hold the sale open
a day longer because so few tickets
were bought during the regular sales
period. One hundred ten student
tickets were sold at Berkeley for
Friday's game.
Over 6150 student tickets have been
sold for the Cal-Stanford basketball
game next Saturday. Ticket pur
chases leaped yesterday, though it
was necessary jto hold the sale open
a day longer because so few tickets
were bought during the regular sales
period. One hundred ten student
tickets were sold at Berkeley for
Friday's game.
Over 6150 student tickets have been
sold for the Cal-Stanford basketball
game next Saturday. Ticket pur
chases leaped yesterday, though it
was necessary jto hold the sale open
a day longer because so few tickets
were bought during the regular sales
period. One hundred ten student
tickets were sold at Berkeley for
Friday's game.
