# B-AVERAGE PETITIONS
## 
### 
All petitions tor B-average late
leaves must be turned in to the
council office in Old Union by 2 this
afternoon, according to Helen Joues,
council member.
All petitions tor B-average late
leaves must be turned in to the
council office in Old Union by 2 this
afternoon, according to Helen Joues,
council member.
All petitions tor B-average late
leaves must be turned in to the
council office in Old Union by 2 this
afternoon, according to Helen Joues,
council member.
All petitions tor B-average late
leaves must be turned in to the
council office in Old Union by 2 this
afternoon, according to Helen Joues,
council member.
All petitions tor B-average late
leaves must be turned in to the
council office in Old Union by 2 this
afternoon, according to Helen Joues,
council member.
All petitions tor B-average late
leaves must be turned in to the
council office in Old Union by 2 this
afternoon, according to Helen Joues,
council member.
All petitions tor B-average late
leaves must be turned in to the
council office in Old Union by 2 this
afternoon, according to Helen Joues,
council member.
All petitions tor B-average late
leaves must be turned in to the
council office in Old Union by 2 this
afternoon, according to Helen Joues,
council member.
All petitions tor B-average late
leaves must be turned in to the
council office in Old Union by 2 this
afternoon, according to Helen Joues,
council member.
All petitions tor B-average late
leaves must be turned in to the
council office in Old Union by 2 this
afternoon, according to Helen Joues,
council member.
All petitions tor B-average late
leaves must be turned in to the
council office in Old Union by 2 this
afternoon, according to Helen Joues,
council member.
All petitions tor B-average late
leaves must be turned in to the
council office in Old Union by 2 this
afternoon, according to Helen Joues,
council member.
All petitions tor B-average late
leaves must be turned in to the
council office in Old Union by 2 this
afternoon, according to Helen Joues,
council member.
All petitions tor B-average late
leaves must be turned in to the
council office in Old Union by 2 this
afternoon, according to Helen Joues,
council member.
All petitions tor B-average late
leaves must be turned in to the
council office in Old Union by 2 this
afternoon, according to Helen Joues,
council member.
