# Untitled Article
## 
### 
California has nearly 5,000.000
acres of irrigated farm land and
about 20,00,000 acres of unirrigated
farm land, exclusive of pastures and
grazing areas.
California has nearly 5,000.000
acres of irrigated farm land and
about 20,00,000 acres of unirrigated
farm land, exclusive of pastures and
grazing areas.
California has nearly 5,000.000
acres of irrigated farm land and
about 20,00,000 acres of unirrigated
farm land, exclusive of pastures and
grazing areas.
California has nearly 5,000.000
acres of irrigated farm land and
about 20,00,000 acres of unirrigated
farm land, exclusive of pastures and
grazing areas.
California has nearly 5,000.000
acres of irrigated farm land and
about 20,00,000 acres of unirrigated
farm land, exclusive of pastures and
grazing areas.
California has nearly 5,000.000
acres of irrigated farm land and
about 20,00,000 acres of unirrigated
farm land, exclusive of pastures and
grazing areas.
California has nearly 5,000.000
acres of irrigated farm land and
about 20,00,000 acres of unirrigated
farm land, exclusive of pastures and
grazing areas.
California has nearly 5,000.000
acres of irrigated farm land and
about 20,00,000 acres of unirrigated
farm land, exclusive of pastures and
grazing areas.
California has nearly 5,000.000
acres of irrigated farm land and
about 20,00,000 acres of unirrigated
farm land, exclusive of pastures and
grazing areas.
California has nearly 5,000.000
acres of irrigated farm land and
about 20,00,000 acres of unirrigated
farm land, exclusive of pastures and
grazing areas.
California has nearly 5,000.000
acres of irrigated farm land and
about 20,00,000 acres of unirrigated
farm land, exclusive of pastures and
grazing areas.
California has nearly 5,000.000
acres of irrigated farm land and
about 20,00,000 acres of unirrigated
farm land, exclusive of pastures and
grazing areas.
California has nearly 5,000.000
acres of irrigated farm land and
about 20,00,000 acres of unirrigated
farm land, exclusive of pastures and
grazing areas.
California has nearly 5,000.000
acres of irrigated farm land and
about 20,00,000 acres of unirrigated
farm land, exclusive of pastures and
grazing areas.
California has nearly 5,000.000
acres of irrigated farm land and
about 20,00,000 acres of unirrigated
farm land, exclusive of pastures and
grazing areas.
