# 'Asia at War' Theme of Talk
## 
### 
Impressions of "Asia at War"
which Edward C. Carter, secretary
general of the Institute of Pacific Re
lations, obtained during his recent
39,000-mile trip in the Far East will
be the subject of his lecture to be
given in Cubberley Hall, Education
building, at Stanford on Thursday
evening at 7:30.
The lecture, under auspices of the
Committee on Public Exercises, is
open to the public without charge.
During his trip, Mr. Carter visited
China at the invitation of General
issimo Chiang Kai-Shek, India at the
invitation of a member of the Vice
roy's Executive Council, and the
Soviet Union as president of Russian
War Relief.
Elliot G. Mears, professor of geog
raphy and international trade at
Stanford University, will introduce
Mr. Carter.
