# Fulton Runner-up For Boston Trophy
## 
### 
Stanford's Johnny Fulton was
runner-up to Gil Dodds in the bal
loting Sunday for the John J. Halla
han memorial trophy, awarded an
nually to the outstanding athlete in
the Boston Athletic Association's in
door track meet.
Fulton pleased Eastern track fans
for the second week in a row
Stanford's Johnny Fulton was
runner-up to Gil Dodds in the bal
loting Sunday for the John J. Halla
han memorial trophy, awarded an
nually to the outstanding athlete in
the Boston Athletic Association's in
door track meet.
Fulton pleased Eastern track fans
for the second week in a row
Stanford's Johnny Fulton was
runner-up to Gil Dodds in the bal
loting Sunday for the John J. Halla
han memorial trophy, awarded an
nually to the outstanding athlete in
the Boston Athletic Association's in
door track meet.
Fulton pleased Eastern track fans
for the second week in a row
Stanford's Johnny Fulton was
runner-up to Gil Dodds in the bal
loting Sunday for the John J. Halla
han memorial trophy, awarded an
nually to the outstanding athlete in
the Boston Athletic Association's in
door track meet.
Fulton pleased Eastern track fans
for the second week in a row
Stanford's Johnny Fulton was
runner-up to Gil Dodds in the bal
loting Sunday for the John J. Halla
han memorial trophy, awarded an
nually to the outstanding athlete in
the Boston Athletic Association's in
door track meet.
Fulton pleased Eastern track fans
for the second week in a row
Stanford's Johnny Fulton was
runner-up to Gil Dodds in the bal
loting Sunday for the John J. Halla
han memorial trophy, awarded an
nually to the outstanding athlete in
the Boston Athletic Association's in
door track meet.
Fulton pleased Eastern track fans
for the second week in a row
Stanford's Johnny Fulton was
runner-up to Gil Dodds in the bal
loting Sunday for the John J. Halla
han memorial trophy, awarded an
nually to the outstanding athlete in
the Boston Athletic Association's in
door track meet.
Fulton pleased Eastern track fans
for the second week in a row
Stanford's Johnny Fulton was
runner-up to Gil Dodds in the bal
loting Sunday for the John J. Halla
han memorial trophy, awarded an
nually to the outstanding athlete in
the Boston Athletic Association's in
door track meet.
Fulton pleased Eastern track fans
for the second week in a row
Stanford's Johnny Fulton was
runner-up to Gil Dodds in the bal
loting Sunday for the John J. Halla
han memorial trophy, awarded an
nually to the outstanding athlete in
the Boston Athletic Association's in
door track meet.
Fulton pleased Eastern track fans
for the second week in a row
Stanford's Johnny Fulton was
runner-up to Gil Dodds in the bal
loting Sunday for the John J. Halla
han memorial trophy, awarded an
nually to the outstanding athlete in
the Boston Athletic Association's in
door track meet.
Fulton pleased Eastern track fans
for the second week in a row
Stanford's Johnny Fulton was
runner-up to Gil Dodds in the bal
loting Sunday for the John J. Halla
han memorial trophy, awarded an
nually to the outstanding athlete in
the Boston Athletic Association's in
door track meet.
Fulton pleased Eastern track fans
for the second week in a row
Stanford's Johnny Fulton was
runner-up to Gil Dodds in the bal
loting Sunday for the John J. Halla
han memorial trophy, awarded an
nually to the outstanding athlete in
the Boston Athletic Association's in
door track meet.
Fulton pleased Eastern track fans
for the second week in a row
Stanford's Johnny Fulton was
runner-up to Gil Dodds in the bal
loting Sunday for the John J. Halla
han memorial trophy, awarded an
nually to the outstanding athlete in
the Boston Athletic Association's in
door track meet.
Fulton pleased Eastern track fans
for the second week in a row
Stanford's Johnny Fulton was
runner-up to Gil Dodds in the bal
loting Sunday for the John J. Halla
han memorial trophy, awarded an
nually to the outstanding athlete in
the Boston Athletic Association's in
door track meet.
Fulton pleased Eastern track fans
for the second week in a row
Stanford's Johnny Fulton was
runner-up to Gil Dodds in the bal
loting Sunday for the John J. Halla
han memorial trophy, awarded an
nually to the outstanding athlete in
the Boston Athletic Association's in
door track meet.
Fulton pleased Eastern track fans
for the second week in a row
