# CULVER TO ADDRESS GRADUATES
## 
### 
George B. Culver, Dean of Men, will
speak tonight at the commencement
exercises of San Mateo High School
held in the high school auditorium.
George B. Culver, Dean of Men, will
speak tonight at the commencement
exercises of San Mateo High School
held in the high school auditorium.
George B. Culver, Dean of Men, will
speak tonight at the commencement
exercises of San Mateo High School
held in the high school auditorium.
George B. Culver, Dean of Men, will
speak tonight at the commencement
exercises of San Mateo High School
held in the high school auditorium.
George B. Culver, Dean of Men, will
speak tonight at the commencement
exercises of San Mateo High School
held in the high school auditorium.
George B. Culver, Dean of Men, will
speak tonight at the commencement
exercises of San Mateo High School
held in the high school auditorium.
George B. Culver, Dean of Men, will
speak tonight at the commencement
exercises of San Mateo High School
held in the high school auditorium.
George B. Culver, Dean of Men, will
speak tonight at the commencement
exercises of San Mateo High School
held in the high school auditorium.
George B. Culver, Dean of Men, will
speak tonight at the commencement
exercises of San Mateo High School
held in the high school auditorium.
George B. Culver, Dean of Men, will
speak tonight at the commencement
exercises of San Mateo High School
held in the high school auditorium.
George B. Culver, Dean of Men, will
speak tonight at the commencement
exercises of San Mateo High School
held in the high school auditorium.
George B. Culver, Dean of Men, will
speak tonight at the commencement
exercises of San Mateo High School
held in the high school auditorium.
George B. Culver, Dean of Men, will
speak tonight at the commencement
exercises of San Mateo High School
held in the high school auditorium.
George B. Culver, Dean of Men, will
speak tonight at the commencement
exercises of San Mateo High School
held in the high school auditorium.
George B. Culver, Dean of Men, will
speak tonight at the commencement
exercises of San Mateo High School
held in the high school auditorium.
George B. Culver, Dean of Men, will
speak tonight at the commencement
exercises of San Mateo High School
held in the high school auditorium.
