# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
EUR O P E
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied — not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 11 )
Pasadena, Calif.
EUR O P E
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied — not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 11 )
Pasadena, Calif.
EUR O P E
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied — not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 11 )
Pasadena, Calif.
EUR O P E
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied — not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 11 )
Pasadena, Calif.
EUR O P E
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied — not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 11 )
Pasadena, Calif.
EUR O P E
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied — not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 11 )
Pasadena, Calif.
EUR O P E
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied — not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 11 )
Pasadena, Calif.
EUR O P E
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied — not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 11 )
Pasadena, Calif.
EUR O P E
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied — not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 11 )
Pasadena, Calif.
EUR O P E
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied — not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 11 )
Pasadena, Calif.
EUR O P E
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied — not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 11 )
Pasadena, Calif.
EUR O P E
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied — not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 11 )
Pasadena, Calif.
EUR O P E
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied — not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 11 )
Pasadena, Calif.
EUR O P E
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied — not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 11 )
Pasadena, Calif.
EUR O P E
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied — not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 11 )
Pasadena, Calif.
EUR O P E
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied — not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 11 )
Pasadena, Calif.
EUR O P E
Dublin to the Iron Curtain;
Africa to Sweden. You're ac
companied — not herded
around. College age only.
Also short trips.
EUROPE SUMMER TOURS
255 Sequoia (Box 11 )
Pasadena, Calif.
