# Rathbun To Begin Lectures
## 
### 
"Stanford, Milestone for
What?" The senior class lecture
series will lie inaugurated at 7
p.m. Sunday when Dr. Harry J.
Rathbim asks this question iu the
new Physics Lecture Hall.

Rat hbun, a
Stanford law
professor, thinks
thai modern
man is thorough
ly committed to
the scientific
process and spir
it of open in
quiry.
He feels that
this quest for a
mature realiza
tion of self leads
to an evaluation

of the educational process. What
are its goals? Arc they being ful
filled? Where do they fall short?
"I feel that the purpose of edu
cation is to pass along Ilie accu
mulated wisdom of the race. Re
search adds to that fund of wis
dom and is equally important, but
must never be allowed to sup
plant teaching in institutions of
higher learning," Rathbun contin
ued.
Sponsored by the class of '59,
the series will present three lec
tures dealing with the problem of
self-realization and the mature
man in society. The second talk,
"Issues of Life and How to Ap
proach Them," is scheduled for
March 1. The last lecture, on
March 8, will deal with "Mature
Man in His Social Setting."


Kathbun
"Stanford, Milestone for
What?" The senior class lecture
series will lie inaugurated at 7
p.m. Sunday when Dr. Harry J.
Rathbim asks this question iu the
new Physics Lecture Hall.

Rat hbun, a
Stanford law
professor, thinks
thai modern
man is thorough
ly committed to
the scientific
process and spir
it of open in
quiry.
He feels that
this quest for a
mature realiza
tion of self leads
to an evaluation

of the educational process. What
are its goals? Arc they being ful
filled? Where do they fall short?
"I feel that the purpose of edu
cation is to pass along Ilie accu
mulated wisdom of the race. Re
search adds to that fund of wis
dom and is equally important, but
must never be allowed to sup
plant teaching in institutions of
higher learning," Rathbun contin
ued.
Sponsored by the class of '59,
the series will present three lec
tures dealing with the problem of
self-realization and the mature
man in society. The second talk,
"Issues of Life and How to Ap
proach Them," is scheduled for
March 1. The last lecture, on
March 8, will deal with "Mature
Man in His Social Setting."


Kathbun
"Stanford, Milestone for
What?" The senior class lecture
series will lie inaugurated at 7
p.m. Sunday when Dr. Harry J.
Rathbim asks this question iu the
new Physics Lecture Hall.

Rat hbun, a
Stanford law
professor, thinks
thai modern
man is thorough
ly committed to
the scientific
process and spir
it of open in
quiry.
He feels that
this quest for a
mature realiza
tion of self leads
to an evaluation

of the educational process. What
are its goals? Arc they being ful
filled? Where do they fall short?
"I feel that the purpose of edu
cation is to pass along Ilie accu
mulated wisdom of the race. Re
search adds to that fund of wis
dom and is equally important, but
must never be allowed to sup
plant teaching in institutions of
higher learning," Rathbun contin
ued.
Sponsored by the class of '59,
the series will present three lec
tures dealing with the problem of
self-realization and the mature
man in society. The second talk,
"Issues of Life and How to Ap
proach Them," is scheduled for
March 1. The last lecture, on
March 8, will deal with "Mature
Man in His Social Setting."


Kathbun
"Stanford, Milestone for
What?" The senior class lecture
series will lie inaugurated at 7
p.m. Sunday when Dr. Harry J.
Rathbim asks this question iu the
new Physics Lecture Hall.

Rat hbun, a
Stanford law
professor, thinks
thai modern
man is thorough
ly committed to
the scientific
process and spir
it of open in
quiry.
He feels that
this quest for a
mature realiza
tion of self leads
to an evaluation

of the educational process. What
are its goals? Arc they being ful
filled? Where do they fall short?
"I feel that the purpose of edu
cation is to pass along Ilie accu
mulated wisdom of the race. Re
search adds to that fund of wis
dom and is equally important, but
must never be allowed to sup
plant teaching in institutions of
higher learning," Rathbun contin
ued.
Sponsored by the class of '59,
the series will present three lec
tures dealing with the problem of
self-realization and the mature
man in society. The second talk,
"Issues of Life and How to Ap
proach Them," is scheduled for
March 1. The last lecture, on
March 8, will deal with "Mature
Man in His Social Setting."


Kathbun
"Stanford, Milestone for
What?" The senior class lecture
series will lie inaugurated at 7
p.m. Sunday when Dr. Harry J.
Rathbim asks this question iu the
new Physics Lecture Hall.

Rat hbun, a
Stanford law
professor, thinks
thai modern
man is thorough
ly committed to
the scientific
process and spir
it of open in
quiry.
He feels that
this quest for a
mature realiza
tion of self leads
to an evaluation

of the educational process. What
are its goals? Arc they being ful
filled? Where do they fall short?
"I feel that the purpose of edu
cation is to pass along Ilie accu
mulated wisdom of the race. Re
search adds to that fund of wis
dom and is equally important, but
must never be allowed to sup
plant teaching in institutions of
higher learning," Rathbun contin
ued.
Sponsored by the class of '59,
the series will present three lec
tures dealing with the problem of
self-realization and the mature
man in society. The second talk,
"Issues of Life and How to Ap
proach Them," is scheduled for
March 1. The last lecture, on
March 8, will deal with "Mature
Man in His Social Setting."


Kathbun
"Stanford, Milestone for
What?" The senior class lecture
series will lie inaugurated at 7
p.m. Sunday when Dr. Harry J.
Rathbim asks this question iu the
new Physics Lecture Hall.

Rat hbun, a
Stanford law
professor, thinks
thai modern
man is thorough
ly committed to
the scientific
process and spir
it of open in
quiry.
He feels that
this quest for a
mature realiza
tion of self leads
to an evaluation

of the educational process. What
are its goals? Arc they being ful
filled? Where do they fall short?
"I feel that the purpose of edu
cation is to pass along Ilie accu
mulated wisdom of the race. Re
search adds to that fund of wis
dom and is equally important, but
must never be allowed to sup
plant teaching in institutions of
higher learning," Rathbun contin
ued.
Sponsored by the class of '59,
the series will present three lec
tures dealing with the problem of
self-realization and the mature
man in society. The second talk,
"Issues of Life and How to Ap
proach Them," is scheduled for
March 1. The last lecture, on
March 8, will deal with "Mature
Man in His Social Setting."


Kathbun
"Stanford, Milestone for
What?" The senior class lecture
series will lie inaugurated at 7
p.m. Sunday when Dr. Harry J.
Rathbim asks this question iu the
new Physics Lecture Hall.

Rat hbun, a
Stanford law
professor, thinks
thai modern
man is thorough
ly committed to
the scientific
process and spir
it of open in
quiry.
He feels that
this quest for a
mature realiza
tion of self leads
to an evaluation

of the educational process. What
are its goals? Arc they being ful
filled? Where do they fall short?
"I feel that the purpose of edu
cation is to pass along Ilie accu
mulated wisdom of the race. Re
search adds to that fund of wis
dom and is equally important, but
must never be allowed to sup
plant teaching in institutions of
higher learning," Rathbun contin
ued.
Sponsored by the class of '59,
the series will present three lec
tures dealing with the problem of
self-realization and the mature
man in society. The second talk,
"Issues of Life and How to Ap
proach Them," is scheduled for
March 1. The last lecture, on
March 8, will deal with "Mature
Man in His Social Setting."


Kathbun
"Stanford, Milestone for
What?" The senior class lecture
series will lie inaugurated at 7
p.m. Sunday when Dr. Harry J.
Rathbim asks this question iu the
new Physics Lecture Hall.

Rat hbun, a
Stanford law
professor, thinks
thai modern
man is thorough
ly committed to
the scientific
process and spir
it of open in
quiry.
He feels that
this quest for a
mature realiza
tion of self leads
to an evaluation

of the educational process. What
are its goals? Arc they being ful
filled? Where do they fall short?
"I feel that the purpose of edu
cation is to pass along Ilie accu
mulated wisdom of the race. Re
search adds to that fund of wis
dom and is equally important, but
must never be allowed to sup
plant teaching in institutions of
higher learning," Rathbun contin
ued.
Sponsored by the class of '59,
the series will present three lec
tures dealing with the problem of
self-realization and the mature
man in society. The second talk,
"Issues of Life and How to Ap
proach Them," is scheduled for
March 1. The last lecture, on
March 8, will deal with "Mature
Man in His Social Setting."


Kathbun
"Stanford, Milestone for
What?" The senior class lecture
series will lie inaugurated at 7
p.m. Sunday when Dr. Harry J.
Rathbim asks this question iu the
new Physics Lecture Hall.

Rat hbun, a
Stanford law
professor, thinks
thai modern
man is thorough
ly committed to
the scientific
process and spir
it of open in
quiry.
He feels that
this quest for a
mature realiza
tion of self leads
to an evaluation

of the educational process. What
are its goals? Arc they being ful
filled? Where do they fall short?
"I feel that the purpose of edu
cation is to pass along Ilie accu
mulated wisdom of the race. Re
search adds to that fund of wis
dom and is equally important, but
must never be allowed to sup
plant teaching in institutions of
higher learning," Rathbun contin
ued.
Sponsored by the class of '59,
the series will present three lec
tures dealing with the problem of
self-realization and the mature
man in society. The second talk,
"Issues of Life and How to Ap
proach Them," is scheduled for
March 1. The last lecture, on
March 8, will deal with "Mature
Man in His Social Setting."


Kathbun
"Stanford, Milestone for
What?" The senior class lecture
series will lie inaugurated at 7
p.m. Sunday when Dr. Harry J.
Rathbim asks this question iu the
new Physics Lecture Hall.

Rat hbun, a
Stanford law
professor, thinks
thai modern
man is thorough
ly committed to
the scientific
process and spir
it of open in
quiry.
He feels that
this quest for a
mature realiza
tion of self leads
to an evaluation

of the educational process. What
are its goals? Arc they being ful
filled? Where do they fall short?
"I feel that the purpose of edu
cation is to pass along Ilie accu
mulated wisdom of the race. Re
search adds to that fund of wis
dom and is equally important, but
must never be allowed to sup
plant teaching in institutions of
higher learning," Rathbun contin
ued.
Sponsored by the class of '59,
the series will present three lec
tures dealing with the problem of
self-realization and the mature
man in society. The second talk,
"Issues of Life and How to Ap
proach Them," is scheduled for
March 1. The last lecture, on
March 8, will deal with "Mature
Man in His Social Setting."


Kathbun
"Stanford, Milestone for
What?" The senior class lecture
series will lie inaugurated at 7
p.m. Sunday when Dr. Harry J.
Rathbim asks this question iu the
new Physics Lecture Hall.

Rat hbun, a
Stanford law
professor, thinks
thai modern
man is thorough
ly committed to
the scientific
process and spir
it of open in
quiry.
He feels that
this quest for a
mature realiza
tion of self leads
to an evaluation

of the educational process. What
are its goals? Arc they being ful
filled? Where do they fall short?
"I feel that the purpose of edu
cation is to pass along Ilie accu
mulated wisdom of the race. Re
search adds to that fund of wis
dom and is equally important, but
must never be allowed to sup
plant teaching in institutions of
higher learning," Rathbun contin
ued.
Sponsored by the class of '59,
the series will present three lec
tures dealing with the problem of
self-realization and the mature
man in society. The second talk,
"Issues of Life and How to Ap
proach Them," is scheduled for
March 1. The last lecture, on
March 8, will deal with "Mature
Man in His Social Setting."


Kathbun
"Stanford, Milestone for
What?" The senior class lecture
series will lie inaugurated at 7
p.m. Sunday when Dr. Harry J.
Rathbim asks this question iu the
new Physics Lecture Hall.

Rat hbun, a
Stanford law
professor, thinks
thai modern
man is thorough
ly committed to
the scientific
process and spir
it of open in
quiry.
He feels that
this quest for a
mature realiza
tion of self leads
to an evaluation

of the educational process. What
are its goals? Arc they being ful
filled? Where do they fall short?
"I feel that the purpose of edu
cation is to pass along Ilie accu
mulated wisdom of the race. Re
search adds to that fund of wis
dom and is equally important, but
must never be allowed to sup
plant teaching in institutions of
higher learning," Rathbun contin
ued.
Sponsored by the class of '59,
the series will present three lec
tures dealing with the problem of
self-realization and the mature
man in society. The second talk,
"Issues of Life and How to Ap
proach Them," is scheduled for
March 1. The last lecture, on
March 8, will deal with "Mature
Man in His Social Setting."


Kathbun
"Stanford, Milestone for
What?" The senior class lecture
series will lie inaugurated at 7
p.m. Sunday when Dr. Harry J.
Rathbim asks this question iu the
new Physics Lecture Hall.

Rat hbun, a
Stanford law
professor, thinks
thai modern
man is thorough
ly committed to
the scientific
process and spir
it of open in
quiry.
He feels that
this quest for a
mature realiza
tion of self leads
to an evaluation

of the educational process. What
are its goals? Arc they being ful
filled? Where do they fall short?
"I feel that the purpose of edu
cation is to pass along Ilie accu
mulated wisdom of the race. Re
search adds to that fund of wis
dom and is equally important, but
must never be allowed to sup
plant teaching in institutions of
higher learning," Rathbun contin
ued.
Sponsored by the class of '59,
the series will present three lec
tures dealing with the problem of
self-realization and the mature
man in society. The second talk,
"Issues of Life and How to Ap
proach Them," is scheduled for
March 1. The last lecture, on
March 8, will deal with "Mature
Man in His Social Setting."


Kathbun
"Stanford, Milestone for
What?" The senior class lecture
series will lie inaugurated at 7
p.m. Sunday when Dr. Harry J.
Rathbim asks this question iu the
new Physics Lecture Hall.

Rat hbun, a
Stanford law
professor, thinks
thai modern
man is thorough
ly committed to
the scientific
process and spir
it of open in
quiry.
He feels that
this quest for a
mature realiza
tion of self leads
to an evaluation

of the educational process. What
are its goals? Arc they being ful
filled? Where do they fall short?
"I feel that the purpose of edu
cation is to pass along Ilie accu
mulated wisdom of the race. Re
search adds to that fund of wis
dom and is equally important, but
must never be allowed to sup
plant teaching in institutions of
higher learning," Rathbun contin
ued.
Sponsored by the class of '59,
the series will present three lec
tures dealing with the problem of
self-realization and the mature
man in society. The second talk,
"Issues of Life and How to Ap
proach Them," is scheduled for
March 1. The last lecture, on
March 8, will deal with "Mature
Man in His Social Setting."


Kathbun
"Stanford, Milestone for
What?" The senior class lecture
series will lie inaugurated at 7
p.m. Sunday when Dr. Harry J.
Rathbim asks this question iu the
new Physics Lecture Hall.

Rat hbun, a
Stanford law
professor, thinks
thai modern
man is thorough
ly committed to
the scientific
process and spir
it of open in
quiry.
He feels that
this quest for a
mature realiza
tion of self leads
to an evaluation

of the educational process. What
are its goals? Arc they being ful
filled? Where do they fall short?
"I feel that the purpose of edu
cation is to pass along Ilie accu
mulated wisdom of the race. Re
search adds to that fund of wis
dom and is equally important, but
must never be allowed to sup
plant teaching in institutions of
higher learning," Rathbun contin
ued.
Sponsored by the class of '59,
the series will present three lec
tures dealing with the problem of
self-realization and the mature
man in society. The second talk,
"Issues of Life and How to Ap
proach Them," is scheduled for
March 1. The last lecture, on
March 8, will deal with "Mature
Man in His Social Setting."


Kathbun
"Stanford, Milestone for
What?" The senior class lecture
series will lie inaugurated at 7
p.m. Sunday when Dr. Harry J.
Rathbim asks this question iu the
new Physics Lecture Hall.

Rat hbun, a
Stanford law
professor, thinks
thai modern
man is thorough
ly committed to
the scientific
process and spir
it of open in
quiry.
He feels that
this quest for a
mature realiza
tion of self leads
to an evaluation

of the educational process. What
are its goals? Arc they being ful
filled? Where do they fall short?
"I feel that the purpose of edu
cation is to pass along Ilie accu
mulated wisdom of the race. Re
search adds to that fund of wis
dom and is equally important, but
must never be allowed to sup
plant teaching in institutions of
higher learning," Rathbun contin
ued.
Sponsored by the class of '59,
the series will present three lec
tures dealing with the problem of
self-realization and the mature
man in society. The second talk,
"Issues of Life and How to Ap
proach Them," is scheduled for
March 1. The last lecture, on
March 8, will deal with "Mature
Man in His Social Setting."


Kathbun
"Stanford, Milestone for
What?" The senior class lecture
series will lie inaugurated at 7
p.m. Sunday when Dr. Harry J.
Rathbim asks this question iu the
new Physics Lecture Hall.

Rat hbun, a
Stanford law
professor, thinks
thai modern
man is thorough
ly committed to
the scientific
process and spir
it of open in
quiry.
He feels that
this quest for a
mature realiza
tion of self leads
to an evaluation

of the educational process. What
are its goals? Arc they being ful
filled? Where do they fall short?
"I feel that the purpose of edu
cation is to pass along Ilie accu
mulated wisdom of the race. Re
search adds to that fund of wis
dom and is equally important, but
must never be allowed to sup
plant teaching in institutions of
higher learning," Rathbun contin
ued.
Sponsored by the class of '59,
the series will present three lec
tures dealing with the problem of
self-realization and the mature
man in society. The second talk,
"Issues of Life and How to Ap
proach Them," is scheduled for
March 1. The last lecture, on
March 8, will deal with "Mature
Man in His Social Setting."


Kathbun
