# Editors' meeting
## 
### 
Today at noon there will be a meet
ing of all department editors in the
Daily offices. The usual gourmet
lunch will be provided. The meeting
is an "important planning session,'
according to head honcho Craig De
nnis.
Today at noon there will be a meet
ing of all department editors in the
Daily offices. The usual gourmet
lunch will be provided. The meeting
is an "important planning session,'
according to head honcho Craig De
nnis.
Today at noon there will be a meet
ing of all department editors in the
Daily offices. The usual gourmet
lunch will be provided. The meeting
is an "important planning session,'
according to head honcho Craig De
nnis.
Today at noon there will be a meet
ing of all department editors in the
Daily offices. The usual gourmet
lunch will be provided. The meeting
is an "important planning session,'
according to head honcho Craig De
nnis.
Today at noon there will be a meet
ing of all department editors in the
Daily offices. The usual gourmet
lunch will be provided. The meeting
is an "important planning session,'
according to head honcho Craig De
nnis.
Today at noon there will be a meet
ing of all department editors in the
Daily offices. The usual gourmet
lunch will be provided. The meeting
is an "important planning session,'
according to head honcho Craig De
nnis.
Today at noon there will be a meet
ing of all department editors in the
Daily offices. The usual gourmet
lunch will be provided. The meeting
is an "important planning session,'
according to head honcho Craig De
nnis.
Today at noon there will be a meet
ing of all department editors in the
Daily offices. The usual gourmet
lunch will be provided. The meeting
is an "important planning session,'
according to head honcho Craig De
nnis.
Today at noon there will be a meet
ing of all department editors in the
Daily offices. The usual gourmet
lunch will be provided. The meeting
is an "important planning session,'
according to head honcho Craig De
nnis.
Today at noon there will be a meet
ing of all department editors in the
Daily offices. The usual gourmet
lunch will be provided. The meeting
is an "important planning session,'
according to head honcho Craig De
nnis.
Today at noon there will be a meet
ing of all department editors in the
Daily offices. The usual gourmet
lunch will be provided. The meeting
is an "important planning session,'
according to head honcho Craig De
nnis.
Today at noon there will be a meet
ing of all department editors in the
Daily offices. The usual gourmet
lunch will be provided. The meeting
is an "important planning session,'
according to head honcho Craig De
nnis.
Today at noon there will be a meet
ing of all department editors in the
Daily offices. The usual gourmet
lunch will be provided. The meeting
is an "important planning session,'
according to head honcho Craig De
nnis.
