# opinions
## Editorial Stop pretending 
### 
Well, the Faculty Senate finally
made official last week what
everyone already knew: There is no
Dead Week. Instead of calling their
resolution the "Dead Week Policy
Statement," the senate should have
dubbed it the "Business as Usual
Policy Statement."
The "new" or "clarified" policy
says classes can go on as usual dur
ing Dead Week. This leaves only one
week-end before examinations in
which students are supposed to as
similate all the knowledge they ac
quire in the first nine weeks of the
quarter, a formidable task indeed.
If the University genuinely feels
that a period of contemplation and
review is necessary before examina
tions, then it should stop pretending

we have a Dead Week and actually
institute one.
We feel the idea of Dead Week is a
good one. And we think that sus
pending all classes and laboratory
sessions for a short period before
examinations begin is part of this
idea.
We therefore propose a three-day
reading period prior to examina
tions with ground rules similar to
those that Yale has adopted for its
reading period, i.e. no classes, no
labs and no additional assignments.
We think it is entirely reasonable to
afford students five days instead of
two in which to relate what went on
in the first week of classes to what
went on in the last.
