# Pollwatchers needed
## 
### 
Pollwatchers for the ASSU elec
tions Oct. 12 and 13 are needed.
Workers are paid $2.75 an hour. In
terested persons should sign up in
the ASSU office.
Pollwatchers for the ASSU elec
tions Oct. 12 and 13 are needed.
Workers are paid $2.75 an hour. In
terested persons should sign up in
the ASSU office.
Pollwatchers for the ASSU elec
tions Oct. 12 and 13 are needed.
Workers are paid $2.75 an hour. In
terested persons should sign up in
the ASSU office.
Pollwatchers for the ASSU elec
tions Oct. 12 and 13 are needed.
Workers are paid $2.75 an hour. In
terested persons should sign up in
the ASSU office.
Pollwatchers for the ASSU elec
tions Oct. 12 and 13 are needed.
Workers are paid $2.75 an hour. In
terested persons should sign up in
the ASSU office.
Pollwatchers for the ASSU elec
tions Oct. 12 and 13 are needed.
Workers are paid $2.75 an hour. In
terested persons should sign up in
the ASSU office.
Pollwatchers for the ASSU elec
tions Oct. 12 and 13 are needed.
Workers are paid $2.75 an hour. In
terested persons should sign up in
the ASSU office.
Pollwatchers for the ASSU elec
tions Oct. 12 and 13 are needed.
Workers are paid $2.75 an hour. In
terested persons should sign up in
the ASSU office.
Pollwatchers for the ASSU elec
tions Oct. 12 and 13 are needed.
Workers are paid $2.75 an hour. In
terested persons should sign up in
the ASSU office.
Pollwatchers for the ASSU elec
tions Oct. 12 and 13 are needed.
Workers are paid $2.75 an hour. In
terested persons should sign up in
the ASSU office.
Pollwatchers for the ASSU elec
tions Oct. 12 and 13 are needed.
Workers are paid $2.75 an hour. In
terested persons should sign up in
the ASSU office.
Pollwatchers for the ASSU elec
tions Oct. 12 and 13 are needed.
Workers are paid $2.75 an hour. In
terested persons should sign up in
the ASSU office.
Pollwatchers for the ASSU elec
tions Oct. 12 and 13 are needed.
Workers are paid $2.75 an hour. In
terested persons should sign up in
the ASSU office.
