# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Twenty-five years ago today work
was nearing completion on Stan
ford's new Union and Basketball
Pavilion.
Twenty-five years ago today work
was nearing completion on Stan
ford's new Union and Basketball
Pavilion.
Twenty-five years ago today work
was nearing completion on Stan
ford's new Union and Basketball
Pavilion.
Twenty-five years ago today work
was nearing completion on Stan
ford's new Union and Basketball
Pavilion.
Twenty-five years ago today work
was nearing completion on Stan
ford's new Union and Basketball
Pavilion.
Twenty-five years ago today work
was nearing completion on Stan
ford's new Union and Basketball
Pavilion.
Twenty-five years ago today work
was nearing completion on Stan
ford's new Union and Basketball
Pavilion.
Twenty-five years ago today work
was nearing completion on Stan
ford's new Union and Basketball
Pavilion.
Twenty-five years ago today work
was nearing completion on Stan
ford's new Union and Basketball
Pavilion.
Twenty-five years ago today work
was nearing completion on Stan
ford's new Union and Basketball
Pavilion.
Twenty-five years ago today work
was nearing completion on Stan
ford's new Union and Basketball
Pavilion.
Twenty-five years ago today work
was nearing completion on Stan
ford's new Union and Basketball
Pavilion.
Twenty-five years ago today work
was nearing completion on Stan
ford's new Union and Basketball
Pavilion.
Twenty-five years ago today work
was nearing completion on Stan
ford's new Union and Basketball
Pavilion.
Twenty-five years ago today work
was nearing completion on Stan
ford's new Union and Basketball
Pavilion.
Twenty-five years ago today work
was nearing completion on Stan
ford's new Union and Basketball
Pavilion.
