# Car Owners Asked To Walk to Stadium
## 
### 
Students arc requested to avoid
driving to the U.S.C. game if
possible. Parking facilities are
scarcely adequate to handle tlie
15,000 to 20,000 cars that are cx
pcctcd.
Students arc requested to avoid
driving to the U.S.C. game if
possible. Parking facilities are
scarcely adequate to handle tlie
15,000 to 20,000 cars that are cx
pcctcd.
Students arc requested to avoid
driving to the U.S.C. game if
possible. Parking facilities are
scarcely adequate to handle tlie
15,000 to 20,000 cars that are cx
pcctcd.
Students arc requested to avoid
driving to the U.S.C. game if
possible. Parking facilities are
scarcely adequate to handle tlie
15,000 to 20,000 cars that are cx
pcctcd.
Students arc requested to avoid
driving to the U.S.C. game if
possible. Parking facilities are
scarcely adequate to handle tlie
15,000 to 20,000 cars that are cx
pcctcd.
Students arc requested to avoid
driving to the U.S.C. game if
possible. Parking facilities are
scarcely adequate to handle tlie
15,000 to 20,000 cars that are cx
pcctcd.
Students arc requested to avoid
driving to the U.S.C. game if
possible. Parking facilities are
scarcely adequate to handle tlie
15,000 to 20,000 cars that are cx
pcctcd.
Students arc requested to avoid
driving to the U.S.C. game if
possible. Parking facilities are
scarcely adequate to handle tlie
15,000 to 20,000 cars that are cx
pcctcd.
Students arc requested to avoid
driving to the U.S.C. game if
possible. Parking facilities are
scarcely adequate to handle tlie
15,000 to 20,000 cars that are cx
pcctcd.
Students arc requested to avoid
driving to the U.S.C. game if
possible. Parking facilities are
scarcely adequate to handle tlie
15,000 to 20,000 cars that are cx
pcctcd.
Students arc requested to avoid
driving to the U.S.C. game if
possible. Parking facilities are
scarcely adequate to handle tlie
15,000 to 20,000 cars that are cx
pcctcd.
Students arc requested to avoid
driving to the U.S.C. game if
possible. Parking facilities are
scarcely adequate to handle tlie
15,000 to 20,000 cars that are cx
pcctcd.
Students arc requested to avoid
driving to the U.S.C. game if
possible. Parking facilities are
scarcely adequate to handle tlie
15,000 to 20,000 cars that are cx
pcctcd.
Students arc requested to avoid
driving to the U.S.C. game if
possible. Parking facilities are
scarcely adequate to handle tlie
15,000 to 20,000 cars that are cx
pcctcd.
Students arc requested to avoid
driving to the U.S.C. game if
possible. Parking facilities are
scarcely adequate to handle tlie
15,000 to 20,000 cars that are cx
pcctcd.
Students arc requested to avoid
driving to the U.S.C. game if
possible. Parking facilities are
scarcely adequate to handle tlie
15,000 to 20,000 cars that are cx
pcctcd.
