# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
N
I 10W!
a fisherman's
sweater for
n
A white sweater with
fine horizontal stripes
(your choice of sev
eral colors*. Wear it
for general knock
about use, Or for ten
nis. Or for golf—at
the beach — to class.
Its price: one silver
dollar.
PHELPSTERKEL
538 Ramona Street
N
I 10W!
a fisherman's
sweater for
n
A white sweater with
fine horizontal stripes
(your choice of sev
eral colors*. Wear it
for general knock
about use, Or for ten
nis. Or for golf—at
the beach — to class.
Its price: one silver
dollar.
PHELPSTERKEL
538 Ramona Street
N
I 10W!
a fisherman's
sweater for
n
A white sweater with
fine horizontal stripes
(your choice of sev
eral colors*. Wear it
for general knock
about use, Or for ten
nis. Or for golf—at
the beach — to class.
Its price: one silver
dollar.
PHELPSTERKEL
538 Ramona Street
N
I 10W!
a fisherman's
sweater for
n
A white sweater with
fine horizontal stripes
(your choice of sev
eral colors*. Wear it
for general knock
about use, Or for ten
nis. Or for golf—at
the beach — to class.
Its price: one silver
dollar.
PHELPSTERKEL
538 Ramona Street
N
I 10W!
a fisherman's
sweater for
n
A white sweater with
fine horizontal stripes
(your choice of sev
eral colors*. Wear it
for general knock
about use, Or for ten
nis. Or for golf—at
the beach — to class.
Its price: one silver
dollar.
PHELPSTERKEL
538 Ramona Street
N
I 10W!
a fisherman's
sweater for
n
A white sweater with
fine horizontal stripes
(your choice of sev
eral colors*. Wear it
for general knock
about use, Or for ten
nis. Or for golf—at
the beach — to class.
Its price: one silver
dollar.
PHELPSTERKEL
538 Ramona Street
N
I 10W!
a fisherman's
sweater for
n
A white sweater with
fine horizontal stripes
(your choice of sev
eral colors*. Wear it
for general knock
about use, Or for ten
nis. Or for golf—at
the beach — to class.
Its price: one silver
dollar.
PHELPSTERKEL
538 Ramona Street
N
I 10W!
a fisherman's
sweater for
n
A white sweater with
fine horizontal stripes
(your choice of sev
eral colors*. Wear it
for general knock
about use, Or for ten
nis. Or for golf—at
the beach — to class.
Its price: one silver
dollar.
PHELPSTERKEL
538 Ramona Street
N
I 10W!
a fisherman's
sweater for
n
A white sweater with
fine horizontal stripes
(your choice of sev
eral colors*. Wear it
for general knock
about use, Or for ten
nis. Or for golf—at
the beach — to class.
Its price: one silver
dollar.
PHELPSTERKEL
538 Ramona Street
N
I 10W!
a fisherman's
sweater for
n
A white sweater with
fine horizontal stripes
(your choice of sev
eral colors*. Wear it
for general knock
about use, Or for ten
nis. Or for golf—at
the beach — to class.
Its price: one silver
dollar.
PHELPSTERKEL
538 Ramona Street
N
I 10W!
a fisherman's
sweater for
n
A white sweater with
fine horizontal stripes
(your choice of sev
eral colors*. Wear it
for general knock
about use, Or for ten
nis. Or for golf—at
the beach — to class.
Its price: one silver
dollar.
PHELPSTERKEL
538 Ramona Street
N
I 10W!
a fisherman's
sweater for
n
A white sweater with
fine horizontal stripes
(your choice of sev
eral colors*. Wear it
for general knock
about use, Or for ten
nis. Or for golf—at
the beach — to class.
Its price: one silver
dollar.
PHELPSTERKEL
538 Ramona Street
N
I 10W!
a fisherman's
sweater for
n
A white sweater with
fine horizontal stripes
(your choice of sev
eral colors*. Wear it
for general knock
about use, Or for ten
nis. Or for golf—at
the beach — to class.
Its price: one silver
dollar.
PHELPSTERKEL
538 Ramona Street
N
I 10W!
a fisherman's
sweater for
n
A white sweater with
fine horizontal stripes
(your choice of sev
eral colors*. Wear it
for general knock
about use, Or for ten
nis. Or for golf—at
the beach — to class.
Its price: one silver
dollar.
PHELPSTERKEL
538 Ramona Street
N
I 10W!
a fisherman's
sweater for
n
A white sweater with
fine horizontal stripes
(your choice of sev
eral colors*. Wear it
for general knock
about use, Or for ten
nis. Or for golf—at
the beach — to class.
Its price: one silver
dollar.
PHELPSTERKEL
538 Ramona Street
