# FACULTY MEN SPEAK AT FRESNO MEETING
## 
### 
Three members of the School of
Education faculty arc scheduled to
address the tenth annual meeting of
the California Educational Research
Association to begin today at the
State Teachers College in Fresno.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears, Dr. E. P. Cub
berley, and Dr. John C. Almack are
the men slated to talk.
Dr. Scars' topic will be "The Ad
ministration of Research in Public
School Systems"; Dr. Cubberley will
speak on "Research, Pure and Ap
plied"; and Dr. Almack will discuss
the subject, "The Classification of
School Children."
Three members of the School of
Education faculty arc scheduled to
address the tenth annual meeting of
the California Educational Research
Association to begin today at the
State Teachers College in Fresno.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears, Dr. E. P. Cub
berley, and Dr. John C. Almack are
the men slated to talk.
Dr. Scars' topic will be "The Ad
ministration of Research in Public
School Systems"; Dr. Cubberley will
speak on "Research, Pure and Ap
plied"; and Dr. Almack will discuss
the subject, "The Classification of
School Children."
Three members of the School of
Education faculty arc scheduled to
address the tenth annual meeting of
the California Educational Research
Association to begin today at the
State Teachers College in Fresno.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears, Dr. E. P. Cub
berley, and Dr. John C. Almack are
the men slated to talk.
Dr. Scars' topic will be "The Ad
ministration of Research in Public
School Systems"; Dr. Cubberley will
speak on "Research, Pure and Ap
plied"; and Dr. Almack will discuss
the subject, "The Classification of
School Children."
Three members of the School of
Education faculty arc scheduled to
address the tenth annual meeting of
the California Educational Research
Association to begin today at the
State Teachers College in Fresno.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears, Dr. E. P. Cub
berley, and Dr. John C. Almack are
the men slated to talk.
Dr. Scars' topic will be "The Ad
ministration of Research in Public
School Systems"; Dr. Cubberley will
speak on "Research, Pure and Ap
plied"; and Dr. Almack will discuss
the subject, "The Classification of
School Children."
Three members of the School of
Education faculty arc scheduled to
address the tenth annual meeting of
the California Educational Research
Association to begin today at the
State Teachers College in Fresno.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears, Dr. E. P. Cub
berley, and Dr. John C. Almack are
the men slated to talk.
Dr. Scars' topic will be "The Ad
ministration of Research in Public
School Systems"; Dr. Cubberley will
speak on "Research, Pure and Ap
plied"; and Dr. Almack will discuss
the subject, "The Classification of
School Children."
Three members of the School of
Education faculty arc scheduled to
address the tenth annual meeting of
the California Educational Research
Association to begin today at the
State Teachers College in Fresno.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears, Dr. E. P. Cub
berley, and Dr. John C. Almack are
the men slated to talk.
Dr. Scars' topic will be "The Ad
ministration of Research in Public
School Systems"; Dr. Cubberley will
speak on "Research, Pure and Ap
plied"; and Dr. Almack will discuss
the subject, "The Classification of
School Children."
Three members of the School of
Education faculty arc scheduled to
address the tenth annual meeting of
the California Educational Research
Association to begin today at the
State Teachers College in Fresno.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears, Dr. E. P. Cub
berley, and Dr. John C. Almack are
the men slated to talk.
Dr. Scars' topic will be "The Ad
ministration of Research in Public
School Systems"; Dr. Cubberley will
speak on "Research, Pure and Ap
plied"; and Dr. Almack will discuss
the subject, "The Classification of
School Children."
Three members of the School of
Education faculty arc scheduled to
address the tenth annual meeting of
the California Educational Research
Association to begin today at the
State Teachers College in Fresno.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears, Dr. E. P. Cub
berley, and Dr. John C. Almack are
the men slated to talk.
Dr. Scars' topic will be "The Ad
ministration of Research in Public
School Systems"; Dr. Cubberley will
speak on "Research, Pure and Ap
plied"; and Dr. Almack will discuss
the subject, "The Classification of
School Children."
Three members of the School of
Education faculty arc scheduled to
address the tenth annual meeting of
the California Educational Research
Association to begin today at the
State Teachers College in Fresno.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears, Dr. E. P. Cub
berley, and Dr. John C. Almack are
the men slated to talk.
Dr. Scars' topic will be "The Ad
ministration of Research in Public
School Systems"; Dr. Cubberley will
speak on "Research, Pure and Ap
plied"; and Dr. Almack will discuss
the subject, "The Classification of
School Children."
Three members of the School of
Education faculty arc scheduled to
address the tenth annual meeting of
the California Educational Research
Association to begin today at the
State Teachers College in Fresno.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears, Dr. E. P. Cub
berley, and Dr. John C. Almack are
the men slated to talk.
Dr. Scars' topic will be "The Ad
ministration of Research in Public
School Systems"; Dr. Cubberley will
speak on "Research, Pure and Ap
plied"; and Dr. Almack will discuss
the subject, "The Classification of
School Children."
Three members of the School of
Education faculty arc scheduled to
address the tenth annual meeting of
the California Educational Research
Association to begin today at the
State Teachers College in Fresno.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears, Dr. E. P. Cub
berley, and Dr. John C. Almack are
the men slated to talk.
Dr. Scars' topic will be "The Ad
ministration of Research in Public
School Systems"; Dr. Cubberley will
speak on "Research, Pure and Ap
plied"; and Dr. Almack will discuss
the subject, "The Classification of
School Children."
Three members of the School of
Education faculty arc scheduled to
address the tenth annual meeting of
the California Educational Research
Association to begin today at the
State Teachers College in Fresno.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears, Dr. E. P. Cub
berley, and Dr. John C. Almack are
the men slated to talk.
Dr. Scars' topic will be "The Ad
ministration of Research in Public
School Systems"; Dr. Cubberley will
speak on "Research, Pure and Ap
plied"; and Dr. Almack will discuss
the subject, "The Classification of
School Children."
Three members of the School of
Education faculty arc scheduled to
address the tenth annual meeting of
the California Educational Research
Association to begin today at the
State Teachers College in Fresno.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears, Dr. E. P. Cub
berley, and Dr. John C. Almack are
the men slated to talk.
Dr. Scars' topic will be "The Ad
ministration of Research in Public
School Systems"; Dr. Cubberley will
speak on "Research, Pure and Ap
plied"; and Dr. Almack will discuss
the subject, "The Classification of
School Children."
Three members of the School of
Education faculty arc scheduled to
address the tenth annual meeting of
the California Educational Research
Association to begin today at the
State Teachers College in Fresno.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears, Dr. E. P. Cub
berley, and Dr. John C. Almack are
the men slated to talk.
Dr. Scars' topic will be "The Ad
ministration of Research in Public
School Systems"; Dr. Cubberley will
speak on "Research, Pure and Ap
plied"; and Dr. Almack will discuss
the subject, "The Classification of
School Children."
Three members of the School of
Education faculty arc scheduled to
address the tenth annual meeting of
the California Educational Research
Association to begin today at the
State Teachers College in Fresno.
Dr. Jesse B. Sears, Dr. E. P. Cub
berley, and Dr. John C. Almack are
the men slated to talk.
Dr. Scars' topic will be "The Ad
ministration of Research in Public
School Systems"; Dr. Cubberley will
speak on "Research, Pure and Ap
plied"; and Dr. Almack will discuss
the subject, "The Classification of
School Children."
