# MASTERS DECLAIMS DECISION TO HEAT BASKETBALL ARENA
## 
### 
The action of the Executive Com
mittee in appropriating $1,000 for
the installation of a heating system
in the Pavilion was hasty and pre
mature, according to A1 Masters,
General Manager of the Board of
Athletic Conrtol.
At the present time the possible
cost of such an undertaking is un
known, although a survey of pos
sible costs is being carried out at
the present time under the supervi
sion of Ernest S. Erwin, assistant
comptroller.
Until the approximate cost is de
termined, no further action will be
taken by the B.A.C. in whose charge
the Pavilion is, Masters stated yes
terday.

A woman in Ecuador attempted to
lecture on "The Evolution of Catho
licism." fit squad of cavalry was
called to rescue her from an angry
mob.
The action of the Executive Com
mittee in appropriating $1,000 for
the installation of a heating system
in the Pavilion was hasty and pre
mature, according to A1 Masters,
General Manager of the Board of
Athletic Conrtol.
At the present time the possible
cost of such an undertaking is un
known, although a survey of pos
sible costs is being carried out at
the present time under the supervi
sion of Ernest S. Erwin, assistant
comptroller.
Until the approximate cost is de
termined, no further action will be
taken by the B.A.C. in whose charge
the Pavilion is, Masters stated yes
terday.

A woman in Ecuador attempted to
lecture on "The Evolution of Catho
licism." fit squad of cavalry was
called to rescue her from an angry
mob.
The action of the Executive Com
mittee in appropriating $1,000 for
the installation of a heating system
in the Pavilion was hasty and pre
mature, according to A1 Masters,
General Manager of the Board of
Athletic Conrtol.
At the present time the possible
cost of such an undertaking is un
known, although a survey of pos
sible costs is being carried out at
the present time under the supervi
sion of Ernest S. Erwin, assistant
comptroller.
Until the approximate cost is de
termined, no further action will be
taken by the B.A.C. in whose charge
the Pavilion is, Masters stated yes
terday.

A woman in Ecuador attempted to
lecture on "The Evolution of Catho
licism." fit squad of cavalry was
called to rescue her from an angry
mob.
The action of the Executive Com
mittee in appropriating $1,000 for
the installation of a heating system
in the Pavilion was hasty and pre
mature, according to A1 Masters,
General Manager of the Board of
Athletic Conrtol.
At the present time the possible
cost of such an undertaking is un
known, although a survey of pos
sible costs is being carried out at
the present time under the supervi
sion of Ernest S. Erwin, assistant
comptroller.
Until the approximate cost is de
termined, no further action will be
taken by the B.A.C. in whose charge
the Pavilion is, Masters stated yes
terday.

A woman in Ecuador attempted to
lecture on "The Evolution of Catho
licism." fit squad of cavalry was
called to rescue her from an angry
mob.
The action of the Executive Com
mittee in appropriating $1,000 for
the installation of a heating system
in the Pavilion was hasty and pre
mature, according to A1 Masters,
General Manager of the Board of
Athletic Conrtol.
At the present time the possible
cost of such an undertaking is un
known, although a survey of pos
sible costs is being carried out at
the present time under the supervi
sion of Ernest S. Erwin, assistant
comptroller.
Until the approximate cost is de
termined, no further action will be
taken by the B.A.C. in whose charge
the Pavilion is, Masters stated yes
terday.

A woman in Ecuador attempted to
lecture on "The Evolution of Catho
licism." fit squad of cavalry was
called to rescue her from an angry
mob.
The action of the Executive Com
mittee in appropriating $1,000 for
the installation of a heating system
in the Pavilion was hasty and pre
mature, according to A1 Masters,
General Manager of the Board of
Athletic Conrtol.
At the present time the possible
cost of such an undertaking is un
known, although a survey of pos
sible costs is being carried out at
the present time under the supervi
sion of Ernest S. Erwin, assistant
comptroller.
Until the approximate cost is de
termined, no further action will be
taken by the B.A.C. in whose charge
the Pavilion is, Masters stated yes
terday.

A woman in Ecuador attempted to
lecture on "The Evolution of Catho
licism." fit squad of cavalry was
called to rescue her from an angry
mob.
The action of the Executive Com
mittee in appropriating $1,000 for
the installation of a heating system
in the Pavilion was hasty and pre
mature, according to A1 Masters,
General Manager of the Board of
Athletic Conrtol.
At the present time the possible
cost of such an undertaking is un
known, although a survey of pos
sible costs is being carried out at
the present time under the supervi
sion of Ernest S. Erwin, assistant
comptroller.
Until the approximate cost is de
termined, no further action will be
taken by the B.A.C. in whose charge
the Pavilion is, Masters stated yes
terday.

A woman in Ecuador attempted to
lecture on "The Evolution of Catho
licism." fit squad of cavalry was
called to rescue her from an angry
mob.
The action of the Executive Com
mittee in appropriating $1,000 for
the installation of a heating system
in the Pavilion was hasty and pre
mature, according to A1 Masters,
General Manager of the Board of
Athletic Conrtol.
At the present time the possible
cost of such an undertaking is un
known, although a survey of pos
sible costs is being carried out at
the present time under the supervi
sion of Ernest S. Erwin, assistant
comptroller.
Until the approximate cost is de
termined, no further action will be
taken by the B.A.C. in whose charge
the Pavilion is, Masters stated yes
terday.

A woman in Ecuador attempted to
lecture on "The Evolution of Catho
licism." fit squad of cavalry was
called to rescue her from an angry
mob.
The action of the Executive Com
mittee in appropriating $1,000 for
the installation of a heating system
in the Pavilion was hasty and pre
mature, according to A1 Masters,
General Manager of the Board of
Athletic Conrtol.
At the present time the possible
cost of such an undertaking is un
known, although a survey of pos
sible costs is being carried out at
the present time under the supervi
sion of Ernest S. Erwin, assistant
comptroller.
Until the approximate cost is de
termined, no further action will be
taken by the B.A.C. in whose charge
the Pavilion is, Masters stated yes
terday.

A woman in Ecuador attempted to
lecture on "The Evolution of Catho
licism." fit squad of cavalry was
called to rescue her from an angry
mob.
The action of the Executive Com
mittee in appropriating $1,000 for
the installation of a heating system
in the Pavilion was hasty and pre
mature, according to A1 Masters,
General Manager of the Board of
Athletic Conrtol.
At the present time the possible
cost of such an undertaking is un
known, although a survey of pos
sible costs is being carried out at
the present time under the supervi
sion of Ernest S. Erwin, assistant
comptroller.
Until the approximate cost is de
termined, no further action will be
taken by the B.A.C. in whose charge
the Pavilion is, Masters stated yes
terday.

A woman in Ecuador attempted to
lecture on "The Evolution of Catho
licism." fit squad of cavalry was
called to rescue her from an angry
mob.
The action of the Executive Com
mittee in appropriating $1,000 for
the installation of a heating system
in the Pavilion was hasty and pre
mature, according to A1 Masters,
General Manager of the Board of
Athletic Conrtol.
At the present time the possible
cost of such an undertaking is un
known, although a survey of pos
sible costs is being carried out at
the present time under the supervi
sion of Ernest S. Erwin, assistant
comptroller.
Until the approximate cost is de
termined, no further action will be
taken by the B.A.C. in whose charge
the Pavilion is, Masters stated yes
terday.

A woman in Ecuador attempted to
lecture on "The Evolution of Catho
licism." fit squad of cavalry was
called to rescue her from an angry
mob.
The action of the Executive Com
mittee in appropriating $1,000 for
the installation of a heating system
in the Pavilion was hasty and pre
mature, according to A1 Masters,
General Manager of the Board of
Athletic Conrtol.
At the present time the possible
cost of such an undertaking is un
known, although a survey of pos
sible costs is being carried out at
the present time under the supervi
sion of Ernest S. Erwin, assistant
comptroller.
Until the approximate cost is de
termined, no further action will be
taken by the B.A.C. in whose charge
the Pavilion is, Masters stated yes
terday.

A woman in Ecuador attempted to
lecture on "The Evolution of Catho
licism." fit squad of cavalry was
called to rescue her from an angry
mob.
The action of the Executive Com
mittee in appropriating $1,000 for
the installation of a heating system
in the Pavilion was hasty and pre
mature, according to A1 Masters,
General Manager of the Board of
Athletic Conrtol.
At the present time the possible
cost of such an undertaking is un
known, although a survey of pos
sible costs is being carried out at
the present time under the supervi
sion of Ernest S. Erwin, assistant
comptroller.
Until the approximate cost is de
termined, no further action will be
taken by the B.A.C. in whose charge
the Pavilion is, Masters stated yes
terday.

A woman in Ecuador attempted to
lecture on "The Evolution of Catho
licism." fit squad of cavalry was
called to rescue her from an angry
mob.
The action of the Executive Com
mittee in appropriating $1,000 for
the installation of a heating system
in the Pavilion was hasty and pre
mature, according to A1 Masters,
General Manager of the Board of
Athletic Conrtol.
At the present time the possible
cost of such an undertaking is un
known, although a survey of pos
sible costs is being carried out at
the present time under the supervi
sion of Ernest S. Erwin, assistant
comptroller.
Until the approximate cost is de
termined, no further action will be
taken by the B.A.C. in whose charge
the Pavilion is, Masters stated yes
terday.

A woman in Ecuador attempted to
lecture on "The Evolution of Catho
licism." fit squad of cavalry was
called to rescue her from an angry
mob.
The action of the Executive Com
mittee in appropriating $1,000 for
the installation of a heating system
in the Pavilion was hasty and pre
mature, according to A1 Masters,
General Manager of the Board of
Athletic Conrtol.
At the present time the possible
cost of such an undertaking is un
known, although a survey of pos
sible costs is being carried out at
the present time under the supervi
sion of Ernest S. Erwin, assistant
comptroller.
Until the approximate cost is de
termined, no further action will be
taken by the B.A.C. in whose charge
the Pavilion is, Masters stated yes
terday.

A woman in Ecuador attempted to
lecture on "The Evolution of Catho
licism." fit squad of cavalry was
called to rescue her from an angry
mob.
