# University Calendar.
## 
### 
Oct. 16, Junior Plug Ugly, foot
ball field.
Oct. 17, Alumni vs. Varsity, cam
pus.
Oct. 17, Freshman football rally.
Oct. 18, Intercollegiate Freshman
game, Berkeley.
Oct. 25, Nevada vs. Varsity, cam
pus.
Oct. 31, Sophomore minstrels.
Oct. 16, Junior Plug Ugly, foot
ball field.
Oct. 17, Alumni vs. Varsity, cam
pus.
Oct. 17, Freshman football rally.
Oct. 18, Intercollegiate Freshman
game, Berkeley.
Oct. 25, Nevada vs. Varsity, cam
pus.
Oct. 31, Sophomore minstrels.
Oct. 16, Junior Plug Ugly, foot
ball field.
Oct. 17, Alumni vs. Varsity, cam
pus.
Oct. 17, Freshman football rally.
Oct. 18, Intercollegiate Freshman
game, Berkeley.
Oct. 25, Nevada vs. Varsity, cam
pus.
Oct. 31, Sophomore minstrels.
Oct. 16, Junior Plug Ugly, foot
ball field.
Oct. 17, Alumni vs. Varsity, cam
pus.
Oct. 17, Freshman football rally.
Oct. 18, Intercollegiate Freshman
game, Berkeley.
Oct. 25, Nevada vs. Varsity, cam
pus.
Oct. 31, Sophomore minstrels.
Oct. 16, Junior Plug Ugly, foot
ball field.
Oct. 17, Alumni vs. Varsity, cam
pus.
Oct. 17, Freshman football rally.
Oct. 18, Intercollegiate Freshman
game, Berkeley.
Oct. 25, Nevada vs. Varsity, cam
pus.
Oct. 31, Sophomore minstrels.
Oct. 16, Junior Plug Ugly, foot
ball field.
Oct. 17, Alumni vs. Varsity, cam
pus.
Oct. 17, Freshman football rally.
Oct. 18, Intercollegiate Freshman
game, Berkeley.
Oct. 25, Nevada vs. Varsity, cam
pus.
Oct. 31, Sophomore minstrels.
Oct. 16, Junior Plug Ugly, foot
ball field.
Oct. 17, Alumni vs. Varsity, cam
pus.
Oct. 17, Freshman football rally.
Oct. 18, Intercollegiate Freshman
game, Berkeley.
Oct. 25, Nevada vs. Varsity, cam
pus.
Oct. 31, Sophomore minstrels.
Oct. 16, Junior Plug Ugly, foot
ball field.
Oct. 17, Alumni vs. Varsity, cam
pus.
Oct. 17, Freshman football rally.
Oct. 18, Intercollegiate Freshman
game, Berkeley.
Oct. 25, Nevada vs. Varsity, cam
pus.
Oct. 31, Sophomore minstrels.
