# Untitled Article
## 
### 

"Form" is Al White's
long suit; the swan
dive is the dive show
ing the prettiest form.
This is the result.
White is practically
assured of a place on
the American team
at the Olympic Games

"Form" is Al White's
long suit; the swan
dive is the dive show
ing the prettiest form.
This is the result.
White is practically
assured of a place on
the American team
at the Olympic Games

"Form" is Al White's
long suit; the swan
dive is the dive show
ing the prettiest form.
This is the result.
White is practically
assured of a place on
the American team
at the Olympic Games

"Form" is Al White's
long suit; the swan
dive is the dive show
ing the prettiest form.
This is the result.
White is practically
assured of a place on
the American team
at the Olympic Games

"Form" is Al White's
long suit; the swan
dive is the dive show
ing the prettiest form.
This is the result.
White is practically
assured of a place on
the American team
at the Olympic Games

"Form" is Al White's
long suit; the swan
dive is the dive show
ing the prettiest form.
This is the result.
White is practically
assured of a place on
the American team
at the Olympic Games

"Form" is Al White's
long suit; the swan
dive is the dive show
ing the prettiest form.
This is the result.
White is practically
assured of a place on
the American team
at the Olympic Games

"Form" is Al White's
long suit; the swan
dive is the dive show
ing the prettiest form.
This is the result.
White is practically
assured of a place on
the American team
at the Olympic Games

"Form" is Al White's
long suit; the swan
dive is the dive show
ing the prettiest form.
This is the result.
White is practically
assured of a place on
the American team
at the Olympic Games

"Form" is Al White's
long suit; the swan
dive is the dive show
ing the prettiest form.
This is the result.
White is practically
assured of a place on
the American team
at the Olympic Games

"Form" is Al White's
long suit; the swan
dive is the dive show
ing the prettiest form.
This is the result.
White is practically
assured of a place on
the American team
at the Olympic Games

"Form" is Al White's
long suit; the swan
dive is the dive show
ing the prettiest form.
This is the result.
White is practically
assured of a place on
the American team
at the Olympic Games

"Form" is Al White's
long suit; the swan
dive is the dive show
ing the prettiest form.
This is the result.
White is practically
assured of a place on
the American team
at the Olympic Games

"Form" is Al White's
long suit; the swan
dive is the dive show
ing the prettiest form.
This is the result.
White is practically
assured of a place on
the American team
at the Olympic Games

"Form" is Al White's
long suit; the swan
dive is the dive show
ing the prettiest form.
This is the result.
White is practically
assured of a place on
the American team
at the Olympic Games

"Form" is Al White's
long suit; the swan
dive is the dive show
ing the prettiest form.
This is the result.
White is practically
assured of a place on
the American team
at the Olympic Games
