# STANFORD MAN DIES IN L. A. HOSPITAL
## 
### 
Earl Glauber, '25, died this morning
at a Los Angeles hospital of an infec
tion of the appendix. He was taken
sick while driving to Los Angelas at
the close of (he autumn quarter, and
was confined to the hospital until his
death.
Glauber was a member of the 1!>22
Football Frothies cast, and has writ
ten music for several campus dra
matic. productions. He was a member
of Music Club.
Earl Glauber, '25, died this morning
at a Los Angeles hospital of an infec
tion of the appendix. He was taken
sick while driving to Los Angelas at
the close of (he autumn quarter, and
was confined to the hospital until his
death.
Glauber was a member of the 1!>22
Football Frothies cast, and has writ
ten music for several campus dra
matic. productions. He was a member
of Music Club.
Earl Glauber, '25, died this morning
at a Los Angeles hospital of an infec
tion of the appendix. He was taken
sick while driving to Los Angelas at
the close of (he autumn quarter, and
was confined to the hospital until his
death.
Glauber was a member of the 1!>22
Football Frothies cast, and has writ
ten music for several campus dra
matic. productions. He was a member
of Music Club.
Earl Glauber, '25, died this morning
at a Los Angeles hospital of an infec
tion of the appendix. He was taken
sick while driving to Los Angelas at
the close of (he autumn quarter, and
was confined to the hospital until his
death.
Glauber was a member of the 1!>22
Football Frothies cast, and has writ
ten music for several campus dra
matic. productions. He was a member
of Music Club.
Earl Glauber, '25, died this morning
at a Los Angeles hospital of an infec
tion of the appendix. He was taken
sick while driving to Los Angelas at
the close of (he autumn quarter, and
was confined to the hospital until his
death.
Glauber was a member of the 1!>22
Football Frothies cast, and has writ
ten music for several campus dra
matic. productions. He was a member
of Music Club.
Earl Glauber, '25, died this morning
at a Los Angeles hospital of an infec
tion of the appendix. He was taken
sick while driving to Los Angelas at
the close of (he autumn quarter, and
was confined to the hospital until his
death.
Glauber was a member of the 1!>22
Football Frothies cast, and has writ
ten music for several campus dra
matic. productions. He was a member
of Music Club.
Earl Glauber, '25, died this morning
at a Los Angeles hospital of an infec
tion of the appendix. He was taken
sick while driving to Los Angelas at
the close of (he autumn quarter, and
was confined to the hospital until his
death.
Glauber was a member of the 1!>22
Football Frothies cast, and has writ
ten music for several campus dra
matic. productions. He was a member
of Music Club.
Earl Glauber, '25, died this morning
at a Los Angeles hospital of an infec
tion of the appendix. He was taken
sick while driving to Los Angelas at
the close of (he autumn quarter, and
was confined to the hospital until his
death.
Glauber was a member of the 1!>22
Football Frothies cast, and has writ
ten music for several campus dra
matic. productions. He was a member
of Music Club.
Earl Glauber, '25, died this morning
at a Los Angeles hospital of an infec
tion of the appendix. He was taken
sick while driving to Los Angelas at
the close of (he autumn quarter, and
was confined to the hospital until his
death.
Glauber was a member of the 1!>22
Football Frothies cast, and has writ
ten music for several campus dra
matic. productions. He was a member
of Music Club.
Earl Glauber, '25, died this morning
at a Los Angeles hospital of an infec
tion of the appendix. He was taken
sick while driving to Los Angelas at
the close of (he autumn quarter, and
was confined to the hospital until his
death.
Glauber was a member of the 1!>22
Football Frothies cast, and has writ
ten music for several campus dra
matic. productions. He was a member
of Music Club.
Earl Glauber, '25, died this morning
at a Los Angeles hospital of an infec
tion of the appendix. He was taken
sick while driving to Los Angelas at
the close of (he autumn quarter, and
was confined to the hospital until his
death.
Glauber was a member of the 1!>22
Football Frothies cast, and has writ
ten music for several campus dra
matic. productions. He was a member
of Music Club.
Earl Glauber, '25, died this morning
at a Los Angeles hospital of an infec
tion of the appendix. He was taken
sick while driving to Los Angelas at
the close of (he autumn quarter, and
was confined to the hospital until his
death.
Glauber was a member of the 1!>22
Football Frothies cast, and has writ
ten music for several campus dra
matic. productions. He was a member
of Music Club.
Earl Glauber, '25, died this morning
at a Los Angeles hospital of an infec
tion of the appendix. He was taken
sick while driving to Los Angelas at
the close of (he autumn quarter, and
was confined to the hospital until his
death.
Glauber was a member of the 1!>22
Football Frothies cast, and has writ
ten music for several campus dra
matic. productions. He was a member
of Music Club.
Earl Glauber, '25, died this morning
at a Los Angeles hospital of an infec
tion of the appendix. He was taken
sick while driving to Los Angelas at
the close of (he autumn quarter, and
was confined to the hospital until his
death.
Glauber was a member of the 1!>22
Football Frothies cast, and has writ
ten music for several campus dra
matic. productions. He was a member
of Music Club.
Earl Glauber, '25, died this morning
at a Los Angeles hospital of an infec
tion of the appendix. He was taken
sick while driving to Los Angelas at
the close of (he autumn quarter, and
was confined to the hospital until his
death.
Glauber was a member of the 1!>22
Football Frothies cast, and has writ
ten music for several campus dra
matic. productions. He was a member
of Music Club.
Earl Glauber, '25, died this morning
at a Los Angeles hospital of an infec
tion of the appendix. He was taken
sick while driving to Los Angelas at
the close of (he autumn quarter, and
was confined to the hospital until his
death.
Glauber was a member of the 1!>22
Football Frothies cast, and has writ
ten music for several campus dra
matic. productions. He was a member
of Music Club.
