# Under the Weather
## 
### 
■solution Hospital — John Ben
nett.
Men's Rest Home- Kenneth Re
genos.
Women's Rest Home—Patricia
Dobson.
■solution Hospital — John Ben
nett.
Men's Rest Home- Kenneth Re
genos.
Women's Rest Home—Patricia
Dobson.
■solution Hospital — John Ben
nett.
Men's Rest Home- Kenneth Re
genos.
Women's Rest Home—Patricia
Dobson.
■solution Hospital — John Ben
nett.
Men's Rest Home- Kenneth Re
genos.
Women's Rest Home—Patricia
Dobson.
■solution Hospital — John Ben
nett.
Men's Rest Home- Kenneth Re
genos.
Women's Rest Home—Patricia
Dobson.
■solution Hospital — John Ben
nett.
Men's Rest Home- Kenneth Re
genos.
Women's Rest Home—Patricia
Dobson.
■solution Hospital — John Ben
nett.
Men's Rest Home- Kenneth Re
genos.
Women's Rest Home—Patricia
Dobson.
■solution Hospital — John Ben
nett.
Men's Rest Home- Kenneth Re
genos.
Women's Rest Home—Patricia
Dobson.
■solution Hospital — John Ben
nett.
Men's Rest Home- Kenneth Re
genos.
Women's Rest Home—Patricia
Dobson.
■solution Hospital — John Ben
nett.
Men's Rest Home- Kenneth Re
genos.
Women's Rest Home—Patricia
Dobson.
■solution Hospital — John Ben
nett.
Men's Rest Home- Kenneth Re
genos.
Women's Rest Home—Patricia
Dobson.
■solution Hospital — John Ben
nett.
Men's Rest Home- Kenneth Re
genos.
Women's Rest Home—Patricia
Dobson.
■solution Hospital — John Ben
nett.
Men's Rest Home- Kenneth Re
genos.
Women's Rest Home—Patricia
Dobson.
■solution Hospital — John Ben
nett.
Men's Rest Home- Kenneth Re
genos.
Women's Rest Home—Patricia
Dobson.
■solution Hospital — John Ben
nett.
Men's Rest Home- Kenneth Re
genos.
Women's Rest Home—Patricia
Dobson.
