# Grad Mixer to Be Held Sunday at Chez Yvonne
## 
### 
The graduate class will hold a
mixer at Chez Yvonne from 9 to
12 midnight Sunday. All graduate
students are invited. A graduate
cocktail hour will be held at
Frank's on Friday between 4 and
G p.m.
The graduate class will hold a
mixer at Chez Yvonne from 9 to
12 midnight Sunday. All graduate
students are invited. A graduate
cocktail hour will be held at
Frank's on Friday between 4 and
G p.m.
The graduate class will hold a
mixer at Chez Yvonne from 9 to
12 midnight Sunday. All graduate
students are invited. A graduate
cocktail hour will be held at
Frank's on Friday between 4 and
G p.m.
The graduate class will hold a
mixer at Chez Yvonne from 9 to
12 midnight Sunday. All graduate
students are invited. A graduate
cocktail hour will be held at
Frank's on Friday between 4 and
G p.m.
The graduate class will hold a
mixer at Chez Yvonne from 9 to
12 midnight Sunday. All graduate
students are invited. A graduate
cocktail hour will be held at
Frank's on Friday between 4 and
G p.m.
The graduate class will hold a
mixer at Chez Yvonne from 9 to
12 midnight Sunday. All graduate
students are invited. A graduate
cocktail hour will be held at
Frank's on Friday between 4 and
G p.m.
The graduate class will hold a
mixer at Chez Yvonne from 9 to
12 midnight Sunday. All graduate
students are invited. A graduate
cocktail hour will be held at
Frank's on Friday between 4 and
G p.m.
The graduate class will hold a
mixer at Chez Yvonne from 9 to
12 midnight Sunday. All graduate
students are invited. A graduate
cocktail hour will be held at
Frank's on Friday between 4 and
G p.m.
The graduate class will hold a
mixer at Chez Yvonne from 9 to
12 midnight Sunday. All graduate
students are invited. A graduate
cocktail hour will be held at
Frank's on Friday between 4 and
G p.m.
The graduate class will hold a
mixer at Chez Yvonne from 9 to
12 midnight Sunday. All graduate
students are invited. A graduate
cocktail hour will be held at
Frank's on Friday between 4 and
G p.m.
The graduate class will hold a
mixer at Chez Yvonne from 9 to
12 midnight Sunday. All graduate
students are invited. A graduate
cocktail hour will be held at
Frank's on Friday between 4 and
G p.m.
The graduate class will hold a
mixer at Chez Yvonne from 9 to
12 midnight Sunday. All graduate
students are invited. A graduate
cocktail hour will be held at
Frank's on Friday between 4 and
G p.m.
The graduate class will hold a
mixer at Chez Yvonne from 9 to
12 midnight Sunday. All graduate
students are invited. A graduate
cocktail hour will be held at
Frank's on Friday between 4 and
G p.m.
The graduate class will hold a
mixer at Chez Yvonne from 9 to
12 midnight Sunday. All graduate
students are invited. A graduate
cocktail hour will be held at
Frank's on Friday between 4 and
G p.m.
The graduate class will hold a
mixer at Chez Yvonne from 9 to
12 midnight Sunday. All graduate
students are invited. A graduate
cocktail hour will be held at
Frank's on Friday between 4 and
G p.m.
