# Varian Associates Unveil Park Plans
## 
### 
Varian Associates of Palo Alto
recently unveiled its "master
building plan" for the 33 acres it
holds in the Stanford Industrial
Park.
The company's plans call for an
additional 437,000 square feet of
floor space for research, develop
ment, manufacturing and admin
istrative facilities.
Varian now has only office and
laboratories at Stanford, with a
microwave tube factory at San
Carlos.
Construction of ihe first new
building will start in May, accord
ing to General Manager H. Myrl
Stearns.
Varian Associates of Palo Alto
recently unveiled its "master
building plan" for the 33 acres it
holds in the Stanford Industrial
Park.
The company's plans call for an
additional 437,000 square feet of
floor space for research, develop
ment, manufacturing and admin
istrative facilities.
Varian now has only office and
laboratories at Stanford, with a
microwave tube factory at San
Carlos.
Construction of ihe first new
building will start in May, accord
ing to General Manager H. Myrl
Stearns.
Varian Associates of Palo Alto
recently unveiled its "master
building plan" for the 33 acres it
holds in the Stanford Industrial
Park.
The company's plans call for an
additional 437,000 square feet of
floor space for research, develop
ment, manufacturing and admin
istrative facilities.
Varian now has only office and
laboratories at Stanford, with a
microwave tube factory at San
Carlos.
Construction of ihe first new
building will start in May, accord
ing to General Manager H. Myrl
Stearns.
Varian Associates of Palo Alto
recently unveiled its "master
building plan" for the 33 acres it
holds in the Stanford Industrial
Park.
The company's plans call for an
additional 437,000 square feet of
floor space for research, develop
ment, manufacturing and admin
istrative facilities.
Varian now has only office and
laboratories at Stanford, with a
microwave tube factory at San
Carlos.
Construction of ihe first new
building will start in May, accord
ing to General Manager H. Myrl
Stearns.
Varian Associates of Palo Alto
recently unveiled its "master
building plan" for the 33 acres it
holds in the Stanford Industrial
Park.
The company's plans call for an
additional 437,000 square feet of
floor space for research, develop
ment, manufacturing and admin
istrative facilities.
Varian now has only office and
laboratories at Stanford, with a
microwave tube factory at San
Carlos.
Construction of ihe first new
building will start in May, accord
ing to General Manager H. Myrl
Stearns.
Varian Associates of Palo Alto
recently unveiled its "master
building plan" for the 33 acres it
holds in the Stanford Industrial
Park.
The company's plans call for an
additional 437,000 square feet of
floor space for research, develop
ment, manufacturing and admin
istrative facilities.
Varian now has only office and
laboratories at Stanford, with a
microwave tube factory at San
Carlos.
Construction of ihe first new
building will start in May, accord
ing to General Manager H. Myrl
Stearns.
Varian Associates of Palo Alto
recently unveiled its "master
building plan" for the 33 acres it
holds in the Stanford Industrial
Park.
The company's plans call for an
additional 437,000 square feet of
floor space for research, develop
ment, manufacturing and admin
istrative facilities.
Varian now has only office and
laboratories at Stanford, with a
microwave tube factory at San
Carlos.
Construction of ihe first new
building will start in May, accord
ing to General Manager H. Myrl
Stearns.
Varian Associates of Palo Alto
recently unveiled its "master
building plan" for the 33 acres it
holds in the Stanford Industrial
Park.
The company's plans call for an
additional 437,000 square feet of
floor space for research, develop
ment, manufacturing and admin
istrative facilities.
Varian now has only office and
laboratories at Stanford, with a
microwave tube factory at San
Carlos.
Construction of ihe first new
building will start in May, accord
ing to General Manager H. Myrl
Stearns.
Varian Associates of Palo Alto
recently unveiled its "master
building plan" for the 33 acres it
holds in the Stanford Industrial
Park.
The company's plans call for an
additional 437,000 square feet of
floor space for research, develop
ment, manufacturing and admin
istrative facilities.
Varian now has only office and
laboratories at Stanford, with a
microwave tube factory at San
Carlos.
Construction of ihe first new
building will start in May, accord
ing to General Manager H. Myrl
Stearns.
Varian Associates of Palo Alto
recently unveiled its "master
building plan" for the 33 acres it
holds in the Stanford Industrial
Park.
The company's plans call for an
additional 437,000 square feet of
floor space for research, develop
ment, manufacturing and admin
istrative facilities.
Varian now has only office and
laboratories at Stanford, with a
microwave tube factory at San
Carlos.
Construction of ihe first new
building will start in May, accord
ing to General Manager H. Myrl
Stearns.
Varian Associates of Palo Alto
recently unveiled its "master
building plan" for the 33 acres it
holds in the Stanford Industrial
Park.
The company's plans call for an
additional 437,000 square feet of
floor space for research, develop
ment, manufacturing and admin
istrative facilities.
Varian now has only office and
laboratories at Stanford, with a
microwave tube factory at San
Carlos.
Construction of ihe first new
building will start in May, accord
ing to General Manager H. Myrl
Stearns.
Varian Associates of Palo Alto
recently unveiled its "master
building plan" for the 33 acres it
holds in the Stanford Industrial
Park.
The company's plans call for an
additional 437,000 square feet of
floor space for research, develop
ment, manufacturing and admin
istrative facilities.
Varian now has only office and
laboratories at Stanford, with a
microwave tube factory at San
Carlos.
Construction of ihe first new
building will start in May, accord
ing to General Manager H. Myrl
Stearns.
Varian Associates of Palo Alto
recently unveiled its "master
building plan" for the 33 acres it
holds in the Stanford Industrial
Park.
The company's plans call for an
additional 437,000 square feet of
floor space for research, develop
ment, manufacturing and admin
istrative facilities.
Varian now has only office and
laboratories at Stanford, with a
microwave tube factory at San
Carlos.
Construction of ihe first new
building will start in May, accord
ing to General Manager H. Myrl
Stearns.
Varian Associates of Palo Alto
recently unveiled its "master
building plan" for the 33 acres it
holds in the Stanford Industrial
Park.
The company's plans call for an
additional 437,000 square feet of
floor space for research, develop
ment, manufacturing and admin
istrative facilities.
Varian now has only office and
laboratories at Stanford, with a
microwave tube factory at San
Carlos.
Construction of ihe first new
building will start in May, accord
ing to General Manager H. Myrl
Stearns.
Varian Associates of Palo Alto
recently unveiled its "master
building plan" for the 33 acres it
holds in the Stanford Industrial
Park.
The company's plans call for an
additional 437,000 square feet of
floor space for research, develop
ment, manufacturing and admin
istrative facilities.
Varian now has only office and
laboratories at Stanford, with a
microwave tube factory at San
Carlos.
Construction of ihe first new
building will start in May, accord
ing to General Manager H. Myrl
Stearns.
