# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
HERE'S
A BUY!
Cosy fitting, good look
ing slacks fine grade
flannel. Two new
shades of gray
for spring
$C5O
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona
HERE'S
A BUY!
Cosy fitting, good look
ing slacks fine grade
flannel. Two new
shades of gray
for spring
$C5O
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona
HERE'S
A BUY!
Cosy fitting, good look
ing slacks fine grade
flannel. Two new
shades of gray
for spring
$C5O
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona
HERE'S
A BUY!
Cosy fitting, good look
ing slacks fine grade
flannel. Two new
shades of gray
for spring
$C5O
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona
HERE'S
A BUY!
Cosy fitting, good look
ing slacks fine grade
flannel. Two new
shades of gray
for spring
$C5O
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona
HERE'S
A BUY!
Cosy fitting, good look
ing slacks fine grade
flannel. Two new
shades of gray
for spring
$C5O
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona
HERE'S
A BUY!
Cosy fitting, good look
ing slacks fine grade
flannel. Two new
shades of gray
for spring
$C5O
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona
HERE'S
A BUY!
Cosy fitting, good look
ing slacks fine grade
flannel. Two new
shades of gray
for spring
$C5O
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona
HERE'S
A BUY!
Cosy fitting, good look
ing slacks fine grade
flannel. Two new
shades of gray
for spring
$C5O
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona
HERE'S
A BUY!
Cosy fitting, good look
ing slacks fine grade
flannel. Two new
shades of gray
for spring
$C5O
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona
HERE'S
A BUY!
Cosy fitting, good look
ing slacks fine grade
flannel. Two new
shades of gray
for spring
$C5O
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona
HERE'S
A BUY!
Cosy fitting, good look
ing slacks fine grade
flannel. Two new
shades of gray
for spring
$C5O
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona
HERE'S
A BUY!
Cosy fitting, good look
ing slacks fine grade
flannel. Two new
shades of gray
for spring
$C5O
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona
HERE'S
A BUY!
Cosy fitting, good look
ing slacks fine grade
flannel. Two new
shades of gray
for spring
$C5O
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona
HERE'S
A BUY!
Cosy fitting, good look
ing slacks fine grade
flannel. Two new
shades of gray
for spring
$C5O
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona
HERE'S
A BUY!
Cosy fitting, good look
ing slacks fine grade
flannel. Two new
shades of gray
for spring
$C5O
PHELPS
TERKEL
538 Ramona
