# HERE AND THERE WITH THE NEWS CAMERA
## DRAFT RECONSTRUCTION PLANS 
### 

Charles G. Cawes (left), head of the $2,000,000,000 reconstruction
corporation, and Eugene Meyer, chairman of the board od rectors.
leaving the senate office building after a conference on economic relief.

Charles G. Cawes (left), head of the $2,000,000,000 reconstruction
corporation, and Eugene Meyer, chairman of the board od rectors.
leaving the senate office building after a conference on economic relief.

Charles G. Cawes (left), head of the $2,000,000,000 reconstruction
corporation, and Eugene Meyer, chairman of the board od rectors.
leaving the senate office building after a conference on economic relief.

Charles G. Cawes (left), head of the $2,000,000,000 reconstruction
corporation, and Eugene Meyer, chairman of the board od rectors.
leaving the senate office building after a conference on economic relief.

Charles G. Cawes (left), head of the $2,000,000,000 reconstruction
corporation, and Eugene Meyer, chairman of the board od rectors.
leaving the senate office building after a conference on economic relief.

Charles G. Cawes (left), head of the $2,000,000,000 reconstruction
corporation, and Eugene Meyer, chairman of the board od rectors.
leaving the senate office building after a conference on economic relief.

Charles G. Cawes (left), head of the $2,000,000,000 reconstruction
corporation, and Eugene Meyer, chairman of the board od rectors.
leaving the senate office building after a conference on economic relief.

Charles G. Cawes (left), head of the $2,000,000,000 reconstruction
corporation, and Eugene Meyer, chairman of the board od rectors.
leaving the senate office building after a conference on economic relief.

Charles G. Cawes (left), head of the $2,000,000,000 reconstruction
corporation, and Eugene Meyer, chairman of the board od rectors.
leaving the senate office building after a conference on economic relief.

Charles G. Cawes (left), head of the $2,000,000,000 reconstruction
corporation, and Eugene Meyer, chairman of the board od rectors.
leaving the senate office building after a conference on economic relief.

Charles G. Cawes (left), head of the $2,000,000,000 reconstruction
corporation, and Eugene Meyer, chairman of the board od rectors.
leaving the senate office building after a conference on economic relief.

Charles G. Cawes (left), head of the $2,000,000,000 reconstruction
corporation, and Eugene Meyer, chairman of the board od rectors.
leaving the senate office building after a conference on economic relief.

Charles G. Cawes (left), head of the $2,000,000,000 reconstruction
corporation, and Eugene Meyer, chairman of the board od rectors.
leaving the senate office building after a conference on economic relief.

Charles G. Cawes (left), head of the $2,000,000,000 reconstruction
corporation, and Eugene Meyer, chairman of the board od rectors.
leaving the senate office building after a conference on economic relief.

Charles G. Cawes (left), head of the $2,000,000,000 reconstruction
corporation, and Eugene Meyer, chairman of the board od rectors.
leaving the senate office building after a conference on economic relief.

Charles G. Cawes (left), head of the $2,000,000,000 reconstruction
corporation, and Eugene Meyer, chairman of the board od rectors.
leaving the senate office building after a conference on economic relief.
