# Queen Of Sports
## 
### 

Jane Edwards, 17, of Petoskey,
Mich., will be queen of the annual
winter sports carnival in her home
town February 4-6 and will lead
the grand march at the winter
sports ball cn the arm of Gov.
William Brucker.

Jane Edwards, 17, of Petoskey,
Mich., will be queen of the annual
winter sports carnival in her home
town February 4-6 and will lead
the grand march at the winter
sports ball cn the arm of Gov.
William Brucker.

Jane Edwards, 17, of Petoskey,
Mich., will be queen of the annual
winter sports carnival in her home
town February 4-6 and will lead
the grand march at the winter
sports ball cn the arm of Gov.
William Brucker.

Jane Edwards, 17, of Petoskey,
Mich., will be queen of the annual
winter sports carnival in her home
town February 4-6 and will lead
the grand march at the winter
sports ball cn the arm of Gov.
William Brucker.

Jane Edwards, 17, of Petoskey,
Mich., will be queen of the annual
winter sports carnival in her home
town February 4-6 and will lead
the grand march at the winter
sports ball cn the arm of Gov.
William Brucker.

Jane Edwards, 17, of Petoskey,
Mich., will be queen of the annual
winter sports carnival in her home
town February 4-6 and will lead
the grand march at the winter
sports ball cn the arm of Gov.
William Brucker.

Jane Edwards, 17, of Petoskey,
Mich., will be queen of the annual
winter sports carnival in her home
town February 4-6 and will lead
the grand march at the winter
sports ball cn the arm of Gov.
William Brucker.

Jane Edwards, 17, of Petoskey,
Mich., will be queen of the annual
winter sports carnival in her home
town February 4-6 and will lead
the grand march at the winter
sports ball cn the arm of Gov.
William Brucker.

Jane Edwards, 17, of Petoskey,
Mich., will be queen of the annual
winter sports carnival in her home
town February 4-6 and will lead
the grand march at the winter
sports ball cn the arm of Gov.
William Brucker.

Jane Edwards, 17, of Petoskey,
Mich., will be queen of the annual
winter sports carnival in her home
town February 4-6 and will lead
the grand march at the winter
sports ball cn the arm of Gov.
William Brucker.

Jane Edwards, 17, of Petoskey,
Mich., will be queen of the annual
winter sports carnival in her home
town February 4-6 and will lead
the grand march at the winter
sports ball cn the arm of Gov.
William Brucker.

Jane Edwards, 17, of Petoskey,
Mich., will be queen of the annual
winter sports carnival in her home
town February 4-6 and will lead
the grand march at the winter
sports ball cn the arm of Gov.
William Brucker.

Jane Edwards, 17, of Petoskey,
Mich., will be queen of the annual
winter sports carnival in her home
town February 4-6 and will lead
the grand march at the winter
sports ball cn the arm of Gov.
William Brucker.

Jane Edwards, 17, of Petoskey,
Mich., will be queen of the annual
winter sports carnival in her home
town February 4-6 and will lead
the grand march at the winter
sports ball cn the arm of Gov.
William Brucker.

Jane Edwards, 17, of Petoskey,
Mich., will be queen of the annual
winter sports carnival in her home
town February 4-6 and will lead
the grand march at the winter
sports ball cn the arm of Gov.
William Brucker.

Jane Edwards, 17, of Petoskey,
Mich., will be queen of the annual
winter sports carnival in her home
town February 4-6 and will lead
the grand march at the winter
sports ball cn the arm of Gov.
William Brucker.
