# THANKS FOR PROM
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
On behalf of the Class of 1939 I
would like to take this opportunity
to thank those individuals, both on
and oft the committee, that helped
to make the Senior Prom a success.
It. was solely due to their efforts
that the class was able to put the
dance over on such short notice, and
their co-operation and help has
been appreciated to the utmost.
Chuck Prince
The Editor, Sir:
On behalf of the Class of 1939 I
would like to take this opportunity
to thank those individuals, both on
and oft the committee, that helped
to make the Senior Prom a success.
It. was solely due to their efforts
that the class was able to put the
dance over on such short notice, and
their co-operation and help has
been appreciated to the utmost.
Chuck Prince
The Editor, Sir:
On behalf of the Class of 1939 I
would like to take this opportunity
to thank those individuals, both on
and oft the committee, that helped
to make the Senior Prom a success.
It. was solely due to their efforts
that the class was able to put the
dance over on such short notice, and
their co-operation and help has
been appreciated to the utmost.
Chuck Prince
The Editor, Sir:
On behalf of the Class of 1939 I
would like to take this opportunity
to thank those individuals, both on
and oft the committee, that helped
to make the Senior Prom a success.
It. was solely due to their efforts
that the class was able to put the
dance over on such short notice, and
their co-operation and help has
been appreciated to the utmost.
Chuck Prince
The Editor, Sir:
On behalf of the Class of 1939 I
would like to take this opportunity
to thank those individuals, both on
and oft the committee, that helped
to make the Senior Prom a success.
It. was solely due to their efforts
that the class was able to put the
dance over on such short notice, and
their co-operation and help has
been appreciated to the utmost.
Chuck Prince
The Editor, Sir:
On behalf of the Class of 1939 I
would like to take this opportunity
to thank those individuals, both on
and oft the committee, that helped
to make the Senior Prom a success.
It. was solely due to their efforts
that the class was able to put the
dance over on such short notice, and
their co-operation and help has
been appreciated to the utmost.
Chuck Prince
The Editor, Sir:
On behalf of the Class of 1939 I
would like to take this opportunity
to thank those individuals, both on
and oft the committee, that helped
to make the Senior Prom a success.
It. was solely due to their efforts
that the class was able to put the
dance over on such short notice, and
their co-operation and help has
been appreciated to the utmost.
Chuck Prince
The Editor, Sir:
On behalf of the Class of 1939 I
would like to take this opportunity
to thank those individuals, both on
and oft the committee, that helped
to make the Senior Prom a success.
It. was solely due to their efforts
that the class was able to put the
dance over on such short notice, and
their co-operation and help has
been appreciated to the utmost.
Chuck Prince
The Editor, Sir:
On behalf of the Class of 1939 I
would like to take this opportunity
to thank those individuals, both on
and oft the committee, that helped
to make the Senior Prom a success.
It. was solely due to their efforts
that the class was able to put the
dance over on such short notice, and
their co-operation and help has
been appreciated to the utmost.
Chuck Prince
The Editor, Sir:
On behalf of the Class of 1939 I
would like to take this opportunity
to thank those individuals, both on
and oft the committee, that helped
to make the Senior Prom a success.
It. was solely due to their efforts
that the class was able to put the
dance over on such short notice, and
their co-operation and help has
been appreciated to the utmost.
Chuck Prince
The Editor, Sir:
On behalf of the Class of 1939 I
would like to take this opportunity
to thank those individuals, both on
and oft the committee, that helped
to make the Senior Prom a success.
It. was solely due to their efforts
that the class was able to put the
dance over on such short notice, and
their co-operation and help has
been appreciated to the utmost.
Chuck Prince
The Editor, Sir:
On behalf of the Class of 1939 I
would like to take this opportunity
to thank those individuals, both on
and oft the committee, that helped
to make the Senior Prom a success.
It. was solely due to their efforts
that the class was able to put the
dance over on such short notice, and
their co-operation and help has
been appreciated to the utmost.
Chuck Prince
The Editor, Sir:
On behalf of the Class of 1939 I
would like to take this opportunity
to thank those individuals, both on
and oft the committee, that helped
to make the Senior Prom a success.
It. was solely due to their efforts
that the class was able to put the
dance over on such short notice, and
their co-operation and help has
been appreciated to the utmost.
Chuck Prince
The Editor, Sir:
On behalf of the Class of 1939 I
would like to take this opportunity
to thank those individuals, both on
and oft the committee, that helped
to make the Senior Prom a success.
It. was solely due to their efforts
that the class was able to put the
dance over on such short notice, and
their co-operation and help has
been appreciated to the utmost.
Chuck Prince
The Editor, Sir:
On behalf of the Class of 1939 I
would like to take this opportunity
to thank those individuals, both on
and oft the committee, that helped
to make the Senior Prom a success.
It. was solely due to their efforts
that the class was able to put the
dance over on such short notice, and
their co-operation and help has
been appreciated to the utmost.
Chuck Prince
The Editor, Sir:
On behalf of the Class of 1939 I
would like to take this opportunity
to thank those individuals, both on
and oft the committee, that helped
to make the Senior Prom a success.
It. was solely due to their efforts
that the class was able to put the
dance over on such short notice, and
their co-operation and help has
been appreciated to the utmost.
Chuck Prince
