# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Ken Beer — Daily
Hello, Dollies
The Stanford Band selected its 1988-89 Dollies Saturday. These five women
will have the pleasure of performing with, about and around the Band. They
are (clockwise from left) freshmen Rachael Croft, Shannon Keel and Marti
Lindersmith, junior Patti Williams and sophomore Sheer! Caldwell.

Ken Beer — Daily
Hello, Dollies
The Stanford Band selected its 1988-89 Dollies Saturday. These five women
will have the pleasure of performing with, about and around the Band. They
are (clockwise from left) freshmen Rachael Croft, Shannon Keel and Marti
Lindersmith, junior Patti Williams and sophomore Sheer! Caldwell.

Ken Beer — Daily
Hello, Dollies
The Stanford Band selected its 1988-89 Dollies Saturday. These five women
will have the pleasure of performing with, about and around the Band. They
are (clockwise from left) freshmen Rachael Croft, Shannon Keel and Marti
Lindersmith, junior Patti Williams and sophomore Sheer! Caldwell.

Ken Beer — Daily
Hello, Dollies
The Stanford Band selected its 1988-89 Dollies Saturday. These five women
will have the pleasure of performing with, about and around the Band. They
are (clockwise from left) freshmen Rachael Croft, Shannon Keel and Marti
Lindersmith, junior Patti Williams and sophomore Sheer! Caldwell.

Ken Beer — Daily
Hello, Dollies
The Stanford Band selected its 1988-89 Dollies Saturday. These five women
will have the pleasure of performing with, about and around the Band. They
are (clockwise from left) freshmen Rachael Croft, Shannon Keel and Marti
Lindersmith, junior Patti Williams and sophomore Sheer! Caldwell.

Ken Beer — Daily
Hello, Dollies
The Stanford Band selected its 1988-89 Dollies Saturday. These five women
will have the pleasure of performing with, about and around the Band. They
are (clockwise from left) freshmen Rachael Croft, Shannon Keel and Marti
Lindersmith, junior Patti Williams and sophomore Sheer! Caldwell.

Ken Beer — Daily
Hello, Dollies
The Stanford Band selected its 1988-89 Dollies Saturday. These five women
will have the pleasure of performing with, about and around the Band. They
are (clockwise from left) freshmen Rachael Croft, Shannon Keel and Marti
Lindersmith, junior Patti Williams and sophomore Sheer! Caldwell.

Ken Beer — Daily
Hello, Dollies
The Stanford Band selected its 1988-89 Dollies Saturday. These five women
will have the pleasure of performing with, about and around the Band. They
are (clockwise from left) freshmen Rachael Croft, Shannon Keel and Marti
Lindersmith, junior Patti Williams and sophomore Sheer! Caldwell.
