# Stanfordiana
## 
### 
Senator Stanford made a bet
that horses kept all four legs off
the ground at once while running,
and the result was one of the lead
ing contributions to the develop
ment of the movie camera. His
investigators set up a series of
cameras tripped by long strings to
release the shutters as the horse
passed each one. This is one of the
many interesting bits of Stanford
history that are contained in a
little room on the second floor in
the Stanford Library devoted to
everything concerning Stanford, its
founders, faculty, alumni, and stu
dents.
The collection contains all avail
able records of the University:
presidents' reports, syllabi, bawl
outs, Quads, Dailies, Chappies, and
Sequoias, as well as everything
published by faculty, and, to an
increasing extent, all publications
by alumni. Everything of interest
on the Stanford family, in the way
of books, pictures, letters, Senator-
Stanford's speeches, are all kept
here.
One of the most interesting me
mentos of bygone days is a bat
tered old Plug-ugly, such as mem
bers of the junior class wore for
many years. Around it is woven
an amusing story. The first Plugs,
as the tall tan or cream-colored
hats were called, were introduced
in 1893. They became established in
1898, when the first Plug-ugly, a
play produced farcically by the
juniors, was given. A rowdy ele
ment was introduced in 1901, when
the juniors made a poster slurring
the senior class and its individual
members, precipitating a fight on
the stage at the conclusion of the
Plug-ugly. This happy little brawl
grew in popularity and roughness
until the whole thing was finally
abolished in 1913, after several
student-originated attempts to kill
the fight had failed.
Of interest to present-day at
tendants of the Tuesday night lec
ture series is a copy of the proof of
the first issue of the Daily, pub
lished in the office of the "Red
wood City Democrat'' Tuesday,
September 20, 1892. In it was an
article on the Tuesday lecture of
the previous week, as well as ones
on Berkeley, athletics, and alumni.
Senator Stanford made a bet
that horses kept all four legs off
the ground at once while running,
and the result was one of the lead
ing contributions to the develop
ment of the movie camera. His
investigators set up a series of
cameras tripped by long strings to
release the shutters as the horse
passed each one. This is one of the
many interesting bits of Stanford
history that are contained in a
little room on the second floor in
the Stanford Library devoted to
everything concerning Stanford, its
founders, faculty, alumni, and stu
dents.
The collection contains all avail
able records of the University:
presidents' reports, syllabi, bawl
outs, Quads, Dailies, Chappies, and
Sequoias, as well as everything
published by faculty, and, to an
increasing extent, all publications
by alumni. Everything of interest
on the Stanford family, in the way
of books, pictures, letters, Senator-
Stanford's speeches, are all kept
here.
One of the most interesting me
mentos of bygone days is a bat
tered old Plug-ugly, such as mem
bers of the junior class wore for
many years. Around it is woven
an amusing story. The first Plugs,
as the tall tan or cream-colored
hats were called, were introduced
in 1893. They became established in
1898, when the first Plug-ugly, a
play produced farcically by the
juniors, was given. A rowdy ele
ment was introduced in 1901, when
the juniors made a poster slurring
the senior class and its individual
members, precipitating a fight on
the stage at the conclusion of the
Plug-ugly. This happy little brawl
grew in popularity and roughness
until the whole thing was finally
abolished in 1913, after several
student-originated attempts to kill
the fight had failed.
Of interest to present-day at
tendants of the Tuesday night lec
ture series is a copy of the proof of
the first issue of the Daily, pub
lished in the office of the "Red
wood City Democrat'' Tuesday,
September 20, 1892. In it was an
article on the Tuesday lecture of
the previous week, as well as ones
on Berkeley, athletics, and alumni.
Senator Stanford made a bet
that horses kept all four legs off
the ground at once while running,
and the result was one of the lead
ing contributions to the develop
ment of the movie camera. His
investigators set up a series of
cameras tripped by long strings to
release the shutters as the horse
passed each one. This is one of the
many interesting bits of Stanford
history that are contained in a
little room on the second floor in
the Stanford Library devoted to
everything concerning Stanford, its
founders, faculty, alumni, and stu
dents.
The collection contains all avail
able records of the University:
presidents' reports, syllabi, bawl
outs, Quads, Dailies, Chappies, and
Sequoias, as well as everything
published by faculty, and, to an
increasing extent, all publications
by alumni. Everything of interest
on the Stanford family, in the way
of books, pictures, letters, Senator-
Stanford's speeches, are all kept
here.
One of the most interesting me
mentos of bygone days is a bat
tered old Plug-ugly, such as mem
bers of the junior class wore for
many years. Around it is woven
an amusing story. The first Plugs,
as the tall tan or cream-colored
hats were called, were introduced
in 1893. They became established in
1898, when the first Plug-ugly, a
play produced farcically by the
juniors, was given. A rowdy ele
ment was introduced in 1901, when
the juniors made a poster slurring
the senior class and its individual
members, precipitating a fight on
the stage at the conclusion of the
Plug-ugly. This happy little brawl
grew in popularity and roughness
until the whole thing was finally
abolished in 1913, after several
student-originated attempts to kill
the fight had failed.
Of interest to present-day at
tendants of the Tuesday night lec
ture series is a copy of the proof of
the first issue of the Daily, pub
lished in the office of the "Red
wood City Democrat'' Tuesday,
September 20, 1892. In it was an
article on the Tuesday lecture of
the previous week, as well as ones
on Berkeley, athletics, and alumni.
Senator Stanford made a bet
that horses kept all four legs off
the ground at once while running,
and the result was one of the lead
ing contributions to the develop
ment of the movie camera. His
investigators set up a series of
cameras tripped by long strings to
release the shutters as the horse
passed each one. This is one of the
many interesting bits of Stanford
history that are contained in a
little room on the second floor in
the Stanford Library devoted to
everything concerning Stanford, its
founders, faculty, alumni, and stu
dents.
The collection contains all avail
able records of the University:
presidents' reports, syllabi, bawl
outs, Quads, Dailies, Chappies, and
Sequoias, as well as everything
published by faculty, and, to an
increasing extent, all publications
by alumni. Everything of interest
on the Stanford family, in the way
of books, pictures, letters, Senator-
Stanford's speeches, are all kept
here.
One of the most interesting me
mentos of bygone days is a bat
tered old Plug-ugly, such as mem
bers of the junior class wore for
many years. Around it is woven
an amusing story. The first Plugs,
as the tall tan or cream-colored
hats were called, were introduced
in 1893. They became established in
1898, when the first Plug-ugly, a
play produced farcically by the
juniors, was given. A rowdy ele
ment was introduced in 1901, when
the juniors made a poster slurring
the senior class and its individual
members, precipitating a fight on
the stage at the conclusion of the
Plug-ugly. This happy little brawl
grew in popularity and roughness
until the whole thing was finally
abolished in 1913, after several
student-originated attempts to kill
the fight had failed.
Of interest to present-day at
tendants of the Tuesday night lec
ture series is a copy of the proof of
the first issue of the Daily, pub
lished in the office of the "Red
wood City Democrat'' Tuesday,
September 20, 1892. In it was an
article on the Tuesday lecture of
the previous week, as well as ones
on Berkeley, athletics, and alumni.
Senator Stanford made a bet
that horses kept all four legs off
the ground at once while running,
and the result was one of the lead
ing contributions to the develop
ment of the movie camera. His
investigators set up a series of
cameras tripped by long strings to
release the shutters as the horse
passed each one. This is one of the
many interesting bits of Stanford
history that are contained in a
little room on the second floor in
the Stanford Library devoted to
everything concerning Stanford, its
founders, faculty, alumni, and stu
dents.
The collection contains all avail
able records of the University:
presidents' reports, syllabi, bawl
outs, Quads, Dailies, Chappies, and
Sequoias, as well as everything
published by faculty, and, to an
increasing extent, all publications
by alumni. Everything of interest
on the Stanford family, in the way
of books, pictures, letters, Senator-
Stanford's speeches, are all kept
here.
One of the most interesting me
mentos of bygone days is a bat
tered old Plug-ugly, such as mem
bers of the junior class wore for
many years. Around it is woven
an amusing story. The first Plugs,
as the tall tan or cream-colored
hats were called, were introduced
in 1893. They became established in
1898, when the first Plug-ugly, a
play produced farcically by the
juniors, was given. A rowdy ele
ment was introduced in 1901, when
the juniors made a poster slurring
the senior class and its individual
members, precipitating a fight on
the stage at the conclusion of the
Plug-ugly. This happy little brawl
grew in popularity and roughness
until the whole thing was finally
abolished in 1913, after several
student-originated attempts to kill
the fight had failed.
Of interest to present-day at
tendants of the Tuesday night lec
ture series is a copy of the proof of
the first issue of the Daily, pub
lished in the office of the "Red
wood City Democrat'' Tuesday,
September 20, 1892. In it was an
article on the Tuesday lecture of
the previous week, as well as ones
on Berkeley, athletics, and alumni.
Senator Stanford made a bet
that horses kept all four legs off
the ground at once while running,
and the result was one of the lead
ing contributions to the develop
ment of the movie camera. His
investigators set up a series of
cameras tripped by long strings to
release the shutters as the horse
passed each one. This is one of the
many interesting bits of Stanford
history that are contained in a
little room on the second floor in
the Stanford Library devoted to
everything concerning Stanford, its
founders, faculty, alumni, and stu
dents.
The collection contains all avail
able records of the University:
presidents' reports, syllabi, bawl
outs, Quads, Dailies, Chappies, and
Sequoias, as well as everything
published by faculty, and, to an
increasing extent, all publications
by alumni. Everything of interest
on the Stanford family, in the way
of books, pictures, letters, Senator-
Stanford's speeches, are all kept
here.
One of the most interesting me
mentos of bygone days is a bat
tered old Plug-ugly, such as mem
bers of the junior class wore for
many years. Around it is woven
an amusing story. The first Plugs,
as the tall tan or cream-colored
hats were called, were introduced
in 1893. They became established in
1898, when the first Plug-ugly, a
play produced farcically by the
juniors, was given. A rowdy ele
ment was introduced in 1901, when
the juniors made a poster slurring
the senior class and its individual
members, precipitating a fight on
the stage at the conclusion of the
Plug-ugly. This happy little brawl
grew in popularity and roughness
until the whole thing was finally
abolished in 1913, after several
student-originated attempts to kill
the fight had failed.
Of interest to present-day at
tendants of the Tuesday night lec
ture series is a copy of the proof of
the first issue of the Daily, pub
lished in the office of the "Red
wood City Democrat'' Tuesday,
September 20, 1892. In it was an
article on the Tuesday lecture of
the previous week, as well as ones
on Berkeley, athletics, and alumni.
Senator Stanford made a bet
that horses kept all four legs off
the ground at once while running,
and the result was one of the lead
ing contributions to the develop
ment of the movie camera. His
investigators set up a series of
cameras tripped by long strings to
release the shutters as the horse
passed each one. This is one of the
many interesting bits of Stanford
history that are contained in a
little room on the second floor in
the Stanford Library devoted to
everything concerning Stanford, its
founders, faculty, alumni, and stu
dents.
The collection contains all avail
able records of the University:
presidents' reports, syllabi, bawl
outs, Quads, Dailies, Chappies, and
Sequoias, as well as everything
published by faculty, and, to an
increasing extent, all publications
by alumni. Everything of interest
on the Stanford family, in the way
of books, pictures, letters, Senator-
Stanford's speeches, are all kept
here.
One of the most interesting me
mentos of bygone days is a bat
tered old Plug-ugly, such as mem
bers of the junior class wore for
many years. Around it is woven
an amusing story. The first Plugs,
as the tall tan or cream-colored
hats were called, were introduced
in 1893. They became established in
1898, when the first Plug-ugly, a
play produced farcically by the
juniors, was given. A rowdy ele
ment was introduced in 1901, when
the juniors made a poster slurring
the senior class and its individual
members, precipitating a fight on
the stage at the conclusion of the
Plug-ugly. This happy little brawl
grew in popularity and roughness
until the whole thing was finally
abolished in 1913, after several
student-originated attempts to kill
the fight had failed.
Of interest to present-day at
tendants of the Tuesday night lec
ture series is a copy of the proof of
the first issue of the Daily, pub
lished in the office of the "Red
wood City Democrat'' Tuesday,
September 20, 1892. In it was an
article on the Tuesday lecture of
the previous week, as well as ones
on Berkeley, athletics, and alumni.
Senator Stanford made a bet
that horses kept all four legs off
the ground at once while running,
and the result was one of the lead
ing contributions to the develop
ment of the movie camera. His
investigators set up a series of
cameras tripped by long strings to
release the shutters as the horse
passed each one. This is one of the
many interesting bits of Stanford
history that are contained in a
little room on the second floor in
the Stanford Library devoted to
everything concerning Stanford, its
founders, faculty, alumni, and stu
dents.
The collection contains all avail
able records of the University:
presidents' reports, syllabi, bawl
outs, Quads, Dailies, Chappies, and
Sequoias, as well as everything
published by faculty, and, to an
increasing extent, all publications
by alumni. Everything of interest
on the Stanford family, in the way
of books, pictures, letters, Senator-
Stanford's speeches, are all kept
here.
One of the most interesting me
mentos of bygone days is a bat
tered old Plug-ugly, such as mem
bers of the junior class wore for
many years. Around it is woven
an amusing story. The first Plugs,
as the tall tan or cream-colored
hats were called, were introduced
in 1893. They became established in
1898, when the first Plug-ugly, a
play produced farcically by the
juniors, was given. A rowdy ele
ment was introduced in 1901, when
the juniors made a poster slurring
the senior class and its individual
members, precipitating a fight on
the stage at the conclusion of the
Plug-ugly. This happy little brawl
grew in popularity and roughness
until the whole thing was finally
abolished in 1913, after several
student-originated attempts to kill
the fight had failed.
Of interest to present-day at
tendants of the Tuesday night lec
ture series is a copy of the proof of
the first issue of the Daily, pub
lished in the office of the "Red
wood City Democrat'' Tuesday,
September 20, 1892. In it was an
article on the Tuesday lecture of
the previous week, as well as ones
on Berkeley, athletics, and alumni.
Senator Stanford made a bet
that horses kept all four legs off
the ground at once while running,
and the result was one of the lead
ing contributions to the develop
ment of the movie camera. His
investigators set up a series of
cameras tripped by long strings to
release the shutters as the horse
passed each one. This is one of the
many interesting bits of Stanford
history that are contained in a
little room on the second floor in
the Stanford Library devoted to
everything concerning Stanford, its
founders, faculty, alumni, and stu
dents.
The collection contains all avail
able records of the University:
presidents' reports, syllabi, bawl
outs, Quads, Dailies, Chappies, and
Sequoias, as well as everything
published by faculty, and, to an
increasing extent, all publications
by alumni. Everything of interest
on the Stanford family, in the way
of books, pictures, letters, Senator-
Stanford's speeches, are all kept
here.
One of the most interesting me
mentos of bygone days is a bat
tered old Plug-ugly, such as mem
bers of the junior class wore for
many years. Around it is woven
an amusing story. The first Plugs,
as the tall tan or cream-colored
hats were called, were introduced
in 1893. They became established in
1898, when the first Plug-ugly, a
play produced farcically by the
juniors, was given. A rowdy ele
ment was introduced in 1901, when
the juniors made a poster slurring
the senior class and its individual
members, precipitating a fight on
the stage at the conclusion of the
Plug-ugly. This happy little brawl
grew in popularity and roughness
until the whole thing was finally
abolished in 1913, after several
student-originated attempts to kill
the fight had failed.
Of interest to present-day at
tendants of the Tuesday night lec
ture series is a copy of the proof of
the first issue of the Daily, pub
lished in the office of the "Red
wood City Democrat'' Tuesday,
September 20, 1892. In it was an
article on the Tuesday lecture of
the previous week, as well as ones
on Berkeley, athletics, and alumni.
Senator Stanford made a bet
that horses kept all four legs off
the ground at once while running,
and the result was one of the lead
ing contributions to the develop
ment of the movie camera. His
investigators set up a series of
cameras tripped by long strings to
release the shutters as the horse
passed each one. This is one of the
many interesting bits of Stanford
history that are contained in a
little room on the second floor in
the Stanford Library devoted to
everything concerning Stanford, its
founders, faculty, alumni, and stu
dents.
The collection contains all avail
able records of the University:
presidents' reports, syllabi, bawl
outs, Quads, Dailies, Chappies, and
Sequoias, as well as everything
published by faculty, and, to an
increasing extent, all publications
by alumni. Everything of interest
on the Stanford family, in the way
of books, pictures, letters, Senator-
Stanford's speeches, are all kept
here.
One of the most interesting me
mentos of bygone days is a bat
tered old Plug-ugly, such as mem
bers of the junior class wore for
many years. Around it is woven
an amusing story. The first Plugs,
as the tall tan or cream-colored
hats were called, were introduced
in 1893. They became established in
1898, when the first Plug-ugly, a
play produced farcically by the
juniors, was given. A rowdy ele
ment was introduced in 1901, when
the juniors made a poster slurring
the senior class and its individual
members, precipitating a fight on
the stage at the conclusion of the
Plug-ugly. This happy little brawl
grew in popularity and roughness
until the whole thing was finally
abolished in 1913, after several
student-originated attempts to kill
the fight had failed.
Of interest to present-day at
tendants of the Tuesday night lec
ture series is a copy of the proof of
the first issue of the Daily, pub
lished in the office of the "Red
wood City Democrat'' Tuesday,
September 20, 1892. In it was an
article on the Tuesday lecture of
the previous week, as well as ones
on Berkeley, athletics, and alumni.
Senator Stanford made a bet
that horses kept all four legs off
the ground at once while running,
and the result was one of the lead
ing contributions to the develop
ment of the movie camera. His
investigators set up a series of
cameras tripped by long strings to
release the shutters as the horse
passed each one. This is one of the
many interesting bits of Stanford
history that are contained in a
little room on the second floor in
the Stanford Library devoted to
everything concerning Stanford, its
founders, faculty, alumni, and stu
dents.
The collection contains all avail
able records of the University:
presidents' reports, syllabi, bawl
outs, Quads, Dailies, Chappies, and
Sequoias, as well as everything
published by faculty, and, to an
increasing extent, all publications
by alumni. Everything of interest
on the Stanford family, in the way
of books, pictures, letters, Senator-
Stanford's speeches, are all kept
here.
One of the most interesting me
mentos of bygone days is a bat
tered old Plug-ugly, such as mem
bers of the junior class wore for
many years. Around it is woven
an amusing story. The first Plugs,
as the tall tan or cream-colored
hats were called, were introduced
in 1893. They became established in
1898, when the first Plug-ugly, a
play produced farcically by the
juniors, was given. A rowdy ele
ment was introduced in 1901, when
the juniors made a poster slurring
the senior class and its individual
members, precipitating a fight on
the stage at the conclusion of the
Plug-ugly. This happy little brawl
grew in popularity and roughness
until the whole thing was finally
abolished in 1913, after several
student-originated attempts to kill
the fight had failed.
Of interest to present-day at
tendants of the Tuesday night lec
ture series is a copy of the proof of
the first issue of the Daily, pub
lished in the office of the "Red
wood City Democrat'' Tuesday,
September 20, 1892. In it was an
article on the Tuesday lecture of
the previous week, as well as ones
on Berkeley, athletics, and alumni.
Senator Stanford made a bet
that horses kept all four legs off
the ground at once while running,
and the result was one of the lead
ing contributions to the develop
ment of the movie camera. His
investigators set up a series of
cameras tripped by long strings to
release the shutters as the horse
passed each one. This is one of the
many interesting bits of Stanford
history that are contained in a
little room on the second floor in
the Stanford Library devoted to
everything concerning Stanford, its
founders, faculty, alumni, and stu
dents.
The collection contains all avail
able records of the University:
presidents' reports, syllabi, bawl
outs, Quads, Dailies, Chappies, and
Sequoias, as well as everything
published by faculty, and, to an
increasing extent, all publications
by alumni. Everything of interest
on the Stanford family, in the way
of books, pictures, letters, Senator-
Stanford's speeches, are all kept
here.
One of the most interesting me
mentos of bygone days is a bat
tered old Plug-ugly, such as mem
bers of the junior class wore for
many years. Around it is woven
an amusing story. The first Plugs,
as the tall tan or cream-colored
hats were called, were introduced
in 1893. They became established in
1898, when the first Plug-ugly, a
play produced farcically by the
juniors, was given. A rowdy ele
ment was introduced in 1901, when
the juniors made a poster slurring
the senior class and its individual
members, precipitating a fight on
the stage at the conclusion of the
Plug-ugly. This happy little brawl
grew in popularity and roughness
until the whole thing was finally
abolished in 1913, after several
student-originated attempts to kill
the fight had failed.
Of interest to present-day at
tendants of the Tuesday night lec
ture series is a copy of the proof of
the first issue of the Daily, pub
lished in the office of the "Red
wood City Democrat'' Tuesday,
September 20, 1892. In it was an
article on the Tuesday lecture of
the previous week, as well as ones
on Berkeley, athletics, and alumni.
Senator Stanford made a bet
that horses kept all four legs off
the ground at once while running,
and the result was one of the lead
ing contributions to the develop
ment of the movie camera. His
investigators set up a series of
cameras tripped by long strings to
release the shutters as the horse
passed each one. This is one of the
many interesting bits of Stanford
history that are contained in a
little room on the second floor in
the Stanford Library devoted to
everything concerning Stanford, its
founders, faculty, alumni, and stu
dents.
The collection contains all avail
able records of the University:
presidents' reports, syllabi, bawl
outs, Quads, Dailies, Chappies, and
Sequoias, as well as everything
published by faculty, and, to an
increasing extent, all publications
by alumni. Everything of interest
on the Stanford family, in the way
of books, pictures, letters, Senator-
Stanford's speeches, are all kept
here.
One of the most interesting me
mentos of bygone days is a bat
tered old Plug-ugly, such as mem
bers of the junior class wore for
many years. Around it is woven
an amusing story. The first Plugs,
as the tall tan or cream-colored
hats were called, were introduced
in 1893. They became established in
1898, when the first Plug-ugly, a
play produced farcically by the
juniors, was given. A rowdy ele
ment was introduced in 1901, when
the juniors made a poster slurring
the senior class and its individual
members, precipitating a fight on
the stage at the conclusion of the
Plug-ugly. This happy little brawl
grew in popularity and roughness
until the whole thing was finally
abolished in 1913, after several
student-originated attempts to kill
the fight had failed.
Of interest to present-day at
tendants of the Tuesday night lec
ture series is a copy of the proof of
the first issue of the Daily, pub
lished in the office of the "Red
wood City Democrat'' Tuesday,
September 20, 1892. In it was an
article on the Tuesday lecture of
the previous week, as well as ones
on Berkeley, athletics, and alumni.
Senator Stanford made a bet
that horses kept all four legs off
the ground at once while running,
and the result was one of the lead
ing contributions to the develop
ment of the movie camera. His
investigators set up a series of
cameras tripped by long strings to
release the shutters as the horse
passed each one. This is one of the
many interesting bits of Stanford
history that are contained in a
little room on the second floor in
the Stanford Library devoted to
everything concerning Stanford, its
founders, faculty, alumni, and stu
dents.
The collection contains all avail
able records of the University:
presidents' reports, syllabi, bawl
outs, Quads, Dailies, Chappies, and
Sequoias, as well as everything
published by faculty, and, to an
increasing extent, all publications
by alumni. Everything of interest
on the Stanford family, in the way
of books, pictures, letters, Senator-
Stanford's speeches, are all kept
here.
One of the most interesting me
mentos of bygone days is a bat
tered old Plug-ugly, such as mem
bers of the junior class wore for
many years. Around it is woven
an amusing story. The first Plugs,
as the tall tan or cream-colored
hats were called, were introduced
in 1893. They became established in
1898, when the first Plug-ugly, a
play produced farcically by the
juniors, was given. A rowdy ele
ment was introduced in 1901, when
the juniors made a poster slurring
the senior class and its individual
members, precipitating a fight on
the stage at the conclusion of the
Plug-ugly. This happy little brawl
grew in popularity and roughness
until the whole thing was finally
abolished in 1913, after several
student-originated attempts to kill
the fight had failed.
Of interest to present-day at
tendants of the Tuesday night lec
ture series is a copy of the proof of
the first issue of the Daily, pub
lished in the office of the "Red
wood City Democrat'' Tuesday,
September 20, 1892. In it was an
article on the Tuesday lecture of
the previous week, as well as ones
on Berkeley, athletics, and alumni.
Senator Stanford made a bet
that horses kept all four legs off
the ground at once while running,
and the result was one of the lead
ing contributions to the develop
ment of the movie camera. His
investigators set up a series of
cameras tripped by long strings to
release the shutters as the horse
passed each one. This is one of the
many interesting bits of Stanford
history that are contained in a
little room on the second floor in
the Stanford Library devoted to
everything concerning Stanford, its
founders, faculty, alumni, and stu
dents.
The collection contains all avail
able records of the University:
presidents' reports, syllabi, bawl
outs, Quads, Dailies, Chappies, and
Sequoias, as well as everything
published by faculty, and, to an
increasing extent, all publications
by alumni. Everything of interest
on the Stanford family, in the way
of books, pictures, letters, Senator-
Stanford's speeches, are all kept
here.
One of the most interesting me
mentos of bygone days is a bat
tered old Plug-ugly, such as mem
bers of the junior class wore for
many years. Around it is woven
an amusing story. The first Plugs,
as the tall tan or cream-colored
hats were called, were introduced
in 1893. They became established in
1898, when the first Plug-ugly, a
play produced farcically by the
juniors, was given. A rowdy ele
ment was introduced in 1901, when
the juniors made a poster slurring
the senior class and its individual
members, precipitating a fight on
the stage at the conclusion of the
Plug-ugly. This happy little brawl
grew in popularity and roughness
until the whole thing was finally
abolished in 1913, after several
student-originated attempts to kill
the fight had failed.
Of interest to present-day at
tendants of the Tuesday night lec
ture series is a copy of the proof of
the first issue of the Daily, pub
lished in the office of the "Red
wood City Democrat'' Tuesday,
September 20, 1892. In it was an
article on the Tuesday lecture of
the previous week, as well as ones
on Berkeley, athletics, and alumni.
