# Adv. 10 Page 5
## 
### 
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
tliis economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of Mayficld
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
tliis economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of Mayficld
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
tliis economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of Mayficld
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
tliis economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of Mayficld
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
tliis economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of Mayficld
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
tliis economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of Mayficld
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
tliis economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of Mayficld
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
tliis economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of Mayficld
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
tliis economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of Mayficld
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
tliis economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of Mayficld
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
tliis economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of Mayficld
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
tliis economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of Mayficld
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
tliis economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of Mayficld
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
tliis economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of Mayficld
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
tliis economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of Mayficld
Cut out F.M.B. in the
kitchen. The Fuss, Muss,
and Bother of squeezing
orange juice in the kit
chen is definitely out
moded.
Dial 3873 for details on
tliis economical breakfast
service.
THE PALM HUT
Highway 101
One mile south of Mayficld
