# Adv. 13 Page 3
## 
### 
L'OPERA
in black velvet
and patent
i
/GRACEFULLY
designed in the
wanted leathers of the
seasons mode. The
chic spike heel and
rhinestone buckle con
tribute smartness . . .
thoroughly Parisian.
7.50
' PJwiERLEIN'S
/Jmk WafJc-Ouer
SHOP
171 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
L'OPERA
in black velvet
and patent
i
/GRACEFULLY
designed in the
wanted leathers of the
seasons mode. The
chic spike heel and
rhinestone buckle con
tribute smartness . . .
thoroughly Parisian.
7.50
' PJwiERLEIN'S
/Jmk WafJc-Ouer
SHOP
171 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
L'OPERA
in black velvet
and patent
i
/GRACEFULLY
designed in the
wanted leathers of the
seasons mode. The
chic spike heel and
rhinestone buckle con
tribute smartness . . .
thoroughly Parisian.
7.50
' PJwiERLEIN'S
/Jmk WafJc-Ouer
SHOP
171 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
L'OPERA
in black velvet
and patent
i
/GRACEFULLY
designed in the
wanted leathers of the
seasons mode. The
chic spike heel and
rhinestone buckle con
tribute smartness . . .
thoroughly Parisian.
7.50
' PJwiERLEIN'S
/Jmk WafJc-Ouer
SHOP
171 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
L'OPERA
in black velvet
and patent
i
/GRACEFULLY
designed in the
wanted leathers of the
seasons mode. The
chic spike heel and
rhinestone buckle con
tribute smartness . . .
thoroughly Parisian.
7.50
' PJwiERLEIN'S
/Jmk WafJc-Ouer
SHOP
171 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
L'OPERA
in black velvet
and patent
i
/GRACEFULLY
designed in the
wanted leathers of the
seasons mode. The
chic spike heel and
rhinestone buckle con
tribute smartness . . .
thoroughly Parisian.
7.50
' PJwiERLEIN'S
/Jmk WafJc-Ouer
SHOP
171 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
L'OPERA
in black velvet
and patent
i
/GRACEFULLY
designed in the
wanted leathers of the
seasons mode. The
chic spike heel and
rhinestone buckle con
tribute smartness . . .
thoroughly Parisian.
7.50
' PJwiERLEIN'S
/Jmk WafJc-Ouer
SHOP
171 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
L'OPERA
in black velvet
and patent
i
/GRACEFULLY
designed in the
wanted leathers of the
seasons mode. The
chic spike heel and
rhinestone buckle con
tribute smartness . . .
thoroughly Parisian.
7.50
' PJwiERLEIN'S
/Jmk WafJc-Ouer
SHOP
171 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
L'OPERA
in black velvet
and patent
i
/GRACEFULLY
designed in the
wanted leathers of the
seasons mode. The
chic spike heel and
rhinestone buckle con
tribute smartness . . .
thoroughly Parisian.
7.50
' PJwiERLEIN'S
/Jmk WafJc-Ouer
SHOP
171 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
L'OPERA
in black velvet
and patent
i
/GRACEFULLY
designed in the
wanted leathers of the
seasons mode. The
chic spike heel and
rhinestone buckle con
tribute smartness . . .
thoroughly Parisian.
7.50
' PJwiERLEIN'S
/Jmk WafJc-Ouer
SHOP
171 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
L'OPERA
in black velvet
and patent
i
/GRACEFULLY
designed in the
wanted leathers of the
seasons mode. The
chic spike heel and
rhinestone buckle con
tribute smartness . . .
thoroughly Parisian.
7.50
' PJwiERLEIN'S
/Jmk WafJc-Ouer
SHOP
171 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
L'OPERA
in black velvet
and patent
i
/GRACEFULLY
designed in the
wanted leathers of the
seasons mode. The
chic spike heel and
rhinestone buckle con
tribute smartness . . .
thoroughly Parisian.
7.50
' PJwiERLEIN'S
/Jmk WafJc-Ouer
SHOP
171 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
L'OPERA
in black velvet
and patent
i
/GRACEFULLY
designed in the
wanted leathers of the
seasons mode. The
chic spike heel and
rhinestone buckle con
tribute smartness . . .
thoroughly Parisian.
7.50
' PJwiERLEIN'S
/Jmk WafJc-Ouer
SHOP
171 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
L'OPERA
in black velvet
and patent
i
/GRACEFULLY
designed in the
wanted leathers of the
seasons mode. The
chic spike heel and
rhinestone buckle con
tribute smartness . . .
thoroughly Parisian.
7.50
' PJwiERLEIN'S
/Jmk WafJc-Ouer
SHOP
171 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
L'OPERA
in black velvet
and patent
i
/GRACEFULLY
designed in the
wanted leathers of the
seasons mode. The
chic spike heel and
rhinestone buckle con
tribute smartness . . .
thoroughly Parisian.
7.50
' PJwiERLEIN'S
/Jmk WafJc-Ouer
SHOP
171 UNIVERSITY AVENUE
