# FOOTBALL PLAYER DIES
## 
### 
Charlie Prior, Lehigh University
quarterback, died recently as a result
of injuries received in a game.
Charlie Prior, Lehigh University
quarterback, died recently as a result
of injuries received in a game.
Charlie Prior, Lehigh University
quarterback, died recently as a result
of injuries received in a game.
Charlie Prior, Lehigh University
quarterback, died recently as a result
of injuries received in a game.
Charlie Prior, Lehigh University
quarterback, died recently as a result
of injuries received in a game.
Charlie Prior, Lehigh University
quarterback, died recently as a result
of injuries received in a game.
Charlie Prior, Lehigh University
quarterback, died recently as a result
of injuries received in a game.
Charlie Prior, Lehigh University
quarterback, died recently as a result
of injuries received in a game.
Charlie Prior, Lehigh University
quarterback, died recently as a result
of injuries received in a game.
Charlie Prior, Lehigh University
quarterback, died recently as a result
of injuries received in a game.
Charlie Prior, Lehigh University
quarterback, died recently as a result
of injuries received in a game.
Charlie Prior, Lehigh University
quarterback, died recently as a result
of injuries received in a game.
Charlie Prior, Lehigh University
quarterback, died recently as a result
of injuries received in a game.
Charlie Prior, Lehigh University
quarterback, died recently as a result
of injuries received in a game.
Charlie Prior, Lehigh University
quarterback, died recently as a result
of injuries received in a game.
