# QUAD OFFERS PRIZES
## 
### 
Prizes for the best poetry, the best
short prose passage, and the best
camera study on Stanford life submit
ted to the Quad by students have been
offered by the yearbook staff. The
prizes have not yet been decided upon,
but students whose work is accepted
will receive a free Quad.
Contributions may be sent in at any
time to the "Stanford Life" editor of
the Quad, Box 100, Campus.
Prizes for the best poetry, the best
short prose passage, and the best
camera study on Stanford life submit
ted to the Quad by students have been
offered by the yearbook staff. The
prizes have not yet been decided upon,
but students whose work is accepted
will receive a free Quad.
Contributions may be sent in at any
time to the "Stanford Life" editor of
the Quad, Box 100, Campus.
Prizes for the best poetry, the best
short prose passage, and the best
camera study on Stanford life submit
ted to the Quad by students have been
offered by the yearbook staff. The
prizes have not yet been decided upon,
but students whose work is accepted
will receive a free Quad.
Contributions may be sent in at any
time to the "Stanford Life" editor of
the Quad, Box 100, Campus.
Prizes for the best poetry, the best
short prose passage, and the best
camera study on Stanford life submit
ted to the Quad by students have been
offered by the yearbook staff. The
prizes have not yet been decided upon,
but students whose work is accepted
will receive a free Quad.
Contributions may be sent in at any
time to the "Stanford Life" editor of
the Quad, Box 100, Campus.
Prizes for the best poetry, the best
short prose passage, and the best
camera study on Stanford life submit
ted to the Quad by students have been
offered by the yearbook staff. The
prizes have not yet been decided upon,
but students whose work is accepted
will receive a free Quad.
Contributions may be sent in at any
time to the "Stanford Life" editor of
the Quad, Box 100, Campus.
Prizes for the best poetry, the best
short prose passage, and the best
camera study on Stanford life submit
ted to the Quad by students have been
offered by the yearbook staff. The
prizes have not yet been decided upon,
but students whose work is accepted
will receive a free Quad.
Contributions may be sent in at any
time to the "Stanford Life" editor of
the Quad, Box 100, Campus.
Prizes for the best poetry, the best
short prose passage, and the best
camera study on Stanford life submit
ted to the Quad by students have been
offered by the yearbook staff. The
prizes have not yet been decided upon,
but students whose work is accepted
will receive a free Quad.
Contributions may be sent in at any
time to the "Stanford Life" editor of
the Quad, Box 100, Campus.
Prizes for the best poetry, the best
short prose passage, and the best
camera study on Stanford life submit
ted to the Quad by students have been
offered by the yearbook staff. The
prizes have not yet been decided upon,
but students whose work is accepted
will receive a free Quad.
Contributions may be sent in at any
time to the "Stanford Life" editor of
the Quad, Box 100, Campus.
Prizes for the best poetry, the best
short prose passage, and the best
camera study on Stanford life submit
ted to the Quad by students have been
offered by the yearbook staff. The
prizes have not yet been decided upon,
but students whose work is accepted
will receive a free Quad.
Contributions may be sent in at any
time to the "Stanford Life" editor of
the Quad, Box 100, Campus.
Prizes for the best poetry, the best
short prose passage, and the best
camera study on Stanford life submit
ted to the Quad by students have been
offered by the yearbook staff. The
prizes have not yet been decided upon,
but students whose work is accepted
will receive a free Quad.
Contributions may be sent in at any
time to the "Stanford Life" editor of
the Quad, Box 100, Campus.
Prizes for the best poetry, the best
short prose passage, and the best
camera study on Stanford life submit
ted to the Quad by students have been
offered by the yearbook staff. The
prizes have not yet been decided upon,
but students whose work is accepted
will receive a free Quad.
Contributions may be sent in at any
time to the "Stanford Life" editor of
the Quad, Box 100, Campus.
Prizes for the best poetry, the best
short prose passage, and the best
camera study on Stanford life submit
ted to the Quad by students have been
offered by the yearbook staff. The
prizes have not yet been decided upon,
but students whose work is accepted
will receive a free Quad.
Contributions may be sent in at any
time to the "Stanford Life" editor of
the Quad, Box 100, Campus.
Prizes for the best poetry, the best
short prose passage, and the best
camera study on Stanford life submit
ted to the Quad by students have been
offered by the yearbook staff. The
prizes have not yet been decided upon,
but students whose work is accepted
will receive a free Quad.
Contributions may be sent in at any
time to the "Stanford Life" editor of
the Quad, Box 100, Campus.
Prizes for the best poetry, the best
short prose passage, and the best
camera study on Stanford life submit
ted to the Quad by students have been
offered by the yearbook staff. The
prizes have not yet been decided upon,
but students whose work is accepted
will receive a free Quad.
Contributions may be sent in at any
time to the "Stanford Life" editor of
the Quad, Box 100, Campus.
Prizes for the best poetry, the best
short prose passage, and the best
camera study on Stanford life submit
ted to the Quad by students have been
offered by the yearbook staff. The
prizes have not yet been decided upon,
but students whose work is accepted
will receive a free Quad.
Contributions may be sent in at any
time to the "Stanford Life" editor of
the Quad, Box 100, Campus.
