# NEW YORK PREACHER TO ADDRESS CHAPEL AT MORNING SERVICE
## 
### 
Reverend Richard La Rue Swain,
Ph.D., of New York, who is regarded
by many eminent authorities as one of
the foremost preachers of the present
generation, will present the addresses
the morning chapel exercises srvices
this wek. Rev. Swain's experience as

a man and as a minister, serving as a
background for his eloquence at the
pulpit has made his addresses popular
with the students of a large number of
universities and colleges which he has
addressed in his tours. "What Is God?"
was the subject of yesterday's address.
The program for the remainder of the
week follows: today, "Can We See God?"
Wednesday, "How Is Man Related to God
and the Universe?" Thursday, "Is it
Possible for Us to Know the True and
Final Religion?'' Friday, "For What Do
God, Man and the Universe Exist?"

Morning chapel services will be held
each day at 7:50.
