# U. C. CANCELS JUNIOR COLLEGE AFFILIATIONS
## 
### 
California junior colleges will here
after he entirely independent of the
University of California. This was de
cided at a meeting of the state superin
tendents at Pasadena last week. It was
thought that as the junior colleges have
gained recognition as accredited schools
among the colleges of the United States,
there is no further need of their depend
ence on the state university.

As supervising the courses of the
junior colleges was quite a task for the
university, it is thought that both the
junior colleges and the university will
benefit by this cancellation of aifiilia
tion.
California junior colleges will here
after he entirely independent of the
University of California. This was de
cided at a meeting of the state superin
tendents at Pasadena last week. It was
thought that as the junior colleges have
gained recognition as accredited schools
among the colleges of the United States,
there is no further need of their depend
ence on the state university.

As supervising the courses of the
junior colleges was quite a task for the
university, it is thought that both the
junior colleges and the university will
benefit by this cancellation of aifiilia
tion.
California junior colleges will here
after he entirely independent of the
University of California. This was de
cided at a meeting of the state superin
tendents at Pasadena last week. It was
thought that as the junior colleges have
gained recognition as accredited schools
among the colleges of the United States,
there is no further need of their depend
ence on the state university.

As supervising the courses of the
junior colleges was quite a task for the
university, it is thought that both the
junior colleges and the university will
benefit by this cancellation of aifiilia
tion.
California junior colleges will here
after he entirely independent of the
University of California. This was de
cided at a meeting of the state superin
tendents at Pasadena last week. It was
thought that as the junior colleges have
gained recognition as accredited schools
among the colleges of the United States,
there is no further need of their depend
ence on the state university.

As supervising the courses of the
junior colleges was quite a task for the
university, it is thought that both the
junior colleges and the university will
benefit by this cancellation of aifiilia
tion.
California junior colleges will here
after he entirely independent of the
University of California. This was de
cided at a meeting of the state superin
tendents at Pasadena last week. It was
thought that as the junior colleges have
gained recognition as accredited schools
among the colleges of the United States,
there is no further need of their depend
ence on the state university.

As supervising the courses of the
junior colleges was quite a task for the
university, it is thought that both the
junior colleges and the university will
benefit by this cancellation of aifiilia
tion.
California junior colleges will here
after he entirely independent of the
University of California. This was de
cided at a meeting of the state superin
tendents at Pasadena last week. It was
thought that as the junior colleges have
gained recognition as accredited schools
among the colleges of the United States,
there is no further need of their depend
ence on the state university.

As supervising the courses of the
junior colleges was quite a task for the
university, it is thought that both the
junior colleges and the university will
benefit by this cancellation of aifiilia
tion.
California junior colleges will here
after he entirely independent of the
University of California. This was de
cided at a meeting of the state superin
tendents at Pasadena last week. It was
thought that as the junior colleges have
gained recognition as accredited schools
among the colleges of the United States,
there is no further need of their depend
ence on the state university.

As supervising the courses of the
junior colleges was quite a task for the
university, it is thought that both the
junior colleges and the university will
benefit by this cancellation of aifiilia
tion.
California junior colleges will here
after he entirely independent of the
University of California. This was de
cided at a meeting of the state superin
tendents at Pasadena last week. It was
thought that as the junior colleges have
gained recognition as accredited schools
among the colleges of the United States,
there is no further need of their depend
ence on the state university.

As supervising the courses of the
junior colleges was quite a task for the
university, it is thought that both the
junior colleges and the university will
benefit by this cancellation of aifiilia
tion.
California junior colleges will here
after he entirely independent of the
University of California. This was de
cided at a meeting of the state superin
tendents at Pasadena last week. It was
thought that as the junior colleges have
gained recognition as accredited schools
among the colleges of the United States,
there is no further need of their depend
ence on the state university.

As supervising the courses of the
junior colleges was quite a task for the
university, it is thought that both the
junior colleges and the university will
benefit by this cancellation of aifiilia
tion.
California junior colleges will here
after he entirely independent of the
University of California. This was de
cided at a meeting of the state superin
tendents at Pasadena last week. It was
thought that as the junior colleges have
gained recognition as accredited schools
among the colleges of the United States,
there is no further need of their depend
ence on the state university.

As supervising the courses of the
junior colleges was quite a task for the
university, it is thought that both the
junior colleges and the university will
benefit by this cancellation of aifiilia
tion.
California junior colleges will here
after he entirely independent of the
University of California. This was de
cided at a meeting of the state superin
tendents at Pasadena last week. It was
thought that as the junior colleges have
gained recognition as accredited schools
among the colleges of the United States,
there is no further need of their depend
ence on the state university.

As supervising the courses of the
junior colleges was quite a task for the
university, it is thought that both the
junior colleges and the university will
benefit by this cancellation of aifiilia
tion.
California junior colleges will here
after he entirely independent of the
University of California. This was de
cided at a meeting of the state superin
tendents at Pasadena last week. It was
thought that as the junior colleges have
gained recognition as accredited schools
among the colleges of the United States,
there is no further need of their depend
ence on the state university.

As supervising the courses of the
junior colleges was quite a task for the
university, it is thought that both the
junior colleges and the university will
benefit by this cancellation of aifiilia
tion.
California junior colleges will here
after he entirely independent of the
University of California. This was de
cided at a meeting of the state superin
tendents at Pasadena last week. It was
thought that as the junior colleges have
gained recognition as accredited schools
among the colleges of the United States,
there is no further need of their depend
ence on the state university.

As supervising the courses of the
junior colleges was quite a task for the
university, it is thought that both the
junior colleges and the university will
benefit by this cancellation of aifiilia
tion.
California junior colleges will here
after he entirely independent of the
University of California. This was de
cided at a meeting of the state superin
tendents at Pasadena last week. It was
thought that as the junior colleges have
gained recognition as accredited schools
among the colleges of the United States,
there is no further need of their depend
ence on the state university.

As supervising the courses of the
junior colleges was quite a task for the
university, it is thought that both the
junior colleges and the university will
benefit by this cancellation of aifiilia
tion.
California junior colleges will here
after he entirely independent of the
University of California. This was de
cided at a meeting of the state superin
tendents at Pasadena last week. It was
thought that as the junior colleges have
gained recognition as accredited schools
among the colleges of the United States,
there is no further need of their depend
ence on the state university.

As supervising the courses of the
junior colleges was quite a task for the
university, it is thought that both the
junior colleges and the university will
benefit by this cancellation of aifiilia
tion.
