# Law Review Names 19 to Edit Board
## 
### 
Nineteen second-year law stu
dents have been selec ted to form
the Board of Editors of the Stan
ford Law Review.
All have served an apprentice
ship as candidates for member
ship for the past year.
John F. Hopkins was elected
president by the new and outgo
ing members.
The Review is a quarterly jour
nal made up of articles by legal
authorities, book reviews and
comments on leg;il problems and
recent cases by members of the
editorial board.
Other 18 members are: John
Bradley, Richard Carver, Paul
Freese, Philip Saeta, Dennis
Vaughn, William Guilfoyle, James
Hurst, Douglas White, Robert
Granucci, LaForest Phillips, Wil
liam Drayton, Charles Richard
son, Jerome Muys, George Nor
ton, Goerge McKaig, Philip Wile,
Robert Anthony and Philip Irwin.
Nineteen second-year law stu
dents have been selec ted to form
the Board of Editors of the Stan
ford Law Review.
All have served an apprentice
ship as candidates for member
ship for the past year.
John F. Hopkins was elected
president by the new and outgo
ing members.
The Review is a quarterly jour
nal made up of articles by legal
authorities, book reviews and
comments on leg;il problems and
recent cases by members of the
editorial board.
Other 18 members are: John
Bradley, Richard Carver, Paul
Freese, Philip Saeta, Dennis
Vaughn, William Guilfoyle, James
Hurst, Douglas White, Robert
Granucci, LaForest Phillips, Wil
liam Drayton, Charles Richard
son, Jerome Muys, George Nor
ton, Goerge McKaig, Philip Wile,
Robert Anthony and Philip Irwin.
Nineteen second-year law stu
dents have been selec ted to form
the Board of Editors of the Stan
ford Law Review.
All have served an apprentice
ship as candidates for member
ship for the past year.
John F. Hopkins was elected
president by the new and outgo
ing members.
The Review is a quarterly jour
nal made up of articles by legal
authorities, book reviews and
comments on leg;il problems and
recent cases by members of the
editorial board.
Other 18 members are: John
Bradley, Richard Carver, Paul
Freese, Philip Saeta, Dennis
Vaughn, William Guilfoyle, James
Hurst, Douglas White, Robert
Granucci, LaForest Phillips, Wil
liam Drayton, Charles Richard
son, Jerome Muys, George Nor
ton, Goerge McKaig, Philip Wile,
Robert Anthony and Philip Irwin.
Nineteen second-year law stu
dents have been selec ted to form
the Board of Editors of the Stan
ford Law Review.
All have served an apprentice
ship as candidates for member
ship for the past year.
John F. Hopkins was elected
president by the new and outgo
ing members.
The Review is a quarterly jour
nal made up of articles by legal
authorities, book reviews and
comments on leg;il problems and
recent cases by members of the
editorial board.
Other 18 members are: John
Bradley, Richard Carver, Paul
Freese, Philip Saeta, Dennis
Vaughn, William Guilfoyle, James
Hurst, Douglas White, Robert
Granucci, LaForest Phillips, Wil
liam Drayton, Charles Richard
son, Jerome Muys, George Nor
ton, Goerge McKaig, Philip Wile,
Robert Anthony and Philip Irwin.
Nineteen second-year law stu
dents have been selec ted to form
the Board of Editors of the Stan
ford Law Review.
All have served an apprentice
ship as candidates for member
ship for the past year.
John F. Hopkins was elected
president by the new and outgo
ing members.
The Review is a quarterly jour
nal made up of articles by legal
authorities, book reviews and
comments on leg;il problems and
recent cases by members of the
editorial board.
Other 18 members are: John
Bradley, Richard Carver, Paul
Freese, Philip Saeta, Dennis
Vaughn, William Guilfoyle, James
Hurst, Douglas White, Robert
Granucci, LaForest Phillips, Wil
liam Drayton, Charles Richard
son, Jerome Muys, George Nor
ton, Goerge McKaig, Philip Wile,
Robert Anthony and Philip Irwin.
Nineteen second-year law stu
dents have been selec ted to form
the Board of Editors of the Stan
ford Law Review.
All have served an apprentice
ship as candidates for member
ship for the past year.
John F. Hopkins was elected
president by the new and outgo
ing members.
The Review is a quarterly jour
nal made up of articles by legal
authorities, book reviews and
comments on leg;il problems and
recent cases by members of the
editorial board.
Other 18 members are: John
Bradley, Richard Carver, Paul
Freese, Philip Saeta, Dennis
Vaughn, William Guilfoyle, James
Hurst, Douglas White, Robert
Granucci, LaForest Phillips, Wil
liam Drayton, Charles Richard
son, Jerome Muys, George Nor
ton, Goerge McKaig, Philip Wile,
Robert Anthony and Philip Irwin.
Nineteen second-year law stu
dents have been selec ted to form
the Board of Editors of the Stan
ford Law Review.
All have served an apprentice
ship as candidates for member
ship for the past year.
John F. Hopkins was elected
president by the new and outgo
ing members.
The Review is a quarterly jour
nal made up of articles by legal
authorities, book reviews and
comments on leg;il problems and
recent cases by members of the
editorial board.
Other 18 members are: John
Bradley, Richard Carver, Paul
Freese, Philip Saeta, Dennis
Vaughn, William Guilfoyle, James
Hurst, Douglas White, Robert
Granucci, LaForest Phillips, Wil
liam Drayton, Charles Richard
son, Jerome Muys, George Nor
ton, Goerge McKaig, Philip Wile,
Robert Anthony and Philip Irwin.
Nineteen second-year law stu
dents have been selec ted to form
the Board of Editors of the Stan
ford Law Review.
All have served an apprentice
ship as candidates for member
ship for the past year.
John F. Hopkins was elected
president by the new and outgo
ing members.
The Review is a quarterly jour
nal made up of articles by legal
authorities, book reviews and
comments on leg;il problems and
recent cases by members of the
editorial board.
Other 18 members are: John
Bradley, Richard Carver, Paul
Freese, Philip Saeta, Dennis
Vaughn, William Guilfoyle, James
Hurst, Douglas White, Robert
Granucci, LaForest Phillips, Wil
liam Drayton, Charles Richard
son, Jerome Muys, George Nor
ton, Goerge McKaig, Philip Wile,
Robert Anthony and Philip Irwin.
Nineteen second-year law stu
dents have been selec ted to form
the Board of Editors of the Stan
ford Law Review.
All have served an apprentice
ship as candidates for member
ship for the past year.
John F. Hopkins was elected
president by the new and outgo
ing members.
The Review is a quarterly jour
nal made up of articles by legal
authorities, book reviews and
comments on leg;il problems and
recent cases by members of the
editorial board.
Other 18 members are: John
Bradley, Richard Carver, Paul
Freese, Philip Saeta, Dennis
Vaughn, William Guilfoyle, James
Hurst, Douglas White, Robert
Granucci, LaForest Phillips, Wil
liam Drayton, Charles Richard
son, Jerome Muys, George Nor
ton, Goerge McKaig, Philip Wile,
Robert Anthony and Philip Irwin.
Nineteen second-year law stu
dents have been selec ted to form
the Board of Editors of the Stan
ford Law Review.
All have served an apprentice
ship as candidates for member
ship for the past year.
John F. Hopkins was elected
president by the new and outgo
ing members.
The Review is a quarterly jour
nal made up of articles by legal
authorities, book reviews and
comments on leg;il problems and
recent cases by members of the
editorial board.
Other 18 members are: John
Bradley, Richard Carver, Paul
Freese, Philip Saeta, Dennis
Vaughn, William Guilfoyle, James
Hurst, Douglas White, Robert
Granucci, LaForest Phillips, Wil
liam Drayton, Charles Richard
son, Jerome Muys, George Nor
ton, Goerge McKaig, Philip Wile,
Robert Anthony and Philip Irwin.
Nineteen second-year law stu
dents have been selec ted to form
the Board of Editors of the Stan
ford Law Review.
All have served an apprentice
ship as candidates for member
ship for the past year.
John F. Hopkins was elected
president by the new and outgo
ing members.
The Review is a quarterly jour
nal made up of articles by legal
authorities, book reviews and
comments on leg;il problems and
recent cases by members of the
editorial board.
Other 18 members are: John
Bradley, Richard Carver, Paul
Freese, Philip Saeta, Dennis
Vaughn, William Guilfoyle, James
Hurst, Douglas White, Robert
Granucci, LaForest Phillips, Wil
liam Drayton, Charles Richard
son, Jerome Muys, George Nor
ton, Goerge McKaig, Philip Wile,
Robert Anthony and Philip Irwin.
Nineteen second-year law stu
dents have been selec ted to form
the Board of Editors of the Stan
ford Law Review.
All have served an apprentice
ship as candidates for member
ship for the past year.
John F. Hopkins was elected
president by the new and outgo
ing members.
The Review is a quarterly jour
nal made up of articles by legal
authorities, book reviews and
comments on leg;il problems and
recent cases by members of the
editorial board.
Other 18 members are: John
Bradley, Richard Carver, Paul
Freese, Philip Saeta, Dennis
Vaughn, William Guilfoyle, James
Hurst, Douglas White, Robert
Granucci, LaForest Phillips, Wil
liam Drayton, Charles Richard
son, Jerome Muys, George Nor
ton, Goerge McKaig, Philip Wile,
Robert Anthony and Philip Irwin.
Nineteen second-year law stu
dents have been selec ted to form
the Board of Editors of the Stan
ford Law Review.
All have served an apprentice
ship as candidates for member
ship for the past year.
John F. Hopkins was elected
president by the new and outgo
ing members.
The Review is a quarterly jour
nal made up of articles by legal
authorities, book reviews and
comments on leg;il problems and
recent cases by members of the
editorial board.
Other 18 members are: John
Bradley, Richard Carver, Paul
Freese, Philip Saeta, Dennis
Vaughn, William Guilfoyle, James
Hurst, Douglas White, Robert
Granucci, LaForest Phillips, Wil
liam Drayton, Charles Richard
son, Jerome Muys, George Nor
ton, Goerge McKaig, Philip Wile,
Robert Anthony and Philip Irwin.
Nineteen second-year law stu
dents have been selec ted to form
the Board of Editors of the Stan
ford Law Review.
All have served an apprentice
ship as candidates for member
ship for the past year.
John F. Hopkins was elected
president by the new and outgo
ing members.
The Review is a quarterly jour
nal made up of articles by legal
authorities, book reviews and
comments on leg;il problems and
recent cases by members of the
editorial board.
Other 18 members are: John
Bradley, Richard Carver, Paul
Freese, Philip Saeta, Dennis
Vaughn, William Guilfoyle, James
Hurst, Douglas White, Robert
Granucci, LaForest Phillips, Wil
liam Drayton, Charles Richard
son, Jerome Muys, George Nor
ton, Goerge McKaig, Philip Wile,
Robert Anthony and Philip Irwin.
Nineteen second-year law stu
dents have been selec ted to form
the Board of Editors of the Stan
ford Law Review.
All have served an apprentice
ship as candidates for member
ship for the past year.
John F. Hopkins was elected
president by the new and outgo
ing members.
The Review is a quarterly jour
nal made up of articles by legal
authorities, book reviews and
comments on leg;il problems and
recent cases by members of the
editorial board.
Other 18 members are: John
Bradley, Richard Carver, Paul
Freese, Philip Saeta, Dennis
Vaughn, William Guilfoyle, James
Hurst, Douglas White, Robert
Granucci, LaForest Phillips, Wil
liam Drayton, Charles Richard
son, Jerome Muys, George Nor
ton, Goerge McKaig, Philip Wile,
Robert Anthony and Philip Irwin.
