# Junior Glass Holds Reunion at Rudy's
## 
### 
Junior class reunion will he
held Friday afternoon from 3 to
6 at Rudy's.
Theme of the reunion is barn
dance with Western music. It is
free to class card holders and
costs 50 cents for others.
Junior class reunion will he
held Friday afternoon from 3 to
6 at Rudy's.
Theme of the reunion is barn
dance with Western music. It is
free to class card holders and
costs 50 cents for others.
Junior class reunion will he
held Friday afternoon from 3 to
6 at Rudy's.
Theme of the reunion is barn
dance with Western music. It is
free to class card holders and
costs 50 cents for others.
Junior class reunion will he
held Friday afternoon from 3 to
6 at Rudy's.
Theme of the reunion is barn
dance with Western music. It is
free to class card holders and
costs 50 cents for others.
Junior class reunion will he
held Friday afternoon from 3 to
6 at Rudy's.
Theme of the reunion is barn
dance with Western music. It is
free to class card holders and
costs 50 cents for others.
Junior class reunion will he
held Friday afternoon from 3 to
6 at Rudy's.
Theme of the reunion is barn
dance with Western music. It is
free to class card holders and
costs 50 cents for others.
Junior class reunion will he
held Friday afternoon from 3 to
6 at Rudy's.
Theme of the reunion is barn
dance with Western music. It is
free to class card holders and
costs 50 cents for others.
Junior class reunion will he
held Friday afternoon from 3 to
6 at Rudy's.
Theme of the reunion is barn
dance with Western music. It is
free to class card holders and
costs 50 cents for others.
Junior class reunion will he
held Friday afternoon from 3 to
6 at Rudy's.
Theme of the reunion is barn
dance with Western music. It is
free to class card holders and
costs 50 cents for others.
Junior class reunion will he
held Friday afternoon from 3 to
6 at Rudy's.
Theme of the reunion is barn
dance with Western music. It is
free to class card holders and
costs 50 cents for others.
Junior class reunion will he
held Friday afternoon from 3 to
6 at Rudy's.
Theme of the reunion is barn
dance with Western music. It is
free to class card holders and
costs 50 cents for others.
Junior class reunion will he
held Friday afternoon from 3 to
6 at Rudy's.
Theme of the reunion is barn
dance with Western music. It is
free to class card holders and
costs 50 cents for others.
Junior class reunion will he
held Friday afternoon from 3 to
6 at Rudy's.
Theme of the reunion is barn
dance with Western music. It is
free to class card holders and
costs 50 cents for others.
Junior class reunion will he
held Friday afternoon from 3 to
6 at Rudy's.
Theme of the reunion is barn
dance with Western music. It is
free to class card holders and
costs 50 cents for others.
Junior class reunion will he
held Friday afternoon from 3 to
6 at Rudy's.
Theme of the reunion is barn
dance with Western music. It is
free to class card holders and
costs 50 cents for others.
