# Adv. 17 Page 4
## 
### 
A SMASHINC NEW
DOUBLE-FEATURE PROCRAM
STARTS TONITE!
FEATURE HIT No. 1
"MEN WITH
WINGS"
The mightiest air drama ever
filmed . . . with
FRED MAC MURRAY
LOUISE CAMPBELL
RAY MILLAND
ANDY DEVINE
LYNNE OVERMAN
FEATURE HIT No. 2
THE JONES FAMILY
In
'SAFETY IN
NUMBERS"
Use Daily Want Ads
A SMASHINC NEW
DOUBLE-FEATURE PROCRAM
STARTS TONITE!
FEATURE HIT No. 1
"MEN WITH
WINGS"
The mightiest air drama ever
filmed . . . with
FRED MAC MURRAY
LOUISE CAMPBELL
RAY MILLAND
ANDY DEVINE
LYNNE OVERMAN
FEATURE HIT No. 2
THE JONES FAMILY
In
'SAFETY IN
NUMBERS"
Use Daily Want Ads
A SMASHINC NEW
DOUBLE-FEATURE PROCRAM
STARTS TONITE!
FEATURE HIT No. 1
"MEN WITH
WINGS"
The mightiest air drama ever
filmed . . . with
FRED MAC MURRAY
LOUISE CAMPBELL
RAY MILLAND
ANDY DEVINE
LYNNE OVERMAN
FEATURE HIT No. 2
THE JONES FAMILY
In
'SAFETY IN
NUMBERS"
Use Daily Want Ads
A SMASHINC NEW
DOUBLE-FEATURE PROCRAM
STARTS TONITE!
FEATURE HIT No. 1
"MEN WITH
WINGS"
The mightiest air drama ever
filmed . . . with
FRED MAC MURRAY
LOUISE CAMPBELL
RAY MILLAND
ANDY DEVINE
LYNNE OVERMAN
FEATURE HIT No. 2
THE JONES FAMILY
In
'SAFETY IN
NUMBERS"
Use Daily Want Ads
A SMASHINC NEW
DOUBLE-FEATURE PROCRAM
STARTS TONITE!
FEATURE HIT No. 1
"MEN WITH
WINGS"
The mightiest air drama ever
filmed . . . with
FRED MAC MURRAY
LOUISE CAMPBELL
RAY MILLAND
ANDY DEVINE
LYNNE OVERMAN
FEATURE HIT No. 2
THE JONES FAMILY
In
'SAFETY IN
NUMBERS"
Use Daily Want Ads
A SMASHINC NEW
DOUBLE-FEATURE PROCRAM
STARTS TONITE!
FEATURE HIT No. 1
"MEN WITH
WINGS"
The mightiest air drama ever
filmed . . . with
FRED MAC MURRAY
LOUISE CAMPBELL
RAY MILLAND
ANDY DEVINE
LYNNE OVERMAN
FEATURE HIT No. 2
THE JONES FAMILY
In
'SAFETY IN
NUMBERS"
Use Daily Want Ads
A SMASHINC NEW
DOUBLE-FEATURE PROCRAM
STARTS TONITE!
FEATURE HIT No. 1
"MEN WITH
WINGS"
The mightiest air drama ever
filmed . . . with
FRED MAC MURRAY
LOUISE CAMPBELL
RAY MILLAND
ANDY DEVINE
LYNNE OVERMAN
FEATURE HIT No. 2
THE JONES FAMILY
In
'SAFETY IN
NUMBERS"
Use Daily Want Ads
A SMASHINC NEW
DOUBLE-FEATURE PROCRAM
STARTS TONITE!
FEATURE HIT No. 1
"MEN WITH
WINGS"
The mightiest air drama ever
filmed . . . with
FRED MAC MURRAY
LOUISE CAMPBELL
RAY MILLAND
ANDY DEVINE
LYNNE OVERMAN
FEATURE HIT No. 2
THE JONES FAMILY
In
'SAFETY IN
NUMBERS"
Use Daily Want Ads
A SMASHINC NEW
DOUBLE-FEATURE PROCRAM
STARTS TONITE!
FEATURE HIT No. 1
"MEN WITH
WINGS"
The mightiest air drama ever
filmed . . . with
FRED MAC MURRAY
LOUISE CAMPBELL
RAY MILLAND
ANDY DEVINE
LYNNE OVERMAN
FEATURE HIT No. 2
THE JONES FAMILY
In
'SAFETY IN
NUMBERS"
Use Daily Want Ads
A SMASHINC NEW
DOUBLE-FEATURE PROCRAM
STARTS TONITE!
FEATURE HIT No. 1
"MEN WITH
WINGS"
The mightiest air drama ever
filmed . . . with
FRED MAC MURRAY
LOUISE CAMPBELL
RAY MILLAND
ANDY DEVINE
LYNNE OVERMAN
FEATURE HIT No. 2
THE JONES FAMILY
In
'SAFETY IN
NUMBERS"
Use Daily Want Ads
A SMASHINC NEW
DOUBLE-FEATURE PROCRAM
STARTS TONITE!
FEATURE HIT No. 1
"MEN WITH
WINGS"
The mightiest air drama ever
filmed . . . with
FRED MAC MURRAY
LOUISE CAMPBELL
RAY MILLAND
ANDY DEVINE
LYNNE OVERMAN
FEATURE HIT No. 2
THE JONES FAMILY
In
'SAFETY IN
NUMBERS"
Use Daily Want Ads
A SMASHINC NEW
DOUBLE-FEATURE PROCRAM
STARTS TONITE!
FEATURE HIT No. 1
"MEN WITH
WINGS"
The mightiest air drama ever
filmed . . . with
FRED MAC MURRAY
LOUISE CAMPBELL
RAY MILLAND
ANDY DEVINE
LYNNE OVERMAN
FEATURE HIT No. 2
THE JONES FAMILY
In
'SAFETY IN
NUMBERS"
Use Daily Want Ads
A SMASHINC NEW
DOUBLE-FEATURE PROCRAM
STARTS TONITE!
FEATURE HIT No. 1
"MEN WITH
WINGS"
The mightiest air drama ever
filmed . . . with
FRED MAC MURRAY
LOUISE CAMPBELL
RAY MILLAND
ANDY DEVINE
LYNNE OVERMAN
FEATURE HIT No. 2
THE JONES FAMILY
In
'SAFETY IN
NUMBERS"
Use Daily Want Ads
A SMASHINC NEW
DOUBLE-FEATURE PROCRAM
STARTS TONITE!
FEATURE HIT No. 1
"MEN WITH
WINGS"
The mightiest air drama ever
filmed . . . with
FRED MAC MURRAY
LOUISE CAMPBELL
RAY MILLAND
ANDY DEVINE
LYNNE OVERMAN
FEATURE HIT No. 2
THE JONES FAMILY
In
'SAFETY IN
NUMBERS"
Use Daily Want Ads
A SMASHINC NEW
DOUBLE-FEATURE PROCRAM
STARTS TONITE!
FEATURE HIT No. 1
"MEN WITH
WINGS"
The mightiest air drama ever
filmed . . . with
FRED MAC MURRAY
LOUISE CAMPBELL
RAY MILLAND
ANDY DEVINE
LYNNE OVERMAN
FEATURE HIT No. 2
THE JONES FAMILY
In
'SAFETY IN
NUMBERS"
Use Daily Want Ads
A SMASHINC NEW
DOUBLE-FEATURE PROCRAM
STARTS TONITE!
FEATURE HIT No. 1
"MEN WITH
WINGS"
The mightiest air drama ever
filmed . . . with
FRED MAC MURRAY
LOUISE CAMPBELL
RAY MILLAND
ANDY DEVINE
LYNNE OVERMAN
FEATURE HIT No. 2
THE JONES FAMILY
In
'SAFETY IN
NUMBERS"
Use Daily Want Ads
