# SCIENCE'S IDEA OF CLOCK
## 
### 

ABOVE IS PICTURED a new Cosmochron, a '"clock" of the geological ages, at Los Angeles Griffith Park
Observatory. A bronze hand crosses five segments in the dial, one segment for each geological period. At
left is Dr. Chester Stock of California Institute of Technology, and at right, Dr. Dinsmore Alter, observa
tory director.

ABOVE IS PICTURED a new Cosmochron, a '"clock" of the geological ages, at Los Angeles Griffith Park
Observatory. A bronze hand crosses five segments in the dial, one segment for each geological period. At
left is Dr. Chester Stock of California Institute of Technology, and at right, Dr. Dinsmore Alter, observa
tory director.

ABOVE IS PICTURED a new Cosmochron, a '"clock" of the geological ages, at Los Angeles Griffith Park
Observatory. A bronze hand crosses five segments in the dial, one segment for each geological period. At
left is Dr. Chester Stock of California Institute of Technology, and at right, Dr. Dinsmore Alter, observa
tory director.

ABOVE IS PICTURED a new Cosmochron, a '"clock" of the geological ages, at Los Angeles Griffith Park
Observatory. A bronze hand crosses five segments in the dial, one segment for each geological period. At
left is Dr. Chester Stock of California Institute of Technology, and at right, Dr. Dinsmore Alter, observa
tory director.

ABOVE IS PICTURED a new Cosmochron, a '"clock" of the geological ages, at Los Angeles Griffith Park
Observatory. A bronze hand crosses five segments in the dial, one segment for each geological period. At
left is Dr. Chester Stock of California Institute of Technology, and at right, Dr. Dinsmore Alter, observa
tory director.

ABOVE IS PICTURED a new Cosmochron, a '"clock" of the geological ages, at Los Angeles Griffith Park
Observatory. A bronze hand crosses five segments in the dial, one segment for each geological period. At
left is Dr. Chester Stock of California Institute of Technology, and at right, Dr. Dinsmore Alter, observa
tory director.

ABOVE IS PICTURED a new Cosmochron, a '"clock" of the geological ages, at Los Angeles Griffith Park
Observatory. A bronze hand crosses five segments in the dial, one segment for each geological period. At
left is Dr. Chester Stock of California Institute of Technology, and at right, Dr. Dinsmore Alter, observa
tory director.

ABOVE IS PICTURED a new Cosmochron, a '"clock" of the geological ages, at Los Angeles Griffith Park
Observatory. A bronze hand crosses five segments in the dial, one segment for each geological period. At
left is Dr. Chester Stock of California Institute of Technology, and at right, Dr. Dinsmore Alter, observa
tory director.

ABOVE IS PICTURED a new Cosmochron, a '"clock" of the geological ages, at Los Angeles Griffith Park
Observatory. A bronze hand crosses five segments in the dial, one segment for each geological period. At
left is Dr. Chester Stock of California Institute of Technology, and at right, Dr. Dinsmore Alter, observa
tory director.

ABOVE IS PICTURED a new Cosmochron, a '"clock" of the geological ages, at Los Angeles Griffith Park
Observatory. A bronze hand crosses five segments in the dial, one segment for each geological period. At
left is Dr. Chester Stock of California Institute of Technology, and at right, Dr. Dinsmore Alter, observa
tory director.

ABOVE IS PICTURED a new Cosmochron, a '"clock" of the geological ages, at Los Angeles Griffith Park
Observatory. A bronze hand crosses five segments in the dial, one segment for each geological period. At
left is Dr. Chester Stock of California Institute of Technology, and at right, Dr. Dinsmore Alter, observa
tory director.

ABOVE IS PICTURED a new Cosmochron, a '"clock" of the geological ages, at Los Angeles Griffith Park
Observatory. A bronze hand crosses five segments in the dial, one segment for each geological period. At
left is Dr. Chester Stock of California Institute of Technology, and at right, Dr. Dinsmore Alter, observa
tory director.

ABOVE IS PICTURED a new Cosmochron, a '"clock" of the geological ages, at Los Angeles Griffith Park
Observatory. A bronze hand crosses five segments in the dial, one segment for each geological period. At
left is Dr. Chester Stock of California Institute of Technology, and at right, Dr. Dinsmore Alter, observa
tory director.

ABOVE IS PICTURED a new Cosmochron, a '"clock" of the geological ages, at Los Angeles Griffith Park
Observatory. A bronze hand crosses five segments in the dial, one segment for each geological period. At
left is Dr. Chester Stock of California Institute of Technology, and at right, Dr. Dinsmore Alter, observa
tory director.

ABOVE IS PICTURED a new Cosmochron, a '"clock" of the geological ages, at Los Angeles Griffith Park
Observatory. A bronze hand crosses five segments in the dial, one segment for each geological period. At
left is Dr. Chester Stock of California Institute of Technology, and at right, Dr. Dinsmore Alter, observa
tory director.

ABOVE IS PICTURED a new Cosmochron, a '"clock" of the geological ages, at Los Angeles Griffith Park
Observatory. A bronze hand crosses five segments in the dial, one segment for each geological period. At
left is Dr. Chester Stock of California Institute of Technology, and at right, Dr. Dinsmore Alter, observa
tory director.
