# CHI OMEGA ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Chi Omega announces the en
gagement of Joan Crawford, '42, to
Louis Kliendiest.
Chi Omega announces the en
gagement of Joan Crawford, '42, to
Louis Kliendiest.
Chi Omega announces the en
gagement of Joan Crawford, '42, to
Louis Kliendiest.
Chi Omega announces the en
gagement of Joan Crawford, '42, to
Louis Kliendiest.
Chi Omega announces the en
gagement of Joan Crawford, '42, to
Louis Kliendiest.
Chi Omega announces the en
gagement of Joan Crawford, '42, to
Louis Kliendiest.
Chi Omega announces the en
gagement of Joan Crawford, '42, to
Louis Kliendiest.
Chi Omega announces the en
gagement of Joan Crawford, '42, to
Louis Kliendiest.
Chi Omega announces the en
gagement of Joan Crawford, '42, to
Louis Kliendiest.
Chi Omega announces the en
gagement of Joan Crawford, '42, to
Louis Kliendiest.
Chi Omega announces the en
gagement of Joan Crawford, '42, to
Louis Kliendiest.
Chi Omega announces the en
gagement of Joan Crawford, '42, to
Louis Kliendiest.
Chi Omega announces the en
gagement of Joan Crawford, '42, to
Louis Kliendiest.
Chi Omega announces the en
gagement of Joan Crawford, '42, to
Louis Kliendiest.
Chi Omega announces the en
gagement of Joan Crawford, '42, to
Louis Kliendiest.
Chi Omega announces the en
gagement of Joan Crawford, '42, to
Louis Kliendiest.
