# Adv. 69 Page 22
## 
### 
Get all
the tax
relief
the law
allows
The IRS wants you to know all
the tax savings to look for this
season.
You could save up to $500 off
your taxes for each dependent
child under 17, with the 1999
Child Tax Credit.
You could save up to S I 500 in
taxes for each college student,
with a HOPI Credit. Or lip to
Siooo per qualilving student
with the I iletime I earning
Credit. Ihcse are just two of the
wa\s to help vou meet the costs
of higher education.
You could save paving taxes on
future earnings and gains with a
Roth IRA.
()r take advantage of options
that make the traditional IRAs
more accessible to the needs ol
an education or a first home.
lor all available tax relief,
check vou.r 1999 tax booklet.
Or consult the IRS Web site:
