# Campus Bulletin
## 
### 
Youngest heart-lung transplant done here

On Sept. 20, a two-and-a
half-year-old boy became the
youngest heart-lung transplant
recipient in the United States
in an operation at the Medical
Center.
Nicholas Morgan was the
55th person to receive a heart
lung transplant at Stanford
since the program began in
1981. Morgan is in stable con
dition and doing well, according
to Clinical Nursing Supervisor
Maria Diamond.
The donor was a two-and-a
half-year-old boy from the Los
Angeles area who died from a
congenital defect. Dr. Edward
Stinson performed the opera
tion in Los Angeles to retrieve

the organs. The organs were
quickly flown to Stanford
where the transplant operation
was conducted.
Dr. Vaughn Starnes, head of
Stanford's heart-lung
transplant program, performed
the operation. Morgan, who
had a congenital heart disease
and secondary pulmonary hy
pertension, had been waiting
for the oragans since July.
Dr. Michael Daye of the Uni
versity of Minnesota keeps a
national registry of heart and
heart-lung transplants and
confirmed that Morgan was the
youngest ever to undergo the
operation.
Medical Center News Bureau

Woman named head of new Med School dept.

The School of Medicine has
a new department. Dr. Lucille
Shapiro has been appointed
Joseph Grant Professor and
chair of the new Department
of Developmental Biology.
Shapiro, whose appointment
will go into effect on Jan. 1,
1989, will be the first woman
to chair a department at the
Medical School. As developer

for the new department, she is
an important component of the
program in molecular and ge
netic medicine.
Shapiro, 48, has been the
Eugene Higgins Professor and
chair for the department of
microbiology at the College of
Physicians and Surgeons at Co
lumbia University since 1986.
Medical Center News Bureau
