# Confidentiality and Foley
## 
### 
Sandy Thompson

Students have suggested that
political discrimination may
underlie the failure of the
economics faculty to offer tenure
to Assoc. Prof. Duncan Foley.
Since the efforts of the faculty to
stonewall this controversy are
increasingly centered upon the
issue of confidentiality, we must
inquire how this issue of confi
dentiality relates to the possibil
ity of political discrimination.
First, regarding the rights of
the individuals involved. Foley
has publicly indicated his wil
lingness to discuss the waiver of
this right. However, no faculty
spokesperson has vet broached
the subject with him.

Further, if a responsible,
democratic decision was
achieved, it can be justified col
lectively without any reference
to individual faculty particip
ants. Also, both the judgments
and privacy of the outside re
ferees may be preserved by a
summary report of the evalua
tion committee.
Rights of privacy
Thus, the rights of privacy are
not in conflict with student de
mands for accountability.
Second, confidentiality is not
irrelevant. The principle func
tion of confidentiality in this
case is the manipulative control
of information.

For example, if the evaluation
committee's unanimous re
commendation of tenureand full
professorship for Foley had re
mained confidential, then some
students might have felt more
uncertain about the quality of
Foley's research. But this would
only have manipulated the av
ailability of the information and
not its content.
Since the rights of privacy are
already well safeguarded, it is
certainly appropriate for stu
dents to wonder what underlies
the strong faculty adherence to
confidentiality.
Third, a heavy cloak of secrecy
in this case may enable a small
but powerful minority to impose
its prejudices on students and
fellow faculty, rather than ensur
ing the moral obligation of each
faculty .member to reach a re
sponsible decision.
Completely open
Fourth, in sharp contrast to the
faculty proceedings, student ac
tivity around the Foley issue has
been completely open to all con
cerned faculty, students and
staff, and student decisions have
been reached democratically
with all individuals accepting
full responsibility for their par
ticipation. Moreover, it has been
the explicit and -conscious
judgment of the students that
our case is best made by the
maximum availability of infor
mation.
Our demands on the faculty
are an invitation to join with the
students in this responsible,
democratic and accountable
process.
If. as Economics Department
Chairman Bert Hickman asserts,
that . . his (Foley's) faculty
colleagues share this (the stu
dents') high regard for his qual
ities as scholarand teacher"then
the appropriateness of the stu
dents' question is underscored:
on what basis did the faculty
make its decision?
(Sandy Thompson is a graduate
student in economics.)
Sandy Thompson

Students have suggested that
political discrimination may
underlie the failure of the
economics faculty to offer tenure
to Assoc. Prof. Duncan Foley.
Since the efforts of the faculty to
stonewall this controversy are
increasingly centered upon the
issue of confidentiality, we must
inquire how this issue of confi
dentiality relates to the possibil
ity of political discrimination.
First, regarding the rights of
the individuals involved. Foley
has publicly indicated his wil
lingness to discuss the waiver of
this right. However, no faculty
spokesperson has vet broached
the subject with him.

Further, if a responsible,
democratic decision was
achieved, it can be justified col
lectively without any reference
to individual faculty particip
ants. Also, both the judgments
and privacy of the outside re
ferees may be preserved by a
summary report of the evalua
tion committee.
Rights of privacy
Thus, the rights of privacy are
not in conflict with student de
mands for accountability.
Second, confidentiality is not
irrelevant. The principle func
tion of confidentiality in this
case is the manipulative control
of information.

For example, if the evaluation
committee's unanimous re
commendation of tenureand full
professorship for Foley had re
mained confidential, then some
students might have felt more
uncertain about the quality of
Foley's research. But this would
only have manipulated the av
ailability of the information and
not its content.
Since the rights of privacy are
already well safeguarded, it is
certainly appropriate for stu
dents to wonder what underlies
the strong faculty adherence to
confidentiality.
Third, a heavy cloak of secrecy
in this case may enable a small
but powerful minority to impose
its prejudices on students and
fellow faculty, rather than ensur
ing the moral obligation of each
faculty .member to reach a re
sponsible decision.
Completely open
Fourth, in sharp contrast to the
faculty proceedings, student ac
tivity around the Foley issue has
been completely open to all con
cerned faculty, students and
staff, and student decisions have
been reached democratically
with all individuals accepting
full responsibility for their par
ticipation. Moreover, it has been
the explicit and -conscious
judgment of the students that
our case is best made by the
maximum availability of infor
mation.
Our demands on the faculty
are an invitation to join with the
students in this responsible,
democratic and accountable
process.
If. as Economics Department
Chairman Bert Hickman asserts,
that . . his (Foley's) faculty
colleagues share this (the stu
dents') high regard for his qual
ities as scholarand teacher"then
the appropriateness of the stu
dents' question is underscored:
on what basis did the faculty
make its decision?
(Sandy Thompson is a graduate
student in economics.)
Sandy Thompson

Students have suggested that
political discrimination may
underlie the failure of the
economics faculty to offer tenure
to Assoc. Prof. Duncan Foley.
Since the efforts of the faculty to
stonewall this controversy are
increasingly centered upon the
issue of confidentiality, we must
inquire how this issue of confi
dentiality relates to the possibil
ity of political discrimination.
First, regarding the rights of
the individuals involved. Foley
has publicly indicated his wil
lingness to discuss the waiver of
this right. However, no faculty
spokesperson has vet broached
the subject with him.

Further, if a responsible,
democratic decision was
achieved, it can be justified col
lectively without any reference
to individual faculty particip
ants. Also, both the judgments
and privacy of the outside re
ferees may be preserved by a
summary report of the evalua
tion committee.
Rights of privacy
Thus, the rights of privacy are
not in conflict with student de
mands for accountability.
Second, confidentiality is not
irrelevant. The principle func
tion of confidentiality in this
case is the manipulative control
of information.

For example, if the evaluation
committee's unanimous re
commendation of tenureand full
professorship for Foley had re
mained confidential, then some
students might have felt more
uncertain about the quality of
Foley's research. But this would
only have manipulated the av
ailability of the information and
not its content.
Since the rights of privacy are
already well safeguarded, it is
certainly appropriate for stu
dents to wonder what underlies
the strong faculty adherence to
confidentiality.
Third, a heavy cloak of secrecy
in this case may enable a small
but powerful minority to impose
its prejudices on students and
fellow faculty, rather than ensur
ing the moral obligation of each
faculty .member to reach a re
sponsible decision.
Completely open
Fourth, in sharp contrast to the
faculty proceedings, student ac
tivity around the Foley issue has
been completely open to all con
cerned faculty, students and
staff, and student decisions have
been reached democratically
with all individuals accepting
full responsibility for their par
ticipation. Moreover, it has been
the explicit and -conscious
judgment of the students that
our case is best made by the
maximum availability of infor
mation.
Our demands on the faculty
are an invitation to join with the
students in this responsible,
democratic and accountable
process.
If. as Economics Department
Chairman Bert Hickman asserts,
that . . his (Foley's) faculty
colleagues share this (the stu
dents') high regard for his qual
ities as scholarand teacher"then
the appropriateness of the stu
dents' question is underscored:
on what basis did the faculty
make its decision?
(Sandy Thompson is a graduate
student in economics.)
Sandy Thompson

Students have suggested that
political discrimination may
underlie the failure of the
economics faculty to offer tenure
to Assoc. Prof. Duncan Foley.
Since the efforts of the faculty to
stonewall this controversy are
increasingly centered upon the
issue of confidentiality, we must
inquire how this issue of confi
dentiality relates to the possibil
ity of political discrimination.
First, regarding the rights of
the individuals involved. Foley
has publicly indicated his wil
lingness to discuss the waiver of
this right. However, no faculty
spokesperson has vet broached
the subject with him.

Further, if a responsible,
democratic decision was
achieved, it can be justified col
lectively without any reference
to individual faculty particip
ants. Also, both the judgments
and privacy of the outside re
ferees may be preserved by a
summary report of the evalua
tion committee.
Rights of privacy
Thus, the rights of privacy are
not in conflict with student de
mands for accountability.
Second, confidentiality is not
irrelevant. The principle func
tion of confidentiality in this
case is the manipulative control
of information.

For example, if the evaluation
committee's unanimous re
commendation of tenureand full
professorship for Foley had re
mained confidential, then some
students might have felt more
uncertain about the quality of
Foley's research. But this would
only have manipulated the av
ailability of the information and
not its content.
Since the rights of privacy are
already well safeguarded, it is
certainly appropriate for stu
dents to wonder what underlies
the strong faculty adherence to
confidentiality.
Third, a heavy cloak of secrecy
in this case may enable a small
but powerful minority to impose
its prejudices on students and
fellow faculty, rather than ensur
ing the moral obligation of each
faculty .member to reach a re
sponsible decision.
Completely open
Fourth, in sharp contrast to the
faculty proceedings, student ac
tivity around the Foley issue has
been completely open to all con
cerned faculty, students and
staff, and student decisions have
been reached democratically
with all individuals accepting
full responsibility for their par
ticipation. Moreover, it has been
the explicit and -conscious
judgment of the students that
our case is best made by the
maximum availability of infor
mation.
Our demands on the faculty
are an invitation to join with the
students in this responsible,
democratic and accountable
process.
If. as Economics Department
Chairman Bert Hickman asserts,
that . . his (Foley's) faculty
colleagues share this (the stu
dents') high regard for his qual
ities as scholarand teacher"then
the appropriateness of the stu
dents' question is underscored:
on what basis did the faculty
make its decision?
(Sandy Thompson is a graduate
student in economics.)
Sandy Thompson

Students have suggested that
political discrimination may
underlie the failure of the
economics faculty to offer tenure
to Assoc. Prof. Duncan Foley.
Since the efforts of the faculty to
stonewall this controversy are
increasingly centered upon the
issue of confidentiality, we must
inquire how this issue of confi
dentiality relates to the possibil
ity of political discrimination.
First, regarding the rights of
the individuals involved. Foley
has publicly indicated his wil
lingness to discuss the waiver of
this right. However, no faculty
spokesperson has vet broached
the subject with him.

Further, if a responsible,
democratic decision was
achieved, it can be justified col
lectively without any reference
to individual faculty particip
ants. Also, both the judgments
and privacy of the outside re
ferees may be preserved by a
summary report of the evalua
tion committee.
Rights of privacy
Thus, the rights of privacy are
not in conflict with student de
mands for accountability.
Second, confidentiality is not
irrelevant. The principle func
tion of confidentiality in this
case is the manipulative control
of information.

For example, if the evaluation
committee's unanimous re
commendation of tenureand full
professorship for Foley had re
mained confidential, then some
students might have felt more
uncertain about the quality of
Foley's research. But this would
only have manipulated the av
ailability of the information and
not its content.
Since the rights of privacy are
already well safeguarded, it is
certainly appropriate for stu
dents to wonder what underlies
the strong faculty adherence to
confidentiality.
Third, a heavy cloak of secrecy
in this case may enable a small
but powerful minority to impose
its prejudices on students and
fellow faculty, rather than ensur
ing the moral obligation of each
faculty .member to reach a re
sponsible decision.
Completely open
Fourth, in sharp contrast to the
faculty proceedings, student ac
tivity around the Foley issue has
been completely open to all con
cerned faculty, students and
staff, and student decisions have
been reached democratically
with all individuals accepting
full responsibility for their par
ticipation. Moreover, it has been
the explicit and -conscious
judgment of the students that
our case is best made by the
maximum availability of infor
mation.
Our demands on the faculty
are an invitation to join with the
students in this responsible,
democratic and accountable
process.
If. as Economics Department
Chairman Bert Hickman asserts,
that . . his (Foley's) faculty
colleagues share this (the stu
dents') high regard for his qual
ities as scholarand teacher"then
the appropriateness of the stu
dents' question is underscored:
on what basis did the faculty
make its decision?
(Sandy Thompson is a graduate
student in economics.)
Sandy Thompson

Students have suggested that
political discrimination may
underlie the failure of the
economics faculty to offer tenure
to Assoc. Prof. Duncan Foley.
Since the efforts of the faculty to
stonewall this controversy are
increasingly centered upon the
issue of confidentiality, we must
inquire how this issue of confi
dentiality relates to the possibil
ity of political discrimination.
First, regarding the rights of
the individuals involved. Foley
has publicly indicated his wil
lingness to discuss the waiver of
this right. However, no faculty
spokesperson has vet broached
the subject with him.

Further, if a responsible,
democratic decision was
achieved, it can be justified col
lectively without any reference
to individual faculty particip
ants. Also, both the judgments
and privacy of the outside re
ferees may be preserved by a
summary report of the evalua
tion committee.
Rights of privacy
Thus, the rights of privacy are
not in conflict with student de
mands for accountability.
Second, confidentiality is not
irrelevant. The principle func
tion of confidentiality in this
case is the manipulative control
of information.

For example, if the evaluation
committee's unanimous re
commendation of tenureand full
professorship for Foley had re
mained confidential, then some
students might have felt more
uncertain about the quality of
Foley's research. But this would
only have manipulated the av
ailability of the information and
not its content.
Since the rights of privacy are
already well safeguarded, it is
certainly appropriate for stu
dents to wonder what underlies
the strong faculty adherence to
confidentiality.
Third, a heavy cloak of secrecy
in this case may enable a small
but powerful minority to impose
its prejudices on students and
fellow faculty, rather than ensur
ing the moral obligation of each
faculty .member to reach a re
sponsible decision.
Completely open
Fourth, in sharp contrast to the
faculty proceedings, student ac
tivity around the Foley issue has
been completely open to all con
cerned faculty, students and
staff, and student decisions have
been reached democratically
with all individuals accepting
full responsibility for their par
ticipation. Moreover, it has been
the explicit and -conscious
judgment of the students that
our case is best made by the
maximum availability of infor
mation.
Our demands on the faculty
are an invitation to join with the
students in this responsible,
democratic and accountable
process.
If. as Economics Department
Chairman Bert Hickman asserts,
that . . his (Foley's) faculty
colleagues share this (the stu
dents') high regard for his qual
ities as scholarand teacher"then
the appropriateness of the stu
dents' question is underscored:
on what basis did the faculty
make its decision?
(Sandy Thompson is a graduate
student in economics.)
Sandy Thompson

Students have suggested that
political discrimination may
underlie the failure of the
economics faculty to offer tenure
to Assoc. Prof. Duncan Foley.
Since the efforts of the faculty to
stonewall this controversy are
increasingly centered upon the
issue of confidentiality, we must
inquire how this issue of confi
dentiality relates to the possibil
ity of political discrimination.
First, regarding the rights of
the individuals involved. Foley
has publicly indicated his wil
lingness to discuss the waiver of
this right. However, no faculty
spokesperson has vet broached
the subject with him.

Further, if a responsible,
democratic decision was
achieved, it can be justified col
lectively without any reference
to individual faculty particip
ants. Also, both the judgments
and privacy of the outside re
ferees may be preserved by a
summary report of the evalua
tion committee.
Rights of privacy
Thus, the rights of privacy are
not in conflict with student de
mands for accountability.
Second, confidentiality is not
irrelevant. The principle func
tion of confidentiality in this
case is the manipulative control
of information.

For example, if the evaluation
committee's unanimous re
commendation of tenureand full
professorship for Foley had re
mained confidential, then some
students might have felt more
uncertain about the quality of
Foley's research. But this would
only have manipulated the av
ailability of the information and
not its content.
Since the rights of privacy are
already well safeguarded, it is
certainly appropriate for stu
dents to wonder what underlies
the strong faculty adherence to
confidentiality.
Third, a heavy cloak of secrecy
in this case may enable a small
but powerful minority to impose
its prejudices on students and
fellow faculty, rather than ensur
ing the moral obligation of each
faculty .member to reach a re
sponsible decision.
Completely open
Fourth, in sharp contrast to the
faculty proceedings, student ac
tivity around the Foley issue has
been completely open to all con
cerned faculty, students and
staff, and student decisions have
been reached democratically
with all individuals accepting
full responsibility for their par
ticipation. Moreover, it has been
the explicit and -conscious
judgment of the students that
our case is best made by the
maximum availability of infor
mation.
Our demands on the faculty
are an invitation to join with the
students in this responsible,
democratic and accountable
process.
If. as Economics Department
Chairman Bert Hickman asserts,
that . . his (Foley's) faculty
colleagues share this (the stu
dents') high regard for his qual
ities as scholarand teacher"then
the appropriateness of the stu
dents' question is underscored:
on what basis did the faculty
make its decision?
(Sandy Thompson is a graduate
student in economics.)
Sandy Thompson

Students have suggested that
political discrimination may
underlie the failure of the
economics faculty to offer tenure
to Assoc. Prof. Duncan Foley.
Since the efforts of the faculty to
stonewall this controversy are
increasingly centered upon the
issue of confidentiality, we must
inquire how this issue of confi
dentiality relates to the possibil
ity of political discrimination.
First, regarding the rights of
the individuals involved. Foley
has publicly indicated his wil
lingness to discuss the waiver of
this right. However, no faculty
spokesperson has vet broached
the subject with him.

Further, if a responsible,
democratic decision was
achieved, it can be justified col
lectively without any reference
to individual faculty particip
ants. Also, both the judgments
and privacy of the outside re
ferees may be preserved by a
summary report of the evalua
tion committee.
Rights of privacy
Thus, the rights of privacy are
not in conflict with student de
mands for accountability.
Second, confidentiality is not
irrelevant. The principle func
tion of confidentiality in this
case is the manipulative control
of information.

For example, if the evaluation
committee's unanimous re
commendation of tenureand full
professorship for Foley had re
mained confidential, then some
students might have felt more
uncertain about the quality of
Foley's research. But this would
only have manipulated the av
ailability of the information and
not its content.
Since the rights of privacy are
already well safeguarded, it is
certainly appropriate for stu
dents to wonder what underlies
the strong faculty adherence to
confidentiality.
Third, a heavy cloak of secrecy
in this case may enable a small
but powerful minority to impose
its prejudices on students and
fellow faculty, rather than ensur
ing the moral obligation of each
faculty .member to reach a re
sponsible decision.
Completely open
Fourth, in sharp contrast to the
faculty proceedings, student ac
tivity around the Foley issue has
been completely open to all con
cerned faculty, students and
staff, and student decisions have
been reached democratically
with all individuals accepting
full responsibility for their par
ticipation. Moreover, it has been
the explicit and -conscious
judgment of the students that
our case is best made by the
maximum availability of infor
mation.
Our demands on the faculty
are an invitation to join with the
students in this responsible,
democratic and accountable
process.
If. as Economics Department
Chairman Bert Hickman asserts,
that . . his (Foley's) faculty
colleagues share this (the stu
dents') high regard for his qual
ities as scholarand teacher"then
the appropriateness of the stu
dents' question is underscored:
on what basis did the faculty
make its decision?
(Sandy Thompson is a graduate
student in economics.)
Sandy Thompson

Students have suggested that
political discrimination may
underlie the failure of the
economics faculty to offer tenure
to Assoc. Prof. Duncan Foley.
Since the efforts of the faculty to
stonewall this controversy are
increasingly centered upon the
issue of confidentiality, we must
inquire how this issue of confi
dentiality relates to the possibil
ity of political discrimination.
First, regarding the rights of
the individuals involved. Foley
has publicly indicated his wil
lingness to discuss the waiver of
this right. However, no faculty
spokesperson has vet broached
the subject with him.

Further, if a responsible,
democratic decision was
achieved, it can be justified col
lectively without any reference
to individual faculty particip
ants. Also, both the judgments
and privacy of the outside re
ferees may be preserved by a
summary report of the evalua
tion committee.
Rights of privacy
Thus, the rights of privacy are
not in conflict with student de
mands for accountability.
Second, confidentiality is not
irrelevant. The principle func
tion of confidentiality in this
case is the manipulative control
of information.

For example, if the evaluation
committee's unanimous re
commendation of tenureand full
professorship for Foley had re
mained confidential, then some
students might have felt more
uncertain about the quality of
Foley's research. But this would
only have manipulated the av
ailability of the information and
not its content.
Since the rights of privacy are
already well safeguarded, it is
certainly appropriate for stu
dents to wonder what underlies
the strong faculty adherence to
confidentiality.
Third, a heavy cloak of secrecy
in this case may enable a small
but powerful minority to impose
its prejudices on students and
fellow faculty, rather than ensur
ing the moral obligation of each
faculty .member to reach a re
sponsible decision.
Completely open
Fourth, in sharp contrast to the
faculty proceedings, student ac
tivity around the Foley issue has
been completely open to all con
cerned faculty, students and
staff, and student decisions have
been reached democratically
with all individuals accepting
full responsibility for their par
ticipation. Moreover, it has been
the explicit and -conscious
judgment of the students that
our case is best made by the
maximum availability of infor
mation.
Our demands on the faculty
are an invitation to join with the
students in this responsible,
democratic and accountable
process.
If. as Economics Department
Chairman Bert Hickman asserts,
that . . his (Foley's) faculty
colleagues share this (the stu
dents') high regard for his qual
ities as scholarand teacher"then
the appropriateness of the stu
dents' question is underscored:
on what basis did the faculty
make its decision?
(Sandy Thompson is a graduate
student in economics.)
Sandy Thompson

Students have suggested that
political discrimination may
underlie the failure of the
economics faculty to offer tenure
to Assoc. Prof. Duncan Foley.
Since the efforts of the faculty to
stonewall this controversy are
increasingly centered upon the
issue of confidentiality, we must
inquire how this issue of confi
dentiality relates to the possibil
ity of political discrimination.
First, regarding the rights of
the individuals involved. Foley
has publicly indicated his wil
lingness to discuss the waiver of
this right. However, no faculty
spokesperson has vet broached
the subject with him.

Further, if a responsible,
democratic decision was
achieved, it can be justified col
lectively without any reference
to individual faculty particip
ants. Also, both the judgments
and privacy of the outside re
ferees may be preserved by a
summary report of the evalua
tion committee.
Rights of privacy
Thus, the rights of privacy are
not in conflict with student de
mands for accountability.
Second, confidentiality is not
irrelevant. The principle func
tion of confidentiality in this
case is the manipulative control
of information.

For example, if the evaluation
committee's unanimous re
commendation of tenureand full
professorship for Foley had re
mained confidential, then some
students might have felt more
uncertain about the quality of
Foley's research. But this would
only have manipulated the av
ailability of the information and
not its content.
Since the rights of privacy are
already well safeguarded, it is
certainly appropriate for stu
dents to wonder what underlies
the strong faculty adherence to
confidentiality.
Third, a heavy cloak of secrecy
in this case may enable a small
but powerful minority to impose
its prejudices on students and
fellow faculty, rather than ensur
ing the moral obligation of each
faculty .member to reach a re
sponsible decision.
Completely open
Fourth, in sharp contrast to the
faculty proceedings, student ac
tivity around the Foley issue has
been completely open to all con
cerned faculty, students and
staff, and student decisions have
been reached democratically
with all individuals accepting
full responsibility for their par
ticipation. Moreover, it has been
the explicit and -conscious
judgment of the students that
our case is best made by the
maximum availability of infor
mation.
Our demands on the faculty
are an invitation to join with the
students in this responsible,
democratic and accountable
process.
If. as Economics Department
Chairman Bert Hickman asserts,
that . . his (Foley's) faculty
colleagues share this (the stu
dents') high regard for his qual
ities as scholarand teacher"then
the appropriateness of the stu
dents' question is underscored:
on what basis did the faculty
make its decision?
(Sandy Thompson is a graduate
student in economics.)
Sandy Thompson

Students have suggested that
political discrimination may
underlie the failure of the
economics faculty to offer tenure
to Assoc. Prof. Duncan Foley.
Since the efforts of the faculty to
stonewall this controversy are
increasingly centered upon the
issue of confidentiality, we must
inquire how this issue of confi
dentiality relates to the possibil
ity of political discrimination.
First, regarding the rights of
the individuals involved. Foley
has publicly indicated his wil
lingness to discuss the waiver of
this right. However, no faculty
spokesperson has vet broached
the subject with him.

Further, if a responsible,
democratic decision was
achieved, it can be justified col
lectively without any reference
to individual faculty particip
ants. Also, both the judgments
and privacy of the outside re
ferees may be preserved by a
summary report of the evalua
tion committee.
Rights of privacy
Thus, the rights of privacy are
not in conflict with student de
mands for accountability.
Second, confidentiality is not
irrelevant. The principle func
tion of confidentiality in this
case is the manipulative control
of information.

For example, if the evaluation
committee's unanimous re
commendation of tenureand full
professorship for Foley had re
mained confidential, then some
students might have felt more
uncertain about the quality of
Foley's research. But this would
only have manipulated the av
ailability of the information and
not its content.
Since the rights of privacy are
already well safeguarded, it is
certainly appropriate for stu
dents to wonder what underlies
the strong faculty adherence to
confidentiality.
Third, a heavy cloak of secrecy
in this case may enable a small
but powerful minority to impose
its prejudices on students and
fellow faculty, rather than ensur
ing the moral obligation of each
faculty .member to reach a re
sponsible decision.
Completely open
Fourth, in sharp contrast to the
faculty proceedings, student ac
tivity around the Foley issue has
been completely open to all con
cerned faculty, students and
staff, and student decisions have
been reached democratically
with all individuals accepting
full responsibility for their par
ticipation. Moreover, it has been
the explicit and -conscious
judgment of the students that
our case is best made by the
maximum availability of infor
mation.
Our demands on the faculty
are an invitation to join with the
students in this responsible,
democratic and accountable
process.
If. as Economics Department
Chairman Bert Hickman asserts,
that . . his (Foley's) faculty
colleagues share this (the stu
dents') high regard for his qual
ities as scholarand teacher"then
the appropriateness of the stu
dents' question is underscored:
on what basis did the faculty
make its decision?
(Sandy Thompson is a graduate
student in economics.)
Sandy Thompson

Students have suggested that
political discrimination may
underlie the failure of the
economics faculty to offer tenure
to Assoc. Prof. Duncan Foley.
Since the efforts of the faculty to
stonewall this controversy are
increasingly centered upon the
issue of confidentiality, we must
inquire how this issue of confi
dentiality relates to the possibil
ity of political discrimination.
First, regarding the rights of
the individuals involved. Foley
has publicly indicated his wil
lingness to discuss the waiver of
this right. However, no faculty
spokesperson has vet broached
the subject with him.

Further, if a responsible,
democratic decision was
achieved, it can be justified col
lectively without any reference
to individual faculty particip
ants. Also, both the judgments
and privacy of the outside re
ferees may be preserved by a
summary report of the evalua
tion committee.
Rights of privacy
Thus, the rights of privacy are
not in conflict with student de
mands for accountability.
Second, confidentiality is not
irrelevant. The principle func
tion of confidentiality in this
case is the manipulative control
of information.

For example, if the evaluation
committee's unanimous re
commendation of tenureand full
professorship for Foley had re
mained confidential, then some
students might have felt more
uncertain about the quality of
Foley's research. But this would
only have manipulated the av
ailability of the information and
not its content.
Since the rights of privacy are
already well safeguarded, it is
certainly appropriate for stu
dents to wonder what underlies
the strong faculty adherence to
confidentiality.
Third, a heavy cloak of secrecy
in this case may enable a small
but powerful minority to impose
its prejudices on students and
fellow faculty, rather than ensur
ing the moral obligation of each
faculty .member to reach a re
sponsible decision.
Completely open
Fourth, in sharp contrast to the
faculty proceedings, student ac
tivity around the Foley issue has
been completely open to all con
cerned faculty, students and
staff, and student decisions have
been reached democratically
with all individuals accepting
full responsibility for their par
ticipation. Moreover, it has been
the explicit and -conscious
judgment of the students that
our case is best made by the
maximum availability of infor
mation.
Our demands on the faculty
are an invitation to join with the
students in this responsible,
democratic and accountable
process.
If. as Economics Department
Chairman Bert Hickman asserts,
that . . his (Foley's) faculty
colleagues share this (the stu
dents') high regard for his qual
ities as scholarand teacher"then
the appropriateness of the stu
dents' question is underscored:
on what basis did the faculty
make its decision?
(Sandy Thompson is a graduate
student in economics.)
Sandy Thompson

Students have suggested that
political discrimination may
underlie the failure of the
economics faculty to offer tenure
to Assoc. Prof. Duncan Foley.
Since the efforts of the faculty to
stonewall this controversy are
increasingly centered upon the
issue of confidentiality, we must
inquire how this issue of confi
dentiality relates to the possibil
ity of political discrimination.
First, regarding the rights of
the individuals involved. Foley
has publicly indicated his wil
lingness to discuss the waiver of
this right. However, no faculty
spokesperson has vet broached
the subject with him.

Further, if a responsible,
democratic decision was
achieved, it can be justified col
lectively without any reference
to individual faculty particip
ants. Also, both the judgments
and privacy of the outside re
ferees may be preserved by a
summary report of the evalua
tion committee.
Rights of privacy
Thus, the rights of privacy are
not in conflict with student de
mands for accountability.
Second, confidentiality is not
irrelevant. The principle func
tion of confidentiality in this
case is the manipulative control
of information.

For example, if the evaluation
committee's unanimous re
commendation of tenureand full
professorship for Foley had re
mained confidential, then some
students might have felt more
uncertain about the quality of
Foley's research. But this would
only have manipulated the av
ailability of the information and
not its content.
Since the rights of privacy are
already well safeguarded, it is
certainly appropriate for stu
dents to wonder what underlies
the strong faculty adherence to
confidentiality.
Third, a heavy cloak of secrecy
in this case may enable a small
but powerful minority to impose
its prejudices on students and
fellow faculty, rather than ensur
ing the moral obligation of each
faculty .member to reach a re
sponsible decision.
Completely open
Fourth, in sharp contrast to the
faculty proceedings, student ac
tivity around the Foley issue has
been completely open to all con
cerned faculty, students and
staff, and student decisions have
been reached democratically
with all individuals accepting
full responsibility for their par
ticipation. Moreover, it has been
the explicit and -conscious
judgment of the students that
our case is best made by the
maximum availability of infor
mation.
Our demands on the faculty
are an invitation to join with the
students in this responsible,
democratic and accountable
process.
If. as Economics Department
Chairman Bert Hickman asserts,
that . . his (Foley's) faculty
colleagues share this (the stu
dents') high regard for his qual
ities as scholarand teacher"then
the appropriateness of the stu
dents' question is underscored:
on what basis did the faculty
make its decision?
(Sandy Thompson is a graduate
student in economics.)
