# Oh, what a lovely war
## 
### 
Roble resident Forrest Rouse pores over.a map of central Europe planning the
Germans' next move in a war game against the Soviets. In this reenactment of
World War 11, the Germans lost again — this time in August 1941. "They basically

beat us," said German leader Jeff Garaventa. Soviet leader Bruce Kinosian said
the issue was whether we would have a tactical or a decisive victory." Bill Bryg
and George Cole also participated/Daily photo by Joe Gattuso

Roble resident Forrest Rouse pores over.a map of central Europe planning the
Germans' next move in a war game against the Soviets. In this reenactment of
World War 11, the Germans lost again — this time in August 1941. "They basically

beat us," said German leader Jeff Garaventa. Soviet leader Bruce Kinosian said
the issue was whether we would have a tactical or a decisive victory." Bill Bryg
and George Cole also participated/Daily photo by Joe Gattuso

Roble resident Forrest Rouse pores over.a map of central Europe planning the
Germans' next move in a war game against the Soviets. In this reenactment of
World War 11, the Germans lost again — this time in August 1941. "They basically

beat us," said German leader Jeff Garaventa. Soviet leader Bruce Kinosian said
the issue was whether we would have a tactical or a decisive victory." Bill Bryg
and George Cole also participated/Daily photo by Joe Gattuso

Roble resident Forrest Rouse pores over.a map of central Europe planning the
Germans' next move in a war game against the Soviets. In this reenactment of
World War 11, the Germans lost again — this time in August 1941. "They basically

beat us," said German leader Jeff Garaventa. Soviet leader Bruce Kinosian said
the issue was whether we would have a tactical or a decisive victory." Bill Bryg
and George Cole also participated/Daily photo by Joe Gattuso

Roble resident Forrest Rouse pores over.a map of central Europe planning the
Germans' next move in a war game against the Soviets. In this reenactment of
World War 11, the Germans lost again — this time in August 1941. "They basically

beat us," said German leader Jeff Garaventa. Soviet leader Bruce Kinosian said
the issue was whether we would have a tactical or a decisive victory." Bill Bryg
and George Cole also participated/Daily photo by Joe Gattuso

Roble resident Forrest Rouse pores over.a map of central Europe planning the
Germans' next move in a war game against the Soviets. In this reenactment of
World War 11, the Germans lost again — this time in August 1941. "They basically

beat us," said German leader Jeff Garaventa. Soviet leader Bruce Kinosian said
the issue was whether we would have a tactical or a decisive victory." Bill Bryg
and George Cole also participated/Daily photo by Joe Gattuso

Roble resident Forrest Rouse pores over.a map of central Europe planning the
Germans' next move in a war game against the Soviets. In this reenactment of
World War 11, the Germans lost again — this time in August 1941. "They basically

beat us," said German leader Jeff Garaventa. Soviet leader Bruce Kinosian said
the issue was whether we would have a tactical or a decisive victory." Bill Bryg
and George Cole also participated/Daily photo by Joe Gattuso

Roble resident Forrest Rouse pores over.a map of central Europe planning the
Germans' next move in a war game against the Soviets. In this reenactment of
World War 11, the Germans lost again — this time in August 1941. "They basically

beat us," said German leader Jeff Garaventa. Soviet leader Bruce Kinosian said
the issue was whether we would have a tactical or a decisive victory." Bill Bryg
and George Cole also participated/Daily photo by Joe Gattuso

Roble resident Forrest Rouse pores over.a map of central Europe planning the
Germans' next move in a war game against the Soviets. In this reenactment of
World War 11, the Germans lost again — this time in August 1941. "They basically

beat us," said German leader Jeff Garaventa. Soviet leader Bruce Kinosian said
the issue was whether we would have a tactical or a decisive victory." Bill Bryg
and George Cole also participated/Daily photo by Joe Gattuso

Roble resident Forrest Rouse pores over.a map of central Europe planning the
Germans' next move in a war game against the Soviets. In this reenactment of
World War 11, the Germans lost again — this time in August 1941. "They basically

beat us," said German leader Jeff Garaventa. Soviet leader Bruce Kinosian said
the issue was whether we would have a tactical or a decisive victory." Bill Bryg
and George Cole also participated/Daily photo by Joe Gattuso

Roble resident Forrest Rouse pores over.a map of central Europe planning the
Germans' next move in a war game against the Soviets. In this reenactment of
World War 11, the Germans lost again — this time in August 1941. "They basically

beat us," said German leader Jeff Garaventa. Soviet leader Bruce Kinosian said
the issue was whether we would have a tactical or a decisive victory." Bill Bryg
and George Cole also participated/Daily photo by Joe Gattuso

Roble resident Forrest Rouse pores over.a map of central Europe planning the
Germans' next move in a war game against the Soviets. In this reenactment of
World War 11, the Germans lost again — this time in August 1941. "They basically

beat us," said German leader Jeff Garaventa. Soviet leader Bruce Kinosian said
the issue was whether we would have a tactical or a decisive victory." Bill Bryg
and George Cole also participated/Daily photo by Joe Gattuso

Roble resident Forrest Rouse pores over.a map of central Europe planning the
Germans' next move in a war game against the Soviets. In this reenactment of
World War 11, the Germans lost again — this time in August 1941. "They basically

beat us," said German leader Jeff Garaventa. Soviet leader Bruce Kinosian said
the issue was whether we would have a tactical or a decisive victory." Bill Bryg
and George Cole also participated/Daily photo by Joe Gattuso

