# Opponents in error
## 
### 
Steve Jawetz

I recently received some litera
ture from the "No on 1 5 Commit
tee" that not only deeply shook
my faith in the ability of Ameri
can industry to remain honest,
but also put me in fear of losing
the thread of democracy al
together.
Prop. 15 would put the deci
sion on nuclear power into the
hands of an elected representa
tive body known commonly as
the California State Legislature,
and these human beings would
then weigh the various costs and
benefits of utilizing uranium
atoms to produce our morning
coffee and toast.
This seems to me to be a far
more rational process than leav
ing the decision in the hands of
an industry with a vested in
terest in seeing nuclear power go
full speed ahead, or in the hands
of a government that has already
proclaimed its intention to pro
ceed with nuclear power de
velopment. And yet, this litera
ture would have me believe not
only that the passage of Prop. 15
would lead to another Dark Age,
but that the people working to
pass the proposition are malici
ously attempting to destroy the
state (in which they live) both
economically and environmen
tally.
This is a completely irrational

tack to take when trying to con
vince people of your sincerity,
and it is made much worse when
outright lies are used to support
your position. This is precisely
what the "No on 15 Committee"
does.
For example, their literature
states. "Supporters of Proposi
tion 15 would like people to be
lieve that nuclear power plants
can explode like atomic bombs."
Asa staunch support of Prop. 15,
I would like to say that never in
my life have I ever heard such a
horrendous falsehood. In all of
their presentations and talks, the
organized support of Prop. 15
have actively worked to dispel
such myths, and to cast some
light onto the whole qomplex
problem of nuclear power, rather
than to put down the opposition
with a single-mindedly biased
viewpoint.
The Nuclear Safeguards Initia
tive is not a shutdown, ban or
moratorium. It may indeed have
that effect, because the nuclear
industry may not be able to actu
al ly prove their claims of safety,
economy and environmental
harmlessness. These claims may
be of the same substance as their
literature. If so,'l am very, very
scared.
(Steve Juwetz is a sophomore in
human biology.)
Steve Jawetz

I recently received some litera
ture from the "No on 1 5 Commit
tee" that not only deeply shook
my faith in the ability of Ameri
can industry to remain honest,
but also put me in fear of losing
the thread of democracy al
together.
Prop. 15 would put the deci
sion on nuclear power into the
hands of an elected representa
tive body known commonly as
the California State Legislature,
and these human beings would
then weigh the various costs and
benefits of utilizing uranium
atoms to produce our morning
coffee and toast.
This seems to me to be a far
more rational process than leav
ing the decision in the hands of
an industry with a vested in
terest in seeing nuclear power go
full speed ahead, or in the hands
of a government that has already
proclaimed its intention to pro
ceed with nuclear power de
velopment. And yet, this litera
ture would have me believe not
only that the passage of Prop. 15
would lead to another Dark Age,
but that the people working to
pass the proposition are malici
ously attempting to destroy the
state (in which they live) both
economically and environmen
tally.
This is a completely irrational

tack to take when trying to con
vince people of your sincerity,
and it is made much worse when
outright lies are used to support
your position. This is precisely
what the "No on 15 Committee"
does.
For example, their literature
states. "Supporters of Proposi
tion 15 would like people to be
lieve that nuclear power plants
can explode like atomic bombs."
Asa staunch support of Prop. 15,
I would like to say that never in
my life have I ever heard such a
horrendous falsehood. In all of
their presentations and talks, the
organized support of Prop. 15
have actively worked to dispel
such myths, and to cast some
light onto the whole qomplex
problem of nuclear power, rather
than to put down the opposition
with a single-mindedly biased
viewpoint.
The Nuclear Safeguards Initia
tive is not a shutdown, ban or
moratorium. It may indeed have
that effect, because the nuclear
industry may not be able to actu
al ly prove their claims of safety,
economy and environmental
harmlessness. These claims may
be of the same substance as their
literature. If so,'l am very, very
scared.
(Steve Juwetz is a sophomore in
human biology.)
Steve Jawetz

I recently received some litera
ture from the "No on 1 5 Commit
tee" that not only deeply shook
my faith in the ability of Ameri
can industry to remain honest,
but also put me in fear of losing
the thread of democracy al
together.
Prop. 15 would put the deci
sion on nuclear power into the
hands of an elected representa
tive body known commonly as
the California State Legislature,
and these human beings would
then weigh the various costs and
benefits of utilizing uranium
atoms to produce our morning
coffee and toast.
This seems to me to be a far
more rational process than leav
ing the decision in the hands of
an industry with a vested in
terest in seeing nuclear power go
full speed ahead, or in the hands
of a government that has already
proclaimed its intention to pro
ceed with nuclear power de
velopment. And yet, this litera
ture would have me believe not
only that the passage of Prop. 15
would lead to another Dark Age,
but that the people working to
pass the proposition are malici
ously attempting to destroy the
state (in which they live) both
economically and environmen
tally.
This is a completely irrational

tack to take when trying to con
vince people of your sincerity,
and it is made much worse when
outright lies are used to support
your position. This is precisely
what the "No on 15 Committee"
does.
For example, their literature
states. "Supporters of Proposi
tion 15 would like people to be
lieve that nuclear power plants
can explode like atomic bombs."
Asa staunch support of Prop. 15,
I would like to say that never in
my life have I ever heard such a
horrendous falsehood. In all of
their presentations and talks, the
organized support of Prop. 15
have actively worked to dispel
such myths, and to cast some
light onto the whole qomplex
problem of nuclear power, rather
than to put down the opposition
with a single-mindedly biased
viewpoint.
The Nuclear Safeguards Initia
tive is not a shutdown, ban or
moratorium. It may indeed have
that effect, because the nuclear
industry may not be able to actu
al ly prove their claims of safety,
economy and environmental
harmlessness. These claims may
be of the same substance as their
literature. If so,'l am very, very
scared.
(Steve Juwetz is a sophomore in
human biology.)
Steve Jawetz

I recently received some litera
ture from the "No on 1 5 Commit
tee" that not only deeply shook
my faith in the ability of Ameri
can industry to remain honest,
but also put me in fear of losing
the thread of democracy al
together.
Prop. 15 would put the deci
sion on nuclear power into the
hands of an elected representa
tive body known commonly as
the California State Legislature,
and these human beings would
then weigh the various costs and
benefits of utilizing uranium
atoms to produce our morning
coffee and toast.
This seems to me to be a far
more rational process than leav
ing the decision in the hands of
an industry with a vested in
terest in seeing nuclear power go
full speed ahead, or in the hands
of a government that has already
proclaimed its intention to pro
ceed with nuclear power de
velopment. And yet, this litera
ture would have me believe not
only that the passage of Prop. 15
would lead to another Dark Age,
but that the people working to
pass the proposition are malici
ously attempting to destroy the
state (in which they live) both
economically and environmen
tally.
This is a completely irrational

tack to take when trying to con
vince people of your sincerity,
and it is made much worse when
outright lies are used to support
your position. This is precisely
what the "No on 15 Committee"
does.
For example, their literature
states. "Supporters of Proposi
tion 15 would like people to be
lieve that nuclear power plants
can explode like atomic bombs."
Asa staunch support of Prop. 15,
I would like to say that never in
my life have I ever heard such a
horrendous falsehood. In all of
their presentations and talks, the
organized support of Prop. 15
have actively worked to dispel
such myths, and to cast some
light onto the whole qomplex
problem of nuclear power, rather
than to put down the opposition
with a single-mindedly biased
viewpoint.
The Nuclear Safeguards Initia
tive is not a shutdown, ban or
moratorium. It may indeed have
that effect, because the nuclear
industry may not be able to actu
al ly prove their claims of safety,
economy and environmental
harmlessness. These claims may
be of the same substance as their
literature. If so,'l am very, very
scared.
(Steve Juwetz is a sophomore in
human biology.)
Steve Jawetz

I recently received some litera
ture from the "No on 1 5 Commit
tee" that not only deeply shook
my faith in the ability of Ameri
can industry to remain honest,
but also put me in fear of losing
the thread of democracy al
together.
Prop. 15 would put the deci
sion on nuclear power into the
hands of an elected representa
tive body known commonly as
the California State Legislature,
and these human beings would
then weigh the various costs and
benefits of utilizing uranium
atoms to produce our morning
coffee and toast.
This seems to me to be a far
more rational process than leav
ing the decision in the hands of
an industry with a vested in
terest in seeing nuclear power go
full speed ahead, or in the hands
of a government that has already
proclaimed its intention to pro
ceed with nuclear power de
velopment. And yet, this litera
ture would have me believe not
only that the passage of Prop. 15
would lead to another Dark Age,
but that the people working to
pass the proposition are malici
ously attempting to destroy the
state (in which they live) both
economically and environmen
tally.
This is a completely irrational

tack to take when trying to con
vince people of your sincerity,
and it is made much worse when
outright lies are used to support
your position. This is precisely
what the "No on 15 Committee"
does.
For example, their literature
states. "Supporters of Proposi
tion 15 would like people to be
lieve that nuclear power plants
can explode like atomic bombs."
Asa staunch support of Prop. 15,
I would like to say that never in
my life have I ever heard such a
horrendous falsehood. In all of
their presentations and talks, the
organized support of Prop. 15
have actively worked to dispel
such myths, and to cast some
light onto the whole qomplex
problem of nuclear power, rather
than to put down the opposition
with a single-mindedly biased
viewpoint.
The Nuclear Safeguards Initia
tive is not a shutdown, ban or
moratorium. It may indeed have
that effect, because the nuclear
industry may not be able to actu
al ly prove their claims of safety,
economy and environmental
harmlessness. These claims may
be of the same substance as their
literature. If so,'l am very, very
scared.
(Steve Juwetz is a sophomore in
human biology.)
Steve Jawetz

I recently received some litera
ture from the "No on 1 5 Commit
tee" that not only deeply shook
my faith in the ability of Ameri
can industry to remain honest,
but also put me in fear of losing
the thread of democracy al
together.
Prop. 15 would put the deci
sion on nuclear power into the
hands of an elected representa
tive body known commonly as
the California State Legislature,
and these human beings would
then weigh the various costs and
benefits of utilizing uranium
atoms to produce our morning
coffee and toast.
This seems to me to be a far
more rational process than leav
ing the decision in the hands of
an industry with a vested in
terest in seeing nuclear power go
full speed ahead, or in the hands
of a government that has already
proclaimed its intention to pro
ceed with nuclear power de
velopment. And yet, this litera
ture would have me believe not
only that the passage of Prop. 15
would lead to another Dark Age,
but that the people working to
pass the proposition are malici
ously attempting to destroy the
state (in which they live) both
economically and environmen
tally.
This is a completely irrational

tack to take when trying to con
vince people of your sincerity,
and it is made much worse when
outright lies are used to support
your position. This is precisely
what the "No on 15 Committee"
does.
For example, their literature
states. "Supporters of Proposi
tion 15 would like people to be
lieve that nuclear power plants
can explode like atomic bombs."
Asa staunch support of Prop. 15,
I would like to say that never in
my life have I ever heard such a
horrendous falsehood. In all of
their presentations and talks, the
organized support of Prop. 15
have actively worked to dispel
such myths, and to cast some
light onto the whole qomplex
problem of nuclear power, rather
than to put down the opposition
with a single-mindedly biased
viewpoint.
The Nuclear Safeguards Initia
tive is not a shutdown, ban or
moratorium. It may indeed have
that effect, because the nuclear
industry may not be able to actu
al ly prove their claims of safety,
economy and environmental
harmlessness. These claims may
be of the same substance as their
literature. If so,'l am very, very
scared.
(Steve Juwetz is a sophomore in
human biology.)
Steve Jawetz

I recently received some litera
ture from the "No on 1 5 Commit
tee" that not only deeply shook
my faith in the ability of Ameri
can industry to remain honest,
but also put me in fear of losing
the thread of democracy al
together.
Prop. 15 would put the deci
sion on nuclear power into the
hands of an elected representa
tive body known commonly as
the California State Legislature,
and these human beings would
then weigh the various costs and
benefits of utilizing uranium
atoms to produce our morning
coffee and toast.
This seems to me to be a far
more rational process than leav
ing the decision in the hands of
an industry with a vested in
terest in seeing nuclear power go
full speed ahead, or in the hands
of a government that has already
proclaimed its intention to pro
ceed with nuclear power de
velopment. And yet, this litera
ture would have me believe not
only that the passage of Prop. 15
would lead to another Dark Age,
but that the people working to
pass the proposition are malici
ously attempting to destroy the
state (in which they live) both
economically and environmen
tally.
This is a completely irrational

tack to take when trying to con
vince people of your sincerity,
and it is made much worse when
outright lies are used to support
your position. This is precisely
what the "No on 15 Committee"
does.
For example, their literature
states. "Supporters of Proposi
tion 15 would like people to be
lieve that nuclear power plants
can explode like atomic bombs."
Asa staunch support of Prop. 15,
I would like to say that never in
my life have I ever heard such a
horrendous falsehood. In all of
their presentations and talks, the
organized support of Prop. 15
have actively worked to dispel
such myths, and to cast some
light onto the whole qomplex
problem of nuclear power, rather
than to put down the opposition
with a single-mindedly biased
viewpoint.
The Nuclear Safeguards Initia
tive is not a shutdown, ban or
moratorium. It may indeed have
that effect, because the nuclear
industry may not be able to actu
al ly prove their claims of safety,
economy and environmental
harmlessness. These claims may
be of the same substance as their
literature. If so,'l am very, very
scared.
(Steve Juwetz is a sophomore in
human biology.)
Steve Jawetz

I recently received some litera
ture from the "No on 1 5 Commit
tee" that not only deeply shook
my faith in the ability of Ameri
can industry to remain honest,
but also put me in fear of losing
the thread of democracy al
together.
Prop. 15 would put the deci
sion on nuclear power into the
hands of an elected representa
tive body known commonly as
the California State Legislature,
and these human beings would
then weigh the various costs and
benefits of utilizing uranium
atoms to produce our morning
coffee and toast.
This seems to me to be a far
more rational process than leav
ing the decision in the hands of
an industry with a vested in
terest in seeing nuclear power go
full speed ahead, or in the hands
of a government that has already
proclaimed its intention to pro
ceed with nuclear power de
velopment. And yet, this litera
ture would have me believe not
only that the passage of Prop. 15
would lead to another Dark Age,
but that the people working to
pass the proposition are malici
ously attempting to destroy the
state (in which they live) both
economically and environmen
tally.
This is a completely irrational

tack to take when trying to con
vince people of your sincerity,
and it is made much worse when
outright lies are used to support
your position. This is precisely
what the "No on 15 Committee"
does.
For example, their literature
states. "Supporters of Proposi
tion 15 would like people to be
lieve that nuclear power plants
can explode like atomic bombs."
Asa staunch support of Prop. 15,
I would like to say that never in
my life have I ever heard such a
horrendous falsehood. In all of
their presentations and talks, the
organized support of Prop. 15
have actively worked to dispel
such myths, and to cast some
light onto the whole qomplex
problem of nuclear power, rather
than to put down the opposition
with a single-mindedly biased
viewpoint.
The Nuclear Safeguards Initia
tive is not a shutdown, ban or
moratorium. It may indeed have
that effect, because the nuclear
industry may not be able to actu
al ly prove their claims of safety,
economy and environmental
harmlessness. These claims may
be of the same substance as their
literature. If so,'l am very, very
scared.
(Steve Juwetz is a sophomore in
human biology.)
Steve Jawetz

I recently received some litera
ture from the "No on 1 5 Commit
tee" that not only deeply shook
my faith in the ability of Ameri
can industry to remain honest,
but also put me in fear of losing
the thread of democracy al
together.
Prop. 15 would put the deci
sion on nuclear power into the
hands of an elected representa
tive body known commonly as
the California State Legislature,
and these human beings would
then weigh the various costs and
benefits of utilizing uranium
atoms to produce our morning
coffee and toast.
This seems to me to be a far
more rational process than leav
ing the decision in the hands of
an industry with a vested in
terest in seeing nuclear power go
full speed ahead, or in the hands
of a government that has already
proclaimed its intention to pro
ceed with nuclear power de
velopment. And yet, this litera
ture would have me believe not
only that the passage of Prop. 15
would lead to another Dark Age,
but that the people working to
pass the proposition are malici
ously attempting to destroy the
state (in which they live) both
economically and environmen
tally.
This is a completely irrational

tack to take when trying to con
vince people of your sincerity,
and it is made much worse when
outright lies are used to support
your position. This is precisely
what the "No on 15 Committee"
does.
For example, their literature
states. "Supporters of Proposi
tion 15 would like people to be
lieve that nuclear power plants
can explode like atomic bombs."
Asa staunch support of Prop. 15,
I would like to say that never in
my life have I ever heard such a
horrendous falsehood. In all of
their presentations and talks, the
organized support of Prop. 15
have actively worked to dispel
such myths, and to cast some
light onto the whole qomplex
problem of nuclear power, rather
than to put down the opposition
with a single-mindedly biased
viewpoint.
The Nuclear Safeguards Initia
tive is not a shutdown, ban or
moratorium. It may indeed have
that effect, because the nuclear
industry may not be able to actu
al ly prove their claims of safety,
economy and environmental
harmlessness. These claims may
be of the same substance as their
literature. If so,'l am very, very
scared.
(Steve Juwetz is a sophomore in
human biology.)
Steve Jawetz

I recently received some litera
ture from the "No on 1 5 Commit
tee" that not only deeply shook
my faith in the ability of Ameri
can industry to remain honest,
but also put me in fear of losing
the thread of democracy al
together.
Prop. 15 would put the deci
sion on nuclear power into the
hands of an elected representa
tive body known commonly as
the California State Legislature,
and these human beings would
then weigh the various costs and
benefits of utilizing uranium
atoms to produce our morning
coffee and toast.
This seems to me to be a far
more rational process than leav
ing the decision in the hands of
an industry with a vested in
terest in seeing nuclear power go
full speed ahead, or in the hands
of a government that has already
proclaimed its intention to pro
ceed with nuclear power de
velopment. And yet, this litera
ture would have me believe not
only that the passage of Prop. 15
would lead to another Dark Age,
but that the people working to
pass the proposition are malici
ously attempting to destroy the
state (in which they live) both
economically and environmen
tally.
This is a completely irrational

tack to take when trying to con
vince people of your sincerity,
and it is made much worse when
outright lies are used to support
your position. This is precisely
what the "No on 15 Committee"
does.
For example, their literature
states. "Supporters of Proposi
tion 15 would like people to be
lieve that nuclear power plants
can explode like atomic bombs."
Asa staunch support of Prop. 15,
I would like to say that never in
my life have I ever heard such a
horrendous falsehood. In all of
their presentations and talks, the
organized support of Prop. 15
have actively worked to dispel
such myths, and to cast some
light onto the whole qomplex
problem of nuclear power, rather
than to put down the opposition
with a single-mindedly biased
viewpoint.
The Nuclear Safeguards Initia
tive is not a shutdown, ban or
moratorium. It may indeed have
that effect, because the nuclear
industry may not be able to actu
al ly prove their claims of safety,
economy and environmental
harmlessness. These claims may
be of the same substance as their
literature. If so,'l am very, very
scared.
(Steve Juwetz is a sophomore in
human biology.)
Steve Jawetz

I recently received some litera
ture from the "No on 1 5 Commit
tee" that not only deeply shook
my faith in the ability of Ameri
can industry to remain honest,
but also put me in fear of losing
the thread of democracy al
together.
Prop. 15 would put the deci
sion on nuclear power into the
hands of an elected representa
tive body known commonly as
the California State Legislature,
and these human beings would
then weigh the various costs and
benefits of utilizing uranium
atoms to produce our morning
coffee and toast.
This seems to me to be a far
more rational process than leav
ing the decision in the hands of
an industry with a vested in
terest in seeing nuclear power go
full speed ahead, or in the hands
of a government that has already
proclaimed its intention to pro
ceed with nuclear power de
velopment. And yet, this litera
ture would have me believe not
only that the passage of Prop. 15
would lead to another Dark Age,
but that the people working to
pass the proposition are malici
ously attempting to destroy the
state (in which they live) both
economically and environmen
tally.
This is a completely irrational

tack to take when trying to con
vince people of your sincerity,
and it is made much worse when
outright lies are used to support
your position. This is precisely
what the "No on 15 Committee"
does.
For example, their literature
states. "Supporters of Proposi
tion 15 would like people to be
lieve that nuclear power plants
can explode like atomic bombs."
Asa staunch support of Prop. 15,
I would like to say that never in
my life have I ever heard such a
horrendous falsehood. In all of
their presentations and talks, the
organized support of Prop. 15
have actively worked to dispel
such myths, and to cast some
light onto the whole qomplex
problem of nuclear power, rather
than to put down the opposition
with a single-mindedly biased
viewpoint.
The Nuclear Safeguards Initia
tive is not a shutdown, ban or
moratorium. It may indeed have
that effect, because the nuclear
industry may not be able to actu
al ly prove their claims of safety,
economy and environmental
harmlessness. These claims may
be of the same substance as their
literature. If so,'l am very, very
scared.
(Steve Juwetz is a sophomore in
human biology.)
Steve Jawetz

I recently received some litera
ture from the "No on 1 5 Commit
tee" that not only deeply shook
my faith in the ability of Ameri
can industry to remain honest,
but also put me in fear of losing
the thread of democracy al
together.
Prop. 15 would put the deci
sion on nuclear power into the
hands of an elected representa
tive body known commonly as
the California State Legislature,
and these human beings would
then weigh the various costs and
benefits of utilizing uranium
atoms to produce our morning
coffee and toast.
This seems to me to be a far
more rational process than leav
ing the decision in the hands of
an industry with a vested in
terest in seeing nuclear power go
full speed ahead, or in the hands
of a government that has already
proclaimed its intention to pro
ceed with nuclear power de
velopment. And yet, this litera
ture would have me believe not
only that the passage of Prop. 15
would lead to another Dark Age,
but that the people working to
pass the proposition are malici
ously attempting to destroy the
state (in which they live) both
economically and environmen
tally.
This is a completely irrational

tack to take when trying to con
vince people of your sincerity,
and it is made much worse when
outright lies are used to support
your position. This is precisely
what the "No on 15 Committee"
does.
For example, their literature
states. "Supporters of Proposi
tion 15 would like people to be
lieve that nuclear power plants
can explode like atomic bombs."
Asa staunch support of Prop. 15,
I would like to say that never in
my life have I ever heard such a
horrendous falsehood. In all of
their presentations and talks, the
organized support of Prop. 15
have actively worked to dispel
such myths, and to cast some
light onto the whole qomplex
problem of nuclear power, rather
than to put down the opposition
with a single-mindedly biased
viewpoint.
The Nuclear Safeguards Initia
tive is not a shutdown, ban or
moratorium. It may indeed have
that effect, because the nuclear
industry may not be able to actu
al ly prove their claims of safety,
economy and environmental
harmlessness. These claims may
be of the same substance as their
literature. If so,'l am very, very
scared.
(Steve Juwetz is a sophomore in
human biology.)
Steve Jawetz

I recently received some litera
ture from the "No on 1 5 Commit
tee" that not only deeply shook
my faith in the ability of Ameri
can industry to remain honest,
but also put me in fear of losing
the thread of democracy al
together.
Prop. 15 would put the deci
sion on nuclear power into the
hands of an elected representa
tive body known commonly as
the California State Legislature,
and these human beings would
then weigh the various costs and
benefits of utilizing uranium
atoms to produce our morning
coffee and toast.
This seems to me to be a far
more rational process than leav
ing the decision in the hands of
an industry with a vested in
terest in seeing nuclear power go
full speed ahead, or in the hands
of a government that has already
proclaimed its intention to pro
ceed with nuclear power de
velopment. And yet, this litera
ture would have me believe not
only that the passage of Prop. 15
would lead to another Dark Age,
but that the people working to
pass the proposition are malici
ously attempting to destroy the
state (in which they live) both
economically and environmen
tally.
This is a completely irrational

tack to take when trying to con
vince people of your sincerity,
and it is made much worse when
outright lies are used to support
your position. This is precisely
what the "No on 15 Committee"
does.
For example, their literature
states. "Supporters of Proposi
tion 15 would like people to be
lieve that nuclear power plants
can explode like atomic bombs."
Asa staunch support of Prop. 15,
I would like to say that never in
my life have I ever heard such a
horrendous falsehood. In all of
their presentations and talks, the
organized support of Prop. 15
have actively worked to dispel
such myths, and to cast some
light onto the whole qomplex
problem of nuclear power, rather
than to put down the opposition
with a single-mindedly biased
viewpoint.
The Nuclear Safeguards Initia
tive is not a shutdown, ban or
moratorium. It may indeed have
that effect, because the nuclear
industry may not be able to actu
al ly prove their claims of safety,
economy and environmental
harmlessness. These claims may
be of the same substance as their
literature. If so,'l am very, very
scared.
(Steve Juwetz is a sophomore in
human biology.)
