# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Cotton yields, in recent years have
averaged 100 pounds above what was
considered normal in the early '30's.
Cotton yields, in recent years have
averaged 100 pounds above what was
considered normal in the early '30's.
Cotton yields, in recent years have
averaged 100 pounds above what was
considered normal in the early '30's.
Cotton yields, in recent years have
averaged 100 pounds above what was
considered normal in the early '30's.
Cotton yields, in recent years have
averaged 100 pounds above what was
considered normal in the early '30's.
Cotton yields, in recent years have
averaged 100 pounds above what was
considered normal in the early '30's.
Cotton yields, in recent years have
averaged 100 pounds above what was
considered normal in the early '30's.
Cotton yields, in recent years have
averaged 100 pounds above what was
considered normal in the early '30's.
Cotton yields, in recent years have
averaged 100 pounds above what was
considered normal in the early '30's.
Cotton yields, in recent years have
averaged 100 pounds above what was
considered normal in the early '30's.
Cotton yields, in recent years have
averaged 100 pounds above what was
considered normal in the early '30's.
Cotton yields, in recent years have
averaged 100 pounds above what was
considered normal in the early '30's.
Cotton yields, in recent years have
averaged 100 pounds above what was
considered normal in the early '30's.
Cotton yields, in recent years have
averaged 100 pounds above what was
considered normal in the early '30's.
Cotton yields, in recent years have
averaged 100 pounds above what was
considered normal in the early '30's.
