# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Although Seattle is the U.S. port
closest to Tokyo, it is also the near
est West Coast U.S. port to Rome,
based on air distances. It is ,4.777
miles to Tokyo and only 5.G59 miles
to Rome.
Although Seattle is the U.S. port
closest to Tokyo, it is also the near
est West Coast U.S. port to Rome,
based on air distances. It is ,4.777
miles to Tokyo and only 5.G59 miles
to Rome.
Although Seattle is the U.S. port
closest to Tokyo, it is also the near
est West Coast U.S. port to Rome,
based on air distances. It is ,4.777
miles to Tokyo and only 5.G59 miles
to Rome.
Although Seattle is the U.S. port
closest to Tokyo, it is also the near
est West Coast U.S. port to Rome,
based on air distances. It is ,4.777
miles to Tokyo and only 5.G59 miles
to Rome.
Although Seattle is the U.S. port
closest to Tokyo, it is also the near
est West Coast U.S. port to Rome,
based on air distances. It is ,4.777
miles to Tokyo and only 5.G59 miles
to Rome.
Although Seattle is the U.S. port
closest to Tokyo, it is also the near
est West Coast U.S. port to Rome,
based on air distances. It is ,4.777
miles to Tokyo and only 5.G59 miles
to Rome.
Although Seattle is the U.S. port
closest to Tokyo, it is also the near
est West Coast U.S. port to Rome,
based on air distances. It is ,4.777
miles to Tokyo and only 5.G59 miles
to Rome.
Although Seattle is the U.S. port
closest to Tokyo, it is also the near
est West Coast U.S. port to Rome,
based on air distances. It is ,4.777
miles to Tokyo and only 5.G59 miles
to Rome.
Although Seattle is the U.S. port
closest to Tokyo, it is also the near
est West Coast U.S. port to Rome,
based on air distances. It is ,4.777
miles to Tokyo and only 5.G59 miles
to Rome.
Although Seattle is the U.S. port
closest to Tokyo, it is also the near
est West Coast U.S. port to Rome,
based on air distances. It is ,4.777
miles to Tokyo and only 5.G59 miles
to Rome.
Although Seattle is the U.S. port
closest to Tokyo, it is also the near
est West Coast U.S. port to Rome,
based on air distances. It is ,4.777
miles to Tokyo and only 5.G59 miles
to Rome.
Although Seattle is the U.S. port
closest to Tokyo, it is also the near
est West Coast U.S. port to Rome,
based on air distances. It is ,4.777
miles to Tokyo and only 5.G59 miles
to Rome.
Although Seattle is the U.S. port
closest to Tokyo, it is also the near
est West Coast U.S. port to Rome,
based on air distances. It is ,4.777
miles to Tokyo and only 5.G59 miles
to Rome.
Although Seattle is the U.S. port
closest to Tokyo, it is also the near
est West Coast U.S. port to Rome,
based on air distances. It is ,4.777
miles to Tokyo and only 5.G59 miles
to Rome.
Although Seattle is the U.S. port
closest to Tokyo, it is also the near
est West Coast U.S. port to Rome,
based on air distances. It is ,4.777
miles to Tokyo and only 5.G59 miles
to Rome.
