# FIREMAN SADâ€”NO KIKE!
## 
### 
Answering a false alarm, three
firehouse trucks were called out at
8:30 yesterday morning to the BA.C.
dumps. The alarm was turned in by
somebody who had seen smoke near
the dumps and had telephoned the
story in. No fire was found at the
dumps when the firemen arrived.
Answering a false alarm, three
firehouse trucks were called out at
8:30 yesterday morning to the BA.C.
dumps. The alarm was turned in by
somebody who had seen smoke near
the dumps and had telephoned the
story in. No fire was found at the
dumps when the firemen arrived.
Answering a false alarm, three
firehouse trucks were called out at
8:30 yesterday morning to the BA.C.
dumps. The alarm was turned in by
somebody who had seen smoke near
the dumps and had telephoned the
story in. No fire was found at the
dumps when the firemen arrived.
Answering a false alarm, three
firehouse trucks were called out at
8:30 yesterday morning to the BA.C.
dumps. The alarm was turned in by
somebody who had seen smoke near
the dumps and had telephoned the
story in. No fire was found at the
dumps when the firemen arrived.
Answering a false alarm, three
firehouse trucks were called out at
8:30 yesterday morning to the BA.C.
dumps. The alarm was turned in by
somebody who had seen smoke near
the dumps and had telephoned the
story in. No fire was found at the
dumps when the firemen arrived.
Answering a false alarm, three
firehouse trucks were called out at
8:30 yesterday morning to the BA.C.
dumps. The alarm was turned in by
somebody who had seen smoke near
the dumps and had telephoned the
story in. No fire was found at the
dumps when the firemen arrived.
Answering a false alarm, three
firehouse trucks were called out at
8:30 yesterday morning to the BA.C.
dumps. The alarm was turned in by
somebody who had seen smoke near
the dumps and had telephoned the
story in. No fire was found at the
dumps when the firemen arrived.
Answering a false alarm, three
firehouse trucks were called out at
8:30 yesterday morning to the BA.C.
dumps. The alarm was turned in by
somebody who had seen smoke near
the dumps and had telephoned the
story in. No fire was found at the
dumps when the firemen arrived.
Answering a false alarm, three
firehouse trucks were called out at
8:30 yesterday morning to the BA.C.
dumps. The alarm was turned in by
somebody who had seen smoke near
the dumps and had telephoned the
story in. No fire was found at the
dumps when the firemen arrived.
Answering a false alarm, three
firehouse trucks were called out at
8:30 yesterday morning to the BA.C.
dumps. The alarm was turned in by
somebody who had seen smoke near
the dumps and had telephoned the
story in. No fire was found at the
dumps when the firemen arrived.
Answering a false alarm, three
firehouse trucks were called out at
8:30 yesterday morning to the BA.C.
dumps. The alarm was turned in by
somebody who had seen smoke near
the dumps and had telephoned the
story in. No fire was found at the
dumps when the firemen arrived.
Answering a false alarm, three
firehouse trucks were called out at
8:30 yesterday morning to the BA.C.
dumps. The alarm was turned in by
somebody who had seen smoke near
the dumps and had telephoned the
story in. No fire was found at the
dumps when the firemen arrived.
Answering a false alarm, three
firehouse trucks were called out at
8:30 yesterday morning to the BA.C.
dumps. The alarm was turned in by
somebody who had seen smoke near
the dumps and had telephoned the
story in. No fire was found at the
dumps when the firemen arrived.
Answering a false alarm, three
firehouse trucks were called out at
8:30 yesterday morning to the BA.C.
dumps. The alarm was turned in by
somebody who had seen smoke near
the dumps and had telephoned the
story in. No fire was found at the
dumps when the firemen arrived.
Answering a false alarm, three
firehouse trucks were called out at
8:30 yesterday morning to the BA.C.
dumps. The alarm was turned in by
somebody who had seen smoke near
the dumps and had telephoned the
story in. No fire was found at the
dumps when the firemen arrived.
