# Grads To Arrange Orientation Plan
## 
### 
The Graduate Student Asso
ciation (GSA) will sponsor an
orientation program for all new
graduate stutdents, beginning
with next fall. In a report to
the GSA steering committee,
Barry Askinas, GSA chairman,
outlined the tentative program.
The highly successful foreign
student orientation program ad
ministered thru the Internation
al Center will be expanded to in
clude new American graduate
stutdents who choose to partici
pate. Part of the program will
be expanded to include new
American graduate students
who choose to participate. Part
of the program will be reserved
for information of interest only
to foreign students, 80 per cent
of whom are graduate students,
but most events will be held
jointly with American students.

A committee with representa
tives from the GSA and the In
ternational Association will be
formed later this year to work
together with Virgil Whitaker,
Dean of the Graduate Division,
Bill Wyman, Associate Dean of
Students, Sarah Norton from
Bowman Alumni House, and
Nancy Kinsey of the I-Center
staff, to design a detailed pro
gram.
This orinetation program is
one result of an informal agree
ment between the International
Association and the GSA to col
laborate on programs of interest
and benefit to graduate students.
They are jointly sponsoring an
Election evening get-together at
the International Center on No
vember 5. Several Happy Hours
at the I-Center are also planned
beginning with this Friday from
4-7 p.m.
The Graduate Student Asso
ciation (GSA) will sponsor an
orientation program for all new
graduate stutdents, beginning
with next fall. In a report to
the GSA steering committee,
Barry Askinas, GSA chairman,
outlined the tentative program.
The highly successful foreign
student orientation program ad
ministered thru the Internation
al Center will be expanded to in
clude new American graduate
stutdents who choose to partici
pate. Part of the program will
be expanded to include new
American graduate students
who choose to participate. Part
of the program will be reserved
for information of interest only
to foreign students, 80 per cent
of whom are graduate students,
but most events will be held
jointly with American students.

A committee with representa
tives from the GSA and the In
ternational Association will be
formed later this year to work
together with Virgil Whitaker,
Dean of the Graduate Division,
Bill Wyman, Associate Dean of
Students, Sarah Norton from
Bowman Alumni House, and
Nancy Kinsey of the I-Center
staff, to design a detailed pro
gram.
This orinetation program is
one result of an informal agree
ment between the International
Association and the GSA to col
laborate on programs of interest
and benefit to graduate students.
They are jointly sponsoring an
Election evening get-together at
the International Center on No
vember 5. Several Happy Hours
at the I-Center are also planned
beginning with this Friday from
4-7 p.m.
The Graduate Student Asso
ciation (GSA) will sponsor an
orientation program for all new
graduate stutdents, beginning
with next fall. In a report to
the GSA steering committee,
Barry Askinas, GSA chairman,
outlined the tentative program.
The highly successful foreign
student orientation program ad
ministered thru the Internation
al Center will be expanded to in
clude new American graduate
stutdents who choose to partici
pate. Part of the program will
be expanded to include new
American graduate students
who choose to participate. Part
of the program will be reserved
for information of interest only
to foreign students, 80 per cent
of whom are graduate students,
but most events will be held
jointly with American students.

A committee with representa
tives from the GSA and the In
ternational Association will be
formed later this year to work
together with Virgil Whitaker,
Dean of the Graduate Division,
Bill Wyman, Associate Dean of
Students, Sarah Norton from
Bowman Alumni House, and
Nancy Kinsey of the I-Center
staff, to design a detailed pro
gram.
This orinetation program is
one result of an informal agree
ment between the International
Association and the GSA to col
laborate on programs of interest
and benefit to graduate students.
They are jointly sponsoring an
Election evening get-together at
the International Center on No
vember 5. Several Happy Hours
at the I-Center are also planned
beginning with this Friday from
4-7 p.m.
The Graduate Student Asso
ciation (GSA) will sponsor an
orientation program for all new
graduate stutdents, beginning
with next fall. In a report to
the GSA steering committee,
Barry Askinas, GSA chairman,
outlined the tentative program.
The highly successful foreign
student orientation program ad
ministered thru the Internation
al Center will be expanded to in
clude new American graduate
stutdents who choose to partici
pate. Part of the program will
be expanded to include new
American graduate students
who choose to participate. Part
of the program will be reserved
for information of interest only
to foreign students, 80 per cent
of whom are graduate students,
but most events will be held
jointly with American students.

A committee with representa
tives from the GSA and the In
ternational Association will be
formed later this year to work
together with Virgil Whitaker,
Dean of the Graduate Division,
Bill Wyman, Associate Dean of
Students, Sarah Norton from
Bowman Alumni House, and
Nancy Kinsey of the I-Center
staff, to design a detailed pro
gram.
This orinetation program is
one result of an informal agree
ment between the International
Association and the GSA to col
laborate on programs of interest
and benefit to graduate students.
They are jointly sponsoring an
Election evening get-together at
the International Center on No
vember 5. Several Happy Hours
at the I-Center are also planned
beginning with this Friday from
4-7 p.m.
The Graduate Student Asso
ciation (GSA) will sponsor an
orientation program for all new
graduate stutdents, beginning
with next fall. In a report to
the GSA steering committee,
Barry Askinas, GSA chairman,
outlined the tentative program.
The highly successful foreign
student orientation program ad
ministered thru the Internation
al Center will be expanded to in
clude new American graduate
stutdents who choose to partici
pate. Part of the program will
be expanded to include new
American graduate students
who choose to participate. Part
of the program will be reserved
for information of interest only
to foreign students, 80 per cent
of whom are graduate students,
but most events will be held
jointly with American students.

A committee with representa
tives from the GSA and the In
ternational Association will be
formed later this year to work
together with Virgil Whitaker,
Dean of the Graduate Division,
Bill Wyman, Associate Dean of
Students, Sarah Norton from
Bowman Alumni House, and
Nancy Kinsey of the I-Center
staff, to design a detailed pro
gram.
This orinetation program is
one result of an informal agree
ment between the International
Association and the GSA to col
laborate on programs of interest
and benefit to graduate students.
They are jointly sponsoring an
Election evening get-together at
the International Center on No
vember 5. Several Happy Hours
at the I-Center are also planned
beginning with this Friday from
4-7 p.m.
The Graduate Student Asso
ciation (GSA) will sponsor an
orientation program for all new
graduate stutdents, beginning
with next fall. In a report to
the GSA steering committee,
Barry Askinas, GSA chairman,
outlined the tentative program.
The highly successful foreign
student orientation program ad
ministered thru the Internation
al Center will be expanded to in
clude new American graduate
stutdents who choose to partici
pate. Part of the program will
be expanded to include new
American graduate students
who choose to participate. Part
of the program will be reserved
for information of interest only
to foreign students, 80 per cent
of whom are graduate students,
but most events will be held
jointly with American students.

A committee with representa
tives from the GSA and the In
ternational Association will be
formed later this year to work
together with Virgil Whitaker,
Dean of the Graduate Division,
Bill Wyman, Associate Dean of
Students, Sarah Norton from
Bowman Alumni House, and
Nancy Kinsey of the I-Center
staff, to design a detailed pro
gram.
This orinetation program is
one result of an informal agree
ment between the International
Association and the GSA to col
laborate on programs of interest
and benefit to graduate students.
They are jointly sponsoring an
Election evening get-together at
the International Center on No
vember 5. Several Happy Hours
at the I-Center are also planned
beginning with this Friday from
4-7 p.m.
The Graduate Student Asso
ciation (GSA) will sponsor an
orientation program for all new
graduate stutdents, beginning
with next fall. In a report to
the GSA steering committee,
Barry Askinas, GSA chairman,
outlined the tentative program.
The highly successful foreign
student orientation program ad
ministered thru the Internation
al Center will be expanded to in
clude new American graduate
stutdents who choose to partici
pate. Part of the program will
be expanded to include new
American graduate students
who choose to participate. Part
of the program will be reserved
for information of interest only
to foreign students, 80 per cent
of whom are graduate students,
but most events will be held
jointly with American students.

A committee with representa
tives from the GSA and the In
ternational Association will be
formed later this year to work
together with Virgil Whitaker,
Dean of the Graduate Division,
Bill Wyman, Associate Dean of
Students, Sarah Norton from
Bowman Alumni House, and
Nancy Kinsey of the I-Center
staff, to design a detailed pro
gram.
This orinetation program is
one result of an informal agree
ment between the International
Association and the GSA to col
laborate on programs of interest
and benefit to graduate students.
They are jointly sponsoring an
Election evening get-together at
the International Center on No
vember 5. Several Happy Hours
at the I-Center are also planned
beginning with this Friday from
4-7 p.m.
The Graduate Student Asso
ciation (GSA) will sponsor an
orientation program for all new
graduate stutdents, beginning
with next fall. In a report to
the GSA steering committee,
Barry Askinas, GSA chairman,
outlined the tentative program.
The highly successful foreign
student orientation program ad
ministered thru the Internation
al Center will be expanded to in
clude new American graduate
stutdents who choose to partici
pate. Part of the program will
be expanded to include new
American graduate students
who choose to participate. Part
of the program will be reserved
for information of interest only
to foreign students, 80 per cent
of whom are graduate students,
but most events will be held
jointly with American students.

A committee with representa
tives from the GSA and the In
ternational Association will be
formed later this year to work
together with Virgil Whitaker,
Dean of the Graduate Division,
Bill Wyman, Associate Dean of
Students, Sarah Norton from
Bowman Alumni House, and
Nancy Kinsey of the I-Center
staff, to design a detailed pro
gram.
This orinetation program is
one result of an informal agree
ment between the International
Association and the GSA to col
laborate on programs of interest
and benefit to graduate students.
They are jointly sponsoring an
Election evening get-together at
the International Center on No
vember 5. Several Happy Hours
at the I-Center are also planned
beginning with this Friday from
4-7 p.m.
The Graduate Student Asso
ciation (GSA) will sponsor an
orientation program for all new
graduate stutdents, beginning
with next fall. In a report to
the GSA steering committee,
Barry Askinas, GSA chairman,
outlined the tentative program.
The highly successful foreign
student orientation program ad
ministered thru the Internation
al Center will be expanded to in
clude new American graduate
stutdents who choose to partici
pate. Part of the program will
be expanded to include new
American graduate students
who choose to participate. Part
of the program will be reserved
for information of interest only
to foreign students, 80 per cent
of whom are graduate students,
but most events will be held
jointly with American students.

A committee with representa
tives from the GSA and the In
ternational Association will be
formed later this year to work
together with Virgil Whitaker,
Dean of the Graduate Division,
Bill Wyman, Associate Dean of
Students, Sarah Norton from
Bowman Alumni House, and
Nancy Kinsey of the I-Center
staff, to design a detailed pro
gram.
This orinetation program is
one result of an informal agree
ment between the International
Association and the GSA to col
laborate on programs of interest
and benefit to graduate students.
They are jointly sponsoring an
Election evening get-together at
the International Center on No
vember 5. Several Happy Hours
at the I-Center are also planned
beginning with this Friday from
4-7 p.m.
The Graduate Student Asso
ciation (GSA) will sponsor an
orientation program for all new
graduate stutdents, beginning
with next fall. In a report to
the GSA steering committee,
Barry Askinas, GSA chairman,
outlined the tentative program.
The highly successful foreign
student orientation program ad
ministered thru the Internation
al Center will be expanded to in
clude new American graduate
stutdents who choose to partici
pate. Part of the program will
be expanded to include new
American graduate students
who choose to participate. Part
of the program will be reserved
for information of interest only
to foreign students, 80 per cent
of whom are graduate students,
but most events will be held
jointly with American students.

A committee with representa
tives from the GSA and the In
ternational Association will be
formed later this year to work
together with Virgil Whitaker,
Dean of the Graduate Division,
Bill Wyman, Associate Dean of
Students, Sarah Norton from
Bowman Alumni House, and
Nancy Kinsey of the I-Center
staff, to design a detailed pro
gram.
This orinetation program is
one result of an informal agree
ment between the International
Association and the GSA to col
laborate on programs of interest
and benefit to graduate students.
They are jointly sponsoring an
Election evening get-together at
the International Center on No
vember 5. Several Happy Hours
at the I-Center are also planned
beginning with this Friday from
4-7 p.m.
The Graduate Student Asso
ciation (GSA) will sponsor an
orientation program for all new
graduate stutdents, beginning
with next fall. In a report to
the GSA steering committee,
Barry Askinas, GSA chairman,
outlined the tentative program.
The highly successful foreign
student orientation program ad
ministered thru the Internation
al Center will be expanded to in
clude new American graduate
stutdents who choose to partici
pate. Part of the program will
be expanded to include new
American graduate students
who choose to participate. Part
of the program will be reserved
for information of interest only
to foreign students, 80 per cent
of whom are graduate students,
but most events will be held
jointly with American students.

A committee with representa
tives from the GSA and the In
ternational Association will be
formed later this year to work
together with Virgil Whitaker,
Dean of the Graduate Division,
Bill Wyman, Associate Dean of
Students, Sarah Norton from
Bowman Alumni House, and
Nancy Kinsey of the I-Center
staff, to design a detailed pro
gram.
This orinetation program is
one result of an informal agree
ment between the International
Association and the GSA to col
laborate on programs of interest
and benefit to graduate students.
They are jointly sponsoring an
Election evening get-together at
the International Center on No
vember 5. Several Happy Hours
at the I-Center are also planned
beginning with this Friday from
4-7 p.m.
The Graduate Student Asso
ciation (GSA) will sponsor an
orientation program for all new
graduate stutdents, beginning
with next fall. In a report to
the GSA steering committee,
Barry Askinas, GSA chairman,
outlined the tentative program.
The highly successful foreign
student orientation program ad
ministered thru the Internation
al Center will be expanded to in
clude new American graduate
stutdents who choose to partici
pate. Part of the program will
be expanded to include new
American graduate students
who choose to participate. Part
of the program will be reserved
for information of interest only
to foreign students, 80 per cent
of whom are graduate students,
but most events will be held
jointly with American students.

A committee with representa
tives from the GSA and the In
ternational Association will be
formed later this year to work
together with Virgil Whitaker,
Dean of the Graduate Division,
Bill Wyman, Associate Dean of
Students, Sarah Norton from
Bowman Alumni House, and
Nancy Kinsey of the I-Center
staff, to design a detailed pro
gram.
This orinetation program is
one result of an informal agree
ment between the International
Association and the GSA to col
laborate on programs of interest
and benefit to graduate students.
They are jointly sponsoring an
Election evening get-together at
the International Center on No
vember 5. Several Happy Hours
at the I-Center are also planned
beginning with this Friday from
4-7 p.m.
The Graduate Student Asso
ciation (GSA) will sponsor an
orientation program for all new
graduate stutdents, beginning
with next fall. In a report to
the GSA steering committee,
Barry Askinas, GSA chairman,
outlined the tentative program.
The highly successful foreign
student orientation program ad
ministered thru the Internation
al Center will be expanded to in
clude new American graduate
stutdents who choose to partici
pate. Part of the program will
be expanded to include new
American graduate students
who choose to participate. Part
of the program will be reserved
for information of interest only
to foreign students, 80 per cent
of whom are graduate students,
but most events will be held
jointly with American students.

A committee with representa
tives from the GSA and the In
ternational Association will be
formed later this year to work
together with Virgil Whitaker,
Dean of the Graduate Division,
Bill Wyman, Associate Dean of
Students, Sarah Norton from
Bowman Alumni House, and
Nancy Kinsey of the I-Center
staff, to design a detailed pro
gram.
This orinetation program is
one result of an informal agree
ment between the International
Association and the GSA to col
laborate on programs of interest
and benefit to graduate students.
They are jointly sponsoring an
Election evening get-together at
the International Center on No
vember 5. Several Happy Hours
at the I-Center are also planned
beginning with this Friday from
4-7 p.m.
The Graduate Student Asso
ciation (GSA) will sponsor an
orientation program for all new
graduate stutdents, beginning
with next fall. In a report to
the GSA steering committee,
Barry Askinas, GSA chairman,
outlined the tentative program.
The highly successful foreign
student orientation program ad
ministered thru the Internation
al Center will be expanded to in
clude new American graduate
stutdents who choose to partici
pate. Part of the program will
be expanded to include new
American graduate students
who choose to participate. Part
of the program will be reserved
for information of interest only
to foreign students, 80 per cent
of whom are graduate students,
but most events will be held
jointly with American students.

A committee with representa
tives from the GSA and the In
ternational Association will be
formed later this year to work
together with Virgil Whitaker,
Dean of the Graduate Division,
Bill Wyman, Associate Dean of
Students, Sarah Norton from
Bowman Alumni House, and
Nancy Kinsey of the I-Center
staff, to design a detailed pro
gram.
This orinetation program is
one result of an informal agree
ment between the International
Association and the GSA to col
laborate on programs of interest
and benefit to graduate students.
They are jointly sponsoring an
Election evening get-together at
the International Center on No
vember 5. Several Happy Hours
at the I-Center are also planned
beginning with this Friday from
4-7 p.m.
The Graduate Student Asso
ciation (GSA) will sponsor an
orientation program for all new
graduate stutdents, beginning
with next fall. In a report to
the GSA steering committee,
Barry Askinas, GSA chairman,
outlined the tentative program.
The highly successful foreign
student orientation program ad
ministered thru the Internation
al Center will be expanded to in
clude new American graduate
stutdents who choose to partici
pate. Part of the program will
be expanded to include new
American graduate students
who choose to participate. Part
of the program will be reserved
for information of interest only
to foreign students, 80 per cent
of whom are graduate students,
but most events will be held
jointly with American students.

A committee with representa
tives from the GSA and the In
ternational Association will be
formed later this year to work
together with Virgil Whitaker,
Dean of the Graduate Division,
Bill Wyman, Associate Dean of
Students, Sarah Norton from
Bowman Alumni House, and
Nancy Kinsey of the I-Center
staff, to design a detailed pro
gram.
This orinetation program is
one result of an informal agree
ment between the International
Association and the GSA to col
laborate on programs of interest
and benefit to graduate students.
They are jointly sponsoring an
Election evening get-together at
the International Center on No
vember 5. Several Happy Hours
at the I-Center are also planned
beginning with this Friday from
4-7 p.m.
