# Varsity Crew to Row Washington.
## 
### 
Manager Barrett has practically
completed arrangements with the
University of Washington for a
regatta to be held between the Var
sity crews of Stanford and the nor
thern university on Lake Wash
ington about May 30th. The
Freshman crews will not compete.
Manager Barrett has practically
completed arrangements with the
University of Washington for a
regatta to be held between the Var
sity crews of Stanford and the nor
thern university on Lake Wash
ington about May 30th. The
Freshman crews will not compete.
Manager Barrett has practically
completed arrangements with the
University of Washington for a
regatta to be held between the Var
sity crews of Stanford and the nor
thern university on Lake Wash
ington about May 30th. The
Freshman crews will not compete.
Manager Barrett has practically
completed arrangements with the
University of Washington for a
regatta to be held between the Var
sity crews of Stanford and the nor
thern university on Lake Wash
ington about May 30th. The
Freshman crews will not compete.
Manager Barrett has practically
completed arrangements with the
University of Washington for a
regatta to be held between the Var
sity crews of Stanford and the nor
thern university on Lake Wash
ington about May 30th. The
Freshman crews will not compete.
Manager Barrett has practically
completed arrangements with the
University of Washington for a
regatta to be held between the Var
sity crews of Stanford and the nor
thern university on Lake Wash
ington about May 30th. The
Freshman crews will not compete.
Manager Barrett has practically
completed arrangements with the
University of Washington for a
regatta to be held between the Var
sity crews of Stanford and the nor
thern university on Lake Wash
ington about May 30th. The
Freshman crews will not compete.
Manager Barrett has practically
completed arrangements with the
University of Washington for a
regatta to be held between the Var
sity crews of Stanford and the nor
thern university on Lake Wash
ington about May 30th. The
Freshman crews will not compete.
Manager Barrett has practically
completed arrangements with the
University of Washington for a
regatta to be held between the Var
sity crews of Stanford and the nor
thern university on Lake Wash
ington about May 30th. The
Freshman crews will not compete.
