# Elected School Trustee.
## 
### 
Professor A. B. Show of the His
tory department was elected school
trustee in the recent election at
Palo Alto.
Professor A. B. Show of the His
tory department was elected school
trustee in the recent election at
Palo Alto.
Professor A. B. Show of the His
tory department was elected school
trustee in the recent election at
Palo Alto.
Professor A. B. Show of the His
tory department was elected school
trustee in the recent election at
Palo Alto.
Professor A. B. Show of the His
tory department was elected school
trustee in the recent election at
Palo Alto.
Professor A. B. Show of the His
tory department was elected school
trustee in the recent election at
Palo Alto.
Professor A. B. Show of the His
tory department was elected school
trustee in the recent election at
Palo Alto.
Professor A. B. Show of the His
tory department was elected school
trustee in the recent election at
Palo Alto.
Professor A. B. Show of the His
tory department was elected school
trustee in the recent election at
Palo Alto.
