# Encina Turns Out For Quad Photos
## 
### 
"More than two-thirds of the En
cina men turned out yesterday to
make their appointments for the
Quad, and we wish to thank them
for their co-operation," business
manager Ann Lilienthal said. "Of
166 residents, 150 signed up." she
said.
"More than two-thirds of the En
cina men turned out yesterday to
make their appointments for the
Quad, and we wish to thank them
for their co-operation," business
manager Ann Lilienthal said. "Of
166 residents, 150 signed up." she
said.
"More than two-thirds of the En
cina men turned out yesterday to
make their appointments for the
Quad, and we wish to thank them
for their co-operation," business
manager Ann Lilienthal said. "Of
166 residents, 150 signed up." she
said.
"More than two-thirds of the En
cina men turned out yesterday to
make their appointments for the
Quad, and we wish to thank them
for their co-operation," business
manager Ann Lilienthal said. "Of
166 residents, 150 signed up." she
said.
"More than two-thirds of the En
cina men turned out yesterday to
make their appointments for the
Quad, and we wish to thank them
for their co-operation," business
manager Ann Lilienthal said. "Of
166 residents, 150 signed up." she
said.
"More than two-thirds of the En
cina men turned out yesterday to
make their appointments for the
Quad, and we wish to thank them
for their co-operation," business
manager Ann Lilienthal said. "Of
166 residents, 150 signed up." she
said.
"More than two-thirds of the En
cina men turned out yesterday to
make their appointments for the
Quad, and we wish to thank them
for their co-operation," business
manager Ann Lilienthal said. "Of
166 residents, 150 signed up." she
said.
"More than two-thirds of the En
cina men turned out yesterday to
make their appointments for the
Quad, and we wish to thank them
for their co-operation," business
manager Ann Lilienthal said. "Of
166 residents, 150 signed up." she
said.
"More than two-thirds of the En
cina men turned out yesterday to
make their appointments for the
Quad, and we wish to thank them
for their co-operation," business
manager Ann Lilienthal said. "Of
166 residents, 150 signed up." she
said.
"More than two-thirds of the En
cina men turned out yesterday to
make their appointments for the
Quad, and we wish to thank them
for their co-operation," business
manager Ann Lilienthal said. "Of
166 residents, 150 signed up." she
said.
"More than two-thirds of the En
cina men turned out yesterday to
make their appointments for the
Quad, and we wish to thank them
for their co-operation," business
manager Ann Lilienthal said. "Of
166 residents, 150 signed up." she
said.
"More than two-thirds of the En
cina men turned out yesterday to
make their appointments for the
Quad, and we wish to thank them
for their co-operation," business
manager Ann Lilienthal said. "Of
166 residents, 150 signed up." she
said.
"More than two-thirds of the En
cina men turned out yesterday to
make their appointments for the
Quad, and we wish to thank them
for their co-operation," business
manager Ann Lilienthal said. "Of
166 residents, 150 signed up." she
said.
"More than two-thirds of the En
cina men turned out yesterday to
make their appointments for the
Quad, and we wish to thank them
for their co-operation," business
manager Ann Lilienthal said. "Of
166 residents, 150 signed up." she
said.
"More than two-thirds of the En
cina men turned out yesterday to
make their appointments for the
Quad, and we wish to thank them
for their co-operation," business
manager Ann Lilienthal said. "Of
166 residents, 150 signed up." she
said.
