# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A new college is to be established at
Portland, Ore., and will be an institu
tion of about the same rank as Am
herst.
A new college is to be established at
Portland, Ore., and will be an institu
tion of about the same rank as Am
herst.
A new college is to be established at
Portland, Ore., and will be an institu
tion of about the same rank as Am
herst.
A new college is to be established at
Portland, Ore., and will be an institu
tion of about the same rank as Am
herst.
A new college is to be established at
Portland, Ore., and will be an institu
tion of about the same rank as Am
herst.
A new college is to be established at
Portland, Ore., and will be an institu
tion of about the same rank as Am
herst.
A new college is to be established at
Portland, Ore., and will be an institu
tion of about the same rank as Am
herst.
A new college is to be established at
Portland, Ore., and will be an institu
tion of about the same rank as Am
herst.
A new college is to be established at
Portland, Ore., and will be an institu
tion of about the same rank as Am
herst.
A new college is to be established at
Portland, Ore., and will be an institu
tion of about the same rank as Am
herst.
A new college is to be established at
Portland, Ore., and will be an institu
tion of about the same rank as Am
herst.
