# STUDENT LIMITATION GAINS COMMENDATION OF EUROPEAN VISITOR
## Belgian Relief Commission Invests $33,000,000 to Foster Education 
### 
"Limitation and careful selection of
students is one of the best features of
American colleges, and it deserves en
couragement," declared Professor Henri
Frcdericq, of the University of Liege,
Belgium, during a short visit to the cam
pus, in the course of a four months' lec
ture tour of the United States under the
auspices of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium.
"The practical teaching of physiology
in this country is especially worthy of
high commendation. You have excellent
equipment, all the necessary study con
veniences, fine teachers, and interested
students. Such work as this is most ex
pensive, and Americans are fortunate in
having so much to do it with." This is
his comment on American educational
methods.
Commission Functions
Professor Fredericq, in explaining the
motives of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium, declared: "This body was or
ganized during the World W r ar, with
Herbert Hoover as chairman, to relieve
the food crisis. With the $33,000,000 left
on its hands when the Armistice was
signed, it invested the money in a number
of educational foundations. The most
important of these has headquarters in
both Brussels and New York. Seven mil
lion dollars was given this institution.
"Every year one Belgian professor is
sent to this country to lecture, and an
American is sent to Belgium. Professor
Gay, of Columbia University, is now
abroad. The purpose of the Commission
now is to promote good-will and under
standing between the United States and
Belgium.
"Twenty-five or thirty graduate Bel
gian students are annually given fellow
ships in American colleges, ancl five or
six Americans are sent to Belgium for
advanced study. Last year Dr. Baum
berger, professor of physiology at Stan
ford, was one of the Americans sent
abroad."
Hospitality Famous
In reviewing his impressions of our
universities, Professor Fredericq said,
"American colleges are famous through
out Europe for their hospitality to visi
tors, but I have found them even better
than their reputation."
"One of the most surprising charac
teristics of American college students,
which is contrary to European practice,
is the fact that they all seem to have
motor-cars," commented the Belgian pro
fessor.
"Limitation and careful selection of
students is one of the best features of
American colleges, and it deserves en
couragement," declared Professor Henri
Frcdericq, of the University of Liege,
Belgium, during a short visit to the cam
pus, in the course of a four months' lec
ture tour of the United States under the
auspices of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium.
"The practical teaching of physiology
in this country is especially worthy of
high commendation. You have excellent
equipment, all the necessary study con
veniences, fine teachers, and interested
students. Such work as this is most ex
pensive, and Americans are fortunate in
having so much to do it with." This is
his comment on American educational
methods.
Commission Functions
Professor Fredericq, in explaining the
motives of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium, declared: "This body was or
ganized during the World W r ar, with
Herbert Hoover as chairman, to relieve
the food crisis. With the $33,000,000 left
on its hands when the Armistice was
signed, it invested the money in a number
of educational foundations. The most
important of these has headquarters in
both Brussels and New York. Seven mil
lion dollars was given this institution.
"Every year one Belgian professor is
sent to this country to lecture, and an
American is sent to Belgium. Professor
Gay, of Columbia University, is now
abroad. The purpose of the Commission
now is to promote good-will and under
standing between the United States and
Belgium.
"Twenty-five or thirty graduate Bel
gian students are annually given fellow
ships in American colleges, ancl five or
six Americans are sent to Belgium for
advanced study. Last year Dr. Baum
berger, professor of physiology at Stan
ford, was one of the Americans sent
abroad."
Hospitality Famous
In reviewing his impressions of our
universities, Professor Fredericq said,
"American colleges are famous through
out Europe for their hospitality to visi
tors, but I have found them even better
than their reputation."
"One of the most surprising charac
teristics of American college students,
which is contrary to European practice,
is the fact that they all seem to have
motor-cars," commented the Belgian pro
fessor.
"Limitation and careful selection of
students is one of the best features of
American colleges, and it deserves en
couragement," declared Professor Henri
Frcdericq, of the University of Liege,
Belgium, during a short visit to the cam
pus, in the course of a four months' lec
ture tour of the United States under the
auspices of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium.
"The practical teaching of physiology
in this country is especially worthy of
high commendation. You have excellent
equipment, all the necessary study con
veniences, fine teachers, and interested
students. Such work as this is most ex
pensive, and Americans are fortunate in
having so much to do it with." This is
his comment on American educational
methods.
Commission Functions
Professor Fredericq, in explaining the
motives of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium, declared: "This body was or
ganized during the World W r ar, with
Herbert Hoover as chairman, to relieve
the food crisis. With the $33,000,000 left
on its hands when the Armistice was
signed, it invested the money in a number
of educational foundations. The most
important of these has headquarters in
both Brussels and New York. Seven mil
lion dollars was given this institution.
"Every year one Belgian professor is
sent to this country to lecture, and an
American is sent to Belgium. Professor
Gay, of Columbia University, is now
abroad. The purpose of the Commission
now is to promote good-will and under
standing between the United States and
Belgium.
"Twenty-five or thirty graduate Bel
gian students are annually given fellow
ships in American colleges, ancl five or
six Americans are sent to Belgium for
advanced study. Last year Dr. Baum
berger, professor of physiology at Stan
ford, was one of the Americans sent
abroad."
Hospitality Famous
In reviewing his impressions of our
universities, Professor Fredericq said,
"American colleges are famous through
out Europe for their hospitality to visi
tors, but I have found them even better
than their reputation."
"One of the most surprising charac
teristics of American college students,
which is contrary to European practice,
is the fact that they all seem to have
motor-cars," commented the Belgian pro
fessor.
"Limitation and careful selection of
students is one of the best features of
American colleges, and it deserves en
couragement," declared Professor Henri
Frcdericq, of the University of Liege,
Belgium, during a short visit to the cam
pus, in the course of a four months' lec
ture tour of the United States under the
auspices of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium.
"The practical teaching of physiology
in this country is especially worthy of
high commendation. You have excellent
equipment, all the necessary study con
veniences, fine teachers, and interested
students. Such work as this is most ex
pensive, and Americans are fortunate in
having so much to do it with." This is
his comment on American educational
methods.
Commission Functions
Professor Fredericq, in explaining the
motives of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium, declared: "This body was or
ganized during the World W r ar, with
Herbert Hoover as chairman, to relieve
the food crisis. With the $33,000,000 left
on its hands when the Armistice was
signed, it invested the money in a number
of educational foundations. The most
important of these has headquarters in
both Brussels and New York. Seven mil
lion dollars was given this institution.
"Every year one Belgian professor is
sent to this country to lecture, and an
American is sent to Belgium. Professor
Gay, of Columbia University, is now
abroad. The purpose of the Commission
now is to promote good-will and under
standing between the United States and
Belgium.
"Twenty-five or thirty graduate Bel
gian students are annually given fellow
ships in American colleges, ancl five or
six Americans are sent to Belgium for
advanced study. Last year Dr. Baum
berger, professor of physiology at Stan
ford, was one of the Americans sent
abroad."
Hospitality Famous
In reviewing his impressions of our
universities, Professor Fredericq said,
"American colleges are famous through
out Europe for their hospitality to visi
tors, but I have found them even better
than their reputation."
"One of the most surprising charac
teristics of American college students,
which is contrary to European practice,
is the fact that they all seem to have
motor-cars," commented the Belgian pro
fessor.
"Limitation and careful selection of
students is one of the best features of
American colleges, and it deserves en
couragement," declared Professor Henri
Frcdericq, of the University of Liege,
Belgium, during a short visit to the cam
pus, in the course of a four months' lec
ture tour of the United States under the
auspices of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium.
"The practical teaching of physiology
in this country is especially worthy of
high commendation. You have excellent
equipment, all the necessary study con
veniences, fine teachers, and interested
students. Such work as this is most ex
pensive, and Americans are fortunate in
having so much to do it with." This is
his comment on American educational
methods.
Commission Functions
Professor Fredericq, in explaining the
motives of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium, declared: "This body was or
ganized during the World W r ar, with
Herbert Hoover as chairman, to relieve
the food crisis. With the $33,000,000 left
on its hands when the Armistice was
signed, it invested the money in a number
of educational foundations. The most
important of these has headquarters in
both Brussels and New York. Seven mil
lion dollars was given this institution.
"Every year one Belgian professor is
sent to this country to lecture, and an
American is sent to Belgium. Professor
Gay, of Columbia University, is now
abroad. The purpose of the Commission
now is to promote good-will and under
standing between the United States and
Belgium.
"Twenty-five or thirty graduate Bel
gian students are annually given fellow
ships in American colleges, ancl five or
six Americans are sent to Belgium for
advanced study. Last year Dr. Baum
berger, professor of physiology at Stan
ford, was one of the Americans sent
abroad."
Hospitality Famous
In reviewing his impressions of our
universities, Professor Fredericq said,
"American colleges are famous through
out Europe for their hospitality to visi
tors, but I have found them even better
than their reputation."
"One of the most surprising charac
teristics of American college students,
which is contrary to European practice,
is the fact that they all seem to have
motor-cars," commented the Belgian pro
fessor.
"Limitation and careful selection of
students is one of the best features of
American colleges, and it deserves en
couragement," declared Professor Henri
Frcdericq, of the University of Liege,
Belgium, during a short visit to the cam
pus, in the course of a four months' lec
ture tour of the United States under the
auspices of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium.
"The practical teaching of physiology
in this country is especially worthy of
high commendation. You have excellent
equipment, all the necessary study con
veniences, fine teachers, and interested
students. Such work as this is most ex
pensive, and Americans are fortunate in
having so much to do it with." This is
his comment on American educational
methods.
Commission Functions
Professor Fredericq, in explaining the
motives of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium, declared: "This body was or
ganized during the World W r ar, with
Herbert Hoover as chairman, to relieve
the food crisis. With the $33,000,000 left
on its hands when the Armistice was
signed, it invested the money in a number
of educational foundations. The most
important of these has headquarters in
both Brussels and New York. Seven mil
lion dollars was given this institution.
"Every year one Belgian professor is
sent to this country to lecture, and an
American is sent to Belgium. Professor
Gay, of Columbia University, is now
abroad. The purpose of the Commission
now is to promote good-will and under
standing between the United States and
Belgium.
"Twenty-five or thirty graduate Bel
gian students are annually given fellow
ships in American colleges, ancl five or
six Americans are sent to Belgium for
advanced study. Last year Dr. Baum
berger, professor of physiology at Stan
ford, was one of the Americans sent
abroad."
Hospitality Famous
In reviewing his impressions of our
universities, Professor Fredericq said,
"American colleges are famous through
out Europe for their hospitality to visi
tors, but I have found them even better
than their reputation."
"One of the most surprising charac
teristics of American college students,
which is contrary to European practice,
is the fact that they all seem to have
motor-cars," commented the Belgian pro
fessor.
"Limitation and careful selection of
students is one of the best features of
American colleges, and it deserves en
couragement," declared Professor Henri
Frcdericq, of the University of Liege,
Belgium, during a short visit to the cam
pus, in the course of a four months' lec
ture tour of the United States under the
auspices of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium.
"The practical teaching of physiology
in this country is especially worthy of
high commendation. You have excellent
equipment, all the necessary study con
veniences, fine teachers, and interested
students. Such work as this is most ex
pensive, and Americans are fortunate in
having so much to do it with." This is
his comment on American educational
methods.
Commission Functions
Professor Fredericq, in explaining the
motives of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium, declared: "This body was or
ganized during the World W r ar, with
Herbert Hoover as chairman, to relieve
the food crisis. With the $33,000,000 left
on its hands when the Armistice was
signed, it invested the money in a number
of educational foundations. The most
important of these has headquarters in
both Brussels and New York. Seven mil
lion dollars was given this institution.
"Every year one Belgian professor is
sent to this country to lecture, and an
American is sent to Belgium. Professor
Gay, of Columbia University, is now
abroad. The purpose of the Commission
now is to promote good-will and under
standing between the United States and
Belgium.
"Twenty-five or thirty graduate Bel
gian students are annually given fellow
ships in American colleges, ancl five or
six Americans are sent to Belgium for
advanced study. Last year Dr. Baum
berger, professor of physiology at Stan
ford, was one of the Americans sent
abroad."
Hospitality Famous
In reviewing his impressions of our
universities, Professor Fredericq said,
"American colleges are famous through
out Europe for their hospitality to visi
tors, but I have found them even better
than their reputation."
"One of the most surprising charac
teristics of American college students,
which is contrary to European practice,
is the fact that they all seem to have
motor-cars," commented the Belgian pro
fessor.
"Limitation and careful selection of
students is one of the best features of
American colleges, and it deserves en
couragement," declared Professor Henri
Frcdericq, of the University of Liege,
Belgium, during a short visit to the cam
pus, in the course of a four months' lec
ture tour of the United States under the
auspices of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium.
"The practical teaching of physiology
in this country is especially worthy of
high commendation. You have excellent
equipment, all the necessary study con
veniences, fine teachers, and interested
students. Such work as this is most ex
pensive, and Americans are fortunate in
having so much to do it with." This is
his comment on American educational
methods.
Commission Functions
Professor Fredericq, in explaining the
motives of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium, declared: "This body was or
ganized during the World W r ar, with
Herbert Hoover as chairman, to relieve
the food crisis. With the $33,000,000 left
on its hands when the Armistice was
signed, it invested the money in a number
of educational foundations. The most
important of these has headquarters in
both Brussels and New York. Seven mil
lion dollars was given this institution.
"Every year one Belgian professor is
sent to this country to lecture, and an
American is sent to Belgium. Professor
Gay, of Columbia University, is now
abroad. The purpose of the Commission
now is to promote good-will and under
standing between the United States and
Belgium.
"Twenty-five or thirty graduate Bel
gian students are annually given fellow
ships in American colleges, ancl five or
six Americans are sent to Belgium for
advanced study. Last year Dr. Baum
berger, professor of physiology at Stan
ford, was one of the Americans sent
abroad."
Hospitality Famous
In reviewing his impressions of our
universities, Professor Fredericq said,
"American colleges are famous through
out Europe for their hospitality to visi
tors, but I have found them even better
than their reputation."
"One of the most surprising charac
teristics of American college students,
which is contrary to European practice,
is the fact that they all seem to have
motor-cars," commented the Belgian pro
fessor.
"Limitation and careful selection of
students is one of the best features of
American colleges, and it deserves en
couragement," declared Professor Henri
Frcdericq, of the University of Liege,
Belgium, during a short visit to the cam
pus, in the course of a four months' lec
ture tour of the United States under the
auspices of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium.
"The practical teaching of physiology
in this country is especially worthy of
high commendation. You have excellent
equipment, all the necessary study con
veniences, fine teachers, and interested
students. Such work as this is most ex
pensive, and Americans are fortunate in
having so much to do it with." This is
his comment on American educational
methods.
Commission Functions
Professor Fredericq, in explaining the
motives of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium, declared: "This body was or
ganized during the World W r ar, with
Herbert Hoover as chairman, to relieve
the food crisis. With the $33,000,000 left
on its hands when the Armistice was
signed, it invested the money in a number
of educational foundations. The most
important of these has headquarters in
both Brussels and New York. Seven mil
lion dollars was given this institution.
"Every year one Belgian professor is
sent to this country to lecture, and an
American is sent to Belgium. Professor
Gay, of Columbia University, is now
abroad. The purpose of the Commission
now is to promote good-will and under
standing between the United States and
Belgium.
"Twenty-five or thirty graduate Bel
gian students are annually given fellow
ships in American colleges, ancl five or
six Americans are sent to Belgium for
advanced study. Last year Dr. Baum
berger, professor of physiology at Stan
ford, was one of the Americans sent
abroad."
Hospitality Famous
In reviewing his impressions of our
universities, Professor Fredericq said,
"American colleges are famous through
out Europe for their hospitality to visi
tors, but I have found them even better
than their reputation."
"One of the most surprising charac
teristics of American college students,
which is contrary to European practice,
is the fact that they all seem to have
motor-cars," commented the Belgian pro
fessor.
"Limitation and careful selection of
students is one of the best features of
American colleges, and it deserves en
couragement," declared Professor Henri
Frcdericq, of the University of Liege,
Belgium, during a short visit to the cam
pus, in the course of a four months' lec
ture tour of the United States under the
auspices of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium.
"The practical teaching of physiology
in this country is especially worthy of
high commendation. You have excellent
equipment, all the necessary study con
veniences, fine teachers, and interested
students. Such work as this is most ex
pensive, and Americans are fortunate in
having so much to do it with." This is
his comment on American educational
methods.
Commission Functions
Professor Fredericq, in explaining the
motives of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium, declared: "This body was or
ganized during the World W r ar, with
Herbert Hoover as chairman, to relieve
the food crisis. With the $33,000,000 left
on its hands when the Armistice was
signed, it invested the money in a number
of educational foundations. The most
important of these has headquarters in
both Brussels and New York. Seven mil
lion dollars was given this institution.
"Every year one Belgian professor is
sent to this country to lecture, and an
American is sent to Belgium. Professor
Gay, of Columbia University, is now
abroad. The purpose of the Commission
now is to promote good-will and under
standing between the United States and
Belgium.
"Twenty-five or thirty graduate Bel
gian students are annually given fellow
ships in American colleges, ancl five or
six Americans are sent to Belgium for
advanced study. Last year Dr. Baum
berger, professor of physiology at Stan
ford, was one of the Americans sent
abroad."
Hospitality Famous
In reviewing his impressions of our
universities, Professor Fredericq said,
"American colleges are famous through
out Europe for their hospitality to visi
tors, but I have found them even better
than their reputation."
"One of the most surprising charac
teristics of American college students,
which is contrary to European practice,
is the fact that they all seem to have
motor-cars," commented the Belgian pro
fessor.
"Limitation and careful selection of
students is one of the best features of
American colleges, and it deserves en
couragement," declared Professor Henri
Frcdericq, of the University of Liege,
Belgium, during a short visit to the cam
pus, in the course of a four months' lec
ture tour of the United States under the
auspices of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium.
"The practical teaching of physiology
in this country is especially worthy of
high commendation. You have excellent
equipment, all the necessary study con
veniences, fine teachers, and interested
students. Such work as this is most ex
pensive, and Americans are fortunate in
having so much to do it with." This is
his comment on American educational
methods.
Commission Functions
Professor Fredericq, in explaining the
motives of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium, declared: "This body was or
ganized during the World W r ar, with
Herbert Hoover as chairman, to relieve
the food crisis. With the $33,000,000 left
on its hands when the Armistice was
signed, it invested the money in a number
of educational foundations. The most
important of these has headquarters in
both Brussels and New York. Seven mil
lion dollars was given this institution.
"Every year one Belgian professor is
sent to this country to lecture, and an
American is sent to Belgium. Professor
Gay, of Columbia University, is now
abroad. The purpose of the Commission
now is to promote good-will and under
standing between the United States and
Belgium.
"Twenty-five or thirty graduate Bel
gian students are annually given fellow
ships in American colleges, ancl five or
six Americans are sent to Belgium for
advanced study. Last year Dr. Baum
berger, professor of physiology at Stan
ford, was one of the Americans sent
abroad."
Hospitality Famous
In reviewing his impressions of our
universities, Professor Fredericq said,
"American colleges are famous through
out Europe for their hospitality to visi
tors, but I have found them even better
than their reputation."
"One of the most surprising charac
teristics of American college students,
which is contrary to European practice,
is the fact that they all seem to have
motor-cars," commented the Belgian pro
fessor.
"Limitation and careful selection of
students is one of the best features of
American colleges, and it deserves en
couragement," declared Professor Henri
Frcdericq, of the University of Liege,
Belgium, during a short visit to the cam
pus, in the course of a four months' lec
ture tour of the United States under the
auspices of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium.
"The practical teaching of physiology
in this country is especially worthy of
high commendation. You have excellent
equipment, all the necessary study con
veniences, fine teachers, and interested
students. Such work as this is most ex
pensive, and Americans are fortunate in
having so much to do it with." This is
his comment on American educational
methods.
Commission Functions
Professor Fredericq, in explaining the
motives of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium, declared: "This body was or
ganized during the World W r ar, with
Herbert Hoover as chairman, to relieve
the food crisis. With the $33,000,000 left
on its hands when the Armistice was
signed, it invested the money in a number
of educational foundations. The most
important of these has headquarters in
both Brussels and New York. Seven mil
lion dollars was given this institution.
"Every year one Belgian professor is
sent to this country to lecture, and an
American is sent to Belgium. Professor
Gay, of Columbia University, is now
abroad. The purpose of the Commission
now is to promote good-will and under
standing between the United States and
Belgium.
"Twenty-five or thirty graduate Bel
gian students are annually given fellow
ships in American colleges, ancl five or
six Americans are sent to Belgium for
advanced study. Last year Dr. Baum
berger, professor of physiology at Stan
ford, was one of the Americans sent
abroad."
Hospitality Famous
In reviewing his impressions of our
universities, Professor Fredericq said,
"American colleges are famous through
out Europe for their hospitality to visi
tors, but I have found them even better
than their reputation."
"One of the most surprising charac
teristics of American college students,
which is contrary to European practice,
is the fact that they all seem to have
motor-cars," commented the Belgian pro
fessor.
"Limitation and careful selection of
students is one of the best features of
American colleges, and it deserves en
couragement," declared Professor Henri
Frcdericq, of the University of Liege,
Belgium, during a short visit to the cam
pus, in the course of a four months' lec
ture tour of the United States under the
auspices of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium.
"The practical teaching of physiology
in this country is especially worthy of
high commendation. You have excellent
equipment, all the necessary study con
veniences, fine teachers, and interested
students. Such work as this is most ex
pensive, and Americans are fortunate in
having so much to do it with." This is
his comment on American educational
methods.
Commission Functions
Professor Fredericq, in explaining the
motives of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium, declared: "This body was or
ganized during the World W r ar, with
Herbert Hoover as chairman, to relieve
the food crisis. With the $33,000,000 left
on its hands when the Armistice was
signed, it invested the money in a number
of educational foundations. The most
important of these has headquarters in
both Brussels and New York. Seven mil
lion dollars was given this institution.
"Every year one Belgian professor is
sent to this country to lecture, and an
American is sent to Belgium. Professor
Gay, of Columbia University, is now
abroad. The purpose of the Commission
now is to promote good-will and under
standing between the United States and
Belgium.
"Twenty-five or thirty graduate Bel
gian students are annually given fellow
ships in American colleges, ancl five or
six Americans are sent to Belgium for
advanced study. Last year Dr. Baum
berger, professor of physiology at Stan
ford, was one of the Americans sent
abroad."
Hospitality Famous
In reviewing his impressions of our
universities, Professor Fredericq said,
"American colleges are famous through
out Europe for their hospitality to visi
tors, but I have found them even better
than their reputation."
"One of the most surprising charac
teristics of American college students,
which is contrary to European practice,
is the fact that they all seem to have
motor-cars," commented the Belgian pro
fessor.
"Limitation and careful selection of
students is one of the best features of
American colleges, and it deserves en
couragement," declared Professor Henri
Frcdericq, of the University of Liege,
Belgium, during a short visit to the cam
pus, in the course of a four months' lec
ture tour of the United States under the
auspices of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium.
"The practical teaching of physiology
in this country is especially worthy of
high commendation. You have excellent
equipment, all the necessary study con
veniences, fine teachers, and interested
students. Such work as this is most ex
pensive, and Americans are fortunate in
having so much to do it with." This is
his comment on American educational
methods.
Commission Functions
Professor Fredericq, in explaining the
motives of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium, declared: "This body was or
ganized during the World W r ar, with
Herbert Hoover as chairman, to relieve
the food crisis. With the $33,000,000 left
on its hands when the Armistice was
signed, it invested the money in a number
of educational foundations. The most
important of these has headquarters in
both Brussels and New York. Seven mil
lion dollars was given this institution.
"Every year one Belgian professor is
sent to this country to lecture, and an
American is sent to Belgium. Professor
Gay, of Columbia University, is now
abroad. The purpose of the Commission
now is to promote good-will and under
standing between the United States and
Belgium.
"Twenty-five or thirty graduate Bel
gian students are annually given fellow
ships in American colleges, ancl five or
six Americans are sent to Belgium for
advanced study. Last year Dr. Baum
berger, professor of physiology at Stan
ford, was one of the Americans sent
abroad."
Hospitality Famous
In reviewing his impressions of our
universities, Professor Fredericq said,
"American colleges are famous through
out Europe for their hospitality to visi
tors, but I have found them even better
than their reputation."
"One of the most surprising charac
teristics of American college students,
which is contrary to European practice,
is the fact that they all seem to have
motor-cars," commented the Belgian pro
fessor.
"Limitation and careful selection of
students is one of the best features of
American colleges, and it deserves en
couragement," declared Professor Henri
Frcdericq, of the University of Liege,
Belgium, during a short visit to the cam
pus, in the course of a four months' lec
ture tour of the United States under the
auspices of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium.
"The practical teaching of physiology
in this country is especially worthy of
high commendation. You have excellent
equipment, all the necessary study con
veniences, fine teachers, and interested
students. Such work as this is most ex
pensive, and Americans are fortunate in
having so much to do it with." This is
his comment on American educational
methods.
Commission Functions
Professor Fredericq, in explaining the
motives of the Commission for Relief in
Belgium, declared: "This body was or
ganized during the World W r ar, with
Herbert Hoover as chairman, to relieve
the food crisis. With the $33,000,000 left
on its hands when the Armistice was
signed, it invested the money in a number
of educational foundations. The most
important of these has headquarters in
both Brussels and New York. Seven mil
lion dollars was given this institution.
"Every year one Belgian professor is
sent to this country to lecture, and an
American is sent to Belgium. Professor
Gay, of Columbia University, is now
abroad. The purpose of the Commission
now is to promote good-will and under
standing between the United States and
Belgium.
"Twenty-five or thirty graduate Bel
gian students are annually given fellow
ships in American colleges, ancl five or
six Americans are sent to Belgium for
advanced study. Last year Dr. Baum
berger, professor of physiology at Stan
ford, was one of the Americans sent
abroad."
Hospitality Famous
In reviewing his impressions of our
universities, Professor Fredericq said,
"American colleges are famous through
out Europe for their hospitality to visi
tors, but I have found them even better
than their reputation."
"One of the most surprising charac
teristics of American college students,
which is contrary to European practice,
is the fact that they all seem to have
motor-cars," commented the Belgian pro
fessor.
