# U. of C. at Los Angeles Ends Spring Registration
## 
### 
Registration at the University of
California at Los Angeles for spring
quarter closed last week with a total
enrollment of 5198 students. A total
of 401 new students entered the uni
versity, coming from all sections of
the state. The majority, however, have
their homes in Southern California.
Registration at the University of
California at Los Angeles for spring
quarter closed last week with a total
enrollment of 5198 students. A total
of 401 new students entered the uni
versity, coming from all sections of
the state. The majority, however, have
their homes in Southern California.
Registration at the University of
California at Los Angeles for spring
quarter closed last week with a total
enrollment of 5198 students. A total
of 401 new students entered the uni
versity, coming from all sections of
the state. The majority, however, have
their homes in Southern California.
Registration at the University of
California at Los Angeles for spring
quarter closed last week with a total
enrollment of 5198 students. A total
of 401 new students entered the uni
versity, coming from all sections of
the state. The majority, however, have
their homes in Southern California.
Registration at the University of
California at Los Angeles for spring
quarter closed last week with a total
enrollment of 5198 students. A total
of 401 new students entered the uni
versity, coming from all sections of
the state. The majority, however, have
their homes in Southern California.
Registration at the University of
California at Los Angeles for spring
quarter closed last week with a total
enrollment of 5198 students. A total
of 401 new students entered the uni
versity, coming from all sections of
the state. The majority, however, have
their homes in Southern California.
Registration at the University of
California at Los Angeles for spring
quarter closed last week with a total
enrollment of 5198 students. A total
of 401 new students entered the uni
versity, coming from all sections of
the state. The majority, however, have
their homes in Southern California.
Registration at the University of
California at Los Angeles for spring
quarter closed last week with a total
enrollment of 5198 students. A total
of 401 new students entered the uni
versity, coming from all sections of
the state. The majority, however, have
their homes in Southern California.
Registration at the University of
California at Los Angeles for spring
quarter closed last week with a total
enrollment of 5198 students. A total
of 401 new students entered the uni
versity, coming from all sections of
the state. The majority, however, have
their homes in Southern California.
Registration at the University of
California at Los Angeles for spring
quarter closed last week with a total
enrollment of 5198 students. A total
of 401 new students entered the uni
versity, coming from all sections of
the state. The majority, however, have
their homes in Southern California.
Registration at the University of
California at Los Angeles for spring
quarter closed last week with a total
enrollment of 5198 students. A total
of 401 new students entered the uni
versity, coming from all sections of
the state. The majority, however, have
their homes in Southern California.
Registration at the University of
California at Los Angeles for spring
quarter closed last week with a total
enrollment of 5198 students. A total
of 401 new students entered the uni
versity, coming from all sections of
the state. The majority, however, have
their homes in Southern California.
Registration at the University of
California at Los Angeles for spring
quarter closed last week with a total
enrollment of 5198 students. A total
of 401 new students entered the uni
versity, coming from all sections of
the state. The majority, however, have
their homes in Southern California.
Registration at the University of
California at Los Angeles for spring
quarter closed last week with a total
enrollment of 5198 students. A total
of 401 new students entered the uni
versity, coming from all sections of
the state. The majority, however, have
their homes in Southern California.
Registration at the University of
California at Los Angeles for spring
quarter closed last week with a total
enrollment of 5198 students. A total
of 401 new students entered the uni
versity, coming from all sections of
the state. The majority, however, have
their homes in Southern California.
