# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The University of Washington has
announced a course in the Japanese
language.
The University of Washington has
announced a course in the Japanese
language.
The University of Washington has
announced a course in the Japanese
language.
The University of Washington has
announced a course in the Japanese
language.
The University of Washington has
announced a course in the Japanese
language.
The University of Washington has
announced a course in the Japanese
language.
The University of Washington has
announced a course in the Japanese
language.
The University of Washington has
announced a course in the Japanese
language.
The University of Washington has
announced a course in the Japanese
language.
The University of Washington has
announced a course in the Japanese
language.
The University of Washington has
announced a course in the Japanese
language.
The University of Washington has
announced a course in the Japanese
language.
The University of Washington has
announced a course in the Japanese
language.
The University of Washington has
announced a course in the Japanese
language.
The University of Washington has
announced a course in the Japanese
language.
