# Gordon Davis to Return From Trip East Friday
## 
### 
Gordon Davis will return to the campus
Friday morning from his trip East where
he has secured a number of the latest
plays for campus production. He will as
sume direction of rehearsals for the sen
ior farce, "Polly With a Past," on Friday
night.
Davis attended the convention of the
Drama League of America at Cincinnati,
where he delivered two addresses before
the meeting. An exhibit of Stanford dra
matics was displayed at' the convention.
Gordon Davis will return to the campus
Friday morning from his trip East where
he has secured a number of the latest
plays for campus production. He will as
sume direction of rehearsals for the sen
ior farce, "Polly With a Past," on Friday
night.
Davis attended the convention of the
Drama League of America at Cincinnati,
where he delivered two addresses before
the meeting. An exhibit of Stanford dra
matics was displayed at' the convention.
Gordon Davis will return to the campus
Friday morning from his trip East where
he has secured a number of the latest
plays for campus production. He will as
sume direction of rehearsals for the sen
ior farce, "Polly With a Past," on Friday
night.
Davis attended the convention of the
Drama League of America at Cincinnati,
where he delivered two addresses before
the meeting. An exhibit of Stanford dra
matics was displayed at' the convention.
Gordon Davis will return to the campus
Friday morning from his trip East where
he has secured a number of the latest
plays for campus production. He will as
sume direction of rehearsals for the sen
ior farce, "Polly With a Past," on Friday
night.
Davis attended the convention of the
Drama League of America at Cincinnati,
where he delivered two addresses before
the meeting. An exhibit of Stanford dra
matics was displayed at' the convention.
Gordon Davis will return to the campus
Friday morning from his trip East where
he has secured a number of the latest
plays for campus production. He will as
sume direction of rehearsals for the sen
ior farce, "Polly With a Past," on Friday
night.
Davis attended the convention of the
Drama League of America at Cincinnati,
where he delivered two addresses before
the meeting. An exhibit of Stanford dra
matics was displayed at' the convention.
Gordon Davis will return to the campus
Friday morning from his trip East where
he has secured a number of the latest
plays for campus production. He will as
sume direction of rehearsals for the sen
ior farce, "Polly With a Past," on Friday
night.
Davis attended the convention of the
Drama League of America at Cincinnati,
where he delivered two addresses before
the meeting. An exhibit of Stanford dra
matics was displayed at' the convention.
Gordon Davis will return to the campus
Friday morning from his trip East where
he has secured a number of the latest
plays for campus production. He will as
sume direction of rehearsals for the sen
ior farce, "Polly With a Past," on Friday
night.
Davis attended the convention of the
Drama League of America at Cincinnati,
where he delivered two addresses before
the meeting. An exhibit of Stanford dra
matics was displayed at' the convention.
Gordon Davis will return to the campus
Friday morning from his trip East where
he has secured a number of the latest
plays for campus production. He will as
sume direction of rehearsals for the sen
ior farce, "Polly With a Past," on Friday
night.
Davis attended the convention of the
Drama League of America at Cincinnati,
where he delivered two addresses before
the meeting. An exhibit of Stanford dra
matics was displayed at' the convention.
Gordon Davis will return to the campus
Friday morning from his trip East where
he has secured a number of the latest
plays for campus production. He will as
sume direction of rehearsals for the sen
ior farce, "Polly With a Past," on Friday
night.
Davis attended the convention of the
Drama League of America at Cincinnati,
where he delivered two addresses before
the meeting. An exhibit of Stanford dra
matics was displayed at' the convention.
Gordon Davis will return to the campus
Friday morning from his trip East where
he has secured a number of the latest
plays for campus production. He will as
sume direction of rehearsals for the sen
ior farce, "Polly With a Past," on Friday
night.
Davis attended the convention of the
Drama League of America at Cincinnati,
where he delivered two addresses before
the meeting. An exhibit of Stanford dra
matics was displayed at' the convention.
Gordon Davis will return to the campus
Friday morning from his trip East where
he has secured a number of the latest
plays for campus production. He will as
sume direction of rehearsals for the sen
ior farce, "Polly With a Past," on Friday
night.
Davis attended the convention of the
Drama League of America at Cincinnati,
where he delivered two addresses before
the meeting. An exhibit of Stanford dra
matics was displayed at' the convention.
Gordon Davis will return to the campus
Friday morning from his trip East where
he has secured a number of the latest
plays for campus production. He will as
sume direction of rehearsals for the sen
ior farce, "Polly With a Past," on Friday
night.
Davis attended the convention of the
Drama League of America at Cincinnati,
where he delivered two addresses before
the meeting. An exhibit of Stanford dra
matics was displayed at' the convention.
Gordon Davis will return to the campus
Friday morning from his trip East where
he has secured a number of the latest
plays for campus production. He will as
sume direction of rehearsals for the sen
ior farce, "Polly With a Past," on Friday
night.
Davis attended the convention of the
Drama League of America at Cincinnati,
where he delivered two addresses before
the meeting. An exhibit of Stanford dra
matics was displayed at' the convention.
Gordon Davis will return to the campus
Friday morning from his trip East where
he has secured a number of the latest
plays for campus production. He will as
sume direction of rehearsals for the sen
ior farce, "Polly With a Past," on Friday
night.
Davis attended the convention of the
Drama League of America at Cincinnati,
where he delivered two addresses before
the meeting. An exhibit of Stanford dra
matics was displayed at' the convention.
Gordon Davis will return to the campus
Friday morning from his trip East where
he has secured a number of the latest
plays for campus production. He will as
sume direction of rehearsals for the sen
ior farce, "Polly With a Past," on Friday
night.
Davis attended the convention of the
Drama League of America at Cincinnati,
where he delivered two addresses before
the meeting. An exhibit of Stanford dra
matics was displayed at' the convention.
