# H. G. Schenck to Address Geology Journal Meeting
## 
### 
Hubert G. Schenck, instructor in Geol
ogy, will address the Geology Journal
club on the subject "Homotaxis Versus
Synchrony," at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
room 334,
"Morphologic Nomenclature of Orbital
Foraminifera" will be the subject of a
talk to be given by S. E. Aguerevere.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder is in charge
of the program.
Hubert G. Schenck, instructor in Geol
ogy, will address the Geology Journal
club on the subject "Homotaxis Versus
Synchrony," at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
room 334,
"Morphologic Nomenclature of Orbital
Foraminifera" will be the subject of a
talk to be given by S. E. Aguerevere.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder is in charge
of the program.
Hubert G. Schenck, instructor in Geol
ogy, will address the Geology Journal
club on the subject "Homotaxis Versus
Synchrony," at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
room 334,
"Morphologic Nomenclature of Orbital
Foraminifera" will be the subject of a
talk to be given by S. E. Aguerevere.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder is in charge
of the program.
Hubert G. Schenck, instructor in Geol
ogy, will address the Geology Journal
club on the subject "Homotaxis Versus
Synchrony," at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
room 334,
"Morphologic Nomenclature of Orbital
Foraminifera" will be the subject of a
talk to be given by S. E. Aguerevere.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder is in charge
of the program.
Hubert G. Schenck, instructor in Geol
ogy, will address the Geology Journal
club on the subject "Homotaxis Versus
Synchrony," at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
room 334,
"Morphologic Nomenclature of Orbital
Foraminifera" will be the subject of a
talk to be given by S. E. Aguerevere.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder is in charge
of the program.
Hubert G. Schenck, instructor in Geol
ogy, will address the Geology Journal
club on the subject "Homotaxis Versus
Synchrony," at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
room 334,
"Morphologic Nomenclature of Orbital
Foraminifera" will be the subject of a
talk to be given by S. E. Aguerevere.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder is in charge
of the program.
Hubert G. Schenck, instructor in Geol
ogy, will address the Geology Journal
club on the subject "Homotaxis Versus
Synchrony," at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
room 334,
"Morphologic Nomenclature of Orbital
Foraminifera" will be the subject of a
talk to be given by S. E. Aguerevere.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder is in charge
of the program.
Hubert G. Schenck, instructor in Geol
ogy, will address the Geology Journal
club on the subject "Homotaxis Versus
Synchrony," at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
room 334,
"Morphologic Nomenclature of Orbital
Foraminifera" will be the subject of a
talk to be given by S. E. Aguerevere.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder is in charge
of the program.
Hubert G. Schenck, instructor in Geol
ogy, will address the Geology Journal
club on the subject "Homotaxis Versus
Synchrony," at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
room 334,
"Morphologic Nomenclature of Orbital
Foraminifera" will be the subject of a
talk to be given by S. E. Aguerevere.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder is in charge
of the program.
Hubert G. Schenck, instructor in Geol
ogy, will address the Geology Journal
club on the subject "Homotaxis Versus
Synchrony," at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
room 334,
"Morphologic Nomenclature of Orbital
Foraminifera" will be the subject of a
talk to be given by S. E. Aguerevere.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder is in charge
of the program.
Hubert G. Schenck, instructor in Geol
ogy, will address the Geology Journal
club on the subject "Homotaxis Versus
Synchrony," at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
room 334,
"Morphologic Nomenclature of Orbital
Foraminifera" will be the subject of a
talk to be given by S. E. Aguerevere.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder is in charge
of the program.
Hubert G. Schenck, instructor in Geol
ogy, will address the Geology Journal
club on the subject "Homotaxis Versus
Synchrony," at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
room 334,
"Morphologic Nomenclature of Orbital
Foraminifera" will be the subject of a
talk to be given by S. E. Aguerevere.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder is in charge
of the program.
Hubert G. Schenck, instructor in Geol
ogy, will address the Geology Journal
club on the subject "Homotaxis Versus
Synchrony," at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
room 334,
"Morphologic Nomenclature of Orbital
Foraminifera" will be the subject of a
talk to be given by S. E. Aguerevere.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder is in charge
of the program.
Hubert G. Schenck, instructor in Geol
ogy, will address the Geology Journal
club on the subject "Homotaxis Versus
Synchrony," at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
room 334,
"Morphologic Nomenclature of Orbital
Foraminifera" will be the subject of a
talk to be given by S. E. Aguerevere.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder is in charge
of the program.
Hubert G. Schenck, instructor in Geol
ogy, will address the Geology Journal
club on the subject "Homotaxis Versus
Synchrony," at 7:30 o'clock tonight in
room 334,
"Morphologic Nomenclature of Orbital
Foraminifera" will be the subject of a
talk to be given by S. E. Aguerevere.
Professor Eliot Blackwelder is in charge
of the program.
