# BERKELEY PLAYERS STAGE SHAW'S PLAY, "DEVIL'S DISCIPLE"
## 
### Herbert Klein 
Irving Pichel, whose acting of the
defiant rebel of tradition dominated
every scene of "The Devil's Disciple"
in the Assembly hall Friday night, suc
ceeded in directing his cast of Berke
ley players to a state of capable pre
sentation.
The play itself, typical of Shaw,
with all the ingredients necessary for
sentiment and melodrama, preserves
always the atitude of slightly cynical
skepticism. Just when everyone thinks
"Aha, here's where the usual 'blood
and thunder' starts," the plot gives a
twist and the hackneyed situation is
replaced by one of absorbingly inter
esting possibilities.
Too much cannot be said for the
simple but effective design of the set
tings, especially of the first act. The
stern puritanism of the Dudgeon home,
the repressive atmosphere that drove
Dick Dudgeon, played by Irving Pichel,
away from home and embittered him
against his parents, was made appar
ent by the set as much as the harsh
ness of Mrs. Dudgeon's nature as in
terpreted by Minetta Ellis' acting.
The part of Mrs. Anderson, the femi
nine lead, was taken by Violette Wil
son, who is Mrs. Pichel off-stage. Her
part was not easy, as she was required
to be on the verge of hysterics much
of the time. She was admost complete
ly successful in avoiding overacting.
Her transition from hatred of the rois
tering and devil-may-care Dick was al
most too sudden, to be comprehensible
but it was just this way that the play
wright intended it to be.
"The Devil's Disciple" is a play full
of just such sudden, and unexpected
reversals of character. Anthony An
derson, played by Frederick Blanch
ard, is to all appearances a man of
highest principle and character, yet
when he finds that his life has been
saved by the self-sacrifice of Dick, who
is about to take his place next day on
the gallows, he dashes off post-haste
and the entire audience shares the de
lusion of his wife who thinks he has
abandoned duty and gone to save his
own neck.
The good old melodramas drove the
audience into transports of delicious
fear by having the heroine just about
to be fed into the buzz saw. Shaw en
titles his play "a melodrama" and he
has the hero with the rope about his
neck, a last speech upon his lips, and
the fateful moment for the execution
at hand. Of course no one quite ex
pects a hung hero but there was a
decided sigh of relief as Anthony An
derson bursts in and stops the pro
ceedings, just in the nick of time.
The play, by the way, is set in the
era of the American revolution and all
the characters, with the exception of
some objectionable British officers
bent upon hanging someone, are
Americans of various degrees of revo
lutionary fervor.
We regret to admit that even Shaw
could not resist putting in that good
old line, to-wit, "America is in a
hurry." However, there was enough
really clever and original dialogue to
compensate for this.
Irving Pichel, whose acting of the
defiant rebel of tradition dominated
every scene of "The Devil's Disciple"
in the Assembly hall Friday night, suc
ceeded in directing his cast of Berke
ley players to a state of capable pre
sentation.
The play itself, typical of Shaw,
with all the ingredients necessary for
sentiment and melodrama, preserves
always the atitude of slightly cynical
skepticism. Just when everyone thinks
"Aha, here's where the usual 'blood
and thunder' starts," the plot gives a
twist and the hackneyed situation is
replaced by one of absorbingly inter
esting possibilities.
Too much cannot be said for the
simple but effective design of the set
tings, especially of the first act. The
stern puritanism of the Dudgeon home,
the repressive atmosphere that drove
Dick Dudgeon, played by Irving Pichel,
away from home and embittered him
against his parents, was made appar
ent by the set as much as the harsh
ness of Mrs. Dudgeon's nature as in
terpreted by Minetta Ellis' acting.
The part of Mrs. Anderson, the femi
nine lead, was taken by Violette Wil
son, who is Mrs. Pichel off-stage. Her
part was not easy, as she was required
to be on the verge of hysterics much
of the time. She was admost complete
ly successful in avoiding overacting.
Her transition from hatred of the rois
tering and devil-may-care Dick was al
most too sudden, to be comprehensible
but it was just this way that the play
wright intended it to be.
"The Devil's Disciple" is a play full
of just such sudden, and unexpected
reversals of character. Anthony An
derson, played by Frederick Blanch
ard, is to all appearances a man of
highest principle and character, yet
when he finds that his life has been
saved by the self-sacrifice of Dick, who
is about to take his place next day on
the gallows, he dashes off post-haste
and the entire audience shares the de
lusion of his wife who thinks he has
abandoned duty and gone to save his
own neck.
The good old melodramas drove the
audience into transports of delicious
fear by having the heroine just about
to be fed into the buzz saw. Shaw en
titles his play "a melodrama" and he
has the hero with the rope about his
neck, a last speech upon his lips, and
the fateful moment for the execution
at hand. Of course no one quite ex
pects a hung hero but there was a
decided sigh of relief as Anthony An
derson bursts in and stops the pro
ceedings, just in the nick of time.
The play, by the way, is set in the
era of the American revolution and all
the characters, with the exception of
some objectionable British officers
bent upon hanging someone, are
Americans of various degrees of revo
lutionary fervor.
We regret to admit that even Shaw
could not resist putting in that good
old line, to-wit, "America is in a
hurry." However, there was enough
really clever and original dialogue to
compensate for this.
Irving Pichel, whose acting of the
defiant rebel of tradition dominated
every scene of "The Devil's Disciple"
in the Assembly hall Friday night, suc
ceeded in directing his cast of Berke
ley players to a state of capable pre
sentation.
The play itself, typical of Shaw,
with all the ingredients necessary for
sentiment and melodrama, preserves
always the atitude of slightly cynical
skepticism. Just when everyone thinks
"Aha, here's where the usual 'blood
and thunder' starts," the plot gives a
twist and the hackneyed situation is
replaced by one of absorbingly inter
esting possibilities.
Too much cannot be said for the
simple but effective design of the set
tings, especially of the first act. The
stern puritanism of the Dudgeon home,
the repressive atmosphere that drove
Dick Dudgeon, played by Irving Pichel,
away from home and embittered him
against his parents, was made appar
ent by the set as much as the harsh
ness of Mrs. Dudgeon's nature as in
terpreted by Minetta Ellis' acting.
The part of Mrs. Anderson, the femi
nine lead, was taken by Violette Wil
son, who is Mrs. Pichel off-stage. Her
part was not easy, as she was required
to be on the verge of hysterics much
of the time. She was admost complete
ly successful in avoiding overacting.
Her transition from hatred of the rois
tering and devil-may-care Dick was al
most too sudden, to be comprehensible
but it was just this way that the play
wright intended it to be.
"The Devil's Disciple" is a play full
of just such sudden, and unexpected
reversals of character. Anthony An
derson, played by Frederick Blanch
ard, is to all appearances a man of
highest principle and character, yet
when he finds that his life has been
saved by the self-sacrifice of Dick, who
is about to take his place next day on
the gallows, he dashes off post-haste
and the entire audience shares the de
lusion of his wife who thinks he has
abandoned duty and gone to save his
own neck.
The good old melodramas drove the
audience into transports of delicious
fear by having the heroine just about
to be fed into the buzz saw. Shaw en
titles his play "a melodrama" and he
has the hero with the rope about his
neck, a last speech upon his lips, and
the fateful moment for the execution
at hand. Of course no one quite ex
pects a hung hero but there was a
decided sigh of relief as Anthony An
derson bursts in and stops the pro
ceedings, just in the nick of time.
The play, by the way, is set in the
era of the American revolution and all
the characters, with the exception of
some objectionable British officers
bent upon hanging someone, are
Americans of various degrees of revo
lutionary fervor.
We regret to admit that even Shaw
could not resist putting in that good
old line, to-wit, "America is in a
hurry." However, there was enough
really clever and original dialogue to
compensate for this.
Irving Pichel, whose acting of the
defiant rebel of tradition dominated
every scene of "The Devil's Disciple"
in the Assembly hall Friday night, suc
ceeded in directing his cast of Berke
ley players to a state of capable pre
sentation.
The play itself, typical of Shaw,
with all the ingredients necessary for
sentiment and melodrama, preserves
always the atitude of slightly cynical
skepticism. Just when everyone thinks
"Aha, here's where the usual 'blood
and thunder' starts," the plot gives a
twist and the hackneyed situation is
replaced by one of absorbingly inter
esting possibilities.
Too much cannot be said for the
simple but effective design of the set
tings, especially of the first act. The
stern puritanism of the Dudgeon home,
the repressive atmosphere that drove
Dick Dudgeon, played by Irving Pichel,
away from home and embittered him
against his parents, was made appar
ent by the set as much as the harsh
ness of Mrs. Dudgeon's nature as in
terpreted by Minetta Ellis' acting.
The part of Mrs. Anderson, the femi
nine lead, was taken by Violette Wil
son, who is Mrs. Pichel off-stage. Her
part was not easy, as she was required
to be on the verge of hysterics much
of the time. She was admost complete
ly successful in avoiding overacting.
Her transition from hatred of the rois
tering and devil-may-care Dick was al
most too sudden, to be comprehensible
but it was just this way that the play
wright intended it to be.
"The Devil's Disciple" is a play full
of just such sudden, and unexpected
reversals of character. Anthony An
derson, played by Frederick Blanch
ard, is to all appearances a man of
highest principle and character, yet
when he finds that his life has been
saved by the self-sacrifice of Dick, who
is about to take his place next day on
the gallows, he dashes off post-haste
and the entire audience shares the de
lusion of his wife who thinks he has
abandoned duty and gone to save his
own neck.
The good old melodramas drove the
audience into transports of delicious
fear by having the heroine just about
to be fed into the buzz saw. Shaw en
titles his play "a melodrama" and he
has the hero with the rope about his
neck, a last speech upon his lips, and
the fateful moment for the execution
at hand. Of course no one quite ex
pects a hung hero but there was a
decided sigh of relief as Anthony An
derson bursts in and stops the pro
ceedings, just in the nick of time.
The play, by the way, is set in the
era of the American revolution and all
the characters, with the exception of
some objectionable British officers
bent upon hanging someone, are
Americans of various degrees of revo
lutionary fervor.
We regret to admit that even Shaw
could not resist putting in that good
old line, to-wit, "America is in a
hurry." However, there was enough
really clever and original dialogue to
compensate for this.
Irving Pichel, whose acting of the
defiant rebel of tradition dominated
every scene of "The Devil's Disciple"
in the Assembly hall Friday night, suc
ceeded in directing his cast of Berke
ley players to a state of capable pre
sentation.
The play itself, typical of Shaw,
with all the ingredients necessary for
sentiment and melodrama, preserves
always the atitude of slightly cynical
skepticism. Just when everyone thinks
"Aha, here's where the usual 'blood
and thunder' starts," the plot gives a
twist and the hackneyed situation is
replaced by one of absorbingly inter
esting possibilities.
Too much cannot be said for the
simple but effective design of the set
tings, especially of the first act. The
stern puritanism of the Dudgeon home,
the repressive atmosphere that drove
Dick Dudgeon, played by Irving Pichel,
away from home and embittered him
against his parents, was made appar
ent by the set as much as the harsh
ness of Mrs. Dudgeon's nature as in
terpreted by Minetta Ellis' acting.
The part of Mrs. Anderson, the femi
nine lead, was taken by Violette Wil
son, who is Mrs. Pichel off-stage. Her
part was not easy, as she was required
to be on the verge of hysterics much
of the time. She was admost complete
ly successful in avoiding overacting.
Her transition from hatred of the rois
tering and devil-may-care Dick was al
most too sudden, to be comprehensible
but it was just this way that the play
wright intended it to be.
"The Devil's Disciple" is a play full
of just such sudden, and unexpected
reversals of character. Anthony An
derson, played by Frederick Blanch
ard, is to all appearances a man of
highest principle and character, yet
when he finds that his life has been
saved by the self-sacrifice of Dick, who
is about to take his place next day on
the gallows, he dashes off post-haste
and the entire audience shares the de
lusion of his wife who thinks he has
abandoned duty and gone to save his
own neck.
The good old melodramas drove the
audience into transports of delicious
fear by having the heroine just about
to be fed into the buzz saw. Shaw en
titles his play "a melodrama" and he
has the hero with the rope about his
neck, a last speech upon his lips, and
the fateful moment for the execution
at hand. Of course no one quite ex
pects a hung hero but there was a
decided sigh of relief as Anthony An
derson bursts in and stops the pro
ceedings, just in the nick of time.
The play, by the way, is set in the
era of the American revolution and all
the characters, with the exception of
some objectionable British officers
bent upon hanging someone, are
Americans of various degrees of revo
lutionary fervor.
We regret to admit that even Shaw
could not resist putting in that good
old line, to-wit, "America is in a
hurry." However, there was enough
really clever and original dialogue to
compensate for this.
Irving Pichel, whose acting of the
defiant rebel of tradition dominated
every scene of "The Devil's Disciple"
in the Assembly hall Friday night, suc
ceeded in directing his cast of Berke
ley players to a state of capable pre
sentation.
The play itself, typical of Shaw,
with all the ingredients necessary for
sentiment and melodrama, preserves
always the atitude of slightly cynical
skepticism. Just when everyone thinks
"Aha, here's where the usual 'blood
and thunder' starts," the plot gives a
twist and the hackneyed situation is
replaced by one of absorbingly inter
esting possibilities.
Too much cannot be said for the
simple but effective design of the set
tings, especially of the first act. The
stern puritanism of the Dudgeon home,
the repressive atmosphere that drove
Dick Dudgeon, played by Irving Pichel,
away from home and embittered him
against his parents, was made appar
ent by the set as much as the harsh
ness of Mrs. Dudgeon's nature as in
terpreted by Minetta Ellis' acting.
The part of Mrs. Anderson, the femi
nine lead, was taken by Violette Wil
son, who is Mrs. Pichel off-stage. Her
part was not easy, as she was required
to be on the verge of hysterics much
of the time. She was admost complete
ly successful in avoiding overacting.
Her transition from hatred of the rois
tering and devil-may-care Dick was al
most too sudden, to be comprehensible
but it was just this way that the play
wright intended it to be.
"The Devil's Disciple" is a play full
of just such sudden, and unexpected
reversals of character. Anthony An
derson, played by Frederick Blanch
ard, is to all appearances a man of
highest principle and character, yet
when he finds that his life has been
saved by the self-sacrifice of Dick, who
is about to take his place next day on
the gallows, he dashes off post-haste
and the entire audience shares the de
lusion of his wife who thinks he has
abandoned duty and gone to save his
own neck.
The good old melodramas drove the
audience into transports of delicious
fear by having the heroine just about
to be fed into the buzz saw. Shaw en
titles his play "a melodrama" and he
has the hero with the rope about his
neck, a last speech upon his lips, and
the fateful moment for the execution
at hand. Of course no one quite ex
pects a hung hero but there was a
decided sigh of relief as Anthony An
derson bursts in and stops the pro
ceedings, just in the nick of time.
The play, by the way, is set in the
era of the American revolution and all
the characters, with the exception of
some objectionable British officers
bent upon hanging someone, are
Americans of various degrees of revo
lutionary fervor.
We regret to admit that even Shaw
could not resist putting in that good
old line, to-wit, "America is in a
hurry." However, there was enough
really clever and original dialogue to
compensate for this.
Irving Pichel, whose acting of the
defiant rebel of tradition dominated
every scene of "The Devil's Disciple"
in the Assembly hall Friday night, suc
ceeded in directing his cast of Berke
ley players to a state of capable pre
sentation.
The play itself, typical of Shaw,
with all the ingredients necessary for
sentiment and melodrama, preserves
always the atitude of slightly cynical
skepticism. Just when everyone thinks
"Aha, here's where the usual 'blood
and thunder' starts," the plot gives a
twist and the hackneyed situation is
replaced by one of absorbingly inter
esting possibilities.
Too much cannot be said for the
simple but effective design of the set
tings, especially of the first act. The
stern puritanism of the Dudgeon home,
the repressive atmosphere that drove
Dick Dudgeon, played by Irving Pichel,
away from home and embittered him
against his parents, was made appar
ent by the set as much as the harsh
ness of Mrs. Dudgeon's nature as in
terpreted by Minetta Ellis' acting.
The part of Mrs. Anderson, the femi
nine lead, was taken by Violette Wil
son, who is Mrs. Pichel off-stage. Her
part was not easy, as she was required
to be on the verge of hysterics much
of the time. She was admost complete
ly successful in avoiding overacting.
Her transition from hatred of the rois
tering and devil-may-care Dick was al
most too sudden, to be comprehensible
but it was just this way that the play
wright intended it to be.
"The Devil's Disciple" is a play full
of just such sudden, and unexpected
reversals of character. Anthony An
derson, played by Frederick Blanch
ard, is to all appearances a man of
highest principle and character, yet
when he finds that his life has been
saved by the self-sacrifice of Dick, who
is about to take his place next day on
the gallows, he dashes off post-haste
and the entire audience shares the de
lusion of his wife who thinks he has
abandoned duty and gone to save his
own neck.
The good old melodramas drove the
audience into transports of delicious
fear by having the heroine just about
to be fed into the buzz saw. Shaw en
titles his play "a melodrama" and he
has the hero with the rope about his
neck, a last speech upon his lips, and
the fateful moment for the execution
at hand. Of course no one quite ex
pects a hung hero but there was a
decided sigh of relief as Anthony An
derson bursts in and stops the pro
ceedings, just in the nick of time.
The play, by the way, is set in the
era of the American revolution and all
the characters, with the exception of
some objectionable British officers
bent upon hanging someone, are
Americans of various degrees of revo
lutionary fervor.
We regret to admit that even Shaw
could not resist putting in that good
old line, to-wit, "America is in a
hurry." However, there was enough
really clever and original dialogue to
compensate for this.
Irving Pichel, whose acting of the
defiant rebel of tradition dominated
every scene of "The Devil's Disciple"
in the Assembly hall Friday night, suc
ceeded in directing his cast of Berke
ley players to a state of capable pre
sentation.
The play itself, typical of Shaw,
with all the ingredients necessary for
sentiment and melodrama, preserves
always the atitude of slightly cynical
skepticism. Just when everyone thinks
"Aha, here's where the usual 'blood
and thunder' starts," the plot gives a
twist and the hackneyed situation is
replaced by one of absorbingly inter
esting possibilities.
Too much cannot be said for the
simple but effective design of the set
tings, especially of the first act. The
stern puritanism of the Dudgeon home,
the repressive atmosphere that drove
Dick Dudgeon, played by Irving Pichel,
away from home and embittered him
against his parents, was made appar
ent by the set as much as the harsh
ness of Mrs. Dudgeon's nature as in
terpreted by Minetta Ellis' acting.
The part of Mrs. Anderson, the femi
nine lead, was taken by Violette Wil
son, who is Mrs. Pichel off-stage. Her
part was not easy, as she was required
to be on the verge of hysterics much
of the time. She was admost complete
ly successful in avoiding overacting.
Her transition from hatred of the rois
tering and devil-may-care Dick was al
most too sudden, to be comprehensible
but it was just this way that the play
wright intended it to be.
"The Devil's Disciple" is a play full
of just such sudden, and unexpected
reversals of character. Anthony An
derson, played by Frederick Blanch
ard, is to all appearances a man of
highest principle and character, yet
when he finds that his life has been
saved by the self-sacrifice of Dick, who
is about to take his place next day on
the gallows, he dashes off post-haste
and the entire audience shares the de
lusion of his wife who thinks he has
abandoned duty and gone to save his
own neck.
The good old melodramas drove the
audience into transports of delicious
fear by having the heroine just about
to be fed into the buzz saw. Shaw en
titles his play "a melodrama" and he
has the hero with the rope about his
neck, a last speech upon his lips, and
the fateful moment for the execution
at hand. Of course no one quite ex
pects a hung hero but there was a
decided sigh of relief as Anthony An
derson bursts in and stops the pro
ceedings, just in the nick of time.
The play, by the way, is set in the
era of the American revolution and all
the characters, with the exception of
some objectionable British officers
bent upon hanging someone, are
Americans of various degrees of revo
lutionary fervor.
We regret to admit that even Shaw
could not resist putting in that good
old line, to-wit, "America is in a
hurry." However, there was enough
really clever and original dialogue to
compensate for this.
Irving Pichel, whose acting of the
defiant rebel of tradition dominated
every scene of "The Devil's Disciple"
in the Assembly hall Friday night, suc
ceeded in directing his cast of Berke
ley players to a state of capable pre
sentation.
The play itself, typical of Shaw,
with all the ingredients necessary for
sentiment and melodrama, preserves
always the atitude of slightly cynical
skepticism. Just when everyone thinks
"Aha, here's where the usual 'blood
and thunder' starts," the plot gives a
twist and the hackneyed situation is
replaced by one of absorbingly inter
esting possibilities.
Too much cannot be said for the
simple but effective design of the set
tings, especially of the first act. The
stern puritanism of the Dudgeon home,
the repressive atmosphere that drove
Dick Dudgeon, played by Irving Pichel,
away from home and embittered him
against his parents, was made appar
ent by the set as much as the harsh
ness of Mrs. Dudgeon's nature as in
terpreted by Minetta Ellis' acting.
The part of Mrs. Anderson, the femi
nine lead, was taken by Violette Wil
son, who is Mrs. Pichel off-stage. Her
part was not easy, as she was required
to be on the verge of hysterics much
of the time. She was admost complete
ly successful in avoiding overacting.
Her transition from hatred of the rois
tering and devil-may-care Dick was al
most too sudden, to be comprehensible
but it was just this way that the play
wright intended it to be.
"The Devil's Disciple" is a play full
of just such sudden, and unexpected
reversals of character. Anthony An
derson, played by Frederick Blanch
ard, is to all appearances a man of
highest principle and character, yet
when he finds that his life has been
saved by the self-sacrifice of Dick, who
is about to take his place next day on
the gallows, he dashes off post-haste
and the entire audience shares the de
lusion of his wife who thinks he has
abandoned duty and gone to save his
own neck.
The good old melodramas drove the
audience into transports of delicious
fear by having the heroine just about
to be fed into the buzz saw. Shaw en
titles his play "a melodrama" and he
has the hero with the rope about his
neck, a last speech upon his lips, and
the fateful moment for the execution
at hand. Of course no one quite ex
pects a hung hero but there was a
decided sigh of relief as Anthony An
derson bursts in and stops the pro
ceedings, just in the nick of time.
The play, by the way, is set in the
era of the American revolution and all
the characters, with the exception of
some objectionable British officers
bent upon hanging someone, are
Americans of various degrees of revo
lutionary fervor.
We regret to admit that even Shaw
could not resist putting in that good
old line, to-wit, "America is in a
hurry." However, there was enough
really clever and original dialogue to
compensate for this.
Irving Pichel, whose acting of the
defiant rebel of tradition dominated
every scene of "The Devil's Disciple"
in the Assembly hall Friday night, suc
ceeded in directing his cast of Berke
ley players to a state of capable pre
sentation.
The play itself, typical of Shaw,
with all the ingredients necessary for
sentiment and melodrama, preserves
always the atitude of slightly cynical
skepticism. Just when everyone thinks
"Aha, here's where the usual 'blood
and thunder' starts," the plot gives a
twist and the hackneyed situation is
replaced by one of absorbingly inter
esting possibilities.
Too much cannot be said for the
simple but effective design of the set
tings, especially of the first act. The
stern puritanism of the Dudgeon home,
the repressive atmosphere that drove
Dick Dudgeon, played by Irving Pichel,
away from home and embittered him
against his parents, was made appar
ent by the set as much as the harsh
ness of Mrs. Dudgeon's nature as in
terpreted by Minetta Ellis' acting.
The part of Mrs. Anderson, the femi
nine lead, was taken by Violette Wil
son, who is Mrs. Pichel off-stage. Her
part was not easy, as she was required
to be on the verge of hysterics much
of the time. She was admost complete
ly successful in avoiding overacting.
Her transition from hatred of the rois
tering and devil-may-care Dick was al
most too sudden, to be comprehensible
but it was just this way that the play
wright intended it to be.
"The Devil's Disciple" is a play full
of just such sudden, and unexpected
reversals of character. Anthony An
derson, played by Frederick Blanch
ard, is to all appearances a man of
highest principle and character, yet
when he finds that his life has been
saved by the self-sacrifice of Dick, who
is about to take his place next day on
the gallows, he dashes off post-haste
and the entire audience shares the de
lusion of his wife who thinks he has
abandoned duty and gone to save his
own neck.
The good old melodramas drove the
audience into transports of delicious
fear by having the heroine just about
to be fed into the buzz saw. Shaw en
titles his play "a melodrama" and he
has the hero with the rope about his
neck, a last speech upon his lips, and
the fateful moment for the execution
at hand. Of course no one quite ex
pects a hung hero but there was a
decided sigh of relief as Anthony An
derson bursts in and stops the pro
ceedings, just in the nick of time.
The play, by the way, is set in the
era of the American revolution and all
the characters, with the exception of
some objectionable British officers
bent upon hanging someone, are
Americans of various degrees of revo
lutionary fervor.
We regret to admit that even Shaw
could not resist putting in that good
old line, to-wit, "America is in a
hurry." However, there was enough
really clever and original dialogue to
compensate for this.
Irving Pichel, whose acting of the
defiant rebel of tradition dominated
every scene of "The Devil's Disciple"
in the Assembly hall Friday night, suc
ceeded in directing his cast of Berke
ley players to a state of capable pre
sentation.
The play itself, typical of Shaw,
with all the ingredients necessary for
sentiment and melodrama, preserves
always the atitude of slightly cynical
skepticism. Just when everyone thinks
"Aha, here's where the usual 'blood
and thunder' starts," the plot gives a
twist and the hackneyed situation is
replaced by one of absorbingly inter
esting possibilities.
Too much cannot be said for the
simple but effective design of the set
tings, especially of the first act. The
stern puritanism of the Dudgeon home,
the repressive atmosphere that drove
Dick Dudgeon, played by Irving Pichel,
away from home and embittered him
against his parents, was made appar
ent by the set as much as the harsh
ness of Mrs. Dudgeon's nature as in
terpreted by Minetta Ellis' acting.
The part of Mrs. Anderson, the femi
nine lead, was taken by Violette Wil
son, who is Mrs. Pichel off-stage. Her
part was not easy, as she was required
to be on the verge of hysterics much
of the time. She was admost complete
ly successful in avoiding overacting.
Her transition from hatred of the rois
tering and devil-may-care Dick was al
most too sudden, to be comprehensible
but it was just this way that the play
wright intended it to be.
"The Devil's Disciple" is a play full
of just such sudden, and unexpected
reversals of character. Anthony An
derson, played by Frederick Blanch
ard, is to all appearances a man of
highest principle and character, yet
when he finds that his life has been
saved by the self-sacrifice of Dick, who
is about to take his place next day on
the gallows, he dashes off post-haste
and the entire audience shares the de
lusion of his wife who thinks he has
abandoned duty and gone to save his
own neck.
The good old melodramas drove the
audience into transports of delicious
fear by having the heroine just about
to be fed into the buzz saw. Shaw en
titles his play "a melodrama" and he
has the hero with the rope about his
neck, a last speech upon his lips, and
the fateful moment for the execution
at hand. Of course no one quite ex
pects a hung hero but there was a
decided sigh of relief as Anthony An
derson bursts in and stops the pro
ceedings, just in the nick of time.
The play, by the way, is set in the
era of the American revolution and all
the characters, with the exception of
some objectionable British officers
bent upon hanging someone, are
Americans of various degrees of revo
lutionary fervor.
We regret to admit that even Shaw
could not resist putting in that good
old line, to-wit, "America is in a
hurry." However, there was enough
really clever and original dialogue to
compensate for this.
Irving Pichel, whose acting of the
defiant rebel of tradition dominated
every scene of "The Devil's Disciple"
in the Assembly hall Friday night, suc
ceeded in directing his cast of Berke
ley players to a state of capable pre
sentation.
The play itself, typical of Shaw,
with all the ingredients necessary for
sentiment and melodrama, preserves
always the atitude of slightly cynical
skepticism. Just when everyone thinks
"Aha, here's where the usual 'blood
and thunder' starts," the plot gives a
twist and the hackneyed situation is
replaced by one of absorbingly inter
esting possibilities.
Too much cannot be said for the
simple but effective design of the set
tings, especially of the first act. The
stern puritanism of the Dudgeon home,
the repressive atmosphere that drove
Dick Dudgeon, played by Irving Pichel,
away from home and embittered him
against his parents, was made appar
ent by the set as much as the harsh
ness of Mrs. Dudgeon's nature as in
terpreted by Minetta Ellis' acting.
The part of Mrs. Anderson, the femi
nine lead, was taken by Violette Wil
son, who is Mrs. Pichel off-stage. Her
part was not easy, as she was required
to be on the verge of hysterics much
of the time. She was admost complete
ly successful in avoiding overacting.
Her transition from hatred of the rois
tering and devil-may-care Dick was al
most too sudden, to be comprehensible
but it was just this way that the play
wright intended it to be.
"The Devil's Disciple" is a play full
of just such sudden, and unexpected
reversals of character. Anthony An
derson, played by Frederick Blanch
ard, is to all appearances a man of
highest principle and character, yet
when he finds that his life has been
saved by the self-sacrifice of Dick, who
is about to take his place next day on
the gallows, he dashes off post-haste
and the entire audience shares the de
lusion of his wife who thinks he has
abandoned duty and gone to save his
own neck.
The good old melodramas drove the
audience into transports of delicious
fear by having the heroine just about
to be fed into the buzz saw. Shaw en
titles his play "a melodrama" and he
has the hero with the rope about his
neck, a last speech upon his lips, and
the fateful moment for the execution
at hand. Of course no one quite ex
pects a hung hero but there was a
decided sigh of relief as Anthony An
derson bursts in and stops the pro
ceedings, just in the nick of time.
The play, by the way, is set in the
era of the American revolution and all
the characters, with the exception of
some objectionable British officers
bent upon hanging someone, are
Americans of various degrees of revo
lutionary fervor.
We regret to admit that even Shaw
could not resist putting in that good
old line, to-wit, "America is in a
hurry." However, there was enough
really clever and original dialogue to
compensate for this.
Irving Pichel, whose acting of the
defiant rebel of tradition dominated
every scene of "The Devil's Disciple"
in the Assembly hall Friday night, suc
ceeded in directing his cast of Berke
ley players to a state of capable pre
sentation.
The play itself, typical of Shaw,
with all the ingredients necessary for
sentiment and melodrama, preserves
always the atitude of slightly cynical
skepticism. Just when everyone thinks
"Aha, here's where the usual 'blood
and thunder' starts," the plot gives a
twist and the hackneyed situation is
replaced by one of absorbingly inter
esting possibilities.
Too much cannot be said for the
simple but effective design of the set
tings, especially of the first act. The
stern puritanism of the Dudgeon home,
the repressive atmosphere that drove
Dick Dudgeon, played by Irving Pichel,
away from home and embittered him
against his parents, was made appar
ent by the set as much as the harsh
ness of Mrs. Dudgeon's nature as in
terpreted by Minetta Ellis' acting.
The part of Mrs. Anderson, the femi
nine lead, was taken by Violette Wil
son, who is Mrs. Pichel off-stage. Her
part was not easy, as she was required
to be on the verge of hysterics much
of the time. She was admost complete
ly successful in avoiding overacting.
Her transition from hatred of the rois
tering and devil-may-care Dick was al
most too sudden, to be comprehensible
but it was just this way that the play
wright intended it to be.
"The Devil's Disciple" is a play full
of just such sudden, and unexpected
reversals of character. Anthony An
derson, played by Frederick Blanch
ard, is to all appearances a man of
highest principle and character, yet
when he finds that his life has been
saved by the self-sacrifice of Dick, who
is about to take his place next day on
the gallows, he dashes off post-haste
and the entire audience shares the de
lusion of his wife who thinks he has
abandoned duty and gone to save his
own neck.
The good old melodramas drove the
audience into transports of delicious
fear by having the heroine just about
to be fed into the buzz saw. Shaw en
titles his play "a melodrama" and he
has the hero with the rope about his
neck, a last speech upon his lips, and
the fateful moment for the execution
at hand. Of course no one quite ex
pects a hung hero but there was a
decided sigh of relief as Anthony An
derson bursts in and stops the pro
ceedings, just in the nick of time.
The play, by the way, is set in the
era of the American revolution and all
the characters, with the exception of
some objectionable British officers
bent upon hanging someone, are
Americans of various degrees of revo
lutionary fervor.
We regret to admit that even Shaw
could not resist putting in that good
old line, to-wit, "America is in a
hurry." However, there was enough
really clever and original dialogue to
compensate for this.
Irving Pichel, whose acting of the
defiant rebel of tradition dominated
every scene of "The Devil's Disciple"
in the Assembly hall Friday night, suc
ceeded in directing his cast of Berke
ley players to a state of capable pre
sentation.
The play itself, typical of Shaw,
with all the ingredients necessary for
sentiment and melodrama, preserves
always the atitude of slightly cynical
skepticism. Just when everyone thinks
"Aha, here's where the usual 'blood
and thunder' starts," the plot gives a
twist and the hackneyed situation is
replaced by one of absorbingly inter
esting possibilities.
Too much cannot be said for the
simple but effective design of the set
tings, especially of the first act. The
stern puritanism of the Dudgeon home,
the repressive atmosphere that drove
Dick Dudgeon, played by Irving Pichel,
away from home and embittered him
against his parents, was made appar
ent by the set as much as the harsh
ness of Mrs. Dudgeon's nature as in
terpreted by Minetta Ellis' acting.
The part of Mrs. Anderson, the femi
nine lead, was taken by Violette Wil
son, who is Mrs. Pichel off-stage. Her
part was not easy, as she was required
to be on the verge of hysterics much
of the time. She was admost complete
ly successful in avoiding overacting.
Her transition from hatred of the rois
tering and devil-may-care Dick was al
most too sudden, to be comprehensible
but it was just this way that the play
wright intended it to be.
"The Devil's Disciple" is a play full
of just such sudden, and unexpected
reversals of character. Anthony An
derson, played by Frederick Blanch
ard, is to all appearances a man of
highest principle and character, yet
when he finds that his life has been
saved by the self-sacrifice of Dick, who
is about to take his place next day on
the gallows, he dashes off post-haste
and the entire audience shares the de
lusion of his wife who thinks he has
abandoned duty and gone to save his
own neck.
The good old melodramas drove the
audience into transports of delicious
fear by having the heroine just about
to be fed into the buzz saw. Shaw en
titles his play "a melodrama" and he
has the hero with the rope about his
neck, a last speech upon his lips, and
the fateful moment for the execution
at hand. Of course no one quite ex
pects a hung hero but there was a
decided sigh of relief as Anthony An
derson bursts in and stops the pro
ceedings, just in the nick of time.
The play, by the way, is set in the
era of the American revolution and all
the characters, with the exception of
some objectionable British officers
bent upon hanging someone, are
Americans of various degrees of revo
lutionary fervor.
We regret to admit that even Shaw
could not resist putting in that good
old line, to-wit, "America is in a
hurry." However, there was enough
really clever and original dialogue to
compensate for this.
Irving Pichel, whose acting of the
defiant rebel of tradition dominated
every scene of "The Devil's Disciple"
in the Assembly hall Friday night, suc
ceeded in directing his cast of Berke
ley players to a state of capable pre
sentation.
The play itself, typical of Shaw,
with all the ingredients necessary for
sentiment and melodrama, preserves
always the atitude of slightly cynical
skepticism. Just when everyone thinks
"Aha, here's where the usual 'blood
and thunder' starts," the plot gives a
twist and the hackneyed situation is
replaced by one of absorbingly inter
esting possibilities.
Too much cannot be said for the
simple but effective design of the set
tings, especially of the first act. The
stern puritanism of the Dudgeon home,
the repressive atmosphere that drove
Dick Dudgeon, played by Irving Pichel,
away from home and embittered him
against his parents, was made appar
ent by the set as much as the harsh
ness of Mrs. Dudgeon's nature as in
terpreted by Minetta Ellis' acting.
The part of Mrs. Anderson, the femi
nine lead, was taken by Violette Wil
son, who is Mrs. Pichel off-stage. Her
part was not easy, as she was required
to be on the verge of hysterics much
of the time. She was admost complete
ly successful in avoiding overacting.
Her transition from hatred of the rois
tering and devil-may-care Dick was al
most too sudden, to be comprehensible
but it was just this way that the play
wright intended it to be.
"The Devil's Disciple" is a play full
of just such sudden, and unexpected
reversals of character. Anthony An
derson, played by Frederick Blanch
ard, is to all appearances a man of
highest principle and character, yet
when he finds that his life has been
saved by the self-sacrifice of Dick, who
is about to take his place next day on
the gallows, he dashes off post-haste
and the entire audience shares the de
lusion of his wife who thinks he has
abandoned duty and gone to save his
own neck.
The good old melodramas drove the
audience into transports of delicious
fear by having the heroine just about
to be fed into the buzz saw. Shaw en
titles his play "a melodrama" and he
has the hero with the rope about his
neck, a last speech upon his lips, and
the fateful moment for the execution
at hand. Of course no one quite ex
pects a hung hero but there was a
decided sigh of relief as Anthony An
derson bursts in and stops the pro
ceedings, just in the nick of time.
The play, by the way, is set in the
era of the American revolution and all
the characters, with the exception of
some objectionable British officers
bent upon hanging someone, are
Americans of various degrees of revo
lutionary fervor.
We regret to admit that even Shaw
could not resist putting in that good
old line, to-wit, "America is in a
hurry." However, there was enough
really clever and original dialogue to
compensate for this.
