# On 'n Off Campus
## 
### 
Dr. H. D. Gray of the English de
partment leaves June 5 for Provo,
Utah, where he will give courses in
Shakespeare and modern novel during
the summer.
* « *
The engagement of Gwin Felton to
J. N. Olsen has recently heen an
nounced. Olsen is a graduate of the
Graphic Arts department. He was a
member of the Chaparral staff and
belonged to Hammer and Coffin So
ciety. During the war he served as an
ensign with the naval reserve forces.
He is now an electrical designer with
the Hawaiian Electrical Company.
* • *
Maurice Hicklin, who received his
masters degree at Stanford last year,
will leave June 20 to teach journalism
and English at the State Teachers Col
lege at Areata. California. Hicklin will
have charge of journalism and pub
licity. Before coming to Stanford he
was a member of the faculty of the
school of journalism at the University
of Washington.
* » •
Announcement of the engagement of
Virginia Graves, '25, to Colin Tim
mons, '25, was made Sunday morning
at the Kappa Alpha Theta house. Tim
mons is a member of Sigma Chi, and
Miss Graves belongs to Kappa Alpha
Theta.
* * *
Keneth Stewart, ex-'23, who has been
touring the country for the past year,
spending several months in El Paso,
New Orleans, Atlanta, New York City,
and visiting other points of interest,
is now in Boston as the guest of John
Mace, '24, who is attending Harvard
University.

The University of Michigan plans to
send a debate team to England next spring.
