# PULITZER AWARD WINNERS
## 
### 

Caroline Miller (left), novelist, and Sidney Kingsley (right), play
wright, are two of the Pulitzer prize winners of 1933-34. Mrs. Miller
won the award for her novel, "Lamb In His Bosom," and Kingsley was
awarded the prize for his play, "Men In White." (Associated Presi
Photos)

Caroline Miller (left), novelist, and Sidney Kingsley (right), play
wright, are two of the Pulitzer prize winners of 1933-34. Mrs. Miller
won the award for her novel, "Lamb In His Bosom," and Kingsley was
awarded the prize for his play, "Men In White." (Associated Presi
Photos)

Caroline Miller (left), novelist, and Sidney Kingsley (right), play
wright, are two of the Pulitzer prize winners of 1933-34. Mrs. Miller
won the award for her novel, "Lamb In His Bosom," and Kingsley was
awarded the prize for his play, "Men In White." (Associated Presi
Photos)

Caroline Miller (left), novelist, and Sidney Kingsley (right), play
wright, are two of the Pulitzer prize winners of 1933-34. Mrs. Miller
won the award for her novel, "Lamb In His Bosom," and Kingsley was
awarded the prize for his play, "Men In White." (Associated Presi
Photos)

Caroline Miller (left), novelist, and Sidney Kingsley (right), play
wright, are two of the Pulitzer prize winners of 1933-34. Mrs. Miller
won the award for her novel, "Lamb In His Bosom," and Kingsley was
awarded the prize for his play, "Men In White." (Associated Presi
Photos)

Caroline Miller (left), novelist, and Sidney Kingsley (right), play
wright, are two of the Pulitzer prize winners of 1933-34. Mrs. Miller
won the award for her novel, "Lamb In His Bosom," and Kingsley was
awarded the prize for his play, "Men In White." (Associated Presi
Photos)

Caroline Miller (left), novelist, and Sidney Kingsley (right), play
wright, are two of the Pulitzer prize winners of 1933-34. Mrs. Miller
won the award for her novel, "Lamb In His Bosom," and Kingsley was
awarded the prize for his play, "Men In White." (Associated Presi
Photos)

Caroline Miller (left), novelist, and Sidney Kingsley (right), play
wright, are two of the Pulitzer prize winners of 1933-34. Mrs. Miller
won the award for her novel, "Lamb In His Bosom," and Kingsley was
awarded the prize for his play, "Men In White." (Associated Presi
Photos)

Caroline Miller (left), novelist, and Sidney Kingsley (right), play
wright, are two of the Pulitzer prize winners of 1933-34. Mrs. Miller
won the award for her novel, "Lamb In His Bosom," and Kingsley was
awarded the prize for his play, "Men In White." (Associated Presi
Photos)

Caroline Miller (left), novelist, and Sidney Kingsley (right), play
wright, are two of the Pulitzer prize winners of 1933-34. Mrs. Miller
won the award for her novel, "Lamb In His Bosom," and Kingsley was
awarded the prize for his play, "Men In White." (Associated Presi
Photos)

Caroline Miller (left), novelist, and Sidney Kingsley (right), play
wright, are two of the Pulitzer prize winners of 1933-34. Mrs. Miller
won the award for her novel, "Lamb In His Bosom," and Kingsley was
awarded the prize for his play, "Men In White." (Associated Presi
Photos)

Caroline Miller (left), novelist, and Sidney Kingsley (right), play
wright, are two of the Pulitzer prize winners of 1933-34. Mrs. Miller
won the award for her novel, "Lamb In His Bosom," and Kingsley was
awarded the prize for his play, "Men In White." (Associated Presi
Photos)

Caroline Miller (left), novelist, and Sidney Kingsley (right), play
wright, are two of the Pulitzer prize winners of 1933-34. Mrs. Miller
won the award for her novel, "Lamb In His Bosom," and Kingsley was
awarded the prize for his play, "Men In White." (Associated Presi
Photos)

Caroline Miller (left), novelist, and Sidney Kingsley (right), play
wright, are two of the Pulitzer prize winners of 1933-34. Mrs. Miller
won the award for her novel, "Lamb In His Bosom," and Kingsley was
awarded the prize for his play, "Men In White." (Associated Presi
Photos)

Caroline Miller (left), novelist, and Sidney Kingsley (right), play
wright, are two of the Pulitzer prize winners of 1933-34. Mrs. Miller
won the award for her novel, "Lamb In His Bosom," and Kingsley was
awarded the prize for his play, "Men In White." (Associated Presi
Photos)
