# EX COMMITTEE ON THE RAILROAD
## 
### 
Immediately the committee began ;
discussing the elective system. I sat !
by watching the group stumble
around in the darkness hoping that
Trautman would at least have the
courtesy to read the minutes of Mon
day afternoon's Publications Council
session. The Publications Council
had adopted an appointive system.
Just to test the fairness of the stu
dent leaders, I waited almost until
they were ready to call for a vote
before challenging Trautman's rail
roading tactics by asking that the
Publications Council minutes, which
included a plan of appointments for
Ihe entire Daily editorial staff, be
read. He read it, fairly—because he
had to.
As so'on as he had finished, he
asked "Will somebody please move
that we reject the Publications
Council minutes?"
It was duly moved, seconded, and
unanimously passed.
Shortly after, the vote of 9 to 1
(Lyman dissenting) passed the first
(and worst) by-laws of the
Constitution.
Immediately the committee began ;
discussing the elective system. I sat !
by watching the group stumble
around in the darkness hoping that
Trautman would at least have the
courtesy to read the minutes of Mon
day afternoon's Publications Council
session. The Publications Council
had adopted an appointive system.
Just to test the fairness of the stu
dent leaders, I waited almost until
they were ready to call for a vote
before challenging Trautman's rail
roading tactics by asking that the
Publications Council minutes, which
included a plan of appointments for
Ihe entire Daily editorial staff, be
read. He read it, fairly—because he
had to.
As so'on as he had finished, he
asked "Will somebody please move
that we reject the Publications
Council minutes?"
It was duly moved, seconded, and
unanimously passed.
Shortly after, the vote of 9 to 1
(Lyman dissenting) passed the first
(and worst) by-laws of the
Constitution.
Immediately the committee began ;
discussing the elective system. I sat !
by watching the group stumble
around in the darkness hoping that
Trautman would at least have the
courtesy to read the minutes of Mon
day afternoon's Publications Council
session. The Publications Council
had adopted an appointive system.
Just to test the fairness of the stu
dent leaders, I waited almost until
they were ready to call for a vote
before challenging Trautman's rail
roading tactics by asking that the
Publications Council minutes, which
included a plan of appointments for
Ihe entire Daily editorial staff, be
read. He read it, fairly—because he
had to.
As so'on as he had finished, he
asked "Will somebody please move
that we reject the Publications
Council minutes?"
It was duly moved, seconded, and
unanimously passed.
Shortly after, the vote of 9 to 1
(Lyman dissenting) passed the first
(and worst) by-laws of the
Constitution.
Immediately the committee began ;
discussing the elective system. I sat !
by watching the group stumble
around in the darkness hoping that
Trautman would at least have the
courtesy to read the minutes of Mon
day afternoon's Publications Council
session. The Publications Council
had adopted an appointive system.
Just to test the fairness of the stu
dent leaders, I waited almost until
they were ready to call for a vote
before challenging Trautman's rail
roading tactics by asking that the
Publications Council minutes, which
included a plan of appointments for
Ihe entire Daily editorial staff, be
read. He read it, fairly—because he
had to.
As so'on as he had finished, he
asked "Will somebody please move
that we reject the Publications
Council minutes?"
It was duly moved, seconded, and
unanimously passed.
Shortly after, the vote of 9 to 1
(Lyman dissenting) passed the first
(and worst) by-laws of the
Constitution.
Immediately the committee began ;
discussing the elective system. I sat !
by watching the group stumble
around in the darkness hoping that
Trautman would at least have the
courtesy to read the minutes of Mon
day afternoon's Publications Council
session. The Publications Council
had adopted an appointive system.
Just to test the fairness of the stu
dent leaders, I waited almost until
they were ready to call for a vote
before challenging Trautman's rail
roading tactics by asking that the
Publications Council minutes, which
included a plan of appointments for
Ihe entire Daily editorial staff, be
read. He read it, fairly—because he
had to.
As so'on as he had finished, he
asked "Will somebody please move
that we reject the Publications
Council minutes?"
It was duly moved, seconded, and
unanimously passed.
Shortly after, the vote of 9 to 1
(Lyman dissenting) passed the first
(and worst) by-laws of the
Constitution.
Immediately the committee began ;
discussing the elective system. I sat !
by watching the group stumble
around in the darkness hoping that
Trautman would at least have the
courtesy to read the minutes of Mon
day afternoon's Publications Council
session. The Publications Council
had adopted an appointive system.
Just to test the fairness of the stu
dent leaders, I waited almost until
they were ready to call for a vote
before challenging Trautman's rail
roading tactics by asking that the
Publications Council minutes, which
included a plan of appointments for
Ihe entire Daily editorial staff, be
read. He read it, fairly—because he
had to.
As so'on as he had finished, he
asked "Will somebody please move
that we reject the Publications
Council minutes?"
It was duly moved, seconded, and
unanimously passed.
Shortly after, the vote of 9 to 1
(Lyman dissenting) passed the first
(and worst) by-laws of the
Constitution.
Immediately the committee began ;
discussing the elective system. I sat !
by watching the group stumble
around in the darkness hoping that
Trautman would at least have the
courtesy to read the minutes of Mon
day afternoon's Publications Council
session. The Publications Council
had adopted an appointive system.
Just to test the fairness of the stu
dent leaders, I waited almost until
they were ready to call for a vote
before challenging Trautman's rail
roading tactics by asking that the
Publications Council minutes, which
included a plan of appointments for
Ihe entire Daily editorial staff, be
read. He read it, fairly—because he
had to.
As so'on as he had finished, he
asked "Will somebody please move
that we reject the Publications
Council minutes?"
It was duly moved, seconded, and
unanimously passed.
Shortly after, the vote of 9 to 1
(Lyman dissenting) passed the first
(and worst) by-laws of the
Constitution.
Immediately the committee began ;
discussing the elective system. I sat !
by watching the group stumble
around in the darkness hoping that
Trautman would at least have the
courtesy to read the minutes of Mon
day afternoon's Publications Council
session. The Publications Council
had adopted an appointive system.
Just to test the fairness of the stu
dent leaders, I waited almost until
they were ready to call for a vote
before challenging Trautman's rail
roading tactics by asking that the
Publications Council minutes, which
included a plan of appointments for
Ihe entire Daily editorial staff, be
read. He read it, fairly—because he
had to.
As so'on as he had finished, he
asked "Will somebody please move
that we reject the Publications
Council minutes?"
It was duly moved, seconded, and
unanimously passed.
Shortly after, the vote of 9 to 1
(Lyman dissenting) passed the first
(and worst) by-laws of the
Constitution.
Immediately the committee began ;
discussing the elective system. I sat !
by watching the group stumble
around in the darkness hoping that
Trautman would at least have the
courtesy to read the minutes of Mon
day afternoon's Publications Council
session. The Publications Council
had adopted an appointive system.
Just to test the fairness of the stu
dent leaders, I waited almost until
they were ready to call for a vote
before challenging Trautman's rail
roading tactics by asking that the
Publications Council minutes, which
included a plan of appointments for
Ihe entire Daily editorial staff, be
read. He read it, fairly—because he
had to.
As so'on as he had finished, he
asked "Will somebody please move
that we reject the Publications
Council minutes?"
It was duly moved, seconded, and
unanimously passed.
Shortly after, the vote of 9 to 1
(Lyman dissenting) passed the first
(and worst) by-laws of the
Constitution.
Immediately the committee began ;
discussing the elective system. I sat !
Immediately the committee began ;
discussing the elective system. I sat !
by watching the group stumble
around in the darkness hoping that
Trautman would at least have the
courtesy to read the minutes of Mon
day afternoon's Publications Council
session. The Publications Council
had adopted an appointive system.
Just to test the fairness of the stu
dent leaders, I waited almost until
they were ready to call for a vote
before challenging Trautman's rail
roading tactics by asking that the
Publications Council minutes, which
included a plan of appointments for
Ihe entire Daily editorial staff, be
read. He read it, fairly—because he
had to.
As so'on as he had finished, he
asked "Will somebody please move
that we reject the Publications
Council minutes?"
It was duly moved, seconded, and
unanimously passed.
Shortly after, the vote of 9 to 1
(Lyman dissenting) passed the first
(and worst) by-laws of the
Constitution.
Immediately the committee began ;
discussing the elective system. I sat !
by watching the group stumble
around in the darkness hoping that
Trautman would at least have the
courtesy to read the minutes of Mon
day afternoon's Publications Council
session. The Publications Council
had adopted an appointive system.
Just to test the fairness of the stu
dent leaders, I waited almost until
they were ready to call for a vote
before challenging Trautman's rail
roading tactics by asking that the
Publications Council minutes, which
included a plan of appointments for
Ihe entire Daily editorial staff, be
read. He read it, fairly—because he
had to.
As so'on as he had finished, he
asked "Will somebody please move
that we reject the Publications
Council minutes?"
It was duly moved, seconded, and
unanimously passed.
Shortly after, the vote of 9 to 1
(Lyman dissenting) passed the first
(and worst) by-laws of the
Constitution.
Immediately the committee began ;
discussing the elective system. I sat !
by watching the group stumble
around in the darkness hoping that
Trautman would at least have the
courtesy to read the minutes of Mon
day afternoon's Publications Council
session. The Publications Council
had adopted an appointive system.
Just to test the fairness of the stu
dent leaders, I waited almost until
they were ready to call for a vote
before challenging Trautman's rail
roading tactics by asking that the
Publications Council minutes, which
included a plan of appointments for
Ihe entire Daily editorial staff, be
read. He read it, fairly—because he
had to.
As so'on as he had finished, he
asked "Will somebody please move
that we reject the Publications
Council minutes?"
It was duly moved, seconded, and
unanimously passed.
Shortly after, the vote of 9 to 1
(Lyman dissenting) passed the first
(and worst) by-laws of the
Constitution.
Immediately the committee began ;
discussing the elective system. I sat !
by watching the group stumble
around in the darkness hoping that
Trautman would at least have the
courtesy to read the minutes of Mon
day afternoon's Publications Council
session. The Publications Council
had adopted an appointive system.
Just to test the fairness of the stu
dent leaders, I waited almost until
they were ready to call for a vote
before challenging Trautman's rail
roading tactics by asking that the
Publications Council minutes, which
included a plan of appointments for
Ihe entire Daily editorial staff, be
read. He read it, fairly—because he
had to.
As so'on as he had finished, he
asked "Will somebody please move
that we reject the Publications
Council minutes?"
It was duly moved, seconded, and
unanimously passed.
Shortly after, the vote of 9 to 1
(Lyman dissenting) passed the first
(and worst) by-laws of the
Constitution.
Immediately the committee began ;
discussing the elective system. I sat !
by watching the group stumble
around in the darkness hoping that
Trautman would at least have the
courtesy to read the minutes of Mon
day afternoon's Publications Council
session. The Publications Council
had adopted an appointive system.
Just to test the fairness of the stu
dent leaders, I waited almost until
they were ready to call for a vote
before challenging Trautman's rail
roading tactics by asking that the
Publications Council minutes, which
included a plan of appointments for
Ihe entire Daily editorial staff, be
read. He read it, fairly—because he
had to.
As so'on as he had finished, he
asked "Will somebody please move
that we reject the Publications
Council minutes?"
It was duly moved, seconded, and
unanimously passed.
Shortly after, the vote of 9 to 1
(Lyman dissenting) passed the first
(and worst) by-laws of the
Constitution.
