# No Warning Cards This Week.
## 
### 
Warning cards will not lie out tliis
week. The scholarship comitnttee has
not met as yet and the slips can not
be expected until Monday at the
earliest. The delay is caused hy the
failure of certain members of the
faculty to turn in their reports on
time. All records were supposed to
be in by last Friday but up to date
several courses have not been heard
from. The committee will probably
meet before the end of the present
week.
Warning cards will not lie out tliis
week. The scholarship comitnttee has
not met as yet and the slips can not
be expected until Monday at the
earliest. The delay is caused hy the
failure of certain members of the
faculty to turn in their reports on
time. All records were supposed to
be in by last Friday but up to date
several courses have not been heard
from. The committee will probably
meet before the end of the present
week.
Warning cards will not lie out tliis
week. The scholarship comitnttee has
not met as yet and the slips can not
be expected until Monday at the
earliest. The delay is caused hy the
failure of certain members of the
faculty to turn in their reports on
time. All records were supposed to
be in by last Friday but up to date
several courses have not been heard
from. The committee will probably
meet before the end of the present
week.
Warning cards will not lie out tliis
week. The scholarship comitnttee has
not met as yet and the slips can not
be expected until Monday at the
earliest. The delay is caused hy the
failure of certain members of the
faculty to turn in their reports on
time. All records were supposed to
be in by last Friday but up to date
several courses have not been heard
from. The committee will probably
meet before the end of the present
week.
Warning cards will not lie out tliis
week. The scholarship comitnttee has
not met as yet and the slips can not
be expected until Monday at the
earliest. The delay is caused hy the
failure of certain members of the
faculty to turn in their reports on
time. All records were supposed to
be in by last Friday but up to date
several courses have not been heard
from. The committee will probably
meet before the end of the present
week.
Warning cards will not lie out tliis
week. The scholarship comitnttee has
not met as yet and the slips can not
be expected until Monday at the
earliest. The delay is caused hy the
failure of certain members of the
faculty to turn in their reports on
time. All records were supposed to
be in by last Friday but up to date
several courses have not been heard
from. The committee will probably
meet before the end of the present
week.
Warning cards will not lie out tliis
week. The scholarship comitnttee has
not met as yet and the slips can not
be expected until Monday at the
earliest. The delay is caused hy the
failure of certain members of the
faculty to turn in their reports on
time. All records were supposed to
be in by last Friday but up to date
several courses have not been heard
from. The committee will probably
meet before the end of the present
week.
Warning cards will not lie out tliis
week. The scholarship comitnttee has
not met as yet and the slips can not
be expected until Monday at the
earliest. The delay is caused hy the
failure of certain members of the
faculty to turn in their reports on
time. All records were supposed to
be in by last Friday but up to date
several courses have not been heard
from. The committee will probably
meet before the end of the present
week.
Warning cards will not lie out tliis
week. The scholarship comitnttee has
not met as yet and the slips can not
be expected until Monday at the
earliest. The delay is caused hy the
failure of certain members of the
faculty to turn in their reports on
time. All records were supposed to
be in by last Friday but up to date
several courses have not been heard
from. The committee will probably
meet before the end of the present
week.
