# Untitled Article
## 
### 
From the report on the track col
lection- given out by Graduate Man
ager Sale.- and published in the"Daily
Palo All<>" tonight, it ts apparent
that the work of collecting has been
very imperfectly done, and in many
cases entirely neglected. The time
for reporting has been extended re
peatedly, and there seems to be no
excuse for this indifference toward the
support of the new track. Evidence
that many of the collectors have been
wholly inactive is shown by the fact
that a number of students have ex
pressed themselves as willing to con
tribute. ihi t have had no opportunity
to do so, never having been approach
ed by a co,lector. L nb ss the men
appointed display an interest in the
near future, other means of reaching
the student body should be resorted
to. It ib certain that much larger
sum is available for the new track
from this source than has thus far
been secured.
\\ e wish to call attention to the
announcement that special song and
yell practices will be heid on Tues
days and Thursdays during the re
mainder of the time before the inter
collegiate game. It i> of great im
portance that the members of the
student body appear 011 the bleach
ers and enter the spirit or the root
ing if Stanford is to equal her show
ing of former years. The new meth
od of choosing the prize songs and
yells, whereby the choice is largely
in the hands of the rooters them
selves. makes it imperative that the
bleachers be well tilled during the
competition.
From the report on the track col
lection- given out by Graduate Man
ager Sale.- and published in the"Daily
Palo All<>" tonight, it ts apparent
that the work of collecting has been
very imperfectly done, and in many
cases entirely neglected. The time
for reporting has been extended re
peatedly, and there seems to be no
excuse for this indifference toward the
support of the new track. Evidence
that many of the collectors have been
wholly inactive is shown by the fact
that a number of students have ex
pressed themselves as willing to con
tribute. ihi t have had no opportunity
to do so, never having been approach
ed by a co,lector. L nb ss the men
appointed display an interest in the
near future, other means of reaching
the student body should be resorted
to. It ib certain that much larger
sum is available for the new track
from this source than has thus far
been secured.
\\ e wish to call attention to the
announcement that special song and
yell practices will be heid on Tues
days and Thursdays during the re
mainder of the time before the inter
collegiate game. It i> of great im
portance that the members of the
student body appear 011 the bleach
ers and enter the spirit or the root
ing if Stanford is to equal her show
ing of former years. The new meth
od of choosing the prize songs and
yells, whereby the choice is largely
in the hands of the rooters them
selves. makes it imperative that the
bleachers be well tilled during the
competition.
From the report on the track col
lection- given out by Graduate Man
ager Sale.- and published in the"Daily
Palo All<>" tonight, it ts apparent
that the work of collecting has been
very imperfectly done, and in many
cases entirely neglected. The time
for reporting has been extended re
peatedly, and there seems to be no
excuse for this indifference toward the
support of the new track. Evidence
that many of the collectors have been
wholly inactive is shown by the fact
that a number of students have ex
pressed themselves as willing to con
tribute. ihi t have had no opportunity
to do so, never having been approach
ed by a co,lector. L nb ss the men
appointed display an interest in the
near future, other means of reaching
the student body should be resorted
to. It ib certain that much larger
sum is available for the new track
from this source than has thus far
been secured.
\\ e wish to call attention to the
announcement that special song and
yell practices will be heid on Tues
days and Thursdays during the re
mainder of the time before the inter
collegiate game. It i> of great im
portance that the members of the
student body appear 011 the bleach
ers and enter the spirit or the root
ing if Stanford is to equal her show
ing of former years. The new meth
od of choosing the prize songs and
yells, whereby the choice is largely
in the hands of the rooters them
selves. makes it imperative that the
bleachers be well tilled during the
competition.
From the report on the track col
lection- given out by Graduate Man
ager Sale.- and published in the"Daily
Palo All<>" tonight, it ts apparent
that the work of collecting has been
very imperfectly done, and in many
cases entirely neglected. The time
for reporting has been extended re
peatedly, and there seems to be no
excuse for this indifference toward the
support of the new track. Evidence
that many of the collectors have been
wholly inactive is shown by the fact
that a number of students have ex
pressed themselves as willing to con
tribute. ihi t have had no opportunity
to do so, never having been approach
ed by a co,lector. L nb ss the men
appointed display an interest in the
near future, other means of reaching
the student body should be resorted
to. It ib certain that much larger
sum is available for the new track
from this source than has thus far
been secured.
\\ e wish to call attention to the
announcement that special song and
yell practices will be heid on Tues
days and Thursdays during the re
mainder of the time before the inter
collegiate game. It i> of great im
portance that the members of the
student body appear 011 the bleach
ers and enter the spirit or the root
ing if Stanford is to equal her show
ing of former years. The new meth
od of choosing the prize songs and
yells, whereby the choice is largely
in the hands of the rooters them
selves. makes it imperative that the
bleachers be well tilled during the
competition.
From the report on the track col
lection- given out by Graduate Man
ager Sale.- and published in the"Daily
Palo All<>" tonight, it ts apparent
that the work of collecting has been
very imperfectly done, and in many
cases entirely neglected. The time
for reporting has been extended re
peatedly, and there seems to be no
excuse for this indifference toward the
support of the new track. Evidence
that many of the collectors have been
wholly inactive is shown by the fact
that a number of students have ex
pressed themselves as willing to con
tribute. ihi t have had no opportunity
to do so, never having been approach
ed by a co,lector. L nb ss the men
appointed display an interest in the
near future, other means of reaching
the student body should be resorted
to. It ib certain that much larger
sum is available for the new track
from this source than has thus far
been secured.
\\ e wish to call attention to the
announcement that special song and
yell practices will be heid on Tues
days and Thursdays during the re
mainder of the time before the inter
collegiate game. It i> of great im
portance that the members of the
student body appear 011 the bleach
ers and enter the spirit or the root
ing if Stanford is to equal her show
ing of former years. The new meth
od of choosing the prize songs and
yells, whereby the choice is largely
in the hands of the rooters them
selves. makes it imperative that the
bleachers be well tilled during the
competition.
From the report on the track col
lection- given out by Graduate Man
ager Sale.- and published in the"Daily
Palo All<>" tonight, it ts apparent
that the work of collecting has been
very imperfectly done, and in many
cases entirely neglected. The time
for reporting has been extended re
peatedly, and there seems to be no
excuse for this indifference toward the
support of the new track. Evidence
that many of the collectors have been
wholly inactive is shown by the fact
that a number of students have ex
pressed themselves as willing to con
tribute. ihi t have had no opportunity
to do so, never having been approach
ed by a co,lector. L nb ss the men
appointed display an interest in the
near future, other means of reaching
the student body should be resorted
to. It ib certain that much larger
sum is available for the new track
from this source than has thus far
been secured.
\\ e wish to call attention to the
announcement that special song and
yell practices will be heid on Tues
days and Thursdays during the re
mainder of the time before the inter
collegiate game. It i> of great im
portance that the members of the
student body appear 011 the bleach
ers and enter the spirit or the root
ing if Stanford is to equal her show
ing of former years. The new meth
od of choosing the prize songs and
yells, whereby the choice is largely
in the hands of the rooters them
selves. makes it imperative that the
bleachers be well tilled during the
competition.
From the report on the track col
lection- given out by Graduate Man
ager Sale.- and published in the"Daily
Palo All<>" tonight, it ts apparent
that the work of collecting has been
very imperfectly done, and in many
cases entirely neglected. The time
for reporting has been extended re
peatedly, and there seems to be no
excuse for this indifference toward the
support of the new track. Evidence
that many of the collectors have been
wholly inactive is shown by the fact
that a number of students have ex
pressed themselves as willing to con
tribute. ihi t have had no opportunity
to do so, never having been approach
ed by a co,lector. L nb ss the men
appointed display an interest in the
near future, other means of reaching
the student body should be resorted
to. It ib certain that much larger
sum is available for the new track
from this source than has thus far
been secured.
\\ e wish to call attention to the
announcement that special song and
yell practices will be heid on Tues
days and Thursdays during the re
mainder of the time before the inter
collegiate game. It i> of great im
portance that the members of the
student body appear 011 the bleach
ers and enter the spirit or the root
ing if Stanford is to equal her show
ing of former years. The new meth
od of choosing the prize songs and
yells, whereby the choice is largely
in the hands of the rooters them
selves. makes it imperative that the
bleachers be well tilled during the
competition.
From the report on the track col
lection- given out by Graduate Man
ager Sale.- and published in the"Daily
Palo All<>" tonight, it ts apparent
that the work of collecting has been
very imperfectly done, and in many
cases entirely neglected. The time
for reporting has been extended re
peatedly, and there seems to be no
excuse for this indifference toward the
support of the new track. Evidence
that many of the collectors have been
wholly inactive is shown by the fact
that a number of students have ex
pressed themselves as willing to con
tribute. ihi t have had no opportunity
to do so, never having been approach
ed by a co,lector. L nb ss the men
appointed display an interest in the
near future, other means of reaching
the student body should be resorted
to. It ib certain that much larger
sum is available for the new track
from this source than has thus far
been secured.
\\ e wish to call attention to the
announcement that special song and
yell practices will be heid on Tues
days and Thursdays during the re
mainder of the time before the inter
collegiate game. It i> of great im
portance that the members of the
student body appear 011 the bleach
ers and enter the spirit or the root
ing if Stanford is to equal her show
ing of former years. The new meth
od of choosing the prize songs and
yells, whereby the choice is largely
in the hands of the rooters them
selves. makes it imperative that the
bleachers be well tilled during the
competition.
From the report on the track col
lection- given out by Graduate Man
ager Sale.- and published in the"Daily
Palo All<>" tonight, it ts apparent
that the work of collecting has been
very imperfectly done, and in many
cases entirely neglected. The time
for reporting has been extended re
peatedly, and there seems to be no
excuse for this indifference toward the
support of the new track. Evidence
that many of the collectors have been
wholly inactive is shown by the fact
that a number of students have ex
pressed themselves as willing to con
tribute. ihi t have had no opportunity
to do so, never having been approach
ed by a co,lector. L nb ss the men
appointed display an interest in the
near future, other means of reaching
the student body should be resorted
to. It ib certain that much larger
sum is available for the new track
from this source than has thus far
been secured.
\\ e wish to call attention to the
announcement that special song and
yell practices will be heid on Tues
days and Thursdays during the re
mainder of the time before the inter
collegiate game. It i> of great im
portance that the members of the
student body appear 011 the bleach
ers and enter the spirit or the root
ing if Stanford is to equal her show
ing of former years. The new meth
od of choosing the prize songs and
yells, whereby the choice is largely
in the hands of the rooters them
selves. makes it imperative that the
bleachers be well tilled during the
competition.
