# On'n Off Campus
## 
### 
Lewis Alabaster. *24. is working for
the Paul Hoffman Company in Los
Angeles. Alabaster is endeavoring to
sell Studebakers.
* * *
I Geoffrey F. Morgan. '10, has re- j
turned to his liojne in Santa Monica ;
after a nine months' lecture tour on
Lyceum and Chautauqua platforms. He
will be heard in an address before a
University assembly some time this
quarter.
$* Â» !
Ruth Krutcher, '22, and Dana Burks,
'23. were married in August. They re
turned last week to Palo Alto from
Arizona where they have been since ,
their marriage. Mrs. Burks is regis- ;
tered again this quarter. She belongs'
to Delta Gamma sorority. Burks is a
member of Alpha Tau Omega,
# * *
Charles Fletcher, *24, is studying |
foreign languages and customs in Eu
rope. Fletcher is preparing to enter i
the diplomatic service of the United
States.
* * *
Ellowene Delohoyde, *24, and Daniel
Evans, '21, were married in Hollywood
on September 30. They are now living
in Palo Alto on Fulton avenue. Evans
was president of the student body in
1921. i
* * *
Truman Donoho, '22, who has been
.instructor in the Romanic Language
department here, is now teaching
Spanish in Stockton high school.
* * *
Ruth Quinn, '23, and Katherine Reed,
'22, are teaching in Honolulu.
