# "Presidential Candidates" Is Freshman Debate Topic
## 
### 
Hot-air producers of the class of '28;
are to gather in Room 12 or the Law,
building Tuesday evening prepared to
speak for five minutes on one ot" the
presidential candidates in tryouts for
the freshman debate squad, according!
to Bert Levi), the freshman debating
coach.
This season a number of practice!
debates with some colleges nearby i
are planned in preparation for the Big
Little debate with California tlii;
spring. About twelve freshmen have
already expressed their intention of
trying out.
Hot-air producers of the class of '28;
are to gather in Room 12 or the Law,
building Tuesday evening prepared to
speak for five minutes on one ot" the
presidential candidates in tryouts for
the freshman debate squad, according!
to Bert Levi), the freshman debating
coach.
This season a number of practice!
debates with some colleges nearby i
are planned in preparation for the Big
Little debate with California tlii;
spring. About twelve freshmen have
already expressed their intention of
trying out.
Hot-air producers of the class of '28;
are to gather in Room 12 or the Law,
building Tuesday evening prepared to
speak for five minutes on one ot" the
presidential candidates in tryouts for
the freshman debate squad, according!
to Bert Levi), the freshman debating
coach.
This season a number of practice!
debates with some colleges nearby i
are planned in preparation for the Big
Little debate with California tlii;
spring. About twelve freshmen have
already expressed their intention of
trying out.
Hot-air producers of the class of '28;
are to gather in Room 12 or the Law,
building Tuesday evening prepared to
speak for five minutes on one ot" the
presidential candidates in tryouts for
the freshman debate squad, according!
to Bert Levi), the freshman debating
coach.
This season a number of practice!
debates with some colleges nearby i
are planned in preparation for the Big
Little debate with California tlii;
spring. About twelve freshmen have
already expressed their intention of
trying out.
Hot-air producers of the class of '28;
are to gather in Room 12 or the Law,
building Tuesday evening prepared to
speak for five minutes on one ot" the
presidential candidates in tryouts for
the freshman debate squad, according!
to Bert Levi), the freshman debating
coach.
This season a number of practice!
debates with some colleges nearby i
are planned in preparation for the Big
Little debate with California tlii;
spring. About twelve freshmen have
already expressed their intention of
trying out.
Hot-air producers of the class of '28;
are to gather in Room 12 or the Law,
building Tuesday evening prepared to
speak for five minutes on one ot" the
presidential candidates in tryouts for
the freshman debate squad, according!
to Bert Levi), the freshman debating
coach.
This season a number of practice!
debates with some colleges nearby i
are planned in preparation for the Big
Little debate with California tlii;
spring. About twelve freshmen have
already expressed their intention of
trying out.
Hot-air producers of the class of '28;
are to gather in Room 12 or the Law,
building Tuesday evening prepared to
speak for five minutes on one ot" the
presidential candidates in tryouts for
the freshman debate squad, according!
to Bert Levi), the freshman debating
coach.
This season a number of practice!
debates with some colleges nearby i
are planned in preparation for the Big
Little debate with California tlii;
spring. About twelve freshmen have
already expressed their intention of
trying out.
Hot-air producers of the class of '28;
are to gather in Room 12 or the Law,
building Tuesday evening prepared to
speak for five minutes on one ot" the
presidential candidates in tryouts for
the freshman debate squad, according!
to Bert Levi), the freshman debating
coach.
This season a number of practice!
debates with some colleges nearby i
are planned in preparation for the Big
Little debate with California tlii;
spring. About twelve freshmen have
already expressed their intention of
trying out.
Hot-air producers of the class of '28;
are to gather in Room 12 or the Law,
building Tuesday evening prepared to
speak for five minutes on one ot" the
presidential candidates in tryouts for
the freshman debate squad, according!
to Bert Levi), the freshman debating
coach.
This season a number of practice!
debates with some colleges nearby i
are planned in preparation for the Big
Little debate with California tlii;
spring. About twelve freshmen have
already expressed their intention of
trying out.
Hot-air producers of the class of '28;
are to gather in Room 12 or the Law,
building Tuesday evening prepared to
speak for five minutes on one ot" the
presidential candidates in tryouts for
the freshman debate squad, according!
to Bert Levi), the freshman debating
coach.
This season a number of practice!
debates with some colleges nearby i
are planned in preparation for the Big
Little debate with California tlii;
spring. About twelve freshmen have
already expressed their intention of
trying out.
Hot-air producers of the class of '28;
are to gather in Room 12 or the Law,
building Tuesday evening prepared to
speak for five minutes on one ot" the
presidential candidates in tryouts for
the freshman debate squad, according!
to Bert Levi), the freshman debating
coach.
This season a number of practice!
debates with some colleges nearby i
are planned in preparation for the Big
Little debate with California tlii;
spring. About twelve freshmen have
already expressed their intention of
trying out.
Hot-air producers of the class of '28;
are to gather in Room 12 or the Law,
building Tuesday evening prepared to
speak for five minutes on one ot" the
presidential candidates in tryouts for
the freshman debate squad, according!
to Bert Levi), the freshman debating
coach.
This season a number of practice!
debates with some colleges nearby i
are planned in preparation for the Big
Little debate with California tlii;
spring. About twelve freshmen have
already expressed their intention of
trying out.
Hot-air producers of the class of '28;
are to gather in Room 12 or the Law,
building Tuesday evening prepared to
speak for five minutes on one ot" the
presidential candidates in tryouts for
the freshman debate squad, according!
to Bert Levi), the freshman debating
coach.
This season a number of practice!
debates with some colleges nearby i
are planned in preparation for the Big
Little debate with California tlii;
spring. About twelve freshmen have
already expressed their intention of
trying out.
Hot-air producers of the class of '28;
are to gather in Room 12 or the Law,
building Tuesday evening prepared to
speak for five minutes on one ot" the
presidential candidates in tryouts for
the freshman debate squad, according!
to Bert Levi), the freshman debating
coach.
This season a number of practice!
debates with some colleges nearby i
are planned in preparation for the Big
Little debate with California tlii;
spring. About twelve freshmen have
already expressed their intention of
trying out.
Hot-air producers of the class of '28;
are to gather in Room 12 or the Law,
building Tuesday evening prepared to
speak for five minutes on one ot" the
presidential candidates in tryouts for
the freshman debate squad, according!
to Bert Levi), the freshman debating
coach.
This season a number of practice!
debates with some colleges nearby i
are planned in preparation for the Big
Little debate with California tlii;
spring. About twelve freshmen have
already expressed their intention of
trying out.
Hot-air producers of the class of '28;
are to gather in Room 12 or the Law,
building Tuesday evening prepared to
speak for five minutes on one ot" the
presidential candidates in tryouts for
the freshman debate squad, according!
to Bert Levi), the freshman debating
coach.
This season a number of practice!
debates with some colleges nearby i
are planned in preparation for the Big
Little debate with California tlii;
spring. About twelve freshmen have
already expressed their intention of
trying out.
