# QUAD DISTRIBUTION
## 
### 
Quads will continue to be dis
tributed this week from 1 to 4 in the
Quad offices. Owners are asked to
call for their Quads as soon as
possible by Business Manager Ann
Lilenthal.
Quads will continue to be dis
tributed this week from 1 to 4 in the
Quad offices. Owners are asked to
call for their Quads as soon as
possible by Business Manager Ann
Lilenthal.
Quads will continue to be dis
tributed this week from 1 to 4 in the
Quad offices. Owners are asked to
call for their Quads as soon as
possible by Business Manager Ann
Lilenthal.
Quads will continue to be dis
tributed this week from 1 to 4 in the
Quad offices. Owners are asked to
call for their Quads as soon as
possible by Business Manager Ann
Lilenthal.
Quads will continue to be dis
tributed this week from 1 to 4 in the
Quad offices. Owners are asked to
call for their Quads as soon as
possible by Business Manager Ann
Lilenthal.
Quads will continue to be dis
tributed this week from 1 to 4 in the
Quad offices. Owners are asked to
call for their Quads as soon as
possible by Business Manager Ann
Lilenthal.
Quads will continue to be dis
tributed this week from 1 to 4 in the
Quad offices. Owners are asked to
call for their Quads as soon as
possible by Business Manager Ann
Lilenthal.
Quads will continue to be dis
tributed this week from 1 to 4 in the
Quad offices. Owners are asked to
call for their Quads as soon as
possible by Business Manager Ann
Lilenthal.
Quads will continue to be dis
tributed this week from 1 to 4 in the
Quad offices. Owners are asked to
call for their Quads as soon as
possible by Business Manager Ann
Lilenthal.
Quads will continue to be dis
tributed this week from 1 to 4 in the
Quad offices. Owners are asked to
call for their Quads as soon as
possible by Business Manager Ann
Lilenthal.
Quads will continue to be dis
tributed this week from 1 to 4 in the
Quad offices. Owners are asked to
call for their Quads as soon as
possible by Business Manager Ann
Lilenthal.
Quads will continue to be dis
tributed this week from 1 to 4 in the
Quad offices. Owners are asked to
call for their Quads as soon as
possible by Business Manager Ann
Lilenthal.
Quads will continue to be dis
tributed this week from 1 to 4 in the
Quad offices. Owners are asked to
call for their Quads as soon as
possible by Business Manager Ann
Lilenthal.
Quads will continue to be dis
tributed this week from 1 to 4 in the
Quad offices. Owners are asked to
call for their Quads as soon as
possible by Business Manager Ann
Lilenthal.
Quads will continue to be dis
tributed this week from 1 to 4 in the
Quad offices. Owners are asked to
call for their Quads as soon as
possible by Business Manager Ann
Lilenthal.
