# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Today is the last day to apply to be
a Daily columnist for this volume.
Please submit a sample column and
application to the Daily opinions of
fice by 5 p.m. All columns should be
typed, double-spaced, on a 57-
character line.
Next week, and every other week
after that, the DaWywill begin a new
feature. On alternating Wednesdays
the Daily will select two opposing
Today is the last day to apply to be
a Daily columnist for this volume.
Please submit a sample column and
application to the Daily opinions of
fice by 5 p.m. All columns should be
typed, double-spaced, on a 57-
character line.
Next week, and every other week
after that, the DaWywill begin a new
feature. On alternating Wednesdays
the Daily will select two opposing
Today is the last day to apply to be
a Daily columnist for this volume.
Please submit a sample column and
application to the Daily opinions of
fice by 5 p.m. All columns should be
typed, double-spaced, on a 57-
character line.
Next week, and every other week
after that, the DaWywill begin a new
feature. On alternating Wednesdays
the Daily will select two opposing
Today is the last day to apply to be
a Daily columnist for this volume.
Please submit a sample column and
application to the Daily opinions of
fice by 5 p.m. All columns should be
typed, double-spaced, on a 57-
character line.
Next week, and every other week
after that, the DaWywill begin a new
feature. On alternating Wednesdays
the Daily will select two opposing
Today is the last day to apply to be
a Daily columnist for this volume.
Please submit a sample column and
application to the Daily opinions of
fice by 5 p.m. All columns should be
typed, double-spaced, on a 57-
character line.
Next week, and every other week
after that, the DaWywill begin a new
feature. On alternating Wednesdays
the Daily will select two opposing
Today is the last day to apply to be
a Daily columnist for this volume.
Please submit a sample column and
application to the Daily opinions of
fice by 5 p.m. All columns should be
typed, double-spaced, on a 57-
character line.
Next week, and every other week
after that, the DaWywill begin a new
feature. On alternating Wednesdays
the Daily will select two opposing
Today is the last day to apply to be
a Daily columnist for this volume.
Please submit a sample column and
application to the Daily opinions of
fice by 5 p.m. All columns should be
typed, double-spaced, on a 57-
character line.
Next week, and every other week
after that, the DaWywill begin a new
feature. On alternating Wednesdays
the Daily will select two opposing
Today is the last day to apply to be
a Daily columnist for this volume.
Please submit a sample column and
application to the Daily opinions of
fice by 5 p.m. All columns should be
typed, double-spaced, on a 57-
character line.
Next week, and every other week
after that, the DaWywill begin a new
feature. On alternating Wednesdays
the Daily will select two opposing
