# SUGAR CONTROL ACT
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (/!').—Dr.
Joshua Bernhardt, new chief of the
AAA sugar section, said today he
had no particular plans for admin
istration of the Sugar Control Act
since "the Jones-Costigan Act es
tablished its own standards and re
quirements."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (/!').—Dr.
Joshua Bernhardt, new chief of the
AAA sugar section, said today he
had no particular plans for admin
istration of the Sugar Control Act
since "the Jones-Costigan Act es
tablished its own standards and re
quirements."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (/!').—Dr.
Joshua Bernhardt, new chief of the
AAA sugar section, said today he
had no particular plans for admin
istration of the Sugar Control Act
since "the Jones-Costigan Act es
tablished its own standards and re
quirements."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (/!').—Dr.
Joshua Bernhardt, new chief of the
AAA sugar section, said today he
had no particular plans for admin
istration of the Sugar Control Act
since "the Jones-Costigan Act es
tablished its own standards and re
quirements."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (/!').—Dr.
Joshua Bernhardt, new chief of the
AAA sugar section, said today he
had no particular plans for admin
istration of the Sugar Control Act
since "the Jones-Costigan Act es
tablished its own standards and re
quirements."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (/!').—Dr.
Joshua Bernhardt, new chief of the
AAA sugar section, said today he
had no particular plans for admin
istration of the Sugar Control Act
since "the Jones-Costigan Act es
tablished its own standards and re
quirements."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (/!').—Dr.
Joshua Bernhardt, new chief of the
AAA sugar section, said today he
had no particular plans for admin
istration of the Sugar Control Act
since "the Jones-Costigan Act es
tablished its own standards and re
quirements."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (/!').—Dr.
Joshua Bernhardt, new chief of the
AAA sugar section, said today he
had no particular plans for admin
istration of the Sugar Control Act
since "the Jones-Costigan Act es
tablished its own standards and re
quirements."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (/!').—Dr.
Joshua Bernhardt, new chief of the
AAA sugar section, said today he
had no particular plans for admin
istration of the Sugar Control Act
since "the Jones-Costigan Act es
tablished its own standards and re
quirements."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (/!').—Dr.
Joshua Bernhardt, new chief of the
AAA sugar section, said today he
had no particular plans for admin
istration of the Sugar Control Act
since "the Jones-Costigan Act es
tablished its own standards and re
quirements."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (/!').—Dr.
Joshua Bernhardt, new chief of the
AAA sugar section, said today he
had no particular plans for admin
istration of the Sugar Control Act
since "the Jones-Costigan Act es
tablished its own standards and re
quirements."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (/!').—Dr.
Joshua Bernhardt, new chief of the
AAA sugar section, said today he
had no particular plans for admin
istration of the Sugar Control Act
since "the Jones-Costigan Act es
tablished its own standards and re
quirements."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (/!').—Dr.
Joshua Bernhardt, new chief of the
AAA sugar section, said today he
had no particular plans for admin
istration of the Sugar Control Act
since "the Jones-Costigan Act es
tablished its own standards and re
quirements."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (/!').—Dr.
Joshua Bernhardt, new chief of the
AAA sugar section, said today he
had no particular plans for admin
istration of the Sugar Control Act
since "the Jones-Costigan Act es
tablished its own standards and re
quirements."
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12 (/!').—Dr.
Joshua Bernhardt, new chief of the
AAA sugar section, said today he
had no particular plans for admin
istration of the Sugar Control Act
since "the Jones-Costigan Act es
tablished its own standards and re
quirements."
