# STAR DENIES TROTH
## 
### 
HONOLULU, Nov. 12 (A 3 ).—Ann
Harding, screen player, denied today
that she was engaged to be married
to Major Ben M. Sawbridge of the
United States Army, stationed at
Schofield Barracks, near here.

SIOUX CITY, la., Nov. 12 (M. -
Morningside (?ollege trustees today
accepted the resignation of Dr. Rob
ert E. O'Brian, president of the
school.
HONOLULU, Nov. 12 (A 3 ).—Ann
Harding, screen player, denied today
that she was engaged to be married
to Major Ben M. Sawbridge of the
United States Army, stationed at
Schofield Barracks, near here.

SIOUX CITY, la., Nov. 12 (M. -
Morningside (?ollege trustees today
accepted the resignation of Dr. Rob
ert E. O'Brian, president of the
school.
HONOLULU, Nov. 12 (A 3 ).—Ann
Harding, screen player, denied today
that she was engaged to be married
to Major Ben M. Sawbridge of the
United States Army, stationed at
Schofield Barracks, near here.

SIOUX CITY, la., Nov. 12 (M. -
Morningside (?ollege trustees today
accepted the resignation of Dr. Rob
ert E. O'Brian, president of the
school.
HONOLULU, Nov. 12 (A 3 ).—Ann
Harding, screen player, denied today
that she was engaged to be married
to Major Ben M. Sawbridge of the
United States Army, stationed at
Schofield Barracks, near here.

SIOUX CITY, la., Nov. 12 (M. -
Morningside (?ollege trustees today
accepted the resignation of Dr. Rob
ert E. O'Brian, president of the
school.
HONOLULU, Nov. 12 (A 3 ).—Ann
Harding, screen player, denied today
that she was engaged to be married
to Major Ben M. Sawbridge of the
United States Army, stationed at
Schofield Barracks, near here.

SIOUX CITY, la., Nov. 12 (M. -
Morningside (?ollege trustees today
accepted the resignation of Dr. Rob
ert E. O'Brian, president of the
school.
HONOLULU, Nov. 12 (A 3 ).—Ann
Harding, screen player, denied today
that she was engaged to be married
to Major Ben M. Sawbridge of the
United States Army, stationed at
Schofield Barracks, near here.

SIOUX CITY, la., Nov. 12 (M. -
Morningside (?ollege trustees today
accepted the resignation of Dr. Rob
ert E. O'Brian, president of the
school.
HONOLULU, Nov. 12 (A 3 ).—Ann
Harding, screen player, denied today
that she was engaged to be married
to Major Ben M. Sawbridge of the
United States Army, stationed at
Schofield Barracks, near here.

SIOUX CITY, la., Nov. 12 (M. -
Morningside (?ollege trustees today
accepted the resignation of Dr. Rob
ert E. O'Brian, president of the
school.
HONOLULU, Nov. 12 (A 3 ).—Ann
Harding, screen player, denied today
that she was engaged to be married
to Major Ben M. Sawbridge of the
United States Army, stationed at
Schofield Barracks, near here.

SIOUX CITY, la., Nov. 12 (M. -
Morningside (?ollege trustees today
accepted the resignation of Dr. Rob
ert E. O'Brian, president of the
school.
HONOLULU, Nov. 12 (A 3 ).—Ann
Harding, screen player, denied today
that she was engaged to be married
to Major Ben M. Sawbridge of the
United States Army, stationed at
Schofield Barracks, near here.

SIOUX CITY, la., Nov. 12 (M. -
Morningside (?ollege trustees today
accepted the resignation of Dr. Rob
ert E. O'Brian, president of the
school.
HONOLULU, Nov. 12 (A 3 ).—Ann
Harding, screen player, denied today
that she was engaged to be married
to Major Ben M. Sawbridge of the
United States Army, stationed at
Schofield Barracks, near here.

SIOUX CITY, la., Nov. 12 (M. -
Morningside (?ollege trustees today
accepted the resignation of Dr. Rob
ert E. O'Brian, president of the
school.
HONOLULU, Nov. 12 (A 3 ).—Ann
Harding, screen player, denied today
that she was engaged to be married
to Major Ben M. Sawbridge of the
United States Army, stationed at
Schofield Barracks, near here.

SIOUX CITY, la., Nov. 12 (M. -
Morningside (?ollege trustees today
accepted the resignation of Dr. Rob
ert E. O'Brian, president of the
school.
HONOLULU, Nov. 12 (A 3 ).—Ann
Harding, screen player, denied today
that she was engaged to be married
to Major Ben M. Sawbridge of the
United States Army, stationed at
Schofield Barracks, near here.

SIOUX CITY, la., Nov. 12 (M. -
Morningside (?ollege trustees today
accepted the resignation of Dr. Rob
ert E. O'Brian, president of the
school.
HONOLULU, Nov. 12 (A 3 ).—Ann
Harding, screen player, denied today
that she was engaged to be married
to Major Ben M. Sawbridge of the
United States Army, stationed at
Schofield Barracks, near here.

SIOUX CITY, la., Nov. 12 (M. -
Morningside (?ollege trustees today
accepted the resignation of Dr. Rob
ert E. O'Brian, president of the
school.
HONOLULU, Nov. 12 (A 3 ).—Ann
Harding, screen player, denied today
that she was engaged to be married
to Major Ben M. Sawbridge of the
United States Army, stationed at
Schofield Barracks, near here.

SIOUX CITY, la., Nov. 12 (M. -
Morningside (?ollege trustees today
accepted the resignation of Dr. Rob
ert E. O'Brian, president of the
school.
HONOLULU, Nov. 12 (A 3 ).—Ann
Harding, screen player, denied today
that she was engaged to be married
to Major Ben M. Sawbridge of the
United States Army, stationed at
Schofield Barracks, near here.

SIOUX CITY, la., Nov. 12 (M. -
Morningside (?ollege trustees today
accepted the resignation of Dr. Rob
ert E. O'Brian, president of the
school.
