# Little Popoff Pops Out In Chaparral
## 
### 
Chappie's Old Boy, Jim Copp,
reached down to the drawer of
his copy-laden desk and slid it
open. Out of it, much to the
consternation of onlookers,
vaulted Little Popoff, full
blooded Indian brother of Little
Speak Softly, of last year's
Chappie.
Little Speak Softly has since
been graduated for one reason
or another, so Little Popoff,
when not sleeping away spare
moments in the desk, is drop
ping sash-weights on Encina
sponsors with his freshman
classmates. Copp intends to
wrangle a story or two out of
him for next week's Big Game
issue of Chaparral.
Many more drawings will be
added to Chappie with Dorman
Smith, Rollin Pickford, and
Dick Dawson bearing the brunt
of the art work. Contributions
to the December number must
be in tomorrow.
Chappie's Old Boy, Jim Copp,
reached down to the drawer of
his copy-laden desk and slid it
open. Out of it, much to the
consternation of onlookers,
vaulted Little Popoff, full
blooded Indian brother of Little
Speak Softly, of last year's
Chappie.
Little Speak Softly has since
been graduated for one reason
or another, so Little Popoff,
when not sleeping away spare
moments in the desk, is drop
ping sash-weights on Encina
sponsors with his freshman
classmates. Copp intends to
wrangle a story or two out of
him for next week's Big Game
issue of Chaparral.
Many more drawings will be
added to Chappie with Dorman
Smith, Rollin Pickford, and
Dick Dawson bearing the brunt
of the art work. Contributions
to the December number must
be in tomorrow.
Chappie's Old Boy, Jim Copp,
reached down to the drawer of
his copy-laden desk and slid it
open. Out of it, much to the
consternation of onlookers,
vaulted Little Popoff, full
blooded Indian brother of Little
Speak Softly, of last year's
Chappie.
Little Speak Softly has since
been graduated for one reason
or another, so Little Popoff,
when not sleeping away spare
moments in the desk, is drop
ping sash-weights on Encina
sponsors with his freshman
classmates. Copp intends to
wrangle a story or two out of
him for next week's Big Game
issue of Chaparral.
Many more drawings will be
added to Chappie with Dorman
Smith, Rollin Pickford, and
Dick Dawson bearing the brunt
of the art work. Contributions
to the December number must
be in tomorrow.
Chappie's Old Boy, Jim Copp,
reached down to the drawer of
his copy-laden desk and slid it
open. Out of it, much to the
consternation of onlookers,
vaulted Little Popoff, full
blooded Indian brother of Little
Speak Softly, of last year's
Chappie.
Little Speak Softly has since
been graduated for one reason
or another, so Little Popoff,
when not sleeping away spare
moments in the desk, is drop
ping sash-weights on Encina
sponsors with his freshman
classmates. Copp intends to
wrangle a story or two out of
him for next week's Big Game
issue of Chaparral.
Many more drawings will be
added to Chappie with Dorman
Smith, Rollin Pickford, and
Dick Dawson bearing the brunt
of the art work. Contributions
to the December number must
be in tomorrow.
Chappie's Old Boy, Jim Copp,
reached down to the drawer of
his copy-laden desk and slid it
open. Out of it, much to the
consternation of onlookers,
vaulted Little Popoff, full
blooded Indian brother of Little
Speak Softly, of last year's
Chappie.
Little Speak Softly has since
been graduated for one reason
or another, so Little Popoff,
when not sleeping away spare
moments in the desk, is drop
ping sash-weights on Encina
sponsors with his freshman
classmates. Copp intends to
wrangle a story or two out of
him for next week's Big Game
issue of Chaparral.
Many more drawings will be
added to Chappie with Dorman
Smith, Rollin Pickford, and
Dick Dawson bearing the brunt
of the art work. Contributions
to the December number must
be in tomorrow.
Chappie's Old Boy, Jim Copp,
reached down to the drawer of
his copy-laden desk and slid it
open. Out of it, much to the
consternation of onlookers,
vaulted Little Popoff, full
blooded Indian brother of Little
Speak Softly, of last year's
Chappie.
Little Speak Softly has since
been graduated for one reason
or another, so Little Popoff,
when not sleeping away spare
moments in the desk, is drop
ping sash-weights on Encina
sponsors with his freshman
classmates. Copp intends to
wrangle a story or two out of
him for next week's Big Game
issue of Chaparral.
Many more drawings will be
added to Chappie with Dorman
Smith, Rollin Pickford, and
Dick Dawson bearing the brunt
of the art work. Contributions
to the December number must
be in tomorrow.
Chappie's Old Boy, Jim Copp,
reached down to the drawer of
his copy-laden desk and slid it
open. Out of it, much to the
consternation of onlookers,
vaulted Little Popoff, full
blooded Indian brother of Little
Speak Softly, of last year's
Chappie.
Little Speak Softly has since
been graduated for one reason
or another, so Little Popoff,
when not sleeping away spare
moments in the desk, is drop
ping sash-weights on Encina
sponsors with his freshman
classmates. Copp intends to
wrangle a story or two out of
him for next week's Big Game
issue of Chaparral.
Many more drawings will be
added to Chappie with Dorman
Smith, Rollin Pickford, and
Dick Dawson bearing the brunt
of the art work. Contributions
to the December number must
be in tomorrow.
Chappie's Old Boy, Jim Copp,
reached down to the drawer of
his copy-laden desk and slid it
open. Out of it, much to the
consternation of onlookers,
vaulted Little Popoff, full
blooded Indian brother of Little
Speak Softly, of last year's
Chappie.
Little Speak Softly has since
been graduated for one reason
or another, so Little Popoff,
when not sleeping away spare
moments in the desk, is drop
ping sash-weights on Encina
sponsors with his freshman
classmates. Copp intends to
wrangle a story or two out of
him for next week's Big Game
issue of Chaparral.
Many more drawings will be
added to Chappie with Dorman
Smith, Rollin Pickford, and
Dick Dawson bearing the brunt
of the art work. Contributions
to the December number must
be in tomorrow.
Chappie's Old Boy, Jim Copp,
reached down to the drawer of
his copy-laden desk and slid it
open. Out of it, much to the
consternation of onlookers,
vaulted Little Popoff, full
blooded Indian brother of Little
Speak Softly, of last year's
Chappie.
Little Speak Softly has since
been graduated for one reason
or another, so Little Popoff,
when not sleeping away spare
moments in the desk, is drop
ping sash-weights on Encina
sponsors with his freshman
classmates. Copp intends to
wrangle a story or two out of
him for next week's Big Game
issue of Chaparral.
Many more drawings will be
added to Chappie with Dorman
Smith, Rollin Pickford, and
Dick Dawson bearing the brunt
of the art work. Contributions
to the December number must
be in tomorrow.
Chappie's Old Boy, Jim Copp,
reached down to the drawer of
his copy-laden desk and slid it
open. Out of it, much to the
consternation of onlookers,
vaulted Little Popoff, full
blooded Indian brother of Little
Speak Softly, of last year's
Chappie.
Little Speak Softly has since
been graduated for one reason
or another, so Little Popoff,
when not sleeping away spare
moments in the desk, is drop
ping sash-weights on Encina
sponsors with his freshman
classmates. Copp intends to
wrangle a story or two out of
him for next week's Big Game
issue of Chaparral.
Many more drawings will be
added to Chappie with Dorman
Smith, Rollin Pickford, and
Dick Dawson bearing the brunt
of the art work. Contributions
to the December number must
be in tomorrow.
Chappie's Old Boy, Jim Copp,
reached down to the drawer of
his copy-laden desk and slid it
open. Out of it, much to the
consternation of onlookers,
vaulted Little Popoff, full
blooded Indian brother of Little
Speak Softly, of last year's
Chappie.
Little Speak Softly has since
been graduated for one reason
or another, so Little Popoff,
when not sleeping away spare
moments in the desk, is drop
ping sash-weights on Encina
sponsors with his freshman
classmates. Copp intends to
wrangle a story or two out of
him for next week's Big Game
issue of Chaparral.
Many more drawings will be
added to Chappie with Dorman
Smith, Rollin Pickford, and
Dick Dawson bearing the brunt
of the art work. Contributions
to the December number must
be in tomorrow.
Chappie's Old Boy, Jim Copp,
reached down to the drawer of
his copy-laden desk and slid it
open. Out of it, much to the
consternation of onlookers,
vaulted Little Popoff, full
blooded Indian brother of Little
Speak Softly, of last year's
Chappie.
Little Speak Softly has since
been graduated for one reason
or another, so Little Popoff,
when not sleeping away spare
moments in the desk, is drop
ping sash-weights on Encina
sponsors with his freshman
classmates. Copp intends to
wrangle a story or two out of
him for next week's Big Game
issue of Chaparral.
Many more drawings will be
added to Chappie with Dorman
Smith, Rollin Pickford, and
Dick Dawson bearing the brunt
of the art work. Contributions
to the December number must
be in tomorrow.
Chappie's Old Boy, Jim Copp,
reached down to the drawer of
his copy-laden desk and slid it
open. Out of it, much to the
consternation of onlookers,
vaulted Little Popoff, full
blooded Indian brother of Little
Speak Softly, of last year's
Chappie.
Little Speak Softly has since
been graduated for one reason
or another, so Little Popoff,
when not sleeping away spare
moments in the desk, is drop
ping sash-weights on Encina
sponsors with his freshman
classmates. Copp intends to
wrangle a story or two out of
him for next week's Big Game
issue of Chaparral.
Many more drawings will be
added to Chappie with Dorman
Smith, Rollin Pickford, and
Dick Dawson bearing the brunt
of the art work. Contributions
to the December number must
be in tomorrow.
Chappie's Old Boy, Jim Copp,
reached down to the drawer of
his copy-laden desk and slid it
open. Out of it, much to the
consternation of onlookers,
vaulted Little Popoff, full
blooded Indian brother of Little
Speak Softly, of last year's
Chappie.
Little Speak Softly has since
been graduated for one reason
or another, so Little Popoff,
when not sleeping away spare
moments in the desk, is drop
ping sash-weights on Encina
sponsors with his freshman
classmates. Copp intends to
wrangle a story or two out of
him for next week's Big Game
issue of Chaparral.
Many more drawings will be
added to Chappie with Dorman
Smith, Rollin Pickford, and
Dick Dawson bearing the brunt
of the art work. Contributions
to the December number must
be in tomorrow.
Chappie's Old Boy, Jim Copp,
reached down to the drawer of
his copy-laden desk and slid it
open. Out of it, much to the
consternation of onlookers,
vaulted Little Popoff, full
blooded Indian brother of Little
Speak Softly, of last year's
Chappie.
Little Speak Softly has since
been graduated for one reason
or another, so Little Popoff,
when not sleeping away spare
moments in the desk, is drop
ping sash-weights on Encina
sponsors with his freshman
classmates. Copp intends to
wrangle a story or two out of
him for next week's Big Game
issue of Chaparral.
Many more drawings will be
added to Chappie with Dorman
Smith, Rollin Pickford, and
Dick Dawson bearing the brunt
of the art work. Contributions
to the December number must
be in tomorrow.
