# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Students and Faculty
members desiring to see
the famous Treiburg
Passion Play at the
Geary Theater Nov. 19-
27, may secure tickets
at a 10% discount if
bought at the A.S.S.U.
office and exchanged at
Sherman Clay & Co.,
Palo Alto, for reserved
seats, before noon, Mon
day, Nov. 18.
Students and Faculty
members desiring to see
the famous Treiburg
Passion Play at the
Geary Theater Nov. 19-
27, may secure tickets
at a 10% discount if
bought at the A.S.S.U.
office and exchanged at
Sherman Clay & Co.,
Palo Alto, for reserved
seats, before noon, Mon
day, Nov. 18.
Students and Faculty
members desiring to see
the famous Treiburg
Passion Play at the
Geary Theater Nov. 19-
27, may secure tickets
at a 10% discount if
bought at the A.S.S.U.
office and exchanged at
Sherman Clay & Co.,
Palo Alto, for reserved
seats, before noon, Mon
day, Nov. 18.
Students and Faculty
members desiring to see
the famous Treiburg
Passion Play at the
Geary Theater Nov. 19-
27, may secure tickets
at a 10% discount if
bought at the A.S.S.U.
office and exchanged at
Sherman Clay & Co.,
Palo Alto, for reserved
seats, before noon, Mon
day, Nov. 18.
Students and Faculty
members desiring to see
the famous Treiburg
Passion Play at the
Geary Theater Nov. 19-
27, may secure tickets
at a 10% discount if
bought at the A.S.S.U.
office and exchanged at
Sherman Clay & Co.,
Palo Alto, for reserved
seats, before noon, Mon
day, Nov. 18.
Students and Faculty
members desiring to see
the famous Treiburg
Passion Play at the
Geary Theater Nov. 19-
27, may secure tickets
at a 10% discount if
bought at the A.S.S.U.
office and exchanged at
Sherman Clay & Co.,
Palo Alto, for reserved
seats, before noon, Mon
day, Nov. 18.
Students and Faculty
members desiring to see
the famous Treiburg
Passion Play at the
Geary Theater Nov. 19-
27, may secure tickets
at a 10% discount if
bought at the A.S.S.U.
office and exchanged at
Sherman Clay & Co.,
Palo Alto, for reserved
seats, before noon, Mon
day, Nov. 18.
Students and Faculty
members desiring to see
the famous Treiburg
Passion Play at the
Geary Theater Nov. 19-
27, may secure tickets
at a 10% discount if
bought at the A.S.S.U.
office and exchanged at
Sherman Clay & Co.,
Palo Alto, for reserved
seats, before noon, Mon
day, Nov. 18.
Students and Faculty
members desiring to see
the famous Treiburg
Passion Play at the
Geary Theater Nov. 19-
27, may secure tickets
at a 10% discount if
bought at the A.S.S.U.
office and exchanged at
Sherman Clay & Co.,
Palo Alto, for reserved
seats, before noon, Mon
day, Nov. 18.
Students and Faculty
members desiring to see
the famous Treiburg
Passion Play at the
Geary Theater Nov. 19-
27, may secure tickets
at a 10% discount if
bought at the A.S.S.U.
office and exchanged at
Sherman Clay & Co.,
Palo Alto, for reserved
seats, before noon, Mon
day, Nov. 18.
Students and Faculty
members desiring to see
the famous Treiburg
Passion Play at the
Geary Theater Nov. 19-
27, may secure tickets
at a 10% discount if
bought at the A.S.S.U.
office and exchanged at
Sherman Clay & Co.,
Palo Alto, for reserved
seats, before noon, Mon
day, Nov. 18.
Students and Faculty
members desiring to see
the famous Treiburg
Passion Play at the
Geary Theater Nov. 19-
27, may secure tickets
at a 10% discount if
bought at the A.S.S.U.
office and exchanged at
Sherman Clay & Co.,
Palo Alto, for reserved
seats, before noon, Mon
day, Nov. 18.
Students and Faculty
members desiring to see
the famous Treiburg
Passion Play at the
Geary Theater Nov. 19-
27, may secure tickets
at a 10% discount if
bought at the A.S.S.U.
office and exchanged at
Sherman Clay & Co.,
Palo Alto, for reserved
seats, before noon, Mon
day, Nov. 18.
Students and Faculty
members desiring to see
the famous Treiburg
Passion Play at the
Geary Theater Nov. 19-
27, may secure tickets
at a 10% discount if
bought at the A.S.S.U.
office and exchanged at
Sherman Clay & Co.,
Palo Alto, for reserved
seats, before noon, Mon
day, Nov. 18.
Students and Faculty
members desiring to see
the famous Treiburg
Passion Play at the
Geary Theater Nov. 19-
27, may secure tickets
at a 10% discount if
bought at the A.S.S.U.
office and exchanged at
Sherman Clay & Co.,
Palo Alto, for reserved
seats, before noon, Mon
day, Nov. 18.
Students and Faculty
members desiring to see
the famous Treiburg
Passion Play at the
Geary Theater Nov. 19-
27, may secure tickets
at a 10% discount if
bought at the A.S.S.U.
office and exchanged at
Sherman Clay & Co.,
Palo Alto, for reserved
seats, before noon, Mon
day, Nov. 18.
Students and Faculty
members desiring to see
the famous Treiburg
Passion Play at the
Geary Theater Nov. 19-
27, may secure tickets
at a 10% discount if
bought at the A.S.S.U.
office and exchanged at
Sherman Clay & Co.,
Palo Alto, for reserved
seats, before noon, Mon
day, Nov. 18.
