# THREE SORORITIES TO ENTERTAIN SUNDAY AT LAST TEAS OF SERIES
## 
### 
Alpha Omicron Pi, Delta Delta Delta,
and Pi Beta Phi will give their teas
for the new women next Sunday from
four to six o'clock. These will com
plete the series of teas which are
being given by the sororities, four
houses having entertained last Sun
day and three on the preceding Sun
day.
These teas are the last opportunity
this quarter for the new women and
the sorority women to get acquainted.
The regular rushing periods, as an
nounced by Pan-Hellenic council, will
bo at the beginning of next quarter,
the first period being from January
9 to 12, Thursday to Sunday, and the
second period from January 15 to 19,
which is from Wednesday to Sunday.
Alpha Omicron Pi, Delta Delta Delta,
and Pi Beta Phi will give their teas
for the new women next Sunday from
four to six o'clock. These will com
plete the series of teas which are
being given by the sororities, four
houses having entertained last Sun
day and three on the preceding Sun
day.
These teas are the last opportunity
this quarter for the new women and
the sorority women to get acquainted.
The regular rushing periods, as an
nounced by Pan-Hellenic council, will
bo at the beginning of next quarter,
the first period being from January
9 to 12, Thursday to Sunday, and the
second period from January 15 to 19,
which is from Wednesday to Sunday.
Alpha Omicron Pi, Delta Delta Delta,
and Pi Beta Phi will give their teas
for the new women next Sunday from
four to six o'clock. These will com
plete the series of teas which are
being given by the sororities, four
houses having entertained last Sun
day and three on the preceding Sun
day.
These teas are the last opportunity
this quarter for the new women and
the sorority women to get acquainted.
The regular rushing periods, as an
nounced by Pan-Hellenic council, will
bo at the beginning of next quarter,
the first period being from January
9 to 12, Thursday to Sunday, and the
second period from January 15 to 19,
which is from Wednesday to Sunday.
Alpha Omicron Pi, Delta Delta Delta,
and Pi Beta Phi will give their teas
for the new women next Sunday from
four to six o'clock. These will com
plete the series of teas which are
being given by the sororities, four
houses having entertained last Sun
day and three on the preceding Sun
day.
These teas are the last opportunity
this quarter for the new women and
the sorority women to get acquainted.
The regular rushing periods, as an
nounced by Pan-Hellenic council, will
bo at the beginning of next quarter,
the first period being from January
9 to 12, Thursday to Sunday, and the
second period from January 15 to 19,
which is from Wednesday to Sunday.
Alpha Omicron Pi, Delta Delta Delta,
and Pi Beta Phi will give their teas
for the new women next Sunday from
four to six o'clock. These will com
plete the series of teas which are
being given by the sororities, four
houses having entertained last Sun
day and three on the preceding Sun
day.
These teas are the last opportunity
this quarter for the new women and
the sorority women to get acquainted.
The regular rushing periods, as an
nounced by Pan-Hellenic council, will
bo at the beginning of next quarter,
the first period being from January
9 to 12, Thursday to Sunday, and the
second period from January 15 to 19,
which is from Wednesday to Sunday.
Alpha Omicron Pi, Delta Delta Delta,
and Pi Beta Phi will give their teas
for the new women next Sunday from
four to six o'clock. These will com
plete the series of teas which are
being given by the sororities, four
houses having entertained last Sun
day and three on the preceding Sun
day.
These teas are the last opportunity
this quarter for the new women and
the sorority women to get acquainted.
The regular rushing periods, as an
nounced by Pan-Hellenic council, will
bo at the beginning of next quarter,
the first period being from January
9 to 12, Thursday to Sunday, and the
second period from January 15 to 19,
which is from Wednesday to Sunday.
Alpha Omicron Pi, Delta Delta Delta,
and Pi Beta Phi will give their teas
for the new women next Sunday from
four to six o'clock. These will com
plete the series of teas which are
being given by the sororities, four
houses having entertained last Sun
day and three on the preceding Sun
day.
These teas are the last opportunity
this quarter for the new women and
the sorority women to get acquainted.
The regular rushing periods, as an
nounced by Pan-Hellenic council, will
bo at the beginning of next quarter,
the first period being from January
9 to 12, Thursday to Sunday, and the
second period from January 15 to 19,
which is from Wednesday to Sunday.
Alpha Omicron Pi, Delta Delta Delta,
and Pi Beta Phi will give their teas
for the new women next Sunday from
four to six o'clock. These will com
plete the series of teas which are
being given by the sororities, four
houses having entertained last Sun
day and three on the preceding Sun
day.
These teas are the last opportunity
this quarter for the new women and
the sorority women to get acquainted.
The regular rushing periods, as an
nounced by Pan-Hellenic council, will
bo at the beginning of next quarter,
the first period being from January
9 to 12, Thursday to Sunday, and the
second period from January 15 to 19,
which is from Wednesday to Sunday.
Alpha Omicron Pi, Delta Delta Delta,
and Pi Beta Phi will give their teas
for the new women next Sunday from
four to six o'clock. These will com
plete the series of teas which are
being given by the sororities, four
houses having entertained last Sun
day and three on the preceding Sun
day.
These teas are the last opportunity
this quarter for the new women and
the sorority women to get acquainted.
The regular rushing periods, as an
nounced by Pan-Hellenic council, will
bo at the beginning of next quarter,
the first period being from January
9 to 12, Thursday to Sunday, and the
second period from January 15 to 19,
which is from Wednesday to Sunday.
Alpha Omicron Pi, Delta Delta Delta,
and Pi Beta Phi will give their teas
for the new women next Sunday from
four to six o'clock. These will com
plete the series of teas which are
being given by the sororities, four
houses having entertained last Sun
day and three on the preceding Sun
day.
These teas are the last opportunity
this quarter for the new women and
the sorority women to get acquainted.
The regular rushing periods, as an
nounced by Pan-Hellenic council, will
bo at the beginning of next quarter,
the first period being from January
9 to 12, Thursday to Sunday, and the
second period from January 15 to 19,
which is from Wednesday to Sunday.
Alpha Omicron Pi, Delta Delta Delta,
and Pi Beta Phi will give their teas
for the new women next Sunday from
four to six o'clock. These will com
plete the series of teas which are
being given by the sororities, four
houses having entertained last Sun
day and three on the preceding Sun
day.
These teas are the last opportunity
this quarter for the new women and
the sorority women to get acquainted.
The regular rushing periods, as an
nounced by Pan-Hellenic council, will
bo at the beginning of next quarter,
the first period being from January
9 to 12, Thursday to Sunday, and the
second period from January 15 to 19,
which is from Wednesday to Sunday.
Alpha Omicron Pi, Delta Delta Delta,
and Pi Beta Phi will give their teas
for the new women next Sunday from
four to six o'clock. These will com
plete the series of teas which are
being given by the sororities, four
houses having entertained last Sun
day and three on the preceding Sun
day.
These teas are the last opportunity
this quarter for the new women and
the sorority women to get acquainted.
The regular rushing periods, as an
nounced by Pan-Hellenic council, will
bo at the beginning of next quarter,
the first period being from January
9 to 12, Thursday to Sunday, and the
second period from January 15 to 19,
which is from Wednesday to Sunday.
Alpha Omicron Pi, Delta Delta Delta,
and Pi Beta Phi will give their teas
for the new women next Sunday from
four to six o'clock. These will com
plete the series of teas which are
being given by the sororities, four
houses having entertained last Sun
day and three on the preceding Sun
day.
These teas are the last opportunity
this quarter for the new women and
the sorority women to get acquainted.
The regular rushing periods, as an
nounced by Pan-Hellenic council, will
bo at the beginning of next quarter,
the first period being from January
9 to 12, Thursday to Sunday, and the
second period from January 15 to 19,
which is from Wednesday to Sunday.
Alpha Omicron Pi, Delta Delta Delta,
and Pi Beta Phi will give their teas
for the new women next Sunday from
four to six o'clock. These will com
plete the series of teas which are
being given by the sororities, four
houses having entertained last Sun
day and three on the preceding Sun
day.
These teas are the last opportunity
this quarter for the new women and
the sorority women to get acquainted.
The regular rushing periods, as an
nounced by Pan-Hellenic council, will
bo at the beginning of next quarter,
the first period being from January
9 to 12, Thursday to Sunday, and the
second period from January 15 to 19,
which is from Wednesday to Sunday.
Alpha Omicron Pi, Delta Delta Delta,
and Pi Beta Phi will give their teas
for the new women next Sunday from
four to six o'clock. These will com
plete the series of teas which are
being given by the sororities, four
houses having entertained last Sun
day and three on the preceding Sun
day.
These teas are the last opportunity
this quarter for the new women and
the sorority women to get acquainted.
The regular rushing periods, as an
nounced by Pan-Hellenic council, will
bo at the beginning of next quarter,
the first period being from January
9 to 12, Thursday to Sunday, and the
second period from January 15 to 19,
which is from Wednesday to Sunday.
Alpha Omicron Pi, Delta Delta Delta,
and Pi Beta Phi will give their teas
for the new women next Sunday from
four to six o'clock. These will com
plete the series of teas which are
being given by the sororities, four
houses having entertained last Sun
day and three on the preceding Sun
day.
These teas are the last opportunity
this quarter for the new women and
the sorority women to get acquainted.
The regular rushing periods, as an
nounced by Pan-Hellenic council, will
bo at the beginning of next quarter,
the first period being from January
9 to 12, Thursday to Sunday, and the
second period from January 15 to 19,
which is from Wednesday to Sunday.
Alpha Omicron Pi, Delta Delta Delta,
and Pi Beta Phi will give their teas
for the new women next Sunday from
four to six o'clock. These will com
plete the series of teas which are
being given by the sororities, four
houses having entertained last Sun
day and three on the preceding Sun
day.
These teas are the last opportunity
this quarter for the new women and
the sorority women to get acquainted.
The regular rushing periods, as an
nounced by Pan-Hellenic council, will
bo at the beginning of next quarter,
the first period being from January
9 to 12, Thursday to Sunday, and the
second period from January 15 to 19,
which is from Wednesday to Sunday.
