# College Students To Try For Rhodes Scholarships
## 
### 
LONG BEACH, Nov. 14. (/P)—Twen
ty-three college students will compete
at Los Angeles on December 7 for the
two Cecil Rhodes Scholarships at Ox-,
ford University, England, offered an
nually to American collegians, it was
announced today.
The examinations which will be di
rected by Farnham P. Griffiths of San
Francisco provide the winners with
two years of study at Oxford begin
ning next October.
LONG BEACH, Nov. 14. (/P)—Twen
ty-three college students will compete
at Los Angeles on December 7 for the
two Cecil Rhodes Scholarships at Ox-,
ford University, England, offered an
nually to American collegians, it was
announced today.
The examinations which will be di
rected by Farnham P. Griffiths of San
Francisco provide the winners with
two years of study at Oxford begin
ning next October.
LONG BEACH, Nov. 14. (/P)—Twen
ty-three college students will compete
at Los Angeles on December 7 for the
two Cecil Rhodes Scholarships at Ox-,
ford University, England, offered an
nually to American collegians, it was
announced today.
The examinations which will be di
rected by Farnham P. Griffiths of San
Francisco provide the winners with
two years of study at Oxford begin
ning next October.
LONG BEACH, Nov. 14. (/P)—Twen
ty-three college students will compete
at Los Angeles on December 7 for the
two Cecil Rhodes Scholarships at Ox-,
ford University, England, offered an
nually to American collegians, it was
announced today.
The examinations which will be di
rected by Farnham P. Griffiths of San
Francisco provide the winners with
two years of study at Oxford begin
ning next October.
LONG BEACH, Nov. 14. (/P)—Twen
ty-three college students will compete
at Los Angeles on December 7 for the
two Cecil Rhodes Scholarships at Ox-,
ford University, England, offered an
nually to American collegians, it was
announced today.
The examinations which will be di
rected by Farnham P. Griffiths of San
Francisco provide the winners with
two years of study at Oxford begin
ning next October.
LONG BEACH, Nov. 14. (/P)—Twen
ty-three college students will compete
at Los Angeles on December 7 for the
two Cecil Rhodes Scholarships at Ox-,
ford University, England, offered an
nually to American collegians, it was
announced today.
The examinations which will be di
rected by Farnham P. Griffiths of San
Francisco provide the winners with
two years of study at Oxford begin
ning next October.
LONG BEACH, Nov. 14. (/P)—Twen
ty-three college students will compete
at Los Angeles on December 7 for the
two Cecil Rhodes Scholarships at Ox-,
ford University, England, offered an
nually to American collegians, it was
announced today.
The examinations which will be di
rected by Farnham P. Griffiths of San
Francisco provide the winners with
two years of study at Oxford begin
ning next October.
LONG BEACH, Nov. 14. (/P)—Twen
ty-three college students will compete
at Los Angeles on December 7 for the
two Cecil Rhodes Scholarships at Ox-,
ford University, England, offered an
nually to American collegians, it was
announced today.
The examinations which will be di
rected by Farnham P. Griffiths of San
Francisco provide the winners with
two years of study at Oxford begin
ning next October.
LONG BEACH, Nov. 14. (/P)—Twen
ty-three college students will compete
at Los Angeles on December 7 for the
two Cecil Rhodes Scholarships at Ox-,
ford University, England, offered an
nually to American collegians, it was
announced today.
The examinations which will be di
rected by Farnham P. Griffiths of San
Francisco provide the winners with
two years of study at Oxford begin
ning next October.
LONG BEACH, Nov. 14. (/P)—Twen
ty-three college students will compete
at Los Angeles on December 7 for the
two Cecil Rhodes Scholarships at Ox-,
ford University, England, offered an
nually to American collegians, it was
announced today.
The examinations which will be di
rected by Farnham P. Griffiths of San
Francisco provide the winners with
two years of study at Oxford begin
ning next October.
LONG BEACH, Nov. 14. (/P)—Twen
ty-three college students will compete
at Los Angeles on December 7 for the
two Cecil Rhodes Scholarships at Ox-,
ford University, England, offered an
nually to American collegians, it was
announced today.
The examinations which will be di
rected by Farnham P. Griffiths of San
Francisco provide the winners with
two years of study at Oxford begin
ning next October.
LONG BEACH, Nov. 14. (/P)—Twen
ty-three college students will compete
at Los Angeles on December 7 for the
two Cecil Rhodes Scholarships at Ox-,
ford University, England, offered an
nually to American collegians, it was
announced today.
The examinations which will be di
rected by Farnham P. Griffiths of San
Francisco provide the winners with
two years of study at Oxford begin
ning next October.
LONG BEACH, Nov. 14. (/P)—Twen
ty-three college students will compete
at Los Angeles on December 7 for the
two Cecil Rhodes Scholarships at Ox-,
ford University, England, offered an
nually to American collegians, it was
announced today.
The examinations which will be di
rected by Farnham P. Griffiths of San
Francisco provide the winners with
two years of study at Oxford begin
ning next October.
LONG BEACH, Nov. 14. (/P)—Twen
ty-three college students will compete
at Los Angeles on December 7 for the
two Cecil Rhodes Scholarships at Ox-,
ford University, England, offered an
nually to American collegians, it was
announced today.
The examinations which will be di
rected by Farnham P. Griffiths of San
Francisco provide the winners with
two years of study at Oxford begin
ning next October.
LONG BEACH, Nov. 14. (/P)—Twen
ty-three college students will compete
at Los Angeles on December 7 for the
two Cecil Rhodes Scholarships at Ox-,
ford University, England, offered an
nually to American collegians, it was
announced today.
The examinations which will be di
rected by Farnham P. Griffiths of San
Francisco provide the winners with
two years of study at Oxford begin
ning next October.
LONG BEACH, Nov. 14. (/P)—Twen
ty-three college students will compete
at Los Angeles on December 7 for the
two Cecil Rhodes Scholarships at Ox-,
ford University, England, offered an
nually to American collegians, it was
announced today.
The examinations which will be di
rected by Farnham P. Griffiths of San
Francisco provide the winners with
two years of study at Oxford begin
ning next October.
LONG BEACH, Nov. 14. (/P)—Twen
ty-three college students will compete
at Los Angeles on December 7 for the
two Cecil Rhodes Scholarships at Ox-,
ford University, England, offered an
nually to American collegians, it was
announced today.
The examinations which will be di
rected by Farnham P. Griffiths of San
Francisco provide the winners with
two years of study at Oxford begin
ning next October.
