# Hilarious Smoker Enjoyed By Chemistry Fraternity
## 
### 
A hilarious program featured the Phi
Upsilon smoker in the Old Un
ion last night.
Dr. Robert E. Swain related the past
history of the chemistry department. A
vaudeville team kept the audience in an
uproar and several musical selections
were enjoyed. Ralph Bell, at the piano,
played several of his own compositions.
Smokes, cider, pretzels, and doughnuts
were served to a crowd of seventy-five.
A hilarious program featured the Phi
Upsilon smoker in the Old Un
ion last night.
Dr. Robert E. Swain related the past
history of the chemistry department. A
vaudeville team kept the audience in an
uproar and several musical selections
were enjoyed. Ralph Bell, at the piano,
played several of his own compositions.
Smokes, cider, pretzels, and doughnuts
were served to a crowd of seventy-five.
A hilarious program featured the Phi
Upsilon smoker in the Old Un
ion last night.
Dr. Robert E. Swain related the past
history of the chemistry department. A
vaudeville team kept the audience in an
uproar and several musical selections
were enjoyed. Ralph Bell, at the piano,
played several of his own compositions.
Smokes, cider, pretzels, and doughnuts
were served to a crowd of seventy-five.
A hilarious program featured the Phi
Upsilon smoker in the Old Un
ion last night.
Dr. Robert E. Swain related the past
history of the chemistry department. A
vaudeville team kept the audience in an
uproar and several musical selections
were enjoyed. Ralph Bell, at the piano,
played several of his own compositions.
Smokes, cider, pretzels, and doughnuts
were served to a crowd of seventy-five.
A hilarious program featured the Phi
Upsilon smoker in the Old Un
ion last night.
Dr. Robert E. Swain related the past
history of the chemistry department. A
vaudeville team kept the audience in an
uproar and several musical selections
were enjoyed. Ralph Bell, at the piano,
played several of his own compositions.
Smokes, cider, pretzels, and doughnuts
were served to a crowd of seventy-five.
A hilarious program featured the Phi
Upsilon smoker in the Old Un
ion last night.
Dr. Robert E. Swain related the past
history of the chemistry department. A
vaudeville team kept the audience in an
uproar and several musical selections
were enjoyed. Ralph Bell, at the piano,
played several of his own compositions.
Smokes, cider, pretzels, and doughnuts
were served to a crowd of seventy-five.
A hilarious program featured the Phi
Upsilon smoker in the Old Un
ion last night.
Dr. Robert E. Swain related the past
history of the chemistry department. A
vaudeville team kept the audience in an
uproar and several musical selections
were enjoyed. Ralph Bell, at the piano,
played several of his own compositions.
Smokes, cider, pretzels, and doughnuts
were served to a crowd of seventy-five.
A hilarious program featured the Phi
Upsilon smoker in the Old Un
ion last night.
Dr. Robert E. Swain related the past
history of the chemistry department. A
vaudeville team kept the audience in an
uproar and several musical selections
were enjoyed. Ralph Bell, at the piano,
played several of his own compositions.
Smokes, cider, pretzels, and doughnuts
were served to a crowd of seventy-five.
A hilarious program featured the Phi
Upsilon smoker in the Old Un
ion last night.
Dr. Robert E. Swain related the past
history of the chemistry department. A
vaudeville team kept the audience in an
uproar and several musical selections
were enjoyed. Ralph Bell, at the piano,
played several of his own compositions.
Smokes, cider, pretzels, and doughnuts
were served to a crowd of seventy-five.
A hilarious program featured the Phi
Upsilon smoker in the Old Un
ion last night.
Dr. Robert E. Swain related the past
history of the chemistry department. A
vaudeville team kept the audience in an
uproar and several musical selections
were enjoyed. Ralph Bell, at the piano,
played several of his own compositions.
Smokes, cider, pretzels, and doughnuts
were served to a crowd of seventy-five.
A hilarious program featured the Phi
Upsilon smoker in the Old Un
ion last night.
Dr. Robert E. Swain related the past
history of the chemistry department. A
vaudeville team kept the audience in an
uproar and several musical selections
were enjoyed. Ralph Bell, at the piano,
played several of his own compositions.
Smokes, cider, pretzels, and doughnuts
were served to a crowd of seventy-five.
A hilarious program featured the Phi
Upsilon smoker in the Old Un
ion last night.
Dr. Robert E. Swain related the past
history of the chemistry department. A
vaudeville team kept the audience in an
uproar and several musical selections
were enjoyed. Ralph Bell, at the piano,
played several of his own compositions.
Smokes, cider, pretzels, and doughnuts
were served to a crowd of seventy-five.
A hilarious program featured the Phi
Upsilon smoker in the Old Un
ion last night.
Dr. Robert E. Swain related the past
history of the chemistry department. A
vaudeville team kept the audience in an
uproar and several musical selections
were enjoyed. Ralph Bell, at the piano,
played several of his own compositions.
Smokes, cider, pretzels, and doughnuts
were served to a crowd of seventy-five.
A hilarious program featured the Phi
Upsilon smoker in the Old Un
ion last night.
Dr. Robert E. Swain related the past
history of the chemistry department. A
vaudeville team kept the audience in an
uproar and several musical selections
were enjoyed. Ralph Bell, at the piano,
played several of his own compositions.
Smokes, cider, pretzels, and doughnuts
were served to a crowd of seventy-five.
A hilarious program featured the Phi
Upsilon smoker in the Old Un
ion last night.
Dr. Robert E. Swain related the past
history of the chemistry department. A
vaudeville team kept the audience in an
uproar and several musical selections
were enjoyed. Ralph Bell, at the piano,
played several of his own compositions.
Smokes, cider, pretzels, and doughnuts
were served to a crowd of seventy-five.
A hilarious program featured the Phi
Upsilon smoker in the Old Un
ion last night.
Dr. Robert E. Swain related the past
history of the chemistry department. A
vaudeville team kept the audience in an
uproar and several musical selections
were enjoyed. Ralph Bell, at the piano,
played several of his own compositions.
Smokes, cider, pretzels, and doughnuts
were served to a crowd of seventy-five.
A hilarious program featured the Phi
Upsilon smoker in the Old Un
ion last night.
Dr. Robert E. Swain related the past
history of the chemistry department. A
vaudeville team kept the audience in an
uproar and several musical selections
were enjoyed. Ralph Bell, at the piano,
played several of his own compositions.
Smokes, cider, pretzels, and doughnuts
were served to a crowd of seventy-five.
