# TOLMAN TO SPEAK
## 
### 
Frank B. Tolman, son of Professor
lolman, and W. R. Landwehr will
speak at the regular weekly meeting
of the Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon.
Frank B. Tolman, son of Professor
lolman, and W. R. Landwehr will
speak at the regular weekly meeting
of the Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon.
Frank B. Tolman, son of Professor
lolman, and W. R. Landwehr will
speak at the regular weekly meeting
of the Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon.
Frank B. Tolman, son of Professor
lolman, and W. R. Landwehr will
speak at the regular weekly meeting
of the Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon.
Frank B. Tolman, son of Professor
lolman, and W. R. Landwehr will
speak at the regular weekly meeting
of the Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon.
Frank B. Tolman, son of Professor
lolman, and W. R. Landwehr will
speak at the regular weekly meeting
of the Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon.
Frank B. Tolman, son of Professor
lolman, and W. R. Landwehr will
speak at the regular weekly meeting
of the Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon.
Frank B. Tolman, son of Professor
lolman, and W. R. Landwehr will
speak at the regular weekly meeting
of the Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon.
Frank B. Tolman, son of Professor
lolman, and W. R. Landwehr will
speak at the regular weekly meeting
of the Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon.
Frank B. Tolman, son of Professor
lolman, and W. R. Landwehr will
speak at the regular weekly meeting
of the Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon.
Frank B. Tolman, son of Professor
lolman, and W. R. Landwehr will
speak at the regular weekly meeting
of the Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon.
Frank B. Tolman, son of Professor
lolman, and W. R. Landwehr will
speak at the regular weekly meeting
of the Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon.
Frank B. Tolman, son of Professor
lolman, and W. R. Landwehr will
speak at the regular weekly meeting
of the Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon.
Frank B. Tolman, son of Professor
lolman, and W. R. Landwehr will
speak at the regular weekly meeting
of the Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon.
Frank B. Tolman, son of Professor
lolman, and W. R. Landwehr will
speak at the regular weekly meeting
of the Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon.
Frank B. Tolman, son of Professor
lolman, and W. R. Landwehr will
speak at the regular weekly meeting
of the Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon.
Frank B. Tolman, son of Professor
lolman, and W. R. Landwehr will
speak at the regular weekly meeting
of the Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon.
