# TWENTY-FIVE YEARS AGO TODAY AT STANFORD
## 
### 
The gross receipts from the Big
Game were considerably larger than
any previous game between Stanford
and California and exceeded the re
ceipts of the previous year by $GOOO.
The total amount taken in was $30,308
and Stanford's share was approxi
mately $14,000.
The veneral subject of the annual
Carnot debate»was announced as "The
Relations of Church and State in
France since 1801." Tryouts for the
debate were to be held sometime in
January.
The foundations for the new Library
building across the oval from the
Chemistry building were completed.
The laying of the cornerstone was to
be delayed a week till the return of

Mrs. Stanford to the campus.
Luther P. Burbank, famous botanist,
delivered two lectures to professors
and graduates of the departments of
Zoology and Botany on the subject,
"Heredity and Plant Breeding." Part
of the lectures covered the results of
his various experiments on hybridiza
tion.
A letter was received from the de
bate manager of the University of
Nevada accepting the challenge of the
Stanford debaters and asking Stan
ford to name the subject, time, and
place.
College Notes: Cornell returned to
the proctor Bystem in its examina
tions as the honor system was con
sidered a distinct failure.
The gross receipts from the Big
Game were considerably larger than
any previous game between Stanford
and California and exceeded the re
ceipts of the previous year by $GOOO.
The total amount taken in was $30,308
and Stanford's share was approxi
mately $14,000.
The veneral subject of the annual
Carnot debate»was announced as "The
Relations of Church and State in
France since 1801." Tryouts for the
debate were to be held sometime in
January.
The foundations for the new Library
building across the oval from the
Chemistry building were completed.
The laying of the cornerstone was to
be delayed a week till the return of

Mrs. Stanford to the campus.
Luther P. Burbank, famous botanist,
delivered two lectures to professors
and graduates of the departments of
Zoology and Botany on the subject,
"Heredity and Plant Breeding." Part
of the lectures covered the results of
his various experiments on hybridiza
tion.
A letter was received from the de
bate manager of the University of
Nevada accepting the challenge of the
Stanford debaters and asking Stan
ford to name the subject, time, and
place.
College Notes: Cornell returned to
the proctor Bystem in its examina
tions as the honor system was con
sidered a distinct failure.
The gross receipts from the Big
Game were considerably larger than
any previous game between Stanford
and California and exceeded the re
ceipts of the previous year by $GOOO.
The total amount taken in was $30,308
and Stanford's share was approxi
mately $14,000.
The veneral subject of the annual
Carnot debate»was announced as "The
Relations of Church and State in
France since 1801." Tryouts for the
debate were to be held sometime in
January.
The foundations for the new Library
building across the oval from the
Chemistry building were completed.
The laying of the cornerstone was to
be delayed a week till the return of

Mrs. Stanford to the campus.
Luther P. Burbank, famous botanist,
delivered two lectures to professors
and graduates of the departments of
Zoology and Botany on the subject,
"Heredity and Plant Breeding." Part
of the lectures covered the results of
his various experiments on hybridiza
tion.
A letter was received from the de
bate manager of the University of
Nevada accepting the challenge of the
Stanford debaters and asking Stan
ford to name the subject, time, and
place.
College Notes: Cornell returned to
the proctor Bystem in its examina
tions as the honor system was con
sidered a distinct failure.
The gross receipts from the Big
Game were considerably larger than
any previous game between Stanford
and California and exceeded the re
ceipts of the previous year by $GOOO.
The total amount taken in was $30,308
and Stanford's share was approxi
mately $14,000.
The veneral subject of the annual
Carnot debate»was announced as "The
Relations of Church and State in
France since 1801." Tryouts for the
debate were to be held sometime in
January.
The foundations for the new Library
building across the oval from the
Chemistry building were completed.
The laying of the cornerstone was to
be delayed a week till the return of

Mrs. Stanford to the campus.
Luther P. Burbank, famous botanist,
delivered two lectures to professors
and graduates of the departments of
Zoology and Botany on the subject,
"Heredity and Plant Breeding." Part
of the lectures covered the results of
his various experiments on hybridiza
tion.
A letter was received from the de
bate manager of the University of
Nevada accepting the challenge of the
Stanford debaters and asking Stan
ford to name the subject, time, and
place.
College Notes: Cornell returned to
the proctor Bystem in its examina
tions as the honor system was con
sidered a distinct failure.
The gross receipts from the Big
Game were considerably larger than
any previous game between Stanford
and California and exceeded the re
ceipts of the previous year by $GOOO.
The total amount taken in was $30,308
and Stanford's share was approxi
mately $14,000.
The veneral subject of the annual
Carnot debate»was announced as "The
Relations of Church and State in
France since 1801." Tryouts for the
debate were to be held sometime in
January.
The foundations for the new Library
building across the oval from the
Chemistry building were completed.
The laying of the cornerstone was to
be delayed a week till the return of

Mrs. Stanford to the campus.
Luther P. Burbank, famous botanist,
delivered two lectures to professors
and graduates of the departments of
Zoology and Botany on the subject,
"Heredity and Plant Breeding." Part
of the lectures covered the results of
his various experiments on hybridiza
tion.
A letter was received from the de
bate manager of the University of
Nevada accepting the challenge of the
Stanford debaters and asking Stan
ford to name the subject, time, and
place.
College Notes: Cornell returned to
the proctor Bystem in its examina
tions as the honor system was con
sidered a distinct failure.
The gross receipts from the Big
Game were considerably larger than
any previous game between Stanford
and California and exceeded the re
ceipts of the previous year by $GOOO.
The total amount taken in was $30,308
and Stanford's share was approxi
mately $14,000.
The veneral subject of the annual
Carnot debate»was announced as "The
Relations of Church and State in
France since 1801." Tryouts for the
debate were to be held sometime in
January.
The foundations for the new Library
building across the oval from the
Chemistry building were completed.
The laying of the cornerstone was to
be delayed a week till the return of

Mrs. Stanford to the campus.
Luther P. Burbank, famous botanist,
delivered two lectures to professors
and graduates of the departments of
Zoology and Botany on the subject,
"Heredity and Plant Breeding." Part
of the lectures covered the results of
his various experiments on hybridiza
tion.
A letter was received from the de
bate manager of the University of
Nevada accepting the challenge of the
Stanford debaters and asking Stan
ford to name the subject, time, and
place.
College Notes: Cornell returned to
the proctor Bystem in its examina
tions as the honor system was con
sidered a distinct failure.
The gross receipts from the Big
Game were considerably larger than
any previous game between Stanford
and California and exceeded the re
ceipts of the previous year by $GOOO.
The total amount taken in was $30,308
and Stanford's share was approxi
mately $14,000.
The veneral subject of the annual
Carnot debate»was announced as "The
Relations of Church and State in
France since 1801." Tryouts for the
debate were to be held sometime in
January.
The foundations for the new Library
building across the oval from the
Chemistry building were completed.
The laying of the cornerstone was to
be delayed a week till the return of

Mrs. Stanford to the campus.
Luther P. Burbank, famous botanist,
delivered two lectures to professors
and graduates of the departments of
Zoology and Botany on the subject,
"Heredity and Plant Breeding." Part
of the lectures covered the results of
his various experiments on hybridiza
tion.
A letter was received from the de
bate manager of the University of
Nevada accepting the challenge of the
Stanford debaters and asking Stan
ford to name the subject, time, and
place.
College Notes: Cornell returned to
the proctor Bystem in its examina
tions as the honor system was con
sidered a distinct failure.
The gross receipts from the Big
Game were considerably larger than
any previous game between Stanford
and California and exceeded the re
ceipts of the previous year by $GOOO.
The total amount taken in was $30,308
and Stanford's share was approxi
mately $14,000.
The veneral subject of the annual
Carnot debate»was announced as "The
Relations of Church and State in
France since 1801." Tryouts for the
debate were to be held sometime in
January.
The foundations for the new Library
building across the oval from the
Chemistry building were completed.
The laying of the cornerstone was to
be delayed a week till the return of

Mrs. Stanford to the campus.
Luther P. Burbank, famous botanist,
delivered two lectures to professors
and graduates of the departments of
Zoology and Botany on the subject,
"Heredity and Plant Breeding." Part
of the lectures covered the results of
his various experiments on hybridiza
tion.
A letter was received from the de
bate manager of the University of
Nevada accepting the challenge of the
Stanford debaters and asking Stan
ford to name the subject, time, and
place.
College Notes: Cornell returned to
the proctor Bystem in its examina
tions as the honor system was con
sidered a distinct failure.
The gross receipts from the Big
Game were considerably larger than
any previous game between Stanford
and California and exceeded the re
ceipts of the previous year by $GOOO.
The total amount taken in was $30,308
and Stanford's share was approxi
mately $14,000.
The veneral subject of the annual
Carnot debate»was announced as "The
Relations of Church and State in
France since 1801." Tryouts for the
debate were to be held sometime in
January.
The foundations for the new Library
building across the oval from the
Chemistry building were completed.
The laying of the cornerstone was to
be delayed a week till the return of

Mrs. Stanford to the campus.
Luther P. Burbank, famous botanist,
delivered two lectures to professors
and graduates of the departments of
Zoology and Botany on the subject,
"Heredity and Plant Breeding." Part
of the lectures covered the results of
his various experiments on hybridiza
tion.
A letter was received from the de
bate manager of the University of
Nevada accepting the challenge of the
Stanford debaters and asking Stan
ford to name the subject, time, and
place.
College Notes: Cornell returned to
the proctor Bystem in its examina
tions as the honor system was con
sidered a distinct failure.
The gross receipts from the Big
Game were considerably larger than
any previous game between Stanford
and California and exceeded the re
ceipts of the previous year by $GOOO.
The total amount taken in was $30,308
and Stanford's share was approxi
mately $14,000.
The veneral subject of the annual
Carnot debate»was announced as "The
Relations of Church and State in
France since 1801." Tryouts for the
debate were to be held sometime in
January.
The foundations for the new Library
building across the oval from the
Chemistry building were completed.
The laying of the cornerstone was to
be delayed a week till the return of

Mrs. Stanford to the campus.
Luther P. Burbank, famous botanist,
delivered two lectures to professors
and graduates of the departments of
Zoology and Botany on the subject,
"Heredity and Plant Breeding." Part
of the lectures covered the results of
his various experiments on hybridiza
tion.
A letter was received from the de
bate manager of the University of
Nevada accepting the challenge of the
Stanford debaters and asking Stan
ford to name the subject, time, and
place.
College Notes: Cornell returned to
the proctor Bystem in its examina
tions as the honor system was con
sidered a distinct failure.
The gross receipts from the Big
Game were considerably larger than
any previous game between Stanford
and California and exceeded the re
ceipts of the previous year by $GOOO.
The total amount taken in was $30,308
and Stanford's share was approxi
mately $14,000.
The veneral subject of the annual
Carnot debate»was announced as "The
Relations of Church and State in
France since 1801." Tryouts for the
debate were to be held sometime in
January.
The foundations for the new Library
building across the oval from the
Chemistry building were completed.
The laying of the cornerstone was to
be delayed a week till the return of

Mrs. Stanford to the campus.
Luther P. Burbank, famous botanist,
delivered two lectures to professors
and graduates of the departments of
Zoology and Botany on the subject,
"Heredity and Plant Breeding." Part
of the lectures covered the results of
his various experiments on hybridiza
tion.
A letter was received from the de
bate manager of the University of
Nevada accepting the challenge of the
Stanford debaters and asking Stan
ford to name the subject, time, and
place.
College Notes: Cornell returned to
the proctor Bystem in its examina
tions as the honor system was con
sidered a distinct failure.
The gross receipts from the Big
Game were considerably larger than
any previous game between Stanford
and California and exceeded the re
ceipts of the previous year by $GOOO.
The total amount taken in was $30,308
and Stanford's share was approxi
mately $14,000.
The veneral subject of the annual
Carnot debate»was announced as "The
Relations of Church and State in
France since 1801." Tryouts for the
debate were to be held sometime in
January.
The foundations for the new Library
building across the oval from the
Chemistry building were completed.
The laying of the cornerstone was to
be delayed a week till the return of

Mrs. Stanford to the campus.
Luther P. Burbank, famous botanist,
delivered two lectures to professors
and graduates of the departments of
Zoology and Botany on the subject,
"Heredity and Plant Breeding." Part
of the lectures covered the results of
his various experiments on hybridiza
tion.
A letter was received from the de
bate manager of the University of
Nevada accepting the challenge of the
Stanford debaters and asking Stan
ford to name the subject, time, and
place.
College Notes: Cornell returned to
the proctor Bystem in its examina
tions as the honor system was con
sidered a distinct failure.
The gross receipts from the Big
Game were considerably larger than
any previous game between Stanford
and California and exceeded the re
ceipts of the previous year by $GOOO.
The total amount taken in was $30,308
and Stanford's share was approxi
mately $14,000.
The veneral subject of the annual
Carnot debate»was announced as "The
Relations of Church and State in
France since 1801." Tryouts for the
debate were to be held sometime in
January.
The foundations for the new Library
building across the oval from the
Chemistry building were completed.
The laying of the cornerstone was to
be delayed a week till the return of

Mrs. Stanford to the campus.
Luther P. Burbank, famous botanist,
delivered two lectures to professors
and graduates of the departments of
Zoology and Botany on the subject,
"Heredity and Plant Breeding." Part
of the lectures covered the results of
his various experiments on hybridiza
tion.
A letter was received from the de
bate manager of the University of
Nevada accepting the challenge of the
Stanford debaters and asking Stan
ford to name the subject, time, and
place.
College Notes: Cornell returned to
the proctor Bystem in its examina
tions as the honor system was con
sidered a distinct failure.
The gross receipts from the Big
Game were considerably larger than
any previous game between Stanford
and California and exceeded the re
ceipts of the previous year by $GOOO.
The total amount taken in was $30,308
and Stanford's share was approxi
mately $14,000.
The veneral subject of the annual
Carnot debate»was announced as "The
Relations of Church and State in
France since 1801." Tryouts for the
debate were to be held sometime in
January.
The foundations for the new Library
building across the oval from the
Chemistry building were completed.
The laying of the cornerstone was to
be delayed a week till the return of

Mrs. Stanford to the campus.
Luther P. Burbank, famous botanist,
delivered two lectures to professors
and graduates of the departments of
Zoology and Botany on the subject,
"Heredity and Plant Breeding." Part
of the lectures covered the results of
his various experiments on hybridiza
tion.
A letter was received from the de
bate manager of the University of
Nevada accepting the challenge of the
Stanford debaters and asking Stan
ford to name the subject, time, and
place.
College Notes: Cornell returned to
the proctor Bystem in its examina
tions as the honor system was con
sidered a distinct failure.
The gross receipts from the Big
Game were considerably larger than
any previous game between Stanford
and California and exceeded the re
ceipts of the previous year by $GOOO.
The total amount taken in was $30,308
and Stanford's share was approxi
mately $14,000.
The veneral subject of the annual
Carnot debate»was announced as "The
Relations of Church and State in
France since 1801." Tryouts for the
debate were to be held sometime in
January.
The foundations for the new Library
building across the oval from the
Chemistry building were completed.
The laying of the cornerstone was to
be delayed a week till the return of

Mrs. Stanford to the campus.
Luther P. Burbank, famous botanist,
delivered two lectures to professors
and graduates of the departments of
Zoology and Botany on the subject,
"Heredity and Plant Breeding." Part
of the lectures covered the results of
his various experiments on hybridiza
tion.
A letter was received from the de
bate manager of the University of
Nevada accepting the challenge of the
Stanford debaters and asking Stan
ford to name the subject, time, and
place.
College Notes: Cornell returned to
the proctor Bystem in its examina
tions as the honor system was con
sidered a distinct failure.
The gross receipts from the Big
Game were considerably larger than
any previous game between Stanford
and California and exceeded the re
ceipts of the previous year by $GOOO.
The total amount taken in was $30,308
and Stanford's share was approxi
mately $14,000.
The veneral subject of the annual
Carnot debate»was announced as "The
Relations of Church and State in
France since 1801." Tryouts for the
debate were to be held sometime in
January.
The foundations for the new Library
building across the oval from the
Chemistry building were completed.
The laying of the cornerstone was to
be delayed a week till the return of

Mrs. Stanford to the campus.
Luther P. Burbank, famous botanist,
delivered two lectures to professors
and graduates of the departments of
Zoology and Botany on the subject,
"Heredity and Plant Breeding." Part
of the lectures covered the results of
his various experiments on hybridiza
tion.
A letter was received from the de
bate manager of the University of
Nevada accepting the challenge of the
Stanford debaters and asking Stan
ford to name the subject, time, and
place.
College Notes: Cornell returned to
the proctor Bystem in its examina
tions as the honor system was con
sidered a distinct failure.
The gross receipts from the Big
Game were considerably larger than
any previous game between Stanford
and California and exceeded the re
ceipts of the previous year by $GOOO.
The total amount taken in was $30,308
and Stanford's share was approxi
mately $14,000.
The veneral subject of the annual
Carnot debate»was announced as "The
Relations of Church and State in
France since 1801." Tryouts for the
debate were to be held sometime in
January.
The foundations for the new Library
building across the oval from the
Chemistry building were completed.
The laying of the cornerstone was to
be delayed a week till the return of

Mrs. Stanford to the campus.
Luther P. Burbank, famous botanist,
delivered two lectures to professors
and graduates of the departments of
Zoology and Botany on the subject,
"Heredity and Plant Breeding." Part
of the lectures covered the results of
his various experiments on hybridiza
tion.
A letter was received from the de
bate manager of the University of
Nevada accepting the challenge of the
Stanford debaters and asking Stan
ford to name the subject, time, and
place.
College Notes: Cornell returned to
the proctor Bystem in its examina
tions as the honor system was con
sidered a distinct failure.
