# Untitled Article
## 
### 
For the benefit of law majors it is
announced that the California Civil
Codes are now ready for distribution.
Four more sets will follow at inter
vals of one month.
For the benefit of law majors it is
announced that the California Civil
Codes are now ready for distribution.
Four more sets will follow at inter
vals of one month.
For the benefit of law majors it is
announced that the California Civil
Codes are now ready for distribution.
Four more sets will follow at inter
vals of one month.
For the benefit of law majors it is
announced that the California Civil
Codes are now ready for distribution.
Four more sets will follow at inter
vals of one month.
For the benefit of law majors it is
announced that the California Civil
Codes are now ready for distribution.
Four more sets will follow at inter
vals of one month.
For the benefit of law majors it is
announced that the California Civil
Codes are now ready for distribution.
Four more sets will follow at inter
vals of one month.
For the benefit of law majors it is
announced that the California Civil
Codes are now ready for distribution.
Four more sets will follow at inter
vals of one month.
For the benefit of law majors it is
announced that the California Civil
Codes are now ready for distribution.
Four more sets will follow at inter
vals of one month.
For the benefit of law majors it is
announced that the California Civil
Codes are now ready for distribution.
Four more sets will follow at inter
vals of one month.
For the benefit of law majors it is
announced that the California Civil
Codes are now ready for distribution.
Four more sets will follow at inter
vals of one month.
For the benefit of law majors it is
announced that the California Civil
Codes are now ready for distribution.
Four more sets will follow at inter
vals of one month.
For the benefit of law majors it is
announced that the California Civil
Codes are now ready for distribution.
Four more sets will follow at inter
vals of one month.
For the benefit of law majors it is
announced that the California Civil
Codes are now ready for distribution.
Four more sets will follow at inter
vals of one month.
