# FIRST INJURY OF SEASON ON CALIFORNIA GRIDIRON
## 
### 
The first serious injury of the Amer
ican football season at the University
of California occurred in last Satur
day's gains between the California
varsity and the Olympic Club, when
Alfred L. Maguire broke his ankle. At
the beginning of the third quarter Ma
guire was tackled hard by the com
bined back field of the Club after
plunging through the line for a short
gain. Then he was helped off the field
and taken to the student infirmary,
being unable to walk. Trainer Volz
claims his injury is not serious.
The first serious injury of the Amer
ican football season at the University
of California occurred in last Satur
day's gains between the California
varsity and the Olympic Club, when
Alfred L. Maguire broke his ankle. At
the beginning of the third quarter Ma
guire was tackled hard by the com
bined back field of the Club after
plunging through the line for a short
gain. Then he was helped off the field
and taken to the student infirmary,
being unable to walk. Trainer Volz
claims his injury is not serious.
The first serious injury of the Amer
ican football season at the University
of California occurred in last Satur
day's gains between the California
varsity and the Olympic Club, when
Alfred L. Maguire broke his ankle. At
the beginning of the third quarter Ma
guire was tackled hard by the com
bined back field of the Club after
plunging through the line for a short
gain. Then he was helped off the field
and taken to the student infirmary,
being unable to walk. Trainer Volz
claims his injury is not serious.
The first serious injury of the Amer
ican football season at the University
of California occurred in last Satur
day's gains between the California
varsity and the Olympic Club, when
Alfred L. Maguire broke his ankle. At
the beginning of the third quarter Ma
guire was tackled hard by the com
bined back field of the Club after
plunging through the line for a short
gain. Then he was helped off the field
and taken to the student infirmary,
being unable to walk. Trainer Volz
claims his injury is not serious.
The first serious injury of the Amer
ican football season at the University
of California occurred in last Satur
day's gains between the California
varsity and the Olympic Club, when
Alfred L. Maguire broke his ankle. At
the beginning of the third quarter Ma
guire was tackled hard by the com
bined back field of the Club after
plunging through the line for a short
gain. Then he was helped off the field
and taken to the student infirmary,
being unable to walk. Trainer Volz
claims his injury is not serious.
The first serious injury of the Amer
ican football season at the University
of California occurred in last Satur
day's gains between the California
varsity and the Olympic Club, when
Alfred L. Maguire broke his ankle. At
the beginning of the third quarter Ma
guire was tackled hard by the com
bined back field of the Club after
plunging through the line for a short
gain. Then he was helped off the field
and taken to the student infirmary,
being unable to walk. Trainer Volz
claims his injury is not serious.
The first serious injury of the Amer
ican football season at the University
of California occurred in last Satur
day's gains between the California
varsity and the Olympic Club, when
Alfred L. Maguire broke his ankle. At
the beginning of the third quarter Ma
guire was tackled hard by the com
bined back field of the Club after
plunging through the line for a short
gain. Then he was helped off the field
and taken to the student infirmary,
being unable to walk. Trainer Volz
claims his injury is not serious.
The first serious injury of the Amer
ican football season at the University
of California occurred in last Satur
day's gains between the California
varsity and the Olympic Club, when
Alfred L. Maguire broke his ankle. At
the beginning of the third quarter Ma
guire was tackled hard by the com
bined back field of the Club after
plunging through the line for a short
gain. Then he was helped off the field
and taken to the student infirmary,
being unable to walk. Trainer Volz
claims his injury is not serious.
The first serious injury of the Amer
ican football season at the University
of California occurred in last Satur
day's gains between the California
varsity and the Olympic Club, when
Alfred L. Maguire broke his ankle. At
the beginning of the third quarter Ma
guire was tackled hard by the com
bined back field of the Club after
plunging through the line for a short
gain. Then he was helped off the field
and taken to the student infirmary,
being unable to walk. Trainer Volz
claims his injury is not serious.
The first serious injury of the Amer
ican football season at the University
of California occurred in last Satur
day's gains between the California
varsity and the Olympic Club, when
Alfred L. Maguire broke his ankle. At
the beginning of the third quarter Ma
guire was tackled hard by the com
bined back field of the Club after
plunging through the line for a short
gain. Then he was helped off the field
and taken to the student infirmary,
being unable to walk. Trainer Volz
claims his injury is not serious.
The first serious injury of the Amer
ican football season at the University
of California occurred in last Satur
day's gains between the California
varsity and the Olympic Club, when
Alfred L. Maguire broke his ankle. At
the beginning of the third quarter Ma
guire was tackled hard by the com
bined back field of the Club after
plunging through the line for a short
gain. Then he was helped off the field
and taken to the student infirmary,
being unable to walk. Trainer Volz
claims his injury is not serious.
The first serious injury of the Amer
ican football season at the University
of California occurred in last Satur
day's gains between the California
varsity and the Olympic Club, when
Alfred L. Maguire broke his ankle. At
the beginning of the third quarter Ma
guire was tackled hard by the com
bined back field of the Club after
plunging through the line for a short
gain. Then he was helped off the field
and taken to the student infirmary,
being unable to walk. Trainer Volz
claims his injury is not serious.
The first serious injury of the Amer
ican football season at the University
of California occurred in last Satur
day's gains between the California
varsity and the Olympic Club, when
Alfred L. Maguire broke his ankle. At
the beginning of the third quarter Ma
guire was tackled hard by the com
bined back field of the Club after
plunging through the line for a short
gain. Then he was helped off the field
and taken to the student infirmary,
being unable to walk. Trainer Volz
claims his injury is not serious.
