# Economics Department Hears Problem
## 
### 
A delegation of women from San
Jose was on the Quad yesterday to
consult with the Economics depart
ment in regard to the problem of the
unemployed in that city. Among the
plans considered were the cultivation
of vacant lots, working on municipal
roads and other labor at wages which,
while sufficient for them to live on,
would not be large enough to attract
the unemployed of other districts. A
hotel for unemployed was also sug
gested.
A delegation of women from San
Jose was on the Quad yesterday to
consult with the Economics depart
ment in regard to the problem of the
unemployed in that city. Among the
plans considered were the cultivation
of vacant lots, working on municipal
roads and other labor at wages which,
while sufficient for them to live on,
would not be large enough to attract
the unemployed of other districts. A
hotel for unemployed was also sug
gested.
A delegation of women from San
Jose was on the Quad yesterday to
consult with the Economics depart
ment in regard to the problem of the
unemployed in that city. Among the
plans considered were the cultivation
of vacant lots, working on municipal
roads and other labor at wages which,
while sufficient for them to live on,
would not be large enough to attract
the unemployed of other districts. A
hotel for unemployed was also sug
gested.
A delegation of women from San
Jose was on the Quad yesterday to
consult with the Economics depart
ment in regard to the problem of the
unemployed in that city. Among the
plans considered were the cultivation
of vacant lots, working on municipal
roads and other labor at wages which,
while sufficient for them to live on,
would not be large enough to attract
the unemployed of other districts. A
hotel for unemployed was also sug
gested.
A delegation of women from San
Jose was on the Quad yesterday to
consult with the Economics depart
ment in regard to the problem of the
unemployed in that city. Among the
plans considered were the cultivation
of vacant lots, working on municipal
roads and other labor at wages which,
while sufficient for them to live on,
would not be large enough to attract
the unemployed of other districts. A
hotel for unemployed was also sug
gested.
A delegation of women from San
Jose was on the Quad yesterday to
consult with the Economics depart
ment in regard to the problem of the
unemployed in that city. Among the
plans considered were the cultivation
of vacant lots, working on municipal
roads and other labor at wages which,
while sufficient for them to live on,
would not be large enough to attract
the unemployed of other districts. A
hotel for unemployed was also sug
gested.
A delegation of women from San
Jose was on the Quad yesterday to
consult with the Economics depart
ment in regard to the problem of the
unemployed in that city. Among the
plans considered were the cultivation
of vacant lots, working on municipal
roads and other labor at wages which,
while sufficient for them to live on,
would not be large enough to attract
the unemployed of other districts. A
hotel for unemployed was also sug
gested.
A delegation of women from San
Jose was on the Quad yesterday to
consult with the Economics depart
ment in regard to the problem of the
unemployed in that city. Among the
plans considered were the cultivation
of vacant lots, working on municipal
roads and other labor at wages which,
while sufficient for them to live on,
would not be large enough to attract
the unemployed of other districts. A
hotel for unemployed was also sug
gested.
A delegation of women from San
Jose was on the Quad yesterday to
consult with the Economics depart
ment in regard to the problem of the
unemployed in that city. Among the
plans considered were the cultivation
of vacant lots, working on municipal
roads and other labor at wages which,
while sufficient for them to live on,
would not be large enough to attract
the unemployed of other districts. A
hotel for unemployed was also sug
gested.
A delegation of women from San
Jose was on the Quad yesterday to
consult with the Economics depart
ment in regard to the problem of the
unemployed in that city. Among the
plans considered were the cultivation
of vacant lots, working on municipal
roads and other labor at wages which,
while sufficient for them to live on,
would not be large enough to attract
the unemployed of other districts. A
hotel for unemployed was also sug
gested.
A delegation of women from San
Jose was on the Quad yesterday to
consult with the Economics depart
ment in regard to the problem of the
unemployed in that city. Among the
plans considered were the cultivation
of vacant lots, working on municipal
roads and other labor at wages which,
while sufficient for them to live on,
would not be large enough to attract
the unemployed of other districts. A
hotel for unemployed was also sug
gested.
A delegation of women from San
Jose was on the Quad yesterday to
consult with the Economics depart
ment in regard to the problem of the
unemployed in that city. Among the
plans considered were the cultivation
of vacant lots, working on municipal
roads and other labor at wages which,
while sufficient for them to live on,
would not be large enough to attract
the unemployed of other districts. A
hotel for unemployed was also sug
gested.
A delegation of women from San
Jose was on the Quad yesterday to
consult with the Economics depart
ment in regard to the problem of the
unemployed in that city. Among the
plans considered were the cultivation
of vacant lots, working on municipal
roads and other labor at wages which,
while sufficient for them to live on,
would not be large enough to attract
the unemployed of other districts. A
hotel for unemployed was also sug
gested.
