# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
THOMSONS
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passergers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
THOMSONS
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passergers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
THOMSONS
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passergers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
THOMSONS
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passergers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
THOMSONS
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passergers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
THOMSONS
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passergers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
THOMSONS
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passergers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
THOMSONS
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passergers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
THOMSONS
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passergers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
THOMSONS
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passergers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
THOMSONS
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passergers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
THOMSONS
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passergers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
THOMSONS
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passergers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
