# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is not what the best men
do, hut what they are, that
constitutes their truest bene
faction to their fellow men. —
Phillips ltrooks.
It is not what the best men
do, hut what they are, that
constitutes their truest bene
faction to their fellow men. —
Phillips ltrooks.
It is not what the best men
do, hut what they are, that
constitutes their truest bene
faction to their fellow men. —
Phillips ltrooks.
It is not what the best men
do, hut what they are, that
constitutes their truest bene
faction to their fellow men. —
Phillips ltrooks.
It is not what the best men
do, hut what they are, that
constitutes their truest bene
faction to their fellow men. —
Phillips ltrooks.
It is not what the best men
do, hut what they are, that
constitutes their truest bene
faction to their fellow men. —
Phillips ltrooks.
It is not what the best men
do, hut what they are, that
constitutes their truest bene
faction to their fellow men. —
Phillips ltrooks.
It is not what the best men
do, hut what they are, that
constitutes their truest bene
faction to their fellow men. —
Phillips ltrooks.
It is not what the best men
do, hut what they are, that
constitutes their truest bene
faction to their fellow men. —
Phillips ltrooks.
It is not what the best men
do, hut what they are, that
constitutes their truest bene
faction to their fellow men. —
Phillips ltrooks.
It is not what the best men
do, hut what they are, that
constitutes their truest bene
faction to their fellow men. —
Phillips ltrooks.
It is not what the best men
do, hut what they are, that
constitutes their truest bene
faction to their fellow men. —
Phillips ltrooks.
It is not what the best men
do, hut what they are, that
constitutes their truest bene
faction to their fellow men. —
Phillips ltrooks.
