# Professor Martin Speaks on Travels.
## 
### 
Professor P. H. Martin, of the His
tory department, gave an illustrated
talk on his trip to South America at
the meeting of La Liana Saturday af
ter:-oon.
Professor P. H. Martin, of the His
tory department, gave an illustrated
talk on his trip to South America at
the meeting of La Liana Saturday af
ter:-oon.
Professor P. H. Martin, of the His
tory department, gave an illustrated
talk on his trip to South America at
the meeting of La Liana Saturday af
ter:-oon.
Professor P. H. Martin, of the His
tory department, gave an illustrated
talk on his trip to South America at
the meeting of La Liana Saturday af
ter:-oon.
Professor P. H. Martin, of the His
tory department, gave an illustrated
talk on his trip to South America at
the meeting of La Liana Saturday af
ter:-oon.
Professor P. H. Martin, of the His
tory department, gave an illustrated
talk on his trip to South America at
the meeting of La Liana Saturday af
ter:-oon.
Professor P. H. Martin, of the His
tory department, gave an illustrated
talk on his trip to South America at
the meeting of La Liana Saturday af
ter:-oon.
Professor P. H. Martin, of the His
tory department, gave an illustrated
talk on his trip to South America at
the meeting of La Liana Saturday af
ter:-oon.
Professor P. H. Martin, of the His
tory department, gave an illustrated
talk on his trip to South America at
the meeting of La Liana Saturday af
ter:-oon.
Professor P. H. Martin, of the His
tory department, gave an illustrated
talk on his trip to South America at
the meeting of La Liana Saturday af
ter:-oon.
Professor P. H. Martin, of the His
tory department, gave an illustrated
talk on his trip to South America at
the meeting of La Liana Saturday af
ter:-oon.
Professor P. H. Martin, of the His
tory department, gave an illustrated
talk on his trip to South America at
the meeting of La Liana Saturday af
ter:-oon.
Professor P. H. Martin, of the His
tory department, gave an illustrated
talk on his trip to South America at
the meeting of La Liana Saturday af
ter:-oon.
