# AMERICA'S NEWEST 'MIDGET' CAR
## 
### 

POWEL CROSLEY, JR., owner of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team, proudly displays, at the Indianapolis
speedway, a two-cylinder automobile lie is manufacturing to sell for a top price of $350. Designed to attain
a speed of 50 miles an hour, the car is 10 feet long, weighs 925 pounds.

POWEL CROSLEY, JR., owner of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team, proudly displays, at the Indianapolis
speedway, a two-cylinder automobile lie is manufacturing to sell for a top price of $350. Designed to attain
a speed of 50 miles an hour, the car is 10 feet long, weighs 925 pounds.

POWEL CROSLEY, JR., owner of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team, proudly displays, at the Indianapolis
speedway, a two-cylinder automobile lie is manufacturing to sell for a top price of $350. Designed to attain
a speed of 50 miles an hour, the car is 10 feet long, weighs 925 pounds.

POWEL CROSLEY, JR., owner of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team, proudly displays, at the Indianapolis
speedway, a two-cylinder automobile lie is manufacturing to sell for a top price of $350. Designed to attain
a speed of 50 miles an hour, the car is 10 feet long, weighs 925 pounds.

POWEL CROSLEY, JR., owner of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team, proudly displays, at the Indianapolis
speedway, a two-cylinder automobile lie is manufacturing to sell for a top price of $350. Designed to attain
a speed of 50 miles an hour, the car is 10 feet long, weighs 925 pounds.

POWEL CROSLEY, JR., owner of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team, proudly displays, at the Indianapolis
speedway, a two-cylinder automobile lie is manufacturing to sell for a top price of $350. Designed to attain
a speed of 50 miles an hour, the car is 10 feet long, weighs 925 pounds.

POWEL CROSLEY, JR., owner of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team, proudly displays, at the Indianapolis
speedway, a two-cylinder automobile lie is manufacturing to sell for a top price of $350. Designed to attain
a speed of 50 miles an hour, the car is 10 feet long, weighs 925 pounds.

POWEL CROSLEY, JR., owner of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team, proudly displays, at the Indianapolis
speedway, a two-cylinder automobile lie is manufacturing to sell for a top price of $350. Designed to attain
a speed of 50 miles an hour, the car is 10 feet long, weighs 925 pounds.

POWEL CROSLEY, JR., owner of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team, proudly displays, at the Indianapolis
speedway, a two-cylinder automobile lie is manufacturing to sell for a top price of $350. Designed to attain
a speed of 50 miles an hour, the car is 10 feet long, weighs 925 pounds.

POWEL CROSLEY, JR., owner of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team, proudly displays, at the Indianapolis
speedway, a two-cylinder automobile lie is manufacturing to sell for a top price of $350. Designed to attain
a speed of 50 miles an hour, the car is 10 feet long, weighs 925 pounds.

POWEL CROSLEY, JR., owner of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team, proudly displays, at the Indianapolis
speedway, a two-cylinder automobile lie is manufacturing to sell for a top price of $350. Designed to attain
a speed of 50 miles an hour, the car is 10 feet long, weighs 925 pounds.

POWEL CROSLEY, JR., owner of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team, proudly displays, at the Indianapolis
speedway, a two-cylinder automobile lie is manufacturing to sell for a top price of $350. Designed to attain
a speed of 50 miles an hour, the car is 10 feet long, weighs 925 pounds.

POWEL CROSLEY, JR., owner of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team, proudly displays, at the Indianapolis
speedway, a two-cylinder automobile lie is manufacturing to sell for a top price of $350. Designed to attain
a speed of 50 miles an hour, the car is 10 feet long, weighs 925 pounds.

POWEL CROSLEY, JR., owner of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team, proudly displays, at the Indianapolis
speedway, a two-cylinder automobile lie is manufacturing to sell for a top price of $350. Designed to attain
a speed of 50 miles an hour, the car is 10 feet long, weighs 925 pounds.

POWEL CROSLEY, JR., owner of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team, proudly displays, at the Indianapolis
speedway, a two-cylinder automobile lie is manufacturing to sell for a top price of $350. Designed to attain
a speed of 50 miles an hour, the car is 10 feet long, weighs 925 pounds.

POWEL CROSLEY, JR., owner of the Cincinnati Reds baseball team, proudly displays, at the Indianapolis
speedway, a two-cylinder automobile lie is manufacturing to sell for a top price of $350. Designed to attain
a speed of 50 miles an hour, the car is 10 feet long, weighs 925 pounds.
