# Zionists Order Civil Disobedience
## 
### 
JERUSALEM. May 21 (UP).—The
Jewish National Council tonight de
fied probable British reprisals "out
lawing" all Jewish organizations by
issuing orders for a sweeping cam
paign of civil disobedience to pro
test Great Britain's plan for an
Arab-dominated Palestine state.
Strong reinforcements of British
troops and police took up positions
in Jerusalem's streets and mounted
machine guns on the roofs of gov
ernment offices after the calling of
an unauthorized Jewish strike.
If the Jewish National Council, su
preme Zionist organization in Pal
estine, carries out its passive re
sistance and non-co-operation pro
gram, British authorities are ex
pected to retaliate by declaring all
Jewish bodies to be "illegally sedi
tious."
JERUSALEM. May 21 (UP).—The
Jewish National Council tonight de
fied probable British reprisals "out
lawing" all Jewish organizations by
issuing orders for a sweeping cam
paign of civil disobedience to pro
test Great Britain's plan for an
Arab-dominated Palestine state.
Strong reinforcements of British
troops and police took up positions
in Jerusalem's streets and mounted
machine guns on the roofs of gov
ernment offices after the calling of
an unauthorized Jewish strike.
If the Jewish National Council, su
preme Zionist organization in Pal
estine, carries out its passive re
sistance and non-co-operation pro
gram, British authorities are ex
pected to retaliate by declaring all
Jewish bodies to be "illegally sedi
tious."
JERUSALEM. May 21 (UP).—The
Jewish National Council tonight de
fied probable British reprisals "out
lawing" all Jewish organizations by
issuing orders for a sweeping cam
paign of civil disobedience to pro
test Great Britain's plan for an
Arab-dominated Palestine state.
Strong reinforcements of British
troops and police took up positions
in Jerusalem's streets and mounted
machine guns on the roofs of gov
ernment offices after the calling of
an unauthorized Jewish strike.
If the Jewish National Council, su
preme Zionist organization in Pal
estine, carries out its passive re
sistance and non-co-operation pro
gram, British authorities are ex
pected to retaliate by declaring all
Jewish bodies to be "illegally sedi
tious."
JERUSALEM. May 21 (UP).—The
Jewish National Council tonight de
fied probable British reprisals "out
lawing" all Jewish organizations by
issuing orders for a sweeping cam
paign of civil disobedience to pro
test Great Britain's plan for an
Arab-dominated Palestine state.
Strong reinforcements of British
troops and police took up positions
in Jerusalem's streets and mounted
machine guns on the roofs of gov
ernment offices after the calling of
an unauthorized Jewish strike.
If the Jewish National Council, su
preme Zionist organization in Pal
estine, carries out its passive re
sistance and non-co-operation pro
gram, British authorities are ex
pected to retaliate by declaring all
Jewish bodies to be "illegally sedi
tious."
JERUSALEM. May 21 (UP).—The
Jewish National Council tonight de
fied probable British reprisals "out
lawing" all Jewish organizations by
issuing orders for a sweeping cam
paign of civil disobedience to pro
test Great Britain's plan for an
Arab-dominated Palestine state.
Strong reinforcements of British
troops and police took up positions
in Jerusalem's streets and mounted
machine guns on the roofs of gov
ernment offices after the calling of
an unauthorized Jewish strike.
If the Jewish National Council, su
preme Zionist organization in Pal
estine, carries out its passive re
sistance and non-co-operation pro
gram, British authorities are ex
pected to retaliate by declaring all
Jewish bodies to be "illegally sedi
tious."
JERUSALEM. May 21 (UP).—The
Jewish National Council tonight de
fied probable British reprisals "out
lawing" all Jewish organizations by
issuing orders for a sweeping cam
paign of civil disobedience to pro
test Great Britain's plan for an
Arab-dominated Palestine state.
Strong reinforcements of British
troops and police took up positions
in Jerusalem's streets and mounted
machine guns on the roofs of gov
ernment offices after the calling of
an unauthorized Jewish strike.
If the Jewish National Council, su
preme Zionist organization in Pal
estine, carries out its passive re
sistance and non-co-operation pro
gram, British authorities are ex
pected to retaliate by declaring all
Jewish bodies to be "illegally sedi
tious."
JERUSALEM. May 21 (UP).—The
Jewish National Council tonight de
fied probable British reprisals "out
lawing" all Jewish organizations by
issuing orders for a sweeping cam
paign of civil disobedience to pro
test Great Britain's plan for an
Arab-dominated Palestine state.
Strong reinforcements of British
troops and police took up positions
in Jerusalem's streets and mounted
machine guns on the roofs of gov
ernment offices after the calling of
an unauthorized Jewish strike.
If the Jewish National Council, su
preme Zionist organization in Pal
estine, carries out its passive re
sistance and non-co-operation pro
gram, British authorities are ex
pected to retaliate by declaring all
Jewish bodies to be "illegally sedi
tious."
JERUSALEM. May 21 (UP).—The
Jewish National Council tonight de
fied probable British reprisals "out
lawing" all Jewish organizations by
issuing orders for a sweeping cam
paign of civil disobedience to pro
test Great Britain's plan for an
Arab-dominated Palestine state.
Strong reinforcements of British
troops and police took up positions
in Jerusalem's streets and mounted
machine guns on the roofs of gov
ernment offices after the calling of
an unauthorized Jewish strike.
If the Jewish National Council, su
preme Zionist organization in Pal
estine, carries out its passive re
sistance and non-co-operation pro
gram, British authorities are ex
pected to retaliate by declaring all
Jewish bodies to be "illegally sedi
tious."
JERUSALEM. May 21 (UP).—The
Jewish National Council tonight de
fied probable British reprisals "out
lawing" all Jewish organizations by
issuing orders for a sweeping cam
paign of civil disobedience to pro
test Great Britain's plan for an
Arab-dominated Palestine state.
Strong reinforcements of British
troops and police took up positions
in Jerusalem's streets and mounted
machine guns on the roofs of gov
ernment offices after the calling of
an unauthorized Jewish strike.
If the Jewish National Council, su
preme Zionist organization in Pal
estine, carries out its passive re
sistance and non-co-operation pro
gram, British authorities are ex
pected to retaliate by declaring all
Jewish bodies to be "illegally sedi
tious."
JERUSALEM. May 21 (UP).—The
Jewish National Council tonight de
fied probable British reprisals "out
lawing" all Jewish organizations by
issuing orders for a sweeping cam
paign of civil disobedience to pro
test Great Britain's plan for an
Arab-dominated Palestine state.
Strong reinforcements of British
troops and police took up positions
in Jerusalem's streets and mounted
machine guns on the roofs of gov
ernment offices after the calling of
an unauthorized Jewish strike.
If the Jewish National Council, su
preme Zionist organization in Pal
estine, carries out its passive re
sistance and non-co-operation pro
gram, British authorities are ex
pected to retaliate by declaring all
Jewish bodies to be "illegally sedi
tious."
JERUSALEM. May 21 (UP).—The
Jewish National Council tonight de
fied probable British reprisals "out
lawing" all Jewish organizations by
issuing orders for a sweeping cam
paign of civil disobedience to pro
test Great Britain's plan for an
Arab-dominated Palestine state.
Strong reinforcements of British
troops and police took up positions
in Jerusalem's streets and mounted
machine guns on the roofs of gov
ernment offices after the calling of
an unauthorized Jewish strike.
If the Jewish National Council, su
preme Zionist organization in Pal
estine, carries out its passive re
sistance and non-co-operation pro
gram, British authorities are ex
pected to retaliate by declaring all
Jewish bodies to be "illegally sedi
tious."
JERUSALEM. May 21 (UP).—The
Jewish National Council tonight de
fied probable British reprisals "out
lawing" all Jewish organizations by
issuing orders for a sweeping cam
paign of civil disobedience to pro
test Great Britain's plan for an
Arab-dominated Palestine state.
Strong reinforcements of British
troops and police took up positions
in Jerusalem's streets and mounted
machine guns on the roofs of gov
ernment offices after the calling of
an unauthorized Jewish strike.
If the Jewish National Council, su
preme Zionist organization in Pal
estine, carries out its passive re
sistance and non-co-operation pro
gram, British authorities are ex
pected to retaliate by declaring all
Jewish bodies to be "illegally sedi
tious."
JERUSALEM. May 21 (UP).—The
Jewish National Council tonight de
fied probable British reprisals "out
lawing" all Jewish organizations by
issuing orders for a sweeping cam
paign of civil disobedience to pro
test Great Britain's plan for an
Arab-dominated Palestine state.
Strong reinforcements of British
troops and police took up positions
in Jerusalem's streets and mounted
machine guns on the roofs of gov
ernment offices after the calling of
an unauthorized Jewish strike.
If the Jewish National Council, su
preme Zionist organization in Pal
estine, carries out its passive re
sistance and non-co-operation pro
gram, British authorities are ex
pected to retaliate by declaring all
Jewish bodies to be "illegally sedi
tious."
JERUSALEM. May 21 (UP).—The
Jewish National Council tonight de
fied probable British reprisals "out
lawing" all Jewish organizations by
issuing orders for a sweeping cam
paign of civil disobedience to pro
test Great Britain's plan for an
Arab-dominated Palestine state.
Strong reinforcements of British
troops and police took up positions
in Jerusalem's streets and mounted
machine guns on the roofs of gov
ernment offices after the calling of
an unauthorized Jewish strike.
If the Jewish National Council, su
preme Zionist organization in Pal
estine, carries out its passive re
sistance and non-co-operation pro
gram, British authorities are ex
pected to retaliate by declaring all
Jewish bodies to be "illegally sedi
tious."
JERUSALEM. May 21 (UP).—The
Jewish National Council tonight de
fied probable British reprisals "out
lawing" all Jewish organizations by
issuing orders for a sweeping cam
paign of civil disobedience to pro
test Great Britain's plan for an
Arab-dominated Palestine state.
Strong reinforcements of British
troops and police took up positions
in Jerusalem's streets and mounted
machine guns on the roofs of gov
ernment offices after the calling of
an unauthorized Jewish strike.
If the Jewish National Council, su
preme Zionist organization in Pal
estine, carries out its passive re
sistance and non-co-operation pro
gram, British authorities are ex
pected to retaliate by declaring all
Jewish bodies to be "illegally sedi
tious."
JERUSALEM. May 21 (UP).—The
Jewish National Council tonight de
fied probable British reprisals "out
lawing" all Jewish organizations by
issuing orders for a sweeping cam
paign of civil disobedience to pro
test Great Britain's plan for an
Arab-dominated Palestine state.
Strong reinforcements of British
troops and police took up positions
in Jerusalem's streets and mounted
machine guns on the roofs of gov
ernment offices after the calling of
an unauthorized Jewish strike.
If the Jewish National Council, su
preme Zionist organization in Pal
estine, carries out its passive re
sistance and non-co-operation pro
gram, British authorities are ex
pected to retaliate by declaring all
Jewish bodies to be "illegally sedi
tious."
