# Extras to Stay With Actors' Guild
## 
### 
HOLLYWOOD, May 21 (UP).—
Hollywood's movie extras over
whelmingly voted to retain their
affiliation with the Screen Actors'
Guild.
By a vote of 3962 to 65, the extras
rejected a proposal to withdraw from
the guild and start an organization
of their own, Ted Ashton, publicity
chairman, said today after ballots
cast Friday had been tabulated.
HOLLYWOOD, May 21 (UP).—
Hollywood's movie extras over
whelmingly voted to retain their
affiliation with the Screen Actors'
Guild.
By a vote of 3962 to 65, the extras
rejected a proposal to withdraw from
the guild and start an organization
of their own, Ted Ashton, publicity
chairman, said today after ballots
cast Friday had been tabulated.
HOLLYWOOD, May 21 (UP).—
Hollywood's movie extras over
whelmingly voted to retain their
affiliation with the Screen Actors'
Guild.
By a vote of 3962 to 65, the extras
rejected a proposal to withdraw from
the guild and start an organization
of their own, Ted Ashton, publicity
chairman, said today after ballots
cast Friday had been tabulated.
HOLLYWOOD, May 21 (UP).—
Hollywood's movie extras over
whelmingly voted to retain their
affiliation with the Screen Actors'
Guild.
By a vote of 3962 to 65, the extras
rejected a proposal to withdraw from
the guild and start an organization
of their own, Ted Ashton, publicity
chairman, said today after ballots
cast Friday had been tabulated.
HOLLYWOOD, May 21 (UP).—
Hollywood's movie extras over
whelmingly voted to retain their
affiliation with the Screen Actors'
Guild.
By a vote of 3962 to 65, the extras
rejected a proposal to withdraw from
the guild and start an organization
of their own, Ted Ashton, publicity
chairman, said today after ballots
cast Friday had been tabulated.
HOLLYWOOD, May 21 (UP).—
Hollywood's movie extras over
whelmingly voted to retain their
affiliation with the Screen Actors'
Guild.
By a vote of 3962 to 65, the extras
rejected a proposal to withdraw from
the guild and start an organization
of their own, Ted Ashton, publicity
chairman, said today after ballots
cast Friday had been tabulated.
HOLLYWOOD, May 21 (UP).—
Hollywood's movie extras over
whelmingly voted to retain their
affiliation with the Screen Actors'
Guild.
By a vote of 3962 to 65, the extras
rejected a proposal to withdraw from
the guild and start an organization
of their own, Ted Ashton, publicity
chairman, said today after ballots
cast Friday had been tabulated.
HOLLYWOOD, May 21 (UP).—
Hollywood's movie extras over
whelmingly voted to retain their
affiliation with the Screen Actors'
Guild.
By a vote of 3962 to 65, the extras
rejected a proposal to withdraw from
the guild and start an organization
of their own, Ted Ashton, publicity
chairman, said today after ballots
cast Friday had been tabulated.
HOLLYWOOD, May 21 (UP).—
Hollywood's movie extras over
whelmingly voted to retain their
affiliation with the Screen Actors'
Guild.
By a vote of 3962 to 65, the extras
rejected a proposal to withdraw from
the guild and start an organization
of their own, Ted Ashton, publicity
chairman, said today after ballots
cast Friday had been tabulated.
HOLLYWOOD, May 21 (UP).—
Hollywood's movie extras over
whelmingly voted to retain their
affiliation with the Screen Actors'
Guild.
By a vote of 3962 to 65, the extras
rejected a proposal to withdraw from
the guild and start an organization
of their own, Ted Ashton, publicity
chairman, said today after ballots
cast Friday had been tabulated.
HOLLYWOOD, May 21 (UP).—
Hollywood's movie extras over
whelmingly voted to retain their
affiliation with the Screen Actors'
Guild.
By a vote of 3962 to 65, the extras
rejected a proposal to withdraw from
the guild and start an organization
of their own, Ted Ashton, publicity
chairman, said today after ballots
cast Friday had been tabulated.
HOLLYWOOD, May 21 (UP).—
Hollywood's movie extras over
whelmingly voted to retain their
affiliation with the Screen Actors'
Guild.
By a vote of 3962 to 65, the extras
rejected a proposal to withdraw from
the guild and start an organization
of their own, Ted Ashton, publicity
chairman, said today after ballots
cast Friday had been tabulated.
HOLLYWOOD, May 21 (UP).—
Hollywood's movie extras over
whelmingly voted to retain their
affiliation with the Screen Actors'
Guild.
By a vote of 3962 to 65, the extras
rejected a proposal to withdraw from
the guild and start an organization
of their own, Ted Ashton, publicity
chairman, said today after ballots
cast Friday had been tabulated.
HOLLYWOOD, May 21 (UP).—
Hollywood's movie extras over
whelmingly voted to retain their
affiliation with the Screen Actors'
Guild.
By a vote of 3962 to 65, the extras
rejected a proposal to withdraw from
the guild and start an organization
of their own, Ted Ashton, publicity
chairman, said today after ballots
cast Friday had been tabulated.
HOLLYWOOD, May 21 (UP).—
Hollywood's movie extras over
whelmingly voted to retain their
affiliation with the Screen Actors'
Guild.
By a vote of 3962 to 65, the extras
rejected a proposal to withdraw from
the guild and start an organization
of their own, Ted Ashton, publicity
chairman, said today after ballots
cast Friday had been tabulated.
HOLLYWOOD, May 21 (UP).—
Hollywood's movie extras over
whelmingly voted to retain their
affiliation with the Screen Actors'
Guild.
By a vote of 3962 to 65, the extras
rejected a proposal to withdraw from
the guild and start an organization
of their own, Ted Ashton, publicity
chairman, said today after ballots
cast Friday had been tabulated.
