# Cohen Death
## 
### 
During World War II, noted i
American philosopher-mathemati-1
cian Morris R. Cohen wrote: "We
are adopting the things that made
our enemies powerful, and inci
dentally the things that made
them our enemies. The first re
sult of any war is that the adver
saries exchange vices. Our danger
is that we shall copy the militar
ism that corrupted Germany and
Japan."
The late Professor Cohen ranks
as one of America's wisest and
noblest minds. His brilliant teach
ing career took him to such di
verse and distinguished institu
tions as Columbia, CCNY, Chicago
University, Yale. Harvard, Johns
Hopkins and Stanford.
Professor Cohen died not long
after expressing this prophetic
view. What he feared has practi
cally overtaken us. We have been
unconsciously but certainly cre
ating an America dedicated to j
force.
While there is still time, the i
White House, the State and De- j
fense Departments, and the Sen-1
ate and House Committees that j
deal with the armed services and
foreign affairs, might well heed
the wise man's warning.
CYRUS S. EATON
