# EBEY-SONKA TROTH
## 
### 
Roble announces ihe engage
ment of Beth Ehey, '64, to Bud
Sonka, Fort Ol d.
Roble announces ihe engage
ment of Beth Ehey, '64, to Bud
Sonka, Fort Ol d.
Roble announces ihe engage
ment of Beth Ehey, '64, to Bud
Sonka, Fort Ol d.
Roble announces ihe engage
ment of Beth Ehey, '64, to Bud
Sonka, Fort Ol d.
Roble announces ihe engage
ment of Beth Ehey, '64, to Bud
Sonka, Fort Ol d.
Roble announces ihe engage
ment of Beth Ehey, '64, to Bud
Sonka, Fort Ol d.
Roble announces ihe engage
ment of Beth Ehey, '64, to Bud
Sonka, Fort Ol d.
Roble announces ihe engage
ment of Beth Ehey, '64, to Bud
Sonka, Fort Ol d.
Roble announces ihe engage
ment of Beth Ehey, '64, to Bud
Sonka, Fort Ol d.
Roble announces ihe engage
ment of Beth Ehey, '64, to Bud
Sonka, Fort Ol d.
Roble announces ihe engage
ment of Beth Ehey, '64, to Bud
Sonka, Fort Ol d.
Roble announces ihe engage
ment of Beth Ehey, '64, to Bud
Sonka, Fort Ol d.
Roble announces ihe engage
ment of Beth Ehey, '64, to Bud
Sonka, Fort Ol d.
Roble announces ihe engage
ment of Beth Ehey, '64, to Bud
Sonka, Fort Ol d.
Roble announces ihe engage
ment of Beth Ehey, '64, to Bud
Sonka, Fort Ol d.
Roble announces ihe engage
ment of Beth Ehey, '64, to Bud
Sonka, Fort Ol d.
