# Hungarian At Hostel
## 
### 
This week's ASSU hostel,
"Behind the Iron Curtain to
day" will feature as a partic
ipant Mrs. Susan V. Lenkey,
who now works in the Bender
Room.
Mrs. Lenkey comes from
Hungary, where she was a
teacher and museum curator,
and has quite definite ideas
which, according lo Hostel
Committee Chairman Greg
Hopkins, "should provide in
terest ing conversation."
The hostel, which begins
Friday afternoon and ends
Saturday before lunch, is
open to a maximum of 15 stu
dents. Sign-up sheets are
available in the ASSU office.
The cost. 33.50, includes two
meals.
"This hostel is an excellent
opportunity for those in
tending to travel behind the
Iron Curtain this summer,"
Hopkins stated.
Additional information may
be obtained in the ASSU
office.
This week's ASSU hostel,
"Behind the Iron Curtain to
day" will feature as a partic
ipant Mrs. Susan V. Lenkey,
who now works in the Bender
Room.
Mrs. Lenkey comes from
Hungary, where she was a
teacher and museum curator,
and has quite definite ideas
which, according lo Hostel
Committee Chairman Greg
Hopkins, "should provide in
terest ing conversation."
The hostel, which begins
Friday afternoon and ends
Saturday before lunch, is
open to a maximum of 15 stu
dents. Sign-up sheets are
available in the ASSU office.
The cost. 33.50, includes two
meals.
"This hostel is an excellent
opportunity for those in
tending to travel behind the
Iron Curtain this summer,"
Hopkins stated.
Additional information may
be obtained in the ASSU
office.
This week's ASSU hostel,
"Behind the Iron Curtain to
day" will feature as a partic
ipant Mrs. Susan V. Lenkey,
who now works in the Bender
Room.
Mrs. Lenkey comes from
Hungary, where she was a
teacher and museum curator,
and has quite definite ideas
which, according lo Hostel
Committee Chairman Greg
Hopkins, "should provide in
terest ing conversation."
The hostel, which begins
Friday afternoon and ends
Saturday before lunch, is
open to a maximum of 15 stu
dents. Sign-up sheets are
available in the ASSU office.
The cost. 33.50, includes two
meals.
"This hostel is an excellent
opportunity for those in
tending to travel behind the
Iron Curtain this summer,"
Hopkins stated.
Additional information may
be obtained in the ASSU
office.
This week's ASSU hostel,
"Behind the Iron Curtain to
day" will feature as a partic
ipant Mrs. Susan V. Lenkey,
who now works in the Bender
Room.
Mrs. Lenkey comes from
Hungary, where she was a
teacher and museum curator,
and has quite definite ideas
which, according lo Hostel
Committee Chairman Greg
Hopkins, "should provide in
terest ing conversation."
The hostel, which begins
Friday afternoon and ends
Saturday before lunch, is
open to a maximum of 15 stu
dents. Sign-up sheets are
available in the ASSU office.
The cost. 33.50, includes two
meals.
"This hostel is an excellent
opportunity for those in
tending to travel behind the
Iron Curtain this summer,"
Hopkins stated.
Additional information may
be obtained in the ASSU
office.
This week's ASSU hostel,
"Behind the Iron Curtain to
day" will feature as a partic
ipant Mrs. Susan V. Lenkey,
who now works in the Bender
Room.
Mrs. Lenkey comes from
Hungary, where she was a
teacher and museum curator,
and has quite definite ideas
which, according lo Hostel
Committee Chairman Greg
Hopkins, "should provide in
terest ing conversation."
The hostel, which begins
Friday afternoon and ends
Saturday before lunch, is
open to a maximum of 15 stu
dents. Sign-up sheets are
available in the ASSU office.
The cost. 33.50, includes two
meals.
"This hostel is an excellent
opportunity for those in
tending to travel behind the
Iron Curtain this summer,"
Hopkins stated.
Additional information may
be obtained in the ASSU
office.
This week's ASSU hostel,
"Behind the Iron Curtain to
day" will feature as a partic
ipant Mrs. Susan V. Lenkey,
who now works in the Bender
Room.
Mrs. Lenkey comes from
Hungary, where she was a
teacher and museum curator,
and has quite definite ideas
which, according lo Hostel
Committee Chairman Greg
Hopkins, "should provide in
terest ing conversation."
The hostel, which begins
Friday afternoon and ends
Saturday before lunch, is
open to a maximum of 15 stu
dents. Sign-up sheets are
available in the ASSU office.
The cost. 33.50, includes two
meals.
"This hostel is an excellent
opportunity for those in
tending to travel behind the
Iron Curtain this summer,"
Hopkins stated.
Additional information may
be obtained in the ASSU
office.
This week's ASSU hostel,
"Behind the Iron Curtain to
day" will feature as a partic
ipant Mrs. Susan V. Lenkey,
who now works in the Bender
Room.
Mrs. Lenkey comes from
Hungary, where she was a
teacher and museum curator,
and has quite definite ideas
which, according lo Hostel
Committee Chairman Greg
Hopkins, "should provide in
terest ing conversation."
The hostel, which begins
Friday afternoon and ends
Saturday before lunch, is
open to a maximum of 15 stu
dents. Sign-up sheets are
available in the ASSU office.
The cost. 33.50, includes two
meals.
"This hostel is an excellent
opportunity for those in
tending to travel behind the
Iron Curtain this summer,"
Hopkins stated.
Additional information may
be obtained in the ASSU
office.
This week's ASSU hostel,
"Behind the Iron Curtain to
day" will feature as a partic
ipant Mrs. Susan V. Lenkey,
who now works in the Bender
Room.
Mrs. Lenkey comes from
Hungary, where she was a
teacher and museum curator,
and has quite definite ideas
which, according lo Hostel
Committee Chairman Greg
Hopkins, "should provide in
terest ing conversation."
The hostel, which begins
Friday afternoon and ends
Saturday before lunch, is
open to a maximum of 15 stu
dents. Sign-up sheets are
available in the ASSU office.
The cost. 33.50, includes two
meals.
"This hostel is an excellent
opportunity for those in
tending to travel behind the
Iron Curtain this summer,"
Hopkins stated.
Additional information may
be obtained in the ASSU
office.
This week's ASSU hostel,
"Behind the Iron Curtain to
day" will feature as a partic
ipant Mrs. Susan V. Lenkey,
who now works in the Bender
Room.
Mrs. Lenkey comes from
Hungary, where she was a
teacher and museum curator,
and has quite definite ideas
which, according lo Hostel
Committee Chairman Greg
Hopkins, "should provide in
terest ing conversation."
The hostel, which begins
Friday afternoon and ends
Saturday before lunch, is
open to a maximum of 15 stu
dents. Sign-up sheets are
available in the ASSU office.
The cost. 33.50, includes two
meals.
"This hostel is an excellent
opportunity for those in
tending to travel behind the
Iron Curtain this summer,"
Hopkins stated.
Additional information may
be obtained in the ASSU
office.
This week's ASSU hostel,
"Behind the Iron Curtain to
day" will feature as a partic
ipant Mrs. Susan V. Lenkey,
who now works in the Bender
Room.
Mrs. Lenkey comes from
Hungary, where she was a
teacher and museum curator,
and has quite definite ideas
which, according lo Hostel
Committee Chairman Greg
Hopkins, "should provide in
terest ing conversation."
The hostel, which begins
Friday afternoon and ends
Saturday before lunch, is
open to a maximum of 15 stu
dents. Sign-up sheets are
available in the ASSU office.
The cost. 33.50, includes two
meals.
"This hostel is an excellent
opportunity for those in
tending to travel behind the
Iron Curtain this summer,"
Hopkins stated.
Additional information may
be obtained in the ASSU
office.
This week's ASSU hostel,
"Behind the Iron Curtain to
day" will feature as a partic
ipant Mrs. Susan V. Lenkey,
who now works in the Bender
Room.
Mrs. Lenkey comes from
Hungary, where she was a
teacher and museum curator,
and has quite definite ideas
which, according lo Hostel
Committee Chairman Greg
Hopkins, "should provide in
terest ing conversation."
The hostel, which begins
Friday afternoon and ends
Saturday before lunch, is
open to a maximum of 15 stu
dents. Sign-up sheets are
available in the ASSU office.
The cost. 33.50, includes two
meals.
"This hostel is an excellent
opportunity for those in
tending to travel behind the
Iron Curtain this summer,"
Hopkins stated.
Additional information may
be obtained in the ASSU
office.
This week's ASSU hostel,
"Behind the Iron Curtain to
day" will feature as a partic
ipant Mrs. Susan V. Lenkey,
who now works in the Bender
Room.
Mrs. Lenkey comes from
Hungary, where she was a
teacher and museum curator,
and has quite definite ideas
which, according lo Hostel
Committee Chairman Greg
Hopkins, "should provide in
terest ing conversation."
The hostel, which begins
Friday afternoon and ends
Saturday before lunch, is
open to a maximum of 15 stu
dents. Sign-up sheets are
available in the ASSU office.
The cost. 33.50, includes two
meals.
"This hostel is an excellent
opportunity for those in
tending to travel behind the
Iron Curtain this summer,"
Hopkins stated.
Additional information may
be obtained in the ASSU
office.
This week's ASSU hostel,
"Behind the Iron Curtain to
day" will feature as a partic
ipant Mrs. Susan V. Lenkey,
who now works in the Bender
Room.
Mrs. Lenkey comes from
Hungary, where she was a
teacher and museum curator,
and has quite definite ideas
which, according lo Hostel
Committee Chairman Greg
Hopkins, "should provide in
terest ing conversation."
The hostel, which begins
Friday afternoon and ends
Saturday before lunch, is
open to a maximum of 15 stu
dents. Sign-up sheets are
available in the ASSU office.
The cost. 33.50, includes two
meals.
"This hostel is an excellent
opportunity for those in
tending to travel behind the
Iron Curtain this summer,"
Hopkins stated.
Additional information may
be obtained in the ASSU
office.
This week's ASSU hostel,
"Behind the Iron Curtain to
day" will feature as a partic
ipant Mrs. Susan V. Lenkey,
who now works in the Bender
Room.
Mrs. Lenkey comes from
Hungary, where she was a
teacher and museum curator,
and has quite definite ideas
which, according lo Hostel
Committee Chairman Greg
Hopkins, "should provide in
terest ing conversation."
The hostel, which begins
Friday afternoon and ends
Saturday before lunch, is
open to a maximum of 15 stu
dents. Sign-up sheets are
available in the ASSU office.
The cost. 33.50, includes two
meals.
"This hostel is an excellent
opportunity for those in
tending to travel behind the
Iron Curtain this summer,"
Hopkins stated.
Additional information may
be obtained in the ASSU
office.
This week's ASSU hostel,
"Behind the Iron Curtain to
day" will feature as a partic
ipant Mrs. Susan V. Lenkey,
who now works in the Bender
Room.
Mrs. Lenkey comes from
Hungary, where she was a
teacher and museum curator,
and has quite definite ideas
which, according lo Hostel
Committee Chairman Greg
Hopkins, "should provide in
terest ing conversation."
The hostel, which begins
Friday afternoon and ends
Saturday before lunch, is
open to a maximum of 15 stu
dents. Sign-up sheets are
available in the ASSU office.
The cost. 33.50, includes two
meals.
"This hostel is an excellent
opportunity for those in
tending to travel behind the
Iron Curtain this summer,"
Hopkins stated.
Additional information may
be obtained in the ASSU
office.
This week's ASSU hostel,
"Behind the Iron Curtain to
day" will feature as a partic
ipant Mrs. Susan V. Lenkey,
who now works in the Bender
Room.
Mrs. Lenkey comes from
Hungary, where she was a
teacher and museum curator,
and has quite definite ideas
which, according lo Hostel
Committee Chairman Greg
Hopkins, "should provide in
terest ing conversation."
The hostel, which begins
Friday afternoon and ends
Saturday before lunch, is
open to a maximum of 15 stu
dents. Sign-up sheets are
available in the ASSU office.
The cost. 33.50, includes two
meals.
"This hostel is an excellent
opportunity for those in
tending to travel behind the
Iron Curtain this summer,"
Hopkins stated.
Additional information may
be obtained in the ASSU
office.
