# Tarzan Draws Animal Crowd
## 
### 
The last movie night of the
quarter will be held at Rosotti's
tonight, anticipating Washing
ton's Birthday by a few hours. In
honor of the famous president,
the Senior Class has decided to
show "Tarzan's Triumph," star
ring Johnny Weismuller. and the
concluding chapter of "The Spi
der's Web."
"All students are invited to at
tend this gala program," said
Louie Norbye, director of Happy
Hours and Movie Nites, "except,
of course, those who do not pos
sess an 1.D."
Show time is 9:30, and the doors
open at 11 a.m. Admission is 25
cents. "For those who do not like
movies, il is almost as much fun
to watch the projectionist," Nor
bye stated.
Last week, when "Pride and the
Passion" was shown at Stag Nile,
the entire third reel was left out
and no one noticed it until the
end of the film.
