# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY
GRADUATE SCHOOL
OF BUSINESS
will have a representative on
campus Dec. 2 to speak with
students interested in its
programs. Students of all
disciplines are encouraged to
make appointments through the
placement office.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY
GRADUATE SCHOOL
OF BUSINESS
will have a representative on
campus Dec. 2 to speak with
students interested in its
programs. Students of all
disciplines are encouraged to
make appointments through the
placement office.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY
GRADUATE SCHOOL
OF BUSINESS
will have a representative on
campus Dec. 2 to speak with
students interested in its
programs. Students of all
disciplines are encouraged to
make appointments through the
placement office.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY
GRADUATE SCHOOL
OF BUSINESS
will have a representative on
campus Dec. 2 to speak with
students interested in its
programs. Students of all
disciplines are encouraged to
make appointments through the
placement office.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY
GRADUATE SCHOOL
OF BUSINESS
will have a representative on
campus Dec. 2 to speak with
students interested in its
programs. Students of all
disciplines are encouraged to
make appointments through the
placement office.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY
GRADUATE SCHOOL
OF BUSINESS
will have a representative on
campus Dec. 2 to speak with
students interested in its
programs. Students of all
disciplines are encouraged to
make appointments through the
placement office.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY
GRADUATE SCHOOL
OF BUSINESS
will have a representative on
campus Dec. 2 to speak with
students interested in its
programs. Students of all
disciplines are encouraged to
make appointments through the
placement office.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY
GRADUATE SCHOOL
OF BUSINESS
will have a representative on
campus Dec. 2 to speak with
students interested in its
programs. Students of all
disciplines are encouraged to
make appointments through the
placement office.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY
GRADUATE SCHOOL
OF BUSINESS
will have a representative on
campus Dec. 2 to speak with
students interested in its
programs. Students of all
disciplines are encouraged to
make appointments through the
placement office.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY
GRADUATE SCHOOL
OF BUSINESS
will have a representative on
campus Dec. 2 to speak with
students interested in its
programs. Students of all
disciplines are encouraged to
make appointments through the
placement office.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY
GRADUATE SCHOOL
OF BUSINESS
will have a representative on
campus Dec. 2 to speak with
students interested in its
programs. Students of all
disciplines are encouraged to
make appointments through the
placement office.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY
GRADUATE SCHOOL
OF BUSINESS
will have a representative on
campus Dec. 2 to speak with
students interested in its
programs. Students of all
disciplines are encouraged to
make appointments through the
placement office.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY
GRADUATE SCHOOL
OF BUSINESS
will have a representative on
campus Dec. 2 to speak with
students interested in its
programs. Students of all
disciplines are encouraged to
make appointments through the
placement office.
COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY
GRADUATE SCHOOL
OF BUSINESS
will have a representative on
campus Dec. 2 to speak with
students interested in its
programs. Students of all
disciplines are encouraged to
make appointments through the
placement office.
