# "Chaparral" on Sale Monday.
## 
### 
On account of several delays the
Chaparral was not received this
week. The first issue will appear
Monday, and will he on sale on the
quad.
On account of several delays the
Chaparral was not received this
week. The first issue will appear
Monday, and will he on sale on the
quad.
On account of several delays the
Chaparral was not received this
week. The first issue will appear
Monday, and will he on sale on the
quad.
On account of several delays the
Chaparral was not received this
week. The first issue will appear
Monday, and will he on sale on the
quad.
On account of several delays the
Chaparral was not received this
week. The first issue will appear
Monday, and will he on sale on the
quad.
On account of several delays the
Chaparral was not received this
week. The first issue will appear
Monday, and will he on sale on the
quad.
On account of several delays the
Chaparral was not received this
week. The first issue will appear
Monday, and will he on sale on the
quad.
