# Adv. 24 Page 17
## 
### 
GET NOTICED BY
THOUSANDS.
(650) 721-5803.
www.stanforddaily.com/classifieds
SERVICES
Chemistry, Physics, Math. "I make it
easy!" Jim (307) 699 3392
FixLAPTORCOM Repair Laptop & parts
650-567-9990
Crash Free Energy info call 866-426-
0417
Got a deadline —term paper, disserta
tion, application essay? Marshall Schol
ar, Ph.D. (English) can help you write
strongly! Free consult., Stanford refer
ences. Contact Elizabeth Chapman
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
Coach sports to kids! Enthusiastic
about sports & kids!
dbarth86@gmail.com, 650-823-5167.
WANTED
Looking for a loving, and energetic part
time nanny to help take care of our 2
kids 9 and 6 years old who go to Walter
Hays elementary school in Palo Alto.
Nanny would be responsible for picking
up kids from school (245 pm on week
days) drive them to after-school activi
ties, help with homework. The position
would require a commitment of about 3
hours/day (15-20 hrs/week). Generous
salary based on qualifications and expe
rience.
If interested, please contact Cheena at
ramrsc@gmail.com or (650)3298114.
FOR SALE
Inviting 4bd/2ba home. Vaulted ceil
ing. Rustic country charm. Lovely gar
dens w/pool. Great location.
650.380.0085
GET NOTICED BY
THOUSANDS.
(650) 721-5803.
www.stanforddaily.com/classifieds
SERVICES
Chemistry, Physics, Math. "I make it
easy!" Jim (307) 699 3392
FixLAPTORCOM Repair Laptop & parts
650-567-9990
Crash Free Energy info call 866-426-
0417
Got a deadline —term paper, disserta
tion, application essay? Marshall Schol
ar, Ph.D. (English) can help you write
strongly! Free consult., Stanford refer
ences. Contact Elizabeth Chapman
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
Coach sports to kids! Enthusiastic
about sports & kids!
dbarth86@gmail.com, 650-823-5167.
WANTED
Looking for a loving, and energetic part
time nanny to help take care of our 2
kids 9 and 6 years old who go to Walter
Hays elementary school in Palo Alto.
Nanny would be responsible for picking
up kids from school (245 pm on week
days) drive them to after-school activi
ties, help with homework. The position
would require a commitment of about 3
hours/day (15-20 hrs/week). Generous
salary based on qualifications and expe
rience.
If interested, please contact Cheena at
ramrsc@gmail.com or (650)3298114.
FOR SALE
Inviting 4bd/2ba home. Vaulted ceil
ing. Rustic country charm. Lovely gar
dens w/pool. Great location.
650.380.0085
GET NOTICED BY
THOUSANDS.
(650) 721-5803.
www.stanforddaily.com/classifieds
SERVICES
Chemistry, Physics, Math. "I make it
easy!" Jim (307) 699 3392
FixLAPTORCOM Repair Laptop & parts
650-567-9990
Crash Free Energy info call 866-426-
0417
Got a deadline —term paper, disserta
tion, application essay? Marshall Schol
ar, Ph.D. (English) can help you write
strongly! Free consult., Stanford refer
ences. Contact Elizabeth Chapman
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
Coach sports to kids! Enthusiastic
about sports & kids!
dbarth86@gmail.com, 650-823-5167.
WANTED
Looking for a loving, and energetic part
time nanny to help take care of our 2
kids 9 and 6 years old who go to Walter
Hays elementary school in Palo Alto.
Nanny would be responsible for picking
up kids from school (245 pm on week
days) drive them to after-school activi
ties, help with homework. The position
would require a commitment of about 3
hours/day (15-20 hrs/week). Generous
salary based on qualifications and expe
rience.
If interested, please contact Cheena at
ramrsc@gmail.com or (650)3298114.
FOR SALE
Inviting 4bd/2ba home. Vaulted ceil
ing. Rustic country charm. Lovely gar
dens w/pool. Great location.
650.380.0085
GET NOTICED BY
THOUSANDS.
(650) 721-5803.
www.stanforddaily.com/classifieds
SERVICES
Chemistry, Physics, Math. "I make it
easy!" Jim (307) 699 3392
FixLAPTORCOM Repair Laptop & parts
650-567-9990
Crash Free Energy info call 866-426-
0417
Got a deadline —term paper, disserta
tion, application essay? Marshall Schol
ar, Ph.D. (English) can help you write
strongly! Free consult., Stanford refer
ences. Contact Elizabeth Chapman
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
Coach sports to kids! Enthusiastic
about sports & kids!
dbarth86@gmail.com, 650-823-5167.
WANTED
Looking for a loving, and energetic part
time nanny to help take care of our 2
kids 9 and 6 years old who go to Walter
Hays elementary school in Palo Alto.
Nanny would be responsible for picking
up kids from school (245 pm on week
days) drive them to after-school activi
ties, help with homework. The position
would require a commitment of about 3
hours/day (15-20 hrs/week). Generous
salary based on qualifications and expe
rience.
If interested, please contact Cheena at
ramrsc@gmail.com or (650)3298114.
FOR SALE
Inviting 4bd/2ba home. Vaulted ceil
ing. Rustic country charm. Lovely gar
dens w/pool. Great location.
650.380.0085
GET NOTICED BY
THOUSANDS.
(650) 721-5803.
www.stanforddaily.com/classifieds
SERVICES
Chemistry, Physics, Math. "I make it
easy!" Jim (307) 699 3392
FixLAPTORCOM Repair Laptop & parts
650-567-9990
Crash Free Energy info call 866-426-
0417
Got a deadline —term paper, disserta
tion, application essay? Marshall Schol
ar, Ph.D. (English) can help you write
strongly! Free consult., Stanford refer
ences. Contact Elizabeth Chapman
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
Coach sports to kids! Enthusiastic
about sports & kids!
dbarth86@gmail.com, 650-823-5167.
WANTED
Looking for a loving, and energetic part
time nanny to help take care of our 2
kids 9 and 6 years old who go to Walter
Hays elementary school in Palo Alto.
Nanny would be responsible for picking
up kids from school (245 pm on week
days) drive them to after-school activi
ties, help with homework. The position
would require a commitment of about 3
hours/day (15-20 hrs/week). Generous
salary based on qualifications and expe
rience.
If interested, please contact Cheena at
ramrsc@gmail.com or (650)3298114.
FOR SALE
Inviting 4bd/2ba home. Vaulted ceil
ing. Rustic country charm. Lovely gar
dens w/pool. Great location.
650.380.0085
GET NOTICED BY
THOUSANDS.
(650) 721-5803.
www.stanforddaily.com/classifieds
SERVICES
Chemistry, Physics, Math. "I make it
easy!" Jim (307) 699 3392
FixLAPTORCOM Repair Laptop & parts
650-567-9990
Crash Free Energy info call 866-426-
0417
Got a deadline —term paper, disserta
tion, application essay? Marshall Schol
ar, Ph.D. (English) can help you write
strongly! Free consult., Stanford refer
ences. Contact Elizabeth Chapman
650-380-2466
deathlessprose@mac.com
Coach sports to kids! Enthusiastic
about sports & kids!
dbarth86@gmail.com, 650-823-5167.
WANTED
Looking for a loving, and energetic part
time nanny to help take care of our 2
kids 9 and 6 years old who go to Walter
Hays elementary school in Palo Alto.
Nanny would be responsible for picking
up kids from school (245 pm on week
days) drive them to after-school activi
ties, help with homework. The position
would require a commitment of about 3
hours/day (15-20 hrs/week). Generous
salary based on qualifications and expe
rience.
If interested, please contact Cheena at
ramrsc@gmail.com or (650)3298114.
FOR SALE
Inviting 4bd/2ba home. Vaulted ceil
ing. Rustic country charm. Lovely gar
dens w/pool. Great location.
650.380.0085
