# introducing
## Brooke Smith '11 
### 
I'm wearing:
Stuart Weitzman boots, Vince
pants, DKNY vest, H&M top,
Topshop jacket, Henri Bendel hat
and vintage sunglasses


MERISSA REN/Staff Photographer
I'm wearing:
Stuart Weitzman boots, Vince
pants, DKNY vest, H&M top,
Topshop jacket, Henri Bendel hat
and vintage sunglasses


MERISSA REN/Staff Photographer
I'm wearing:
Stuart Weitzman boots, Vince
pants, DKNY vest, H&M top,
Topshop jacket, Henri Bendel hat
and vintage sunglasses


MERISSA REN/Staff Photographer
I'm wearing:
Stuart Weitzman boots, Vince
pants, DKNY vest, H&M top,
Topshop jacket, Henri Bendel hat
and vintage sunglasses


MERISSA REN/Staff Photographer
I'm wearing:
Stuart Weitzman boots, Vince
pants, DKNY vest, H&M top,
Topshop jacket, Henri Bendel hat
and vintage sunglasses


MERISSA REN/Staff Photographer
I'm wearing:
Stuart Weitzman boots, Vince
pants, DKNY vest, H&M top,
Topshop jacket, Henri Bendel hat
and vintage sunglasses


MERISSA REN/Staff Photographer
