# Sleep cycles good predictor in a football game's outcome
## 
### 
In the betting mood? The
next time you watch Monday
Night Football you might find
the research of Roger Smith,
former clinical research fellow,
at Stanford's Sleep Disorders
Center, of particular interest.
Prior research has indicated
that throughout the day, peo
ple experience peaks and val
leys in their athletic ability.
For many sports, a person's
peak athletic performance
occurs in the late afternoon

and early evening.
Applying this information to
the world of professional foot
ball, Smith hypothesized that
in Monday Night Football
match-ups between West Coast
and East Coast teams the time
of the game would favor West
Coast teams because relative to
their body clock (circadian
rhythms), the West Coast team
athletes are playing closer to
their peak athletic time.
In an analysis of Monday

Night Football games over the
past 25 years, Smith discovered
that by betting on West Coast
teams he would correctly pick
the winner against the point
spread 68 percent of the time.
In light of the extremely
narrow margin of victory in
many sports events, future
sports training might include
adjusting circadian rhythms to
match athletes' peak perfor
mance with the time of their
competition.
In the betting mood? The
next time you watch Monday
Night Football you might find
the research of Roger Smith,
former clinical research fellow,
at Stanford's Sleep Disorders
Center, of particular interest.
Prior research has indicated
that throughout the day, peo
ple experience peaks and val
leys in their athletic ability.
For many sports, a person's
peak athletic performance
occurs in the late afternoon

and early evening.
Applying this information to
the world of professional foot
ball, Smith hypothesized that
in Monday Night Football
match-ups between West Coast
and East Coast teams the time
of the game would favor West
Coast teams because relative to
their body clock (circadian
rhythms), the West Coast team
athletes are playing closer to
their peak athletic time.
In an analysis of Monday

Night Football games over the
past 25 years, Smith discovered
that by betting on West Coast
teams he would correctly pick
the winner against the point
spread 68 percent of the time.
In light of the extremely
narrow margin of victory in
many sports events, future
sports training might include
adjusting circadian rhythms to
match athletes' peak perfor
mance with the time of their
competition.
In the betting mood? The
next time you watch Monday
Night Football you might find
the research of Roger Smith,
former clinical research fellow,
at Stanford's Sleep Disorders
Center, of particular interest.
Prior research has indicated
that throughout the day, peo
ple experience peaks and val
leys in their athletic ability.
For many sports, a person's
peak athletic performance
occurs in the late afternoon

and early evening.
Applying this information to
the world of professional foot
ball, Smith hypothesized that
in Monday Night Football
match-ups between West Coast
and East Coast teams the time
of the game would favor West
Coast teams because relative to
their body clock (circadian
rhythms), the West Coast team
athletes are playing closer to
their peak athletic time.
In an analysis of Monday

Night Football games over the
past 25 years, Smith discovered
that by betting on West Coast
teams he would correctly pick
the winner against the point
spread 68 percent of the time.
In light of the extremely
narrow margin of victory in
many sports events, future
sports training might include
adjusting circadian rhythms to
match athletes' peak perfor
mance with the time of their
competition.
In the betting mood? The
next time you watch Monday
Night Football you might find
the research of Roger Smith,
former clinical research fellow,
at Stanford's Sleep Disorders
Center, of particular interest.
Prior research has indicated
that throughout the day, peo
ple experience peaks and val
leys in their athletic ability.
For many sports, a person's
peak athletic performance
occurs in the late afternoon

and early evening.
Applying this information to
the world of professional foot
ball, Smith hypothesized that
in Monday Night Football
match-ups between West Coast
and East Coast teams the time
of the game would favor West
Coast teams because relative to
their body clock (circadian
rhythms), the West Coast team
athletes are playing closer to
their peak athletic time.
In an analysis of Monday

Night Football games over the
past 25 years, Smith discovered
that by betting on West Coast
teams he would correctly pick
the winner against the point
spread 68 percent of the time.
In light of the extremely
narrow margin of victory in
many sports events, future
sports training might include
adjusting circadian rhythms to
match athletes' peak perfor
mance with the time of their
competition.
In the betting mood? The
next time you watch Monday
Night Football you might find
the research of Roger Smith,
former clinical research fellow,
at Stanford's Sleep Disorders
Center, of particular interest.
Prior research has indicated
that throughout the day, peo
ple experience peaks and val
leys in their athletic ability.
For many sports, a person's
peak athletic performance
occurs in the late afternoon

and early evening.
Applying this information to
the world of professional foot
ball, Smith hypothesized that
in Monday Night Football
match-ups between West Coast
and East Coast teams the time
of the game would favor West
Coast teams because relative to
their body clock (circadian
rhythms), the West Coast team
athletes are playing closer to
their peak athletic time.
In an analysis of Monday

Night Football games over the
past 25 years, Smith discovered
that by betting on West Coast
teams he would correctly pick
the winner against the point
spread 68 percent of the time.
In light of the extremely
narrow margin of victory in
many sports events, future
sports training might include
adjusting circadian rhythms to
match athletes' peak perfor
mance with the time of their
competition.
In the betting mood? The
next time you watch Monday
Night Football you might find
the research of Roger Smith,
former clinical research fellow,
at Stanford's Sleep Disorders
Center, of particular interest.
Prior research has indicated
that throughout the day, peo
ple experience peaks and val
leys in their athletic ability.
For many sports, a person's
peak athletic performance
occurs in the late afternoon

and early evening.
Applying this information to
the world of professional foot
ball, Smith hypothesized that
in Monday Night Football
match-ups between West Coast
and East Coast teams the time
of the game would favor West
Coast teams because relative to
their body clock (circadian
rhythms), the West Coast team
athletes are playing closer to
their peak athletic time.
In an analysis of Monday

Night Football games over the
past 25 years, Smith discovered
that by betting on West Coast
teams he would correctly pick
the winner against the point
spread 68 percent of the time.
In light of the extremely
narrow margin of victory in
many sports events, future
sports training might include
adjusting circadian rhythms to
match athletes' peak perfor
mance with the time of their
competition.
