# Continued from U. Views, page 4.
## 
### 
Spending the holidays with the fanii
ly is cheers. We've always had a gmxl
time DJ Menuet, junior, Louisiana
State U. • Holidays with the family
are definitely cheers. Always have
been, and hopefully always will be.
Matt Honnold, senior, Eastern Illi
nois U. • Holidays with the family
are definitely cheers. As college stu
dents, we don't get to spend a lot of
time with our families because of
work and homework and studying.
It's nice to be able to kick back and
spend time with my parents and my
sibs and just have a great time.
Delana Orr, sophomore, Eastern
Michigan U. • Definitely cheers. I
believe that the holidays are an
important time for the family. There
aren't too many times that the family
can actually get together and be a
unit. There arc so many people
ignoring each other and not paying
attention to family values. So yes, I
think it's absolutely important. Amy
Edgar, senior, Florida International
U. • I hate to say tears about going
home to be with my family, but at
my school we have a full month off
for Christmas break, which can Ik a
little ux) long if you ask me. Jeremy
Campbell, junior, Auburn U., Ala.
Spending the holidays with the fanii
ly is cheers. We've always had a gmxl
time DJ Menuet, junior, Louisiana
State U. • Holidays with the family
are definitely cheers. Always have
been, and hopefully always will be.
Matt Honnold, senior, Eastern Illi
nois U. • Holidays with the family
are definitely cheers. As college stu
dents, we don't get to spend a lot of
time with our families because of
work and homework and studying.
It's nice to be able to kick back and
spend time with my parents and my
sibs and just have a great time.
Delana Orr, sophomore, Eastern
Michigan U. • Definitely cheers. I
believe that the holidays are an
important time for the family. There
aren't too many times that the family
can actually get together and be a
unit. There arc so many people
ignoring each other and not paying
attention to family values. So yes, I
think it's absolutely important. Amy
Edgar, senior, Florida International
U. • I hate to say tears about going
home to be with my family, but at
my school we have a full month off
for Christmas break, which can Ik a
little ux) long if you ask me. Jeremy
Campbell, junior, Auburn U., Ala.
Spending the holidays with the fanii
ly is cheers. We've always had a gmxl
time DJ Menuet, junior, Louisiana
State U. • Holidays with the family
are definitely cheers. Always have
been, and hopefully always will be.
Matt Honnold, senior, Eastern Illi
nois U. • Holidays with the family
are definitely cheers. As college stu
dents, we don't get to spend a lot of
time with our families because of
work and homework and studying.
It's nice to be able to kick back and
spend time with my parents and my
sibs and just have a great time.
Delana Orr, sophomore, Eastern
Michigan U. • Definitely cheers. I
believe that the holidays are an
important time for the family. There
aren't too many times that the family
can actually get together and be a
unit. There arc so many people
ignoring each other and not paying
attention to family values. So yes, I
think it's absolutely important. Amy
Edgar, senior, Florida International
U. • I hate to say tears about going
home to be with my family, but at
my school we have a full month off
for Christmas break, which can Ik a
little ux) long if you ask me. Jeremy
Campbell, junior, Auburn U., Ala.
Spending the holidays with the fanii
ly is cheers. We've always had a gmxl
time DJ Menuet, junior, Louisiana
State U. • Holidays with the family
are definitely cheers. Always have
been, and hopefully always will be.
Matt Honnold, senior, Eastern Illi
nois U. • Holidays with the family
are definitely cheers. As college stu
dents, we don't get to spend a lot of
time with our families because of
work and homework and studying.
It's nice to be able to kick back and
spend time with my parents and my
sibs and just have a great time.
Delana Orr, sophomore, Eastern
Michigan U. • Definitely cheers. I
believe that the holidays are an
important time for the family. There
aren't too many times that the family
can actually get together and be a
unit. There arc so many people
ignoring each other and not paying
attention to family values. So yes, I
think it's absolutely important. Amy
Edgar, senior, Florida International
U. • I hate to say tears about going
home to be with my family, but at
my school we have a full month off
for Christmas break, which can Ik a
little ux) long if you ask me. Jeremy
Campbell, junior, Auburn U., Ala.
Spending the holidays with the fanii
ly is cheers. We've always had a gmxl
time DJ Menuet, junior, Louisiana
State U. • Holidays with the family
are definitely cheers. Always have
been, and hopefully always will be.
Matt Honnold, senior, Eastern Illi
nois U. • Holidays with the family
are definitely cheers. As college stu
dents, we don't get to spend a lot of
time with our families because of
work and homework and studying.
It's nice to be able to kick back and
spend time with my parents and my
sibs and just have a great time.
Delana Orr, sophomore, Eastern
Michigan U. • Definitely cheers. I
believe that the holidays are an
important time for the family. There
aren't too many times that the family
can actually get together and be a
unit. There arc so many people
ignoring each other and not paying
attention to family values. So yes, I
think it's absolutely important. Amy
Edgar, senior, Florida International
U. • I hate to say tears about going
home to be with my family, but at
my school we have a full month off
for Christmas break, which can Ik a
little ux) long if you ask me. Jeremy
Campbell, junior, Auburn U., Ala.
Spending the holidays with the fanii
ly is cheers. We've always had a gmxl
time DJ Menuet, junior, Louisiana
State U. • Holidays with the family
are definitely cheers. Always have
been, and hopefully always will be.
Matt Honnold, senior, Eastern Illi
nois U. • Holidays with the family
are definitely cheers. As college stu
dents, we don't get to spend a lot of
time with our families because of
work and homework and studying.
It's nice to be able to kick back and
spend time with my parents and my
sibs and just have a great time.
Delana Orr, sophomore, Eastern
Michigan U. • Definitely cheers. I
believe that the holidays are an
important time for the family. There
aren't too many times that the family
can actually get together and be a
unit. There arc so many people
ignoring each other and not paying
attention to family values. So yes, I
think it's absolutely important. Amy
Edgar, senior, Florida International
U. • I hate to say tears about going
home to be with my family, but at
my school we have a full month off
for Christmas break, which can Ik a
little ux) long if you ask me. Jeremy
Campbell, junior, Auburn U., Ala.
