# Wilbur Named To Education Board
## 
### 
Named a member of the national
board of radio education supervi
sion, Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, Uni
versity president, will take active
par tin planning and executing a
series of programs for fostering
adult education through radio in
the United States, to be broadcast
by the Columbia Broadcasting Sys
tem.
The board, headed by Dr. Lyman
Bryson, who is professor of educa
tion at Teachers' College, Columbia
University, will meet in New York
this week to decide the scope
and purpose of adult education over
the air.
Co-operating with the Columbia
system, the board will work toward
perfecting techniques designed to
attract nation-wide audiences and
be of educational value.
