# Japanese Propose 'War To Death'
## 
### 
TOKIO, Monday, Jan. 17. (UP) —
Prince Fumimaro Konoye, prime
minister of Japan, today summoned
high government officials to a con
ference which is expected to em
bark "Japan upon a "war to the
death - ' against the Chinese regime
of Generalissimo Chiang Kai-Shek.
The conference was called to ex
plain to leading members of the
Japanese diet the action taken last
week by the conference of military,
naval and government leaders in
the presence of Emperor Hirohito.
Presumably the government will
announce the refusal of the Chinese
central government to accept Ja
pan's peace terms, and will pledge
the government to war — whether
declared or undeclared—to the fin
ish to "restore peace in the Orient."
