# PICTURES BRING TERM
## 
### 
METZ. France, Jan. 16 (UP).—The
court sentenced two Swedish tour
ists, Nils Maimson, 32 and Harold
Carlson, 24. to three months in
prison for photographing the famed
Maeinot line.
METZ. France, Jan. 16 (UP).—The
court sentenced two Swedish tour
ists, Nils Maimson, 32 and Harold
Carlson, 24. to three months in
prison for photographing the famed
Maeinot line.
METZ. France, Jan. 16 (UP).—The
court sentenced two Swedish tour
ists, Nils Maimson, 32 and Harold
Carlson, 24. to three months in
prison for photographing the famed
Maeinot line.
METZ. France, Jan. 16 (UP).—The
court sentenced two Swedish tour
ists, Nils Maimson, 32 and Harold
Carlson, 24. to three months in
prison for photographing the famed
Maeinot line.
METZ. France, Jan. 16 (UP).—The
court sentenced two Swedish tour
ists, Nils Maimson, 32 and Harold
Carlson, 24. to three months in
prison for photographing the famed
Maeinot line.
METZ. France, Jan. 16 (UP).—The
court sentenced two Swedish tour
ists, Nils Maimson, 32 and Harold
Carlson, 24. to three months in
prison for photographing the famed
Maeinot line.
METZ. France, Jan. 16 (UP).—The
court sentenced two Swedish tour
ists, Nils Maimson, 32 and Harold
Carlson, 24. to three months in
prison for photographing the famed
Maeinot line.
METZ. France, Jan. 16 (UP).—The
court sentenced two Swedish tour
ists, Nils Maimson, 32 and Harold
Carlson, 24. to three months in
prison for photographing the famed
Maeinot line.
METZ. France, Jan. 16 (UP).—The
court sentenced two Swedish tour
ists, Nils Maimson, 32 and Harold
Carlson, 24. to three months in
prison for photographing the famed
Maeinot line.
METZ. France, Jan. 16 (UP).—The
court sentenced two Swedish tour
ists, Nils Maimson, 32 and Harold
Carlson, 24. to three months in
prison for photographing the famed
Maeinot line.
METZ. France, Jan. 16 (UP).—The
court sentenced two Swedish tour
ists, Nils Maimson, 32 and Harold
Carlson, 24. to three months in
prison for photographing the famed
Maeinot line.
METZ. France, Jan. 16 (UP).—The
court sentenced two Swedish tour
ists, Nils Maimson, 32 and Harold
Carlson, 24. to three months in
prison for photographing the famed
Maeinot line.
METZ. France, Jan. 16 (UP).—The
court sentenced two Swedish tour
ists, Nils Maimson, 32 and Harold
Carlson, 24. to three months in
prison for photographing the famed
Maeinot line.
METZ. France, Jan. 16 (UP).—The
court sentenced two Swedish tour
ists, Nils Maimson, 32 and Harold
Carlson, 24. to three months in
prison for photographing the famed
Maeinot line.
METZ. France, Jan. 16 (UP).—The
court sentenced two Swedish tour
ists, Nils Maimson, 32 and Harold
Carlson, 24. to three months in
prison for photographing the famed
Maeinot line.
