# TICKET SALE TODAY
## 
### 
Hooters' tickets for the Cal
game next Friday night at Ber
keley will go on sale at the
B.A.C. Monday and Tuesday
from Sto 5 o'clock. The
tickets will cost 40 cents.
Hooters' tickets for the Cal
game next Friday night at Ber
keley will go on sale at the
B.A.C. Monday and Tuesday
from Sto 5 o'clock. The
tickets will cost 40 cents.
Hooters' tickets for the Cal
game next Friday night at Ber
keley will go on sale at the
B.A.C. Monday and Tuesday
from Sto 5 o'clock. The
tickets will cost 40 cents.
Hooters' tickets for the Cal
game next Friday night at Ber
keley will go on sale at the
B.A.C. Monday and Tuesday
from Sto 5 o'clock. The
tickets will cost 40 cents.
Hooters' tickets for the Cal
game next Friday night at Ber
keley will go on sale at the
B.A.C. Monday and Tuesday
from Sto 5 o'clock. The
tickets will cost 40 cents.
Hooters' tickets for the Cal
game next Friday night at Ber
keley will go on sale at the
B.A.C. Monday and Tuesday
from Sto 5 o'clock. The
tickets will cost 40 cents.
Hooters' tickets for the Cal
game next Friday night at Ber
keley will go on sale at the
B.A.C. Monday and Tuesday
from Sto 5 o'clock. The
tickets will cost 40 cents.
Hooters' tickets for the Cal
game next Friday night at Ber
keley will go on sale at the
B.A.C. Monday and Tuesday
from Sto 5 o'clock. The
tickets will cost 40 cents.
Hooters' tickets for the Cal
game next Friday night at Ber
keley will go on sale at the
B.A.C. Monday and Tuesday
from Sto 5 o'clock. The
tickets will cost 40 cents.
Hooters' tickets for the Cal
game next Friday night at Ber
keley will go on sale at the
B.A.C. Monday and Tuesday
from Sto 5 o'clock. The
tickets will cost 40 cents.
Hooters' tickets for the Cal
game next Friday night at Ber
keley will go on sale at the
B.A.C. Monday and Tuesday
from Sto 5 o'clock. The
tickets will cost 40 cents.
Hooters' tickets for the Cal
game next Friday night at Ber
keley will go on sale at the
B.A.C. Monday and Tuesday
from Sto 5 o'clock. The
tickets will cost 40 cents.
Hooters' tickets for the Cal
game next Friday night at Ber
keley will go on sale at the
B.A.C. Monday and Tuesday
from Sto 5 o'clock. The
tickets will cost 40 cents.
Hooters' tickets for the Cal
game next Friday night at Ber
keley will go on sale at the
B.A.C. Monday and Tuesday
from Sto 5 o'clock. The
tickets will cost 40 cents.
Hooters' tickets for the Cal
game next Friday night at Ber
keley will go on sale at the
B.A.C. Monday and Tuesday
from Sto 5 o'clock. The
tickets will cost 40 cents.
