# VET BOOK DEADLINE
## 
### 
Today is the last day of the
quarter in which veterans may
pll ri'hasc books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Today is the last day of the
quarter in which veterans may
pll ri'hasc books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Today is the last day of the
quarter in which veterans may
pll ri'hasc books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Today is the last day of the
quarter in which veterans may
pll ri'hasc books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Today is the last day of the
quarter in which veterans may
pll ri'hasc books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Today is the last day of the
quarter in which veterans may
pll ri'hasc books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Today is the last day of the
quarter in which veterans may
pll ri'hasc books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Today is the last day of the
quarter in which veterans may
pll ri'hasc books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Today is the last day of the
quarter in which veterans may
pll ri'hasc books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Today is the last day of the
quarter in which veterans may
pll ri'hasc books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Today is the last day of the
quarter in which veterans may
pll ri'hasc books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Today is the last day of the
quarter in which veterans may
pll ri'hasc books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Today is the last day of the
quarter in which veterans may
pll ri'hasc books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Today is the last day of the
quarter in which veterans may
pll ri'hasc books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
