# D.U. PLEDGE
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledges of Bruce Merickle, '40.
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledges of Bruce Merickle, '40.
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledges of Bruce Merickle, '40.
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledges of Bruce Merickle, '40.
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledges of Bruce Merickle, '40.
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledges of Bruce Merickle, '40.
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledges of Bruce Merickle, '40.
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledges of Bruce Merickle, '40.
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledges of Bruce Merickle, '40.
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledges of Bruce Merickle, '40.
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledges of Bruce Merickle, '40.
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledges of Bruce Merickle, '40.
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledges of Bruce Merickle, '40.
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledges of Bruce Merickle, '40.
to Delta Upsilon.
Interfraternity Council announces
the pledges of Bruce Merickle, '40.
to Delta Upsilon.
