# 'Y' to Entertain Sponsors Today
## 
### 
All women sponsors will be en
tertained at a tea to be given in
their honor by the members of the
Y.W.C.A. Cabinet this afternoon
from 3 to 5 o'clock in the Women's
Clubhouse. Guest speaker at the
annual tea will be Miss Florence
Brown, student president of the
Y.W.C.A. at the University of Cali
fornia.
According to Virginia McClo.skcy,
general chairman of the affair, Miss
Brown will speak on the topic, "The
Y.W.C.A. and Its Relation to the
Cal Freshman."
Special guests at the tea will in
clude Miss Anastasia Doyle, Miss
Rosamund Clark, Mrs. Leona B.
Diekema, and Miss Eleanor Eddy.
Committees for the affair are as
follows: invitations, Eleanor Mar
quand and Betty Nichols; refresh
ments, Kay Adams, Elaine Stone,
and Marbry Ponsford; serving,
Ruthelen List, Leila Arthur, Betly
Nichols and Helen Shroeder; deco
rations, Evelyn Chapman.
