# Feller Fans 18 for New Record
## 
### 

808 FEI.I.ER. right, hot-and-cold Cleveland Indian pitcher, is shown
with Catcher Frankie Pytlak after he struck out IS Timers in the
opener to break the major league record for strikeouts in one game.
Despite his efforts, his team lost both games to the Detroit Tigers
during a double-header at Cleveland. (Acme Telephoto)

808 FEI.I.ER. right, hot-and-cold Cleveland Indian pitcher, is shown
with Catcher Frankie Pytlak after he struck out IS Timers in the
opener to break the major league record for strikeouts in one game.
Despite his efforts, his team lost both games to the Detroit Tigers
during a double-header at Cleveland. (Acme Telephoto)

808 FEI.I.ER. right, hot-and-cold Cleveland Indian pitcher, is shown
with Catcher Frankie Pytlak after he struck out IS Timers in the
opener to break the major league record for strikeouts in one game.
Despite his efforts, his team lost both games to the Detroit Tigers
during a double-header at Cleveland. (Acme Telephoto)

808 FEI.I.ER. right, hot-and-cold Cleveland Indian pitcher, is shown
with Catcher Frankie Pytlak after he struck out IS Timers in the
opener to break the major league record for strikeouts in one game.
Despite his efforts, his team lost both games to the Detroit Tigers
during a double-header at Cleveland. (Acme Telephoto)

808 FEI.I.ER. right, hot-and-cold Cleveland Indian pitcher, is shown
with Catcher Frankie Pytlak after he struck out IS Timers in the
opener to break the major league record for strikeouts in one game.
Despite his efforts, his team lost both games to the Detroit Tigers
during a double-header at Cleveland. (Acme Telephoto)

808 FEI.I.ER. right, hot-and-cold Cleveland Indian pitcher, is shown
with Catcher Frankie Pytlak after he struck out IS Timers in the
opener to break the major league record for strikeouts in one game.
Despite his efforts, his team lost both games to the Detroit Tigers
during a double-header at Cleveland. (Acme Telephoto)

808 FEI.I.ER. right, hot-and-cold Cleveland Indian pitcher, is shown
with Catcher Frankie Pytlak after he struck out IS Timers in the
opener to break the major league record for strikeouts in one game.
Despite his efforts, his team lost both games to the Detroit Tigers
during a double-header at Cleveland. (Acme Telephoto)

808 FEI.I.ER. right, hot-and-cold Cleveland Indian pitcher, is shown
with Catcher Frankie Pytlak after he struck out IS Timers in the
opener to break the major league record for strikeouts in one game.
Despite his efforts, his team lost both games to the Detroit Tigers
during a double-header at Cleveland. (Acme Telephoto)

808 FEI.I.ER. right, hot-and-cold Cleveland Indian pitcher, is shown
with Catcher Frankie Pytlak after he struck out IS Timers in the
opener to break the major league record for strikeouts in one game.
Despite his efforts, his team lost both games to the Detroit Tigers
during a double-header at Cleveland. (Acme Telephoto)

808 FEI.I.ER. right, hot-and-cold Cleveland Indian pitcher, is shown
with Catcher Frankie Pytlak after he struck out IS Timers in the
opener to break the major league record for strikeouts in one game.
Despite his efforts, his team lost both games to the Detroit Tigers
during a double-header at Cleveland. (Acme Telephoto)

808 FEI.I.ER. right, hot-and-cold Cleveland Indian pitcher, is shown
with Catcher Frankie Pytlak after he struck out IS Timers in the
opener to break the major league record for strikeouts in one game.
Despite his efforts, his team lost both games to the Detroit Tigers
during a double-header at Cleveland. (Acme Telephoto)

808 FEI.I.ER. right, hot-and-cold Cleveland Indian pitcher, is shown
with Catcher Frankie Pytlak after he struck out IS Timers in the
opener to break the major league record for strikeouts in one game.
Despite his efforts, his team lost both games to the Detroit Tigers
during a double-header at Cleveland. (Acme Telephoto)

808 FEI.I.ER. right, hot-and-cold Cleveland Indian pitcher, is shown
with Catcher Frankie Pytlak after he struck out IS Timers in the
opener to break the major league record for strikeouts in one game.
Despite his efforts, his team lost both games to the Detroit Tigers
during a double-header at Cleveland. (Acme Telephoto)

808 FEI.I.ER. right, hot-and-cold Cleveland Indian pitcher, is shown
with Catcher Frankie Pytlak after he struck out IS Timers in the
opener to break the major league record for strikeouts in one game.
Despite his efforts, his team lost both games to the Detroit Tigers
during a double-header at Cleveland. (Acme Telephoto)

808 FEI.I.ER. right, hot-and-cold Cleveland Indian pitcher, is shown
with Catcher Frankie Pytlak after he struck out IS Timers in the
opener to break the major league record for strikeouts in one game.
Despite his efforts, his team lost both games to the Detroit Tigers
during a double-header at Cleveland. (Acme Telephoto)
