# SIGMA NU PLEDGE
## 
### 
The Interfratemity Council an
nounces the pledging of Walter
Ilooker, '40, and Woody Leahy, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
The Interfratemity Council an
nounces the pledging of Walter
Ilooker, '40, and Woody Leahy, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
The Interfratemity Council an
nounces the pledging of Walter
Ilooker, '40, and Woody Leahy, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
The Interfratemity Council an
nounces the pledging of Walter
Ilooker, '40, and Woody Leahy, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
The Interfratemity Council an
nounces the pledging of Walter
Ilooker, '40, and Woody Leahy, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
The Interfratemity Council an
nounces the pledging of Walter
Ilooker, '40, and Woody Leahy, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
The Interfratemity Council an
nounces the pledging of Walter
Ilooker, '40, and Woody Leahy, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
The Interfratemity Council an
nounces the pledging of Walter
Ilooker, '40, and Woody Leahy, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
The Interfratemity Council an
nounces the pledging of Walter
Ilooker, '40, and Woody Leahy, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
The Interfratemity Council an
nounces the pledging of Walter
Ilooker, '40, and Woody Leahy, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
The Interfratemity Council an
nounces the pledging of Walter
Ilooker, '40, and Woody Leahy, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
The Interfratemity Council an
nounces the pledging of Walter
Ilooker, '40, and Woody Leahy, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
The Interfratemity Council an
nounces the pledging of Walter
Ilooker, '40, and Woody Leahy, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
The Interfratemity Council an
nounces the pledging of Walter
Ilooker, '40, and Woody Leahy, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
The Interfratemity Council an
nounces the pledging of Walter
Ilooker, '40, and Woody Leahy, '40,
to Sigma Nu.
