# 'Grand Illusion' Is Film Society Show
## 
### 
"Grand Illusion," starring Jean
Gabin. Erich von Stroheim, and Dita
Parlo. will be shown this Thursday
at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley Audito
rium as part of the Film Society's
summer program
Admission is by membership card
only C. O; rvv l-e purchased tor
112 t the .ioor.
"Grand Illusion," starring Jean
Gabin. Erich von Stroheim, and Dita
Parlo. will be shown this Thursday
at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley Audito
rium as part of the Film Society's
summer program
Admission is by membership card
only C. O; rvv l-e purchased tor
112 t the .ioor.
"Grand Illusion," starring Jean
Gabin. Erich von Stroheim, and Dita
Parlo. will be shown this Thursday
at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley Audito
rium as part of the Film Society's
summer program
Admission is by membership card
only C. O; rvv l-e purchased tor
112 t the .ioor.
"Grand Illusion," starring Jean
Gabin. Erich von Stroheim, and Dita
Parlo. will be shown this Thursday
at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley Audito
rium as part of the Film Society's
summer program
Admission is by membership card
only C. O; rvv l-e purchased tor
112 t the .ioor.
"Grand Illusion," starring Jean
Gabin. Erich von Stroheim, and Dita
Parlo. will be shown this Thursday
at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley Audito
rium as part of the Film Society's
summer program
Admission is by membership card
only C. O; rvv l-e purchased tor
112 t the .ioor.
"Grand Illusion," starring Jean
Gabin. Erich von Stroheim, and Dita
Parlo. will be shown this Thursday
at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley Audito
rium as part of the Film Society's
summer program
Admission is by membership card
only C. O; rvv l-e purchased tor
112 t the .ioor.
"Grand Illusion," starring Jean
Gabin. Erich von Stroheim, and Dita
Parlo. will be shown this Thursday
at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley Audito
rium as part of the Film Society's
summer program
Admission is by membership card
only C. O; rvv l-e purchased tor
112 t the .ioor.
"Grand Illusion," starring Jean
Gabin. Erich von Stroheim, and Dita
Parlo. will be shown this Thursday
at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley Audito
rium as part of the Film Society's
summer program
Admission is by membership card
only C. O; rvv l-e purchased tor
112 t the .ioor.
"Grand Illusion," starring Jean
Gabin. Erich von Stroheim, and Dita
Parlo. will be shown this Thursday
at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley Audito
rium as part of the Film Society's
summer program
Admission is by membership card
only C. O; rvv l-e purchased tor
112 t the .ioor.
"Grand Illusion," starring Jean
Gabin. Erich von Stroheim, and Dita
Parlo. will be shown this Thursday
at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley Audito
rium as part of the Film Society's
summer program
Admission is by membership card
only C. O; rvv l-e purchased tor
112 t the .ioor.
"Grand Illusion," starring Jean
Gabin. Erich von Stroheim, and Dita
Parlo. will be shown this Thursday
at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley Audito
rium as part of the Film Society's
summer program
Admission is by membership card
only C. O; rvv l-e purchased tor
112 t the .ioor.
"Grand Illusion," starring Jean
Gabin. Erich von Stroheim, and Dita
Parlo. will be shown this Thursday
at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley Audito
rium as part of the Film Society's
summer program
Admission is by membership card
only C. O; rvv l-e purchased tor
112 t the .ioor.
"Grand Illusion," starring Jean
Gabin. Erich von Stroheim, and Dita
Parlo. will be shown this Thursday
at 7:30 p.m. in Cubberley Audito
rium as part of the Film Society's
summer program
Admission is by membership card
only C. O; rvv l-e purchased tor
112 t the .ioor.
