# Doubles Tourney To Enter Second Round of Matches
## 
### 
Mixed doubles tennis will enter
the second round as soon as the
first-round winners record the out
come of match play on the tourna
ment charts in both the men's and
women's gyms, it was reported yes
terday. First - round pldy ended
yesterday.
Duos listed as progressing into
the second round are Jim Frolik—
Roberta Bristol; Pete Barney—Thee
Pappas; John Ford—Pat Hoffman;
Joanne Howard — Jack .Pendery;
Phil Gallagher—Georgia Williams;
L. Peck—Donna Miller; John Figg-
Hoblyn—Jane Burgess; Kay Ban
ning—lrv Swain; and Ken Burton—
Virginia Gnose.
Mixed doubles tennis will enter
the second round as soon as the
first-round winners record the out
come of match play on the tourna
ment charts in both the men's and
women's gyms, it was reported yes
terday. First - round pldy ended
yesterday.
Duos listed as progressing into
the second round are Jim Frolik—
Roberta Bristol; Pete Barney—Thee
Pappas; John Ford—Pat Hoffman;
Joanne Howard — Jack .Pendery;
Phil Gallagher—Georgia Williams;
L. Peck—Donna Miller; John Figg-
Hoblyn—Jane Burgess; Kay Ban
ning—lrv Swain; and Ken Burton—
Virginia Gnose.
Mixed doubles tennis will enter
the second round as soon as the
first-round winners record the out
come of match play on the tourna
ment charts in both the men's and
women's gyms, it was reported yes
terday. First - round pldy ended
yesterday.
Duos listed as progressing into
the second round are Jim Frolik—
Roberta Bristol; Pete Barney—Thee
Pappas; John Ford—Pat Hoffman;
Joanne Howard — Jack .Pendery;
Phil Gallagher—Georgia Williams;
L. Peck—Donna Miller; John Figg-
Hoblyn—Jane Burgess; Kay Ban
ning—lrv Swain; and Ken Burton—
Virginia Gnose.
Mixed doubles tennis will enter
the second round as soon as the
first-round winners record the out
come of match play on the tourna
ment charts in both the men's and
women's gyms, it was reported yes
terday. First - round pldy ended
yesterday.
Duos listed as progressing into
the second round are Jim Frolik—
Roberta Bristol; Pete Barney—Thee
Pappas; John Ford—Pat Hoffman;
Joanne Howard — Jack .Pendery;
Phil Gallagher—Georgia Williams;
L. Peck—Donna Miller; John Figg-
Hoblyn—Jane Burgess; Kay Ban
ning—lrv Swain; and Ken Burton—
Virginia Gnose.
Mixed doubles tennis will enter
the second round as soon as the
first-round winners record the out
come of match play on the tourna
ment charts in both the men's and
women's gyms, it was reported yes
terday. First - round pldy ended
yesterday.
Duos listed as progressing into
the second round are Jim Frolik—
Roberta Bristol; Pete Barney—Thee
Pappas; John Ford—Pat Hoffman;
Joanne Howard — Jack .Pendery;
Phil Gallagher—Georgia Williams;
L. Peck—Donna Miller; John Figg-
Hoblyn—Jane Burgess; Kay Ban
ning—lrv Swain; and Ken Burton—
Virginia Gnose.
Mixed doubles tennis will enter
the second round as soon as the
first-round winners record the out
come of match play on the tourna
ment charts in both the men's and
women's gyms, it was reported yes
terday. First - round pldy ended
yesterday.
Duos listed as progressing into
the second round are Jim Frolik—
Roberta Bristol; Pete Barney—Thee
Pappas; John Ford—Pat Hoffman;
Joanne Howard — Jack .Pendery;
Phil Gallagher—Georgia Williams;
L. Peck—Donna Miller; John Figg-
Hoblyn—Jane Burgess; Kay Ban
ning—lrv Swain; and Ken Burton—
Virginia Gnose.
Mixed doubles tennis will enter
the second round as soon as the
first-round winners record the out
come of match play on the tourna
ment charts in both the men's and
women's gyms, it was reported yes
terday. First - round pldy ended
yesterday.
Duos listed as progressing into
the second round are Jim Frolik—
Roberta Bristol; Pete Barney—Thee
Pappas; John Ford—Pat Hoffman;
Joanne Howard — Jack .Pendery;
Phil Gallagher—Georgia Williams;
L. Peck—Donna Miller; John Figg-
Hoblyn—Jane Burgess; Kay Ban
ning—lrv Swain; and Ken Burton—
Virginia Gnose.
Mixed doubles tennis will enter
the second round as soon as the
first-round winners record the out
come of match play on the tourna
ment charts in both the men's and
women's gyms, it was reported yes
terday. First - round pldy ended
yesterday.
Duos listed as progressing into
the second round are Jim Frolik—
Roberta Bristol; Pete Barney—Thee
Pappas; John Ford—Pat Hoffman;
Joanne Howard — Jack .Pendery;
Phil Gallagher—Georgia Williams;
L. Peck—Donna Miller; John Figg-
Hoblyn—Jane Burgess; Kay Ban
ning—lrv Swain; and Ken Burton—
Virginia Gnose.
Mixed doubles tennis will enter
the second round as soon as the
first-round winners record the out
come of match play on the tourna
ment charts in both the men's and
women's gyms, it was reported yes
terday. First - round pldy ended
yesterday.
Duos listed as progressing into
the second round are Jim Frolik—
Roberta Bristol; Pete Barney—Thee
Pappas; John Ford—Pat Hoffman;
Joanne Howard — Jack .Pendery;
Phil Gallagher—Georgia Williams;
L. Peck—Donna Miller; John Figg-
Hoblyn—Jane Burgess; Kay Ban
ning—lrv Swain; and Ken Burton—
Virginia Gnose.
Mixed doubles tennis will enter
the second round as soon as the
first-round winners record the out
come of match play on the tourna
ment charts in both the men's and
women's gyms, it was reported yes
terday. First - round pldy ended
yesterday.
Duos listed as progressing into
the second round are Jim Frolik—
Roberta Bristol; Pete Barney—Thee
Pappas; John Ford—Pat Hoffman;
Joanne Howard — Jack .Pendery;
Phil Gallagher—Georgia Williams;
L. Peck—Donna Miller; John Figg-
Hoblyn—Jane Burgess; Kay Ban
ning—lrv Swain; and Ken Burton—
Virginia Gnose.
Mixed doubles tennis will enter
the second round as soon as the
first-round winners record the out
come of match play on the tourna
ment charts in both the men's and
women's gyms, it was reported yes
terday. First - round pldy ended
yesterday.
Duos listed as progressing into
the second round are Jim Frolik—
Roberta Bristol; Pete Barney—Thee
Pappas; John Ford—Pat Hoffman;
Joanne Howard — Jack .Pendery;
Phil Gallagher—Georgia Williams;
L. Peck—Donna Miller; John Figg-
Hoblyn—Jane Burgess; Kay Ban
ning—lrv Swain; and Ken Burton—
Virginia Gnose.
Mixed doubles tennis will enter
the second round as soon as the
first-round winners record the out
come of match play on the tourna
ment charts in both the men's and
women's gyms, it was reported yes
terday. First - round pldy ended
yesterday.
Duos listed as progressing into
the second round are Jim Frolik—
Roberta Bristol; Pete Barney—Thee
Pappas; John Ford—Pat Hoffman;
Joanne Howard — Jack .Pendery;
Phil Gallagher—Georgia Williams;
L. Peck—Donna Miller; John Figg-
Hoblyn—Jane Burgess; Kay Ban
ning—lrv Swain; and Ken Burton—
Virginia Gnose.
Mixed doubles tennis will enter
the second round as soon as the
first-round winners record the out
come of match play on the tourna
ment charts in both the men's and
women's gyms, it was reported yes
terday. First - round pldy ended
yesterday.
Duos listed as progressing into
the second round are Jim Frolik—
Roberta Bristol; Pete Barney—Thee
Pappas; John Ford—Pat Hoffman;
Joanne Howard — Jack .Pendery;
Phil Gallagher—Georgia Williams;
L. Peck—Donna Miller; John Figg-
Hoblyn—Jane Burgess; Kay Ban
ning—lrv Swain; and Ken Burton—
Virginia Gnose.
