# CHEMIST TO SPEAK
## 
### 
Dr. Go.-ta Ehrensvard. head of the
apartment of physiological chcm
♦stry of Wenner - Gren Institute.
University of Stockholm, will ad
dress a joint meeting tomorrow of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society. The meeting
will held at 8 o'clock in the au
ditorium of the Stanford Chemistry
Building.
Dr. Go.-ta Ehrensvard. head of the
apartment of physiological chcm
♦stry of Wenner - Gren Institute.
University of Stockholm, will ad
dress a joint meeting tomorrow of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society. The meeting
will held at 8 o'clock in the au
ditorium of the Stanford Chemistry
Building.
Dr. Go.-ta Ehrensvard. head of the
apartment of physiological chcm
♦stry of Wenner - Gren Institute.
University of Stockholm, will ad
dress a joint meeting tomorrow of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society. The meeting
will held at 8 o'clock in the au
ditorium of the Stanford Chemistry
Building.
Dr. Go.-ta Ehrensvard. head of the
apartment of physiological chcm
♦stry of Wenner - Gren Institute.
University of Stockholm, will ad
dress a joint meeting tomorrow of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society. The meeting
will held at 8 o'clock in the au
ditorium of the Stanford Chemistry
Building.
Dr. Go.-ta Ehrensvard. head of the
apartment of physiological chcm
♦stry of Wenner - Gren Institute.
University of Stockholm, will ad
dress a joint meeting tomorrow of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society. The meeting
will held at 8 o'clock in the au
ditorium of the Stanford Chemistry
Building.
Dr. Go.-ta Ehrensvard. head of the
apartment of physiological chcm
♦stry of Wenner - Gren Institute.
University of Stockholm, will ad
dress a joint meeting tomorrow of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society. The meeting
will held at 8 o'clock in the au
ditorium of the Stanford Chemistry
Building.
Dr. Go.-ta Ehrensvard. head of the
apartment of physiological chcm
♦stry of Wenner - Gren Institute.
University of Stockholm, will ad
dress a joint meeting tomorrow of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society. The meeting
will held at 8 o'clock in the au
ditorium of the Stanford Chemistry
Building.
Dr. Go.-ta Ehrensvard. head of the
apartment of physiological chcm
♦stry of Wenner - Gren Institute.
University of Stockholm, will ad
dress a joint meeting tomorrow of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society. The meeting
will held at 8 o'clock in the au
ditorium of the Stanford Chemistry
Building.
Dr. Go.-ta Ehrensvard. head of the
apartment of physiological chcm
♦stry of Wenner - Gren Institute.
University of Stockholm, will ad
dress a joint meeting tomorrow of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society. The meeting
will held at 8 o'clock in the au
ditorium of the Stanford Chemistry
Building.
Dr. Go.-ta Ehrensvard. head of the
apartment of physiological chcm
♦stry of Wenner - Gren Institute.
University of Stockholm, will ad
dress a joint meeting tomorrow of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society. The meeting
will held at 8 o'clock in the au
ditorium of the Stanford Chemistry
Building.
Dr. Go.-ta Ehrensvard. head of the
apartment of physiological chcm
♦stry of Wenner - Gren Institute.
University of Stockholm, will ad
dress a joint meeting tomorrow of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society. The meeting
will held at 8 o'clock in the au
ditorium of the Stanford Chemistry
Building.
Dr. Go.-ta Ehrensvard. head of the
apartment of physiological chcm
♦stry of Wenner - Gren Institute.
University of Stockholm, will ad
dress a joint meeting tomorrow of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society. The meeting
will held at 8 o'clock in the au
ditorium of the Stanford Chemistry
Building.
Dr. Go.-ta Ehrensvard. head of the
apartment of physiological chcm
♦stry of Wenner - Gren Institute.
University of Stockholm, will ad
dress a joint meeting tomorrow of
the California Section of the Ameri
can Chemical Society. The meeting
will held at 8 o'clock in the au
ditorium of the Stanford Chemistry
Building.
