# Getting It Straight
## 
### 
° — °
Questions may be mailed to the "In
formation Editor," left at the Daily
office, or phoned to the paper at PA
1074. They need not he signed, but
must concern University or student
affairs.

Question: (A) What students are
eligible for membership in the Palo
Alto Hoover-for-President Republican
Club? (B) What are the qualifications
for voting in the Presidential Pri
maries?
Answer (A) by E. D. Lakin, Club
President: Before the primaries all
Republican voters supporting Hoover
are eligible for membership. After
the primaries, all Hoover supporters
from either party will be admitted to
membership.
Answer (B) by Professor Edwin
Cottrell, Political Science Depart
ment: All those who are twenty-one
years of age, who have been state
residents for one year and county
residents for thirty days, and who
obtain their support here, may regis
ter and vote here. Non-residents may
cast "absent ballot" votes through the
mail by signing an affidavit before a
notary.
