# SENIOR WOMEN WIN FROM 1930 CAGERS
## 
### 
Senior women's basketball squad
scored 28 points against the fresh
men's 2 in a practice catno between
the first teams yesterday afternoon.
Dorothy Fordyce starred, making 12
points for the seniors.
In a second game, the sophomore
third team defeated the freshman
second team by a score of 5 to 2.
Both matches were featured by many
fouls, six in the first game, and
seven in the second. Marceline
Brown, guard, starred for the fresh
men.
Senior women's basketball squad
scored 28 points against the fresh
men's 2 in a practice catno between
the first teams yesterday afternoon.
Dorothy Fordyce starred, making 12
points for the seniors.
In a second game, the sophomore
third team defeated the freshman
second team by a score of 5 to 2.
Both matches were featured by many
fouls, six in the first game, and
seven in the second. Marceline
Brown, guard, starred for the fresh
men.
Senior women's basketball squad
scored 28 points against the fresh
men's 2 in a practice catno between
the first teams yesterday afternoon.
Dorothy Fordyce starred, making 12
points for the seniors.
In a second game, the sophomore
third team defeated the freshman
second team by a score of 5 to 2.
Both matches were featured by many
fouls, six in the first game, and
seven in the second. Marceline
Brown, guard, starred for the fresh
men.
Senior women's basketball squad
scored 28 points against the fresh
men's 2 in a practice catno between
the first teams yesterday afternoon.
Dorothy Fordyce starred, making 12
points for the seniors.
In a second game, the sophomore
third team defeated the freshman
second team by a score of 5 to 2.
Both matches were featured by many
fouls, six in the first game, and
seven in the second. Marceline
Brown, guard, starred for the fresh
men.
Senior women's basketball squad
scored 28 points against the fresh
men's 2 in a practice catno between
the first teams yesterday afternoon.
Dorothy Fordyce starred, making 12
points for the seniors.
In a second game, the sophomore
third team defeated the freshman
second team by a score of 5 to 2.
Both matches were featured by many
fouls, six in the first game, and
seven in the second. Marceline
Brown, guard, starred for the fresh
men.
Senior women's basketball squad
scored 28 points against the fresh
men's 2 in a practice catno between
the first teams yesterday afternoon.
Dorothy Fordyce starred, making 12
points for the seniors.
In a second game, the sophomore
third team defeated the freshman
second team by a score of 5 to 2.
Both matches were featured by many
fouls, six in the first game, and
seven in the second. Marceline
Brown, guard, starred for the fresh
men.
Senior women's basketball squad
scored 28 points against the fresh
men's 2 in a practice catno between
the first teams yesterday afternoon.
Dorothy Fordyce starred, making 12
points for the seniors.
In a second game, the sophomore
third team defeated the freshman
second team by a score of 5 to 2.
Both matches were featured by many
fouls, six in the first game, and
seven in the second. Marceline
Brown, guard, starred for the fresh
men.
Senior women's basketball squad
scored 28 points against the fresh
men's 2 in a practice catno between
the first teams yesterday afternoon.
Dorothy Fordyce starred, making 12
points for the seniors.
In a second game, the sophomore
third team defeated the freshman
second team by a score of 5 to 2.
Both matches were featured by many
fouls, six in the first game, and
seven in the second. Marceline
Brown, guard, starred for the fresh
men.
Senior women's basketball squad
scored 28 points against the fresh
men's 2 in a practice catno between
the first teams yesterday afternoon.
Dorothy Fordyce starred, making 12
points for the seniors.
In a second game, the sophomore
third team defeated the freshman
second team by a score of 5 to 2.
Both matches were featured by many
fouls, six in the first game, and
seven in the second. Marceline
Brown, guard, starred for the fresh
men.
Senior women's basketball squad
scored 28 points against the fresh
men's 2 in a practice catno between
the first teams yesterday afternoon.
Dorothy Fordyce starred, making 12
points for the seniors.
In a second game, the sophomore
third team defeated the freshman
second team by a score of 5 to 2.
Both matches were featured by many
fouls, six in the first game, and
seven in the second. Marceline
Brown, guard, starred for the fresh
men.
Senior women's basketball squad
scored 28 points against the fresh
men's 2 in a practice catno between
the first teams yesterday afternoon.
Dorothy Fordyce starred, making 12
points for the seniors.
In a second game, the sophomore
third team defeated the freshman
second team by a score of 5 to 2.
Both matches were featured by many
fouls, six in the first game, and
seven in the second. Marceline
Brown, guard, starred for the fresh
men.
Senior women's basketball squad
scored 28 points against the fresh
men's 2 in a practice catno between
the first teams yesterday afternoon.
Dorothy Fordyce starred, making 12
points for the seniors.
In a second game, the sophomore
third team defeated the freshman
second team by a score of 5 to 2.
Both matches were featured by many
fouls, six in the first game, and
seven in the second. Marceline
Brown, guard, starred for the fresh
men.
Senior women's basketball squad
scored 28 points against the fresh
men's 2 in a practice catno between
the first teams yesterday afternoon.
Dorothy Fordyce starred, making 12
points for the seniors.
In a second game, the sophomore
third team defeated the freshman
second team by a score of 5 to 2.
Both matches were featured by many
fouls, six in the first game, and
seven in the second. Marceline
Brown, guard, starred for the fresh
men.
Senior women's basketball squad
scored 28 points against the fresh
men's 2 in a practice catno between
the first teams yesterday afternoon.
Dorothy Fordyce starred, making 12
points for the seniors.
In a second game, the sophomore
third team defeated the freshman
second team by a score of 5 to 2.
Both matches were featured by many
fouls, six in the first game, and
seven in the second. Marceline
Brown, guard, starred for the fresh
men.
Senior women's basketball squad
scored 28 points against the fresh
men's 2 in a practice catno between
the first teams yesterday afternoon.
Dorothy Fordyce starred, making 12
points for the seniors.
In a second game, the sophomore
third team defeated the freshman
second team by a score of 5 to 2.
Both matches were featured by many
fouls, six in the first game, and
seven in the second. Marceline
Brown, guard, starred for the fresh
men.
Senior women's basketball squad
scored 28 points against the fresh
men's 2 in a practice catno between
the first teams yesterday afternoon.
Dorothy Fordyce starred, making 12
points for the seniors.
In a second game, the sophomore
third team defeated the freshman
second team by a score of 5 to 2.
Both matches were featured by many
fouls, six in the first game, and
seven in the second. Marceline
Brown, guard, starred for the fresh
men.
