# SPEAKS TONIGHT
## 
### 

Colonel R. I. Rees. assistant vice-j
president of the American Telephone
and Telegraph Company, who will
speak on "The College Man in Busi
ness" at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon
in the Little Theatre.

Colonel R. I. Rees. assistant vice-j
president of the American Telephone
and Telegraph Company, who will
speak on "The College Man in Busi
ness" at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon
in the Little Theatre.

Colonel R. I. Rees. assistant vice-j
president of the American Telephone
and Telegraph Company, who will
speak on "The College Man in Busi
ness" at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon
in the Little Theatre.

Colonel R. I. Rees. assistant vice-j
president of the American Telephone
and Telegraph Company, who will
speak on "The College Man in Busi
ness" at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon
in the Little Theatre.

Colonel R. I. Rees. assistant vice-j
president of the American Telephone
and Telegraph Company, who will
speak on "The College Man in Busi
ness" at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon
in the Little Theatre.

Colonel R. I. Rees. assistant vice-j
president of the American Telephone
and Telegraph Company, who will
speak on "The College Man in Busi
ness" at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon
in the Little Theatre.

Colonel R. I. Rees. assistant vice-j
president of the American Telephone
and Telegraph Company, who will
speak on "The College Man in Busi
ness" at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon
in the Little Theatre.

Colonel R. I. Rees. assistant vice-j
president of the American Telephone
and Telegraph Company, who will
speak on "The College Man in Busi
ness" at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon
in the Little Theatre.

Colonel R. I. Rees. assistant vice-j
president of the American Telephone
and Telegraph Company, who will
speak on "The College Man in Busi
ness" at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon
in the Little Theatre.

Colonel R. I. Rees. assistant vice-j
president of the American Telephone
and Telegraph Company, who will
speak on "The College Man in Busi
ness" at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon
in the Little Theatre.

Colonel R. I. Rees. assistant vice-j
president of the American Telephone
and Telegraph Company, who will
speak on "The College Man in Busi
ness" at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon
in the Little Theatre.

Colonel R. I. Rees. assistant vice-j
president of the American Telephone
and Telegraph Company, who will
speak on "The College Man in Busi
ness" at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon
in the Little Theatre.

Colonel R. I. Rees. assistant vice-j
president of the American Telephone
and Telegraph Company, who will
speak on "The College Man in Busi
ness" at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon
in the Little Theatre.

Colonel R. I. Rees. assistant vice-j
president of the American Telephone
and Telegraph Company, who will
speak on "The College Man in Busi
ness" at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon
in the Little Theatre.

Colonel R. I. Rees. assistant vice-j
president of the American Telephone
and Telegraph Company, who will
speak on "The College Man in Busi
ness" at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon
in the Little Theatre.

Colonel R. I. Rees. assistant vice-j
president of the American Telephone
and Telegraph Company, who will
speak on "The College Man in Busi
ness" at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon
in the Little Theatre.
