# "Hip" Returns Visage Burns ... in Interview
## 
### 
H. M. Levy, '16, of Oakland and Reno,
former Chappie editor, and ex-Stan
ford literary light, returned to the
"farm" today, to be interviewed by
news writing classes regarding the
publication of the "Oakland Tribune."
When asked regarding the best
preparation for newspaper work while
at Stanford, Levy said, "Get experi
ence in the small towns around here,
like Redwood."
"It is difficult for a college man to
,get on a paper," the ex-editor
said, thrusting his thumbs into his
vest pockets. "He is too fresh (fresh
being slang) and tries to run the
newspaper, lie is not taken seriously
by the editor.
"The biggest thing one learns in
college is to meet men. It helps to
size up men. The hardest man to
interview is a cop.
"It is hard for a man to meet men
in ordinary walks of life, after living
in the high atmosphere of college."
H. M. Levy, '16, of Oakland and Reno,
former Chappie editor, and ex-Stan
ford literary light, returned to the
"farm" today, to be interviewed by
news writing classes regarding the
publication of the "Oakland Tribune."
When asked regarding the best
preparation for newspaper work while
at Stanford, Levy said, "Get experi
ence in the small towns around here,
like Redwood."
"It is difficult for a college man to
,get on a paper," the ex-editor
said, thrusting his thumbs into his
vest pockets. "He is too fresh (fresh
being slang) and tries to run the
newspaper, lie is not taken seriously
by the editor.
"The biggest thing one learns in
college is to meet men. It helps to
size up men. The hardest man to
interview is a cop.
"It is hard for a man to meet men
in ordinary walks of life, after living
in the high atmosphere of college."
H. M. Levy, '16, of Oakland and Reno,
former Chappie editor, and ex-Stan
ford literary light, returned to the
"farm" today, to be interviewed by
news writing classes regarding the
publication of the "Oakland Tribune."
When asked regarding the best
preparation for newspaper work while
at Stanford, Levy said, "Get experi
ence in the small towns around here,
like Redwood."
"It is difficult for a college man to
,get on a paper," the ex-editor
said, thrusting his thumbs into his
vest pockets. "He is too fresh (fresh
being slang) and tries to run the
newspaper, lie is not taken seriously
by the editor.
"The biggest thing one learns in
college is to meet men. It helps to
size up men. The hardest man to
interview is a cop.
"It is hard for a man to meet men
in ordinary walks of life, after living
in the high atmosphere of college."
H. M. Levy, '16, of Oakland and Reno,
former Chappie editor, and ex-Stan
ford literary light, returned to the
"farm" today, to be interviewed by
news writing classes regarding the
publication of the "Oakland Tribune."
When asked regarding the best
preparation for newspaper work while
at Stanford, Levy said, "Get experi
ence in the small towns around here,
like Redwood."
"It is difficult for a college man to
,get on a paper," the ex-editor
said, thrusting his thumbs into his
vest pockets. "He is too fresh (fresh
being slang) and tries to run the
newspaper, lie is not taken seriously
by the editor.
"The biggest thing one learns in
college is to meet men. It helps to
size up men. The hardest man to
interview is a cop.
"It is hard for a man to meet men
in ordinary walks of life, after living
in the high atmosphere of college."
H. M. Levy, '16, of Oakland and Reno,
former Chappie editor, and ex-Stan
ford literary light, returned to the
"farm" today, to be interviewed by
news writing classes regarding the
publication of the "Oakland Tribune."
When asked regarding the best
preparation for newspaper work while
at Stanford, Levy said, "Get experi
ence in the small towns around here,
like Redwood."
"It is difficult for a college man to
,get on a paper," the ex-editor
said, thrusting his thumbs into his
vest pockets. "He is too fresh (fresh
being slang) and tries to run the
newspaper, lie is not taken seriously
by the editor.
"The biggest thing one learns in
college is to meet men. It helps to
size up men. The hardest man to
interview is a cop.
"It is hard for a man to meet men
in ordinary walks of life, after living
in the high atmosphere of college."
H. M. Levy, '16, of Oakland and Reno,
former Chappie editor, and ex-Stan
ford literary light, returned to the
"farm" today, to be interviewed by
news writing classes regarding the
publication of the "Oakland Tribune."
When asked regarding the best
preparation for newspaper work while
at Stanford, Levy said, "Get experi
ence in the small towns around here,
like Redwood."
"It is difficult for a college man to
,get on a paper," the ex-editor
said, thrusting his thumbs into his
vest pockets. "He is too fresh (fresh
being slang) and tries to run the
newspaper, lie is not taken seriously
by the editor.
"The biggest thing one learns in
college is to meet men. It helps to
size up men. The hardest man to
interview is a cop.
"It is hard for a man to meet men
in ordinary walks of life, after living
in the high atmosphere of college."
H. M. Levy, '16, of Oakland and Reno,
former Chappie editor, and ex-Stan
ford literary light, returned to the
"farm" today, to be interviewed by
news writing classes regarding the
publication of the "Oakland Tribune."
When asked regarding the best
preparation for newspaper work while
at Stanford, Levy said, "Get experi
ence in the small towns around here,
like Redwood."
"It is difficult for a college man to
,get on a paper," the ex-editor
said, thrusting his thumbs into his
vest pockets. "He is too fresh (fresh
being slang) and tries to run the
newspaper, lie is not taken seriously
by the editor.
"The biggest thing one learns in
college is to meet men. It helps to
size up men. The hardest man to
interview is a cop.
"It is hard for a man to meet men
in ordinary walks of life, after living
in the high atmosphere of college."
H. M. Levy, '16, of Oakland and Reno,
former Chappie editor, and ex-Stan
ford literary light, returned to the
"farm" today, to be interviewed by
news writing classes regarding the
publication of the "Oakland Tribune."
When asked regarding the best
preparation for newspaper work while
at Stanford, Levy said, "Get experi
ence in the small towns around here,
like Redwood."
"It is difficult for a college man to
,get on a paper," the ex-editor
said, thrusting his thumbs into his
vest pockets. "He is too fresh (fresh
being slang) and tries to run the
newspaper, lie is not taken seriously
by the editor.
"The biggest thing one learns in
college is to meet men. It helps to
size up men. The hardest man to
interview is a cop.
"It is hard for a man to meet men
in ordinary walks of life, after living
in the high atmosphere of college."
H. M. Levy, '16, of Oakland and Reno,
former Chappie editor, and ex-Stan
ford literary light, returned to the
"farm" today, to be interviewed by
news writing classes regarding the
publication of the "Oakland Tribune."
When asked regarding the best
preparation for newspaper work while
at Stanford, Levy said, "Get experi
ence in the small towns around here,
like Redwood."
"It is difficult for a college man to
,get on a paper," the ex-editor
said, thrusting his thumbs into his
vest pockets. "He is too fresh (fresh
being slang) and tries to run the
newspaper, lie is not taken seriously
by the editor.
"The biggest thing one learns in
college is to meet men. It helps to
size up men. The hardest man to
interview is a cop.
"It is hard for a man to meet men
in ordinary walks of life, after living
in the high atmosphere of college."
H. M. Levy, '16, of Oakland and Reno,
former Chappie editor, and ex-Stan
ford literary light, returned to the
"farm" today, to be interviewed by
news writing classes regarding the
publication of the "Oakland Tribune."
When asked regarding the best
preparation for newspaper work while
at Stanford, Levy said, "Get experi
ence in the small towns around here,
like Redwood."
"It is difficult for a college man to
,get on a paper," the ex-editor
said, thrusting his thumbs into his
vest pockets. "He is too fresh (fresh
being slang) and tries to run the
newspaper, lie is not taken seriously
by the editor.
"The biggest thing one learns in
college is to meet men. It helps to
size up men. The hardest man to
interview is a cop.
"It is hard for a man to meet men
in ordinary walks of life, after living
in the high atmosphere of college."
H. M. Levy, '16, of Oakland and Reno,
former Chappie editor, and ex-Stan
ford literary light, returned to the
"farm" today, to be interviewed by
news writing classes regarding the
publication of the "Oakland Tribune."
When asked regarding the best
preparation for newspaper work while
at Stanford, Levy said, "Get experi
ence in the small towns around here,
like Redwood."
"It is difficult for a college man to
,get on a paper," the ex-editor
said, thrusting his thumbs into his
vest pockets. "He is too fresh (fresh
being slang) and tries to run the
newspaper, lie is not taken seriously
by the editor.
"The biggest thing one learns in
college is to meet men. It helps to
size up men. The hardest man to
interview is a cop.
"It is hard for a man to meet men
in ordinary walks of life, after living
in the high atmosphere of college."
H. M. Levy, '16, of Oakland and Reno,
former Chappie editor, and ex-Stan
ford literary light, returned to the
"farm" today, to be interviewed by
news writing classes regarding the
publication of the "Oakland Tribune."
When asked regarding the best
preparation for newspaper work while
at Stanford, Levy said, "Get experi
ence in the small towns around here,
like Redwood."
"It is difficult for a college man to
,get on a paper," the ex-editor
said, thrusting his thumbs into his
vest pockets. "He is too fresh (fresh
being slang) and tries to run the
newspaper, lie is not taken seriously
by the editor.
"The biggest thing one learns in
college is to meet men. It helps to
size up men. The hardest man to
interview is a cop.
"It is hard for a man to meet men
in ordinary walks of life, after living
in the high atmosphere of college."
H. M. Levy, '16, of Oakland and Reno,
former Chappie editor, and ex-Stan
ford literary light, returned to the
"farm" today, to be interviewed by
news writing classes regarding the
publication of the "Oakland Tribune."
When asked regarding the best
preparation for newspaper work while
at Stanford, Levy said, "Get experi
ence in the small towns around here,
like Redwood."
"It is difficult for a college man to
,get on a paper," the ex-editor
said, thrusting his thumbs into his
vest pockets. "He is too fresh (fresh
being slang) and tries to run the
newspaper, lie is not taken seriously
by the editor.
"The biggest thing one learns in
college is to meet men. It helps to
size up men. The hardest man to
interview is a cop.
"It is hard for a man to meet men
in ordinary walks of life, after living
in the high atmosphere of college."
H. M. Levy, '16, of Oakland and Reno,
former Chappie editor, and ex-Stan
ford literary light, returned to the
"farm" today, to be interviewed by
news writing classes regarding the
publication of the "Oakland Tribune."
When asked regarding the best
preparation for newspaper work while
at Stanford, Levy said, "Get experi
ence in the small towns around here,
like Redwood."
"It is difficult for a college man to
,get on a paper," the ex-editor
said, thrusting his thumbs into his
vest pockets. "He is too fresh (fresh
being slang) and tries to run the
newspaper, lie is not taken seriously
by the editor.
"The biggest thing one learns in
college is to meet men. It helps to
size up men. The hardest man to
interview is a cop.
"It is hard for a man to meet men
in ordinary walks of life, after living
in the high atmosphere of college."
