# Bureau of Accuracy
## 
### 
On account of an unpremeditated
error, there appeared in a head line
of The Daily Palo Alto last evening
"1919 war Quad will appear next
week." The Quad will make its ap
pearance in May.
On account of an unpremeditated
error, there appeared in a head line
of The Daily Palo Alto last evening
"1919 war Quad will appear next
week." The Quad will make its ap
pearance in May.
On account of an unpremeditated
error, there appeared in a head line
of The Daily Palo Alto last evening
"1919 war Quad will appear next
week." The Quad will make its ap
pearance in May.
On account of an unpremeditated
error, there appeared in a head line
of The Daily Palo Alto last evening
"1919 war Quad will appear next
week." The Quad will make its ap
pearance in May.
On account of an unpremeditated
error, there appeared in a head line
of The Daily Palo Alto last evening
"1919 war Quad will appear next
week." The Quad will make its ap
pearance in May.
On account of an unpremeditated
error, there appeared in a head line
of The Daily Palo Alto last evening
"1919 war Quad will appear next
week." The Quad will make its ap
pearance in May.
On account of an unpremeditated
error, there appeared in a head line
of The Daily Palo Alto last evening
"1919 war Quad will appear next
week." The Quad will make its ap
pearance in May.
On account of an unpremeditated
error, there appeared in a head line
of The Daily Palo Alto last evening
"1919 war Quad will appear next
week." The Quad will make its ap
pearance in May.
On account of an unpremeditated
error, there appeared in a head line
of The Daily Palo Alto last evening
"1919 war Quad will appear next
week." The Quad will make its ap
pearance in May.
On account of an unpremeditated
error, there appeared in a head line
of The Daily Palo Alto last evening
"1919 war Quad will appear next
week." The Quad will make its ap
pearance in May.
On account of an unpremeditated
error, there appeared in a head line
of The Daily Palo Alto last evening
"1919 war Quad will appear next
week." The Quad will make its ap
pearance in May.
On account of an unpremeditated
error, there appeared in a head line
of The Daily Palo Alto last evening
"1919 war Quad will appear next
week." The Quad will make its ap
pearance in May.
On account of an unpremeditated
error, there appeared in a head line
of The Daily Palo Alto last evening
"1919 war Quad will appear next
week." The Quad will make its ap
pearance in May.
On account of an unpremeditated
error, there appeared in a head line
of The Daily Palo Alto last evening
"1919 war Quad will appear next
week." The Quad will make its ap
pearance in May.
On account of an unpremeditated
error, there appeared in a head line
of The Daily Palo Alto last evening
"1919 war Quad will appear next
week." The Quad will make its ap
pearance in May.
