# ALUMNAE MEET AT NOON
## 
### 
Over 150 collegiate alumnae, in
vited by Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, will
meet tomorrow in the Women's Club
House at their annual get-together
meeting.
Lunch will be served at 1.2:30 by
members of Cap and Gown and a pro
gram of speeches and music lias been
arranged for during the afternoon.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi of the
History department will be the chief
speaker.
Over 150 collegiate alumnae, in
vited by Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, will
meet tomorrow in the Women's Club
House at their annual get-together
meeting.
Lunch will be served at 1.2:30 by
members of Cap and Gown and a pro
gram of speeches and music lias been
arranged for during the afternoon.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi of the
History department will be the chief
speaker.
Over 150 collegiate alumnae, in
vited by Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, will
meet tomorrow in the Women's Club
House at their annual get-together
meeting.
Lunch will be served at 1.2:30 by
members of Cap and Gown and a pro
gram of speeches and music lias been
arranged for during the afternoon.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi of the
History department will be the chief
speaker.
Over 150 collegiate alumnae, in
vited by Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, will
meet tomorrow in the Women's Club
House at their annual get-together
meeting.
Lunch will be served at 1.2:30 by
members of Cap and Gown and a pro
gram of speeches and music lias been
arranged for during the afternoon.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi of the
History department will be the chief
speaker.
Over 150 collegiate alumnae, in
vited by Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, will
meet tomorrow in the Women's Club
House at their annual get-together
meeting.
Lunch will be served at 1.2:30 by
members of Cap and Gown and a pro
gram of speeches and music lias been
arranged for during the afternoon.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi of the
History department will be the chief
speaker.
Over 150 collegiate alumnae, in
vited by Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, will
meet tomorrow in the Women's Club
House at their annual get-together
meeting.
Lunch will be served at 1.2:30 by
members of Cap and Gown and a pro
gram of speeches and music lias been
arranged for during the afternoon.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi of the
History department will be the chief
speaker.
Over 150 collegiate alumnae, in
vited by Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, will
meet tomorrow in the Women's Club
House at their annual get-together
meeting.
Lunch will be served at 1.2:30 by
members of Cap and Gown and a pro
gram of speeches and music lias been
arranged for during the afternoon.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi of the
History department will be the chief
speaker.
Over 150 collegiate alumnae, in
vited by Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, will
meet tomorrow in the Women's Club
House at their annual get-together
meeting.
Lunch will be served at 1.2:30 by
members of Cap and Gown and a pro
gram of speeches and music lias been
arranged for during the afternoon.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi of the
History department will be the chief
speaker.
Over 150 collegiate alumnae, in
vited by Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, will
meet tomorrow in the Women's Club
House at their annual get-together
meeting.
Lunch will be served at 1.2:30 by
members of Cap and Gown and a pro
gram of speeches and music lias been
arranged for during the afternoon.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi of the
History department will be the chief
speaker.
Over 150 collegiate alumnae, in
vited by Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, will
meet tomorrow in the Women's Club
House at their annual get-together
meeting.
Lunch will be served at 1.2:30 by
members of Cap and Gown and a pro
gram of speeches and music lias been
arranged for during the afternoon.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi of the
History department will be the chief
speaker.
Over 150 collegiate alumnae, in
vited by Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, will
meet tomorrow in the Women's Club
House at their annual get-together
meeting.
Lunch will be served at 1.2:30 by
members of Cap and Gown and a pro
gram of speeches and music lias been
arranged for during the afternoon.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi of the
History department will be the chief
speaker.
Over 150 collegiate alumnae, in
vited by Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, will
meet tomorrow in the Women's Club
House at their annual get-together
meeting.
Lunch will be served at 1.2:30 by
members of Cap and Gown and a pro
gram of speeches and music lias been
arranged for during the afternoon.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi of the
History department will be the chief
speaker.
Over 150 collegiate alumnae, in
vited by Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, will
meet tomorrow in the Women's Club
House at their annual get-together
meeting.
Lunch will be served at 1.2:30 by
members of Cap and Gown and a pro
gram of speeches and music lias been
arranged for during the afternoon.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi of the
History department will be the chief
speaker.
Over 150 collegiate alumnae, in
vited by Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, will
meet tomorrow in the Women's Club
House at their annual get-together
meeting.
Lunch will be served at 1.2:30 by
members of Cap and Gown and a pro
gram of speeches and music lias been
arranged for during the afternoon.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi of the
History department will be the chief
speaker.
Over 150 collegiate alumnae, in
vited by Mrs. Ray Lyman Wilbur, will
meet tomorrow in the Women's Club
House at their annual get-together
meeting.
Lunch will be served at 1.2:30 by
members of Cap and Gown and a pro
gram of speeches and music lias been
arranged for during the afternoon.
Professor Yamato Ichihashi of the
History department will be the chief
speaker.
