# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Subbing for the injured Brad Muster in the second half, Cardinal
fullback Brian Morris gets a taste of two SDSU defenders. Mor
ris caught ten passes for 69 yards on the evening, but he, like

Lisa Romerein/Daily
most of the Card offensive threats, was kept out of the endzone.
Muster, who left the game with a hip pointer, is expected to
return for Saturday's game here against UCLA.

Subbing for the injured Brad Muster in the second half, Cardinal
fullback Brian Morris gets a taste of two SDSU defenders. Mor
ris caught ten passes for 69 yards on the evening, but he, like

Lisa Romerein/Daily
most of the Card offensive threats, was kept out of the endzone.
Muster, who left the game with a hip pointer, is expected to
return for Saturday's game here against UCLA.

Subbing for the injured Brad Muster in the second half, Cardinal
fullback Brian Morris gets a taste of two SDSU defenders. Mor
ris caught ten passes for 69 yards on the evening, but he, like

Lisa Romerein/Daily
most of the Card offensive threats, was kept out of the endzone.
Muster, who left the game with a hip pointer, is expected to
return for Saturday's game here against UCLA.

Subbing for the injured Brad Muster in the second half, Cardinal
fullback Brian Morris gets a taste of two SDSU defenders. Mor
ris caught ten passes for 69 yards on the evening, but he, like

Lisa Romerein/Daily
most of the Card offensive threats, was kept out of the endzone.
Muster, who left the game with a hip pointer, is expected to
return for Saturday's game here against UCLA.

Subbing for the injured Brad Muster in the second half, Cardinal
fullback Brian Morris gets a taste of two SDSU defenders. Mor
ris caught ten passes for 69 yards on the evening, but he, like

Lisa Romerein/Daily
most of the Card offensive threats, was kept out of the endzone.
Muster, who left the game with a hip pointer, is expected to
return for Saturday's game here against UCLA.

Subbing for the injured Brad Muster in the second half, Cardinal
fullback Brian Morris gets a taste of two SDSU defenders. Mor
ris caught ten passes for 69 yards on the evening, but he, like

Lisa Romerein/Daily
most of the Card offensive threats, was kept out of the endzone.
Muster, who left the game with a hip pointer, is expected to
return for Saturday's game here against UCLA.

Subbing for the injured Brad Muster in the second half, Cardinal
fullback Brian Morris gets a taste of two SDSU defenders. Mor
ris caught ten passes for 69 yards on the evening, but he, like

Lisa Romerein/Daily
most of the Card offensive threats, was kept out of the endzone.
Muster, who left the game with a hip pointer, is expected to
return for Saturday's game here against UCLA.

Subbing for the injured Brad Muster in the second half, Cardinal
fullback Brian Morris gets a taste of two SDSU defenders. Mor
ris caught ten passes for 69 yards on the evening, but he, like

Lisa Romerein/Daily
most of the Card offensive threats, was kept out of the endzone.
Muster, who left the game with a hip pointer, is expected to
return for Saturday's game here against UCLA.
