# WILL INVESTIGATE RUGBY FOOTBALL
## CONFERENCE COMMITTEE WILL VISIT PACIFIC COAST. University of Wisconsin Will Adopt English Game as Vehicle for Interclass Rivalry. 
### 
Rugby received its first official
recognition in the Middle West at the
recent assemblage of conference in
Chicago. This movement was started
by Professor G. W. Ehler, of the Uni
versity of Wisconsin, and when he
moved that a committee be appointed
"to study and investigate the game of
rugby, with a view to determine its
value as a substitute for the present
college game," the conference ap
proved his motion. The chairman of
this body was empowered to appoint a
committee to investigate the English
game.
Professor Ehler stated in his speech
that Wisconsin would take up rugby
next season as an intra-college game,
independent of the conference, and
that the game would be played at Mad
ison as an interclass sport. With this
in view, the Wisconsin Athletic Coun
cil has appointed two of their number
to visit the Pacific Coast during the
latter part of August and first of Sep
tember, 1911, to study the game, as
played there. The delegates appointed
by the chairman of the conference will
accompany the Wisconsin representa
tives?.
The sense of the conference, ac
cording to the Chicago papers, was
that there was no immediate danger
of rugby supplanting the present
game, but that it might be used in
case of further dissatisfaction with the
old game. The sentiment caused by
the large number of accidents and fat
alties each year, according to Profess
or Ehler, makes investigation at least
reasonable.
This recent act of the conference in
empowering a committee to investi
gate rugby is the outcrop of dis
satisfaction with the old American
game, as now played, so prevalent in
the Middle West. Only last year Kan
sas abolished the old game, substitut
ing rugby in its stead. L). P. Craw
ford, the giant Stanford forward was
engaged as coach, but as Kansas was
unable to find an opponent to play
with nearev than the Pacific Coast,
they were forced to take up the old
game again.
Rugby is already one of the minor
sports at Pennsylvania, Cornell and
Michigan, being used as a vehicle for
interclass rivalry. Wisconsin will be
the next, to enter the lists and give the
English game a try, even going so far
as to send two men to California to
study the science of the game as we
interpret it.
