# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Since the majority of the Student
Body have favored the plan of a bene
fit game for the injury rugby player,
who is still lying in the Peninsula
Hospital with a broken leg, tomorrow
will be an excellent opportunity to
test the sincerity of the approbation.
Women students will sell tickets upon
the Quadrangle for this game next
Saturday afternoon and the proceeds
will in their entirety be donated to
the injured man. The plan is a laud
able oue and should be supported by
the Student Body. The opportunity to
show this support will come tomorrow
morning.
Since the majority of the Student
Body have favored the plan of a bene
fit game for the injury rugby player,
who is still lying in the Peninsula
Hospital with a broken leg, tomorrow
will be an excellent opportunity to
test the sincerity of the approbation.
Women students will sell tickets upon
the Quadrangle for this game next
Saturday afternoon and the proceeds
will in their entirety be donated to
the injured man. The plan is a laud
able oue and should be supported by
the Student Body. The opportunity to
show this support will come tomorrow
morning.
Since the majority of the Student
Body have favored the plan of a bene
fit game for the injury rugby player,
who is still lying in the Peninsula
Hospital with a broken leg, tomorrow
will be an excellent opportunity to
test the sincerity of the approbation.
Women students will sell tickets upon
the Quadrangle for this game next
Saturday afternoon and the proceeds
will in their entirety be donated to
the injured man. The plan is a laud
able oue and should be supported by
the Student Body. The opportunity to
show this support will come tomorrow
morning.
Since the majority of the Student
Body have favored the plan of a bene
fit game for the injury rugby player,
who is still lying in the Peninsula
Hospital with a broken leg, tomorrow
will be an excellent opportunity to
test the sincerity of the approbation.
Women students will sell tickets upon
the Quadrangle for this game next
Saturday afternoon and the proceeds
will in their entirety be donated to
the injured man. The plan is a laud
able oue and should be supported by
the Student Body. The opportunity to
show this support will come tomorrow
morning.
Since the majority of the Student
Body have favored the plan of a bene
fit game for the injury rugby player,
who is still lying in the Peninsula
Hospital with a broken leg, tomorrow
will be an excellent opportunity to
test the sincerity of the approbation.
Women students will sell tickets upon
the Quadrangle for this game next
Saturday afternoon and the proceeds
will in their entirety be donated to
the injured man. The plan is a laud
able oue and should be supported by
the Student Body. The opportunity to
show this support will come tomorrow
morning.
Since the majority of the Student
Body have favored the plan of a bene
fit game for the injury rugby player,
who is still lying in the Peninsula
Hospital with a broken leg, tomorrow
will be an excellent opportunity to
test the sincerity of the approbation.
Women students will sell tickets upon
the Quadrangle for this game next
Saturday afternoon and the proceeds
will in their entirety be donated to
the injured man. The plan is a laud
able oue and should be supported by
the Student Body. The opportunity to
show this support will come tomorrow
morning.
Since the majority of the Student
Body have favored the plan of a bene
fit game for the injury rugby player,
who is still lying in the Peninsula
Hospital with a broken leg, tomorrow
will be an excellent opportunity to
test the sincerity of the approbation.
Women students will sell tickets upon
the Quadrangle for this game next
Saturday afternoon and the proceeds
will in their entirety be donated to
the injured man. The plan is a laud
able oue and should be supported by
the Student Body. The opportunity to
show this support will come tomorrow
morning.
Since the majority of the Student
Body have favored the plan of a bene
fit game for the injury rugby player,
who is still lying in the Peninsula
Hospital with a broken leg, tomorrow
will be an excellent opportunity to
test the sincerity of the approbation.
Women students will sell tickets upon
the Quadrangle for this game next
Saturday afternoon and the proceeds
will in their entirety be donated to
the injured man. The plan is a laud
able oue and should be supported by
the Student Body. The opportunity to
show this support will come tomorrow
morning.
Since the majority of the Student
Body have favored the plan of a bene
fit game for the injury rugby player,
who is still lying in the Peninsula
Hospital with a broken leg, tomorrow
will be an excellent opportunity to
test the sincerity of the approbation.
Women students will sell tickets upon
the Quadrangle for this game next
Saturday afternoon and the proceeds
will in their entirety be donated to
the injured man. The plan is a laud
able oue and should be supported by
the Student Body. The opportunity to
show this support will come tomorrow
morning.
Since the majority of the Student
Body have favored the plan of a bene
fit game for the injury rugby player,
who is still lying in the Peninsula
Hospital with a broken leg, tomorrow
will be an excellent opportunity to
test the sincerity of the approbation.
Women students will sell tickets upon
the Quadrangle for this game next
Saturday afternoon and the proceeds
will in their entirety be donated to
the injured man. The plan is a laud
able oue and should be supported by
the Student Body. The opportunity to
show this support will come tomorrow
morning.
Since the majority of the Student
Body have favored the plan of a bene
fit game for the injury rugby player,
who is still lying in the Peninsula
Hospital with a broken leg, tomorrow
will be an excellent opportunity to
test the sincerity of the approbation.
Women students will sell tickets upon
the Quadrangle for this game next
Saturday afternoon and the proceeds
will in their entirety be donated to
the injured man. The plan is a laud
able oue and should be supported by
the Student Body. The opportunity to
show this support will come tomorrow
morning.
