# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A vote of thanks from the Executive
Committee to the Stanford Band is
not amiss after the excellent showing
that has been made by that organiza
tion during the season that has just
passed. From a musical group that
appeared every now and then, the
Band has developed into a factor that
can be depended upon in every oc
casion where their services are asked
or required. This success is due
partly to the attitude assumed by the
men in that organization and partly to
the excellent, unselfish work that has
been offered by Professor E. W. Mar
tin. They have placed the Stanford
Band upon a substantial and business
like basis. Both factors are to be con
gratulated for the high character of
work that they have been able to pro
duce, but especially is praise due to
a member of the Faculty, who has de
voted so much attention and time to
the perfection of a student organiza
tion such as this.
