# Solicitors Should Report to Clubhouse
## 
### 
Foreign Rclirf Drive solicitors
may turn in their money and
pledges in the magazine room on
the lower Moor of the Women's
Clubhouse today and every day
this week from 10 to 10:50 a.m.
and from 2:15 to 3:45 p.m.
Contest standings, including
money turned In bv 3:45 today,
will be announced in tomorrow's
Daily. •

Foreign Rclirf Drive solicitors
may turn in their money and
pledges in the magazine room on
the lower Moor of the Women's
Clubhouse today and every day
this week from 10 to 10:50 a.m.
and from 2:15 to 3:45 p.m.
Contest standings, including
money turned In bv 3:45 today,
will be announced in tomorrow's
Daily. •

Foreign Rclirf Drive solicitors
may turn in their money and
pledges in the magazine room on
the lower Moor of the Women's
Clubhouse today and every day
this week from 10 to 10:50 a.m.
and from 2:15 to 3:45 p.m.
Contest standings, including
money turned In bv 3:45 today,
will be announced in tomorrow's
Daily. •

Foreign Rclirf Drive solicitors
may turn in their money and
pledges in the magazine room on
the lower Moor of the Women's
Clubhouse today and every day
this week from 10 to 10:50 a.m.
and from 2:15 to 3:45 p.m.
Contest standings, including
money turned In bv 3:45 today,
will be announced in tomorrow's
Daily. •

Foreign Rclirf Drive solicitors
may turn in their money and
pledges in the magazine room on
the lower Moor of the Women's
Clubhouse today and every day
this week from 10 to 10:50 a.m.
and from 2:15 to 3:45 p.m.
Contest standings, including
money turned In bv 3:45 today,
will be announced in tomorrow's
Daily. •

Foreign Rclirf Drive solicitors
may turn in their money and
pledges in the magazine room on
the lower Moor of the Women's
Clubhouse today and every day
this week from 10 to 10:50 a.m.
and from 2:15 to 3:45 p.m.
Contest standings, including
money turned In bv 3:45 today,
will be announced in tomorrow's
Daily. •

Foreign Rclirf Drive solicitors
may turn in their money and
pledges in the magazine room on
the lower Moor of the Women's
Clubhouse today and every day
this week from 10 to 10:50 a.m.
and from 2:15 to 3:45 p.m.
Contest standings, including
money turned In bv 3:45 today,
will be announced in tomorrow's
Daily. •

Foreign Rclirf Drive solicitors
may turn in their money and
pledges in the magazine room on
the lower Moor of the Women's
Clubhouse today and every day
this week from 10 to 10:50 a.m.
and from 2:15 to 3:45 p.m.
Contest standings, including
money turned In bv 3:45 today,
will be announced in tomorrow's
Daily. •

Foreign Rclirf Drive solicitors
may turn in their money and
pledges in the magazine room on
the lower Moor of the Women's
Clubhouse today and every day
this week from 10 to 10:50 a.m.
and from 2:15 to 3:45 p.m.
Contest standings, including
money turned In bv 3:45 today,
will be announced in tomorrow's
Daily. •

Foreign Rclirf Drive solicitors
may turn in their money and
pledges in the magazine room on
the lower Moor of the Women's
Clubhouse today and every day
this week from 10 to 10:50 a.m.
and from 2:15 to 3:45 p.m.
Contest standings, including
money turned In bv 3:45 today,
will be announced in tomorrow's
Daily. •

Foreign Rclirf Drive solicitors
may turn in their money and
pledges in the magazine room on
the lower Moor of the Women's
Clubhouse today and every day
this week from 10 to 10:50 a.m.
and from 2:15 to 3:45 p.m.
Contest standings, including
money turned In bv 3:45 today,
will be announced in tomorrow's
Daily. •

Foreign Rclirf Drive solicitors
may turn in their money and
pledges in the magazine room on
the lower Moor of the Women's
Clubhouse today and every day
this week from 10 to 10:50 a.m.
and from 2:15 to 3:45 p.m.
Contest standings, including
money turned In bv 3:45 today,
will be announced in tomorrow's
Daily. •

Foreign Rclirf Drive solicitors
may turn in their money and
pledges in the magazine room on
the lower Moor of the Women's
Clubhouse today and every day
this week from 10 to 10:50 a.m.
and from 2:15 to 3:45 p.m.
Contest standings, including
money turned In bv 3:45 today,
will be announced in tomorrow's
Daily. •

Foreign Rclirf Drive solicitors
may turn in their money and
pledges in the magazine room on
the lower Moor of the Women's
Clubhouse today and every day
this week from 10 to 10:50 a.m.
and from 2:15 to 3:45 p.m.
Contest standings, including
money turned In bv 3:45 today,
will be announced in tomorrow's
Daily. •

Foreign Rclirf Drive solicitors
may turn in their money and
pledges in the magazine room on
the lower Moor of the Women's
Clubhouse today and every day
this week from 10 to 10:50 a.m.
and from 2:15 to 3:45 p.m.
Contest standings, including
money turned In bv 3:45 today,
will be announced in tomorrow's
Daily. •

Foreign Rclirf Drive solicitors
may turn in their money and
pledges in the magazine room on
the lower Moor of the Women's
Clubhouse today and every day
this week from 10 to 10:50 a.m.
and from 2:15 to 3:45 p.m.
Contest standings, including
money turned In bv 3:45 today,
will be announced in tomorrow's
Daily. •

