# Applications to Help Foreign Scholars Due
## 
### 
Applications from living groups
to sponsor one of the ASSU For
eign Scholars for one or more
quarters next year are due to
morrow at the Foreign Scholar
ship Committee office in the Old
Union Building.
Applications from living groups
to sponsor one of the ASSU For
eign Scholars for one or more
quarters next year are due to
morrow at the Foreign Scholar
ship Committee office in the Old
Union Building.
Applications from living groups
to sponsor one of the ASSU For
eign Scholars for one or more
quarters next year are due to
morrow at the Foreign Scholar
ship Committee office in the Old
Union Building.
Applications from living groups
to sponsor one of the ASSU For
eign Scholars for one or more
quarters next year are due to
morrow at the Foreign Scholar
ship Committee office in the Old
Union Building.
Applications from living groups
to sponsor one of the ASSU For
eign Scholars for one or more
quarters next year are due to
morrow at the Foreign Scholar
ship Committee office in the Old
Union Building.
Applications from living groups
to sponsor one of the ASSU For
eign Scholars for one or more
quarters next year are due to
morrow at the Foreign Scholar
ship Committee office in the Old
Union Building.
Applications from living groups
to sponsor one of the ASSU For
eign Scholars for one or more
quarters next year are due to
morrow at the Foreign Scholar
ship Committee office in the Old
Union Building.
Applications from living groups
to sponsor one of the ASSU For
eign Scholars for one or more
quarters next year are due to
morrow at the Foreign Scholar
ship Committee office in the Old
Union Building.
Applications from living groups
to sponsor one of the ASSU For
eign Scholars for one or more
quarters next year are due to
morrow at the Foreign Scholar
ship Committee office in the Old
Union Building.
Applications from living groups
to sponsor one of the ASSU For
eign Scholars for one or more
quarters next year are due to
morrow at the Foreign Scholar
ship Committee office in the Old
Union Building.
Applications from living groups
to sponsor one of the ASSU For
eign Scholars for one or more
quarters next year are due to
morrow at the Foreign Scholar
ship Committee office in the Old
Union Building.
Applications from living groups
to sponsor one of the ASSU For
eign Scholars for one or more
quarters next year are due to
morrow at the Foreign Scholar
ship Committee office in the Old
Union Building.
Applications from living groups
to sponsor one of the ASSU For
eign Scholars for one or more
quarters next year are due to
morrow at the Foreign Scholar
ship Committee office in the Old
Union Building.
Applications from living groups
to sponsor one of the ASSU For
eign Scholars for one or more
quarters next year are due to
morrow at the Foreign Scholar
ship Committee office in the Old
Union Building.
Applications from living groups
to sponsor one of the ASSU For
eign Scholars for one or more
quarters next year are due to
morrow at the Foreign Scholar
ship Committee office in the Old
Union Building.
Applications from living groups
to sponsor one of the ASSU For
eign Scholars for one or more
quarters next year are due to
morrow at the Foreign Scholar
ship Committee office in the Old
Union Building.
