# FIND WOMAN'S BODY, HINT MURDER PLOT
## 
### 
HOLLYWOOD, Feb. 23. (A 3 ) —
Searching the property on a resi
dence here after the owner had
complained that he believed a
renter had carried away some arti
cles, police came today upon the
body of a middle-aged woman,
buried in a shallow grave in a
garage.
After a superficial examination of
the remains, detectives said they
believed the woman had been slain.
Death apparently had occurred only
u short time ago.
Detectives came upon the body
accidentally when they entered the
garage and noticed some freshly
turned earth. Speculating that some
of the goods which the owner of
the home, C. W. Loskant, believed
had disappeared, might have been
buried, they dug down about three
feet and came upon the woman's
body.
HOLLYWOOD, Feb. 23. (A 3 ) —
Searching the property on a resi
dence here after the owner had
complained that he believed a
renter had carried away some arti
cles, police came today upon the
body of a middle-aged woman,
buried in a shallow grave in a
garage.
After a superficial examination of
the remains, detectives said they
believed the woman had been slain.
Death apparently had occurred only
u short time ago.
Detectives came upon the body
accidentally when they entered the
garage and noticed some freshly
turned earth. Speculating that some
of the goods which the owner of
the home, C. W. Loskant, believed
had disappeared, might have been
buried, they dug down about three
feet and came upon the woman's
body.
HOLLYWOOD, Feb. 23. (A 3 ) —
Searching the property on a resi
dence here after the owner had
complained that he believed a
renter had carried away some arti
cles, police came today upon the
body of a middle-aged woman,
buried in a shallow grave in a
garage.
After a superficial examination of
the remains, detectives said they
believed the woman had been slain.
Death apparently had occurred only
u short time ago.
Detectives came upon the body
accidentally when they entered the
garage and noticed some freshly
turned earth. Speculating that some
of the goods which the owner of
the home, C. W. Loskant, believed
had disappeared, might have been
buried, they dug down about three
feet and came upon the woman's
body.
HOLLYWOOD, Feb. 23. (A 3 ) —
Searching the property on a resi
dence here after the owner had
complained that he believed a
renter had carried away some arti
cles, police came today upon the
body of a middle-aged woman,
buried in a shallow grave in a
garage.
After a superficial examination of
the remains, detectives said they
believed the woman had been slain.
Death apparently had occurred only
u short time ago.
Detectives came upon the body
accidentally when they entered the
garage and noticed some freshly
turned earth. Speculating that some
of the goods which the owner of
the home, C. W. Loskant, believed
had disappeared, might have been
buried, they dug down about three
feet and came upon the woman's
body.
HOLLYWOOD, Feb. 23. (A 3 ) —
Searching the property on a resi
dence here after the owner had
complained that he believed a
renter had carried away some arti
cles, police came today upon the
body of a middle-aged woman,
buried in a shallow grave in a
garage.
After a superficial examination of
the remains, detectives said they
believed the woman had been slain.
Death apparently had occurred only
u short time ago.
Detectives came upon the body
accidentally when they entered the
garage and noticed some freshly
turned earth. Speculating that some
of the goods which the owner of
the home, C. W. Loskant, believed
had disappeared, might have been
buried, they dug down about three
feet and came upon the woman's
body.
HOLLYWOOD, Feb. 23. (A 3 ) —
Searching the property on a resi
dence here after the owner had
complained that he believed a
renter had carried away some arti
cles, police came today upon the
body of a middle-aged woman,
buried in a shallow grave in a
garage.
After a superficial examination of
the remains, detectives said they
believed the woman had been slain.
Death apparently had occurred only
u short time ago.
Detectives came upon the body
accidentally when they entered the
garage and noticed some freshly
turned earth. Speculating that some
of the goods which the owner of
the home, C. W. Loskant, believed
had disappeared, might have been
buried, they dug down about three
feet and came upon the woman's
body.
HOLLYWOOD, Feb. 23. (A 3 ) —
Searching the property on a resi
dence here after the owner had
complained that he believed a
renter had carried away some arti
cles, police came today upon the
body of a middle-aged woman,
buried in a shallow grave in a
garage.
After a superficial examination of
the remains, detectives said they
believed the woman had been slain.
Death apparently had occurred only
u short time ago.
Detectives came upon the body
accidentally when they entered the
garage and noticed some freshly
turned earth. Speculating that some
of the goods which the owner of
the home, C. W. Loskant, believed
had disappeared, might have been
buried, they dug down about three
feet and came upon the woman's
body.
HOLLYWOOD, Feb. 23. (A 3 ) —
Searching the property on a resi
dence here after the owner had
complained that he believed a
renter had carried away some arti
cles, police came today upon the
body of a middle-aged woman,
buried in a shallow grave in a
garage.
After a superficial examination of
the remains, detectives said they
believed the woman had been slain.
Death apparently had occurred only
u short time ago.
Detectives came upon the body
accidentally when they entered the
garage and noticed some freshly
turned earth. Speculating that some
of the goods which the owner of
the home, C. W. Loskant, believed
had disappeared, might have been
buried, they dug down about three
feet and came upon the woman's
body.
HOLLYWOOD, Feb. 23. (A 3 ) —
Searching the property on a resi
dence here after the owner had
complained that he believed a
renter had carried away some arti
cles, police came today upon the
body of a middle-aged woman,
buried in a shallow grave in a
garage.
After a superficial examination of
the remains, detectives said they
believed the woman had been slain.
Death apparently had occurred only
u short time ago.
Detectives came upon the body
accidentally when they entered the
garage and noticed some freshly
turned earth. Speculating that some
of the goods which the owner of
the home, C. W. Loskant, believed
had disappeared, might have been
buried, they dug down about three
feet and came upon the woman's
body.
HOLLYWOOD, Feb. 23. (A 3 ) —
Searching the property on a resi
dence here after the owner had
complained that he believed a
renter had carried away some arti
cles, police came today upon the
body of a middle-aged woman,
buried in a shallow grave in a
garage.
After a superficial examination of
the remains, detectives said they
believed the woman had been slain.
Death apparently had occurred only
u short time ago.
Detectives came upon the body
accidentally when they entered the
garage and noticed some freshly
turned earth. Speculating that some
of the goods which the owner of
the home, C. W. Loskant, believed
had disappeared, might have been
buried, they dug down about three
feet and came upon the woman's
body.
HOLLYWOOD, Feb. 23. (A 3 ) —
Searching the property on a resi
dence here after the owner had
complained that he believed a
renter had carried away some arti
cles, police came today upon the
body of a middle-aged woman,
buried in a shallow grave in a
garage.
After a superficial examination of
the remains, detectives said they
believed the woman had been slain.
Death apparently had occurred only
u short time ago.
Detectives came upon the body
accidentally when they entered the
garage and noticed some freshly
turned earth. Speculating that some
of the goods which the owner of
the home, C. W. Loskant, believed
had disappeared, might have been
buried, they dug down about three
feet and came upon the woman's
body.
HOLLYWOOD, Feb. 23. (A 3 ) —
Searching the property on a resi
dence here after the owner had
complained that he believed a
renter had carried away some arti
cles, police came today upon the
body of a middle-aged woman,
buried in a shallow grave in a
garage.
After a superficial examination of
the remains, detectives said they
believed the woman had been slain.
Death apparently had occurred only
u short time ago.
Detectives came upon the body
accidentally when they entered the
garage and noticed some freshly
turned earth. Speculating that some
of the goods which the owner of
the home, C. W. Loskant, believed
had disappeared, might have been
buried, they dug down about three
feet and came upon the woman's
body.
HOLLYWOOD, Feb. 23. (A 3 ) —
Searching the property on a resi
dence here after the owner had
complained that he believed a
renter had carried away some arti
cles, police came today upon the
body of a middle-aged woman,
buried in a shallow grave in a
garage.
After a superficial examination of
the remains, detectives said they
believed the woman had been slain.
Death apparently had occurred only
u short time ago.
Detectives came upon the body
accidentally when they entered the
garage and noticed some freshly
turned earth. Speculating that some
of the goods which the owner of
the home, C. W. Loskant, believed
had disappeared, might have been
buried, they dug down about three
feet and came upon the woman's
body.
HOLLYWOOD, Feb. 23. (A 3 ) —
Searching the property on a resi
dence here after the owner had
complained that he believed a
renter had carried away some arti
cles, police came today upon the
body of a middle-aged woman,
buried in a shallow grave in a
garage.
After a superficial examination of
the remains, detectives said they
believed the woman had been slain.
Death apparently had occurred only
u short time ago.
Detectives came upon the body
accidentally when they entered the
garage and noticed some freshly
turned earth. Speculating that some
of the goods which the owner of
the home, C. W. Loskant, believed
had disappeared, might have been
buried, they dug down about three
feet and came upon the woman's
body.
HOLLYWOOD, Feb. 23. (A 3 ) —
Searching the property on a resi
dence here after the owner had
complained that he believed a
renter had carried away some arti
cles, police came today upon the
body of a middle-aged woman,
buried in a shallow grave in a
garage.
After a superficial examination of
the remains, detectives said they
believed the woman had been slain.
Death apparently had occurred only
u short time ago.
Detectives came upon the body
accidentally when they entered the
garage and noticed some freshly
turned earth. Speculating that some
of the goods which the owner of
the home, C. W. Loskant, believed
had disappeared, might have been
buried, they dug down about three
feet and came upon the woman's
body.
HOLLYWOOD, Feb. 23. (A 3 ) —
Searching the property on a resi
dence here after the owner had
complained that he believed a
renter had carried away some arti
cles, police came today upon the
body of a middle-aged woman,
buried in a shallow grave in a
garage.
After a superficial examination of
the remains, detectives said they
believed the woman had been slain.
Death apparently had occurred only
u short time ago.
Detectives came upon the body
accidentally when they entered the
garage and noticed some freshly
turned earth. Speculating that some
of the goods which the owner of
the home, C. W. Loskant, believed
had disappeared, might have been
buried, they dug down about three
feet and came upon the woman's
body.
