# DEFEATED
## 
### 
William T. Cosgrave, leader of
Irish Free State government
party, who definitely concedes
defeat to Eamon de Valera's
Fianna Fail party today.
William T. Cosgrave, leader of
Irish Free State government
party, who definitely concedes
defeat to Eamon de Valera's
Fianna Fail party today.
William T. Cosgrave, leader of
Irish Free State government
party, who definitely concedes
defeat to Eamon de Valera's
Fianna Fail party today.
William T. Cosgrave, leader of
Irish Free State government
party, who definitely concedes
defeat to Eamon de Valera's
Fianna Fail party today.
William T. Cosgrave, leader of
Irish Free State government
party, who definitely concedes
defeat to Eamon de Valera's
Fianna Fail party today.
William T. Cosgrave, leader of
Irish Free State government
party, who definitely concedes
defeat to Eamon de Valera's
Fianna Fail party today.
William T. Cosgrave, leader of
Irish Free State government
party, who definitely concedes
defeat to Eamon de Valera's
Fianna Fail party today.
William T. Cosgrave, leader of
Irish Free State government
party, who definitely concedes
defeat to Eamon de Valera's
Fianna Fail party today.
William T. Cosgrave, leader of
Irish Free State government
party, who definitely concedes
defeat to Eamon de Valera's
Fianna Fail party today.
William T. Cosgrave, leader of
Irish Free State government
party, who definitely concedes
defeat to Eamon de Valera's
Fianna Fail party today.
William T. Cosgrave, leader of
Irish Free State government
party, who definitely concedes
defeat to Eamon de Valera's
Fianna Fail party today.
William T. Cosgrave, leader of
Irish Free State government
party, who definitely concedes
defeat to Eamon de Valera's
Fianna Fail party today.
William T. Cosgrave, leader of
Irish Free State government
party, who definitely concedes
defeat to Eamon de Valera's
Fianna Fail party today.
William T. Cosgrave, leader of
Irish Free State government
party, who definitely concedes
defeat to Eamon de Valera's
Fianna Fail party today.
William T. Cosgrave, leader of
Irish Free State government
party, who definitely concedes
defeat to Eamon de Valera's
Fianna Fail party today.
William T. Cosgrave, leader of
Irish Free State government
party, who definitely concedes
defeat to Eamon de Valera's
Fianna Fail party today.
