# CRASH DRIVER HELD FOR MANSLAUGHTER
## 
### 
PALO ALTO, Feb. 23. (/P)—Fielder !
SlinglufT, 54, a draftsman, died to
day at the Veterans' Hospital from |
injuries suffered in a collision be- j
tween a machine in which he was j
riding on Sunday, and a campus bus I
on Palm Drive.
As a result of his death, Palo Alto
police said R. F. Reynolds, driver of
the car, would be charged with
manslaughter.
PALO ALTO, Feb. 23. (/P)—Fielder !
SlinglufT, 54, a draftsman, died to
day at the Veterans' Hospital from |
injuries suffered in a collision be- j
tween a machine in which he was j
riding on Sunday, and a campus bus I
on Palm Drive.
As a result of his death, Palo Alto
police said R. F. Reynolds, driver of
the car, would be charged with
manslaughter.
PALO ALTO, Feb. 23. (/P)—Fielder !
SlinglufT, 54, a draftsman, died to
day at the Veterans' Hospital from |
injuries suffered in a collision be- j
tween a machine in which he was j
riding on Sunday, and a campus bus I
on Palm Drive.
As a result of his death, Palo Alto
police said R. F. Reynolds, driver of
the car, would be charged with
manslaughter.
PALO ALTO, Feb. 23. (/P)—Fielder !
SlinglufT, 54, a draftsman, died to
day at the Veterans' Hospital from |
injuries suffered in a collision be- j
tween a machine in which he was j
riding on Sunday, and a campus bus I
on Palm Drive.
As a result of his death, Palo Alto
police said R. F. Reynolds, driver of
the car, would be charged with
manslaughter.
PALO ALTO, Feb. 23. (/P)—Fielder !
SlinglufT, 54, a draftsman, died to
day at the Veterans' Hospital from |
injuries suffered in a collision be- j
tween a machine in which he was j
riding on Sunday, and a campus bus I
on Palm Drive.
As a result of his death, Palo Alto
police said R. F. Reynolds, driver of
the car, would be charged with
manslaughter.
PALO ALTO, Feb. 23. (/P)—Fielder !
SlinglufT, 54, a draftsman, died to
day at the Veterans' Hospital from |
injuries suffered in a collision be- j
tween a machine in which he was j
riding on Sunday, and a campus bus I
on Palm Drive.
As a result of his death, Palo Alto
police said R. F. Reynolds, driver of
the car, would be charged with
manslaughter.
PALO ALTO, Feb. 23. (/P)—Fielder !
SlinglufT, 54, a draftsman, died to
day at the Veterans' Hospital from |
injuries suffered in a collision be- j
tween a machine in which he was j
riding on Sunday, and a campus bus I
on Palm Drive.
As a result of his death, Palo Alto
police said R. F. Reynolds, driver of
the car, would be charged with
manslaughter.
PALO ALTO, Feb. 23. (/P)—Fielder !
SlinglufT, 54, a draftsman, died to
day at the Veterans' Hospital from |
injuries suffered in a collision be- j
tween a machine in which he was j
riding on Sunday, and a campus bus I
on Palm Drive.
As a result of his death, Palo Alto
police said R. F. Reynolds, driver of
the car, would be charged with
manslaughter.
PALO ALTO, Feb. 23. (/P)—Fielder !
SlinglufT, 54, a draftsman, died to
day at the Veterans' Hospital from |
injuries suffered in a collision be- j
tween a machine in which he was j
riding on Sunday, and a campus bus I
on Palm Drive.
As a result of his death, Palo Alto
police said R. F. Reynolds, driver of
the car, would be charged with
manslaughter.
PALO ALTO, Feb. 23. (/P)—Fielder !
SlinglufT, 54, a draftsman, died to
day at the Veterans' Hospital from |
injuries suffered in a collision be- j
tween a machine in which he was j
riding on Sunday, and a campus bus I
on Palm Drive.
As a result of his death, Palo Alto
police said R. F. Reynolds, driver of
the car, would be charged with
manslaughter.
PALO ALTO, Feb. 23. (/P)—Fielder !
SlinglufT, 54, a draftsman, died to
day at the Veterans' Hospital from |
injuries suffered in a collision be- j
tween a machine in which he was j
riding on Sunday, and a campus bus I
on Palm Drive.
As a result of his death, Palo Alto
police said R. F. Reynolds, driver of
the car, would be charged with
manslaughter.
PALO ALTO, Feb. 23. (/P)—Fielder !
SlinglufT, 54, a draftsman, died to
day at the Veterans' Hospital from |
injuries suffered in a collision be- j
tween a machine in which he was j
riding on Sunday, and a campus bus I
on Palm Drive.
As a result of his death, Palo Alto
police said R. F. Reynolds, driver of
the car, would be charged with
manslaughter.
PALO ALTO, Feb. 23. (/P)—Fielder !
SlinglufT, 54, a draftsman, died to
day at the Veterans' Hospital from |
injuries suffered in a collision be- j
tween a machine in which he was j
riding on Sunday, and a campus bus I
on Palm Drive.
As a result of his death, Palo Alto
police said R. F. Reynolds, driver of
the car, would be charged with
manslaughter.
PALO ALTO, Feb. 23. (/P)—Fielder !
SlinglufT, 54, a draftsman, died to
day at the Veterans' Hospital from |
injuries suffered in a collision be- j
tween a machine in which he was j
riding on Sunday, and a campus bus I
on Palm Drive.
As a result of his death, Palo Alto
police said R. F. Reynolds, driver of
the car, would be charged with
manslaughter.
PALO ALTO, Feb. 23. (/P)—Fielder !
SlinglufT, 54, a draftsman, died to
day at the Veterans' Hospital from |
injuries suffered in a collision be- j
tween a machine in which he was j
riding on Sunday, and a campus bus I
on Palm Drive.
As a result of his death, Palo Alto
police said R. F. Reynolds, driver of
the car, would be charged with
manslaughter.
PALO ALTO, Feb. 23. (/P)—Fielder !
SlinglufT, 54, a draftsman, died to
day at the Veterans' Hospital from |
injuries suffered in a collision be- j
tween a machine in which he was j
riding on Sunday, and a campus bus I
on Palm Drive.
As a result of his death, Palo Alto
police said R. F. Reynolds, driver of
the car, would be charged with
manslaughter.
