# DEMOCRATS SCORE NEW HOOVER PLAN
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23. (/P) —A
special economy committee to find
quick means for cutting govern
mental expense by abolishing, com
bining, or curtailing Federal agen
cies was created today by the Dem
ocratic House.
The action emphasized Speaker
Garner's declaration of Sunday that
the Democrats would not grant
President Hoover the unlimited
authority to reorganize the Gov
ernment he requested last week in
a special message to Congress.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23. (/P) —A
special economy committee to find
quick means for cutting govern
mental expense by abolishing, com
bining, or curtailing Federal agen
cies was created today by the Dem
ocratic House.
The action emphasized Speaker
Garner's declaration of Sunday that
the Democrats would not grant
President Hoover the unlimited
authority to reorganize the Gov
ernment he requested last week in
a special message to Congress.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23. (/P) —A
special economy committee to find
quick means for cutting govern
mental expense by abolishing, com
bining, or curtailing Federal agen
cies was created today by the Dem
ocratic House.
The action emphasized Speaker
Garner's declaration of Sunday that
the Democrats would not grant
President Hoover the unlimited
authority to reorganize the Gov
ernment he requested last week in
a special message to Congress.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23. (/P) —A
special economy committee to find
quick means for cutting govern
mental expense by abolishing, com
bining, or curtailing Federal agen
cies was created today by the Dem
ocratic House.
The action emphasized Speaker
Garner's declaration of Sunday that
the Democrats would not grant
President Hoover the unlimited
authority to reorganize the Gov
ernment he requested last week in
a special message to Congress.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23. (/P) —A
special economy committee to find
quick means for cutting govern
mental expense by abolishing, com
bining, or curtailing Federal agen
cies was created today by the Dem
ocratic House.
The action emphasized Speaker
Garner's declaration of Sunday that
the Democrats would not grant
President Hoover the unlimited
authority to reorganize the Gov
ernment he requested last week in
a special message to Congress.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23. (/P) —A
special economy committee to find
quick means for cutting govern
mental expense by abolishing, com
bining, or curtailing Federal agen
cies was created today by the Dem
ocratic House.
The action emphasized Speaker
Garner's declaration of Sunday that
the Democrats would not grant
President Hoover the unlimited
authority to reorganize the Gov
ernment he requested last week in
a special message to Congress.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23. (/P) —A
special economy committee to find
quick means for cutting govern
mental expense by abolishing, com
bining, or curtailing Federal agen
cies was created today by the Dem
ocratic House.
The action emphasized Speaker
Garner's declaration of Sunday that
the Democrats would not grant
President Hoover the unlimited
authority to reorganize the Gov
ernment he requested last week in
a special message to Congress.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23. (/P) —A
special economy committee to find
quick means for cutting govern
mental expense by abolishing, com
bining, or curtailing Federal agen
cies was created today by the Dem
ocratic House.
The action emphasized Speaker
Garner's declaration of Sunday that
the Democrats would not grant
President Hoover the unlimited
authority to reorganize the Gov
ernment he requested last week in
a special message to Congress.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23. (/P) —A
special economy committee to find
quick means for cutting govern
mental expense by abolishing, com
bining, or curtailing Federal agen
cies was created today by the Dem
ocratic House.
The action emphasized Speaker
Garner's declaration of Sunday that
the Democrats would not grant
President Hoover the unlimited
authority to reorganize the Gov
ernment he requested last week in
a special message to Congress.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23. (/P) —A
special economy committee to find
quick means for cutting govern
mental expense by abolishing, com
bining, or curtailing Federal agen
cies was created today by the Dem
ocratic House.
The action emphasized Speaker
Garner's declaration of Sunday that
the Democrats would not grant
President Hoover the unlimited
authority to reorganize the Gov
ernment he requested last week in
a special message to Congress.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23. (/P) —A
special economy committee to find
quick means for cutting govern
mental expense by abolishing, com
bining, or curtailing Federal agen
cies was created today by the Dem
ocratic House.
The action emphasized Speaker
Garner's declaration of Sunday that
the Democrats would not grant
President Hoover the unlimited
authority to reorganize the Gov
ernment he requested last week in
a special message to Congress.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23. (/P) —A
special economy committee to find
quick means for cutting govern
mental expense by abolishing, com
bining, or curtailing Federal agen
cies was created today by the Dem
ocratic House.
The action emphasized Speaker
Garner's declaration of Sunday that
the Democrats would not grant
President Hoover the unlimited
authority to reorganize the Gov
ernment he requested last week in
a special message to Congress.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23. (/P) —A
special economy committee to find
quick means for cutting govern
mental expense by abolishing, com
bining, or curtailing Federal agen
cies was created today by the Dem
ocratic House.
The action emphasized Speaker
Garner's declaration of Sunday that
the Democrats would not grant
President Hoover the unlimited
authority to reorganize the Gov
ernment he requested last week in
a special message to Congress.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23. (/P) —A
special economy committee to find
quick means for cutting govern
mental expense by abolishing, com
bining, or curtailing Federal agen
cies was created today by the Dem
ocratic House.
The action emphasized Speaker
Garner's declaration of Sunday that
the Democrats would not grant
President Hoover the unlimited
authority to reorganize the Gov
ernment he requested last week in
a special message to Congress.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23. (/P) —A
special economy committee to find
quick means for cutting govern
mental expense by abolishing, com
bining, or curtailing Federal agen
cies was created today by the Dem
ocratic House.
The action emphasized Speaker
Garner's declaration of Sunday that
the Democrats would not grant
President Hoover the unlimited
authority to reorganize the Gov
ernment he requested last week in
a special message to Congress.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23. (/P) —A
special economy committee to find
quick means for cutting govern
mental expense by abolishing, com
bining, or curtailing Federal agen
cies was created today by the Dem
ocratic House.
The action emphasized Speaker
Garner's declaration of Sunday that
the Democrats would not grant
President Hoover the unlimited
authority to reorganize the Gov
ernment he requested last week in
a special message to Congress.
