# INTRAMURAL SWIM MEDALS ARE READY
## 
### 
Myron Sprague, director of in
tramural water sports, announces
that gold, silver, and bronze med
als won in the intramural swim
ming meet last "Wednesday are now
ready for distribution. Winners of
first, second, and third places and
members of the winning relay team
may get their medals from Sprague
at Encina pool from 10 o'clock to
noon, and in the proctors' room of
the gymnasium in the afternoon.
Myron Sprague, director of in
tramural water sports, announces
that gold, silver, and bronze med
als won in the intramural swim
ming meet last "Wednesday are now
ready for distribution. Winners of
first, second, and third places and
members of the winning relay team
may get their medals from Sprague
at Encina pool from 10 o'clock to
noon, and in the proctors' room of
the gymnasium in the afternoon.
Myron Sprague, director of in
tramural water sports, announces
that gold, silver, and bronze med
als won in the intramural swim
ming meet last "Wednesday are now
ready for distribution. Winners of
first, second, and third places and
members of the winning relay team
may get their medals from Sprague
at Encina pool from 10 o'clock to
noon, and in the proctors' room of
the gymnasium in the afternoon.
Myron Sprague, director of in
tramural water sports, announces
that gold, silver, and bronze med
als won in the intramural swim
ming meet last "Wednesday are now
ready for distribution. Winners of
first, second, and third places and
members of the winning relay team
may get their medals from Sprague
at Encina pool from 10 o'clock to
noon, and in the proctors' room of
the gymnasium in the afternoon.
Myron Sprague, director of in
tramural water sports, announces
that gold, silver, and bronze med
als won in the intramural swim
ming meet last "Wednesday are now
ready for distribution. Winners of
first, second, and third places and
members of the winning relay team
may get their medals from Sprague
at Encina pool from 10 o'clock to
noon, and in the proctors' room of
the gymnasium in the afternoon.
Myron Sprague, director of in
tramural water sports, announces
that gold, silver, and bronze med
als won in the intramural swim
ming meet last "Wednesday are now
ready for distribution. Winners of
first, second, and third places and
members of the winning relay team
may get their medals from Sprague
at Encina pool from 10 o'clock to
noon, and in the proctors' room of
the gymnasium in the afternoon.
Myron Sprague, director of in
tramural water sports, announces
that gold, silver, and bronze med
als won in the intramural swim
ming meet last "Wednesday are now
ready for distribution. Winners of
first, second, and third places and
members of the winning relay team
may get their medals from Sprague
at Encina pool from 10 o'clock to
noon, and in the proctors' room of
the gymnasium in the afternoon.
Myron Sprague, director of in
tramural water sports, announces
that gold, silver, and bronze med
als won in the intramural swim
ming meet last "Wednesday are now
ready for distribution. Winners of
first, second, and third places and
members of the winning relay team
may get their medals from Sprague
at Encina pool from 10 o'clock to
noon, and in the proctors' room of
the gymnasium in the afternoon.
Myron Sprague, director of in
tramural water sports, announces
that gold, silver, and bronze med
als won in the intramural swim
ming meet last "Wednesday are now
ready for distribution. Winners of
first, second, and third places and
members of the winning relay team
may get their medals from Sprague
at Encina pool from 10 o'clock to
noon, and in the proctors' room of
the gymnasium in the afternoon.
Myron Sprague, director of in
tramural water sports, announces
that gold, silver, and bronze med
als won in the intramural swim
ming meet last "Wednesday are now
ready for distribution. Winners of
first, second, and third places and
members of the winning relay team
may get their medals from Sprague
at Encina pool from 10 o'clock to
noon, and in the proctors' room of
the gymnasium in the afternoon.
Myron Sprague, director of in
tramural water sports, announces
that gold, silver, and bronze med
als won in the intramural swim
ming meet last "Wednesday are now
ready for distribution. Winners of
first, second, and third places and
members of the winning relay team
may get their medals from Sprague
at Encina pool from 10 o'clock to
noon, and in the proctors' room of
the gymnasium in the afternoon.
Myron Sprague, director of in
tramural water sports, announces
that gold, silver, and bronze med
als won in the intramural swim
ming meet last "Wednesday are now
ready for distribution. Winners of
first, second, and third places and
members of the winning relay team
may get their medals from Sprague
at Encina pool from 10 o'clock to
noon, and in the proctors' room of
the gymnasium in the afternoon.
Myron Sprague, director of in
tramural water sports, announces
that gold, silver, and bronze med
als won in the intramural swim
ming meet last "Wednesday are now
ready for distribution. Winners of
first, second, and third places and
members of the winning relay team
may get their medals from Sprague
at Encina pool from 10 o'clock to
noon, and in the proctors' room of
the gymnasium in the afternoon.
Myron Sprague, director of in
tramural water sports, announces
that gold, silver, and bronze med
als won in the intramural swim
ming meet last "Wednesday are now
ready for distribution. Winners of
first, second, and third places and
members of the winning relay team
may get their medals from Sprague
at Encina pool from 10 o'clock to
noon, and in the proctors' room of
the gymnasium in the afternoon.
Myron Sprague, director of in
tramural water sports, announces
that gold, silver, and bronze med
als won in the intramural swim
ming meet last "Wednesday are now
ready for distribution. Winners of
first, second, and third places and
members of the winning relay team
may get their medals from Sprague
at Encina pool from 10 o'clock to
noon, and in the proctors' room of
the gymnasium in the afternoon.
