# WOMEN BARRED
## 
### 
LONDON, Feb. 2:5. (/P) — The
Daily Express said today that wo
men henceforth would he barred
from attending boxing tournaments
organized by the British Army Box
ing Association. The paper said
that heads of ihe association had
decided that boxing was "not an
edifying spectacle" for women.
LONDON, Feb. 2:5. (/P) — The
Daily Express said today that wo
men henceforth would he barred
from attending boxing tournaments
organized by the British Army Box
ing Association. The paper said
that heads of ihe association had
decided that boxing was "not an
edifying spectacle" for women.
LONDON, Feb. 2:5. (/P) — The
Daily Express said today that wo
men henceforth would he barred
from attending boxing tournaments
organized by the British Army Box
ing Association. The paper said
that heads of ihe association had
decided that boxing was "not an
edifying spectacle" for women.
LONDON, Feb. 2:5. (/P) — The
Daily Express said today that wo
men henceforth would he barred
from attending boxing tournaments
organized by the British Army Box
ing Association. The paper said
that heads of ihe association had
decided that boxing was "not an
edifying spectacle" for women.
LONDON, Feb. 2:5. (/P) — The
Daily Express said today that wo
men henceforth would he barred
from attending boxing tournaments
organized by the British Army Box
ing Association. The paper said
that heads of ihe association had
decided that boxing was "not an
edifying spectacle" for women.
LONDON, Feb. 2:5. (/P) — The
Daily Express said today that wo
men henceforth would he barred
from attending boxing tournaments
organized by the British Army Box
ing Association. The paper said
that heads of ihe association had
decided that boxing was "not an
edifying spectacle" for women.
LONDON, Feb. 2:5. (/P) — The
Daily Express said today that wo
men henceforth would he barred
from attending boxing tournaments
organized by the British Army Box
ing Association. The paper said
that heads of ihe association had
decided that boxing was "not an
edifying spectacle" for women.
LONDON, Feb. 2:5. (/P) — The
Daily Express said today that wo
men henceforth would he barred
from attending boxing tournaments
organized by the British Army Box
ing Association. The paper said
that heads of ihe association had
decided that boxing was "not an
edifying spectacle" for women.
LONDON, Feb. 2:5. (/P) — The
Daily Express said today that wo
men henceforth would he barred
from attending boxing tournaments
organized by the British Army Box
ing Association. The paper said
that heads of ihe association had
decided that boxing was "not an
edifying spectacle" for women.
LONDON, Feb. 2:5. (/P) — The
Daily Express said today that wo
men henceforth would he barred
from attending boxing tournaments
organized by the British Army Box
ing Association. The paper said
that heads of ihe association had
decided that boxing was "not an
edifying spectacle" for women.
LONDON, Feb. 2:5. (/P) — The
Daily Express said today that wo
men henceforth would he barred
from attending boxing tournaments
organized by the British Army Box
ing Association. The paper said
that heads of ihe association had
decided that boxing was "not an
edifying spectacle" for women.
LONDON, Feb. 2:5. (/P) — The
Daily Express said today that wo
men henceforth would he barred
from attending boxing tournaments
organized by the British Army Box
ing Association. The paper said
that heads of ihe association had
decided that boxing was "not an
edifying spectacle" for women.
LONDON, Feb. 2:5. (/P) — The
Daily Express said today that wo
men henceforth would he barred
from attending boxing tournaments
organized by the British Army Box
ing Association. The paper said
that heads of ihe association had
decided that boxing was "not an
edifying spectacle" for women.
LONDON, Feb. 2:5. (/P) — The
Daily Express said today that wo
men henceforth would he barred
from attending boxing tournaments
organized by the British Army Box
ing Association. The paper said
that heads of ihe association had
decided that boxing was "not an
edifying spectacle" for women.
LONDON, Feb. 2:5. (/P) — The
Daily Express said today that wo
men henceforth would he barred
from attending boxing tournaments
organized by the British Army Box
ing Association. The paper said
that heads of ihe association had
decided that boxing was "not an
edifying spectacle" for women.
