# Theater Tickets.
## 
### 
Tickets for the Columbia Theater
Thanksgiving night are selling very
rapidly. All those placed on sale
at the Bookstore have been sold,
and Treasurer Taylor went to San
Francisco this morning for another
block of seats. These will he
placed on sale Monday at the
Bookstore. However, only a few
more will be placed on sale, and
those wishing seats should be on
hand early. Judging from present
indications, Alice Neilsen will be
greeted by a genuine Stanford audi
ence.
Tickets for the Columbia Theater
Thanksgiving night are selling very
rapidly. All those placed on sale
at the Bookstore have been sold,
and Treasurer Taylor went to San
Francisco this morning for another
block of seats. These will he
placed on sale Monday at the
Bookstore. However, only a few
more will be placed on sale, and
those wishing seats should be on
hand early. Judging from present
indications, Alice Neilsen will be
greeted by a genuine Stanford audi
ence.
Tickets for the Columbia Theater
Thanksgiving night are selling very
rapidly. All those placed on sale
at the Bookstore have been sold,
and Treasurer Taylor went to San
Francisco this morning for another
block of seats. These will he
placed on sale Monday at the
Bookstore. However, only a few
more will be placed on sale, and
those wishing seats should be on
hand early. Judging from present
indications, Alice Neilsen will be
greeted by a genuine Stanford audi
ence.
Tickets for the Columbia Theater
Thanksgiving night are selling very
rapidly. All those placed on sale
at the Bookstore have been sold,
and Treasurer Taylor went to San
Francisco this morning for another
block of seats. These will he
placed on sale Monday at the
Bookstore. However, only a few
more will be placed on sale, and
those wishing seats should be on
hand early. Judging from present
indications, Alice Neilsen will be
greeted by a genuine Stanford audi
ence.
Tickets for the Columbia Theater
Thanksgiving night are selling very
rapidly. All those placed on sale
at the Bookstore have been sold,
and Treasurer Taylor went to San
Francisco this morning for another
block of seats. These will he
placed on sale Monday at the
Bookstore. However, only a few
more will be placed on sale, and
those wishing seats should be on
hand early. Judging from present
indications, Alice Neilsen will be
greeted by a genuine Stanford audi
ence.
Tickets for the Columbia Theater
Thanksgiving night are selling very
rapidly. All those placed on sale
at the Bookstore have been sold,
and Treasurer Taylor went to San
Francisco this morning for another
block of seats. These will he
placed on sale Monday at the
Bookstore. However, only a few
more will be placed on sale, and
those wishing seats should be on
hand early. Judging from present
indications, Alice Neilsen will be
greeted by a genuine Stanford audi
ence.
Tickets for the Columbia Theater
Thanksgiving night are selling very
rapidly. All those placed on sale
at the Bookstore have been sold,
and Treasurer Taylor went to San
Francisco this morning for another
block of seats. These will he
placed on sale Monday at the
Bookstore. However, only a few
more will be placed on sale, and
those wishing seats should be on
hand early. Judging from present
indications, Alice Neilsen will be
greeted by a genuine Stanford audi
ence.
