# Adv. 26 Page 11
## 
### 
HELP WANTED
Stanford Linear
Accelerator Center
The Stanford Linear
Accelerator Center (SLAC), a
high-energy physics research
facility, has immediate part
time openings for:
LAB ASSISTANTS
Averaging 12 hours per week
$8.40 per hour
You will perform a large
number of precision mea
surements using computer
ized test equipment on com
ponents that are being fabri
cated for the Csl Calorimeter
for the Babar experiment.
Perform light yield and uni
formity measurements using
computerized test stations,
data entry into a database,
adn some light mechanical
assembly work which
includes: polishing crystals,
wrapping and optical tuning
of crystals, and attaching
photodiode sensui s to crys
tals. Previous experience
working in a laboratory use
ful. Student majoring in the
sciences or engineering pre
ferred. The ability to use
mechanical and electrical
equipment, and experience
with a Macintosh personal
computer helpful
For immediate consideration,
contact Diedre Webb at
(415)926-4744. Or E-Mail to
DEE@SLAC.Stanford.EDU
Receptionist position. PT. Fax
(415)328-9478
