# Ujamaa frosh rejects description of dorm as hostile, divisive
## 
### 
In response to Meredith McMor
row's letter (yesterday's Daily) con
cerning the "hostility and degradation"
that supposedly exists in the African-
American theme house Ujamaa, I
would like to voice my opinion regard
ing this matter.

McMorrow's generalizations about
Ujamaa are completely ungrounded
because she has never lived in the
dorm and therefore has no right to
judge the said goings-on in the dorm.
Being a current resident myself and
never having experienced hostility or
degradation in any form, I wonder how
she comes up with these far-fetched
claims. On the contrary, Ujamaa has
provided nothing but a supportive and
welcoming environment for me, my co
residents and for all those who visit.
McMorrow asks, "Shouldn't Ujamaa

be a place where members of Stan
ford's black community can seek
refuge from the racism that surrounds
them and degrades them?" Well, in
defense of Ujamaa, I would respond
that it certainly is a place that provides
refuge from racism and degradation, as
well as a whole lot more. I know of
many black people who live in non-eth
nic dorms, and several of them are
unhappy because they can't find a sup
portive atmosphere at any other place
on campus besides Ujamaa. And yes,
cliques do exist, but don't they also

exist everywhere on campus and in our
society?
I am an African student a long way
from home, and I truly value the famil
ial setting Ujamaa offers to both its
residents and visitors. Meredith, why
didn't you try living in Ujamaa for a
year instead of criticizing something
you know absolutely nothing about? Or
perhaps you should just stop worrying
your pretty little Southern head with
matters that do not concern you.
Solange Jacobs
Freshman, communication
In response to Meredith McMor
row's letter (yesterday's Daily) con
cerning the "hostility and degradation"
that supposedly exists in the African-
American theme house Ujamaa, I
would like to voice my opinion regard
ing this matter.

McMorrow's generalizations about
Ujamaa are completely ungrounded
because she has never lived in the
dorm and therefore has no right to
judge the said goings-on in the dorm.
Being a current resident myself and
never having experienced hostility or
degradation in any form, I wonder how
she comes up with these far-fetched
claims. On the contrary, Ujamaa has
provided nothing but a supportive and
welcoming environment for me, my co
residents and for all those who visit.
McMorrow asks, "Shouldn't Ujamaa

be a place where members of Stan
ford's black community can seek
refuge from the racism that surrounds
them and degrades them?" Well, in
defense of Ujamaa, I would respond
that it certainly is a place that provides
refuge from racism and degradation, as
well as a whole lot more. I know of
many black people who live in non-eth
nic dorms, and several of them are
unhappy because they can't find a sup
portive atmosphere at any other place
on campus besides Ujamaa. And yes,
cliques do exist, but don't they also

exist everywhere on campus and in our
society?
I am an African student a long way
from home, and I truly value the famil
ial setting Ujamaa offers to both its
residents and visitors. Meredith, why
didn't you try living in Ujamaa for a
year instead of criticizing something
you know absolutely nothing about? Or
perhaps you should just stop worrying
your pretty little Southern head with
matters that do not concern you.
Solange Jacobs
Freshman, communication
In response to Meredith McMor
row's letter (yesterday's Daily) con
cerning the "hostility and degradation"
that supposedly exists in the African-
American theme house Ujamaa, I
would like to voice my opinion regard
ing this matter.

McMorrow's generalizations about
Ujamaa are completely ungrounded
because she has never lived in the
dorm and therefore has no right to
judge the said goings-on in the dorm.
Being a current resident myself and
never having experienced hostility or
degradation in any form, I wonder how
she comes up with these far-fetched
claims. On the contrary, Ujamaa has
provided nothing but a supportive and
welcoming environment for me, my co
residents and for all those who visit.
McMorrow asks, "Shouldn't Ujamaa

be a place where members of Stan
ford's black community can seek
refuge from the racism that surrounds
them and degrades them?" Well, in
defense of Ujamaa, I would respond
that it certainly is a place that provides
refuge from racism and degradation, as
well as a whole lot more. I know of
many black people who live in non-eth
nic dorms, and several of them are
unhappy because they can't find a sup
portive atmosphere at any other place
on campus besides Ujamaa. And yes,
cliques do exist, but don't they also

exist everywhere on campus and in our
society?
I am an African student a long way
from home, and I truly value the famil
ial setting Ujamaa offers to both its
residents and visitors. Meredith, why
didn't you try living in Ujamaa for a
year instead of criticizing something
you know absolutely nothing about? Or
perhaps you should just stop worrying
your pretty little Southern head with
matters that do not concern you.
Solange Jacobs
Freshman, communication
In response to Meredith McMor
row's letter (yesterday's Daily) con
cerning the "hostility and degradation"
that supposedly exists in the African-
American theme house Ujamaa, I
would like to voice my opinion regard
ing this matter.

McMorrow's generalizations about
Ujamaa are completely ungrounded
because she has never lived in the
dorm and therefore has no right to
judge the said goings-on in the dorm.
Being a current resident myself and
never having experienced hostility or
degradation in any form, I wonder how
she comes up with these far-fetched
claims. On the contrary, Ujamaa has
provided nothing but a supportive and
welcoming environment for me, my co
residents and for all those who visit.
McMorrow asks, "Shouldn't Ujamaa

be a place where members of Stan
ford's black community can seek
refuge from the racism that surrounds
them and degrades them?" Well, in
defense of Ujamaa, I would respond
that it certainly is a place that provides
refuge from racism and degradation, as
well as a whole lot more. I know of
many black people who live in non-eth
nic dorms, and several of them are
unhappy because they can't find a sup
portive atmosphere at any other place
on campus besides Ujamaa. And yes,
cliques do exist, but don't they also

exist everywhere on campus and in our
society?
I am an African student a long way
from home, and I truly value the famil
ial setting Ujamaa offers to both its
residents and visitors. Meredith, why
didn't you try living in Ujamaa for a
year instead of criticizing something
you know absolutely nothing about? Or
perhaps you should just stop worrying
your pretty little Southern head with
matters that do not concern you.
Solange Jacobs
Freshman, communication
In response to Meredith McMor
row's letter (yesterday's Daily) con
cerning the "hostility and degradation"
that supposedly exists in the African-
American theme house Ujamaa, I
would like to voice my opinion regard
ing this matter.

McMorrow's generalizations about
Ujamaa are completely ungrounded
because she has never lived in the
dorm and therefore has no right to
judge the said goings-on in the dorm.
Being a current resident myself and
never having experienced hostility or
degradation in any form, I wonder how
she comes up with these far-fetched
claims. On the contrary, Ujamaa has
provided nothing but a supportive and
welcoming environment for me, my co
residents and for all those who visit.
McMorrow asks, "Shouldn't Ujamaa

be a place where members of Stan
ford's black community can seek
refuge from the racism that surrounds
them and degrades them?" Well, in
defense of Ujamaa, I would respond
that it certainly is a place that provides
refuge from racism and degradation, as
well as a whole lot more. I know of
many black people who live in non-eth
nic dorms, and several of them are
unhappy because they can't find a sup
portive atmosphere at any other place
on campus besides Ujamaa. And yes,
cliques do exist, but don't they also

exist everywhere on campus and in our
society?
I am an African student a long way
from home, and I truly value the famil
ial setting Ujamaa offers to both its
residents and visitors. Meredith, why
didn't you try living in Ujamaa for a
year instead of criticizing something
you know absolutely nothing about? Or
perhaps you should just stop worrying
your pretty little Southern head with
matters that do not concern you.
Solange Jacobs
Freshman, communication
