# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Ann Lester to Fred
Hillier, Stern '58.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Ann Lester to Fred
Hillier, Stern '58.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Ann Lester to Fred
Hillier, Stern '58.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Ann Lester to Fred
Hillier, Stern '58.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Ann Lester to Fred
Hillier, Stern '58.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Ann Lester to Fred
Hillier, Stern '58.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Ann Lester to Fred
Hillier, Stern '58.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Ann Lester to Fred
Hillier, Stern '58.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Ann Lester to Fred
Hillier, Stern '58.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Ann Lester to Fred
Hillier, Stern '58.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Ann Lester to Fred
Hillier, Stern '58.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Ann Lester to Fred
Hillier, Stern '58.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Ann Lester to Fred
Hillier, Stern '58.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Ann Lester to Fred
Hillier, Stern '58.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Ann Lester to Fred
Hillier, Stern '58.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Ann Lester to Fred
Hillier, Stern '58.
Roth House announces the en
gagement of Ann Lester to Fred
Hillier, Stern '58.
