# 'Madam' Tickets
## 
### 
Today is the last day to buy
blocks of 20 or more tickets for
the Spring Show, "Call Me Mad
am." Groups ordering tickets in
excess of 40 may return up to 10
of them until April 23. Orders
may be mailed to Ram's Head
Productions, Box 830, Stanford.
The show will run May 7, 8, 9
and 10, with a special 7:30 cur
tain time opening night.
Today is the last day to buy
blocks of 20 or more tickets for
the Spring Show, "Call Me Mad
am." Groups ordering tickets in
excess of 40 may return up to 10
of them until April 23. Orders
may be mailed to Ram's Head
Productions, Box 830, Stanford.
The show will run May 7, 8, 9
and 10, with a special 7:30 cur
tain time opening night.
Today is the last day to buy
blocks of 20 or more tickets for
the Spring Show, "Call Me Mad
am." Groups ordering tickets in
excess of 40 may return up to 10
of them until April 23. Orders
may be mailed to Ram's Head
Productions, Box 830, Stanford.
The show will run May 7, 8, 9
and 10, with a special 7:30 cur
tain time opening night.
Today is the last day to buy
blocks of 20 or more tickets for
the Spring Show, "Call Me Mad
am." Groups ordering tickets in
excess of 40 may return up to 10
of them until April 23. Orders
may be mailed to Ram's Head
Productions, Box 830, Stanford.
The show will run May 7, 8, 9
and 10, with a special 7:30 cur
tain time opening night.
Today is the last day to buy
blocks of 20 or more tickets for
the Spring Show, "Call Me Mad
am." Groups ordering tickets in
excess of 40 may return up to 10
of them until April 23. Orders
may be mailed to Ram's Head
Productions, Box 830, Stanford.
The show will run May 7, 8, 9
and 10, with a special 7:30 cur
tain time opening night.
Today is the last day to buy
blocks of 20 or more tickets for
the Spring Show, "Call Me Mad
am." Groups ordering tickets in
excess of 40 may return up to 10
of them until April 23. Orders
may be mailed to Ram's Head
Productions, Box 830, Stanford.
The show will run May 7, 8, 9
and 10, with a special 7:30 cur
tain time opening night.
Today is the last day to buy
blocks of 20 or more tickets for
the Spring Show, "Call Me Mad
am." Groups ordering tickets in
excess of 40 may return up to 10
of them until April 23. Orders
may be mailed to Ram's Head
Productions, Box 830, Stanford.
The show will run May 7, 8, 9
and 10, with a special 7:30 cur
tain time opening night.
Today is the last day to buy
blocks of 20 or more tickets for
the Spring Show, "Call Me Mad
am." Groups ordering tickets in
excess of 40 may return up to 10
of them until April 23. Orders
may be mailed to Ram's Head
Productions, Box 830, Stanford.
The show will run May 7, 8, 9
and 10, with a special 7:30 cur
tain time opening night.
Today is the last day to buy
blocks of 20 or more tickets for
the Spring Show, "Call Me Mad
am." Groups ordering tickets in
excess of 40 may return up to 10
of them until April 23. Orders
may be mailed to Ram's Head
Productions, Box 830, Stanford.
The show will run May 7, 8, 9
and 10, with a special 7:30 cur
tain time opening night.
Today is the last day to buy
blocks of 20 or more tickets for
the Spring Show, "Call Me Mad
am." Groups ordering tickets in
excess of 40 may return up to 10
of them until April 23. Orders
may be mailed to Ram's Head
Productions, Box 830, Stanford.
The show will run May 7, 8, 9
and 10, with a special 7:30 cur
tain time opening night.
Today is the last day to buy
blocks of 20 or more tickets for
the Spring Show, "Call Me Mad
am." Groups ordering tickets in
excess of 40 may return up to 10
of them until April 23. Orders
may be mailed to Ram's Head
Productions, Box 830, Stanford.
The show will run May 7, 8, 9
and 10, with a special 7:30 cur
tain time opening night.
Today is the last day to buy
blocks of 20 or more tickets for
the Spring Show, "Call Me Mad
am." Groups ordering tickets in
excess of 40 may return up to 10
of them until April 23. Orders
may be mailed to Ram's Head
Productions, Box 830, Stanford.
The show will run May 7, 8, 9
and 10, with a special 7:30 cur
tain time opening night.
Today is the last day to buy
blocks of 20 or more tickets for
the Spring Show, "Call Me Mad
am." Groups ordering tickets in
excess of 40 may return up to 10
of them until April 23. Orders
may be mailed to Ram's Head
Productions, Box 830, Stanford.
The show will run May 7, 8, 9
and 10, with a special 7:30 cur
tain time opening night.
Today is the last day to buy
blocks of 20 or more tickets for
the Spring Show, "Call Me Mad
am." Groups ordering tickets in
excess of 40 may return up to 10
of them until April 23. Orders
may be mailed to Ram's Head
Productions, Box 830, Stanford.
The show will run May 7, 8, 9
and 10, with a special 7:30 cur
tain time opening night.
Today is the last day to buy
blocks of 20 or more tickets for
the Spring Show, "Call Me Mad
am." Groups ordering tickets in
excess of 40 may return up to 10
of them until April 23. Orders
may be mailed to Ram's Head
Productions, Box 830, Stanford.
The show will run May 7, 8, 9
and 10, with a special 7:30 cur
tain time opening night.
Today is the last day to buy
blocks of 20 or more tickets for
the Spring Show, "Call Me Mad
am." Groups ordering tickets in
excess of 40 may return up to 10
of them until April 23. Orders
may be mailed to Ram's Head
Productions, Box 830, Stanford.
The show will run May 7, 8, 9
and 10, with a special 7:30 cur
tain time opening night.
Today is the last day to buy
blocks of 20 or more tickets for
the Spring Show, "Call Me Mad
am." Groups ordering tickets in
excess of 40 may return up to 10
of them until April 23. Orders
may be mailed to Ram's Head
Productions, Box 830, Stanford.
The show will run May 7, 8, 9
and 10, with a special 7:30 cur
tain time opening night.
