# 'Stitchery' Show Now at Gallery
## 
### 
"Contemporary Stitchery," a
display of wall hangings by Mrs.
Jean Ray Laury of Stanford Vil
lage, will end Sunday at the Stan
ford Art Gallery. Hours are from
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and tomor
row, and Sunday from noon to 4
p.m.
"Contemporary Stitchery," a
display of wall hangings by Mrs.
Jean Ray Laury of Stanford Vil
lage, will end Sunday at the Stan
ford Art Gallery. Hours are from
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and tomor
row, and Sunday from noon to 4
p.m.
"Contemporary Stitchery," a
display of wall hangings by Mrs.
Jean Ray Laury of Stanford Vil
lage, will end Sunday at the Stan
ford Art Gallery. Hours are from
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and tomor
row, and Sunday from noon to 4
p.m.
"Contemporary Stitchery," a
display of wall hangings by Mrs.
Jean Ray Laury of Stanford Vil
lage, will end Sunday at the Stan
ford Art Gallery. Hours are from
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and tomor
row, and Sunday from noon to 4
p.m.
"Contemporary Stitchery," a
display of wall hangings by Mrs.
Jean Ray Laury of Stanford Vil
lage, will end Sunday at the Stan
ford Art Gallery. Hours are from
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and tomor
row, and Sunday from noon to 4
p.m.
"Contemporary Stitchery," a
display of wall hangings by Mrs.
Jean Ray Laury of Stanford Vil
lage, will end Sunday at the Stan
ford Art Gallery. Hours are from
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and tomor
row, and Sunday from noon to 4
p.m.
"Contemporary Stitchery," a
display of wall hangings by Mrs.
Jean Ray Laury of Stanford Vil
lage, will end Sunday at the Stan
ford Art Gallery. Hours are from
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and tomor
row, and Sunday from noon to 4
p.m.
"Contemporary Stitchery," a
display of wall hangings by Mrs.
Jean Ray Laury of Stanford Vil
lage, will end Sunday at the Stan
ford Art Gallery. Hours are from
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and tomor
row, and Sunday from noon to 4
p.m.
"Contemporary Stitchery," a
display of wall hangings by Mrs.
Jean Ray Laury of Stanford Vil
lage, will end Sunday at the Stan
ford Art Gallery. Hours are from
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and tomor
row, and Sunday from noon to 4
p.m.
"Contemporary Stitchery," a
display of wall hangings by Mrs.
Jean Ray Laury of Stanford Vil
lage, will end Sunday at the Stan
ford Art Gallery. Hours are from
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and tomor
row, and Sunday from noon to 4
p.m.
"Contemporary Stitchery," a
display of wall hangings by Mrs.
Jean Ray Laury of Stanford Vil
lage, will end Sunday at the Stan
ford Art Gallery. Hours are from
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and tomor
row, and Sunday from noon to 4
p.m.
"Contemporary Stitchery," a
display of wall hangings by Mrs.
Jean Ray Laury of Stanford Vil
lage, will end Sunday at the Stan
ford Art Gallery. Hours are from
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and tomor
row, and Sunday from noon to 4
p.m.
"Contemporary Stitchery," a
display of wall hangings by Mrs.
Jean Ray Laury of Stanford Vil
lage, will end Sunday at the Stan
ford Art Gallery. Hours are from
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and tomor
row, and Sunday from noon to 4
p.m.
"Contemporary Stitchery," a
display of wall hangings by Mrs.
Jean Ray Laury of Stanford Vil
lage, will end Sunday at the Stan
ford Art Gallery. Hours are from
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and tomor
row, and Sunday from noon to 4
p.m.
"Contemporary Stitchery," a
display of wall hangings by Mrs.
Jean Ray Laury of Stanford Vil
lage, will end Sunday at the Stan
ford Art Gallery. Hours are from
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and tomor
row, and Sunday from noon to 4
p.m.
"Contemporary Stitchery," a
display of wall hangings by Mrs.
Jean Ray Laury of Stanford Vil
lage, will end Sunday at the Stan
ford Art Gallery. Hours are from
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and tomor
row, and Sunday from noon to 4
p.m.
"Contemporary Stitchery," a
display of wall hangings by Mrs.
Jean Ray Laury of Stanford Vil
lage, will end Sunday at the Stan
ford Art Gallery. Hours are from
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and tomor
row, and Sunday from noon to 4
p.m.
