# Concert Aids Scholarships
## 
### 
Proceeds from tonight's con
cert by world-renowned soprano
Irmgard Seefried will aid in es
tablishing exchange scholarships
for students from the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Kcio Uni
versity in Japan.
Under the sponsorship of the
Institute of International Rela
tions, the benefit concert will be
held in Memorial Auditorium at
8:30. Tickets can still be bought
in the N'itery or by calling DAv
enport 3-3870. Prices range from
$1.50 to $3.50.
Tonight's concert will center
around a collection of songs
based on the poetry of Heinrich
Heine and Eduard Morike. Fea
tured compositions include works
of Mendelssohn, Schumann, Rich
ard Strauss and Hugo Wolf.
Proceeds from tonight's con
cert by world-renowned soprano
Irmgard Seefried will aid in es
tablishing exchange scholarships
for students from the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Kcio Uni
versity in Japan.
Under the sponsorship of the
Institute of International Rela
tions, the benefit concert will be
held in Memorial Auditorium at
8:30. Tickets can still be bought
in the N'itery or by calling DAv
enport 3-3870. Prices range from
$1.50 to $3.50.
Tonight's concert will center
around a collection of songs
based on the poetry of Heinrich
Heine and Eduard Morike. Fea
tured compositions include works
of Mendelssohn, Schumann, Rich
ard Strauss and Hugo Wolf.
Proceeds from tonight's con
cert by world-renowned soprano
Irmgard Seefried will aid in es
tablishing exchange scholarships
for students from the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Kcio Uni
versity in Japan.
Under the sponsorship of the
Institute of International Rela
tions, the benefit concert will be
held in Memorial Auditorium at
8:30. Tickets can still be bought
in the N'itery or by calling DAv
enport 3-3870. Prices range from
$1.50 to $3.50.
Tonight's concert will center
around a collection of songs
based on the poetry of Heinrich
Heine and Eduard Morike. Fea
tured compositions include works
of Mendelssohn, Schumann, Rich
ard Strauss and Hugo Wolf.
Proceeds from tonight's con
cert by world-renowned soprano
Irmgard Seefried will aid in es
tablishing exchange scholarships
for students from the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Kcio Uni
versity in Japan.
Under the sponsorship of the
Institute of International Rela
tions, the benefit concert will be
held in Memorial Auditorium at
8:30. Tickets can still be bought
in the N'itery or by calling DAv
enport 3-3870. Prices range from
$1.50 to $3.50.
Tonight's concert will center
around a collection of songs
based on the poetry of Heinrich
Heine and Eduard Morike. Fea
tured compositions include works
of Mendelssohn, Schumann, Rich
ard Strauss and Hugo Wolf.
Proceeds from tonight's con
cert by world-renowned soprano
Irmgard Seefried will aid in es
tablishing exchange scholarships
for students from the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Kcio Uni
versity in Japan.
Under the sponsorship of the
Institute of International Rela
tions, the benefit concert will be
held in Memorial Auditorium at
8:30. Tickets can still be bought
in the N'itery or by calling DAv
enport 3-3870. Prices range from
$1.50 to $3.50.
Tonight's concert will center
around a collection of songs
based on the poetry of Heinrich
Heine and Eduard Morike. Fea
tured compositions include works
of Mendelssohn, Schumann, Rich
ard Strauss and Hugo Wolf.
Proceeds from tonight's con
cert by world-renowned soprano
Irmgard Seefried will aid in es
tablishing exchange scholarships
for students from the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Kcio Uni
versity in Japan.
Under the sponsorship of the
Institute of International Rela
tions, the benefit concert will be
held in Memorial Auditorium at
8:30. Tickets can still be bought
in the N'itery or by calling DAv
enport 3-3870. Prices range from
$1.50 to $3.50.
Tonight's concert will center
around a collection of songs
based on the poetry of Heinrich
Heine and Eduard Morike. Fea
tured compositions include works
of Mendelssohn, Schumann, Rich
ard Strauss and Hugo Wolf.
Proceeds from tonight's con
cert by world-renowned soprano
Irmgard Seefried will aid in es
tablishing exchange scholarships
for students from the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Kcio Uni
versity in Japan.
Under the sponsorship of the
Institute of International Rela
tions, the benefit concert will be
held in Memorial Auditorium at
8:30. Tickets can still be bought
in the N'itery or by calling DAv
enport 3-3870. Prices range from
$1.50 to $3.50.
Tonight's concert will center
around a collection of songs
based on the poetry of Heinrich
Heine and Eduard Morike. Fea
tured compositions include works
of Mendelssohn, Schumann, Rich
ard Strauss and Hugo Wolf.
Proceeds from tonight's con
cert by world-renowned soprano
Irmgard Seefried will aid in es
tablishing exchange scholarships
for students from the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Kcio Uni
versity in Japan.
Under the sponsorship of the
Institute of International Rela
tions, the benefit concert will be
held in Memorial Auditorium at
8:30. Tickets can still be bought
in the N'itery or by calling DAv
enport 3-3870. Prices range from
$1.50 to $3.50.
Tonight's concert will center
around a collection of songs
based on the poetry of Heinrich
Heine and Eduard Morike. Fea
tured compositions include works
of Mendelssohn, Schumann, Rich
ard Strauss and Hugo Wolf.
Proceeds from tonight's con
cert by world-renowned soprano
Irmgard Seefried will aid in es
tablishing exchange scholarships
for students from the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Kcio Uni
versity in Japan.
Under the sponsorship of the
Institute of International Rela
tions, the benefit concert will be
held in Memorial Auditorium at
8:30. Tickets can still be bought
in the N'itery or by calling DAv
enport 3-3870. Prices range from
$1.50 to $3.50.
Tonight's concert will center
around a collection of songs
based on the poetry of Heinrich
Heine and Eduard Morike. Fea
tured compositions include works
of Mendelssohn, Schumann, Rich
ard Strauss and Hugo Wolf.
Proceeds from tonight's con
cert by world-renowned soprano
Irmgard Seefried will aid in es
tablishing exchange scholarships
for students from the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Kcio Uni
versity in Japan.
Under the sponsorship of the
Institute of International Rela
tions, the benefit concert will be
held in Memorial Auditorium at
8:30. Tickets can still be bought
in the N'itery or by calling DAv
enport 3-3870. Prices range from
$1.50 to $3.50.
Tonight's concert will center
around a collection of songs
based on the poetry of Heinrich
Heine and Eduard Morike. Fea
tured compositions include works
of Mendelssohn, Schumann, Rich
ard Strauss and Hugo Wolf.
Proceeds from tonight's con
cert by world-renowned soprano
Irmgard Seefried will aid in es
tablishing exchange scholarships
for students from the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Kcio Uni
versity in Japan.
Under the sponsorship of the
Institute of International Rela
tions, the benefit concert will be
held in Memorial Auditorium at
8:30. Tickets can still be bought
in the N'itery or by calling DAv
enport 3-3870. Prices range from
$1.50 to $3.50.
Tonight's concert will center
around a collection of songs
based on the poetry of Heinrich
Heine and Eduard Morike. Fea
tured compositions include works
of Mendelssohn, Schumann, Rich
ard Strauss and Hugo Wolf.
Proceeds from tonight's con
cert by world-renowned soprano
Irmgard Seefried will aid in es
tablishing exchange scholarships
for students from the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Kcio Uni
versity in Japan.
Under the sponsorship of the
Institute of International Rela
tions, the benefit concert will be
held in Memorial Auditorium at
8:30. Tickets can still be bought
in the N'itery or by calling DAv
enport 3-3870. Prices range from
$1.50 to $3.50.
Tonight's concert will center
around a collection of songs
based on the poetry of Heinrich
Heine and Eduard Morike. Fea
tured compositions include works
of Mendelssohn, Schumann, Rich
ard Strauss and Hugo Wolf.
Proceeds from tonight's con
cert by world-renowned soprano
Irmgard Seefried will aid in es
tablishing exchange scholarships
for students from the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Kcio Uni
versity in Japan.
Under the sponsorship of the
Institute of International Rela
tions, the benefit concert will be
held in Memorial Auditorium at
8:30. Tickets can still be bought
in the N'itery or by calling DAv
enport 3-3870. Prices range from
$1.50 to $3.50.
Tonight's concert will center
around a collection of songs
based on the poetry of Heinrich
Heine and Eduard Morike. Fea
tured compositions include works
of Mendelssohn, Schumann, Rich
ard Strauss and Hugo Wolf.
Proceeds from tonight's con
cert by world-renowned soprano
Irmgard Seefried will aid in es
tablishing exchange scholarships
for students from the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Kcio Uni
versity in Japan.
Under the sponsorship of the
Institute of International Rela
tions, the benefit concert will be
held in Memorial Auditorium at
8:30. Tickets can still be bought
in the N'itery or by calling DAv
enport 3-3870. Prices range from
$1.50 to $3.50.
Tonight's concert will center
around a collection of songs
based on the poetry of Heinrich
Heine and Eduard Morike. Fea
tured compositions include works
of Mendelssohn, Schumann, Rich
ard Strauss and Hugo Wolf.
Proceeds from tonight's con
cert by world-renowned soprano
Irmgard Seefried will aid in es
tablishing exchange scholarships
for students from the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Kcio Uni
versity in Japan.
Under the sponsorship of the
Institute of International Rela
tions, the benefit concert will be
held in Memorial Auditorium at
8:30. Tickets can still be bought
in the N'itery or by calling DAv
enport 3-3870. Prices range from
$1.50 to $3.50.
Tonight's concert will center
around a collection of songs
based on the poetry of Heinrich
Heine and Eduard Morike. Fea
tured compositions include works
of Mendelssohn, Schumann, Rich
ard Strauss and Hugo Wolf.
Proceeds from tonight's con
cert by world-renowned soprano
Irmgard Seefried will aid in es
tablishing exchange scholarships
for students from the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Kcio Uni
versity in Japan.
Under the sponsorship of the
Institute of International Rela
tions, the benefit concert will be
held in Memorial Auditorium at
8:30. Tickets can still be bought
in the N'itery or by calling DAv
enport 3-3870. Prices range from
$1.50 to $3.50.
Tonight's concert will center
around a collection of songs
based on the poetry of Heinrich
Heine and Eduard Morike. Fea
tured compositions include works
of Mendelssohn, Schumann, Rich
ard Strauss and Hugo Wolf.
Proceeds from tonight's con
cert by world-renowned soprano
Irmgard Seefried will aid in es
tablishing exchange scholarships
for students from the Free Uni
versity of Berlin and Kcio Uni
versity in Japan.
Under the sponsorship of the
Institute of International Rela
tions, the benefit concert will be
held in Memorial Auditorium at
8:30. Tickets can still be bought
in the N'itery or by calling DAv
enport 3-3870. Prices range from
$1.50 to $3.50.
Tonight's concert will center
around a collection of songs
based on the poetry of Heinrich
Heine and Eduard Morike. Fea
tured compositions include works
of Mendelssohn, Schumann, Rich
ard Strauss and Hugo Wolf.
