# Adv. 8 Page 7
## 
### 
CLASSIFIEDS
(650) 721-5803
www.stanforddaily.
com/classifieds
WANTED
$$ SPERM DONORS WANTED $$
Earn up to $1,200/ month. Give the gift
of family through California Cryobank's
donor program. Apply online:
SPERMBANK.com
EGG DONOR WANTED
Gay Stanford grad (BS 'B5, MBA '9O) and
husband looking for egg donor for our
surrogacy process. Would love to hear
from donors (19-25) who are happy, con
fident, empathetic, tenacious, and athlet
ic. (Compensation provided.) Email:
SeekingStanfordDonor@comcast.net
or call 415-225-3769. Not an agency.
CLASSIFIEDS
(650) 721-5803
www.stanforddaily.
com/classifieds
WANTED
$$ SPERM DONORS WANTED $$
Earn up to $1,200/ month. Give the gift
of family through California Cryobank's
donor program. Apply online:
SPERMBANK.com
EGG DONOR WANTED
Gay Stanford grad (BS 'B5, MBA '9O) and
husband looking for egg donor for our
surrogacy process. Would love to hear
from donors (19-25) who are happy, con
fident, empathetic, tenacious, and athlet
ic. (Compensation provided.) Email:
SeekingStanfordDonor@comcast.net
or call 415-225-3769. Not an agency.
CLASSIFIEDS
(650) 721-5803
www.stanforddaily.
com/classifieds
WANTED
$$ SPERM DONORS WANTED $$
Earn up to $1,200/ month. Give the gift
of family through California Cryobank's
donor program. Apply online:
SPERMBANK.com
EGG DONOR WANTED
Gay Stanford grad (BS 'B5, MBA '9O) and
husband looking for egg donor for our
surrogacy process. Would love to hear
from donors (19-25) who are happy, con
fident, empathetic, tenacious, and athlet
ic. (Compensation provided.) Email:
SeekingStanfordDonor@comcast.net
or call 415-225-3769. Not an agency.
CLASSIFIEDS
(650) 721-5803
www.stanforddaily.
com/classifieds
WANTED
$$ SPERM DONORS WANTED $$
Earn up to $1,200/ month. Give the gift
of family through California Cryobank's
donor program. Apply online:
SPERMBANK.com
EGG DONOR WANTED
Gay Stanford grad (BS 'B5, MBA '9O) and
husband looking for egg donor for our
surrogacy process. Would love to hear
from donors (19-25) who are happy, con
fident, empathetic, tenacious, and athlet
ic. (Compensation provided.) Email:
SeekingStanfordDonor@comcast.net
or call 415-225-3769. Not an agency.
CLASSIFIEDS
(650) 721-5803
www.stanforddaily.
com/classifieds
WANTED
$$ SPERM DONORS WANTED $$
Earn up to $1,200/ month. Give the gift
of family through California Cryobank's
donor program. Apply online:
SPERMBANK.com
EGG DONOR WANTED
Gay Stanford grad (BS 'B5, MBA '9O) and
husband looking for egg donor for our
surrogacy process. Would love to hear
from donors (19-25) who are happy, con
fident, empathetic, tenacious, and athlet
ic. (Compensation provided.) Email:
SeekingStanfordDonor@comcast.net
or call 415-225-3769. Not an agency.
CLASSIFIEDS
(650) 721-5803
www.stanforddaily.
com/classifieds
WANTED
$$ SPERM DONORS WANTED $$
Earn up to $1,200/ month. Give the gift
of family through California Cryobank's
donor program. Apply online:
SPERMBANK.com
EGG DONOR WANTED
Gay Stanford grad (BS 'B5, MBA '9O) and
husband looking for egg donor for our
surrogacy process. Would love to hear
from donors (19-25) who are happy, con
fident, empathetic, tenacious, and athlet
ic. (Compensation provided.) Email:
SeekingStanfordDonor@comcast.net
or call 415-225-3769. Not an agency.
CLASSIFIEDS
(650) 721-5803
www.stanforddaily.
com/classifieds
WANTED
$$ SPERM DONORS WANTED $$
Earn up to $1,200/ month. Give the gift
of family through California Cryobank's
donor program. Apply online:
SPERMBANK.com
EGG DONOR WANTED
Gay Stanford grad (BS 'B5, MBA '9O) and
husband looking for egg donor for our
surrogacy process. Would love to hear
from donors (19-25) who are happy, con
fident, empathetic, tenacious, and athlet
ic. (Compensation provided.) Email:
SeekingStanfordDonor@comcast.net
or call 415-225-3769. Not an agency.
