# Delta Tau Delta House.
## 
### 
Next summer will witness the
erection in Palo Alto of a new
fraternity house, that of Delta Tau
Delta. The site chosen for the
house is the corner of Bryant street
and Hamilton avenue where work
will be commenced by the
contractor, E. A. Hettinger, in a
short time. The plans drawn by
Architect Khoads show an attrac
tive structure of two stories with
basement and attic; on the lower
(loor are the parlors, reception
room, dining room, and kitchen,
while the second floor contains
sleeping accommodations for about
sixteen men.
Delta Tau Delta is the fourth
fraternity which has been so for
tunate as to have a house erected
for its own. needs. The property
will be controlled by a board of di
rectors elected by the incorporated
association, the board to consist
principally of members of the fra
ternity. The house will probably
be ready for occupancy some time
next fall.
Next summer will witness the
erection in Palo Alto of a new
fraternity house, that of Delta Tau
Delta. The site chosen for the
house is the corner of Bryant street
and Hamilton avenue where work
will be commenced by the
contractor, E. A. Hettinger, in a
short time. The plans drawn by
Architect Khoads show an attrac
tive structure of two stories with
basement and attic; on the lower
(loor are the parlors, reception
room, dining room, and kitchen,
while the second floor contains
sleeping accommodations for about
sixteen men.
Delta Tau Delta is the fourth
fraternity which has been so for
tunate as to have a house erected
for its own. needs. The property
will be controlled by a board of di
rectors elected by the incorporated
association, the board to consist
principally of members of the fra
ternity. The house will probably
be ready for occupancy some time
next fall.
Next summer will witness the
erection in Palo Alto of a new
fraternity house, that of Delta Tau
Delta. The site chosen for the
house is the corner of Bryant street
and Hamilton avenue where work
will be commenced by the
contractor, E. A. Hettinger, in a
short time. The plans drawn by
Architect Khoads show an attrac
tive structure of two stories with
basement and attic; on the lower
(loor are the parlors, reception
room, dining room, and kitchen,
while the second floor contains
sleeping accommodations for about
sixteen men.
Delta Tau Delta is the fourth
fraternity which has been so for
tunate as to have a house erected
for its own. needs. The property
will be controlled by a board of di
rectors elected by the incorporated
association, the board to consist
principally of members of the fra
ternity. The house will probably
be ready for occupancy some time
next fall.
Next summer will witness the
erection in Palo Alto of a new
fraternity house, that of Delta Tau
Delta. The site chosen for the
house is the corner of Bryant street
and Hamilton avenue where work
will be commenced by the
contractor, E. A. Hettinger, in a
short time. The plans drawn by
Architect Khoads show an attrac
tive structure of two stories with
basement and attic; on the lower
(loor are the parlors, reception
room, dining room, and kitchen,
while the second floor contains
sleeping accommodations for about
sixteen men.
Delta Tau Delta is the fourth
fraternity which has been so for
tunate as to have a house erected
for its own. needs. The property
will be controlled by a board of di
rectors elected by the incorporated
association, the board to consist
principally of members of the fra
ternity. The house will probably
be ready for occupancy some time
next fall.
Next summer will witness the
erection in Palo Alto of a new
fraternity house, that of Delta Tau
Delta. The site chosen for the
house is the corner of Bryant street
and Hamilton avenue where work
will be commenced by the
contractor, E. A. Hettinger, in a
short time. The plans drawn by
Architect Khoads show an attrac
tive structure of two stories with
basement and attic; on the lower
(loor are the parlors, reception
room, dining room, and kitchen,
while the second floor contains
sleeping accommodations for about
sixteen men.
Delta Tau Delta is the fourth
fraternity which has been so for
tunate as to have a house erected
for its own. needs. The property
will be controlled by a board of di
rectors elected by the incorporated
association, the board to consist
principally of members of the fra
ternity. The house will probably
be ready for occupancy some time
next fall.
