# Year's Last Jolly-Up To Be Held Tonight By Sophs
## 
### 
The last jolly-up of the year will be
given by the sophomore class tonight
at 7 o'clock in the Women's Club
house, A 1 McDermott, class president,
announces.
This is the final undertaking of the
present 1931 regime and every effort
is being made to make this jolly-up
even more successful than the previ
ous ones. Worthington's band will fur
nish the music.
The last jolly-up of the year will be
given by the sophomore class tonight
at 7 o'clock in the Women's Club
house, A 1 McDermott, class president,
announces.
This is the final undertaking of the
present 1931 regime and every effort
is being made to make this jolly-up
even more successful than the previ
ous ones. Worthington's band will fur
nish the music.
The last jolly-up of the year will be
given by the sophomore class tonight
at 7 o'clock in the Women's Club
house, A 1 McDermott, class president,
announces.
This is the final undertaking of the
present 1931 regime and every effort
is being made to make this jolly-up
even more successful than the previ
ous ones. Worthington's band will fur
nish the music.
The last jolly-up of the year will be
given by the sophomore class tonight
at 7 o'clock in the Women's Club
house, A 1 McDermott, class president,
announces.
This is the final undertaking of the
present 1931 regime and every effort
is being made to make this jolly-up
even more successful than the previ
ous ones. Worthington's band will fur
nish the music.
The last jolly-up of the year will be
given by the sophomore class tonight
at 7 o'clock in the Women's Club
house, A 1 McDermott, class president,
announces.
This is the final undertaking of the
present 1931 regime and every effort
is being made to make this jolly-up
even more successful than the previ
ous ones. Worthington's band will fur
nish the music.
The last jolly-up of the year will be
given by the sophomore class tonight
at 7 o'clock in the Women's Club
house, A 1 McDermott, class president,
announces.
This is the final undertaking of the
present 1931 regime and every effort
is being made to make this jolly-up
even more successful than the previ
ous ones. Worthington's band will fur
nish the music.
The last jolly-up of the year will be
given by the sophomore class tonight
at 7 o'clock in the Women's Club
house, A 1 McDermott, class president,
announces.
This is the final undertaking of the
present 1931 regime and every effort
is being made to make this jolly-up
even more successful than the previ
ous ones. Worthington's band will fur
nish the music.
The last jolly-up of the year will be
given by the sophomore class tonight
at 7 o'clock in the Women's Club
house, A 1 McDermott, class president,
announces.
This is the final undertaking of the
present 1931 regime and every effort
is being made to make this jolly-up
even more successful than the previ
ous ones. Worthington's band will fur
nish the music.
The last jolly-up of the year will be
given by the sophomore class tonight
at 7 o'clock in the Women's Club
house, A 1 McDermott, class president,
announces.
This is the final undertaking of the
present 1931 regime and every effort
is being made to make this jolly-up
even more successful than the previ
ous ones. Worthington's band will fur
nish the music.
The last jolly-up of the year will be
given by the sophomore class tonight
at 7 o'clock in the Women's Club
house, A 1 McDermott, class president,
announces.
This is the final undertaking of the
present 1931 regime and every effort
is being made to make this jolly-up
even more successful than the previ
ous ones. Worthington's band will fur
nish the music.
The last jolly-up of the year will be
given by the sophomore class tonight
at 7 o'clock in the Women's Club
house, A 1 McDermott, class president,
announces.
This is the final undertaking of the
present 1931 regime and every effort
is being made to make this jolly-up
even more successful than the previ
ous ones. Worthington's band will fur
nish the music.
The last jolly-up of the year will be
given by the sophomore class tonight
at 7 o'clock in the Women's Club
house, A 1 McDermott, class president,
announces.
This is the final undertaking of the
present 1931 regime and every effort
is being made to make this jolly-up
even more successful than the previ
ous ones. Worthington's band will fur
nish the music.
The last jolly-up of the year will be
given by the sophomore class tonight
at 7 o'clock in the Women's Club
house, A 1 McDermott, class president,
announces.
This is the final undertaking of the
present 1931 regime and every effort
is being made to make this jolly-up
even more successful than the previ
ous ones. Worthington's band will fur
nish the music.
The last jolly-up of the year will be
given by the sophomore class tonight
at 7 o'clock in the Women's Club
house, A 1 McDermott, class president,
announces.
This is the final undertaking of the
present 1931 regime and every effort
is being made to make this jolly-up
even more successful than the previ
ous ones. Worthington's band will fur
nish the music.
The last jolly-up of the year will be
given by the sophomore class tonight
at 7 o'clock in the Women's Club
house, A 1 McDermott, class president,
announces.
This is the final undertaking of the
present 1931 regime and every effort
is being made to make this jolly-up
even more successful than the previ
ous ones. Worthington's band will fur
nish the music.
The last jolly-up of the year will be
given by the sophomore class tonight
at 7 o'clock in the Women's Club
house, A 1 McDermott, class president,
announces.
This is the final undertaking of the
present 1931 regime and every effort
is being made to make this jolly-up
even more successful than the previ
ous ones. Worthington's band will fur
nish the music.
