# FRENTRUP IS AWARDED ROOS PUNTING TROPHY FOR 55-YARD AVERAGE
## 
### 
Permanent possession of the Roos
Brothers punting trophy yesterday af
ternoon passed into the hands of Lud
Frentrup, who kicked out six long
spirals for an average of 55 yards to
win the contest for the third succes
sive year. Frentrup's best effort went
lor 59 2-3 yards. A 1 Nisbet, with an
average of 52% yards, took second
place, and got one boot out for 62
yards, the longest kick of the day.
Phil Wilson placed third with a 51%-
yard average.
Sixteen entrants competed for the
trophy. Positions in the contest are
awarded according to the average of
six kicks, of which three must be
punted within two seconds after the
ball is passed from center. As long a
time as is desired is allowed for the
remaining three kicks.
