# ALMACK ADDRESS
## 
### 
Professor J. C. Almack of the Edu
cation department will give an ad
dress on "Humor" before the Stanford
Club of the All Saints Episcopal
Church in Palo Alto Sunday evening,
June 2. The meeting will be the last
of the year of the Club, and all in
terested persons are invited to be
present.
Professor J. C. Almack of the Edu
cation department will give an ad
dress on "Humor" before the Stanford
Club of the All Saints Episcopal
Church in Palo Alto Sunday evening,
June 2. The meeting will be the last
of the year of the Club, and all in
terested persons are invited to be
present.
Professor J. C. Almack of the Edu
cation department will give an ad
dress on "Humor" before the Stanford
Club of the All Saints Episcopal
Church in Palo Alto Sunday evening,
June 2. The meeting will be the last
of the year of the Club, and all in
terested persons are invited to be
present.
Professor J. C. Almack of the Edu
cation department will give an ad
dress on "Humor" before the Stanford
Club of the All Saints Episcopal
Church in Palo Alto Sunday evening,
June 2. The meeting will be the last
of the year of the Club, and all in
terested persons are invited to be
present.
Professor J. C. Almack of the Edu
cation department will give an ad
dress on "Humor" before the Stanford
Club of the All Saints Episcopal
Church in Palo Alto Sunday evening,
June 2. The meeting will be the last
of the year of the Club, and all in
terested persons are invited to be
present.
Professor J. C. Almack of the Edu
cation department will give an ad
dress on "Humor" before the Stanford
Club of the All Saints Episcopal
Church in Palo Alto Sunday evening,
June 2. The meeting will be the last
of the year of the Club, and all in
terested persons are invited to be
present.
Professor J. C. Almack of the Edu
cation department will give an ad
dress on "Humor" before the Stanford
Club of the All Saints Episcopal
Church in Palo Alto Sunday evening,
June 2. The meeting will be the last
of the year of the Club, and all in
terested persons are invited to be
present.
Professor J. C. Almack of the Edu
cation department will give an ad
dress on "Humor" before the Stanford
Club of the All Saints Episcopal
Church in Palo Alto Sunday evening,
June 2. The meeting will be the last
of the year of the Club, and all in
terested persons are invited to be
present.
Professor J. C. Almack of the Edu
cation department will give an ad
dress on "Humor" before the Stanford
Club of the All Saints Episcopal
Church in Palo Alto Sunday evening,
June 2. The meeting will be the last
of the year of the Club, and all in
terested persons are invited to be
present.
Professor J. C. Almack of the Edu
cation department will give an ad
dress on "Humor" before the Stanford
Club of the All Saints Episcopal
Church in Palo Alto Sunday evening,
June 2. The meeting will be the last
of the year of the Club, and all in
terested persons are invited to be
present.
Professor J. C. Almack of the Edu
cation department will give an ad
dress on "Humor" before the Stanford
Club of the All Saints Episcopal
Church in Palo Alto Sunday evening,
June 2. The meeting will be the last
of the year of the Club, and all in
terested persons are invited to be
present.
Professor J. C. Almack of the Edu
cation department will give an ad
dress on "Humor" before the Stanford
Club of the All Saints Episcopal
Church in Palo Alto Sunday evening,
June 2. The meeting will be the last
of the year of the Club, and all in
terested persons are invited to be
present.
Professor J. C. Almack of the Edu
cation department will give an ad
dress on "Humor" before the Stanford
Club of the All Saints Episcopal
Church in Palo Alto Sunday evening,
June 2. The meeting will be the last
of the year of the Club, and all in
terested persons are invited to be
present.
Professor J. C. Almack of the Edu
cation department will give an ad
dress on "Humor" before the Stanford
Club of the All Saints Episcopal
Church in Palo Alto Sunday evening,
June 2. The meeting will be the last
of the year of the Club, and all in
terested persons are invited to be
present.
Professor J. C. Almack of the Edu
cation department will give an ad
dress on "Humor" before the Stanford
Club of the All Saints Episcopal
Church in Palo Alto Sunday evening,
June 2. The meeting will be the last
of the year of the Club, and all in
terested persons are invited to be
present.
Professor J. C. Almack of the Edu
cation department will give an ad
dress on "Humor" before the Stanford
Club of the All Saints Episcopal
Church in Palo Alto Sunday evening,
June 2. The meeting will be the last
of the year of the Club, and all in
terested persons are invited to be
present.
