# EXCUSES FOR LOW SCHOLARSHIP
## 
### 
Students who wish to submit
excuses for low scholarship to
the Committee on Scholarship
for the spring quarter should
obtain the necessary blanks from
Mrs. Huston, Secretary of the
Committee, as soon as possible.
As the Committee will hold no
meetings between the first week
in July and the end of the sum
mer quarter, requests for allow
ance should be filed by the end
of the present quarter in order
to receive prompt consideration.
Students who wish to submit
excuses for low scholarship to
the Committee on Scholarship
for the spring quarter should
obtain the necessary blanks from
Mrs. Huston, Secretary of the
Committee, as soon as possible.
As the Committee will hold no
meetings between the first week
in July and the end of the sum
mer quarter, requests for allow
ance should be filed by the end
of the present quarter in order
to receive prompt consideration.
Students who wish to submit
excuses for low scholarship to
the Committee on Scholarship
for the spring quarter should
obtain the necessary blanks from
Mrs. Huston, Secretary of the
Committee, as soon as possible.
As the Committee will hold no
meetings between the first week
in July and the end of the sum
mer quarter, requests for allow
ance should be filed by the end
of the present quarter in order
to receive prompt consideration.
Students who wish to submit
excuses for low scholarship to
the Committee on Scholarship
for the spring quarter should
obtain the necessary blanks from
Mrs. Huston, Secretary of the
Committee, as soon as possible.
As the Committee will hold no
meetings between the first week
in July and the end of the sum
mer quarter, requests for allow
ance should be filed by the end
of the present quarter in order
to receive prompt consideration.
Students who wish to submit
excuses for low scholarship to
the Committee on Scholarship
for the spring quarter should
obtain the necessary blanks from
Mrs. Huston, Secretary of the
Committee, as soon as possible.
As the Committee will hold no
meetings between the first week
in July and the end of the sum
mer quarter, requests for allow
ance should be filed by the end
of the present quarter in order
to receive prompt consideration.
Students who wish to submit
excuses for low scholarship to
the Committee on Scholarship
for the spring quarter should
obtain the necessary blanks from
Mrs. Huston, Secretary of the
Committee, as soon as possible.
As the Committee will hold no
meetings between the first week
in July and the end of the sum
mer quarter, requests for allow
ance should be filed by the end
of the present quarter in order
to receive prompt consideration.
Students who wish to submit
excuses for low scholarship to
the Committee on Scholarship
for the spring quarter should
obtain the necessary blanks from
Mrs. Huston, Secretary of the
Committee, as soon as possible.
As the Committee will hold no
meetings between the first week
in July and the end of the sum
mer quarter, requests for allow
ance should be filed by the end
of the present quarter in order
to receive prompt consideration.
Students who wish to submit
excuses for low scholarship to
the Committee on Scholarship
for the spring quarter should
obtain the necessary blanks from
Mrs. Huston, Secretary of the
Committee, as soon as possible.
As the Committee will hold no
meetings between the first week
in July and the end of the sum
mer quarter, requests for allow
ance should be filed by the end
of the present quarter in order
to receive prompt consideration.
Students who wish to submit
excuses for low scholarship to
the Committee on Scholarship
for the spring quarter should
obtain the necessary blanks from
Mrs. Huston, Secretary of the
Committee, as soon as possible.
As the Committee will hold no
meetings between the first week
in July and the end of the sum
mer quarter, requests for allow
ance should be filed by the end
of the present quarter in order
to receive prompt consideration.
Students who wish to submit
excuses for low scholarship to
the Committee on Scholarship
for the spring quarter should
obtain the necessary blanks from
Mrs. Huston, Secretary of the
Committee, as soon as possible.
As the Committee will hold no
meetings between the first week
in July and the end of the sum
mer quarter, requests for allow
ance should be filed by the end
of the present quarter in order
to receive prompt consideration.
Students who wish to submit
excuses for low scholarship to
the Committee on Scholarship
for the spring quarter should
obtain the necessary blanks from
Mrs. Huston, Secretary of the
Committee, as soon as possible.
As the Committee will hold no
meetings between the first week
in July and the end of the sum
mer quarter, requests for allow
ance should be filed by the end
of the present quarter in order
to receive prompt consideration.
Students who wish to submit
excuses for low scholarship to
the Committee on Scholarship
for the spring quarter should
obtain the necessary blanks from
Mrs. Huston, Secretary of the
Committee, as soon as possible.
As the Committee will hold no
meetings between the first week
in July and the end of the sum
mer quarter, requests for allow
ance should be filed by the end
of the present quarter in order
to receive prompt consideration.
Students who wish to submit
excuses for low scholarship to
the Committee on Scholarship
for the spring quarter should
obtain the necessary blanks from
Mrs. Huston, Secretary of the
Committee, as soon as possible.
As the Committee will hold no
meetings between the first week
in July and the end of the sum
mer quarter, requests for allow
ance should be filed by the end
of the present quarter in order
to receive prompt consideration.
Students who wish to submit
excuses for low scholarship to
the Committee on Scholarship
for the spring quarter should
obtain the necessary blanks from
Mrs. Huston, Secretary of the
Committee, as soon as possible.
As the Committee will hold no
meetings between the first week
in July and the end of the sum
mer quarter, requests for allow
ance should be filed by the end
of the present quarter in order
to receive prompt consideration.
Students who wish to submit
excuses for low scholarship to
the Committee on Scholarship
for the spring quarter should
obtain the necessary blanks from
Mrs. Huston, Secretary of the
Committee, as soon as possible.
As the Committee will hold no
meetings between the first week
in July and the end of the sum
mer quarter, requests for allow
ance should be filed by the end
of the present quarter in order
to receive prompt consideration.
Students who wish to submit
excuses for low scholarship to
the Committee on Scholarship
for the spring quarter should
obtain the necessary blanks from
Mrs. Huston, Secretary of the
Committee, as soon as possible.
As the Committee will hold no
meetings between the first week
in July and the end of the sum
mer quarter, requests for allow
ance should be filed by the end
of the present quarter in order
to receive prompt consideration.
