# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
\yals-berfc
FOR
FEMININE
GIFTS
Clues S\
from
the Mtjbh
Fall Formals
. . .Formal-ize your eve
nings with soft, crimson
velvet topped with gold.
. . .Swank and a devil
may-care attitude are in
evitable with this dress.
... Its flowing lines and
Grecian simplicity give
added glamour to "those
moments."
$18.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
\yals-berfc
FOR
FEMININE
GIFTS
Clues S\
from
the Mtjbh
Fall Formals
. . .Formal-ize your eve
nings with soft, crimson
velvet topped with gold.
. . .Swank and a devil
may-care attitude are in
evitable with this dress.
... Its flowing lines and
Grecian simplicity give
added glamour to "those
moments."
$18.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
\yals-berfc
FOR
FEMININE
GIFTS
Clues S\
from
the Mtjbh
Fall Formals
. . .Formal-ize your eve
nings with soft, crimson
velvet topped with gold.
. . .Swank and a devil
may-care attitude are in
evitable with this dress.
... Its flowing lines and
Grecian simplicity give
added glamour to "those
moments."
$18.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
\yals-berfc
FOR
FEMININE
GIFTS
Clues S\
from
the Mtjbh
Fall Formals
. . .Formal-ize your eve
nings with soft, crimson
velvet topped with gold.
. . .Swank and a devil
may-care attitude are in
evitable with this dress.
... Its flowing lines and
Grecian simplicity give
added glamour to "those
moments."
$18.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
\yals-berfc
FOR
FEMININE
GIFTS
Clues S\
from
the Mtjbh
Fall Formals
. . .Formal-ize your eve
nings with soft, crimson
velvet topped with gold.
. . .Swank and a devil
may-care attitude are in
evitable with this dress.
... Its flowing lines and
Grecian simplicity give
added glamour to "those
moments."
$18.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
\yals-berfc
FOR
FEMININE
GIFTS
Clues S\
from
the Mtjbh
Fall Formals
. . .Formal-ize your eve
nings with soft, crimson
velvet topped with gold.
. . .Swank and a devil
may-care attitude are in
evitable with this dress.
... Its flowing lines and
Grecian simplicity give
added glamour to "those
moments."
$18.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
\yals-berfc
FOR
FEMININE
GIFTS
Clues S\
from
the Mtjbh
Fall Formals
. . .Formal-ize your eve
nings with soft, crimson
velvet topped with gold.
. . .Swank and a devil
may-care attitude are in
evitable with this dress.
... Its flowing lines and
Grecian simplicity give
added glamour to "those
moments."
$18.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
\yals-berfc
FOR
FEMININE
GIFTS
Clues S\
from
the Mtjbh
Fall Formals
. . .Formal-ize your eve
nings with soft, crimson
velvet topped with gold.
. . .Swank and a devil
may-care attitude are in
evitable with this dress.
... Its flowing lines and
Grecian simplicity give
added glamour to "those
moments."
$18.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
\yals-berfc
FOR
FEMININE
GIFTS
Clues S\
from
the Mtjbh
Fall Formals
. . .Formal-ize your eve
nings with soft, crimson
velvet topped with gold.
. . .Swank and a devil
may-care attitude are in
evitable with this dress.
... Its flowing lines and
Grecian simplicity give
added glamour to "those
moments."
$18.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
\yals-berfc
FOR
FEMININE
GIFTS
Clues S\
from
the Mtjbh
Fall Formals
. . .Formal-ize your eve
nings with soft, crimson
velvet topped with gold.
. . .Swank and a devil
may-care attitude are in
evitable with this dress.
... Its flowing lines and
Grecian simplicity give
added glamour to "those
moments."
$18.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
\yals-berfc
FOR
FEMININE
GIFTS
Clues S\
from
the Mtjbh
Fall Formals
. . .Formal-ize your eve
nings with soft, crimson
velvet topped with gold.
. . .Swank and a devil
may-care attitude are in
evitable with this dress.
... Its flowing lines and
Grecian simplicity give
added glamour to "those
moments."
$18.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
\yals-berfc
FOR
FEMININE
GIFTS
Clues S\
from
the Mtjbh
Fall Formals
. . .Formal-ize your eve
nings with soft, crimson
velvet topped with gold.
. . .Swank and a devil
may-care attitude are in
evitable with this dress.
... Its flowing lines and
Grecian simplicity give
added glamour to "those
moments."
$18.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
\yals-berfc
FOR
FEMININE
GIFTS
Clues S\
from
the Mtjbh
Fall Formals
. . .Formal-ize your eve
nings with soft, crimson
velvet topped with gold.
. . .Swank and a devil
may-care attitude are in
evitable with this dress.
... Its flowing lines and
Grecian simplicity give
added glamour to "those
moments."
$18.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
\yals-berfc
FOR
FEMININE
GIFTS
Clues S\
from
the Mtjbh
Fall Formals
. . .Formal-ize your eve
nings with soft, crimson
velvet topped with gold.
. . .Swank and a devil
may-care attitude are in
evitable with this dress.
... Its flowing lines and
Grecian simplicity give
added glamour to "those
moments."
$18.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
\yals-berfc
FOR
FEMININE
GIFTS
Clues S\
from
the Mtjbh
Fall Formals
. . .Formal-ize your eve
nings with soft, crimson
velvet topped with gold.
. . .Swank and a devil
may-care attitude are in
evitable with this dress.
... Its flowing lines and
Grecian simplicity give
added glamour to "those
moments."
$18.00
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
