# CIV committee chair clarifies Fac Sen role
## 
### 
Thanks to The Daily for its thought
ful editorial, "A Promising Change,"
explaining the potential advantages
and benefits for students if proposals
of our CIV Review and Design Com
mittee are adopted by the Faculty Sen
ate. It addresses many misconceptions,
especially the misperception that our
motives are anything but to strengthen
the Cultures, Ideas and Values Pro
gram, gain more support for it and
make a program of noble intention bet
ter.
Unfortunately from my point of

view, however, you are premature in
saying "the revised CIV program will
be gradually phased in beginning next
year." These statements ignore the fac
ulty governing process: Our proposal
will go to the Committee on Under
graduate Studies and its own recom
mendations will go to the Faculty Sen
ate. Only when the senate acts will
changes be made. Nothing as yet has
been finally decided or done. But let's
hope you are eventually right
Thank you, again, for opening up
widespread, dispassionate and respon
sible community discussion about the
present phase of CIV reform.
Hob Poihemus
Professor of English
Chair, CIV Review and Design Committee
Thanks to The Daily for its thought
ful editorial, "A Promising Change,"
explaining the potential advantages
and benefits for students if proposals
of our CIV Review and Design Com
mittee are adopted by the Faculty Sen
ate. It addresses many misconceptions,
especially the misperception that our
motives are anything but to strengthen
the Cultures, Ideas and Values Pro
gram, gain more support for it and
make a program of noble intention bet
ter.
Unfortunately from my point of

view, however, you are premature in
saying "the revised CIV program will
be gradually phased in beginning next
year." These statements ignore the fac
ulty governing process: Our proposal
will go to the Committee on Under
graduate Studies and its own recom
mendations will go to the Faculty Sen
ate. Only when the senate acts will
changes be made. Nothing as yet has
been finally decided or done. But let's
hope you are eventually right
Thank you, again, for opening up
widespread, dispassionate and respon
sible community discussion about the
present phase of CIV reform.
Hob Poihemus
Professor of English
Chair, CIV Review and Design Committee
Thanks to The Daily for its thought
ful editorial, "A Promising Change,"
explaining the potential advantages
and benefits for students if proposals
of our CIV Review and Design Com
mittee are adopted by the Faculty Sen
ate. It addresses many misconceptions,
especially the misperception that our
motives are anything but to strengthen
the Cultures, Ideas and Values Pro
gram, gain more support for it and
make a program of noble intention bet
ter.
Unfortunately from my point of

view, however, you are premature in
saying "the revised CIV program will
be gradually phased in beginning next
year." These statements ignore the fac
ulty governing process: Our proposal
will go to the Committee on Under
graduate Studies and its own recom
mendations will go to the Faculty Sen
ate. Only when the senate acts will
changes be made. Nothing as yet has
been finally decided or done. But let's
hope you are eventually right
Thank you, again, for opening up
widespread, dispassionate and respon
sible community discussion about the
present phase of CIV reform.
Hob Poihemus
Professor of English
Chair, CIV Review and Design Committee
Thanks to The Daily for its thought
ful editorial, "A Promising Change,"
explaining the potential advantages
and benefits for students if proposals
of our CIV Review and Design Com
mittee are adopted by the Faculty Sen
ate. It addresses many misconceptions,
especially the misperception that our
motives are anything but to strengthen
the Cultures, Ideas and Values Pro
gram, gain more support for it and
make a program of noble intention bet
ter.
Unfortunately from my point of

view, however, you are premature in
saying "the revised CIV program will
be gradually phased in beginning next
year." These statements ignore the fac
ulty governing process: Our proposal
will go to the Committee on Under
graduate Studies and its own recom
mendations will go to the Faculty Sen
ate. Only when the senate acts will
changes be made. Nothing as yet has
been finally decided or done. But let's
hope you are eventually right
Thank you, again, for opening up
widespread, dispassionate and respon
sible community discussion about the
present phase of CIV reform.
Hob Poihemus
Professor of English
Chair, CIV Review and Design Committee
Thanks to The Daily for its thought
ful editorial, "A Promising Change,"
explaining the potential advantages
and benefits for students if proposals
of our CIV Review and Design Com
mittee are adopted by the Faculty Sen
ate. It addresses many misconceptions,
especially the misperception that our
motives are anything but to strengthen
the Cultures, Ideas and Values Pro
gram, gain more support for it and
make a program of noble intention bet
ter.
Unfortunately from my point of

view, however, you are premature in
saying "the revised CIV program will
be gradually phased in beginning next
year." These statements ignore the fac
ulty governing process: Our proposal
will go to the Committee on Under
graduate Studies and its own recom
mendations will go to the Faculty Sen
ate. Only when the senate acts will
changes be made. Nothing as yet has
been finally decided or done. But let's
hope you are eventually right
Thank you, again, for opening up
widespread, dispassionate and respon
sible community discussion about the
present phase of CIV reform.
Hob Poihemus
Professor of English
Chair, CIV Review and Design Committee
