# Untitled Article
## 
### 
PITCHER PERFECT
The Softball team went 2-3 iast
weekend, but junior Dana
Sorensen threw a no-hitter.
SPORTS/6

TURKISH TURMOIL
Turkey's stock market fell hard
yesterday after its parliament
voted against hosting US troops.
WORLD & NATION/3


PITCHER PERFECT
The Softball team went 2-3 iast
weekend, but junior Dana
Sorensen threw a no-hitter.
SPORTS/6

TURKISH TURMOIL
Turkey's stock market fell hard
yesterday after its parliament
voted against hosting US troops.
WORLD & NATION/3


PITCHER PERFECT
The Softball team went 2-3 iast
weekend, but junior Dana
Sorensen threw a no-hitter.
SPORTS/6

TURKISH TURMOIL
Turkey's stock market fell hard
yesterday after its parliament
voted against hosting US troops.
WORLD & NATION/3


PITCHER PERFECT
The Softball team went 2-3 iast
weekend, but junior Dana
Sorensen threw a no-hitter.
SPORTS/6

TURKISH TURMOIL
Turkey's stock market fell hard
yesterday after its parliament
voted against hosting US troops.
WORLD & NATION/3


PITCHER PERFECT
The Softball team went 2-3 iast
weekend, but junior Dana
Sorensen threw a no-hitter.
SPORTS/6

TURKISH TURMOIL
Turkey's stock market fell hard
yesterday after its parliament
voted against hosting US troops.
WORLD & NATION/3


PITCHER PERFECT
The Softball team went 2-3 iast
weekend, but junior Dana
Sorensen threw a no-hitter.
SPORTS/6

TURKISH TURMOIL
Turkey's stock market fell hard
yesterday after its parliament
voted against hosting US troops.
WORLD & NATION/3


PITCHER PERFECT
The Softball team went 2-3 iast
weekend, but junior Dana
Sorensen threw a no-hitter.
SPORTS/6

TURKISH TURMOIL
Turkey's stock market fell hard
yesterday after its parliament
voted against hosting US troops.
WORLD & NATION/3


