# Farm Women Offered Tour Of Emporium
## 
### 
A luncheon-tour at the San Fran
cisco Emporium Saturday is being
offered to Stanford women interest
ed in retailing.
The "behind the scenes" tour will
Include advertising, display, deliv
ery, and market room areas. The
general manager, Mr. Briggs, will
conclude the tour with a discussion
of retailing opportunities and what
is expected of a career girl in the
retailing field.
The luncheon will begin at noon.
The women will meet in the person
nel department on the gallery floor
at 11:45 a.m. Those wishing to go
by train will meet Saturday morn
ing at the Southern Pacific depot in
Palo Alto for the 9:49 train.
The tour is sponsored especially
for junior and senior women by the
Women's Vocational Committee.
Reservations for the tour should be
made through Shirley Had ley, Hurl
burt House, DA 3-8600, mil later
than tomorrow night.
A luncheon-tour at the San Fran
cisco Emporium Saturday is being
offered to Stanford women interest
ed in retailing.
The "behind the scenes" tour will
Include advertising, display, deliv
ery, and market room areas. The
general manager, Mr. Briggs, will
conclude the tour with a discussion
of retailing opportunities and what
is expected of a career girl in the
retailing field.
The luncheon will begin at noon.
The women will meet in the person
nel department on the gallery floor
at 11:45 a.m. Those wishing to go
by train will meet Saturday morn
ing at the Southern Pacific depot in
Palo Alto for the 9:49 train.
The tour is sponsored especially
for junior and senior women by the
Women's Vocational Committee.
Reservations for the tour should be
made through Shirley Had ley, Hurl
burt House, DA 3-8600, mil later
than tomorrow night.
A luncheon-tour at the San Fran
cisco Emporium Saturday is being
offered to Stanford women interest
ed in retailing.
The "behind the scenes" tour will
Include advertising, display, deliv
ery, and market room areas. The
general manager, Mr. Briggs, will
conclude the tour with a discussion
of retailing opportunities and what
is expected of a career girl in the
retailing field.
The luncheon will begin at noon.
The women will meet in the person
nel department on the gallery floor
at 11:45 a.m. Those wishing to go
by train will meet Saturday morn
ing at the Southern Pacific depot in
Palo Alto for the 9:49 train.
The tour is sponsored especially
for junior and senior women by the
Women's Vocational Committee.
Reservations for the tour should be
made through Shirley Had ley, Hurl
burt House, DA 3-8600, mil later
than tomorrow night.
A luncheon-tour at the San Fran
cisco Emporium Saturday is being
offered to Stanford women interest
ed in retailing.
The "behind the scenes" tour will
Include advertising, display, deliv
ery, and market room areas. The
general manager, Mr. Briggs, will
conclude the tour with a discussion
of retailing opportunities and what
is expected of a career girl in the
retailing field.
The luncheon will begin at noon.
The women will meet in the person
nel department on the gallery floor
at 11:45 a.m. Those wishing to go
by train will meet Saturday morn
ing at the Southern Pacific depot in
Palo Alto for the 9:49 train.
The tour is sponsored especially
for junior and senior women by the
Women's Vocational Committee.
Reservations for the tour should be
made through Shirley Had ley, Hurl
burt House, DA 3-8600, mil later
than tomorrow night.
A luncheon-tour at the San Fran
cisco Emporium Saturday is being
offered to Stanford women interest
ed in retailing.
The "behind the scenes" tour will
Include advertising, display, deliv
ery, and market room areas. The
general manager, Mr. Briggs, will
conclude the tour with a discussion
of retailing opportunities and what
is expected of a career girl in the
retailing field.
The luncheon will begin at noon.
The women will meet in the person
nel department on the gallery floor
at 11:45 a.m. Those wishing to go
by train will meet Saturday morn
ing at the Southern Pacific depot in
Palo Alto for the 9:49 train.
The tour is sponsored especially
for junior and senior women by the
Women's Vocational Committee.
Reservations for the tour should be
made through Shirley Had ley, Hurl
burt House, DA 3-8600, mil later
than tomorrow night.
A luncheon-tour at the San Fran
cisco Emporium Saturday is being
offered to Stanford women interest
ed in retailing.
The "behind the scenes" tour will
Include advertising, display, deliv
ery, and market room areas. The
general manager, Mr. Briggs, will
conclude the tour with a discussion
of retailing opportunities and what
is expected of a career girl in the
retailing field.
The luncheon will begin at noon.
The women will meet in the person
nel department on the gallery floor
at 11:45 a.m. Those wishing to go
by train will meet Saturday morn
ing at the Southern Pacific depot in
Palo Alto for the 9:49 train.
The tour is sponsored especially
for junior and senior women by the
Women's Vocational Committee.
Reservations for the tour should be
made through Shirley Had ley, Hurl
burt House, DA 3-8600, mil later
than tomorrow night.
A luncheon-tour at the San Fran
cisco Emporium Saturday is being
offered to Stanford women interest
ed in retailing.
The "behind the scenes" tour will
Include advertising, display, deliv
ery, and market room areas. The
general manager, Mr. Briggs, will
conclude the tour with a discussion
of retailing opportunities and what
is expected of a career girl in the
retailing field.
The luncheon will begin at noon.
The women will meet in the person
nel department on the gallery floor
at 11:45 a.m. Those wishing to go
by train will meet Saturday morn
ing at the Southern Pacific depot in
Palo Alto for the 9:49 train.
The tour is sponsored especially
for junior and senior women by the
Women's Vocational Committee.
Reservations for the tour should be
made through Shirley Had ley, Hurl
burt House, DA 3-8600, mil later
than tomorrow night.
A luncheon-tour at the San Fran
cisco Emporium Saturday is being
offered to Stanford women interest
ed in retailing.
The "behind the scenes" tour will
Include advertising, display, deliv
ery, and market room areas. The
general manager, Mr. Briggs, will
conclude the tour with a discussion
of retailing opportunities and what
is expected of a career girl in the
retailing field.
The luncheon will begin at noon.
The women will meet in the person
nel department on the gallery floor
at 11:45 a.m. Those wishing to go
by train will meet Saturday morn
ing at the Southern Pacific depot in
Palo Alto for the 9:49 train.
The tour is sponsored especially
for junior and senior women by the
Women's Vocational Committee.
Reservations for the tour should be
made through Shirley Had ley, Hurl
burt House, DA 3-8600, mil later
than tomorrow night.
A luncheon-tour at the San Fran
cisco Emporium Saturday is being
offered to Stanford women interest
ed in retailing.
The "behind the scenes" tour will
Include advertising, display, deliv
ery, and market room areas. The
general manager, Mr. Briggs, will
conclude the tour with a discussion
of retailing opportunities and what
is expected of a career girl in the
retailing field.
The luncheon will begin at noon.
The women will meet in the person
nel department on the gallery floor
at 11:45 a.m. Those wishing to go
by train will meet Saturday morn
ing at the Southern Pacific depot in
Palo Alto for the 9:49 train.
The tour is sponsored especially
for junior and senior women by the
Women's Vocational Committee.
Reservations for the tour should be
made through Shirley Had ley, Hurl
burt House, DA 3-8600, mil later
than tomorrow night.
A luncheon-tour at the San Fran
cisco Emporium Saturday is being
offered to Stanford women interest
ed in retailing.
The "behind the scenes" tour will
Include advertising, display, deliv
ery, and market room areas. The
general manager, Mr. Briggs, will
conclude the tour with a discussion
of retailing opportunities and what
is expected of a career girl in the
retailing field.
The luncheon will begin at noon.
The women will meet in the person
nel department on the gallery floor
at 11:45 a.m. Those wishing to go
by train will meet Saturday morn
ing at the Southern Pacific depot in
Palo Alto for the 9:49 train.
The tour is sponsored especially
for junior and senior women by the
Women's Vocational Committee.
Reservations for the tour should be
made through Shirley Had ley, Hurl
burt House, DA 3-8600, mil later
than tomorrow night.
A luncheon-tour at the San Fran
cisco Emporium Saturday is being
offered to Stanford women interest
ed in retailing.
The "behind the scenes" tour will
Include advertising, display, deliv
ery, and market room areas. The
general manager, Mr. Briggs, will
conclude the tour with a discussion
of retailing opportunities and what
is expected of a career girl in the
retailing field.
The luncheon will begin at noon.
The women will meet in the person
nel department on the gallery floor
at 11:45 a.m. Those wishing to go
by train will meet Saturday morn
ing at the Southern Pacific depot in
Palo Alto for the 9:49 train.
The tour is sponsored especially
for junior and senior women by the
Women's Vocational Committee.
Reservations for the tour should be
made through Shirley Had ley, Hurl
burt House, DA 3-8600, mil later
than tomorrow night.
A luncheon-tour at the San Fran
cisco Emporium Saturday is being
offered to Stanford women interest
ed in retailing.
The "behind the scenes" tour will
Include advertising, display, deliv
ery, and market room areas. The
general manager, Mr. Briggs, will
conclude the tour with a discussion
of retailing opportunities and what
is expected of a career girl in the
retailing field.
The luncheon will begin at noon.
The women will meet in the person
nel department on the gallery floor
at 11:45 a.m. Those wishing to go
by train will meet Saturday morn
ing at the Southern Pacific depot in
Palo Alto for the 9:49 train.
The tour is sponsored especially
for junior and senior women by the
Women's Vocational Committee.
Reservations for the tour should be
made through Shirley Had ley, Hurl
burt House, DA 3-8600, mil later
than tomorrow night.
A luncheon-tour at the San Fran
cisco Emporium Saturday is being
offered to Stanford women interest
ed in retailing.
The "behind the scenes" tour will
Include advertising, display, deliv
ery, and market room areas. The
general manager, Mr. Briggs, will
conclude the tour with a discussion
of retailing opportunities and what
is expected of a career girl in the
retailing field.
The luncheon will begin at noon.
The women will meet in the person
nel department on the gallery floor
at 11:45 a.m. Those wishing to go
by train will meet Saturday morn
ing at the Southern Pacific depot in
Palo Alto for the 9:49 train.
The tour is sponsored especially
for junior and senior women by the
Women's Vocational Committee.
Reservations for the tour should be
made through Shirley Had ley, Hurl
burt House, DA 3-8600, mil later
than tomorrow night.
A luncheon-tour at the San Fran
cisco Emporium Saturday is being
offered to Stanford women interest
ed in retailing.
The "behind the scenes" tour will
Include advertising, display, deliv
ery, and market room areas. The
general manager, Mr. Briggs, will
conclude the tour with a discussion
of retailing opportunities and what
is expected of a career girl in the
retailing field.
The luncheon will begin at noon.
The women will meet in the person
nel department on the gallery floor
at 11:45 a.m. Those wishing to go
by train will meet Saturday morn
ing at the Southern Pacific depot in
Palo Alto for the 9:49 train.
The tour is sponsored especially
for junior and senior women by the
Women's Vocational Committee.
Reservations for the tour should be
made through Shirley Had ley, Hurl
burt House, DA 3-8600, mil later
than tomorrow night.
A luncheon-tour at the San Fran
cisco Emporium Saturday is being
offered to Stanford women interest
ed in retailing.
The "behind the scenes" tour will
Include advertising, display, deliv
ery, and market room areas. The
general manager, Mr. Briggs, will
conclude the tour with a discussion
of retailing opportunities and what
is expected of a career girl in the
retailing field.
The luncheon will begin at noon.
The women will meet in the person
nel department on the gallery floor
at 11:45 a.m. Those wishing to go
by train will meet Saturday morn
ing at the Southern Pacific depot in
Palo Alto for the 9:49 train.
The tour is sponsored especially
for junior and senior women by the
Women's Vocational Committee.
Reservations for the tour should be
made through Shirley Had ley, Hurl
burt House, DA 3-8600, mil later
than tomorrow night.
