# 125 Grid Hopefuls Meet Taylor in First '51 Drill
## 
### 
The Big Red Machine, boast-1
ing a few new cogs and wheels
but with all parts intact, resumed
operations yesterday afternoon
where*it left off in Berkeley last
Nov. 25.
Coach Chuck Taylor and his as
sistants were literally deluged with J

football players as approximately 75
linemen and 50 backs turned out for
the initial session. Sixteen letter
men are gone from last year's team.
Biggest losses are of cotirse Russ
Pomeroy, All - Coast linebacker:
Bruce Van Alstyne, running mate of
Biil McColl, and Bob White, hard
driving back.
None of these will be easy to re
place, but it's likely that Norm Ma
noogian will take over Pomeroy's

No. 1 linebacking position, and that
Marv Tennefoss, who may be re
membered for his terrific defensive
work against Army, will get the end
slot.
The session was devoted to light
contact work, calisthenics, and the
running of a few plays.


CHUCK TAYLOR
—Greets new troops


BRUCE VAN ALSTYNE
—Hard to replace
The Big Red Machine, boast-1
ing a few new cogs and wheels
but with all parts intact, resumed
operations yesterday afternoon
where*it left off in Berkeley last
Nov. 25.
Coach Chuck Taylor and his as
sistants were literally deluged with J

football players as approximately 75
linemen and 50 backs turned out for
the initial session. Sixteen letter
men are gone from last year's team.
Biggest losses are of cotirse Russ
Pomeroy, All - Coast linebacker:
Bruce Van Alstyne, running mate of
Biil McColl, and Bob White, hard
driving back.
None of these will be easy to re
place, but it's likely that Norm Ma
noogian will take over Pomeroy's

No. 1 linebacking position, and that
Marv Tennefoss, who may be re
membered for his terrific defensive
work against Army, will get the end
slot.
The session was devoted to light
contact work, calisthenics, and the
running of a few plays.


CHUCK TAYLOR
—Greets new troops


BRUCE VAN ALSTYNE
—Hard to replace
The Big Red Machine, boast-1
ing a few new cogs and wheels
but with all parts intact, resumed
operations yesterday afternoon
where*it left off in Berkeley last
Nov. 25.
Coach Chuck Taylor and his as
sistants were literally deluged with J

football players as approximately 75
linemen and 50 backs turned out for
the initial session. Sixteen letter
men are gone from last year's team.
Biggest losses are of cotirse Russ
Pomeroy, All - Coast linebacker:
Bruce Van Alstyne, running mate of
Biil McColl, and Bob White, hard
driving back.
None of these will be easy to re
place, but it's likely that Norm Ma
noogian will take over Pomeroy's

No. 1 linebacking position, and that
Marv Tennefoss, who may be re
membered for his terrific defensive
work against Army, will get the end
slot.
The session was devoted to light
contact work, calisthenics, and the
running of a few plays.


CHUCK TAYLOR
—Greets new troops


BRUCE VAN ALSTYNE
—Hard to replace
The Big Red Machine, boast-1
ing a few new cogs and wheels
but with all parts intact, resumed
operations yesterday afternoon
where*it left off in Berkeley last
Nov. 25.
Coach Chuck Taylor and his as
sistants were literally deluged with J

football players as approximately 75
linemen and 50 backs turned out for
the initial session. Sixteen letter
men are gone from last year's team.
Biggest losses are of cotirse Russ
Pomeroy, All - Coast linebacker:
Bruce Van Alstyne, running mate of
Biil McColl, and Bob White, hard
driving back.
None of these will be easy to re
place, but it's likely that Norm Ma
noogian will take over Pomeroy's

No. 1 linebacking position, and that
Marv Tennefoss, who may be re
membered for his terrific defensive
work against Army, will get the end
slot.
The session was devoted to light
contact work, calisthenics, and the
running of a few plays.


CHUCK TAYLOR
—Greets new troops


BRUCE VAN ALSTYNE
—Hard to replace
The Big Red Machine, boast-1
ing a few new cogs and wheels
but with all parts intact, resumed
operations yesterday afternoon
where*it left off in Berkeley last
Nov. 25.
Coach Chuck Taylor and his as
sistants were literally deluged with J

football players as approximately 75
linemen and 50 backs turned out for
the initial session. Sixteen letter
men are gone from last year's team.
Biggest losses are of cotirse Russ
Pomeroy, All - Coast linebacker:
Bruce Van Alstyne, running mate of
Biil McColl, and Bob White, hard
driving back.
None of these will be easy to re
place, but it's likely that Norm Ma
noogian will take over Pomeroy's

No. 1 linebacking position, and that
Marv Tennefoss, who may be re
membered for his terrific defensive
work against Army, will get the end
slot.
The session was devoted to light
contact work, calisthenics, and the
running of a few plays.


CHUCK TAYLOR
—Greets new troops


BRUCE VAN ALSTYNE
—Hard to replace
The Big Red Machine, boast-1
ing a few new cogs and wheels
but with all parts intact, resumed
operations yesterday afternoon
where*it left off in Berkeley last
Nov. 25.
Coach Chuck Taylor and his as
sistants were literally deluged with J

football players as approximately 75
linemen and 50 backs turned out for
the initial session. Sixteen letter
men are gone from last year's team.
Biggest losses are of cotirse Russ
Pomeroy, All - Coast linebacker:
Bruce Van Alstyne, running mate of
Biil McColl, and Bob White, hard
driving back.
None of these will be easy to re
place, but it's likely that Norm Ma
noogian will take over Pomeroy's

No. 1 linebacking position, and that
Marv Tennefoss, who may be re
membered for his terrific defensive
work against Army, will get the end
slot.
The session was devoted to light
contact work, calisthenics, and the
running of a few plays.


CHUCK TAYLOR
—Greets new troops


BRUCE VAN ALSTYNE
—Hard to replace
The Big Red Machine, boast-1
ing a few new cogs and wheels
but with all parts intact, resumed
operations yesterday afternoon
where*it left off in Berkeley last
Nov. 25.
Coach Chuck Taylor and his as
sistants were literally deluged with J

football players as approximately 75
linemen and 50 backs turned out for
the initial session. Sixteen letter
men are gone from last year's team.
Biggest losses are of cotirse Russ
Pomeroy, All - Coast linebacker:
Bruce Van Alstyne, running mate of
Biil McColl, and Bob White, hard
driving back.
None of these will be easy to re
place, but it's likely that Norm Ma
noogian will take over Pomeroy's

No. 1 linebacking position, and that
Marv Tennefoss, who may be re
membered for his terrific defensive
work against Army, will get the end
slot.
The session was devoted to light
contact work, calisthenics, and the
running of a few plays.


CHUCK TAYLOR
—Greets new troops


BRUCE VAN ALSTYNE
—Hard to replace
The Big Red Machine, boast-1
ing a few new cogs and wheels
but with all parts intact, resumed
operations yesterday afternoon
where*it left off in Berkeley last
Nov. 25.
Coach Chuck Taylor and his as
sistants were literally deluged with J

football players as approximately 75
linemen and 50 backs turned out for
the initial session. Sixteen letter
men are gone from last year's team.
Biggest losses are of cotirse Russ
Pomeroy, All - Coast linebacker:
Bruce Van Alstyne, running mate of
Biil McColl, and Bob White, hard
driving back.
None of these will be easy to re
place, but it's likely that Norm Ma
noogian will take over Pomeroy's

No. 1 linebacking position, and that
Marv Tennefoss, who may be re
membered for his terrific defensive
work against Army, will get the end
slot.
The session was devoted to light
contact work, calisthenics, and the
running of a few plays.


CHUCK TAYLOR
—Greets new troops


BRUCE VAN ALSTYNE
—Hard to replace
The Big Red Machine, boast-1
ing a few new cogs and wheels
but with all parts intact, resumed
operations yesterday afternoon
where*it left off in Berkeley last
Nov. 25.
Coach Chuck Taylor and his as
sistants were literally deluged with J

football players as approximately 75
linemen and 50 backs turned out for
the initial session. Sixteen letter
men are gone from last year's team.
Biggest losses are of cotirse Russ
Pomeroy, All - Coast linebacker:
Bruce Van Alstyne, running mate of
Biil McColl, and Bob White, hard
driving back.
None of these will be easy to re
place, but it's likely that Norm Ma
noogian will take over Pomeroy's

No. 1 linebacking position, and that
Marv Tennefoss, who may be re
membered for his terrific defensive
work against Army, will get the end
slot.
The session was devoted to light
contact work, calisthenics, and the
running of a few plays.


CHUCK TAYLOR
—Greets new troops


BRUCE VAN ALSTYNE
—Hard to replace
The Big Red Machine, boast-1
ing a few new cogs and wheels
but with all parts intact, resumed
operations yesterday afternoon
where*it left off in Berkeley last
Nov. 25.
Coach Chuck Taylor and his as
sistants were literally deluged with J

football players as approximately 75
linemen and 50 backs turned out for
the initial session. Sixteen letter
men are gone from last year's team.
Biggest losses are of cotirse Russ
Pomeroy, All - Coast linebacker:
Bruce Van Alstyne, running mate of
Biil McColl, and Bob White, hard
driving back.
None of these will be easy to re
place, but it's likely that Norm Ma
noogian will take over Pomeroy's

No. 1 linebacking position, and that
Marv Tennefoss, who may be re
membered for his terrific defensive
work against Army, will get the end
slot.
The session was devoted to light
contact work, calisthenics, and the
running of a few plays.


CHUCK TAYLOR
—Greets new troops


BRUCE VAN ALSTYNE
—Hard to replace
The Big Red Machine, boast-1
ing a few new cogs and wheels
but with all parts intact, resumed
operations yesterday afternoon
where*it left off in Berkeley last
Nov. 25.
Coach Chuck Taylor and his as
sistants were literally deluged with J

football players as approximately 75
linemen and 50 backs turned out for
the initial session. Sixteen letter
men are gone from last year's team.
Biggest losses are of cotirse Russ
Pomeroy, All - Coast linebacker:
Bruce Van Alstyne, running mate of
Biil McColl, and Bob White, hard
driving back.
None of these will be easy to re
place, but it's likely that Norm Ma
noogian will take over Pomeroy's

No. 1 linebacking position, and that
Marv Tennefoss, who may be re
membered for his terrific defensive
work against Army, will get the end
slot.
The session was devoted to light
contact work, calisthenics, and the
running of a few plays.


CHUCK TAYLOR
—Greets new troops


BRUCE VAN ALSTYNE
—Hard to replace
The Big Red Machine, boast-1
ing a few new cogs and wheels
but with all parts intact, resumed
operations yesterday afternoon
where*it left off in Berkeley last
Nov. 25.
Coach Chuck Taylor and his as
sistants were literally deluged with J

football players as approximately 75
linemen and 50 backs turned out for
the initial session. Sixteen letter
men are gone from last year's team.
Biggest losses are of cotirse Russ
Pomeroy, All - Coast linebacker:
Bruce Van Alstyne, running mate of
Biil McColl, and Bob White, hard
driving back.
None of these will be easy to re
place, but it's likely that Norm Ma
noogian will take over Pomeroy's

No. 1 linebacking position, and that
Marv Tennefoss, who may be re
membered for his terrific defensive
work against Army, will get the end
slot.
The session was devoted to light
contact work, calisthenics, and the
running of a few plays.


CHUCK TAYLOR
—Greets new troops


BRUCE VAN ALSTYNE
—Hard to replace
The Big Red Machine, boast-1
ing a few new cogs and wheels
but with all parts intact, resumed
operations yesterday afternoon
where*it left off in Berkeley last
Nov. 25.
Coach Chuck Taylor and his as
sistants were literally deluged with J

football players as approximately 75
linemen and 50 backs turned out for
the initial session. Sixteen letter
men are gone from last year's team.
Biggest losses are of cotirse Russ
Pomeroy, All - Coast linebacker:
Bruce Van Alstyne, running mate of
Biil McColl, and Bob White, hard
driving back.
None of these will be easy to re
place, but it's likely that Norm Ma
noogian will take over Pomeroy's

No. 1 linebacking position, and that
Marv Tennefoss, who may be re
membered for his terrific defensive
work against Army, will get the end
slot.
The session was devoted to light
contact work, calisthenics, and the
running of a few plays.


CHUCK TAYLOR
—Greets new troops


BRUCE VAN ALSTYNE
—Hard to replace
The Big Red Machine, boast-1
ing a few new cogs and wheels
but with all parts intact, resumed
operations yesterday afternoon
where*it left off in Berkeley last
Nov. 25.
Coach Chuck Taylor and his as
sistants were literally deluged with J

football players as approximately 75
linemen and 50 backs turned out for
the initial session. Sixteen letter
men are gone from last year's team.
Biggest losses are of cotirse Russ
Pomeroy, All - Coast linebacker:
Bruce Van Alstyne, running mate of
Biil McColl, and Bob White, hard
driving back.
None of these will be easy to re
place, but it's likely that Norm Ma
noogian will take over Pomeroy's

No. 1 linebacking position, and that
Marv Tennefoss, who may be re
membered for his terrific defensive
work against Army, will get the end
slot.
The session was devoted to light
contact work, calisthenics, and the
running of a few plays.


CHUCK TAYLOR
—Greets new troops


BRUCE VAN ALSTYNE
—Hard to replace
The Big Red Machine, boast-1
ing a few new cogs and wheels
but with all parts intact, resumed
operations yesterday afternoon
where*it left off in Berkeley last
Nov. 25.
Coach Chuck Taylor and his as
sistants were literally deluged with J

football players as approximately 75
linemen and 50 backs turned out for
the initial session. Sixteen letter
men are gone from last year's team.
Biggest losses are of cotirse Russ
Pomeroy, All - Coast linebacker:
Bruce Van Alstyne, running mate of
Biil McColl, and Bob White, hard
driving back.
None of these will be easy to re
place, but it's likely that Norm Ma
noogian will take over Pomeroy's

No. 1 linebacking position, and that
Marv Tennefoss, who may be re
membered for his terrific defensive
work against Army, will get the end
slot.
The session was devoted to light
contact work, calisthenics, and the
running of a few plays.


CHUCK TAYLOR
—Greets new troops


BRUCE VAN ALSTYNE
—Hard to replace
