# Religious Notices
## 
### 
CANTERBURY will sponsor a
luncheon today in the Garden
Room of Union. The speaker will
be Dr. Alexander Miller.
CANTERBURY will sponsor a
luncheon today in the Garden
Room of Union. The speaker will
be Dr. Alexander Miller.
CANTERBURY will sponsor a
luncheon today in the Garden
Room of Union. The speaker will
be Dr. Alexander Miller.
CANTERBURY will sponsor a
luncheon today in the Garden
Room of Union. The speaker will
be Dr. Alexander Miller.
CANTERBURY will sponsor a
luncheon today in the Garden
Room of Union. The speaker will
be Dr. Alexander Miller.
CANTERBURY will sponsor a
luncheon today in the Garden
Room of Union. The speaker will
be Dr. Alexander Miller.
CANTERBURY will sponsor a
luncheon today in the Garden
Room of Union. The speaker will
be Dr. Alexander Miller.
CANTERBURY will sponsor a
luncheon today in the Garden
Room of Union. The speaker will
be Dr. Alexander Miller.
CANTERBURY will sponsor a
luncheon today in the Garden
Room of Union. The speaker will
be Dr. Alexander Miller.
CANTERBURY will sponsor a
luncheon today in the Garden
Room of Union. The speaker will
be Dr. Alexander Miller.
CANTERBURY will sponsor a
luncheon today in the Garden
Room of Union. The speaker will
be Dr. Alexander Miller.
CANTERBURY will sponsor a
luncheon today in the Garden
Room of Union. The speaker will
be Dr. Alexander Miller.
CANTERBURY will sponsor a
luncheon today in the Garden
Room of Union. The speaker will
be Dr. Alexander Miller.
CANTERBURY will sponsor a
luncheon today in the Garden
Room of Union. The speaker will
be Dr. Alexander Miller.
CANTERBURY will sponsor a
luncheon today in the Garden
Room of Union. The speaker will
be Dr. Alexander Miller.
