# Burdick Will Give Reading
## 
### 
Hal Burdick Sr., radio's Night
Editor, will present a reading hour
Thursday afternoon at 4:15 in the
Little Theater. Admission is free.
Burdick will present a program of
American humor and will read se
lections from the American news
paper humorists, Will Rogers, Ir
win S. Cobb, F.P.A., Frank Sullivan,
and others.
The reading hour is being spon
sored by the Department of Speech
and Drama. Students and the gen
eral public are invited.
Burdick is the father of Hal Bur
dick Jr., a sophomore at Stanford.
Burdick Sr. last appeared at Stan
ford in 'Playboy of the Western
World," when he took the part of
the wild-eyed Irish parent.
Burdick, who has been associated
with the theater for many years,
began his stage career in a Seattle
stock company. A liking for story
telling led him from stage to jour
nalism to radio broadcasting.
