# Ex-Farm Prof Dies
## 
### 
Reginald tieorge Trotter, head
of Ihe Queen's University history
department in Kingston, Ont.. and
former Stanford lecturer, died Sat
urday.
Trotter, a graduate of Yale, lec
tured in history at Stnnford. Har
vard, and Boston universities before
joining Ihe Queen's faculty in 1021.
He was a member of the Cana
dian-United States Committee on
Education in 1940.
Reginald tieorge Trotter, head
of Ihe Queen's University history
department in Kingston, Ont.. and
former Stanford lecturer, died Sat
urday.
Trotter, a graduate of Yale, lec
tured in history at Stnnford. Har
vard, and Boston universities before
joining Ihe Queen's faculty in 1021.
He was a member of the Cana
dian-United States Committee on
Education in 1940.
Reginald tieorge Trotter, head
of Ihe Queen's University history
department in Kingston, Ont.. and
former Stanford lecturer, died Sat
urday.
Trotter, a graduate of Yale, lec
tured in history at Stnnford. Har
vard, and Boston universities before
joining Ihe Queen's faculty in 1021.
He was a member of the Cana
dian-United States Committee on
Education in 1940.
Reginald tieorge Trotter, head
of Ihe Queen's University history
department in Kingston, Ont.. and
former Stanford lecturer, died Sat
urday.
Trotter, a graduate of Yale, lec
tured in history at Stnnford. Har
vard, and Boston universities before
joining Ihe Queen's faculty in 1021.
He was a member of the Cana
dian-United States Committee on
Education in 1940.
Reginald tieorge Trotter, head
of Ihe Queen's University history
department in Kingston, Ont.. and
former Stanford lecturer, died Sat
urday.
Trotter, a graduate of Yale, lec
tured in history at Stnnford. Har
vard, and Boston universities before
joining Ihe Queen's faculty in 1021.
He was a member of the Cana
dian-United States Committee on
Education in 1940.
Reginald tieorge Trotter, head
of Ihe Queen's University history
department in Kingston, Ont.. and
former Stanford lecturer, died Sat
urday.
Trotter, a graduate of Yale, lec
tured in history at Stnnford. Har
vard, and Boston universities before
joining Ihe Queen's faculty in 1021.
He was a member of the Cana
dian-United States Committee on
Education in 1940.
Reginald tieorge Trotter, head
of Ihe Queen's University history
department in Kingston, Ont.. and
former Stanford lecturer, died Sat
urday.
Trotter, a graduate of Yale, lec
tured in history at Stnnford. Har
vard, and Boston universities before
joining Ihe Queen's faculty in 1021.
He was a member of the Cana
dian-United States Committee on
Education in 1940.
Reginald tieorge Trotter, head
of Ihe Queen's University history
department in Kingston, Ont.. and
former Stanford lecturer, died Sat
urday.
Trotter, a graduate of Yale, lec
tured in history at Stnnford. Har
vard, and Boston universities before
joining Ihe Queen's faculty in 1021.
He was a member of the Cana
dian-United States Committee on
Education in 1940.
Reginald tieorge Trotter, head
of Ihe Queen's University history
department in Kingston, Ont.. and
former Stanford lecturer, died Sat
urday.
Trotter, a graduate of Yale, lec
tured in history at Stnnford. Har
vard, and Boston universities before
joining Ihe Queen's faculty in 1021.
He was a member of the Cana
dian-United States Committee on
Education in 1940.
Reginald tieorge Trotter, head
of Ihe Queen's University history
department in Kingston, Ont.. and
former Stanford lecturer, died Sat
urday.
Trotter, a graduate of Yale, lec
tured in history at Stnnford. Har
vard, and Boston universities before
joining Ihe Queen's faculty in 1021.
He was a member of the Cana
dian-United States Committee on
Education in 1940.
Reginald tieorge Trotter, head
of Ihe Queen's University history
department in Kingston, Ont.. and
former Stanford lecturer, died Sat
urday.
Trotter, a graduate of Yale, lec
tured in history at Stnnford. Har
vard, and Boston universities before
joining Ihe Queen's faculty in 1021.
He was a member of the Cana
dian-United States Committee on
Education in 1940.
Reginald tieorge Trotter, head
of Ihe Queen's University history
department in Kingston, Ont.. and
former Stanford lecturer, died Sat
urday.
Trotter, a graduate of Yale, lec
tured in history at Stnnford. Har
vard, and Boston universities before
joining Ihe Queen's faculty in 1021.
He was a member of the Cana
dian-United States Committee on
Education in 1940.
Reginald tieorge Trotter, head
of Ihe Queen's University history
department in Kingston, Ont.. and
former Stanford lecturer, died Sat
urday.
Trotter, a graduate of Yale, lec
tured in history at Stnnford. Har
vard, and Boston universities before
joining Ihe Queen's faculty in 1021.
He was a member of the Cana
dian-United States Committee on
Education in 1940.
Reginald tieorge Trotter, head
of Ihe Queen's University history
department in Kingston, Ont.. and
former Stanford lecturer, died Sat
urday.
Trotter, a graduate of Yale, lec
tured in history at Stnnford. Har
vard, and Boston universities before
joining Ihe Queen's faculty in 1021.
He was a member of the Cana
dian-United States Committee on
Education in 1940.
Reginald tieorge Trotter, head
of Ihe Queen's University history
department in Kingston, Ont.. and
former Stanford lecturer, died Sat
urday.
Trotter, a graduate of Yale, lec
tured in history at Stnnford. Har
vard, and Boston universities before
joining Ihe Queen's faculty in 1021.
He was a member of the Cana
dian-United States Committee on
Education in 1940.
