# DELT PLEDGES
## 
### 
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of Paul Eg
ler and Bob Wert to Delta Tau
Delta.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of Paul Eg
ler and Bob Wert to Delta Tau
Delta.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of Paul Eg
ler and Bob Wert to Delta Tau
Delta.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of Paul Eg
ler and Bob Wert to Delta Tau
Delta.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of Paul Eg
ler and Bob Wert to Delta Tau
Delta.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of Paul Eg
ler and Bob Wert to Delta Tau
Delta.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of Paul Eg
ler and Bob Wert to Delta Tau
Delta.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of Paul Eg
ler and Bob Wert to Delta Tau
Delta.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of Paul Eg
ler and Bob Wert to Delta Tau
Delta.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of Paul Eg
ler and Bob Wert to Delta Tau
Delta.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of Paul Eg
ler and Bob Wert to Delta Tau
Delta.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of Paul Eg
ler and Bob Wert to Delta Tau
Delta.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of Paul Eg
ler and Bob Wert to Delta Tau
Delta.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of Paul Eg
ler and Bob Wert to Delta Tau
Delta.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of Paul Eg
ler and Bob Wert to Delta Tau
Delta.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of Paul Eg
ler and Bob Wert to Delta Tau
Delta.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of Paul Eg
ler and Bob Wert to Delta Tau
Delta.
Stanford Interfraternity Council
announces the pledging of Paul Eg
ler and Bob Wert to Delta Tau
Delta.
