# International Club To Fete Members
## 
### 
A skating party for International J
Club members and guests will be |
held at the iee rink in San Jose I
Sunday night from 5:150 to 7:30. All
students are invited, and transpor
tation will be furnished to those who
come to the Nitery at 4:1)0. Students
wishing tickets are asked to call
Janet Snelling, club vice-president,
at La<>unita.
A skating party for International J
Club members and guests will be |
held at the iee rink in San Jose I
Sunday night from 5:150 to 7:30. All
students are invited, and transpor
tation will be furnished to those who
come to the Nitery at 4:1)0. Students
wishing tickets are asked to call
Janet Snelling, club vice-president,
at La<>unita.
A skating party for International J
Club members and guests will be |
held at the iee rink in San Jose I
Sunday night from 5:150 to 7:30. All
students are invited, and transpor
tation will be furnished to those who
come to the Nitery at 4:1)0. Students
wishing tickets are asked to call
Janet Snelling, club vice-president,
at La<>unita.
A skating party for International J
Club members and guests will be |
held at the iee rink in San Jose I
Sunday night from 5:150 to 7:30. All
students are invited, and transpor
tation will be furnished to those who
come to the Nitery at 4:1)0. Students
wishing tickets are asked to call
Janet Snelling, club vice-president,
at La<>unita.
A skating party for International J
Club members and guests will be |
held at the iee rink in San Jose I
Sunday night from 5:150 to 7:30. All
students are invited, and transpor
tation will be furnished to those who
come to the Nitery at 4:1)0. Students
wishing tickets are asked to call
Janet Snelling, club vice-president,
at La<>unita.
A skating party for International J
Club members and guests will be |
held at the iee rink in San Jose I
Sunday night from 5:150 to 7:30. All
students are invited, and transpor
tation will be furnished to those who
come to the Nitery at 4:1)0. Students
wishing tickets are asked to call
Janet Snelling, club vice-president,
at La<>unita.
A skating party for International J
Club members and guests will be |
held at the iee rink in San Jose I
Sunday night from 5:150 to 7:30. All
students are invited, and transpor
tation will be furnished to those who
come to the Nitery at 4:1)0. Students
wishing tickets are asked to call
Janet Snelling, club vice-president,
at La<>unita.
A skating party for International J
Club members and guests will be |
held at the iee rink in San Jose I
Sunday night from 5:150 to 7:30. All
students are invited, and transpor
tation will be furnished to those who
come to the Nitery at 4:1)0. Students
wishing tickets are asked to call
Janet Snelling, club vice-president,
at La<>unita.
A skating party for International J
Club members and guests will be |
held at the iee rink in San Jose I
Sunday night from 5:150 to 7:30. All
students are invited, and transpor
tation will be furnished to those who
come to the Nitery at 4:1)0. Students
wishing tickets are asked to call
Janet Snelling, club vice-president,
at La<>unita.
A skating party for International J
Club members and guests will be |
held at the iee rink in San Jose I
Sunday night from 5:150 to 7:30. All
students are invited, and transpor
tation will be furnished to those who
come to the Nitery at 4:1)0. Students
wishing tickets are asked to call
Janet Snelling, club vice-president,
at La<>unita.
A skating party for International J
Club members and guests will be |
held at the iee rink in San Jose I
Sunday night from 5:150 to 7:30. All
students are invited, and transpor
tation will be furnished to those who
come to the Nitery at 4:1)0. Students
wishing tickets are asked to call
Janet Snelling, club vice-president,
at La<>unita.
A skating party for International J
Club members and guests will be |
held at the iee rink in San Jose I
Sunday night from 5:150 to 7:30. All
students are invited, and transpor
tation will be furnished to those who
come to the Nitery at 4:1)0. Students
wishing tickets are asked to call
Janet Snelling, club vice-president,
at La<>unita.
A skating party for International J
Club members and guests will be |
held at the iee rink in San Jose I
Sunday night from 5:150 to 7:30. All
students are invited, and transpor
tation will be furnished to those who
come to the Nitery at 4:1)0. Students
wishing tickets are asked to call
Janet Snelling, club vice-president,
at La<>unita.
A skating party for International J
Club members and guests will be |
held at the iee rink in San Jose I
Sunday night from 5:150 to 7:30. All
students are invited, and transpor
tation will be furnished to those who
come to the Nitery at 4:1)0. Students
wishing tickets are asked to call
Janet Snelling, club vice-president,
at La<>unita.
A skating party for International J
Club members and guests will be |
held at the iee rink in San Jose I
Sunday night from 5:150 to 7:30. All
students are invited, and transpor
tation will be furnished to those who
come to the Nitery at 4:1)0. Students
wishing tickets are asked to call
Janet Snelling, club vice-president,
at La<>unita.
A skating party for International J
Club members and guests will be |
held at the iee rink in San Jose I
Sunday night from 5:150 to 7:30. All
students are invited, and transpor
tation will be furnished to those who
come to the Nitery at 4:1)0. Students
wishing tickets are asked to call
Janet Snelling, club vice-president,
at La<>unita.
A skating party for International J
Club members and guests will be |
held at the iee rink in San Jose I
Sunday night from 5:150 to 7:30. All
students are invited, and transpor
tation will be furnished to those who
come to the Nitery at 4:1)0. Students
wishing tickets are asked to call
Janet Snelling, club vice-president,
at La<>unita.
A skating party for International J
Club members and guests will be |
held at the iee rink in San Jose I
Sunday night from 5:150 to 7:30. All
students are invited, and transpor
tation will be furnished to those who
come to the Nitery at 4:1)0. Students
wishing tickets are asked to call
Janet Snelling, club vice-president,
at La<>unita.
