# CLUB NAMES DELEGATES
## 
### 
The International Relations Club
named Peter Fox, Edmund Dews and
Charles Allen as delegates to the
regional Carnegie Peace Foundation
conference in San Francisco this
week-end.
The International Relations Club
named Peter Fox, Edmund Dews and
Charles Allen as delegates to the
regional Carnegie Peace Foundation
conference in San Francisco this
week-end.
The International Relations Club
named Peter Fox, Edmund Dews and
Charles Allen as delegates to the
regional Carnegie Peace Foundation
conference in San Francisco this
week-end.
The International Relations Club
named Peter Fox, Edmund Dews and
Charles Allen as delegates to the
regional Carnegie Peace Foundation
conference in San Francisco this
week-end.
The International Relations Club
named Peter Fox, Edmund Dews and
Charles Allen as delegates to the
regional Carnegie Peace Foundation
conference in San Francisco this
week-end.
The International Relations Club
named Peter Fox, Edmund Dews and
Charles Allen as delegates to the
regional Carnegie Peace Foundation
conference in San Francisco this
week-end.
The International Relations Club
named Peter Fox, Edmund Dews and
Charles Allen as delegates to the
regional Carnegie Peace Foundation
conference in San Francisco this
week-end.
The International Relations Club
named Peter Fox, Edmund Dews and
Charles Allen as delegates to the
regional Carnegie Peace Foundation
conference in San Francisco this
week-end.
The International Relations Club
named Peter Fox, Edmund Dews and
Charles Allen as delegates to the
regional Carnegie Peace Foundation
conference in San Francisco this
week-end.
The International Relations Club
named Peter Fox, Edmund Dews and
Charles Allen as delegates to the
regional Carnegie Peace Foundation
conference in San Francisco this
week-end.
The International Relations Club
named Peter Fox, Edmund Dews and
Charles Allen as delegates to the
regional Carnegie Peace Foundation
conference in San Francisco this
week-end.
The International Relations Club
named Peter Fox, Edmund Dews and
Charles Allen as delegates to the
regional Carnegie Peace Foundation
conference in San Francisco this
week-end.
The International Relations Club
named Peter Fox, Edmund Dews and
Charles Allen as delegates to the
regional Carnegie Peace Foundation
conference in San Francisco this
week-end.
The International Relations Club
named Peter Fox, Edmund Dews and
Charles Allen as delegates to the
regional Carnegie Peace Foundation
conference in San Francisco this
week-end.
The International Relations Club
named Peter Fox, Edmund Dews and
Charles Allen as delegates to the
regional Carnegie Peace Foundation
conference in San Francisco this
week-end.
The International Relations Club
named Peter Fox, Edmund Dews and
Charles Allen as delegates to the
regional Carnegie Peace Foundation
conference in San Francisco this
week-end.
The International Relations Club
named Peter Fox, Edmund Dews and
Charles Allen as delegates to the
regional Carnegie Peace Foundation
conference in San Francisco this
week-end.
The International Relations Club
named Peter Fox, Edmund Dews and
Charles Allen as delegates to the
regional Carnegie Peace Foundation
conference in San Francisco this
week-end.
