# klahoya Holds First Luncheon
## 
### 
Klahoya, off-campus women's
club, held its first weekly luncheon
yesterday noon in the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
Klahoya's entry in the Big Game
parade. It was announced that
mothers of club members will be
hostesses at the Mothers' Club tea,
November 18. Camelia Hauck. presi
dent, announced that all women not
living in a campus resident are wel
come at the Tuesday luncheons.
Klahoya, off-campus women's
club, held its first weekly luncheon
yesterday noon in the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
Klahoya's entry in the Big Game
parade. It was announced that
mothers of club members will be
hostesses at the Mothers' Club tea,
November 18. Camelia Hauck. presi
dent, announced that all women not
living in a campus resident are wel
come at the Tuesday luncheons.
Klahoya, off-campus women's
club, held its first weekly luncheon
yesterday noon in the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
Klahoya's entry in the Big Game
parade. It was announced that
mothers of club members will be
hostesses at the Mothers' Club tea,
November 18. Camelia Hauck. presi
dent, announced that all women not
living in a campus resident are wel
come at the Tuesday luncheons.
Klahoya, off-campus women's
club, held its first weekly luncheon
yesterday noon in the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
Klahoya's entry in the Big Game
parade. It was announced that
mothers of club members will be
hostesses at the Mothers' Club tea,
November 18. Camelia Hauck. presi
dent, announced that all women not
living in a campus resident are wel
come at the Tuesday luncheons.
Klahoya, off-campus women's
club, held its first weekly luncheon
yesterday noon in the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
Klahoya's entry in the Big Game
parade. It was announced that
mothers of club members will be
hostesses at the Mothers' Club tea,
November 18. Camelia Hauck. presi
dent, announced that all women not
living in a campus resident are wel
come at the Tuesday luncheons.
Klahoya, off-campus women's
club, held its first weekly luncheon
yesterday noon in the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
Klahoya's entry in the Big Game
parade. It was announced that
mothers of club members will be
hostesses at the Mothers' Club tea,
November 18. Camelia Hauck. presi
dent, announced that all women not
living in a campus resident are wel
come at the Tuesday luncheons.
Klahoya, off-campus women's
club, held its first weekly luncheon
yesterday noon in the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
Klahoya's entry in the Big Game
parade. It was announced that
mothers of club members will be
hostesses at the Mothers' Club tea,
November 18. Camelia Hauck. presi
dent, announced that all women not
living in a campus resident are wel
come at the Tuesday luncheons.
Klahoya, off-campus women's
club, held its first weekly luncheon
yesterday noon in the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
Klahoya's entry in the Big Game
parade. It was announced that
mothers of club members will be
hostesses at the Mothers' Club tea,
November 18. Camelia Hauck. presi
dent, announced that all women not
living in a campus resident are wel
come at the Tuesday luncheons.
Klahoya, off-campus women's
club, held its first weekly luncheon
yesterday noon in the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
Klahoya's entry in the Big Game
parade. It was announced that
mothers of club members will be
hostesses at the Mothers' Club tea,
November 18. Camelia Hauck. presi
dent, announced that all women not
living in a campus resident are wel
come at the Tuesday luncheons.
Klahoya, off-campus women's
club, held its first weekly luncheon
yesterday noon in the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
Klahoya's entry in the Big Game
parade. It was announced that
mothers of club members will be
hostesses at the Mothers' Club tea,
November 18. Camelia Hauck. presi
dent, announced that all women not
living in a campus resident are wel
come at the Tuesday luncheons.
Klahoya, off-campus women's
club, held its first weekly luncheon
yesterday noon in the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
Klahoya's entry in the Big Game
parade. It was announced that
mothers of club members will be
hostesses at the Mothers' Club tea,
November 18. Camelia Hauck. presi
dent, announced that all women not
living in a campus resident are wel
come at the Tuesday luncheons.
Klahoya, off-campus women's
club, held its first weekly luncheon
yesterday noon in the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
Klahoya's entry in the Big Game
parade. It was announced that
mothers of club members will be
hostesses at the Mothers' Club tea,
November 18. Camelia Hauck. presi
dent, announced that all women not
living in a campus resident are wel
come at the Tuesday luncheons.
Klahoya, off-campus women's
club, held its first weekly luncheon
yesterday noon in the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
Klahoya's entry in the Big Game
parade. It was announced that
mothers of club members will be
hostesses at the Mothers' Club tea,
November 18. Camelia Hauck. presi
dent, announced that all women not
living in a campus resident are wel
come at the Tuesday luncheons.
Klahoya, off-campus women's
club, held its first weekly luncheon
yesterday noon in the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
Klahoya's entry in the Big Game
parade. It was announced that
mothers of club members will be
hostesses at the Mothers' Club tea,
November 18. Camelia Hauck. presi
dent, announced that all women not
living in a campus resident are wel
come at the Tuesday luncheons.
Klahoya, off-campus women's
club, held its first weekly luncheon
yesterday noon in the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
Klahoya's entry in the Big Game
parade. It was announced that
mothers of club members will be
hostesses at the Mothers' Club tea,
November 18. Camelia Hauck. presi
dent, announced that all women not
living in a campus resident are wel
come at the Tuesday luncheons.
Klahoya, off-campus women's
club, held its first weekly luncheon
yesterday noon in the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
Klahoya's entry in the Big Game
parade. It was announced that
mothers of club members will be
hostesses at the Mothers' Club tea,
November 18. Camelia Hauck. presi
dent, announced that all women not
living in a campus resident are wel
come at the Tuesday luncheons.
Klahoya, off-campus women's
club, held its first weekly luncheon
yesterday noon in the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
Klahoya's entry in the Big Game
parade. It was announced that
mothers of club members will be
hostesses at the Mothers' Club tea,
November 18. Camelia Hauck. presi
dent, announced that all women not
living in a campus resident are wel
come at the Tuesday luncheons.
Klahoya, off-campus women's
club, held its first weekly luncheon
yesterday noon in the Women's
Clubhouse and discussed plans for
Klahoya's entry in the Big Game
parade. It was announced that
mothers of club members will be
hostesses at the Mothers' Club tea,
November 18. Camelia Hauck. presi
dent, announced that all women not
living in a campus resident are wel
come at the Tuesday luncheons.
