# F.R. Demands Speedy Action
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21 (UP).—
Administration demands that Con
gress act quickly to combat unre
stricted German warfare in the At
lantic were strongly implemented
tonight by the torpedoing and sink
ing of two more American-owned
freighters and disclosure that the
U. S. destroyer Kearny was on con
voy duty last Friday when it was
attacked off Iceland.
Secretary of State Cordcll Hull
told the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee considering the House
approved bill to arm American mer
chantmen that Germany is pursuing
a policy of "intimidation and fright
fulness" in the Atlantic. He urged
arming of the cargo boats as a de
fense move before "it is too late."
Elimination of the ship arming ban
from the Neutrality Act and other
changes in the law recommended by
the Administration, he insisted, fall
within this government's "short of
war" policy.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief of
naval operations, followed Hull with
a report on the Kearny attack. He,
like Hull, testified secretly. Com
mitteemen said he had reported that
the destroyer was on convoy duty
when hit by a German torpedo.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21 (UP).—
Administration demands that Con
gress act quickly to combat unre
stricted German warfare in the At
lantic were strongly implemented
tonight by the torpedoing and sink
ing of two more American-owned
freighters and disclosure that the
U. S. destroyer Kearny was on con
voy duty last Friday when it was
attacked off Iceland.
Secretary of State Cordcll Hull
told the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee considering the House
approved bill to arm American mer
chantmen that Germany is pursuing
a policy of "intimidation and fright
fulness" in the Atlantic. He urged
arming of the cargo boats as a de
fense move before "it is too late."
Elimination of the ship arming ban
from the Neutrality Act and other
changes in the law recommended by
the Administration, he insisted, fall
within this government's "short of
war" policy.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief of
naval operations, followed Hull with
a report on the Kearny attack. He,
like Hull, testified secretly. Com
mitteemen said he had reported that
the destroyer was on convoy duty
when hit by a German torpedo.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21 (UP).—
Administration demands that Con
gress act quickly to combat unre
stricted German warfare in the At
lantic were strongly implemented
tonight by the torpedoing and sink
ing of two more American-owned
freighters and disclosure that the
U. S. destroyer Kearny was on con
voy duty last Friday when it was
attacked off Iceland.
Secretary of State Cordcll Hull
told the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee considering the House
approved bill to arm American mer
chantmen that Germany is pursuing
a policy of "intimidation and fright
fulness" in the Atlantic. He urged
arming of the cargo boats as a de
fense move before "it is too late."
Elimination of the ship arming ban
from the Neutrality Act and other
changes in the law recommended by
the Administration, he insisted, fall
within this government's "short of
war" policy.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief of
naval operations, followed Hull with
a report on the Kearny attack. He,
like Hull, testified secretly. Com
mitteemen said he had reported that
the destroyer was on convoy duty
when hit by a German torpedo.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21 (UP).—
Administration demands that Con
gress act quickly to combat unre
stricted German warfare in the At
lantic were strongly implemented
tonight by the torpedoing and sink
ing of two more American-owned
freighters and disclosure that the
U. S. destroyer Kearny was on con
voy duty last Friday when it was
attacked off Iceland.
Secretary of State Cordcll Hull
told the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee considering the House
approved bill to arm American mer
chantmen that Germany is pursuing
a policy of "intimidation and fright
fulness" in the Atlantic. He urged
arming of the cargo boats as a de
fense move before "it is too late."
Elimination of the ship arming ban
from the Neutrality Act and other
changes in the law recommended by
the Administration, he insisted, fall
within this government's "short of
war" policy.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief of
naval operations, followed Hull with
a report on the Kearny attack. He,
like Hull, testified secretly. Com
mitteemen said he had reported that
the destroyer was on convoy duty
when hit by a German torpedo.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21 (UP).—
Administration demands that Con
gress act quickly to combat unre
stricted German warfare in the At
lantic were strongly implemented
tonight by the torpedoing and sink
ing of two more American-owned
freighters and disclosure that the
U. S. destroyer Kearny was on con
voy duty last Friday when it was
attacked off Iceland.
Secretary of State Cordcll Hull
told the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee considering the House
approved bill to arm American mer
chantmen that Germany is pursuing
a policy of "intimidation and fright
fulness" in the Atlantic. He urged
arming of the cargo boats as a de
fense move before "it is too late."
Elimination of the ship arming ban
from the Neutrality Act and other
changes in the law recommended by
the Administration, he insisted, fall
within this government's "short of
war" policy.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief of
naval operations, followed Hull with
a report on the Kearny attack. He,
like Hull, testified secretly. Com
mitteemen said he had reported that
the destroyer was on convoy duty
when hit by a German torpedo.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21 (UP).—
Administration demands that Con
gress act quickly to combat unre
stricted German warfare in the At
lantic were strongly implemented
tonight by the torpedoing and sink
ing of two more American-owned
freighters and disclosure that the
U. S. destroyer Kearny was on con
voy duty last Friday when it was
attacked off Iceland.
Secretary of State Cordcll Hull
told the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee considering the House
approved bill to arm American mer
chantmen that Germany is pursuing
a policy of "intimidation and fright
fulness" in the Atlantic. He urged
arming of the cargo boats as a de
fense move before "it is too late."
Elimination of the ship arming ban
from the Neutrality Act and other
changes in the law recommended by
the Administration, he insisted, fall
within this government's "short of
war" policy.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief of
naval operations, followed Hull with
a report on the Kearny attack. He,
like Hull, testified secretly. Com
mitteemen said he had reported that
the destroyer was on convoy duty
when hit by a German torpedo.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21 (UP).—
Administration demands that Con
gress act quickly to combat unre
stricted German warfare in the At
lantic were strongly implemented
tonight by the torpedoing and sink
ing of two more American-owned
freighters and disclosure that the
U. S. destroyer Kearny was on con
voy duty last Friday when it was
attacked off Iceland.
Secretary of State Cordcll Hull
told the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee considering the House
approved bill to arm American mer
chantmen that Germany is pursuing
a policy of "intimidation and fright
fulness" in the Atlantic. He urged
arming of the cargo boats as a de
fense move before "it is too late."
Elimination of the ship arming ban
from the Neutrality Act and other
changes in the law recommended by
the Administration, he insisted, fall
within this government's "short of
war" policy.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief of
naval operations, followed Hull with
a report on the Kearny attack. He,
like Hull, testified secretly. Com
mitteemen said he had reported that
the destroyer was on convoy duty
when hit by a German torpedo.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21 (UP).—
Administration demands that Con
gress act quickly to combat unre
stricted German warfare in the At
lantic were strongly implemented
tonight by the torpedoing and sink
ing of two more American-owned
freighters and disclosure that the
U. S. destroyer Kearny was on con
voy duty last Friday when it was
attacked off Iceland.
Secretary of State Cordcll Hull
told the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee considering the House
approved bill to arm American mer
chantmen that Germany is pursuing
a policy of "intimidation and fright
fulness" in the Atlantic. He urged
arming of the cargo boats as a de
fense move before "it is too late."
Elimination of the ship arming ban
from the Neutrality Act and other
changes in the law recommended by
the Administration, he insisted, fall
within this government's "short of
war" policy.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief of
naval operations, followed Hull with
a report on the Kearny attack. He,
like Hull, testified secretly. Com
mitteemen said he had reported that
the destroyer was on convoy duty
when hit by a German torpedo.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21 (UP).—
Administration demands that Con
gress act quickly to combat unre
stricted German warfare in the At
lantic were strongly implemented
tonight by the torpedoing and sink
ing of two more American-owned
freighters and disclosure that the
U. S. destroyer Kearny was on con
voy duty last Friday when it was
attacked off Iceland.
Secretary of State Cordcll Hull
told the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee considering the House
approved bill to arm American mer
chantmen that Germany is pursuing
a policy of "intimidation and fright
fulness" in the Atlantic. He urged
arming of the cargo boats as a de
fense move before "it is too late."
Elimination of the ship arming ban
from the Neutrality Act and other
changes in the law recommended by
the Administration, he insisted, fall
within this government's "short of
war" policy.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief of
naval operations, followed Hull with
a report on the Kearny attack. He,
like Hull, testified secretly. Com
mitteemen said he had reported that
the destroyer was on convoy duty
when hit by a German torpedo.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21 (UP).—
Administration demands that Con
gress act quickly to combat unre
stricted German warfare in the At
lantic were strongly implemented
tonight by the torpedoing and sink
ing of two more American-owned
freighters and disclosure that the
U. S. destroyer Kearny was on con
voy duty last Friday when it was
attacked off Iceland.
Secretary of State Cordcll Hull
told the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee considering the House
approved bill to arm American mer
chantmen that Germany is pursuing
a policy of "intimidation and fright
fulness" in the Atlantic. He urged
arming of the cargo boats as a de
fense move before "it is too late."
Elimination of the ship arming ban
from the Neutrality Act and other
changes in the law recommended by
the Administration, he insisted, fall
within this government's "short of
war" policy.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief of
naval operations, followed Hull with
a report on the Kearny attack. He,
like Hull, testified secretly. Com
mitteemen said he had reported that
the destroyer was on convoy duty
when hit by a German torpedo.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21 (UP).—
Administration demands that Con
gress act quickly to combat unre
stricted German warfare in the At
lantic were strongly implemented
tonight by the torpedoing and sink
ing of two more American-owned
freighters and disclosure that the
U. S. destroyer Kearny was on con
voy duty last Friday when it was
attacked off Iceland.
Secretary of State Cordcll Hull
told the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee considering the House
approved bill to arm American mer
chantmen that Germany is pursuing
a policy of "intimidation and fright
fulness" in the Atlantic. He urged
arming of the cargo boats as a de
fense move before "it is too late."
Elimination of the ship arming ban
from the Neutrality Act and other
changes in the law recommended by
the Administration, he insisted, fall
within this government's "short of
war" policy.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief of
naval operations, followed Hull with
a report on the Kearny attack. He,
like Hull, testified secretly. Com
mitteemen said he had reported that
the destroyer was on convoy duty
when hit by a German torpedo.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21 (UP).—
Administration demands that Con
gress act quickly to combat unre
stricted German warfare in the At
lantic were strongly implemented
tonight by the torpedoing and sink
ing of two more American-owned
freighters and disclosure that the
U. S. destroyer Kearny was on con
voy duty last Friday when it was
attacked off Iceland.
Secretary of State Cordcll Hull
told the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee considering the House
approved bill to arm American mer
chantmen that Germany is pursuing
a policy of "intimidation and fright
fulness" in the Atlantic. He urged
arming of the cargo boats as a de
fense move before "it is too late."
Elimination of the ship arming ban
from the Neutrality Act and other
changes in the law recommended by
the Administration, he insisted, fall
within this government's "short of
war" policy.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief of
naval operations, followed Hull with
a report on the Kearny attack. He,
like Hull, testified secretly. Com
mitteemen said he had reported that
the destroyer was on convoy duty
when hit by a German torpedo.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21 (UP).—
Administration demands that Con
gress act quickly to combat unre
stricted German warfare in the At
lantic were strongly implemented
tonight by the torpedoing and sink
ing of two more American-owned
freighters and disclosure that the
U. S. destroyer Kearny was on con
voy duty last Friday when it was
attacked off Iceland.
Secretary of State Cordcll Hull
told the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee considering the House
approved bill to arm American mer
chantmen that Germany is pursuing
a policy of "intimidation and fright
fulness" in the Atlantic. He urged
arming of the cargo boats as a de
fense move before "it is too late."
Elimination of the ship arming ban
from the Neutrality Act and other
changes in the law recommended by
the Administration, he insisted, fall
within this government's "short of
war" policy.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief of
naval operations, followed Hull with
a report on the Kearny attack. He,
like Hull, testified secretly. Com
mitteemen said he had reported that
the destroyer was on convoy duty
when hit by a German torpedo.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21 (UP).—
Administration demands that Con
gress act quickly to combat unre
stricted German warfare in the At
lantic were strongly implemented
tonight by the torpedoing and sink
ing of two more American-owned
freighters and disclosure that the
U. S. destroyer Kearny was on con
voy duty last Friday when it was
attacked off Iceland.
Secretary of State Cordcll Hull
told the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee considering the House
approved bill to arm American mer
chantmen that Germany is pursuing
a policy of "intimidation and fright
fulness" in the Atlantic. He urged
arming of the cargo boats as a de
fense move before "it is too late."
Elimination of the ship arming ban
from the Neutrality Act and other
changes in the law recommended by
the Administration, he insisted, fall
within this government's "short of
war" policy.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief of
naval operations, followed Hull with
a report on the Kearny attack. He,
like Hull, testified secretly. Com
mitteemen said he had reported that
the destroyer was on convoy duty
when hit by a German torpedo.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21 (UP).—
Administration demands that Con
gress act quickly to combat unre
stricted German warfare in the At
lantic were strongly implemented
tonight by the torpedoing and sink
ing of two more American-owned
freighters and disclosure that the
U. S. destroyer Kearny was on con
voy duty last Friday when it was
attacked off Iceland.
Secretary of State Cordcll Hull
told the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee considering the House
approved bill to arm American mer
chantmen that Germany is pursuing
a policy of "intimidation and fright
fulness" in the Atlantic. He urged
arming of the cargo boats as a de
fense move before "it is too late."
Elimination of the ship arming ban
from the Neutrality Act and other
changes in the law recommended by
the Administration, he insisted, fall
within this government's "short of
war" policy.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief of
naval operations, followed Hull with
a report on the Kearny attack. He,
like Hull, testified secretly. Com
mitteemen said he had reported that
the destroyer was on convoy duty
when hit by a German torpedo.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21 (UP).—
Administration demands that Con
gress act quickly to combat unre
stricted German warfare in the At
lantic were strongly implemented
tonight by the torpedoing and sink
ing of two more American-owned
freighters and disclosure that the
U. S. destroyer Kearny was on con
voy duty last Friday when it was
attacked off Iceland.
Secretary of State Cordcll Hull
told the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee considering the House
approved bill to arm American mer
chantmen that Germany is pursuing
a policy of "intimidation and fright
fulness" in the Atlantic. He urged
arming of the cargo boats as a de
fense move before "it is too late."
Elimination of the ship arming ban
from the Neutrality Act and other
changes in the law recommended by
the Administration, he insisted, fall
within this government's "short of
war" policy.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief of
naval operations, followed Hull with
a report on the Kearny attack. He,
like Hull, testified secretly. Com
mitteemen said he had reported that
the destroyer was on convoy duty
when hit by a German torpedo.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21 (UP).—
Administration demands that Con
gress act quickly to combat unre
stricted German warfare in the At
lantic were strongly implemented
tonight by the torpedoing and sink
ing of two more American-owned
freighters and disclosure that the
U. S. destroyer Kearny was on con
voy duty last Friday when it was
attacked off Iceland.
Secretary of State Cordcll Hull
told the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee considering the House
approved bill to arm American mer
chantmen that Germany is pursuing
a policy of "intimidation and fright
fulness" in the Atlantic. He urged
arming of the cargo boats as a de
fense move before "it is too late."
Elimination of the ship arming ban
from the Neutrality Act and other
changes in the law recommended by
the Administration, he insisted, fall
within this government's "short of
war" policy.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief of
naval operations, followed Hull with
a report on the Kearny attack. He,
like Hull, testified secretly. Com
mitteemen said he had reported that
the destroyer was on convoy duty
when hit by a German torpedo.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 21 (UP).—
Administration demands that Con
gress act quickly to combat unre
stricted German warfare in the At
lantic were strongly implemented
tonight by the torpedoing and sink
ing of two more American-owned
freighters and disclosure that the
U. S. destroyer Kearny was on con
voy duty last Friday when it was
attacked off Iceland.
Secretary of State Cordcll Hull
told the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee considering the House
approved bill to arm American mer
chantmen that Germany is pursuing
a policy of "intimidation and fright
fulness" in the Atlantic. He urged
arming of the cargo boats as a de
fense move before "it is too late."
Elimination of the ship arming ban
from the Neutrality Act and other
changes in the law recommended by
the Administration, he insisted, fall
within this government's "short of
war" policy.
Admiral Harold R. Stark, chief of
naval operations, followed Hull with
a report on the Kearny attack. He,
like Hull, testified secretly. Com
mitteemen said he had reported that
the destroyer was on convoy duty
when hit by a German torpedo.
