# Jazz Band to Play For Toyon Dance
## 
### 
Students will have a chance to
Charleston and Balboa with Happy
Williams and his New Orleans Jazz
Men in Toy on Lounge this Friday
night from J) to 1.
Tickets to the all-campus fiance
will sell for cents a person Thurs
day and Friday in front of the Union
and at the ASSU Office. Toyon men
can get tickets starting Wednesday
from corridor representatives or
from Hal Silvers in room 110.
Students will have a chance to
Charleston and Balboa with Happy
Williams and his New Orleans Jazz
Men in Toy on Lounge this Friday
night from J) to 1.
Tickets to the all-campus fiance
will sell for cents a person Thurs
day and Friday in front of the Union
and at the ASSU Office. Toyon men
can get tickets starting Wednesday
from corridor representatives or
from Hal Silvers in room 110.
Students will have a chance to
Charleston and Balboa with Happy
Williams and his New Orleans Jazz
Men in Toy on Lounge this Friday
night from J) to 1.
Tickets to the all-campus fiance
will sell for cents a person Thurs
day and Friday in front of the Union
and at the ASSU Office. Toyon men
can get tickets starting Wednesday
from corridor representatives or
from Hal Silvers in room 110.
Students will have a chance to
Charleston and Balboa with Happy
Williams and his New Orleans Jazz
Men in Toy on Lounge this Friday
night from J) to 1.
Tickets to the all-campus fiance
will sell for cents a person Thurs
day and Friday in front of the Union
and at the ASSU Office. Toyon men
can get tickets starting Wednesday
from corridor representatives or
from Hal Silvers in room 110.
Students will have a chance to
Charleston and Balboa with Happy
Williams and his New Orleans Jazz
Men in Toy on Lounge this Friday
night from J) to 1.
Tickets to the all-campus fiance
will sell for cents a person Thurs
day and Friday in front of the Union
and at the ASSU Office. Toyon men
can get tickets starting Wednesday
from corridor representatives or
from Hal Silvers in room 110.
Students will have a chance to
Charleston and Balboa with Happy
Williams and his New Orleans Jazz
Men in Toy on Lounge this Friday
night from J) to 1.
Tickets to the all-campus fiance
will sell for cents a person Thurs
day and Friday in front of the Union
and at the ASSU Office. Toyon men
can get tickets starting Wednesday
from corridor representatives or
from Hal Silvers in room 110.
Students will have a chance to
Charleston and Balboa with Happy
Williams and his New Orleans Jazz
Men in Toy on Lounge this Friday
night from J) to 1.
Tickets to the all-campus fiance
will sell for cents a person Thurs
day and Friday in front of the Union
and at the ASSU Office. Toyon men
can get tickets starting Wednesday
from corridor representatives or
from Hal Silvers in room 110.
Students will have a chance to
Charleston and Balboa with Happy
Williams and his New Orleans Jazz
Men in Toy on Lounge this Friday
night from J) to 1.
Tickets to the all-campus fiance
will sell for cents a person Thurs
day and Friday in front of the Union
and at the ASSU Office. Toyon men
can get tickets starting Wednesday
from corridor representatives or
from Hal Silvers in room 110.
Students will have a chance to
Charleston and Balboa with Happy
Williams and his New Orleans Jazz
Men in Toy on Lounge this Friday
night from J) to 1.
Tickets to the all-campus fiance
will sell for cents a person Thurs
day and Friday in front of the Union
and at the ASSU Office. Toyon men
can get tickets starting Wednesday
from corridor representatives or
from Hal Silvers in room 110.
Students will have a chance to
Charleston and Balboa with Happy
Williams and his New Orleans Jazz
Men in Toy on Lounge this Friday
night from J) to 1.
Tickets to the all-campus fiance
will sell for cents a person Thurs
day and Friday in front of the Union
and at the ASSU Office. Toyon men
can get tickets starting Wednesday
from corridor representatives or
from Hal Silvers in room 110.
Students will have a chance to
Charleston and Balboa with Happy
Williams and his New Orleans Jazz
Men in Toy on Lounge this Friday
night from J) to 1.
Tickets to the all-campus fiance
will sell for cents a person Thurs
day and Friday in front of the Union
and at the ASSU Office. Toyon men
can get tickets starting Wednesday
from corridor representatives or
from Hal Silvers in room 110.
Students will have a chance to
Charleston and Balboa with Happy
Williams and his New Orleans Jazz
Men in Toy on Lounge this Friday
night from J) to 1.
Tickets to the all-campus fiance
will sell for cents a person Thurs
day and Friday in front of the Union
and at the ASSU Office. Toyon men
can get tickets starting Wednesday
from corridor representatives or
from Hal Silvers in room 110.
Students will have a chance to
Charleston and Balboa with Happy
Williams and his New Orleans Jazz
Men in Toy on Lounge this Friday
night from J) to 1.
Tickets to the all-campus fiance
will sell for cents a person Thurs
day and Friday in front of the Union
and at the ASSU Office. Toyon men
can get tickets starting Wednesday
from corridor representatives or
from Hal Silvers in room 110.
Students will have a chance to
Charleston and Balboa with Happy
Williams and his New Orleans Jazz
Men in Toy on Lounge this Friday
night from J) to 1.
Tickets to the all-campus fiance
will sell for cents a person Thurs
day and Friday in front of the Union
and at the ASSU Office. Toyon men
can get tickets starting Wednesday
from corridor representatives or
from Hal Silvers in room 110.
