# EUPHRONIA DEBATERS HOLD FIRST MEETING
## 
### 
Euphronia Debating Society held its
first meeting of the quarter last Wed
nesday evening, and judging from the
number of old debaters who were pres
ent there should be no lack of warm
forensic discussion during the year.
The meeting was called to order by
Vice-President A. S. Erickson, '21, who
outlined tiie work of the society and
spoke of the excellent opportunities for
debating honors which the quarter of
fers. M. L. McClintock, veteran de
bater and instructor in extemporaneous
speaking at the University, addressed
the society on the value of debating.
W. L. Leiser, '21, spoke of the Joffre
and Carnot medals, and C. O. Fenlason,
'19, gave a brief history of Euphronia.
A debate was announced for the next
meeting, the subject of which will ap
pear in Monday's paper.
