# Miss Beatrice Roscoe Is Guest at Roble
## 
### 
Miss Beatrice Roscoe of Berkeley
spent the week-end at Roble, where
she was the guest of Miss Lillian
Owen.
Miss Beatrice Roscoe of Berkeley
spent the week-end at Roble, where
she was the guest of Miss Lillian
Owen.
Miss Beatrice Roscoe of Berkeley
spent the week-end at Roble, where
she was the guest of Miss Lillian
Owen.
Miss Beatrice Roscoe of Berkeley
spent the week-end at Roble, where
she was the guest of Miss Lillian
Owen.
Miss Beatrice Roscoe of Berkeley
spent the week-end at Roble, where
she was the guest of Miss Lillian
Owen.
Miss Beatrice Roscoe of Berkeley
spent the week-end at Roble, where
she was the guest of Miss Lillian
Owen.
Miss Beatrice Roscoe of Berkeley
spent the week-end at Roble, where
she was the guest of Miss Lillian
Owen.
Miss Beatrice Roscoe of Berkeley
spent the week-end at Roble, where
she was the guest of Miss Lillian
Owen.
Miss Beatrice Roscoe of Berkeley
spent the week-end at Roble, where
she was the guest of Miss Lillian
Owen.
Miss Beatrice Roscoe of Berkeley
spent the week-end at Roble, where
she was the guest of Miss Lillian
Owen.
Miss Beatrice Roscoe of Berkeley
spent the week-end at Roble, where
she was the guest of Miss Lillian
Owen.
Miss Beatrice Roscoe of Berkeley
spent the week-end at Roble, where
she was the guest of Miss Lillian
Owen.
Miss Beatrice Roscoe of Berkeley
spent the week-end at Roble, where
she was the guest of Miss Lillian
Owen.
