# Untitled Article
## 
### 
C.B. "Stub" Raitt, '03, former Var
sity quarterback is on the campus for
a few days. Raitt is now superinten
dent of the Los Angeles Playgrounds.
C.B. "Stub" Raitt, '03, former Var
sity quarterback is on the campus for
a few days. Raitt is now superinten
dent of the Los Angeles Playgrounds.
C.B. "Stub" Raitt, '03, former Var
sity quarterback is on the campus for
a few days. Raitt is now superinten
dent of the Los Angeles Playgrounds.
C.B. "Stub" Raitt, '03, former Var
sity quarterback is on the campus for
a few days. Raitt is now superinten
dent of the Los Angeles Playgrounds.
C.B. "Stub" Raitt, '03, former Var
sity quarterback is on the campus for
a few days. Raitt is now superinten
dent of the Los Angeles Playgrounds.
C.B. "Stub" Raitt, '03, former Var
sity quarterback is on the campus for
a few days. Raitt is now superinten
dent of the Los Angeles Playgrounds.
C.B. "Stub" Raitt, '03, former Var
sity quarterback is on the campus for
a few days. Raitt is now superinten
dent of the Los Angeles Playgrounds.
C.B. "Stub" Raitt, '03, former Var
sity quarterback is on the campus for
a few days. Raitt is now superinten
dent of the Los Angeles Playgrounds.
C.B. "Stub" Raitt, '03, former Var
sity quarterback is on the campus for
a few days. Raitt is now superinten
dent of the Los Angeles Playgrounds.
C.B. "Stub" Raitt, '03, former Var
sity quarterback is on the campus for
a few days. Raitt is now superinten
dent of the Los Angeles Playgrounds.
C.B. "Stub" Raitt, '03, former Var
sity quarterback is on the campus for
a few days. Raitt is now superinten
dent of the Los Angeles Playgrounds.
C.B. "Stub" Raitt, '03, former Var
sity quarterback is on the campus for
a few days. Raitt is now superinten
dent of the Los Angeles Playgrounds.
C.B. "Stub" Raitt, '03, former Var
sity quarterback is on the campus for
a few days. Raitt is now superinten
dent of the Los Angeles Playgrounds.
C.B. "Stub" Raitt, '03, former Var
sity quarterback is on the campus for
a few days. Raitt is now superinten
dent of the Los Angeles Playgrounds.
