# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Wisconsin heads the conference bas
ketball standing with 1000 per cent.
Wisconsin heads the conference bas
ketball standing with 1000 per cent.
Wisconsin heads the conference bas
ketball standing with 1000 per cent.
Wisconsin heads the conference bas
ketball standing with 1000 per cent.
Wisconsin heads the conference bas
ketball standing with 1000 per cent.
Wisconsin heads the conference bas
ketball standing with 1000 per cent.
Wisconsin heads the conference bas
ketball standing with 1000 per cent.
Wisconsin heads the conference bas
ketball standing with 1000 per cent.
Wisconsin heads the conference bas
ketball standing with 1000 per cent.
Wisconsin heads the conference bas
ketball standing with 1000 per cent.
Wisconsin heads the conference bas
ketball standing with 1000 per cent.
Wisconsin heads the conference bas
ketball standing with 1000 per cent.
Wisconsin heads the conference bas
ketball standing with 1000 per cent.
Wisconsin heads the conference bas
ketball standing with 1000 per cent.
