# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At the University of Nebraska men
taking military may substitute chorus
work.
At the University of Nebraska men
taking military may substitute chorus
work.
At the University of Nebraska men
taking military may substitute chorus
work.
At the University of Nebraska men
taking military may substitute chorus
work.
At the University of Nebraska men
taking military may substitute chorus
work.
At the University of Nebraska men
taking military may substitute chorus
work.
At the University of Nebraska men
taking military may substitute chorus
work.
At the University of Nebraska men
taking military may substitute chorus
work.
At the University of Nebraska men
taking military may substitute chorus
work.
At the University of Nebraska men
taking military may substitute chorus
work.
At the University of Nebraska men
taking military may substitute chorus
work.
At the University of Nebraska men
taking military may substitute chorus
work.
At the University of Nebraska men
taking military may substitute chorus
work.
At the University of Nebraska men
taking military may substitute chorus
work.
