# RUGBY INFORMAL TO COME TOMORROW NIGHT
## 
### 
An informal rugby dance will bo
held at Encina Hall Saturday evening
following the game with California.
Something new in music will be fur
nished by a professional orchestra
which has not appeared at any previ
ous campus dances.
The affair will be semi-jolly-up, a
reversion to the old Victory dances
formerly held at Encina gymnasium.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax. Ladies will be admitted free.
An informal rugby dance will bo
held at Encina Hall Saturday evening
following the game with California.
Something new in music will be fur
nished by a professional orchestra
which has not appeared at any previ
ous campus dances.
The affair will be semi-jolly-up, a
reversion to the old Victory dances
formerly held at Encina gymnasium.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax. Ladies will be admitted free.
An informal rugby dance will bo
held at Encina Hall Saturday evening
following the game with California.
Something new in music will be fur
nished by a professional orchestra
which has not appeared at any previ
ous campus dances.
The affair will be semi-jolly-up, a
reversion to the old Victory dances
formerly held at Encina gymnasium.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax. Ladies will be admitted free.
An informal rugby dance will bo
held at Encina Hall Saturday evening
following the game with California.
Something new in music will be fur
nished by a professional orchestra
which has not appeared at any previ
ous campus dances.
The affair will be semi-jolly-up, a
reversion to the old Victory dances
formerly held at Encina gymnasium.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax. Ladies will be admitted free.
An informal rugby dance will bo
held at Encina Hall Saturday evening
following the game with California.
Something new in music will be fur
nished by a professional orchestra
which has not appeared at any previ
ous campus dances.
The affair will be semi-jolly-up, a
reversion to the old Victory dances
formerly held at Encina gymnasium.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax. Ladies will be admitted free.
An informal rugby dance will bo
held at Encina Hall Saturday evening
following the game with California.
Something new in music will be fur
nished by a professional orchestra
which has not appeared at any previ
ous campus dances.
The affair will be semi-jolly-up, a
reversion to the old Victory dances
formerly held at Encina gymnasium.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax. Ladies will be admitted free.
An informal rugby dance will bo
held at Encina Hall Saturday evening
following the game with California.
Something new in music will be fur
nished by a professional orchestra
which has not appeared at any previ
ous campus dances.
The affair will be semi-jolly-up, a
reversion to the old Victory dances
formerly held at Encina gymnasium.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax. Ladies will be admitted free.
An informal rugby dance will bo
held at Encina Hall Saturday evening
following the game with California.
Something new in music will be fur
nished by a professional orchestra
which has not appeared at any previ
ous campus dances.
The affair will be semi-jolly-up, a
reversion to the old Victory dances
formerly held at Encina gymnasium.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax. Ladies will be admitted free.
An informal rugby dance will bo
held at Encina Hall Saturday evening
following the game with California.
Something new in music will be fur
nished by a professional orchestra
which has not appeared at any previ
ous campus dances.
The affair will be semi-jolly-up, a
reversion to the old Victory dances
formerly held at Encina gymnasium.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax. Ladies will be admitted free.
An informal rugby dance will bo
held at Encina Hall Saturday evening
following the game with California.
Something new in music will be fur
nished by a professional orchestra
which has not appeared at any previ
ous campus dances.
The affair will be semi-jolly-up, a
reversion to the old Victory dances
formerly held at Encina gymnasium.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax. Ladies will be admitted free.
An informal rugby dance will bo
held at Encina Hall Saturday evening
following the game with California.
Something new in music will be fur
nished by a professional orchestra
which has not appeared at any previ
ous campus dances.
The affair will be semi-jolly-up, a
reversion to the old Victory dances
formerly held at Encina gymnasium.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax. Ladies will be admitted free.
An informal rugby dance will bo
held at Encina Hall Saturday evening
following the game with California.
Something new in music will be fur
nished by a professional orchestra
which has not appeared at any previ
ous campus dances.
The affair will be semi-jolly-up, a
reversion to the old Victory dances
formerly held at Encina gymnasium.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax. Ladies will be admitted free.
An informal rugby dance will bo
held at Encina Hall Saturday evening
following the game with California.
Something new in music will be fur
nished by a professional orchestra
which has not appeared at any previ
ous campus dances.
The affair will be semi-jolly-up, a
reversion to the old Victory dances
formerly held at Encina gymnasium.
Admission will be 50 cents, plus war
tax. Ladies will be admitted free.
