# Indian Art Festival
## 
### 
Art, dances, a film, and music
will be featured in an American
Indian Arts Festival at the
Unitarian Church this weekend.
The festival will begin with an
art exhibit, opening Friday at 8
p.m. It will include traditional
artifacts and contemporary
paintings, carvings, and mobiles
by American Indian artists and
craftsmen. These works have
appeared in group shows of the
American Indian Artists, Inc. of
the Bay Area for the past few
years.
Representatives of Southwest,
Northwest, and Plains tribal
groups will present Indian dances
Saturday at 3:30 p.m.

A film, "Ishi" will be shown
8:30 Friday night and 1:30
Saturday.
George Woodard, chairman of
the Santa Clara County Indian
Council will speak at the 9 and 11
a.m. Sunday church services, on
"The American Indian, Past and
Present, and Hopes for the
Future." For the past six years,
Mr. Woodard has assisted many
San Jose families in their
adjustment from reservation
living.
Also on Sunday morning, Tom
Hampson of Stanford will present
tribal music at 9:45, and the
Senior Choir will perform a
recitative at 1 1.
Art, dances, a film, and music
will be featured in an American
Indian Arts Festival at the
Unitarian Church this weekend.
The festival will begin with an
art exhibit, opening Friday at 8
p.m. It will include traditional
artifacts and contemporary
paintings, carvings, and mobiles
by American Indian artists and
craftsmen. These works have
appeared in group shows of the
American Indian Artists, Inc. of
the Bay Area for the past few
years.
Representatives of Southwest,
Northwest, and Plains tribal
groups will present Indian dances
Saturday at 3:30 p.m.

A film, "Ishi" will be shown
8:30 Friday night and 1:30
Saturday.
George Woodard, chairman of
the Santa Clara County Indian
Council will speak at the 9 and 11
a.m. Sunday church services, on
"The American Indian, Past and
Present, and Hopes for the
Future." For the past six years,
Mr. Woodard has assisted many
San Jose families in their
adjustment from reservation
living.
Also on Sunday morning, Tom
Hampson of Stanford will present
tribal music at 9:45, and the
Senior Choir will perform a
recitative at 1 1.
Art, dances, a film, and music
will be featured in an American
Indian Arts Festival at the
Unitarian Church this weekend.
The festival will begin with an
art exhibit, opening Friday at 8
p.m. It will include traditional
artifacts and contemporary
paintings, carvings, and mobiles
by American Indian artists and
craftsmen. These works have
appeared in group shows of the
American Indian Artists, Inc. of
the Bay Area for the past few
years.
Representatives of Southwest,
Northwest, and Plains tribal
groups will present Indian dances
Saturday at 3:30 p.m.

A film, "Ishi" will be shown
8:30 Friday night and 1:30
Saturday.
George Woodard, chairman of
the Santa Clara County Indian
Council will speak at the 9 and 11
a.m. Sunday church services, on
"The American Indian, Past and
Present, and Hopes for the
Future." For the past six years,
Mr. Woodard has assisted many
San Jose families in their
adjustment from reservation
living.
Also on Sunday morning, Tom
Hampson of Stanford will present
tribal music at 9:45, and the
Senior Choir will perform a
recitative at 1 1.
Art, dances, a film, and music
will be featured in an American
Indian Arts Festival at the
Unitarian Church this weekend.
The festival will begin with an
art exhibit, opening Friday at 8
p.m. It will include traditional
artifacts and contemporary
paintings, carvings, and mobiles
by American Indian artists and
craftsmen. These works have
appeared in group shows of the
American Indian Artists, Inc. of
the Bay Area for the past few
years.
Representatives of Southwest,
Northwest, and Plains tribal
groups will present Indian dances
Saturday at 3:30 p.m.

A film, "Ishi" will be shown
8:30 Friday night and 1:30
Saturday.
George Woodard, chairman of
the Santa Clara County Indian
Council will speak at the 9 and 11
a.m. Sunday church services, on
"The American Indian, Past and
Present, and Hopes for the
Future." For the past six years,
Mr. Woodard has assisted many
San Jose families in their
adjustment from reservation
living.
Also on Sunday morning, Tom
Hampson of Stanford will present
tribal music at 9:45, and the
Senior Choir will perform a
recitative at 1 1.
Art, dances, a film, and music
will be featured in an American
Indian Arts Festival at the
Unitarian Church this weekend.
The festival will begin with an
art exhibit, opening Friday at 8
p.m. It will include traditional
artifacts and contemporary
paintings, carvings, and mobiles
by American Indian artists and
craftsmen. These works have
appeared in group shows of the
American Indian Artists, Inc. of
the Bay Area for the past few
years.
Representatives of Southwest,
Northwest, and Plains tribal
groups will present Indian dances
Saturday at 3:30 p.m.

A film, "Ishi" will be shown
8:30 Friday night and 1:30
Saturday.
George Woodard, chairman of
the Santa Clara County Indian
Council will speak at the 9 and 11
a.m. Sunday church services, on
"The American Indian, Past and
Present, and Hopes for the
Future." For the past six years,
Mr. Woodard has assisted many
San Jose families in their
adjustment from reservation
living.
Also on Sunday morning, Tom
Hampson of Stanford will present
tribal music at 9:45, and the
Senior Choir will perform a
recitative at 1 1.
Art, dances, a film, and music
will be featured in an American
Indian Arts Festival at the
Unitarian Church this weekend.
The festival will begin with an
art exhibit, opening Friday at 8
p.m. It will include traditional
artifacts and contemporary
paintings, carvings, and mobiles
by American Indian artists and
craftsmen. These works have
appeared in group shows of the
American Indian Artists, Inc. of
the Bay Area for the past few
years.
Representatives of Southwest,
Northwest, and Plains tribal
groups will present Indian dances
Saturday at 3:30 p.m.

A film, "Ishi" will be shown
8:30 Friday night and 1:30
Saturday.
George Woodard, chairman of
the Santa Clara County Indian
Council will speak at the 9 and 11
a.m. Sunday church services, on
"The American Indian, Past and
Present, and Hopes for the
Future." For the past six years,
Mr. Woodard has assisted many
San Jose families in their
adjustment from reservation
living.
Also on Sunday morning, Tom
Hampson of Stanford will present
tribal music at 9:45, and the
Senior Choir will perform a
recitative at 1 1.
Art, dances, a film, and music
will be featured in an American
Indian Arts Festival at the
Unitarian Church this weekend.
The festival will begin with an
art exhibit, opening Friday at 8
p.m. It will include traditional
artifacts and contemporary
paintings, carvings, and mobiles
by American Indian artists and
craftsmen. These works have
appeared in group shows of the
American Indian Artists, Inc. of
the Bay Area for the past few
years.
Representatives of Southwest,
Northwest, and Plains tribal
groups will present Indian dances
Saturday at 3:30 p.m.

A film, "Ishi" will be shown
8:30 Friday night and 1:30
Saturday.
George Woodard, chairman of
the Santa Clara County Indian
Council will speak at the 9 and 11
a.m. Sunday church services, on
"The American Indian, Past and
Present, and Hopes for the
Future." For the past six years,
Mr. Woodard has assisted many
San Jose families in their
adjustment from reservation
living.
Also on Sunday morning, Tom
Hampson of Stanford will present
tribal music at 9:45, and the
Senior Choir will perform a
recitative at 1 1.
Art, dances, a film, and music
will be featured in an American
Indian Arts Festival at the
Unitarian Church this weekend.
The festival will begin with an
art exhibit, opening Friday at 8
p.m. It will include traditional
artifacts and contemporary
paintings, carvings, and mobiles
by American Indian artists and
craftsmen. These works have
appeared in group shows of the
American Indian Artists, Inc. of
the Bay Area for the past few
years.
Representatives of Southwest,
Northwest, and Plains tribal
groups will present Indian dances
Saturday at 3:30 p.m.

A film, "Ishi" will be shown
8:30 Friday night and 1:30
Saturday.
George Woodard, chairman of
the Santa Clara County Indian
Council will speak at the 9 and 11
a.m. Sunday church services, on
"The American Indian, Past and
Present, and Hopes for the
Future." For the past six years,
Mr. Woodard has assisted many
San Jose families in their
adjustment from reservation
living.
Also on Sunday morning, Tom
Hampson of Stanford will present
tribal music at 9:45, and the
Senior Choir will perform a
recitative at 1 1.
Art, dances, a film, and music
will be featured in an American
Indian Arts Festival at the
Unitarian Church this weekend.
The festival will begin with an
art exhibit, opening Friday at 8
p.m. It will include traditional
artifacts and contemporary
paintings, carvings, and mobiles
by American Indian artists and
craftsmen. These works have
appeared in group shows of the
American Indian Artists, Inc. of
the Bay Area for the past few
years.
Representatives of Southwest,
Northwest, and Plains tribal
groups will present Indian dances
Saturday at 3:30 p.m.

A film, "Ishi" will be shown
8:30 Friday night and 1:30
Saturday.
George Woodard, chairman of
the Santa Clara County Indian
Council will speak at the 9 and 11
a.m. Sunday church services, on
"The American Indian, Past and
Present, and Hopes for the
Future." For the past six years,
Mr. Woodard has assisted many
San Jose families in their
adjustment from reservation
living.
Also on Sunday morning, Tom
Hampson of Stanford will present
tribal music at 9:45, and the
Senior Choir will perform a
recitative at 1 1.
Art, dances, a film, and music
will be featured in an American
Indian Arts Festival at the
Unitarian Church this weekend.
The festival will begin with an
art exhibit, opening Friday at 8
p.m. It will include traditional
artifacts and contemporary
paintings, carvings, and mobiles
by American Indian artists and
craftsmen. These works have
appeared in group shows of the
American Indian Artists, Inc. of
the Bay Area for the past few
years.
Representatives of Southwest,
Northwest, and Plains tribal
groups will present Indian dances
Saturday at 3:30 p.m.

A film, "Ishi" will be shown
8:30 Friday night and 1:30
Saturday.
George Woodard, chairman of
the Santa Clara County Indian
Council will speak at the 9 and 11
a.m. Sunday church services, on
"The American Indian, Past and
Present, and Hopes for the
Future." For the past six years,
Mr. Woodard has assisted many
San Jose families in their
adjustment from reservation
living.
Also on Sunday morning, Tom
Hampson of Stanford will present
tribal music at 9:45, and the
Senior Choir will perform a
recitative at 1 1.
Art, dances, a film, and music
will be featured in an American
Indian Arts Festival at the
Unitarian Church this weekend.
The festival will begin with an
art exhibit, opening Friday at 8
p.m. It will include traditional
artifacts and contemporary
paintings, carvings, and mobiles
by American Indian artists and
craftsmen. These works have
appeared in group shows of the
American Indian Artists, Inc. of
the Bay Area for the past few
years.
Representatives of Southwest,
Northwest, and Plains tribal
groups will present Indian dances
Saturday at 3:30 p.m.

A film, "Ishi" will be shown
8:30 Friday night and 1:30
Saturday.
George Woodard, chairman of
the Santa Clara County Indian
Council will speak at the 9 and 11
a.m. Sunday church services, on
"The American Indian, Past and
Present, and Hopes for the
Future." For the past six years,
Mr. Woodard has assisted many
San Jose families in their
adjustment from reservation
living.
Also on Sunday morning, Tom
Hampson of Stanford will present
tribal music at 9:45, and the
Senior Choir will perform a
recitative at 1 1.
Art, dances, a film, and music
will be featured in an American
Indian Arts Festival at the
Unitarian Church this weekend.
The festival will begin with an
art exhibit, opening Friday at 8
p.m. It will include traditional
artifacts and contemporary
paintings, carvings, and mobiles
by American Indian artists and
craftsmen. These works have
appeared in group shows of the
American Indian Artists, Inc. of
the Bay Area for the past few
years.
Representatives of Southwest,
Northwest, and Plains tribal
groups will present Indian dances
Saturday at 3:30 p.m.

A film, "Ishi" will be shown
8:30 Friday night and 1:30
Saturday.
George Woodard, chairman of
the Santa Clara County Indian
Council will speak at the 9 and 11
a.m. Sunday church services, on
"The American Indian, Past and
Present, and Hopes for the
Future." For the past six years,
Mr. Woodard has assisted many
San Jose families in their
adjustment from reservation
living.
Also on Sunday morning, Tom
Hampson of Stanford will present
tribal music at 9:45, and the
Senior Choir will perform a
recitative at 1 1.
Art, dances, a film, and music
will be featured in an American
Indian Arts Festival at the
Unitarian Church this weekend.
The festival will begin with an
art exhibit, opening Friday at 8
p.m. It will include traditional
artifacts and contemporary
paintings, carvings, and mobiles
by American Indian artists and
craftsmen. These works have
appeared in group shows of the
American Indian Artists, Inc. of
the Bay Area for the past few
years.
Representatives of Southwest,
Northwest, and Plains tribal
groups will present Indian dances
Saturday at 3:30 p.m.

A film, "Ishi" will be shown
8:30 Friday night and 1:30
Saturday.
George Woodard, chairman of
the Santa Clara County Indian
Council will speak at the 9 and 11
a.m. Sunday church services, on
"The American Indian, Past and
Present, and Hopes for the
Future." For the past six years,
Mr. Woodard has assisted many
San Jose families in their
adjustment from reservation
living.
Also on Sunday morning, Tom
Hampson of Stanford will present
tribal music at 9:45, and the
Senior Choir will perform a
recitative at 1 1.
Art, dances, a film, and music
will be featured in an American
Indian Arts Festival at the
Unitarian Church this weekend.
The festival will begin with an
art exhibit, opening Friday at 8
p.m. It will include traditional
artifacts and contemporary
paintings, carvings, and mobiles
by American Indian artists and
craftsmen. These works have
appeared in group shows of the
American Indian Artists, Inc. of
the Bay Area for the past few
years.
Representatives of Southwest,
Northwest, and Plains tribal
groups will present Indian dances
Saturday at 3:30 p.m.

A film, "Ishi" will be shown
8:30 Friday night and 1:30
Saturday.
George Woodard, chairman of
the Santa Clara County Indian
Council will speak at the 9 and 11
a.m. Sunday church services, on
"The American Indian, Past and
Present, and Hopes for the
Future." For the past six years,
Mr. Woodard has assisted many
San Jose families in their
adjustment from reservation
living.
Also on Sunday morning, Tom
Hampson of Stanford will present
tribal music at 9:45, and the
Senior Choir will perform a
recitative at 1 1.
