# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
* **
■ IB
Some prideful |g
chaps prefer to
wear their Cant
B slip-on oxford B
H shirts inside out so
jg| the label shows.
You may be the
® conservative type
0 and prefer to let S3
a crooked little
g smile reveal you're
m wearing a Cant.
"■ In navy, white,
® light blue or linen
B for $5.95. @
1 B
W™;
* **
■ IB
Some prideful |g
chaps prefer to
wear their Cant
B slip-on oxford B
H shirts inside out so
jg| the label shows.
You may be the
® conservative type
0 and prefer to let S3
a crooked little
g smile reveal you're
m wearing a Cant.
"■ In navy, white,
® light blue or linen
B for $5.95. @
1 B
W™;
* **
■ IB
Some prideful |g
chaps prefer to
wear their Cant
B slip-on oxford B
H shirts inside out so
jg| the label shows.
You may be the
® conservative type
0 and prefer to let S3
a crooked little
g smile reveal you're
m wearing a Cant.
"■ In navy, white,
® light blue or linen
B for $5.95. @
1 B
W™;
* **
■ IB
Some prideful |g
chaps prefer to
wear their Cant
B slip-on oxford B
H shirts inside out so
jg| the label shows.
You may be the
® conservative type
0 and prefer to let S3
a crooked little
g smile reveal you're
m wearing a Cant.
"■ In navy, white,
® light blue or linen
B for $5.95. @
1 B
W™;
* **
■ IB
Some prideful |g
chaps prefer to
wear their Cant
B slip-on oxford B
H shirts inside out so
jg| the label shows.
You may be the
® conservative type
0 and prefer to let S3
a crooked little
g smile reveal you're
m wearing a Cant.
"■ In navy, white,
® light blue or linen
B for $5.95. @
1 B
W™;
* **
■ IB
Some prideful |g
chaps prefer to
wear their Cant
B slip-on oxford B
H shirts inside out so
jg| the label shows.
You may be the
® conservative type
0 and prefer to let S3
a crooked little
g smile reveal you're
m wearing a Cant.
"■ In navy, white,
® light blue or linen
B for $5.95. @
1 B
W™;
* **
■ IB
Some prideful |g
chaps prefer to
wear their Cant
B slip-on oxford B
H shirts inside out so
jg| the label shows.
You may be the
® conservative type
0 and prefer to let S3
a crooked little
g smile reveal you're
m wearing a Cant.
"■ In navy, white,
® light blue or linen
B for $5.95. @
1 B
W™;
* **
■ IB
Some prideful |g
chaps prefer to
wear their Cant
B slip-on oxford B
H shirts inside out so
jg| the label shows.
You may be the
® conservative type
0 and prefer to let S3
a crooked little
g smile reveal you're
m wearing a Cant.
"■ In navy, white,
® light blue or linen
B for $5.95. @
1 B
W™;
* **
■ IB
Some prideful |g
chaps prefer to
wear their Cant
B slip-on oxford B
H shirts inside out so
jg| the label shows.
You may be the
® conservative type
0 and prefer to let S3
a crooked little
g smile reveal you're
m wearing a Cant.
"■ In navy, white,
® light blue or linen
B for $5.95. @
1 B
W™;
* **
■ IB
Some prideful |g
chaps prefer to
wear their Cant
B slip-on oxford B
H shirts inside out so
jg| the label shows.
You may be the
® conservative type
0 and prefer to let S3
a crooked little
g smile reveal you're
m wearing a Cant.
"■ In navy, white,
® light blue or linen
B for $5.95. @
1 B
W™;
* **
■ IB
Some prideful |g
chaps prefer to
wear their Cant
B slip-on oxford B
H shirts inside out so
jg| the label shows.
You may be the
® conservative type
0 and prefer to let S3
a crooked little
g smile reveal you're
m wearing a Cant.
"■ In navy, white,
® light blue or linen
B for $5.95. @
1 B
W™;
* **
■ IB
Some prideful |g
chaps prefer to
wear their Cant
B slip-on oxford B
H shirts inside out so
jg| the label shows.
You may be the
® conservative type
0 and prefer to let S3
a crooked little
g smile reveal you're
m wearing a Cant.
"■ In navy, white,
® light blue or linen
B for $5.95. @
1 B
W™;
* **
■ IB
Some prideful |g
chaps prefer to
wear their Cant
B slip-on oxford B
H shirts inside out so
jg| the label shows.
You may be the
® conservative type
0 and prefer to let S3
a crooked little
g smile reveal you're
m wearing a Cant.
"■ In navy, white,
® light blue or linen
B for $5.95. @
1 B
W™;
* **
■ IB
Some prideful |g
chaps prefer to
wear their Cant
B slip-on oxford B
H shirts inside out so
jg| the label shows.
You may be the
® conservative type
0 and prefer to let S3
a crooked little
g smile reveal you're
m wearing a Cant.
"■ In navy, white,
® light blue or linen
B for $5.95. @
1 B
W™;
* **
■ IB
Some prideful |g
chaps prefer to
wear their Cant
B slip-on oxford B
H shirts inside out so
jg| the label shows.
You may be the
® conservative type
0 and prefer to let S3
a crooked little
g smile reveal you're
m wearing a Cant.
"■ In navy, white,
® light blue or linen
B for $5.95. @
1 B
W™;
* **
■ IB
Some prideful |g
chaps prefer to
wear their Cant
B slip-on oxford B
H shirts inside out so
jg| the label shows.
You may be the
® conservative type
0 and prefer to let S3
a crooked little
g smile reveal you're
m wearing a Cant.
"■ In navy, white,
® light blue or linen
B for $5.95. @
1 B
W™;
* **
■ IB
Some prideful |g
chaps prefer to
wear their Cant
B slip-on oxford B
H shirts inside out so
jg| the label shows.
You may be the
® conservative type
0 and prefer to let S3
a crooked little
g smile reveal you're
m wearing a Cant.
"■ In navy, white,
® light blue or linen
B for $5.95. @
1 B
W™;
* **
■ IB
Some prideful |g
chaps prefer to
wear their Cant
B slip-on oxford B
H shirts inside out so
jg| the label shows.
You may be the
® conservative type
0 and prefer to let S3
a crooked little
g smile reveal you're
m wearing a Cant.
"■ In navy, white,
® light blue or linen
B for $5.95. @
1 B
W™;
