# Adv. 15 Page 3
## 
### 
METHODIST
MINGLERS
For single, young adults,
post college age
You are invited for dinner
& fellowship
at the
FIRST METHODIST
CHURCH
Webster & Hamilton
Palo Alto
cost: $1.25
time: any Tuesday
night at 6:30
VARIED PROCRAMS &
ACTIVITIES FOLLOW
THE DINNER
METHODIST
MINGLERS
For single, young adults,
post college age
You are invited for dinner
& fellowship
at the
FIRST METHODIST
CHURCH
Webster & Hamilton
Palo Alto
cost: $1.25
time: any Tuesday
night at 6:30
VARIED PROCRAMS &
ACTIVITIES FOLLOW
THE DINNER
METHODIST
MINGLERS
For single, young adults,
post college age
You are invited for dinner
& fellowship
at the
FIRST METHODIST
CHURCH
Webster & Hamilton
Palo Alto
cost: $1.25
time: any Tuesday
night at 6:30
VARIED PROCRAMS &
ACTIVITIES FOLLOW
THE DINNER
METHODIST
MINGLERS
For single, young adults,
post college age
You are invited for dinner
& fellowship
at the
FIRST METHODIST
CHURCH
Webster & Hamilton
Palo Alto
cost: $1.25
time: any Tuesday
night at 6:30
VARIED PROCRAMS &
ACTIVITIES FOLLOW
THE DINNER
METHODIST
MINGLERS
For single, young adults,
post college age
You are invited for dinner
& fellowship
at the
FIRST METHODIST
CHURCH
Webster & Hamilton
Palo Alto
cost: $1.25
time: any Tuesday
night at 6:30
VARIED PROCRAMS &
ACTIVITIES FOLLOW
THE DINNER
METHODIST
MINGLERS
For single, young adults,
post college age
You are invited for dinner
& fellowship
at the
FIRST METHODIST
CHURCH
Webster & Hamilton
Palo Alto
cost: $1.25
time: any Tuesday
night at 6:30
VARIED PROCRAMS &
ACTIVITIES FOLLOW
THE DINNER
METHODIST
MINGLERS
For single, young adults,
post college age
You are invited for dinner
& fellowship
at the
FIRST METHODIST
CHURCH
Webster & Hamilton
Palo Alto
cost: $1.25
time: any Tuesday
night at 6:30
VARIED PROCRAMS &
ACTIVITIES FOLLOW
THE DINNER
METHODIST
MINGLERS
For single, young adults,
post college age
You are invited for dinner
& fellowship
at the
FIRST METHODIST
CHURCH
Webster & Hamilton
Palo Alto
cost: $1.25
time: any Tuesday
night at 6:30
VARIED PROCRAMS &
ACTIVITIES FOLLOW
THE DINNER
METHODIST
MINGLERS
For single, young adults,
post college age
You are invited for dinner
& fellowship
at the
FIRST METHODIST
CHURCH
Webster & Hamilton
Palo Alto
cost: $1.25
time: any Tuesday
night at 6:30
VARIED PROCRAMS &
ACTIVITIES FOLLOW
THE DINNER
METHODIST
MINGLERS
For single, young adults,
post college age
You are invited for dinner
& fellowship
at the
FIRST METHODIST
CHURCH
Webster & Hamilton
Palo Alto
cost: $1.25
time: any Tuesday
night at 6:30
VARIED PROCRAMS &
ACTIVITIES FOLLOW
THE DINNER
METHODIST
MINGLERS
For single, young adults,
post college age
You are invited for dinner
& fellowship
at the
FIRST METHODIST
CHURCH
Webster & Hamilton
Palo Alto
cost: $1.25
time: any Tuesday
night at 6:30
VARIED PROCRAMS &
ACTIVITIES FOLLOW
THE DINNER
METHODIST
MINGLERS
For single, young adults,
post college age
You are invited for dinner
& fellowship
at the
FIRST METHODIST
CHURCH
Webster & Hamilton
Palo Alto
cost: $1.25
time: any Tuesday
night at 6:30
VARIED PROCRAMS &
ACTIVITIES FOLLOW
THE DINNER
METHODIST
MINGLERS
For single, young adults,
post college age
You are invited for dinner
& fellowship
at the
FIRST METHODIST
CHURCH
Webster & Hamilton
Palo Alto
cost: $1.25
time: any Tuesday
night at 6:30
VARIED PROCRAMS &
ACTIVITIES FOLLOW
THE DINNER
METHODIST
MINGLERS
For single, young adults,
post college age
You are invited for dinner
& fellowship
at the
FIRST METHODIST
CHURCH
Webster & Hamilton
Palo Alto
cost: $1.25
time: any Tuesday
night at 6:30
VARIED PROCRAMS &
ACTIVITIES FOLLOW
THE DINNER
METHODIST
MINGLERS
For single, young adults,
post college age
You are invited for dinner
& fellowship
at the
FIRST METHODIST
CHURCH
Webster & Hamilton
Palo Alto
cost: $1.25
time: any Tuesday
night at 6:30
VARIED PROCRAMS &
ACTIVITIES FOLLOW
THE DINNER
METHODIST
MINGLERS
For single, young adults,
post college age
You are invited for dinner
& fellowship
at the
FIRST METHODIST
CHURCH
Webster & Hamilton
Palo Alto
cost: $1.25
time: any Tuesday
night at 6:30
VARIED PROCRAMS &
ACTIVITIES FOLLOW
THE DINNER
METHODIST
MINGLERS
For single, young adults,
post college age
You are invited for dinner
& fellowship
at the
FIRST METHODIST
CHURCH
Webster & Hamilton
Palo Alto
cost: $1.25
time: any Tuesday
night at 6:30
VARIED PROCRAMS &
ACTIVITIES FOLLOW
THE DINNER
METHODIST
MINGLERS
For single, young adults,
post college age
You are invited for dinner
& fellowship
at the
FIRST METHODIST
CHURCH
Webster & Hamilton
Palo Alto
cost: $1.25
time: any Tuesday
night at 6:30
VARIED PROCRAMS &
ACTIVITIES FOLLOW
THE DINNER
