# Golf Cups Expected Today.
## 
### 
The trophies for the championship
tournaments of the Stanford Golf
Club are expected to arrive today.
Upon their receipt by tlie club they
will be placed on exhibition in the
Business Office. The women's cham
pionship, tourney has been postponed
owing to the pressure of college
events, and will probably be com
menced early next week.
The trophies for the championship
tournaments of the Stanford Golf
Club are expected to arrive today.
Upon their receipt by tlie club they
will be placed on exhibition in the
Business Office. The women's cham
pionship, tourney has been postponed
owing to the pressure of college
events, and will probably be com
menced early next week.
The trophies for the championship
tournaments of the Stanford Golf
Club are expected to arrive today.
Upon their receipt by tlie club they
will be placed on exhibition in the
Business Office. The women's cham
pionship, tourney has been postponed
owing to the pressure of college
events, and will probably be com
menced early next week.
The trophies for the championship
tournaments of the Stanford Golf
Club are expected to arrive today.
Upon their receipt by tlie club they
will be placed on exhibition in the
Business Office. The women's cham
pionship, tourney has been postponed
owing to the pressure of college
events, and will probably be com
menced early next week.
The trophies for the championship
tournaments of the Stanford Golf
Club are expected to arrive today.
Upon their receipt by tlie club they
will be placed on exhibition in the
Business Office. The women's cham
pionship, tourney has been postponed
owing to the pressure of college
events, and will probably be com
menced early next week.
The trophies for the championship
tournaments of the Stanford Golf
Club are expected to arrive today.
Upon their receipt by tlie club they
will be placed on exhibition in the
Business Office. The women's cham
pionship, tourney has been postponed
owing to the pressure of college
events, and will probably be com
menced early next week.
The trophies for the championship
tournaments of the Stanford Golf
Club are expected to arrive today.
Upon their receipt by tlie club they
will be placed on exhibition in the
Business Office. The women's cham
pionship, tourney has been postponed
owing to the pressure of college
events, and will probably be com
menced early next week.
The trophies for the championship
tournaments of the Stanford Golf
Club are expected to arrive today.
Upon their receipt by tlie club they
will be placed on exhibition in the
Business Office. The women's cham
pionship, tourney has been postponed
owing to the pressure of college
events, and will probably be com
menced early next week.
The trophies for the championship
tournaments of the Stanford Golf
Club are expected to arrive today.
Upon their receipt by tlie club they
will be placed on exhibition in the
Business Office. The women's cham
pionship, tourney has been postponed
owing to the pressure of college
events, and will probably be com
menced early next week.
