# Temperance Officers Elected.
## 
### 
At the last meeting of the Temper
ance Study League the following offi
cers were clectcd for next semester:
president, W. O. Stuntz, '07; vice
president, G. C. IT. McPheeters, 10;
secretary, R. M. Holman, '07; treas
urer, Miss B. Gerard, 08. R. C.
Menker, '07, W. O. Stuntz, '07, and G.
C. McPheeters, '10, with H. C. Green,
'08, as alternate, were chosen to rep
resent the League in the debate with
California College, of Oakland, on
December Ist.
At the last meeting of the Temper
ance Study League the following offi
cers were clectcd for next semester:
president, W. O. Stuntz, '07; vice
president, G. C. IT. McPheeters, 10;
secretary, R. M. Holman, '07; treas
urer, Miss B. Gerard, 08. R. C.
Menker, '07, W. O. Stuntz, '07, and G.
C. McPheeters, '10, with H. C. Green,
'08, as alternate, were chosen to rep
resent the League in the debate with
California College, of Oakland, on
December Ist.
At the last meeting of the Temper
ance Study League the following offi
cers were clectcd for next semester:
president, W. O. Stuntz, '07; vice
president, G. C. IT. McPheeters, 10;
secretary, R. M. Holman, '07; treas
urer, Miss B. Gerard, 08. R. C.
Menker, '07, W. O. Stuntz, '07, and G.
C. McPheeters, '10, with H. C. Green,
'08, as alternate, were chosen to rep
resent the League in the debate with
California College, of Oakland, on
December Ist.
At the last meeting of the Temper
ance Study League the following offi
cers were clectcd for next semester:
president, W. O. Stuntz, '07; vice
president, G. C. IT. McPheeters, 10;
secretary, R. M. Holman, '07; treas
urer, Miss B. Gerard, 08. R. C.
Menker, '07, W. O. Stuntz, '07, and G.
C. McPheeters, '10, with H. C. Green,
'08, as alternate, were chosen to rep
resent the League in the debate with
California College, of Oakland, on
December Ist.
At the last meeting of the Temper
ance Study League the following offi
cers were clectcd for next semester:
president, W. O. Stuntz, '07; vice
president, G. C. IT. McPheeters, 10;
secretary, R. M. Holman, '07; treas
urer, Miss B. Gerard, 08. R. C.
Menker, '07, W. O. Stuntz, '07, and G.
C. McPheeters, '10, with H. C. Green,
'08, as alternate, were chosen to rep
resent the League in the debate with
California College, of Oakland, on
December Ist.
At the last meeting of the Temper
ance Study League the following offi
cers were clectcd for next semester:
president, W. O. Stuntz, '07; vice
president, G. C. IT. McPheeters, 10;
secretary, R. M. Holman, '07; treas
urer, Miss B. Gerard, 08. R. C.
Menker, '07, W. O. Stuntz, '07, and G.
C. McPheeters, '10, with H. C. Green,
'08, as alternate, were chosen to rep
resent the League in the debate with
California College, of Oakland, on
December Ist.
At the last meeting of the Temper
ance Study League the following offi
cers were clectcd for next semester:
president, W. O. Stuntz, '07; vice
president, G. C. IT. McPheeters, 10;
secretary, R. M. Holman, '07; treas
urer, Miss B. Gerard, 08. R. C.
Menker, '07, W. O. Stuntz, '07, and G.
C. McPheeters, '10, with H. C. Green,
'08, as alternate, were chosen to rep
resent the League in the debate with
California College, of Oakland, on
December Ist.
At the last meeting of the Temper
ance Study League the following offi
cers were clectcd for next semester:
president, W. O. Stuntz, '07; vice
president, G. C. IT. McPheeters, 10;
secretary, R. M. Holman, '07; treas
urer, Miss B. Gerard, 08. R. C.
Menker, '07, W. O. Stuntz, '07, and G.
C. McPheeters, '10, with H. C. Green,
'08, as alternate, were chosen to rep
resent the League in the debate with
California College, of Oakland, on
December Ist.
At the last meeting of the Temper
ance Study League the following offi
cers were clectcd for next semester:
president, W. O. Stuntz, '07; vice
president, G. C. IT. McPheeters, 10;
secretary, R. M. Holman, '07; treas
urer, Miss B. Gerard, 08. R. C.
Menker, '07, W. O. Stuntz, '07, and G.
C. McPheeters, '10, with H. C. Green,
'08, as alternate, were chosen to rep
resent the League in the debate with
California College, of Oakland, on
December Ist.
