# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Sunday Services—Will be held in
the chapel on November 25th, at 11
o'clock. Rev. T). Charles Gardner
will preach.
Sunday Services—Will be held in
the chapel on November 25th, at 11
o'clock. Rev. T). Charles Gardner
will preach.
Sunday Services—Will be held in
the chapel on November 25th, at 11
o'clock. Rev. T). Charles Gardner
will preach.
Sunday Services—Will be held in
the chapel on November 25th, at 11
o'clock. Rev. T). Charles Gardner
will preach.
Sunday Services—Will be held in
the chapel on November 25th, at 11
o'clock. Rev. T). Charles Gardner
will preach.
Sunday Services—Will be held in
the chapel on November 25th, at 11
o'clock. Rev. T). Charles Gardner
will preach.
Sunday Services—Will be held in
the chapel on November 25th, at 11
o'clock. Rev. T). Charles Gardner
will preach.
Sunday Services—Will be held in
the chapel on November 25th, at 11
o'clock. Rev. T). Charles Gardner
will preach.
Sunday Services—Will be held in
the chapel on November 25th, at 11
o'clock. Rev. T). Charles Gardner
will preach.
