# WHAT'S IN A SLOGAN? ASK THE ARMY OR NAVY
## 
### 
"Bonus, beer, or bust" is the slogan
coined by the enthusiastic boosters
who have started the "bang" rather
than "boom" for Senator Royal S.
Copeland for President. The Soldiers'
and Sailors' Copeland Campaign Com
mittee is responsible for this enthusi
astic outburst.
"Bonus, beer, or bust" is the slogan
coined by the enthusiastic boosters
who have started the "bang" rather
than "boom" for Senator Royal S.
Copeland for President. The Soldiers'
and Sailors' Copeland Campaign Com
mittee is responsible for this enthusi
astic outburst.
"Bonus, beer, or bust" is the slogan
coined by the enthusiastic boosters
who have started the "bang" rather
than "boom" for Senator Royal S.
Copeland for President. The Soldiers'
and Sailors' Copeland Campaign Com
mittee is responsible for this enthusi
astic outburst.
"Bonus, beer, or bust" is the slogan
coined by the enthusiastic boosters
who have started the "bang" rather
than "boom" for Senator Royal S.
Copeland for President. The Soldiers'
and Sailors' Copeland Campaign Com
mittee is responsible for this enthusi
astic outburst.
"Bonus, beer, or bust" is the slogan
coined by the enthusiastic boosters
who have started the "bang" rather
than "boom" for Senator Royal S.
Copeland for President. The Soldiers'
and Sailors' Copeland Campaign Com
mittee is responsible for this enthusi
astic outburst.
"Bonus, beer, or bust" is the slogan
coined by the enthusiastic boosters
who have started the "bang" rather
than "boom" for Senator Royal S.
Copeland for President. The Soldiers'
and Sailors' Copeland Campaign Com
mittee is responsible for this enthusi
astic outburst.
"Bonus, beer, or bust" is the slogan
coined by the enthusiastic boosters
who have started the "bang" rather
than "boom" for Senator Royal S.
Copeland for President. The Soldiers'
and Sailors' Copeland Campaign Com
mittee is responsible for this enthusi
astic outburst.
"Bonus, beer, or bust" is the slogan
coined by the enthusiastic boosters
who have started the "bang" rather
than "boom" for Senator Royal S.
Copeland for President. The Soldiers'
and Sailors' Copeland Campaign Com
mittee is responsible for this enthusi
astic outburst.
"Bonus, beer, or bust" is the slogan
coined by the enthusiastic boosters
who have started the "bang" rather
than "boom" for Senator Royal S.
Copeland for President. The Soldiers'
and Sailors' Copeland Campaign Com
mittee is responsible for this enthusi
astic outburst.
"Bonus, beer, or bust" is the slogan
coined by the enthusiastic boosters
who have started the "bang" rather
than "boom" for Senator Royal S.
Copeland for President. The Soldiers'
and Sailors' Copeland Campaign Com
mittee is responsible for this enthusi
astic outburst.
"Bonus, beer, or bust" is the slogan
coined by the enthusiastic boosters
who have started the "bang" rather
than "boom" for Senator Royal S.
Copeland for President. The Soldiers'
and Sailors' Copeland Campaign Com
mittee is responsible for this enthusi
astic outburst.
"Bonus, beer, or bust" is the slogan
coined by the enthusiastic boosters
who have started the "bang" rather
than "boom" for Senator Royal S.
Copeland for President. The Soldiers'
and Sailors' Copeland Campaign Com
mittee is responsible for this enthusi
astic outburst.
"Bonus, beer, or bust" is the slogan
coined by the enthusiastic boosters
who have started the "bang" rather
than "boom" for Senator Royal S.
Copeland for President. The Soldiers'
and Sailors' Copeland Campaign Com
mittee is responsible for this enthusi
astic outburst.
"Bonus, beer, or bust" is the slogan
coined by the enthusiastic boosters
who have started the "bang" rather
than "boom" for Senator Royal S.
Copeland for President. The Soldiers'
and Sailors' Copeland Campaign Com
mittee is responsible for this enthusi
astic outburst.
"Bonus, beer, or bust" is the slogan
coined by the enthusiastic boosters
who have started the "bang" rather
than "boom" for Senator Royal S.
Copeland for President. The Soldiers'
and Sailors' Copeland Campaign Com
mittee is responsible for this enthusi
astic outburst.
