# Russian Soccer Players May Forfeit Card Game
## 
### 
Forfeiture of the soccer contest
scheduled between tTie Stanford var
sity and the Russian Athletic club of
San Francisco for tomorrow afternoon
is expected as the result of word re
ceived last night from the club.
Inability to get their players together
this late in the season is the reason
given for the forfeiture. In case the
club team should be able to play, var
sity players will be notified tomorrow
morning in time to make the trip to the
citv.
Forfeiture of the soccer contest
scheduled between tTie Stanford var
sity and the Russian Athletic club of
San Francisco for tomorrow afternoon
is expected as the result of word re
ceived last night from the club.
Inability to get their players together
this late in the season is the reason
given for the forfeiture. In case the
club team should be able to play, var
sity players will be notified tomorrow
morning in time to make the trip to the
citv.
Forfeiture of the soccer contest
scheduled between tTie Stanford var
sity and the Russian Athletic club of
San Francisco for tomorrow afternoon
is expected as the result of word re
ceived last night from the club.
Inability to get their players together
this late in the season is the reason
given for the forfeiture. In case the
club team should be able to play, var
sity players will be notified tomorrow
morning in time to make the trip to the
citv.
Forfeiture of the soccer contest
scheduled between tTie Stanford var
sity and the Russian Athletic club of
San Francisco for tomorrow afternoon
is expected as the result of word re
ceived last night from the club.
Inability to get their players together
this late in the season is the reason
given for the forfeiture. In case the
club team should be able to play, var
sity players will be notified tomorrow
morning in time to make the trip to the
citv.
Forfeiture of the soccer contest
scheduled between tTie Stanford var
sity and the Russian Athletic club of
San Francisco for tomorrow afternoon
is expected as the result of word re
ceived last night from the club.
Inability to get their players together
this late in the season is the reason
given for the forfeiture. In case the
club team should be able to play, var
sity players will be notified tomorrow
morning in time to make the trip to the
citv.
Forfeiture of the soccer contest
scheduled between tTie Stanford var
sity and the Russian Athletic club of
San Francisco for tomorrow afternoon
is expected as the result of word re
ceived last night from the club.
Inability to get their players together
this late in the season is the reason
given for the forfeiture. In case the
club team should be able to play, var
sity players will be notified tomorrow
morning in time to make the trip to the
citv.
Forfeiture of the soccer contest
scheduled between tTie Stanford var
sity and the Russian Athletic club of
San Francisco for tomorrow afternoon
is expected as the result of word re
ceived last night from the club.
Inability to get their players together
this late in the season is the reason
given for the forfeiture. In case the
club team should be able to play, var
sity players will be notified tomorrow
morning in time to make the trip to the
citv.
Forfeiture of the soccer contest
scheduled between tTie Stanford var
sity and the Russian Athletic club of
San Francisco for tomorrow afternoon
is expected as the result of word re
ceived last night from the club.
Inability to get their players together
this late in the season is the reason
given for the forfeiture. In case the
club team should be able to play, var
sity players will be notified tomorrow
morning in time to make the trip to the
citv.
Forfeiture of the soccer contest
scheduled between tTie Stanford var
sity and the Russian Athletic club of
San Francisco for tomorrow afternoon
is expected as the result of word re
ceived last night from the club.
Inability to get their players together
this late in the season is the reason
given for the forfeiture. In case the
club team should be able to play, var
sity players will be notified tomorrow
morning in time to make the trip to the
citv.
Forfeiture of the soccer contest
scheduled between tTie Stanford var
sity and the Russian Athletic club of
San Francisco for tomorrow afternoon
is expected as the result of word re
ceived last night from the club.
Inability to get their players together
this late in the season is the reason
given for the forfeiture. In case the
club team should be able to play, var
sity players will be notified tomorrow
morning in time to make the trip to the
citv.
Forfeiture of the soccer contest
scheduled between tTie Stanford var
sity and the Russian Athletic club of
San Francisco for tomorrow afternoon
is expected as the result of word re
ceived last night from the club.
Inability to get their players together
this late in the season is the reason
given for the forfeiture. In case the
club team should be able to play, var
sity players will be notified tomorrow
morning in time to make the trip to the
citv.
Forfeiture of the soccer contest
scheduled between tTie Stanford var
sity and the Russian Athletic club of
San Francisco for tomorrow afternoon
is expected as the result of word re
ceived last night from the club.
Inability to get their players together
this late in the season is the reason
given for the forfeiture. In case the
club team should be able to play, var
sity players will be notified tomorrow
morning in time to make the trip to the
citv.
Forfeiture of the soccer contest
scheduled between tTie Stanford var
sity and the Russian Athletic club of
San Francisco for tomorrow afternoon
is expected as the result of word re
ceived last night from the club.
Inability to get their players together
this late in the season is the reason
given for the forfeiture. In case the
club team should be able to play, var
sity players will be notified tomorrow
morning in time to make the trip to the
citv.
Forfeiture of the soccer contest
scheduled between tTie Stanford var
sity and the Russian Athletic club of
San Francisco for tomorrow afternoon
is expected as the result of word re
ceived last night from the club.
Inability to get their players together
this late in the season is the reason
given for the forfeiture. In case the
club team should be able to play, var
sity players will be notified tomorrow
morning in time to make the trip to the
citv.
Forfeiture of the soccer contest
scheduled between tTie Stanford var
sity and the Russian Athletic club of
San Francisco for tomorrow afternoon
is expected as the result of word re
ceived last night from the club.
Inability to get their players together
this late in the season is the reason
given for the forfeiture. In case the
club team should be able to play, var
sity players will be notified tomorrow
morning in time to make the trip to the
citv.
