# TO HOLD WRESTLING MATCHES ON MONDAY
## Winners of Bouts Will Be Chosen for Meet With California Team 
### 
Next Monday will see the last pre
wrestling tournament of the year,
when the men of all classes and
weights will wrestle for honors in an
elimination workout. The wrestlers
chosen in the meet will compete in the
tournaments with California and other
hay organizations.
There wilj be no discrimination in
the tryoutees in next Monday's meet.
The men chosen in their respective
classes will he picked from the lower
classmen as well as the older team
men. There will be eight weight
(lasses represented in the meet, from
two to three men in each class. Com
petition will be keen, as the men in
the various classes are very equally
matched. Training has continued reg
ularly on the Encina mats for the past
two months .and speedy material has
been developed.
The wrestling team will meet the
Berkeley "Y" at Stanford the early
part or April. Following this tourna
ment, the locals will work over the
Californians, either the last of April
or else on May 3. the day before the
"Rig Meet." Stanford will also sup
port a freshman mat team, which will
in all events compete with the Berke
ley yoarlings.
