# Suspended Freshmen May Register March 31
## 
### 
Ah a result of action taken by Pres
ident Wilbur in individual eases of the
suspended underclassmen most of the
freshmen dismissed last week may
register next quarter. In interviewing
the freshmen, the president has con
ditionally taken the '22 men back for
the coming quarter, providing their
attitude on the parade is such as to
warrant this action.
Ah a result of action taken by Pres
ident Wilbur in individual eases of the
suspended underclassmen most of the
freshmen dismissed last week may
register next quarter. In interviewing
the freshmen, the president has con
ditionally taken the '22 men back for
the coming quarter, providing their
attitude on the parade is such as to
warrant this action.
Ah a result of action taken by Pres
ident Wilbur in individual eases of the
suspended underclassmen most of the
freshmen dismissed last week may
register next quarter. In interviewing
the freshmen, the president has con
ditionally taken the '22 men back for
the coming quarter, providing their
attitude on the parade is such as to
warrant this action.
Ah a result of action taken by Pres
ident Wilbur in individual eases of the
suspended underclassmen most of the
freshmen dismissed last week may
register next quarter. In interviewing
the freshmen, the president has con
ditionally taken the '22 men back for
the coming quarter, providing their
attitude on the parade is such as to
warrant this action.
Ah a result of action taken by Pres
ident Wilbur in individual eases of the
suspended underclassmen most of the
freshmen dismissed last week may
register next quarter. In interviewing
the freshmen, the president has con
ditionally taken the '22 men back for
the coming quarter, providing their
attitude on the parade is such as to
warrant this action.
Ah a result of action taken by Pres
ident Wilbur in individual eases of the
suspended underclassmen most of the
freshmen dismissed last week may
register next quarter. In interviewing
the freshmen, the president has con
ditionally taken the '22 men back for
the coming quarter, providing their
attitude on the parade is such as to
warrant this action.
Ah a result of action taken by Pres
ident Wilbur in individual eases of the
suspended underclassmen most of the
freshmen dismissed last week may
register next quarter. In interviewing
the freshmen, the president has con
ditionally taken the '22 men back for
the coming quarter, providing their
attitude on the parade is such as to
warrant this action.
Ah a result of action taken by Pres
ident Wilbur in individual eases of the
suspended underclassmen most of the
freshmen dismissed last week may
register next quarter. In interviewing
the freshmen, the president has con
ditionally taken the '22 men back for
the coming quarter, providing their
attitude on the parade is such as to
warrant this action.
Ah a result of action taken by Pres
ident Wilbur in individual eases of the
suspended underclassmen most of the
freshmen dismissed last week may
register next quarter. In interviewing
the freshmen, the president has con
ditionally taken the '22 men back for
the coming quarter, providing their
attitude on the parade is such as to
warrant this action.
Ah a result of action taken by Pres
ident Wilbur in individual eases of the
suspended underclassmen most of the
freshmen dismissed last week may
register next quarter. In interviewing
the freshmen, the president has con
ditionally taken the '22 men back for
the coming quarter, providing their
attitude on the parade is such as to
warrant this action.
Ah a result of action taken by Pres
ident Wilbur in individual eases of the
suspended underclassmen most of the
freshmen dismissed last week may
register next quarter. In interviewing
the freshmen, the president has con
ditionally taken the '22 men back for
the coming quarter, providing their
attitude on the parade is such as to
warrant this action.
Ah a result of action taken by Pres
ident Wilbur in individual eases of the
suspended underclassmen most of the
freshmen dismissed last week may
register next quarter. In interviewing
the freshmen, the president has con
ditionally taken the '22 men back for
the coming quarter, providing their
attitude on the parade is such as to
warrant this action.
Ah a result of action taken by Pres
ident Wilbur in individual eases of the
suspended underclassmen most of the
freshmen dismissed last week may
register next quarter. In interviewing
the freshmen, the president has con
ditionally taken the '22 men back for
the coming quarter, providing their
attitude on the parade is such as to
warrant this action.
