# Foreign Worker Will Address Y.W.C.A. at Big Meeting Tomorrow
## 
### 
The Y. W. C. A. has been unusually
fortunate in securing for the meeting
tomorrow afternoon Miss Henrietta
Thompson. Miss Thompson has been
a Y. W. C. A. secretary in Shanghai,
China, having taught physical culture
for the past seven years. She is homo
on a furlough and will address the
regular Thursday afternoon meeting.
Miss Lucille Huff, '19, has arranged
some special music for the occasion.
Miss Irene Bonnet, '19, will lead the
meeting, beginning promptly at 4:15
o'clock.
The Y. W. C. A. has been unusually
fortunate in securing for the meeting
tomorrow afternoon Miss Henrietta
Thompson. Miss Thompson has been
a Y. W. C. A. secretary in Shanghai,
China, having taught physical culture
for the past seven years. She is homo
on a furlough and will address the
regular Thursday afternoon meeting.
Miss Lucille Huff, '19, has arranged
some special music for the occasion.
Miss Irene Bonnet, '19, will lead the
meeting, beginning promptly at 4:15
o'clock.
The Y. W. C. A. has been unusually
fortunate in securing for the meeting
tomorrow afternoon Miss Henrietta
Thompson. Miss Thompson has been
a Y. W. C. A. secretary in Shanghai,
China, having taught physical culture
for the past seven years. She is homo
on a furlough and will address the
regular Thursday afternoon meeting.
Miss Lucille Huff, '19, has arranged
some special music for the occasion.
Miss Irene Bonnet, '19, will lead the
meeting, beginning promptly at 4:15
o'clock.
The Y. W. C. A. has been unusually
fortunate in securing for the meeting
tomorrow afternoon Miss Henrietta
Thompson. Miss Thompson has been
a Y. W. C. A. secretary in Shanghai,
China, having taught physical culture
for the past seven years. She is homo
on a furlough and will address the
regular Thursday afternoon meeting.
Miss Lucille Huff, '19, has arranged
some special music for the occasion.
Miss Irene Bonnet, '19, will lead the
meeting, beginning promptly at 4:15
o'clock.
The Y. W. C. A. has been unusually
fortunate in securing for the meeting
tomorrow afternoon Miss Henrietta
Thompson. Miss Thompson has been
a Y. W. C. A. secretary in Shanghai,
China, having taught physical culture
for the past seven years. She is homo
on a furlough and will address the
regular Thursday afternoon meeting.
Miss Lucille Huff, '19, has arranged
some special music for the occasion.
Miss Irene Bonnet, '19, will lead the
meeting, beginning promptly at 4:15
o'clock.
The Y. W. C. A. has been unusually
fortunate in securing for the meeting
tomorrow afternoon Miss Henrietta
Thompson. Miss Thompson has been
a Y. W. C. A. secretary in Shanghai,
China, having taught physical culture
for the past seven years. She is homo
on a furlough and will address the
regular Thursday afternoon meeting.
Miss Lucille Huff, '19, has arranged
some special music for the occasion.
Miss Irene Bonnet, '19, will lead the
meeting, beginning promptly at 4:15
o'clock.
The Y. W. C. A. has been unusually
fortunate in securing for the meeting
tomorrow afternoon Miss Henrietta
Thompson. Miss Thompson has been
a Y. W. C. A. secretary in Shanghai,
China, having taught physical culture
for the past seven years. She is homo
on a furlough and will address the
regular Thursday afternoon meeting.
Miss Lucille Huff, '19, has arranged
some special music for the occasion.
Miss Irene Bonnet, '19, will lead the
meeting, beginning promptly at 4:15
o'clock.
The Y. W. C. A. has been unusually
fortunate in securing for the meeting
tomorrow afternoon Miss Henrietta
Thompson. Miss Thompson has been
a Y. W. C. A. secretary in Shanghai,
China, having taught physical culture
for the past seven years. She is homo
on a furlough and will address the
regular Thursday afternoon meeting.
Miss Lucille Huff, '19, has arranged
some special music for the occasion.
Miss Irene Bonnet, '19, will lead the
meeting, beginning promptly at 4:15
o'clock.
The Y. W. C. A. has been unusually
fortunate in securing for the meeting
tomorrow afternoon Miss Henrietta
Thompson. Miss Thompson has been
a Y. W. C. A. secretary in Shanghai,
China, having taught physical culture
for the past seven years. She is homo
on a furlough and will address the
regular Thursday afternoon meeting.
Miss Lucille Huff, '19, has arranged
some special music for the occasion.
Miss Irene Bonnet, '19, will lead the
meeting, beginning promptly at 4:15
o'clock.
The Y. W. C. A. has been unusually
fortunate in securing for the meeting
tomorrow afternoon Miss Henrietta
Thompson. Miss Thompson has been
a Y. W. C. A. secretary in Shanghai,
China, having taught physical culture
for the past seven years. She is homo
on a furlough and will address the
regular Thursday afternoon meeting.
Miss Lucille Huff, '19, has arranged
some special music for the occasion.
Miss Irene Bonnet, '19, will lead the
meeting, beginning promptly at 4:15
o'clock.
The Y. W. C. A. has been unusually
fortunate in securing for the meeting
tomorrow afternoon Miss Henrietta
Thompson. Miss Thompson has been
a Y. W. C. A. secretary in Shanghai,
China, having taught physical culture
for the past seven years. She is homo
on a furlough and will address the
regular Thursday afternoon meeting.
Miss Lucille Huff, '19, has arranged
some special music for the occasion.
Miss Irene Bonnet, '19, will lead the
meeting, beginning promptly at 4:15
o'clock.
The Y. W. C. A. has been unusually
fortunate in securing for the meeting
tomorrow afternoon Miss Henrietta
Thompson. Miss Thompson has been
a Y. W. C. A. secretary in Shanghai,
China, having taught physical culture
for the past seven years. She is homo
on a furlough and will address the
regular Thursday afternoon meeting.
Miss Lucille Huff, '19, has arranged
some special music for the occasion.
Miss Irene Bonnet, '19, will lead the
meeting, beginning promptly at 4:15
o'clock.
The Y. W. C. A. has been unusually
fortunate in securing for the meeting
tomorrow afternoon Miss Henrietta
Thompson. Miss Thompson has been
a Y. W. C. A. secretary in Shanghai,
China, having taught physical culture
for the past seven years. She is homo
on a furlough and will address the
regular Thursday afternoon meeting.
Miss Lucille Huff, '19, has arranged
some special music for the occasion.
Miss Irene Bonnet, '19, will lead the
meeting, beginning promptly at 4:15
o'clock.
