# Double-edged dagger
## 
### 
Re: "Slain by the dagger: the secret
history of the gender DR" (Oct. 9).
What do you think?
Mr. Desmon quotes a Shakespearean

dagger to attack courses on gender
issues: Should we remind him of the
pointed significance of his metaphor?
Mr. Desmon relates his dismay in
realizing that some courses are taught
by women: Should we reveal to him that
the Stanford faculty does include that
particular species?
Mr. Desmon expresses his surprise in
discovering that Stanford has such a
thing as a Department of French and
Italian: Should we alert him to the exis
tence of cultures and languages other
than his own?
No, no. Let us protect zee innocent.
Brigitte Gazelles
Professor of French
Re: "Slain by the dagger: the secret
history of the gender DR" (Oct. 9).
What do you think?
Mr. Desmon quotes a Shakespearean

dagger to attack courses on gender
issues: Should we remind him of the
pointed significance of his metaphor?
Mr. Desmon relates his dismay in
realizing that some courses are taught
by women: Should we reveal to him that
the Stanford faculty does include that
particular species?
Mr. Desmon expresses his surprise in
discovering that Stanford has such a
thing as a Department of French and
Italian: Should we alert him to the exis
tence of cultures and languages other
than his own?
No, no. Let us protect zee innocent.
Brigitte Gazelles
Professor of French
Re: "Slain by the dagger: the secret
history of the gender DR" (Oct. 9).
What do you think?
Mr. Desmon quotes a Shakespearean

dagger to attack courses on gender
issues: Should we remind him of the
pointed significance of his metaphor?
Mr. Desmon relates his dismay in
realizing that some courses are taught
by women: Should we reveal to him that
the Stanford faculty does include that
particular species?
Mr. Desmon expresses his surprise in
discovering that Stanford has such a
thing as a Department of French and
Italian: Should we alert him to the exis
tence of cultures and languages other
than his own?
No, no. Let us protect zee innocent.
Brigitte Gazelles
Professor of French
Re: "Slain by the dagger: the secret
history of the gender DR" (Oct. 9).
What do you think?
Mr. Desmon quotes a Shakespearean

dagger to attack courses on gender
issues: Should we remind him of the
pointed significance of his metaphor?
Mr. Desmon relates his dismay in
realizing that some courses are taught
by women: Should we reveal to him that
the Stanford faculty does include that
particular species?
Mr. Desmon expresses his surprise in
discovering that Stanford has such a
thing as a Department of French and
Italian: Should we alert him to the exis
tence of cultures and languages other
than his own?
No, no. Let us protect zee innocent.
Brigitte Gazelles
Professor of French
Re: "Slain by the dagger: the secret
history of the gender DR" (Oct. 9).
What do you think?
Mr. Desmon quotes a Shakespearean

dagger to attack courses on gender
issues: Should we remind him of the
pointed significance of his metaphor?
Mr. Desmon relates his dismay in
realizing that some courses are taught
by women: Should we reveal to him that
the Stanford faculty does include that
particular species?
Mr. Desmon expresses his surprise in
discovering that Stanford has such a
thing as a Department of French and
Italian: Should we alert him to the exis
tence of cultures and languages other
than his own?
No, no. Let us protect zee innocent.
Brigitte Gazelles
Professor of French
Re: "Slain by the dagger: the secret
history of the gender DR" (Oct. 9).
What do you think?
Mr. Desmon quotes a Shakespearean

dagger to attack courses on gender
issues: Should we remind him of the
pointed significance of his metaphor?
Mr. Desmon relates his dismay in
realizing that some courses are taught
by women: Should we reveal to him that
the Stanford faculty does include that
particular species?
Mr. Desmon expresses his surprise in
discovering that Stanford has such a
thing as a Department of French and
Italian: Should we alert him to the exis
tence of cultures and languages other
than his own?
No, no. Let us protect zee innocent.
Brigitte Gazelles
Professor of French
