# COURT HITS RENO
## 
### 
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Superior Judge J. C. Niles today
refused to recognize legality of a
Nevada divorce granted after that
state's required six-week residence.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Superior Judge J. C. Niles today
refused to recognize legality of a
Nevada divorce granted after that
state's required six-week residence.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Superior Judge J. C. Niles today
refused to recognize legality of a
Nevada divorce granted after that
state's required six-week residence.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Superior Judge J. C. Niles today
refused to recognize legality of a
Nevada divorce granted after that
state's required six-week residence.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Superior Judge J. C. Niles today
refused to recognize legality of a
Nevada divorce granted after that
state's required six-week residence.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Superior Judge J. C. Niles today
refused to recognize legality of a
Nevada divorce granted after that
state's required six-week residence.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Superior Judge J. C. Niles today
refused to recognize legality of a
Nevada divorce granted after that
state's required six-week residence.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Superior Judge J. C. Niles today
refused to recognize legality of a
Nevada divorce granted after that
state's required six-week residence.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Superior Judge J. C. Niles today
refused to recognize legality of a
Nevada divorce granted after that
state's required six-week residence.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Superior Judge J. C. Niles today
refused to recognize legality of a
Nevada divorce granted after that
state's required six-week residence.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Superior Judge J. C. Niles today
refused to recognize legality of a
Nevada divorce granted after that
state's required six-week residence.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Superior Judge J. C. Niles today
refused to recognize legality of a
Nevada divorce granted after that
state's required six-week residence.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Superior Judge J. C. Niles today
refused to recognize legality of a
Nevada divorce granted after that
state's required six-week residence.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Superior Judge J. C. Niles today
refused to recognize legality of a
Nevada divorce granted after that
state's required six-week residence.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Superior Judge J. C. Niles today
refused to recognize legality of a
Nevada divorce granted after that
state's required six-week residence.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Superior Judge J. C. Niles today
refused to recognize legality of a
Nevada divorce granted after that
state's required six-week residence.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 8 (UP).—
Superior Judge J. C. Niles today
refused to recognize legality of a
Nevada divorce granted after that
state's required six-week residence.
