# Campus Y.W.C.A. To Handle Survey
## 
### 
Mrs. Bernice Foley, industrial sec
retary of the San Francisco Y. W.
C. Aâ€ž will speak today at 4 o'clock
in the "Y" rooms. Mrs. Foley will
discuss a statewide survey of stand
ards in household employment, of
which the Stanford "Y" will take
part.
After consideration of location,
population, income, and general
communty background, 40 cities and
towns have been selected for the
survey, and a statistically deter
mined quota assigned to each. Palo
Alto was one of those cities chosen.
The Stanford Y.W.C.A. will conduct
the Palo Alto survey. Sixty house
hold workers will be interviewed by
"Y" workers.
Co-operating with the statewide
organization of the Y.W.C.A. will be
the Women's Bureau of the United
States Department of Labor and the
Division of Labor Conditions. The
survey will be completed at the end
of October.
