# BRITISH TURNED BACK
## 
### 
BERLIN, Wednesday, Oct. 9 (UP).
—Patrolling Nazi planes were re
ported today to have battled and
turned back a force of .30 British
bombers as they streaked toward
Berlin, which still was digging out
of the wreckage of its worst air
raid of the war.
BERLIN, Wednesday, Oct. 9 (UP).
—Patrolling Nazi planes were re
ported today to have battled and
turned back a force of .30 British
bombers as they streaked toward
Berlin, which still was digging out
of the wreckage of its worst air
raid of the war.
BERLIN, Wednesday, Oct. 9 (UP).
—Patrolling Nazi planes were re
ported today to have battled and
turned back a force of .30 British
bombers as they streaked toward
Berlin, which still was digging out
of the wreckage of its worst air
raid of the war.
BERLIN, Wednesday, Oct. 9 (UP).
—Patrolling Nazi planes were re
ported today to have battled and
turned back a force of .30 British
bombers as they streaked toward
Berlin, which still was digging out
of the wreckage of its worst air
raid of the war.
BERLIN, Wednesday, Oct. 9 (UP).
—Patrolling Nazi planes were re
ported today to have battled and
turned back a force of .30 British
bombers as they streaked toward
Berlin, which still was digging out
of the wreckage of its worst air
raid of the war.
BERLIN, Wednesday, Oct. 9 (UP).
—Patrolling Nazi planes were re
ported today to have battled and
turned back a force of .30 British
bombers as they streaked toward
Berlin, which still was digging out
of the wreckage of its worst air
raid of the war.
BERLIN, Wednesday, Oct. 9 (UP).
—Patrolling Nazi planes were re
ported today to have battled and
turned back a force of .30 British
bombers as they streaked toward
Berlin, which still was digging out
of the wreckage of its worst air
raid of the war.
BERLIN, Wednesday, Oct. 9 (UP).
—Patrolling Nazi planes were re
ported today to have battled and
turned back a force of .30 British
bombers as they streaked toward
Berlin, which still was digging out
of the wreckage of its worst air
raid of the war.
BERLIN, Wednesday, Oct. 9 (UP).
—Patrolling Nazi planes were re
ported today to have battled and
turned back a force of .30 British
bombers as they streaked toward
Berlin, which still was digging out
of the wreckage of its worst air
raid of the war.
BERLIN, Wednesday, Oct. 9 (UP).
—Patrolling Nazi planes were re
ported today to have battled and
turned back a force of .30 British
bombers as they streaked toward
Berlin, which still was digging out
of the wreckage of its worst air
raid of the war.
BERLIN, Wednesday, Oct. 9 (UP).
—Patrolling Nazi planes were re
ported today to have battled and
turned back a force of .30 British
bombers as they streaked toward
Berlin, which still was digging out
of the wreckage of its worst air
raid of the war.
BERLIN, Wednesday, Oct. 9 (UP).
—Patrolling Nazi planes were re
ported today to have battled and
turned back a force of .30 British
bombers as they streaked toward
Berlin, which still was digging out
of the wreckage of its worst air
raid of the war.
BERLIN, Wednesday, Oct. 9 (UP).
—Patrolling Nazi planes were re
ported today to have battled and
turned back a force of .30 British
bombers as they streaked toward
Berlin, which still was digging out
of the wreckage of its worst air
raid of the war.
BERLIN, Wednesday, Oct. 9 (UP).
—Patrolling Nazi planes were re
ported today to have battled and
turned back a force of .30 British
bombers as they streaked toward
Berlin, which still was digging out
of the wreckage of its worst air
raid of the war.
BERLIN, Wednesday, Oct. 9 (UP).
—Patrolling Nazi planes were re
ported today to have battled and
turned back a force of .30 British
bombers as they streaked toward
Berlin, which still was digging out
of the wreckage of its worst air
raid of the war.
BERLIN, Wednesday, Oct. 9 (UP).
—Patrolling Nazi planes were re
ported today to have battled and
turned back a force of .30 British
bombers as they streaked toward
Berlin, which still was digging out
of the wreckage of its worst air
raid of the war.
BERLIN, Wednesday, Oct. 9 (UP).
—Patrolling Nazi planes were re
ported today to have battled and
turned back a force of .30 British
bombers as they streaked toward
Berlin, which still was digging out
of the wreckage of its worst air
raid of the war.
