# ONE-MAN TAXI IN COPENHAGEN
## 
### 

STRICT RATIONING of gasoline in German-occupied Denmark has
produced this bicycle-taxi, that competes in Copenhagen with horse
drawn carriages. The cab holds two. Gasoline vehicles of any kind
are # permitted only in the day time.

STRICT RATIONING of gasoline in German-occupied Denmark has
produced this bicycle-taxi, that competes in Copenhagen with horse
drawn carriages. The cab holds two. Gasoline vehicles of any kind
are # permitted only in the day time.

STRICT RATIONING of gasoline in German-occupied Denmark has
produced this bicycle-taxi, that competes in Copenhagen with horse
drawn carriages. The cab holds two. Gasoline vehicles of any kind
are # permitted only in the day time.

STRICT RATIONING of gasoline in German-occupied Denmark has
produced this bicycle-taxi, that competes in Copenhagen with horse
drawn carriages. The cab holds two. Gasoline vehicles of any kind
are # permitted only in the day time.

STRICT RATIONING of gasoline in German-occupied Denmark has
produced this bicycle-taxi, that competes in Copenhagen with horse
drawn carriages. The cab holds two. Gasoline vehicles of any kind
are # permitted only in the day time.

STRICT RATIONING of gasoline in German-occupied Denmark has
produced this bicycle-taxi, that competes in Copenhagen with horse
drawn carriages. The cab holds two. Gasoline vehicles of any kind
are # permitted only in the day time.

STRICT RATIONING of gasoline in German-occupied Denmark has
produced this bicycle-taxi, that competes in Copenhagen with horse
drawn carriages. The cab holds two. Gasoline vehicles of any kind
are # permitted only in the day time.

STRICT RATIONING of gasoline in German-occupied Denmark has
produced this bicycle-taxi, that competes in Copenhagen with horse
drawn carriages. The cab holds two. Gasoline vehicles of any kind
are # permitted only in the day time.

STRICT RATIONING of gasoline in German-occupied Denmark has
produced this bicycle-taxi, that competes in Copenhagen with horse
drawn carriages. The cab holds two. Gasoline vehicles of any kind
are # permitted only in the day time.

STRICT RATIONING of gasoline in German-occupied Denmark has
produced this bicycle-taxi, that competes in Copenhagen with horse
drawn carriages. The cab holds two. Gasoline vehicles of any kind
are # permitted only in the day time.

STRICT RATIONING of gasoline in German-occupied Denmark has
produced this bicycle-taxi, that competes in Copenhagen with horse
drawn carriages. The cab holds two. Gasoline vehicles of any kind
are # permitted only in the day time.

STRICT RATIONING of gasoline in German-occupied Denmark has
produced this bicycle-taxi, that competes in Copenhagen with horse
drawn carriages. The cab holds two. Gasoline vehicles of any kind
are # permitted only in the day time.

STRICT RATIONING of gasoline in German-occupied Denmark has
produced this bicycle-taxi, that competes in Copenhagen with horse
drawn carriages. The cab holds two. Gasoline vehicles of any kind
are # permitted only in the day time.

STRICT RATIONING of gasoline in German-occupied Denmark has
produced this bicycle-taxi, that competes in Copenhagen with horse
drawn carriages. The cab holds two. Gasoline vehicles of any kind
are # permitted only in the day time.

STRICT RATIONING of gasoline in German-occupied Denmark has
produced this bicycle-taxi, that competes in Copenhagen with horse
drawn carriages. The cab holds two. Gasoline vehicles of any kind
are # permitted only in the day time.

STRICT RATIONING of gasoline in German-occupied Denmark has
produced this bicycle-taxi, that competes in Copenhagen with horse
drawn carriages. The cab holds two. Gasoline vehicles of any kind
are # permitted only in the day time.

STRICT RATIONING of gasoline in German-occupied Denmark has
produced this bicycle-taxi, that competes in Copenhagen with horse
drawn carriages. The cab holds two. Gasoline vehicles of any kind
are # permitted only in the day time.
