# CAL BUDGET INCREASE
## 
### 
The University of California will
operate on a $36,990,368.82 budget
during the school year 1947-48, the
Board of Regents announced this
week. This is a 21 per cent increase
over the budget for the 1946-47
school vear.
The University of California will
operate on a $36,990,368.82 budget
during the school year 1947-48, the
Board of Regents announced this
week. This is a 21 per cent increase
over the budget for the 1946-47
school vear.
The University of California will
operate on a $36,990,368.82 budget
during the school year 1947-48, the
Board of Regents announced this
week. This is a 21 per cent increase
over the budget for the 1946-47
school vear.
The University of California will
operate on a $36,990,368.82 budget
during the school year 1947-48, the
Board of Regents announced this
week. This is a 21 per cent increase
over the budget for the 1946-47
school vear.
The University of California will
operate on a $36,990,368.82 budget
during the school year 1947-48, the
Board of Regents announced this
week. This is a 21 per cent increase
over the budget for the 1946-47
school vear.
The University of California will
operate on a $36,990,368.82 budget
during the school year 1947-48, the
Board of Regents announced this
week. This is a 21 per cent increase
over the budget for the 1946-47
school vear.
The University of California will
operate on a $36,990,368.82 budget
during the school year 1947-48, the
Board of Regents announced this
week. This is a 21 per cent increase
over the budget for the 1946-47
school vear.
The University of California will
operate on a $36,990,368.82 budget
during the school year 1947-48, the
Board of Regents announced this
week. This is a 21 per cent increase
over the budget for the 1946-47
school vear.
The University of California will
operate on a $36,990,368.82 budget
during the school year 1947-48, the
Board of Regents announced this
week. This is a 21 per cent increase
over the budget for the 1946-47
school vear.
The University of California will
operate on a $36,990,368.82 budget
during the school year 1947-48, the
Board of Regents announced this
week. This is a 21 per cent increase
over the budget for the 1946-47
school vear.
The University of California will
operate on a $36,990,368.82 budget
during the school year 1947-48, the
Board of Regents announced this
week. This is a 21 per cent increase
over the budget for the 1946-47
school vear.
The University of California will
operate on a $36,990,368.82 budget
during the school year 1947-48, the
Board of Regents announced this
week. This is a 21 per cent increase
over the budget for the 1946-47
school vear.
The University of California will
operate on a $36,990,368.82 budget
during the school year 1947-48, the
Board of Regents announced this
week. This is a 21 per cent increase
over the budget for the 1946-47
school vear.
The University of California will
operate on a $36,990,368.82 budget
during the school year 1947-48, the
Board of Regents announced this
week. This is a 21 per cent increase
over the budget for the 1946-47
school vear.
The University of California will
operate on a $36,990,368.82 budget
during the school year 1947-48, the
Board of Regents announced this
week. This is a 21 per cent increase
over the budget for the 1946-47
school vear.
