# Wayne Moore Regains Small Bore Rifle Title
## 
### 
CAMP PERRY, 0.. Aug.' 7 (UP).—
Wayne Moore, the one-legged
Deadeye Dick from Washington, Pa
came from behind today to retain
ms Final! bore title and set a new
world record at the 63rd annual
matches of the National Rifle Asso
ciation here.
CAMP PERRY, 0.. Aug.' 7 (UP).—
Wayne Moore, the one-legged
Deadeye Dick from Washington, Pa
came from behind today to retain
ms Final! bore title and set a new
world record at the 63rd annual
matches of the National Rifle Asso
ciation here.
CAMP PERRY, 0.. Aug.' 7 (UP).—
Wayne Moore, the one-legged
Deadeye Dick from Washington, Pa
came from behind today to retain
ms Final! bore title and set a new
world record at the 63rd annual
matches of the National Rifle Asso
ciation here.
CAMP PERRY, 0.. Aug.' 7 (UP).—
Wayne Moore, the one-legged
Deadeye Dick from Washington, Pa
came from behind today to retain
ms Final! bore title and set a new
world record at the 63rd annual
matches of the National Rifle Asso
ciation here.
CAMP PERRY, 0.. Aug.' 7 (UP).—
Wayne Moore, the one-legged
Deadeye Dick from Washington, Pa
came from behind today to retain
ms Final! bore title and set a new
world record at the 63rd annual
matches of the National Rifle Asso
ciation here.
CAMP PERRY, 0.. Aug.' 7 (UP).—
Wayne Moore, the one-legged
Deadeye Dick from Washington, Pa
came from behind today to retain
ms Final! bore title and set a new
world record at the 63rd annual
matches of the National Rifle Asso
ciation here.
CAMP PERRY, 0.. Aug.' 7 (UP).—
Wayne Moore, the one-legged
Deadeye Dick from Washington, Pa
came from behind today to retain
ms Final! bore title and set a new
world record at the 63rd annual
matches of the National Rifle Asso
ciation here.
CAMP PERRY, 0.. Aug.' 7 (UP).—
Wayne Moore, the one-legged
Deadeye Dick from Washington, Pa
came from behind today to retain
ms Final! bore title and set a new
world record at the 63rd annual
matches of the National Rifle Asso
ciation here.
CAMP PERRY, 0.. Aug.' 7 (UP).—
Wayne Moore, the one-legged
Deadeye Dick from Washington, Pa
came from behind today to retain
ms Final! bore title and set a new
world record at the 63rd annual
matches of the National Rifle Asso
ciation here.
CAMP PERRY, 0.. Aug.' 7 (UP).—
Wayne Moore, the one-legged
Deadeye Dick from Washington, Pa
came from behind today to retain
ms Final! bore title and set a new
world record at the 63rd annual
matches of the National Rifle Asso
ciation here.
CAMP PERRY, 0.. Aug.' 7 (UP).—
Wayne Moore, the one-legged
Deadeye Dick from Washington, Pa
came from behind today to retain
ms Final! bore title and set a new
world record at the 63rd annual
matches of the National Rifle Asso
ciation here.
CAMP PERRY, 0.. Aug.' 7 (UP).—
Wayne Moore, the one-legged
Deadeye Dick from Washington, Pa
came from behind today to retain
ms Final! bore title and set a new
world record at the 63rd annual
matches of the National Rifle Asso
ciation here.
CAMP PERRY, 0.. Aug.' 7 (UP).—
Wayne Moore, the one-legged
Deadeye Dick from Washington, Pa
came from behind today to retain
ms Final! bore title and set a new
world record at the 63rd annual
matches of the National Rifle Asso
ciation here.
CAMP PERRY, 0.. Aug.' 7 (UP).—
Wayne Moore, the one-legged
Deadeye Dick from Washington, Pa
came from behind today to retain
ms Final! bore title and set a new
world record at the 63rd annual
matches of the National Rifle Asso
ciation here.
CAMP PERRY, 0.. Aug.' 7 (UP).—
Wayne Moore, the one-legged
Deadeye Dick from Washington, Pa
came from behind today to retain
ms Final! bore title and set a new
world record at the 63rd annual
matches of the National Rifle Asso
ciation here.
