# Feller Talks on UN
## 
### 
Abraham H. Feller, visiting pro
fessor of law teaching a course on
international organization during
the summer session, will lecture
Thursday evening in the Education
Auditorium at 8 on "The United
Nations Today." The talk will be
under the joint sponsorship of the
University and the World Affairs
Council of Northern California.
Abraham H. Feller, visiting pro
fessor of law teaching a course on
international organization during
the summer session, will lecture
Thursday evening in the Education
Auditorium at 8 on "The United
Nations Today." The talk will be
under the joint sponsorship of the
University and the World Affairs
Council of Northern California.
Abraham H. Feller, visiting pro
fessor of law teaching a course on
international organization during
the summer session, will lecture
Thursday evening in the Education
Auditorium at 8 on "The United
Nations Today." The talk will be
under the joint sponsorship of the
University and the World Affairs
Council of Northern California.
Abraham H. Feller, visiting pro
fessor of law teaching a course on
international organization during
the summer session, will lecture
Thursday evening in the Education
Auditorium at 8 on "The United
Nations Today." The talk will be
under the joint sponsorship of the
University and the World Affairs
Council of Northern California.
Abraham H. Feller, visiting pro
fessor of law teaching a course on
international organization during
the summer session, will lecture
Thursday evening in the Education
Auditorium at 8 on "The United
Nations Today." The talk will be
under the joint sponsorship of the
University and the World Affairs
Council of Northern California.
Abraham H. Feller, visiting pro
fessor of law teaching a course on
international organization during
the summer session, will lecture
Thursday evening in the Education
Auditorium at 8 on "The United
Nations Today." The talk will be
under the joint sponsorship of the
University and the World Affairs
Council of Northern California.
Abraham H. Feller, visiting pro
fessor of law teaching a course on
international organization during
the summer session, will lecture
Thursday evening in the Education
Auditorium at 8 on "The United
Nations Today." The talk will be
under the joint sponsorship of the
University and the World Affairs
Council of Northern California.
Abraham H. Feller, visiting pro
fessor of law teaching a course on
international organization during
the summer session, will lecture
Thursday evening in the Education
Auditorium at 8 on "The United
Nations Today." The talk will be
under the joint sponsorship of the
University and the World Affairs
Council of Northern California.
Abraham H. Feller, visiting pro
fessor of law teaching a course on
international organization during
the summer session, will lecture
Thursday evening in the Education
Auditorium at 8 on "The United
Nations Today." The talk will be
under the joint sponsorship of the
University and the World Affairs
Council of Northern California.
Abraham H. Feller, visiting pro
fessor of law teaching a course on
international organization during
the summer session, will lecture
Thursday evening in the Education
Auditorium at 8 on "The United
Nations Today." The talk will be
under the joint sponsorship of the
University and the World Affairs
Council of Northern California.
Abraham H. Feller, visiting pro
fessor of law teaching a course on
international organization during
the summer session, will lecture
Thursday evening in the Education
Auditorium at 8 on "The United
Nations Today." The talk will be
under the joint sponsorship of the
University and the World Affairs
Council of Northern California.
Abraham H. Feller, visiting pro
fessor of law teaching a course on
international organization during
the summer session, will lecture
Thursday evening in the Education
Auditorium at 8 on "The United
Nations Today." The talk will be
under the joint sponsorship of the
University and the World Affairs
Council of Northern California.
Abraham H. Feller, visiting pro
fessor of law teaching a course on
international organization during
the summer session, will lecture
Thursday evening in the Education
Auditorium at 8 on "The United
Nations Today." The talk will be
under the joint sponsorship of the
University and the World Affairs
Council of Northern California.
Abraham H. Feller, visiting pro
fessor of law teaching a course on
international organization during
the summer session, will lecture
Thursday evening in the Education
Auditorium at 8 on "The United
Nations Today." The talk will be
under the joint sponsorship of the
University and the World Affairs
Council of Northern California.
Abraham H. Feller, visiting pro
fessor of law teaching a course on
international organization during
the summer session, will lecture
Thursday evening in the Education
Auditorium at 8 on "The United
Nations Today." The talk will be
under the joint sponsorship of the
University and the World Affairs
Council of Northern California.
