# SIRO Posts 30 Parcels For Europe
## 
### 
Report of the recent Stanford
International Relief Organization
drive for clothing to send to the
people of Europe arid Asia was
made yesterday at the Institute of
International Relations meeting by
Ciiff Forster, SIRO co-chairman.
Forster reported the posting of 30
packages to friends of Stanford stu
dents and faculty, with "easily
enough articles of clothing to send
20 more." "What we want now is
more names of possible recipients,"
he said. Descriptions are necessary
to facilitate packaging proper ap
parel.
SIRO boxes will remain by the
Snack Bar. and in the lobbies of
Lagunita and Encina, he said, and
further, donations will be "greatly
appreciated."
Lloyd Hall, Conference chairman,
announced continued work of his
planning committee for the College
Congress to be held at Stanford in
the fall. The group meets Saturday
mornings at 10 in the lower lounge
of the Women's Clubhouse. Inter
ested students may still join the
group, he said.
lIR offices, recently moved to the
Geography Building, are still await
ing furniture. Office hours, how
ever, will be held between 2 and 4
on Thursday afternoons, said Ed
Chambers, president. International
Information Committee files on job
and educational openings abroad
will be available to students nt this
time, he said.
