# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
!
" |
Room and board at sur
prisingly moderate prices
Next to the Post Office
on Waverley St. Phone
P.A. 3282
!
" |
Room and board at sur
prisingly moderate prices
Next to the Post Office
on Waverley St. Phone
P.A. 3282
!
" |
Room and board at sur
prisingly moderate prices
Next to the Post Office
on Waverley St. Phone
P.A. 3282
!
" |
Room and board at sur
prisingly moderate prices
Next to the Post Office
on Waverley St. Phone
P.A. 3282
!
" |
Room and board at sur
prisingly moderate prices
Next to the Post Office
on Waverley St. Phone
P.A. 3282
!
" |
Room and board at sur
prisingly moderate prices
Next to the Post Office
on Waverley St. Phone
P.A. 3282
!
" |
Room and board at sur
prisingly moderate prices
Next to the Post Office
on Waverley St. Phone
P.A. 3282
!
" |
Room and board at sur
prisingly moderate prices
Next to the Post Office
on Waverley St. Phone
P.A. 3282
!
" |
Room and board at sur
prisingly moderate prices
Next to the Post Office
on Waverley St. Phone
P.A. 3282
!
" |
Room and board at sur
prisingly moderate prices
Next to the Post Office
on Waverley St. Phone
P.A. 3282
!
" |
Room and board at sur
prisingly moderate prices
Next to the Post Office
on Waverley St. Phone
P.A. 3282
!
" |
Room and board at sur
prisingly moderate prices
Next to the Post Office
on Waverley St. Phone
P.A. 3282
!
" |
Room and board at sur
prisingly moderate prices
Next to the Post Office
on Waverley St. Phone
P.A. 3282
!
" |
Room and board at sur
prisingly moderate prices
Next to the Post Office
on Waverley St. Phone
P.A. 3282
!
" |
Room and board at sur
prisingly moderate prices
Next to the Post Office
on Waverley St. Phone
P.A. 3282
