# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
j
ESTHER HACEDORN
'
and her capable op
erators will assist you
in every phase of
BEAUTY CULTURE
—personalized to the
individual. — For ap
pointment tall Palo
Alto 5552.
IBIEAUITV All IDES
I J
N
KENTON'S
University at Wavcrly
P«ilo Alto
I=s= - ' : -
j
ESTHER HACEDORN
'
and her capable op
erators will assist you
in every phase of
BEAUTY CULTURE
—personalized to the
individual. — For ap
pointment tall Palo
Alto 5552.
IBIEAUITV All IDES
I J
N
KENTON'S
University at Wavcrly
P«ilo Alto
I=s= - ' : -
j
ESTHER HACEDORN
'
and her capable op
erators will assist you
in every phase of
BEAUTY CULTURE
—personalized to the
individual. — For ap
pointment tall Palo
Alto 5552.
IBIEAUITV All IDES
I J
N
KENTON'S
University at Wavcrly
P«ilo Alto
I=s= - ' : -
j
ESTHER HACEDORN
'
and her capable op
erators will assist you
in every phase of
BEAUTY CULTURE
—personalized to the
individual. — For ap
pointment tall Palo
Alto 5552.
IBIEAUITV All IDES
I J
N
KENTON'S
University at Wavcrly
P«ilo Alto
I=s= - ' : -
j
ESTHER HACEDORN
'
and her capable op
erators will assist you
in every phase of
BEAUTY CULTURE
—personalized to the
individual. — For ap
pointment tall Palo
Alto 5552.
IBIEAUITV All IDES
I J
N
KENTON'S
University at Wavcrly
P«ilo Alto
I=s= - ' : -
j
ESTHER HACEDORN
'
and her capable op
erators will assist you
in every phase of
BEAUTY CULTURE
—personalized to the
individual. — For ap
pointment tall Palo
Alto 5552.
IBIEAUITV All IDES
I J
N
KENTON'S
University at Wavcrly
P«ilo Alto
I=s= - ' : -
j
ESTHER HACEDORN
'
and her capable op
erators will assist you
in every phase of
BEAUTY CULTURE
—personalized to the
individual. — For ap
pointment tall Palo
Alto 5552.
IBIEAUITV All IDES
I J
N
KENTON'S
University at Wavcrly
P«ilo Alto
I=s= - ' : -
j
ESTHER HACEDORN
'
and her capable op
erators will assist you
in every phase of
BEAUTY CULTURE
—personalized to the
individual. — For ap
pointment tall Palo
Alto 5552.
IBIEAUITV All IDES
I J
N
KENTON'S
University at Wavcrly
P«ilo Alto
I=s= - ' : -
j
ESTHER HACEDORN
'
and her capable op
erators will assist you
in every phase of
BEAUTY CULTURE
—personalized to the
individual. — For ap
pointment tall Palo
Alto 5552.
IBIEAUITV All IDES
I J
N
KENTON'S
University at Wavcrly
P«ilo Alto
I=s= - ' : -
j
ESTHER HACEDORN
'
and her capable op
erators will assist you
in every phase of
BEAUTY CULTURE
—personalized to the
individual. — For ap
pointment tall Palo
Alto 5552.
IBIEAUITV All IDES
I J
N
KENTON'S
University at Wavcrly
P«ilo Alto
I=s= - ' : -
j
ESTHER HACEDORN
'
and her capable op
erators will assist you
in every phase of
BEAUTY CULTURE
—personalized to the
individual. — For ap
pointment tall Palo
Alto 5552.
IBIEAUITV All IDES
I J
N
KENTON'S
University at Wavcrly
P«ilo Alto
I=s= - ' : -
j
ESTHER HACEDORN
'
and her capable op
erators will assist you
in every phase of
BEAUTY CULTURE
—personalized to the
individual. — For ap
pointment tall Palo
Alto 5552.
IBIEAUITV All IDES
I J
N
KENTON'S
University at Wavcrly
P«ilo Alto
I=s= - ' : -
j
ESTHER HACEDORN
'
and her capable op
erators will assist you
in every phase of
BEAUTY CULTURE
—personalized to the
individual. — For ap
pointment tall Palo
Alto 5552.
IBIEAUITV All IDES
I J
N
KENTON'S
University at Wavcrly
P«ilo Alto
I=s= - ' : -
j
ESTHER HACEDORN
'
and her capable op
erators will assist you
in every phase of
BEAUTY CULTURE
—personalized to the
individual. — For ap
pointment tall Palo
Alto 5552.
IBIEAUITV All IDES
I J
N
KENTON'S
University at Wavcrly
P«ilo Alto
I=s= - ' : -
j
ESTHER HACEDORN
'
and her capable op
erators will assist you
in every phase of
BEAUTY CULTURE
—personalized to the
individual. — For ap
pointment tall Palo
Alto 5552.
IBIEAUITV All IDES
I J
N
KENTON'S
University at Wavcrly
P«ilo Alto
I=s= - ' : -
