# GOVERNOR LAUDS LYNCH PARTY
## 
### 

Gov. James Rolph of California as he gave frank approval to the
actions of a mob which lynched John Holmes and Thomas Thurmond,
confessed kidnapers and killers, in San Jose, Cal. He said "They'll
learn they can't kidnap in this state." (Associated Press Photo)

Gov. James Rolph of California as he gave frank approval to the
actions of a mob which lynched John Holmes and Thomas Thurmond,
confessed kidnapers and killers, in San Jose, Cal. He said "They'll
learn they can't kidnap in this state." (Associated Press Photo)

Gov. James Rolph of California as he gave frank approval to the
actions of a mob which lynched John Holmes and Thomas Thurmond,
confessed kidnapers and killers, in San Jose, Cal. He said "They'll
learn they can't kidnap in this state." (Associated Press Photo)

Gov. James Rolph of California as he gave frank approval to the
actions of a mob which lynched John Holmes and Thomas Thurmond,
confessed kidnapers and killers, in San Jose, Cal. He said "They'll
learn they can't kidnap in this state." (Associated Press Photo)

Gov. James Rolph of California as he gave frank approval to the
actions of a mob which lynched John Holmes and Thomas Thurmond,
confessed kidnapers and killers, in San Jose, Cal. He said "They'll
learn they can't kidnap in this state." (Associated Press Photo)

Gov. James Rolph of California as he gave frank approval to the
actions of a mob which lynched John Holmes and Thomas Thurmond,
confessed kidnapers and killers, in San Jose, Cal. He said "They'll
learn they can't kidnap in this state." (Associated Press Photo)

Gov. James Rolph of California as he gave frank approval to the
actions of a mob which lynched John Holmes and Thomas Thurmond,
confessed kidnapers and killers, in San Jose, Cal. He said "They'll
learn they can't kidnap in this state." (Associated Press Photo)

Gov. James Rolph of California as he gave frank approval to the
actions of a mob which lynched John Holmes and Thomas Thurmond,
confessed kidnapers and killers, in San Jose, Cal. He said "They'll
learn they can't kidnap in this state." (Associated Press Photo)

Gov. James Rolph of California as he gave frank approval to the
actions of a mob which lynched John Holmes and Thomas Thurmond,
confessed kidnapers and killers, in San Jose, Cal. He said "They'll
learn they can't kidnap in this state." (Associated Press Photo)

Gov. James Rolph of California as he gave frank approval to the
actions of a mob which lynched John Holmes and Thomas Thurmond,
confessed kidnapers and killers, in San Jose, Cal. He said "They'll
learn they can't kidnap in this state." (Associated Press Photo)

Gov. James Rolph of California as he gave frank approval to the
actions of a mob which lynched John Holmes and Thomas Thurmond,
confessed kidnapers and killers, in San Jose, Cal. He said "They'll
learn they can't kidnap in this state." (Associated Press Photo)

Gov. James Rolph of California as he gave frank approval to the
actions of a mob which lynched John Holmes and Thomas Thurmond,
confessed kidnapers and killers, in San Jose, Cal. He said "They'll
learn they can't kidnap in this state." (Associated Press Photo)

Gov. James Rolph of California as he gave frank approval to the
actions of a mob which lynched John Holmes and Thomas Thurmond,
confessed kidnapers and killers, in San Jose, Cal. He said "They'll
learn they can't kidnap in this state." (Associated Press Photo)

Gov. James Rolph of California as he gave frank approval to the
actions of a mob which lynched John Holmes and Thomas Thurmond,
confessed kidnapers and killers, in San Jose, Cal. He said "They'll
learn they can't kidnap in this state." (Associated Press Photo)

Gov. James Rolph of California as he gave frank approval to the
actions of a mob which lynched John Holmes and Thomas Thurmond,
confessed kidnapers and killers, in San Jose, Cal. He said "They'll
learn they can't kidnap in this state." (Associated Press Photo)
