# Final Autumn Moot Court Will Be Held This Week
## 
### 
Arguing tho question of the rights
of tho city as a municipal corpora
tion, law students will hold 1 •
fourth and final moot court of tho
autumn quarter this week. The dale
has not been definitely set, but ex
isting opinions indicate that it will
be held either tomorrow or Wednes
day.
Brothers Will and Phil Ray will
uphold the right of the state to vest
control of municipal parks in a com
mission appointed by the state legis
lature, while James Reid and Walter
E. Craig will argue in favor of the
city.
Professor Stanley Morrison of tlv
School of Law will judge the case.
Arguing tho question of the rights
of tho city as a municipal corpora
tion, law students will hold 1 •
fourth and final moot court of tho
autumn quarter this week. The dale
has not been definitely set, but ex
isting opinions indicate that it will
be held either tomorrow or Wednes
day.
Brothers Will and Phil Ray will
uphold the right of the state to vest
control of municipal parks in a com
mission appointed by the state legis
lature, while James Reid and Walter
E. Craig will argue in favor of the
city.
Professor Stanley Morrison of tlv
School of Law will judge the case.
Arguing tho question of the rights
of tho city as a municipal corpora
tion, law students will hold 1 •
fourth and final moot court of tho
autumn quarter this week. The dale
has not been definitely set, but ex
isting opinions indicate that it will
be held either tomorrow or Wednes
day.
Brothers Will and Phil Ray will
uphold the right of the state to vest
control of municipal parks in a com
mission appointed by the state legis
lature, while James Reid and Walter
E. Craig will argue in favor of the
city.
Professor Stanley Morrison of tlv
School of Law will judge the case.
Arguing tho question of the rights
of tho city as a municipal corpora
tion, law students will hold 1 •
fourth and final moot court of tho
autumn quarter this week. The dale
has not been definitely set, but ex
isting opinions indicate that it will
be held either tomorrow or Wednes
day.
Brothers Will and Phil Ray will
uphold the right of the state to vest
control of municipal parks in a com
mission appointed by the state legis
lature, while James Reid and Walter
E. Craig will argue in favor of the
city.
Professor Stanley Morrison of tlv
School of Law will judge the case.
Arguing tho question of the rights
of tho city as a municipal corpora
tion, law students will hold 1 •
fourth and final moot court of tho
autumn quarter this week. The dale
has not been definitely set, but ex
isting opinions indicate that it will
be held either tomorrow or Wednes
day.
Brothers Will and Phil Ray will
uphold the right of the state to vest
control of municipal parks in a com
mission appointed by the state legis
lature, while James Reid and Walter
E. Craig will argue in favor of the
city.
Professor Stanley Morrison of tlv
School of Law will judge the case.
Arguing tho question of the rights
of tho city as a municipal corpora
tion, law students will hold 1 •
fourth and final moot court of tho
autumn quarter this week. The dale
has not been definitely set, but ex
isting opinions indicate that it will
be held either tomorrow or Wednes
day.
Brothers Will and Phil Ray will
uphold the right of the state to vest
control of municipal parks in a com
mission appointed by the state legis
lature, while James Reid and Walter
E. Craig will argue in favor of the
city.
Professor Stanley Morrison of tlv
School of Law will judge the case.
Arguing tho question of the rights
of tho city as a municipal corpora
tion, law students will hold 1 •
fourth and final moot court of tho
autumn quarter this week. The dale
has not been definitely set, but ex
isting opinions indicate that it will
be held either tomorrow or Wednes
day.
Brothers Will and Phil Ray will
uphold the right of the state to vest
control of municipal parks in a com
mission appointed by the state legis
lature, while James Reid and Walter
E. Craig will argue in favor of the
city.
Professor Stanley Morrison of tlv
School of Law will judge the case.
Arguing tho question of the rights
of tho city as a municipal corpora
tion, law students will hold 1 •
fourth and final moot court of tho
autumn quarter this week. The dale
has not been definitely set, but ex
isting opinions indicate that it will
be held either tomorrow or Wednes
day.
Brothers Will and Phil Ray will
uphold the right of the state to vest
control of municipal parks in a com
mission appointed by the state legis
lature, while James Reid and Walter
E. Craig will argue in favor of the
city.
Professor Stanley Morrison of tlv
School of Law will judge the case.
Arguing tho question of the rights
of tho city as a municipal corpora
tion, law students will hold 1 •
fourth and final moot court of tho
autumn quarter this week. The dale
has not been definitely set, but ex
isting opinions indicate that it will
be held either tomorrow or Wednes
day.
Brothers Will and Phil Ray will
uphold the right of the state to vest
control of municipal parks in a com
mission appointed by the state legis
lature, while James Reid and Walter
E. Craig will argue in favor of the
city.
Professor Stanley Morrison of tlv
School of Law will judge the case.
Arguing tho question of the rights
of tho city as a municipal corpora
tion, law students will hold 1 •
fourth and final moot court of tho
autumn quarter this week. The dale
has not been definitely set, but ex
isting opinions indicate that it will
be held either tomorrow or Wednes
day.
Brothers Will and Phil Ray will
uphold the right of the state to vest
control of municipal parks in a com
mission appointed by the state legis
lature, while James Reid and Walter
E. Craig will argue in favor of the
city.
Professor Stanley Morrison of tlv
School of Law will judge the case.
Arguing tho question of the rights
of tho city as a municipal corpora
tion, law students will hold 1 •
fourth and final moot court of tho
autumn quarter this week. The dale
has not been definitely set, but ex
isting opinions indicate that it will
be held either tomorrow or Wednes
day.
Brothers Will and Phil Ray will
uphold the right of the state to vest
control of municipal parks in a com
mission appointed by the state legis
lature, while James Reid and Walter
E. Craig will argue in favor of the
city.
Professor Stanley Morrison of tlv
School of Law will judge the case.
Arguing tho question of the rights
of tho city as a municipal corpora
tion, law students will hold 1 •
fourth and final moot court of tho
autumn quarter this week. The dale
has not been definitely set, but ex
isting opinions indicate that it will
be held either tomorrow or Wednes
day.
Brothers Will and Phil Ray will
uphold the right of the state to vest
control of municipal parks in a com
mission appointed by the state legis
lature, while James Reid and Walter
E. Craig will argue in favor of the
city.
Professor Stanley Morrison of tlv
School of Law will judge the case.
Arguing tho question of the rights
of tho city as a municipal corpora
tion, law students will hold 1 •
fourth and final moot court of tho
autumn quarter this week. The dale
has not been definitely set, but ex
isting opinions indicate that it will
be held either tomorrow or Wednes
day.
Brothers Will and Phil Ray will
uphold the right of the state to vest
control of municipal parks in a com
mission appointed by the state legis
lature, while James Reid and Walter
E. Craig will argue in favor of the
city.
Professor Stanley Morrison of tlv
School of Law will judge the case.
Arguing tho question of the rights
of tho city as a municipal corpora
tion, law students will hold 1 •
fourth and final moot court of tho
autumn quarter this week. The dale
has not been definitely set, but ex
isting opinions indicate that it will
be held either tomorrow or Wednes
day.
Brothers Will and Phil Ray will
uphold the right of the state to vest
control of municipal parks in a com
mission appointed by the state legis
lature, while James Reid and Walter
E. Craig will argue in favor of the
city.
Professor Stanley Morrison of tlv
School of Law will judge the case.
Arguing tho question of the rights
of tho city as a municipal corpora
tion, law students will hold 1 •
fourth and final moot court of tho
autumn quarter this week. The dale
has not been definitely set, but ex
isting opinions indicate that it will
be held either tomorrow or Wednes
day.
Brothers Will and Phil Ray will
uphold the right of the state to vest
control of municipal parks in a com
mission appointed by the state legis
lature, while James Reid and Walter
E. Craig will argue in favor of the
city.
Professor Stanley Morrison of tlv
School of Law will judge the case.
