# Bomb Chinese Towns
## 
### 
Reports received yesterday from i
Hongkong stated that four towns of
the Fukien province, where mass
meetings were held celebrating the
new dissident provincial govern- j
ment, were bombarded by airplanes '
of the Nanking Nationalist army, j
Twenty were killed and at least 10
injured.
The South China Government at
Canton is unofficially reported as
secretly executing pro-Nanking fas
cists, including some army and navy
officers.

NOTES: President Gabriel Terra
of Uruguay opened the seventh Pan-
American Congerence, urging the
nations of America to stop the war
fare in the Gran Chaco and to lower
tariff barriers.

Congress will start its seventy
third session one month from today.
What with inflationists, hard money
men, disgruntled Republicans and
people like A1 Smith and Ford, some
fun is freely predicted.
