# Stanford Alumnus Speaks At Engineering Meeting
## 
### 
Frank O. Ellenwood, Stanford '04,
spoke last Thursday night before a
joint meeting of the local branches
of the American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers and the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers. !
The subject was his experimental
work on a steam turbine using the
hottest steam yet used in a prime
mover, a paper to be presented at
the winter convention of the A.S.
M.E. in New York.
Frank O. Ellenwood, Stanford '04,
spoke last Thursday night before a
joint meeting of the local branches
of the American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers and the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers. !
The subject was his experimental
work on a steam turbine using the
hottest steam yet used in a prime
mover, a paper to be presented at
the winter convention of the A.S.
M.E. in New York.
Frank O. Ellenwood, Stanford '04,
spoke last Thursday night before a
joint meeting of the local branches
of the American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers and the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers. !
The subject was his experimental
work on a steam turbine using the
hottest steam yet used in a prime
mover, a paper to be presented at
the winter convention of the A.S.
M.E. in New York.
Frank O. Ellenwood, Stanford '04,
spoke last Thursday night before a
joint meeting of the local branches
of the American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers and the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers. !
The subject was his experimental
work on a steam turbine using the
hottest steam yet used in a prime
mover, a paper to be presented at
the winter convention of the A.S.
M.E. in New York.
Frank O. Ellenwood, Stanford '04,
spoke last Thursday night before a
joint meeting of the local branches
of the American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers and the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers. !
The subject was his experimental
work on a steam turbine using the
hottest steam yet used in a prime
mover, a paper to be presented at
the winter convention of the A.S.
M.E. in New York.
Frank O. Ellenwood, Stanford '04,
spoke last Thursday night before a
joint meeting of the local branches
of the American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers and the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers. !
The subject was his experimental
work on a steam turbine using the
hottest steam yet used in a prime
mover, a paper to be presented at
the winter convention of the A.S.
M.E. in New York.
Frank O. Ellenwood, Stanford '04,
spoke last Thursday night before a
joint meeting of the local branches
of the American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers and the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers. !
The subject was his experimental
work on a steam turbine using the
hottest steam yet used in a prime
mover, a paper to be presented at
the winter convention of the A.S.
M.E. in New York.
Frank O. Ellenwood, Stanford '04,
spoke last Thursday night before a
joint meeting of the local branches
of the American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers and the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers. !
The subject was his experimental
work on a steam turbine using the
hottest steam yet used in a prime
mover, a paper to be presented at
the winter convention of the A.S.
M.E. in New York.
Frank O. Ellenwood, Stanford '04,
spoke last Thursday night before a
joint meeting of the local branches
of the American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers and the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers. !
The subject was his experimental
work on a steam turbine using the
hottest steam yet used in a prime
mover, a paper to be presented at
the winter convention of the A.S.
M.E. in New York.
Frank O. Ellenwood, Stanford '04,
spoke last Thursday night before a
joint meeting of the local branches
of the American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers and the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers. !
The subject was his experimental
work on a steam turbine using the
hottest steam yet used in a prime
mover, a paper to be presented at
the winter convention of the A.S.
M.E. in New York.
Frank O. Ellenwood, Stanford '04,
spoke last Thursday night before a
joint meeting of the local branches
of the American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers and the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers. !
The subject was his experimental
work on a steam turbine using the
hottest steam yet used in a prime
mover, a paper to be presented at
the winter convention of the A.S.
M.E. in New York.
Frank O. Ellenwood, Stanford '04,
spoke last Thursday night before a
joint meeting of the local branches
of the American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers and the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers. !
The subject was his experimental
work on a steam turbine using the
hottest steam yet used in a prime
mover, a paper to be presented at
the winter convention of the A.S.
M.E. in New York.
Frank O. Ellenwood, Stanford '04,
spoke last Thursday night before a
joint meeting of the local branches
of the American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers and the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers. !
The subject was his experimental
work on a steam turbine using the
hottest steam yet used in a prime
mover, a paper to be presented at
the winter convention of the A.S.
M.E. in New York.
Frank O. Ellenwood, Stanford '04,
spoke last Thursday night before a
joint meeting of the local branches
of the American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers and the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers. !
The subject was his experimental
work on a steam turbine using the
hottest steam yet used in a prime
mover, a paper to be presented at
the winter convention of the A.S.
M.E. in New York.
Frank O. Ellenwood, Stanford '04,
spoke last Thursday night before a
joint meeting of the local branches
of the American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers and the American
Society of Mechanical Engineers. !
The subject was his experimental
work on a steam turbine using the
hottest steam yet used in a prime
mover, a paper to be presented at
the winter convention of the A.S.
M.E. in New York.
