# Liquor Control
## 
### 
With repeal less than 48 hours
away, government officials were get
ting busy about control. Joseph H.
Choate is understood as requesting
the temporary suspension of liquor
import permits while he gets ac
quainted with the job. Pennsylvania,
Ohio, and Utah will ratify on Tues
day, Utah being last because of the
time difference. Governors of these
states have been asked to telegraph
results immediately to Washington.
* >;Â»
Racketeers are trying to muscle in
on the new liquor deal. Ordinarily,
restaurant keepers can get licenses
easily, but word has been passed
around, that for a fee, political pull
can be used to get them. This is
pure graft according to the State
Board of Equalization, and almost
everyone will get a license anyway.
