# R.C.A. Offers Training, Pay To Electricity Graduates
## 
### 
Twenty-five graduates from elec
trical courses in the United States
will be chosen by the Radio Corpora
tion of America for a year's training
starting July 1, according to informa
tion received by Professor Theodore
H. Morgan of the Electrical Engineer
ing department.
Applicants should get in touch with
Morgan at once. Students will be paid
$125 a month, and at the close of the
year they may choose either broad
casting or communication as their
work.
Twenty-five graduates from elec
trical courses in the United States
will be chosen by the Radio Corpora
tion of America for a year's training
starting July 1, according to informa
tion received by Professor Theodore
H. Morgan of the Electrical Engineer
ing department.
Applicants should get in touch with
Morgan at once. Students will be paid
$125 a month, and at the close of the
year they may choose either broad
casting or communication as their
work.
Twenty-five graduates from elec
trical courses in the United States
will be chosen by the Radio Corpora
tion of America for a year's training
starting July 1, according to informa
tion received by Professor Theodore
H. Morgan of the Electrical Engineer
ing department.
Applicants should get in touch with
Morgan at once. Students will be paid
$125 a month, and at the close of the
year they may choose either broad
casting or communication as their
work.
Twenty-five graduates from elec
trical courses in the United States
will be chosen by the Radio Corpora
tion of America for a year's training
starting July 1, according to informa
tion received by Professor Theodore
H. Morgan of the Electrical Engineer
ing department.
Applicants should get in touch with
Morgan at once. Students will be paid
$125 a month, and at the close of the
year they may choose either broad
casting or communication as their
work.
Twenty-five graduates from elec
trical courses in the United States
will be chosen by the Radio Corpora
tion of America for a year's training
starting July 1, according to informa
tion received by Professor Theodore
H. Morgan of the Electrical Engineer
ing department.
Applicants should get in touch with
Morgan at once. Students will be paid
$125 a month, and at the close of the
year they may choose either broad
casting or communication as their
work.
Twenty-five graduates from elec
trical courses in the United States
will be chosen by the Radio Corpora
tion of America for a year's training
starting July 1, according to informa
tion received by Professor Theodore
H. Morgan of the Electrical Engineer
ing department.
Applicants should get in touch with
Morgan at once. Students will be paid
$125 a month, and at the close of the
year they may choose either broad
casting or communication as their
work.
Twenty-five graduates from elec
trical courses in the United States
will be chosen by the Radio Corpora
tion of America for a year's training
starting July 1, according to informa
tion received by Professor Theodore
H. Morgan of the Electrical Engineer
ing department.
Applicants should get in touch with
Morgan at once. Students will be paid
$125 a month, and at the close of the
year they may choose either broad
casting or communication as their
work.
Twenty-five graduates from elec
trical courses in the United States
will be chosen by the Radio Corpora
tion of America for a year's training
starting July 1, according to informa
tion received by Professor Theodore
H. Morgan of the Electrical Engineer
ing department.
Applicants should get in touch with
Morgan at once. Students will be paid
$125 a month, and at the close of the
year they may choose either broad
casting or communication as their
work.
Twenty-five graduates from elec
trical courses in the United States
will be chosen by the Radio Corpora
tion of America for a year's training
starting July 1, according to informa
tion received by Professor Theodore
H. Morgan of the Electrical Engineer
ing department.
Applicants should get in touch with
Morgan at once. Students will be paid
$125 a month, and at the close of the
year they may choose either broad
casting or communication as their
work.
Twenty-five graduates from elec
trical courses in the United States
will be chosen by the Radio Corpora
tion of America for a year's training
starting July 1, according to informa
tion received by Professor Theodore
H. Morgan of the Electrical Engineer
ing department.
Applicants should get in touch with
Morgan at once. Students will be paid
$125 a month, and at the close of the
year they may choose either broad
casting or communication as their
work.
Twenty-five graduates from elec
trical courses in the United States
will be chosen by the Radio Corpora
tion of America for a year's training
starting July 1, according to informa
tion received by Professor Theodore
H. Morgan of the Electrical Engineer
ing department.
Applicants should get in touch with
Morgan at once. Students will be paid
$125 a month, and at the close of the
year they may choose either broad
casting or communication as their
work.
Twenty-five graduates from elec
trical courses in the United States
will be chosen by the Radio Corpora
tion of America for a year's training
starting July 1, according to informa
tion received by Professor Theodore
H. Morgan of the Electrical Engineer
ing department.
Applicants should get in touch with
Morgan at once. Students will be paid
$125 a month, and at the close of the
year they may choose either broad
casting or communication as their
work.
Twenty-five graduates from elec
trical courses in the United States
will be chosen by the Radio Corpora
tion of America for a year's training
starting July 1, according to informa
tion received by Professor Theodore
H. Morgan of the Electrical Engineer
ing department.
Applicants should get in touch with
Morgan at once. Students will be paid
$125 a month, and at the close of the
year they may choose either broad
casting or communication as their
work.
Twenty-five graduates from elec
trical courses in the United States
will be chosen by the Radio Corpora
tion of America for a year's training
starting July 1, according to informa
tion received by Professor Theodore
H. Morgan of the Electrical Engineer
ing department.
Applicants should get in touch with
Morgan at once. Students will be paid
$125 a month, and at the close of the
year they may choose either broad
casting or communication as their
work.
Twenty-five graduates from elec
trical courses in the United States
will be chosen by the Radio Corpora
tion of America for a year's training
starting July 1, according to informa
tion received by Professor Theodore
H. Morgan of the Electrical Engineer
ing department.
Applicants should get in touch with
Morgan at once. Students will be paid
$125 a month, and at the close of the
year they may choose either broad
casting or communication as their
work.
Twenty-five graduates from elec
trical courses in the United States
will be chosen by the Radio Corpora
tion of America for a year's training
starting July 1, according to informa
tion received by Professor Theodore
H. Morgan of the Electrical Engineer
ing department.
Applicants should get in touch with
Morgan at once. Students will be paid
$125 a month, and at the close of the
year they may choose either broad
casting or communication as their
work.
