# Havana Seaplane Falls in Bay at Miami; One Injured
## 
### 
MIAMI, Fla., Feb. 15— (U.P.)—'The
seaplane E. G. Sewell, arriving here
from Havana with twelve passengers,
fell into the water of Biscayne Bay
just south of Miami late this after
noon. One passenger was slightly
injured but the rest received only a
severe shaking up.
MIAMI, Fla., Feb. 15— (U.P.)—'The
seaplane E. G. Sewell, arriving here
from Havana with twelve passengers,
fell into the water of Biscayne Bay
just south of Miami late this after
noon. One passenger was slightly
injured but the rest received only a
severe shaking up.
MIAMI, Fla., Feb. 15— (U.P.)—'The
seaplane E. G. Sewell, arriving here
from Havana with twelve passengers,
fell into the water of Biscayne Bay
just south of Miami late this after
noon. One passenger was slightly
injured but the rest received only a
severe shaking up.
MIAMI, Fla., Feb. 15— (U.P.)—'The
seaplane E. G. Sewell, arriving here
from Havana with twelve passengers,
fell into the water of Biscayne Bay
just south of Miami late this after
noon. One passenger was slightly
injured but the rest received only a
severe shaking up.
MIAMI, Fla., Feb. 15— (U.P.)—'The
seaplane E. G. Sewell, arriving here
from Havana with twelve passengers,
fell into the water of Biscayne Bay
just south of Miami late this after
noon. One passenger was slightly
injured but the rest received only a
severe shaking up.
MIAMI, Fla., Feb. 15— (U.P.)—'The
seaplane E. G. Sewell, arriving here
from Havana with twelve passengers,
fell into the water of Biscayne Bay
just south of Miami late this after
noon. One passenger was slightly
injured but the rest received only a
severe shaking up.
MIAMI, Fla., Feb. 15— (U.P.)—'The
seaplane E. G. Sewell, arriving here
from Havana with twelve passengers,
fell into the water of Biscayne Bay
just south of Miami late this after
noon. One passenger was slightly
injured but the rest received only a
severe shaking up.
MIAMI, Fla., Feb. 15— (U.P.)—'The
seaplane E. G. Sewell, arriving here
from Havana with twelve passengers,
fell into the water of Biscayne Bay
just south of Miami late this after
noon. One passenger was slightly
injured but the rest received only a
severe shaking up.
MIAMI, Fla., Feb. 15— (U.P.)—'The
seaplane E. G. Sewell, arriving here
from Havana with twelve passengers,
fell into the water of Biscayne Bay
just south of Miami late this after
noon. One passenger was slightly
injured but the rest received only a
severe shaking up.
MIAMI, Fla., Feb. 15— (U.P.)—'The
seaplane E. G. Sewell, arriving here
from Havana with twelve passengers,
fell into the water of Biscayne Bay
just south of Miami late this after
noon. One passenger was slightly
injured but the rest received only a
severe shaking up.
MIAMI, Fla., Feb. 15— (U.P.)—'The
seaplane E. G. Sewell, arriving here
from Havana with twelve passengers,
fell into the water of Biscayne Bay
just south of Miami late this after
noon. One passenger was slightly
injured but the rest received only a
severe shaking up.
MIAMI, Fla., Feb. 15— (U.P.)—'The
seaplane E. G. Sewell, arriving here
from Havana with twelve passengers,
fell into the water of Biscayne Bay
just south of Miami late this after
noon. One passenger was slightly
injured but the rest received only a
severe shaking up.
MIAMI, Fla., Feb. 15— (U.P.)—'The
seaplane E. G. Sewell, arriving here
from Havana with twelve passengers,
fell into the water of Biscayne Bay
just south of Miami late this after
noon. One passenger was slightly
injured but the rest received only a
severe shaking up.
MIAMI, Fla., Feb. 15— (U.P.)—'The
seaplane E. G. Sewell, arriving here
from Havana with twelve passengers,
fell into the water of Biscayne Bay
just south of Miami late this after
noon. One passenger was slightly
injured but the rest received only a
severe shaking up.
MIAMI, Fla., Feb. 15— (U.P.)—'The
seaplane E. G. Sewell, arriving here
from Havana with twelve passengers,
fell into the water of Biscayne Bay
just south of Miami late this after
noon. One passenger was slightly
injured but the rest received only a
severe shaking up.
MIAMI, Fla., Feb. 15— (U.P.)—'The
seaplane E. G. Sewell, arriving here
from Havana with twelve passengers,
fell into the water of Biscayne Bay
just south of Miami late this after
noon. One passenger was slightly
injured but the rest received only a
severe shaking up.
