# DR. SWAIN WILL GO NORTH TO ADDRESS CHEMISTS' MEETING
## 
### 
Dr. Robert E. Swain, head of the
Department of Chemistry, will be the
guest of honor and the principal
speaker at the Pacific Northwest Re
gional Meeting of the American
Chemical Society to be held at Reed
College. Portland, Oregon, on April
6 and 7, under the auspices of the
Oregon Section, and Reed College.
Dr. Swain will speak the evening
of April 6 on "Scientific Research
and Human Welfare." This address
will be of special importance to
chemists, biologists, manufacturers,
legislators, and those interested in
public health, as the speaker is a
recognized authority in this field. Dr.
Swain was engaged as an expert in
the Anaconda Smelter and Salt Lake
Smelter investigations, and in recog
nition of the eminent services ren
dered was awarded in 1923 the medal
of the Chandler Foundation of Colum
bia University.
A dinner for chemists in honor of
Dr. Swain will be given in the Reed
College Commons April 7. At this
time an address will be made on
"Some Technical Phases of the Prob
lems of Industrial Wastes."
Dr. Robert E. Swain, head of the
Department of Chemistry, will be the
guest of honor and the principal
speaker at the Pacific Northwest Re
gional Meeting of the American
Chemical Society to be held at Reed
College. Portland, Oregon, on April
6 and 7, under the auspices of the
Oregon Section, and Reed College.
Dr. Swain will speak the evening
of April 6 on "Scientific Research
and Human Welfare." This address
will be of special importance to
chemists, biologists, manufacturers,
legislators, and those interested in
public health, as the speaker is a
recognized authority in this field. Dr.
Swain was engaged as an expert in
the Anaconda Smelter and Salt Lake
Smelter investigations, and in recog
nition of the eminent services ren
dered was awarded in 1923 the medal
of the Chandler Foundation of Colum
bia University.
A dinner for chemists in honor of
Dr. Swain will be given in the Reed
College Commons April 7. At this
time an address will be made on
"Some Technical Phases of the Prob
lems of Industrial Wastes."
Dr. Robert E. Swain, head of the
Department of Chemistry, will be the
guest of honor and the principal
speaker at the Pacific Northwest Re
gional Meeting of the American
Chemical Society to be held at Reed
College. Portland, Oregon, on April
6 and 7, under the auspices of the
Oregon Section, and Reed College.
Dr. Swain will speak the evening
of April 6 on "Scientific Research
and Human Welfare." This address
will be of special importance to
chemists, biologists, manufacturers,
legislators, and those interested in
public health, as the speaker is a
recognized authority in this field. Dr.
Swain was engaged as an expert in
the Anaconda Smelter and Salt Lake
Smelter investigations, and in recog
nition of the eminent services ren
dered was awarded in 1923 the medal
of the Chandler Foundation of Colum
bia University.
A dinner for chemists in honor of
Dr. Swain will be given in the Reed
College Commons April 7. At this
time an address will be made on
"Some Technical Phases of the Prob
lems of Industrial Wastes."
Dr. Robert E. Swain, head of the
Department of Chemistry, will be the
guest of honor and the principal
speaker at the Pacific Northwest Re
gional Meeting of the American
Chemical Society to be held at Reed
College. Portland, Oregon, on April
6 and 7, under the auspices of the
Oregon Section, and Reed College.
Dr. Swain will speak the evening
of April 6 on "Scientific Research
and Human Welfare." This address
will be of special importance to
chemists, biologists, manufacturers,
legislators, and those interested in
public health, as the speaker is a
recognized authority in this field. Dr.
Swain was engaged as an expert in
the Anaconda Smelter and Salt Lake
Smelter investigations, and in recog
nition of the eminent services ren
dered was awarded in 1923 the medal
of the Chandler Foundation of Colum
bia University.
A dinner for chemists in honor of
Dr. Swain will be given in the Reed
College Commons April 7. At this
time an address will be made on
"Some Technical Phases of the Prob
lems of Industrial Wastes."
Dr. Robert E. Swain, head of the
Department of Chemistry, will be the
guest of honor and the principal
speaker at the Pacific Northwest Re
gional Meeting of the American
Chemical Society to be held at Reed
College. Portland, Oregon, on April
6 and 7, under the auspices of the
Oregon Section, and Reed College.
Dr. Swain will speak the evening
of April 6 on "Scientific Research
and Human Welfare." This address
will be of special importance to
chemists, biologists, manufacturers,
legislators, and those interested in
public health, as the speaker is a
recognized authority in this field. Dr.
Swain was engaged as an expert in
the Anaconda Smelter and Salt Lake
Smelter investigations, and in recog
nition of the eminent services ren
dered was awarded in 1923 the medal
of the Chandler Foundation of Colum
bia University.
A dinner for chemists in honor of
Dr. Swain will be given in the Reed
College Commons April 7. At this
time an address will be made on
"Some Technical Phases of the Prob
lems of Industrial Wastes."
Dr. Robert E. Swain, head of the
Department of Chemistry, will be the
guest of honor and the principal
speaker at the Pacific Northwest Re
gional Meeting of the American
Chemical Society to be held at Reed
College. Portland, Oregon, on April
6 and 7, under the auspices of the
Oregon Section, and Reed College.
Dr. Swain will speak the evening
of April 6 on "Scientific Research
and Human Welfare." This address
will be of special importance to
chemists, biologists, manufacturers,
legislators, and those interested in
public health, as the speaker is a
recognized authority in this field. Dr.
Swain was engaged as an expert in
the Anaconda Smelter and Salt Lake
Smelter investigations, and in recog
nition of the eminent services ren
dered was awarded in 1923 the medal
of the Chandler Foundation of Colum
bia University.
A dinner for chemists in honor of
Dr. Swain will be given in the Reed
College Commons April 7. At this
time an address will be made on
"Some Technical Phases of the Prob
lems of Industrial Wastes."
Dr. Robert E. Swain, head of the
Department of Chemistry, will be the
guest of honor and the principal
speaker at the Pacific Northwest Re
gional Meeting of the American
Chemical Society to be held at Reed
College. Portland, Oregon, on April
6 and 7, under the auspices of the
Oregon Section, and Reed College.
Dr. Swain will speak the evening
of April 6 on "Scientific Research
and Human Welfare." This address
will be of special importance to
chemists, biologists, manufacturers,
legislators, and those interested in
public health, as the speaker is a
recognized authority in this field. Dr.
Swain was engaged as an expert in
the Anaconda Smelter and Salt Lake
Smelter investigations, and in recog
nition of the eminent services ren
dered was awarded in 1923 the medal
of the Chandler Foundation of Colum
bia University.
A dinner for chemists in honor of
Dr. Swain will be given in the Reed
College Commons April 7. At this
time an address will be made on
"Some Technical Phases of the Prob
lems of Industrial Wastes."
Dr. Robert E. Swain, head of the
Department of Chemistry, will be the
guest of honor and the principal
speaker at the Pacific Northwest Re
gional Meeting of the American
Chemical Society to be held at Reed
College. Portland, Oregon, on April
6 and 7, under the auspices of the
Oregon Section, and Reed College.
Dr. Swain will speak the evening
of April 6 on "Scientific Research
and Human Welfare." This address
will be of special importance to
chemists, biologists, manufacturers,
legislators, and those interested in
public health, as the speaker is a
recognized authority in this field. Dr.
Swain was engaged as an expert in
the Anaconda Smelter and Salt Lake
Smelter investigations, and in recog
nition of the eminent services ren
dered was awarded in 1923 the medal
of the Chandler Foundation of Colum
bia University.
A dinner for chemists in honor of
Dr. Swain will be given in the Reed
College Commons April 7. At this
time an address will be made on
"Some Technical Phases of the Prob
lems of Industrial Wastes."
Dr. Robert E. Swain, head of the
Department of Chemistry, will be the
guest of honor and the principal
speaker at the Pacific Northwest Re
gional Meeting of the American
Chemical Society to be held at Reed
College. Portland, Oregon, on April
6 and 7, under the auspices of the
Oregon Section, and Reed College.
Dr. Swain will speak the evening
of April 6 on "Scientific Research
and Human Welfare." This address
will be of special importance to
chemists, biologists, manufacturers,
legislators, and those interested in
public health, as the speaker is a
recognized authority in this field. Dr.
Swain was engaged as an expert in
the Anaconda Smelter and Salt Lake
Smelter investigations, and in recog
nition of the eminent services ren
dered was awarded in 1923 the medal
of the Chandler Foundation of Colum
bia University.
A dinner for chemists in honor of
Dr. Swain will be given in the Reed
College Commons April 7. At this
time an address will be made on
"Some Technical Phases of the Prob
lems of Industrial Wastes."
Dr. Robert E. Swain, head of the
Department of Chemistry, will be the
guest of honor and the principal
speaker at the Pacific Northwest Re
gional Meeting of the American
Chemical Society to be held at Reed
College. Portland, Oregon, on April
6 and 7, under the auspices of the
Oregon Section, and Reed College.
Dr. Swain will speak the evening
of April 6 on "Scientific Research
and Human Welfare." This address
will be of special importance to
chemists, biologists, manufacturers,
legislators, and those interested in
public health, as the speaker is a
recognized authority in this field. Dr.
Swain was engaged as an expert in
the Anaconda Smelter and Salt Lake
Smelter investigations, and in recog
nition of the eminent services ren
dered was awarded in 1923 the medal
of the Chandler Foundation of Colum
bia University.
A dinner for chemists in honor of
Dr. Swain will be given in the Reed
College Commons April 7. At this
time an address will be made on
"Some Technical Phases of the Prob
lems of Industrial Wastes."
Dr. Robert E. Swain, head of the
Department of Chemistry, will be the
guest of honor and the principal
speaker at the Pacific Northwest Re
gional Meeting of the American
Chemical Society to be held at Reed
College. Portland, Oregon, on April
6 and 7, under the auspices of the
Oregon Section, and Reed College.
Dr. Swain will speak the evening
of April 6 on "Scientific Research
and Human Welfare." This address
will be of special importance to
chemists, biologists, manufacturers,
legislators, and those interested in
public health, as the speaker is a
recognized authority in this field. Dr.
Swain was engaged as an expert in
the Anaconda Smelter and Salt Lake
Smelter investigations, and in recog
nition of the eminent services ren
dered was awarded in 1923 the medal
of the Chandler Foundation of Colum
bia University.
A dinner for chemists in honor of
Dr. Swain will be given in the Reed
College Commons April 7. At this
time an address will be made on
"Some Technical Phases of the Prob
lems of Industrial Wastes."
Dr. Robert E. Swain, head of the
Department of Chemistry, will be the
guest of honor and the principal
speaker at the Pacific Northwest Re
gional Meeting of the American
Chemical Society to be held at Reed
College. Portland, Oregon, on April
6 and 7, under the auspices of the
Oregon Section, and Reed College.
Dr. Swain will speak the evening
of April 6 on "Scientific Research
and Human Welfare." This address
will be of special importance to
chemists, biologists, manufacturers,
legislators, and those interested in
public health, as the speaker is a
recognized authority in this field. Dr.
Swain was engaged as an expert in
the Anaconda Smelter and Salt Lake
Smelter investigations, and in recog
nition of the eminent services ren
dered was awarded in 1923 the medal
of the Chandler Foundation of Colum
bia University.
A dinner for chemists in honor of
Dr. Swain will be given in the Reed
College Commons April 7. At this
time an address will be made on
"Some Technical Phases of the Prob
lems of Industrial Wastes."
Dr. Robert E. Swain, head of the
Department of Chemistry, will be the
guest of honor and the principal
speaker at the Pacific Northwest Re
gional Meeting of the American
Chemical Society to be held at Reed
College. Portland, Oregon, on April
6 and 7, under the auspices of the
Oregon Section, and Reed College.
Dr. Swain will speak the evening
of April 6 on "Scientific Research
and Human Welfare." This address
will be of special importance to
chemists, biologists, manufacturers,
legislators, and those interested in
public health, as the speaker is a
recognized authority in this field. Dr.
Swain was engaged as an expert in
the Anaconda Smelter and Salt Lake
Smelter investigations, and in recog
nition of the eminent services ren
dered was awarded in 1923 the medal
of the Chandler Foundation of Colum
bia University.
A dinner for chemists in honor of
Dr. Swain will be given in the Reed
College Commons April 7. At this
time an address will be made on
"Some Technical Phases of the Prob
lems of Industrial Wastes."
Dr. Robert E. Swain, head of the
Department of Chemistry, will be the
guest of honor and the principal
speaker at the Pacific Northwest Re
gional Meeting of the American
Chemical Society to be held at Reed
College. Portland, Oregon, on April
6 and 7, under the auspices of the
Oregon Section, and Reed College.
Dr. Swain will speak the evening
of April 6 on "Scientific Research
and Human Welfare." This address
will be of special importance to
chemists, biologists, manufacturers,
legislators, and those interested in
public health, as the speaker is a
recognized authority in this field. Dr.
Swain was engaged as an expert in
the Anaconda Smelter and Salt Lake
Smelter investigations, and in recog
nition of the eminent services ren
dered was awarded in 1923 the medal
of the Chandler Foundation of Colum
bia University.
A dinner for chemists in honor of
Dr. Swain will be given in the Reed
College Commons April 7. At this
time an address will be made on
"Some Technical Phases of the Prob
lems of Industrial Wastes."
Dr. Robert E. Swain, head of the
Department of Chemistry, will be the
guest of honor and the principal
speaker at the Pacific Northwest Re
gional Meeting of the American
Chemical Society to be held at Reed
College. Portland, Oregon, on April
6 and 7, under the auspices of the
Oregon Section, and Reed College.
Dr. Swain will speak the evening
of April 6 on "Scientific Research
and Human Welfare." This address
will be of special importance to
chemists, biologists, manufacturers,
legislators, and those interested in
public health, as the speaker is a
recognized authority in this field. Dr.
Swain was engaged as an expert in
the Anaconda Smelter and Salt Lake
Smelter investigations, and in recog
nition of the eminent services ren
dered was awarded in 1923 the medal
of the Chandler Foundation of Colum
bia University.
A dinner for chemists in honor of
Dr. Swain will be given in the Reed
College Commons April 7. At this
time an address will be made on
"Some Technical Phases of the Prob
lems of Industrial Wastes."
Dr. Robert E. Swain, head of the
Department of Chemistry, will be the
guest of honor and the principal
speaker at the Pacific Northwest Re
gional Meeting of the American
Chemical Society to be held at Reed
College. Portland, Oregon, on April
6 and 7, under the auspices of the
Oregon Section, and Reed College.
Dr. Swain will speak the evening
of April 6 on "Scientific Research
and Human Welfare." This address
will be of special importance to
chemists, biologists, manufacturers,
legislators, and those interested in
public health, as the speaker is a
recognized authority in this field. Dr.
Swain was engaged as an expert in
the Anaconda Smelter and Salt Lake
Smelter investigations, and in recog
nition of the eminent services ren
dered was awarded in 1923 the medal
of the Chandler Foundation of Colum
bia University.
A dinner for chemists in honor of
Dr. Swain will be given in the Reed
College Commons April 7. At this
time an address will be made on
"Some Technical Phases of the Prob
lems of Industrial Wastes."
