# English Club Meeting.
## 
### 
The English Club will meet to
morrow evening at 8 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi house. Professor W. 11.
Dudley of the Botany department
will show some photographs of Cal
ifornia woods, and will ta-lk infor
mally about them.
The English Club will meet to
morrow evening at 8 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi house. Professor W. 11.
Dudley of the Botany department
will show some photographs of Cal
ifornia woods, and will ta-lk infor
mally about them.
The English Club will meet to
morrow evening at 8 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi house. Professor W. 11.
Dudley of the Botany department
will show some photographs of Cal
ifornia woods, and will ta-lk infor
mally about them.
The English Club will meet to
morrow evening at 8 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi house. Professor W. 11.
Dudley of the Botany department
will show some photographs of Cal
ifornia woods, and will ta-lk infor
mally about them.
The English Club will meet to
morrow evening at 8 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi house. Professor W. 11.
Dudley of the Botany department
will show some photographs of Cal
ifornia woods, and will ta-lk infor
mally about them.
The English Club will meet to
morrow evening at 8 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi house. Professor W. 11.
Dudley of the Botany department
will show some photographs of Cal
ifornia woods, and will ta-lk infor
mally about them.
The English Club will meet to
morrow evening at 8 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi house. Professor W. 11.
Dudley of the Botany department
will show some photographs of Cal
ifornia woods, and will ta-lk infor
mally about them.
The English Club will meet to
morrow evening at 8 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi house. Professor W. 11.
Dudley of the Botany department
will show some photographs of Cal
ifornia woods, and will ta-lk infor
mally about them.
