# Carnot Date Not Changed.
## 
### 
The University of California de
baters have declared against the
plan proposed by Stanford of hold
ing the Carnot debate the last week
pf January instead of the first week
in February. The reason given is
that the time proposed interferes
with the regular contest for the
Bonheim prize, which has already
been scheduled.
The University of California de
baters have declared against the
plan proposed by Stanford of hold
ing the Carnot debate the last week
pf January instead of the first week
in February. The reason given is
that the time proposed interferes
with the regular contest for the
Bonheim prize, which has already
been scheduled.
The University of California de
baters have declared against the
plan proposed by Stanford of hold
ing the Carnot debate the last week
pf January instead of the first week
in February. The reason given is
that the time proposed interferes
with the regular contest for the
Bonheim prize, which has already
been scheduled.
The University of California de
baters have declared against the
plan proposed by Stanford of hold
ing the Carnot debate the last week
pf January instead of the first week
in February. The reason given is
that the time proposed interferes
with the regular contest for the
Bonheim prize, which has already
been scheduled.
The University of California de
baters have declared against the
plan proposed by Stanford of hold
ing the Carnot debate the last week
pf January instead of the first week
in February. The reason given is
that the time proposed interferes
with the regular contest for the
Bonheim prize, which has already
been scheduled.
The University of California de
baters have declared against the
plan proposed by Stanford of hold
ing the Carnot debate the last week
pf January instead of the first week
in February. The reason given is
that the time proposed interferes
with the regular contest for the
Bonheim prize, which has already
been scheduled.
The University of California de
baters have declared against the
plan proposed by Stanford of hold
ing the Carnot debate the last week
pf January instead of the first week
in February. The reason given is
that the time proposed interferes
with the regular contest for the
Bonheim prize, which has already
been scheduled.
The University of California de
baters have declared against the
plan proposed by Stanford of hold
ing the Carnot debate the last week
pf January instead of the first week
in February. The reason given is
that the time proposed interferes
with the regular contest for the
Bonheim prize, which has already
been scheduled.
