# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Forty girls in the Pratt, Kansas,
high school are enrolled in an arch
i erv course.
Forty girls in the Pratt, Kansas,
high school are enrolled in an arch
i erv course.
Forty girls in the Pratt, Kansas,
high school are enrolled in an arch
i erv course.
Forty girls in the Pratt, Kansas,
high school are enrolled in an arch
i erv course.
Forty girls in the Pratt, Kansas,
high school are enrolled in an arch
i erv course.
Forty girls in the Pratt, Kansas,
high school are enrolled in an arch
i erv course.
Forty girls in the Pratt, Kansas,
high school are enrolled in an arch
i erv course.
Forty girls in the Pratt, Kansas,
high school are enrolled in an arch
i erv course.
Forty girls in the Pratt, Kansas,
high school are enrolled in an arch
i erv course.
Forty girls in the Pratt, Kansas,
high school are enrolled in an arch
i erv course.
Forty girls in the Pratt, Kansas,
high school are enrolled in an arch
i erv course.
Forty girls in the Pratt, Kansas,
high school are enrolled in an arch
i erv course.
Forty girls in the Pratt, Kansas,
high school are enrolled in an arch
i erv course.
Forty girls in the Pratt, Kansas,
high school are enrolled in an arch
i erv course.
Forty girls in the Pratt, Kansas,
high school are enrolled in an arch
i erv course.
Forty girls in the Pratt, Kansas,
high school are enrolled in an arch
i erv course.
Forty girls in the Pratt, Kansas,
high school are enrolled in an arch
i erv course.
