# OXFORD STUDENTS OBJECT TO CO-EDS ON THEIR CAMPUS
## 
### 
OXFORD, Eng., Oct. 22. </P>—A
campaign against having co-eds at
Oxford has been renewed by male
students of this ancient university.
For a long time many of the men
students have been strongly against
the co-ed policy. The student maga
zine "Isis" today published an edi
torial against woman students, in
viting them to "make for home,
angels."
One of the complaints '"Isis" has
against the girls is that they are
indecorous—they ride bicycles in
the street "with truly shocking -Jis
play of worsted" and much-belated
breakfasts of chocolate and biscuits
in lecture rooms. The paper adds:
"When Matthew Arnold knew Ox
ford he never envisaged it as the
home of lost hairpins and impos
sible hats."
OXFORD, Eng., Oct. 22. </P>—A
campaign against having co-eds at
Oxford has been renewed by male
students of this ancient university.
For a long time many of the men
students have been strongly against
the co-ed policy. The student maga
zine "Isis" today published an edi
torial against woman students, in
viting them to "make for home,
angels."
One of the complaints '"Isis" has
against the girls is that they are
indecorous—they ride bicycles in
the street "with truly shocking -Jis
play of worsted" and much-belated
breakfasts of chocolate and biscuits
in lecture rooms. The paper adds:
"When Matthew Arnold knew Ox
ford he never envisaged it as the
home of lost hairpins and impos
sible hats."
OXFORD, Eng., Oct. 22. </P>—A
campaign against having co-eds at
Oxford has been renewed by male
students of this ancient university.
For a long time many of the men
students have been strongly against
the co-ed policy. The student maga
zine "Isis" today published an edi
torial against woman students, in
viting them to "make for home,
angels."
One of the complaints '"Isis" has
against the girls is that they are
indecorous—they ride bicycles in
the street "with truly shocking -Jis
play of worsted" and much-belated
breakfasts of chocolate and biscuits
in lecture rooms. The paper adds:
"When Matthew Arnold knew Ox
ford he never envisaged it as the
home of lost hairpins and impos
sible hats."
OXFORD, Eng., Oct. 22. </P>—A
campaign against having co-eds at
Oxford has been renewed by male
students of this ancient university.
For a long time many of the men
students have been strongly against
the co-ed policy. The student maga
zine "Isis" today published an edi
torial against woman students, in
viting them to "make for home,
angels."
One of the complaints '"Isis" has
against the girls is that they are
indecorous—they ride bicycles in
the street "with truly shocking -Jis
play of worsted" and much-belated
breakfasts of chocolate and biscuits
in lecture rooms. The paper adds:
"When Matthew Arnold knew Ox
ford he never envisaged it as the
home of lost hairpins and impos
sible hats."
OXFORD, Eng., Oct. 22. </P>—A
campaign against having co-eds at
Oxford has been renewed by male
students of this ancient university.
For a long time many of the men
students have been strongly against
the co-ed policy. The student maga
zine "Isis" today published an edi
torial against woman students, in
viting them to "make for home,
angels."
One of the complaints '"Isis" has
against the girls is that they are
indecorous—they ride bicycles in
the street "with truly shocking -Jis
play of worsted" and much-belated
breakfasts of chocolate and biscuits
in lecture rooms. The paper adds:
"When Matthew Arnold knew Ox
ford he never envisaged it as the
home of lost hairpins and impos
sible hats."
OXFORD, Eng., Oct. 22. </P>—A
campaign against having co-eds at
Oxford has been renewed by male
students of this ancient university.
For a long time many of the men
students have been strongly against
the co-ed policy. The student maga
zine "Isis" today published an edi
torial against woman students, in
viting them to "make for home,
angels."
One of the complaints '"Isis" has
against the girls is that they are
indecorous—they ride bicycles in
the street "with truly shocking -Jis
play of worsted" and much-belated
breakfasts of chocolate and biscuits
in lecture rooms. The paper adds:
"When Matthew Arnold knew Ox
ford he never envisaged it as the
home of lost hairpins and impos
sible hats."
OXFORD, Eng., Oct. 22. </P>—A
campaign against having co-eds at
Oxford has been renewed by male
students of this ancient university.
For a long time many of the men
students have been strongly against
the co-ed policy. The student maga
zine "Isis" today published an edi
torial against woman students, in
viting them to "make for home,
angels."
One of the complaints '"Isis" has
against the girls is that they are
indecorous—they ride bicycles in
the street "with truly shocking -Jis
play of worsted" and much-belated
breakfasts of chocolate and biscuits
in lecture rooms. The paper adds:
"When Matthew Arnold knew Ox
ford he never envisaged it as the
home of lost hairpins and impos
sible hats."
OXFORD, Eng., Oct. 22. </P>—A
campaign against having co-eds at
Oxford has been renewed by male
students of this ancient university.
For a long time many of the men
students have been strongly against
the co-ed policy. The student maga
zine "Isis" today published an edi
torial against woman students, in
viting them to "make for home,
angels."
One of the complaints '"Isis" has
against the girls is that they are
indecorous—they ride bicycles in
the street "with truly shocking -Jis
play of worsted" and much-belated
breakfasts of chocolate and biscuits
in lecture rooms. The paper adds:
"When Matthew Arnold knew Ox
ford he never envisaged it as the
home of lost hairpins and impos
sible hats."
OXFORD, Eng., Oct. 22. </P>—A
campaign against having co-eds at
Oxford has been renewed by male
students of this ancient university.
For a long time many of the men
students have been strongly against
the co-ed policy. The student maga
zine "Isis" today published an edi
torial against woman students, in
viting them to "make for home,
angels."
One of the complaints '"Isis" has
against the girls is that they are
indecorous—they ride bicycles in
the street "with truly shocking -Jis
play of worsted" and much-belated
breakfasts of chocolate and biscuits
in lecture rooms. The paper adds:
"When Matthew Arnold knew Ox
ford he never envisaged it as the
home of lost hairpins and impos
sible hats."
OXFORD, Eng., Oct. 22. </P>—A
campaign against having co-eds at
Oxford has been renewed by male
students of this ancient university.
For a long time many of the men
students have been strongly against
the co-ed policy. The student maga
zine "Isis" today published an edi
torial against woman students, in
viting them to "make for home,
angels."
One of the complaints '"Isis" has
against the girls is that they are
indecorous—they ride bicycles in
the street "with truly shocking -Jis
play of worsted" and much-belated
breakfasts of chocolate and biscuits
in lecture rooms. The paper adds:
"When Matthew Arnold knew Ox
ford he never envisaged it as the
home of lost hairpins and impos
sible hats."
OXFORD, Eng., Oct. 22. </P>—A
campaign against having co-eds at
Oxford has been renewed by male
students of this ancient university.
For a long time many of the men
students have been strongly against
the co-ed policy. The student maga
zine "Isis" today published an edi
torial against woman students, in
viting them to "make for home,
angels."
One of the complaints '"Isis" has
against the girls is that they are
indecorous—they ride bicycles in
the street "with truly shocking -Jis
play of worsted" and much-belated
breakfasts of chocolate and biscuits
in lecture rooms. The paper adds:
"When Matthew Arnold knew Ox
ford he never envisaged it as the
home of lost hairpins and impos
sible hats."
OXFORD, Eng., Oct. 22. </P>—A
campaign against having co-eds at
Oxford has been renewed by male
students of this ancient university.
For a long time many of the men
students have been strongly against
the co-ed policy. The student maga
zine "Isis" today published an edi
torial against woman students, in
viting them to "make for home,
angels."
One of the complaints '"Isis" has
against the girls is that they are
indecorous—they ride bicycles in
the street "with truly shocking -Jis
play of worsted" and much-belated
breakfasts of chocolate and biscuits
in lecture rooms. The paper adds:
"When Matthew Arnold knew Ox
ford he never envisaged it as the
home of lost hairpins and impos
sible hats."
OXFORD, Eng., Oct. 22. </P>—A
campaign against having co-eds at
Oxford has been renewed by male
students of this ancient university.
For a long time many of the men
students have been strongly against
the co-ed policy. The student maga
zine "Isis" today published an edi
torial against woman students, in
viting them to "make for home,
angels."
One of the complaints '"Isis" has
against the girls is that they are
indecorous—they ride bicycles in
the street "with truly shocking -Jis
play of worsted" and much-belated
breakfasts of chocolate and biscuits
in lecture rooms. The paper adds:
"When Matthew Arnold knew Ox
ford he never envisaged it as the
home of lost hairpins and impos
sible hats."
OXFORD, Eng., Oct. 22. </P>—A
campaign against having co-eds at
Oxford has been renewed by male
students of this ancient university.
For a long time many of the men
students have been strongly against
the co-ed policy. The student maga
zine "Isis" today published an edi
torial against woman students, in
viting them to "make for home,
angels."
One of the complaints '"Isis" has
against the girls is that they are
indecorous—they ride bicycles in
the street "with truly shocking -Jis
play of worsted" and much-belated
breakfasts of chocolate and biscuits
in lecture rooms. The paper adds:
"When Matthew Arnold knew Ox
ford he never envisaged it as the
home of lost hairpins and impos
sible hats."
OXFORD, Eng., Oct. 22. </P>—A
campaign against having co-eds at
Oxford has been renewed by male
students of this ancient university.
For a long time many of the men
students have been strongly against
the co-ed policy. The student maga
zine "Isis" today published an edi
torial against woman students, in
viting them to "make for home,
angels."
One of the complaints '"Isis" has
against the girls is that they are
indecorous—they ride bicycles in
the street "with truly shocking -Jis
play of worsted" and much-belated
breakfasts of chocolate and biscuits
in lecture rooms. The paper adds:
"When Matthew Arnold knew Ox
ford he never envisaged it as the
home of lost hairpins and impos
sible hats."
OXFORD, Eng., Oct. 22. </P>—A
campaign against having co-eds at
Oxford has been renewed by male
students of this ancient university.
For a long time many of the men
students have been strongly against
the co-ed policy. The student maga
zine "Isis" today published an edi
torial against woman students, in
viting them to "make for home,
angels."
One of the complaints '"Isis" has
against the girls is that they are
indecorous—they ride bicycles in
the street "with truly shocking -Jis
play of worsted" and much-belated
breakfasts of chocolate and biscuits
in lecture rooms. The paper adds:
"When Matthew Arnold knew Ox
ford he never envisaged it as the
home of lost hairpins and impos
sible hats."
OXFORD, Eng., Oct. 22. </P>—A
campaign against having co-eds at
Oxford has been renewed by male
students of this ancient university.
For a long time many of the men
students have been strongly against
the co-ed policy. The student maga
zine "Isis" today published an edi
torial against woman students, in
viting them to "make for home,
angels."
One of the complaints '"Isis" has
against the girls is that they are
indecorous—they ride bicycles in
the street "with truly shocking -Jis
play of worsted" and much-belated
breakfasts of chocolate and biscuits
in lecture rooms. The paper adds:
"When Matthew Arnold knew Ox
ford he never envisaged it as the
home of lost hairpins and impos
sible hats."
