# AVIATRIX AWAITS WEATHER
## 
### 
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M., Oct. 22.
dV\—Mrs. Keith Miller, Australian
aviatrix, seeking to set a woman's
West-East flight record, today
awaited favorable weather reports
before continuing her flight from
here. Reports of fog conditions
around Amarillo, Texas, indicated
she would not be able to leave be
fore noon.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M., Oct. 22.
dV\—Mrs. Keith Miller, Australian
aviatrix, seeking to set a woman's
West-East flight record, today
awaited favorable weather reports
before continuing her flight from
here. Reports of fog conditions
around Amarillo, Texas, indicated
she would not be able to leave be
fore noon.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M., Oct. 22.
dV\—Mrs. Keith Miller, Australian
aviatrix, seeking to set a woman's
West-East flight record, today
awaited favorable weather reports
before continuing her flight from
here. Reports of fog conditions
around Amarillo, Texas, indicated
she would not be able to leave be
fore noon.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M., Oct. 22.
dV\—Mrs. Keith Miller, Australian
aviatrix, seeking to set a woman's
West-East flight record, today
awaited favorable weather reports
before continuing her flight from
here. Reports of fog conditions
around Amarillo, Texas, indicated
she would not be able to leave be
fore noon.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M., Oct. 22.
dV\—Mrs. Keith Miller, Australian
aviatrix, seeking to set a woman's
West-East flight record, today
awaited favorable weather reports
before continuing her flight from
here. Reports of fog conditions
around Amarillo, Texas, indicated
she would not be able to leave be
fore noon.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M., Oct. 22.
dV\—Mrs. Keith Miller, Australian
aviatrix, seeking to set a woman's
West-East flight record, today
awaited favorable weather reports
before continuing her flight from
here. Reports of fog conditions
around Amarillo, Texas, indicated
she would not be able to leave be
fore noon.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M., Oct. 22.
dV\—Mrs. Keith Miller, Australian
aviatrix, seeking to set a woman's
West-East flight record, today
awaited favorable weather reports
before continuing her flight from
here. Reports of fog conditions
around Amarillo, Texas, indicated
she would not be able to leave be
fore noon.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M., Oct. 22.
dV\—Mrs. Keith Miller, Australian
aviatrix, seeking to set a woman's
West-East flight record, today
awaited favorable weather reports
before continuing her flight from
here. Reports of fog conditions
around Amarillo, Texas, indicated
she would not be able to leave be
fore noon.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M., Oct. 22.
dV\—Mrs. Keith Miller, Australian
aviatrix, seeking to set a woman's
West-East flight record, today
awaited favorable weather reports
before continuing her flight from
here. Reports of fog conditions
around Amarillo, Texas, indicated
she would not be able to leave be
fore noon.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M., Oct. 22.
dV\—Mrs. Keith Miller, Australian
aviatrix, seeking to set a woman's
West-East flight record, today
awaited favorable weather reports
before continuing her flight from
here. Reports of fog conditions
around Amarillo, Texas, indicated
she would not be able to leave be
fore noon.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M., Oct. 22.
dV\—Mrs. Keith Miller, Australian
aviatrix, seeking to set a woman's
West-East flight record, today
awaited favorable weather reports
before continuing her flight from
here. Reports of fog conditions
around Amarillo, Texas, indicated
she would not be able to leave be
fore noon.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M., Oct. 22.
dV\—Mrs. Keith Miller, Australian
aviatrix, seeking to set a woman's
West-East flight record, today
awaited favorable weather reports
before continuing her flight from
here. Reports of fog conditions
around Amarillo, Texas, indicated
she would not be able to leave be
fore noon.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M., Oct. 22.
dV\—Mrs. Keith Miller, Australian
aviatrix, seeking to set a woman's
West-East flight record, today
awaited favorable weather reports
before continuing her flight from
here. Reports of fog conditions
around Amarillo, Texas, indicated
she would not be able to leave be
fore noon.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M., Oct. 22.
dV\—Mrs. Keith Miller, Australian
aviatrix, seeking to set a woman's
West-East flight record, today
awaited favorable weather reports
before continuing her flight from
here. Reports of fog conditions
around Amarillo, Texas, indicated
she would not be able to leave be
fore noon.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M., Oct. 22.
dV\—Mrs. Keith Miller, Australian
aviatrix, seeking to set a woman's
West-East flight record, today
awaited favorable weather reports
before continuing her flight from
here. Reports of fog conditions
around Amarillo, Texas, indicated
she would not be able to leave be
fore noon.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M., Oct. 22.
dV\—Mrs. Keith Miller, Australian
aviatrix, seeking to set a woman's
West-East flight record, today
awaited favorable weather reports
before continuing her flight from
here. Reports of fog conditions
around Amarillo, Texas, indicated
she would not be able to leave be
fore noon.
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M., Oct. 22.
dV\—Mrs. Keith Miller, Australian
aviatrix, seeking to set a woman's
West-East flight record, today
awaited favorable weather reports
before continuing her flight from
here. Reports of fog conditions
around Amarillo, Texas, indicated
she would not be able to leave be
fore noon.
