# SCRIBES CONFER
## 
### 
BERLIN, Oct. 22. (/Pi—The Inter
national Federation of Journalists
opened a four-day convention here
today. Newspapermen of 25 nations
attended.
BERLIN, Oct. 22. (/Pi—The Inter
national Federation of Journalists
opened a four-day convention here
today. Newspapermen of 25 nations
attended.
BERLIN, Oct. 22. (/Pi—The Inter
national Federation of Journalists
opened a four-day convention here
today. Newspapermen of 25 nations
attended.
BERLIN, Oct. 22. (/Pi—The Inter
national Federation of Journalists
opened a four-day convention here
today. Newspapermen of 25 nations
attended.
BERLIN, Oct. 22. (/Pi—The Inter
national Federation of Journalists
opened a four-day convention here
today. Newspapermen of 25 nations
attended.
BERLIN, Oct. 22. (/Pi—The Inter
national Federation of Journalists
opened a four-day convention here
today. Newspapermen of 25 nations
attended.
BERLIN, Oct. 22. (/Pi—The Inter
national Federation of Journalists
opened a four-day convention here
today. Newspapermen of 25 nations
attended.
BERLIN, Oct. 22. (/Pi—The Inter
national Federation of Journalists
opened a four-day convention here
today. Newspapermen of 25 nations
attended.
BERLIN, Oct. 22. (/Pi—The Inter
national Federation of Journalists
opened a four-day convention here
today. Newspapermen of 25 nations
attended.
BERLIN, Oct. 22. (/Pi—The Inter
national Federation of Journalists
opened a four-day convention here
today. Newspapermen of 25 nations
attended.
BERLIN, Oct. 22. (/Pi—The Inter
national Federation of Journalists
opened a four-day convention here
today. Newspapermen of 25 nations
attended.
BERLIN, Oct. 22. (/Pi—The Inter
national Federation of Journalists
opened a four-day convention here
today. Newspapermen of 25 nations
attended.
BERLIN, Oct. 22. (/Pi—The Inter
national Federation of Journalists
opened a four-day convention here
today. Newspapermen of 25 nations
attended.
BERLIN, Oct. 22. (/Pi—The Inter
national Federation of Journalists
opened a four-day convention here
today. Newspapermen of 25 nations
attended.
BERLIN, Oct. 22. (/Pi—The Inter
national Federation of Journalists
opened a four-day convention here
today. Newspapermen of 25 nations
attended.
BERLIN, Oct. 22. (/Pi—The Inter
national Federation of Journalists
opened a four-day convention here
today. Newspapermen of 25 nations
attended.
BERLIN, Oct. 22. (/Pi—The Inter
national Federation of Journalists
opened a four-day convention here
today. Newspapermen of 25 nations
attended.
