# REPPY ON CAMPUS
## 
### 
Roy V. Peppy of Los Angeles,
president of the Stanford Alumni
Association, and Mrs. Reppy will
be the week-end guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Richard Lockey of Palo Alto.
Roy V. Peppy of Los Angeles,
president of the Stanford Alumni
Association, and Mrs. Reppy will
be the week-end guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Richard Lockey of Palo Alto.
Roy V. Peppy of Los Angeles,
president of the Stanford Alumni
Association, and Mrs. Reppy will
be the week-end guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Richard Lockey of Palo Alto.
Roy V. Peppy of Los Angeles,
president of the Stanford Alumni
Association, and Mrs. Reppy will
be the week-end guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Richard Lockey of Palo Alto.
Roy V. Peppy of Los Angeles,
president of the Stanford Alumni
Association, and Mrs. Reppy will
be the week-end guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Richard Lockey of Palo Alto.
Roy V. Peppy of Los Angeles,
president of the Stanford Alumni
Association, and Mrs. Reppy will
be the week-end guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Richard Lockey of Palo Alto.
Roy V. Peppy of Los Angeles,
president of the Stanford Alumni
Association, and Mrs. Reppy will
be the week-end guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Richard Lockey of Palo Alto.
Roy V. Peppy of Los Angeles,
president of the Stanford Alumni
Association, and Mrs. Reppy will
be the week-end guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Richard Lockey of Palo Alto.
Roy V. Peppy of Los Angeles,
president of the Stanford Alumni
Association, and Mrs. Reppy will
be the week-end guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Richard Lockey of Palo Alto.
Roy V. Peppy of Los Angeles,
president of the Stanford Alumni
Association, and Mrs. Reppy will
be the week-end guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Richard Lockey of Palo Alto.
Roy V. Peppy of Los Angeles,
president of the Stanford Alumni
Association, and Mrs. Reppy will
be the week-end guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Richard Lockey of Palo Alto.
Roy V. Peppy of Los Angeles,
president of the Stanford Alumni
Association, and Mrs. Reppy will
be the week-end guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Richard Lockey of Palo Alto.
Roy V. Peppy of Los Angeles,
president of the Stanford Alumni
Association, and Mrs. Reppy will
be the week-end guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Richard Lockey of Palo Alto.
Roy V. Peppy of Los Angeles,
president of the Stanford Alumni
Association, and Mrs. Reppy will
be the week-end guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Richard Lockey of Palo Alto.
Roy V. Peppy of Los Angeles,
president of the Stanford Alumni
Association, and Mrs. Reppy will
be the week-end guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Richard Lockey of Palo Alto.
Roy V. Peppy of Los Angeles,
president of the Stanford Alumni
Association, and Mrs. Reppy will
be the week-end guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Richard Lockey of Palo Alto.
Roy V. Peppy of Los Angeles,
president of the Stanford Alumni
Association, and Mrs. Reppy will
be the week-end guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Richard Lockey of Palo Alto.
