# BRANNER TO ELECT NEW CLUB OFFICERS
## 
### 
Nominations for secretary, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative for Branncr Club are
now open, according to Madison
Jones, president. Fifteen signatures
of Branner Club members arc ne
cessary to nominate. Nominations
will close Monday evening at !)
o'clock. Elections will be held
Thursday evening, October 30, from
7 to 9 o'clock in Branncr lobby.
Nominations for secretary, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative for Branncr Club are
now open, according to Madison
Jones, president. Fifteen signatures
of Branner Club members arc ne
cessary to nominate. Nominations
will close Monday evening at !)
o'clock. Elections will be held
Thursday evening, October 30, from
7 to 9 o'clock in Branncr lobby.
Nominations for secretary, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative for Branncr Club are
now open, according to Madison
Jones, president. Fifteen signatures
of Branner Club members arc ne
cessary to nominate. Nominations
will close Monday evening at !)
o'clock. Elections will be held
Thursday evening, October 30, from
7 to 9 o'clock in Branncr lobby.
Nominations for secretary, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative for Branncr Club are
now open, according to Madison
Jones, president. Fifteen signatures
of Branner Club members arc ne
cessary to nominate. Nominations
will close Monday evening at !)
o'clock. Elections will be held
Thursday evening, October 30, from
7 to 9 o'clock in Branncr lobby.
Nominations for secretary, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative for Branncr Club are
now open, according to Madison
Jones, president. Fifteen signatures
of Branner Club members arc ne
cessary to nominate. Nominations
will close Monday evening at !)
o'clock. Elections will be held
Thursday evening, October 30, from
7 to 9 o'clock in Branncr lobby.
Nominations for secretary, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative for Branncr Club are
now open, according to Madison
Jones, president. Fifteen signatures
of Branner Club members arc ne
cessary to nominate. Nominations
will close Monday evening at !)
o'clock. Elections will be held
Thursday evening, October 30, from
7 to 9 o'clock in Branncr lobby.
Nominations for secretary, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative for Branncr Club are
now open, according to Madison
Jones, president. Fifteen signatures
of Branner Club members arc ne
cessary to nominate. Nominations
will close Monday evening at !)
o'clock. Elections will be held
Thursday evening, October 30, from
7 to 9 o'clock in Branncr lobby.
Nominations for secretary, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative for Branncr Club are
now open, according to Madison
Jones, president. Fifteen signatures
of Branner Club members arc ne
cessary to nominate. Nominations
will close Monday evening at !)
o'clock. Elections will be held
Thursday evening, October 30, from
7 to 9 o'clock in Branncr lobby.
Nominations for secretary, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative for Branncr Club are
now open, according to Madison
Jones, president. Fifteen signatures
of Branner Club members arc ne
cessary to nominate. Nominations
will close Monday evening at !)
o'clock. Elections will be held
Thursday evening, October 30, from
7 to 9 o'clock in Branncr lobby.
Nominations for secretary, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative for Branncr Club are
now open, according to Madison
Jones, president. Fifteen signatures
of Branner Club members arc ne
cessary to nominate. Nominations
will close Monday evening at !)
o'clock. Elections will be held
Thursday evening, October 30, from
7 to 9 o'clock in Branncr lobby.
Nominations for secretary, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative for Branncr Club are
now open, according to Madison
Jones, president. Fifteen signatures
of Branner Club members arc ne
cessary to nominate. Nominations
will close Monday evening at !)
o'clock. Elections will be held
Thursday evening, October 30, from
7 to 9 o'clock in Branncr lobby.
Nominations for secretary, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative for Branncr Club are
now open, according to Madison
Jones, president. Fifteen signatures
of Branner Club members arc ne
cessary to nominate. Nominations
will close Monday evening at !)
o'clock. Elections will be held
Thursday evening, October 30, from
7 to 9 o'clock in Branncr lobby.
Nominations for secretary, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative for Branncr Club are
now open, according to Madison
Jones, president. Fifteen signatures
of Branner Club members arc ne
cessary to nominate. Nominations
will close Monday evening at !)
o'clock. Elections will be held
Thursday evening, October 30, from
7 to 9 o'clock in Branncr lobby.
Nominations for secretary, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative for Branncr Club are
now open, according to Madison
Jones, president. Fifteen signatures
of Branner Club members arc ne
cessary to nominate. Nominations
will close Monday evening at !)
o'clock. Elections will be held
Thursday evening, October 30, from
7 to 9 o'clock in Branncr lobby.
Nominations for secretary, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative for Branncr Club are
now open, according to Madison
Jones, president. Fifteen signatures
of Branner Club members arc ne
cessary to nominate. Nominations
will close Monday evening at !)
o'clock. Elections will be held
Thursday evening, October 30, from
7 to 9 o'clock in Branncr lobby.
Nominations for secretary, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative for Branncr Club are
now open, according to Madison
Jones, president. Fifteen signatures
of Branner Club members arc ne
cessary to nominate. Nominations
will close Monday evening at !)
o'clock. Elections will be held
Thursday evening, October 30, from
7 to 9 o'clock in Branncr lobby.
Nominations for secretary, sopho
more representative, and senior
representative for Branncr Club are
now open, according to Madison
Jones, president. Fifteen signatures
of Branner Club members arc ne
cessary to nominate. Nominations
will close Monday evening at !)
o'clock. Elections will be held
Thursday evening, October 30, from
7 to 9 o'clock in Branncr lobby.
