# BALLOON RECORD
## 
### 
KIEV, U.S.S.R., Feb. 23 (/P).—An
automatic radio balloon without
passengers reached what was de
scribed as a record height of 40,500
meters (about 133,000 feet) today.
KIEV, U.S.S.R., Feb. 23 (/P).—An
automatic radio balloon without
passengers reached what was de
scribed as a record height of 40,500
meters (about 133,000 feet) today.
KIEV, U.S.S.R., Feb. 23 (/P).—An
automatic radio balloon without
passengers reached what was de
scribed as a record height of 40,500
meters (about 133,000 feet) today.
KIEV, U.S.S.R., Feb. 23 (/P).—An
automatic radio balloon without
passengers reached what was de
scribed as a record height of 40,500
meters (about 133,000 feet) today.
KIEV, U.S.S.R., Feb. 23 (/P).—An
automatic radio balloon without
passengers reached what was de
scribed as a record height of 40,500
meters (about 133,000 feet) today.
KIEV, U.S.S.R., Feb. 23 (/P).—An
automatic radio balloon without
passengers reached what was de
scribed as a record height of 40,500
meters (about 133,000 feet) today.
KIEV, U.S.S.R., Feb. 23 (/P).—An
automatic radio balloon without
passengers reached what was de
scribed as a record height of 40,500
meters (about 133,000 feet) today.
KIEV, U.S.S.R., Feb. 23 (/P).—An
automatic radio balloon without
passengers reached what was de
scribed as a record height of 40,500
meters (about 133,000 feet) today.
KIEV, U.S.S.R., Feb. 23 (/P).—An
automatic radio balloon without
passengers reached what was de
scribed as a record height of 40,500
meters (about 133,000 feet) today.
KIEV, U.S.S.R., Feb. 23 (/P).—An
automatic radio balloon without
passengers reached what was de
scribed as a record height of 40,500
meters (about 133,000 feet) today.
KIEV, U.S.S.R., Feb. 23 (/P).—An
automatic radio balloon without
passengers reached what was de
scribed as a record height of 40,500
meters (about 133,000 feet) today.
KIEV, U.S.S.R., Feb. 23 (/P).—An
automatic radio balloon without
passengers reached what was de
scribed as a record height of 40,500
meters (about 133,000 feet) today.
KIEV, U.S.S.R., Feb. 23 (/P).—An
automatic radio balloon without
passengers reached what was de
scribed as a record height of 40,500
meters (about 133,000 feet) today.
KIEV, U.S.S.R., Feb. 23 (/P).—An
automatic radio balloon without
passengers reached what was de
scribed as a record height of 40,500
meters (about 133,000 feet) today.
KIEV, U.S.S.R., Feb. 23 (/P).—An
automatic radio balloon without
passengers reached what was de
scribed as a record height of 40,500
meters (about 133,000 feet) today.
KIEV, U.S.S.R., Feb. 23 (/P).—An
automatic radio balloon without
passengers reached what was de
scribed as a record height of 40,500
meters (about 133,000 feet) today.
