# FRESNO MEET RUMORED
## 
### 
Rumorj of negotiations for a track
meet with Fresno State March 7,
which have been heard for the past
JO days, will be made more definite
today when Graduate Manager Al
Masters returns to the campus from
Pasadena.
Rumorj of negotiations for a track
meet with Fresno State March 7,
which have been heard for the past
JO days, will be made more definite
today when Graduate Manager Al
Masters returns to the campus from
Pasadena.
Rumorj of negotiations for a track
meet with Fresno State March 7,
which have been heard for the past
JO days, will be made more definite
today when Graduate Manager Al
Masters returns to the campus from
Pasadena.
Rumorj of negotiations for a track
meet with Fresno State March 7,
which have been heard for the past
JO days, will be made more definite
today when Graduate Manager Al
Masters returns to the campus from
Pasadena.
Rumorj of negotiations for a track
meet with Fresno State March 7,
which have been heard for the past
JO days, will be made more definite
today when Graduate Manager Al
Masters returns to the campus from
Pasadena.
Rumorj of negotiations for a track
meet with Fresno State March 7,
which have been heard for the past
JO days, will be made more definite
today when Graduate Manager Al
Masters returns to the campus from
Pasadena.
Rumorj of negotiations for a track
meet with Fresno State March 7,
which have been heard for the past
JO days, will be made more definite
today when Graduate Manager Al
Masters returns to the campus from
Pasadena.
Rumorj of negotiations for a track
meet with Fresno State March 7,
which have been heard for the past
JO days, will be made more definite
today when Graduate Manager Al
Masters returns to the campus from
Pasadena.
Rumorj of negotiations for a track
meet with Fresno State March 7,
which have been heard for the past
JO days, will be made more definite
today when Graduate Manager Al
Masters returns to the campus from
Pasadena.
Rumorj of negotiations for a track
meet with Fresno State March 7,
which have been heard for the past
JO days, will be made more definite
today when Graduate Manager Al
Masters returns to the campus from
Pasadena.
Rumorj of negotiations for a track
meet with Fresno State March 7,
which have been heard for the past
JO days, will be made more definite
today when Graduate Manager Al
Masters returns to the campus from
Pasadena.
Rumorj of negotiations for a track
meet with Fresno State March 7,
which have been heard for the past
JO days, will be made more definite
today when Graduate Manager Al
Masters returns to the campus from
Pasadena.
Rumorj of negotiations for a track
meet with Fresno State March 7,
which have been heard for the past
JO days, will be made more definite
today when Graduate Manager Al
Masters returns to the campus from
Pasadena.
Rumorj of negotiations for a track
meet with Fresno State March 7,
which have been heard for the past
JO days, will be made more definite
today when Graduate Manager Al
Masters returns to the campus from
Pasadena.
Rumorj of negotiations for a track
meet with Fresno State March 7,
which have been heard for the past
JO days, will be made more definite
today when Graduate Manager Al
Masters returns to the campus from
Pasadena.
Rumorj of negotiations for a track
meet with Fresno State March 7,
which have been heard for the past
JO days, will be made more definite
today when Graduate Manager Al
Masters returns to the campus from
Pasadena.
