# Last Year's Winners
## 
### 

THE BREAKERS basketball team last year won the intramural
basketball tourney and this year are considered to have a good
chance at repeating. Left to right. Hick Haber, Roger Munger,
(holding the trophy), and Harlan Carter.

THE BREAKERS basketball team last year won the intramural
basketball tourney and this year are considered to have a good
chance at repeating. Left to right. Hick Haber, Roger Munger,
(holding the trophy), and Harlan Carter.

THE BREAKERS basketball team last year won the intramural
basketball tourney and this year are considered to have a good
chance at repeating. Left to right. Hick Haber, Roger Munger,
(holding the trophy), and Harlan Carter.

THE BREAKERS basketball team last year won the intramural
basketball tourney and this year are considered to have a good
chance at repeating. Left to right. Hick Haber, Roger Munger,
(holding the trophy), and Harlan Carter.

THE BREAKERS basketball team last year won the intramural
basketball tourney and this year are considered to have a good
chance at repeating. Left to right. Hick Haber, Roger Munger,
(holding the trophy), and Harlan Carter.

THE BREAKERS basketball team last year won the intramural
basketball tourney and this year are considered to have a good
chance at repeating. Left to right. Hick Haber, Roger Munger,
(holding the trophy), and Harlan Carter.

THE BREAKERS basketball team last year won the intramural
basketball tourney and this year are considered to have a good
chance at repeating. Left to right. Hick Haber, Roger Munger,
(holding the trophy), and Harlan Carter.

THE BREAKERS basketball team last year won the intramural
basketball tourney and this year are considered to have a good
chance at repeating. Left to right. Hick Haber, Roger Munger,
(holding the trophy), and Harlan Carter.

THE BREAKERS basketball team last year won the intramural
basketball tourney and this year are considered to have a good
chance at repeating. Left to right. Hick Haber, Roger Munger,
(holding the trophy), and Harlan Carter.

THE BREAKERS basketball team last year won the intramural
basketball tourney and this year are considered to have a good
chance at repeating. Left to right. Hick Haber, Roger Munger,
(holding the trophy), and Harlan Carter.

THE BREAKERS basketball team last year won the intramural
basketball tourney and this year are considered to have a good
chance at repeating. Left to right. Hick Haber, Roger Munger,
(holding the trophy), and Harlan Carter.

THE BREAKERS basketball team last year won the intramural
basketball tourney and this year are considered to have a good
chance at repeating. Left to right. Hick Haber, Roger Munger,
(holding the trophy), and Harlan Carter.

THE BREAKERS basketball team last year won the intramural
basketball tourney and this year are considered to have a good
chance at repeating. Left to right. Hick Haber, Roger Munger,
(holding the trophy), and Harlan Carter.

THE BREAKERS basketball team last year won the intramural
basketball tourney and this year are considered to have a good
chance at repeating. Left to right. Hick Haber, Roger Munger,
(holding the trophy), and Harlan Carter.

THE BREAKERS basketball team last year won the intramural
basketball tourney and this year are considered to have a good
chance at repeating. Left to right. Hick Haber, Roger Munger,
(holding the trophy), and Harlan Carter.

THE BREAKERS basketball team last year won the intramural
basketball tourney and this year are considered to have a good
chance at repeating. Left to right. Hick Haber, Roger Munger,
(holding the trophy), and Harlan Carter.
