# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ail important women's mass
meeting has been called for to
morrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
Little Theater to vote on consti
tutional amendments and to make
plans for war work for next year.
All gymnasium classes from 4:30
on will be dismissed tomorrow.
Ail important women's mass
meeting has been called for to
morrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
Little Theater to vote on consti
tutional amendments and to make
plans for war work for next year.
All gymnasium classes from 4:30
on will be dismissed tomorrow.
Ail important women's mass
meeting has been called for to
morrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
Little Theater to vote on consti
tutional amendments and to make
plans for war work for next year.
All gymnasium classes from 4:30
on will be dismissed tomorrow.
Ail important women's mass
meeting has been called for to
morrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
Little Theater to vote on consti
tutional amendments and to make
plans for war work for next year.
All gymnasium classes from 4:30
on will be dismissed tomorrow.
Ail important women's mass
meeting has been called for to
morrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
Little Theater to vote on consti
tutional amendments and to make
plans for war work for next year.
All gymnasium classes from 4:30
on will be dismissed tomorrow.
Ail important women's mass
meeting has been called for to
morrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
Little Theater to vote on consti
tutional amendments and to make
plans for war work for next year.
All gymnasium classes from 4:30
on will be dismissed tomorrow.
Ail important women's mass
meeting has been called for to
morrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
Little Theater to vote on consti
tutional amendments and to make
plans for war work for next year.
All gymnasium classes from 4:30
on will be dismissed tomorrow.
Ail important women's mass
meeting has been called for to
morrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
Little Theater to vote on consti
tutional amendments and to make
plans for war work for next year.
All gymnasium classes from 4:30
on will be dismissed tomorrow.
Ail important women's mass
meeting has been called for to
morrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
Little Theater to vote on consti
tutional amendments and to make
plans for war work for next year.
All gymnasium classes from 4:30
on will be dismissed tomorrow.
Ail important women's mass
meeting has been called for to
morrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
Little Theater to vote on consti
tutional amendments and to make
plans for war work for next year.
All gymnasium classes from 4:30
on will be dismissed tomorrow.
Ail important women's mass
meeting has been called for to
morrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
Little Theater to vote on consti
tutional amendments and to make
plans for war work for next year.
All gymnasium classes from 4:30
on will be dismissed tomorrow.
Ail important women's mass
meeting has been called for to
morrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
Little Theater to vote on consti
tutional amendments and to make
plans for war work for next year.
All gymnasium classes from 4:30
on will be dismissed tomorrow.
Ail important women's mass
meeting has been called for to
morrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
Little Theater to vote on consti
tutional amendments and to make
plans for war work for next year.
All gymnasium classes from 4:30
on will be dismissed tomorrow.
Ail important women's mass
meeting has been called for to
morrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
Little Theater to vote on consti
tutional amendments and to make
plans for war work for next year.
All gymnasium classes from 4:30
on will be dismissed tomorrow.
Ail important women's mass
meeting has been called for to
morrow afternoon at 4:30 in the
Little Theater to vote on consti
tutional amendments and to make
plans for war work for next year.
All gymnasium classes from 4:30
on will be dismissed tomorrow.
