# Naval Aviation in Want of Practical Machinists
## 
### 
The navy is looking for machinists
to go into Naval Aviation. Any men
with practical experience of any sort
in machine shop work, especially with
gas engines, are urged to look into
the possibilities of this work. Ensign
W. B. Curtis. '16, who is on the cam
pus. has some information on the sub
ject but it is urged that applicants
present themselves to Chief Gunner
Jaffee, enrolling officer, 45S Market
street. San Francisco.
Naval Aviation, the latest develop
ment. in Uncle Sam's giant prepara
tions, presents unusual opportunities
to the right sort of men. It is neces
sary that the applicants be in good
physical condition, and that they pre
sent statements from their draft
boards as to their position in the lists.
The navy is looking for machinists
to go into Naval Aviation. Any men
with practical experience of any sort
in machine shop work, especially with
gas engines, are urged to look into
the possibilities of this work. Ensign
W. B. Curtis. '16, who is on the cam
pus. has some information on the sub
ject but it is urged that applicants
present themselves to Chief Gunner
Jaffee, enrolling officer, 45S Market
street. San Francisco.
Naval Aviation, the latest develop
ment. in Uncle Sam's giant prepara
tions, presents unusual opportunities
to the right sort of men. It is neces
sary that the applicants be in good
physical condition, and that they pre
sent statements from their draft
boards as to their position in the lists.
The navy is looking for machinists
to go into Naval Aviation. Any men
with practical experience of any sort
in machine shop work, especially with
gas engines, are urged to look into
the possibilities of this work. Ensign
W. B. Curtis. '16, who is on the cam
pus. has some information on the sub
ject but it is urged that applicants
present themselves to Chief Gunner
Jaffee, enrolling officer, 45S Market
street. San Francisco.
Naval Aviation, the latest develop
ment. in Uncle Sam's giant prepara
tions, presents unusual opportunities
to the right sort of men. It is neces
sary that the applicants be in good
physical condition, and that they pre
sent statements from their draft
boards as to their position in the lists.
The navy is looking for machinists
to go into Naval Aviation. Any men
with practical experience of any sort
in machine shop work, especially with
gas engines, are urged to look into
the possibilities of this work. Ensign
W. B. Curtis. '16, who is on the cam
pus. has some information on the sub
ject but it is urged that applicants
present themselves to Chief Gunner
Jaffee, enrolling officer, 45S Market
street. San Francisco.
Naval Aviation, the latest develop
ment. in Uncle Sam's giant prepara
tions, presents unusual opportunities
to the right sort of men. It is neces
sary that the applicants be in good
physical condition, and that they pre
sent statements from their draft
boards as to their position in the lists.
The navy is looking for machinists
to go into Naval Aviation. Any men
with practical experience of any sort
in machine shop work, especially with
gas engines, are urged to look into
the possibilities of this work. Ensign
W. B. Curtis. '16, who is on the cam
pus. has some information on the sub
ject but it is urged that applicants
present themselves to Chief Gunner
Jaffee, enrolling officer, 45S Market
street. San Francisco.
Naval Aviation, the latest develop
ment. in Uncle Sam's giant prepara
tions, presents unusual opportunities
to the right sort of men. It is neces
sary that the applicants be in good
physical condition, and that they pre
sent statements from their draft
boards as to their position in the lists.
The navy is looking for machinists
to go into Naval Aviation. Any men
with practical experience of any sort
in machine shop work, especially with
gas engines, are urged to look into
the possibilities of this work. Ensign
W. B. Curtis. '16, who is on the cam
pus. has some information on the sub
ject but it is urged that applicants
present themselves to Chief Gunner
Jaffee, enrolling officer, 45S Market
street. San Francisco.
Naval Aviation, the latest develop
ment. in Uncle Sam's giant prepara
tions, presents unusual opportunities
to the right sort of men. It is neces
sary that the applicants be in good
physical condition, and that they pre
sent statements from their draft
boards as to their position in the lists.
The navy is looking for machinists
to go into Naval Aviation. Any men
with practical experience of any sort
in machine shop work, especially with
gas engines, are urged to look into
the possibilities of this work. Ensign
W. B. Curtis. '16, who is on the cam
pus. has some information on the sub
ject but it is urged that applicants
present themselves to Chief Gunner
Jaffee, enrolling officer, 45S Market
street. San Francisco.
Naval Aviation, the latest develop
ment. in Uncle Sam's giant prepara
tions, presents unusual opportunities
to the right sort of men. It is neces
sary that the applicants be in good
physical condition, and that they pre
sent statements from their draft
boards as to their position in the lists.
The navy is looking for machinists
to go into Naval Aviation. Any men
with practical experience of any sort
in machine shop work, especially with
gas engines, are urged to look into
the possibilities of this work. Ensign
W. B. Curtis. '16, who is on the cam
pus. has some information on the sub
ject but it is urged that applicants
present themselves to Chief Gunner
Jaffee, enrolling officer, 45S Market
street. San Francisco.
Naval Aviation, the latest develop
ment. in Uncle Sam's giant prepara
tions, presents unusual opportunities
to the right sort of men. It is neces
sary that the applicants be in good
physical condition, and that they pre
sent statements from their draft
boards as to their position in the lists.
The navy is looking for machinists
to go into Naval Aviation. Any men
with practical experience of any sort
in machine shop work, especially with
gas engines, are urged to look into
the possibilities of this work. Ensign
W. B. Curtis. '16, who is on the cam
pus. has some information on the sub
ject but it is urged that applicants
present themselves to Chief Gunner
Jaffee, enrolling officer, 45S Market
street. San Francisco.
Naval Aviation, the latest develop
ment. in Uncle Sam's giant prepara
tions, presents unusual opportunities
to the right sort of men. It is neces
sary that the applicants be in good
physical condition, and that they pre
sent statements from their draft
boards as to their position in the lists.
The navy is looking for machinists
to go into Naval Aviation. Any men
with practical experience of any sort
in machine shop work, especially with
gas engines, are urged to look into
the possibilities of this work. Ensign
W. B. Curtis. '16, who is on the cam
pus. has some information on the sub
ject but it is urged that applicants
present themselves to Chief Gunner
Jaffee, enrolling officer, 45S Market
street. San Francisco.
Naval Aviation, the latest develop
ment. in Uncle Sam's giant prepara
tions, presents unusual opportunities
to the right sort of men. It is neces
sary that the applicants be in good
physical condition, and that they pre
sent statements from their draft
boards as to their position in the lists.
The navy is looking for machinists
to go into Naval Aviation. Any men
with practical experience of any sort
in machine shop work, especially with
gas engines, are urged to look into
the possibilities of this work. Ensign
W. B. Curtis. '16, who is on the cam
pus. has some information on the sub
ject but it is urged that applicants
present themselves to Chief Gunner
Jaffee, enrolling officer, 45S Market
street. San Francisco.
Naval Aviation, the latest develop
ment. in Uncle Sam's giant prepara
tions, presents unusual opportunities
to the right sort of men. It is neces
sary that the applicants be in good
physical condition, and that they pre
sent statements from their draft
boards as to their position in the lists.
The navy is looking for machinists
to go into Naval Aviation. Any men
with practical experience of any sort
in machine shop work, especially with
gas engines, are urged to look into
the possibilities of this work. Ensign
W. B. Curtis. '16, who is on the cam
pus. has some information on the sub
ject but it is urged that applicants
present themselves to Chief Gunner
Jaffee, enrolling officer, 45S Market
street. San Francisco.
Naval Aviation, the latest develop
ment. in Uncle Sam's giant prepara
tions, presents unusual opportunities
to the right sort of men. It is neces
sary that the applicants be in good
physical condition, and that they pre
sent statements from their draft
boards as to their position in the lists.
The navy is looking for machinists
to go into Naval Aviation. Any men
with practical experience of any sort
in machine shop work, especially with
gas engines, are urged to look into
the possibilities of this work. Ensign
W. B. Curtis. '16, who is on the cam
pus. has some information on the sub
ject but it is urged that applicants
present themselves to Chief Gunner
Jaffee, enrolling officer, 45S Market
street. San Francisco.
Naval Aviation, the latest develop
ment. in Uncle Sam's giant prepara
tions, presents unusual opportunities
to the right sort of men. It is neces
sary that the applicants be in good
physical condition, and that they pre
sent statements from their draft
boards as to their position in the lists.
The navy is looking for machinists
to go into Naval Aviation. Any men
with practical experience of any sort
in machine shop work, especially with
gas engines, are urged to look into
the possibilities of this work. Ensign
W. B. Curtis. '16, who is on the cam
pus. has some information on the sub
ject but it is urged that applicants
present themselves to Chief Gunner
Jaffee, enrolling officer, 45S Market
street. San Francisco.
Naval Aviation, the latest develop
ment. in Uncle Sam's giant prepara
tions, presents unusual opportunities
to the right sort of men. It is neces
sary that the applicants be in good
physical condition, and that they pre
sent statements from their draft
boards as to their position in the lists.
The navy is looking for machinists
to go into Naval Aviation. Any men
with practical experience of any sort
in machine shop work, especially with
gas engines, are urged to look into
the possibilities of this work. Ensign
W. B. Curtis. '16, who is on the cam
pus. has some information on the sub
ject but it is urged that applicants
present themselves to Chief Gunner
Jaffee, enrolling officer, 45S Market
street. San Francisco.
Naval Aviation, the latest develop
ment. in Uncle Sam's giant prepara
tions, presents unusual opportunities
to the right sort of men. It is neces
sary that the applicants be in good
physical condition, and that they pre
sent statements from their draft
boards as to their position in the lists.
