# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The announcement made in yes
terday's papers in regard to the
legacy left the University hy
Senator Stanford was ;t surprise of
the most welcome nature. It was
fully expected that this legacy
would not he turned over to the
trustees in a year or more, but ow
ing to the ceaseless energy and tie
termination of Mrs. Stanford the
legacy has heen paid in full. Com
ing itt this time it means a great
deal to the University and to those
who have the administration of its
affairs. Mrs. Stanford is relieved
to a large degree of her anxiety for
the financial condition of the Uni
versity, and in the trip which she
is taking she has the hest wishes of
the thousand students here for her
welfare and happiness.
The announcement made in yes
terday's papers in regard to the
legacy left the University hy
Senator Stanford was ;t surprise of
the most welcome nature. It was
fully expected that this legacy
would not he turned over to the
trustees in a year or more, but ow
ing to the ceaseless energy and tie
termination of Mrs. Stanford the
legacy has heen paid in full. Com
ing itt this time it means a great
deal to the University and to those
who have the administration of its
affairs. Mrs. Stanford is relieved
to a large degree of her anxiety for
the financial condition of the Uni
versity, and in the trip which she
is taking she has the hest wishes of
the thousand students here for her
welfare and happiness.
The announcement made in yes
terday's papers in regard to the
legacy left the University hy
Senator Stanford was ;t surprise of
the most welcome nature. It was
fully expected that this legacy
would not he turned over to the
trustees in a year or more, but ow
ing to the ceaseless energy and tie
termination of Mrs. Stanford the
legacy has heen paid in full. Com
ing itt this time it means a great
deal to the University and to those
who have the administration of its
affairs. Mrs. Stanford is relieved
to a large degree of her anxiety for
the financial condition of the Uni
versity, and in the trip which she
is taking she has the hest wishes of
the thousand students here for her
welfare and happiness.
The announcement made in yes
terday's papers in regard to the
legacy left the University hy
Senator Stanford was ;t surprise of
the most welcome nature. It was
fully expected that this legacy
would not he turned over to the
trustees in a year or more, but ow
ing to the ceaseless energy and tie
termination of Mrs. Stanford the
legacy has heen paid in full. Com
ing itt this time it means a great
deal to the University and to those
who have the administration of its
affairs. Mrs. Stanford is relieved
to a large degree of her anxiety for
the financial condition of the Uni
versity, and in the trip which she
is taking she has the hest wishes of
the thousand students here for her
welfare and happiness.
