# Ladies Mandolin Club at Redwood.
## 
### 
The Ladies' Mandolin Club,
chaperoned by Dr. and Mrs. Goe
bel, appeared at the closing enter
tainment of the Redwood Flower
Carnival Saturday evening. This
was the club's first public appear
ance, and judging by the many
compliments that the club received
the Universtiy has reason to be
proud of it.
After the program was completed
the members of the club were pre
sented with handsomely designed
souvenir cups and saucers, and ex
quisite bouquets of roses and carna
tions. The committee exerted it
self to the utmost to make the
occasion one to be remembered by
the young ladies. Later in the
evening the club was entertained
at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
Frank, where an elaborate supper
was served. The club is composed
of the following members: Misses
Coombs, Gerichs, and Frank, first
mandolins; Misses Bowman, Weh
ner, and Colin, second mandolins;
Misses Chapman, Wigle, Hyde,
Crowel 1, and Bahr, guitars.
