# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Bootsie SchicfTelin, '53,
to George Liddle, '51, Phi Delt.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Bootsie SchicfTelin, '53,
to George Liddle, '51, Phi Delt.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Bootsie SchicfTelin, '53,
to George Liddle, '51, Phi Delt.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Bootsie SchicfTelin, '53,
to George Liddle, '51, Phi Delt.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Bootsie SchicfTelin, '53,
to George Liddle, '51, Phi Delt.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Bootsie SchicfTelin, '53,
to George Liddle, '51, Phi Delt.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Bootsie SchicfTelin, '53,
to George Liddle, '51, Phi Delt.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Bootsie SchicfTelin, '53,
to George Liddle, '51, Phi Delt.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Bootsie SchicfTelin, '53,
to George Liddle, '51, Phi Delt.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Bootsie SchicfTelin, '53,
to George Liddle, '51, Phi Delt.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Bootsie SchicfTelin, '53,
to George Liddle, '51, Phi Delt.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Bootsie SchicfTelin, '53,
to George Liddle, '51, Phi Delt.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Bootsie SchicfTelin, '53,
to George Liddle, '51, Phi Delt.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Bootsie SchicfTelin, '53,
to George Liddle, '51, Phi Delt.
Storey House announces the en
gagement of Bootsie SchicfTelin, '53,
to George Liddle, '51, Phi Delt.
