# Chappie Open House Slated for Tomorrow
## 
### 
Chaparral magazine will hold an
open house at the Chappie office to
morrow afternoon for all students
interested in working on the pub
lication.
The office will be open from 2 to
3:30.
Chaparral magazine will hold an
open house at the Chappie office to
morrow afternoon for all students
interested in working on the pub
lication.
The office will be open from 2 to
3:30.
Chaparral magazine will hold an
open house at the Chappie office to
morrow afternoon for all students
interested in working on the pub
lication.
The office will be open from 2 to
3:30.
Chaparral magazine will hold an
open house at the Chappie office to
morrow afternoon for all students
interested in working on the pub
lication.
The office will be open from 2 to
3:30.
Chaparral magazine will hold an
open house at the Chappie office to
morrow afternoon for all students
interested in working on the pub
lication.
The office will be open from 2 to
3:30.
Chaparral magazine will hold an
open house at the Chappie office to
morrow afternoon for all students
interested in working on the pub
lication.
The office will be open from 2 to
3:30.
Chaparral magazine will hold an
open house at the Chappie office to
morrow afternoon for all students
interested in working on the pub
lication.
The office will be open from 2 to
3:30.
Chaparral magazine will hold an
open house at the Chappie office to
morrow afternoon for all students
interested in working on the pub
lication.
The office will be open from 2 to
3:30.
Chaparral magazine will hold an
open house at the Chappie office to
morrow afternoon for all students
interested in working on the pub
lication.
The office will be open from 2 to
3:30.
Chaparral magazine will hold an
open house at the Chappie office to
morrow afternoon for all students
interested in working on the pub
lication.
The office will be open from 2 to
3:30.
Chaparral magazine will hold an
open house at the Chappie office to
morrow afternoon for all students
interested in working on the pub
lication.
The office will be open from 2 to
3:30.
Chaparral magazine will hold an
open house at the Chappie office to
morrow afternoon for all students
interested in working on the pub
lication.
The office will be open from 2 to
3:30.
Chaparral magazine will hold an
open house at the Chappie office to
morrow afternoon for all students
interested in working on the pub
lication.
The office will be open from 2 to
3:30.
Chaparral magazine will hold an
open house at the Chappie office to
morrow afternoon for all students
interested in working on the pub
lication.
The office will be open from 2 to
3:30.
Chaparral magazine will hold an
open house at the Chappie office to
morrow afternoon for all students
interested in working on the pub
lication.
The office will be open from 2 to
3:30.
