# REVIVAL SERIES
## Trio of Films Will Be Shown 
### 
A trio of films will be shown at
7:30 tonight at the opening of the
Thursday Revival Series in Cub
berley Auditorium. The series this
quarter is intended to show high
fioints in the development of the
motion picture.
"The Covered Wagon," made in

1923 and famous as the first "out
door epic" of the screen; "The Last
Card," filmed in 1915 with William
S. Hart and typical of the early
popular Westerns; and "Life of an
American Fireman," one of the ear
liest films produced (1903).

An introductory course in the
film is being offered in correla
tion with the series. Speech and
Drama 85 is being taught by Pro
fessor Vardac.
A trio of films will be shown at
7:30 tonight at the opening of the
Thursday Revival Series in Cub
berley Auditorium. The series this
quarter is intended to show high
fioints in the development of the
motion picture.
"The Covered Wagon," made in

1923 and famous as the first "out
door epic" of the screen; "The Last
Card," filmed in 1915 with William
S. Hart and typical of the early
popular Westerns; and "Life of an
American Fireman," one of the ear
liest films produced (1903).

An introductory course in the
film is being offered in correla
tion with the series. Speech and
Drama 85 is being taught by Pro
fessor Vardac.
A trio of films will be shown at
7:30 tonight at the opening of the
Thursday Revival Series in Cub
berley Auditorium. The series this
quarter is intended to show high
fioints in the development of the
motion picture.
"The Covered Wagon," made in

1923 and famous as the first "out
door epic" of the screen; "The Last
Card," filmed in 1915 with William
S. Hart and typical of the early
popular Westerns; and "Life of an
American Fireman," one of the ear
liest films produced (1903).

An introductory course in the
film is being offered in correla
tion with the series. Speech and
Drama 85 is being taught by Pro
fessor Vardac.
A trio of films will be shown at
7:30 tonight at the opening of the
Thursday Revival Series in Cub
berley Auditorium. The series this
quarter is intended to show high
fioints in the development of the
motion picture.
"The Covered Wagon," made in

1923 and famous as the first "out
door epic" of the screen; "The Last
Card," filmed in 1915 with William
S. Hart and typical of the early
popular Westerns; and "Life of an
American Fireman," one of the ear
liest films produced (1903).

An introductory course in the
film is being offered in correla
tion with the series. Speech and
Drama 85 is being taught by Pro
fessor Vardac.
A trio of films will be shown at
7:30 tonight at the opening of the
Thursday Revival Series in Cub
berley Auditorium. The series this
quarter is intended to show high
fioints in the development of the
motion picture.
"The Covered Wagon," made in

1923 and famous as the first "out
door epic" of the screen; "The Last
Card," filmed in 1915 with William
S. Hart and typical of the early
popular Westerns; and "Life of an
American Fireman," one of the ear
liest films produced (1903).

An introductory course in the
film is being offered in correla
tion with the series. Speech and
Drama 85 is being taught by Pro
fessor Vardac.
A trio of films will be shown at
7:30 tonight at the opening of the
Thursday Revival Series in Cub
berley Auditorium. The series this
quarter is intended to show high
fioints in the development of the
motion picture.
"The Covered Wagon," made in

1923 and famous as the first "out
door epic" of the screen; "The Last
Card," filmed in 1915 with William
S. Hart and typical of the early
popular Westerns; and "Life of an
American Fireman," one of the ear
liest films produced (1903).

An introductory course in the
film is being offered in correla
tion with the series. Speech and
Drama 85 is being taught by Pro
fessor Vardac.
A trio of films will be shown at
7:30 tonight at the opening of the
Thursday Revival Series in Cub
berley Auditorium. The series this
quarter is intended to show high
fioints in the development of the
motion picture.
"The Covered Wagon," made in

1923 and famous as the first "out
door epic" of the screen; "The Last
Card," filmed in 1915 with William
S. Hart and typical of the early
popular Westerns; and "Life of an
American Fireman," one of the ear
liest films produced (1903).

An introductory course in the
film is being offered in correla
tion with the series. Speech and
Drama 85 is being taught by Pro
fessor Vardac.
A trio of films will be shown at
7:30 tonight at the opening of the
Thursday Revival Series in Cub
berley Auditorium. The series this
quarter is intended to show high
fioints in the development of the
motion picture.
"The Covered Wagon," made in

1923 and famous as the first "out
door epic" of the screen; "The Last
Card," filmed in 1915 with William
S. Hart and typical of the early
popular Westerns; and "Life of an
American Fireman," one of the ear
liest films produced (1903).

An introductory course in the
film is being offered in correla
tion with the series. Speech and
Drama 85 is being taught by Pro
fessor Vardac.
A trio of films will be shown at
7:30 tonight at the opening of the
Thursday Revival Series in Cub
berley Auditorium. The series this
quarter is intended to show high
fioints in the development of the
motion picture.
"The Covered Wagon," made in

1923 and famous as the first "out
door epic" of the screen; "The Last
Card," filmed in 1915 with William
S. Hart and typical of the early
popular Westerns; and "Life of an
American Fireman," one of the ear
liest films produced (1903).

An introductory course in the
film is being offered in correla
tion with the series. Speech and
Drama 85 is being taught by Pro
fessor Vardac.
A trio of films will be shown at
7:30 tonight at the opening of the
Thursday Revival Series in Cub
berley Auditorium. The series this
quarter is intended to show high
fioints in the development of the
motion picture.
"The Covered Wagon," made in

1923 and famous as the first "out
door epic" of the screen; "The Last
Card," filmed in 1915 with William
S. Hart and typical of the early
popular Westerns; and "Life of an
American Fireman," one of the ear
liest films produced (1903).

An introductory course in the
film is being offered in correla
tion with the series. Speech and
Drama 85 is being taught by Pro
fessor Vardac.
A trio of films will be shown at
7:30 tonight at the opening of the
Thursday Revival Series in Cub
berley Auditorium. The series this
quarter is intended to show high
fioints in the development of the
motion picture.
"The Covered Wagon," made in

1923 and famous as the first "out
door epic" of the screen; "The Last
Card," filmed in 1915 with William
S. Hart and typical of the early
popular Westerns; and "Life of an
American Fireman," one of the ear
liest films produced (1903).

An introductory course in the
film is being offered in correla
tion with the series. Speech and
Drama 85 is being taught by Pro
fessor Vardac.
A trio of films will be shown at
7:30 tonight at the opening of the
Thursday Revival Series in Cub
berley Auditorium. The series this
quarter is intended to show high
fioints in the development of the
motion picture.
"The Covered Wagon," made in

1923 and famous as the first "out
door epic" of the screen; "The Last
Card," filmed in 1915 with William
S. Hart and typical of the early
popular Westerns; and "Life of an
American Fireman," one of the ear
liest films produced (1903).

An introductory course in the
film is being offered in correla
tion with the series. Speech and
Drama 85 is being taught by Pro
fessor Vardac.
A trio of films will be shown at
7:30 tonight at the opening of the
Thursday Revival Series in Cub
berley Auditorium. The series this
quarter is intended to show high
fioints in the development of the
motion picture.
"The Covered Wagon," made in

1923 and famous as the first "out
door epic" of the screen; "The Last
Card," filmed in 1915 with William
S. Hart and typical of the early
popular Westerns; and "Life of an
American Fireman," one of the ear
liest films produced (1903).

An introductory course in the
film is being offered in correla
tion with the series. Speech and
Drama 85 is being taught by Pro
fessor Vardac.
A trio of films will be shown at
7:30 tonight at the opening of the
Thursday Revival Series in Cub
berley Auditorium. The series this
quarter is intended to show high
fioints in the development of the
motion picture.
"The Covered Wagon," made in

1923 and famous as the first "out
door epic" of the screen; "The Last
Card," filmed in 1915 with William
S. Hart and typical of the early
popular Westerns; and "Life of an
American Fireman," one of the ear
liest films produced (1903).

An introductory course in the
film is being offered in correla
tion with the series. Speech and
Drama 85 is being taught by Pro
fessor Vardac.
A trio of films will be shown at
7:30 tonight at the opening of the
Thursday Revival Series in Cub
berley Auditorium. The series this
quarter is intended to show high
fioints in the development of the
motion picture.
"The Covered Wagon," made in

1923 and famous as the first "out
door epic" of the screen; "The Last
Card," filmed in 1915 with William
S. Hart and typical of the early
popular Westerns; and "Life of an
American Fireman," one of the ear
liest films produced (1903).

An introductory course in the
film is being offered in correla
tion with the series. Speech and
Drama 85 is being taught by Pro
fessor Vardac.
