# Off-Campus Clubs To Host Faculty
## 
### 
Nine faculty members have been
invited to be guests of the OfT-Cam
pus Women's Club at a joint meet
ing with the OfT-Campus Men to
day at noon in the Women's Club
house.
They are: Anatole Mazour, John
Loftis, Donald Stanford, Robert-
Peter Aby, Miss Josephine Fishman,
Shau Wing Chan, Matt Khan, John-
David LaPlatte, and Edwin Jaynes.
Nine faculty members have been
invited to be guests of the OfT-Cam
pus Women's Club at a joint meet
ing with the OfT-Campus Men to
day at noon in the Women's Club
house.
They are: Anatole Mazour, John
Loftis, Donald Stanford, Robert-
Peter Aby, Miss Josephine Fishman,
Shau Wing Chan, Matt Khan, John-
David LaPlatte, and Edwin Jaynes.
Nine faculty members have been
invited to be guests of the OfT-Cam
pus Women's Club at a joint meet
ing with the OfT-Campus Men to
day at noon in the Women's Club
house.
They are: Anatole Mazour, John
Loftis, Donald Stanford, Robert-
Peter Aby, Miss Josephine Fishman,
Shau Wing Chan, Matt Khan, John-
David LaPlatte, and Edwin Jaynes.
Nine faculty members have been
invited to be guests of the OfT-Cam
pus Women's Club at a joint meet
ing with the OfT-Campus Men to
day at noon in the Women's Club
house.
They are: Anatole Mazour, John
Loftis, Donald Stanford, Robert-
Peter Aby, Miss Josephine Fishman,
Shau Wing Chan, Matt Khan, John-
David LaPlatte, and Edwin Jaynes.
Nine faculty members have been
invited to be guests of the OfT-Cam
pus Women's Club at a joint meet
ing with the OfT-Campus Men to
day at noon in the Women's Club
house.
They are: Anatole Mazour, John
Loftis, Donald Stanford, Robert-
Peter Aby, Miss Josephine Fishman,
Shau Wing Chan, Matt Khan, John-
David LaPlatte, and Edwin Jaynes.
Nine faculty members have been
invited to be guests of the OfT-Cam
pus Women's Club at a joint meet
ing with the OfT-Campus Men to
day at noon in the Women's Club
house.
They are: Anatole Mazour, John
Loftis, Donald Stanford, Robert-
Peter Aby, Miss Josephine Fishman,
Shau Wing Chan, Matt Khan, John-
David LaPlatte, and Edwin Jaynes.
Nine faculty members have been
invited to be guests of the OfT-Cam
pus Women's Club at a joint meet
ing with the OfT-Campus Men to
day at noon in the Women's Club
house.
They are: Anatole Mazour, John
Loftis, Donald Stanford, Robert-
Peter Aby, Miss Josephine Fishman,
Shau Wing Chan, Matt Khan, John-
David LaPlatte, and Edwin Jaynes.
Nine faculty members have been
invited to be guests of the OfT-Cam
pus Women's Club at a joint meet
ing with the OfT-Campus Men to
day at noon in the Women's Club
house.
They are: Anatole Mazour, John
Loftis, Donald Stanford, Robert-
Peter Aby, Miss Josephine Fishman,
Shau Wing Chan, Matt Khan, John-
David LaPlatte, and Edwin Jaynes.
Nine faculty members have been
invited to be guests of the OfT-Cam
pus Women's Club at a joint meet
ing with the OfT-Campus Men to
day at noon in the Women's Club
house.
They are: Anatole Mazour, John
Loftis, Donald Stanford, Robert-
Peter Aby, Miss Josephine Fishman,
Shau Wing Chan, Matt Khan, John-
David LaPlatte, and Edwin Jaynes.
Nine faculty members have been
invited to be guests of the OfT-Cam
pus Women's Club at a joint meet
ing with the OfT-Campus Men to
day at noon in the Women's Club
house.
They are: Anatole Mazour, John
Loftis, Donald Stanford, Robert-
Peter Aby, Miss Josephine Fishman,
Shau Wing Chan, Matt Khan, John-
David LaPlatte, and Edwin Jaynes.
Nine faculty members have been
invited to be guests of the OfT-Cam
pus Women's Club at a joint meet
ing with the OfT-Campus Men to
day at noon in the Women's Club
house.
They are: Anatole Mazour, John
Loftis, Donald Stanford, Robert-
Peter Aby, Miss Josephine Fishman,
Shau Wing Chan, Matt Khan, John-
David LaPlatte, and Edwin Jaynes.
Nine faculty members have been
invited to be guests of the OfT-Cam
pus Women's Club at a joint meet
ing with the OfT-Campus Men to
day at noon in the Women's Club
house.
They are: Anatole Mazour, John
Loftis, Donald Stanford, Robert-
Peter Aby, Miss Josephine Fishman,
Shau Wing Chan, Matt Khan, John-
David LaPlatte, and Edwin Jaynes.
Nine faculty members have been
invited to be guests of the OfT-Cam
pus Women's Club at a joint meet
ing with the OfT-Campus Men to
day at noon in the Women's Club
house.
They are: Anatole Mazour, John
Loftis, Donald Stanford, Robert-
Peter Aby, Miss Josephine Fishman,
Shau Wing Chan, Matt Khan, John-
David LaPlatte, and Edwin Jaynes.
Nine faculty members have been
invited to be guests of the OfT-Cam
pus Women's Club at a joint meet
ing with the OfT-Campus Men to
day at noon in the Women's Club
house.
They are: Anatole Mazour, John
Loftis, Donald Stanford, Robert-
Peter Aby, Miss Josephine Fishman,
Shau Wing Chan, Matt Khan, John-
David LaPlatte, and Edwin Jaynes.
Nine faculty members have been
invited to be guests of the OfT-Cam
pus Women's Club at a joint meet
ing with the OfT-Campus Men to
day at noon in the Women's Club
house.
They are: Anatole Mazour, John
Loftis, Donald Stanford, Robert-
Peter Aby, Miss Josephine Fishman,
Shau Wing Chan, Matt Khan, John-
David LaPlatte, and Edwin Jaynes.
