# ASPA Leader Will discuss Administration
## 
### 
Featured speaker at this quar
ter's first meeting of the American
Society for Public Administration
Monday will be Dr. Harold Stein,
staff director of the Inter-Univer
sity Case Program, and consultant
to the Public Administration Clear
ing House, in Washington, DC.
Topic of discussion is ' The Use of
Cases in the Teaching of Adminis
tration."
Dr.. Stein, in public service since
1934, has been active in the Federal
Emergency Relief Administration,
the Office of War Mobilization and
Reconversion, the European Recov
ery Program, and the United Na
tions.
Before entering public adminis
tration he taught at the University
of Wisconsin, then served as head
master of Cherry Lawn School in
Connecticut.
Monday's meeting will be held in
the Political Science Department's
West Memorial Library at 4:15 and
is open to all who wish to attend.
Featured speaker at this quar
ter's first meeting of the American
Society for Public Administration
Monday will be Dr. Harold Stein,
staff director of the Inter-Univer
sity Case Program, and consultant
to the Public Administration Clear
ing House, in Washington, DC.
Topic of discussion is ' The Use of
Cases in the Teaching of Adminis
tration."
Dr.. Stein, in public service since
1934, has been active in the Federal
Emergency Relief Administration,
the Office of War Mobilization and
Reconversion, the European Recov
ery Program, and the United Na
tions.
Before entering public adminis
tration he taught at the University
of Wisconsin, then served as head
master of Cherry Lawn School in
Connecticut.
Monday's meeting will be held in
the Political Science Department's
West Memorial Library at 4:15 and
is open to all who wish to attend.
Featured speaker at this quar
ter's first meeting of the American
Society for Public Administration
Monday will be Dr. Harold Stein,
staff director of the Inter-Univer
sity Case Program, and consultant
to the Public Administration Clear
ing House, in Washington, DC.
Topic of discussion is ' The Use of
Cases in the Teaching of Adminis
tration."
Dr.. Stein, in public service since
1934, has been active in the Federal
Emergency Relief Administration,
the Office of War Mobilization and
Reconversion, the European Recov
ery Program, and the United Na
tions.
Before entering public adminis
tration he taught at the University
of Wisconsin, then served as head
master of Cherry Lawn School in
Connecticut.
Monday's meeting will be held in
the Political Science Department's
West Memorial Library at 4:15 and
is open to all who wish to attend.
Featured speaker at this quar
ter's first meeting of the American
Society for Public Administration
Monday will be Dr. Harold Stein,
staff director of the Inter-Univer
sity Case Program, and consultant
to the Public Administration Clear
ing House, in Washington, DC.
Topic of discussion is ' The Use of
Cases in the Teaching of Adminis
tration."
Dr.. Stein, in public service since
1934, has been active in the Federal
Emergency Relief Administration,
the Office of War Mobilization and
Reconversion, the European Recov
ery Program, and the United Na
tions.
Before entering public adminis
tration he taught at the University
of Wisconsin, then served as head
master of Cherry Lawn School in
Connecticut.
Monday's meeting will be held in
the Political Science Department's
West Memorial Library at 4:15 and
is open to all who wish to attend.
Featured speaker at this quar
ter's first meeting of the American
Society for Public Administration
Monday will be Dr. Harold Stein,
staff director of the Inter-Univer
sity Case Program, and consultant
to the Public Administration Clear
ing House, in Washington, DC.
Topic of discussion is ' The Use of
Cases in the Teaching of Adminis
tration."
Dr.. Stein, in public service since
1934, has been active in the Federal
Emergency Relief Administration,
the Office of War Mobilization and
Reconversion, the European Recov
ery Program, and the United Na
tions.
Before entering public adminis
tration he taught at the University
of Wisconsin, then served as head
master of Cherry Lawn School in
Connecticut.
Monday's meeting will be held in
the Political Science Department's
West Memorial Library at 4:15 and
is open to all who wish to attend.
Featured speaker at this quar
ter's first meeting of the American
Society for Public Administration
Monday will be Dr. Harold Stein,
staff director of the Inter-Univer
sity Case Program, and consultant
to the Public Administration Clear
ing House, in Washington, DC.
Topic of discussion is ' The Use of
Cases in the Teaching of Adminis
tration."
Dr.. Stein, in public service since
1934, has been active in the Federal
Emergency Relief Administration,
the Office of War Mobilization and
Reconversion, the European Recov
ery Program, and the United Na
tions.
Before entering public adminis
tration he taught at the University
of Wisconsin, then served as head
master of Cherry Lawn School in
Connecticut.
Monday's meeting will be held in
the Political Science Department's
West Memorial Library at 4:15 and
is open to all who wish to attend.
Featured speaker at this quar
ter's first meeting of the American
Society for Public Administration
Monday will be Dr. Harold Stein,
staff director of the Inter-Univer
sity Case Program, and consultant
to the Public Administration Clear
ing House, in Washington, DC.
Topic of discussion is ' The Use of
Cases in the Teaching of Adminis
tration."
Dr.. Stein, in public service since
1934, has been active in the Federal
Emergency Relief Administration,
the Office of War Mobilization and
Reconversion, the European Recov
ery Program, and the United Na
tions.
Before entering public adminis
tration he taught at the University
of Wisconsin, then served as head
master of Cherry Lawn School in
Connecticut.
Monday's meeting will be held in
the Political Science Department's
West Memorial Library at 4:15 and
is open to all who wish to attend.
Featured speaker at this quar
ter's first meeting of the American
Society for Public Administration
Monday will be Dr. Harold Stein,
staff director of the Inter-Univer
sity Case Program, and consultant
to the Public Administration Clear
ing House, in Washington, DC.
Topic of discussion is ' The Use of
Cases in the Teaching of Adminis
tration."
Dr.. Stein, in public service since
1934, has been active in the Federal
Emergency Relief Administration,
the Office of War Mobilization and
Reconversion, the European Recov
ery Program, and the United Na
tions.
Before entering public adminis
tration he taught at the University
of Wisconsin, then served as head
master of Cherry Lawn School in
Connecticut.
Monday's meeting will be held in
the Political Science Department's
West Memorial Library at 4:15 and
is open to all who wish to attend.
Featured speaker at this quar
ter's first meeting of the American
Society for Public Administration
Monday will be Dr. Harold Stein,
staff director of the Inter-Univer
sity Case Program, and consultant
to the Public Administration Clear
ing House, in Washington, DC.
Topic of discussion is ' The Use of
Cases in the Teaching of Adminis
tration."
Dr.. Stein, in public service since
1934, has been active in the Federal
Emergency Relief Administration,
the Office of War Mobilization and
Reconversion, the European Recov
ery Program, and the United Na
tions.
Before entering public adminis
tration he taught at the University
of Wisconsin, then served as head
master of Cherry Lawn School in
Connecticut.
Monday's meeting will be held in
the Political Science Department's
West Memorial Library at 4:15 and
is open to all who wish to attend.
Featured speaker at this quar
ter's first meeting of the American
Society for Public Administration
Monday will be Dr. Harold Stein,
staff director of the Inter-Univer
sity Case Program, and consultant
to the Public Administration Clear
ing House, in Washington, DC.
Topic of discussion is ' The Use of
Cases in the Teaching of Adminis
tration."
Dr.. Stein, in public service since
1934, has been active in the Federal
Emergency Relief Administration,
the Office of War Mobilization and
Reconversion, the European Recov
ery Program, and the United Na
tions.
Before entering public adminis
tration he taught at the University
of Wisconsin, then served as head
master of Cherry Lawn School in
Connecticut.
Monday's meeting will be held in
the Political Science Department's
West Memorial Library at 4:15 and
is open to all who wish to attend.
Featured speaker at this quar
ter's first meeting of the American
Society for Public Administration
Monday will be Dr. Harold Stein,
staff director of the Inter-Univer
sity Case Program, and consultant
to the Public Administration Clear
ing House, in Washington, DC.
Topic of discussion is ' The Use of
Cases in the Teaching of Adminis
tration."
Dr.. Stein, in public service since
1934, has been active in the Federal
Emergency Relief Administration,
the Office of War Mobilization and
Reconversion, the European Recov
ery Program, and the United Na
tions.
Before entering public adminis
tration he taught at the University
of Wisconsin, then served as head
master of Cherry Lawn School in
Connecticut.
Monday's meeting will be held in
the Political Science Department's
West Memorial Library at 4:15 and
is open to all who wish to attend.
Featured speaker at this quar
ter's first meeting of the American
Society for Public Administration
Monday will be Dr. Harold Stein,
staff director of the Inter-Univer
sity Case Program, and consultant
to the Public Administration Clear
ing House, in Washington, DC.
Topic of discussion is ' The Use of
Cases in the Teaching of Adminis
tration."
Dr.. Stein, in public service since
1934, has been active in the Federal
Emergency Relief Administration,
the Office of War Mobilization and
Reconversion, the European Recov
ery Program, and the United Na
tions.
Before entering public adminis
tration he taught at the University
of Wisconsin, then served as head
master of Cherry Lawn School in
Connecticut.
Monday's meeting will be held in
the Political Science Department's
West Memorial Library at 4:15 and
is open to all who wish to attend.
Featured speaker at this quar
ter's first meeting of the American
Society for Public Administration
Monday will be Dr. Harold Stein,
staff director of the Inter-Univer
sity Case Program, and consultant
to the Public Administration Clear
ing House, in Washington, DC.
Topic of discussion is ' The Use of
Cases in the Teaching of Adminis
tration."
Dr.. Stein, in public service since
1934, has been active in the Federal
Emergency Relief Administration,
the Office of War Mobilization and
Reconversion, the European Recov
ery Program, and the United Na
tions.
Before entering public adminis
tration he taught at the University
of Wisconsin, then served as head
master of Cherry Lawn School in
Connecticut.
Monday's meeting will be held in
the Political Science Department's
West Memorial Library at 4:15 and
is open to all who wish to attend.
Featured speaker at this quar
ter's first meeting of the American
Society for Public Administration
Monday will be Dr. Harold Stein,
staff director of the Inter-Univer
sity Case Program, and consultant
to the Public Administration Clear
ing House, in Washington, DC.
Topic of discussion is ' The Use of
Cases in the Teaching of Adminis
tration."
Dr.. Stein, in public service since
1934, has been active in the Federal
Emergency Relief Administration,
the Office of War Mobilization and
Reconversion, the European Recov
ery Program, and the United Na
tions.
Before entering public adminis
tration he taught at the University
of Wisconsin, then served as head
master of Cherry Lawn School in
Connecticut.
Monday's meeting will be held in
the Political Science Department's
West Memorial Library at 4:15 and
is open to all who wish to attend.
Featured speaker at this quar
ter's first meeting of the American
Society for Public Administration
Monday will be Dr. Harold Stein,
staff director of the Inter-Univer
sity Case Program, and consultant
to the Public Administration Clear
ing House, in Washington, DC.
Topic of discussion is ' The Use of
Cases in the Teaching of Adminis
tration."
Dr.. Stein, in public service since
1934, has been active in the Federal
Emergency Relief Administration,
the Office of War Mobilization and
Reconversion, the European Recov
ery Program, and the United Na
tions.
Before entering public adminis
tration he taught at the University
of Wisconsin, then served as head
master of Cherry Lawn School in
Connecticut.
Monday's meeting will be held in
the Political Science Department's
West Memorial Library at 4:15 and
is open to all who wish to attend.
