# Noted Man to Lecture.
## 
### 
Lieutenant C. G. Calkins, nav
igating officer of the "Olympia,"
Admiral Dewey's flagship, in the
Battle of Manila Bay, will deliver
the Tuesday evening lecture next
week. He stands high in his pro
fession and is highly spoken of by
Dr. Jordan.
In his discussion of "Cromwell's
Quest for Empire," Lieut. Calkins
will compare Cromwell's colonial
policy with our attitude toward the
Philippines. He is a firm anti
expansionist. Dr. Jordan met the
lieutenant some time ago, and rec
ognizing his talents and his pecul
iar suitability to discuss the Phil
ippine situation from having been
engaged in many of the stirring in
cidents at Manila, invited him to
lecture in the chapel last semester,
but pressure of official duties have,
until just lately, prevented him
from accepting.
