# TECHNICIAN DESCRIBES NEW DIAL SYSTEM TO STANFORD ENGINEERS
## 
### 
E. T. Becker, technician of the Palo
Alto exchange of the Pacific Telephone
and Telegraph Company, gave a de
tailed technical talk about the new
dial system being installed by his
company in Palo Alto before a meet
ing of the Stanford Branch of the
American Institute of Electrical En
gineers last night in the Engineering
Building.
At the same meeting plans were
discussed for the trip through KPO's
new broadcasting station in San Fran
cisco on next Saturday morning. Mem
bers of A.I.E.E. will make the trip
and anyone else interested may also
attend. Mr. Becker extended an invita
tion for the society to make a trip
through tiie Palo Alto telephone ex
change on Saturday afternoon, June
first.
Professor Morgan of the Electrical
Engineering School was again chosen
to be Counsellor, and Donald Murray,
next year's chairman, read a letter
from President Schurchardt of the
American Institute of Electrical En
gineers to the student branches of
this organization. The meeting closed
with an introduction of next year's
officers.
