# A.S.S.U. CONCERT HEAD BOOKS SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA
## 
### 
That the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra will probably appear on the
A.S.S.U. Concert Series again next
year is the announcement of Carl
Mather, student concert manager for
1929-30. Alfred Hertz, director, and
his orchestra, are well-known to Stan
ford audiences, the appearance on the
Concert Series program being an an
nual event.
At the present time the symphony
is on a tour of the Northwest and
Rocky Mountain states, playing twen
ty-six concerts in the twenty-three
days of the tour. According to press
comment, they are being exceptionally
well received. The Portland Oregonian
writes, "Perhaps the most interesting
feature of this concert was that it
brought Alfred Hertz, who, we insist,
is the outstanding musical personality
of the Pacific Coast."
That the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra will probably appear on the
A.S.S.U. Concert Series again next
year is the announcement of Carl
Mather, student concert manager for
1929-30. Alfred Hertz, director, and
his orchestra, are well-known to Stan
ford audiences, the appearance on the
Concert Series program being an an
nual event.
At the present time the symphony
is on a tour of the Northwest and
Rocky Mountain states, playing twen
ty-six concerts in the twenty-three
days of the tour. According to press
comment, they are being exceptionally
well received. The Portland Oregonian
writes, "Perhaps the most interesting
feature of this concert was that it
brought Alfred Hertz, who, we insist,
is the outstanding musical personality
of the Pacific Coast."
That the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra will probably appear on the
A.S.S.U. Concert Series again next
year is the announcement of Carl
Mather, student concert manager for
1929-30. Alfred Hertz, director, and
his orchestra, are well-known to Stan
ford audiences, the appearance on the
Concert Series program being an an
nual event.
At the present time the symphony
is on a tour of the Northwest and
Rocky Mountain states, playing twen
ty-six concerts in the twenty-three
days of the tour. According to press
comment, they are being exceptionally
well received. The Portland Oregonian
writes, "Perhaps the most interesting
feature of this concert was that it
brought Alfred Hertz, who, we insist,
is the outstanding musical personality
of the Pacific Coast."
That the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra will probably appear on the
A.S.S.U. Concert Series again next
year is the announcement of Carl
Mather, student concert manager for
1929-30. Alfred Hertz, director, and
his orchestra, are well-known to Stan
ford audiences, the appearance on the
Concert Series program being an an
nual event.
At the present time the symphony
is on a tour of the Northwest and
Rocky Mountain states, playing twen
ty-six concerts in the twenty-three
days of the tour. According to press
comment, they are being exceptionally
well received. The Portland Oregonian
writes, "Perhaps the most interesting
feature of this concert was that it
brought Alfred Hertz, who, we insist,
is the outstanding musical personality
of the Pacific Coast."
That the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra will probably appear on the
A.S.S.U. Concert Series again next
year is the announcement of Carl
Mather, student concert manager for
1929-30. Alfred Hertz, director, and
his orchestra, are well-known to Stan
ford audiences, the appearance on the
Concert Series program being an an
nual event.
At the present time the symphony
is on a tour of the Northwest and
Rocky Mountain states, playing twen
ty-six concerts in the twenty-three
days of the tour. According to press
comment, they are being exceptionally
well received. The Portland Oregonian
writes, "Perhaps the most interesting
feature of this concert was that it
brought Alfred Hertz, who, we insist,
is the outstanding musical personality
of the Pacific Coast."
That the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra will probably appear on the
A.S.S.U. Concert Series again next
year is the announcement of Carl
Mather, student concert manager for
1929-30. Alfred Hertz, director, and
his orchestra, are well-known to Stan
ford audiences, the appearance on the
Concert Series program being an an
nual event.
At the present time the symphony
is on a tour of the Northwest and
Rocky Mountain states, playing twen
ty-six concerts in the twenty-three
days of the tour. According to press
comment, they are being exceptionally
well received. The Portland Oregonian
writes, "Perhaps the most interesting
feature of this concert was that it
brought Alfred Hertz, who, we insist,
is the outstanding musical personality
of the Pacific Coast."
That the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra will probably appear on the
A.S.S.U. Concert Series again next
year is the announcement of Carl
Mather, student concert manager for
1929-30. Alfred Hertz, director, and
his orchestra, are well-known to Stan
ford audiences, the appearance on the
Concert Series program being an an
nual event.
At the present time the symphony
is on a tour of the Northwest and
Rocky Mountain states, playing twen
ty-six concerts in the twenty-three
days of the tour. According to press
comment, they are being exceptionally
well received. The Portland Oregonian
writes, "Perhaps the most interesting
feature of this concert was that it
brought Alfred Hertz, who, we insist,
is the outstanding musical personality
of the Pacific Coast."
That the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra will probably appear on the
A.S.S.U. Concert Series again next
year is the announcement of Carl
Mather, student concert manager for
1929-30. Alfred Hertz, director, and
his orchestra, are well-known to Stan
ford audiences, the appearance on the
Concert Series program being an an
nual event.
At the present time the symphony
is on a tour of the Northwest and
Rocky Mountain states, playing twen
ty-six concerts in the twenty-three
days of the tour. According to press
comment, they are being exceptionally
well received. The Portland Oregonian
writes, "Perhaps the most interesting
feature of this concert was that it
brought Alfred Hertz, who, we insist,
is the outstanding musical personality
of the Pacific Coast."
That the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra will probably appear on the
A.S.S.U. Concert Series again next
year is the announcement of Carl
Mather, student concert manager for
1929-30. Alfred Hertz, director, and
his orchestra, are well-known to Stan
ford audiences, the appearance on the
Concert Series program being an an
nual event.
At the present time the symphony
is on a tour of the Northwest and
Rocky Mountain states, playing twen
ty-six concerts in the twenty-three
days of the tour. According to press
comment, they are being exceptionally
well received. The Portland Oregonian
writes, "Perhaps the most interesting
feature of this concert was that it
brought Alfred Hertz, who, we insist,
is the outstanding musical personality
of the Pacific Coast."
That the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra will probably appear on the
A.S.S.U. Concert Series again next
year is the announcement of Carl
Mather, student concert manager for
1929-30. Alfred Hertz, director, and
his orchestra, are well-known to Stan
ford audiences, the appearance on the
Concert Series program being an an
nual event.
At the present time the symphony
is on a tour of the Northwest and
Rocky Mountain states, playing twen
ty-six concerts in the twenty-three
days of the tour. According to press
comment, they are being exceptionally
well received. The Portland Oregonian
writes, "Perhaps the most interesting
feature of this concert was that it
brought Alfred Hertz, who, we insist,
is the outstanding musical personality
of the Pacific Coast."
That the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra will probably appear on the
A.S.S.U. Concert Series again next
year is the announcement of Carl
Mather, student concert manager for
1929-30. Alfred Hertz, director, and
his orchestra, are well-known to Stan
ford audiences, the appearance on the
Concert Series program being an an
nual event.
At the present time the symphony
is on a tour of the Northwest and
Rocky Mountain states, playing twen
ty-six concerts in the twenty-three
days of the tour. According to press
comment, they are being exceptionally
well received. The Portland Oregonian
writes, "Perhaps the most interesting
feature of this concert was that it
brought Alfred Hertz, who, we insist,
is the outstanding musical personality
of the Pacific Coast."
That the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra will probably appear on the
A.S.S.U. Concert Series again next
year is the announcement of Carl
Mather, student concert manager for
1929-30. Alfred Hertz, director, and
his orchestra, are well-known to Stan
ford audiences, the appearance on the
Concert Series program being an an
nual event.
At the present time the symphony
is on a tour of the Northwest and
Rocky Mountain states, playing twen
ty-six concerts in the twenty-three
days of the tour. According to press
comment, they are being exceptionally
well received. The Portland Oregonian
writes, "Perhaps the most interesting
feature of this concert was that it
brought Alfred Hertz, who, we insist,
is the outstanding musical personality
of the Pacific Coast."
That the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra will probably appear on the
A.S.S.U. Concert Series again next
year is the announcement of Carl
Mather, student concert manager for
1929-30. Alfred Hertz, director, and
his orchestra, are well-known to Stan
ford audiences, the appearance on the
Concert Series program being an an
nual event.
At the present time the symphony
is on a tour of the Northwest and
Rocky Mountain states, playing twen
ty-six concerts in the twenty-three
days of the tour. According to press
comment, they are being exceptionally
well received. The Portland Oregonian
writes, "Perhaps the most interesting
feature of this concert was that it
brought Alfred Hertz, who, we insist,
is the outstanding musical personality
of the Pacific Coast."
That the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra will probably appear on the
A.S.S.U. Concert Series again next
year is the announcement of Carl
Mather, student concert manager for
1929-30. Alfred Hertz, director, and
his orchestra, are well-known to Stan
ford audiences, the appearance on the
Concert Series program being an an
nual event.
At the present time the symphony
is on a tour of the Northwest and
Rocky Mountain states, playing twen
ty-six concerts in the twenty-three
days of the tour. According to press
comment, they are being exceptionally
well received. The Portland Oregonian
writes, "Perhaps the most interesting
feature of this concert was that it
brought Alfred Hertz, who, we insist,
is the outstanding musical personality
of the Pacific Coast."
That the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra will probably appear on the
A.S.S.U. Concert Series again next
year is the announcement of Carl
Mather, student concert manager for
1929-30. Alfred Hertz, director, and
his orchestra, are well-known to Stan
ford audiences, the appearance on the
Concert Series program being an an
nual event.
At the present time the symphony
is on a tour of the Northwest and
Rocky Mountain states, playing twen
ty-six concerts in the twenty-three
days of the tour. According to press
comment, they are being exceptionally
well received. The Portland Oregonian
writes, "Perhaps the most interesting
feature of this concert was that it
brought Alfred Hertz, who, we insist,
is the outstanding musical personality
of the Pacific Coast."
That the San Francisco Symphony
Orchestra will probably appear on the
A.S.S.U. Concert Series again next
year is the announcement of Carl
Mather, student concert manager for
1929-30. Alfred Hertz, director, and
his orchestra, are well-known to Stan
ford audiences, the appearance on the
Concert Series program being an an
nual event.
At the present time the symphony
is on a tour of the Northwest and
Rocky Mountain states, playing twen
ty-six concerts in the twenty-three
days of the tour. According to press
comment, they are being exceptionally
well received. The Portland Oregonian
writes, "Perhaps the most interesting
feature of this concert was that it
brought Alfred Hertz, who, we insist,
is the outstanding musical personality
of the Pacific Coast."
