# HOOVER TO CONSTRUCT RADIO
## 
### 
Herbert Hoover, Jr., has been grant- j
ed a license, by the Federal Radio
Commission, to construct an experi
mental radio station at Stanford Uni
versity. The call letters will be W6XM.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., has been grant- j
ed a license, by the Federal Radio
Commission, to construct an experi
mental radio station at Stanford Uni
versity. The call letters will be W6XM.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., has been grant- j
ed a license, by the Federal Radio
Commission, to construct an experi
mental radio station at Stanford Uni
versity. The call letters will be W6XM.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., has been grant- j
ed a license, by the Federal Radio
Commission, to construct an experi
mental radio station at Stanford Uni
versity. The call letters will be W6XM.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., has been grant- j
ed a license, by the Federal Radio
Commission, to construct an experi
mental radio station at Stanford Uni
versity. The call letters will be W6XM.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., has been grant- j
ed a license, by the Federal Radio
Commission, to construct an experi
mental radio station at Stanford Uni
versity. The call letters will be W6XM.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., has been grant- j
ed a license, by the Federal Radio
Commission, to construct an experi
mental radio station at Stanford Uni
versity. The call letters will be W6XM.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., has been grant- j
ed a license, by the Federal Radio
Commission, to construct an experi
mental radio station at Stanford Uni
versity. The call letters will be W6XM.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., has been grant- j
ed a license, by the Federal Radio
Commission, to construct an experi
mental radio station at Stanford Uni
versity. The call letters will be W6XM.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., has been grant- j
ed a license, by the Federal Radio
Commission, to construct an experi
mental radio station at Stanford Uni
versity. The call letters will be W6XM.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., has been grant- j
ed a license, by the Federal Radio
Commission, to construct an experi
mental radio station at Stanford Uni
versity. The call letters will be W6XM.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., has been grant- j
ed a license, by the Federal Radio
Commission, to construct an experi
mental radio station at Stanford Uni
versity. The call letters will be W6XM.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., has been grant- j
ed a license, by the Federal Radio
Commission, to construct an experi
mental radio station at Stanford Uni
versity. The call letters will be W6XM.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., has been grant- j
ed a license, by the Federal Radio
Commission, to construct an experi
mental radio station at Stanford Uni
versity. The call letters will be W6XM.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., has been grant- j
ed a license, by the Federal Radio
Commission, to construct an experi
mental radio station at Stanford Uni
versity. The call letters will be W6XM.
Herbert Hoover, Jr., has been grant- j
ed a license, by the Federal Radio
Commission, to construct an experi
mental radio station at Stanford Uni
versity. The call letters will be W6XM.
