# A.T.O. PLEDGE
## 
### 
Intei fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Halwell, '40.
to Alpha Tau Omega.
Intei fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Halwell, '40.
to Alpha Tau Omega.
Intei fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Halwell, '40.
to Alpha Tau Omega.
Intei fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Halwell, '40.
to Alpha Tau Omega.
Intei fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Halwell, '40.
to Alpha Tau Omega.
Intei fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Halwell, '40.
to Alpha Tau Omega.
Intei fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Halwell, '40.
to Alpha Tau Omega.
Intei fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Halwell, '40.
to Alpha Tau Omega.
Intei fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Halwell, '40.
to Alpha Tau Omega.
Intei fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Halwell, '40.
to Alpha Tau Omega.
Intei fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Halwell, '40.
to Alpha Tau Omega.
Intei fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Halwell, '40.
to Alpha Tau Omega.
Intei fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Halwell, '40.
to Alpha Tau Omega.
Intei fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Halwell, '40.
to Alpha Tau Omega.
Intei fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Halwell, '40.
to Alpha Tau Omega.
Intei fraternity Council announces
the pledging of Robert Halwell, '40.
to Alpha Tau Omega.
