# Faculty to Attend Dinner, Discussion
## 
### 
More than 300 members of the
Stanford faculty and Board of Trus
tees will attend a dinner to be held
at Lagunita dining hall tomorrow
evening to discuss several problems
confronting the Stanford family.
Senator Louis H. Roseberry, vice
president and manager of the trust
department of the Security - First
National Bank of Los Angeles, will
be the principal speaker of the eve
ning.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur is to
preside at the dinner.
More than 300 members of the
Stanford faculty and Board of Trus
tees will attend a dinner to be held
at Lagunita dining hall tomorrow
evening to discuss several problems
confronting the Stanford family.
Senator Louis H. Roseberry, vice
president and manager of the trust
department of the Security - First
National Bank of Los Angeles, will
be the principal speaker of the eve
ning.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur is to
preside at the dinner.
More than 300 members of the
Stanford faculty and Board of Trus
tees will attend a dinner to be held
at Lagunita dining hall tomorrow
evening to discuss several problems
confronting the Stanford family.
Senator Louis H. Roseberry, vice
president and manager of the trust
department of the Security - First
National Bank of Los Angeles, will
be the principal speaker of the eve
ning.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur is to
preside at the dinner.
More than 300 members of the
Stanford faculty and Board of Trus
tees will attend a dinner to be held
at Lagunita dining hall tomorrow
evening to discuss several problems
confronting the Stanford family.
Senator Louis H. Roseberry, vice
president and manager of the trust
department of the Security - First
National Bank of Los Angeles, will
be the principal speaker of the eve
ning.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur is to
preside at the dinner.
More than 300 members of the
Stanford faculty and Board of Trus
tees will attend a dinner to be held
at Lagunita dining hall tomorrow
evening to discuss several problems
confronting the Stanford family.
Senator Louis H. Roseberry, vice
president and manager of the trust
department of the Security - First
National Bank of Los Angeles, will
be the principal speaker of the eve
ning.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur is to
preside at the dinner.
More than 300 members of the
Stanford faculty and Board of Trus
tees will attend a dinner to be held
at Lagunita dining hall tomorrow
evening to discuss several problems
confronting the Stanford family.
Senator Louis H. Roseberry, vice
president and manager of the trust
department of the Security - First
National Bank of Los Angeles, will
be the principal speaker of the eve
ning.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur is to
preside at the dinner.
More than 300 members of the
Stanford faculty and Board of Trus
tees will attend a dinner to be held
at Lagunita dining hall tomorrow
evening to discuss several problems
confronting the Stanford family.
Senator Louis H. Roseberry, vice
president and manager of the trust
department of the Security - First
National Bank of Los Angeles, will
be the principal speaker of the eve
ning.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur is to
preside at the dinner.
More than 300 members of the
Stanford faculty and Board of Trus
tees will attend a dinner to be held
at Lagunita dining hall tomorrow
evening to discuss several problems
confronting the Stanford family.
Senator Louis H. Roseberry, vice
president and manager of the trust
department of the Security - First
National Bank of Los Angeles, will
be the principal speaker of the eve
ning.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur is to
preside at the dinner.
More than 300 members of the
Stanford faculty and Board of Trus
tees will attend a dinner to be held
at Lagunita dining hall tomorrow
evening to discuss several problems
confronting the Stanford family.
Senator Louis H. Roseberry, vice
president and manager of the trust
department of the Security - First
National Bank of Los Angeles, will
be the principal speaker of the eve
ning.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur is to
preside at the dinner.
More than 300 members of the
Stanford faculty and Board of Trus
tees will attend a dinner to be held
at Lagunita dining hall tomorrow
evening to discuss several problems
confronting the Stanford family.
Senator Louis H. Roseberry, vice
president and manager of the trust
department of the Security - First
National Bank of Los Angeles, will
be the principal speaker of the eve
ning.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur is to
preside at the dinner.
More than 300 members of the
Stanford faculty and Board of Trus
tees will attend a dinner to be held
at Lagunita dining hall tomorrow
evening to discuss several problems
confronting the Stanford family.
Senator Louis H. Roseberry, vice
president and manager of the trust
department of the Security - First
National Bank of Los Angeles, will
be the principal speaker of the eve
ning.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur is to
preside at the dinner.
More than 300 members of the
Stanford faculty and Board of Trus
tees will attend a dinner to be held
at Lagunita dining hall tomorrow
evening to discuss several problems
confronting the Stanford family.
Senator Louis H. Roseberry, vice
president and manager of the trust
department of the Security - First
National Bank of Los Angeles, will
be the principal speaker of the eve
ning.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur is to
preside at the dinner.
More than 300 members of the
Stanford faculty and Board of Trus
tees will attend a dinner to be held
at Lagunita dining hall tomorrow
evening to discuss several problems
confronting the Stanford family.
Senator Louis H. Roseberry, vice
president and manager of the trust
department of the Security - First
National Bank of Los Angeles, will
be the principal speaker of the eve
ning.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur is to
preside at the dinner.
More than 300 members of the
Stanford faculty and Board of Trus
tees will attend a dinner to be held
at Lagunita dining hall tomorrow
evening to discuss several problems
confronting the Stanford family.
Senator Louis H. Roseberry, vice
president and manager of the trust
department of the Security - First
National Bank of Los Angeles, will
be the principal speaker of the eve
ning.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur is to
preside at the dinner.
More than 300 members of the
Stanford faculty and Board of Trus
tees will attend a dinner to be held
at Lagunita dining hall tomorrow
evening to discuss several problems
confronting the Stanford family.
Senator Louis H. Roseberry, vice
president and manager of the trust
department of the Security - First
National Bank of Los Angeles, will
be the principal speaker of the eve
ning.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur is to
preside at the dinner.
More than 300 members of the
Stanford faculty and Board of Trus
tees will attend a dinner to be held
at Lagunita dining hall tomorrow
evening to discuss several problems
confronting the Stanford family.
Senator Louis H. Roseberry, vice
president and manager of the trust
department of the Security - First
National Bank of Los Angeles, will
be the principal speaker of the eve
ning.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur is to
preside at the dinner.
