# Assembly Slashes U.C. Appropriation
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO, April 18 (UP).—
The State Assembly today reversed
its stand of last week and voted to
reduce the two-year appropriation
for the University of California to
$15,203,704. a cut of $1,300,000.
The vote was 39 to 37, but action
was not final since the routine no
tice of motion to reconsider—given
on all budget items considered to
date—was offered by Assemblyman
George P. Miller, D., Alameda.
SACRAMENTO, April 18 (UP).—
The State Assembly today reversed
its stand of last week and voted to
reduce the two-year appropriation
for the University of California to
$15,203,704. a cut of $1,300,000.
The vote was 39 to 37, but action
was not final since the routine no
tice of motion to reconsider—given
on all budget items considered to
date—was offered by Assemblyman
George P. Miller, D., Alameda.
SACRAMENTO, April 18 (UP).—
The State Assembly today reversed
its stand of last week and voted to
reduce the two-year appropriation
for the University of California to
$15,203,704. a cut of $1,300,000.
The vote was 39 to 37, but action
was not final since the routine no
tice of motion to reconsider—given
on all budget items considered to
date—was offered by Assemblyman
George P. Miller, D., Alameda.
SACRAMENTO, April 18 (UP).—
The State Assembly today reversed
its stand of last week and voted to
reduce the two-year appropriation
for the University of California to
$15,203,704. a cut of $1,300,000.
The vote was 39 to 37, but action
was not final since the routine no
tice of motion to reconsider—given
on all budget items considered to
date—was offered by Assemblyman
George P. Miller, D., Alameda.
SACRAMENTO, April 18 (UP).—
The State Assembly today reversed
its stand of last week and voted to
reduce the two-year appropriation
for the University of California to
$15,203,704. a cut of $1,300,000.
The vote was 39 to 37, but action
was not final since the routine no
tice of motion to reconsider—given
on all budget items considered to
date—was offered by Assemblyman
George P. Miller, D., Alameda.
SACRAMENTO, April 18 (UP).—
The State Assembly today reversed
its stand of last week and voted to
reduce the two-year appropriation
for the University of California to
$15,203,704. a cut of $1,300,000.
The vote was 39 to 37, but action
was not final since the routine no
tice of motion to reconsider—given
on all budget items considered to
date—was offered by Assemblyman
George P. Miller, D., Alameda.
SACRAMENTO, April 18 (UP).—
The State Assembly today reversed
its stand of last week and voted to
reduce the two-year appropriation
for the University of California to
$15,203,704. a cut of $1,300,000.
The vote was 39 to 37, but action
was not final since the routine no
tice of motion to reconsider—given
on all budget items considered to
date—was offered by Assemblyman
George P. Miller, D., Alameda.
SACRAMENTO, April 18 (UP).—
The State Assembly today reversed
its stand of last week and voted to
reduce the two-year appropriation
for the University of California to
$15,203,704. a cut of $1,300,000.
The vote was 39 to 37, but action
was not final since the routine no
tice of motion to reconsider—given
on all budget items considered to
date—was offered by Assemblyman
George P. Miller, D., Alameda.
SACRAMENTO, April 18 (UP).—
The State Assembly today reversed
its stand of last week and voted to
reduce the two-year appropriation
for the University of California to
$15,203,704. a cut of $1,300,000.
The vote was 39 to 37, but action
was not final since the routine no
tice of motion to reconsider—given
on all budget items considered to
date—was offered by Assemblyman
George P. Miller, D., Alameda.
SACRAMENTO, April 18 (UP).—
The State Assembly today reversed
its stand of last week and voted to
reduce the two-year appropriation
for the University of California to
$15,203,704. a cut of $1,300,000.
The vote was 39 to 37, but action
was not final since the routine no
tice of motion to reconsider—given
on all budget items considered to
date—was offered by Assemblyman
George P. Miller, D., Alameda.
SACRAMENTO, April 18 (UP).—
The State Assembly today reversed
its stand of last week and voted to
reduce the two-year appropriation
for the University of California to
$15,203,704. a cut of $1,300,000.
The vote was 39 to 37, but action
was not final since the routine no
tice of motion to reconsider—given
on all budget items considered to
date—was offered by Assemblyman
George P. Miller, D., Alameda.
SACRAMENTO, April 18 (UP).—
The State Assembly today reversed
its stand of last week and voted to
reduce the two-year appropriation
for the University of California to
$15,203,704. a cut of $1,300,000.
The vote was 39 to 37, but action
was not final since the routine no
tice of motion to reconsider—given
on all budget items considered to
date—was offered by Assemblyman
George P. Miller, D., Alameda.
SACRAMENTO, April 18 (UP).—
The State Assembly today reversed
its stand of last week and voted to
reduce the two-year appropriation
for the University of California to
$15,203,704. a cut of $1,300,000.
The vote was 39 to 37, but action
was not final since the routine no
tice of motion to reconsider—given
on all budget items considered to
date—was offered by Assemblyman
George P. Miller, D., Alameda.
SACRAMENTO, April 18 (UP).—
The State Assembly today reversed
its stand of last week and voted to
reduce the two-year appropriation
for the University of California to
$15,203,704. a cut of $1,300,000.
The vote was 39 to 37, but action
was not final since the routine no
tice of motion to reconsider—given
on all budget items considered to
date—was offered by Assemblyman
George P. Miller, D., Alameda.
SACRAMENTO, April 18 (UP).—
The State Assembly today reversed
its stand of last week and voted to
reduce the two-year appropriation
for the University of California to
$15,203,704. a cut of $1,300,000.
The vote was 39 to 37, but action
was not final since the routine no
tice of motion to reconsider—given
on all budget items considered to
date—was offered by Assemblyman
George P. Miller, D., Alameda.
SACRAMENTO, April 18 (UP).—
The State Assembly today reversed
its stand of last week and voted to
reduce the two-year appropriation
for the University of California to
$15,203,704. a cut of $1,300,000.
The vote was 39 to 37, but action
was not final since the routine no
tice of motion to reconsider—given
on all budget items considered to
date—was offered by Assemblyman
George P. Miller, D., Alameda.
