# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dancing is to be permitted upon
the College of the Pacific campus.
Dancing is to be permitted upon
the College of the Pacific campus.
Dancing is to be permitted upon
the College of the Pacific campus.
Dancing is to be permitted upon
the College of the Pacific campus.
Dancing is to be permitted upon
the College of the Pacific campus.
Dancing is to be permitted upon
the College of the Pacific campus.
Dancing is to be permitted upon
the College of the Pacific campus.
Dancing is to be permitted upon
the College of the Pacific campus.
Dancing is to be permitted upon
the College of the Pacific campus.
Dancing is to be permitted upon
the College of the Pacific campus.
Dancing is to be permitted upon
the College of the Pacific campus.
Dancing is to be permitted upon
the College of the Pacific campus.
Dancing is to be permitted upon
the College of the Pacific campus.
Dancing is to be permitted upon
the College of the Pacific campus.
Dancing is to be permitted upon
the College of the Pacific campus.
