# SQUAD DEBATE TEAM TO STUDY WAR TOPIC; STANDING DISCLOSED
## 
### 
Having chosen the same subject
that will be debated with U.S.C., "Re
solved, That the results of the World
War have tended toward peace," the
members of the squad debate team
will study the merits of the question
during the Christmas holidays in pre
paration for the squad debates which
will be held in the latter part of the
winter quarter.
Sidney Madden, assistant debate
manager, is arranging meetings with
several southern California colleges,
and a tour through Utah and Nevada.
Based on the tryouts held several
weeks ago, the standing or the squad
was announced by Stanley Weigel,
coach, as follows: Herbert Wenig,
John Cranston, Robert McClintock,
Arthur Angel, eLon Carley, John Mc-
Clintock, Robert Sharp, Pardee Lowe,
William Levit, Ronald Anderson, Dan
Smith, and Paul Herbold; alternate,
Eugene McKnight.
Having chosen the same subject
that will be debated with U.S.C., "Re
solved, That the results of the World
War have tended toward peace," the
members of the squad debate team
will study the merits of the question
during the Christmas holidays in pre
paration for the squad debates which
will be held in the latter part of the
winter quarter.
Sidney Madden, assistant debate
manager, is arranging meetings with
several southern California colleges,
and a tour through Utah and Nevada.
Based on the tryouts held several
weeks ago, the standing or the squad
was announced by Stanley Weigel,
coach, as follows: Herbert Wenig,
John Cranston, Robert McClintock,
Arthur Angel, eLon Carley, John Mc-
Clintock, Robert Sharp, Pardee Lowe,
William Levit, Ronald Anderson, Dan
Smith, and Paul Herbold; alternate,
Eugene McKnight.
Having chosen the same subject
that will be debated with U.S.C., "Re
solved, That the results of the World
War have tended toward peace," the
members of the squad debate team
will study the merits of the question
during the Christmas holidays in pre
paration for the squad debates which
will be held in the latter part of the
winter quarter.
Sidney Madden, assistant debate
manager, is arranging meetings with
several southern California colleges,
and a tour through Utah and Nevada.
Based on the tryouts held several
weeks ago, the standing or the squad
was announced by Stanley Weigel,
coach, as follows: Herbert Wenig,
John Cranston, Robert McClintock,
Arthur Angel, eLon Carley, John Mc-
Clintock, Robert Sharp, Pardee Lowe,
William Levit, Ronald Anderson, Dan
Smith, and Paul Herbold; alternate,
Eugene McKnight.
Having chosen the same subject
that will be debated with U.S.C., "Re
solved, That the results of the World
War have tended toward peace," the
members of the squad debate team
will study the merits of the question
during the Christmas holidays in pre
paration for the squad debates which
will be held in the latter part of the
winter quarter.
Sidney Madden, assistant debate
manager, is arranging meetings with
several southern California colleges,
and a tour through Utah and Nevada.
Based on the tryouts held several
weeks ago, the standing or the squad
was announced by Stanley Weigel,
coach, as follows: Herbert Wenig,
John Cranston, Robert McClintock,
Arthur Angel, eLon Carley, John Mc-
Clintock, Robert Sharp, Pardee Lowe,
William Levit, Ronald Anderson, Dan
Smith, and Paul Herbold; alternate,
Eugene McKnight.
Having chosen the same subject
that will be debated with U.S.C., "Re
solved, That the results of the World
War have tended toward peace," the
members of the squad debate team
will study the merits of the question
during the Christmas holidays in pre
paration for the squad debates which
will be held in the latter part of the
winter quarter.
Sidney Madden, assistant debate
manager, is arranging meetings with
several southern California colleges,
and a tour through Utah and Nevada.
Based on the tryouts held several
weeks ago, the standing or the squad
was announced by Stanley Weigel,
coach, as follows: Herbert Wenig,
John Cranston, Robert McClintock,
Arthur Angel, eLon Carley, John Mc-
Clintock, Robert Sharp, Pardee Lowe,
William Levit, Ronald Anderson, Dan
Smith, and Paul Herbold; alternate,
Eugene McKnight.
Having chosen the same subject
that will be debated with U.S.C., "Re
solved, That the results of the World
War have tended toward peace," the
members of the squad debate team
will study the merits of the question
during the Christmas holidays in pre
paration for the squad debates which
will be held in the latter part of the
winter quarter.
Sidney Madden, assistant debate
manager, is arranging meetings with
several southern California colleges,
and a tour through Utah and Nevada.
Based on the tryouts held several
weeks ago, the standing or the squad
was announced by Stanley Weigel,
coach, as follows: Herbert Wenig,
John Cranston, Robert McClintock,
Arthur Angel, eLon Carley, John Mc-
Clintock, Robert Sharp, Pardee Lowe,
William Levit, Ronald Anderson, Dan
Smith, and Paul Herbold; alternate,
Eugene McKnight.
Having chosen the same subject
that will be debated with U.S.C., "Re
solved, That the results of the World
War have tended toward peace," the
members of the squad debate team
will study the merits of the question
during the Christmas holidays in pre
paration for the squad debates which
will be held in the latter part of the
winter quarter.
Sidney Madden, assistant debate
manager, is arranging meetings with
several southern California colleges,
and a tour through Utah and Nevada.
Based on the tryouts held several
weeks ago, the standing or the squad
was announced by Stanley Weigel,
coach, as follows: Herbert Wenig,
John Cranston, Robert McClintock,
Arthur Angel, eLon Carley, John Mc-
Clintock, Robert Sharp, Pardee Lowe,
William Levit, Ronald Anderson, Dan
Smith, and Paul Herbold; alternate,
Eugene McKnight.
Having chosen the same subject
that will be debated with U.S.C., "Re
solved, That the results of the World
War have tended toward peace," the
members of the squad debate team
will study the merits of the question
during the Christmas holidays in pre
paration for the squad debates which
will be held in the latter part of the
winter quarter.
Sidney Madden, assistant debate
manager, is arranging meetings with
several southern California colleges,
and a tour through Utah and Nevada.
Based on the tryouts held several
weeks ago, the standing or the squad
was announced by Stanley Weigel,
coach, as follows: Herbert Wenig,
John Cranston, Robert McClintock,
Arthur Angel, eLon Carley, John Mc-
Clintock, Robert Sharp, Pardee Lowe,
William Levit, Ronald Anderson, Dan
Smith, and Paul Herbold; alternate,
Eugene McKnight.
Having chosen the same subject
that will be debated with U.S.C., "Re
solved, That the results of the World
War have tended toward peace," the
members of the squad debate team
will study the merits of the question
during the Christmas holidays in pre
paration for the squad debates which
will be held in the latter part of the
winter quarter.
Sidney Madden, assistant debate
manager, is arranging meetings with
several southern California colleges,
and a tour through Utah and Nevada.
Based on the tryouts held several
weeks ago, the standing or the squad
was announced by Stanley Weigel,
coach, as follows: Herbert Wenig,
John Cranston, Robert McClintock,
Arthur Angel, eLon Carley, John Mc-
Clintock, Robert Sharp, Pardee Lowe,
William Levit, Ronald Anderson, Dan
Smith, and Paul Herbold; alternate,
Eugene McKnight.
Having chosen the same subject
that will be debated with U.S.C., "Re
solved, That the results of the World
War have tended toward peace," the
members of the squad debate team
will study the merits of the question
during the Christmas holidays in pre
paration for the squad debates which
will be held in the latter part of the
winter quarter.
Sidney Madden, assistant debate
manager, is arranging meetings with
several southern California colleges,
and a tour through Utah and Nevada.
Based on the tryouts held several
weeks ago, the standing or the squad
was announced by Stanley Weigel,
coach, as follows: Herbert Wenig,
John Cranston, Robert McClintock,
Arthur Angel, eLon Carley, John Mc-
Clintock, Robert Sharp, Pardee Lowe,
William Levit, Ronald Anderson, Dan
Smith, and Paul Herbold; alternate,
Eugene McKnight.
Having chosen the same subject
that will be debated with U.S.C., "Re
solved, That the results of the World
War have tended toward peace," the
members of the squad debate team
will study the merits of the question
during the Christmas holidays in pre
paration for the squad debates which
will be held in the latter part of the
winter quarter.
Sidney Madden, assistant debate
manager, is arranging meetings with
several southern California colleges,
and a tour through Utah and Nevada.
Based on the tryouts held several
weeks ago, the standing or the squad
was announced by Stanley Weigel,
coach, as follows: Herbert Wenig,
John Cranston, Robert McClintock,
Arthur Angel, eLon Carley, John Mc-
Clintock, Robert Sharp, Pardee Lowe,
William Levit, Ronald Anderson, Dan
Smith, and Paul Herbold; alternate,
Eugene McKnight.
Having chosen the same subject
that will be debated with U.S.C., "Re
solved, That the results of the World
War have tended toward peace," the
members of the squad debate team
will study the merits of the question
during the Christmas holidays in pre
paration for the squad debates which
will be held in the latter part of the
winter quarter.
Sidney Madden, assistant debate
manager, is arranging meetings with
several southern California colleges,
and a tour through Utah and Nevada.
Based on the tryouts held several
weeks ago, the standing or the squad
was announced by Stanley Weigel,
coach, as follows: Herbert Wenig,
John Cranston, Robert McClintock,
Arthur Angel, eLon Carley, John Mc-
Clintock, Robert Sharp, Pardee Lowe,
William Levit, Ronald Anderson, Dan
Smith, and Paul Herbold; alternate,
Eugene McKnight.
Having chosen the same subject
that will be debated with U.S.C., "Re
solved, That the results of the World
War have tended toward peace," the
members of the squad debate team
will study the merits of the question
during the Christmas holidays in pre
paration for the squad debates which
will be held in the latter part of the
winter quarter.
Sidney Madden, assistant debate
manager, is arranging meetings with
several southern California colleges,
and a tour through Utah and Nevada.
Based on the tryouts held several
weeks ago, the standing or the squad
was announced by Stanley Weigel,
coach, as follows: Herbert Wenig,
John Cranston, Robert McClintock,
Arthur Angel, eLon Carley, John Mc-
Clintock, Robert Sharp, Pardee Lowe,
William Levit, Ronald Anderson, Dan
Smith, and Paul Herbold; alternate,
Eugene McKnight.
Having chosen the same subject
that will be debated with U.S.C., "Re
solved, That the results of the World
War have tended toward peace," the
members of the squad debate team
will study the merits of the question
during the Christmas holidays in pre
paration for the squad debates which
will be held in the latter part of the
winter quarter.
Sidney Madden, assistant debate
manager, is arranging meetings with
several southern California colleges,
and a tour through Utah and Nevada.
Based on the tryouts held several
weeks ago, the standing or the squad
was announced by Stanley Weigel,
coach, as follows: Herbert Wenig,
John Cranston, Robert McClintock,
Arthur Angel, eLon Carley, John Mc-
Clintock, Robert Sharp, Pardee Lowe,
William Levit, Ronald Anderson, Dan
Smith, and Paul Herbold; alternate,
Eugene McKnight.
Having chosen the same subject
that will be debated with U.S.C., "Re
solved, That the results of the World
War have tended toward peace," the
members of the squad debate team
will study the merits of the question
during the Christmas holidays in pre
paration for the squad debates which
will be held in the latter part of the
winter quarter.
Sidney Madden, assistant debate
manager, is arranging meetings with
several southern California colleges,
and a tour through Utah and Nevada.
Based on the tryouts held several
weeks ago, the standing or the squad
was announced by Stanley Weigel,
coach, as follows: Herbert Wenig,
John Cranston, Robert McClintock,
Arthur Angel, eLon Carley, John Mc-
Clintock, Robert Sharp, Pardee Lowe,
William Levit, Ronald Anderson, Dan
Smith, and Paul Herbold; alternate,
Eugene McKnight.
