# Pictures of Soccer Men Will Be Retaken Monday
## 
### 
Quad pictures of freshman and var
sity soccer teams will be retaken at
3::;0 o'clock Monday afternoon. Men
are requested to be on the field at
tliis time.
Quad pictures of freshman and var
sity soccer teams will be retaken at
3::;0 o'clock Monday afternoon. Men
are requested to be on the field at
tliis time.
Quad pictures of freshman and var
sity soccer teams will be retaken at
3::;0 o'clock Monday afternoon. Men
are requested to be on the field at
tliis time.
Quad pictures of freshman and var
sity soccer teams will be retaken at
3::;0 o'clock Monday afternoon. Men
are requested to be on the field at
tliis time.
Quad pictures of freshman and var
sity soccer teams will be retaken at
3::;0 o'clock Monday afternoon. Men
are requested to be on the field at
tliis time.
Quad pictures of freshman and var
sity soccer teams will be retaken at
3::;0 o'clock Monday afternoon. Men
are requested to be on the field at
tliis time.
Quad pictures of freshman and var
sity soccer teams will be retaken at
3::;0 o'clock Monday afternoon. Men
are requested to be on the field at
tliis time.
Quad pictures of freshman and var
sity soccer teams will be retaken at
3::;0 o'clock Monday afternoon. Men
are requested to be on the field at
tliis time.
Quad pictures of freshman and var
sity soccer teams will be retaken at
3::;0 o'clock Monday afternoon. Men
are requested to be on the field at
tliis time.
Quad pictures of freshman and var
sity soccer teams will be retaken at
3::;0 o'clock Monday afternoon. Men
are requested to be on the field at
tliis time.
Quad pictures of freshman and var
sity soccer teams will be retaken at
3::;0 o'clock Monday afternoon. Men
are requested to be on the field at
tliis time.
Quad pictures of freshman and var
sity soccer teams will be retaken at
3::;0 o'clock Monday afternoon. Men
are requested to be on the field at
tliis time.
Quad pictures of freshman and var
sity soccer teams will be retaken at
3::;0 o'clock Monday afternoon. Men
are requested to be on the field at
tliis time.
Quad pictures of freshman and var
sity soccer teams will be retaken at
3::;0 o'clock Monday afternoon. Men
are requested to be on the field at
tliis time.
Quad pictures of freshman and var
sity soccer teams will be retaken at
3::;0 o'clock Monday afternoon. Men
are requested to be on the field at
tliis time.
