# LIBRARY STAFF PLANS FAREWELL DINNER IN HONOR OF G.T. CLARK
## 
### 
Tuesday, December 20, the Library
Staff will hold a farewell banquet for
George Thomas Clark, director of
University Libraries, who is retiring
Ibis quarter after twenty years of
service.
Before he came here, Clark was
librarian of the San Francisco public
library, bavins previously been con
nected with the library of the Uni
versity of California and the Califor
nia State library. In 1913 lie made an
intensive study of Eastern libraries
and worked out the plans for the
present edifice which was built in
tliat year, there having been no ade
quate library since the destruction in
the earthquake of the old one. Under
his leadership the library collection
has grown until today it has the repu
tation of being one of the finest in
the state.
Librarian Clark plans to spend next
year in travel abroad with his sister.
