# NAVY SENDS SMALL SCOUTING PLANE FOR AERONAUTICS STUDY
## 
### 
Stanford has received from the Navy
Department a small airplane for the use
in the Guggenheim aeronautics labora
tory. This is a model T.S. 3. a small,
one place bi-plane used in scouting. It
reached the campus from the Philadel
phia Navy yard today.
The plane will be set up inside the
laboratory building. It is a gift of the
Navy Department to Stanford to aid in
the study of design and controls.
Stanford has received from the Navy
Department a small airplane for the use
in the Guggenheim aeronautics labora
tory. This is a model T.S. 3. a small,
one place bi-plane used in scouting. It
reached the campus from the Philadel
phia Navy yard today.
The plane will be set up inside the
laboratory building. It is a gift of the
Navy Department to Stanford to aid in
the study of design and controls.
Stanford has received from the Navy
Department a small airplane for the use
in the Guggenheim aeronautics labora
tory. This is a model T.S. 3. a small,
one place bi-plane used in scouting. It
reached the campus from the Philadel
phia Navy yard today.
The plane will be set up inside the
laboratory building. It is a gift of the
Navy Department to Stanford to aid in
the study of design and controls.
Stanford has received from the Navy
Department a small airplane for the use
in the Guggenheim aeronautics labora
tory. This is a model T.S. 3. a small,
one place bi-plane used in scouting. It
reached the campus from the Philadel
phia Navy yard today.
The plane will be set up inside the
laboratory building. It is a gift of the
Navy Department to Stanford to aid in
the study of design and controls.
Stanford has received from the Navy
Department a small airplane for the use
in the Guggenheim aeronautics labora
tory. This is a model T.S. 3. a small,
one place bi-plane used in scouting. It
reached the campus from the Philadel
phia Navy yard today.
The plane will be set up inside the
laboratory building. It is a gift of the
Navy Department to Stanford to aid in
the study of design and controls.
Stanford has received from the Navy
Department a small airplane for the use
in the Guggenheim aeronautics labora
tory. This is a model T.S. 3. a small,
one place bi-plane used in scouting. It
reached the campus from the Philadel
phia Navy yard today.
The plane will be set up inside the
laboratory building. It is a gift of the
Navy Department to Stanford to aid in
the study of design and controls.
Stanford has received from the Navy
Department a small airplane for the use
in the Guggenheim aeronautics labora
tory. This is a model T.S. 3. a small,
one place bi-plane used in scouting. It
reached the campus from the Philadel
phia Navy yard today.
The plane will be set up inside the
laboratory building. It is a gift of the
Navy Department to Stanford to aid in
the study of design and controls.
Stanford has received from the Navy
Department a small airplane for the use
in the Guggenheim aeronautics labora
tory. This is a model T.S. 3. a small,
one place bi-plane used in scouting. It
reached the campus from the Philadel
phia Navy yard today.
The plane will be set up inside the
laboratory building. It is a gift of the
Navy Department to Stanford to aid in
the study of design and controls.
Stanford has received from the Navy
Department a small airplane for the use
in the Guggenheim aeronautics labora
tory. This is a model T.S. 3. a small,
one place bi-plane used in scouting. It
reached the campus from the Philadel
phia Navy yard today.
The plane will be set up inside the
laboratory building. It is a gift of the
Navy Department to Stanford to aid in
the study of design and controls.
Stanford has received from the Navy
Department a small airplane for the use
in the Guggenheim aeronautics labora
tory. This is a model T.S. 3. a small,
one place bi-plane used in scouting. It
reached the campus from the Philadel
phia Navy yard today.
The plane will be set up inside the
laboratory building. It is a gift of the
Navy Department to Stanford to aid in
the study of design and controls.
Stanford has received from the Navy
Department a small airplane for the use
in the Guggenheim aeronautics labora
tory. This is a model T.S. 3. a small,
one place bi-plane used in scouting. It
reached the campus from the Philadel
phia Navy yard today.
The plane will be set up inside the
laboratory building. It is a gift of the
Navy Department to Stanford to aid in
the study of design and controls.
Stanford has received from the Navy
Department a small airplane for the use
in the Guggenheim aeronautics labora
tory. This is a model T.S. 3. a small,
one place bi-plane used in scouting. It
reached the campus from the Philadel
phia Navy yard today.
The plane will be set up inside the
laboratory building. It is a gift of the
Navy Department to Stanford to aid in
the study of design and controls.
Stanford has received from the Navy
Department a small airplane for the use
in the Guggenheim aeronautics labora
tory. This is a model T.S. 3. a small,
one place bi-plane used in scouting. It
reached the campus from the Philadel
phia Navy yard today.
The plane will be set up inside the
laboratory building. It is a gift of the
Navy Department to Stanford to aid in
the study of design and controls.
Stanford has received from the Navy
Department a small airplane for the use
in the Guggenheim aeronautics labora
tory. This is a model T.S. 3. a small,
one place bi-plane used in scouting. It
reached the campus from the Philadel
phia Navy yard today.
The plane will be set up inside the
laboratory building. It is a gift of the
Navy Department to Stanford to aid in
the study of design and controls.
Stanford has received from the Navy
Department a small airplane for the use
in the Guggenheim aeronautics labora
tory. This is a model T.S. 3. a small,
one place bi-plane used in scouting. It
reached the campus from the Philadel
phia Navy yard today.
The plane will be set up inside the
laboratory building. It is a gift of the
Navy Department to Stanford to aid in
the study of design and controls.
