# Farm Journalists Receive Awards
## 
### 
As a part of the new five-year
journalism course of study leading
to an M.A. degree, Charles O. Voigt,
'37, and Millard Browne, '36, have
been awarded scholarships for fifth
year specialized study in the divi
sion of journalism.
Mr. Voigt, who is on leave from
the San Francisco Chronicle, will
specialize in labor problems, and
Mr. Browne, from the Santa Ana
Journal, will study public finance.
In a brief time, according to Chil
ton R. Bush, professor of journal
ism, only the five-year course for
the advanced degree in Social Sci
ence-Journalism will be offered by
the division. In order to complete
this course, candidates for degrees
must complete five fields in the so
cial sciences and about 45 units in
journalism, including a course in
Investigative Methods in Journalism
as well as a thesis.
As a part of the new five-year
journalism course of study leading
to an M.A. degree, Charles O. Voigt,
'37, and Millard Browne, '36, have
been awarded scholarships for fifth
year specialized study in the divi
sion of journalism.
Mr. Voigt, who is on leave from
the San Francisco Chronicle, will
specialize in labor problems, and
Mr. Browne, from the Santa Ana
Journal, will study public finance.
In a brief time, according to Chil
ton R. Bush, professor of journal
ism, only the five-year course for
the advanced degree in Social Sci
ence-Journalism will be offered by
the division. In order to complete
this course, candidates for degrees
must complete five fields in the so
cial sciences and about 45 units in
journalism, including a course in
Investigative Methods in Journalism
as well as a thesis.
As a part of the new five-year
journalism course of study leading
to an M.A. degree, Charles O. Voigt,
'37, and Millard Browne, '36, have
been awarded scholarships for fifth
year specialized study in the divi
sion of journalism.
Mr. Voigt, who is on leave from
the San Francisco Chronicle, will
specialize in labor problems, and
Mr. Browne, from the Santa Ana
Journal, will study public finance.
In a brief time, according to Chil
ton R. Bush, professor of journal
ism, only the five-year course for
the advanced degree in Social Sci
ence-Journalism will be offered by
the division. In order to complete
this course, candidates for degrees
must complete five fields in the so
cial sciences and about 45 units in
journalism, including a course in
Investigative Methods in Journalism
as well as a thesis.
As a part of the new five-year
journalism course of study leading
to an M.A. degree, Charles O. Voigt,
'37, and Millard Browne, '36, have
been awarded scholarships for fifth
year specialized study in the divi
sion of journalism.
Mr. Voigt, who is on leave from
the San Francisco Chronicle, will
specialize in labor problems, and
Mr. Browne, from the Santa Ana
Journal, will study public finance.
In a brief time, according to Chil
ton R. Bush, professor of journal
ism, only the five-year course for
the advanced degree in Social Sci
ence-Journalism will be offered by
the division. In order to complete
this course, candidates for degrees
must complete five fields in the so
cial sciences and about 45 units in
journalism, including a course in
Investigative Methods in Journalism
as well as a thesis.
As a part of the new five-year
journalism course of study leading
to an M.A. degree, Charles O. Voigt,
'37, and Millard Browne, '36, have
been awarded scholarships for fifth
year specialized study in the divi
sion of journalism.
Mr. Voigt, who is on leave from
the San Francisco Chronicle, will
specialize in labor problems, and
Mr. Browne, from the Santa Ana
Journal, will study public finance.
In a brief time, according to Chil
ton R. Bush, professor of journal
ism, only the five-year course for
the advanced degree in Social Sci
ence-Journalism will be offered by
the division. In order to complete
this course, candidates for degrees
must complete five fields in the so
cial sciences and about 45 units in
journalism, including a course in
Investigative Methods in Journalism
as well as a thesis.
As a part of the new five-year
journalism course of study leading
to an M.A. degree, Charles O. Voigt,
'37, and Millard Browne, '36, have
been awarded scholarships for fifth
year specialized study in the divi
sion of journalism.
Mr. Voigt, who is on leave from
the San Francisco Chronicle, will
specialize in labor problems, and
Mr. Browne, from the Santa Ana
Journal, will study public finance.
In a brief time, according to Chil
ton R. Bush, professor of journal
ism, only the five-year course for
the advanced degree in Social Sci
ence-Journalism will be offered by
the division. In order to complete
this course, candidates for degrees
must complete five fields in the so
cial sciences and about 45 units in
journalism, including a course in
Investigative Methods in Journalism
as well as a thesis.
As a part of the new five-year
journalism course of study leading
to an M.A. degree, Charles O. Voigt,
'37, and Millard Browne, '36, have
been awarded scholarships for fifth
year specialized study in the divi
sion of journalism.
Mr. Voigt, who is on leave from
the San Francisco Chronicle, will
specialize in labor problems, and
Mr. Browne, from the Santa Ana
Journal, will study public finance.
In a brief time, according to Chil
ton R. Bush, professor of journal
ism, only the five-year course for
the advanced degree in Social Sci
ence-Journalism will be offered by
the division. In order to complete
this course, candidates for degrees
must complete five fields in the so
cial sciences and about 45 units in
journalism, including a course in
Investigative Methods in Journalism
as well as a thesis.
As a part of the new five-year
journalism course of study leading
to an M.A. degree, Charles O. Voigt,
'37, and Millard Browne, '36, have
been awarded scholarships for fifth
year specialized study in the divi
sion of journalism.
Mr. Voigt, who is on leave from
the San Francisco Chronicle, will
specialize in labor problems, and
Mr. Browne, from the Santa Ana
Journal, will study public finance.
In a brief time, according to Chil
ton R. Bush, professor of journal
ism, only the five-year course for
the advanced degree in Social Sci
ence-Journalism will be offered by
the division. In order to complete
this course, candidates for degrees
must complete five fields in the so
cial sciences and about 45 units in
journalism, including a course in
Investigative Methods in Journalism
as well as a thesis.
As a part of the new five-year
journalism course of study leading
to an M.A. degree, Charles O. Voigt,
'37, and Millard Browne, '36, have
been awarded scholarships for fifth
year specialized study in the divi
sion of journalism.
Mr. Voigt, who is on leave from
the San Francisco Chronicle, will
specialize in labor problems, and
Mr. Browne, from the Santa Ana
Journal, will study public finance.
In a brief time, according to Chil
ton R. Bush, professor of journal
ism, only the five-year course for
the advanced degree in Social Sci
ence-Journalism will be offered by
the division. In order to complete
this course, candidates for degrees
must complete five fields in the so
cial sciences and about 45 units in
journalism, including a course in
Investigative Methods in Journalism
as well as a thesis.
As a part of the new five-year
journalism course of study leading
to an M.A. degree, Charles O. Voigt,
'37, and Millard Browne, '36, have
been awarded scholarships for fifth
year specialized study in the divi
sion of journalism.
Mr. Voigt, who is on leave from
the San Francisco Chronicle, will
specialize in labor problems, and
Mr. Browne, from the Santa Ana
Journal, will study public finance.
In a brief time, according to Chil
ton R. Bush, professor of journal
ism, only the five-year course for
the advanced degree in Social Sci
ence-Journalism will be offered by
the division. In order to complete
this course, candidates for degrees
must complete five fields in the so
cial sciences and about 45 units in
journalism, including a course in
Investigative Methods in Journalism
as well as a thesis.
As a part of the new five-year
journalism course of study leading
to an M.A. degree, Charles O. Voigt,
'37, and Millard Browne, '36, have
been awarded scholarships for fifth
year specialized study in the divi
sion of journalism.
Mr. Voigt, who is on leave from
the San Francisco Chronicle, will
specialize in labor problems, and
Mr. Browne, from the Santa Ana
Journal, will study public finance.
In a brief time, according to Chil
ton R. Bush, professor of journal
ism, only the five-year course for
the advanced degree in Social Sci
ence-Journalism will be offered by
the division. In order to complete
this course, candidates for degrees
must complete five fields in the so
cial sciences and about 45 units in
journalism, including a course in
Investigative Methods in Journalism
as well as a thesis.
As a part of the new five-year
journalism course of study leading
to an M.A. degree, Charles O. Voigt,
'37, and Millard Browne, '36, have
been awarded scholarships for fifth
year specialized study in the divi
sion of journalism.
Mr. Voigt, who is on leave from
the San Francisco Chronicle, will
specialize in labor problems, and
Mr. Browne, from the Santa Ana
Journal, will study public finance.
In a brief time, according to Chil
ton R. Bush, professor of journal
ism, only the five-year course for
the advanced degree in Social Sci
ence-Journalism will be offered by
the division. In order to complete
this course, candidates for degrees
must complete five fields in the so
cial sciences and about 45 units in
journalism, including a course in
Investigative Methods in Journalism
as well as a thesis.
As a part of the new five-year
journalism course of study leading
to an M.A. degree, Charles O. Voigt,
'37, and Millard Browne, '36, have
been awarded scholarships for fifth
year specialized study in the divi
sion of journalism.
Mr. Voigt, who is on leave from
the San Francisco Chronicle, will
specialize in labor problems, and
Mr. Browne, from the Santa Ana
Journal, will study public finance.
In a brief time, according to Chil
ton R. Bush, professor of journal
ism, only the five-year course for
the advanced degree in Social Sci
ence-Journalism will be offered by
the division. In order to complete
this course, candidates for degrees
must complete five fields in the so
cial sciences and about 45 units in
journalism, including a course in
Investigative Methods in Journalism
as well as a thesis.
As a part of the new five-year
journalism course of study leading
to an M.A. degree, Charles O. Voigt,
'37, and Millard Browne, '36, have
been awarded scholarships for fifth
year specialized study in the divi
sion of journalism.
Mr. Voigt, who is on leave from
the San Francisco Chronicle, will
specialize in labor problems, and
Mr. Browne, from the Santa Ana
Journal, will study public finance.
In a brief time, according to Chil
ton R. Bush, professor of journal
ism, only the five-year course for
the advanced degree in Social Sci
ence-Journalism will be offered by
the division. In order to complete
this course, candidates for degrees
must complete five fields in the so
cial sciences and about 45 units in
journalism, including a course in
Investigative Methods in Journalism
as well as a thesis.
As a part of the new five-year
journalism course of study leading
to an M.A. degree, Charles O. Voigt,
'37, and Millard Browne, '36, have
been awarded scholarships for fifth
year specialized study in the divi
sion of journalism.
Mr. Voigt, who is on leave from
the San Francisco Chronicle, will
specialize in labor problems, and
Mr. Browne, from the Santa Ana
Journal, will study public finance.
In a brief time, according to Chil
ton R. Bush, professor of journal
ism, only the five-year course for
the advanced degree in Social Sci
ence-Journalism will be offered by
the division. In order to complete
this course, candidates for degrees
must complete five fields in the so
cial sciences and about 45 units in
journalism, including a course in
Investigative Methods in Journalism
as well as a thesis.
