# Chaplain Outlines Religious Courses
## 
### 
In response to expressed student
interest, courses in the history of
religion and comparative religion
will be offered for the first time
this year under the direction of Dr.
D. Elton Trueblood, chaplain of the
university.
The history course will start with
a study of primitive religions, ac
cording to Dr. Trueblood, and will
trace the history of religious
thought to the present. The other
new course will involve a compari
son and contrast of modern relig
ions.
"Students have expressed a de
sire for these courses," Dr. True
blood said, "and in offering them we
are trying to meet that demand."
Assisting the chaplain in con
ducting the courses will be Miss
Caroline Brown, new teaching as
sistant from Radcliffe.
