# Rally Group Meets Soon
## Committee Assists Pre-Reg Activities 
### 
Jack Laney, chairman of this
year's Rally Committee, announced
that the group's first meeting will
be held later this week. The Rally
Committee has already started its
strenuous fall program by assisting
in Pi*e-registration activities.
Committee members include Bob
Richardson, Paul Slattery, Ed Col
lum, Carl Phillips, Phil Clayburgh,
Ned Pugh, Pete Wihttlesey, Pat
Hubbard, Bob Crawford, Bill Kim
ball, Bill Turner, Bob Low, AI Lou
chard, Teller Weinmann, George
Egan, Frank Knowlcs, Neil Byllard,
Wilson Clark, Stan Glikbarg, and
Fred Hudson.
In charge of the women on the
committee is Didi Vibert. Under her
are Virginia Sterry, Sue Hyman,
Betty Finch, Mollie West, Jean Mil
ler, Angela Gates, Helen White, June
Murphy, Eleanor Marquand, Betty
Moses, Pat Smith, Ruth Ide, Ann
Townsend, Jane Greenwood, Gladys
Shovelin, and Anne Beech, secre
tary.
Freshmen who are interested in
becoming members of the Rally
Committee will be given a chance
to try out later in the quarter.
Jack Laney, chairman of this
year's Rally Committee, announced
that the group's first meeting will
be held later this week. The Rally
Committee has already started its
strenuous fall program by assisting
in Pi*e-registration activities.
Committee members include Bob
Richardson, Paul Slattery, Ed Col
lum, Carl Phillips, Phil Clayburgh,
Ned Pugh, Pete Wihttlesey, Pat
Hubbard, Bob Crawford, Bill Kim
ball, Bill Turner, Bob Low, AI Lou
chard, Teller Weinmann, George
Egan, Frank Knowlcs, Neil Byllard,
Wilson Clark, Stan Glikbarg, and
Fred Hudson.
In charge of the women on the
committee is Didi Vibert. Under her
are Virginia Sterry, Sue Hyman,
Betty Finch, Mollie West, Jean Mil
ler, Angela Gates, Helen White, June
Murphy, Eleanor Marquand, Betty
Moses, Pat Smith, Ruth Ide, Ann
Townsend, Jane Greenwood, Gladys
Shovelin, and Anne Beech, secre
tary.
Freshmen who are interested in
becoming members of the Rally
Committee will be given a chance
to try out later in the quarter.
Jack Laney, chairman of this
year's Rally Committee, announced
that the group's first meeting will
be held later this week. The Rally
Committee has already started its
strenuous fall program by assisting
in Pi*e-registration activities.
Committee members include Bob
Richardson, Paul Slattery, Ed Col
lum, Carl Phillips, Phil Clayburgh,
Ned Pugh, Pete Wihttlesey, Pat
Hubbard, Bob Crawford, Bill Kim
ball, Bill Turner, Bob Low, AI Lou
chard, Teller Weinmann, George
Egan, Frank Knowlcs, Neil Byllard,
Wilson Clark, Stan Glikbarg, and
Fred Hudson.
In charge of the women on the
committee is Didi Vibert. Under her
are Virginia Sterry, Sue Hyman,
Betty Finch, Mollie West, Jean Mil
ler, Angela Gates, Helen White, June
Murphy, Eleanor Marquand, Betty
Moses, Pat Smith, Ruth Ide, Ann
Townsend, Jane Greenwood, Gladys
Shovelin, and Anne Beech, secre
tary.
Freshmen who are interested in
becoming members of the Rally
Committee will be given a chance
to try out later in the quarter.
Jack Laney, chairman of this
year's Rally Committee, announced
that the group's first meeting will
be held later this week. The Rally
Committee has already started its
strenuous fall program by assisting
in Pi*e-registration activities.
Committee members include Bob
Richardson, Paul Slattery, Ed Col
lum, Carl Phillips, Phil Clayburgh,
Ned Pugh, Pete Wihttlesey, Pat
Hubbard, Bob Crawford, Bill Kim
ball, Bill Turner, Bob Low, AI Lou
chard, Teller Weinmann, George
Egan, Frank Knowlcs, Neil Byllard,
Wilson Clark, Stan Glikbarg, and
Fred Hudson.
In charge of the women on the
committee is Didi Vibert. Under her
are Virginia Sterry, Sue Hyman,
Betty Finch, Mollie West, Jean Mil
ler, Angela Gates, Helen White, June
Murphy, Eleanor Marquand, Betty
Moses, Pat Smith, Ruth Ide, Ann
Townsend, Jane Greenwood, Gladys
Shovelin, and Anne Beech, secre
tary.
Freshmen who are interested in
becoming members of the Rally
Committee will be given a chance
to try out later in the quarter.
Jack Laney, chairman of this
year's Rally Committee, announced
that the group's first meeting will
be held later this week. The Rally
Committee has already started its
strenuous fall program by assisting
in Pi*e-registration activities.
Committee members include Bob
Richardson, Paul Slattery, Ed Col
lum, Carl Phillips, Phil Clayburgh,
Ned Pugh, Pete Wihttlesey, Pat
Hubbard, Bob Crawford, Bill Kim
ball, Bill Turner, Bob Low, AI Lou
chard, Teller Weinmann, George
Egan, Frank Knowlcs, Neil Byllard,
Wilson Clark, Stan Glikbarg, and
Fred Hudson.
In charge of the women on the
committee is Didi Vibert. Under her
are Virginia Sterry, Sue Hyman,
Betty Finch, Mollie West, Jean Mil
ler, Angela Gates, Helen White, June
Murphy, Eleanor Marquand, Betty
Moses, Pat Smith, Ruth Ide, Ann
Townsend, Jane Greenwood, Gladys
Shovelin, and Anne Beech, secre
tary.
Freshmen who are interested in
becoming members of the Rally
Committee will be given a chance
to try out later in the quarter.
Jack Laney, chairman of this
year's Rally Committee, announced
that the group's first meeting will
be held later this week. The Rally
Committee has already started its
strenuous fall program by assisting
in Pi*e-registration activities.
Committee members include Bob
Richardson, Paul Slattery, Ed Col
lum, Carl Phillips, Phil Clayburgh,
Ned Pugh, Pete Wihttlesey, Pat
Hubbard, Bob Crawford, Bill Kim
ball, Bill Turner, Bob Low, AI Lou
chard, Teller Weinmann, George
Egan, Frank Knowlcs, Neil Byllard,
Wilson Clark, Stan Glikbarg, and
Fred Hudson.
In charge of the women on the
committee is Didi Vibert. Under her
are Virginia Sterry, Sue Hyman,
Betty Finch, Mollie West, Jean Mil
ler, Angela Gates, Helen White, June
Murphy, Eleanor Marquand, Betty
Moses, Pat Smith, Ruth Ide, Ann
Townsend, Jane Greenwood, Gladys
Shovelin, and Anne Beech, secre
tary.
Freshmen who are interested in
becoming members of the Rally
Committee will be given a chance
to try out later in the quarter.
Jack Laney, chairman of this
year's Rally Committee, announced
that the group's first meeting will
be held later this week. The Rally
Committee has already started its
strenuous fall program by assisting
in Pi*e-registration activities.
Committee members include Bob
Richardson, Paul Slattery, Ed Col
lum, Carl Phillips, Phil Clayburgh,
Ned Pugh, Pete Wihttlesey, Pat
Hubbard, Bob Crawford, Bill Kim
ball, Bill Turner, Bob Low, AI Lou
chard, Teller Weinmann, George
Egan, Frank Knowlcs, Neil Byllard,
Wilson Clark, Stan Glikbarg, and
Fred Hudson.
In charge of the women on the
committee is Didi Vibert. Under her
are Virginia Sterry, Sue Hyman,
Betty Finch, Mollie West, Jean Mil
ler, Angela Gates, Helen White, June
Murphy, Eleanor Marquand, Betty
Moses, Pat Smith, Ruth Ide, Ann
Townsend, Jane Greenwood, Gladys
Shovelin, and Anne Beech, secre
tary.
Freshmen who are interested in
becoming members of the Rally
Committee will be given a chance
to try out later in the quarter.
Jack Laney, chairman of this
year's Rally Committee, announced
that the group's first meeting will
be held later this week. The Rally
Committee has already started its
strenuous fall program by assisting
in Pi*e-registration activities.
Committee members include Bob
Richardson, Paul Slattery, Ed Col
lum, Carl Phillips, Phil Clayburgh,
Ned Pugh, Pete Wihttlesey, Pat
Hubbard, Bob Crawford, Bill Kim
ball, Bill Turner, Bob Low, AI Lou
chard, Teller Weinmann, George
Egan, Frank Knowlcs, Neil Byllard,
Wilson Clark, Stan Glikbarg, and
Fred Hudson.
In charge of the women on the
committee is Didi Vibert. Under her
are Virginia Sterry, Sue Hyman,
Betty Finch, Mollie West, Jean Mil
ler, Angela Gates, Helen White, June
Murphy, Eleanor Marquand, Betty
Moses, Pat Smith, Ruth Ide, Ann
Townsend, Jane Greenwood, Gladys
Shovelin, and Anne Beech, secre
tary.
Freshmen who are interested in
becoming members of the Rally
Committee will be given a chance
to try out later in the quarter.
Jack Laney, chairman of this
year's Rally Committee, announced
that the group's first meeting will
be held later this week. The Rally
Committee has already started its
strenuous fall program by assisting
in Pi*e-registration activities.
Committee members include Bob
Richardson, Paul Slattery, Ed Col
lum, Carl Phillips, Phil Clayburgh,
Ned Pugh, Pete Wihttlesey, Pat
Hubbard, Bob Crawford, Bill Kim
ball, Bill Turner, Bob Low, AI Lou
chard, Teller Weinmann, George
Egan, Frank Knowlcs, Neil Byllard,
Wilson Clark, Stan Glikbarg, and
Fred Hudson.
In charge of the women on the
committee is Didi Vibert. Under her
are Virginia Sterry, Sue Hyman,
Betty Finch, Mollie West, Jean Mil
ler, Angela Gates, Helen White, June
Murphy, Eleanor Marquand, Betty
Moses, Pat Smith, Ruth Ide, Ann
Townsend, Jane Greenwood, Gladys
Shovelin, and Anne Beech, secre
tary.
Freshmen who are interested in
becoming members of the Rally
Committee will be given a chance
to try out later in the quarter.
Jack Laney, chairman of this
year's Rally Committee, announced
that the group's first meeting will
be held later this week. The Rally
Committee has already started its
strenuous fall program by assisting
in Pi*e-registration activities.
Committee members include Bob
Richardson, Paul Slattery, Ed Col
lum, Carl Phillips, Phil Clayburgh,
Ned Pugh, Pete Wihttlesey, Pat
Hubbard, Bob Crawford, Bill Kim
ball, Bill Turner, Bob Low, AI Lou
chard, Teller Weinmann, George
Egan, Frank Knowlcs, Neil Byllard,
Wilson Clark, Stan Glikbarg, and
Fred Hudson.
In charge of the women on the
committee is Didi Vibert. Under her
are Virginia Sterry, Sue Hyman,
Betty Finch, Mollie West, Jean Mil
ler, Angela Gates, Helen White, June
Murphy, Eleanor Marquand, Betty
Moses, Pat Smith, Ruth Ide, Ann
Townsend, Jane Greenwood, Gladys
Shovelin, and Anne Beech, secre
tary.
Freshmen who are interested in
becoming members of the Rally
Committee will be given a chance
to try out later in the quarter.
Jack Laney, chairman of this
year's Rally Committee, announced
that the group's first meeting will
be held later this week. The Rally
Committee has already started its
strenuous fall program by assisting
in Pi*e-registration activities.
Committee members include Bob
Richardson, Paul Slattery, Ed Col
lum, Carl Phillips, Phil Clayburgh,
Ned Pugh, Pete Wihttlesey, Pat
Hubbard, Bob Crawford, Bill Kim
ball, Bill Turner, Bob Low, AI Lou
chard, Teller Weinmann, George
Egan, Frank Knowlcs, Neil Byllard,
Wilson Clark, Stan Glikbarg, and
Fred Hudson.
In charge of the women on the
committee is Didi Vibert. Under her
are Virginia Sterry, Sue Hyman,
Betty Finch, Mollie West, Jean Mil
ler, Angela Gates, Helen White, June
Murphy, Eleanor Marquand, Betty
Moses, Pat Smith, Ruth Ide, Ann
Townsend, Jane Greenwood, Gladys
Shovelin, and Anne Beech, secre
tary.
Freshmen who are interested in
becoming members of the Rally
Committee will be given a chance
to try out later in the quarter.
Jack Laney, chairman of this
year's Rally Committee, announced
that the group's first meeting will
be held later this week. The Rally
Committee has already started its
strenuous fall program by assisting
in Pi*e-registration activities.
Committee members include Bob
Richardson, Paul Slattery, Ed Col
lum, Carl Phillips, Phil Clayburgh,
Ned Pugh, Pete Wihttlesey, Pat
Hubbard, Bob Crawford, Bill Kim
ball, Bill Turner, Bob Low, AI Lou
chard, Teller Weinmann, George
Egan, Frank Knowlcs, Neil Byllard,
Wilson Clark, Stan Glikbarg, and
Fred Hudson.
In charge of the women on the
committee is Didi Vibert. Under her
are Virginia Sterry, Sue Hyman,
Betty Finch, Mollie West, Jean Mil
ler, Angela Gates, Helen White, June
Murphy, Eleanor Marquand, Betty
Moses, Pat Smith, Ruth Ide, Ann
Townsend, Jane Greenwood, Gladys
Shovelin, and Anne Beech, secre
tary.
Freshmen who are interested in
becoming members of the Rally
Committee will be given a chance
to try out later in the quarter.
Jack Laney, chairman of this
year's Rally Committee, announced
that the group's first meeting will
be held later this week. The Rally
Committee has already started its
strenuous fall program by assisting
in Pi*e-registration activities.
Committee members include Bob
Richardson, Paul Slattery, Ed Col
lum, Carl Phillips, Phil Clayburgh,
Ned Pugh, Pete Wihttlesey, Pat
Hubbard, Bob Crawford, Bill Kim
ball, Bill Turner, Bob Low, AI Lou
chard, Teller Weinmann, George
Egan, Frank Knowlcs, Neil Byllard,
Wilson Clark, Stan Glikbarg, and
Fred Hudson.
In charge of the women on the
committee is Didi Vibert. Under her
are Virginia Sterry, Sue Hyman,
Betty Finch, Mollie West, Jean Mil
ler, Angela Gates, Helen White, June
Murphy, Eleanor Marquand, Betty
Moses, Pat Smith, Ruth Ide, Ann
Townsend, Jane Greenwood, Gladys
Shovelin, and Anne Beech, secre
tary.
Freshmen who are interested in
becoming members of the Rally
Committee will be given a chance
to try out later in the quarter.
Jack Laney, chairman of this
year's Rally Committee, announced
that the group's first meeting will
be held later this week. The Rally
Committee has already started its
strenuous fall program by assisting
in Pi*e-registration activities.
Committee members include Bob
Richardson, Paul Slattery, Ed Col
lum, Carl Phillips, Phil Clayburgh,
Ned Pugh, Pete Wihttlesey, Pat
Hubbard, Bob Crawford, Bill Kim
ball, Bill Turner, Bob Low, AI Lou
chard, Teller Weinmann, George
Egan, Frank Knowlcs, Neil Byllard,
Wilson Clark, Stan Glikbarg, and
Fred Hudson.
In charge of the women on the
committee is Didi Vibert. Under her
are Virginia Sterry, Sue Hyman,
Betty Finch, Mollie West, Jean Mil
ler, Angela Gates, Helen White, June
Murphy, Eleanor Marquand, Betty
Moses, Pat Smith, Ruth Ide, Ann
Townsend, Jane Greenwood, Gladys
Shovelin, and Anne Beech, secre
tary.
Freshmen who are interested in
becoming members of the Rally
Committee will be given a chance
to try out later in the quarter.
Jack Laney, chairman of this
year's Rally Committee, announced
that the group's first meeting will
be held later this week. The Rally
Committee has already started its
strenuous fall program by assisting
in Pi*e-registration activities.
Committee members include Bob
Richardson, Paul Slattery, Ed Col
lum, Carl Phillips, Phil Clayburgh,
Ned Pugh, Pete Wihttlesey, Pat
Hubbard, Bob Crawford, Bill Kim
ball, Bill Turner, Bob Low, AI Lou
chard, Teller Weinmann, George
Egan, Frank Knowlcs, Neil Byllard,
Wilson Clark, Stan Glikbarg, and
Fred Hudson.
In charge of the women on the
committee is Didi Vibert. Under her
are Virginia Sterry, Sue Hyman,
Betty Finch, Mollie West, Jean Mil
ler, Angela Gates, Helen White, June
Murphy, Eleanor Marquand, Betty
Moses, Pat Smith, Ruth Ide, Ann
Townsend, Jane Greenwood, Gladys
Shovelin, and Anne Beech, secre
tary.
Freshmen who are interested in
becoming members of the Rally
Committee will be given a chance
to try out later in the quarter.
