# Stanford Dames To Meet Monday
## 
### 
The first general meeting of the
Stanford Dames Club will be held
at the women's clubhouse on Thurs
day, October 6, at 2:30 o'clock. All
wives of married students are eli
gible for membership in this club,
whose aim is to make the period
spent at Stanford helpful, pleasant,
and sociable.
Last year was the club's most suc
cessful year since its inauguration,
according to its president, Marjorie
Stanhope, and all those eligible for
membership are urged to call.
Membership fee is $1 for the year.
The first general meeting of the
Stanford Dames Club will be held
at the women's clubhouse on Thurs
day, October 6, at 2:30 o'clock. All
wives of married students are eli
gible for membership in this club,
whose aim is to make the period
spent at Stanford helpful, pleasant,
and sociable.
Last year was the club's most suc
cessful year since its inauguration,
according to its president, Marjorie
Stanhope, and all those eligible for
membership are urged to call.
Membership fee is $1 for the year.
The first general meeting of the
Stanford Dames Club will be held
at the women's clubhouse on Thurs
day, October 6, at 2:30 o'clock. All
wives of married students are eli
gible for membership in this club,
whose aim is to make the period
spent at Stanford helpful, pleasant,
and sociable.
Last year was the club's most suc
cessful year since its inauguration,
according to its president, Marjorie
Stanhope, and all those eligible for
membership are urged to call.
Membership fee is $1 for the year.
The first general meeting of the
Stanford Dames Club will be held
at the women's clubhouse on Thurs
day, October 6, at 2:30 o'clock. All
wives of married students are eli
gible for membership in this club,
whose aim is to make the period
spent at Stanford helpful, pleasant,
and sociable.
Last year was the club's most suc
cessful year since its inauguration,
according to its president, Marjorie
Stanhope, and all those eligible for
membership are urged to call.
Membership fee is $1 for the year.
The first general meeting of the
Stanford Dames Club will be held
at the women's clubhouse on Thurs
day, October 6, at 2:30 o'clock. All
wives of married students are eli
gible for membership in this club,
whose aim is to make the period
spent at Stanford helpful, pleasant,
and sociable.
Last year was the club's most suc
cessful year since its inauguration,
according to its president, Marjorie
Stanhope, and all those eligible for
membership are urged to call.
Membership fee is $1 for the year.
The first general meeting of the
Stanford Dames Club will be held
at the women's clubhouse on Thurs
day, October 6, at 2:30 o'clock. All
wives of married students are eli
gible for membership in this club,
whose aim is to make the period
spent at Stanford helpful, pleasant,
and sociable.
Last year was the club's most suc
cessful year since its inauguration,
according to its president, Marjorie
Stanhope, and all those eligible for
membership are urged to call.
Membership fee is $1 for the year.
The first general meeting of the
Stanford Dames Club will be held
at the women's clubhouse on Thurs
day, October 6, at 2:30 o'clock. All
wives of married students are eli
gible for membership in this club,
whose aim is to make the period
spent at Stanford helpful, pleasant,
and sociable.
Last year was the club's most suc
cessful year since its inauguration,
according to its president, Marjorie
Stanhope, and all those eligible for
membership are urged to call.
Membership fee is $1 for the year.
The first general meeting of the
Stanford Dames Club will be held
at the women's clubhouse on Thurs
day, October 6, at 2:30 o'clock. All
wives of married students are eli
gible for membership in this club,
whose aim is to make the period
spent at Stanford helpful, pleasant,
and sociable.
Last year was the club's most suc
cessful year since its inauguration,
according to its president, Marjorie
Stanhope, and all those eligible for
membership are urged to call.
Membership fee is $1 for the year.
The first general meeting of the
Stanford Dames Club will be held
at the women's clubhouse on Thurs
day, October 6, at 2:30 o'clock. All
wives of married students are eli
gible for membership in this club,
whose aim is to make the period
spent at Stanford helpful, pleasant,
and sociable.
Last year was the club's most suc
cessful year since its inauguration,
according to its president, Marjorie
Stanhope, and all those eligible for
membership are urged to call.
Membership fee is $1 for the year.
The first general meeting of the
Stanford Dames Club will be held
at the women's clubhouse on Thurs
day, October 6, at 2:30 o'clock. All
wives of married students are eli
gible for membership in this club,
whose aim is to make the period
spent at Stanford helpful, pleasant,
and sociable.
Last year was the club's most suc
cessful year since its inauguration,
according to its president, Marjorie
Stanhope, and all those eligible for
membership are urged to call.
Membership fee is $1 for the year.
The first general meeting of the
Stanford Dames Club will be held
at the women's clubhouse on Thurs
day, October 6, at 2:30 o'clock. All
wives of married students are eli
gible for membership in this club,
whose aim is to make the period
spent at Stanford helpful, pleasant,
and sociable.
Last year was the club's most suc
cessful year since its inauguration,
according to its president, Marjorie
Stanhope, and all those eligible for
membership are urged to call.
Membership fee is $1 for the year.
The first general meeting of the
Stanford Dames Club will be held
at the women's clubhouse on Thurs
day, October 6, at 2:30 o'clock. All
wives of married students are eli
gible for membership in this club,
whose aim is to make the period
spent at Stanford helpful, pleasant,
and sociable.
Last year was the club's most suc
cessful year since its inauguration,
according to its president, Marjorie
Stanhope, and all those eligible for
membership are urged to call.
Membership fee is $1 for the year.
The first general meeting of the
Stanford Dames Club will be held
at the women's clubhouse on Thurs
day, October 6, at 2:30 o'clock. All
wives of married students are eli
gible for membership in this club,
whose aim is to make the period
spent at Stanford helpful, pleasant,
and sociable.
Last year was the club's most suc
cessful year since its inauguration,
according to its president, Marjorie
Stanhope, and all those eligible for
membership are urged to call.
Membership fee is $1 for the year.
The first general meeting of the
Stanford Dames Club will be held
at the women's clubhouse on Thurs
day, October 6, at 2:30 o'clock. All
wives of married students are eli
gible for membership in this club,
whose aim is to make the period
spent at Stanford helpful, pleasant,
and sociable.
Last year was the club's most suc
cessful year since its inauguration,
according to its president, Marjorie
Stanhope, and all those eligible for
membership are urged to call.
Membership fee is $1 for the year.
The first general meeting of the
Stanford Dames Club will be held
at the women's clubhouse on Thurs
day, October 6, at 2:30 o'clock. All
wives of married students are eli
gible for membership in this club,
whose aim is to make the period
spent at Stanford helpful, pleasant,
and sociable.
Last year was the club's most suc
cessful year since its inauguration,
according to its president, Marjorie
Stanhope, and all those eligible for
membership are urged to call.
Membership fee is $1 for the year.
