# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Special date bureaus are being
run in Ruble and Lagunita for Reg
Dance tonight. Freshman and
transfer women will be on tap.
and men wishing dales should
phone Pat Skinner at Ruble, 5171,
or Virginia Thompson, Lagunita.
22151.
Special date bureaus are being
run in Ruble and Lagunita for Reg
Dance tonight. Freshman and
transfer women will be on tap.
and men wishing dales should
phone Pat Skinner at Ruble, 5171,
or Virginia Thompson, Lagunita.
22151.
Special date bureaus are being
run in Ruble and Lagunita for Reg
Dance tonight. Freshman and
transfer women will be on tap.
and men wishing dales should
phone Pat Skinner at Ruble, 5171,
or Virginia Thompson, Lagunita.
22151.
Special date bureaus are being
run in Ruble and Lagunita for Reg
Dance tonight. Freshman and
transfer women will be on tap.
and men wishing dales should
phone Pat Skinner at Ruble, 5171,
or Virginia Thompson, Lagunita.
22151.
Special date bureaus are being
run in Ruble and Lagunita for Reg
Dance tonight. Freshman and
transfer women will be on tap.
and men wishing dales should
phone Pat Skinner at Ruble, 5171,
or Virginia Thompson, Lagunita.
22151.
Special date bureaus are being
run in Ruble and Lagunita for Reg
Dance tonight. Freshman and
transfer women will be on tap.
and men wishing dales should
phone Pat Skinner at Ruble, 5171,
or Virginia Thompson, Lagunita.
22151.
Special date bureaus are being
run in Ruble and Lagunita for Reg
Dance tonight. Freshman and
transfer women will be on tap.
and men wishing dales should
phone Pat Skinner at Ruble, 5171,
or Virginia Thompson, Lagunita.
22151.
Special date bureaus are being
run in Ruble and Lagunita for Reg
Dance tonight. Freshman and
transfer women will be on tap.
and men wishing dales should
phone Pat Skinner at Ruble, 5171,
or Virginia Thompson, Lagunita.
22151.
Special date bureaus are being
run in Ruble and Lagunita for Reg
Dance tonight. Freshman and
transfer women will be on tap.
and men wishing dales should
phone Pat Skinner at Ruble, 5171,
or Virginia Thompson, Lagunita.
22151.
Special date bureaus are being
run in Ruble and Lagunita for Reg
Dance tonight. Freshman and
transfer women will be on tap.
and men wishing dales should
phone Pat Skinner at Ruble, 5171,
or Virginia Thompson, Lagunita.
22151.
Special date bureaus are being
run in Ruble and Lagunita for Reg
Dance tonight. Freshman and
transfer women will be on tap.
and men wishing dales should
phone Pat Skinner at Ruble, 5171,
or Virginia Thompson, Lagunita.
22151.
Special date bureaus are being
run in Ruble and Lagunita for Reg
Dance tonight. Freshman and
transfer women will be on tap.
and men wishing dales should
phone Pat Skinner at Ruble, 5171,
or Virginia Thompson, Lagunita.
22151.
Special date bureaus are being
run in Ruble and Lagunita for Reg
Dance tonight. Freshman and
transfer women will be on tap.
and men wishing dales should
phone Pat Skinner at Ruble, 5171,
or Virginia Thompson, Lagunita.
22151.
Special date bureaus are being
run in Ruble and Lagunita for Reg
Dance tonight. Freshman and
transfer women will be on tap.
and men wishing dales should
phone Pat Skinner at Ruble, 5171,
or Virginia Thompson, Lagunita.
22151.
Special date bureaus are being
run in Ruble and Lagunita for Reg
Dance tonight. Freshman and
transfer women will be on tap.
and men wishing dales should
phone Pat Skinner at Ruble, 5171,
or Virginia Thompson, Lagunita.
22151.
