# He's Plenty Tough
## 
### 

TIIE BELLIGERENT CIIICK, above, is one of ten who were made to
crow at the age of nine days by Professor Calvin P. Stone, of the
psychology department at Stanford.—Acme Telepboto

TIIE BELLIGERENT CIIICK, above, is one of ten who were made to
crow at the age of nine days by Professor Calvin P. Stone, of the
psychology department at Stanford.—Acme Telepboto

TIIE BELLIGERENT CIIICK, above, is one of ten who were made to
crow at the age of nine days by Professor Calvin P. Stone, of the
psychology department at Stanford.—Acme Telepboto

TIIE BELLIGERENT CIIICK, above, is one of ten who were made to
crow at the age of nine days by Professor Calvin P. Stone, of the
psychology department at Stanford.—Acme Telepboto

TIIE BELLIGERENT CIIICK, above, is one of ten who were made to
crow at the age of nine days by Professor Calvin P. Stone, of the
psychology department at Stanford.—Acme Telepboto

TIIE BELLIGERENT CIIICK, above, is one of ten who were made to
crow at the age of nine days by Professor Calvin P. Stone, of the
psychology department at Stanford.—Acme Telepboto

TIIE BELLIGERENT CIIICK, above, is one of ten who were made to
crow at the age of nine days by Professor Calvin P. Stone, of the
psychology department at Stanford.—Acme Telepboto

TIIE BELLIGERENT CIIICK, above, is one of ten who were made to
crow at the age of nine days by Professor Calvin P. Stone, of the
psychology department at Stanford.—Acme Telepboto

TIIE BELLIGERENT CIIICK, above, is one of ten who were made to
crow at the age of nine days by Professor Calvin P. Stone, of the
psychology department at Stanford.—Acme Telepboto

TIIE BELLIGERENT CIIICK, above, is one of ten who were made to
crow at the age of nine days by Professor Calvin P. Stone, of the
psychology department at Stanford.—Acme Telepboto

TIIE BELLIGERENT CIIICK, above, is one of ten who were made to
crow at the age of nine days by Professor Calvin P. Stone, of the
psychology department at Stanford.—Acme Telepboto

TIIE BELLIGERENT CIIICK, above, is one of ten who were made to
crow at the age of nine days by Professor Calvin P. Stone, of the
psychology department at Stanford.—Acme Telepboto

TIIE BELLIGERENT CIIICK, above, is one of ten who were made to
crow at the age of nine days by Professor Calvin P. Stone, of the
psychology department at Stanford.—Acme Telepboto

TIIE BELLIGERENT CIIICK, above, is one of ten who were made to
crow at the age of nine days by Professor Calvin P. Stone, of the
psychology department at Stanford.—Acme Telepboto

TIIE BELLIGERENT CIIICK, above, is one of ten who were made to
crow at the age of nine days by Professor Calvin P. Stone, of the
psychology department at Stanford.—Acme Telepboto
