# SEEK NEW WATERMELON
## 
### 
Department of Agriculture plant
breeders are working with melons
imported from Africa in an effort to
produce a sweeter, better-shipping,
disease-resistant watermelon for
production in this country.
Department of Agriculture plant
breeders are working with melons
imported from Africa in an effort to
produce a sweeter, better-shipping,
disease-resistant watermelon for
production in this country.
Department of Agriculture plant
breeders are working with melons
imported from Africa in an effort to
produce a sweeter, better-shipping,
disease-resistant watermelon for
production in this country.
Department of Agriculture plant
breeders are working with melons
imported from Africa in an effort to
produce a sweeter, better-shipping,
disease-resistant watermelon for
production in this country.
Department of Agriculture plant
breeders are working with melons
imported from Africa in an effort to
produce a sweeter, better-shipping,
disease-resistant watermelon for
production in this country.
Department of Agriculture plant
breeders are working with melons
imported from Africa in an effort to
produce a sweeter, better-shipping,
disease-resistant watermelon for
production in this country.
Department of Agriculture plant
breeders are working with melons
imported from Africa in an effort to
produce a sweeter, better-shipping,
disease-resistant watermelon for
production in this country.
Department of Agriculture plant
breeders are working with melons
imported from Africa in an effort to
produce a sweeter, better-shipping,
disease-resistant watermelon for
production in this country.
Department of Agriculture plant
breeders are working with melons
imported from Africa in an effort to
produce a sweeter, better-shipping,
disease-resistant watermelon for
production in this country.
Department of Agriculture plant
breeders are working with melons
imported from Africa in an effort to
produce a sweeter, better-shipping,
disease-resistant watermelon for
production in this country.
Department of Agriculture plant
breeders are working with melons
imported from Africa in an effort to
produce a sweeter, better-shipping,
disease-resistant watermelon for
production in this country.
Department of Agriculture plant
breeders are working with melons
imported from Africa in an effort to
produce a sweeter, better-shipping,
disease-resistant watermelon for
production in this country.
Department of Agriculture plant
breeders are working with melons
imported from Africa in an effort to
produce a sweeter, better-shipping,
disease-resistant watermelon for
production in this country.
Department of Agriculture plant
breeders are working with melons
imported from Africa in an effort to
produce a sweeter, better-shipping,
disease-resistant watermelon for
production in this country.
Department of Agriculture plant
breeders are working with melons
imported from Africa in an effort to
produce a sweeter, better-shipping,
disease-resistant watermelon for
production in this country.
