# Papoose Tackle Menlo J.C. Today
## 
### 
Stanford's freshman pigskin spec
ialists—l 942 brand—get their first
tuste of competition this afternoon
at 4:30 o'clock on the frosh field
when they scrimmage Menlo J. C.
Coach Harry Shipkey will throw a
light, fast team against Menlo and
he will probably try several com
binations on both the line and in
the backfield in an effort to put his
strongest team on the field for the

season's opener Saturday against
Pomona Jaysee.
Injuries to key men have seriously
handicapped Shipkey, no less than
12 men being on the noncombattant
list at present.
Shipkey's first string tomorrow
will probably consist of Fred Meyer
and Edgar Wilson, ends; Francis
Radditz and Winford Jones, tackles;
Robert Crane and David Patterson,
guards; Colin McClintock, center.
Stanford's freshman pigskin spec
ialists—l 942 brand—get their first
tuste of competition this afternoon
at 4:30 o'clock on the frosh field
when they scrimmage Menlo J. C.
Coach Harry Shipkey will throw a
light, fast team against Menlo and
he will probably try several com
binations on both the line and in
the backfield in an effort to put his
strongest team on the field for the

season's opener Saturday against
Pomona Jaysee.
Injuries to key men have seriously
handicapped Shipkey, no less than
12 men being on the noncombattant
list at present.
Shipkey's first string tomorrow
will probably consist of Fred Meyer
and Edgar Wilson, ends; Francis
Radditz and Winford Jones, tackles;
Robert Crane and David Patterson,
guards; Colin McClintock, center.
Stanford's freshman pigskin spec
ialists—l 942 brand—get their first
tuste of competition this afternoon
at 4:30 o'clock on the frosh field
when they scrimmage Menlo J. C.
Coach Harry Shipkey will throw a
light, fast team against Menlo and
he will probably try several com
binations on both the line and in
the backfield in an effort to put his
strongest team on the field for the

season's opener Saturday against
Pomona Jaysee.
Injuries to key men have seriously
handicapped Shipkey, no less than
12 men being on the noncombattant
list at present.
Shipkey's first string tomorrow
will probably consist of Fred Meyer
and Edgar Wilson, ends; Francis
Radditz and Winford Jones, tackles;
Robert Crane and David Patterson,
guards; Colin McClintock, center.
Stanford's freshman pigskin spec
ialists—l 942 brand—get their first
tuste of competition this afternoon
at 4:30 o'clock on the frosh field
when they scrimmage Menlo J. C.
Coach Harry Shipkey will throw a
light, fast team against Menlo and
he will probably try several com
binations on both the line and in
the backfield in an effort to put his
strongest team on the field for the

season's opener Saturday against
Pomona Jaysee.
Injuries to key men have seriously
handicapped Shipkey, no less than
12 men being on the noncombattant
list at present.
Shipkey's first string tomorrow
will probably consist of Fred Meyer
and Edgar Wilson, ends; Francis
Radditz and Winford Jones, tackles;
Robert Crane and David Patterson,
guards; Colin McClintock, center.
Stanford's freshman pigskin spec
ialists—l 942 brand—get their first
tuste of competition this afternoon
at 4:30 o'clock on the frosh field
when they scrimmage Menlo J. C.
Coach Harry Shipkey will throw a
light, fast team against Menlo and
he will probably try several com
binations on both the line and in
the backfield in an effort to put his
strongest team on the field for the

season's opener Saturday against
Pomona Jaysee.
Injuries to key men have seriously
handicapped Shipkey, no less than
12 men being on the noncombattant
list at present.
Shipkey's first string tomorrow
will probably consist of Fred Meyer
and Edgar Wilson, ends; Francis
Radditz and Winford Jones, tackles;
Robert Crane and David Patterson,
guards; Colin McClintock, center.
Stanford's freshman pigskin spec
ialists—l 942 brand—get their first
tuste of competition this afternoon
at 4:30 o'clock on the frosh field
when they scrimmage Menlo J. C.
Coach Harry Shipkey will throw a
light, fast team against Menlo and
he will probably try several com
binations on both the line and in
the backfield in an effort to put his
strongest team on the field for the

season's opener Saturday against
Pomona Jaysee.
Injuries to key men have seriously
handicapped Shipkey, no less than
12 men being on the noncombattant
list at present.
Shipkey's first string tomorrow
will probably consist of Fred Meyer
and Edgar Wilson, ends; Francis
Radditz and Winford Jones, tackles;
Robert Crane and David Patterson,
guards; Colin McClintock, center.
Stanford's freshman pigskin spec
ialists—l 942 brand—get their first
tuste of competition this afternoon
at 4:30 o'clock on the frosh field
when they scrimmage Menlo J. C.
Coach Harry Shipkey will throw a
light, fast team against Menlo and
he will probably try several com
binations on both the line and in
the backfield in an effort to put his
strongest team on the field for the

season's opener Saturday against
Pomona Jaysee.
Injuries to key men have seriously
handicapped Shipkey, no less than
12 men being on the noncombattant
list at present.
Shipkey's first string tomorrow
will probably consist of Fred Meyer
and Edgar Wilson, ends; Francis
Radditz and Winford Jones, tackles;
Robert Crane and David Patterson,
guards; Colin McClintock, center.
Stanford's freshman pigskin spec
ialists—l 942 brand—get their first
tuste of competition this afternoon
at 4:30 o'clock on the frosh field
when they scrimmage Menlo J. C.
Coach Harry Shipkey will throw a
light, fast team against Menlo and
he will probably try several com
binations on both the line and in
the backfield in an effort to put his
strongest team on the field for the

season's opener Saturday against
Pomona Jaysee.
Injuries to key men have seriously
handicapped Shipkey, no less than
12 men being on the noncombattant
list at present.
Shipkey's first string tomorrow
will probably consist of Fred Meyer
and Edgar Wilson, ends; Francis
Radditz and Winford Jones, tackles;
Robert Crane and David Patterson,
guards; Colin McClintock, center.
Stanford's freshman pigskin spec
ialists—l 942 brand—get their first
tuste of competition this afternoon
at 4:30 o'clock on the frosh field
when they scrimmage Menlo J. C.
Coach Harry Shipkey will throw a
light, fast team against Menlo and
he will probably try several com
binations on both the line and in
the backfield in an effort to put his
strongest team on the field for the

season's opener Saturday against
Pomona Jaysee.
Injuries to key men have seriously
handicapped Shipkey, no less than
12 men being on the noncombattant
list at present.
Shipkey's first string tomorrow
will probably consist of Fred Meyer
and Edgar Wilson, ends; Francis
Radditz and Winford Jones, tackles;
Robert Crane and David Patterson,
guards; Colin McClintock, center.
Stanford's freshman pigskin spec
ialists—l 942 brand—get their first
tuste of competition this afternoon
at 4:30 o'clock on the frosh field
when they scrimmage Menlo J. C.
Coach Harry Shipkey will throw a
light, fast team against Menlo and
he will probably try several com
binations on both the line and in
the backfield in an effort to put his
strongest team on the field for the

season's opener Saturday against
Pomona Jaysee.
Injuries to key men have seriously
handicapped Shipkey, no less than
12 men being on the noncombattant
list at present.
Shipkey's first string tomorrow
will probably consist of Fred Meyer
and Edgar Wilson, ends; Francis
Radditz and Winford Jones, tackles;
Robert Crane and David Patterson,
guards; Colin McClintock, center.
Stanford's freshman pigskin spec
ialists—l 942 brand—get their first
tuste of competition this afternoon
at 4:30 o'clock on the frosh field
when they scrimmage Menlo J. C.
Coach Harry Shipkey will throw a
light, fast team against Menlo and
he will probably try several com
binations on both the line and in
the backfield in an effort to put his
strongest team on the field for the

season's opener Saturday against
Pomona Jaysee.
Injuries to key men have seriously
handicapped Shipkey, no less than
12 men being on the noncombattant
list at present.
Shipkey's first string tomorrow
will probably consist of Fred Meyer
and Edgar Wilson, ends; Francis
Radditz and Winford Jones, tackles;
Robert Crane and David Patterson,
guards; Colin McClintock, center.
Stanford's freshman pigskin spec
ialists—l 942 brand—get their first
tuste of competition this afternoon
at 4:30 o'clock on the frosh field
when they scrimmage Menlo J. C.
Coach Harry Shipkey will throw a
light, fast team against Menlo and
he will probably try several com
binations on both the line and in
the backfield in an effort to put his
strongest team on the field for the

season's opener Saturday against
Pomona Jaysee.
Injuries to key men have seriously
handicapped Shipkey, no less than
12 men being on the noncombattant
list at present.
Shipkey's first string tomorrow
will probably consist of Fred Meyer
and Edgar Wilson, ends; Francis
Radditz and Winford Jones, tackles;
Robert Crane and David Patterson,
guards; Colin McClintock, center.
Stanford's freshman pigskin spec
ialists—l 942 brand—get their first
tuste of competition this afternoon
at 4:30 o'clock on the frosh field
when they scrimmage Menlo J. C.
Coach Harry Shipkey will throw a
light, fast team against Menlo and
he will probably try several com
binations on both the line and in
the backfield in an effort to put his
strongest team on the field for the

season's opener Saturday against
Pomona Jaysee.
Injuries to key men have seriously
handicapped Shipkey, no less than
12 men being on the noncombattant
list at present.
Shipkey's first string tomorrow
will probably consist of Fred Meyer
and Edgar Wilson, ends; Francis
Radditz and Winford Jones, tackles;
Robert Crane and David Patterson,
guards; Colin McClintock, center.
Stanford's freshman pigskin spec
ialists—l 942 brand—get their first
tuste of competition this afternoon
at 4:30 o'clock on the frosh field
when they scrimmage Menlo J. C.
Coach Harry Shipkey will throw a
light, fast team against Menlo and
he will probably try several com
binations on both the line and in
the backfield in an effort to put his
strongest team on the field for the

season's opener Saturday against
Pomona Jaysee.
Injuries to key men have seriously
handicapped Shipkey, no less than
12 men being on the noncombattant
list at present.
Shipkey's first string tomorrow
will probably consist of Fred Meyer
and Edgar Wilson, ends; Francis
Radditz and Winford Jones, tackles;
Robert Crane and David Patterson,
guards; Colin McClintock, center.
Stanford's freshman pigskin spec
ialists—l 942 brand—get their first
tuste of competition this afternoon
at 4:30 o'clock on the frosh field
when they scrimmage Menlo J. C.
Coach Harry Shipkey will throw a
light, fast team against Menlo and
he will probably try several com
binations on both the line and in
the backfield in an effort to put his
strongest team on the field for the

season's opener Saturday against
Pomona Jaysee.
Injuries to key men have seriously
handicapped Shipkey, no less than
12 men being on the noncombattant
list at present.
Shipkey's first string tomorrow
will probably consist of Fred Meyer
and Edgar Wilson, ends; Francis
Radditz and Winford Jones, tackles;
Robert Crane and David Patterson,
guards; Colin McClintock, center.
