# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Song Committee. —The following
men will constitute the football
song committee: W. A. Morris,
Frank English, Phil Oilman (chair
man). Cecil M. Marrack, Pres.
Song Committee. —The following
men will constitute the football
song committee: W. A. Morris,
Frank English, Phil Oilman (chair
man). Cecil M. Marrack, Pres.
Song Committee. —The following
men will constitute the football
song committee: W. A. Morris,
Frank English, Phil Oilman (chair
man). Cecil M. Marrack, Pres.
Song Committee. —The following
men will constitute the football
song committee: W. A. Morris,
Frank English, Phil Oilman (chair
man). Cecil M. Marrack, Pres.
Song Committee. —The following
men will constitute the football
song committee: W. A. Morris,
Frank English, Phil Oilman (chair
man). Cecil M. Marrack, Pres.
Song Committee. —The following
men will constitute the football
song committee: W. A. Morris,
Frank English, Phil Oilman (chair
man). Cecil M. Marrack, Pres.
Song Committee. —The following
men will constitute the football
song committee: W. A. Morris,
Frank English, Phil Oilman (chair
man). Cecil M. Marrack, Pres.
