# KZSU
## 
### 
KZSU officers for the coming
year: Gary Tripp, station mana
ger; Steve Baffrey, program
manager; Jim Harvey, chief engi
neer; Barbara Beckwith, business
manager.
KZSU officers for the coming
year: Gary Tripp, station mana
ger; Steve Baffrey, program
manager; Jim Harvey, chief engi
neer; Barbara Beckwith, business
manager.
KZSU officers for the coming
year: Gary Tripp, station mana
ger; Steve Baffrey, program
manager; Jim Harvey, chief engi
neer; Barbara Beckwith, business
manager.
KZSU officers for the coming
year: Gary Tripp, station mana
ger; Steve Baffrey, program
manager; Jim Harvey, chief engi
neer; Barbara Beckwith, business
manager.
KZSU officers for the coming
year: Gary Tripp, station mana
ger; Steve Baffrey, program
manager; Jim Harvey, chief engi
neer; Barbara Beckwith, business
manager.
KZSU officers for the coming
year: Gary Tripp, station mana
ger; Steve Baffrey, program
manager; Jim Harvey, chief engi
neer; Barbara Beckwith, business
manager.
KZSU officers for the coming
year: Gary Tripp, station mana
ger; Steve Baffrey, program
manager; Jim Harvey, chief engi
neer; Barbara Beckwith, business
manager.
KZSU officers for the coming
year: Gary Tripp, station mana
ger; Steve Baffrey, program
manager; Jim Harvey, chief engi
neer; Barbara Beckwith, business
manager.
KZSU officers for the coming
year: Gary Tripp, station mana
ger; Steve Baffrey, program
manager; Jim Harvey, chief engi
neer; Barbara Beckwith, business
manager.
KZSU officers for the coming
year: Gary Tripp, station mana
ger; Steve Baffrey, program
manager; Jim Harvey, chief engi
neer; Barbara Beckwith, business
manager.
KZSU officers for the coming
year: Gary Tripp, station mana
ger; Steve Baffrey, program
manager; Jim Harvey, chief engi
neer; Barbara Beckwith, business
manager.
KZSU officers for the coming
year: Gary Tripp, station mana
ger; Steve Baffrey, program
manager; Jim Harvey, chief engi
neer; Barbara Beckwith, business
manager.
KZSU officers for the coming
year: Gary Tripp, station mana
ger; Steve Baffrey, program
manager; Jim Harvey, chief engi
neer; Barbara Beckwith, business
manager.
KZSU officers for the coming
year: Gary Tripp, station mana
ger; Steve Baffrey, program
manager; Jim Harvey, chief engi
neer; Barbara Beckwith, business
manager.
KZSU officers for the coming
year: Gary Tripp, station mana
ger; Steve Baffrey, program
manager; Jim Harvey, chief engi
neer; Barbara Beckwith, business
manager.
KZSU officers for the coming
year: Gary Tripp, station mana
ger; Steve Baffrey, program
manager; Jim Harvey, chief engi
neer; Barbara Beckwith, business
manager.
