# German Soprano Last Artist Signed For '57-'58 Series
## 
### 
The Stanford Concert Series has
signer! Elizabeth Schwarzkopf as
the final artist for the 1957-58 sea-
Son, according to Dick Lee, Con
ceit Series manager. The German
soprano will be presented in the
autumn at Memorial Auditorium.
Miss began her
career studying at the Hochschule
fur Muslk in Berlin, where she
won ffrst prizes in theory, har
mony, musical history, piano, vi
ola and singing. Her first Ameri
can appearance in 1953 was one
of the most widely discussed de
buts ever made in this country.
Season tickets for the 1957-58
series are on sale now at Ihe
ASSU Concert Series office, in
iiie Nitery, from 1 to 5 p.m. Mon
day through Friday. For further
information phone DA 3-3870 or
write to P.O. Box 1151, Stanford.
The Stanford Concert Series has
signer! Elizabeth Schwarzkopf as
the final artist for the 1957-58 sea-
Son, according to Dick Lee, Con
ceit Series manager. The German
soprano will be presented in the
autumn at Memorial Auditorium.
Miss began her
career studying at the Hochschule
fur Muslk in Berlin, where she
won ffrst prizes in theory, har
mony, musical history, piano, vi
ola and singing. Her first Ameri
can appearance in 1953 was one
of the most widely discussed de
buts ever made in this country.
Season tickets for the 1957-58
series are on sale now at Ihe
ASSU Concert Series office, in
iiie Nitery, from 1 to 5 p.m. Mon
day through Friday. For further
information phone DA 3-3870 or
write to P.O. Box 1151, Stanford.
The Stanford Concert Series has
signer! Elizabeth Schwarzkopf as
the final artist for the 1957-58 sea-
Son, according to Dick Lee, Con
ceit Series manager. The German
soprano will be presented in the
autumn at Memorial Auditorium.
Miss began her
career studying at the Hochschule
fur Muslk in Berlin, where she
won ffrst prizes in theory, har
mony, musical history, piano, vi
ola and singing. Her first Ameri
can appearance in 1953 was one
of the most widely discussed de
buts ever made in this country.
Season tickets for the 1957-58
series are on sale now at Ihe
ASSU Concert Series office, in
iiie Nitery, from 1 to 5 p.m. Mon
day through Friday. For further
information phone DA 3-3870 or
write to P.O. Box 1151, Stanford.
The Stanford Concert Series has
signer! Elizabeth Schwarzkopf as
the final artist for the 1957-58 sea-
Son, according to Dick Lee, Con
ceit Series manager. The German
soprano will be presented in the
autumn at Memorial Auditorium.
Miss began her
career studying at the Hochschule
fur Muslk in Berlin, where she
won ffrst prizes in theory, har
mony, musical history, piano, vi
ola and singing. Her first Ameri
can appearance in 1953 was one
of the most widely discussed de
buts ever made in this country.
Season tickets for the 1957-58
series are on sale now at Ihe
ASSU Concert Series office, in
iiie Nitery, from 1 to 5 p.m. Mon
day through Friday. For further
information phone DA 3-3870 or
write to P.O. Box 1151, Stanford.
The Stanford Concert Series has
signer! Elizabeth Schwarzkopf as
the final artist for the 1957-58 sea-
Son, according to Dick Lee, Con
ceit Series manager. The German
soprano will be presented in the
autumn at Memorial Auditorium.
Miss began her
career studying at the Hochschule
fur Muslk in Berlin, where she
won ffrst prizes in theory, har
mony, musical history, piano, vi
ola and singing. Her first Ameri
can appearance in 1953 was one
of the most widely discussed de
buts ever made in this country.
Season tickets for the 1957-58
series are on sale now at Ihe
ASSU Concert Series office, in
iiie Nitery, from 1 to 5 p.m. Mon
day through Friday. For further
information phone DA 3-3870 or
write to P.O. Box 1151, Stanford.
The Stanford Concert Series has
signer! Elizabeth Schwarzkopf as
the final artist for the 1957-58 sea-
Son, according to Dick Lee, Con
ceit Series manager. The German
soprano will be presented in the
autumn at Memorial Auditorium.
Miss began her
career studying at the Hochschule
fur Muslk in Berlin, where she
won ffrst prizes in theory, har
mony, musical history, piano, vi
ola and singing. Her first Ameri
can appearance in 1953 was one
of the most widely discussed de
buts ever made in this country.
Season tickets for the 1957-58
series are on sale now at Ihe
ASSU Concert Series office, in
iiie Nitery, from 1 to 5 p.m. Mon
day through Friday. For further
information phone DA 3-3870 or
write to P.O. Box 1151, Stanford.
The Stanford Concert Series has
signer! Elizabeth Schwarzkopf as
the final artist for the 1957-58 sea-
Son, according to Dick Lee, Con
ceit Series manager. The German
soprano will be presented in the
autumn at Memorial Auditorium.
Miss began her
career studying at the Hochschule
fur Muslk in Berlin, where she
won ffrst prizes in theory, har
mony, musical history, piano, vi
ola and singing. Her first Ameri
can appearance in 1953 was one
of the most widely discussed de
buts ever made in this country.
Season tickets for the 1957-58
series are on sale now at Ihe
ASSU Concert Series office, in
iiie Nitery, from 1 to 5 p.m. Mon
day through Friday. For further
information phone DA 3-3870 or
write to P.O. Box 1151, Stanford.
The Stanford Concert Series has
signer! Elizabeth Schwarzkopf as
the final artist for the 1957-58 sea-
Son, according to Dick Lee, Con
ceit Series manager. The German
soprano will be presented in the
autumn at Memorial Auditorium.
Miss began her
career studying at the Hochschule
fur Muslk in Berlin, where she
won ffrst prizes in theory, har
mony, musical history, piano, vi
ola and singing. Her first Ameri
can appearance in 1953 was one
of the most widely discussed de
buts ever made in this country.
Season tickets for the 1957-58
series are on sale now at Ihe
ASSU Concert Series office, in
iiie Nitery, from 1 to 5 p.m. Mon
day through Friday. For further
information phone DA 3-3870 or
write to P.O. Box 1151, Stanford.
The Stanford Concert Series has
signer! Elizabeth Schwarzkopf as
the final artist for the 1957-58 sea-
Son, according to Dick Lee, Con
ceit Series manager. The German
soprano will be presented in the
autumn at Memorial Auditorium.
Miss began her
career studying at the Hochschule
fur Muslk in Berlin, where she
won ffrst prizes in theory, har
mony, musical history, piano, vi
ola and singing. Her first Ameri
can appearance in 1953 was one
of the most widely discussed de
buts ever made in this country.
Season tickets for the 1957-58
series are on sale now at Ihe
ASSU Concert Series office, in
iiie Nitery, from 1 to 5 p.m. Mon
day through Friday. For further
information phone DA 3-3870 or
write to P.O. Box 1151, Stanford.
The Stanford Concert Series has
signer! Elizabeth Schwarzkopf as
the final artist for the 1957-58 sea-
Son, according to Dick Lee, Con
ceit Series manager. The German
soprano will be presented in the
autumn at Memorial Auditorium.
Miss began her
career studying at the Hochschule
fur Muslk in Berlin, where she
won ffrst prizes in theory, har
mony, musical history, piano, vi
ola and singing. Her first Ameri
can appearance in 1953 was one
of the most widely discussed de
buts ever made in this country.
Season tickets for the 1957-58
series are on sale now at Ihe
ASSU Concert Series office, in
iiie Nitery, from 1 to 5 p.m. Mon
day through Friday. For further
information phone DA 3-3870 or
write to P.O. Box 1151, Stanford.
The Stanford Concert Series has
signer! Elizabeth Schwarzkopf as
the final artist for the 1957-58 sea-
Son, according to Dick Lee, Con
ceit Series manager. The German
soprano will be presented in the
autumn at Memorial Auditorium.
Miss began her
career studying at the Hochschule
fur Muslk in Berlin, where she
won ffrst prizes in theory, har
mony, musical history, piano, vi
ola and singing. Her first Ameri
can appearance in 1953 was one
of the most widely discussed de
buts ever made in this country.
Season tickets for the 1957-58
series are on sale now at Ihe
ASSU Concert Series office, in
iiie Nitery, from 1 to 5 p.m. Mon
day through Friday. For further
information phone DA 3-3870 or
write to P.O. Box 1151, Stanford.
The Stanford Concert Series has
signer! Elizabeth Schwarzkopf as
the final artist for the 1957-58 sea-
Son, according to Dick Lee, Con
ceit Series manager. The German
soprano will be presented in the
autumn at Memorial Auditorium.
Miss began her
career studying at the Hochschule
fur Muslk in Berlin, where she
won ffrst prizes in theory, har
mony, musical history, piano, vi
ola and singing. Her first Ameri
can appearance in 1953 was one
of the most widely discussed de
buts ever made in this country.
Season tickets for the 1957-58
series are on sale now at Ihe
ASSU Concert Series office, in
iiie Nitery, from 1 to 5 p.m. Mon
day through Friday. For further
information phone DA 3-3870 or
write to P.O. Box 1151, Stanford.
The Stanford Concert Series has
signer! Elizabeth Schwarzkopf as
the final artist for the 1957-58 sea-
Son, according to Dick Lee, Con
ceit Series manager. The German
soprano will be presented in the
autumn at Memorial Auditorium.
Miss began her
career studying at the Hochschule
fur Muslk in Berlin, where she
won ffrst prizes in theory, har
mony, musical history, piano, vi
ola and singing. Her first Ameri
can appearance in 1953 was one
of the most widely discussed de
buts ever made in this country.
Season tickets for the 1957-58
series are on sale now at Ihe
ASSU Concert Series office, in
iiie Nitery, from 1 to 5 p.m. Mon
day through Friday. For further
information phone DA 3-3870 or
write to P.O. Box 1151, Stanford.
The Stanford Concert Series has
signer! Elizabeth Schwarzkopf as
the final artist for the 1957-58 sea-
Son, according to Dick Lee, Con
ceit Series manager. The German
soprano will be presented in the
autumn at Memorial Auditorium.
Miss began her
career studying at the Hochschule
fur Muslk in Berlin, where she
won ffrst prizes in theory, har
mony, musical history, piano, vi
ola and singing. Her first Ameri
can appearance in 1953 was one
of the most widely discussed de
buts ever made in this country.
Season tickets for the 1957-58
series are on sale now at Ihe
ASSU Concert Series office, in
iiie Nitery, from 1 to 5 p.m. Mon
day through Friday. For further
information phone DA 3-3870 or
write to P.O. Box 1151, Stanford.
The Stanford Concert Series has
signer! Elizabeth Schwarzkopf as
the final artist for the 1957-58 sea-
Son, according to Dick Lee, Con
ceit Series manager. The German
soprano will be presented in the
autumn at Memorial Auditorium.
Miss began her
career studying at the Hochschule
fur Muslk in Berlin, where she
won ffrst prizes in theory, har
mony, musical history, piano, vi
ola and singing. Her first Ameri
can appearance in 1953 was one
of the most widely discussed de
buts ever made in this country.
Season tickets for the 1957-58
series are on sale now at Ihe
ASSU Concert Series office, in
iiie Nitery, from 1 to 5 p.m. Mon
day through Friday. For further
information phone DA 3-3870 or
write to P.O. Box 1151, Stanford.
The Stanford Concert Series has
signer! Elizabeth Schwarzkopf as
the final artist for the 1957-58 sea-
Son, according to Dick Lee, Con
ceit Series manager. The German
soprano will be presented in the
autumn at Memorial Auditorium.
Miss began her
career studying at the Hochschule
fur Muslk in Berlin, where she
won ffrst prizes in theory, har
mony, musical history, piano, vi
ola and singing. Her first Ameri
can appearance in 1953 was one
of the most widely discussed de
buts ever made in this country.
Season tickets for the 1957-58
series are on sale now at Ihe
ASSU Concert Series office, in
iiie Nitery, from 1 to 5 p.m. Mon
day through Friday. For further
information phone DA 3-3870 or
write to P.O. Box 1151, Stanford.
