# Courtney Seeks Four-Minute Mile
## 
### 
COMPTON, April 29 (UP)—
Tom Courtney, Olympic Games
800-meter champion, will compete
in the mile run at the 18th An
nual Compton Invitational Track
and Field Meet May 31, meet di
rector Herschel Smith disclosed
today.
Smith said that Courtney, un
beaten in the 880 last year, de
cided to' compete in the mile in
an effort to become the first
American to break four minutes.
Courtney, the former Fordham
star, will meet Laszlo Tabori of
Hungary and Fred Dwyer of the
New York Athletic Club in the
Compton mile as well as other
top performers.
COMPTON, April 29 (UP)—
Tom Courtney, Olympic Games
800-meter champion, will compete
in the mile run at the 18th An
nual Compton Invitational Track
and Field Meet May 31, meet di
rector Herschel Smith disclosed
today.
Smith said that Courtney, un
beaten in the 880 last year, de
cided to' compete in the mile in
an effort to become the first
American to break four minutes.
Courtney, the former Fordham
star, will meet Laszlo Tabori of
Hungary and Fred Dwyer of the
New York Athletic Club in the
Compton mile as well as other
top performers.
COMPTON, April 29 (UP)—
Tom Courtney, Olympic Games
800-meter champion, will compete
in the mile run at the 18th An
nual Compton Invitational Track
and Field Meet May 31, meet di
rector Herschel Smith disclosed
today.
Smith said that Courtney, un
beaten in the 880 last year, de
cided to' compete in the mile in
an effort to become the first
American to break four minutes.
Courtney, the former Fordham
star, will meet Laszlo Tabori of
Hungary and Fred Dwyer of the
New York Athletic Club in the
Compton mile as well as other
top performers.
COMPTON, April 29 (UP)—
Tom Courtney, Olympic Games
800-meter champion, will compete
in the mile run at the 18th An
nual Compton Invitational Track
and Field Meet May 31, meet di
rector Herschel Smith disclosed
today.
Smith said that Courtney, un
beaten in the 880 last year, de
cided to' compete in the mile in
an effort to become the first
American to break four minutes.
Courtney, the former Fordham
star, will meet Laszlo Tabori of
Hungary and Fred Dwyer of the
New York Athletic Club in the
Compton mile as well as other
top performers.
COMPTON, April 29 (UP)—
Tom Courtney, Olympic Games
800-meter champion, will compete
in the mile run at the 18th An
nual Compton Invitational Track
and Field Meet May 31, meet di
rector Herschel Smith disclosed
today.
Smith said that Courtney, un
beaten in the 880 last year, de
cided to' compete in the mile in
an effort to become the first
American to break four minutes.
Courtney, the former Fordham
star, will meet Laszlo Tabori of
Hungary and Fred Dwyer of the
New York Athletic Club in the
Compton mile as well as other
top performers.
COMPTON, April 29 (UP)—
Tom Courtney, Olympic Games
800-meter champion, will compete
in the mile run at the 18th An
nual Compton Invitational Track
and Field Meet May 31, meet di
rector Herschel Smith disclosed
today.
Smith said that Courtney, un
beaten in the 880 last year, de
cided to' compete in the mile in
an effort to become the first
American to break four minutes.
Courtney, the former Fordham
star, will meet Laszlo Tabori of
Hungary and Fred Dwyer of the
New York Athletic Club in the
Compton mile as well as other
top performers.
COMPTON, April 29 (UP)—
Tom Courtney, Olympic Games
800-meter champion, will compete
in the mile run at the 18th An
nual Compton Invitational Track
and Field Meet May 31, meet di
rector Herschel Smith disclosed
today.
Smith said that Courtney, un
beaten in the 880 last year, de
cided to' compete in the mile in
an effort to become the first
American to break four minutes.
Courtney, the former Fordham
star, will meet Laszlo Tabori of
Hungary and Fred Dwyer of the
New York Athletic Club in the
Compton mile as well as other
top performers.
COMPTON, April 29 (UP)—
Tom Courtney, Olympic Games
800-meter champion, will compete
in the mile run at the 18th An
nual Compton Invitational Track
and Field Meet May 31, meet di
rector Herschel Smith disclosed
today.
Smith said that Courtney, un
beaten in the 880 last year, de
cided to' compete in the mile in
an effort to become the first
American to break four minutes.
Courtney, the former Fordham
star, will meet Laszlo Tabori of
Hungary and Fred Dwyer of the
New York Athletic Club in the
Compton mile as well as other
top performers.
COMPTON, April 29 (UP)—
Tom Courtney, Olympic Games
800-meter champion, will compete
in the mile run at the 18th An
nual Compton Invitational Track
and Field Meet May 31, meet di
rector Herschel Smith disclosed
today.
Smith said that Courtney, un
beaten in the 880 last year, de
cided to' compete in the mile in
an effort to become the first
American to break four minutes.
Courtney, the former Fordham
star, will meet Laszlo Tabori of
Hungary and Fred Dwyer of the
New York Athletic Club in the
Compton mile as well as other
top performers.
COMPTON, April 29 (UP)—
Tom Courtney, Olympic Games
800-meter champion, will compete
in the mile run at the 18th An
nual Compton Invitational Track
and Field Meet May 31, meet di
rector Herschel Smith disclosed
today.
Smith said that Courtney, un
beaten in the 880 last year, de
cided to' compete in the mile in
an effort to become the first
American to break four minutes.
Courtney, the former Fordham
star, will meet Laszlo Tabori of
Hungary and Fred Dwyer of the
New York Athletic Club in the
Compton mile as well as other
top performers.
COMPTON, April 29 (UP)—
Tom Courtney, Olympic Games
800-meter champion, will compete
in the mile run at the 18th An
nual Compton Invitational Track
and Field Meet May 31, meet di
rector Herschel Smith disclosed
today.
Smith said that Courtney, un
beaten in the 880 last year, de
cided to' compete in the mile in
an effort to become the first
American to break four minutes.
Courtney, the former Fordham
star, will meet Laszlo Tabori of
Hungary and Fred Dwyer of the
New York Athletic Club in the
Compton mile as well as other
top performers.
COMPTON, April 29 (UP)—
Tom Courtney, Olympic Games
800-meter champion, will compete
in the mile run at the 18th An
nual Compton Invitational Track
and Field Meet May 31, meet di
rector Herschel Smith disclosed
today.
Smith said that Courtney, un
beaten in the 880 last year, de
cided to' compete in the mile in
an effort to become the first
American to break four minutes.
Courtney, the former Fordham
star, will meet Laszlo Tabori of
Hungary and Fred Dwyer of the
New York Athletic Club in the
Compton mile as well as other
top performers.
COMPTON, April 29 (UP)—
Tom Courtney, Olympic Games
800-meter champion, will compete
in the mile run at the 18th An
nual Compton Invitational Track
and Field Meet May 31, meet di
rector Herschel Smith disclosed
today.
Smith said that Courtney, un
beaten in the 880 last year, de
cided to' compete in the mile in
an effort to become the first
American to break four minutes.
Courtney, the former Fordham
star, will meet Laszlo Tabori of
Hungary and Fred Dwyer of the
New York Athletic Club in the
Compton mile as well as other
top performers.
COMPTON, April 29 (UP)—
Tom Courtney, Olympic Games
800-meter champion, will compete
in the mile run at the 18th An
nual Compton Invitational Track
and Field Meet May 31, meet di
rector Herschel Smith disclosed
today.
Smith said that Courtney, un
beaten in the 880 last year, de
cided to' compete in the mile in
an effort to become the first
American to break four minutes.
Courtney, the former Fordham
star, will meet Laszlo Tabori of
Hungary and Fred Dwyer of the
New York Athletic Club in the
Compton mile as well as other
top performers.
COMPTON, April 29 (UP)—
Tom Courtney, Olympic Games
800-meter champion, will compete
in the mile run at the 18th An
nual Compton Invitational Track
and Field Meet May 31, meet di
rector Herschel Smith disclosed
today.
Smith said that Courtney, un
beaten in the 880 last year, de
cided to' compete in the mile in
an effort to become the first
American to break four minutes.
Courtney, the former Fordham
star, will meet Laszlo Tabori of
Hungary and Fred Dwyer of the
New York Athletic Club in the
Compton mile as well as other
top performers.
COMPTON, April 29 (UP)—
Tom Courtney, Olympic Games
800-meter champion, will compete
in the mile run at the 18th An
nual Compton Invitational Track
and Field Meet May 31, meet di
rector Herschel Smith disclosed
today.
Smith said that Courtney, un
beaten in the 880 last year, de
cided to' compete in the mile in
an effort to become the first
American to break four minutes.
Courtney, the former Fordham
star, will meet Laszlo Tabori of
Hungary and Fred Dwyer of the
New York Athletic Club in the
Compton mile as well as other
top performers.
