# QUARTER HALF GONE
## 
### 
This quarter is half through already, surprising as it may seem. Mid
quarter exes have reminded some of this swift passage of time. Let's be
cheerful about it; if studies have been kept up, the half-way-through
marker on the calendar is no cause for worry; if they haven't there's
still time.
This quarter is half through already, surprising as it may seem. Mid
quarter exes have reminded some of this swift passage of time. Let's be
cheerful about it; if studies have been kept up, the half-way-through
marker on the calendar is no cause for worry; if they haven't there's
still time.
This quarter is half through already, surprising as it may seem. Mid
quarter exes have reminded some of this swift passage of time. Let's be
cheerful about it; if studies have been kept up, the half-way-through
marker on the calendar is no cause for worry; if they haven't there's
still time.
This quarter is half through already, surprising as it may seem. Mid
quarter exes have reminded some of this swift passage of time. Let's be
cheerful about it; if studies have been kept up, the half-way-through
marker on the calendar is no cause for worry; if they haven't there's
still time.
This quarter is half through already, surprising as it may seem. Mid
quarter exes have reminded some of this swift passage of time. Let's be
cheerful about it; if studies have been kept up, the half-way-through
marker on the calendar is no cause for worry; if they haven't there's
still time.
This quarter is half through already, surprising as it may seem. Mid
quarter exes have reminded some of this swift passage of time. Let's be
cheerful about it; if studies have been kept up, the half-way-through
marker on the calendar is no cause for worry; if they haven't there's
still time.
This quarter is half through already, surprising as it may seem. Mid
quarter exes have reminded some of this swift passage of time. Let's be
cheerful about it; if studies have been kept up, the half-way-through
marker on the calendar is no cause for worry; if they haven't there's
still time.
This quarter is half through already, surprising as it may seem. Mid
quarter exes have reminded some of this swift passage of time. Let's be
cheerful about it; if studies have been kept up, the half-way-through
marker on the calendar is no cause for worry; if they haven't there's
still time.
This quarter is half through already, surprising as it may seem. Mid
quarter exes have reminded some of this swift passage of time. Let's be
cheerful about it; if studies have been kept up, the half-way-through
marker on the calendar is no cause for worry; if they haven't there's
still time.
This quarter is half through already, surprising as it may seem. Mid
quarter exes have reminded some of this swift passage of time. Let's be
cheerful about it; if studies have been kept up, the half-way-through
marker on the calendar is no cause for worry; if they haven't there's
still time.
This quarter is half through already, surprising as it may seem. Mid
quarter exes have reminded some of this swift passage of time. Let's be
cheerful about it; if studies have been kept up, the half-way-through
marker on the calendar is no cause for worry; if they haven't there's
still time.
This quarter is half through already, surprising as it may seem. Mid
quarter exes have reminded some of this swift passage of time. Let's be
cheerful about it; if studies have been kept up, the half-way-through
marker on the calendar is no cause for worry; if they haven't there's
still time.
This quarter is half through already, surprising as it may seem. Mid
quarter exes have reminded some of this swift passage of time. Let's be
cheerful about it; if studies have been kept up, the half-way-through
marker on the calendar is no cause for worry; if they haven't there's
still time.
This quarter is half through already, surprising as it may seem. Mid
quarter exes have reminded some of this swift passage of time. Let's be
cheerful about it; if studies have been kept up, the half-way-through
marker on the calendar is no cause for worry; if they haven't there's
still time.
