# Gertrude Atherton Lecture Postponed
## 
### 
Indefinite postponement of the
Gertrude Atherton lecture scheduled
for Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse was announced last
night by Ruth Teiser, secretary of
English Club, sponsors of the pro
gram.
Those who have purchased tickets
may call 22095 between 5 and 6
o'clock any day this week for re
funds.

When the late Irving Thalberg was
vice-president of M.G.M. he was so
young that his mother had to sign
his contract.
Indefinite postponement of the
Gertrude Atherton lecture scheduled
for Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse was announced last
night by Ruth Teiser, secretary of
English Club, sponsors of the pro
gram.
Those who have purchased tickets
may call 22095 between 5 and 6
o'clock any day this week for re
funds.

When the late Irving Thalberg was
vice-president of M.G.M. he was so
young that his mother had to sign
his contract.
Indefinite postponement of the
Gertrude Atherton lecture scheduled
for Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse was announced last
night by Ruth Teiser, secretary of
English Club, sponsors of the pro
gram.
Those who have purchased tickets
may call 22095 between 5 and 6
o'clock any day this week for re
funds.

When the late Irving Thalberg was
vice-president of M.G.M. he was so
young that his mother had to sign
his contract.
Indefinite postponement of the
Gertrude Atherton lecture scheduled
for Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse was announced last
night by Ruth Teiser, secretary of
English Club, sponsors of the pro
gram.
Those who have purchased tickets
may call 22095 between 5 and 6
o'clock any day this week for re
funds.

When the late Irving Thalberg was
vice-president of M.G.M. he was so
young that his mother had to sign
his contract.
Indefinite postponement of the
Gertrude Atherton lecture scheduled
for Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse was announced last
night by Ruth Teiser, secretary of
English Club, sponsors of the pro
gram.
Those who have purchased tickets
may call 22095 between 5 and 6
o'clock any day this week for re
funds.

When the late Irving Thalberg was
vice-president of M.G.M. he was so
young that his mother had to sign
his contract.
Indefinite postponement of the
Gertrude Atherton lecture scheduled
for Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse was announced last
night by Ruth Teiser, secretary of
English Club, sponsors of the pro
gram.
Those who have purchased tickets
may call 22095 between 5 and 6
o'clock any day this week for re
funds.

When the late Irving Thalberg was
vice-president of M.G.M. he was so
young that his mother had to sign
his contract.
Indefinite postponement of the
Gertrude Atherton lecture scheduled
for Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse was announced last
night by Ruth Teiser, secretary of
English Club, sponsors of the pro
gram.
Those who have purchased tickets
may call 22095 between 5 and 6
o'clock any day this week for re
funds.

When the late Irving Thalberg was
vice-president of M.G.M. he was so
young that his mother had to sign
his contract.
Indefinite postponement of the
Gertrude Atherton lecture scheduled
for Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse was announced last
night by Ruth Teiser, secretary of
English Club, sponsors of the pro
gram.
Those who have purchased tickets
may call 22095 between 5 and 6
o'clock any day this week for re
funds.

When the late Irving Thalberg was
vice-president of M.G.M. he was so
young that his mother had to sign
his contract.
Indefinite postponement of the
Gertrude Atherton lecture scheduled
for Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse was announced last
night by Ruth Teiser, secretary of
English Club, sponsors of the pro
gram.
Those who have purchased tickets
may call 22095 between 5 and 6
o'clock any day this week for re
funds.

When the late Irving Thalberg was
vice-president of M.G.M. he was so
young that his mother had to sign
his contract.
Indefinite postponement of the
Gertrude Atherton lecture scheduled
for Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse was announced last
night by Ruth Teiser, secretary of
English Club, sponsors of the pro
gram.
Those who have purchased tickets
may call 22095 between 5 and 6
o'clock any day this week for re
funds.

When the late Irving Thalberg was
vice-president of M.G.M. he was so
young that his mother had to sign
his contract.
Indefinite postponement of the
Gertrude Atherton lecture scheduled
for Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse was announced last
night by Ruth Teiser, secretary of
English Club, sponsors of the pro
gram.
Those who have purchased tickets
may call 22095 between 5 and 6
o'clock any day this week for re
funds.

When the late Irving Thalberg was
vice-president of M.G.M. he was so
young that his mother had to sign
his contract.
Indefinite postponement of the
Gertrude Atherton lecture scheduled
for Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse was announced last
night by Ruth Teiser, secretary of
English Club, sponsors of the pro
gram.
Those who have purchased tickets
may call 22095 between 5 and 6
o'clock any day this week for re
funds.

When the late Irving Thalberg was
vice-president of M.G.M. he was so
young that his mother had to sign
his contract.
Indefinite postponement of the
Gertrude Atherton lecture scheduled
for Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse was announced last
night by Ruth Teiser, secretary of
English Club, sponsors of the pro
gram.
Those who have purchased tickets
may call 22095 between 5 and 6
o'clock any day this week for re
funds.

When the late Irving Thalberg was
vice-president of M.G.M. he was so
young that his mother had to sign
his contract.
Indefinite postponement of the
Gertrude Atherton lecture scheduled
for Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse was announced last
night by Ruth Teiser, secretary of
English Club, sponsors of the pro
gram.
Those who have purchased tickets
may call 22095 between 5 and 6
o'clock any day this week for re
funds.

When the late Irving Thalberg was
vice-president of M.G.M. he was so
young that his mother had to sign
his contract.
Indefinite postponement of the
Gertrude Atherton lecture scheduled
for Wednesday evening in the Wom
en's Clubhouse was announced last
night by Ruth Teiser, secretary of
English Club, sponsors of the pro
gram.
Those who have purchased tickets
may call 22095 between 5 and 6
o'clock any day this week for re
funds.

When the late Irving Thalberg was
vice-president of M.G.M. he was so
young that his mother had to sign
his contract.
