# "Redskin" on Air
## 
### 
"Redskin," a composition by
Benjamin Ralph Keating, is go
tfng on the air again. Already
played over NBC's pre-Big
Game rally, at the Big Game it
self, and over a national hook
up of the Washington game,
"Redskin" will be played this
morning at 11 o'clock by the
United States Navy Band dur
ing the Hour of Memories
broadcast.
"Redskin," a composition by
Benjamin Ralph Keating, is go
tfng on the air again. Already
played over NBC's pre-Big
Game rally, at the Big Game it
self, and over a national hook
up of the Washington game,
"Redskin" will be played this
morning at 11 o'clock by the
United States Navy Band dur
ing the Hour of Memories
broadcast.
"Redskin," a composition by
Benjamin Ralph Keating, is go
tfng on the air again. Already
played over NBC's pre-Big
Game rally, at the Big Game it
self, and over a national hook
up of the Washington game,
"Redskin" will be played this
morning at 11 o'clock by the
United States Navy Band dur
ing the Hour of Memories
broadcast.
"Redskin," a composition by
Benjamin Ralph Keating, is go
tfng on the air again. Already
played over NBC's pre-Big
Game rally, at the Big Game it
self, and over a national hook
up of the Washington game,
"Redskin" will be played this
morning at 11 o'clock by the
United States Navy Band dur
ing the Hour of Memories
broadcast.
"Redskin," a composition by
Benjamin Ralph Keating, is go
tfng on the air again. Already
played over NBC's pre-Big
Game rally, at the Big Game it
self, and over a national hook
up of the Washington game,
"Redskin" will be played this
morning at 11 o'clock by the
United States Navy Band dur
ing the Hour of Memories
broadcast.
"Redskin," a composition by
Benjamin Ralph Keating, is go
tfng on the air again. Already
played over NBC's pre-Big
Game rally, at the Big Game it
self, and over a national hook
up of the Washington game,
"Redskin" will be played this
morning at 11 o'clock by the
United States Navy Band dur
ing the Hour of Memories
broadcast.
"Redskin," a composition by
Benjamin Ralph Keating, is go
tfng on the air again. Already
played over NBC's pre-Big
Game rally, at the Big Game it
self, and over a national hook
up of the Washington game,
"Redskin" will be played this
morning at 11 o'clock by the
United States Navy Band dur
ing the Hour of Memories
broadcast.
"Redskin," a composition by
Benjamin Ralph Keating, is go
tfng on the air again. Already
played over NBC's pre-Big
Game rally, at the Big Game it
self, and over a national hook
up of the Washington game,
"Redskin" will be played this
morning at 11 o'clock by the
United States Navy Band dur
ing the Hour of Memories
broadcast.
"Redskin," a composition by
Benjamin Ralph Keating, is go
tfng on the air again. Already
played over NBC's pre-Big
Game rally, at the Big Game it
self, and over a national hook
up of the Washington game,
"Redskin" will be played this
morning at 11 o'clock by the
United States Navy Band dur
ing the Hour of Memories
broadcast.
"Redskin," a composition by
Benjamin Ralph Keating, is go
tfng on the air again. Already
played over NBC's pre-Big
Game rally, at the Big Game it
self, and over a national hook
up of the Washington game,
"Redskin" will be played this
morning at 11 o'clock by the
United States Navy Band dur
ing the Hour of Memories
broadcast.
"Redskin," a composition by
Benjamin Ralph Keating, is go
tfng on the air again. Already
played over NBC's pre-Big
Game rally, at the Big Game it
self, and over a national hook
up of the Washington game,
"Redskin" will be played this
morning at 11 o'clock by the
United States Navy Band dur
ing the Hour of Memories
broadcast.
"Redskin," a composition by
Benjamin Ralph Keating, is go
tfng on the air again. Already
played over NBC's pre-Big
Game rally, at the Big Game it
self, and over a national hook
up of the Washington game,
"Redskin" will be played this
morning at 11 o'clock by the
United States Navy Band dur
ing the Hour of Memories
broadcast.
"Redskin," a composition by
Benjamin Ralph Keating, is go
tfng on the air again. Already
played over NBC's pre-Big
Game rally, at the Big Game it
self, and over a national hook
up of the Washington game,
"Redskin" will be played this
morning at 11 o'clock by the
United States Navy Band dur
ing the Hour of Memories
broadcast.
"Redskin," a composition by
Benjamin Ralph Keating, is go
tfng on the air again. Already
played over NBC's pre-Big
Game rally, at the Big Game it
self, and over a national hook
up of the Washington game,
"Redskin" will be played this
morning at 11 o'clock by the
United States Navy Band dur
ing the Hour of Memories
broadcast.
"Redskin," a composition by
Benjamin Ralph Keating, is go
tfng on the air again. Already
played over NBC's pre-Big
Game rally, at the Big Game it
self, and over a national hook
up of the Washington game,
"Redskin" will be played this
morning at 11 o'clock by the
United States Navy Band dur
ing the Hour of Memories
broadcast.
