# INSIDE
## 
### 
Boys of Summer
Five Stanford baseball
players are chosen in the
amateur draft.
See Sports, page 9

Summertime Blues
Some students aren't at all
sad to be spending sunny
months in research labs.
See Science, page 7

Summer of *69
Not really — but Joel Stein
reviews fall, winter and
spring of 1990-91.
See Intermission, section 2

Boys of Summer
Five Stanford baseball
players are chosen in the
amateur draft.
See Sports, page 9

Summertime Blues
Some students aren't at all
sad to be spending sunny
months in research labs.
See Science, page 7

Summer of *69
Not really — but Joel Stein
reviews fall, winter and
spring of 1990-91.
See Intermission, section 2

Boys of Summer
Five Stanford baseball
players are chosen in the
amateur draft.
See Sports, page 9

Summertime Blues
Some students aren't at all
sad to be spending sunny
months in research labs.
See Science, page 7

Summer of *69
Not really — but Joel Stein
reviews fall, winter and
spring of 1990-91.
See Intermission, section 2

Boys of Summer
Five Stanford baseball
players are chosen in the
amateur draft.
See Sports, page 9

Summertime Blues
Some students aren't at all
sad to be spending sunny
months in research labs.
See Science, page 7

Summer of *69
Not really — but Joel Stein
reviews fall, winter and
spring of 1990-91.
See Intermission, section 2

Boys of Summer
Five Stanford baseball
players are chosen in the
amateur draft.
See Sports, page 9

Summertime Blues
Some students aren't at all
sad to be spending sunny
months in research labs.
See Science, page 7

Summer of *69
Not really — but Joel Stein
reviews fall, winter and
spring of 1990-91.
See Intermission, section 2

Boys of Summer
Five Stanford baseball
players are chosen in the
amateur draft.
See Sports, page 9

Summertime Blues
Some students aren't at all
sad to be spending sunny
months in research labs.
See Science, page 7

Summer of *69
Not really — but Joel Stein
reviews fall, winter and
spring of 1990-91.
See Intermission, section 2

Boys of Summer
Five Stanford baseball
players are chosen in the
amateur draft.
See Sports, page 9

Summertime Blues
Some students aren't at all
sad to be spending sunny
months in research labs.
See Science, page 7

Summer of *69
Not really — but Joel Stein
reviews fall, winter and
spring of 1990-91.
See Intermission, section 2

