# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
Look to
P-T
for
Natural
Shoulder
SUITS
> SI
i&i
MELwr
As California's
original University
shops, it's natural
for P-T to present
this traditional mo
del at its best.
You'll like the natu
ral shoulders, narrow
lapels, lapped seams,
hooked vent, and
slim, unpleated
trousers that are so
characteristic. In all
the desired fabrics.
by University Club
65.
by H. Freeman & Sons
85. up
A-f"i
kernel
I
Look to
P-T
for
Natural
Shoulder
SUITS
> SI
i&i
MELwr
As California's
original University
shops, it's natural
for P-T to present
this traditional mo
del at its best.
You'll like the natu
ral shoulders, narrow
lapels, lapped seams,
hooked vent, and
slim, unpleated
trousers that are so
characteristic. In all
the desired fabrics.
by University Club
65.
by H. Freeman & Sons
85. up
A-f"i
kernel
I
Look to
P-T
for
Natural
Shoulder
SUITS
> SI
i&i
MELwr
As California's
original University
shops, it's natural
for P-T to present
this traditional mo
del at its best.
You'll like the natu
ral shoulders, narrow
lapels, lapped seams,
hooked vent, and
slim, unpleated
trousers that are so
characteristic. In all
the desired fabrics.
by University Club
65.
by H. Freeman & Sons
85. up
A-f"i
kernel
I
Look to
P-T
for
Natural
Shoulder
SUITS
> SI
i&i
MELwr
As California's
original University
shops, it's natural
for P-T to present
this traditional mo
del at its best.
You'll like the natu
ral shoulders, narrow
lapels, lapped seams,
hooked vent, and
slim, unpleated
trousers that are so
characteristic. In all
the desired fabrics.
by University Club
65.
by H. Freeman & Sons
85. up
A-f"i
kernel
I
Look to
P-T
for
Natural
Shoulder
SUITS
> SI
i&i
MELwr
As California's
original University
shops, it's natural
for P-T to present
this traditional mo
del at its best.
You'll like the natu
ral shoulders, narrow
lapels, lapped seams,
hooked vent, and
slim, unpleated
trousers that are so
characteristic. In all
the desired fabrics.
by University Club
65.
by H. Freeman & Sons
85. up
A-f"i
kernel
I
Look to
P-T
for
Natural
Shoulder
SUITS
> SI
i&i
MELwr
As California's
original University
shops, it's natural
for P-T to present
this traditional mo
del at its best.
You'll like the natu
ral shoulders, narrow
lapels, lapped seams,
hooked vent, and
slim, unpleated
trousers that are so
characteristic. In all
the desired fabrics.
by University Club
65.
by H. Freeman & Sons
85. up
A-f"i
kernel
I
Look to
P-T
for
Natural
Shoulder
SUITS
> SI
i&i
MELwr
As California's
original University
shops, it's natural
for P-T to present
this traditional mo
del at its best.
You'll like the natu
ral shoulders, narrow
lapels, lapped seams,
hooked vent, and
slim, unpleated
trousers that are so
characteristic. In all
the desired fabrics.
by University Club
65.
by H. Freeman & Sons
85. up
A-f"i
kernel
I
Look to
P-T
for
Natural
Shoulder
SUITS
> SI
i&i
MELwr
As California's
original University
shops, it's natural
for P-T to present
this traditional mo
del at its best.
You'll like the natu
ral shoulders, narrow
lapels, lapped seams,
hooked vent, and
slim, unpleated
trousers that are so
characteristic. In all
the desired fabrics.
by University Club
65.
by H. Freeman & Sons
85. up
A-f"i
kernel
I
Look to
P-T
for
Natural
Shoulder
SUITS
> SI
i&i
MELwr
As California's
original University
shops, it's natural
for P-T to present
this traditional mo
del at its best.
You'll like the natu
ral shoulders, narrow
lapels, lapped seams,
hooked vent, and
slim, unpleated
trousers that are so
characteristic. In all
the desired fabrics.
by University Club
65.
by H. Freeman & Sons
85. up
A-f"i
kernel
I
Look to
P-T
for
Natural
Shoulder
SUITS
> SI
i&i
MELwr
As California's
original University
shops, it's natural
for P-T to present
this traditional mo
del at its best.
You'll like the natu
ral shoulders, narrow
lapels, lapped seams,
hooked vent, and
slim, unpleated
trousers that are so
characteristic. In all
the desired fabrics.
by University Club
65.
by H. Freeman & Sons
85. up
A-f"i
kernel
I
Look to
P-T
for
Natural
Shoulder
SUITS
> SI
i&i
MELwr
As California's
original University
shops, it's natural
for P-T to present
this traditional mo
del at its best.
You'll like the natu
ral shoulders, narrow
lapels, lapped seams,
hooked vent, and
slim, unpleated
trousers that are so
characteristic. In all
the desired fabrics.
by University Club
65.
by H. Freeman & Sons
85. up
A-f"i
kernel
I
Look to
P-T
for
Natural
Shoulder
SUITS
> SI
i&i
MELwr
As California's
original University
shops, it's natural
for P-T to present
this traditional mo
del at its best.
You'll like the natu
ral shoulders, narrow
lapels, lapped seams,
hooked vent, and
slim, unpleated
trousers that are so
characteristic. In all
the desired fabrics.
by University Club
65.
by H. Freeman & Sons
85. up
A-f"i
kernel
I
Look to
P-T
for
Natural
Shoulder
SUITS
> SI
i&i
MELwr
As California's
original University
shops, it's natural
for P-T to present
this traditional mo
del at its best.
You'll like the natu
ral shoulders, narrow
lapels, lapped seams,
hooked vent, and
slim, unpleated
trousers that are so
characteristic. In all
the desired fabrics.
by University Club
65.
by H. Freeman & Sons
85. up
A-f"i
kernel
I
Look to
P-T
for
Natural
Shoulder
SUITS
> SI
i&i
MELwr
As California's
original University
shops, it's natural
for P-T to present
this traditional mo
del at its best.
You'll like the natu
ral shoulders, narrow
lapels, lapped seams,
hooked vent, and
slim, unpleated
trousers that are so
characteristic. In all
the desired fabrics.
by University Club
65.
by H. Freeman & Sons
85. up
A-f"i
kernel
I
Look to
P-T
for
Natural
Shoulder
SUITS
> SI
i&i
MELwr
As California's
original University
shops, it's natural
for P-T to present
this traditional mo
del at its best.
You'll like the natu
ral shoulders, narrow
lapels, lapped seams,
hooked vent, and
slim, unpleated
trousers that are so
characteristic. In all
the desired fabrics.
by University Club
65.
by H. Freeman & Sons
85. up
A-f"i
kernel
I
