# Adv. 9 Page 2
## 
### 
I JIFFY
| BURGER
"ll'here tjood food is yours
in less than a minute."
ITACO 29c
TUNA ON A BUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri and Scit.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK |
I JIFFY
| BURGER
"ll'here tjood food is yours
in less than a minute."
ITACO 29c
TUNA ON A BUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri and Scit.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK |
I JIFFY
| BURGER
"ll'here tjood food is yours
in less than a minute."
ITACO 29c
TUNA ON A BUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri and Scit.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK |
I JIFFY
| BURGER
"ll'here tjood food is yours
in less than a minute."
ITACO 29c
TUNA ON A BUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri and Scit.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK |
I JIFFY
| BURGER
"ll'here tjood food is yours
in less than a minute."
ITACO 29c
TUNA ON A BUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri and Scit.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK |
I JIFFY
| BURGER
"ll'here tjood food is yours
in less than a minute."
ITACO 29c
TUNA ON A BUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri and Scit.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK |
I JIFFY
| BURGER
"ll'here tjood food is yours
in less than a minute."
ITACO 29c
TUNA ON A BUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri and Scit.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK |
I JIFFY
| BURGER
"ll'here tjood food is yours
in less than a minute."
ITACO 29c
TUNA ON A BUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri and Scit.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK |
I JIFFY
| BURGER
"ll'here tjood food is yours
in less than a minute."
ITACO 29c
TUNA ON A BUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri and Scit.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK |
I JIFFY
| BURGER
"ll'here tjood food is yours
in less than a minute."
ITACO 29c
TUNA ON A BUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri and Scit.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK |
I JIFFY
| BURGER
"ll'here tjood food is yours
in less than a minute."
ITACO 29c
TUNA ON A BUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri and Scit.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK |
I JIFFY
| BURGER
"ll'here tjood food is yours
in less than a minute."
ITACO 29c
TUNA ON A BUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri and Scit.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK |
I JIFFY
| BURGER
"ll'here tjood food is yours
in less than a minute."
ITACO 29c
TUNA ON A BUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri and Scit.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK |
I JIFFY
| BURGER
"ll'here tjood food is yours
in less than a minute."
ITACO 29c
TUNA ON A BUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri and Scit.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK |
I JIFFY
| BURGER
"ll'here tjood food is yours
in less than a minute."
ITACO 29c
TUNA ON A BUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri and Scit.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK |
