# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
ACCION
Community
Development
in Latin America
Needs
Young Men and Women
with
Imagination, Initiative,
and
Leadership abilities
Western Regional Director
will be on campus
APRIL 12-15
Bolivar House X 4444
ACCION
Community
Development
in Latin America
Needs
Young Men and Women
with
Imagination, Initiative,
and
Leadership abilities
Western Regional Director
will be on campus
APRIL 12-15
Bolivar House X 4444
ACCION
Community
Development
in Latin America
Needs
Young Men and Women
with
Imagination, Initiative,
and
Leadership abilities
Western Regional Director
will be on campus
APRIL 12-15
Bolivar House X 4444
ACCION
Community
Development
in Latin America
Needs
Young Men and Women
with
Imagination, Initiative,
and
Leadership abilities
Western Regional Director
will be on campus
APRIL 12-15
Bolivar House X 4444
ACCION
Community
Development
in Latin America
Needs
Young Men and Women
with
Imagination, Initiative,
and
Leadership abilities
Western Regional Director
will be on campus
APRIL 12-15
Bolivar House X 4444
ACCION
Community
Development
in Latin America
Needs
Young Men and Women
with
Imagination, Initiative,
and
Leadership abilities
Western Regional Director
will be on campus
APRIL 12-15
Bolivar House X 4444
ACCION
Community
Development
in Latin America
Needs
Young Men and Women
with
Imagination, Initiative,
and
Leadership abilities
Western Regional Director
will be on campus
APRIL 12-15
Bolivar House X 4444
ACCION
Community
Development
in Latin America
Needs
Young Men and Women
with
Imagination, Initiative,
and
Leadership abilities
Western Regional Director
will be on campus
APRIL 12-15
Bolivar House X 4444
ACCION
Community
Development
in Latin America
Needs
Young Men and Women
with
Imagination, Initiative,
and
Leadership abilities
Western Regional Director
will be on campus
APRIL 12-15
Bolivar House X 4444
ACCION
Community
Development
in Latin America
Needs
Young Men and Women
with
Imagination, Initiative,
and
Leadership abilities
Western Regional Director
will be on campus
APRIL 12-15
Bolivar House X 4444
ACCION
Community
Development
in Latin America
Needs
Young Men and Women
with
Imagination, Initiative,
and
Leadership abilities
Western Regional Director
will be on campus
APRIL 12-15
Bolivar House X 4444
ACCION
Community
Development
in Latin America
Needs
Young Men and Women
with
Imagination, Initiative,
and
Leadership abilities
Western Regional Director
will be on campus
APRIL 12-15
Bolivar House X 4444
ACCION
Community
Development
in Latin America
Needs
Young Men and Women
with
Imagination, Initiative,
and
Leadership abilities
Western Regional Director
will be on campus
APRIL 12-15
Bolivar House X 4444
ACCION
Community
Development
in Latin America
Needs
Young Men and Women
with
Imagination, Initiative,
and
Leadership abilities
Western Regional Director
will be on campus
APRIL 12-15
Bolivar House X 4444
ACCION
Community
Development
in Latin America
Needs
Young Men and Women
with
Imagination, Initiative,
and
Leadership abilities
Western Regional Director
will be on campus
APRIL 12-15
Bolivar House X 4444
