# WOMEN ALLOWED CURLS
## 
### 
Waves, curls, and ringlets will soon
make their appearance on the Ohio
Wesleyan University campus; as the
result of the recent lifting of the han
upon them since 1853. The Wesleyan
deans of women have held that, the
curling iron is a very dangerous wea
pon, not only capable of ruining sweet
girlish beauty, but also the campus
morale.
Waves, curls, and ringlets will soon
make their appearance on the Ohio
Wesleyan University campus; as the
result of the recent lifting of the han
upon them since 1853. The Wesleyan
deans of women have held that, the
curling iron is a very dangerous wea
pon, not only capable of ruining sweet
girlish beauty, but also the campus
morale.
Waves, curls, and ringlets will soon
make their appearance on the Ohio
Wesleyan University campus; as the
result of the recent lifting of the han
upon them since 1853. The Wesleyan
deans of women have held that, the
curling iron is a very dangerous wea
pon, not only capable of ruining sweet
girlish beauty, but also the campus
morale.
Waves, curls, and ringlets will soon
make their appearance on the Ohio
Wesleyan University campus; as the
result of the recent lifting of the han
upon them since 1853. The Wesleyan
deans of women have held that, the
curling iron is a very dangerous wea
pon, not only capable of ruining sweet
girlish beauty, but also the campus
morale.
Waves, curls, and ringlets will soon
make their appearance on the Ohio
Wesleyan University campus; as the
result of the recent lifting of the han
upon them since 1853. The Wesleyan
deans of women have held that, the
curling iron is a very dangerous wea
pon, not only capable of ruining sweet
girlish beauty, but also the campus
morale.
Waves, curls, and ringlets will soon
make their appearance on the Ohio
Wesleyan University campus; as the
result of the recent lifting of the han
upon them since 1853. The Wesleyan
deans of women have held that, the
curling iron is a very dangerous wea
pon, not only capable of ruining sweet
girlish beauty, but also the campus
morale.
Waves, curls, and ringlets will soon
make their appearance on the Ohio
Wesleyan University campus; as the
result of the recent lifting of the han
upon them since 1853. The Wesleyan
deans of women have held that, the
curling iron is a very dangerous wea
pon, not only capable of ruining sweet
girlish beauty, but also the campus
morale.
Waves, curls, and ringlets will soon
make their appearance on the Ohio
Wesleyan University campus; as the
result of the recent lifting of the han
upon them since 1853. The Wesleyan
deans of women have held that, the
curling iron is a very dangerous wea
pon, not only capable of ruining sweet
girlish beauty, but also the campus
morale.
Waves, curls, and ringlets will soon
make their appearance on the Ohio
Wesleyan University campus; as the
result of the recent lifting of the han
upon them since 1853. The Wesleyan
deans of women have held that, the
curling iron is a very dangerous wea
pon, not only capable of ruining sweet
girlish beauty, but also the campus
morale.
Waves, curls, and ringlets will soon
make their appearance on the Ohio
Wesleyan University campus; as the
result of the recent lifting of the han
upon them since 1853. The Wesleyan
deans of women have held that, the
curling iron is a very dangerous wea
pon, not only capable of ruining sweet
girlish beauty, but also the campus
morale.
Waves, curls, and ringlets will soon
make their appearance on the Ohio
Wesleyan University campus; as the
result of the recent lifting of the han
upon them since 1853. The Wesleyan
deans of women have held that, the
curling iron is a very dangerous wea
pon, not only capable of ruining sweet
girlish beauty, but also the campus
morale.
Waves, curls, and ringlets will soon
make their appearance on the Ohio
Wesleyan University campus; as the
result of the recent lifting of the han
upon them since 1853. The Wesleyan
deans of women have held that, the
curling iron is a very dangerous wea
pon, not only capable of ruining sweet
girlish beauty, but also the campus
morale.
Waves, curls, and ringlets will soon
make their appearance on the Ohio
Wesleyan University campus; as the
result of the recent lifting of the han
upon them since 1853. The Wesleyan
deans of women have held that, the
curling iron is a very dangerous wea
pon, not only capable of ruining sweet
girlish beauty, but also the campus
morale.
Waves, curls, and ringlets will soon
make their appearance on the Ohio
Wesleyan University campus; as the
result of the recent lifting of the han
upon them since 1853. The Wesleyan
deans of women have held that, the
curling iron is a very dangerous wea
pon, not only capable of ruining sweet
girlish beauty, but also the campus
morale.
Waves, curls, and ringlets will soon
make their appearance on the Ohio
Wesleyan University campus; as the
result of the recent lifting of the han
upon them since 1853. The Wesleyan
deans of women have held that, the
curling iron is a very dangerous wea
pon, not only capable of ruining sweet
girlish beauty, but also the campus
morale.
