# PI SIGMA ALPHA
## 
### 
Professor Graham H. Stuart will
address Pi Sigma Alpha tomorrow
evening on "The Foreign Policy of
the Roosevelt Administration." The
political scientists will hold their
regular bi-weokly meeting at 7:301
o'clock in the basement of the
Women's Clubhouse. An important
business meeting will follow the dis
cussion.
Professor Graham H. Stuart will
address Pi Sigma Alpha tomorrow
evening on "The Foreign Policy of
the Roosevelt Administration." The
political scientists will hold their
regular bi-weokly meeting at 7:301
o'clock in the basement of the
Women's Clubhouse. An important
business meeting will follow the dis
cussion.
Professor Graham H. Stuart will
address Pi Sigma Alpha tomorrow
evening on "The Foreign Policy of
the Roosevelt Administration." The
political scientists will hold their
regular bi-weokly meeting at 7:301
o'clock in the basement of the
Women's Clubhouse. An important
business meeting will follow the dis
cussion.
Professor Graham H. Stuart will
address Pi Sigma Alpha tomorrow
evening on "The Foreign Policy of
the Roosevelt Administration." The
political scientists will hold their
regular bi-weokly meeting at 7:301
o'clock in the basement of the
Women's Clubhouse. An important
business meeting will follow the dis
cussion.
Professor Graham H. Stuart will
address Pi Sigma Alpha tomorrow
evening on "The Foreign Policy of
the Roosevelt Administration." The
political scientists will hold their
regular bi-weokly meeting at 7:301
o'clock in the basement of the
Women's Clubhouse. An important
business meeting will follow the dis
cussion.
Professor Graham H. Stuart will
address Pi Sigma Alpha tomorrow
evening on "The Foreign Policy of
the Roosevelt Administration." The
political scientists will hold their
regular bi-weokly meeting at 7:301
o'clock in the basement of the
Women's Clubhouse. An important
business meeting will follow the dis
cussion.
Professor Graham H. Stuart will
address Pi Sigma Alpha tomorrow
evening on "The Foreign Policy of
the Roosevelt Administration." The
political scientists will hold their
regular bi-weokly meeting at 7:301
o'clock in the basement of the
Women's Clubhouse. An important
business meeting will follow the dis
cussion.
Professor Graham H. Stuart will
address Pi Sigma Alpha tomorrow
evening on "The Foreign Policy of
the Roosevelt Administration." The
political scientists will hold their
regular bi-weokly meeting at 7:301
o'clock in the basement of the
Women's Clubhouse. An important
business meeting will follow the dis
cussion.
Professor Graham H. Stuart will
address Pi Sigma Alpha tomorrow
evening on "The Foreign Policy of
the Roosevelt Administration." The
political scientists will hold their
regular bi-weokly meeting at 7:301
o'clock in the basement of the
Women's Clubhouse. An important
business meeting will follow the dis
cussion.
Professor Graham H. Stuart will
address Pi Sigma Alpha tomorrow
evening on "The Foreign Policy of
the Roosevelt Administration." The
political scientists will hold their
regular bi-weokly meeting at 7:301
o'clock in the basement of the
Women's Clubhouse. An important
business meeting will follow the dis
cussion.
Professor Graham H. Stuart will
address Pi Sigma Alpha tomorrow
evening on "The Foreign Policy of
the Roosevelt Administration." The
political scientists will hold their
regular bi-weokly meeting at 7:301
o'clock in the basement of the
Women's Clubhouse. An important
business meeting will follow the dis
cussion.
Professor Graham H. Stuart will
address Pi Sigma Alpha tomorrow
evening on "The Foreign Policy of
the Roosevelt Administration." The
political scientists will hold their
regular bi-weokly meeting at 7:301
o'clock in the basement of the
Women's Clubhouse. An important
business meeting will follow the dis
cussion.
Professor Graham H. Stuart will
address Pi Sigma Alpha tomorrow
evening on "The Foreign Policy of
the Roosevelt Administration." The
political scientists will hold their
regular bi-weokly meeting at 7:301
o'clock in the basement of the
Women's Clubhouse. An important
business meeting will follow the dis
cussion.
Professor Graham H. Stuart will
address Pi Sigma Alpha tomorrow
evening on "The Foreign Policy of
the Roosevelt Administration." The
political scientists will hold their
regular bi-weokly meeting at 7:301
o'clock in the basement of the
Women's Clubhouse. An important
business meeting will follow the dis
cussion.
Professor Graham H. Stuart will
address Pi Sigma Alpha tomorrow
evening on "The Foreign Policy of
the Roosevelt Administration." The
political scientists will hold their
regular bi-weokly meeting at 7:301
o'clock in the basement of the
Women's Clubhouse. An important
business meeting will follow the dis
cussion.
