# Oklahoma Seniors Give Bronze Relief Memorial
## 
### 
The 1934 Senior Memorial of Ok
lahoma University will be a bronze
bar relief depicting a Sooner cov
ered wagon.
Work on the memorial will start
immediately. In relief will be a cov
ered wagon driven by a four-horse
team with a horse and rider and an
Oklahoma landscape in the back
ground. A woman and child arc
seated in the wagon while a small
colt and calf and some Oklahoma
herbage are to be shown in the fore
ground.
The 1934 Senior Memorial of Ok
lahoma University will be a bronze
bar relief depicting a Sooner cov
ered wagon.
Work on the memorial will start
immediately. In relief will be a cov
ered wagon driven by a four-horse
team with a horse and rider and an
Oklahoma landscape in the back
ground. A woman and child arc
seated in the wagon while a small
colt and calf and some Oklahoma
herbage are to be shown in the fore
ground.
The 1934 Senior Memorial of Ok
lahoma University will be a bronze
bar relief depicting a Sooner cov
ered wagon.
Work on the memorial will start
immediately. In relief will be a cov
ered wagon driven by a four-horse
team with a horse and rider and an
Oklahoma landscape in the back
ground. A woman and child arc
seated in the wagon while a small
colt and calf and some Oklahoma
herbage are to be shown in the fore
ground.
The 1934 Senior Memorial of Ok
lahoma University will be a bronze
bar relief depicting a Sooner cov
ered wagon.
Work on the memorial will start
immediately. In relief will be a cov
ered wagon driven by a four-horse
team with a horse and rider and an
Oklahoma landscape in the back
ground. A woman and child arc
seated in the wagon while a small
colt and calf and some Oklahoma
herbage are to be shown in the fore
ground.
The 1934 Senior Memorial of Ok
lahoma University will be a bronze
bar relief depicting a Sooner cov
ered wagon.
Work on the memorial will start
immediately. In relief will be a cov
ered wagon driven by a four-horse
team with a horse and rider and an
Oklahoma landscape in the back
ground. A woman and child arc
seated in the wagon while a small
colt and calf and some Oklahoma
herbage are to be shown in the fore
ground.
The 1934 Senior Memorial of Ok
lahoma University will be a bronze
bar relief depicting a Sooner cov
ered wagon.
Work on the memorial will start
immediately. In relief will be a cov
ered wagon driven by a four-horse
team with a horse and rider and an
Oklahoma landscape in the back
ground. A woman and child arc
seated in the wagon while a small
colt and calf and some Oklahoma
herbage are to be shown in the fore
ground.
The 1934 Senior Memorial of Ok
lahoma University will be a bronze
bar relief depicting a Sooner cov
ered wagon.
Work on the memorial will start
immediately. In relief will be a cov
ered wagon driven by a four-horse
team with a horse and rider and an
Oklahoma landscape in the back
ground. A woman and child arc
seated in the wagon while a small
colt and calf and some Oklahoma
herbage are to be shown in the fore
ground.
The 1934 Senior Memorial of Ok
lahoma University will be a bronze
bar relief depicting a Sooner cov
ered wagon.
Work on the memorial will start
immediately. In relief will be a cov
ered wagon driven by a four-horse
team with a horse and rider and an
Oklahoma landscape in the back
ground. A woman and child arc
seated in the wagon while a small
colt and calf and some Oklahoma
herbage are to be shown in the fore
ground.
The 1934 Senior Memorial of Ok
lahoma University will be a bronze
bar relief depicting a Sooner cov
ered wagon.
Work on the memorial will start
immediately. In relief will be a cov
ered wagon driven by a four-horse
team with a horse and rider and an
Oklahoma landscape in the back
ground. A woman and child arc
seated in the wagon while a small
colt and calf and some Oklahoma
herbage are to be shown in the fore
ground.
The 1934 Senior Memorial of Ok
lahoma University will be a bronze
bar relief depicting a Sooner cov
ered wagon.
Work on the memorial will start
immediately. In relief will be a cov
ered wagon driven by a four-horse
team with a horse and rider and an
Oklahoma landscape in the back
ground. A woman and child arc
seated in the wagon while a small
colt and calf and some Oklahoma
herbage are to be shown in the fore
ground.
The 1934 Senior Memorial of Ok
lahoma University will be a bronze
bar relief depicting a Sooner cov
ered wagon.
Work on the memorial will start
immediately. In relief will be a cov
ered wagon driven by a four-horse
team with a horse and rider and an
Oklahoma landscape in the back
ground. A woman and child arc
seated in the wagon while a small
colt and calf and some Oklahoma
herbage are to be shown in the fore
ground.
The 1934 Senior Memorial of Ok
lahoma University will be a bronze
bar relief depicting a Sooner cov
ered wagon.
Work on the memorial will start
immediately. In relief will be a cov
ered wagon driven by a four-horse
team with a horse and rider and an
Oklahoma landscape in the back
ground. A woman and child arc
seated in the wagon while a small
colt and calf and some Oklahoma
herbage are to be shown in the fore
ground.
The 1934 Senior Memorial of Ok
lahoma University will be a bronze
bar relief depicting a Sooner cov
ered wagon.
Work on the memorial will start
immediately. In relief will be a cov
ered wagon driven by a four-horse
team with a horse and rider and an
Oklahoma landscape in the back
ground. A woman and child arc
seated in the wagon while a small
colt and calf and some Oklahoma
herbage are to be shown in the fore
ground.
The 1934 Senior Memorial of Ok
lahoma University will be a bronze
bar relief depicting a Sooner cov
ered wagon.
Work on the memorial will start
immediately. In relief will be a cov
ered wagon driven by a four-horse
team with a horse and rider and an
Oklahoma landscape in the back
ground. A woman and child arc
seated in the wagon while a small
colt and calf and some Oklahoma
herbage are to be shown in the fore
ground.
The 1934 Senior Memorial of Ok
lahoma University will be a bronze
bar relief depicting a Sooner cov
ered wagon.
Work on the memorial will start
immediately. In relief will be a cov
ered wagon driven by a four-horse
team with a horse and rider and an
Oklahoma landscape in the back
ground. A woman and child arc
seated in the wagon while a small
colt and calf and some Oklahoma
herbage are to be shown in the fore
ground.
