# Adv. 13 Page 4
## 
### 
Remington
Portable
Typewriter
HAS every feature
common to the
larger machines — all
compacted in a case
only four inches high.
Price, vith case, $60.
All makes of machines for
rent
FRED H. SMITH
On the Circle Phone 1096
Remington
Portable
Typewriter
HAS every feature
common to the
larger machines — all
compacted in a case
only four inches high.
Price, vith case, $60.
All makes of machines for
rent
FRED H. SMITH
On the Circle Phone 1096
Remington
Portable
Typewriter
HAS every feature
common to the
larger machines — all
compacted in a case
only four inches high.
Price, vith case, $60.
All makes of machines for
rent
FRED H. SMITH
On the Circle Phone 1096
Remington
Portable
Typewriter
HAS every feature
common to the
larger machines — all
compacted in a case
only four inches high.
Price, vith case, $60.
All makes of machines for
rent
FRED H. SMITH
On the Circle Phone 1096
Remington
Portable
Typewriter
HAS every feature
common to the
larger machines — all
compacted in a case
only four inches high.
Price, vith case, $60.
All makes of machines for
rent
FRED H. SMITH
On the Circle Phone 1096
Remington
Portable
Typewriter
HAS every feature
common to the
larger machines — all
compacted in a case
only four inches high.
Price, vith case, $60.
All makes of machines for
rent
FRED H. SMITH
On the Circle Phone 1096
Remington
Portable
Typewriter
HAS every feature
common to the
larger machines — all
compacted in a case
only four inches high.
Price, vith case, $60.
All makes of machines for
rent
FRED H. SMITH
On the Circle Phone 1096
Remington
Portable
Typewriter
HAS every feature
common to the
larger machines — all
compacted in a case
only four inches high.
Price, vith case, $60.
All makes of machines for
rent
FRED H. SMITH
On the Circle Phone 1096
Remington
Portable
Typewriter
HAS every feature
common to the
larger machines — all
compacted in a case
only four inches high.
Price, vith case, $60.
All makes of machines for
rent
FRED H. SMITH
On the Circle Phone 1096
Remington
Portable
Typewriter
HAS every feature
common to the
larger machines — all
compacted in a case
only four inches high.
Price, vith case, $60.
All makes of machines for
rent
FRED H. SMITH
On the Circle Phone 1096
Remington
Portable
Typewriter
HAS every feature
common to the
larger machines — all
compacted in a case
only four inches high.
Price, vith case, $60.
All makes of machines for
rent
FRED H. SMITH
On the Circle Phone 1096
Remington
Portable
Typewriter
HAS every feature
common to the
larger machines — all
compacted in a case
only four inches high.
Price, vith case, $60.
All makes of machines for
rent
FRED H. SMITH
On the Circle Phone 1096
Remington
Portable
Typewriter
HAS every feature
common to the
larger machines — all
compacted in a case
only four inches high.
Price, vith case, $60.
All makes of machines for
rent
FRED H. SMITH
On the Circle Phone 1096
Remington
Portable
Typewriter
HAS every feature
common to the
larger machines — all
compacted in a case
only four inches high.
Price, vith case, $60.
All makes of machines for
rent
FRED H. SMITH
On the Circle Phone 1096
