# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will be at
home informally to all the mem
bers of the summer quarter, at
the President's House, Saturday
evening, June 24, at 8 o'clock.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will be at
home informally to all the mem
bers of the summer quarter, at
the President's House, Saturday
evening, June 24, at 8 o'clock.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will be at
home informally to all the mem
bers of the summer quarter, at
the President's House, Saturday
evening, June 24, at 8 o'clock.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will be at
home informally to all the mem
bers of the summer quarter, at
the President's House, Saturday
evening, June 24, at 8 o'clock.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will be at
home informally to all the mem
bers of the summer quarter, at
the President's House, Saturday
evening, June 24, at 8 o'clock.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will be at
home informally to all the mem
bers of the summer quarter, at
the President's House, Saturday
evening, June 24, at 8 o'clock.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will be at
home informally to all the mem
bers of the summer quarter, at
the President's House, Saturday
evening, June 24, at 8 o'clock.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will be at
home informally to all the mem
bers of the summer quarter, at
the President's House, Saturday
evening, June 24, at 8 o'clock.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will be at
home informally to all the mem
bers of the summer quarter, at
the President's House, Saturday
evening, June 24, at 8 o'clock.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will be at
home informally to all the mem
bers of the summer quarter, at
the President's House, Saturday
evening, June 24, at 8 o'clock.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will be at
home informally to all the mem
bers of the summer quarter, at
the President's House, Saturday
evening, June 24, at 8 o'clock.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will be at
home informally to all the mem
bers of the summer quarter, at
the President's House, Saturday
evening, June 24, at 8 o'clock.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will be at
home informally to all the mem
bers of the summer quarter, at
the President's House, Saturday
evening, June 24, at 8 o'clock.
Dr. and Mrs. Wilbur will be at
home informally to all the mem
bers of the summer quarter, at
the President's House, Saturday
evening, June 24, at 8 o'clock.
