# Berg to Perform
## 
### 
Patty Berg, Women's National Am
ateur golf champion, 1938 through
1939, will give an exhibition today
from 2-4 at the West end of the
hockey field by the Women's Gym.
One of the top woman golfers in the
professional field, Miss Berg will
demonstrate both good and poor
shots.
Patty Berg, Women's National Am
ateur golf champion, 1938 through
1939, will give an exhibition today
from 2-4 at the West end of the
hockey field by the Women's Gym.
One of the top woman golfers in the
professional field, Miss Berg will
demonstrate both good and poor
shots.
Patty Berg, Women's National Am
ateur golf champion, 1938 through
1939, will give an exhibition today
from 2-4 at the West end of the
hockey field by the Women's Gym.
One of the top woman golfers in the
professional field, Miss Berg will
demonstrate both good and poor
shots.
Patty Berg, Women's National Am
ateur golf champion, 1938 through
1939, will give an exhibition today
from 2-4 at the West end of the
hockey field by the Women's Gym.
One of the top woman golfers in the
professional field, Miss Berg will
demonstrate both good and poor
shots.
Patty Berg, Women's National Am
ateur golf champion, 1938 through
1939, will give an exhibition today
from 2-4 at the West end of the
hockey field by the Women's Gym.
One of the top woman golfers in the
professional field, Miss Berg will
demonstrate both good and poor
shots.
Patty Berg, Women's National Am
ateur golf champion, 1938 through
1939, will give an exhibition today
from 2-4 at the West end of the
hockey field by the Women's Gym.
One of the top woman golfers in the
professional field, Miss Berg will
demonstrate both good and poor
shots.
Patty Berg, Women's National Am
ateur golf champion, 1938 through
1939, will give an exhibition today
from 2-4 at the West end of the
hockey field by the Women's Gym.
One of the top woman golfers in the
professional field, Miss Berg will
demonstrate both good and poor
shots.
Patty Berg, Women's National Am
ateur golf champion, 1938 through
1939, will give an exhibition today
from 2-4 at the West end of the
hockey field by the Women's Gym.
One of the top woman golfers in the
professional field, Miss Berg will
demonstrate both good and poor
shots.
Patty Berg, Women's National Am
ateur golf champion, 1938 through
1939, will give an exhibition today
from 2-4 at the West end of the
hockey field by the Women's Gym.
One of the top woman golfers in the
professional field, Miss Berg will
demonstrate both good and poor
shots.
Patty Berg, Women's National Am
ateur golf champion, 1938 through
1939, will give an exhibition today
from 2-4 at the West end of the
hockey field by the Women's Gym.
One of the top woman golfers in the
professional field, Miss Berg will
demonstrate both good and poor
shots.
Patty Berg, Women's National Am
ateur golf champion, 1938 through
1939, will give an exhibition today
from 2-4 at the West end of the
hockey field by the Women's Gym.
One of the top woman golfers in the
professional field, Miss Berg will
demonstrate both good and poor
shots.
Patty Berg, Women's National Am
ateur golf champion, 1938 through
1939, will give an exhibition today
from 2-4 at the West end of the
hockey field by the Women's Gym.
One of the top woman golfers in the
professional field, Miss Berg will
demonstrate both good and poor
shots.
Patty Berg, Women's National Am
ateur golf champion, 1938 through
1939, will give an exhibition today
from 2-4 at the West end of the
hockey field by the Women's Gym.
One of the top woman golfers in the
professional field, Miss Berg will
demonstrate both good and poor
shots.
Patty Berg, Women's National Am
ateur golf champion, 1938 through
1939, will give an exhibition today
from 2-4 at the West end of the
hockey field by the Women's Gym.
One of the top woman golfers in the
professional field, Miss Berg will
demonstrate both good and poor
shots.
Patty Berg, Women's National Am
ateur golf champion, 1938 through
1939, will give an exhibition today
from 2-4 at the West end of the
hockey field by the Women's Gym.
One of the top woman golfers in the
professional field, Miss Berg will
demonstrate both good and poor
shots.
