# Farm Dunces to Feature Islands, Pirate Themes
## Hula Girls, Explorers To Dance at Encina 
### 
Encina goes native this Saturday
night for its Trade Winds Dance in
the Encina "Sea Breeze Ballroom,"
announced chairman Dick Hughes
last night.
Freshmen disguised as beach
combers, headhunters, hula girls,
old salts, and intrepid explorers
will while away the evening danc
ing to the music of Howard Fred
ricks and his Melanesian Music
Manglers, he said.
Bids and tickets at $1.50 are now
available to Encina men from their
wing social chairmen.
Encina goes native this Saturday
night for its Trade Winds Dance in
the Encina "Sea Breeze Ballroom,"
announced chairman Dick Hughes
last night.
Freshmen disguised as beach
combers, headhunters, hula girls,
old salts, and intrepid explorers
will while away the evening danc
ing to the music of Howard Fred
ricks and his Melanesian Music
Manglers, he said.
Bids and tickets at $1.50 are now
available to Encina men from their
wing social chairmen.
Encina goes native this Saturday
night for its Trade Winds Dance in
the Encina "Sea Breeze Ballroom,"
announced chairman Dick Hughes
last night.
Freshmen disguised as beach
combers, headhunters, hula girls,
old salts, and intrepid explorers
will while away the evening danc
ing to the music of Howard Fred
ricks and his Melanesian Music
Manglers, he said.
Bids and tickets at $1.50 are now
available to Encina men from their
wing social chairmen.
Encina goes native this Saturday
night for its Trade Winds Dance in
the Encina "Sea Breeze Ballroom,"
announced chairman Dick Hughes
last night.
Freshmen disguised as beach
combers, headhunters, hula girls,
old salts, and intrepid explorers
will while away the evening danc
ing to the music of Howard Fred
ricks and his Melanesian Music
Manglers, he said.
Bids and tickets at $1.50 are now
available to Encina men from their
wing social chairmen.
Encina goes native this Saturday
night for its Trade Winds Dance in
the Encina "Sea Breeze Ballroom,"
announced chairman Dick Hughes
last night.
Freshmen disguised as beach
combers, headhunters, hula girls,
old salts, and intrepid explorers
will while away the evening danc
ing to the music of Howard Fred
ricks and his Melanesian Music
Manglers, he said.
Bids and tickets at $1.50 are now
available to Encina men from their
wing social chairmen.
Encina goes native this Saturday
night for its Trade Winds Dance in
the Encina "Sea Breeze Ballroom,"
announced chairman Dick Hughes
last night.
Freshmen disguised as beach
combers, headhunters, hula girls,
old salts, and intrepid explorers
will while away the evening danc
ing to the music of Howard Fred
ricks and his Melanesian Music
Manglers, he said.
Bids and tickets at $1.50 are now
available to Encina men from their
wing social chairmen.
Encina goes native this Saturday
night for its Trade Winds Dance in
the Encina "Sea Breeze Ballroom,"
announced chairman Dick Hughes
last night.
Freshmen disguised as beach
combers, headhunters, hula girls,
old salts, and intrepid explorers
will while away the evening danc
ing to the music of Howard Fred
ricks and his Melanesian Music
Manglers, he said.
Bids and tickets at $1.50 are now
available to Encina men from their
wing social chairmen.
Encina goes native this Saturday
night for its Trade Winds Dance in
the Encina "Sea Breeze Ballroom,"
announced chairman Dick Hughes
last night.
Freshmen disguised as beach
combers, headhunters, hula girls,
old salts, and intrepid explorers
will while away the evening danc
ing to the music of Howard Fred
ricks and his Melanesian Music
Manglers, he said.
Bids and tickets at $1.50 are now
available to Encina men from their
wing social chairmen.
Encina goes native this Saturday
night for its Trade Winds Dance in
the Encina "Sea Breeze Ballroom,"
announced chairman Dick Hughes
last night.
Freshmen disguised as beach
combers, headhunters, hula girls,
old salts, and intrepid explorers
will while away the evening danc
ing to the music of Howard Fred
ricks and his Melanesian Music
Manglers, he said.
Bids and tickets at $1.50 are now
available to Encina men from their
wing social chairmen.
Encina goes native this Saturday
night for its Trade Winds Dance in
the Encina "Sea Breeze Ballroom,"
announced chairman Dick Hughes
last night.
Freshmen disguised as beach
combers, headhunters, hula girls,
old salts, and intrepid explorers
will while away the evening danc
ing to the music of Howard Fred
ricks and his Melanesian Music
Manglers, he said.
Bids and tickets at $1.50 are now
available to Encina men from their
wing social chairmen.
Encina goes native this Saturday
night for its Trade Winds Dance in
the Encina "Sea Breeze Ballroom,"
announced chairman Dick Hughes
last night.
Freshmen disguised as beach
combers, headhunters, hula girls,
old salts, and intrepid explorers
will while away the evening danc
ing to the music of Howard Fred
ricks and his Melanesian Music
Manglers, he said.
Bids and tickets at $1.50 are now
available to Encina men from their
wing social chairmen.
Encina goes native this Saturday
night for its Trade Winds Dance in
the Encina "Sea Breeze Ballroom,"
announced chairman Dick Hughes
last night.
Freshmen disguised as beach
combers, headhunters, hula girls,
old salts, and intrepid explorers
will while away the evening danc
ing to the music of Howard Fred
ricks and his Melanesian Music
Manglers, he said.
Bids and tickets at $1.50 are now
available to Encina men from their
wing social chairmen.
Encina goes native this Saturday
night for its Trade Winds Dance in
the Encina "Sea Breeze Ballroom,"
announced chairman Dick Hughes
last night.
Freshmen disguised as beach
combers, headhunters, hula girls,
old salts, and intrepid explorers
will while away the evening danc
ing to the music of Howard Fred
ricks and his Melanesian Music
Manglers, he said.
Bids and tickets at $1.50 are now
available to Encina men from their
wing social chairmen.
Encina goes native this Saturday
night for its Trade Winds Dance in
the Encina "Sea Breeze Ballroom,"
announced chairman Dick Hughes
last night.
Freshmen disguised as beach
combers, headhunters, hula girls,
old salts, and intrepid explorers
will while away the evening danc
ing to the music of Howard Fred
ricks and his Melanesian Music
Manglers, he said.
Bids and tickets at $1.50 are now
available to Encina men from their
wing social chairmen.
Encina goes native this Saturday
night for its Trade Winds Dance in
the Encina "Sea Breeze Ballroom,"
announced chairman Dick Hughes
last night.
Freshmen disguised as beach
combers, headhunters, hula girls,
old salts, and intrepid explorers
will while away the evening danc
ing to the music of Howard Fred
ricks and his Melanesian Music
Manglers, he said.
Bids and tickets at $1.50 are now
available to Encina men from their
wing social chairmen.
