# GOLF MANAGER NEEDED
## 
### 
Stanford golf team needs a
manager. No experience is
needed. Good for activity
credit or grade. For more in
formation call Coach Bud
Finger at Stanford golf shop
or Bob Lawhon at 327-9538.
Stanford golf team needs a
manager. No experience is
needed. Good for activity
credit or grade. For more in
formation call Coach Bud
Finger at Stanford golf shop
or Bob Lawhon at 327-9538.
Stanford golf team needs a
manager. No experience is
needed. Good for activity
credit or grade. For more in
formation call Coach Bud
Finger at Stanford golf shop
or Bob Lawhon at 327-9538.
Stanford golf team needs a
manager. No experience is
needed. Good for activity
credit or grade. For more in
formation call Coach Bud
Finger at Stanford golf shop
or Bob Lawhon at 327-9538.
Stanford golf team needs a
manager. No experience is
needed. Good for activity
credit or grade. For more in
formation call Coach Bud
Finger at Stanford golf shop
or Bob Lawhon at 327-9538.
Stanford golf team needs a
manager. No experience is
needed. Good for activity
credit or grade. For more in
formation call Coach Bud
Finger at Stanford golf shop
or Bob Lawhon at 327-9538.
Stanford golf team needs a
manager. No experience is
needed. Good for activity
credit or grade. For more in
formation call Coach Bud
Finger at Stanford golf shop
or Bob Lawhon at 327-9538.
Stanford golf team needs a
manager. No experience is
needed. Good for activity
credit or grade. For more in
formation call Coach Bud
Finger at Stanford golf shop
or Bob Lawhon at 327-9538.
Stanford golf team needs a
manager. No experience is
needed. Good for activity
credit or grade. For more in
formation call Coach Bud
Finger at Stanford golf shop
or Bob Lawhon at 327-9538.
Stanford golf team needs a
manager. No experience is
needed. Good for activity
credit or grade. For more in
formation call Coach Bud
Finger at Stanford golf shop
or Bob Lawhon at 327-9538.
Stanford golf team needs a
manager. No experience is
needed. Good for activity
credit or grade. For more in
formation call Coach Bud
Finger at Stanford golf shop
or Bob Lawhon at 327-9538.
Stanford golf team needs a
manager. No experience is
needed. Good for activity
credit or grade. For more in
formation call Coach Bud
Finger at Stanford golf shop
or Bob Lawhon at 327-9538.
Stanford golf team needs a
manager. No experience is
needed. Good for activity
credit or grade. For more in
formation call Coach Bud
Finger at Stanford golf shop
or Bob Lawhon at 327-9538.
Stanford golf team needs a
manager. No experience is
needed. Good for activity
credit or grade. For more in
formation call Coach Bud
Finger at Stanford golf shop
or Bob Lawhon at 327-9538.
Stanford golf team needs a
manager. No experience is
needed. Good for activity
credit or grade. For more in
formation call Coach Bud
Finger at Stanford golf shop
or Bob Lawhon at 327-9538.
