# Bad Symptoms?
## 
### 
We're reminded of that old ex
pression, "getting off on the wrong
foot," when we hear of the seniors'
part in the Founders' Day exercises
and in the senior farce tryouts. It's
hard to explain why, even to our own
satisfaction, for most of the 1916 peo
ple failed to get off to any kind of a
start.
These two occasions gave the '16ers
their first chances to show what
they've got as a senior class. Their
failure to come through was miser
able. If the results in these two cases
are symptomatic of the condition of
the class, this year's senior week is
going to be one of the finest little
jokes ever put over on the public in
the history of Stanford.
Here are a few figures: Seventy
seniors attended the Founders' Day
assembly yesterday morning and
about fifty-five marched to the Mauso
leum following the assembly. Eleven
seniors tried out for their class play
â€”while over sixty people from the
other three classes entered competi
tion for parts.
We're optimistic enough to hope
that the seniors who haven't started
yet will come through and will help
make senior week a success. They'll
have to do more than attend the fes
tivities aftera corporal's guard of
their classmates has done all the
work.
