# INSIDE
## 
### 
Bear
California, bound for the
NCAA tournament, visits
Maples tonight.
See Sports, page 8

Trouble
Apple Computer has a long
way to go to restore its
luster.
See Science, page 7

Ahead
Fred vonAppen accepts the
defensive coordinator post
at Pitt.
See Sports, page 9

Bear
California, bound for the
NCAA tournament, visits
Maples tonight.
See Sports, page 8

Trouble
Apple Computer has a long
way to go to restore its
luster.
See Science, page 7

Ahead
Fred vonAppen accepts the
defensive coordinator post
at Pitt.
See Sports, page 9

Bear
California, bound for the
NCAA tournament, visits
Maples tonight.
See Sports, page 8

Trouble
Apple Computer has a long
way to go to restore its
luster.
See Science, page 7

Ahead
Fred vonAppen accepts the
defensive coordinator post
at Pitt.
See Sports, page 9

Bear
California, bound for the
NCAA tournament, visits
Maples tonight.
See Sports, page 8

Trouble
Apple Computer has a long
way to go to restore its
luster.
See Science, page 7

Ahead
Fred vonAppen accepts the
defensive coordinator post
at Pitt.
See Sports, page 9

Bear
California, bound for the
NCAA tournament, visits
Maples tonight.
See Sports, page 8

Trouble
Apple Computer has a long
way to go to restore its
luster.
See Science, page 7

Ahead
Fred vonAppen accepts the
defensive coordinator post
at Pitt.
See Sports, page 9

Bear
California, bound for the
NCAA tournament, visits
Maples tonight.
See Sports, page 8

Trouble
Apple Computer has a long
way to go to restore its
luster.
See Science, page 7

Ahead
Fred vonAppen accepts the
defensive coordinator post
at Pitt.
See Sports, page 9

Bear
California, bound for the
NCAA tournament, visits
Maples tonight.
See Sports, page 8

Trouble
Apple Computer has a long
way to go to restore its
luster.
See Science, page 7

Ahead
Fred vonAppen accepts the
defensive coordinator post
at Pitt.
See Sports, page 9

Bear
California, bound for the
NCAA tournament, visits
Maples tonight.
See Sports, page 8

Trouble
Apple Computer has a long
way to go to restore its
luster.
See Science, page 7

Ahead
Fred vonAppen accepts the
defensive coordinator post
at Pitt.
See Sports, page 9

