# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Seniors to View
Blackboard Jungle'
Tonight's Senior Movie will
be “Blackboard Jungle,” at
The 2«’s at 9 p.m. A serial
feature will Im* included.
Senior Movie Nights are
held Thursday throughout
the quarter.
Seniors to View
Blackboard Jungle'
Tonight's Senior Movie will
be “Blackboard Jungle,” at
The 2«’s at 9 p.m. A serial
feature will Im* included.
Senior Movie Nights are
held Thursday throughout
the quarter.
Seniors to View
Blackboard Jungle'
Tonight's Senior Movie will
be “Blackboard Jungle,” at
The 2«’s at 9 p.m. A serial
feature will Im* included.
Senior Movie Nights are
held Thursday throughout
the quarter.
Seniors to View
Blackboard Jungle'
Tonight's Senior Movie will
be “Blackboard Jungle,” at
The 2«’s at 9 p.m. A serial
feature will Im* included.
Senior Movie Nights are
held Thursday throughout
the quarter.
Seniors to View
Blackboard Jungle'
Tonight's Senior Movie will
be “Blackboard Jungle,” at
The 2«’s at 9 p.m. A serial
feature will Im* included.
Senior Movie Nights are
held Thursday throughout
the quarter.
Seniors to View
Blackboard Jungle'
Tonight's Senior Movie will
be “Blackboard Jungle,” at
The 2«’s at 9 p.m. A serial
feature will Im* included.
Senior Movie Nights are
held Thursday throughout
the quarter.
Seniors to View
Blackboard Jungle'
Tonight's Senior Movie will
be “Blackboard Jungle,” at
The 2«’s at 9 p.m. A serial
feature will Im* included.
Senior Movie Nights are
held Thursday throughout
the quarter.
Seniors to View
Blackboard Jungle'
Tonight's Senior Movie will
be “Blackboard Jungle,” at
The 2«’s at 9 p.m. A serial
feature will Im* included.
Senior Movie Nights are
held Thursday throughout
the quarter.
Seniors to View
Blackboard Jungle'
Tonight's Senior Movie will
be “Blackboard Jungle,” at
The 2«’s at 9 p.m. A serial
feature will Im* included.
Senior Movie Nights are
held Thursday throughout
the quarter.
Seniors to View
Blackboard Jungle'
Tonight's Senior Movie will
be “Blackboard Jungle,” at
The 2«’s at 9 p.m. A serial
feature will Im* included.
Senior Movie Nights are
held Thursday throughout
the quarter.
Seniors to View
Blackboard Jungle'
Tonight's Senior Movie will
be “Blackboard Jungle,” at
The 2«’s at 9 p.m. A serial
feature will Im* included.
Senior Movie Nights are
held Thursday throughout
the quarter.
Seniors to View
Blackboard Jungle'
Tonight's Senior Movie will
be “Blackboard Jungle,” at
The 2«’s at 9 p.m. A serial
feature will Im* included.
Senior Movie Nights are
held Thursday throughout
the quarter.
Seniors to View
Blackboard Jungle'
Tonight's Senior Movie will
be “Blackboard Jungle,” at
The 2«’s at 9 p.m. A serial
feature will Im* included.
Senior Movie Nights are
held Thursday throughout
the quarter.
Seniors to View
Blackboard Jungle'
Tonight's Senior Movie will
be “Blackboard Jungle,” at
The 2«’s at 9 p.m. A serial
feature will Im* included.
Senior Movie Nights are
held Thursday throughout
the quarter.
Seniors to View
Blackboard Jungle'
Tonight's Senior Movie will
be “Blackboard Jungle,” at
The 2«’s at 9 p.m. A serial
feature will Im* included.
Senior Movie Nights are
held Thursday throughout
the quarter.
Seniors to View
Blackboard Jungle'
Tonight's Senior Movie will
be “Blackboard Jungle,” at
The 2«’s at 9 p.m. A serial
feature will Im* included.
Senior Movie Nights are
held Thursday throughout
the quarter.
Seniors to View
Blackboard Jungle'
Tonight's Senior Movie will
be “Blackboard Jungle,” at
The 2«’s at 9 p.m. A serial
feature will Im* included.
Senior Movie Nights are
held Thursday throughout
the quarter.
