# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
MURALS
There will he a most important
meeting of all intramural manag
ers in room 50 of the BAG, 4:15
today. All intramural managers
must be present.
Any qualified student who
wishes to officiate intramural
basketball games this winter
should contact Mr. Bugge at the
BAG. Each referee will be paid
.$1.50 per game.
All basketball sign-ups are re
quired to be completed by Friday
evening.
MURALS
There will he a most important
meeting of all intramural manag
ers in room 50 of the BAG, 4:15
today. All intramural managers
must be present.
Any qualified student who
wishes to officiate intramural
basketball games this winter
should contact Mr. Bugge at the
BAG. Each referee will be paid
.$1.50 per game.
All basketball sign-ups are re
quired to be completed by Friday
evening.
MURALS
There will he a most important
meeting of all intramural manag
ers in room 50 of the BAG, 4:15
today. All intramural managers
must be present.
Any qualified student who
wishes to officiate intramural
basketball games this winter
should contact Mr. Bugge at the
BAG. Each referee will be paid
.$1.50 per game.
All basketball sign-ups are re
quired to be completed by Friday
evening.
MURALS
There will he a most important
meeting of all intramural manag
ers in room 50 of the BAG, 4:15
today. All intramural managers
must be present.
Any qualified student who
wishes to officiate intramural
basketball games this winter
should contact Mr. Bugge at the
BAG. Each referee will be paid
.$1.50 per game.
All basketball sign-ups are re
quired to be completed by Friday
evening.
MURALS
There will he a most important
meeting of all intramural manag
ers in room 50 of the BAG, 4:15
today. All intramural managers
must be present.
Any qualified student who
wishes to officiate intramural
basketball games this winter
should contact Mr. Bugge at the
BAG. Each referee will be paid
.$1.50 per game.
All basketball sign-ups are re
quired to be completed by Friday
evening.
MURALS
There will he a most important
meeting of all intramural manag
ers in room 50 of the BAG, 4:15
today. All intramural managers
must be present.
Any qualified student who
wishes to officiate intramural
basketball games this winter
should contact Mr. Bugge at the
BAG. Each referee will be paid
.$1.50 per game.
All basketball sign-ups are re
quired to be completed by Friday
evening.
MURALS
There will he a most important
meeting of all intramural manag
ers in room 50 of the BAG, 4:15
today. All intramural managers
must be present.
Any qualified student who
wishes to officiate intramural
basketball games this winter
should contact Mr. Bugge at the
BAG. Each referee will be paid
.$1.50 per game.
All basketball sign-ups are re
quired to be completed by Friday
evening.
MURALS
There will he a most important
meeting of all intramural manag
ers in room 50 of the BAG, 4:15
today. All intramural managers
must be present.
Any qualified student who
wishes to officiate intramural
basketball games this winter
should contact Mr. Bugge at the
BAG. Each referee will be paid
.$1.50 per game.
All basketball sign-ups are re
quired to be completed by Friday
evening.
MURALS
There will he a most important
meeting of all intramural manag
ers in room 50 of the BAG, 4:15
today. All intramural managers
must be present.
Any qualified student who
wishes to officiate intramural
basketball games this winter
should contact Mr. Bugge at the
BAG. Each referee will be paid
.$1.50 per game.
All basketball sign-ups are re
quired to be completed by Friday
evening.
MURALS
There will he a most important
meeting of all intramural manag
ers in room 50 of the BAG, 4:15
today. All intramural managers
must be present.
Any qualified student who
wishes to officiate intramural
basketball games this winter
should contact Mr. Bugge at the
BAG. Each referee will be paid
.$1.50 per game.
All basketball sign-ups are re
quired to be completed by Friday
evening.
MURALS
There will he a most important
meeting of all intramural manag
ers in room 50 of the BAG, 4:15
today. All intramural managers
must be present.
Any qualified student who
wishes to officiate intramural
basketball games this winter
should contact Mr. Bugge at the
BAG. Each referee will be paid
.$1.50 per game.
All basketball sign-ups are re
quired to be completed by Friday
evening.
MURALS
There will he a most important
meeting of all intramural manag
ers in room 50 of the BAG, 4:15
today. All intramural managers
must be present.
Any qualified student who
wishes to officiate intramural
basketball games this winter
should contact Mr. Bugge at the
BAG. Each referee will be paid
.$1.50 per game.
All basketball sign-ups are re
quired to be completed by Friday
evening.
MURALS
There will he a most important
meeting of all intramural manag
ers in room 50 of the BAG, 4:15
today. All intramural managers
must be present.
Any qualified student who
wishes to officiate intramural
basketball games this winter
should contact Mr. Bugge at the
BAG. Each referee will be paid
.$1.50 per game.
All basketball sign-ups are re
quired to be completed by Friday
evening.
MURALS
There will he a most important
meeting of all intramural manag
ers in room 50 of the BAG, 4:15
today. All intramural managers
must be present.
Any qualified student who
wishes to officiate intramural
basketball games this winter
should contact Mr. Bugge at the
BAG. Each referee will be paid
.$1.50 per game.
All basketball sign-ups are re
quired to be completed by Friday
evening.
MURALS
There will he a most important
meeting of all intramural manag
ers in room 50 of the BAG, 4:15
today. All intramural managers
must be present.
Any qualified student who
wishes to officiate intramural
basketball games this winter
should contact Mr. Bugge at the
BAG. Each referee will be paid
.$1.50 per game.
All basketball sign-ups are re
quired to be completed by Friday
evening.
MURALS
There will he a most important
meeting of all intramural manag
ers in room 50 of the BAG, 4:15
today. All intramural managers
must be present.
Any qualified student who
wishes to officiate intramural
basketball games this winter
should contact Mr. Bugge at the
BAG. Each referee will be paid
.$1.50 per game.
All basketball sign-ups are re
quired to be completed by Friday
evening.
MURALS
There will he a most important
meeting of all intramural manag
ers in room 50 of the BAG, 4:15
today. All intramural managers
must be present.
Any qualified student who
wishes to officiate intramural
basketball games this winter
should contact Mr. Bugge at the
BAG. Each referee will be paid
.$1.50 per game.
All basketball sign-ups are re
quired to be completed by Friday
evening.
