# Roble Schedules Fireside Sunday
## 
### 
A closed fireside will be held at
Roble Sunday after the movies from
9 until 11:45 p.m. Giils may not
leave the hall after 10:30 without
signing out, but guests may stay In
until 12.
Julie Dockstader is general chair
man.
A closed fireside will be held at
Roble Sunday after the movies from
9 until 11:45 p.m. Giils may not
leave the hall after 10:30 without
signing out, but guests may stay In
until 12.
Julie Dockstader is general chair
man.
A closed fireside will be held at
Roble Sunday after the movies from
9 until 11:45 p.m. Giils may not
leave the hall after 10:30 without
signing out, but guests may stay In
until 12.
Julie Dockstader is general chair
man.
A closed fireside will be held at
Roble Sunday after the movies from
9 until 11:45 p.m. Giils may not
leave the hall after 10:30 without
signing out, but guests may stay In
until 12.
Julie Dockstader is general chair
man.
A closed fireside will be held at
Roble Sunday after the movies from
9 until 11:45 p.m. Giils may not
leave the hall after 10:30 without
signing out, but guests may stay In
until 12.
Julie Dockstader is general chair
man.
A closed fireside will be held at
Roble Sunday after the movies from
9 until 11:45 p.m. Giils may not
leave the hall after 10:30 without
signing out, but guests may stay In
until 12.
Julie Dockstader is general chair
man.
A closed fireside will be held at
Roble Sunday after the movies from
9 until 11:45 p.m. Giils may not
leave the hall after 10:30 without
signing out, but guests may stay In
until 12.
Julie Dockstader is general chair
man.
A closed fireside will be held at
Roble Sunday after the movies from
9 until 11:45 p.m. Giils may not
leave the hall after 10:30 without
signing out, but guests may stay In
until 12.
Julie Dockstader is general chair
man.
A closed fireside will be held at
Roble Sunday after the movies from
9 until 11:45 p.m. Giils may not
leave the hall after 10:30 without
signing out, but guests may stay In
until 12.
Julie Dockstader is general chair
man.
A closed fireside will be held at
Roble Sunday after the movies from
9 until 11:45 p.m. Giils may not
leave the hall after 10:30 without
signing out, but guests may stay In
until 12.
Julie Dockstader is general chair
man.
A closed fireside will be held at
Roble Sunday after the movies from
9 until 11:45 p.m. Giils may not
leave the hall after 10:30 without
signing out, but guests may stay In
until 12.
Julie Dockstader is general chair
man.
A closed fireside will be held at
Roble Sunday after the movies from
9 until 11:45 p.m. Giils may not
leave the hall after 10:30 without
signing out, but guests may stay In
until 12.
Julie Dockstader is general chair
man.
A closed fireside will be held at
Roble Sunday after the movies from
9 until 11:45 p.m. Giils may not
leave the hall after 10:30 without
signing out, but guests may stay In
until 12.
Julie Dockstader is general chair
man.
A closed fireside will be held at
Roble Sunday after the movies from
9 until 11:45 p.m. Giils may not
leave the hall after 10:30 without
signing out, but guests may stay In
until 12.
Julie Dockstader is general chair
man.
