# CORRECTION
## 
### 
Guest charges at the
Stanford ski lodge are
$3.00, not $3.50 as was re
ported incorrectly in Fri
day's Daily.
Guest charges at the
Stanford ski lodge are
$3.00, not $3.50 as was re
ported incorrectly in Fri
day's Daily.
Guest charges at the
Stanford ski lodge are
$3.00, not $3.50 as was re
ported incorrectly in Fri
day's Daily.
Guest charges at the
Stanford ski lodge are
$3.00, not $3.50 as was re
ported incorrectly in Fri
day's Daily.
Guest charges at the
Stanford ski lodge are
$3.00, not $3.50 as was re
ported incorrectly in Fri
day's Daily.
Guest charges at the
Stanford ski lodge are
$3.00, not $3.50 as was re
ported incorrectly in Fri
day's Daily.
Guest charges at the
Stanford ski lodge are
$3.00, not $3.50 as was re
ported incorrectly in Fri
day's Daily.
Guest charges at the
Stanford ski lodge are
$3.00, not $3.50 as was re
ported incorrectly in Fri
day's Daily.
Guest charges at the
Stanford ski lodge are
$3.00, not $3.50 as was re
ported incorrectly in Fri
day's Daily.
Guest charges at the
Stanford ski lodge are
$3.00, not $3.50 as was re
ported incorrectly in Fri
day's Daily.
Guest charges at the
Stanford ski lodge are
$3.00, not $3.50 as was re
ported incorrectly in Fri
day's Daily.
Guest charges at the
Stanford ski lodge are
$3.00, not $3.50 as was re
ported incorrectly in Fri
day's Daily.
Guest charges at the
Stanford ski lodge are
$3.00, not $3.50 as was re
ported incorrectly in Fri
day's Daily.
Guest charges at the
Stanford ski lodge are
$3.00, not $3.50 as was re
ported incorrectly in Fri
day's Daily.
Guest charges at the
Stanford ski lodge are
$3.00, not $3.50 as was re
ported incorrectly in Fri
day's Daily.
