# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Allied airmen in making their first bombing raid on Rome concentrated
their daring daylight assault on Italian railway targets and carefully
avoided the Vatican and all non-military objectives of the Eternal City.
This aerial picture of Rome shows the broad avenue and circular colon
nade that form the approach to St. Peter's. At right are some of the
Vatican buildings, which were undamaged in the bombing.

Allied airmen in making their first bombing raid on Rome concentrated
their daring daylight assault on Italian railway targets and carefully
avoided the Vatican and all non-military objectives of the Eternal City.
This aerial picture of Rome shows the broad avenue and circular colon
nade that form the approach to St. Peter's. At right are some of the
Vatican buildings, which were undamaged in the bombing.

Allied airmen in making their first bombing raid on Rome concentrated
their daring daylight assault on Italian railway targets and carefully
avoided the Vatican and all non-military objectives of the Eternal City.
This aerial picture of Rome shows the broad avenue and circular colon
nade that form the approach to St. Peter's. At right are some of the
Vatican buildings, which were undamaged in the bombing.

Allied airmen in making their first bombing raid on Rome concentrated
their daring daylight assault on Italian railway targets and carefully
avoided the Vatican and all non-military objectives of the Eternal City.
This aerial picture of Rome shows the broad avenue and circular colon
nade that form the approach to St. Peter's. At right are some of the
Vatican buildings, which were undamaged in the bombing.

Allied airmen in making their first bombing raid on Rome concentrated
their daring daylight assault on Italian railway targets and carefully
avoided the Vatican and all non-military objectives of the Eternal City.
This aerial picture of Rome shows the broad avenue and circular colon
nade that form the approach to St. Peter's. At right are some of the
Vatican buildings, which were undamaged in the bombing.

Allied airmen in making their first bombing raid on Rome concentrated
their daring daylight assault on Italian railway targets and carefully
avoided the Vatican and all non-military objectives of the Eternal City.
This aerial picture of Rome shows the broad avenue and circular colon
nade that form the approach to St. Peter's. At right are some of the
Vatican buildings, which were undamaged in the bombing.

Allied airmen in making their first bombing raid on Rome concentrated
their daring daylight assault on Italian railway targets and carefully
avoided the Vatican and all non-military objectives of the Eternal City.
This aerial picture of Rome shows the broad avenue and circular colon
nade that form the approach to St. Peter's. At right are some of the
Vatican buildings, which were undamaged in the bombing.

Allied airmen in making their first bombing raid on Rome concentrated
their daring daylight assault on Italian railway targets and carefully
avoided the Vatican and all non-military objectives of the Eternal City.
This aerial picture of Rome shows the broad avenue and circular colon
nade that form the approach to St. Peter's. At right are some of the
Vatican buildings, which were undamaged in the bombing.

Allied airmen in making their first bombing raid on Rome concentrated
their daring daylight assault on Italian railway targets and carefully
avoided the Vatican and all non-military objectives of the Eternal City.
This aerial picture of Rome shows the broad avenue and circular colon
nade that form the approach to St. Peter's. At right are some of the
Vatican buildings, which were undamaged in the bombing.

Allied airmen in making their first bombing raid on Rome concentrated
their daring daylight assault on Italian railway targets and carefully
avoided the Vatican and all non-military objectives of the Eternal City.
This aerial picture of Rome shows the broad avenue and circular colon
nade that form the approach to St. Peter's. At right are some of the
Vatican buildings, which were undamaged in the bombing.

Allied airmen in making their first bombing raid on Rome concentrated
their daring daylight assault on Italian railway targets and carefully
avoided the Vatican and all non-military objectives of the Eternal City.
This aerial picture of Rome shows the broad avenue and circular colon
nade that form the approach to St. Peter's. At right are some of the
Vatican buildings, which were undamaged in the bombing.

Allied airmen in making their first bombing raid on Rome concentrated
their daring daylight assault on Italian railway targets and carefully
avoided the Vatican and all non-military objectives of the Eternal City.
This aerial picture of Rome shows the broad avenue and circular colon
nade that form the approach to St. Peter's. At right are some of the
Vatican buildings, which were undamaged in the bombing.

Allied airmen in making their first bombing raid on Rome concentrated
their daring daylight assault on Italian railway targets and carefully
avoided the Vatican and all non-military objectives of the Eternal City.
This aerial picture of Rome shows the broad avenue and circular colon
nade that form the approach to St. Peter's. At right are some of the
Vatican buildings, which were undamaged in the bombing.

Allied airmen in making their first bombing raid on Rome concentrated
their daring daylight assault on Italian railway targets and carefully
avoided the Vatican and all non-military objectives of the Eternal City.
This aerial picture of Rome shows the broad avenue and circular colon
nade that form the approach to St. Peter's. At right are some of the
Vatican buildings, which were undamaged in the bombing.

Allied airmen in making their first bombing raid on Rome concentrated
their daring daylight assault on Italian railway targets and carefully
avoided the Vatican and all non-military objectives of the Eternal City.
This aerial picture of Rome shows the broad avenue and circular colon
nade that form the approach to St. Peter's. At right are some of the
Vatican buildings, which were undamaged in the bombing.

Allied airmen in making their first bombing raid on Rome concentrated
their daring daylight assault on Italian railway targets and carefully
avoided the Vatican and all non-military objectives of the Eternal City.
This aerial picture of Rome shows the broad avenue and circular colon
nade that form the approach to St. Peter's. At right are some of the
Vatican buildings, which were undamaged in the bombing.

Allied airmen in making their first bombing raid on Rome concentrated
their daring daylight assault on Italian railway targets and carefully
avoided the Vatican and all non-military objectives of the Eternal City.
This aerial picture of Rome shows the broad avenue and circular colon
nade that form the approach to St. Peter's. At right are some of the
Vatican buildings, which were undamaged in the bombing.
