# Square Dance Set for Gym
## 
### 
The second of a series of four
Wednesday night folk dances will be
held tonight at the Women's Gym
from 7:30 to 9 p.m. under the direc
tion of Mrs. Miriam Lidster. Ac
cording to Mrs. Lidster, everyone on
campus is invited to attend and a
large crowd is expected because the
Army will be there in large groups.
Viennese waltzes, polkas, schot
tisches, square, and folk dances will
be featured. Both beginners and ad
vanced dancers are welcome as gen
eral instructions will be given, which
will continue from last week s ses
sion.
The music is supplied by a phono
graph and records. Girls are espe
cially invited to come because of the
large number of the service men who
are expected.
