# Racquet Wielders Compete Saturday
## Varsity Squad Is Burred Front First Novice Meet 
### 
Tennis Captain .J. S. Hutchinson to
day announced that the first novice
tennis tournament of tlie season will
he played on the Encina courts next
Saturday. The first matches will
start promptly at 9 o'clock, and the
whole tournament will he finished
during the day.
All students of the University are
eligible to enter except those on the
varsity tennis squad. This gives
everyone practically an even chance
and insures some excellent tennis.
The entry list will he limited to six
teen, thus assuring the finishing of
the tourney before darkness. Those
wishing to competc are requested to
sign up with Captain Hutchinson as
soon as possible.
As there is an eight dollar racquet
up for the winner, the number wish
ing to enter will probably be large.
An entrance fee of fifty cents will
be charged the sixteen players par
ticipating. This is the first of a srrics
of novice tennis tournaments to be
played this season. The next one
will be played about two weeks from
next Saturday.
Tennis Captain .J. S. Hutchinson to
day announced that the first novice
tennis tournament of tlie season will
he played on the Encina courts next
Saturday. The first matches will
start promptly at 9 o'clock, and the
whole tournament will he finished
during the day.
All students of the University are
eligible to enter except those on the
varsity tennis squad. This gives
everyone practically an even chance
and insures some excellent tennis.
The entry list will he limited to six
teen, thus assuring the finishing of
the tourney before darkness. Those
wishing to competc are requested to
sign up with Captain Hutchinson as
soon as possible.
As there is an eight dollar racquet
up for the winner, the number wish
ing to enter will probably be large.
An entrance fee of fifty cents will
be charged the sixteen players par
ticipating. This is the first of a srrics
of novice tennis tournaments to be
played this season. The next one
will be played about two weeks from
next Saturday.
Tennis Captain .J. S. Hutchinson to
day announced that the first novice
tennis tournament of tlie season will
he played on the Encina courts next
Saturday. The first matches will
start promptly at 9 o'clock, and the
whole tournament will he finished
during the day.
All students of the University are
eligible to enter except those on the
varsity tennis squad. This gives
everyone practically an even chance
and insures some excellent tennis.
The entry list will he limited to six
teen, thus assuring the finishing of
the tourney before darkness. Those
wishing to competc are requested to
sign up with Captain Hutchinson as
soon as possible.
As there is an eight dollar racquet
up for the winner, the number wish
ing to enter will probably be large.
An entrance fee of fifty cents will
be charged the sixteen players par
ticipating. This is the first of a srrics
of novice tennis tournaments to be
played this season. The next one
will be played about two weeks from
next Saturday.
Tennis Captain .J. S. Hutchinson to
day announced that the first novice
tennis tournament of tlie season will
he played on the Encina courts next
Saturday. The first matches will
start promptly at 9 o'clock, and the
whole tournament will he finished
during the day.
All students of the University are
eligible to enter except those on the
varsity tennis squad. This gives
everyone practically an even chance
and insures some excellent tennis.
The entry list will he limited to six
teen, thus assuring the finishing of
the tourney before darkness. Those
wishing to competc are requested to
sign up with Captain Hutchinson as
soon as possible.
As there is an eight dollar racquet
up for the winner, the number wish
ing to enter will probably be large.
An entrance fee of fifty cents will
be charged the sixteen players par
ticipating. This is the first of a srrics
of novice tennis tournaments to be
played this season. The next one
will be played about two weeks from
next Saturday.
Tennis Captain .J. S. Hutchinson to
day announced that the first novice
tennis tournament of tlie season will
he played on the Encina courts next
Saturday. The first matches will
start promptly at 9 o'clock, and the
whole tournament will he finished
during the day.
All students of the University are
eligible to enter except those on the
varsity tennis squad. This gives
everyone practically an even chance
and insures some excellent tennis.
The entry list will he limited to six
teen, thus assuring the finishing of
the tourney before darkness. Those
wishing to competc are requested to
sign up with Captain Hutchinson as
soon as possible.
As there is an eight dollar racquet
up for the winner, the number wish
ing to enter will probably be large.
An entrance fee of fifty cents will
be charged the sixteen players par
ticipating. This is the first of a srrics
of novice tennis tournaments to be
played this season. The next one
will be played about two weeks from
next Saturday.
Tennis Captain .J. S. Hutchinson to
day announced that the first novice
tennis tournament of tlie season will
he played on the Encina courts next
Saturday. The first matches will
start promptly at 9 o'clock, and the
whole tournament will he finished
during the day.
All students of the University are
eligible to enter except those on the
varsity tennis squad. This gives
everyone practically an even chance
and insures some excellent tennis.
The entry list will he limited to six
teen, thus assuring the finishing of
the tourney before darkness. Those
wishing to competc are requested to
sign up with Captain Hutchinson as
soon as possible.
As there is an eight dollar racquet
up for the winner, the number wish
ing to enter will probably be large.
An entrance fee of fifty cents will
be charged the sixteen players par
ticipating. This is the first of a srrics
of novice tennis tournaments to be
played this season. The next one
will be played about two weeks from
next Saturday.
Tennis Captain .J. S. Hutchinson to
day announced that the first novice
tennis tournament of tlie season will
he played on the Encina courts next
Saturday. The first matches will
start promptly at 9 o'clock, and the
whole tournament will he finished
during the day.
All students of the University are
eligible to enter except those on the
varsity tennis squad. This gives
everyone practically an even chance
and insures some excellent tennis.
The entry list will he limited to six
teen, thus assuring the finishing of
the tourney before darkness. Those
wishing to competc are requested to
sign up with Captain Hutchinson as
soon as possible.
As there is an eight dollar racquet
up for the winner, the number wish
ing to enter will probably be large.
An entrance fee of fifty cents will
be charged the sixteen players par
ticipating. This is the first of a srrics
of novice tennis tournaments to be
played this season. The next one
will be played about two weeks from
next Saturday.
Tennis Captain .J. S. Hutchinson to
day announced that the first novice
tennis tournament of tlie season will
he played on the Encina courts next
Saturday. The first matches will
start promptly at 9 o'clock, and the
whole tournament will he finished
during the day.
All students of the University are
eligible to enter except those on the
varsity tennis squad. This gives
everyone practically an even chance
and insures some excellent tennis.
The entry list will he limited to six
teen, thus assuring the finishing of
the tourney before darkness. Those
wishing to competc are requested to
sign up with Captain Hutchinson as
soon as possible.
As there is an eight dollar racquet
up for the winner, the number wish
ing to enter will probably be large.
An entrance fee of fifty cents will
be charged the sixteen players par
ticipating. This is the first of a srrics
of novice tennis tournaments to be
played this season. The next one
will be played about two weeks from
next Saturday.
Tennis Captain .J. S. Hutchinson to
day announced that the first novice
tennis tournament of tlie season will
he played on the Encina courts next
Saturday. The first matches will
start promptly at 9 o'clock, and the
whole tournament will he finished
during the day.
All students of the University are
eligible to enter except those on the
varsity tennis squad. This gives
everyone practically an even chance
and insures some excellent tennis.
The entry list will he limited to six
teen, thus assuring the finishing of
the tourney before darkness. Those
wishing to competc are requested to
sign up with Captain Hutchinson as
soon as possible.
As there is an eight dollar racquet
up for the winner, the number wish
ing to enter will probably be large.
An entrance fee of fifty cents will
be charged the sixteen players par
ticipating. This is the first of a srrics
of novice tennis tournaments to be
played this season. The next one
will be played about two weeks from
next Saturday.
Tennis Captain .J. S. Hutchinson to
day announced that the first novice
tennis tournament of tlie season will
he played on the Encina courts next
Saturday. The first matches will
start promptly at 9 o'clock, and the
whole tournament will he finished
during the day.
All students of the University are
eligible to enter except those on the
varsity tennis squad. This gives
everyone practically an even chance
and insures some excellent tennis.
The entry list will he limited to six
teen, thus assuring the finishing of
the tourney before darkness. Those
wishing to competc are requested to
sign up with Captain Hutchinson as
soon as possible.
As there is an eight dollar racquet
up for the winner, the number wish
ing to enter will probably be large.
An entrance fee of fifty cents will
be charged the sixteen players par
ticipating. This is the first of a srrics
of novice tennis tournaments to be
played this season. The next one
will be played about two weeks from
next Saturday.
Tennis Captain .J. S. Hutchinson to
day announced that the first novice
tennis tournament of tlie season will
he played on the Encina courts next
Saturday. The first matches will
start promptly at 9 o'clock, and the
whole tournament will he finished
during the day.
All students of the University are
eligible to enter except those on the
varsity tennis squad. This gives
everyone practically an even chance
and insures some excellent tennis.
The entry list will he limited to six
teen, thus assuring the finishing of
the tourney before darkness. Those
wishing to competc are requested to
sign up with Captain Hutchinson as
soon as possible.
As there is an eight dollar racquet
up for the winner, the number wish
ing to enter will probably be large.
An entrance fee of fifty cents will
be charged the sixteen players par
ticipating. This is the first of a srrics
of novice tennis tournaments to be
played this season. The next one
will be played about two weeks from
next Saturday.
Tennis Captain .J. S. Hutchinson to
day announced that the first novice
tennis tournament of tlie season will
he played on the Encina courts next
Saturday. The first matches will
start promptly at 9 o'clock, and the
whole tournament will he finished
during the day.
All students of the University are
eligible to enter except those on the
varsity tennis squad. This gives
everyone practically an even chance
and insures some excellent tennis.
The entry list will he limited to six
teen, thus assuring the finishing of
the tourney before darkness. Those
wishing to competc are requested to
sign up with Captain Hutchinson as
soon as possible.
As there is an eight dollar racquet
up for the winner, the number wish
ing to enter will probably be large.
An entrance fee of fifty cents will
be charged the sixteen players par
ticipating. This is the first of a srrics
of novice tennis tournaments to be
played this season. The next one
will be played about two weeks from
next Saturday.
Tennis Captain .J. S. Hutchinson to
day announced that the first novice
tennis tournament of tlie season will
he played on the Encina courts next
Saturday. The first matches will
start promptly at 9 o'clock, and the
whole tournament will he finished
during the day.
All students of the University are
eligible to enter except those on the
varsity tennis squad. This gives
everyone practically an even chance
and insures some excellent tennis.
The entry list will he limited to six
teen, thus assuring the finishing of
the tourney before darkness. Those
wishing to competc are requested to
sign up with Captain Hutchinson as
soon as possible.
As there is an eight dollar racquet
up for the winner, the number wish
ing to enter will probably be large.
An entrance fee of fifty cents will
be charged the sixteen players par
ticipating. This is the first of a srrics
of novice tennis tournaments to be
played this season. The next one
will be played about two weeks from
next Saturday.
Tennis Captain .J. S. Hutchinson to
day announced that the first novice
tennis tournament of tlie season will
he played on the Encina courts next
Saturday. The first matches will
start promptly at 9 o'clock, and the
whole tournament will he finished
during the day.
All students of the University are
eligible to enter except those on the
varsity tennis squad. This gives
everyone practically an even chance
and insures some excellent tennis.
The entry list will he limited to six
teen, thus assuring the finishing of
the tourney before darkness. Those
wishing to competc are requested to
sign up with Captain Hutchinson as
soon as possible.
As there is an eight dollar racquet
up for the winner, the number wish
ing to enter will probably be large.
An entrance fee of fifty cents will
be charged the sixteen players par
ticipating. This is the first of a srrics
of novice tennis tournaments to be
played this season. The next one
will be played about two weeks from
next Saturday.
