# PRESIDENT WILBUR WILL LEAVE FOR NORTH SATURDAY
## TO SEE SUZZALLO INSTALLED Also to Assist in Inauguration of Holland as Head of Washington State 
### 
President Wilbur loaves the campus
next Saturday, bound for Seattle,
Washington. He will attend the in
stallation of Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
'!»9, as president of the University of
Washington, on March 20 and 21, and
will then proceed to Pullman, Wash
ington. to be present at the installa
tion of Earnest Otto Holland, as pres
ident of the State College of Wash
ington.
The installation of Suzzallo is to be
very elaborate, extending over a per
iod of two days. President Wilbur
will extend greetings on behalf of the
universities of the Pacific Coast.
While at Seattle he will be enter
tained by the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation. After the installation of Hol
land, he will journey to Portland, on
March 25, where he will attend a
Stanford dinner. He returns on the
following Monday.
A second northern trip is scheduled
for President Wilbur in June, for the
purpose of delivering commencement
addresses at the Universities of Ore
gon and Idaho, on June 5 and 7, re
spectively
President Wilbur loaves the campus
next Saturday, bound for Seattle,
Washington. He will attend the in
stallation of Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
'!»9, as president of the University of
Washington, on March 20 and 21, and
will then proceed to Pullman, Wash
ington. to be present at the installa
tion of Earnest Otto Holland, as pres
ident of the State College of Wash
ington.
The installation of Suzzallo is to be
very elaborate, extending over a per
iod of two days. President Wilbur
will extend greetings on behalf of the
universities of the Pacific Coast.
While at Seattle he will be enter
tained by the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation. After the installation of Hol
land, he will journey to Portland, on
March 25, where he will attend a
Stanford dinner. He returns on the
following Monday.
A second northern trip is scheduled
for President Wilbur in June, for the
purpose of delivering commencement
addresses at the Universities of Ore
gon and Idaho, on June 5 and 7, re
spectively
President Wilbur loaves the campus
next Saturday, bound for Seattle,
Washington. He will attend the in
stallation of Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
'!»9, as president of the University of
Washington, on March 20 and 21, and
will then proceed to Pullman, Wash
ington. to be present at the installa
tion of Earnest Otto Holland, as pres
ident of the State College of Wash
ington.
The installation of Suzzallo is to be
very elaborate, extending over a per
iod of two days. President Wilbur
will extend greetings on behalf of the
universities of the Pacific Coast.
While at Seattle he will be enter
tained by the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation. After the installation of Hol
land, he will journey to Portland, on
March 25, where he will attend a
Stanford dinner. He returns on the
following Monday.
A second northern trip is scheduled
for President Wilbur in June, for the
purpose of delivering commencement
addresses at the Universities of Ore
gon and Idaho, on June 5 and 7, re
spectively
President Wilbur loaves the campus
next Saturday, bound for Seattle,
Washington. He will attend the in
stallation of Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
'!»9, as president of the University of
Washington, on March 20 and 21, and
will then proceed to Pullman, Wash
ington. to be present at the installa
tion of Earnest Otto Holland, as pres
ident of the State College of Wash
ington.
The installation of Suzzallo is to be
very elaborate, extending over a per
iod of two days. President Wilbur
will extend greetings on behalf of the
universities of the Pacific Coast.
While at Seattle he will be enter
tained by the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation. After the installation of Hol
land, he will journey to Portland, on
March 25, where he will attend a
Stanford dinner. He returns on the
following Monday.
A second northern trip is scheduled
for President Wilbur in June, for the
purpose of delivering commencement
addresses at the Universities of Ore
gon and Idaho, on June 5 and 7, re
spectively
President Wilbur loaves the campus
next Saturday, bound for Seattle,
Washington. He will attend the in
stallation of Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
'!»9, as president of the University of
Washington, on March 20 and 21, and
will then proceed to Pullman, Wash
ington. to be present at the installa
tion of Earnest Otto Holland, as pres
ident of the State College of Wash
ington.
The installation of Suzzallo is to be
very elaborate, extending over a per
iod of two days. President Wilbur
will extend greetings on behalf of the
universities of the Pacific Coast.
While at Seattle he will be enter
tained by the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation. After the installation of Hol
land, he will journey to Portland, on
March 25, where he will attend a
Stanford dinner. He returns on the
following Monday.
A second northern trip is scheduled
for President Wilbur in June, for the
purpose of delivering commencement
addresses at the Universities of Ore
gon and Idaho, on June 5 and 7, re
spectively
President Wilbur loaves the campus
next Saturday, bound for Seattle,
Washington. He will attend the in
stallation of Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
'!»9, as president of the University of
Washington, on March 20 and 21, and
will then proceed to Pullman, Wash
ington. to be present at the installa
tion of Earnest Otto Holland, as pres
ident of the State College of Wash
ington.
The installation of Suzzallo is to be
very elaborate, extending over a per
iod of two days. President Wilbur
will extend greetings on behalf of the
universities of the Pacific Coast.
While at Seattle he will be enter
tained by the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation. After the installation of Hol
land, he will journey to Portland, on
March 25, where he will attend a
Stanford dinner. He returns on the
following Monday.
A second northern trip is scheduled
for President Wilbur in June, for the
purpose of delivering commencement
addresses at the Universities of Ore
gon and Idaho, on June 5 and 7, re
spectively
President Wilbur loaves the campus
next Saturday, bound for Seattle,
Washington. He will attend the in
stallation of Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
'!»9, as president of the University of
Washington, on March 20 and 21, and
will then proceed to Pullman, Wash
ington. to be present at the installa
tion of Earnest Otto Holland, as pres
ident of the State College of Wash
ington.
The installation of Suzzallo is to be
very elaborate, extending over a per
iod of two days. President Wilbur
will extend greetings on behalf of the
universities of the Pacific Coast.
While at Seattle he will be enter
tained by the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation. After the installation of Hol
land, he will journey to Portland, on
March 25, where he will attend a
Stanford dinner. He returns on the
following Monday.
A second northern trip is scheduled
for President Wilbur in June, for the
purpose of delivering commencement
addresses at the Universities of Ore
gon and Idaho, on June 5 and 7, re
spectively
President Wilbur loaves the campus
next Saturday, bound for Seattle,
Washington. He will attend the in
stallation of Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
'!»9, as president of the University of
Washington, on March 20 and 21, and
will then proceed to Pullman, Wash
ington. to be present at the installa
tion of Earnest Otto Holland, as pres
ident of the State College of Wash
ington.
The installation of Suzzallo is to be
very elaborate, extending over a per
iod of two days. President Wilbur
will extend greetings on behalf of the
universities of the Pacific Coast.
While at Seattle he will be enter
tained by the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation. After the installation of Hol
land, he will journey to Portland, on
March 25, where he will attend a
Stanford dinner. He returns on the
following Monday.
A second northern trip is scheduled
for President Wilbur in June, for the
purpose of delivering commencement
addresses at the Universities of Ore
gon and Idaho, on June 5 and 7, re
spectively
President Wilbur loaves the campus
next Saturday, bound for Seattle,
Washington. He will attend the in
stallation of Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
'!»9, as president of the University of
Washington, on March 20 and 21, and
will then proceed to Pullman, Wash
ington. to be present at the installa
tion of Earnest Otto Holland, as pres
ident of the State College of Wash
ington.
The installation of Suzzallo is to be
very elaborate, extending over a per
iod of two days. President Wilbur
will extend greetings on behalf of the
universities of the Pacific Coast.
While at Seattle he will be enter
tained by the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation. After the installation of Hol
land, he will journey to Portland, on
March 25, where he will attend a
Stanford dinner. He returns on the
following Monday.
A second northern trip is scheduled
for President Wilbur in June, for the
purpose of delivering commencement
addresses at the Universities of Ore
gon and Idaho, on June 5 and 7, re
spectively
President Wilbur loaves the campus
next Saturday, bound for Seattle,
Washington. He will attend the in
stallation of Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
'!»9, as president of the University of
Washington, on March 20 and 21, and
will then proceed to Pullman, Wash
ington. to be present at the installa
tion of Earnest Otto Holland, as pres
ident of the State College of Wash
ington.
The installation of Suzzallo is to be
very elaborate, extending over a per
iod of two days. President Wilbur
will extend greetings on behalf of the
universities of the Pacific Coast.
While at Seattle he will be enter
tained by the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation. After the installation of Hol
land, he will journey to Portland, on
March 25, where he will attend a
Stanford dinner. He returns on the
following Monday.
A second northern trip is scheduled
for President Wilbur in June, for the
purpose of delivering commencement
addresses at the Universities of Ore
gon and Idaho, on June 5 and 7, re
spectively
President Wilbur loaves the campus
next Saturday, bound for Seattle,
Washington. He will attend the in
stallation of Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
'!»9, as president of the University of
Washington, on March 20 and 21, and
will then proceed to Pullman, Wash
ington. to be present at the installa
tion of Earnest Otto Holland, as pres
ident of the State College of Wash
ington.
The installation of Suzzallo is to be
very elaborate, extending over a per
iod of two days. President Wilbur
will extend greetings on behalf of the
universities of the Pacific Coast.
While at Seattle he will be enter
tained by the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation. After the installation of Hol
land, he will journey to Portland, on
March 25, where he will attend a
Stanford dinner. He returns on the
following Monday.
A second northern trip is scheduled
for President Wilbur in June, for the
purpose of delivering commencement
addresses at the Universities of Ore
gon and Idaho, on June 5 and 7, re
spectively
President Wilbur loaves the campus
next Saturday, bound for Seattle,
Washington. He will attend the in
stallation of Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
'!»9, as president of the University of
Washington, on March 20 and 21, and
will then proceed to Pullman, Wash
ington. to be present at the installa
tion of Earnest Otto Holland, as pres
ident of the State College of Wash
ington.
The installation of Suzzallo is to be
very elaborate, extending over a per
iod of two days. President Wilbur
will extend greetings on behalf of the
universities of the Pacific Coast.
While at Seattle he will be enter
tained by the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation. After the installation of Hol
land, he will journey to Portland, on
March 25, where he will attend a
Stanford dinner. He returns on the
following Monday.
A second northern trip is scheduled
for President Wilbur in June, for the
purpose of delivering commencement
addresses at the Universities of Ore
gon and Idaho, on June 5 and 7, re
spectively
President Wilbur loaves the campus
next Saturday, bound for Seattle,
Washington. He will attend the in
stallation of Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
'!»9, as president of the University of
Washington, on March 20 and 21, and
will then proceed to Pullman, Wash
ington. to be present at the installa
tion of Earnest Otto Holland, as pres
ident of the State College of Wash
ington.
The installation of Suzzallo is to be
very elaborate, extending over a per
iod of two days. President Wilbur
will extend greetings on behalf of the
universities of the Pacific Coast.
While at Seattle he will be enter
tained by the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation. After the installation of Hol
land, he will journey to Portland, on
March 25, where he will attend a
Stanford dinner. He returns on the
following Monday.
A second northern trip is scheduled
for President Wilbur in June, for the
purpose of delivering commencement
addresses at the Universities of Ore
gon and Idaho, on June 5 and 7, re
spectively
President Wilbur loaves the campus
next Saturday, bound for Seattle,
Washington. He will attend the in
stallation of Henry Suzzallo, Stanford
'!»9, as president of the University of
Washington, on March 20 and 21, and
will then proceed to Pullman, Wash
ington. to be present at the installa
tion of Earnest Otto Holland, as pres
ident of the State College of Wash
ington.
The installation of Suzzallo is to be
very elaborate, extending over a per
iod of two days. President Wilbur
will extend greetings on behalf of the
universities of the Pacific Coast.
While at Seattle he will be enter
tained by the Stanford Alumni Asso
ciation. After the installation of Hol
land, he will journey to Portland, on
March 25, where he will attend a
Stanford dinner. He returns on the
following Monday.
A second northern trip is scheduled
for President Wilbur in June, for the
purpose of delivering commencement
addresses at the Universities of Ore
gon and Idaho, on June 5 and 7, re
spectively
