# Spooner's Work Described
## 
### 
David Rrainerd Spooner, '99, is the
subject of an article written by Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough, which is
soon to appear in the Stanford Alum
nus. Spooner has recently achieved
fame in India, where he has been ap
pointed Superintendent for Bengal in
the Archaeology department of the
Indian government. His most im
portant work is in connection with
excavation work at Pataliputra, where
he lias made discoveries which have
an important bearing on Persian in
fluence in India. Dr. Spooner is the
author of a valuable work on "The
Zoroastrian Period of Indian His
tory," which has recently been re
ceived here. He has been honored
by a nomination for the Charles Eliot
Norton lectureship in the Archaeolog
ical institute of America.
David Rrainerd Spooner, '99, is the
subject of an article written by Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough, which is
soon to appear in the Stanford Alum
nus. Spooner has recently achieved
fame in India, where he has been ap
pointed Superintendent for Bengal in
the Archaeology department of the
Indian government. His most im
portant work is in connection with
excavation work at Pataliputra, where
he lias made discoveries which have
an important bearing on Persian in
fluence in India. Dr. Spooner is the
author of a valuable work on "The
Zoroastrian Period of Indian His
tory," which has recently been re
ceived here. He has been honored
by a nomination for the Charles Eliot
Norton lectureship in the Archaeolog
ical institute of America.
David Rrainerd Spooner, '99, is the
subject of an article written by Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough, which is
soon to appear in the Stanford Alum
nus. Spooner has recently achieved
fame in India, where he has been ap
pointed Superintendent for Bengal in
the Archaeology department of the
Indian government. His most im
portant work is in connection with
excavation work at Pataliputra, where
he lias made discoveries which have
an important bearing on Persian in
fluence in India. Dr. Spooner is the
author of a valuable work on "The
Zoroastrian Period of Indian His
tory," which has recently been re
ceived here. He has been honored
by a nomination for the Charles Eliot
Norton lectureship in the Archaeolog
ical institute of America.
David Rrainerd Spooner, '99, is the
subject of an article written by Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough, which is
soon to appear in the Stanford Alum
nus. Spooner has recently achieved
fame in India, where he has been ap
pointed Superintendent for Bengal in
the Archaeology department of the
Indian government. His most im
portant work is in connection with
excavation work at Pataliputra, where
he lias made discoveries which have
an important bearing on Persian in
fluence in India. Dr. Spooner is the
author of a valuable work on "The
Zoroastrian Period of Indian His
tory," which has recently been re
ceived here. He has been honored
by a nomination for the Charles Eliot
Norton lectureship in the Archaeolog
ical institute of America.
David Rrainerd Spooner, '99, is the
subject of an article written by Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough, which is
soon to appear in the Stanford Alum
nus. Spooner has recently achieved
fame in India, where he has been ap
pointed Superintendent for Bengal in
the Archaeology department of the
Indian government. His most im
portant work is in connection with
excavation work at Pataliputra, where
he lias made discoveries which have
an important bearing on Persian in
fluence in India. Dr. Spooner is the
author of a valuable work on "The
Zoroastrian Period of Indian His
tory," which has recently been re
ceived here. He has been honored
by a nomination for the Charles Eliot
Norton lectureship in the Archaeolog
ical institute of America.
David Rrainerd Spooner, '99, is the
subject of an article written by Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough, which is
soon to appear in the Stanford Alum
nus. Spooner has recently achieved
fame in India, where he has been ap
pointed Superintendent for Bengal in
the Archaeology department of the
Indian government. His most im
portant work is in connection with
excavation work at Pataliputra, where
he lias made discoveries which have
an important bearing on Persian in
fluence in India. Dr. Spooner is the
author of a valuable work on "The
Zoroastrian Period of Indian His
tory," which has recently been re
ceived here. He has been honored
by a nomination for the Charles Eliot
Norton lectureship in the Archaeolog
ical institute of America.
David Rrainerd Spooner, '99, is the
subject of an article written by Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough, which is
soon to appear in the Stanford Alum
nus. Spooner has recently achieved
fame in India, where he has been ap
pointed Superintendent for Bengal in
the Archaeology department of the
Indian government. His most im
portant work is in connection with
excavation work at Pataliputra, where
he lias made discoveries which have
an important bearing on Persian in
fluence in India. Dr. Spooner is the
author of a valuable work on "The
Zoroastrian Period of Indian His
tory," which has recently been re
ceived here. He has been honored
by a nomination for the Charles Eliot
Norton lectureship in the Archaeolog
ical institute of America.
David Rrainerd Spooner, '99, is the
subject of an article written by Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough, which is
soon to appear in the Stanford Alum
nus. Spooner has recently achieved
fame in India, where he has been ap
pointed Superintendent for Bengal in
the Archaeology department of the
Indian government. His most im
portant work is in connection with
excavation work at Pataliputra, where
he lias made discoveries which have
an important bearing on Persian in
fluence in India. Dr. Spooner is the
author of a valuable work on "The
Zoroastrian Period of Indian His
tory," which has recently been re
ceived here. He has been honored
by a nomination for the Charles Eliot
Norton lectureship in the Archaeolog
ical institute of America.
David Rrainerd Spooner, '99, is the
subject of an article written by Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough, which is
soon to appear in the Stanford Alum
nus. Spooner has recently achieved
fame in India, where he has been ap
pointed Superintendent for Bengal in
the Archaeology department of the
Indian government. His most im
portant work is in connection with
excavation work at Pataliputra, where
he lias made discoveries which have
an important bearing on Persian in
fluence in India. Dr. Spooner is the
author of a valuable work on "The
Zoroastrian Period of Indian His
tory," which has recently been re
ceived here. He has been honored
by a nomination for the Charles Eliot
Norton lectureship in the Archaeolog
ical institute of America.
David Rrainerd Spooner, '99, is the
subject of an article written by Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough, which is
soon to appear in the Stanford Alum
nus. Spooner has recently achieved
fame in India, where he has been ap
pointed Superintendent for Bengal in
the Archaeology department of the
Indian government. His most im
portant work is in connection with
excavation work at Pataliputra, where
he lias made discoveries which have
an important bearing on Persian in
fluence in India. Dr. Spooner is the
author of a valuable work on "The
Zoroastrian Period of Indian His
tory," which has recently been re
ceived here. He has been honored
by a nomination for the Charles Eliot
Norton lectureship in the Archaeolog
ical institute of America.
David Rrainerd Spooner, '99, is the
subject of an article written by Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough, which is
soon to appear in the Stanford Alum
nus. Spooner has recently achieved
fame in India, where he has been ap
pointed Superintendent for Bengal in
the Archaeology department of the
Indian government. His most im
portant work is in connection with
excavation work at Pataliputra, where
he lias made discoveries which have
an important bearing on Persian in
fluence in India. Dr. Spooner is the
author of a valuable work on "The
Zoroastrian Period of Indian His
tory," which has recently been re
ceived here. He has been honored
by a nomination for the Charles Eliot
Norton lectureship in the Archaeolog
ical institute of America.
David Rrainerd Spooner, '99, is the
subject of an article written by Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough, which is
soon to appear in the Stanford Alum
nus. Spooner has recently achieved
fame in India, where he has been ap
pointed Superintendent for Bengal in
the Archaeology department of the
Indian government. His most im
portant work is in connection with
excavation work at Pataliputra, where
he lias made discoveries which have
an important bearing on Persian in
fluence in India. Dr. Spooner is the
author of a valuable work on "The
Zoroastrian Period of Indian His
tory," which has recently been re
ceived here. He has been honored
by a nomination for the Charles Eliot
Norton lectureship in the Archaeolog
ical institute of America.
David Rrainerd Spooner, '99, is the
subject of an article written by Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough, which is
soon to appear in the Stanford Alum
nus. Spooner has recently achieved
fame in India, where he has been ap
pointed Superintendent for Bengal in
the Archaeology department of the
Indian government. His most im
portant work is in connection with
excavation work at Pataliputra, where
he lias made discoveries which have
an important bearing on Persian in
fluence in India. Dr. Spooner is the
author of a valuable work on "The
Zoroastrian Period of Indian His
tory," which has recently been re
ceived here. He has been honored
by a nomination for the Charles Eliot
Norton lectureship in the Archaeolog
ical institute of America.
David Rrainerd Spooner, '99, is the
subject of an article written by Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough, which is
soon to appear in the Stanford Alum
nus. Spooner has recently achieved
fame in India, where he has been ap
pointed Superintendent for Bengal in
the Archaeology department of the
Indian government. His most im
portant work is in connection with
excavation work at Pataliputra, where
he lias made discoveries which have
an important bearing on Persian in
fluence in India. Dr. Spooner is the
author of a valuable work on "The
Zoroastrian Period of Indian His
tory," which has recently been re
ceived here. He has been honored
by a nomination for the Charles Eliot
Norton lectureship in the Archaeolog
ical institute of America.
