# ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCED OF FORMER STANFORD STUDENT
## 
### 
Announcement has been made at
the Acacia fraternity house of the en
gagement of Otto A. Wideman to Miss
Margaret Harding, a graduate of
Washington State University, and
formerly a resident of Palo Alto, who
now resides near Spokane. Wideman,
who was formerly a student in the
University, is now engaged in man
aging the branch store of Wideman &
Son in The Union. The couple will
make their home in Palo Alto.
Announcement has been made at
the Acacia fraternity house of the en
gagement of Otto A. Wideman to Miss
Margaret Harding, a graduate of
Washington State University, and
formerly a resident of Palo Alto, who
now resides near Spokane. Wideman,
who was formerly a student in the
University, is now engaged in man
aging the branch store of Wideman &
Son in The Union. The couple will
make their home in Palo Alto.
Announcement has been made at
the Acacia fraternity house of the en
gagement of Otto A. Wideman to Miss
Margaret Harding, a graduate of
Washington State University, and
formerly a resident of Palo Alto, who
now resides near Spokane. Wideman,
who was formerly a student in the
University, is now engaged in man
aging the branch store of Wideman &
Son in The Union. The couple will
make their home in Palo Alto.
Announcement has been made at
the Acacia fraternity house of the en
gagement of Otto A. Wideman to Miss
Margaret Harding, a graduate of
Washington State University, and
formerly a resident of Palo Alto, who
now resides near Spokane. Wideman,
who was formerly a student in the
University, is now engaged in man
aging the branch store of Wideman &
Son in The Union. The couple will
make their home in Palo Alto.
Announcement has been made at
the Acacia fraternity house of the en
gagement of Otto A. Wideman to Miss
Margaret Harding, a graduate of
Washington State University, and
formerly a resident of Palo Alto, who
now resides near Spokane. Wideman,
who was formerly a student in the
University, is now engaged in man
aging the branch store of Wideman &
Son in The Union. The couple will
make their home in Palo Alto.
Announcement has been made at
the Acacia fraternity house of the en
gagement of Otto A. Wideman to Miss
Margaret Harding, a graduate of
Washington State University, and
formerly a resident of Palo Alto, who
now resides near Spokane. Wideman,
who was formerly a student in the
University, is now engaged in man
aging the branch store of Wideman &
Son in The Union. The couple will
make their home in Palo Alto.
Announcement has been made at
the Acacia fraternity house of the en
gagement of Otto A. Wideman to Miss
Margaret Harding, a graduate of
Washington State University, and
formerly a resident of Palo Alto, who
now resides near Spokane. Wideman,
who was formerly a student in the
University, is now engaged in man
aging the branch store of Wideman &
Son in The Union. The couple will
make their home in Palo Alto.
Announcement has been made at
the Acacia fraternity house of the en
gagement of Otto A. Wideman to Miss
Margaret Harding, a graduate of
Washington State University, and
formerly a resident of Palo Alto, who
now resides near Spokane. Wideman,
who was formerly a student in the
University, is now engaged in man
aging the branch store of Wideman &
Son in The Union. The couple will
make their home in Palo Alto.
Announcement has been made at
the Acacia fraternity house of the en
gagement of Otto A. Wideman to Miss
Margaret Harding, a graduate of
Washington State University, and
formerly a resident of Palo Alto, who
now resides near Spokane. Wideman,
who was formerly a student in the
University, is now engaged in man
aging the branch store of Wideman &
Son in The Union. The couple will
make their home in Palo Alto.
Announcement has been made at
the Acacia fraternity house of the en
gagement of Otto A. Wideman to Miss
Margaret Harding, a graduate of
Washington State University, and
formerly a resident of Palo Alto, who
now resides near Spokane. Wideman,
who was formerly a student in the
University, is now engaged in man
aging the branch store of Wideman &
Son in The Union. The couple will
make their home in Palo Alto.
Announcement has been made at
the Acacia fraternity house of the en
gagement of Otto A. Wideman to Miss
Margaret Harding, a graduate of
Washington State University, and
formerly a resident of Palo Alto, who
now resides near Spokane. Wideman,
who was formerly a student in the
University, is now engaged in man
aging the branch store of Wideman &
Son in The Union. The couple will
make their home in Palo Alto.
Announcement has been made at
the Acacia fraternity house of the en
gagement of Otto A. Wideman to Miss
Margaret Harding, a graduate of
Washington State University, and
formerly a resident of Palo Alto, who
now resides near Spokane. Wideman,
who was formerly a student in the
University, is now engaged in man
aging the branch store of Wideman &
Son in The Union. The couple will
make their home in Palo Alto.
Announcement has been made at
the Acacia fraternity house of the en
gagement of Otto A. Wideman to Miss
Margaret Harding, a graduate of
Washington State University, and
formerly a resident of Palo Alto, who
now resides near Spokane. Wideman,
who was formerly a student in the
University, is now engaged in man
aging the branch store of Wideman &
Son in The Union. The couple will
make their home in Palo Alto.
Announcement has been made at
the Acacia fraternity house of the en
gagement of Otto A. Wideman to Miss
Margaret Harding, a graduate of
Washington State University, and
formerly a resident of Palo Alto, who
now resides near Spokane. Wideman,
who was formerly a student in the
University, is now engaged in man
aging the branch store of Wideman &
Son in The Union. The couple will
make their home in Palo Alto.
