# KING CRITICIZED
## 
### 
OTTAWA, Nov. 30 (U.R) — Primt
Minister McKenzie King's adminis
tration was subjected to scathing
criticism in the Canadian House of
Commons today by a member of the
Progressive-Conservative oppositior
and a representative of the prime
minister's own Liberal party an
nounced he would not support thi
government motion for a vote ot
confidence on overseas conscription.
OTTAWA, Nov. 30 (U.R) — Primt
Minister McKenzie King's adminis
tration was subjected to scathing
criticism in the Canadian House of
Commons today by a member of the
Progressive-Conservative oppositior
and a representative of the prime
minister's own Liberal party an
nounced he would not support thi
government motion for a vote ot
confidence on overseas conscription.
OTTAWA, Nov. 30 (U.R) — Primt
Minister McKenzie King's adminis
tration was subjected to scathing
criticism in the Canadian House of
Commons today by a member of the
Progressive-Conservative oppositior
and a representative of the prime
minister's own Liberal party an
nounced he would not support thi
government motion for a vote ot
confidence on overseas conscription.
OTTAWA, Nov. 30 (U.R) — Primt
Minister McKenzie King's adminis
tration was subjected to scathing
criticism in the Canadian House of
Commons today by a member of the
Progressive-Conservative oppositior
and a representative of the prime
minister's own Liberal party an
nounced he would not support thi
government motion for a vote ot
confidence on overseas conscription.
OTTAWA, Nov. 30 (U.R) — Primt
Minister McKenzie King's adminis
tration was subjected to scathing
criticism in the Canadian House of
Commons today by a member of the
Progressive-Conservative oppositior
and a representative of the prime
minister's own Liberal party an
nounced he would not support thi
government motion for a vote ot
confidence on overseas conscription.
OTTAWA, Nov. 30 (U.R) — Primt
Minister McKenzie King's adminis
tration was subjected to scathing
criticism in the Canadian House of
Commons today by a member of the
Progressive-Conservative oppositior
and a representative of the prime
minister's own Liberal party an
nounced he would not support thi
government motion for a vote ot
confidence on overseas conscription.
OTTAWA, Nov. 30 (U.R) — Primt
Minister McKenzie King's adminis
tration was subjected to scathing
criticism in the Canadian House of
Commons today by a member of the
Progressive-Conservative oppositior
and a representative of the prime
minister's own Liberal party an
nounced he would not support thi
government motion for a vote ot
confidence on overseas conscription.
OTTAWA, Nov. 30 (U.R) — Primt
Minister McKenzie King's adminis
tration was subjected to scathing
criticism in the Canadian House of
Commons today by a member of the
Progressive-Conservative oppositior
and a representative of the prime
minister's own Liberal party an
nounced he would not support thi
government motion for a vote ot
confidence on overseas conscription.
OTTAWA, Nov. 30 (U.R) — Primt
Minister McKenzie King's adminis
tration was subjected to scathing
criticism in the Canadian House of
Commons today by a member of the
Progressive-Conservative oppositior
and a representative of the prime
minister's own Liberal party an
nounced he would not support thi
government motion for a vote ot
confidence on overseas conscription.
OTTAWA, Nov. 30 (U.R) — Primt
Minister McKenzie King's adminis
tration was subjected to scathing
criticism in the Canadian House of
Commons today by a member of the
Progressive-Conservative oppositior
and a representative of the prime
minister's own Liberal party an
nounced he would not support thi
government motion for a vote ot
confidence on overseas conscription.
OTTAWA, Nov. 30 (U.R) — Primt
Minister McKenzie King's adminis
tration was subjected to scathing
criticism in the Canadian House of
Commons today by a member of the
Progressive-Conservative oppositior
and a representative of the prime
minister's own Liberal party an
nounced he would not support thi
government motion for a vote ot
confidence on overseas conscription.
OTTAWA, Nov. 30 (U.R) — Primt
Minister McKenzie King's adminis
tration was subjected to scathing
criticism in the Canadian House of
Commons today by a member of the
Progressive-Conservative oppositior
and a representative of the prime
minister's own Liberal party an
nounced he would not support thi
government motion for a vote ot
confidence on overseas conscription.
OTTAWA, Nov. 30 (U.R) — Primt
Minister McKenzie King's adminis
tration was subjected to scathing
criticism in the Canadian House of
Commons today by a member of the
Progressive-Conservative oppositior
and a representative of the prime
minister's own Liberal party an
nounced he would not support thi
government motion for a vote ot
confidence on overseas conscription.
OTTAWA, Nov. 30 (U.R) — Primt
Minister McKenzie King's adminis
tration was subjected to scathing
criticism in the Canadian House of
Commons today by a member of the
Progressive-Conservative oppositior
and a representative of the prime
minister's own Liberal party an
nounced he would not support thi
government motion for a vote ot
confidence on overseas conscription.
OTTAWA, Nov. 30 (U.R) — Primt
Minister McKenzie King's adminis
tration was subjected to scathing
criticism in the Canadian House of
Commons today by a member of the
Progressive-Conservative oppositior
and a representative of the prime
minister's own Liberal party an
nounced he would not support thi
government motion for a vote ot
confidence on overseas conscription.
OTTAWA, Nov. 30 (U.R) — Primt
Minister McKenzie King's adminis
tration was subjected to scathing
criticism in the Canadian House of
Commons today by a member of the
Progressive-Conservative oppositior
and a representative of the prime
minister's own Liberal party an
nounced he would not support thi
government motion for a vote ot
confidence on overseas conscription.
