# Schubert Club Holds Meeting.
## 
### 
The first, meeting of the Schubert
Club was held last evening at the
Kappa Kappa Gamma house. It was
decided to meet every Wednesday at
7:15 and, until a piano can be pro
cured for the History building, to
practice in the Chapel. Music was
distributed and work will begin im
mediately under the direction of Pro
fessor Roberts.
The following officers were elect
ed: president, Miss A. Shinn, '09;
business manager and treasurer, Miss
S. H. Starr, '09; secretary, Miss M.
Hayden, '09; librarian, Miss A. Han
na, '09. The president appointed the
following committee to draw up a
constitution and to submit it at the
next meeting of the club: Miss R-
Sterne, '0 9, chairman; Miss E. Rich
ardson, '11, Miss J. Derby, '08, Miss
M. Hayden, '09, and Miss F. Forbes,
'09.
The first, meeting of the Schubert
Club was held last evening at the
Kappa Kappa Gamma house. It was
decided to meet every Wednesday at
7:15 and, until a piano can be pro
cured for the History building, to
practice in the Chapel. Music was
distributed and work will begin im
mediately under the direction of Pro
fessor Roberts.
The following officers were elect
ed: president, Miss A. Shinn, '09;
business manager and treasurer, Miss
S. H. Starr, '09; secretary, Miss M.
Hayden, '09; librarian, Miss A. Han
na, '09. The president appointed the
following committee to draw up a
constitution and to submit it at the
next meeting of the club: Miss R-
Sterne, '0 9, chairman; Miss E. Rich
ardson, '11, Miss J. Derby, '08, Miss
M. Hayden, '09, and Miss F. Forbes,
'09.
The first, meeting of the Schubert
Club was held last evening at the
Kappa Kappa Gamma house. It was
decided to meet every Wednesday at
7:15 and, until a piano can be pro
cured for the History building, to
practice in the Chapel. Music was
distributed and work will begin im
mediately under the direction of Pro
fessor Roberts.
The following officers were elect
ed: president, Miss A. Shinn, '09;
business manager and treasurer, Miss
S. H. Starr, '09; secretary, Miss M.
Hayden, '09; librarian, Miss A. Han
na, '09. The president appointed the
following committee to draw up a
constitution and to submit it at the
next meeting of the club: Miss R-
Sterne, '0 9, chairman; Miss E. Rich
ardson, '11, Miss J. Derby, '08, Miss
M. Hayden, '09, and Miss F. Forbes,
'09.
The first, meeting of the Schubert
Club was held last evening at the
Kappa Kappa Gamma house. It was
decided to meet every Wednesday at
7:15 and, until a piano can be pro
cured for the History building, to
practice in the Chapel. Music was
distributed and work will begin im
mediately under the direction of Pro
fessor Roberts.
The following officers were elect
ed: president, Miss A. Shinn, '09;
business manager and treasurer, Miss
S. H. Starr, '09; secretary, Miss M.
Hayden, '09; librarian, Miss A. Han
na, '09. The president appointed the
following committee to draw up a
constitution and to submit it at the
next meeting of the club: Miss R-
Sterne, '0 9, chairman; Miss E. Rich
ardson, '11, Miss J. Derby, '08, Miss
M. Hayden, '09, and Miss F. Forbes,
'09.
The first, meeting of the Schubert
Club was held last evening at the
Kappa Kappa Gamma house. It was
decided to meet every Wednesday at
7:15 and, until a piano can be pro
cured for the History building, to
practice in the Chapel. Music was
distributed and work will begin im
mediately under the direction of Pro
fessor Roberts.
The following officers were elect
ed: president, Miss A. Shinn, '09;
business manager and treasurer, Miss
S. H. Starr, '09; secretary, Miss M.
Hayden, '09; librarian, Miss A. Han
na, '09. The president appointed the
following committee to draw up a
constitution and to submit it at the
next meeting of the club: Miss R-
Sterne, '0 9, chairman; Miss E. Rich
ardson, '11, Miss J. Derby, '08, Miss
M. Hayden, '09, and Miss F. Forbes,
'09.
The first, meeting of the Schubert
Club was held last evening at the
Kappa Kappa Gamma house. It was
decided to meet every Wednesday at
7:15 and, until a piano can be pro
cured for the History building, to
practice in the Chapel. Music was
distributed and work will begin im
mediately under the direction of Pro
fessor Roberts.
The following officers were elect
ed: president, Miss A. Shinn, '09;
business manager and treasurer, Miss
S. H. Starr, '09; secretary, Miss M.
Hayden, '09; librarian, Miss A. Han
na, '09. The president appointed the
following committee to draw up a
constitution and to submit it at the
next meeting of the club: Miss R-
Sterne, '0 9, chairman; Miss E. Rich
ardson, '11, Miss J. Derby, '08, Miss
M. Hayden, '09, and Miss F. Forbes,
'09.
The first, meeting of the Schubert
Club was held last evening at the
Kappa Kappa Gamma house. It was
decided to meet every Wednesday at
7:15 and, until a piano can be pro
cured for the History building, to
practice in the Chapel. Music was
distributed and work will begin im
mediately under the direction of Pro
fessor Roberts.
The following officers were elect
ed: president, Miss A. Shinn, '09;
business manager and treasurer, Miss
S. H. Starr, '09; secretary, Miss M.
Hayden, '09; librarian, Miss A. Han
na, '09. The president appointed the
following committee to draw up a
constitution and to submit it at the
next meeting of the club: Miss R-
Sterne, '0 9, chairman; Miss E. Rich
ardson, '11, Miss J. Derby, '08, Miss
M. Hayden, '09, and Miss F. Forbes,
'09.
The first, meeting of the Schubert
Club was held last evening at the
Kappa Kappa Gamma house. It was
decided to meet every Wednesday at
7:15 and, until a piano can be pro
cured for the History building, to
practice in the Chapel. Music was
distributed and work will begin im
mediately under the direction of Pro
fessor Roberts.
The following officers were elect
ed: president, Miss A. Shinn, '09;
business manager and treasurer, Miss
S. H. Starr, '09; secretary, Miss M.
Hayden, '09; librarian, Miss A. Han
na, '09. The president appointed the
following committee to draw up a
constitution and to submit it at the
next meeting of the club: Miss R-
Sterne, '0 9, chairman; Miss E. Rich
ardson, '11, Miss J. Derby, '08, Miss
M. Hayden, '09, and Miss F. Forbes,
'09.
The first, meeting of the Schubert
Club was held last evening at the
Kappa Kappa Gamma house. It was
decided to meet every Wednesday at
7:15 and, until a piano can be pro
cured for the History building, to
practice in the Chapel. Music was
distributed and work will begin im
mediately under the direction of Pro
fessor Roberts.
The following officers were elect
ed: president, Miss A. Shinn, '09;
business manager and treasurer, Miss
S. H. Starr, '09; secretary, Miss M.
Hayden, '09; librarian, Miss A. Han
na, '09. The president appointed the
following committee to draw up a
constitution and to submit it at the
next meeting of the club: Miss R-
Sterne, '0 9, chairman; Miss E. Rich
ardson, '11, Miss J. Derby, '08, Miss
M. Hayden, '09, and Miss F. Forbes,
'09.
