# Adv. 30 Page 13
## 
### 
I
• ' I
; Exam nights are bad
nights for just about
anything. (Except
Kentucky Fried Chicken.)
! Visit the Colonel
2305 El Camino, Palo Alto
/
I
• ' I
; Exam nights are bad
nights for just about
anything. (Except
Kentucky Fried Chicken.)
! Visit the Colonel
2305 El Camino, Palo Alto
/
I
• ' I
; Exam nights are bad
nights for just about
anything. (Except
Kentucky Fried Chicken.)
! Visit the Colonel
2305 El Camino, Palo Alto
/
I
• ' I
; Exam nights are bad
nights for just about
anything. (Except
Kentucky Fried Chicken.)
! Visit the Colonel
2305 El Camino, Palo Alto
/
I
• ' I
; Exam nights are bad
nights for just about
anything. (Except
Kentucky Fried Chicken.)
! Visit the Colonel
2305 El Camino, Palo Alto
/
I
• ' I
; Exam nights are bad
nights for just about
anything. (Except
Kentucky Fried Chicken.)
! Visit the Colonel
2305 El Camino, Palo Alto
/
I
• ' I
; Exam nights are bad
nights for just about
anything. (Except
Kentucky Fried Chicken.)
! Visit the Colonel
2305 El Camino, Palo Alto
/
I
• ' I
; Exam nights are bad
nights for just about
anything. (Except
Kentucky Fried Chicken.)
! Visit the Colonel
2305 El Camino, Palo Alto
/
I
• ' I
; Exam nights are bad
nights for just about
anything. (Except
Kentucky Fried Chicken.)
! Visit the Colonel
2305 El Camino, Palo Alto
/
I
• ' I
; Exam nights are bad
nights for just about
anything. (Except
Kentucky Fried Chicken.)
! Visit the Colonel
2305 El Camino, Palo Alto
/
I
• ' I
; Exam nights are bad
nights for just about
anything. (Except
Kentucky Fried Chicken.)
! Visit the Colonel
2305 El Camino, Palo Alto
/
I
• ' I
; Exam nights are bad
nights for just about
anything. (Except
Kentucky Fried Chicken.)
! Visit the Colonel
2305 El Camino, Palo Alto
/
I
• ' I
; Exam nights are bad
nights for just about
anything. (Except
Kentucky Fried Chicken.)
! Visit the Colonel
2305 El Camino, Palo Alto
/
