# CHRISTIAN FELLOWSHIP
## 
### 
The place for the winter quarter
retreat, today to Sunday, has been
changed to Mount Hermon Camp
Grounds. Plenty of warm blankets
will be supplied there. The group
leaves the Women's Clubhouse at 7
p.m. today.
The place for the winter quarter
retreat, today to Sunday, has been
changed to Mount Hermon Camp
Grounds. Plenty of warm blankets
will be supplied there. The group
leaves the Women's Clubhouse at 7
p.m. today.
The place for the winter quarter
retreat, today to Sunday, has been
changed to Mount Hermon Camp
Grounds. Plenty of warm blankets
will be supplied there. The group
leaves the Women's Clubhouse at 7
p.m. today.
The place for the winter quarter
retreat, today to Sunday, has been
changed to Mount Hermon Camp
Grounds. Plenty of warm blankets
will be supplied there. The group
leaves the Women's Clubhouse at 7
p.m. today.
The place for the winter quarter
retreat, today to Sunday, has been
changed to Mount Hermon Camp
Grounds. Plenty of warm blankets
will be supplied there. The group
leaves the Women's Clubhouse at 7
p.m. today.
The place for the winter quarter
retreat, today to Sunday, has been
changed to Mount Hermon Camp
Grounds. Plenty of warm blankets
will be supplied there. The group
leaves the Women's Clubhouse at 7
p.m. today.
The place for the winter quarter
retreat, today to Sunday, has been
changed to Mount Hermon Camp
Grounds. Plenty of warm blankets
will be supplied there. The group
leaves the Women's Clubhouse at 7
p.m. today.
The place for the winter quarter
retreat, today to Sunday, has been
changed to Mount Hermon Camp
Grounds. Plenty of warm blankets
will be supplied there. The group
leaves the Women's Clubhouse at 7
p.m. today.
The place for the winter quarter
retreat, today to Sunday, has been
changed to Mount Hermon Camp
Grounds. Plenty of warm blankets
will be supplied there. The group
leaves the Women's Clubhouse at 7
p.m. today.
The place for the winter quarter
retreat, today to Sunday, has been
changed to Mount Hermon Camp
Grounds. Plenty of warm blankets
will be supplied there. The group
leaves the Women's Clubhouse at 7
p.m. today.
The place for the winter quarter
retreat, today to Sunday, has been
changed to Mount Hermon Camp
Grounds. Plenty of warm blankets
will be supplied there. The group
leaves the Women's Clubhouse at 7
p.m. today.
The place for the winter quarter
retreat, today to Sunday, has been
changed to Mount Hermon Camp
Grounds. Plenty of warm blankets
will be supplied there. The group
leaves the Women's Clubhouse at 7
p.m. today.
The place for the winter quarter
retreat, today to Sunday, has been
changed to Mount Hermon Camp
Grounds. Plenty of warm blankets
will be supplied there. The group
leaves the Women's Clubhouse at 7
p.m. today.
The place for the winter quarter
retreat, today to Sunday, has been
changed to Mount Hermon Camp
Grounds. Plenty of warm blankets
will be supplied there. The group
leaves the Women's Clubhouse at 7
p.m. today.
The place for the winter quarter
retreat, today to Sunday, has been
changed to Mount Hermon Camp
Grounds. Plenty of warm blankets
will be supplied there. The group
leaves the Women's Clubhouse at 7
p.m. today.
