# San Francisco Theaters.
## 
### 
Columbia.— Frank Daniels in
"Miss Simplicity."
Central.—"Cross Roads of Life."
Orpheum.— Continuous Vaude
ville.
Tivoli. — "Jack and the Bean
stalk."
Republic. — "My Wife's Hus
band."
Grand.—Nance O'Neil in "Mac
beth."
Fischer's. — "Barbara Fidgety."
California. — "The Telephone
Girl."
Alcazar. —"Tennessee's Pardner."
Columbia.— Frank Daniels in
"Miss Simplicity."
Central.—"Cross Roads of Life."
Orpheum.— Continuous Vaude
ville.
Tivoli. — "Jack and the Bean
stalk."
Republic. — "My Wife's Hus
band."
Grand.—Nance O'Neil in "Mac
beth."
Fischer's. — "Barbara Fidgety."
California. — "The Telephone
Girl."
Alcazar. —"Tennessee's Pardner."
Columbia.— Frank Daniels in
"Miss Simplicity."
Central.—"Cross Roads of Life."
Orpheum.— Continuous Vaude
ville.
Tivoli. — "Jack and the Bean
stalk."
Republic. — "My Wife's Hus
band."
Grand.—Nance O'Neil in "Mac
beth."
Fischer's. — "Barbara Fidgety."
California. — "The Telephone
Girl."
Alcazar. —"Tennessee's Pardner."
Columbia.— Frank Daniels in
"Miss Simplicity."
Central.—"Cross Roads of Life."
Orpheum.— Continuous Vaude
ville.
Tivoli. — "Jack and the Bean
stalk."
Republic. — "My Wife's Hus
band."
Grand.—Nance O'Neil in "Mac
beth."
Fischer's. — "Barbara Fidgety."
California. — "The Telephone
Girl."
Alcazar. —"Tennessee's Pardner."
Columbia.— Frank Daniels in
"Miss Simplicity."
Central.—"Cross Roads of Life."
Orpheum.— Continuous Vaude
ville.
Tivoli. — "Jack and the Bean
stalk."
Republic. — "My Wife's Hus
band."
Grand.—Nance O'Neil in "Mac
beth."
Fischer's. — "Barbara Fidgety."
California. — "The Telephone
Girl."
Alcazar. —"Tennessee's Pardner."
Columbia.— Frank Daniels in
"Miss Simplicity."
Central.—"Cross Roads of Life."
Orpheum.— Continuous Vaude
ville.
Tivoli. — "Jack and the Bean
stalk."
Republic. — "My Wife's Hus
band."
Grand.—Nance O'Neil in "Mac
beth."
Fischer's. — "Barbara Fidgety."
California. — "The Telephone
Girl."
Alcazar. —"Tennessee's Pardner."
Columbia.— Frank Daniels in
"Miss Simplicity."
Central.—"Cross Roads of Life."
Orpheum.— Continuous Vaude
ville.
Tivoli. — "Jack and the Bean
stalk."
Republic. — "My Wife's Hus
band."
Grand.—Nance O'Neil in "Mac
beth."
Fischer's. — "Barbara Fidgety."
California. — "The Telephone
Girl."
Alcazar. —"Tennessee's Pardner."
Columbia.— Frank Daniels in
"Miss Simplicity."
Central.—"Cross Roads of Life."
Orpheum.— Continuous Vaude
ville.
Tivoli. — "Jack and the Bean
stalk."
Republic. — "My Wife's Hus
band."
Grand.—Nance O'Neil in "Mac
beth."
Fischer's. — "Barbara Fidgety."
California. — "The Telephone
Girl."
Alcazar. —"Tennessee's Pardner."
