# Adv. 32 Page 6
## 
### 
THEATRE
k'J.flSAaly CALIF. AVE. I
F.iCNI 5 777 PALO ALTO I
Under the same manage
ment as the Mcnlo Thea
tre wPio have installed
new ventilating equip
ment
I
R.C.A. HiCH FIDELITY
SOUND SYSTEM
NEW SEATS
NOW PLAYING
|ANET GAYNOR
ROBERT TAYLOR
in
"SMALL TOWN
GSRL"
THEATRE
k'J.flSAaly CALIF. AVE. I
F.iCNI 5 777 PALO ALTO I
Under the same manage
ment as the Mcnlo Thea
tre wPio have installed
new ventilating equip
ment
I
R.C.A. HiCH FIDELITY
SOUND SYSTEM
NEW SEATS
NOW PLAYING
|ANET GAYNOR
ROBERT TAYLOR
in
"SMALL TOWN
GSRL"
THEATRE
k'J.flSAaly CALIF. AVE. I
F.iCNI 5 777 PALO ALTO I
Under the same manage
ment as the Mcnlo Thea
tre wPio have installed
new ventilating equip
ment
I
R.C.A. HiCH FIDELITY
SOUND SYSTEM
NEW SEATS
NOW PLAYING
|ANET GAYNOR
ROBERT TAYLOR
in
"SMALL TOWN
GSRL"
THEATRE
k'J.flSAaly CALIF. AVE. I
F.iCNI 5 777 PALO ALTO I
Under the same manage
ment as the Mcnlo Thea
tre wPio have installed
new ventilating equip
ment
I
R.C.A. HiCH FIDELITY
SOUND SYSTEM
NEW SEATS
NOW PLAYING
|ANET GAYNOR
ROBERT TAYLOR
in
"SMALL TOWN
GSRL"
THEATRE
k'J.flSAaly CALIF. AVE. I
F.iCNI 5 777 PALO ALTO I
Under the same manage
ment as the Mcnlo Thea
tre wPio have installed
new ventilating equip
ment
I
R.C.A. HiCH FIDELITY
SOUND SYSTEM
NEW SEATS
NOW PLAYING
|ANET GAYNOR
ROBERT TAYLOR
in
"SMALL TOWN
GSRL"
THEATRE
k'J.flSAaly CALIF. AVE. I
F.iCNI 5 777 PALO ALTO I
Under the same manage
ment as the Mcnlo Thea
tre wPio have installed
new ventilating equip
ment
I
R.C.A. HiCH FIDELITY
SOUND SYSTEM
NEW SEATS
NOW PLAYING
|ANET GAYNOR
ROBERT TAYLOR
in
"SMALL TOWN
GSRL"
THEATRE
k'J.flSAaly CALIF. AVE. I
F.iCNI 5 777 PALO ALTO I
Under the same manage
ment as the Mcnlo Thea
tre wPio have installed
new ventilating equip
ment
I
R.C.A. HiCH FIDELITY
SOUND SYSTEM
NEW SEATS
NOW PLAYING
|ANET GAYNOR
ROBERT TAYLOR
in
"SMALL TOWN
GSRL"
THEATRE
k'J.flSAaly CALIF. AVE. I
F.iCNI 5 777 PALO ALTO I
Under the same manage
ment as the Mcnlo Thea
tre wPio have installed
new ventilating equip
ment
I
R.C.A. HiCH FIDELITY
SOUND SYSTEM
NEW SEATS
NOW PLAYING
|ANET GAYNOR
ROBERT TAYLOR
in
"SMALL TOWN
GSRL"
THEATRE
k'J.flSAaly CALIF. AVE. I
F.iCNI 5 777 PALO ALTO I
Under the same manage
ment as the Mcnlo Thea
tre wPio have installed
new ventilating equip
ment
I
R.C.A. HiCH FIDELITY
SOUND SYSTEM
NEW SEATS
NOW PLAYING
|ANET GAYNOR
ROBERT TAYLOR
in
"SMALL TOWN
GSRL"
THEATRE
k'J.flSAaly CALIF. AVE. I
F.iCNI 5 777 PALO ALTO I
Under the same manage
ment as the Mcnlo Thea
tre wPio have installed
new ventilating equip
ment
I
R.C.A. HiCH FIDELITY
SOUND SYSTEM
NEW SEATS
NOW PLAYING
|ANET GAYNOR
ROBERT TAYLOR
in
"SMALL TOWN
GSRL"
THEATRE
k'J.flSAaly CALIF. AVE. I
F.iCNI 5 777 PALO ALTO I
Under the same manage
ment as the Mcnlo Thea
tre wPio have installed
new ventilating equip
ment
I
R.C.A. HiCH FIDELITY
SOUND SYSTEM
NEW SEATS
NOW PLAYING
|ANET GAYNOR
ROBERT TAYLOR
in
"SMALL TOWN
GSRL"
THEATRE
k'J.flSAaly CALIF. AVE. I
F.iCNI 5 777 PALO ALTO I
Under the same manage
ment as the Mcnlo Thea
tre wPio have installed
new ventilating equip
ment
I
R.C.A. HiCH FIDELITY
SOUND SYSTEM
NEW SEATS
NOW PLAYING
|ANET GAYNOR
ROBERT TAYLOR
in
"SMALL TOWN
GSRL"
THEATRE
k'J.flSAaly CALIF. AVE. I
F.iCNI 5 777 PALO ALTO I
Under the same manage
ment as the Mcnlo Thea
tre wPio have installed
new ventilating equip
ment
I
R.C.A. HiCH FIDELITY
SOUND SYSTEM
NEW SEATS
NOW PLAYING
|ANET GAYNOR
ROBERT TAYLOR
in
"SMALL TOWN
GSRL"
THEATRE
k'J.flSAaly CALIF. AVE. I
F.iCNI 5 777 PALO ALTO I
Under the same manage
ment as the Mcnlo Thea
tre wPio have installed
new ventilating equip
ment
I
R.C.A. HiCH FIDELITY
SOUND SYSTEM
NEW SEATS
NOW PLAYING
|ANET GAYNOR
ROBERT TAYLOR
in
"SMALL TOWN
GSRL"
THEATRE
k'J.flSAaly CALIF. AVE. I
F.iCNI 5 777 PALO ALTO I
Under the same manage
ment as the Mcnlo Thea
tre wPio have installed
new ventilating equip
ment
I
R.C.A. HiCH FIDELITY
SOUND SYSTEM
NEW SEATS
NOW PLAYING
|ANET GAYNOR
ROBERT TAYLOR
in
"SMALL TOWN
GSRL"
THEATRE
k'J.flSAaly CALIF. AVE. I
F.iCNI 5 777 PALO ALTO I
Under the same manage
ment as the Mcnlo Thea
tre wPio have installed
new ventilating equip
ment
I
R.C.A. HiCH FIDELITY
SOUND SYSTEM
NEW SEATS
NOW PLAYING
|ANET GAYNOR
ROBERT TAYLOR
in
"SMALL TOWN
GSRL"
