# THE 						REVIEWER
## 
### 
Heading a very eventful season of
music this summer was an excellent
Schubert cycle, presented on the
Stanford campus during June and
July. The South Mountain Ensemble
gave the first performance in the
series, while the more famous Pro
Arte Quartet concluded with three
concerts.
In addition, summer symphonies
were given in the Woodland Theater
at Hillsborough on successive Sun
day afternoons from July 26 to Au
gust 9. Ernst Ansermet, a foreign
importation, Willem Van den Burg,
and Eugene Goosens conducted the
four programs.
Also worthy of note were the Sun
day afternoon concerts of the PWA
orchestra in the Palo Alto Commu
nity Theater and the bi-weekly or
gan recitals in the Stanford Chapel
with Warren D. Allen and Raymond
Kendall of the music department
performing. â€”Bird
