# Bitter at Germany
## 
### 

JOHN G. SIMPSON, father of
Lawrence Simpson, American
sailor who was sentenced to
serve three years in a German
prison. The father at his Kirk
land. Washington, home was an
gry at the court's action.

JOHN G. SIMPSON, father of
Lawrence Simpson, American
sailor who was sentenced to
serve three years in a German
prison. The father at his Kirk
land. Washington, home was an
gry at the court's action.

JOHN G. SIMPSON, father of
Lawrence Simpson, American
sailor who was sentenced to
serve three years in a German
prison. The father at his Kirk
land. Washington, home was an
gry at the court's action.

JOHN G. SIMPSON, father of
Lawrence Simpson, American
sailor who was sentenced to
serve three years in a German
prison. The father at his Kirk
land. Washington, home was an
gry at the court's action.

JOHN G. SIMPSON, father of
Lawrence Simpson, American
sailor who was sentenced to
serve three years in a German
prison. The father at his Kirk
land. Washington, home was an
gry at the court's action.

JOHN G. SIMPSON, father of
Lawrence Simpson, American
sailor who was sentenced to
serve three years in a German
prison. The father at his Kirk
land. Washington, home was an
gry at the court's action.

JOHN G. SIMPSON, father of
Lawrence Simpson, American
sailor who was sentenced to
serve three years in a German
prison. The father at his Kirk
land. Washington, home was an
gry at the court's action.

JOHN G. SIMPSON, father of
Lawrence Simpson, American
sailor who was sentenced to
serve three years in a German
prison. The father at his Kirk
land. Washington, home was an
gry at the court's action.

JOHN G. SIMPSON, father of
Lawrence Simpson, American
sailor who was sentenced to
serve three years in a German
prison. The father at his Kirk
land. Washington, home was an
gry at the court's action.

JOHN G. SIMPSON, father of
Lawrence Simpson, American
sailor who was sentenced to
serve three years in a German
prison. The father at his Kirk
land. Washington, home was an
gry at the court's action.

JOHN G. SIMPSON, father of
Lawrence Simpson, American
sailor who was sentenced to
serve three years in a German
prison. The father at his Kirk
land. Washington, home was an
gry at the court's action.

JOHN G. SIMPSON, father of
Lawrence Simpson, American
sailor who was sentenced to
serve three years in a German
prison. The father at his Kirk
land. Washington, home was an
gry at the court's action.

JOHN G. SIMPSON, father of
Lawrence Simpson, American
sailor who was sentenced to
serve three years in a German
prison. The father at his Kirk
land. Washington, home was an
gry at the court's action.

JOHN G. SIMPSON, father of
Lawrence Simpson, American
sailor who was sentenced to
serve three years in a German
prison. The father at his Kirk
land. Washington, home was an
gry at the court's action.

JOHN G. SIMPSON, father of
Lawrence Simpson, American
sailor who was sentenced to
serve three years in a German
prison. The father at his Kirk
land. Washington, home was an
gry at the court's action.

JOHN G. SIMPSON, father of
Lawrence Simpson, American
sailor who was sentenced to
serve three years in a German
prison. The father at his Kirk
land. Washington, home was an
gry at the court's action.
