# War Uncertain, Say Sellards, Swain, Returned from Europe
## Stanford Profs Report Continental Situation 
### Allen Drury 
Will the four men who control
Europe's three hundred millions
send their nations marching once
more into chaos?
It is a question no one can answer,
according to two members of Stan
lord's laculty, Professor J. S. Sel
lards and Dr. Robert E. Swain, who
have recently returned from abroad
Professor J. S. SellarcLÂ» of the
Romanic Languages department,
who attended League Assembly
meetings at Geneva in July, gave it
as his opinion that:
"There is a general atmosphere of
hatred and distrust throughout the
Continent, with the possible excep
tion of England. The breakdown of
the League has precipitated a new
crisis."
Belgium Well OH
Professor Sellards studied in
France, Switzerland, the British
Isles, and Belgium. In Belgium,
which he found to offer a great con
trast to the rest of Europe as far as
prosperity and well-being were con
cerned, he studied at the Universi
ties of Ghent and Brussels. As a
concession to the Flemish element of
the Belgian population, Ghent has
now become the only Flemish uni
versity in Europe; consequently it
has lost many of its students.
Swain Tours Europe
Dr. Robert E. Swain of the Chem
istry department went to Europe for
the purpose of attending two inter
national conferences, the Interna
tional Conference on Higher Edu
cation, held at Heidelburg in June,
and the International Union of
Chemistry, held at Lucerne. The
latter gathering brought together a
limited number of official delegates
from approximately thirty nations.
After the conclusion of the con
ferences, Dr. and Mrs. Swain en
joyed an 8500-mile auto tour of
Central Europe, including the Scan
dinavian countries. Of the nations
visited, Dr. Swain found Finland the
fcnost interesting. All the Scandina
vian countries he found markedly
progressive, prosperous, and abso
lutely free of unemployment.
Traveling as he did across the
Continent, talking to all kinds of
people in the towns and villages he
passed through, Dr. Swain was able
to lorm an opinion concerning the
ones who will suffer if Europe goes
to war again. *
Politicos Guilty
"Politically," he stated, "the situ
ation is both tense and confu&ed.
However, among the people at large
I am sure there is less concern over
the international situation and less
bitterness than I found in Europe
two years ago. Many steadying in
fluences are undoubtedly at work."
