# Giant Army Planes Assembly Rushed
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Oct. 1 (U.P.)—Boeing
Aircraft Co. mechanics today rushed
assembly of the first of 13 giant IG
ton bombing planes being built for
the United States Army.
Tat- aniiv hupta lu be- able to use
the new planes to strengthen de
fenses in Alaska, aPnama, and Ha
waii. Able to fly non-stop, to drop
2000 pounds of bombs on a target
1500 miles away and return to their
base, the planes will also be equip
ped with effective defense arma
ment.
SEATTLE, Oct. 1 (U.P.)—Boeing
Aircraft Co. mechanics today rushed
assembly of the first of 13 giant IG
ton bombing planes being built for
the United States Army.
Tat- aniiv hupta lu be- able to use
the new planes to strengthen de
fenses in Alaska, aPnama, and Ha
waii. Able to fly non-stop, to drop
2000 pounds of bombs on a target
1500 miles away and return to their
base, the planes will also be equip
ped with effective defense arma
ment.
SEATTLE, Oct. 1 (U.P.)—Boeing
Aircraft Co. mechanics today rushed
assembly of the first of 13 giant IG
ton bombing planes being built for
the United States Army.
Tat- aniiv hupta lu be- able to use
the new planes to strengthen de
fenses in Alaska, aPnama, and Ha
waii. Able to fly non-stop, to drop
2000 pounds of bombs on a target
1500 miles away and return to their
base, the planes will also be equip
ped with effective defense arma
ment.
SEATTLE, Oct. 1 (U.P.)—Boeing
Aircraft Co. mechanics today rushed
assembly of the first of 13 giant IG
ton bombing planes being built for
the United States Army.
Tat- aniiv hupta lu be- able to use
the new planes to strengthen de
fenses in Alaska, aPnama, and Ha
waii. Able to fly non-stop, to drop
2000 pounds of bombs on a target
1500 miles away and return to their
base, the planes will also be equip
ped with effective defense arma
ment.
SEATTLE, Oct. 1 (U.P.)—Boeing
Aircraft Co. mechanics today rushed
assembly of the first of 13 giant IG
ton bombing planes being built for
the United States Army.
Tat- aniiv hupta lu be- able to use
the new planes to strengthen de
fenses in Alaska, aPnama, and Ha
waii. Able to fly non-stop, to drop
2000 pounds of bombs on a target
1500 miles away and return to their
base, the planes will also be equip
ped with effective defense arma
ment.
SEATTLE, Oct. 1 (U.P.)—Boeing
Aircraft Co. mechanics today rushed
assembly of the first of 13 giant IG
ton bombing planes being built for
the United States Army.
Tat- aniiv hupta lu be- able to use
the new planes to strengthen de
fenses in Alaska, aPnama, and Ha
waii. Able to fly non-stop, to drop
2000 pounds of bombs on a target
1500 miles away and return to their
base, the planes will also be equip
ped with effective defense arma
ment.
SEATTLE, Oct. 1 (U.P.)—Boeing
Aircraft Co. mechanics today rushed
assembly of the first of 13 giant IG
ton bombing planes being built for
the United States Army.
Tat- aniiv hupta lu be- able to use
the new planes to strengthen de
fenses in Alaska, aPnama, and Ha
waii. Able to fly non-stop, to drop
2000 pounds of bombs on a target
1500 miles away and return to their
base, the planes will also be equip
ped with effective defense arma
ment.
SEATTLE, Oct. 1 (U.P.)—Boeing
Aircraft Co. mechanics today rushed
assembly of the first of 13 giant IG
ton bombing planes being built for
the United States Army.
Tat- aniiv hupta lu be- able to use
the new planes to strengthen de
fenses in Alaska, aPnama, and Ha
waii. Able to fly non-stop, to drop
2000 pounds of bombs on a target
1500 miles away and return to their
base, the planes will also be equip
ped with effective defense arma
ment.
SEATTLE, Oct. 1 (U.P.)—Boeing
Aircraft Co. mechanics today rushed
assembly of the first of 13 giant IG
ton bombing planes being built for
the United States Army.
Tat- aniiv hupta lu be- able to use
the new planes to strengthen de
fenses in Alaska, aPnama, and Ha
waii. Able to fly non-stop, to drop
2000 pounds of bombs on a target
1500 miles away and return to their
base, the planes will also be equip
ped with effective defense arma
ment.
SEATTLE, Oct. 1 (U.P.)—Boeing
Aircraft Co. mechanics today rushed
assembly of the first of 13 giant IG
ton bombing planes being built for
the United States Army.
Tat- aniiv hupta lu be- able to use
the new planes to strengthen de
fenses in Alaska, aPnama, and Ha
waii. Able to fly non-stop, to drop
2000 pounds of bombs on a target
1500 miles away and return to their
base, the planes will also be equip
ped with effective defense arma
ment.
SEATTLE, Oct. 1 (U.P.)—Boeing
Aircraft Co. mechanics today rushed
assembly of the first of 13 giant IG
ton bombing planes being built for
the United States Army.
Tat- aniiv hupta lu be- able to use
the new planes to strengthen de
fenses in Alaska, aPnama, and Ha
waii. Able to fly non-stop, to drop
2000 pounds of bombs on a target
1500 miles away and return to their
base, the planes will also be equip
ped with effective defense arma
ment.
SEATTLE, Oct. 1 (U.P.)—Boeing
Aircraft Co. mechanics today rushed
assembly of the first of 13 giant IG
ton bombing planes being built for
the United States Army.
Tat- aniiv hupta lu be- able to use
the new planes to strengthen de
fenses in Alaska, aPnama, and Ha
waii. Able to fly non-stop, to drop
2000 pounds of bombs on a target
1500 miles away and return to their
base, the planes will also be equip
ped with effective defense arma
ment.
SEATTLE, Oct. 1 (U.P.)—Boeing
Aircraft Co. mechanics today rushed
assembly of the first of 13 giant IG
ton bombing planes being built for
the United States Army.
Tat- aniiv hupta lu be- able to use
the new planes to strengthen de
fenses in Alaska, aPnama, and Ha
waii. Able to fly non-stop, to drop
2000 pounds of bombs on a target
1500 miles away and return to their
base, the planes will also be equip
ped with effective defense arma
ment.
SEATTLE, Oct. 1 (U.P.)—Boeing
Aircraft Co. mechanics today rushed
assembly of the first of 13 giant IG
ton bombing planes being built for
the United States Army.
Tat- aniiv hupta lu be- able to use
the new planes to strengthen de
fenses in Alaska, aPnama, and Ha
waii. Able to fly non-stop, to drop
2000 pounds of bombs on a target
1500 miles away and return to their
base, the planes will also be equip
ped with effective defense arma
ment.
SEATTLE, Oct. 1 (U.P.)—Boeing
Aircraft Co. mechanics today rushed
assembly of the first of 13 giant IG
ton bombing planes being built for
the United States Army.
Tat- aniiv hupta lu be- able to use
the new planes to strengthen de
fenses in Alaska, aPnama, and Ha
waii. Able to fly non-stop, to drop
2000 pounds of bombs on a target
1500 miles away and return to their
base, the planes will also be equip
ped with effective defense arma
ment.
SEATTLE, Oct. 1 (U.P.)—Boeing
Aircraft Co. mechanics today rushed
assembly of the first of 13 giant IG
ton bombing planes being built for
the United States Army.
Tat- aniiv hupta lu be- able to use
the new planes to strengthen de
fenses in Alaska, aPnama, and Ha
waii. Able to fly non-stop, to drop
2000 pounds of bombs on a target
1500 miles away and return to their
base, the planes will also be equip
ped with effective defense arma
ment.
