# California Wins From Santa Clara.
## 
### 
California won its second baseball
game of the season yesterday from
Santa Clara by the score of 9-6. The
game was marked by vigorous play
ing, but the ragged work of the
Santa Clara outfield somewhat af
fected the result.
California won its second baseball
game of the season yesterday from
Santa Clara by the score of 9-6. The
game was marked by vigorous play
ing, but the ragged work of the
Santa Clara outfield somewhat af
fected the result.
California won its second baseball
game of the season yesterday from
Santa Clara by the score of 9-6. The
game was marked by vigorous play
ing, but the ragged work of the
Santa Clara outfield somewhat af
fected the result.
California won its second baseball
game of the season yesterday from
Santa Clara by the score of 9-6. The
game was marked by vigorous play
ing, but the ragged work of the
Santa Clara outfield somewhat af
fected the result.
California won its second baseball
game of the season yesterday from
Santa Clara by the score of 9-6. The
game was marked by vigorous play
ing, but the ragged work of the
Santa Clara outfield somewhat af
fected the result.
California won its second baseball
game of the season yesterday from
Santa Clara by the score of 9-6. The
game was marked by vigorous play
ing, but the ragged work of the
Santa Clara outfield somewhat af
fected the result.
California won its second baseball
game of the season yesterday from
Santa Clara by the score of 9-6. The
game was marked by vigorous play
ing, but the ragged work of the
Santa Clara outfield somewhat af
fected the result.
California won its second baseball
game of the season yesterday from
Santa Clara by the score of 9-6. The
game was marked by vigorous play
ing, but the ragged work of the
Santa Clara outfield somewhat af
fected the result.
California won its second baseball
game of the season yesterday from
Santa Clara by the score of 9-6. The
game was marked by vigorous play
ing, but the ragged work of the
Santa Clara outfield somewhat af
fected the result.
California won its second baseball
game of the season yesterday from
Santa Clara by the score of 9-6. The
game was marked by vigorous play
ing, but the ragged work of the
Santa Clara outfield somewhat af
fected the result.
