# SCENE OF ROYAL WEDDING TOMORROW
## 
### 

Down this "middle aisle" in Westminster Abbey will pass the royal
bridal procession on November 29 when Princess Marina of Greece is
married to England's Duke of Kent, George, fourth son of King Georga
and Queen Mary. The altar is in the background.

Down this "middle aisle" in Westminster Abbey will pass the royal
bridal procession on November 29 when Princess Marina of Greece is
married to England's Duke of Kent, George, fourth son of King Georga
and Queen Mary. The altar is in the background.

Down this "middle aisle" in Westminster Abbey will pass the royal
bridal procession on November 29 when Princess Marina of Greece is
married to England's Duke of Kent, George, fourth son of King Georga
and Queen Mary. The altar is in the background.

Down this "middle aisle" in Westminster Abbey will pass the royal
bridal procession on November 29 when Princess Marina of Greece is
married to England's Duke of Kent, George, fourth son of King Georga
and Queen Mary. The altar is in the background.

Down this "middle aisle" in Westminster Abbey will pass the royal
bridal procession on November 29 when Princess Marina of Greece is
married to England's Duke of Kent, George, fourth son of King Georga
and Queen Mary. The altar is in the background.

Down this "middle aisle" in Westminster Abbey will pass the royal
bridal procession on November 29 when Princess Marina of Greece is
married to England's Duke of Kent, George, fourth son of King Georga
and Queen Mary. The altar is in the background.

Down this "middle aisle" in Westminster Abbey will pass the royal
bridal procession on November 29 when Princess Marina of Greece is
married to England's Duke of Kent, George, fourth son of King Georga
and Queen Mary. The altar is in the background.

Down this "middle aisle" in Westminster Abbey will pass the royal
bridal procession on November 29 when Princess Marina of Greece is
married to England's Duke of Kent, George, fourth son of King Georga
and Queen Mary. The altar is in the background.

Down this "middle aisle" in Westminster Abbey will pass the royal
bridal procession on November 29 when Princess Marina of Greece is
married to England's Duke of Kent, George, fourth son of King Georga
and Queen Mary. The altar is in the background.

Down this "middle aisle" in Westminster Abbey will pass the royal
bridal procession on November 29 when Princess Marina of Greece is
married to England's Duke of Kent, George, fourth son of King Georga
and Queen Mary. The altar is in the background.

Down this "middle aisle" in Westminster Abbey will pass the royal
bridal procession on November 29 when Princess Marina of Greece is
married to England's Duke of Kent, George, fourth son of King Georga
and Queen Mary. The altar is in the background.

Down this "middle aisle" in Westminster Abbey will pass the royal
bridal procession on November 29 when Princess Marina of Greece is
married to England's Duke of Kent, George, fourth son of King Georga
and Queen Mary. The altar is in the background.

Down this "middle aisle" in Westminster Abbey will pass the royal
bridal procession on November 29 when Princess Marina of Greece is
married to England's Duke of Kent, George, fourth son of King Georga
and Queen Mary. The altar is in the background.

Down this "middle aisle" in Westminster Abbey will pass the royal
bridal procession on November 29 when Princess Marina of Greece is
married to England's Duke of Kent, George, fourth son of King Georga
and Queen Mary. The altar is in the background.

Down this "middle aisle" in Westminster Abbey will pass the royal
bridal procession on November 29 when Princess Marina of Greece is
married to England's Duke of Kent, George, fourth son of King Georga
and Queen Mary. The altar is in the background.
