# FRESNO, NEVADA MEET
## 
### 
RENO. Nov. 27 (^P).—Facing the
formidable Fresno State College
eleven in a Thanksgiving Day re
newal of their Far Western Con
ference rivalry, 30 members of the
University of Nevada football squad
boarded a train here tonighl for
Fresno and their Inal contest of the
1934 season.
RENO. Nov. 27 (^P).—Facing the
formidable Fresno State College
eleven in a Thanksgiving Day re
newal of their Far Western Con
ference rivalry, 30 members of the
University of Nevada football squad
boarded a train here tonighl for
Fresno and their Inal contest of the
1934 season.
RENO. Nov. 27 (^P).—Facing the
formidable Fresno State College
eleven in a Thanksgiving Day re
newal of their Far Western Con
ference rivalry, 30 members of the
University of Nevada football squad
boarded a train here tonighl for
Fresno and their Inal contest of the
1934 season.
RENO. Nov. 27 (^P).—Facing the
formidable Fresno State College
eleven in a Thanksgiving Day re
newal of their Far Western Con
ference rivalry, 30 members of the
University of Nevada football squad
boarded a train here tonighl for
Fresno and their Inal contest of the
1934 season.
RENO. Nov. 27 (^P).—Facing the
formidable Fresno State College
eleven in a Thanksgiving Day re
newal of their Far Western Con
ference rivalry, 30 members of the
University of Nevada football squad
boarded a train here tonighl for
Fresno and their Inal contest of the
1934 season.
RENO. Nov. 27 (^P).—Facing the
formidable Fresno State College
eleven in a Thanksgiving Day re
newal of their Far Western Con
ference rivalry, 30 members of the
University of Nevada football squad
boarded a train here tonighl for
Fresno and their Inal contest of the
1934 season.
RENO. Nov. 27 (^P).—Facing the
formidable Fresno State College
eleven in a Thanksgiving Day re
newal of their Far Western Con
ference rivalry, 30 members of the
University of Nevada football squad
boarded a train here tonighl for
Fresno and their Inal contest of the
1934 season.
RENO. Nov. 27 (^P).—Facing the
formidable Fresno State College
eleven in a Thanksgiving Day re
newal of their Far Western Con
ference rivalry, 30 members of the
University of Nevada football squad
boarded a train here tonighl for
Fresno and their Inal contest of the
1934 season.
RENO. Nov. 27 (^P).—Facing the
formidable Fresno State College
eleven in a Thanksgiving Day re
newal of their Far Western Con
ference rivalry, 30 members of the
University of Nevada football squad
boarded a train here tonighl for
Fresno and their Inal contest of the
1934 season.
RENO. Nov. 27 (^P).—Facing the
formidable Fresno State College
eleven in a Thanksgiving Day re
newal of their Far Western Con
ference rivalry, 30 members of the
University of Nevada football squad
boarded a train here tonighl for
Fresno and their Inal contest of the
1934 season.
RENO. Nov. 27 (^P).—Facing the
formidable Fresno State College
eleven in a Thanksgiving Day re
newal of their Far Western Con
ference rivalry, 30 members of the
University of Nevada football squad
boarded a train here tonighl for
Fresno and their Inal contest of the
1934 season.
RENO. Nov. 27 (^P).—Facing the
formidable Fresno State College
eleven in a Thanksgiving Day re
newal of their Far Western Con
ference rivalry, 30 members of the
University of Nevada football squad
boarded a train here tonighl for
Fresno and their Inal contest of the
1934 season.
RENO. Nov. 27 (^P).—Facing the
formidable Fresno State College
eleven in a Thanksgiving Day re
newal of their Far Western Con
ference rivalry, 30 members of the
University of Nevada football squad
boarded a train here tonighl for
Fresno and their Inal contest of the
1934 season.
RENO. Nov. 27 (^P).—Facing the
formidable Fresno State College
eleven in a Thanksgiving Day re
newal of their Far Western Con
ference rivalry, 30 members of the
University of Nevada football squad
boarded a train here tonighl for
Fresno and their Inal contest of the
1934 season.
RENO. Nov. 27 (^P).—Facing the
formidable Fresno State College
eleven in a Thanksgiving Day re
newal of their Far Western Con
ference rivalry, 30 members of the
University of Nevada football squad
boarded a train here tonighl for
Fresno and their Inal contest of the
1934 season.
