# Japan Asks Foreign Aid In Treaty Denunciation
## 
### 
TOKYO, Japan, Nov. 27 (/P). —
Tokyo asked Rome and Ptuis Tues
day to join her in denouncing die
Washington naval treaty, but there
were no indications the request
would be granted.
TOKYO, Japan, Nov. 27 (/P). —
Tokyo asked Rome and Ptuis Tues
day to join her in denouncing die
Washington naval treaty, but there
were no indications the request
would be granted.
TOKYO, Japan, Nov. 27 (/P). —
Tokyo asked Rome and Ptuis Tues
day to join her in denouncing die
Washington naval treaty, but there
were no indications the request
would be granted.
TOKYO, Japan, Nov. 27 (/P). —
Tokyo asked Rome and Ptuis Tues
day to join her in denouncing die
Washington naval treaty, but there
were no indications the request
would be granted.
TOKYO, Japan, Nov. 27 (/P). —
Tokyo asked Rome and Ptuis Tues
day to join her in denouncing die
Washington naval treaty, but there
were no indications the request
would be granted.
TOKYO, Japan, Nov. 27 (/P). —
Tokyo asked Rome and Ptuis Tues
day to join her in denouncing die
Washington naval treaty, but there
were no indications the request
would be granted.
TOKYO, Japan, Nov. 27 (/P). —
Tokyo asked Rome and Ptuis Tues
day to join her in denouncing die
Washington naval treaty, but there
were no indications the request
would be granted.
TOKYO, Japan, Nov. 27 (/P). —
Tokyo asked Rome and Ptuis Tues
day to join her in denouncing die
Washington naval treaty, but there
were no indications the request
would be granted.
TOKYO, Japan, Nov. 27 (/P). —
Tokyo asked Rome and Ptuis Tues
day to join her in denouncing die
Washington naval treaty, but there
were no indications the request
would be granted.
TOKYO, Japan, Nov. 27 (/P). —
Tokyo asked Rome and Ptuis Tues
day to join her in denouncing die
Washington naval treaty, but there
were no indications the request
would be granted.
TOKYO, Japan, Nov. 27 (/P). —
Tokyo asked Rome and Ptuis Tues
day to join her in denouncing die
Washington naval treaty, but there
were no indications the request
would be granted.
TOKYO, Japan, Nov. 27 (/P). —
Tokyo asked Rome and Ptuis Tues
day to join her in denouncing die
Washington naval treaty, but there
were no indications the request
would be granted.
TOKYO, Japan, Nov. 27 (/P). —
Tokyo asked Rome and Ptuis Tues
day to join her in denouncing die
Washington naval treaty, but there
were no indications the request
would be granted.
TOKYO, Japan, Nov. 27 (/P). —
Tokyo asked Rome and Ptuis Tues
day to join her in denouncing die
Washington naval treaty, but there
were no indications the request
would be granted.
TOKYO, Japan, Nov. 27 (/P). —
Tokyo asked Rome and Ptuis Tues
day to join her in denouncing die
Washington naval treaty, but there
were no indications the request
would be granted.
