# Untitled Article
## 
### 
St. Marys gave the nine and Gold
baseballers a trouncing at Horkeley
daring the week-end, getting a 7-1
victory.
St. Marys gave the nine and Gold
baseballers a trouncing at Horkeley
daring the week-end, getting a 7-1
victory.
St. Marys gave the nine and Gold
baseballers a trouncing at Horkeley
daring the week-end, getting a 7-1
victory.
St. Marys gave the nine and Gold
baseballers a trouncing at Horkeley
daring the week-end, getting a 7-1
victory.
St. Marys gave the nine and Gold
baseballers a trouncing at Horkeley
daring the week-end, getting a 7-1
victory.
St. Marys gave the nine and Gold
baseballers a trouncing at Horkeley
daring the week-end, getting a 7-1
victory.
St. Marys gave the nine and Gold
baseballers a trouncing at Horkeley
daring the week-end, getting a 7-1
victory.
St. Marys gave the nine and Gold
baseballers a trouncing at Horkeley
daring the week-end, getting a 7-1
victory.
St. Marys gave the nine and Gold
baseballers a trouncing at Horkeley
daring the week-end, getting a 7-1
victory.
St. Marys gave the nine and Gold
baseballers a trouncing at Horkeley
daring the week-end, getting a 7-1
victory.
St. Marys gave the nine and Gold
baseballers a trouncing at Horkeley
daring the week-end, getting a 7-1
victory.
St. Marys gave the nine and Gold
baseballers a trouncing at Horkeley
daring the week-end, getting a 7-1
victory.
St. Marys gave the nine and Gold
baseballers a trouncing at Horkeley
daring the week-end, getting a 7-1
victory.
St. Marys gave the nine and Gold
baseballers a trouncing at Horkeley
daring the week-end, getting a 7-1
victory.
