# Sophomores Schedule Three Games.
## 
### 
To-morrow afternoon the 1908
baseball team will meet Belmont
on the Belmont diamond. On Feb
ruary 17th they will meet Palo
Alto High School and on the 24th
they will play the Mt. Tamalpais
Military Academy nine on the
Stanford diamond.
To-morrow afternoon the 1908
baseball team will meet Belmont
on the Belmont diamond. On Feb
ruary 17th they will meet Palo
Alto High School and on the 24th
they will play the Mt. Tamalpais
Military Academy nine on the
Stanford diamond.
To-morrow afternoon the 1908
baseball team will meet Belmont
on the Belmont diamond. On Feb
ruary 17th they will meet Palo
Alto High School and on the 24th
they will play the Mt. Tamalpais
Military Academy nine on the
Stanford diamond.
To-morrow afternoon the 1908
baseball team will meet Belmont
on the Belmont diamond. On Feb
ruary 17th they will meet Palo
Alto High School and on the 24th
they will play the Mt. Tamalpais
Military Academy nine on the
Stanford diamond.
To-morrow afternoon the 1908
baseball team will meet Belmont
on the Belmont diamond. On Feb
ruary 17th they will meet Palo
Alto High School and on the 24th
they will play the Mt. Tamalpais
Military Academy nine on the
Stanford diamond.
To-morrow afternoon the 1908
baseball team will meet Belmont
on the Belmont diamond. On Feb
ruary 17th they will meet Palo
Alto High School and on the 24th
they will play the Mt. Tamalpais
Military Academy nine on the
Stanford diamond.
To-morrow afternoon the 1908
baseball team will meet Belmont
on the Belmont diamond. On Feb
ruary 17th they will meet Palo
Alto High School and on the 24th
they will play the Mt. Tamalpais
Military Academy nine on the
Stanford diamond.
To-morrow afternoon the 1908
baseball team will meet Belmont
on the Belmont diamond. On Feb
ruary 17th they will meet Palo
Alto High School and on the 24th
they will play the Mt. Tamalpais
Military Academy nine on the
Stanford diamond.
To-morrow afternoon the 1908
baseball team will meet Belmont
on the Belmont diamond. On Feb
ruary 17th they will meet Palo
Alto High School and on the 24th
they will play the Mt. Tamalpais
Military Academy nine on the
Stanford diamond.
