# Amateur Sports Paper to Appear.
## 
### 
The Pacific Amateur News is the
name of a new weekly athletic pa
per which will appear every Friday
in San Francisco, bearing the date
of the succeeding Saturday. The
first number will be issued next
Friday. The publication will be
edited and managed jointly by E.
Pomeroy and Henry Roberts, secre
tary of the California Association
Football Union. Archie Rice, '95,
will write<for the paper, the busi
ness address of which will be 1001
Flood Building, San Francisco.
The leading winter sport will be
"soccer" ball, and in the summer
most attention will be devoted to
baseball and field sports. College
and high school baseball only will
be written up. Tennis will occupy
a prominent position, as will also
golf. The paper will be devoted to
the interests of amateur as distin
guished from professional sport,
and the first number will contain
special articles by experts on the
two Rugby games between the New
Zealand and British Columbia
teams.
The Pacific Amateur News is the
name of a new weekly athletic pa
per which will appear every Friday
in San Francisco, bearing the date
of the succeeding Saturday. The
first number will be issued next
Friday. The publication will be
edited and managed jointly by E.
Pomeroy and Henry Roberts, secre
tary of the California Association
Football Union. Archie Rice, '95,
will write<for the paper, the busi
ness address of which will be 1001
Flood Building, San Francisco.
The leading winter sport will be
"soccer" ball, and in the summer
most attention will be devoted to
baseball and field sports. College
and high school baseball only will
be written up. Tennis will occupy
a prominent position, as will also
golf. The paper will be devoted to
the interests of amateur as distin
guished from professional sport,
and the first number will contain
special articles by experts on the
two Rugby games between the New
Zealand and British Columbia
teams.
The Pacific Amateur News is the
name of a new weekly athletic pa
per which will appear every Friday
in San Francisco, bearing the date
of the succeeding Saturday. The
first number will be issued next
Friday. The publication will be
edited and managed jointly by E.
Pomeroy and Henry Roberts, secre
tary of the California Association
Football Union. Archie Rice, '95,
will write<for the paper, the busi
ness address of which will be 1001
Flood Building, San Francisco.
The leading winter sport will be
"soccer" ball, and in the summer
most attention will be devoted to
baseball and field sports. College
and high school baseball only will
be written up. Tennis will occupy
a prominent position, as will also
golf. The paper will be devoted to
the interests of amateur as distin
guished from professional sport,
and the first number will contain
special articles by experts on the
two Rugby games between the New
Zealand and British Columbia
teams.
The Pacific Amateur News is the
name of a new weekly athletic pa
per which will appear every Friday
in San Francisco, bearing the date
of the succeeding Saturday. The
first number will be issued next
Friday. The publication will be
edited and managed jointly by E.
Pomeroy and Henry Roberts, secre
tary of the California Association
Football Union. Archie Rice, '95,
will write<for the paper, the busi
ness address of which will be 1001
Flood Building, San Francisco.
The leading winter sport will be
"soccer" ball, and in the summer
most attention will be devoted to
baseball and field sports. College
and high school baseball only will
be written up. Tennis will occupy
a prominent position, as will also
golf. The paper will be devoted to
the interests of amateur as distin
guished from professional sport,
and the first number will contain
special articles by experts on the
two Rugby games between the New
Zealand and British Columbia
teams.
The Pacific Amateur News is the
name of a new weekly athletic pa
per which will appear every Friday
in San Francisco, bearing the date
of the succeeding Saturday. The
first number will be issued next
Friday. The publication will be
edited and managed jointly by E.
Pomeroy and Henry Roberts, secre
tary of the California Association
Football Union. Archie Rice, '95,
will write<for the paper, the busi
ness address of which will be 1001
Flood Building, San Francisco.
The leading winter sport will be
"soccer" ball, and in the summer
most attention will be devoted to
baseball and field sports. College
and high school baseball only will
be written up. Tennis will occupy
a prominent position, as will also
golf. The paper will be devoted to
the interests of amateur as distin
guished from professional sport,
and the first number will contain
special articles by experts on the
two Rugby games between the New
Zealand and British Columbia
teams.
The Pacific Amateur News is the
name of a new weekly athletic pa
per which will appear every Friday
in San Francisco, bearing the date
of the succeeding Saturday. The
first number will be issued next
Friday. The publication will be
edited and managed jointly by E.
Pomeroy and Henry Roberts, secre
tary of the California Association
Football Union. Archie Rice, '95,
will write<for the paper, the busi
ness address of which will be 1001
Flood Building, San Francisco.
The leading winter sport will be
"soccer" ball, and in the summer
most attention will be devoted to
baseball and field sports. College
and high school baseball only will
be written up. Tennis will occupy
a prominent position, as will also
golf. The paper will be devoted to
the interests of amateur as distin
guished from professional sport,
and the first number will contain
special articles by experts on the
two Rugby games between the New
Zealand and British Columbia
teams.
The Pacific Amateur News is the
name of a new weekly athletic pa
per which will appear every Friday
in San Francisco, bearing the date
of the succeeding Saturday. The
first number will be issued next
Friday. The publication will be
edited and managed jointly by E.
Pomeroy and Henry Roberts, secre
tary of the California Association
Football Union. Archie Rice, '95,
will write<for the paper, the busi
ness address of which will be 1001
Flood Building, San Francisco.
The leading winter sport will be
"soccer" ball, and in the summer
most attention will be devoted to
baseball and field sports. College
and high school baseball only will
be written up. Tennis will occupy
a prominent position, as will also
golf. The paper will be devoted to
the interests of amateur as distin
guished from professional sport,
and the first number will contain
special articles by experts on the
two Rugby games between the New
Zealand and British Columbia
teams.
The Pacific Amateur News is the
name of a new weekly athletic pa
per which will appear every Friday
in San Francisco, bearing the date
of the succeeding Saturday. The
first number will be issued next
Friday. The publication will be
edited and managed jointly by E.
Pomeroy and Henry Roberts, secre
tary of the California Association
Football Union. Archie Rice, '95,
will write<for the paper, the busi
ness address of which will be 1001
Flood Building, San Francisco.
The leading winter sport will be
"soccer" ball, and in the summer
most attention will be devoted to
baseball and field sports. College
and high school baseball only will
be written up. Tennis will occupy
a prominent position, as will also
golf. The paper will be devoted to
the interests of amateur as distin
guished from professional sport,
and the first number will contain
special articles by experts on the
two Rugby games between the New
Zealand and British Columbia
teams.
The Pacific Amateur News is the
name of a new weekly athletic pa
per which will appear every Friday
in San Francisco, bearing the date
of the succeeding Saturday. The
first number will be issued next
Friday. The publication will be
edited and managed jointly by E.
Pomeroy and Henry Roberts, secre
tary of the California Association
Football Union. Archie Rice, '95,
will write<for the paper, the busi
ness address of which will be 1001
Flood Building, San Francisco.
The leading winter sport will be
"soccer" ball, and in the summer
most attention will be devoted to
baseball and field sports. College
and high school baseball only will
be written up. Tennis will occupy
a prominent position, as will also
golf. The paper will be devoted to
the interests of amateur as distin
guished from professional sport,
and the first number will contain
special articles by experts on the
two Rugby games between the New
Zealand and British Columbia
teams.
