# Stanford to win award for 'adopting' school
## 
### 
Stanford faculty, staff and
students will receive an award
from San Mateo County for vol
unteer efforts with Costano
School in East Palo Alto.
The award, called the "Most
Active Partnership Award,"
recognizes the 100 Stanford
volunteers who have given
more than 1,000 hours of sup
port to Costano since last Jan

uary when the partnership
began between the two schools.
Stanford faculty, staff and
students have been working
with Costano to enhance al
ready existing Costano pro
grams, promote self-esteem
among Costano students and
encourage the students to
aspire to higher education.
University News Service
