# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— Antonio Apache,a full-blooded
Indian, grandson of the great chief
Cochise, has entered Harvard, lie
has had a varied experience as a
scout and a newspaper correspond
ent. He gives great athletic
promise.
— Antonio Apache,a full-blooded
Indian, grandson of the great chief
Cochise, has entered Harvard, lie
has had a varied experience as a
scout and a newspaper correspond
ent. He gives great athletic
promise.
— Antonio Apache,a full-blooded
Indian, grandson of the great chief
Cochise, has entered Harvard, lie
has had a varied experience as a
scout and a newspaper correspond
ent. He gives great athletic
promise.
— Antonio Apache,a full-blooded
Indian, grandson of the great chief
Cochise, has entered Harvard, lie
has had a varied experience as a
scout and a newspaper correspond
ent. He gives great athletic
promise.
— Antonio Apache,a full-blooded
Indian, grandson of the great chief
Cochise, has entered Harvard, lie
has had a varied experience as a
scout and a newspaper correspond
ent. He gives great athletic
promise.
