# Former Students.
## 
### 
— Harry Walton, ex-'SJG, will
probably be made captain of the
Seattle Athletic Club football team.
He is every way fitted for the place,
and* the sporting editor of the
Seattle Post-Intelligencer is boom
ing his candidacy.
— Harry Walton, ex-'SJG, will
probably be made captain of the
Seattle Athletic Club football team.
He is every way fitted for the place,
and* the sporting editor of the
Seattle Post-Intelligencer is boom
ing his candidacy.
— Harry Walton, ex-'SJG, will
probably be made captain of the
Seattle Athletic Club football team.
He is every way fitted for the place,
and* the sporting editor of the
Seattle Post-Intelligencer is boom
ing his candidacy.
— Harry Walton, ex-'SJG, will
probably be made captain of the
Seattle Athletic Club football team.
He is every way fitted for the place,
and* the sporting editor of the
Seattle Post-Intelligencer is boom
ing his candidacy.
— Harry Walton, ex-'SJG, will
probably be made captain of the
Seattle Athletic Club football team.
He is every way fitted for the place,
and* the sporting editor of the
Seattle Post-Intelligencer is boom
ing his candidacy.
