# Adv. 10 Page 2
## 
### 
The Added Touch
for the Senior Ball
Queenly Sandals
& & 0 for
'% Stanford Queens
'mmfl Accentuate your
loveliness with
'%*%& new evening san
a's s °p^ is^'ca^e d-
'X P atl " ern ed to in
& dividual ize your
Spnng formal
jm —
!®/IERLEIN"S
/Mi Wa//,-Guer
BOOT SHOP
220 UNIVERSITY
The Added Touch
for the Senior Ball
Queenly Sandals
& & 0 for
'% Stanford Queens
'mmfl Accentuate your
loveliness with
'%*%& new evening san
a's s °p^ is^'ca^e d-
'X P atl " ern ed to in
& dividual ize your
Spnng formal
jm —
!®/IERLEIN"S
/Mi Wa//,-Guer
BOOT SHOP
220 UNIVERSITY
The Added Touch
for the Senior Ball
Queenly Sandals
& & 0 for
'% Stanford Queens
'mmfl Accentuate your
loveliness with
'%*%& new evening san
a's s °p^ is^'ca^e d-
'X P atl " ern ed to in
& dividual ize your
Spnng formal
jm —
!®/IERLEIN"S
/Mi Wa//,-Guer
BOOT SHOP
220 UNIVERSITY
The Added Touch
for the Senior Ball
Queenly Sandals
& & 0 for
'% Stanford Queens
'mmfl Accentuate your
loveliness with
'%*%& new evening san
a's s °p^ is^'ca^e d-
'X P atl " ern ed to in
& dividual ize your
Spnng formal
jm —
!®/IERLEIN"S
/Mi Wa//,-Guer
BOOT SHOP
220 UNIVERSITY
The Added Touch
for the Senior Ball
Queenly Sandals
& & 0 for
'% Stanford Queens
'mmfl Accentuate your
loveliness with
'%*%& new evening san
a's s °p^ is^'ca^e d-
'X P atl " ern ed to in
& dividual ize your
Spnng formal
jm —
!®/IERLEIN"S
/Mi Wa//,-Guer
BOOT SHOP
220 UNIVERSITY
The Added Touch
for the Senior Ball
Queenly Sandals
& & 0 for
'% Stanford Queens
'mmfl Accentuate your
loveliness with
'%*%& new evening san
a's s °p^ is^'ca^e d-
'X P atl " ern ed to in
& dividual ize your
Spnng formal
jm —
!®/IERLEIN"S
/Mi Wa//,-Guer
BOOT SHOP
220 UNIVERSITY
The Added Touch
for the Senior Ball
Queenly Sandals
& & 0 for
'% Stanford Queens
'mmfl Accentuate your
loveliness with
'%*%& new evening san
a's s °p^ is^'ca^e d-
'X P atl " ern ed to in
& dividual ize your
Spnng formal
jm —
!®/IERLEIN"S
/Mi Wa//,-Guer
BOOT SHOP
220 UNIVERSITY
The Added Touch
for the Senior Ball
Queenly Sandals
& & 0 for
'% Stanford Queens
'mmfl Accentuate your
loveliness with
'%*%& new evening san
a's s °p^ is^'ca^e d-
'X P atl " ern ed to in
& dividual ize your
Spnng formal
jm —
!®/IERLEIN"S
/Mi Wa//,-Guer
BOOT SHOP
220 UNIVERSITY
The Added Touch
for the Senior Ball
Queenly Sandals
& & 0 for
'% Stanford Queens
'mmfl Accentuate your
loveliness with
'%*%& new evening san
a's s °p^ is^'ca^e d-
'X P atl " ern ed to in
& dividual ize your
Spnng formal
jm —
!®/IERLEIN"S
/Mi Wa//,-Guer
BOOT SHOP
220 UNIVERSITY
The Added Touch
for the Senior Ball
Queenly Sandals
& & 0 for
'% Stanford Queens
'mmfl Accentuate your
loveliness with
'%*%& new evening san
a's s °p^ is^'ca^e d-
'X P atl " ern ed to in
& dividual ize your
Spnng formal
jm —
!®/IERLEIN"S
/Mi Wa//,-Guer
BOOT SHOP
220 UNIVERSITY
The Added Touch
for the Senior Ball
Queenly Sandals
& & 0 for
'% Stanford Queens
'mmfl Accentuate your
loveliness with
'%*%& new evening san
a's s °p^ is^'ca^e d-
'X P atl " ern ed to in
& dividual ize your
Spnng formal
jm —
!®/IERLEIN"S
/Mi Wa//,-Guer
BOOT SHOP
220 UNIVERSITY
The Added Touch
for the Senior Ball
Queenly Sandals
& & 0 for
'% Stanford Queens
'mmfl Accentuate your
loveliness with
'%*%& new evening san
a's s °p^ is^'ca^e d-
'X P atl " ern ed to in
& dividual ize your
Spnng formal
jm —
!®/IERLEIN"S
/Mi Wa//,-Guer
BOOT SHOP
220 UNIVERSITY
The Added Touch
for the Senior Ball
Queenly Sandals
& & 0 for
'% Stanford Queens
'mmfl Accentuate your
loveliness with
'%*%& new evening san
a's s °p^ is^'ca^e d-
'X P atl " ern ed to in
& dividual ize your
Spnng formal
jm —
!®/IERLEIN"S
/Mi Wa//,-Guer
BOOT SHOP
220 UNIVERSITY
The Added Touch
for the Senior Ball
Queenly Sandals
& & 0 for
'% Stanford Queens
'mmfl Accentuate your
loveliness with
'%*%& new evening san
a's s °p^ is^'ca^e d-
'X P atl " ern ed to in
& dividual ize your
Spnng formal
jm —
!®/IERLEIN"S
/Mi Wa//,-Guer
BOOT SHOP
220 UNIVERSITY
The Added Touch
for the Senior Ball
Queenly Sandals
& & 0 for
'% Stanford Queens
'mmfl Accentuate your
loveliness with
'%*%& new evening san
a's s °p^ is^'ca^e d-
'X P atl " ern ed to in
& dividual ize your
Spnng formal
jm —
!®/IERLEIN"S
/Mi Wa//,-Guer
BOOT SHOP
220 UNIVERSITY
The Added Touch
for the Senior Ball
Queenly Sandals
& & 0 for
'% Stanford Queens
'mmfl Accentuate your
loveliness with
'%*%& new evening san
a's s °p^ is^'ca^e d-
'X P atl " ern ed to in
& dividual ize your
Spnng formal
jm —
!®/IERLEIN"S
/Mi Wa//,-Guer
BOOT SHOP
220 UNIVERSITY
