# Honor Code Talk Slated for Tonight
## 
### 
To promote closer faculty-student
co-operation and to improve the ef
ficiency of the Honor Code, the
Men's and Women's Councils arc
sponsoring a round table discussion
tonight at. 7:15 o'clock. Faculty
members. Council members, and se
lected students will participate in
the Honor Code education program.
The agenda for the Honor Code
discussion includes "Reporting of
Cases," ''Manner of Handling," and
"Penalties." A1 Horn, former Men's
Council chairman, who has had close
touch with the workings of the
Code, will head the round table.
John Porter and Barbara Goodrich
handled preparations.
To promote closer faculty-student
co-operation and to improve the ef
ficiency of the Honor Code, the
Men's and Women's Councils arc
sponsoring a round table discussion
tonight at. 7:15 o'clock. Faculty
members. Council members, and se
lected students will participate in
the Honor Code education program.
The agenda for the Honor Code
discussion includes "Reporting of
Cases," ''Manner of Handling," and
"Penalties." A1 Horn, former Men's
Council chairman, who has had close
touch with the workings of the
Code, will head the round table.
John Porter and Barbara Goodrich
handled preparations.
To promote closer faculty-student
co-operation and to improve the ef
ficiency of the Honor Code, the
Men's and Women's Councils arc
sponsoring a round table discussion
tonight at. 7:15 o'clock. Faculty
members. Council members, and se
lected students will participate in
the Honor Code education program.
The agenda for the Honor Code
discussion includes "Reporting of
Cases," ''Manner of Handling," and
"Penalties." A1 Horn, former Men's
Council chairman, who has had close
touch with the workings of the
Code, will head the round table.
John Porter and Barbara Goodrich
handled preparations.
To promote closer faculty-student
co-operation and to improve the ef
ficiency of the Honor Code, the
Men's and Women's Councils arc
sponsoring a round table discussion
tonight at. 7:15 o'clock. Faculty
members. Council members, and se
lected students will participate in
the Honor Code education program.
The agenda for the Honor Code
discussion includes "Reporting of
Cases," ''Manner of Handling," and
"Penalties." A1 Horn, former Men's
Council chairman, who has had close
touch with the workings of the
Code, will head the round table.
John Porter and Barbara Goodrich
handled preparations.
To promote closer faculty-student
co-operation and to improve the ef
ficiency of the Honor Code, the
Men's and Women's Councils arc
sponsoring a round table discussion
tonight at. 7:15 o'clock. Faculty
members. Council members, and se
lected students will participate in
the Honor Code education program.
The agenda for the Honor Code
discussion includes "Reporting of
Cases," ''Manner of Handling," and
"Penalties." A1 Horn, former Men's
Council chairman, who has had close
touch with the workings of the
Code, will head the round table.
John Porter and Barbara Goodrich
handled preparations.
To promote closer faculty-student
co-operation and to improve the ef
ficiency of the Honor Code, the
Men's and Women's Councils arc
sponsoring a round table discussion
tonight at. 7:15 o'clock. Faculty
members. Council members, and se
lected students will participate in
the Honor Code education program.
The agenda for the Honor Code
discussion includes "Reporting of
Cases," ''Manner of Handling," and
"Penalties." A1 Horn, former Men's
Council chairman, who has had close
touch with the workings of the
Code, will head the round table.
John Porter and Barbara Goodrich
handled preparations.
To promote closer faculty-student
co-operation and to improve the ef
ficiency of the Honor Code, the
Men's and Women's Councils arc
sponsoring a round table discussion
tonight at. 7:15 o'clock. Faculty
members. Council members, and se
lected students will participate in
the Honor Code education program.
The agenda for the Honor Code
discussion includes "Reporting of
Cases," ''Manner of Handling," and
"Penalties." A1 Horn, former Men's
Council chairman, who has had close
touch with the workings of the
Code, will head the round table.
John Porter and Barbara Goodrich
handled preparations.
To promote closer faculty-student
co-operation and to improve the ef
ficiency of the Honor Code, the
Men's and Women's Councils arc
sponsoring a round table discussion
tonight at. 7:15 o'clock. Faculty
members. Council members, and se
lected students will participate in
the Honor Code education program.
The agenda for the Honor Code
discussion includes "Reporting of
Cases," ''Manner of Handling," and
"Penalties." A1 Horn, former Men's
Council chairman, who has had close
touch with the workings of the
Code, will head the round table.
John Porter and Barbara Goodrich
handled preparations.
To promote closer faculty-student
co-operation and to improve the ef
ficiency of the Honor Code, the
Men's and Women's Councils arc
sponsoring a round table discussion
tonight at. 7:15 o'clock. Faculty
members. Council members, and se
lected students will participate in
the Honor Code education program.
The agenda for the Honor Code
discussion includes "Reporting of
Cases," ''Manner of Handling," and
"Penalties." A1 Horn, former Men's
Council chairman, who has had close
touch with the workings of the
Code, will head the round table.
John Porter and Barbara Goodrich
handled preparations.
To promote closer faculty-student
co-operation and to improve the ef
ficiency of the Honor Code, the
Men's and Women's Councils arc
sponsoring a round table discussion
tonight at. 7:15 o'clock. Faculty
members. Council members, and se
lected students will participate in
the Honor Code education program.
The agenda for the Honor Code
discussion includes "Reporting of
Cases," ''Manner of Handling," and
"Penalties." A1 Horn, former Men's
Council chairman, who has had close
touch with the workings of the
Code, will head the round table.
John Porter and Barbara Goodrich
handled preparations.
To promote closer faculty-student
co-operation and to improve the ef
ficiency of the Honor Code, the
Men's and Women's Councils arc
sponsoring a round table discussion
tonight at. 7:15 o'clock. Faculty
members. Council members, and se
lected students will participate in
the Honor Code education program.
The agenda for the Honor Code
discussion includes "Reporting of
Cases," ''Manner of Handling," and
"Penalties." A1 Horn, former Men's
Council chairman, who has had close
touch with the workings of the
Code, will head the round table.
John Porter and Barbara Goodrich
handled preparations.
To promote closer faculty-student
co-operation and to improve the ef
ficiency of the Honor Code, the
Men's and Women's Councils arc
sponsoring a round table discussion
tonight at. 7:15 o'clock. Faculty
members. Council members, and se
lected students will participate in
the Honor Code education program.
The agenda for the Honor Code
discussion includes "Reporting of
Cases," ''Manner of Handling," and
"Penalties." A1 Horn, former Men's
Council chairman, who has had close
touch with the workings of the
Code, will head the round table.
John Porter and Barbara Goodrich
handled preparations.
To promote closer faculty-student
co-operation and to improve the ef
ficiency of the Honor Code, the
Men's and Women's Councils arc
sponsoring a round table discussion
tonight at. 7:15 o'clock. Faculty
members. Council members, and se
lected students will participate in
the Honor Code education program.
The agenda for the Honor Code
discussion includes "Reporting of
Cases," ''Manner of Handling," and
"Penalties." A1 Horn, former Men's
Council chairman, who has had close
touch with the workings of the
Code, will head the round table.
John Porter and Barbara Goodrich
handled preparations.
To promote closer faculty-student
co-operation and to improve the ef
ficiency of the Honor Code, the
Men's and Women's Councils arc
sponsoring a round table discussion
tonight at. 7:15 o'clock. Faculty
members. Council members, and se
lected students will participate in
the Honor Code education program.
The agenda for the Honor Code
discussion includes "Reporting of
Cases," ''Manner of Handling," and
"Penalties." A1 Horn, former Men's
Council chairman, who has had close
touch with the workings of the
Code, will head the round table.
John Porter and Barbara Goodrich
handled preparations.
To promote closer faculty-student
co-operation and to improve the ef
ficiency of the Honor Code, the
Men's and Women's Councils arc
sponsoring a round table discussion
tonight at. 7:15 o'clock. Faculty
members. Council members, and se
lected students will participate in
the Honor Code education program.
The agenda for the Honor Code
discussion includes "Reporting of
Cases," ''Manner of Handling," and
"Penalties." A1 Horn, former Men's
Council chairman, who has had close
touch with the workings of the
Code, will head the round table.
John Porter and Barbara Goodrich
handled preparations.
To promote closer faculty-student
co-operation and to improve the ef
ficiency of the Honor Code, the
Men's and Women's Councils arc
sponsoring a round table discussion
tonight at. 7:15 o'clock. Faculty
members. Council members, and se
lected students will participate in
the Honor Code education program.
The agenda for the Honor Code
discussion includes "Reporting of
Cases," ''Manner of Handling," and
"Penalties." A1 Horn, former Men's
Council chairman, who has had close
touch with the workings of the
Code, will head the round table.
John Porter and Barbara Goodrich
handled preparations.
