# Senior Prom Will Feature Roble Singer
## Gym to Be Decorated In Black and Silver With Indirect Light 
### 
Adding Stanford's contribution to
Freddy Martin's Prom music, word
has been received that Harva Sprag
er, talented freshman songstress,
will probably be a featured part of
Martin's program Friday night.
Scheduled to sing in Los Angeles
tonight, Miss Sprager is contacting
Martin through the L. A. Music Cor
poration of Amci'ica office to make
final arrangements and rehearsal
dates.
The huge benefit program for the
Mount Sinai Hospital being given
in the Shrine Auditorium at Los An
geles will be the occasion for her
appearance tonight as the only non
professional entertainer on the line
up. The benefit is supported by an
organization of 5000 Hollywood ac
tors and actresses, with Edward Ar
nold as chairman.
CONTACTS M.C.A.
Contact was made with head of
the San Francisco M.C.A. ofiiice,
who enthusiastically seconded the

suggestion that Miss Sprager sing at
the Prom, authorized her to get in
touch with Martin through the L.A.
representative, Larry Barnett. If ar
rangements go through, she will re
hearse with Martin during the next
two days, make a special iiip back
to Stanford in time for the Prom.
With bid sale maintaining an ap
proximate average rate of 10 per
hour for the short period they have
been on sale at the A.S.S.U. office,
and house and hall phones playing
messenger for Prom invitations,
committee heads have gone ahead
with definite plans for the dance.
SIMPLE DECORATIONS
Decorations will be simple
throughout, with Lagunita's Patty
Bosqui contributing her cut-out
"tin-types" to provide silver high
lights for a black background. Ef
fort will be made to get away from
gingerbread flourishes, with soft
colored lights providing indirect il
lumination. Decorations are being
handled by Jack Laney, with a large
field crew at work under Decorator
Burt Goodwin.
Refreshments will be provided for
dancers, either punch or coca-cola.
Arrangements are being made by a
committee under Walt Meyer and
Howard Naquin. Patrons and pa
tronesses have been invited to at
tend the dance by Edwina Ellis and
include Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. George Knoles, and
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Van Wagenen.


IIARVA SPRAGER
Adding Stanford's contribution to
Freddy Martin's Prom music, word
has been received that Harva Sprag
er, talented freshman songstress,
will probably be a featured part of
Martin's program Friday night.
Scheduled to sing in Los Angeles
tonight, Miss Sprager is contacting
Martin through the L. A. Music Cor
poration of Amci'ica office to make
final arrangements and rehearsal
dates.
The huge benefit program for the
Mount Sinai Hospital being given
in the Shrine Auditorium at Los An
geles will be the occasion for her
appearance tonight as the only non
professional entertainer on the line
up. The benefit is supported by an
organization of 5000 Hollywood ac
tors and actresses, with Edward Ar
nold as chairman.
CONTACTS M.C.A.
Contact was made with head of
the San Francisco M.C.A. ofiiice,
who enthusiastically seconded the

suggestion that Miss Sprager sing at
the Prom, authorized her to get in
touch with Martin through the L.A.
representative, Larry Barnett. If ar
rangements go through, she will re
hearse with Martin during the next
two days, make a special iiip back
to Stanford in time for the Prom.
With bid sale maintaining an ap
proximate average rate of 10 per
hour for the short period they have
been on sale at the A.S.S.U. office,
and house and hall phones playing
messenger for Prom invitations,
committee heads have gone ahead
with definite plans for the dance.
SIMPLE DECORATIONS
Decorations will be simple
throughout, with Lagunita's Patty
Bosqui contributing her cut-out
"tin-types" to provide silver high
lights for a black background. Ef
fort will be made to get away from
gingerbread flourishes, with soft
colored lights providing indirect il
lumination. Decorations are being
handled by Jack Laney, with a large
field crew at work under Decorator
Burt Goodwin.
Refreshments will be provided for
dancers, either punch or coca-cola.
Arrangements are being made by a
committee under Walt Meyer and
Howard Naquin. Patrons and pa
tronesses have been invited to at
tend the dance by Edwina Ellis and
include Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. George Knoles, and
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Van Wagenen.


IIARVA SPRAGER
Adding Stanford's contribution to
Freddy Martin's Prom music, word
has been received that Harva Sprag
er, talented freshman songstress,
will probably be a featured part of
Martin's program Friday night.
Scheduled to sing in Los Angeles
tonight, Miss Sprager is contacting
Martin through the L. A. Music Cor
poration of Amci'ica office to make
final arrangements and rehearsal
dates.
The huge benefit program for the
Mount Sinai Hospital being given
in the Shrine Auditorium at Los An
geles will be the occasion for her
appearance tonight as the only non
professional entertainer on the line
up. The benefit is supported by an
organization of 5000 Hollywood ac
tors and actresses, with Edward Ar
nold as chairman.
CONTACTS M.C.A.
Contact was made with head of
the San Francisco M.C.A. ofiiice,
who enthusiastically seconded the

suggestion that Miss Sprager sing at
the Prom, authorized her to get in
touch with Martin through the L.A.
representative, Larry Barnett. If ar
rangements go through, she will re
hearse with Martin during the next
two days, make a special iiip back
to Stanford in time for the Prom.
With bid sale maintaining an ap
proximate average rate of 10 per
hour for the short period they have
been on sale at the A.S.S.U. office,
and house and hall phones playing
messenger for Prom invitations,
committee heads have gone ahead
with definite plans for the dance.
SIMPLE DECORATIONS
Decorations will be simple
throughout, with Lagunita's Patty
Bosqui contributing her cut-out
"tin-types" to provide silver high
lights for a black background. Ef
fort will be made to get away from
gingerbread flourishes, with soft
colored lights providing indirect il
lumination. Decorations are being
handled by Jack Laney, with a large
field crew at work under Decorator
Burt Goodwin.
Refreshments will be provided for
dancers, either punch or coca-cola.
Arrangements are being made by a
committee under Walt Meyer and
Howard Naquin. Patrons and pa
tronesses have been invited to at
tend the dance by Edwina Ellis and
include Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. George Knoles, and
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Van Wagenen.


IIARVA SPRAGER
Adding Stanford's contribution to
Freddy Martin's Prom music, word
has been received that Harva Sprag
er, talented freshman songstress,
will probably be a featured part of
Martin's program Friday night.
Scheduled to sing in Los Angeles
tonight, Miss Sprager is contacting
Martin through the L. A. Music Cor
poration of Amci'ica office to make
final arrangements and rehearsal
dates.
The huge benefit program for the
Mount Sinai Hospital being given
in the Shrine Auditorium at Los An
geles will be the occasion for her
appearance tonight as the only non
professional entertainer on the line
up. The benefit is supported by an
organization of 5000 Hollywood ac
tors and actresses, with Edward Ar
nold as chairman.
CONTACTS M.C.A.
Contact was made with head of
the San Francisco M.C.A. ofiiice,
who enthusiastically seconded the

suggestion that Miss Sprager sing at
the Prom, authorized her to get in
touch with Martin through the L.A.
representative, Larry Barnett. If ar
rangements go through, she will re
hearse with Martin during the next
two days, make a special iiip back
to Stanford in time for the Prom.
With bid sale maintaining an ap
proximate average rate of 10 per
hour for the short period they have
been on sale at the A.S.S.U. office,
and house and hall phones playing
messenger for Prom invitations,
committee heads have gone ahead
with definite plans for the dance.
SIMPLE DECORATIONS
Decorations will be simple
throughout, with Lagunita's Patty
Bosqui contributing her cut-out
"tin-types" to provide silver high
lights for a black background. Ef
fort will be made to get away from
gingerbread flourishes, with soft
colored lights providing indirect il
lumination. Decorations are being
handled by Jack Laney, with a large
field crew at work under Decorator
Burt Goodwin.
Refreshments will be provided for
dancers, either punch or coca-cola.
Arrangements are being made by a
committee under Walt Meyer and
Howard Naquin. Patrons and pa
tronesses have been invited to at
tend the dance by Edwina Ellis and
include Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. George Knoles, and
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Van Wagenen.


IIARVA SPRAGER
Adding Stanford's contribution to
Freddy Martin's Prom music, word
has been received that Harva Sprag
er, talented freshman songstress,
will probably be a featured part of
Martin's program Friday night.
Scheduled to sing in Los Angeles
tonight, Miss Sprager is contacting
Martin through the L. A. Music Cor
poration of Amci'ica office to make
final arrangements and rehearsal
dates.
The huge benefit program for the
Mount Sinai Hospital being given
in the Shrine Auditorium at Los An
geles will be the occasion for her
appearance tonight as the only non
professional entertainer on the line
up. The benefit is supported by an
organization of 5000 Hollywood ac
tors and actresses, with Edward Ar
nold as chairman.
CONTACTS M.C.A.
Contact was made with head of
the San Francisco M.C.A. ofiiice,
who enthusiastically seconded the

suggestion that Miss Sprager sing at
the Prom, authorized her to get in
touch with Martin through the L.A.
representative, Larry Barnett. If ar
rangements go through, she will re
hearse with Martin during the next
two days, make a special iiip back
to Stanford in time for the Prom.
With bid sale maintaining an ap
proximate average rate of 10 per
hour for the short period they have
been on sale at the A.S.S.U. office,
and house and hall phones playing
messenger for Prom invitations,
committee heads have gone ahead
with definite plans for the dance.
SIMPLE DECORATIONS
Decorations will be simple
throughout, with Lagunita's Patty
Bosqui contributing her cut-out
"tin-types" to provide silver high
lights for a black background. Ef
fort will be made to get away from
gingerbread flourishes, with soft
colored lights providing indirect il
lumination. Decorations are being
handled by Jack Laney, with a large
field crew at work under Decorator
Burt Goodwin.
Refreshments will be provided for
dancers, either punch or coca-cola.
Arrangements are being made by a
committee under Walt Meyer and
Howard Naquin. Patrons and pa
tronesses have been invited to at
tend the dance by Edwina Ellis and
include Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. George Knoles, and
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Van Wagenen.


IIARVA SPRAGER
Adding Stanford's contribution to
Freddy Martin's Prom music, word
has been received that Harva Sprag
er, talented freshman songstress,
will probably be a featured part of
Martin's program Friday night.
Scheduled to sing in Los Angeles
tonight, Miss Sprager is contacting
Martin through the L. A. Music Cor
poration of Amci'ica office to make
final arrangements and rehearsal
dates.
The huge benefit program for the
Mount Sinai Hospital being given
in the Shrine Auditorium at Los An
geles will be the occasion for her
appearance tonight as the only non
professional entertainer on the line
up. The benefit is supported by an
organization of 5000 Hollywood ac
tors and actresses, with Edward Ar
nold as chairman.
CONTACTS M.C.A.
Contact was made with head of
the San Francisco M.C.A. ofiiice,
who enthusiastically seconded the

suggestion that Miss Sprager sing at
the Prom, authorized her to get in
touch with Martin through the L.A.
representative, Larry Barnett. If ar
rangements go through, she will re
hearse with Martin during the next
two days, make a special iiip back
to Stanford in time for the Prom.
With bid sale maintaining an ap
proximate average rate of 10 per
hour for the short period they have
been on sale at the A.S.S.U. office,
and house and hall phones playing
messenger for Prom invitations,
committee heads have gone ahead
with definite plans for the dance.
SIMPLE DECORATIONS
Decorations will be simple
throughout, with Lagunita's Patty
Bosqui contributing her cut-out
"tin-types" to provide silver high
lights for a black background. Ef
fort will be made to get away from
gingerbread flourishes, with soft
colored lights providing indirect il
lumination. Decorations are being
handled by Jack Laney, with a large
field crew at work under Decorator
Burt Goodwin.
Refreshments will be provided for
dancers, either punch or coca-cola.
Arrangements are being made by a
committee under Walt Meyer and
Howard Naquin. Patrons and pa
tronesses have been invited to at
tend the dance by Edwina Ellis and
include Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. George Knoles, and
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Van Wagenen.


IIARVA SPRAGER
Adding Stanford's contribution to
Freddy Martin's Prom music, word
has been received that Harva Sprag
er, talented freshman songstress,
will probably be a featured part of
Martin's program Friday night.
Scheduled to sing in Los Angeles
tonight, Miss Sprager is contacting
Martin through the L. A. Music Cor
poration of Amci'ica office to make
final arrangements and rehearsal
dates.
The huge benefit program for the
Mount Sinai Hospital being given
in the Shrine Auditorium at Los An
geles will be the occasion for her
appearance tonight as the only non
professional entertainer on the line
up. The benefit is supported by an
organization of 5000 Hollywood ac
tors and actresses, with Edward Ar
nold as chairman.
CONTACTS M.C.A.
Contact was made with head of
the San Francisco M.C.A. ofiiice,
who enthusiastically seconded the

suggestion that Miss Sprager sing at
the Prom, authorized her to get in
touch with Martin through the L.A.
representative, Larry Barnett. If ar
rangements go through, she will re
hearse with Martin during the next
two days, make a special iiip back
to Stanford in time for the Prom.
With bid sale maintaining an ap
proximate average rate of 10 per
hour for the short period they have
been on sale at the A.S.S.U. office,
and house and hall phones playing
messenger for Prom invitations,
committee heads have gone ahead
with definite plans for the dance.
SIMPLE DECORATIONS
Decorations will be simple
throughout, with Lagunita's Patty
Bosqui contributing her cut-out
"tin-types" to provide silver high
lights for a black background. Ef
fort will be made to get away from
gingerbread flourishes, with soft
colored lights providing indirect il
lumination. Decorations are being
handled by Jack Laney, with a large
field crew at work under Decorator
Burt Goodwin.
Refreshments will be provided for
dancers, either punch or coca-cola.
Arrangements are being made by a
committee under Walt Meyer and
Howard Naquin. Patrons and pa
tronesses have been invited to at
tend the dance by Edwina Ellis and
include Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. George Knoles, and
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Van Wagenen.


IIARVA SPRAGER
Adding Stanford's contribution to
Freddy Martin's Prom music, word
has been received that Harva Sprag
er, talented freshman songstress,
will probably be a featured part of
Martin's program Friday night.
Scheduled to sing in Los Angeles
tonight, Miss Sprager is contacting
Martin through the L. A. Music Cor
poration of Amci'ica office to make
final arrangements and rehearsal
dates.
The huge benefit program for the
Mount Sinai Hospital being given
in the Shrine Auditorium at Los An
geles will be the occasion for her
appearance tonight as the only non
professional entertainer on the line
up. The benefit is supported by an
organization of 5000 Hollywood ac
tors and actresses, with Edward Ar
nold as chairman.
CONTACTS M.C.A.
Contact was made with head of
the San Francisco M.C.A. ofiiice,
who enthusiastically seconded the

suggestion that Miss Sprager sing at
the Prom, authorized her to get in
touch with Martin through the L.A.
representative, Larry Barnett. If ar
rangements go through, she will re
hearse with Martin during the next
two days, make a special iiip back
to Stanford in time for the Prom.
With bid sale maintaining an ap
proximate average rate of 10 per
hour for the short period they have
been on sale at the A.S.S.U. office,
and house and hall phones playing
messenger for Prom invitations,
committee heads have gone ahead
with definite plans for the dance.
SIMPLE DECORATIONS
Decorations will be simple
throughout, with Lagunita's Patty
Bosqui contributing her cut-out
"tin-types" to provide silver high
lights for a black background. Ef
fort will be made to get away from
gingerbread flourishes, with soft
colored lights providing indirect il
lumination. Decorations are being
handled by Jack Laney, with a large
field crew at work under Decorator
Burt Goodwin.
Refreshments will be provided for
dancers, either punch or coca-cola.
Arrangements are being made by a
committee under Walt Meyer and
Howard Naquin. Patrons and pa
tronesses have been invited to at
tend the dance by Edwina Ellis and
include Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. George Knoles, and
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Van Wagenen.


IIARVA SPRAGER
Adding Stanford's contribution to
Freddy Martin's Prom music, word
has been received that Harva Sprag
er, talented freshman songstress,
will probably be a featured part of
Martin's program Friday night.
Scheduled to sing in Los Angeles
tonight, Miss Sprager is contacting
Martin through the L. A. Music Cor
poration of Amci'ica office to make
final arrangements and rehearsal
dates.
The huge benefit program for the
Mount Sinai Hospital being given
in the Shrine Auditorium at Los An
geles will be the occasion for her
appearance tonight as the only non
professional entertainer on the line
up. The benefit is supported by an
organization of 5000 Hollywood ac
tors and actresses, with Edward Ar
nold as chairman.
CONTACTS M.C.A.
Contact was made with head of
the San Francisco M.C.A. ofiiice,
who enthusiastically seconded the

suggestion that Miss Sprager sing at
the Prom, authorized her to get in
touch with Martin through the L.A.
representative, Larry Barnett. If ar
rangements go through, she will re
hearse with Martin during the next
two days, make a special iiip back
to Stanford in time for the Prom.
With bid sale maintaining an ap
proximate average rate of 10 per
hour for the short period they have
been on sale at the A.S.S.U. office,
and house and hall phones playing
messenger for Prom invitations,
committee heads have gone ahead
with definite plans for the dance.
SIMPLE DECORATIONS
Decorations will be simple
throughout, with Lagunita's Patty
Bosqui contributing her cut-out
"tin-types" to provide silver high
lights for a black background. Ef
fort will be made to get away from
gingerbread flourishes, with soft
colored lights providing indirect il
lumination. Decorations are being
handled by Jack Laney, with a large
field crew at work under Decorator
Burt Goodwin.
Refreshments will be provided for
dancers, either punch or coca-cola.
Arrangements are being made by a
committee under Walt Meyer and
Howard Naquin. Patrons and pa
tronesses have been invited to at
tend the dance by Edwina Ellis and
include Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. George Knoles, and
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Van Wagenen.


IIARVA SPRAGER
Adding Stanford's contribution to
Freddy Martin's Prom music, word
has been received that Harva Sprag
er, talented freshman songstress,
will probably be a featured part of
Martin's program Friday night.
Scheduled to sing in Los Angeles
tonight, Miss Sprager is contacting
Martin through the L. A. Music Cor
poration of Amci'ica office to make
final arrangements and rehearsal
dates.
The huge benefit program for the
Mount Sinai Hospital being given
in the Shrine Auditorium at Los An
geles will be the occasion for her
appearance tonight as the only non
professional entertainer on the line
up. The benefit is supported by an
organization of 5000 Hollywood ac
tors and actresses, with Edward Ar
nold as chairman.
CONTACTS M.C.A.
Contact was made with head of
the San Francisco M.C.A. ofiiice,
who enthusiastically seconded the

suggestion that Miss Sprager sing at
the Prom, authorized her to get in
touch with Martin through the L.A.
representative, Larry Barnett. If ar
rangements go through, she will re
hearse with Martin during the next
two days, make a special iiip back
to Stanford in time for the Prom.
With bid sale maintaining an ap
proximate average rate of 10 per
hour for the short period they have
been on sale at the A.S.S.U. office,
and house and hall phones playing
messenger for Prom invitations,
committee heads have gone ahead
with definite plans for the dance.
SIMPLE DECORATIONS
Decorations will be simple
throughout, with Lagunita's Patty
Bosqui contributing her cut-out
"tin-types" to provide silver high
lights for a black background. Ef
fort will be made to get away from
gingerbread flourishes, with soft
colored lights providing indirect il
lumination. Decorations are being
handled by Jack Laney, with a large
field crew at work under Decorator
Burt Goodwin.
Refreshments will be provided for
dancers, either punch or coca-cola.
Arrangements are being made by a
committee under Walt Meyer and
Howard Naquin. Patrons and pa
tronesses have been invited to at
tend the dance by Edwina Ellis and
include Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. George Knoles, and
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Van Wagenen.


IIARVA SPRAGER
Adding Stanford's contribution to
Freddy Martin's Prom music, word
has been received that Harva Sprag
er, talented freshman songstress,
will probably be a featured part of
Martin's program Friday night.
Scheduled to sing in Los Angeles
tonight, Miss Sprager is contacting
Martin through the L. A. Music Cor
poration of Amci'ica office to make
final arrangements and rehearsal
dates.
The huge benefit program for the
Mount Sinai Hospital being given
in the Shrine Auditorium at Los An
geles will be the occasion for her
appearance tonight as the only non
professional entertainer on the line
up. The benefit is supported by an
organization of 5000 Hollywood ac
tors and actresses, with Edward Ar
nold as chairman.
CONTACTS M.C.A.
Contact was made with head of
the San Francisco M.C.A. ofiiice,
who enthusiastically seconded the

suggestion that Miss Sprager sing at
the Prom, authorized her to get in
touch with Martin through the L.A.
representative, Larry Barnett. If ar
rangements go through, she will re
hearse with Martin during the next
two days, make a special iiip back
to Stanford in time for the Prom.
With bid sale maintaining an ap
proximate average rate of 10 per
hour for the short period they have
been on sale at the A.S.S.U. office,
and house and hall phones playing
messenger for Prom invitations,
committee heads have gone ahead
with definite plans for the dance.
SIMPLE DECORATIONS
Decorations will be simple
throughout, with Lagunita's Patty
Bosqui contributing her cut-out
"tin-types" to provide silver high
lights for a black background. Ef
fort will be made to get away from
gingerbread flourishes, with soft
colored lights providing indirect il
lumination. Decorations are being
handled by Jack Laney, with a large
field crew at work under Decorator
Burt Goodwin.
Refreshments will be provided for
dancers, either punch or coca-cola.
Arrangements are being made by a
committee under Walt Meyer and
Howard Naquin. Patrons and pa
tronesses have been invited to at
tend the dance by Edwina Ellis and
include Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. George Knoles, and
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Van Wagenen.


IIARVA SPRAGER
Adding Stanford's contribution to
Freddy Martin's Prom music, word
has been received that Harva Sprag
er, talented freshman songstress,
will probably be a featured part of
Martin's program Friday night.
Scheduled to sing in Los Angeles
tonight, Miss Sprager is contacting
Martin through the L. A. Music Cor
poration of Amci'ica office to make
final arrangements and rehearsal
dates.
The huge benefit program for the
Mount Sinai Hospital being given
in the Shrine Auditorium at Los An
geles will be the occasion for her
appearance tonight as the only non
professional entertainer on the line
up. The benefit is supported by an
organization of 5000 Hollywood ac
tors and actresses, with Edward Ar
nold as chairman.
CONTACTS M.C.A.
Contact was made with head of
the San Francisco M.C.A. ofiiice,
who enthusiastically seconded the

suggestion that Miss Sprager sing at
the Prom, authorized her to get in
touch with Martin through the L.A.
representative, Larry Barnett. If ar
rangements go through, she will re
hearse with Martin during the next
two days, make a special iiip back
to Stanford in time for the Prom.
With bid sale maintaining an ap
proximate average rate of 10 per
hour for the short period they have
been on sale at the A.S.S.U. office,
and house and hall phones playing
messenger for Prom invitations,
committee heads have gone ahead
with definite plans for the dance.
SIMPLE DECORATIONS
Decorations will be simple
throughout, with Lagunita's Patty
Bosqui contributing her cut-out
"tin-types" to provide silver high
lights for a black background. Ef
fort will be made to get away from
gingerbread flourishes, with soft
colored lights providing indirect il
lumination. Decorations are being
handled by Jack Laney, with a large
field crew at work under Decorator
Burt Goodwin.
Refreshments will be provided for
dancers, either punch or coca-cola.
Arrangements are being made by a
committee under Walt Meyer and
Howard Naquin. Patrons and pa
tronesses have been invited to at
tend the dance by Edwina Ellis and
include Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. George Knoles, and
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Van Wagenen.


IIARVA SPRAGER
Adding Stanford's contribution to
Freddy Martin's Prom music, word
has been received that Harva Sprag
er, talented freshman songstress,
will probably be a featured part of
Martin's program Friday night.
Scheduled to sing in Los Angeles
tonight, Miss Sprager is contacting
Martin through the L. A. Music Cor
poration of Amci'ica office to make
final arrangements and rehearsal
dates.
The huge benefit program for the
Mount Sinai Hospital being given
in the Shrine Auditorium at Los An
geles will be the occasion for her
appearance tonight as the only non
professional entertainer on the line
up. The benefit is supported by an
organization of 5000 Hollywood ac
tors and actresses, with Edward Ar
nold as chairman.
CONTACTS M.C.A.
Contact was made with head of
the San Francisco M.C.A. ofiiice,
who enthusiastically seconded the

suggestion that Miss Sprager sing at
the Prom, authorized her to get in
touch with Martin through the L.A.
representative, Larry Barnett. If ar
rangements go through, she will re
hearse with Martin during the next
two days, make a special iiip back
to Stanford in time for the Prom.
With bid sale maintaining an ap
proximate average rate of 10 per
hour for the short period they have
been on sale at the A.S.S.U. office,
and house and hall phones playing
messenger for Prom invitations,
committee heads have gone ahead
with definite plans for the dance.
SIMPLE DECORATIONS
Decorations will be simple
throughout, with Lagunita's Patty
Bosqui contributing her cut-out
"tin-types" to provide silver high
lights for a black background. Ef
fort will be made to get away from
gingerbread flourishes, with soft
colored lights providing indirect il
lumination. Decorations are being
handled by Jack Laney, with a large
field crew at work under Decorator
Burt Goodwin.
Refreshments will be provided for
dancers, either punch or coca-cola.
Arrangements are being made by a
committee under Walt Meyer and
Howard Naquin. Patrons and pa
tronesses have been invited to at
tend the dance by Edwina Ellis and
include Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. George Knoles, and
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Van Wagenen.


IIARVA SPRAGER
Adding Stanford's contribution to
Freddy Martin's Prom music, word
has been received that Harva Sprag
er, talented freshman songstress,
will probably be a featured part of
Martin's program Friday night.
Scheduled to sing in Los Angeles
tonight, Miss Sprager is contacting
Martin through the L. A. Music Cor
poration of Amci'ica office to make
final arrangements and rehearsal
dates.
The huge benefit program for the
Mount Sinai Hospital being given
in the Shrine Auditorium at Los An
geles will be the occasion for her
appearance tonight as the only non
professional entertainer on the line
up. The benefit is supported by an
organization of 5000 Hollywood ac
tors and actresses, with Edward Ar
nold as chairman.
CONTACTS M.C.A.
Contact was made with head of
the San Francisco M.C.A. ofiiice,
who enthusiastically seconded the

suggestion that Miss Sprager sing at
the Prom, authorized her to get in
touch with Martin through the L.A.
representative, Larry Barnett. If ar
rangements go through, she will re
hearse with Martin during the next
two days, make a special iiip back
to Stanford in time for the Prom.
With bid sale maintaining an ap
proximate average rate of 10 per
hour for the short period they have
been on sale at the A.S.S.U. office,
and house and hall phones playing
messenger for Prom invitations,
committee heads have gone ahead
with definite plans for the dance.
SIMPLE DECORATIONS
Decorations will be simple
throughout, with Lagunita's Patty
Bosqui contributing her cut-out
"tin-types" to provide silver high
lights for a black background. Ef
fort will be made to get away from
gingerbread flourishes, with soft
colored lights providing indirect il
lumination. Decorations are being
handled by Jack Laney, with a large
field crew at work under Decorator
Burt Goodwin.
Refreshments will be provided for
dancers, either punch or coca-cola.
Arrangements are being made by a
committee under Walt Meyer and
Howard Naquin. Patrons and pa
tronesses have been invited to at
tend the dance by Edwina Ellis and
include Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. George Knoles, and
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Van Wagenen.


IIARVA SPRAGER
Adding Stanford's contribution to
Freddy Martin's Prom music, word
has been received that Harva Sprag
er, talented freshman songstress,
will probably be a featured part of
Martin's program Friday night.
Scheduled to sing in Los Angeles
tonight, Miss Sprager is contacting
Martin through the L. A. Music Cor
poration of Amci'ica office to make
final arrangements and rehearsal
dates.
The huge benefit program for the
Mount Sinai Hospital being given
in the Shrine Auditorium at Los An
geles will be the occasion for her
appearance tonight as the only non
professional entertainer on the line
up. The benefit is supported by an
organization of 5000 Hollywood ac
tors and actresses, with Edward Ar
nold as chairman.
CONTACTS M.C.A.
Contact was made with head of
the San Francisco M.C.A. ofiiice,
who enthusiastically seconded the

suggestion that Miss Sprager sing at
the Prom, authorized her to get in
touch with Martin through the L.A.
representative, Larry Barnett. If ar
rangements go through, she will re
hearse with Martin during the next
two days, make a special iiip back
to Stanford in time for the Prom.
With bid sale maintaining an ap
proximate average rate of 10 per
hour for the short period they have
been on sale at the A.S.S.U. office,
and house and hall phones playing
messenger for Prom invitations,
committee heads have gone ahead
with definite plans for the dance.
SIMPLE DECORATIONS
Decorations will be simple
throughout, with Lagunita's Patty
Bosqui contributing her cut-out
"tin-types" to provide silver high
lights for a black background. Ef
fort will be made to get away from
gingerbread flourishes, with soft
colored lights providing indirect il
lumination. Decorations are being
handled by Jack Laney, with a large
field crew at work under Decorator
Burt Goodwin.
Refreshments will be provided for
dancers, either punch or coca-cola.
Arrangements are being made by a
committee under Walt Meyer and
Howard Naquin. Patrons and pa
tronesses have been invited to at
tend the dance by Edwina Ellis and
include Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. George Knoles, and
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Van Wagenen.


IIARVA SPRAGER
Adding Stanford's contribution to
Freddy Martin's Prom music, word
has been received that Harva Sprag
er, talented freshman songstress,
will probably be a featured part of
Martin's program Friday night.
Scheduled to sing in Los Angeles
tonight, Miss Sprager is contacting
Martin through the L. A. Music Cor
poration of Amci'ica office to make
final arrangements and rehearsal
dates.
The huge benefit program for the
Mount Sinai Hospital being given
in the Shrine Auditorium at Los An
geles will be the occasion for her
appearance tonight as the only non
professional entertainer on the line
up. The benefit is supported by an
organization of 5000 Hollywood ac
tors and actresses, with Edward Ar
nold as chairman.
CONTACTS M.C.A.
Contact was made with head of
the San Francisco M.C.A. ofiiice,
who enthusiastically seconded the

suggestion that Miss Sprager sing at
the Prom, authorized her to get in
touch with Martin through the L.A.
representative, Larry Barnett. If ar
rangements go through, she will re
hearse with Martin during the next
two days, make a special iiip back
to Stanford in time for the Prom.
With bid sale maintaining an ap
proximate average rate of 10 per
hour for the short period they have
been on sale at the A.S.S.U. office,
and house and hall phones playing
messenger for Prom invitations,
committee heads have gone ahead
with definite plans for the dance.
SIMPLE DECORATIONS
Decorations will be simple
throughout, with Lagunita's Patty
Bosqui contributing her cut-out
"tin-types" to provide silver high
lights for a black background. Ef
fort will be made to get away from
gingerbread flourishes, with soft
colored lights providing indirect il
lumination. Decorations are being
handled by Jack Laney, with a large
field crew at work under Decorator
Burt Goodwin.
Refreshments will be provided for
dancers, either punch or coca-cola.
Arrangements are being made by a
committee under Walt Meyer and
Howard Naquin. Patrons and pa
tronesses have been invited to at
tend the dance by Edwina Ellis and
include Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Sharp,
Mr. and Mrs. George Knoles, and
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Van Wagenen.


IIARVA SPRAGER
