# Farm 'Y Members To Attend Jubilee
## 
### 
Miss Kay Rogers, "Y"' secretary,
Mrs. Harry Williams, assistant sec
retary, and cabinet, of the Stanford
Y.W.C.A., Mary Kay Horton, Vir
ginia Sterry, Barbara Templeton,
Claire Pflcuger, Angela Gates, and
Erma Celventra, are attending the
Jubilee Celebration of the fiftieth
anniversary of the University of
California's Y.W.C.A. at Berkeley
this afternoon.
Miss Lucy Ward Stebbins, dean of
women of the University of Califor
nia, is the luncheon speaker. Miss
Charlotte Niven, formerly an inter
national secretary of the Y.W.C.A.,
will speak at the afternoon program.
Miss Niven is to be on Stanford's
campus this next week.
The "Y" has received a letter of
thanks for their contribution to the
Far Eastern Drive from the Far
Eastern Student Service Fund. "This
contribution will assure the educa
tion of five more students in China.
We deeply appreciate the sense of
responsibility which the students of
Stanford have shown in making this
contribution," were the words of
Miss Molly Yard, executive secre
tary of the organization.
