# Igor Gorin Well Received By Stanford Audience
## 
### JOHN FLAHERTY 
Without shaking the Farm repu
tations of past Concert Series bari
tone singers, Igor Gorin last night
presented a concert as pleasing as it
was varied to a large Memorial Hall
audience undaunted by threatening
rain.
The young singer, known to
Stanford's radio listeners for his
work on "Hollywood Hotel," demon
strated a capable mastery of classic
and romantic music, displayed a
fresh, rich voice with sincere inter
pretation.
Opening his program with Peri's
"Invocazione di Orfeo," and "M'ha
preso alia sua ragna" (Paradies),
Gorin settled to his task to finish
the group with the rollicking "La
Danza" of Rossini.
SINGS GERMAN LIEDER
Devoting his second portion of the
program to German "lieder," Gor
in's warm upper ranges and sym
pathetic interpretation of the ro
mantic works of Franz, Schubert,
Wolf, Bungert, and Strauss brought
an encore of the lyric "Evening
Star" from "Tannhauser."
Turning to aria with Giordano's
"Nemico della Patria," from "An
drea Chenier," Gorin displayed to
its advantage a full command of the
dramatic mood, with the audience
calling him back to the stage to sing
the ever-popular "Largo al Fac
totum" from Rossini's "Barber of
Seville."
After-intermission groups open
ed with piano solos by the artist's

very excellent accompanist, Adolf
Bailer, who played Chopin's "Noc
turne in B Flat Minor," and a
Strauss-Grunfeld ''Paraphrase on
Johann Strauss Waltzez," with Mr.
Bailer deservedly being called upon
to encore his performance.
INTRODUCES OWN WORK
In his most popular group of the
evening, Gorin turned to the songs
of his own land, as well as intro
ducing a work of his ownâ€”"Cau
casian Melody." In the sombre "Over
the Steppe" (Gretchaninoff), and
"None but the Lonely Heart"
(Tschaikowsky), and the gay folk
ballads "Burlak," and "The Sleigh,"
the artist hit the high point of his
evening's performance.
Concluding his program with a
group of English lyrics, again in
cluding one of his own composition,
"Within My Dreams," Mr. Gorin left
his audience well pleased with his
evening's entertainment. Two en
cores were demanded, "Old Mother
Hubbard" (after the fashion of Han
del), and Albert Hay Malotte's set
ting of the "Lord's Prayer."
