# Chandler to Speak To Medical Group
## 
### 
Dr. Lorcn I?. Chandler, dean of
medicine at Stanford, will speak
this Monday before Skulls, Stan
ford's prc-mcdical association, on a
question paramount in every prc
mcd's mind: "Medical School Ad
missions."
Dr. Chandler will talk at Skulls'
first meeting of the quarter at 7:30
in Bowman Alumni House.
Other guests from the Stanford
faculty will be Dr. Philip A. Leigh
ton, Dr. Harry S. Moshcr, and Dr.
Carl R. Nollcr, of the chemistry
department.
Dr. Lorcn I?. Chandler, dean of
medicine at Stanford, will speak
this Monday before Skulls, Stan
ford's prc-mcdical association, on a
question paramount in every prc
mcd's mind: "Medical School Ad
missions."
Dr. Chandler will talk at Skulls'
first meeting of the quarter at 7:30
in Bowman Alumni House.
Other guests from the Stanford
faculty will be Dr. Philip A. Leigh
ton, Dr. Harry S. Moshcr, and Dr.
Carl R. Nollcr, of the chemistry
department.
Dr. Lorcn I?. Chandler, dean of
medicine at Stanford, will speak
this Monday before Skulls, Stan
ford's prc-mcdical association, on a
question paramount in every prc
mcd's mind: "Medical School Ad
missions."
Dr. Chandler will talk at Skulls'
first meeting of the quarter at 7:30
in Bowman Alumni House.
Other guests from the Stanford
faculty will be Dr. Philip A. Leigh
ton, Dr. Harry S. Moshcr, and Dr.
Carl R. Nollcr, of the chemistry
department.
Dr. Lorcn I?. Chandler, dean of
medicine at Stanford, will speak
this Monday before Skulls, Stan
ford's prc-mcdical association, on a
question paramount in every prc
mcd's mind: "Medical School Ad
missions."
Dr. Chandler will talk at Skulls'
first meeting of the quarter at 7:30
in Bowman Alumni House.
Other guests from the Stanford
faculty will be Dr. Philip A. Leigh
ton, Dr. Harry S. Moshcr, and Dr.
Carl R. Nollcr, of the chemistry
department.
Dr. Lorcn I?. Chandler, dean of
medicine at Stanford, will speak
this Monday before Skulls, Stan
ford's prc-mcdical association, on a
question paramount in every prc
mcd's mind: "Medical School Ad
missions."
Dr. Chandler will talk at Skulls'
first meeting of the quarter at 7:30
in Bowman Alumni House.
Other guests from the Stanford
faculty will be Dr. Philip A. Leigh
ton, Dr. Harry S. Moshcr, and Dr.
Carl R. Nollcr, of the chemistry
department.
Dr. Lorcn I?. Chandler, dean of
medicine at Stanford, will speak
this Monday before Skulls, Stan
ford's prc-mcdical association, on a
question paramount in every prc
mcd's mind: "Medical School Ad
missions."
Dr. Chandler will talk at Skulls'
first meeting of the quarter at 7:30
in Bowman Alumni House.
Other guests from the Stanford
faculty will be Dr. Philip A. Leigh
ton, Dr. Harry S. Moshcr, and Dr.
Carl R. Nollcr, of the chemistry
department.
Dr. Lorcn I?. Chandler, dean of
medicine at Stanford, will speak
this Monday before Skulls, Stan
ford's prc-mcdical association, on a
question paramount in every prc
mcd's mind: "Medical School Ad
missions."
Dr. Chandler will talk at Skulls'
first meeting of the quarter at 7:30
in Bowman Alumni House.
Other guests from the Stanford
faculty will be Dr. Philip A. Leigh
ton, Dr. Harry S. Moshcr, and Dr.
Carl R. Nollcr, of the chemistry
department.
Dr. Lorcn I?. Chandler, dean of
medicine at Stanford, will speak
this Monday before Skulls, Stan
ford's prc-mcdical association, on a
question paramount in every prc
mcd's mind: "Medical School Ad
missions."
Dr. Chandler will talk at Skulls'
first meeting of the quarter at 7:30
in Bowman Alumni House.
Other guests from the Stanford
faculty will be Dr. Philip A. Leigh
ton, Dr. Harry S. Moshcr, and Dr.
Carl R. Nollcr, of the chemistry
department.
Dr. Lorcn I?. Chandler, dean of
medicine at Stanford, will speak
this Monday before Skulls, Stan
ford's prc-mcdical association, on a
question paramount in every prc
mcd's mind: "Medical School Ad
missions."
Dr. Chandler will talk at Skulls'
first meeting of the quarter at 7:30
in Bowman Alumni House.
Other guests from the Stanford
faculty will be Dr. Philip A. Leigh
ton, Dr. Harry S. Moshcr, and Dr.
Carl R. Nollcr, of the chemistry
department.
Dr. Lorcn I?. Chandler, dean of
medicine at Stanford, will speak
this Monday before Skulls, Stan
ford's prc-mcdical association, on a
question paramount in every prc
mcd's mind: "Medical School Ad
missions."
Dr. Chandler will talk at Skulls'
first meeting of the quarter at 7:30
in Bowman Alumni House.
Other guests from the Stanford
faculty will be Dr. Philip A. Leigh
ton, Dr. Harry S. Moshcr, and Dr.
Carl R. Nollcr, of the chemistry
department.
Dr. Lorcn I?. Chandler, dean of
medicine at Stanford, will speak
this Monday before Skulls, Stan
ford's prc-mcdical association, on a
question paramount in every prc
mcd's mind: "Medical School Ad
missions."
Dr. Chandler will talk at Skulls'
first meeting of the quarter at 7:30
in Bowman Alumni House.
Other guests from the Stanford
faculty will be Dr. Philip A. Leigh
ton, Dr. Harry S. Moshcr, and Dr.
Carl R. Nollcr, of the chemistry
department.
Dr. Lorcn I?. Chandler, dean of
medicine at Stanford, will speak
this Monday before Skulls, Stan
ford's prc-mcdical association, on a
question paramount in every prc
mcd's mind: "Medical School Ad
missions."
Dr. Chandler will talk at Skulls'
first meeting of the quarter at 7:30
in Bowman Alumni House.
Other guests from the Stanford
faculty will be Dr. Philip A. Leigh
ton, Dr. Harry S. Moshcr, and Dr.
Carl R. Nollcr, of the chemistry
department.
Dr. Lorcn I?. Chandler, dean of
medicine at Stanford, will speak
this Monday before Skulls, Stan
ford's prc-mcdical association, on a
question paramount in every prc
mcd's mind: "Medical School Ad
missions."
Dr. Chandler will talk at Skulls'
first meeting of the quarter at 7:30
in Bowman Alumni House.
Other guests from the Stanford
faculty will be Dr. Philip A. Leigh
ton, Dr. Harry S. Moshcr, and Dr.
Carl R. Nollcr, of the chemistry
department.
