# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
/(
\
✓
\j
/
v'
/
\
>vV v7\/ \/ v/ v/v/\/\r \/\/\/\/\/\/v/a/\/\/a /A\//>\y/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/v/\/
Several other
taste good
—You can't get the fullest
enjoyment from smoking un
less your cigarette is also
COMFORTABLE.
That is probably the main
reason why so many men are
selecting Fatimas for their
steady smoke. Because Fatimas
are found to be truly comfort
able—not only to your throat
cigarettes may
too; but—
and tongue, but AFTER smok
ing, also. Even if you happen
to smoke more tihan usual,
Fatimas never remind you of
it. Their delicately balanced
Turkish blend of testecZ-pure
tobaccos takes care of that.
Your first package will show
you how comfortable a sensible
cigarette can be.
FA T I M A
c 4 Sensible Cicfctvetts
£
fur
r
D
>r*y
)
V
/
V
Y'X VvA Vy^' x
\
i
%
/
112 A
/(
\
✓
\j
/
v'
/
\
>vV v7\/ \/ v/ v/v/\/\r \/\/\/\/\/\/v/a/\/\/a /A\//>\y/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/v/\/
Several other
taste good
—You can't get the fullest
enjoyment from smoking un
less your cigarette is also
COMFORTABLE.
That is probably the main
reason why so many men are
selecting Fatimas for their
steady smoke. Because Fatimas
are found to be truly comfort
able—not only to your throat
cigarettes may
too; but—
and tongue, but AFTER smok
ing, also. Even if you happen
to smoke more tihan usual,
Fatimas never remind you of
it. Their delicately balanced
Turkish blend of testecZ-pure
tobaccos takes care of that.
Your first package will show
you how comfortable a sensible
cigarette can be.
FA T I M A
c 4 Sensible Cicfctvetts
£
fur
r
D
>r*y
)
V
/
V
Y'X VvA Vy^' x
\
i
%
/
112 A
/(
\
✓
\j
/
v'
/
\
>vV v7\/ \/ v/ v/v/\/\r \/\/\/\/\/\/v/a/\/\/a /A\//>\y/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/v/\/
Several other
taste good
—You can't get the fullest
enjoyment from smoking un
less your cigarette is also
COMFORTABLE.
That is probably the main
reason why so many men are
selecting Fatimas for their
steady smoke. Because Fatimas
are found to be truly comfort
able—not only to your throat
cigarettes may
too; but—
and tongue, but AFTER smok
ing, also. Even if you happen
to smoke more tihan usual,
Fatimas never remind you of
it. Their delicately balanced
Turkish blend of testecZ-pure
tobaccos takes care of that.
Your first package will show
you how comfortable a sensible
cigarette can be.
FA T I M A
c 4 Sensible Cicfctvetts
£
fur
r
D
>r*y
)
V
/
V
Y'X VvA Vy^' x
\
i
%
/
112 A
/(
\
✓
\j
/
v'
/
\
>vV v7\/ \/ v/ v/v/\/\r \/\/\/\/\/\/v/a/\/\/a /A\//>\y/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/v/\/
Several other
taste good
—You can't get the fullest
enjoyment from smoking un
less your cigarette is also
COMFORTABLE.
That is probably the main
reason why so many men are
selecting Fatimas for their
steady smoke. Because Fatimas
are found to be truly comfort
able—not only to your throat
cigarettes may
too; but—
and tongue, but AFTER smok
ing, also. Even if you happen
to smoke more tihan usual,
Fatimas never remind you of
it. Their delicately balanced
Turkish blend of testecZ-pure
tobaccos takes care of that.
Your first package will show
you how comfortable a sensible
cigarette can be.
FA T I M A
c 4 Sensible Cicfctvetts
£
fur
r
D
>r*y
)
V
/
V
Y'X VvA Vy^' x
\
i
%
/
112 A
/(
\
✓
\j
/
v'
/
\
>vV v7\/ \/ v/ v/v/\/\r \/\/\/\/\/\/v/a/\/\/a /A\//>\y/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/v/\/
Several other
taste good
—You can't get the fullest
enjoyment from smoking un
less your cigarette is also
COMFORTABLE.
That is probably the main
reason why so many men are
selecting Fatimas for their
steady smoke. Because Fatimas
are found to be truly comfort
able—not only to your throat
cigarettes may
too; but—
and tongue, but AFTER smok
ing, also. Even if you happen
to smoke more tihan usual,
Fatimas never remind you of
it. Their delicately balanced
Turkish blend of testecZ-pure
tobaccos takes care of that.
Your first package will show
you how comfortable a sensible
cigarette can be.
FA T I M A
c 4 Sensible Cicfctvetts
£
fur
r
D
>r*y
)
V
/
V
Y'X VvA Vy^' x
\
i
%
/
112 A
/(
\
✓
\j
/
v'
/
\
>vV v7\/ \/ v/ v/v/\/\r \/\/\/\/\/\/v/a/\/\/a /A\//>\y/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/v/\/
Several other
taste good
—You can't get the fullest
enjoyment from smoking un
less your cigarette is also
COMFORTABLE.
That is probably the main
reason why so many men are
selecting Fatimas for their
steady smoke. Because Fatimas
are found to be truly comfort
able—not only to your throat
cigarettes may
too; but—
and tongue, but AFTER smok
ing, also. Even if you happen
to smoke more tihan usual,
Fatimas never remind you of
it. Their delicately balanced
Turkish blend of testecZ-pure
tobaccos takes care of that.
Your first package will show
you how comfortable a sensible
cigarette can be.
FA T I M A
c 4 Sensible Cicfctvetts
£
fur
r
D
>r*y
)
V
/
V
Y'X VvA Vy^' x
\
i
%
/
112 A
/(
\
✓
\j
/
v'
/
\
>vV v7\/ \/ v/ v/v/\/\r \/\/\/\/\/\/v/a/\/\/a /A\//>\y/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/v/\/
Several other
taste good
—You can't get the fullest
enjoyment from smoking un
less your cigarette is also
COMFORTABLE.
That is probably the main
reason why so many men are
selecting Fatimas for their
steady smoke. Because Fatimas
are found to be truly comfort
able—not only to your throat
cigarettes may
too; but—
and tongue, but AFTER smok
ing, also. Even if you happen
to smoke more tihan usual,
Fatimas never remind you of
it. Their delicately balanced
Turkish blend of testecZ-pure
tobaccos takes care of that.
Your first package will show
you how comfortable a sensible
cigarette can be.
FA T I M A
c 4 Sensible Cicfctvetts
£
fur
r
D
>r*y
)
V
/
V
Y'X VvA Vy^' x
\
i
%
/
112 A
/(
\
✓
\j
/
v'
/
\
>vV v7\/ \/ v/ v/v/\/\r \/\/\/\/\/\/v/a/\/\/a /A\//>\y/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/v/\/
Several other
taste good
—You can't get the fullest
enjoyment from smoking un
less your cigarette is also
COMFORTABLE.
That is probably the main
reason why so many men are
selecting Fatimas for their
steady smoke. Because Fatimas
are found to be truly comfort
able—not only to your throat
cigarettes may
too; but—
and tongue, but AFTER smok
ing, also. Even if you happen
to smoke more tihan usual,
Fatimas never remind you of
it. Their delicately balanced
Turkish blend of testecZ-pure
tobaccos takes care of that.
Your first package will show
you how comfortable a sensible
cigarette can be.
FA T I M A
c 4 Sensible Cicfctvetts
£
fur
r
D
>r*y
)
V
/
V
Y'X VvA Vy^' x
\
i
%
/
112 A
/(
\
✓
\j
/
v'
/
\
>vV v7\/ \/ v/ v/v/\/\r \/\/\/\/\/\/v/a/\/\/a /A\//>\y/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/v/\/
Several other
taste good
—You can't get the fullest
enjoyment from smoking un
less your cigarette is also
COMFORTABLE.
That is probably the main
reason why so many men are
selecting Fatimas for their
steady smoke. Because Fatimas
are found to be truly comfort
able—not only to your throat
cigarettes may
too; but—
and tongue, but AFTER smok
ing, also. Even if you happen
to smoke more tihan usual,
Fatimas never remind you of
it. Their delicately balanced
Turkish blend of testecZ-pure
tobaccos takes care of that.
Your first package will show
you how comfortable a sensible
cigarette can be.
FA T I M A
c 4 Sensible Cicfctvetts
£
fur
r
D
>r*y
)
V
/
V
Y'X VvA Vy^' x
\
i
%
/
112 A
/(
\
✓
\j
/
v'
/
\
>vV v7\/ \/ v/ v/v/\/\r \/\/\/\/\/\/v/a/\/\/a /A\//>\y/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/v/\/
Several other
taste good
—You can't get the fullest
enjoyment from smoking un
less your cigarette is also
COMFORTABLE.
That is probably the main
reason why so many men are
selecting Fatimas for their
steady smoke. Because Fatimas
are found to be truly comfort
able—not only to your throat
cigarettes may
too; but—
and tongue, but AFTER smok
ing, also. Even if you happen
to smoke more tihan usual,
Fatimas never remind you of
it. Their delicately balanced
Turkish blend of testecZ-pure
tobaccos takes care of that.
Your first package will show
you how comfortable a sensible
cigarette can be.
FA T I M A
c 4 Sensible Cicfctvetts
£
fur
r
D
>r*y
)
V
/
V
Y'X VvA Vy^' x
\
i
%
/
112 A
/(
\
✓
\j
/
v'
/
\
>vV v7\/ \/ v/ v/v/\/\r \/\/\/\/\/\/v/a/\/\/a /A\//>\y/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/v/\/
Several other
taste good
—You can't get the fullest
enjoyment from smoking un
less your cigarette is also
COMFORTABLE.
That is probably the main
reason why so many men are
selecting Fatimas for their
steady smoke. Because Fatimas
are found to be truly comfort
able—not only to your throat
cigarettes may
too; but—
and tongue, but AFTER smok
ing, also. Even if you happen
to smoke more tihan usual,
Fatimas never remind you of
it. Their delicately balanced
Turkish blend of testecZ-pure
tobaccos takes care of that.
Your first package will show
you how comfortable a sensible
cigarette can be.
FA T I M A
c 4 Sensible Cicfctvetts
£
fur
r
D
>r*y
)
V
/
V
Y'X VvA Vy^' x
\
i
%
/
112 A
/(
\
✓
\j
/
v'
/
\
>vV v7\/ \/ v/ v/v/\/\r \/\/\/\/\/\/v/a/\/\/a /A\//>\y/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/v/\/
Several other
taste good
—You can't get the fullest
enjoyment from smoking un
less your cigarette is also
COMFORTABLE.
That is probably the main
reason why so many men are
selecting Fatimas for their
steady smoke. Because Fatimas
are found to be truly comfort
able—not only to your throat
cigarettes may
too; but—
and tongue, but AFTER smok
ing, also. Even if you happen
to smoke more tihan usual,
Fatimas never remind you of
it. Their delicately balanced
Turkish blend of testecZ-pure
tobaccos takes care of that.
Your first package will show
you how comfortable a sensible
cigarette can be.
FA T I M A
c 4 Sensible Cicfctvetts
£
fur
r
D
>r*y
)
V
/
V
Y'X VvA Vy^' x
\
i
%
/
112 A
/(
\
✓
\j
/
v'
/
\
>vV v7\/ \/ v/ v/v/\/\r \/\/\/\/\/\/v/a/\/\/a /A\//>\y/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/v/\/
Several other
taste good
—You can't get the fullest
enjoyment from smoking un
less your cigarette is also
COMFORTABLE.
That is probably the main
reason why so many men are
selecting Fatimas for their
steady smoke. Because Fatimas
are found to be truly comfort
able—not only to your throat
cigarettes may
too; but—
and tongue, but AFTER smok
ing, also. Even if you happen
to smoke more tihan usual,
Fatimas never remind you of
it. Their delicately balanced
Turkish blend of testecZ-pure
tobaccos takes care of that.
Your first package will show
you how comfortable a sensible
cigarette can be.
FA T I M A
c 4 Sensible Cicfctvetts
£
fur
r
D
>r*y
)
V
/
V
Y'X VvA Vy^' x
\
i
%
/
112 A
/(
\
✓
\j
/
v'
/
\
>vV v7\/ \/ v/ v/v/\/\r \/\/\/\/\/\/v/a/\/\/a /A\//>\y/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/v/\/
Several other
taste good
—You can't get the fullest
enjoyment from smoking un
less your cigarette is also
COMFORTABLE.
That is probably the main
reason why so many men are
selecting Fatimas for their
steady smoke. Because Fatimas
are found to be truly comfort
able—not only to your throat
cigarettes may
too; but—
and tongue, but AFTER smok
ing, also. Even if you happen
to smoke more tihan usual,
Fatimas never remind you of
it. Their delicately balanced
Turkish blend of testecZ-pure
tobaccos takes care of that.
Your first package will show
you how comfortable a sensible
cigarette can be.
FA T I M A
c 4 Sensible Cicfctvetts
£
fur
r
D
>r*y
)
V
/
V
Y'X VvA Vy^' x
\
i
%
/
112 A
/(
\
✓
\j
/
v'
/
\
>vV v7\/ \/ v/ v/v/\/\r \/\/\/\/\/\/v/a/\/\/a /A\//>\y/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/v/\/
Several other
taste good
—You can't get the fullest
enjoyment from smoking un
less your cigarette is also
COMFORTABLE.
That is probably the main
reason why so many men are
selecting Fatimas for their
steady smoke. Because Fatimas
are found to be truly comfort
able—not only to your throat
cigarettes may
too; but—
and tongue, but AFTER smok
ing, also. Even if you happen
to smoke more tihan usual,
Fatimas never remind you of
it. Their delicately balanced
Turkish blend of testecZ-pure
tobaccos takes care of that.
Your first package will show
you how comfortable a sensible
cigarette can be.
FA T I M A
c 4 Sensible Cicfctvetts
£
fur
r
D
>r*y
)
V
/
V
Y'X VvA Vy^' x
\
i
%
/
112 A
