# Old Testament Lecture Is on "Israel in Canaan"
## 
### 
"Israel in Canaan" will be the topic
of Professor Herbert H. Powell, D.D.,
of the Church Divinity School of the
Pacific, San Francisco, tomorrow eve
ning at 7:15, when he delivers the
third lecture of a series on the Old
Testament before Stanford men and
women in the vestry of the Memorial
Church.
"Israel in Canaan" will be the topic
of Professor Herbert H. Powell, D.D.,
of the Church Divinity School of the
Pacific, San Francisco, tomorrow eve
ning at 7:15, when he delivers the
third lecture of a series on the Old
Testament before Stanford men and
women in the vestry of the Memorial
Church.
"Israel in Canaan" will be the topic
of Professor Herbert H. Powell, D.D.,
of the Church Divinity School of the
Pacific, San Francisco, tomorrow eve
ning at 7:15, when he delivers the
third lecture of a series on the Old
Testament before Stanford men and
women in the vestry of the Memorial
Church.
"Israel in Canaan" will be the topic
of Professor Herbert H. Powell, D.D.,
of the Church Divinity School of the
Pacific, San Francisco, tomorrow eve
ning at 7:15, when he delivers the
third lecture of a series on the Old
Testament before Stanford men and
women in the vestry of the Memorial
Church.
"Israel in Canaan" will be the topic
of Professor Herbert H. Powell, D.D.,
of the Church Divinity School of the
Pacific, San Francisco, tomorrow eve
ning at 7:15, when he delivers the
third lecture of a series on the Old
Testament before Stanford men and
women in the vestry of the Memorial
Church.
"Israel in Canaan" will be the topic
of Professor Herbert H. Powell, D.D.,
of the Church Divinity School of the
Pacific, San Francisco, tomorrow eve
ning at 7:15, when he delivers the
third lecture of a series on the Old
Testament before Stanford men and
women in the vestry of the Memorial
Church.
"Israel in Canaan" will be the topic
of Professor Herbert H. Powell, D.D.,
of the Church Divinity School of the
Pacific, San Francisco, tomorrow eve
ning at 7:15, when he delivers the
third lecture of a series on the Old
Testament before Stanford men and
women in the vestry of the Memorial
Church.
"Israel in Canaan" will be the topic
of Professor Herbert H. Powell, D.D.,
of the Church Divinity School of the
Pacific, San Francisco, tomorrow eve
ning at 7:15, when he delivers the
third lecture of a series on the Old
Testament before Stanford men and
women in the vestry of the Memorial
Church.
"Israel in Canaan" will be the topic
of Professor Herbert H. Powell, D.D.,
of the Church Divinity School of the
Pacific, San Francisco, tomorrow eve
ning at 7:15, when he delivers the
third lecture of a series on the Old
Testament before Stanford men and
women in the vestry of the Memorial
Church.
"Israel in Canaan" will be the topic
of Professor Herbert H. Powell, D.D.,
of the Church Divinity School of the
Pacific, San Francisco, tomorrow eve
ning at 7:15, when he delivers the
third lecture of a series on the Old
Testament before Stanford men and
women in the vestry of the Memorial
Church.
"Israel in Canaan" will be the topic
of Professor Herbert H. Powell, D.D.,
of the Church Divinity School of the
Pacific, San Francisco, tomorrow eve
ning at 7:15, when he delivers the
third lecture of a series on the Old
Testament before Stanford men and
women in the vestry of the Memorial
Church.
"Israel in Canaan" will be the topic
of Professor Herbert H. Powell, D.D.,
of the Church Divinity School of the
Pacific, San Francisco, tomorrow eve
ning at 7:15, when he delivers the
third lecture of a series on the Old
Testament before Stanford men and
women in the vestry of the Memorial
Church.
"Israel in Canaan" will be the topic
of Professor Herbert H. Powell, D.D.,
of the Church Divinity School of the
Pacific, San Francisco, tomorrow eve
ning at 7:15, when he delivers the
third lecture of a series on the Old
Testament before Stanford men and
women in the vestry of the Memorial
Church.
"Israel in Canaan" will be the topic
of Professor Herbert H. Powell, D.D.,
of the Church Divinity School of the
Pacific, San Francisco, tomorrow eve
ning at 7:15, when he delivers the
third lecture of a series on the Old
Testament before Stanford men and
women in the vestry of the Memorial
Church.
"Israel in Canaan" will be the topic
of Professor Herbert H. Powell, D.D.,
of the Church Divinity School of the
Pacific, San Francisco, tomorrow eve
ning at 7:15, when he delivers the
third lecture of a series on the Old
Testament before Stanford men and
women in the vestry of the Memorial
Church.
