# DENT ELECTED 1916 BASEBALL SKIPPER
## 
### 
Three Year Yetnv.i; Catcher Is ClutLe
for Leader of Next
Season's Mine.
L. F. Dent, '15, was uraniniovsly
elected baseball skipper for next year

by the baseball
team this after
noon immediate
ly after the
Quad picture
was snapped at
Franklin's Pho
to Studio.
The captain
elect well mer
its his promo
tion as leader of
the 1916 Cardi
nal nine. For
three years he
has held down
the. berth of
catcher on the
Varsity, winning
his "S" 'n the
seasons of 1913-
14-15. "Babe"
Dent ranks not

only high on account of' his snappy
receiving and iron whip, but ! s a'so
one of the leading stickers on the
local club.
Besides his skill on the diamond,
Dent's honor role include Senior
Class presidency for the first semes
ter, and membership n Skull and
Snakes. The new captain rnaiors in
Economics, belongs to lieta Theta Pi,
and hails from Berkeley.

Three Year Yetnv.i; Catcher Is ClutLe
for Leader of Next
Season's Mine.
L. F. Dent, '15, was uraniniovsly
elected baseball skipper for next year

by the baseball
team this after
noon immediate
ly after the
Quad picture
was snapped at
Franklin's Pho
to Studio.
The captain
elect well mer
its his promo
tion as leader of
the 1916 Cardi
nal nine. For
three years he
has held down
the. berth of
catcher on the
Varsity, winning
his "S" 'n the
seasons of 1913-
14-15. "Babe"
Dent ranks not

only high on account of' his snappy
receiving and iron whip, but ! s a'so
one of the leading stickers on the
local club.
Besides his skill on the diamond,
Dent's honor role include Senior
Class presidency for the first semes
ter, and membership n Skull and
Snakes. The new captain rnaiors in
Economics, belongs to lieta Theta Pi,
and hails from Berkeley.

Three Year Yetnv.i; Catcher Is ClutLe
for Leader of Next
Season's Mine.
L. F. Dent, '15, was uraniniovsly
elected baseball skipper for next year

by the baseball
team this after
noon immediate
ly after the
Quad picture
was snapped at
Franklin's Pho
to Studio.
The captain
elect well mer
its his promo
tion as leader of
the 1916 Cardi
nal nine. For
three years he
has held down
the. berth of
catcher on the
Varsity, winning
his "S" 'n the
seasons of 1913-
14-15. "Babe"
Dent ranks not

only high on account of' his snappy
receiving and iron whip, but ! s a'so
one of the leading stickers on the
local club.
Besides his skill on the diamond,
Dent's honor role include Senior
Class presidency for the first semes
ter, and membership n Skull and
Snakes. The new captain rnaiors in
Economics, belongs to lieta Theta Pi,
and hails from Berkeley.

Three Year Yetnv.i; Catcher Is ClutLe
for Leader of Next
Season's Mine.
L. F. Dent, '15, was uraniniovsly
elected baseball skipper for next year

by the baseball
team this after
noon immediate
ly after the
Quad picture
was snapped at
Franklin's Pho
to Studio.
The captain
elect well mer
its his promo
tion as leader of
the 1916 Cardi
nal nine. For
three years he
has held down
the. berth of
catcher on the
Varsity, winning
his "S" 'n the
seasons of 1913-
14-15. "Babe"
Dent ranks not

only high on account of' his snappy
receiving and iron whip, but ! s a'so
one of the leading stickers on the
local club.
Besides his skill on the diamond,
Dent's honor role include Senior
Class presidency for the first semes
ter, and membership n Skull and
Snakes. The new captain rnaiors in
Economics, belongs to lieta Theta Pi,
and hails from Berkeley.

Three Year Yetnv.i; Catcher Is ClutLe
for Leader of Next
Season's Mine.
L. F. Dent, '15, was uraniniovsly
elected baseball skipper for next year

by the baseball
team this after
noon immediate
ly after the
Quad picture
was snapped at
Franklin's Pho
to Studio.
The captain
elect well mer
its his promo
tion as leader of
the 1916 Cardi
nal nine. For
three years he
has held down
the. berth of
catcher on the
Varsity, winning
his "S" 'n the
seasons of 1913-
14-15. "Babe"
Dent ranks not

only high on account of' his snappy
receiving and iron whip, but ! s a'so
one of the leading stickers on the
local club.
Besides his skill on the diamond,
Dent's honor role include Senior
Class presidency for the first semes
ter, and membership n Skull and
Snakes. The new captain rnaiors in
Economics, belongs to lieta Theta Pi,
and hails from Berkeley.

Three Year Yetnv.i; Catcher Is ClutLe
for Leader of Next
Season's Mine.
L. F. Dent, '15, was uraniniovsly
elected baseball skipper for next year

by the baseball
team this after
noon immediate
ly after the
Quad picture
was snapped at
Franklin's Pho
to Studio.
The captain
elect well mer
its his promo
tion as leader of
the 1916 Cardi
nal nine. For
three years he
has held down
the. berth of
catcher on the
Varsity, winning
his "S" 'n the
seasons of 1913-
14-15. "Babe"
Dent ranks not

only high on account of' his snappy
receiving and iron whip, but ! s a'so
one of the leading stickers on the
local club.
Besides his skill on the diamond,
Dent's honor role include Senior
Class presidency for the first semes
ter, and membership n Skull and
Snakes. The new captain rnaiors in
Economics, belongs to lieta Theta Pi,
and hails from Berkeley.

Three Year Yetnv.i; Catcher Is ClutLe
for Leader of Next
Season's Mine.
L. F. Dent, '15, was uraniniovsly
elected baseball skipper for next year

by the baseball
team this after
noon immediate
ly after the
Quad picture
was snapped at
Franklin's Pho
to Studio.
The captain
elect well mer
its his promo
tion as leader of
the 1916 Cardi
nal nine. For
three years he
has held down
the. berth of
catcher on the
Varsity, winning
his "S" 'n the
seasons of 1913-
14-15. "Babe"
Dent ranks not

only high on account of' his snappy
receiving and iron whip, but ! s a'so
one of the leading stickers on the
local club.
Besides his skill on the diamond,
Dent's honor role include Senior
Class presidency for the first semes
ter, and membership n Skull and
Snakes. The new captain rnaiors in
Economics, belongs to lieta Theta Pi,
and hails from Berkeley.

Three Year Yetnv.i; Catcher Is ClutLe
for Leader of Next
Season's Mine.
L. F. Dent, '15, was uraniniovsly
elected baseball skipper for next year

by the baseball
team this after
noon immediate
ly after the
Quad picture
was snapped at
Franklin's Pho
to Studio.
The captain
elect well mer
its his promo
tion as leader of
the 1916 Cardi
nal nine. For
three years he
has held down
the. berth of
catcher on the
Varsity, winning
his "S" 'n the
seasons of 1913-
14-15. "Babe"
Dent ranks not

only high on account of' his snappy
receiving and iron whip, but ! s a'so
one of the leading stickers on the
local club.
Besides his skill on the diamond,
Dent's honor role include Senior
Class presidency for the first semes
ter, and membership n Skull and
Snakes. The new captain rnaiors in
Economics, belongs to lieta Theta Pi,
and hails from Berkeley.

Three Year Yetnv.i; Catcher Is ClutLe
for Leader of Next
Season's Mine.
L. F. Dent, '15, was uraniniovsly
elected baseball skipper for next year

by the baseball
team this after
noon immediate
ly after the
Quad picture
was snapped at
Franklin's Pho
to Studio.
The captain
elect well mer
its his promo
tion as leader of
the 1916 Cardi
nal nine. For
three years he
has held down
the. berth of
catcher on the
Varsity, winning
his "S" 'n the
seasons of 1913-
14-15. "Babe"
Dent ranks not

only high on account of' his snappy
receiving and iron whip, but ! s a'so
one of the leading stickers on the
local club.
Besides his skill on the diamond,
Dent's honor role include Senior
Class presidency for the first semes
ter, and membership n Skull and
Snakes. The new captain rnaiors in
Economics, belongs to lieta Theta Pi,
and hails from Berkeley.

Three Year Yetnv.i; Catcher Is ClutLe
for Leader of Next
Season's Mine.
L. F. Dent, '15, was uraniniovsly
elected baseball skipper for next year

by the baseball
team this after
noon immediate
ly after the
Quad picture
was snapped at
Franklin's Pho
to Studio.
The captain
elect well mer
its his promo
tion as leader of
the 1916 Cardi
nal nine. For
three years he
has held down
the. berth of
catcher on the
Varsity, winning
his "S" 'n the
seasons of 1913-
14-15. "Babe"
Dent ranks not

only high on account of' his snappy
receiving and iron whip, but ! s a'so
one of the leading stickers on the
local club.
Besides his skill on the diamond,
Dent's honor role include Senior
Class presidency for the first semes
ter, and membership n Skull and
Snakes. The new captain rnaiors in
Economics, belongs to lieta Theta Pi,
and hails from Berkeley.

Three Year Yetnv.i; Catcher Is ClutLe
for Leader of Next
Season's Mine.
L. F. Dent, '15, was uraniniovsly
elected baseball skipper for next year

by the baseball
team this after
noon immediate
ly after the
Quad picture
was snapped at
Franklin's Pho
to Studio.
The captain
elect well mer
its his promo
tion as leader of
the 1916 Cardi
nal nine. For
three years he
has held down
the. berth of
catcher on the
Varsity, winning
his "S" 'n the
seasons of 1913-
14-15. "Babe"
Dent ranks not

only high on account of' his snappy
receiving and iron whip, but ! s a'so
one of the leading stickers on the
local club.
Besides his skill on the diamond,
Dent's honor role include Senior
Class presidency for the first semes
ter, and membership n Skull and
Snakes. The new captain rnaiors in
Economics, belongs to lieta Theta Pi,
and hails from Berkeley.

Three Year Yetnv.i; Catcher Is ClutLe
for Leader of Next
Season's Mine.
L. F. Dent, '15, was uraniniovsly
elected baseball skipper for next year

by the baseball
team this after
noon immediate
ly after the
Quad picture
was snapped at
Franklin's Pho
to Studio.
The captain
elect well mer
its his promo
tion as leader of
the 1916 Cardi
nal nine. For
three years he
has held down
the. berth of
catcher on the
Varsity, winning
his "S" 'n the
seasons of 1913-
14-15. "Babe"
Dent ranks not

only high on account of' his snappy
receiving and iron whip, but ! s a'so
one of the leading stickers on the
local club.
Besides his skill on the diamond,
Dent's honor role include Senior
Class presidency for the first semes
ter, and membership n Skull and
Snakes. The new captain rnaiors in
Economics, belongs to lieta Theta Pi,
and hails from Berkeley.

Three Year Yetnv.i; Catcher Is ClutLe
for Leader of Next
Season's Mine.
L. F. Dent, '15, was uraniniovsly
elected baseball skipper for next year

by the baseball
team this after
noon immediate
ly after the
Quad picture
was snapped at
Franklin's Pho
to Studio.
The captain
elect well mer
its his promo
tion as leader of
the 1916 Cardi
nal nine. For
three years he
has held down
the. berth of
catcher on the
Varsity, winning
his "S" 'n the
seasons of 1913-
14-15. "Babe"
Dent ranks not

only high on account of' his snappy
receiving and iron whip, but ! s a'so
one of the leading stickers on the
local club.
Besides his skill on the diamond,
Dent's honor role include Senior
Class presidency for the first semes
ter, and membership n Skull and
Snakes. The new captain rnaiors in
Economics, belongs to lieta Theta Pi,
and hails from Berkeley.

