# Niklason Wins Suit in Drawing.
## 
### 
C. R. Niklason, '17, won the thirty
five dollar suit given away by Wide
man, the haberdasher in The Union,
by presenting the lucky number, 180.
C. R. Niklason, '17, won the thirty
five dollar suit given away by Wide
man, the haberdasher in The Union,
by presenting the lucky number, 180.
C. R. Niklason, '17, won the thirty
five dollar suit given away by Wide
man, the haberdasher in The Union,
by presenting the lucky number, 180.
C. R. Niklason, '17, won the thirty
five dollar suit given away by Wide
man, the haberdasher in The Union,
by presenting the lucky number, 180.
C. R. Niklason, '17, won the thirty
five dollar suit given away by Wide
man, the haberdasher in The Union,
by presenting the lucky number, 180.
C. R. Niklason, '17, won the thirty
five dollar suit given away by Wide
man, the haberdasher in The Union,
by presenting the lucky number, 180.
C. R. Niklason, '17, won the thirty
five dollar suit given away by Wide
man, the haberdasher in The Union,
by presenting the lucky number, 180.
C. R. Niklason, '17, won the thirty
five dollar suit given away by Wide
man, the haberdasher in The Union,
by presenting the lucky number, 180.
C. R. Niklason, '17, won the thirty
five dollar suit given away by Wide
man, the haberdasher in The Union,
by presenting the lucky number, 180.
C. R. Niklason, '17, won the thirty
five dollar suit given away by Wide
man, the haberdasher in The Union,
by presenting the lucky number, 180.
C. R. Niklason, '17, won the thirty
five dollar suit given away by Wide
man, the haberdasher in The Union,
by presenting the lucky number, 180.
C. R. Niklason, '17, won the thirty
five dollar suit given away by Wide
man, the haberdasher in The Union,
by presenting the lucky number, 180.
C. R. Niklason, '17, won the thirty
five dollar suit given away by Wide
man, the haberdasher in The Union,
by presenting the lucky number, 180.
