# String Music Concert Slated
## 
### 
The Sinfonietta Society will give
its first concert Wednesday at 8:15
p.m.
Student rate tickets for the four
concerts may be bought from Stanley
King in the Quad building, next door
to the lIR. Tickets are $2.50 for the
four concerts.
The Sinfonietta String Orchestra is
under the direction of Henry Holt.
Its repotoire will include little
known classics and modern music.
Concerts will be held in the adult
theater at the Palo Alto Community
Center.
The Sinfonietta Society will give
its first concert Wednesday at 8:15
p.m.
Student rate tickets for the four
concerts may be bought from Stanley
King in the Quad building, next door
to the lIR. Tickets are $2.50 for the
four concerts.
The Sinfonietta String Orchestra is
under the direction of Henry Holt.
Its repotoire will include little
known classics and modern music.
Concerts will be held in the adult
theater at the Palo Alto Community
Center.
The Sinfonietta Society will give
its first concert Wednesday at 8:15
p.m.
Student rate tickets for the four
concerts may be bought from Stanley
King in the Quad building, next door
to the lIR. Tickets are $2.50 for the
four concerts.
The Sinfonietta String Orchestra is
under the direction of Henry Holt.
Its repotoire will include little
known classics and modern music.
Concerts will be held in the adult
theater at the Palo Alto Community
Center.
The Sinfonietta Society will give
its first concert Wednesday at 8:15
p.m.
Student rate tickets for the four
concerts may be bought from Stanley
King in the Quad building, next door
to the lIR. Tickets are $2.50 for the
four concerts.
The Sinfonietta String Orchestra is
under the direction of Henry Holt.
Its repotoire will include little
known classics and modern music.
Concerts will be held in the adult
theater at the Palo Alto Community
Center.
The Sinfonietta Society will give
its first concert Wednesday at 8:15
p.m.
Student rate tickets for the four
concerts may be bought from Stanley
King in the Quad building, next door
to the lIR. Tickets are $2.50 for the
four concerts.
The Sinfonietta String Orchestra is
under the direction of Henry Holt.
Its repotoire will include little
known classics and modern music.
Concerts will be held in the adult
theater at the Palo Alto Community
Center.
The Sinfonietta Society will give
its first concert Wednesday at 8:15
p.m.
Student rate tickets for the four
concerts may be bought from Stanley
King in the Quad building, next door
to the lIR. Tickets are $2.50 for the
four concerts.
The Sinfonietta String Orchestra is
under the direction of Henry Holt.
Its repotoire will include little
known classics and modern music.
Concerts will be held in the adult
theater at the Palo Alto Community
Center.
The Sinfonietta Society will give
its first concert Wednesday at 8:15
p.m.
Student rate tickets for the four
concerts may be bought from Stanley
King in the Quad building, next door
to the lIR. Tickets are $2.50 for the
four concerts.
The Sinfonietta String Orchestra is
under the direction of Henry Holt.
Its repotoire will include little
known classics and modern music.
Concerts will be held in the adult
theater at the Palo Alto Community
Center.
The Sinfonietta Society will give
its first concert Wednesday at 8:15
p.m.
Student rate tickets for the four
concerts may be bought from Stanley
King in the Quad building, next door
to the lIR. Tickets are $2.50 for the
four concerts.
The Sinfonietta String Orchestra is
under the direction of Henry Holt.
Its repotoire will include little
known classics and modern music.
Concerts will be held in the adult
theater at the Palo Alto Community
Center.
The Sinfonietta Society will give
its first concert Wednesday at 8:15
p.m.
Student rate tickets for the four
concerts may be bought from Stanley
King in the Quad building, next door
to the lIR. Tickets are $2.50 for the
four concerts.
The Sinfonietta String Orchestra is
under the direction of Henry Holt.
Its repotoire will include little
known classics and modern music.
Concerts will be held in the adult
theater at the Palo Alto Community
Center.
The Sinfonietta Society will give
its first concert Wednesday at 8:15
p.m.
Student rate tickets for the four
concerts may be bought from Stanley
King in the Quad building, next door
to the lIR. Tickets are $2.50 for the
four concerts.
The Sinfonietta String Orchestra is
under the direction of Henry Holt.
Its repotoire will include little
known classics and modern music.
Concerts will be held in the adult
theater at the Palo Alto Community
Center.
The Sinfonietta Society will give
its first concert Wednesday at 8:15
p.m.
Student rate tickets for the four
concerts may be bought from Stanley
King in the Quad building, next door
to the lIR. Tickets are $2.50 for the
four concerts.
The Sinfonietta String Orchestra is
under the direction of Henry Holt.
Its repotoire will include little
known classics and modern music.
Concerts will be held in the adult
theater at the Palo Alto Community
Center.
The Sinfonietta Society will give
its first concert Wednesday at 8:15
p.m.
Student rate tickets for the four
concerts may be bought from Stanley
King in the Quad building, next door
to the lIR. Tickets are $2.50 for the
four concerts.
The Sinfonietta String Orchestra is
under the direction of Henry Holt.
Its repotoire will include little
known classics and modern music.
Concerts will be held in the adult
theater at the Palo Alto Community
Center.
The Sinfonietta Society will give
its first concert Wednesday at 8:15
p.m.
Student rate tickets for the four
concerts may be bought from Stanley
King in the Quad building, next door
to the lIR. Tickets are $2.50 for the
four concerts.
The Sinfonietta String Orchestra is
under the direction of Henry Holt.
Its repotoire will include little
known classics and modern music.
Concerts will be held in the adult
theater at the Palo Alto Community
Center.
The Sinfonietta Society will give
its first concert Wednesday at 8:15
p.m.
Student rate tickets for the four
concerts may be bought from Stanley
King in the Quad building, next door
to the lIR. Tickets are $2.50 for the
four concerts.
The Sinfonietta String Orchestra is
under the direction of Henry Holt.
Its repotoire will include little
known classics and modern music.
Concerts will be held in the adult
theater at the Palo Alto Community
Center.
The Sinfonietta Society will give
its first concert Wednesday at 8:15
p.m.
Student rate tickets for the four
concerts may be bought from Stanley
King in the Quad building, next door
to the lIR. Tickets are $2.50 for the
four concerts.
The Sinfonietta String Orchestra is
under the direction of Henry Holt.
Its repotoire will include little
known classics and modern music.
Concerts will be held in the adult
theater at the Palo Alto Community
Center.
The Sinfonietta Society will give
its first concert Wednesday at 8:15
p.m.
Student rate tickets for the four
concerts may be bought from Stanley
King in the Quad building, next door
to the lIR. Tickets are $2.50 for the
four concerts.
The Sinfonietta String Orchestra is
under the direction of Henry Holt.
Its repotoire will include little
known classics and modern music.
Concerts will be held in the adult
theater at the Palo Alto Community
Center.
