# Quad Photos
## 
### 
Quad pictures will be taken
today of junior and sophomore
men living in Stern. Dress will
be dark coat and tie and white
shirt. All junior and sopho
more women in Florence Moore
who missed last week come in
today also. Pictures will be
taken in the Quad office across
from Geology Corner.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of junior and sophomore
men living in Stern. Dress will
be dark coat and tie and white
shirt. All junior and sopho
more women in Florence Moore
who missed last week come in
today also. Pictures will be
taken in the Quad office across
from Geology Corner.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of junior and sophomore
men living in Stern. Dress will
be dark coat and tie and white
shirt. All junior and sopho
more women in Florence Moore
who missed last week come in
today also. Pictures will be
taken in the Quad office across
from Geology Corner.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of junior and sophomore
men living in Stern. Dress will
be dark coat and tie and white
shirt. All junior and sopho
more women in Florence Moore
who missed last week come in
today also. Pictures will be
taken in the Quad office across
from Geology Corner.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of junior and sophomore
men living in Stern. Dress will
be dark coat and tie and white
shirt. All junior and sopho
more women in Florence Moore
who missed last week come in
today also. Pictures will be
taken in the Quad office across
from Geology Corner.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of junior and sophomore
men living in Stern. Dress will
be dark coat and tie and white
shirt. All junior and sopho
more women in Florence Moore
who missed last week come in
today also. Pictures will be
taken in the Quad office across
from Geology Corner.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of junior and sophomore
men living in Stern. Dress will
be dark coat and tie and white
shirt. All junior and sopho
more women in Florence Moore
who missed last week come in
today also. Pictures will be
taken in the Quad office across
from Geology Corner.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of junior and sophomore
men living in Stern. Dress will
be dark coat and tie and white
shirt. All junior and sopho
more women in Florence Moore
who missed last week come in
today also. Pictures will be
taken in the Quad office across
from Geology Corner.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of junior and sophomore
men living in Stern. Dress will
be dark coat and tie and white
shirt. All junior and sopho
more women in Florence Moore
who missed last week come in
today also. Pictures will be
taken in the Quad office across
from Geology Corner.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of junior and sophomore
men living in Stern. Dress will
be dark coat and tie and white
shirt. All junior and sopho
more women in Florence Moore
who missed last week come in
today also. Pictures will be
taken in the Quad office across
from Geology Corner.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of junior and sophomore
men living in Stern. Dress will
be dark coat and tie and white
shirt. All junior and sopho
more women in Florence Moore
who missed last week come in
today also. Pictures will be
taken in the Quad office across
from Geology Corner.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of junior and sophomore
men living in Stern. Dress will
be dark coat and tie and white
shirt. All junior and sopho
more women in Florence Moore
who missed last week come in
today also. Pictures will be
taken in the Quad office across
from Geology Corner.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of junior and sophomore
men living in Stern. Dress will
be dark coat and tie and white
shirt. All junior and sopho
more women in Florence Moore
who missed last week come in
today also. Pictures will be
taken in the Quad office across
from Geology Corner.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of junior and sophomore
men living in Stern. Dress will
be dark coat and tie and white
shirt. All junior and sopho
more women in Florence Moore
who missed last week come in
today also. Pictures will be
taken in the Quad office across
from Geology Corner.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of junior and sophomore
men living in Stern. Dress will
be dark coat and tie and white
shirt. All junior and sopho
more women in Florence Moore
who missed last week come in
today also. Pictures will be
taken in the Quad office across
from Geology Corner.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of junior and sophomore
men living in Stern. Dress will
be dark coat and tie and white
shirt. All junior and sopho
more women in Florence Moore
who missed last week come in
today also. Pictures will be
taken in the Quad office across
from Geology Corner.
Quad pictures will be taken
today of junior and sophomore
men living in Stern. Dress will
be dark coat and tie and white
shirt. All junior and sopho
more women in Florence Moore
who missed last week come in
today also. Pictures will be
taken in the Quad office across
from Geology Corner.
