# Big Game Calendar
## 
### 
TODAY
"Football Niff lit." Members of
Stanford's football squad to be
honored in living groups at din
ner. Freshman rally: 10 p.m. be
tween Wilbur and Branner.
TUESDAY
"Red and White Day." Every
one requested to wear red and
white. Gaieties: 9:15 p.m., Me
morial Auditorium.
WEDNESDAY
"Axe Day." "Bearial" proces
sion: 11:50 a.m. to Post Office.
Distribution of Axe buttons. Gai
ties: 8:15 p.m., Memorial Audito
rium.
THURSDAY
"Lick the Bear Day." 3300 lolli
pops distributed on Quad. Gaie
ties: 9:15 p.m., Memorial Audito
liu m.
FRIDAY
"Burn the Bear Day." Senior
class reunion, 3:30 to 5:30 p.m.
Big Game Rally and Bonfire,
Lake Lagunita, 6:30 to 8 p.m.
Gaieties: 8:3 p.m.. Memorial Audi
torium: 1:30 to 4:30 p.m.: Sopho
more Car Wash at Wilbur.
SATURDAY
Biff Game. California Stadium,
Berkeley, 1:30 p.m.
