# SAUTER ADVANCES
## 
### 
John B. Sauter advanced to third-round
competition in the intramural four-walled
handball tournament yesterday in the only
match of the day by virtue of a default
over Sam Josephs. In the only match
scheduled for today Kumvvell will play
Stein at 4 o'clock.
John B. Sauter advanced to third-round
competition in the intramural four-walled
handball tournament yesterday in the only
match of the day by virtue of a default
over Sam Josephs. In the only match
scheduled for today Kumvvell will play
Stein at 4 o'clock.
John B. Sauter advanced to third-round
competition in the intramural four-walled
handball tournament yesterday in the only
match of the day by virtue of a default
over Sam Josephs. In the only match
scheduled for today Kumvvell will play
Stein at 4 o'clock.
John B. Sauter advanced to third-round
competition in the intramural four-walled
handball tournament yesterday in the only
match of the day by virtue of a default
over Sam Josephs. In the only match
scheduled for today Kumvvell will play
Stein at 4 o'clock.
John B. Sauter advanced to third-round
competition in the intramural four-walled
handball tournament yesterday in the only
match of the day by virtue of a default
over Sam Josephs. In the only match
scheduled for today Kumvvell will play
Stein at 4 o'clock.
John B. Sauter advanced to third-round
competition in the intramural four-walled
handball tournament yesterday in the only
match of the day by virtue of a default
over Sam Josephs. In the only match
scheduled for today Kumvvell will play
Stein at 4 o'clock.
John B. Sauter advanced to third-round
competition in the intramural four-walled
handball tournament yesterday in the only
match of the day by virtue of a default
over Sam Josephs. In the only match
scheduled for today Kumvvell will play
Stein at 4 o'clock.
John B. Sauter advanced to third-round
competition in the intramural four-walled
handball tournament yesterday in the only
match of the day by virtue of a default
over Sam Josephs. In the only match
scheduled for today Kumvvell will play
Stein at 4 o'clock.
John B. Sauter advanced to third-round
competition in the intramural four-walled
handball tournament yesterday in the only
match of the day by virtue of a default
over Sam Josephs. In the only match
scheduled for today Kumvvell will play
Stein at 4 o'clock.
John B. Sauter advanced to third-round
competition in the intramural four-walled
handball tournament yesterday in the only
match of the day by virtue of a default
over Sam Josephs. In the only match
scheduled for today Kumvvell will play
Stein at 4 o'clock.
John B. Sauter advanced to third-round
competition in the intramural four-walled
handball tournament yesterday in the only
match of the day by virtue of a default
over Sam Josephs. In the only match
scheduled for today Kumvvell will play
Stein at 4 o'clock.
John B. Sauter advanced to third-round
competition in the intramural four-walled
handball tournament yesterday in the only
match of the day by virtue of a default
over Sam Josephs. In the only match
scheduled for today Kumvvell will play
Stein at 4 o'clock.
John B. Sauter advanced to third-round
competition in the intramural four-walled
handball tournament yesterday in the only
match of the day by virtue of a default
over Sam Josephs. In the only match
scheduled for today Kumvvell will play
Stein at 4 o'clock.
John B. Sauter advanced to third-round
competition in the intramural four-walled
handball tournament yesterday in the only
match of the day by virtue of a default
over Sam Josephs. In the only match
scheduled for today Kumvvell will play
Stein at 4 o'clock.
John B. Sauter advanced to third-round
competition in the intramural four-walled
handball tournament yesterday in the only
match of the day by virtue of a default
over Sam Josephs. In the only match
scheduled for today Kumvvell will play
Stein at 4 o'clock.
John B. Sauter advanced to third-round
competition in the intramural four-walled
handball tournament yesterday in the only
match of the day by virtue of a default
over Sam Josephs. In the only match
scheduled for today Kumvvell will play
Stein at 4 o'clock.
