# Unidentified Russian Student Attempts to Take Life of U. C. Head
## 
### 
An unidentified Russian student
unsuccessfully attempted to as
sassinate W. W. Campbell, presi
dent of the University of Cali
fornia this morning at 9:30.
Concealing himself in the cor
ridor of Boalt Hall, the would-be
assassin drew a gun on Campbell
as he passed. He was prevented
from accomplishing his purpose,
however, and was turned over to
the Berkeley police.
An unidentified Russian student
unsuccessfully attempted to as
sassinate W. W. Campbell, presi
dent of the University of Cali
fornia this morning at 9:30.
Concealing himself in the cor
ridor of Boalt Hall, the would-be
assassin drew a gun on Campbell
as he passed. He was prevented
from accomplishing his purpose,
however, and was turned over to
the Berkeley police.
An unidentified Russian student
unsuccessfully attempted to as
sassinate W. W. Campbell, presi
dent of the University of Cali
fornia this morning at 9:30.
Concealing himself in the cor
ridor of Boalt Hall, the would-be
assassin drew a gun on Campbell
as he passed. He was prevented
from accomplishing his purpose,
however, and was turned over to
the Berkeley police.
An unidentified Russian student
unsuccessfully attempted to as
sassinate W. W. Campbell, presi
dent of the University of Cali
fornia this morning at 9:30.
Concealing himself in the cor
ridor of Boalt Hall, the would-be
assassin drew a gun on Campbell
as he passed. He was prevented
from accomplishing his purpose,
however, and was turned over to
the Berkeley police.
An unidentified Russian student
unsuccessfully attempted to as
sassinate W. W. Campbell, presi
dent of the University of Cali
fornia this morning at 9:30.
Concealing himself in the cor
ridor of Boalt Hall, the would-be
assassin drew a gun on Campbell
as he passed. He was prevented
from accomplishing his purpose,
however, and was turned over to
the Berkeley police.
An unidentified Russian student
unsuccessfully attempted to as
sassinate W. W. Campbell, presi
dent of the University of Cali
fornia this morning at 9:30.
Concealing himself in the cor
ridor of Boalt Hall, the would-be
assassin drew a gun on Campbell
as he passed. He was prevented
from accomplishing his purpose,
however, and was turned over to
the Berkeley police.
An unidentified Russian student
unsuccessfully attempted to as
sassinate W. W. Campbell, presi
dent of the University of Cali
fornia this morning at 9:30.
Concealing himself in the cor
ridor of Boalt Hall, the would-be
assassin drew a gun on Campbell
as he passed. He was prevented
from accomplishing his purpose,
however, and was turned over to
the Berkeley police.
An unidentified Russian student
unsuccessfully attempted to as
sassinate W. W. Campbell, presi
dent of the University of Cali
fornia this morning at 9:30.
Concealing himself in the cor
ridor of Boalt Hall, the would-be
assassin drew a gun on Campbell
as he passed. He was prevented
from accomplishing his purpose,
however, and was turned over to
the Berkeley police.
An unidentified Russian student
unsuccessfully attempted to as
sassinate W. W. Campbell, presi
dent of the University of Cali
fornia this morning at 9:30.
Concealing himself in the cor
ridor of Boalt Hall, the would-be
assassin drew a gun on Campbell
as he passed. He was prevented
from accomplishing his purpose,
however, and was turned over to
the Berkeley police.
An unidentified Russian student
unsuccessfully attempted to as
sassinate W. W. Campbell, presi
dent of the University of Cali
fornia this morning at 9:30.
Concealing himself in the cor
ridor of Boalt Hall, the would-be
assassin drew a gun on Campbell
as he passed. He was prevented
from accomplishing his purpose,
however, and was turned over to
the Berkeley police.
An unidentified Russian student
unsuccessfully attempted to as
sassinate W. W. Campbell, presi
dent of the University of Cali
fornia this morning at 9:30.
Concealing himself in the cor
ridor of Boalt Hall, the would-be
assassin drew a gun on Campbell
as he passed. He was prevented
from accomplishing his purpose,
however, and was turned over to
the Berkeley police.
An unidentified Russian student
unsuccessfully attempted to as
sassinate W. W. Campbell, presi
dent of the University of Cali
fornia this morning at 9:30.
Concealing himself in the cor
ridor of Boalt Hall, the would-be
assassin drew a gun on Campbell
as he passed. He was prevented
from accomplishing his purpose,
however, and was turned over to
the Berkeley police.
An unidentified Russian student
unsuccessfully attempted to as
sassinate W. W. Campbell, presi
dent of the University of Cali
fornia this morning at 9:30.
Concealing himself in the cor
ridor of Boalt Hall, the would-be
assassin drew a gun on Campbell
as he passed. He was prevented
from accomplishing his purpose,
however, and was turned over to
the Berkeley police.
An unidentified Russian student
unsuccessfully attempted to as
sassinate W. W. Campbell, presi
dent of the University of Cali
fornia this morning at 9:30.
Concealing himself in the cor
ridor of Boalt Hall, the would-be
assassin drew a gun on Campbell
as he passed. He was prevented
from accomplishing his purpose,
however, and was turned over to
the Berkeley police.
An unidentified Russian student
unsuccessfully attempted to as
sassinate W. W. Campbell, presi
dent of the University of Cali
fornia this morning at 9:30.
Concealing himself in the cor
ridor of Boalt Hall, the would-be
assassin drew a gun on Campbell
as he passed. He was prevented
from accomplishing his purpose,
however, and was turned over to
the Berkeley police.
