# Bush Directs Farm Events, Tuesday Series
## 
### 
Dr. Chilton R. Bush, the executive
head of the Division of Journalism,
is now directing the University Com
mittee on Public Exercises which in
cludes the Tuesday Evening Series.
Dr. Hubert Heffner, the former di
rector of this committee, is now on
sabbatical leave, studying dramatic
writing at Chicago University.
Marking the opening of Stanford's
Tuesday Evening Series for the fall
quarter, a French sound film with
English subtitles entitled "A Nous la
Liberie" will be shown tomorrow at
7:30 in the auditorium of Memorial
Hall at Stanford.
The public is invited to attend this
movie which is sponsored by the
University Committee on Public Ex
ercises. No admission will be charged
for this traditional function.
"A Nous la Liberie" is a satire on
modern society and business, writ
ten in Rene Clair's great comic style.


CHILTON 11. HUSH
