# Stanford Men to Marry.
## 
### 
D. C. Alexander, '06, is to be mar
ried to Miss May Poor, '10, at Kan
sas City, October 8, and H. Poor,
ex-'o7, will marry Miss Flora Martin,
a Council Bluffs, lowa, on the same
date. ,
D. C. Alexander, '06, is to be mar
ried to Miss May Poor, '10, at Kan
sas City, October 8, and H. Poor,
ex-'o7, will marry Miss Flora Martin,
a Council Bluffs, lowa, on the same
date. ,
D. C. Alexander, '06, is to be mar
ried to Miss May Poor, '10, at Kan
sas City, October 8, and H. Poor,
ex-'o7, will marry Miss Flora Martin,
a Council Bluffs, lowa, on the same
date. ,
D. C. Alexander, '06, is to be mar
ried to Miss May Poor, '10, at Kan
sas City, October 8, and H. Poor,
ex-'o7, will marry Miss Flora Martin,
a Council Bluffs, lowa, on the same
date. ,
D. C. Alexander, '06, is to be mar
ried to Miss May Poor, '10, at Kan
sas City, October 8, and H. Poor,
ex-'o7, will marry Miss Flora Martin,
a Council Bluffs, lowa, on the same
date. ,
D. C. Alexander, '06, is to be mar
ried to Miss May Poor, '10, at Kan
sas City, October 8, and H. Poor,
ex-'o7, will marry Miss Flora Martin,
a Council Bluffs, lowa, on the same
date. ,
D. C. Alexander, '06, is to be mar
ried to Miss May Poor, '10, at Kan
sas City, October 8, and H. Poor,
ex-'o7, will marry Miss Flora Martin,
a Council Bluffs, lowa, on the same
date. ,
D. C. Alexander, '06, is to be mar
ried to Miss May Poor, '10, at Kan
sas City, October 8, and H. Poor,
ex-'o7, will marry Miss Flora Martin,
a Council Bluffs, lowa, on the same
date. ,
D. C. Alexander, '06, is to be mar
ried to Miss May Poor, '10, at Kan
sas City, October 8, and H. Poor,
ex-'o7, will marry Miss Flora Martin,
a Council Bluffs, lowa, on the same
date. ,
