# Fenton Calls Baseball Men to Meet.
## 
### 
Captain K. L. Fenton, '08, has call
ed a meeting of all men interested in
baseball, to take place tomorrow af
ternoon at 1:15 in room 50. Fenton
will speak to the men on the plans
for baseball during the coming year.
Captain K. L. Fenton, '08, has call
ed a meeting of all men interested in
baseball, to take place tomorrow af
ternoon at 1:15 in room 50. Fenton
will speak to the men on the plans
for baseball during the coming year.
Captain K. L. Fenton, '08, has call
ed a meeting of all men interested in
baseball, to take place tomorrow af
ternoon at 1:15 in room 50. Fenton
will speak to the men on the plans
for baseball during the coming year.
Captain K. L. Fenton, '08, has call
ed a meeting of all men interested in
baseball, to take place tomorrow af
ternoon at 1:15 in room 50. Fenton
will speak to the men on the plans
for baseball during the coming year.
Captain K. L. Fenton, '08, has call
ed a meeting of all men interested in
baseball, to take place tomorrow af
ternoon at 1:15 in room 50. Fenton
will speak to the men on the plans
for baseball during the coming year.
Captain K. L. Fenton, '08, has call
ed a meeting of all men interested in
baseball, to take place tomorrow af
ternoon at 1:15 in room 50. Fenton
will speak to the men on the plans
for baseball during the coming year.
Captain K. L. Fenton, '08, has call
ed a meeting of all men interested in
baseball, to take place tomorrow af
ternoon at 1:15 in room 50. Fenton
will speak to the men on the plans
for baseball during the coming year.
Captain K. L. Fenton, '08, has call
ed a meeting of all men interested in
baseball, to take place tomorrow af
ternoon at 1:15 in room 50. Fenton
will speak to the men on the plans
for baseball during the coming year.
Captain K. L. Fenton, '08, has call
ed a meeting of all men interested in
baseball, to take place tomorrow af
ternoon at 1:15 in room 50. Fenton
will speak to the men on the plans
for baseball during the coming year.
