# FLOODS JAM TRAFFIC
## 
### 
BUCHAREST. Rumania, April 6.
(#*>—lnternational railway traffic
through Rumania was paralyzed by
floods today. Passsengers who de
parted from here for Vienna last
night were compelled to detrain at
Cluj and await better conditions.
BUCHAREST. Rumania, April 6.
(#*>—lnternational railway traffic
through Rumania was paralyzed by
floods today. Passsengers who de
parted from here for Vienna last
night were compelled to detrain at
Cluj and await better conditions.
BUCHAREST. Rumania, April 6.
(#*>—lnternational railway traffic
through Rumania was paralyzed by
floods today. Passsengers who de
parted from here for Vienna last
night were compelled to detrain at
Cluj and await better conditions.
BUCHAREST. Rumania, April 6.
(#*>—lnternational railway traffic
through Rumania was paralyzed by
floods today. Passsengers who de
parted from here for Vienna last
night were compelled to detrain at
Cluj and await better conditions.
BUCHAREST. Rumania, April 6.
(#*>—lnternational railway traffic
through Rumania was paralyzed by
floods today. Passsengers who de
parted from here for Vienna last
night were compelled to detrain at
Cluj and await better conditions.
BUCHAREST. Rumania, April 6.
(#*>—lnternational railway traffic
through Rumania was paralyzed by
floods today. Passsengers who de
parted from here for Vienna last
night were compelled to detrain at
Cluj and await better conditions.
BUCHAREST. Rumania, April 6.
(#*>—lnternational railway traffic
through Rumania was paralyzed by
floods today. Passsengers who de
parted from here for Vienna last
night were compelled to detrain at
Cluj and await better conditions.
BUCHAREST. Rumania, April 6.
(#*>—lnternational railway traffic
through Rumania was paralyzed by
floods today. Passsengers who de
parted from here for Vienna last
night were compelled to detrain at
Cluj and await better conditions.
BUCHAREST. Rumania, April 6.
(#*>—lnternational railway traffic
through Rumania was paralyzed by
floods today. Passsengers who de
parted from here for Vienna last
night were compelled to detrain at
Cluj and await better conditions.
BUCHAREST. Rumania, April 6.
(#*>—lnternational railway traffic
through Rumania was paralyzed by
floods today. Passsengers who de
parted from here for Vienna last
night were compelled to detrain at
Cluj and await better conditions.
BUCHAREST. Rumania, April 6.
(#*>—lnternational railway traffic
through Rumania was paralyzed by
floods today. Passsengers who de
parted from here for Vienna last
night were compelled to detrain at
Cluj and await better conditions.
BUCHAREST. Rumania, April 6.
(#*>—lnternational railway traffic
through Rumania was paralyzed by
floods today. Passsengers who de
parted from here for Vienna last
night were compelled to detrain at
Cluj and await better conditions.
BUCHAREST. Rumania, April 6.
(#*>—lnternational railway traffic
through Rumania was paralyzed by
floods today. Passsengers who de
parted from here for Vienna last
night were compelled to detrain at
Cluj and await better conditions.
BUCHAREST. Rumania, April 6.
(#*>—lnternational railway traffic
through Rumania was paralyzed by
floods today. Passsengers who de
parted from here for Vienna last
night were compelled to detrain at
Cluj and await better conditions.
