# FARM'S BOOKSTORE PROBLEMS WILL BE TOLD OF BY STAGER
## 
### 
New ways of serving Stanford i
students, new lines of goods, better ■
solutions of bookstore problems — j
such are the purposes for which j
R. M. Stager, Stanford Bookstore
manager, will leave the campus
Monday afternoon on his way to at- ;
tend the annual conference of the |
Western States District of the Col
lege Bookstore Association in Se
attle.
Stager will be back at his job the I
following Monday, after spending a j
week in Seattle with representatives j
of manufacturers and with other I
college bookstore managers from |
Oregon, Washington, California, and I
Utah. There the managers will air j
their difficulties and compare each 1
others' methods in an effort to im- \
prove their own services, at home. I
It is the practice of the association j
to pool buying power as a chain of 1
stores does, and all buy the same j
type of goods from the same source.
New ways of serving Stanford i
students, new lines of goods, better ■
solutions of bookstore problems — j
such are the purposes for which j
R. M. Stager, Stanford Bookstore
manager, will leave the campus
Monday afternoon on his way to at- ;
tend the annual conference of the |
Western States District of the Col
lege Bookstore Association in Se
attle.
Stager will be back at his job the I
following Monday, after spending a j
week in Seattle with representatives j
of manufacturers and with other I
college bookstore managers from |
Oregon, Washington, California, and I
Utah. There the managers will air j
their difficulties and compare each 1
others' methods in an effort to im- \
prove their own services, at home. I
It is the practice of the association j
to pool buying power as a chain of 1
stores does, and all buy the same j
type of goods from the same source.
New ways of serving Stanford i
students, new lines of goods, better ■
solutions of bookstore problems — j
such are the purposes for which j
R. M. Stager, Stanford Bookstore
manager, will leave the campus
Monday afternoon on his way to at- ;
tend the annual conference of the |
Western States District of the Col
lege Bookstore Association in Se
attle.
Stager will be back at his job the I
following Monday, after spending a j
week in Seattle with representatives j
of manufacturers and with other I
college bookstore managers from |
Oregon, Washington, California, and I
Utah. There the managers will air j
their difficulties and compare each 1
others' methods in an effort to im- \
prove their own services, at home. I
It is the practice of the association j
to pool buying power as a chain of 1
stores does, and all buy the same j
type of goods from the same source.
New ways of serving Stanford i
students, new lines of goods, better ■
solutions of bookstore problems — j
such are the purposes for which j
R. M. Stager, Stanford Bookstore
manager, will leave the campus
Monday afternoon on his way to at- ;
tend the annual conference of the |
Western States District of the Col
lege Bookstore Association in Se
attle.
Stager will be back at his job the I
following Monday, after spending a j
week in Seattle with representatives j
of manufacturers and with other I
college bookstore managers from |
Oregon, Washington, California, and I
Utah. There the managers will air j
their difficulties and compare each 1
others' methods in an effort to im- \
prove their own services, at home. I
It is the practice of the association j
to pool buying power as a chain of 1
stores does, and all buy the same j
type of goods from the same source.
New ways of serving Stanford i
students, new lines of goods, better ■
solutions of bookstore problems — j
such are the purposes for which j
R. M. Stager, Stanford Bookstore
manager, will leave the campus
Monday afternoon on his way to at- ;
tend the annual conference of the |
Western States District of the Col
lege Bookstore Association in Se
attle.
Stager will be back at his job the I
following Monday, after spending a j
week in Seattle with representatives j
of manufacturers and with other I
college bookstore managers from |
Oregon, Washington, California, and I
Utah. There the managers will air j
their difficulties and compare each 1
others' methods in an effort to im- \
prove their own services, at home. I
It is the practice of the association j
to pool buying power as a chain of 1
stores does, and all buy the same j
type of goods from the same source.
New ways of serving Stanford i
students, new lines of goods, better ■
solutions of bookstore problems — j
such are the purposes for which j
R. M. Stager, Stanford Bookstore
manager, will leave the campus
Monday afternoon on his way to at- ;
tend the annual conference of the |
Western States District of the Col
lege Bookstore Association in Se
attle.
Stager will be back at his job the I
following Monday, after spending a j
week in Seattle with representatives j
of manufacturers and with other I
college bookstore managers from |
Oregon, Washington, California, and I
Utah. There the managers will air j
their difficulties and compare each 1
others' methods in an effort to im- \
prove their own services, at home. I
It is the practice of the association j
to pool buying power as a chain of 1
stores does, and all buy the same j
type of goods from the same source.
New ways of serving Stanford i
students, new lines of goods, better ■
solutions of bookstore problems — j
such are the purposes for which j
R. M. Stager, Stanford Bookstore
manager, will leave the campus
Monday afternoon on his way to at- ;
tend the annual conference of the |
Western States District of the Col
lege Bookstore Association in Se
attle.
Stager will be back at his job the I
following Monday, after spending a j
week in Seattle with representatives j
of manufacturers and with other I
college bookstore managers from |
Oregon, Washington, California, and I
Utah. There the managers will air j
their difficulties and compare each 1
others' methods in an effort to im- \
prove their own services, at home. I
It is the practice of the association j
to pool buying power as a chain of 1
stores does, and all buy the same j
type of goods from the same source.
New ways of serving Stanford i
students, new lines of goods, better ■
solutions of bookstore problems — j
such are the purposes for which j
R. M. Stager, Stanford Bookstore
manager, will leave the campus
Monday afternoon on his way to at- ;
tend the annual conference of the |
Western States District of the Col
lege Bookstore Association in Se
attle.
Stager will be back at his job the I
following Monday, after spending a j
week in Seattle with representatives j
of manufacturers and with other I
college bookstore managers from |
Oregon, Washington, California, and I
Utah. There the managers will air j
their difficulties and compare each 1
others' methods in an effort to im- \
prove their own services, at home. I
It is the practice of the association j
to pool buying power as a chain of 1
stores does, and all buy the same j
type of goods from the same source.
New ways of serving Stanford i
students, new lines of goods, better ■
solutions of bookstore problems — j
such are the purposes for which j
R. M. Stager, Stanford Bookstore
manager, will leave the campus
Monday afternoon on his way to at- ;
tend the annual conference of the |
Western States District of the Col
lege Bookstore Association in Se
attle.
Stager will be back at his job the I
following Monday, after spending a j
week in Seattle with representatives j
of manufacturers and with other I
college bookstore managers from |
Oregon, Washington, California, and I
Utah. There the managers will air j
their difficulties and compare each 1
others' methods in an effort to im- \
prove their own services, at home. I
It is the practice of the association j
to pool buying power as a chain of 1
stores does, and all buy the same j
type of goods from the same source.
New ways of serving Stanford i
students, new lines of goods, better ■
solutions of bookstore problems — j
such are the purposes for which j
R. M. Stager, Stanford Bookstore
manager, will leave the campus
Monday afternoon on his way to at- ;
tend the annual conference of the |
Western States District of the Col
lege Bookstore Association in Se
attle.
Stager will be back at his job the I
following Monday, after spending a j
week in Seattle with representatives j
of manufacturers and with other I
college bookstore managers from |
Oregon, Washington, California, and I
Utah. There the managers will air j
their difficulties and compare each 1
others' methods in an effort to im- \
prove their own services, at home. I
It is the practice of the association j
to pool buying power as a chain of 1
stores does, and all buy the same j
type of goods from the same source.
New ways of serving Stanford i
students, new lines of goods, better ■
solutions of bookstore problems — j
such are the purposes for which j
R. M. Stager, Stanford Bookstore
manager, will leave the campus
Monday afternoon on his way to at- ;
tend the annual conference of the |
Western States District of the Col
lege Bookstore Association in Se
attle.
Stager will be back at his job the I
following Monday, after spending a j
week in Seattle with representatives j
of manufacturers and with other I
college bookstore managers from |
Oregon, Washington, California, and I
Utah. There the managers will air j
their difficulties and compare each 1
others' methods in an effort to im- \
prove their own services, at home. I
It is the practice of the association j
to pool buying power as a chain of 1
stores does, and all buy the same j
type of goods from the same source.
New ways of serving Stanford i
students, new lines of goods, better ■
solutions of bookstore problems — j
such are the purposes for which j
R. M. Stager, Stanford Bookstore
manager, will leave the campus
Monday afternoon on his way to at- ;
tend the annual conference of the |
Western States District of the Col
lege Bookstore Association in Se
attle.
Stager will be back at his job the I
following Monday, after spending a j
week in Seattle with representatives j
of manufacturers and with other I
college bookstore managers from |
Oregon, Washington, California, and I
Utah. There the managers will air j
their difficulties and compare each 1
others' methods in an effort to im- \
prove their own services, at home. I
It is the practice of the association j
to pool buying power as a chain of 1
stores does, and all buy the same j
type of goods from the same source.
New ways of serving Stanford i
students, new lines of goods, better ■
solutions of bookstore problems — j
such are the purposes for which j
R. M. Stager, Stanford Bookstore
manager, will leave the campus
Monday afternoon on his way to at- ;
tend the annual conference of the |
Western States District of the Col
lege Bookstore Association in Se
attle.
Stager will be back at his job the I
following Monday, after spending a j
week in Seattle with representatives j
of manufacturers and with other I
college bookstore managers from |
Oregon, Washington, California, and I
Utah. There the managers will air j
their difficulties and compare each 1
others' methods in an effort to im- \
prove their own services, at home. I
It is the practice of the association j
to pool buying power as a chain of 1
stores does, and all buy the same j
type of goods from the same source.
New ways of serving Stanford i
students, new lines of goods, better ■
solutions of bookstore problems — j
such are the purposes for which j
R. M. Stager, Stanford Bookstore
manager, will leave the campus
Monday afternoon on his way to at- ;
tend the annual conference of the |
Western States District of the Col
lege Bookstore Association in Se
attle.
Stager will be back at his job the I
following Monday, after spending a j
week in Seattle with representatives j
of manufacturers and with other I
college bookstore managers from |
Oregon, Washington, California, and I
Utah. There the managers will air j
their difficulties and compare each 1
others' methods in an effort to im- \
prove their own services, at home. I
It is the practice of the association j
to pool buying power as a chain of 1
stores does, and all buy the same j
type of goods from the same source.
