# Tennis Semi-Finals Set for Weekend
## 
### 
Rain dampened the semi-final
games of the all-campus tennis
tournament this week but plans
went ahead for the two matches
to be played this weekend.
As the five week tournament
neared an end, the semifinal
matches pit Connie Wheeler and
Tom Scofield against Barbara
Bcardslee and drover Miller and
George Liong and Tappy Kimball
against Marianne Supple and Joe
Owen.
Rain dampened the semi-final
games of the all-campus tennis
tournament this week but plans
went ahead for the two matches
to be played this weekend.
As the five week tournament
neared an end, the semifinal
matches pit Connie Wheeler and
Tom Scofield against Barbara
Bcardslee and drover Miller and
George Liong and Tappy Kimball
against Marianne Supple and Joe
Owen.
Rain dampened the semi-final
games of the all-campus tennis
tournament this week but plans
went ahead for the two matches
to be played this weekend.
As the five week tournament
neared an end, the semifinal
matches pit Connie Wheeler and
Tom Scofield against Barbara
Bcardslee and drover Miller and
George Liong and Tappy Kimball
against Marianne Supple and Joe
Owen.
Rain dampened the semi-final
games of the all-campus tennis
tournament this week but plans
went ahead for the two matches
to be played this weekend.
As the five week tournament
neared an end, the semifinal
matches pit Connie Wheeler and
Tom Scofield against Barbara
Bcardslee and drover Miller and
George Liong and Tappy Kimball
against Marianne Supple and Joe
Owen.
Rain dampened the semi-final
games of the all-campus tennis
tournament this week but plans
went ahead for the two matches
to be played this weekend.
As the five week tournament
neared an end, the semifinal
matches pit Connie Wheeler and
Tom Scofield against Barbara
Bcardslee and drover Miller and
George Liong and Tappy Kimball
against Marianne Supple and Joe
Owen.
Rain dampened the semi-final
games of the all-campus tennis
tournament this week but plans
went ahead for the two matches
to be played this weekend.
As the five week tournament
neared an end, the semifinal
matches pit Connie Wheeler and
Tom Scofield against Barbara
Bcardslee and drover Miller and
George Liong and Tappy Kimball
against Marianne Supple and Joe
Owen.
Rain dampened the semi-final
games of the all-campus tennis
tournament this week but plans
went ahead for the two matches
to be played this weekend.
As the five week tournament
neared an end, the semifinal
matches pit Connie Wheeler and
Tom Scofield against Barbara
Bcardslee and drover Miller and
George Liong and Tappy Kimball
against Marianne Supple and Joe
Owen.
Rain dampened the semi-final
games of the all-campus tennis
tournament this week but plans
went ahead for the two matches
to be played this weekend.
As the five week tournament
neared an end, the semifinal
matches pit Connie Wheeler and
Tom Scofield against Barbara
Bcardslee and drover Miller and
George Liong and Tappy Kimball
against Marianne Supple and Joe
Owen.
Rain dampened the semi-final
games of the all-campus tennis
tournament this week but plans
went ahead for the two matches
to be played this weekend.
As the five week tournament
neared an end, the semifinal
matches pit Connie Wheeler and
Tom Scofield against Barbara
Bcardslee and drover Miller and
George Liong and Tappy Kimball
against Marianne Supple and Joe
Owen.
Rain dampened the semi-final
games of the all-campus tennis
tournament this week but plans
went ahead for the two matches
to be played this weekend.
As the five week tournament
neared an end, the semifinal
matches pit Connie Wheeler and
Tom Scofield against Barbara
Bcardslee and drover Miller and
George Liong and Tappy Kimball
against Marianne Supple and Joe
Owen.
Rain dampened the semi-final
games of the all-campus tennis
tournament this week but plans
went ahead for the two matches
to be played this weekend.
As the five week tournament
neared an end, the semifinal
matches pit Connie Wheeler and
Tom Scofield against Barbara
Bcardslee and drover Miller and
George Liong and Tappy Kimball
against Marianne Supple and Joe
Owen.
Rain dampened the semi-final
games of the all-campus tennis
tournament this week but plans
went ahead for the two matches
to be played this weekend.
As the five week tournament
neared an end, the semifinal
matches pit Connie Wheeler and
Tom Scofield against Barbara
Bcardslee and drover Miller and
George Liong and Tappy Kimball
against Marianne Supple and Joe
Owen.
Rain dampened the semi-final
games of the all-campus tennis
tournament this week but plans
went ahead for the two matches
to be played this weekend.
As the five week tournament
neared an end, the semifinal
matches pit Connie Wheeler and
Tom Scofield against Barbara
Bcardslee and drover Miller and
George Liong and Tappy Kimball
against Marianne Supple and Joe
Owen.
Rain dampened the semi-final
games of the all-campus tennis
tournament this week but plans
went ahead for the two matches
to be played this weekend.
As the five week tournament
neared an end, the semifinal
matches pit Connie Wheeler and
Tom Scofield against Barbara
Bcardslee and drover Miller and
George Liong and Tappy Kimball
against Marianne Supple and Joe
Owen.
Rain dampened the semi-final
games of the all-campus tennis
tournament this week but plans
went ahead for the two matches
to be played this weekend.
As the five week tournament
neared an end, the semifinal
matches pit Connie Wheeler and
Tom Scofield against Barbara
Bcardslee and drover Miller and
George Liong and Tappy Kimball
against Marianne Supple and Joe
Owen.
