# British Rush To Halt Indonesians
## 
### 
BATAVIA, Oct. 11l (UP). —British warplancs were ordered into action
today to halt hands of Indonesian forces on the march in ccntral Jana,
and all available warships were reported rushing to the strife-torn
Socrahaja naval base city to enforce a demand that the Indonesians sur
render the murderers of a British brigadier or face the might of modern
military power.
British Lt. Gen. Sir Philip Christinson. commander of Allied forces in
Java, said intelligence reports indicated the Indonesians in the Socra
haja area were led and directed by Japanese army olTicers and German
naval officers. Five German U-boat skippers escaped recently from a
prison camp in western Java and presumably joined the Indonesians,
who are fighting against a return of Dutch rule to the Netherlands East
Indies.
BATAVIA, Oct. 11l (UP). —British warplancs were ordered into action
today to halt hands of Indonesian forces on the march in ccntral Jana,
and all available warships were reported rushing to the strife-torn
Socrahaja naval base city to enforce a demand that the Indonesians sur
render the murderers of a British brigadier or face the might of modern
military power.
British Lt. Gen. Sir Philip Christinson. commander of Allied forces in
Java, said intelligence reports indicated the Indonesians in the Socra
haja area were led and directed by Japanese army olTicers and German
naval officers. Five German U-boat skippers escaped recently from a
prison camp in western Java and presumably joined the Indonesians,
who are fighting against a return of Dutch rule to the Netherlands East
Indies.
BATAVIA, Oct. 11l (UP). —British warplancs were ordered into action
today to halt hands of Indonesian forces on the march in ccntral Jana,
and all available warships were reported rushing to the strife-torn
Socrahaja naval base city to enforce a demand that the Indonesians sur
render the murderers of a British brigadier or face the might of modern
military power.
British Lt. Gen. Sir Philip Christinson. commander of Allied forces in
Java, said intelligence reports indicated the Indonesians in the Socra
haja area were led and directed by Japanese army olTicers and German
naval officers. Five German U-boat skippers escaped recently from a
prison camp in western Java and presumably joined the Indonesians,
who are fighting against a return of Dutch rule to the Netherlands East
Indies.
BATAVIA, Oct. 11l (UP). —British warplancs were ordered into action
today to halt hands of Indonesian forces on the march in ccntral Jana,
and all available warships were reported rushing to the strife-torn
Socrahaja naval base city to enforce a demand that the Indonesians sur
render the murderers of a British brigadier or face the might of modern
military power.
British Lt. Gen. Sir Philip Christinson. commander of Allied forces in
Java, said intelligence reports indicated the Indonesians in the Socra
haja area were led and directed by Japanese army olTicers and German
naval officers. Five German U-boat skippers escaped recently from a
prison camp in western Java and presumably joined the Indonesians,
who are fighting against a return of Dutch rule to the Netherlands East
Indies.
BATAVIA, Oct. 11l (UP). —British warplancs were ordered into action
today to halt hands of Indonesian forces on the march in ccntral Jana,
and all available warships were reported rushing to the strife-torn
Socrahaja naval base city to enforce a demand that the Indonesians sur
render the murderers of a British brigadier or face the might of modern
military power.
British Lt. Gen. Sir Philip Christinson. commander of Allied forces in
Java, said intelligence reports indicated the Indonesians in the Socra
haja area were led and directed by Japanese army olTicers and German
naval officers. Five German U-boat skippers escaped recently from a
prison camp in western Java and presumably joined the Indonesians,
who are fighting against a return of Dutch rule to the Netherlands East
Indies.
BATAVIA, Oct. 11l (UP). —British warplancs were ordered into action
today to halt hands of Indonesian forces on the march in ccntral Jana,
and all available warships were reported rushing to the strife-torn
Socrahaja naval base city to enforce a demand that the Indonesians sur
render the murderers of a British brigadier or face the might of modern
military power.
British Lt. Gen. Sir Philip Christinson. commander of Allied forces in
Java, said intelligence reports indicated the Indonesians in the Socra
haja area were led and directed by Japanese army olTicers and German
naval officers. Five German U-boat skippers escaped recently from a
prison camp in western Java and presumably joined the Indonesians,
who are fighting against a return of Dutch rule to the Netherlands East
Indies.
BATAVIA, Oct. 11l (UP). —British warplancs were ordered into action
today to halt hands of Indonesian forces on the march in ccntral Jana,
and all available warships were reported rushing to the strife-torn
Socrahaja naval base city to enforce a demand that the Indonesians sur
render the murderers of a British brigadier or face the might of modern
military power.
British Lt. Gen. Sir Philip Christinson. commander of Allied forces in
Java, said intelligence reports indicated the Indonesians in the Socra
haja area were led and directed by Japanese army olTicers and German
naval officers. Five German U-boat skippers escaped recently from a
prison camp in western Java and presumably joined the Indonesians,
who are fighting against a return of Dutch rule to the Netherlands East
Indies.
BATAVIA, Oct. 11l (UP). —British warplancs were ordered into action
today to halt hands of Indonesian forces on the march in ccntral Jana,
and all available warships were reported rushing to the strife-torn
Socrahaja naval base city to enforce a demand that the Indonesians sur
render the murderers of a British brigadier or face the might of modern
military power.
British Lt. Gen. Sir Philip Christinson. commander of Allied forces in
Java, said intelligence reports indicated the Indonesians in the Socra
haja area were led and directed by Japanese army olTicers and German
naval officers. Five German U-boat skippers escaped recently from a
prison camp in western Java and presumably joined the Indonesians,
who are fighting against a return of Dutch rule to the Netherlands East
Indies.
BATAVIA, Oct. 11l (UP). —British warplancs were ordered into action
today to halt hands of Indonesian forces on the march in ccntral Jana,
and all available warships were reported rushing to the strife-torn
Socrahaja naval base city to enforce a demand that the Indonesians sur
render the murderers of a British brigadier or face the might of modern
military power.
British Lt. Gen. Sir Philip Christinson. commander of Allied forces in
Java, said intelligence reports indicated the Indonesians in the Socra
haja area were led and directed by Japanese army olTicers and German
naval officers. Five German U-boat skippers escaped recently from a
prison camp in western Java and presumably joined the Indonesians,
who are fighting against a return of Dutch rule to the Netherlands East
Indies.
BATAVIA, Oct. 11l (UP). —British warplancs were ordered into action
today to halt hands of Indonesian forces on the march in ccntral Jana,
and all available warships were reported rushing to the strife-torn
Socrahaja naval base city to enforce a demand that the Indonesians sur
render the murderers of a British brigadier or face the might of modern
military power.
British Lt. Gen. Sir Philip Christinson. commander of Allied forces in
Java, said intelligence reports indicated the Indonesians in the Socra
haja area were led and directed by Japanese army olTicers and German
naval officers. Five German U-boat skippers escaped recently from a
prison camp in western Java and presumably joined the Indonesians,
who are fighting against a return of Dutch rule to the Netherlands East
Indies.
BATAVIA, Oct. 11l (UP). —British warplancs were ordered into action
today to halt hands of Indonesian forces on the march in ccntral Jana,
and all available warships were reported rushing to the strife-torn
Socrahaja naval base city to enforce a demand that the Indonesians sur
render the murderers of a British brigadier or face the might of modern
military power.
British Lt. Gen. Sir Philip Christinson. commander of Allied forces in
Java, said intelligence reports indicated the Indonesians in the Socra
haja area were led and directed by Japanese army olTicers and German
naval officers. Five German U-boat skippers escaped recently from a
prison camp in western Java and presumably joined the Indonesians,
who are fighting against a return of Dutch rule to the Netherlands East
Indies.
BATAVIA, Oct. 11l (UP). —British warplancs were ordered into action
today to halt hands of Indonesian forces on the march in ccntral Jana,
and all available warships were reported rushing to the strife-torn
Socrahaja naval base city to enforce a demand that the Indonesians sur
render the murderers of a British brigadier or face the might of modern
military power.
British Lt. Gen. Sir Philip Christinson. commander of Allied forces in
Java, said intelligence reports indicated the Indonesians in the Socra
haja area were led and directed by Japanese army olTicers and German
naval officers. Five German U-boat skippers escaped recently from a
prison camp in western Java and presumably joined the Indonesians,
who are fighting against a return of Dutch rule to the Netherlands East
Indies.
BATAVIA, Oct. 11l (UP). —British warplancs were ordered into action
today to halt hands of Indonesian forces on the march in ccntral Jana,
and all available warships were reported rushing to the strife-torn
Socrahaja naval base city to enforce a demand that the Indonesians sur
render the murderers of a British brigadier or face the might of modern
military power.
British Lt. Gen. Sir Philip Christinson. commander of Allied forces in
Java, said intelligence reports indicated the Indonesians in the Socra
haja area were led and directed by Japanese army olTicers and German
naval officers. Five German U-boat skippers escaped recently from a
prison camp in western Java and presumably joined the Indonesians,
who are fighting against a return of Dutch rule to the Netherlands East
Indies.
BATAVIA, Oct. 11l (UP). —British warplancs were ordered into action
today to halt hands of Indonesian forces on the march in ccntral Jana,
and all available warships were reported rushing to the strife-torn
Socrahaja naval base city to enforce a demand that the Indonesians sur
render the murderers of a British brigadier or face the might of modern
military power.
British Lt. Gen. Sir Philip Christinson. commander of Allied forces in
Java, said intelligence reports indicated the Indonesians in the Socra
haja area were led and directed by Japanese army olTicers and German
naval officers. Five German U-boat skippers escaped recently from a
prison camp in western Java and presumably joined the Indonesians,
who are fighting against a return of Dutch rule to the Netherlands East
Indies.
BATAVIA, Oct. 11l (UP). —British warplancs were ordered into action
today to halt hands of Indonesian forces on the march in ccntral Jana,
and all available warships were reported rushing to the strife-torn
Socrahaja naval base city to enforce a demand that the Indonesians sur
render the murderers of a British brigadier or face the might of modern
military power.
British Lt. Gen. Sir Philip Christinson. commander of Allied forces in
Java, said intelligence reports indicated the Indonesians in the Socra
haja area were led and directed by Japanese army olTicers and German
naval officers. Five German U-boat skippers escaped recently from a
prison camp in western Java and presumably joined the Indonesians,
who are fighting against a return of Dutch rule to the Netherlands East
Indies.
