# Nazi Religion
## 
### 
Gaining control under the unqual
ified support of the Nazi state,
Reichbishop Meuller stood as sole
head of German Evangelii r.l Church
last night as opposition leaders cau
tiously kept quiet. Aside from a few
denunciations on the pari of scat
tered members of the Pastor's Emer
gency League yesterda3''s sermon
were all that Reichbishop could ask.
Opposition seemed demoralized fol
lowing Hitler's refusal to shift sup
port to "German Christians" and
surprising about face of seven bish
ops, hitherto ranged agah.st Muel
ler.
Gaining control under the unqual
ified support of the Nazi state,
Reichbishop Meuller stood as sole
head of German Evangelii r.l Church
last night as opposition leaders cau
tiously kept quiet. Aside from a few
denunciations on the pari of scat
tered members of the Pastor's Emer
gency League yesterda3''s sermon
were all that Reichbishop could ask.
Opposition seemed demoralized fol
lowing Hitler's refusal to shift sup
port to "German Christians" and
surprising about face of seven bish
ops, hitherto ranged agah.st Muel
ler.
Gaining control under the unqual
ified support of the Nazi state,
Reichbishop Meuller stood as sole
head of German Evangelii r.l Church
last night as opposition leaders cau
tiously kept quiet. Aside from a few
denunciations on the pari of scat
tered members of the Pastor's Emer
gency League yesterda3''s sermon
were all that Reichbishop could ask.
Opposition seemed demoralized fol
lowing Hitler's refusal to shift sup
port to "German Christians" and
surprising about face of seven bish
ops, hitherto ranged agah.st Muel
ler.
Gaining control under the unqual
ified support of the Nazi state,
Reichbishop Meuller stood as sole
head of German Evangelii r.l Church
last night as opposition leaders cau
tiously kept quiet. Aside from a few
denunciations on the pari of scat
tered members of the Pastor's Emer
gency League yesterda3''s sermon
were all that Reichbishop could ask.
Opposition seemed demoralized fol
lowing Hitler's refusal to shift sup
port to "German Christians" and
surprising about face of seven bish
ops, hitherto ranged agah.st Muel
ler.
Gaining control under the unqual
ified support of the Nazi state,
Reichbishop Meuller stood as sole
head of German Evangelii r.l Church
last night as opposition leaders cau
tiously kept quiet. Aside from a few
denunciations on the pari of scat
tered members of the Pastor's Emer
gency League yesterda3''s sermon
were all that Reichbishop could ask.
Opposition seemed demoralized fol
lowing Hitler's refusal to shift sup
port to "German Christians" and
surprising about face of seven bish
ops, hitherto ranged agah.st Muel
ler.
Gaining control under the unqual
ified support of the Nazi state,
Reichbishop Meuller stood as sole
head of German Evangelii r.l Church
last night as opposition leaders cau
tiously kept quiet. Aside from a few
denunciations on the pari of scat
tered members of the Pastor's Emer
gency League yesterda3''s sermon
were all that Reichbishop could ask.
Opposition seemed demoralized fol
lowing Hitler's refusal to shift sup
port to "German Christians" and
surprising about face of seven bish
ops, hitherto ranged agah.st Muel
ler.
Gaining control under the unqual
ified support of the Nazi state,
Reichbishop Meuller stood as sole
head of German Evangelii r.l Church
last night as opposition leaders cau
tiously kept quiet. Aside from a few
denunciations on the pari of scat
tered members of the Pastor's Emer
gency League yesterda3''s sermon
were all that Reichbishop could ask.
Opposition seemed demoralized fol
lowing Hitler's refusal to shift sup
port to "German Christians" and
surprising about face of seven bish
ops, hitherto ranged agah.st Muel
ler.
Gaining control under the unqual
ified support of the Nazi state,
Reichbishop Meuller stood as sole
head of German Evangelii r.l Church
last night as opposition leaders cau
tiously kept quiet. Aside from a few
denunciations on the pari of scat
tered members of the Pastor's Emer
gency League yesterda3''s sermon
were all that Reichbishop could ask.
Opposition seemed demoralized fol
lowing Hitler's refusal to shift sup
port to "German Christians" and
surprising about face of seven bish
ops, hitherto ranged agah.st Muel
ler.
Gaining control under the unqual
ified support of the Nazi state,
Reichbishop Meuller stood as sole
head of German Evangelii r.l Church
last night as opposition leaders cau
tiously kept quiet. Aside from a few
denunciations on the pari of scat
tered members of the Pastor's Emer
gency League yesterda3''s sermon
were all that Reichbishop could ask.
Opposition seemed demoralized fol
lowing Hitler's refusal to shift sup
port to "German Christians" and
surprising about face of seven bish
ops, hitherto ranged agah.st Muel
ler.
Gaining control under the unqual
ified support of the Nazi state,
Reichbishop Meuller stood as sole
head of German Evangelii r.l Church
last night as opposition leaders cau
tiously kept quiet. Aside from a few
denunciations on the pari of scat
tered members of the Pastor's Emer
gency League yesterda3''s sermon
were all that Reichbishop could ask.
Opposition seemed demoralized fol
lowing Hitler's refusal to shift sup
port to "German Christians" and
surprising about face of seven bish
ops, hitherto ranged agah.st Muel
ler.
Gaining control under the unqual
ified support of the Nazi state,
Reichbishop Meuller stood as sole
head of German Evangelii r.l Church
last night as opposition leaders cau
tiously kept quiet. Aside from a few
denunciations on the pari of scat
tered members of the Pastor's Emer
gency League yesterda3''s sermon
were all that Reichbishop could ask.
Opposition seemed demoralized fol
lowing Hitler's refusal to shift sup
port to "German Christians" and
surprising about face of seven bish
ops, hitherto ranged agah.st Muel
ler.
Gaining control under the unqual
ified support of the Nazi state,
Reichbishop Meuller stood as sole
head of German Evangelii r.l Church
last night as opposition leaders cau
tiously kept quiet. Aside from a few
denunciations on the pari of scat
tered members of the Pastor's Emer
gency League yesterda3''s sermon
were all that Reichbishop could ask.
Opposition seemed demoralized fol
lowing Hitler's refusal to shift sup
port to "German Christians" and
surprising about face of seven bish
ops, hitherto ranged agah.st Muel
ler.
Gaining control under the unqual
ified support of the Nazi state,
Reichbishop Meuller stood as sole
head of German Evangelii r.l Church
last night as opposition leaders cau
tiously kept quiet. Aside from a few
denunciations on the pari of scat
tered members of the Pastor's Emer
gency League yesterda3''s sermon
were all that Reichbishop could ask.
Opposition seemed demoralized fol
lowing Hitler's refusal to shift sup
port to "German Christians" and
surprising about face of seven bish
ops, hitherto ranged agah.st Muel
ler.
Gaining control under the unqual
ified support of the Nazi state,
Reichbishop Meuller stood as sole
head of German Evangelii r.l Church
last night as opposition leaders cau
tiously kept quiet. Aside from a few
denunciations on the pari of scat
tered members of the Pastor's Emer
gency League yesterda3''s sermon
were all that Reichbishop could ask.
Opposition seemed demoralized fol
lowing Hitler's refusal to shift sup
port to "German Christians" and
surprising about face of seven bish
ops, hitherto ranged agah.st Muel
ler.
Gaining control under the unqual
ified support of the Nazi state,
Reichbishop Meuller stood as sole
head of German Evangelii r.l Church
last night as opposition leaders cau
tiously kept quiet. Aside from a few
denunciations on the pari of scat
tered members of the Pastor's Emer
gency League yesterda3''s sermon
were all that Reichbishop could ask.
Opposition seemed demoralized fol
lowing Hitler's refusal to shift sup
port to "German Christians" and
surprising about face of seven bish
ops, hitherto ranged agah.st Muel
ler.
