# Austrian Demands
## 
### 
Recognition of Austria's sovereign
independence was demanded last
night by Chancellor Hitler by Prince
Ernst von Starhember, head of
semi-Fascist Heimwehr. fa addition,
the Prince, outlining Ausirian pro
gram in the Austro-Germar conflict,
demanded that Hitler never place
non-Austrians in power in Austria
and claimed that Nazis were gener
ally unreliable and dishonorable.
Recognition of Austria's sovereign
independence was demanded last
night by Chancellor Hitler by Prince
Ernst von Starhember, head of
semi-Fascist Heimwehr. fa addition,
the Prince, outlining Ausirian pro
gram in the Austro-Germar conflict,
demanded that Hitler never place
non-Austrians in power in Austria
and claimed that Nazis were gener
ally unreliable and dishonorable.
Recognition of Austria's sovereign
independence was demanded last
night by Chancellor Hitler by Prince
Ernst von Starhember, head of
semi-Fascist Heimwehr. fa addition,
the Prince, outlining Ausirian pro
gram in the Austro-Germar conflict,
demanded that Hitler never place
non-Austrians in power in Austria
and claimed that Nazis were gener
ally unreliable and dishonorable.
Recognition of Austria's sovereign
independence was demanded last
night by Chancellor Hitler by Prince
Ernst von Starhember, head of
semi-Fascist Heimwehr. fa addition,
the Prince, outlining Ausirian pro
gram in the Austro-Germar conflict,
demanded that Hitler never place
non-Austrians in power in Austria
and claimed that Nazis were gener
ally unreliable and dishonorable.
Recognition of Austria's sovereign
independence was demanded last
night by Chancellor Hitler by Prince
Ernst von Starhember, head of
semi-Fascist Heimwehr. fa addition,
the Prince, outlining Ausirian pro
gram in the Austro-Germar conflict,
demanded that Hitler never place
non-Austrians in power in Austria
and claimed that Nazis were gener
ally unreliable and dishonorable.
Recognition of Austria's sovereign
independence was demanded last
night by Chancellor Hitler by Prince
Ernst von Starhember, head of
semi-Fascist Heimwehr. fa addition,
the Prince, outlining Ausirian pro
gram in the Austro-Germar conflict,
demanded that Hitler never place
non-Austrians in power in Austria
and claimed that Nazis were gener
ally unreliable and dishonorable.
Recognition of Austria's sovereign
independence was demanded last
night by Chancellor Hitler by Prince
Ernst von Starhember, head of
semi-Fascist Heimwehr. fa addition,
the Prince, outlining Ausirian pro
gram in the Austro-Germar conflict,
demanded that Hitler never place
non-Austrians in power in Austria
and claimed that Nazis were gener
ally unreliable and dishonorable.
Recognition of Austria's sovereign
independence was demanded last
night by Chancellor Hitler by Prince
Ernst von Starhember, head of
semi-Fascist Heimwehr. fa addition,
the Prince, outlining Ausirian pro
gram in the Austro-Germar conflict,
demanded that Hitler never place
non-Austrians in power in Austria
and claimed that Nazis were gener
ally unreliable and dishonorable.
Recognition of Austria's sovereign
independence was demanded last
night by Chancellor Hitler by Prince
Ernst von Starhember, head of
semi-Fascist Heimwehr. fa addition,
the Prince, outlining Ausirian pro
gram in the Austro-Germar conflict,
demanded that Hitler never place
non-Austrians in power in Austria
and claimed that Nazis were gener
ally unreliable and dishonorable.
Recognition of Austria's sovereign
independence was demanded last
night by Chancellor Hitler by Prince
Ernst von Starhember, head of
semi-Fascist Heimwehr. fa addition,
the Prince, outlining Ausirian pro
gram in the Austro-Germar conflict,
demanded that Hitler never place
non-Austrians in power in Austria
and claimed that Nazis were gener
ally unreliable and dishonorable.
Recognition of Austria's sovereign
independence was demanded last
night by Chancellor Hitler by Prince
Ernst von Starhember, head of
semi-Fascist Heimwehr. fa addition,
the Prince, outlining Ausirian pro
gram in the Austro-Germar conflict,
demanded that Hitler never place
non-Austrians in power in Austria
and claimed that Nazis were gener
ally unreliable and dishonorable.
Recognition of Austria's sovereign
independence was demanded last
night by Chancellor Hitler by Prince
Ernst von Starhember, head of
semi-Fascist Heimwehr. fa addition,
the Prince, outlining Ausirian pro
gram in the Austro-Germar conflict,
demanded that Hitler never place
non-Austrians in power in Austria
and claimed that Nazis were gener
ally unreliable and dishonorable.
Recognition of Austria's sovereign
independence was demanded last
night by Chancellor Hitler by Prince
Ernst von Starhember, head of
semi-Fascist Heimwehr. fa addition,
the Prince, outlining Ausirian pro
gram in the Austro-Germar conflict,
demanded that Hitler never place
non-Austrians in power in Austria
and claimed that Nazis were gener
ally unreliable and dishonorable.
Recognition of Austria's sovereign
independence was demanded last
night by Chancellor Hitler by Prince
Ernst von Starhember, head of
semi-Fascist Heimwehr. fa addition,
the Prince, outlining Ausirian pro
gram in the Austro-Germar conflict,
demanded that Hitler never place
non-Austrians in power in Austria
and claimed that Nazis were gener
ally unreliable and dishonorable.
Recognition of Austria's sovereign
independence was demanded last
night by Chancellor Hitler by Prince
Ernst von Starhember, head of
semi-Fascist Heimwehr. fa addition,
the Prince, outlining Ausirian pro
gram in the Austro-Germar conflict,
demanded that Hitler never place
non-Austrians in power in Austria
and claimed that Nazis were gener
ally unreliable and dishonorable.
