# OLD PALSY-WALSY
## 
### 
Anita Loos, aunt of Stanford's
Mary Anita Loos, who lias now en
tered the movies, came cut with a
counter attack to Hendrick Van
Loon's criticism of Hoik wood re
cently, calling him her "Old Iligh
[ brow Pulsy-wahy."
Anita Loos, aunt of Stanford's
Mary Anita Loos, who lias now en
tered the movies, came cut with a
counter attack to Hendrick Van
Loon's criticism of Hoik wood re
cently, calling him her "Old Iligh
[ brow Pulsy-wahy."
Anita Loos, aunt of Stanford's
Mary Anita Loos, who lias now en
tered the movies, came cut with a
counter attack to Hendrick Van
Loon's criticism of Hoik wood re
cently, calling him her "Old Iligh
[ brow Pulsy-wahy."
Anita Loos, aunt of Stanford's
Mary Anita Loos, who lias now en
tered the movies, came cut with a
counter attack to Hendrick Van
Loon's criticism of Hoik wood re
cently, calling him her "Old Iligh
[ brow Pulsy-wahy."
Anita Loos, aunt of Stanford's
Mary Anita Loos, who lias now en
tered the movies, came cut with a
counter attack to Hendrick Van
Loon's criticism of Hoik wood re
cently, calling him her "Old Iligh
[ brow Pulsy-wahy."
Anita Loos, aunt of Stanford's
Mary Anita Loos, who lias now en
tered the movies, came cut with a
counter attack to Hendrick Van
Loon's criticism of Hoik wood re
cently, calling him her "Old Iligh
[ brow Pulsy-wahy."
Anita Loos, aunt of Stanford's
Mary Anita Loos, who lias now en
tered the movies, came cut with a
counter attack to Hendrick Van
Loon's criticism of Hoik wood re
cently, calling him her "Old Iligh
[ brow Pulsy-wahy."
Anita Loos, aunt of Stanford's
Mary Anita Loos, who lias now en
tered the movies, came cut with a
counter attack to Hendrick Van
Loon's criticism of Hoik wood re
cently, calling him her "Old Iligh
[ brow Pulsy-wahy."
Anita Loos, aunt of Stanford's
Mary Anita Loos, who lias now en
tered the movies, came cut with a
counter attack to Hendrick Van
Loon's criticism of Hoik wood re
cently, calling him her "Old Iligh
[ brow Pulsy-wahy."
Anita Loos, aunt of Stanford's
Mary Anita Loos, who lias now en
tered the movies, came cut with a
counter attack to Hendrick Van
Loon's criticism of Hoik wood re
cently, calling him her "Old Iligh
[ brow Pulsy-wahy."
Anita Loos, aunt of Stanford's
Mary Anita Loos, who lias now en
tered the movies, came cut with a
counter attack to Hendrick Van
Loon's criticism of Hoik wood re
cently, calling him her "Old Iligh
[ brow Pulsy-wahy."
Anita Loos, aunt of Stanford's
Mary Anita Loos, who lias now en
tered the movies, came cut with a
counter attack to Hendrick Van
Loon's criticism of Hoik wood re
cently, calling him her "Old Iligh
[ brow Pulsy-wahy."
Anita Loos, aunt of Stanford's
Mary Anita Loos, who lias now en
tered the movies, came cut with a
counter attack to Hendrick Van
Loon's criticism of Hoik wood re
cently, calling him her "Old Iligh
[ brow Pulsy-wahy."
Anita Loos, aunt of Stanford's
Mary Anita Loos, who lias now en
tered the movies, came cut with a
counter attack to Hendrick Van
Loon's criticism of Hoik wood re
cently, calling him her "Old Iligh
[ brow Pulsy-wahy."
Anita Loos, aunt of Stanford's
Mary Anita Loos, who lias now en
tered the movies, came cut with a
counter attack to Hendrick Van
Loon's criticism of Hoik wood re
cently, calling him her "Old Iligh
[ brow Pulsy-wahy."
