# San Jose To See Mrs. Crawley.
## 
### 
Next Saturday in the Redmond
Theater, San Jose, Constance Crawley
will present two plays: D'Annunzio's
"Gioconda" in the afternoon, and Os
car Wilde's "Duchess of Padua" in
the evening.
Next Saturday in the Redmond
Theater, San Jose, Constance Crawley
will present two plays: D'Annunzio's
"Gioconda" in the afternoon, and Os
car Wilde's "Duchess of Padua" in
the evening.
Next Saturday in the Redmond
Theater, San Jose, Constance Crawley
will present two plays: D'Annunzio's
"Gioconda" in the afternoon, and Os
car Wilde's "Duchess of Padua" in
the evening.
Next Saturday in the Redmond
Theater, San Jose, Constance Crawley
will present two plays: D'Annunzio's
"Gioconda" in the afternoon, and Os
car Wilde's "Duchess of Padua" in
the evening.
Next Saturday in the Redmond
Theater, San Jose, Constance Crawley
will present two plays: D'Annunzio's
"Gioconda" in the afternoon, and Os
car Wilde's "Duchess of Padua" in
the evening.
Next Saturday in the Redmond
Theater, San Jose, Constance Crawley
will present two plays: D'Annunzio's
"Gioconda" in the afternoon, and Os
car Wilde's "Duchess of Padua" in
the evening.
Next Saturday in the Redmond
Theater, San Jose, Constance Crawley
will present two plays: D'Annunzio's
"Gioconda" in the afternoon, and Os
car Wilde's "Duchess of Padua" in
the evening.
Next Saturday in the Redmond
Theater, San Jose, Constance Crawley
will present two plays: D'Annunzio's
"Gioconda" in the afternoon, and Os
car Wilde's "Duchess of Padua" in
the evening.
Next Saturday in the Redmond
Theater, San Jose, Constance Crawley
will present two plays: D'Annunzio's
"Gioconda" in the afternoon, and Os
car Wilde's "Duchess of Padua" in
the evening.
