# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
ll World Over
i HofmArv $m
HI I JEUIELEPv 112
For that
NEW
LOOK
ALBERT'S
BEAUTY
SALON
2029 EL CAMINO REAL
Palo Alto DA 2-2882
11 1 ——————
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you havo it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
ll World Over
i HofmArv $m
HI I JEUIELEPv 112
For that
NEW
LOOK
ALBERT'S
BEAUTY
SALON
2029 EL CAMINO REAL
Palo Alto DA 2-2882
11 1 ——————
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you havo it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
ll World Over
i HofmArv $m
HI I JEUIELEPv 112
For that
NEW
LOOK
ALBERT'S
BEAUTY
SALON
2029 EL CAMINO REAL
Palo Alto DA 2-2882
11 1 ——————
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you havo it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
ll World Over
i HofmArv $m
HI I JEUIELEPv 112
For that
NEW
LOOK
ALBERT'S
BEAUTY
SALON
2029 EL CAMINO REAL
Palo Alto DA 2-2882
11 1 ——————
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you havo it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
ll World Over
i HofmArv $m
HI I JEUIELEPv 112
For that
NEW
LOOK
ALBERT'S
BEAUTY
SALON
2029 EL CAMINO REAL
Palo Alto DA 2-2882
11 1 ——————
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you havo it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
ll World Over
i HofmArv $m
HI I JEUIELEPv 112
For that
NEW
LOOK
ALBERT'S
BEAUTY
SALON
2029 EL CAMINO REAL
Palo Alto DA 2-2882
11 1 ——————
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you havo it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
ll World Over
i HofmArv $m
HI I JEUIELEPv 112
For that
NEW
LOOK
ALBERT'S
BEAUTY
SALON
2029 EL CAMINO REAL
Palo Alto DA 2-2882
11 1 ——————
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you havo it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
ll World Over
i HofmArv $m
HI I JEUIELEPv 112
For that
NEW
LOOK
ALBERT'S
BEAUTY
SALON
2029 EL CAMINO REAL
Palo Alto DA 2-2882
11 1 ——————
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you havo it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
ll World Over
i HofmArv $m
HI I JEUIELEPv 112
For that
NEW
LOOK
ALBERT'S
BEAUTY
SALON
2029 EL CAMINO REAL
Palo Alto DA 2-2882
11 1 ——————
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you havo it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
ll World Over
i HofmArv $m
HI I JEUIELEPv 112
For that
NEW
LOOK
ALBERT'S
BEAUTY
SALON
2029 EL CAMINO REAL
Palo Alto DA 2-2882
11 1 ——————
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you havo it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
ll World Over
i HofmArv $m
HI I JEUIELEPv 112
For that
NEW
LOOK
ALBERT'S
BEAUTY
SALON
2029 EL CAMINO REAL
Palo Alto DA 2-2882
11 1 ——————
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you havo it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
ll World Over
i HofmArv $m
HI I JEUIELEPv 112
For that
NEW
LOOK
ALBERT'S
BEAUTY
SALON
2029 EL CAMINO REAL
Palo Alto DA 2-2882
11 1 ——————
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you havo it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
ll World Over
i HofmArv $m
HI I JEUIELEPv 112
For that
NEW
LOOK
ALBERT'S
BEAUTY
SALON
2029 EL CAMINO REAL
Palo Alto DA 2-2882
11 1 ——————
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you havo it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
ll World Over
i HofmArv $m
HI I JEUIELEPv 112
For that
NEW
LOOK
ALBERT'S
BEAUTY
SALON
2029 EL CAMINO REAL
Palo Alto DA 2-2882
11 1 ——————
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you havo it
serviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•t
Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
