# Prof Reports Turks Friendly
## 
### 
Economics Professor Hollis B.
Chenery, just returned from a six
month visit to Turkey, reported that
the people of Turkey arc friendly
toward the United States and eager
to learn American methods.
Chenery served as consultant on
investment to the U.S. Foreign Op
erations Administration in Turkey.
As a specialist in problems of eco
nomic development, Professor Che
nery studied aspects of Turkey's
rapid modernization. "The United
States aid program for Turkey has
been most successful," he reported.
Turkey is one of the few countries
still receiving considerable assist
ance.
In 1949, Chenery served as econo
mist with the Marshall Plan Euro
pean headquarters in Paris, and
until 1952, when he came to Stan
ford, he worked with the Program
Division of the Mutual Security
Agency in Italy.
