# Professors Win National Recognition
## 
### 
Four Stanford professors have re- !
eeived national recognition in their
fields during the past weeks.
Professor Lawrence G. Thomas,
teacher of vocational trends, was
ciected a delegate from Stanford to
the Industrial Council, a national
forum of educators and industrial- ]
ists. The conference will be held at
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in
Troy, New York, on May 14 and 15.
The session will .study the economic
and social role of the automotive in
dustry and its meaning for the na
tional and international scene.
Professor Hubert C. Heffner, ex
eeutive head of the Speech and Dra
ma Department, has accepted an ap
pointment as lecturer in drama at
the University of Bristol for the
coming school year. He is the first
American professor to be appointed
to a drama lectureship at a Euro
pean university.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, exec
utive head of the Stanford Depart
ment of Sociology and Anthropol- j
ogy, was in New York presiding
over two societies which met as part
of Columbia University's bicenten
nial celebration.
Professor Keesing is president of
the Society for Applied Anthropol
ogy, and of the Far Eastern Asso
ciation.
Professor Thomas C. Smith of the
History Department, acting editor
of the Far Eastern Quarterly, also I
attended the association meeting.
Four Stanford professors have re- !
eeived national recognition in their
fields during the past weeks.
Professor Lawrence G. Thomas,
teacher of vocational trends, was
ciected a delegate from Stanford to
the Industrial Council, a national
forum of educators and industrial- ]
ists. The conference will be held at
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in
Troy, New York, on May 14 and 15.
The session will .study the economic
and social role of the automotive in
dustry and its meaning for the na
tional and international scene.
Professor Hubert C. Heffner, ex
eeutive head of the Speech and Dra
ma Department, has accepted an ap
pointment as lecturer in drama at
the University of Bristol for the
coming school year. He is the first
American professor to be appointed
to a drama lectureship at a Euro
pean university.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, exec
utive head of the Stanford Depart
ment of Sociology and Anthropol- j
ogy, was in New York presiding
over two societies which met as part
of Columbia University's bicenten
nial celebration.
Professor Keesing is president of
the Society for Applied Anthropol
ogy, and of the Far Eastern Asso
ciation.
Professor Thomas C. Smith of the
History Department, acting editor
of the Far Eastern Quarterly, also I
attended the association meeting.
Four Stanford professors have re- !
eeived national recognition in their
fields during the past weeks.
Professor Lawrence G. Thomas,
teacher of vocational trends, was
ciected a delegate from Stanford to
the Industrial Council, a national
forum of educators and industrial- ]
ists. The conference will be held at
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in
Troy, New York, on May 14 and 15.
The session will .study the economic
and social role of the automotive in
dustry and its meaning for the na
tional and international scene.
Professor Hubert C. Heffner, ex
eeutive head of the Speech and Dra
ma Department, has accepted an ap
pointment as lecturer in drama at
the University of Bristol for the
coming school year. He is the first
American professor to be appointed
to a drama lectureship at a Euro
pean university.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, exec
utive head of the Stanford Depart
ment of Sociology and Anthropol- j
ogy, was in New York presiding
over two societies which met as part
of Columbia University's bicenten
nial celebration.
Professor Keesing is president of
the Society for Applied Anthropol
ogy, and of the Far Eastern Asso
ciation.
Professor Thomas C. Smith of the
History Department, acting editor
of the Far Eastern Quarterly, also I
attended the association meeting.
Four Stanford professors have re- !
eeived national recognition in their
fields during the past weeks.
Professor Lawrence G. Thomas,
teacher of vocational trends, was
ciected a delegate from Stanford to
the Industrial Council, a national
forum of educators and industrial- ]
ists. The conference will be held at
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in
Troy, New York, on May 14 and 15.
The session will .study the economic
and social role of the automotive in
dustry and its meaning for the na
tional and international scene.
Professor Hubert C. Heffner, ex
eeutive head of the Speech and Dra
ma Department, has accepted an ap
pointment as lecturer in drama at
the University of Bristol for the
coming school year. He is the first
American professor to be appointed
to a drama lectureship at a Euro
pean university.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, exec
utive head of the Stanford Depart
ment of Sociology and Anthropol- j
ogy, was in New York presiding
over two societies which met as part
of Columbia University's bicenten
nial celebration.
Professor Keesing is president of
the Society for Applied Anthropol
ogy, and of the Far Eastern Asso
ciation.
Professor Thomas C. Smith of the
History Department, acting editor
of the Far Eastern Quarterly, also I
attended the association meeting.
Four Stanford professors have re- !
eeived national recognition in their
fields during the past weeks.
Professor Lawrence G. Thomas,
teacher of vocational trends, was
ciected a delegate from Stanford to
the Industrial Council, a national
forum of educators and industrial- ]
ists. The conference will be held at
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in
Troy, New York, on May 14 and 15.
The session will .study the economic
and social role of the automotive in
dustry and its meaning for the na
tional and international scene.
Professor Hubert C. Heffner, ex
eeutive head of the Speech and Dra
ma Department, has accepted an ap
pointment as lecturer in drama at
the University of Bristol for the
coming school year. He is the first
American professor to be appointed
to a drama lectureship at a Euro
pean university.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, exec
utive head of the Stanford Depart
ment of Sociology and Anthropol- j
ogy, was in New York presiding
over two societies which met as part
of Columbia University's bicenten
nial celebration.
Professor Keesing is president of
the Society for Applied Anthropol
ogy, and of the Far Eastern Asso
ciation.
Professor Thomas C. Smith of the
History Department, acting editor
of the Far Eastern Quarterly, also I
attended the association meeting.
Four Stanford professors have re- !
eeived national recognition in their
fields during the past weeks.
Professor Lawrence G. Thomas,
teacher of vocational trends, was
ciected a delegate from Stanford to
the Industrial Council, a national
forum of educators and industrial- ]
ists. The conference will be held at
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in
Troy, New York, on May 14 and 15.
The session will .study the economic
and social role of the automotive in
dustry and its meaning for the na
tional and international scene.
Professor Hubert C. Heffner, ex
eeutive head of the Speech and Dra
ma Department, has accepted an ap
pointment as lecturer in drama at
the University of Bristol for the
coming school year. He is the first
American professor to be appointed
to a drama lectureship at a Euro
pean university.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, exec
utive head of the Stanford Depart
ment of Sociology and Anthropol- j
ogy, was in New York presiding
over two societies which met as part
of Columbia University's bicenten
nial celebration.
Professor Keesing is president of
the Society for Applied Anthropol
ogy, and of the Far Eastern Asso
ciation.
Professor Thomas C. Smith of the
History Department, acting editor
of the Far Eastern Quarterly, also I
attended the association meeting.
Four Stanford professors have re- !
eeived national recognition in their
fields during the past weeks.
Professor Lawrence G. Thomas,
teacher of vocational trends, was
ciected a delegate from Stanford to
the Industrial Council, a national
forum of educators and industrial- ]
ists. The conference will be held at
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in
Troy, New York, on May 14 and 15.
The session will .study the economic
and social role of the automotive in
dustry and its meaning for the na
tional and international scene.
Professor Hubert C. Heffner, ex
eeutive head of the Speech and Dra
ma Department, has accepted an ap
pointment as lecturer in drama at
the University of Bristol for the
coming school year. He is the first
American professor to be appointed
to a drama lectureship at a Euro
pean university.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, exec
utive head of the Stanford Depart
ment of Sociology and Anthropol- j
ogy, was in New York presiding
over two societies which met as part
of Columbia University's bicenten
nial celebration.
Professor Keesing is president of
the Society for Applied Anthropol
ogy, and of the Far Eastern Asso
ciation.
Professor Thomas C. Smith of the
History Department, acting editor
of the Far Eastern Quarterly, also I
attended the association meeting.
Four Stanford professors have re- !
eeived national recognition in their
fields during the past weeks.
Professor Lawrence G. Thomas,
teacher of vocational trends, was
ciected a delegate from Stanford to
the Industrial Council, a national
forum of educators and industrial- ]
ists. The conference will be held at
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in
Troy, New York, on May 14 and 15.
The session will .study the economic
and social role of the automotive in
dustry and its meaning for the na
tional and international scene.
Professor Hubert C. Heffner, ex
eeutive head of the Speech and Dra
ma Department, has accepted an ap
pointment as lecturer in drama at
the University of Bristol for the
coming school year. He is the first
American professor to be appointed
to a drama lectureship at a Euro
pean university.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, exec
utive head of the Stanford Depart
ment of Sociology and Anthropol- j
ogy, was in New York presiding
over two societies which met as part
of Columbia University's bicenten
nial celebration.
Professor Keesing is president of
the Society for Applied Anthropol
ogy, and of the Far Eastern Asso
ciation.
Professor Thomas C. Smith of the
History Department, acting editor
of the Far Eastern Quarterly, also I
attended the association meeting.
Four Stanford professors have re- !
eeived national recognition in their
fields during the past weeks.
Professor Lawrence G. Thomas,
teacher of vocational trends, was
ciected a delegate from Stanford to
the Industrial Council, a national
forum of educators and industrial- ]
ists. The conference will be held at
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in
Troy, New York, on May 14 and 15.
The session will .study the economic
and social role of the automotive in
dustry and its meaning for the na
tional and international scene.
Professor Hubert C. Heffner, ex
eeutive head of the Speech and Dra
ma Department, has accepted an ap
pointment as lecturer in drama at
the University of Bristol for the
coming school year. He is the first
American professor to be appointed
to a drama lectureship at a Euro
pean university.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, exec
utive head of the Stanford Depart
ment of Sociology and Anthropol- j
ogy, was in New York presiding
over two societies which met as part
of Columbia University's bicenten
nial celebration.
Professor Keesing is president of
the Society for Applied Anthropol
ogy, and of the Far Eastern Asso
ciation.
Professor Thomas C. Smith of the
History Department, acting editor
of the Far Eastern Quarterly, also I
attended the association meeting.
Four Stanford professors have re- !
eeived national recognition in their
fields during the past weeks.
Professor Lawrence G. Thomas,
teacher of vocational trends, was
ciected a delegate from Stanford to
the Industrial Council, a national
forum of educators and industrial- ]
ists. The conference will be held at
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in
Troy, New York, on May 14 and 15.
The session will .study the economic
and social role of the automotive in
dustry and its meaning for the na
tional and international scene.
Professor Hubert C. Heffner, ex
eeutive head of the Speech and Dra
ma Department, has accepted an ap
pointment as lecturer in drama at
the University of Bristol for the
coming school year. He is the first
American professor to be appointed
to a drama lectureship at a Euro
pean university.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, exec
utive head of the Stanford Depart
ment of Sociology and Anthropol- j
ogy, was in New York presiding
over two societies which met as part
of Columbia University's bicenten
nial celebration.
Professor Keesing is president of
the Society for Applied Anthropol
ogy, and of the Far Eastern Asso
ciation.
Professor Thomas C. Smith of the
History Department, acting editor
of the Far Eastern Quarterly, also I
attended the association meeting.
Four Stanford professors have re- !
eeived national recognition in their
fields during the past weeks.
Professor Lawrence G. Thomas,
teacher of vocational trends, was
ciected a delegate from Stanford to
the Industrial Council, a national
forum of educators and industrial- ]
ists. The conference will be held at
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in
Troy, New York, on May 14 and 15.
The session will .study the economic
and social role of the automotive in
dustry and its meaning for the na
tional and international scene.
Professor Hubert C. Heffner, ex
eeutive head of the Speech and Dra
ma Department, has accepted an ap
pointment as lecturer in drama at
the University of Bristol for the
coming school year. He is the first
American professor to be appointed
to a drama lectureship at a Euro
pean university.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, exec
utive head of the Stanford Depart
ment of Sociology and Anthropol- j
ogy, was in New York presiding
over two societies which met as part
of Columbia University's bicenten
nial celebration.
Professor Keesing is president of
the Society for Applied Anthropol
ogy, and of the Far Eastern Asso
ciation.
Professor Thomas C. Smith of the
History Department, acting editor
of the Far Eastern Quarterly, also I
attended the association meeting.
Four Stanford professors have re- !
eeived national recognition in their
fields during the past weeks.
Professor Lawrence G. Thomas,
teacher of vocational trends, was
ciected a delegate from Stanford to
the Industrial Council, a national
forum of educators and industrial- ]
ists. The conference will be held at
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in
Troy, New York, on May 14 and 15.
The session will .study the economic
and social role of the automotive in
dustry and its meaning for the na
tional and international scene.
Professor Hubert C. Heffner, ex
eeutive head of the Speech and Dra
ma Department, has accepted an ap
pointment as lecturer in drama at
the University of Bristol for the
coming school year. He is the first
American professor to be appointed
to a drama lectureship at a Euro
pean university.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, exec
utive head of the Stanford Depart
ment of Sociology and Anthropol- j
ogy, was in New York presiding
over two societies which met as part
of Columbia University's bicenten
nial celebration.
Professor Keesing is president of
the Society for Applied Anthropol
ogy, and of the Far Eastern Asso
ciation.
Professor Thomas C. Smith of the
History Department, acting editor
of the Far Eastern Quarterly, also I
attended the association meeting.
Four Stanford professors have re- !
eeived national recognition in their
fields during the past weeks.
Professor Lawrence G. Thomas,
teacher of vocational trends, was
ciected a delegate from Stanford to
the Industrial Council, a national
forum of educators and industrial- ]
ists. The conference will be held at
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in
Troy, New York, on May 14 and 15.
The session will .study the economic
and social role of the automotive in
dustry and its meaning for the na
tional and international scene.
Professor Hubert C. Heffner, ex
eeutive head of the Speech and Dra
ma Department, has accepted an ap
pointment as lecturer in drama at
the University of Bristol for the
coming school year. He is the first
American professor to be appointed
to a drama lectureship at a Euro
pean university.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, exec
utive head of the Stanford Depart
ment of Sociology and Anthropol- j
ogy, was in New York presiding
over two societies which met as part
of Columbia University's bicenten
nial celebration.
Professor Keesing is president of
the Society for Applied Anthropol
ogy, and of the Far Eastern Asso
ciation.
Professor Thomas C. Smith of the
History Department, acting editor
of the Far Eastern Quarterly, also I
attended the association meeting.
Four Stanford professors have re- !
eeived national recognition in their
fields during the past weeks.
Professor Lawrence G. Thomas,
teacher of vocational trends, was
ciected a delegate from Stanford to
the Industrial Council, a national
forum of educators and industrial- ]
ists. The conference will be held at
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in
Troy, New York, on May 14 and 15.
The session will .study the economic
and social role of the automotive in
dustry and its meaning for the na
tional and international scene.
Professor Hubert C. Heffner, ex
eeutive head of the Speech and Dra
ma Department, has accepted an ap
pointment as lecturer in drama at
the University of Bristol for the
coming school year. He is the first
American professor to be appointed
to a drama lectureship at a Euro
pean university.
Professor Felix M. Keesing, exec
utive head of the Stanford Depart
ment of Sociology and Anthropol- j
ogy, was in New York presiding
over two societies which met as part
of Columbia University's bicenten
nial celebration.
Professor Keesing is president of
the Society for Applied Anthropol
ogy, and of the Far Eastern Asso
ciation.
Professor Thomas C. Smith of the
History Department, acting editor
of the Far Eastern Quarterly, also I
attended the association meeting.
