# Untitled Article
## 
### 

HANK RIGGS inspects a diamond
with Glciin's Dianiondseopc, rcc
omtnended for your protection hy
the American Gem Society. The
Diamoudscope's penetrating light
takes you right into the heart of
tlie diamond and takes the guess
work out of diamond evaluation.
GLKIM'S JEWELERS
University Avenue, Palo Alto

HANK RIGGS inspects a diamond
with Glciin's Dianiondseopc, rcc
omtnended for your protection hy
the American Gem Society. The
Diamoudscope's penetrating light
takes you right into the heart of
tlie diamond and takes the guess
work out of diamond evaluation.
GLKIM'S JEWELERS
University Avenue, Palo Alto

HANK RIGGS inspects a diamond
with Glciin's Dianiondseopc, rcc
omtnended for your protection hy
the American Gem Society. The
Diamoudscope's penetrating light
takes you right into the heart of
tlie diamond and takes the guess
work out of diamond evaluation.
GLKIM'S JEWELERS
University Avenue, Palo Alto

HANK RIGGS inspects a diamond
with Glciin's Dianiondseopc, rcc
omtnended for your protection hy
the American Gem Society. The
Diamoudscope's penetrating light
takes you right into the heart of
tlie diamond and takes the guess
work out of diamond evaluation.
GLKIM'S JEWELERS
University Avenue, Palo Alto

HANK RIGGS inspects a diamond
with Glciin's Dianiondseopc, rcc
omtnended for your protection hy
the American Gem Society. The
Diamoudscope's penetrating light
takes you right into the heart of
tlie diamond and takes the guess
work out of diamond evaluation.
GLKIM'S JEWELERS
University Avenue, Palo Alto

HANK RIGGS inspects a diamond
with Glciin's Dianiondseopc, rcc
omtnended for your protection hy
the American Gem Society. The
Diamoudscope's penetrating light
takes you right into the heart of
tlie diamond and takes the guess
work out of diamond evaluation.
GLKIM'S JEWELERS
University Avenue, Palo Alto

HANK RIGGS inspects a diamond
with Glciin's Dianiondseopc, rcc
omtnended for your protection hy
the American Gem Society. The
Diamoudscope's penetrating light
takes you right into the heart of
tlie diamond and takes the guess
work out of diamond evaluation.
GLKIM'S JEWELERS
University Avenue, Palo Alto

HANK RIGGS inspects a diamond
with Glciin's Dianiondseopc, rcc
omtnended for your protection hy
the American Gem Society. The
Diamoudscope's penetrating light
takes you right into the heart of
tlie diamond and takes the guess
work out of diamond evaluation.
GLKIM'S JEWELERS
University Avenue, Palo Alto

HANK RIGGS inspects a diamond
with Glciin's Dianiondseopc, rcc
omtnended for your protection hy
the American Gem Society. The
Diamoudscope's penetrating light
takes you right into the heart of
tlie diamond and takes the guess
work out of diamond evaluation.
GLKIM'S JEWELERS
University Avenue, Palo Alto

HANK RIGGS inspects a diamond
with Glciin's Dianiondseopc, rcc
omtnended for your protection hy
the American Gem Society. The
Diamoudscope's penetrating light
takes you right into the heart of
tlie diamond and takes the guess
work out of diamond evaluation.
GLKIM'S JEWELERS
University Avenue, Palo Alto

HANK RIGGS inspects a diamond
with Glciin's Dianiondseopc, rcc
omtnended for your protection hy
the American Gem Society. The
Diamoudscope's penetrating light
takes you right into the heart of
tlie diamond and takes the guess
work out of diamond evaluation.
GLKIM'S JEWELERS
University Avenue, Palo Alto

HANK RIGGS inspects a diamond
with Glciin's Dianiondseopc, rcc
omtnended for your protection hy
the American Gem Society. The
Diamoudscope's penetrating light
takes you right into the heart of
tlie diamond and takes the guess
work out of diamond evaluation.
GLKIM'S JEWELERS
University Avenue, Palo Alto

HANK RIGGS inspects a diamond
with Glciin's Dianiondseopc, rcc
omtnended for your protection hy
the American Gem Society. The
Diamoudscope's penetrating light
takes you right into the heart of
tlie diamond and takes the guess
work out of diamond evaluation.
GLKIM'S JEWELERS
University Avenue, Palo Alto

HANK RIGGS inspects a diamond
with Glciin's Dianiondseopc, rcc
omtnended for your protection hy
the American Gem Society. The
Diamoudscope's penetrating light
takes you right into the heart of
tlie diamond and takes the guess
work out of diamond evaluation.
GLKIM'S JEWELERS
University Avenue, Palo Alto
