# HITLER AIDE
## 
### 
Joseph Goebocls, chief of pro
paganda under the Hitler regime,
announces that his department
will launch "sharp counteractive
measures" against those respon
sible for reports of atrocities
against German Jews.

Joseph Goebocls, chief of pro
paganda under the Hitler regime,
announces that his department
will launch "sharp counteractive
measures" against those respon
sible for reports of atrocities
against German Jews.

Joseph Goebocls, chief of pro
paganda under the Hitler regime,
announces that his department
will launch "sharp counteractive
measures" against those respon
sible for reports of atrocities
against German Jews.

Joseph Goebocls, chief of pro
paganda under the Hitler regime,
announces that his department
will launch "sharp counteractive
measures" against those respon
sible for reports of atrocities
against German Jews.

Joseph Goebocls, chief of pro
paganda under the Hitler regime,
announces that his department
will launch "sharp counteractive
measures" against those respon
sible for reports of atrocities
against German Jews.

Joseph Goebocls, chief of pro
paganda under the Hitler regime,
announces that his department
will launch "sharp counteractive
measures" against those respon
sible for reports of atrocities
against German Jews.

Joseph Goebocls, chief of pro
paganda under the Hitler regime,
announces that his department
will launch "sharp counteractive
measures" against those respon
sible for reports of atrocities
against German Jews.

Joseph Goebocls, chief of pro
paganda under the Hitler regime,
announces that his department
will launch "sharp counteractive
measures" against those respon
sible for reports of atrocities
against German Jews.

Joseph Goebocls, chief of pro
paganda under the Hitler regime,
announces that his department
will launch "sharp counteractive
measures" against those respon
sible for reports of atrocities
against German Jews.

Joseph Goebocls, chief of pro
paganda under the Hitler regime,
announces that his department
will launch "sharp counteractive
measures" against those respon
sible for reports of atrocities
against German Jews.

Joseph Goebocls, chief of pro
paganda under the Hitler regime,
announces that his department
will launch "sharp counteractive
measures" against those respon
sible for reports of atrocities
against German Jews.

Joseph Goebocls, chief of pro
paganda under the Hitler regime,
announces that his department
will launch "sharp counteractive
measures" against those respon
sible for reports of atrocities
against German Jews.

Joseph Goebocls, chief of pro
paganda under the Hitler regime,
announces that his department
will launch "sharp counteractive
measures" against those respon
sible for reports of atrocities
against German Jews.

Joseph Goebocls, chief of pro
paganda under the Hitler regime,
announces that his department
will launch "sharp counteractive
measures" against those respon
sible for reports of atrocities
against German Jews.

