# LITERARY AUTHORITY
## Dr. Merrel D. Clubb Joins Faculty In Autumn 
### 
Dr. Merrel D. Clubb, authority on
medieval literature, who was a visit
ing member of the English faculty
in the summer quarter of 1931, will
return to Stanford next year, begin
ning his duties in the autumn quar
ter, President Wilbur announced
yesterday.
His membership in the faculty v/ill
bring it up to its regular strength
in numbers during the absence of
Dr. Frances Theresa Russell, who
will be absent for a year on sab
batical leave beginning in January.
Dr. Clubb, a graduate of Pomona
College with a doctor's degree from
Yale, has been professor of English
in Texas Christian University since
1929. His special field is the ro
mances, lyrics, legends, and other
literary productions of medieval
Europe, particularly the works in
Twiddle English. Among other schol
arly works, he has written a book
on "Christ an dSatan," an old Eng
lish poem.

Dr. Merrel D. Clubb, authority on
medieval literature, who was a visit
ing member of the English faculty
in the summer quarter of 1931, will
return to Stanford next year, begin
ning his duties in the autumn quar
ter, President Wilbur announced
yesterday.
His membership in the faculty v/ill
bring it up to its regular strength
in numbers during the absence of
Dr. Frances Theresa Russell, who
will be absent for a year on sab
batical leave beginning in January.
Dr. Clubb, a graduate of Pomona
College with a doctor's degree from
Yale, has been professor of English
in Texas Christian University since
1929. His special field is the ro
mances, lyrics, legends, and other
literary productions of medieval
Europe, particularly the works in
Twiddle English. Among other schol
arly works, he has written a book
on "Christ an dSatan," an old Eng
lish poem.

Dr. Merrel D. Clubb, authority on
medieval literature, who was a visit
ing member of the English faculty
in the summer quarter of 1931, will
return to Stanford next year, begin
ning his duties in the autumn quar
ter, President Wilbur announced
yesterday.
His membership in the faculty v/ill
bring it up to its regular strength
in numbers during the absence of
Dr. Frances Theresa Russell, who
will be absent for a year on sab
batical leave beginning in January.
Dr. Clubb, a graduate of Pomona
College with a doctor's degree from
Yale, has been professor of English
in Texas Christian University since
1929. His special field is the ro
mances, lyrics, legends, and other
literary productions of medieval
Europe, particularly the works in
Twiddle English. Among other schol
arly works, he has written a book
on "Christ an dSatan," an old Eng
lish poem.

Dr. Merrel D. Clubb, authority on
medieval literature, who was a visit
ing member of the English faculty
in the summer quarter of 1931, will
return to Stanford next year, begin
ning his duties in the autumn quar
ter, President Wilbur announced
yesterday.
His membership in the faculty v/ill
bring it up to its regular strength
in numbers during the absence of
Dr. Frances Theresa Russell, who
will be absent for a year on sab
batical leave beginning in January.
Dr. Clubb, a graduate of Pomona
College with a doctor's degree from
Yale, has been professor of English
in Texas Christian University since
1929. His special field is the ro
mances, lyrics, legends, and other
literary productions of medieval
Europe, particularly the works in
Twiddle English. Among other schol
arly works, he has written a book
on "Christ an dSatan," an old Eng
lish poem.

Dr. Merrel D. Clubb, authority on
medieval literature, who was a visit
ing member of the English faculty
in the summer quarter of 1931, will
return to Stanford next year, begin
ning his duties in the autumn quar
ter, President Wilbur announced
yesterday.
His membership in the faculty v/ill
bring it up to its regular strength
in numbers during the absence of
Dr. Frances Theresa Russell, who
will be absent for a year on sab
batical leave beginning in January.
Dr. Clubb, a graduate of Pomona
College with a doctor's degree from
Yale, has been professor of English
in Texas Christian University since
1929. His special field is the ro
mances, lyrics, legends, and other
literary productions of medieval
Europe, particularly the works in
Twiddle English. Among other schol
arly works, he has written a book
on "Christ an dSatan," an old Eng
lish poem.

Dr. Merrel D. Clubb, authority on
medieval literature, who was a visit
ing member of the English faculty
in the summer quarter of 1931, will
return to Stanford next year, begin
ning his duties in the autumn quar
ter, President Wilbur announced
yesterday.
His membership in the faculty v/ill
bring it up to its regular strength
in numbers during the absence of
Dr. Frances Theresa Russell, who
will be absent for a year on sab
batical leave beginning in January.
Dr. Clubb, a graduate of Pomona
College with a doctor's degree from
Yale, has been professor of English
in Texas Christian University since
1929. His special field is the ro
mances, lyrics, legends, and other
literary productions of medieval
Europe, particularly the works in
Twiddle English. Among other schol
arly works, he has written a book
on "Christ an dSatan," an old Eng
lish poem.

Dr. Merrel D. Clubb, authority on
medieval literature, who was a visit
ing member of the English faculty
in the summer quarter of 1931, will
return to Stanford next year, begin
ning his duties in the autumn quar
ter, President Wilbur announced
yesterday.
His membership in the faculty v/ill
bring it up to its regular strength
in numbers during the absence of
Dr. Frances Theresa Russell, who
will be absent for a year on sab
batical leave beginning in January.
Dr. Clubb, a graduate of Pomona
College with a doctor's degree from
Yale, has been professor of English
in Texas Christian University since
1929. His special field is the ro
mances, lyrics, legends, and other
literary productions of medieval
Europe, particularly the works in
Twiddle English. Among other schol
arly works, he has written a book
on "Christ an dSatan," an old Eng
lish poem.

Dr. Merrel D. Clubb, authority on
medieval literature, who was a visit
ing member of the English faculty
in the summer quarter of 1931, will
return to Stanford next year, begin
ning his duties in the autumn quar
ter, President Wilbur announced
yesterday.
His membership in the faculty v/ill
bring it up to its regular strength
in numbers during the absence of
Dr. Frances Theresa Russell, who
will be absent for a year on sab
batical leave beginning in January.
Dr. Clubb, a graduate of Pomona
College with a doctor's degree from
Yale, has been professor of English
in Texas Christian University since
1929. His special field is the ro
mances, lyrics, legends, and other
literary productions of medieval
Europe, particularly the works in
Twiddle English. Among other schol
arly works, he has written a book
on "Christ an dSatan," an old Eng
lish poem.

Dr. Merrel D. Clubb, authority on
medieval literature, who was a visit
ing member of the English faculty
in the summer quarter of 1931, will
return to Stanford next year, begin
ning his duties in the autumn quar
ter, President Wilbur announced
yesterday.
His membership in the faculty v/ill
bring it up to its regular strength
in numbers during the absence of
Dr. Frances Theresa Russell, who
will be absent for a year on sab
batical leave beginning in January.
Dr. Clubb, a graduate of Pomona
College with a doctor's degree from
Yale, has been professor of English
in Texas Christian University since
1929. His special field is the ro
mances, lyrics, legends, and other
literary productions of medieval
Europe, particularly the works in
Twiddle English. Among other schol
arly works, he has written a book
on "Christ an dSatan," an old Eng
lish poem.

Dr. Merrel D. Clubb, authority on
medieval literature, who was a visit
ing member of the English faculty
in the summer quarter of 1931, will
return to Stanford next year, begin
ning his duties in the autumn quar
ter, President Wilbur announced
yesterday.
His membership in the faculty v/ill
bring it up to its regular strength
in numbers during the absence of
Dr. Frances Theresa Russell, who
will be absent for a year on sab
batical leave beginning in January.
Dr. Clubb, a graduate of Pomona
College with a doctor's degree from
Yale, has been professor of English
in Texas Christian University since
1929. His special field is the ro
mances, lyrics, legends, and other
literary productions of medieval
Europe, particularly the works in
Twiddle English. Among other schol
arly works, he has written a book
on "Christ an dSatan," an old Eng
lish poem.

Dr. Merrel D. Clubb, authority on
medieval literature, who was a visit
ing member of the English faculty
in the summer quarter of 1931, will
return to Stanford next year, begin
ning his duties in the autumn quar
ter, President Wilbur announced
yesterday.
His membership in the faculty v/ill
bring it up to its regular strength
in numbers during the absence of
Dr. Frances Theresa Russell, who
will be absent for a year on sab
batical leave beginning in January.
Dr. Clubb, a graduate of Pomona
College with a doctor's degree from
Yale, has been professor of English
in Texas Christian University since
1929. His special field is the ro
mances, lyrics, legends, and other
literary productions of medieval
Europe, particularly the works in
Twiddle English. Among other schol
arly works, he has written a book
on "Christ an dSatan," an old Eng
lish poem.

Dr. Merrel D. Clubb, authority on
medieval literature, who was a visit
ing member of the English faculty
in the summer quarter of 1931, will
return to Stanford next year, begin
ning his duties in the autumn quar
ter, President Wilbur announced
yesterday.
His membership in the faculty v/ill
bring it up to its regular strength
in numbers during the absence of
Dr. Frances Theresa Russell, who
will be absent for a year on sab
batical leave beginning in January.
Dr. Clubb, a graduate of Pomona
College with a doctor's degree from
Yale, has been professor of English
in Texas Christian University since
1929. His special field is the ro
mances, lyrics, legends, and other
literary productions of medieval
Europe, particularly the works in
Twiddle English. Among other schol
arly works, he has written a book
on "Christ an dSatan," an old Eng
lish poem.

Dr. Merrel D. Clubb, authority on
medieval literature, who was a visit
ing member of the English faculty
in the summer quarter of 1931, will
return to Stanford next year, begin
ning his duties in the autumn quar
ter, President Wilbur announced
yesterday.
His membership in the faculty v/ill
bring it up to its regular strength
in numbers during the absence of
Dr. Frances Theresa Russell, who
will be absent for a year on sab
batical leave beginning in January.
Dr. Clubb, a graduate of Pomona
College with a doctor's degree from
Yale, has been professor of English
in Texas Christian University since
1929. His special field is the ro
mances, lyrics, legends, and other
literary productions of medieval
Europe, particularly the works in
Twiddle English. Among other schol
arly works, he has written a book
on "Christ an dSatan," an old Eng
lish poem.

Dr. Merrel D. Clubb, authority on
medieval literature, who was a visit
ing member of the English faculty
in the summer quarter of 1931, will
return to Stanford next year, begin
ning his duties in the autumn quar
ter, President Wilbur announced
yesterday.
His membership in the faculty v/ill
bring it up to its regular strength
in numbers during the absence of
Dr. Frances Theresa Russell, who
will be absent for a year on sab
batical leave beginning in January.
Dr. Clubb, a graduate of Pomona
College with a doctor's degree from
Yale, has been professor of English
in Texas Christian University since
1929. His special field is the ro
mances, lyrics, legends, and other
literary productions of medieval
Europe, particularly the works in
Twiddle English. Among other schol
arly works, he has written a book
on "Christ an dSatan," an old Eng
lish poem.

