# Farley Approves Designs For New Stamp Issues
## 
### 
Designs for one- and three-cent
stamps to be issued to commemorate
the Chicago Century of Progress
Exposition have recently been ap
proved by the Postmaster^General.
Designs for one- and three-cent
stamps to be issued to commemorate
the Chicago Century of Progress
Exposition have recently been ap
proved by the Postmaster^General.
Designs for one- and three-cent
stamps to be issued to commemorate
the Chicago Century of Progress
Exposition have recently been ap
proved by the Postmaster^General.
Designs for one- and three-cent
stamps to be issued to commemorate
the Chicago Century of Progress
Exposition have recently been ap
proved by the Postmaster^General.
Designs for one- and three-cent
stamps to be issued to commemorate
the Chicago Century of Progress
Exposition have recently been ap
proved by the Postmaster^General.
Designs for one- and three-cent
stamps to be issued to commemorate
the Chicago Century of Progress
Exposition have recently been ap
proved by the Postmaster^General.
Designs for one- and three-cent
stamps to be issued to commemorate
the Chicago Century of Progress
Exposition have recently been ap
proved by the Postmaster^General.
Designs for one- and three-cent
stamps to be issued to commemorate
the Chicago Century of Progress
Exposition have recently been ap
proved by the Postmaster^General.
Designs for one- and three-cent
stamps to be issued to commemorate
the Chicago Century of Progress
Exposition have recently been ap
proved by the Postmaster^General.
Designs for one- and three-cent
stamps to be issued to commemorate
the Chicago Century of Progress
Exposition have recently been ap
proved by the Postmaster^General.
Designs for one- and three-cent
stamps to be issued to commemorate
the Chicago Century of Progress
Exposition have recently been ap
proved by the Postmaster^General.
Designs for one- and three-cent
stamps to be issued to commemorate
the Chicago Century of Progress
Exposition have recently been ap
proved by the Postmaster^General.
Designs for one- and three-cent
stamps to be issued to commemorate
the Chicago Century of Progress
Exposition have recently been ap
proved by the Postmaster^General.
Designs for one- and three-cent
stamps to be issued to commemorate
the Chicago Century of Progress
Exposition have recently been ap
proved by the Postmaster^General.
