# Grid trouble settled
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Trouble over asserted neglect of
East-West football players to seek
formal permisison of the National
Amateur Athletic Union to play in
the post-season charity game here
Now Year's Day appeared to be set
tled today.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Trouble over asserted neglect of
East-West football players to seek
formal permisison of the National
Amateur Athletic Union to play in
the post-season charity game here
Now Year's Day appeared to be set
tled today.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Trouble over asserted neglect of
East-West football players to seek
formal permisison of the National
Amateur Athletic Union to play in
the post-season charity game here
Now Year's Day appeared to be set
tled today.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Trouble over asserted neglect of
East-West football players to seek
formal permisison of the National
Amateur Athletic Union to play in
the post-season charity game here
Now Year's Day appeared to be set
tled today.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Trouble over asserted neglect of
East-West football players to seek
formal permisison of the National
Amateur Athletic Union to play in
the post-season charity game here
Now Year's Day appeared to be set
tled today.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Trouble over asserted neglect of
East-West football players to seek
formal permisison of the National
Amateur Athletic Union to play in
the post-season charity game here
Now Year's Day appeared to be set
tled today.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Trouble over asserted neglect of
East-West football players to seek
formal permisison of the National
Amateur Athletic Union to play in
the post-season charity game here
Now Year's Day appeared to be set
tled today.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Trouble over asserted neglect of
East-West football players to seek
formal permisison of the National
Amateur Athletic Union to play in
the post-season charity game here
Now Year's Day appeared to be set
tled today.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Trouble over asserted neglect of
East-West football players to seek
formal permisison of the National
Amateur Athletic Union to play in
the post-season charity game here
Now Year's Day appeared to be set
tled today.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Trouble over asserted neglect of
East-West football players to seek
formal permisison of the National
Amateur Athletic Union to play in
the post-season charity game here
Now Year's Day appeared to be set
tled today.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Trouble over asserted neglect of
East-West football players to seek
formal permisison of the National
Amateur Athletic Union to play in
the post-season charity game here
Now Year's Day appeared to be set
tled today.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Trouble over asserted neglect of
East-West football players to seek
formal permisison of the National
Amateur Athletic Union to play in
the post-season charity game here
Now Year's Day appeared to be set
tled today.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Trouble over asserted neglect of
East-West football players to seek
formal permisison of the National
Amateur Athletic Union to play in
the post-season charity game here
Now Year's Day appeared to be set
tled today.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Trouble over asserted neglect of
East-West football players to seek
formal permisison of the National
Amateur Athletic Union to play in
the post-season charity game here
Now Year's Day appeared to be set
tled today.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Trouble over asserted neglect of
East-West football players to seek
formal permisison of the National
Amateur Athletic Union to play in
the post-season charity game here
Now Year's Day appeared to be set
tled today.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Trouble over asserted neglect of
East-West football players to seek
formal permisison of the National
Amateur Athletic Union to play in
the post-season charity game here
Now Year's Day appeared to be set
tled today.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Trouble over asserted neglect of
East-West football players to seek
formal permisison of the National
Amateur Athletic Union to play in
the post-season charity game here
Now Year's Day appeared to be set
tled today.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 8 (UP).—
Trouble over asserted neglect of
East-West football players to seek
formal permisison of the National
Amateur Athletic Union to play in
the post-season charity game here
Now Year's Day appeared to be set
tled today.
