# NEW U. S. ENVOY TO FRANCE
## 
### 

REAR ADMIRAL William D. Leahy, left, appointed by President
Roosevelt to the ticklish post of U. S. Ambassador to unoccupied
France, has arrived at his new post. He is shown as he said goodby
to Under-Secretary of State Sumner Welles before hoarding the
cruiser that took him across the Atlantic.

REAR ADMIRAL William D. Leahy, left, appointed by President
Roosevelt to the ticklish post of U. S. Ambassador to unoccupied
France, has arrived at his new post. He is shown as he said goodby
to Under-Secretary of State Sumner Welles before hoarding the
cruiser that took him across the Atlantic.

REAR ADMIRAL William D. Leahy, left, appointed by President
Roosevelt to the ticklish post of U. S. Ambassador to unoccupied
France, has arrived at his new post. He is shown as he said goodby
to Under-Secretary of State Sumner Welles before hoarding the
cruiser that took him across the Atlantic.

REAR ADMIRAL William D. Leahy, left, appointed by President
Roosevelt to the ticklish post of U. S. Ambassador to unoccupied
France, has arrived at his new post. He is shown as he said goodby
to Under-Secretary of State Sumner Welles before hoarding the
cruiser that took him across the Atlantic.

REAR ADMIRAL William D. Leahy, left, appointed by President
Roosevelt to the ticklish post of U. S. Ambassador to unoccupied
France, has arrived at his new post. He is shown as he said goodby
to Under-Secretary of State Sumner Welles before hoarding the
cruiser that took him across the Atlantic.

REAR ADMIRAL William D. Leahy, left, appointed by President
Roosevelt to the ticklish post of U. S. Ambassador to unoccupied
France, has arrived at his new post. He is shown as he said goodby
to Under-Secretary of State Sumner Welles before hoarding the
cruiser that took him across the Atlantic.

REAR ADMIRAL William D. Leahy, left, appointed by President
Roosevelt to the ticklish post of U. S. Ambassador to unoccupied
France, has arrived at his new post. He is shown as he said goodby
to Under-Secretary of State Sumner Welles before hoarding the
cruiser that took him across the Atlantic.

REAR ADMIRAL William D. Leahy, left, appointed by President
Roosevelt to the ticklish post of U. S. Ambassador to unoccupied
France, has arrived at his new post. He is shown as he said goodby
to Under-Secretary of State Sumner Welles before hoarding the
cruiser that took him across the Atlantic.

REAR ADMIRAL William D. Leahy, left, appointed by President
Roosevelt to the ticklish post of U. S. Ambassador to unoccupied
France, has arrived at his new post. He is shown as he said goodby
to Under-Secretary of State Sumner Welles before hoarding the
cruiser that took him across the Atlantic.

REAR ADMIRAL William D. Leahy, left, appointed by President
Roosevelt to the ticklish post of U. S. Ambassador to unoccupied
France, has arrived at his new post. He is shown as he said goodby
to Under-Secretary of State Sumner Welles before hoarding the
cruiser that took him across the Atlantic.

REAR ADMIRAL William D. Leahy, left, appointed by President
Roosevelt to the ticklish post of U. S. Ambassador to unoccupied
France, has arrived at his new post. He is shown as he said goodby
to Under-Secretary of State Sumner Welles before hoarding the
cruiser that took him across the Atlantic.

REAR ADMIRAL William D. Leahy, left, appointed by President
Roosevelt to the ticklish post of U. S. Ambassador to unoccupied
France, has arrived at his new post. He is shown as he said goodby
to Under-Secretary of State Sumner Welles before hoarding the
cruiser that took him across the Atlantic.

REAR ADMIRAL William D. Leahy, left, appointed by President
Roosevelt to the ticklish post of U. S. Ambassador to unoccupied
France, has arrived at his new post. He is shown as he said goodby
to Under-Secretary of State Sumner Welles before hoarding the
cruiser that took him across the Atlantic.

REAR ADMIRAL William D. Leahy, left, appointed by President
Roosevelt to the ticklish post of U. S. Ambassador to unoccupied
France, has arrived at his new post. He is shown as he said goodby
to Under-Secretary of State Sumner Welles before hoarding the
cruiser that took him across the Atlantic.

REAR ADMIRAL William D. Leahy, left, appointed by President
Roosevelt to the ticklish post of U. S. Ambassador to unoccupied
France, has arrived at his new post. He is shown as he said goodby
to Under-Secretary of State Sumner Welles before hoarding the
cruiser that took him across the Atlantic.

REAR ADMIRAL William D. Leahy, left, appointed by President
Roosevelt to the ticklish post of U. S. Ambassador to unoccupied
France, has arrived at his new post. He is shown as he said goodby
to Under-Secretary of State Sumner Welles before hoarding the
cruiser that took him across the Atlantic.

REAR ADMIRAL William D. Leahy, left, appointed by President
Roosevelt to the ticklish post of U. S. Ambassador to unoccupied
France, has arrived at his new post. He is shown as he said goodby
to Under-Secretary of State Sumner Welles before hoarding the
cruiser that took him across the Atlantic.

REAR ADMIRAL William D. Leahy, left, appointed by President
Roosevelt to the ticklish post of U. S. Ambassador to unoccupied
France, has arrived at his new post. He is shown as he said goodby
to Under-Secretary of State Sumner Welles before hoarding the
cruiser that took him across the Atlantic.
