# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Heed, minister. The subject of the
sermon, Sunday, at 11 a.m., will he
"The Certainty of Victory." The text
will be from Jane Addams' book en
titled "Twenty Years at Hull House."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Heed, minister. The subject of the
sermon, Sunday, at 11 a.m., will he
"The Certainty of Victory." The text
will be from Jane Addams' book en
titled "Twenty Years at Hull House."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Heed, minister. The subject of the
sermon, Sunday, at 11 a.m., will he
"The Certainty of Victory." The text
will be from Jane Addams' book en
titled "Twenty Years at Hull House."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Heed, minister. The subject of the
sermon, Sunday, at 11 a.m., will he
"The Certainty of Victory." The text
will be from Jane Addams' book en
titled "Twenty Years at Hull House."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Heed, minister. The subject of the
sermon, Sunday, at 11 a.m., will he
"The Certainty of Victory." The text
will be from Jane Addams' book en
titled "Twenty Years at Hull House."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Heed, minister. The subject of the
sermon, Sunday, at 11 a.m., will he
"The Certainty of Victory." The text
will be from Jane Addams' book en
titled "Twenty Years at Hull House."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Heed, minister. The subject of the
sermon, Sunday, at 11 a.m., will he
"The Certainty of Victory." The text
will be from Jane Addams' book en
titled "Twenty Years at Hull House."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Heed, minister. The subject of the
sermon, Sunday, at 11 a.m., will he
"The Certainty of Victory." The text
will be from Jane Addams' book en
titled "Twenty Years at Hull House."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Heed, minister. The subject of the
sermon, Sunday, at 11 a.m., will he
"The Certainty of Victory." The text
will be from Jane Addams' book en
titled "Twenty Years at Hull House."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Heed, minister. The subject of the
sermon, Sunday, at 11 a.m., will he
"The Certainty of Victory." The text
will be from Jane Addams' book en
titled "Twenty Years at Hull House."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Heed, minister. The subject of the
sermon, Sunday, at 11 a.m., will he
"The Certainty of Victory." The text
will be from Jane Addams' book en
titled "Twenty Years at Hull House."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Heed, minister. The subject of the
sermon, Sunday, at 11 a.m., will he
"The Certainty of Victory." The text
will be from Jane Addams' book en
titled "Twenty Years at Hull House."
Unitarian Church—Corner Channing
avenue and Cowper street. Clarence
Heed, minister. The subject of the
sermon, Sunday, at 11 a.m., will he
"The Certainty of Victory." The text
will be from Jane Addams' book en
titled "Twenty Years at Hull House."
