# Special Notice
## 
### 
Lost—Black leather wallet, con
taining San Francisco ticket and
cards. —W. E. Wangenheim, 195 En
cina.
Lost—A Waterman self-filling foun
tain ]»en —probably between library
and postoffice, Thursday, September
12. Please notify Box 830.
Lost—Small gold C. E. Target pin.
Name and numerals on back. Reward.
Box 250 P. O. 9-13 2t
Lost—Black leather wallet, con
taining San Francisco ticket and
cards. —W. E. Wangenheim, 195 En
cina.
Lost—A Waterman self-filling foun
tain ]»en —probably between library
and postoffice, Thursday, September
12. Please notify Box 830.
Lost—Small gold C. E. Target pin.
Name and numerals on back. Reward.
Box 250 P. O. 9-13 2t
Lost—Black leather wallet, con
taining San Francisco ticket and
cards. —W. E. Wangenheim, 195 En
cina.
Lost—A Waterman self-filling foun
tain ]»en —probably between library
and postoffice, Thursday, September
12. Please notify Box 830.
Lost—Small gold C. E. Target pin.
Name and numerals on back. Reward.
Box 250 P. O. 9-13 2t
Lost—Black leather wallet, con
taining San Francisco ticket and
cards. —W. E. Wangenheim, 195 En
cina.
Lost—A Waterman self-filling foun
tain ]»en —probably between library
and postoffice, Thursday, September
12. Please notify Box 830.
Lost—Small gold C. E. Target pin.
Name and numerals on back. Reward.
Box 250 P. O. 9-13 2t
Lost—Black leather wallet, con
taining San Francisco ticket and
cards. —W. E. Wangenheim, 195 En
cina.
Lost—A Waterman self-filling foun
tain ]»en —probably between library
and postoffice, Thursday, September
12. Please notify Box 830.
Lost—Small gold C. E. Target pin.
Name and numerals on back. Reward.
Box 250 P. O. 9-13 2t
Lost—Black leather wallet, con
taining San Francisco ticket and
cards. —W. E. Wangenheim, 195 En
cina.
Lost—A Waterman self-filling foun
tain ]»en —probably between library
and postoffice, Thursday, September
12. Please notify Box 830.
Lost—Small gold C. E. Target pin.
Name and numerals on back. Reward.
Box 250 P. O. 9-13 2t
Lost—Black leather wallet, con
taining San Francisco ticket and
cards. —W. E. Wangenheim, 195 En
cina.
Lost—A Waterman self-filling foun
tain ]»en —probably between library
and postoffice, Thursday, September
12. Please notify Box 830.
Lost—Small gold C. E. Target pin.
Name and numerals on back. Reward.
Box 250 P. O. 9-13 2t
Lost—Black leather wallet, con
taining San Francisco ticket and
cards. —W. E. Wangenheim, 195 En
cina.
Lost—A Waterman self-filling foun
tain ]»en —probably between library
and postoffice, Thursday, September
12. Please notify Box 830.
Lost—Small gold C. E. Target pin.
Name and numerals on back. Reward.
Box 250 P. O. 9-13 2t
Lost—Black leather wallet, con
taining San Francisco ticket and
cards. —W. E. Wangenheim, 195 En
cina.
Lost—A Waterman self-filling foun
tain ]»en —probably between library
and postoffice, Thursday, September
12. Please notify Box 830.
Lost—Small gold C. E. Target pin.
Name and numerals on back. Reward.
Box 250 P. O. 9-13 2t
Lost—Black leather wallet, con
taining San Francisco ticket and
cards. —W. E. Wangenheim, 195 En
cina.
Lost—A Waterman self-filling foun
tain ]»en —probably between library
and postoffice, Thursday, September
12. Please notify Box 830.
Lost—Small gold C. E. Target pin.
Name and numerals on back. Reward.
Box 250 P. O. 9-13 2t
Lost—Black leather wallet, con
taining San Francisco ticket and
cards. —W. E. Wangenheim, 195 En
cina.
Lost—A Waterman self-filling foun
tain ]»en —probably between library
and postoffice, Thursday, September
12. Please notify Box 830.
Lost—Small gold C. E. Target pin.
Name and numerals on back. Reward.
Box 250 P. O. 9-13 2t
Lost—Black leather wallet, con
taining San Francisco ticket and
cards. —W. E. Wangenheim, 195 En
cina.
Lost—A Waterman self-filling foun
tain ]»en —probably between library
and postoffice, Thursday, September
12. Please notify Box 830.
Lost—Small gold C. E. Target pin.
Name and numerals on back. Reward.
Box 250 P. O. 9-13 2t
Lost—Black leather wallet, con
taining San Francisco ticket and
cards. —W. E. Wangenheim, 195 En
cina.
Lost—A Waterman self-filling foun
tain ]»en —probably between library
and postoffice, Thursday, September
12. Please notify Box 830.
Lost—Small gold C. E. Target pin.
Name and numerals on back. Reward.
Box 250 P. O. 9-13 2t
