# Library Periodicals.
## 
### 
The subscription list of the Li
brary for 1904 will include 171
American and 810 foreign serials.
Among the new American sub
scriptions will be found the follow
ing publications: Transactions
American Entomological Society,
American Teachers' Series, Arbori
culture, Individual Child and His
Education, Providence Leader,
Modern Philology, Popular Astron
omy, and the School Bulletin.
The subscription list of the Li
brary for 1904 will include 171
American and 810 foreign serials.
Among the new American sub
scriptions will be found the follow
ing publications: Transactions
American Entomological Society,
American Teachers' Series, Arbori
culture, Individual Child and His
Education, Providence Leader,
Modern Philology, Popular Astron
omy, and the School Bulletin.
The subscription list of the Li
brary for 1904 will include 171
American and 810 foreign serials.
Among the new American sub
scriptions will be found the follow
ing publications: Transactions
American Entomological Society,
American Teachers' Series, Arbori
culture, Individual Child and His
Education, Providence Leader,
Modern Philology, Popular Astron
omy, and the School Bulletin.
The subscription list of the Li
brary for 1904 will include 171
American and 810 foreign serials.
Among the new American sub
scriptions will be found the follow
ing publications: Transactions
American Entomological Society,
American Teachers' Series, Arbori
culture, Individual Child and His
Education, Providence Leader,
Modern Philology, Popular Astron
omy, and the School Bulletin.
The subscription list of the Li
brary for 1904 will include 171
American and 810 foreign serials.
Among the new American sub
scriptions will be found the follow
ing publications: Transactions
American Entomological Society,
American Teachers' Series, Arbori
culture, Individual Child and His
Education, Providence Leader,
Modern Philology, Popular Astron
omy, and the School Bulletin.
The subscription list of the Li
brary for 1904 will include 171
American and 810 foreign serials.
Among the new American sub
scriptions will be found the follow
ing publications: Transactions
American Entomological Society,
American Teachers' Series, Arbori
culture, Individual Child and His
Education, Providence Leader,
Modern Philology, Popular Astron
omy, and the School Bulletin.
The subscription list of the Li
brary for 1904 will include 171
American and 810 foreign serials.
Among the new American sub
scriptions will be found the follow
ing publications: Transactions
American Entomological Society,
American Teachers' Series, Arbori
culture, Individual Child and His
Education, Providence Leader,
Modern Philology, Popular Astron
omy, and the School Bulletin.
The subscription list of the Li
brary for 1904 will include 171
American and 810 foreign serials.
Among the new American sub
scriptions will be found the follow
ing publications: Transactions
American Entomological Society,
American Teachers' Series, Arbori
culture, Individual Child and His
Education, Providence Leader,
Modern Philology, Popular Astron
omy, and the School Bulletin.
