# Ram's Head Acts
## Directors Named 
### 
Stephen Jay Book, formerly a
professional director in New
York will direct "The Roar of
the Greasepaint—The Smell of
the Crowd," a Ram's Head pro
ductions, opening Feb. 14. As
sisting, as musical director, will
be Errol Gay, a former musical
director of 1965 and 1966 Big
Game Gaieties and "Once Upon
a Mattress."
Ram's Head second winter
production "The Maids" by Jean
Genet will open its three per
formance run on February 23.
Playing the lead role of Cocky
in "Roar of the Greasepaint"
will be professional Glenn Can
non, a founding member of SRT
and a lecturer in the Depart
ment of Speech and Drama. Can
non's Broadway credits include
"A Moon for the Misbegotten,"
and "Good Woman of Setzuan."
He has also acted in off-Broad
way productions of "The Iceman
Cometh," Three-Penny Opera,"
"Shadow in the Glen," and
"Dark of the Moon," and in
stock company productions.
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Carrillo Gantner will play the
other lead role, Sir, "a conniving

representative of the decadent
establishment." Heather Fergu
son, most recently seen in the
part of Tweeny in 1967 Big
Game Gaieties, will act the part
of Sir's assistant.
Reba Waters and Larry Ro
senzweig have been cast in sup
porting roles. The cast is com
pleted with'the urchins: Polly
Adams, Teri Brown, Becky T>an
iels, Carol Deinhardt, Susan
Gay, Gretchen Grant, Hilary
Kelvin, Stephanie Kelvin and
Terry Tanner.

Cast in Ram's Head's second
production, Jean Genet's 'The
Maids," are Richard Rek o w,
Richard Opolach and Dennis
Johnson. The play, directed by
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Howard Brown, will be done as
Genet originally intended, with
three men playing the women's
parts. Designer for • the shoW
will be Alan Beck.
Sets for both productions will
be done by Robert Morgan,
lights by Stephen Maze, and
costumes by Regina Cate.
Stephen Jay Book, formerly a
professional director in New
York will direct "The Roar of
the Greasepaint—The Smell of
the Crowd," a Ram's Head pro
ductions, opening Feb. 14. As
sisting, as musical director, will
be Errol Gay, a former musical
director of 1965 and 1966 Big
Game Gaieties and "Once Upon
a Mattress."
Ram's Head second winter
production "The Maids" by Jean
Genet will open its three per
formance run on February 23.
Playing the lead role of Cocky
in "Roar of the Greasepaint"
will be professional Glenn Can
non, a founding member of SRT
and a lecturer in the Depart
ment of Speech and Drama. Can
non's Broadway credits include
"A Moon for the Misbegotten,"
and "Good Woman of Setzuan."
He has also acted in off-Broad
way productions of "The Iceman
Cometh," Three-Penny Opera,"
"Shadow in the Glen," and
"Dark of the Moon," and in
stock company productions.
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Carrillo Gantner will play the
other lead role, Sir, "a conniving

representative of the decadent
establishment." Heather Fergu
son, most recently seen in the
part of Tweeny in 1967 Big
Game Gaieties, will act the part
of Sir's assistant.
Reba Waters and Larry Ro
senzweig have been cast in sup
porting roles. The cast is com
pleted with'the urchins: Polly
Adams, Teri Brown, Becky T>an
iels, Carol Deinhardt, Susan
Gay, Gretchen Grant, Hilary
Kelvin, Stephanie Kelvin and
Terry Tanner.

Cast in Ram's Head's second
production, Jean Genet's 'The
Maids," are Richard Rek o w,
Richard Opolach and Dennis
Johnson. The play, directed by
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Howard Brown, will be done as
Genet originally intended, with
three men playing the women's
parts. Designer for • the shoW
will be Alan Beck.
Sets for both productions will
be done by Robert Morgan,
lights by Stephen Maze, and
costumes by Regina Cate.
Stephen Jay Book, formerly a
professional director in New
York will direct "The Roar of
the Greasepaint—The Smell of
the Crowd," a Ram's Head pro
ductions, opening Feb. 14. As
sisting, as musical director, will
be Errol Gay, a former musical
director of 1965 and 1966 Big
Game Gaieties and "Once Upon
a Mattress."
Ram's Head second winter
production "The Maids" by Jean
Genet will open its three per
formance run on February 23.
Playing the lead role of Cocky
in "Roar of the Greasepaint"
will be professional Glenn Can
non, a founding member of SRT
and a lecturer in the Depart
ment of Speech and Drama. Can
non's Broadway credits include
"A Moon for the Misbegotten,"
and "Good Woman of Setzuan."
He has also acted in off-Broad
way productions of "The Iceman
Cometh," Three-Penny Opera,"
"Shadow in the Glen," and
"Dark of the Moon," and in
stock company productions.
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Carrillo Gantner will play the
other lead role, Sir, "a conniving

representative of the decadent
establishment." Heather Fergu
son, most recently seen in the
part of Tweeny in 1967 Big
Game Gaieties, will act the part
of Sir's assistant.
Reba Waters and Larry Ro
senzweig have been cast in sup
porting roles. The cast is com
pleted with'the urchins: Polly
Adams, Teri Brown, Becky T>an
iels, Carol Deinhardt, Susan
Gay, Gretchen Grant, Hilary
Kelvin, Stephanie Kelvin and
Terry Tanner.

Cast in Ram's Head's second
production, Jean Genet's 'The
Maids," are Richard Rek o w,
Richard Opolach and Dennis
Johnson. The play, directed by
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Howard Brown, will be done as
Genet originally intended, with
three men playing the women's
parts. Designer for • the shoW
will be Alan Beck.
Sets for both productions will
be done by Robert Morgan,
lights by Stephen Maze, and
costumes by Regina Cate.
Stephen Jay Book, formerly a
professional director in New
York will direct "The Roar of
the Greasepaint—The Smell of
the Crowd," a Ram's Head pro
ductions, opening Feb. 14. As
sisting, as musical director, will
be Errol Gay, a former musical
director of 1965 and 1966 Big
Game Gaieties and "Once Upon
a Mattress."
Ram's Head second winter
production "The Maids" by Jean
Genet will open its three per
formance run on February 23.
Playing the lead role of Cocky
in "Roar of the Greasepaint"
will be professional Glenn Can
non, a founding member of SRT
and a lecturer in the Depart
ment of Speech and Drama. Can
non's Broadway credits include
"A Moon for the Misbegotten,"
and "Good Woman of Setzuan."
He has also acted in off-Broad
way productions of "The Iceman
Cometh," Three-Penny Opera,"
"Shadow in the Glen," and
"Dark of the Moon," and in
stock company productions.
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Carrillo Gantner will play the
other lead role, Sir, "a conniving

representative of the decadent
establishment." Heather Fergu
son, most recently seen in the
part of Tweeny in 1967 Big
Game Gaieties, will act the part
of Sir's assistant.
Reba Waters and Larry Ro
senzweig have been cast in sup
porting roles. The cast is com
pleted with'the urchins: Polly
Adams, Teri Brown, Becky T>an
iels, Carol Deinhardt, Susan
Gay, Gretchen Grant, Hilary
Kelvin, Stephanie Kelvin and
Terry Tanner.

Cast in Ram's Head's second
production, Jean Genet's 'The
Maids," are Richard Rek o w,
Richard Opolach and Dennis
Johnson. The play, directed by
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Howard Brown, will be done as
Genet originally intended, with
three men playing the women's
parts. Designer for • the shoW
will be Alan Beck.
Sets for both productions will
be done by Robert Morgan,
lights by Stephen Maze, and
costumes by Regina Cate.
Stephen Jay Book, formerly a
professional director in New
York will direct "The Roar of
the Greasepaint—The Smell of
the Crowd," a Ram's Head pro
ductions, opening Feb. 14. As
sisting, as musical director, will
be Errol Gay, a former musical
director of 1965 and 1966 Big
Game Gaieties and "Once Upon
a Mattress."
Ram's Head second winter
production "The Maids" by Jean
Genet will open its three per
formance run on February 23.
Playing the lead role of Cocky
in "Roar of the Greasepaint"
will be professional Glenn Can
non, a founding member of SRT
and a lecturer in the Depart
ment of Speech and Drama. Can
non's Broadway credits include
"A Moon for the Misbegotten,"
and "Good Woman of Setzuan."
He has also acted in off-Broad
way productions of "The Iceman
Cometh," Three-Penny Opera,"
"Shadow in the Glen," and
"Dark of the Moon," and in
stock company productions.
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Carrillo Gantner will play the
other lead role, Sir, "a conniving

representative of the decadent
establishment." Heather Fergu
son, most recently seen in the
part of Tweeny in 1967 Big
Game Gaieties, will act the part
of Sir's assistant.
Reba Waters and Larry Ro
senzweig have been cast in sup
porting roles. The cast is com
pleted with'the urchins: Polly
Adams, Teri Brown, Becky T>an
iels, Carol Deinhardt, Susan
Gay, Gretchen Grant, Hilary
Kelvin, Stephanie Kelvin and
Terry Tanner.

Cast in Ram's Head's second
production, Jean Genet's 'The
Maids," are Richard Rek o w,
Richard Opolach and Dennis
Johnson. The play, directed by
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Howard Brown, will be done as
Genet originally intended, with
three men playing the women's
parts. Designer for • the shoW
will be Alan Beck.
Sets for both productions will
be done by Robert Morgan,
lights by Stephen Maze, and
costumes by Regina Cate.
Stephen Jay Book, formerly a
professional director in New
York will direct "The Roar of
the Greasepaint—The Smell of
the Crowd," a Ram's Head pro
ductions, opening Feb. 14. As
sisting, as musical director, will
be Errol Gay, a former musical
director of 1965 and 1966 Big
Game Gaieties and "Once Upon
a Mattress."
Ram's Head second winter
production "The Maids" by Jean
Genet will open its three per
formance run on February 23.
Playing the lead role of Cocky
in "Roar of the Greasepaint"
will be professional Glenn Can
non, a founding member of SRT
and a lecturer in the Depart
ment of Speech and Drama. Can
non's Broadway credits include
"A Moon for the Misbegotten,"
and "Good Woman of Setzuan."
He has also acted in off-Broad
way productions of "The Iceman
Cometh," Three-Penny Opera,"
"Shadow in the Glen," and
"Dark of the Moon," and in
stock company productions.
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Carrillo Gantner will play the
other lead role, Sir, "a conniving

representative of the decadent
establishment." Heather Fergu
son, most recently seen in the
part of Tweeny in 1967 Big
Game Gaieties, will act the part
of Sir's assistant.
Reba Waters and Larry Ro
senzweig have been cast in sup
porting roles. The cast is com
pleted with'the urchins: Polly
Adams, Teri Brown, Becky T>an
iels, Carol Deinhardt, Susan
Gay, Gretchen Grant, Hilary
Kelvin, Stephanie Kelvin and
Terry Tanner.

Cast in Ram's Head's second
production, Jean Genet's 'The
Maids," are Richard Rek o w,
Richard Opolach and Dennis
Johnson. The play, directed by
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Howard Brown, will be done as
Genet originally intended, with
three men playing the women's
parts. Designer for • the shoW
will be Alan Beck.
Sets for both productions will
be done by Robert Morgan,
lights by Stephen Maze, and
costumes by Regina Cate.
Stephen Jay Book, formerly a
professional director in New
York will direct "The Roar of
the Greasepaint—The Smell of
the Crowd," a Ram's Head pro
ductions, opening Feb. 14. As
sisting, as musical director, will
be Errol Gay, a former musical
director of 1965 and 1966 Big
Game Gaieties and "Once Upon
a Mattress."
Ram's Head second winter
production "The Maids" by Jean
Genet will open its three per
formance run on February 23.
Playing the lead role of Cocky
in "Roar of the Greasepaint"
will be professional Glenn Can
non, a founding member of SRT
and a lecturer in the Depart
ment of Speech and Drama. Can
non's Broadway credits include
"A Moon for the Misbegotten,"
and "Good Woman of Setzuan."
He has also acted in off-Broad
way productions of "The Iceman
Cometh," Three-Penny Opera,"
"Shadow in the Glen," and
"Dark of the Moon," and in
stock company productions.
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Carrillo Gantner will play the
other lead role, Sir, "a conniving

representative of the decadent
establishment." Heather Fergu
son, most recently seen in the
part of Tweeny in 1967 Big
Game Gaieties, will act the part
of Sir's assistant.
Reba Waters and Larry Ro
senzweig have been cast in sup
porting roles. The cast is com
pleted with'the urchins: Polly
Adams, Teri Brown, Becky T>an
iels, Carol Deinhardt, Susan
Gay, Gretchen Grant, Hilary
Kelvin, Stephanie Kelvin and
Terry Tanner.

Cast in Ram's Head's second
production, Jean Genet's 'The
Maids," are Richard Rek o w,
Richard Opolach and Dennis
Johnson. The play, directed by
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Howard Brown, will be done as
Genet originally intended, with
three men playing the women's
parts. Designer for • the shoW
will be Alan Beck.
Sets for both productions will
be done by Robert Morgan,
lights by Stephen Maze, and
costumes by Regina Cate.
Stephen Jay Book, formerly a
professional director in New
York will direct "The Roar of
the Greasepaint—The Smell of
the Crowd," a Ram's Head pro
ductions, opening Feb. 14. As
sisting, as musical director, will
be Errol Gay, a former musical
director of 1965 and 1966 Big
Game Gaieties and "Once Upon
a Mattress."
Ram's Head second winter
production "The Maids" by Jean
Genet will open its three per
formance run on February 23.
Playing the lead role of Cocky
in "Roar of the Greasepaint"
will be professional Glenn Can
non, a founding member of SRT
and a lecturer in the Depart
ment of Speech and Drama. Can
non's Broadway credits include
"A Moon for the Misbegotten,"
and "Good Woman of Setzuan."
He has also acted in off-Broad
way productions of "The Iceman
Cometh," Three-Penny Opera,"
"Shadow in the Glen," and
"Dark of the Moon," and in
stock company productions.
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Carrillo Gantner will play the
other lead role, Sir, "a conniving

representative of the decadent
establishment." Heather Fergu
son, most recently seen in the
part of Tweeny in 1967 Big
Game Gaieties, will act the part
of Sir's assistant.
Reba Waters and Larry Ro
senzweig have been cast in sup
porting roles. The cast is com
pleted with'the urchins: Polly
Adams, Teri Brown, Becky T>an
iels, Carol Deinhardt, Susan
Gay, Gretchen Grant, Hilary
Kelvin, Stephanie Kelvin and
Terry Tanner.

Cast in Ram's Head's second
production, Jean Genet's 'The
Maids," are Richard Rek o w,
Richard Opolach and Dennis
Johnson. The play, directed by
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Howard Brown, will be done as
Genet originally intended, with
three men playing the women's
parts. Designer for • the shoW
will be Alan Beck.
Sets for both productions will
be done by Robert Morgan,
lights by Stephen Maze, and
costumes by Regina Cate.
Stephen Jay Book, formerly a
professional director in New
York will direct "The Roar of
the Greasepaint—The Smell of
the Crowd," a Ram's Head pro
ductions, opening Feb. 14. As
sisting, as musical director, will
be Errol Gay, a former musical
director of 1965 and 1966 Big
Game Gaieties and "Once Upon
a Mattress."
Ram's Head second winter
production "The Maids" by Jean
Genet will open its three per
formance run on February 23.
Playing the lead role of Cocky
in "Roar of the Greasepaint"
will be professional Glenn Can
non, a founding member of SRT
and a lecturer in the Depart
ment of Speech and Drama. Can
non's Broadway credits include
"A Moon for the Misbegotten,"
and "Good Woman of Setzuan."
He has also acted in off-Broad
way productions of "The Iceman
Cometh," Three-Penny Opera,"
"Shadow in the Glen," and
"Dark of the Moon," and in
stock company productions.
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Carrillo Gantner will play the
other lead role, Sir, "a conniving

representative of the decadent
establishment." Heather Fergu
son, most recently seen in the
part of Tweeny in 1967 Big
Game Gaieties, will act the part
of Sir's assistant.
Reba Waters and Larry Ro
senzweig have been cast in sup
porting roles. The cast is com
pleted with'the urchins: Polly
Adams, Teri Brown, Becky T>an
iels, Carol Deinhardt, Susan
Gay, Gretchen Grant, Hilary
Kelvin, Stephanie Kelvin and
Terry Tanner.

Cast in Ram's Head's second
production, Jean Genet's 'The
Maids," are Richard Rek o w,
Richard Opolach and Dennis
Johnson. The play, directed by
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Howard Brown, will be done as
Genet originally intended, with
three men playing the women's
parts. Designer for • the shoW
will be Alan Beck.
Sets for both productions will
be done by Robert Morgan,
lights by Stephen Maze, and
costumes by Regina Cate.
Stephen Jay Book, formerly a
professional director in New
York will direct "The Roar of
the Greasepaint—The Smell of
the Crowd," a Ram's Head pro
ductions, opening Feb. 14. As
sisting, as musical director, will
be Errol Gay, a former musical
director of 1965 and 1966 Big
Game Gaieties and "Once Upon
a Mattress."
Ram's Head second winter
production "The Maids" by Jean
Genet will open its three per
formance run on February 23.
Playing the lead role of Cocky
in "Roar of the Greasepaint"
will be professional Glenn Can
non, a founding member of SRT
and a lecturer in the Depart
ment of Speech and Drama. Can
non's Broadway credits include
"A Moon for the Misbegotten,"
and "Good Woman of Setzuan."
He has also acted in off-Broad
way productions of "The Iceman
Cometh," Three-Penny Opera,"
"Shadow in the Glen," and
"Dark of the Moon," and in
stock company productions.
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Carrillo Gantner will play the
other lead role, Sir, "a conniving

representative of the decadent
establishment." Heather Fergu
son, most recently seen in the
part of Tweeny in 1967 Big
Game Gaieties, will act the part
of Sir's assistant.
Reba Waters and Larry Ro
senzweig have been cast in sup
porting roles. The cast is com
pleted with'the urchins: Polly
Adams, Teri Brown, Becky T>an
iels, Carol Deinhardt, Susan
Gay, Gretchen Grant, Hilary
Kelvin, Stephanie Kelvin and
Terry Tanner.

Cast in Ram's Head's second
production, Jean Genet's 'The
Maids," are Richard Rek o w,
Richard Opolach and Dennis
Johnson. The play, directed by
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Howard Brown, will be done as
Genet originally intended, with
three men playing the women's
parts. Designer for • the shoW
will be Alan Beck.
Sets for both productions will
be done by Robert Morgan,
lights by Stephen Maze, and
costumes by Regina Cate.
Stephen Jay Book, formerly a
professional director in New
York will direct "The Roar of
the Greasepaint—The Smell of
the Crowd," a Ram's Head pro
ductions, opening Feb. 14. As
sisting, as musical director, will
be Errol Gay, a former musical
director of 1965 and 1966 Big
Game Gaieties and "Once Upon
a Mattress."
Ram's Head second winter
production "The Maids" by Jean
Genet will open its three per
formance run on February 23.
Playing the lead role of Cocky
in "Roar of the Greasepaint"
will be professional Glenn Can
non, a founding member of SRT
and a lecturer in the Depart
ment of Speech and Drama. Can
non's Broadway credits include
"A Moon for the Misbegotten,"
and "Good Woman of Setzuan."
He has also acted in off-Broad
way productions of "The Iceman
Cometh," Three-Penny Opera,"
"Shadow in the Glen," and
"Dark of the Moon," and in
stock company productions.
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Carrillo Gantner will play the
other lead role, Sir, "a conniving

representative of the decadent
establishment." Heather Fergu
son, most recently seen in the
part of Tweeny in 1967 Big
Game Gaieties, will act the part
of Sir's assistant.
Reba Waters and Larry Ro
senzweig have been cast in sup
porting roles. The cast is com
pleted with'the urchins: Polly
Adams, Teri Brown, Becky T>an
iels, Carol Deinhardt, Susan
Gay, Gretchen Grant, Hilary
Kelvin, Stephanie Kelvin and
Terry Tanner.

Cast in Ram's Head's second
production, Jean Genet's 'The
Maids," are Richard Rek o w,
Richard Opolach and Dennis
Johnson. The play, directed by
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Howard Brown, will be done as
Genet originally intended, with
three men playing the women's
parts. Designer for • the shoW
will be Alan Beck.
Sets for both productions will
be done by Robert Morgan,
lights by Stephen Maze, and
costumes by Regina Cate.
Stephen Jay Book, formerly a
professional director in New
York will direct "The Roar of
the Greasepaint—The Smell of
the Crowd," a Ram's Head pro
ductions, opening Feb. 14. As
sisting, as musical director, will
be Errol Gay, a former musical
director of 1965 and 1966 Big
Game Gaieties and "Once Upon
a Mattress."
Ram's Head second winter
production "The Maids" by Jean
Genet will open its three per
formance run on February 23.
Playing the lead role of Cocky
in "Roar of the Greasepaint"
will be professional Glenn Can
non, a founding member of SRT
and a lecturer in the Depart
ment of Speech and Drama. Can
non's Broadway credits include
"A Moon for the Misbegotten,"
and "Good Woman of Setzuan."
He has also acted in off-Broad
way productions of "The Iceman
Cometh," Three-Penny Opera,"
"Shadow in the Glen," and
"Dark of the Moon," and in
stock company productions.
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Carrillo Gantner will play the
other lead role, Sir, "a conniving

representative of the decadent
establishment." Heather Fergu
son, most recently seen in the
part of Tweeny in 1967 Big
Game Gaieties, will act the part
of Sir's assistant.
Reba Waters and Larry Ro
senzweig have been cast in sup
porting roles. The cast is com
pleted with'the urchins: Polly
Adams, Teri Brown, Becky T>an
iels, Carol Deinhardt, Susan
Gay, Gretchen Grant, Hilary
Kelvin, Stephanie Kelvin and
Terry Tanner.

Cast in Ram's Head's second
production, Jean Genet's 'The
Maids," are Richard Rek o w,
Richard Opolach and Dennis
Johnson. The play, directed by
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Howard Brown, will be done as
Genet originally intended, with
three men playing the women's
parts. Designer for • the shoW
will be Alan Beck.
Sets for both productions will
be done by Robert Morgan,
lights by Stephen Maze, and
costumes by Regina Cate.
Stephen Jay Book, formerly a
professional director in New
York will direct "The Roar of
the Greasepaint—The Smell of
the Crowd," a Ram's Head pro
ductions, opening Feb. 14. As
sisting, as musical director, will
be Errol Gay, a former musical
director of 1965 and 1966 Big
Game Gaieties and "Once Upon
a Mattress."
Ram's Head second winter
production "The Maids" by Jean
Genet will open its three per
formance run on February 23.
Playing the lead role of Cocky
in "Roar of the Greasepaint"
will be professional Glenn Can
non, a founding member of SRT
and a lecturer in the Depart
ment of Speech and Drama. Can
non's Broadway credits include
"A Moon for the Misbegotten,"
and "Good Woman of Setzuan."
He has also acted in off-Broad
way productions of "The Iceman
Cometh," Three-Penny Opera,"
"Shadow in the Glen," and
"Dark of the Moon," and in
stock company productions.
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Carrillo Gantner will play the
other lead role, Sir, "a conniving

representative of the decadent
establishment." Heather Fergu
son, most recently seen in the
part of Tweeny in 1967 Big
Game Gaieties, will act the part
of Sir's assistant.
Reba Waters and Larry Ro
senzweig have been cast in sup
porting roles. The cast is com
pleted with'the urchins: Polly
Adams, Teri Brown, Becky T>an
iels, Carol Deinhardt, Susan
Gay, Gretchen Grant, Hilary
Kelvin, Stephanie Kelvin and
Terry Tanner.

Cast in Ram's Head's second
production, Jean Genet's 'The
Maids," are Richard Rek o w,
Richard Opolach and Dennis
Johnson. The play, directed by
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Howard Brown, will be done as
Genet originally intended, with
three men playing the women's
parts. Designer for • the shoW
will be Alan Beck.
Sets for both productions will
be done by Robert Morgan,
lights by Stephen Maze, and
costumes by Regina Cate.
Stephen Jay Book, formerly a
professional director in New
York will direct "The Roar of
the Greasepaint—The Smell of
the Crowd," a Ram's Head pro
ductions, opening Feb. 14. As
sisting, as musical director, will
be Errol Gay, a former musical
director of 1965 and 1966 Big
Game Gaieties and "Once Upon
a Mattress."
Ram's Head second winter
production "The Maids" by Jean
Genet will open its three per
formance run on February 23.
Playing the lead role of Cocky
in "Roar of the Greasepaint"
will be professional Glenn Can
non, a founding member of SRT
and a lecturer in the Depart
ment of Speech and Drama. Can
non's Broadway credits include
"A Moon for the Misbegotten,"
and "Good Woman of Setzuan."
He has also acted in off-Broad
way productions of "The Iceman
Cometh," Three-Penny Opera,"
"Shadow in the Glen," and
"Dark of the Moon," and in
stock company productions.
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Carrillo Gantner will play the
other lead role, Sir, "a conniving

representative of the decadent
establishment." Heather Fergu
son, most recently seen in the
part of Tweeny in 1967 Big
Game Gaieties, will act the part
of Sir's assistant.
Reba Waters and Larry Ro
senzweig have been cast in sup
porting roles. The cast is com
pleted with'the urchins: Polly
Adams, Teri Brown, Becky T>an
iels, Carol Deinhardt, Susan
Gay, Gretchen Grant, Hilary
Kelvin, Stephanie Kelvin and
Terry Tanner.

Cast in Ram's Head's second
production, Jean Genet's 'The
Maids," are Richard Rek o w,
Richard Opolach and Dennis
Johnson. The play, directed by
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Howard Brown, will be done as
Genet originally intended, with
three men playing the women's
parts. Designer for • the shoW
will be Alan Beck.
Sets for both productions will
be done by Robert Morgan,
lights by Stephen Maze, and
costumes by Regina Cate.
Stephen Jay Book, formerly a
professional director in New
York will direct "The Roar of
the Greasepaint—The Smell of
the Crowd," a Ram's Head pro
ductions, opening Feb. 14. As
sisting, as musical director, will
be Errol Gay, a former musical
director of 1965 and 1966 Big
Game Gaieties and "Once Upon
a Mattress."
Ram's Head second winter
production "The Maids" by Jean
Genet will open its three per
formance run on February 23.
Playing the lead role of Cocky
in "Roar of the Greasepaint"
will be professional Glenn Can
non, a founding member of SRT
and a lecturer in the Depart
ment of Speech and Drama. Can
non's Broadway credits include
"A Moon for the Misbegotten,"
and "Good Woman of Setzuan."
He has also acted in off-Broad
way productions of "The Iceman
Cometh," Three-Penny Opera,"
"Shadow in the Glen," and
"Dark of the Moon," and in
stock company productions.
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Carrillo Gantner will play the
other lead role, Sir, "a conniving

representative of the decadent
establishment." Heather Fergu
son, most recently seen in the
part of Tweeny in 1967 Big
Game Gaieties, will act the part
of Sir's assistant.
Reba Waters and Larry Ro
senzweig have been cast in sup
porting roles. The cast is com
pleted with'the urchins: Polly
Adams, Teri Brown, Becky T>an
iels, Carol Deinhardt, Susan
Gay, Gretchen Grant, Hilary
Kelvin, Stephanie Kelvin and
Terry Tanner.

Cast in Ram's Head's second
production, Jean Genet's 'The
Maids," are Richard Rek o w,
Richard Opolach and Dennis
Johnson. The play, directed by
Master of Fine Arts candidate
Howard Brown, will be done as
Genet originally intended, with
three men playing the women's
parts. Designer for • the shoW
will be Alan Beck.
Sets for both productions will
be done by Robert Morgan,
lights by Stephen Maze, and
costumes by Regina Cate.
