# NATIONAL STUDENT CONFAB DISCUSSES VALUE OF R.O.T.C.
## 10th Annual Conclave Held In Washington, D.C. 
### 
One of the main topics of dis
cussion at the National Students
Federation of America held at
Washington, D.C., from which Pres
ident Jerry Trautman is expected
back here Monday, was the eflects
of R.O.T.C. training in the colleges
on efforts toward international
peace.
This subject has of late been of
much interest especially in those
colleges and universities where mil
itary training is compulsory. Many
students have been expelled for
failure to comply with the require
ment, and test cases have been
watched with much speculation.
Many other subjects of discussion
were also featured at the 10th an
nual meeting of the convention at
which representative leaders from
institutions all over the United
States were present. Some of these
are: The Basis of Support of Con
structive Organs of Peace, An Ade
quate State Department, the Rela
tion of Armament Limitation to
Peace, and the Basis for Interna
tional Co-operation Along Cultural
Lines.
The convention met from Decem
ber 27 to 31.
One of the main topics of dis
cussion at the National Students
Federation of America held at
Washington, D.C., from which Pres
ident Jerry Trautman is expected
back here Monday, was the eflects
of R.O.T.C. training in the colleges
on efforts toward international
peace.
This subject has of late been of
much interest especially in those
colleges and universities where mil
itary training is compulsory. Many
students have been expelled for
failure to comply with the require
ment, and test cases have been
watched with much speculation.
Many other subjects of discussion
were also featured at the 10th an
nual meeting of the convention at
which representative leaders from
institutions all over the United
States were present. Some of these
are: The Basis of Support of Con
structive Organs of Peace, An Ade
quate State Department, the Rela
tion of Armament Limitation to
Peace, and the Basis for Interna
tional Co-operation Along Cultural
Lines.
The convention met from Decem
ber 27 to 31.
One of the main topics of dis
cussion at the National Students
Federation of America held at
Washington, D.C., from which Pres
ident Jerry Trautman is expected
back here Monday, was the eflects
of R.O.T.C. training in the colleges
on efforts toward international
peace.
This subject has of late been of
much interest especially in those
colleges and universities where mil
itary training is compulsory. Many
students have been expelled for
failure to comply with the require
ment, and test cases have been
watched with much speculation.
Many other subjects of discussion
were also featured at the 10th an
nual meeting of the convention at
which representative leaders from
institutions all over the United
States were present. Some of these
are: The Basis of Support of Con
structive Organs of Peace, An Ade
quate State Department, the Rela
tion of Armament Limitation to
Peace, and the Basis for Interna
tional Co-operation Along Cultural
Lines.
The convention met from Decem
ber 27 to 31.
One of the main topics of dis
cussion at the National Students
Federation of America held at
Washington, D.C., from which Pres
ident Jerry Trautman is expected
back here Monday, was the eflects
of R.O.T.C. training in the colleges
on efforts toward international
peace.
This subject has of late been of
much interest especially in those
colleges and universities where mil
itary training is compulsory. Many
students have been expelled for
failure to comply with the require
ment, and test cases have been
watched with much speculation.
Many other subjects of discussion
were also featured at the 10th an
nual meeting of the convention at
which representative leaders from
institutions all over the United
States were present. Some of these
are: The Basis of Support of Con
structive Organs of Peace, An Ade
quate State Department, the Rela
tion of Armament Limitation to
Peace, and the Basis for Interna
tional Co-operation Along Cultural
Lines.
The convention met from Decem
ber 27 to 31.
One of the main topics of dis
cussion at the National Students
Federation of America held at
Washington, D.C., from which Pres
ident Jerry Trautman is expected
back here Monday, was the eflects
of R.O.T.C. training in the colleges
on efforts toward international
peace.
This subject has of late been of
much interest especially in those
colleges and universities where mil
itary training is compulsory. Many
students have been expelled for
failure to comply with the require
ment, and test cases have been
watched with much speculation.
Many other subjects of discussion
were also featured at the 10th an
nual meeting of the convention at
which representative leaders from
institutions all over the United
States were present. Some of these
are: The Basis of Support of Con
structive Organs of Peace, An Ade
quate State Department, the Rela
tion of Armament Limitation to
Peace, and the Basis for Interna
tional Co-operation Along Cultural
Lines.
The convention met from Decem
ber 27 to 31.
One of the main topics of dis
cussion at the National Students
Federation of America held at
Washington, D.C., from which Pres
ident Jerry Trautman is expected
back here Monday, was the eflects
of R.O.T.C. training in the colleges
on efforts toward international
peace.
This subject has of late been of
much interest especially in those
colleges and universities where mil
itary training is compulsory. Many
students have been expelled for
failure to comply with the require
ment, and test cases have been
watched with much speculation.
Many other subjects of discussion
were also featured at the 10th an
nual meeting of the convention at
which representative leaders from
institutions all over the United
States were present. Some of these
are: The Basis of Support of Con
structive Organs of Peace, An Ade
quate State Department, the Rela
tion of Armament Limitation to
Peace, and the Basis for Interna
tional Co-operation Along Cultural
Lines.
The convention met from Decem
ber 27 to 31.
One of the main topics of dis
cussion at the National Students
Federation of America held at
Washington, D.C., from which Pres
ident Jerry Trautman is expected
back here Monday, was the eflects
of R.O.T.C. training in the colleges
on efforts toward international
peace.
This subject has of late been of
much interest especially in those
colleges and universities where mil
itary training is compulsory. Many
students have been expelled for
failure to comply with the require
ment, and test cases have been
watched with much speculation.
Many other subjects of discussion
were also featured at the 10th an
nual meeting of the convention at
which representative leaders from
institutions all over the United
States were present. Some of these
are: The Basis of Support of Con
structive Organs of Peace, An Ade
quate State Department, the Rela
tion of Armament Limitation to
Peace, and the Basis for Interna
tional Co-operation Along Cultural
Lines.
The convention met from Decem
ber 27 to 31.
One of the main topics of dis
cussion at the National Students
Federation of America held at
Washington, D.C., from which Pres
ident Jerry Trautman is expected
back here Monday, was the eflects
of R.O.T.C. training in the colleges
on efforts toward international
peace.
This subject has of late been of
much interest especially in those
colleges and universities where mil
itary training is compulsory. Many
students have been expelled for
failure to comply with the require
ment, and test cases have been
watched with much speculation.
Many other subjects of discussion
were also featured at the 10th an
nual meeting of the convention at
which representative leaders from
institutions all over the United
States were present. Some of these
are: The Basis of Support of Con
structive Organs of Peace, An Ade
quate State Department, the Rela
tion of Armament Limitation to
Peace, and the Basis for Interna
tional Co-operation Along Cultural
Lines.
The convention met from Decem
ber 27 to 31.
One of the main topics of dis
cussion at the National Students
Federation of America held at
Washington, D.C., from which Pres
ident Jerry Trautman is expected
back here Monday, was the eflects
of R.O.T.C. training in the colleges
on efforts toward international
peace.
This subject has of late been of
much interest especially in those
colleges and universities where mil
itary training is compulsory. Many
students have been expelled for
failure to comply with the require
ment, and test cases have been
watched with much speculation.
Many other subjects of discussion
were also featured at the 10th an
nual meeting of the convention at
which representative leaders from
institutions all over the United
States were present. Some of these
are: The Basis of Support of Con
structive Organs of Peace, An Ade
quate State Department, the Rela
tion of Armament Limitation to
Peace, and the Basis for Interna
tional Co-operation Along Cultural
Lines.
The convention met from Decem
ber 27 to 31.
One of the main topics of dis
cussion at the National Students
Federation of America held at
Washington, D.C., from which Pres
ident Jerry Trautman is expected
back here Monday, was the eflects
of R.O.T.C. training in the colleges
on efforts toward international
peace.
This subject has of late been of
much interest especially in those
colleges and universities where mil
itary training is compulsory. Many
students have been expelled for
failure to comply with the require
ment, and test cases have been
watched with much speculation.
Many other subjects of discussion
were also featured at the 10th an
nual meeting of the convention at
which representative leaders from
institutions all over the United
States were present. Some of these
are: The Basis of Support of Con
structive Organs of Peace, An Ade
quate State Department, the Rela
tion of Armament Limitation to
Peace, and the Basis for Interna
tional Co-operation Along Cultural
Lines.
The convention met from Decem
ber 27 to 31.
One of the main topics of dis
cussion at the National Students
Federation of America held at
Washington, D.C., from which Pres
ident Jerry Trautman is expected
back here Monday, was the eflects
of R.O.T.C. training in the colleges
on efforts toward international
peace.
This subject has of late been of
much interest especially in those
colleges and universities where mil
itary training is compulsory. Many
students have been expelled for
failure to comply with the require
ment, and test cases have been
watched with much speculation.
Many other subjects of discussion
were also featured at the 10th an
nual meeting of the convention at
which representative leaders from
institutions all over the United
States were present. Some of these
are: The Basis of Support of Con
structive Organs of Peace, An Ade
quate State Department, the Rela
tion of Armament Limitation to
Peace, and the Basis for Interna
tional Co-operation Along Cultural
Lines.
The convention met from Decem
ber 27 to 31.
One of the main topics of dis
cussion at the National Students
Federation of America held at
Washington, D.C., from which Pres
ident Jerry Trautman is expected
back here Monday, was the eflects
of R.O.T.C. training in the colleges
on efforts toward international
peace.
This subject has of late been of
much interest especially in those
colleges and universities where mil
itary training is compulsory. Many
students have been expelled for
failure to comply with the require
ment, and test cases have been
watched with much speculation.
Many other subjects of discussion
were also featured at the 10th an
nual meeting of the convention at
which representative leaders from
institutions all over the United
States were present. Some of these
are: The Basis of Support of Con
structive Organs of Peace, An Ade
quate State Department, the Rela
tion of Armament Limitation to
Peace, and the Basis for Interna
tional Co-operation Along Cultural
Lines.
The convention met from Decem
ber 27 to 31.
One of the main topics of dis
cussion at the National Students
Federation of America held at
Washington, D.C., from which Pres
ident Jerry Trautman is expected
back here Monday, was the eflects
of R.O.T.C. training in the colleges
on efforts toward international
peace.
This subject has of late been of
much interest especially in those
colleges and universities where mil
itary training is compulsory. Many
students have been expelled for
failure to comply with the require
ment, and test cases have been
watched with much speculation.
Many other subjects of discussion
were also featured at the 10th an
nual meeting of the convention at
which representative leaders from
institutions all over the United
States were present. Some of these
are: The Basis of Support of Con
structive Organs of Peace, An Ade
quate State Department, the Rela
tion of Armament Limitation to
Peace, and the Basis for Interna
tional Co-operation Along Cultural
Lines.
The convention met from Decem
ber 27 to 31.
One of the main topics of dis
cussion at the National Students
Federation of America held at
Washington, D.C., from which Pres
ident Jerry Trautman is expected
back here Monday, was the eflects
of R.O.T.C. training in the colleges
on efforts toward international
peace.
This subject has of late been of
much interest especially in those
colleges and universities where mil
itary training is compulsory. Many
students have been expelled for
failure to comply with the require
ment, and test cases have been
watched with much speculation.
Many other subjects of discussion
were also featured at the 10th an
nual meeting of the convention at
which representative leaders from
institutions all over the United
States were present. Some of these
are: The Basis of Support of Con
structive Organs of Peace, An Ade
quate State Department, the Rela
tion of Armament Limitation to
Peace, and the Basis for Interna
tional Co-operation Along Cultural
Lines.
The convention met from Decem
ber 27 to 31.
One of the main topics of dis
cussion at the National Students
Federation of America held at
Washington, D.C., from which Pres
ident Jerry Trautman is expected
back here Monday, was the eflects
of R.O.T.C. training in the colleges
on efforts toward international
peace.
This subject has of late been of
much interest especially in those
colleges and universities where mil
itary training is compulsory. Many
students have been expelled for
failure to comply with the require
ment, and test cases have been
watched with much speculation.
Many other subjects of discussion
were also featured at the 10th an
nual meeting of the convention at
which representative leaders from
institutions all over the United
States were present. Some of these
are: The Basis of Support of Con
structive Organs of Peace, An Ade
quate State Department, the Rela
tion of Armament Limitation to
Peace, and the Basis for Interna
tional Co-operation Along Cultural
Lines.
The convention met from Decem
ber 27 to 31.
