# BIG BAD BEAR
## 
### 
The University of California will
start a class in ballroom dancing for
the masculine population of the
school if enough make known their
desire.
The University of California will
start a class in ballroom dancing for
the masculine population of the
school if enough make known their
desire.
The University of California will
start a class in ballroom dancing for
the masculine population of the
school if enough make known their
desire.
The University of California will
start a class in ballroom dancing for
the masculine population of the
school if enough make known their
desire.
The University of California will
start a class in ballroom dancing for
the masculine population of the
school if enough make known their
desire.
The University of California will
start a class in ballroom dancing for
the masculine population of the
school if enough make known their
desire.
The University of California will
start a class in ballroom dancing for
the masculine population of the
school if enough make known their
desire.
The University of California will
start a class in ballroom dancing for
the masculine population of the
school if enough make known their
desire.
The University of California will
start a class in ballroom dancing for
the masculine population of the
school if enough make known their
desire.
The University of California will
start a class in ballroom dancing for
the masculine population of the
school if enough make known their
desire.
The University of California will
start a class in ballroom dancing for
the masculine population of the
school if enough make known their
desire.
The University of California will
start a class in ballroom dancing for
the masculine population of the
school if enough make known their
desire.
The University of California will
start a class in ballroom dancing for
the masculine population of the
school if enough make known their
desire.
The University of California will
start a class in ballroom dancing for
the masculine population of the
school if enough make known their
desire.
The University of California will
start a class in ballroom dancing for
the masculine population of the
school if enough make known their
desire.
