# New York Stanford Club.
## 
### 
A movement has been net on foot
to organize a Stanford club in New
York, with a membership of the
alumni of the University, of whom
there are many who were promi
nent in their undergraduate days,
and who have achieved success in
the metropolis. The originators of
the plan count upon an initial
membership of about twenty men,
with a probable addition from the
number of Stanford men who are
doing graduate work at Columbia
University. Among the most
prominent men in business and
professional circles are: W. H.
Reeves, '95, a successful broker;
Jackson Eli Reynolds,' 96, corpora
tion attorney in the office of the
Central Railroad of New Jersey;
Harry B. Reynolds, '96, an interne
at St. Luke's Hospital; G. H.Coch
rane, '96, formerly captain of the
Cardinal eleven, now a doctor at
Bellevue; Dr. John A. Colliver, '96;
J. M. Oskison, '98, who is on the
Century Magazine; Dr. Joseph Hil
ton, '99; C. L. Thomas, '99, son of
Congressman Thomas of Iowa; F. F.
Rogers, '99, and Paschal Smith,
'99, Wall street brokers; Chris. M.
Bradley, '01, W. M. Erb, '01, both
attending Columbia Law School;
Louis Stewart, ex-'OO; W.J. Powell,
ex-'99; N. Miller, ex-'OO; Chauncey
Thomas, ex-'99; and A. PI. Suz
zallo, '99, who is working for a
master's degree in the Teachers'
College, Columbia.
