# G.H. STUART LEAVES FOR SOCIAL SERVICE CONVENTION IN SOUTH
## 
### 
Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department will
leave tonight for Claremont where he
will attend a meeting of the Inter-
American Institute and the Pacific
Southwest Academy of which he is
secretary-treasurer.
Professor Stuart will speak at the
Saturday luncheon on a possible re
organization of the California Aca
demy of Social Sciences to become
representative of the entire Pacific
Coast. This subject is one of the main
problems of the meeting. The other
subject of the conference is Mexico,
and its relations to the United States.
Professor Stuart will preside at the
meeting Friday night which concerns
the petroleum legislation in Mexico,
and the educational legislation and
administration under the revolution.
The conference will end Saturday
night, and Stuart will return by Mon
day.
Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department will
leave tonight for Claremont where he
will attend a meeting of the Inter-
American Institute and the Pacific
Southwest Academy of which he is
secretary-treasurer.
Professor Stuart will speak at the
Saturday luncheon on a possible re
organization of the California Aca
demy of Social Sciences to become
representative of the entire Pacific
Coast. This subject is one of the main
problems of the meeting. The other
subject of the conference is Mexico,
and its relations to the United States.
Professor Stuart will preside at the
meeting Friday night which concerns
the petroleum legislation in Mexico,
and the educational legislation and
administration under the revolution.
The conference will end Saturday
night, and Stuart will return by Mon
day.
Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department will
leave tonight for Claremont where he
will attend a meeting of the Inter-
American Institute and the Pacific
Southwest Academy of which he is
secretary-treasurer.
Professor Stuart will speak at the
Saturday luncheon on a possible re
organization of the California Aca
demy of Social Sciences to become
representative of the entire Pacific
Coast. This subject is one of the main
problems of the meeting. The other
subject of the conference is Mexico,
and its relations to the United States.
Professor Stuart will preside at the
meeting Friday night which concerns
the petroleum legislation in Mexico,
and the educational legislation and
administration under the revolution.
The conference will end Saturday
night, and Stuart will return by Mon
day.
Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department will
leave tonight for Claremont where he
will attend a meeting of the Inter-
American Institute and the Pacific
Southwest Academy of which he is
secretary-treasurer.
Professor Stuart will speak at the
Saturday luncheon on a possible re
organization of the California Aca
demy of Social Sciences to become
representative of the entire Pacific
Coast. This subject is one of the main
problems of the meeting. The other
subject of the conference is Mexico,
and its relations to the United States.
Professor Stuart will preside at the
meeting Friday night which concerns
the petroleum legislation in Mexico,
and the educational legislation and
administration under the revolution.
The conference will end Saturday
night, and Stuart will return by Mon
day.
Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department will
leave tonight for Claremont where he
will attend a meeting of the Inter-
American Institute and the Pacific
Southwest Academy of which he is
secretary-treasurer.
Professor Stuart will speak at the
Saturday luncheon on a possible re
organization of the California Aca
demy of Social Sciences to become
representative of the entire Pacific
Coast. This subject is one of the main
problems of the meeting. The other
subject of the conference is Mexico,
and its relations to the United States.
Professor Stuart will preside at the
meeting Friday night which concerns
the petroleum legislation in Mexico,
and the educational legislation and
administration under the revolution.
The conference will end Saturday
night, and Stuart will return by Mon
day.
Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department will
leave tonight for Claremont where he
will attend a meeting of the Inter-
American Institute and the Pacific
Southwest Academy of which he is
secretary-treasurer.
Professor Stuart will speak at the
Saturday luncheon on a possible re
organization of the California Aca
demy of Social Sciences to become
representative of the entire Pacific
Coast. This subject is one of the main
problems of the meeting. The other
subject of the conference is Mexico,
and its relations to the United States.
Professor Stuart will preside at the
meeting Friday night which concerns
the petroleum legislation in Mexico,
and the educational legislation and
administration under the revolution.
The conference will end Saturday
night, and Stuart will return by Mon
day.
Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department will
leave tonight for Claremont where he
will attend a meeting of the Inter-
American Institute and the Pacific
Southwest Academy of which he is
secretary-treasurer.
Professor Stuart will speak at the
Saturday luncheon on a possible re
organization of the California Aca
demy of Social Sciences to become
representative of the entire Pacific
Coast. This subject is one of the main
problems of the meeting. The other
subject of the conference is Mexico,
and its relations to the United States.
Professor Stuart will preside at the
meeting Friday night which concerns
the petroleum legislation in Mexico,
and the educational legislation and
administration under the revolution.
The conference will end Saturday
night, and Stuart will return by Mon
day.
Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department will
leave tonight for Claremont where he
will attend a meeting of the Inter-
American Institute and the Pacific
Southwest Academy of which he is
secretary-treasurer.
Professor Stuart will speak at the
Saturday luncheon on a possible re
organization of the California Aca
demy of Social Sciences to become
representative of the entire Pacific
Coast. This subject is one of the main
problems of the meeting. The other
subject of the conference is Mexico,
and its relations to the United States.
Professor Stuart will preside at the
meeting Friday night which concerns
the petroleum legislation in Mexico,
and the educational legislation and
administration under the revolution.
The conference will end Saturday
night, and Stuart will return by Mon
day.
Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department will
leave tonight for Claremont where he
will attend a meeting of the Inter-
American Institute and the Pacific
Southwest Academy of which he is
secretary-treasurer.
Professor Stuart will speak at the
Saturday luncheon on a possible re
organization of the California Aca
demy of Social Sciences to become
representative of the entire Pacific
Coast. This subject is one of the main
problems of the meeting. The other
subject of the conference is Mexico,
and its relations to the United States.
Professor Stuart will preside at the
meeting Friday night which concerns
the petroleum legislation in Mexico,
and the educational legislation and
administration under the revolution.
The conference will end Saturday
night, and Stuart will return by Mon
day.
Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department will
leave tonight for Claremont where he
will attend a meeting of the Inter-
American Institute and the Pacific
Southwest Academy of which he is
secretary-treasurer.
Professor Stuart will speak at the
Saturday luncheon on a possible re
organization of the California Aca
demy of Social Sciences to become
representative of the entire Pacific
Coast. This subject is one of the main
problems of the meeting. The other
subject of the conference is Mexico,
and its relations to the United States.
Professor Stuart will preside at the
meeting Friday night which concerns
the petroleum legislation in Mexico,
and the educational legislation and
administration under the revolution.
The conference will end Saturday
night, and Stuart will return by Mon
day.
Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department will
leave tonight for Claremont where he
will attend a meeting of the Inter-
American Institute and the Pacific
Southwest Academy of which he is
secretary-treasurer.
Professor Stuart will speak at the
Saturday luncheon on a possible re
organization of the California Aca
demy of Social Sciences to become
representative of the entire Pacific
Coast. This subject is one of the main
problems of the meeting. The other
subject of the conference is Mexico,
and its relations to the United States.
Professor Stuart will preside at the
meeting Friday night which concerns
the petroleum legislation in Mexico,
and the educational legislation and
administration under the revolution.
The conference will end Saturday
night, and Stuart will return by Mon
day.
Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department will
leave tonight for Claremont where he
will attend a meeting of the Inter-
American Institute and the Pacific
Southwest Academy of which he is
secretary-treasurer.
Professor Stuart will speak at the
Saturday luncheon on a possible re
organization of the California Aca
demy of Social Sciences to become
representative of the entire Pacific
Coast. This subject is one of the main
problems of the meeting. The other
subject of the conference is Mexico,
and its relations to the United States.
Professor Stuart will preside at the
meeting Friday night which concerns
the petroleum legislation in Mexico,
and the educational legislation and
administration under the revolution.
The conference will end Saturday
night, and Stuart will return by Mon
day.
Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department will
leave tonight for Claremont where he
will attend a meeting of the Inter-
American Institute and the Pacific
Southwest Academy of which he is
secretary-treasurer.
Professor Stuart will speak at the
Saturday luncheon on a possible re
organization of the California Aca
demy of Social Sciences to become
representative of the entire Pacific
Coast. This subject is one of the main
problems of the meeting. The other
subject of the conference is Mexico,
and its relations to the United States.
Professor Stuart will preside at the
meeting Friday night which concerns
the petroleum legislation in Mexico,
and the educational legislation and
administration under the revolution.
The conference will end Saturday
night, and Stuart will return by Mon
day.
Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department will
leave tonight for Claremont where he
will attend a meeting of the Inter-
American Institute and the Pacific
Southwest Academy of which he is
secretary-treasurer.
Professor Stuart will speak at the
Saturday luncheon on a possible re
organization of the California Aca
demy of Social Sciences to become
representative of the entire Pacific
Coast. This subject is one of the main
problems of the meeting. The other
subject of the conference is Mexico,
and its relations to the United States.
Professor Stuart will preside at the
meeting Friday night which concerns
the petroleum legislation in Mexico,
and the educational legislation and
administration under the revolution.
The conference will end Saturday
night, and Stuart will return by Mon
day.
Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department will
leave tonight for Claremont where he
will attend a meeting of the Inter-
American Institute and the Pacific
Southwest Academy of which he is
secretary-treasurer.
Professor Stuart will speak at the
Saturday luncheon on a possible re
organization of the California Aca
demy of Social Sciences to become
representative of the entire Pacific
Coast. This subject is one of the main
problems of the meeting. The other
subject of the conference is Mexico,
and its relations to the United States.
Professor Stuart will preside at the
meeting Friday night which concerns
the petroleum legislation in Mexico,
and the educational legislation and
administration under the revolution.
The conference will end Saturday
night, and Stuart will return by Mon
day.
Professor Graham H. Stuart of the
Political Science department will
leave tonight for Claremont where he
will attend a meeting of the Inter-
American Institute and the Pacific
Southwest Academy of which he is
secretary-treasurer.
Professor Stuart will speak at the
Saturday luncheon on a possible re
organization of the California Aca
demy of Social Sciences to become
representative of the entire Pacific
Coast. This subject is one of the main
problems of the meeting. The other
subject of the conference is Mexico,
and its relations to the United States.
Professor Stuart will preside at the
meeting Friday night which concerns
the petroleum legislation in Mexico,
and the educational legislation and
administration under the revolution.
The conference will end Saturday
night, and Stuart will return by Mon
day.
