# BENIAMENO GIGLI
## 
### 

Beniamino Gigli, brilliant premier
tenor of the Metropolitan Grand
Opera Company, whose concert re
cital in the Pavilion tonight marks
the high point of the year's Associ
ated Students Concert Series.

Beniamino Gigli, brilliant premier
tenor of the Metropolitan Grand
Opera Company, whose concert re
cital in the Pavilion tonight marks
the high point of the year's Associ
ated Students Concert Series.

Beniamino Gigli, brilliant premier
tenor of the Metropolitan Grand
Opera Company, whose concert re
cital in the Pavilion tonight marks
the high point of the year's Associ
ated Students Concert Series.

Beniamino Gigli, brilliant premier
tenor of the Metropolitan Grand
Opera Company, whose concert re
cital in the Pavilion tonight marks
the high point of the year's Associ
ated Students Concert Series.

Beniamino Gigli, brilliant premier
tenor of the Metropolitan Grand
Opera Company, whose concert re
cital in the Pavilion tonight marks
the high point of the year's Associ
ated Students Concert Series.

Beniamino Gigli, brilliant premier
tenor of the Metropolitan Grand
Opera Company, whose concert re
cital in the Pavilion tonight marks
the high point of the year's Associ
ated Students Concert Series.

Beniamino Gigli, brilliant premier
tenor of the Metropolitan Grand
Opera Company, whose concert re
cital in the Pavilion tonight marks
the high point of the year's Associ
ated Students Concert Series.

Beniamino Gigli, brilliant premier
tenor of the Metropolitan Grand
Opera Company, whose concert re
cital in the Pavilion tonight marks
the high point of the year's Associ
ated Students Concert Series.

Beniamino Gigli, brilliant premier
tenor of the Metropolitan Grand
Opera Company, whose concert re
cital in the Pavilion tonight marks
the high point of the year's Associ
ated Students Concert Series.

Beniamino Gigli, brilliant premier
tenor of the Metropolitan Grand
Opera Company, whose concert re
cital in the Pavilion tonight marks
the high point of the year's Associ
ated Students Concert Series.

Beniamino Gigli, brilliant premier
tenor of the Metropolitan Grand
Opera Company, whose concert re
cital in the Pavilion tonight marks
the high point of the year's Associ
ated Students Concert Series.

Beniamino Gigli, brilliant premier
tenor of the Metropolitan Grand
Opera Company, whose concert re
cital in the Pavilion tonight marks
the high point of the year's Associ
ated Students Concert Series.

Beniamino Gigli, brilliant premier
tenor of the Metropolitan Grand
Opera Company, whose concert re
cital in the Pavilion tonight marks
the high point of the year's Associ
ated Students Concert Series.

Beniamino Gigli, brilliant premier
tenor of the Metropolitan Grand
Opera Company, whose concert re
cital in the Pavilion tonight marks
the high point of the year's Associ
ated Students Concert Series.

Beniamino Gigli, brilliant premier
tenor of the Metropolitan Grand
Opera Company, whose concert re
cital in the Pavilion tonight marks
the high point of the year's Associ
ated Students Concert Series.

Beniamino Gigli, brilliant premier
tenor of the Metropolitan Grand
Opera Company, whose concert re
cital in the Pavilion tonight marks
the high point of the year's Associ
ated Students Concert Series.
