# THURSDAY CHOSEN FOR "Y" CABINET MEETINGS
## 
### 
Freshman Y.W.C.A. Cabinet decided
last night to hold their meetings
hereafter on Thursday nights, since
there are too many conflicts on Wed
nesdays. The question of whether to
continue freshman discussion groups
was raised, and will be investigated.
This cabinet will meet with the Sen
ior Cabinet Tuesday night at 7:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Vocations for Women."
Freshman Y.W.C.A. Cabinet decided
last night to hold their meetings
hereafter on Thursday nights, since
there are too many conflicts on Wed
nesdays. The question of whether to
continue freshman discussion groups
was raised, and will be investigated.
This cabinet will meet with the Sen
ior Cabinet Tuesday night at 7:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Vocations for Women."
Freshman Y.W.C.A. Cabinet decided
last night to hold their meetings
hereafter on Thursday nights, since
there are too many conflicts on Wed
nesdays. The question of whether to
continue freshman discussion groups
was raised, and will be investigated.
This cabinet will meet with the Sen
ior Cabinet Tuesday night at 7:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Vocations for Women."
Freshman Y.W.C.A. Cabinet decided
last night to hold their meetings
hereafter on Thursday nights, since
there are too many conflicts on Wed
nesdays. The question of whether to
continue freshman discussion groups
was raised, and will be investigated.
This cabinet will meet with the Sen
ior Cabinet Tuesday night at 7:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Vocations for Women."
Freshman Y.W.C.A. Cabinet decided
last night to hold their meetings
hereafter on Thursday nights, since
there are too many conflicts on Wed
nesdays. The question of whether to
continue freshman discussion groups
was raised, and will be investigated.
This cabinet will meet with the Sen
ior Cabinet Tuesday night at 7:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Vocations for Women."
Freshman Y.W.C.A. Cabinet decided
last night to hold their meetings
hereafter on Thursday nights, since
there are too many conflicts on Wed
nesdays. The question of whether to
continue freshman discussion groups
was raised, and will be investigated.
This cabinet will meet with the Sen
ior Cabinet Tuesday night at 7:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Vocations for Women."
Freshman Y.W.C.A. Cabinet decided
last night to hold their meetings
hereafter on Thursday nights, since
there are too many conflicts on Wed
nesdays. The question of whether to
continue freshman discussion groups
was raised, and will be investigated.
This cabinet will meet with the Sen
ior Cabinet Tuesday night at 7:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Vocations for Women."
Freshman Y.W.C.A. Cabinet decided
last night to hold their meetings
hereafter on Thursday nights, since
there are too many conflicts on Wed
nesdays. The question of whether to
continue freshman discussion groups
was raised, and will be investigated.
This cabinet will meet with the Sen
ior Cabinet Tuesday night at 7:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Vocations for Women."
Freshman Y.W.C.A. Cabinet decided
last night to hold their meetings
hereafter on Thursday nights, since
there are too many conflicts on Wed
nesdays. The question of whether to
continue freshman discussion groups
was raised, and will be investigated.
This cabinet will meet with the Sen
ior Cabinet Tuesday night at 7:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Vocations for Women."
Freshman Y.W.C.A. Cabinet decided
last night to hold their meetings
hereafter on Thursday nights, since
there are too many conflicts on Wed
nesdays. The question of whether to
continue freshman discussion groups
was raised, and will be investigated.
This cabinet will meet with the Sen
ior Cabinet Tuesday night at 7:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Vocations for Women."
Freshman Y.W.C.A. Cabinet decided
last night to hold their meetings
hereafter on Thursday nights, since
there are too many conflicts on Wed
nesdays. The question of whether to
continue freshman discussion groups
was raised, and will be investigated.
This cabinet will meet with the Sen
ior Cabinet Tuesday night at 7:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Vocations for Women."
Freshman Y.W.C.A. Cabinet decided
last night to hold their meetings
hereafter on Thursday nights, since
there are too many conflicts on Wed
nesdays. The question of whether to
continue freshman discussion groups
was raised, and will be investigated.
This cabinet will meet with the Sen
ior Cabinet Tuesday night at 7:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Vocations for Women."
Freshman Y.W.C.A. Cabinet decided
last night to hold their meetings
hereafter on Thursday nights, since
there are too many conflicts on Wed
nesdays. The question of whether to
continue freshman discussion groups
was raised, and will be investigated.
This cabinet will meet with the Sen
ior Cabinet Tuesday night at 7:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Vocations for Women."
Freshman Y.W.C.A. Cabinet decided
last night to hold their meetings
hereafter on Thursday nights, since
there are too many conflicts on Wed
nesdays. The question of whether to
continue freshman discussion groups
was raised, and will be investigated.
This cabinet will meet with the Sen
ior Cabinet Tuesday night at 7:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Vocations for Women."
Freshman Y.W.C.A. Cabinet decided
last night to hold their meetings
hereafter on Thursday nights, since
there are too many conflicts on Wed
nesdays. The question of whether to
continue freshman discussion groups
was raised, and will be investigated.
This cabinet will meet with the Sen
ior Cabinet Tuesday night at 7:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Vocations for Women."
Freshman Y.W.C.A. Cabinet decided
last night to hold their meetings
hereafter on Thursday nights, since
there are too many conflicts on Wed
nesdays. The question of whether to
continue freshman discussion groups
was raised, and will be investigated.
This cabinet will meet with the Sen
ior Cabinet Tuesday night at 7:15
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse to
discuss "Vocations for Women."
