# Compromise on Colorado River Problem Foreseen
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb. B—(U.P.) —
At a conference of United States Sen
ators from the Colorado River states
called by him, Senator Phipps, chair
man of the Senate Irrigation and
Reclamation Committee, today sub
mitted a compromise plan for Colo
rado River development legislation,
which he says should iron out the
controversial points over which the
basin state representatives are at
present deadlocked.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B—(U.P.) —
At a conference of United States Sen
ators from the Colorado River states
called by him, Senator Phipps, chair
man of the Senate Irrigation and
Reclamation Committee, today sub
mitted a compromise plan for Colo
rado River development legislation,
which he says should iron out the
controversial points over which the
basin state representatives are at
present deadlocked.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B—(U.P.) —
At a conference of United States Sen
ators from the Colorado River states
called by him, Senator Phipps, chair
man of the Senate Irrigation and
Reclamation Committee, today sub
mitted a compromise plan for Colo
rado River development legislation,
which he says should iron out the
controversial points over which the
basin state representatives are at
present deadlocked.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B—(U.P.) —
At a conference of United States Sen
ators from the Colorado River states
called by him, Senator Phipps, chair
man of the Senate Irrigation and
Reclamation Committee, today sub
mitted a compromise plan for Colo
rado River development legislation,
which he says should iron out the
controversial points over which the
basin state representatives are at
present deadlocked.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B—(U.P.) —
At a conference of United States Sen
ators from the Colorado River states
called by him, Senator Phipps, chair
man of the Senate Irrigation and
Reclamation Committee, today sub
mitted a compromise plan for Colo
rado River development legislation,
which he says should iron out the
controversial points over which the
basin state representatives are at
present deadlocked.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B—(U.P.) —
At a conference of United States Sen
ators from the Colorado River states
called by him, Senator Phipps, chair
man of the Senate Irrigation and
Reclamation Committee, today sub
mitted a compromise plan for Colo
rado River development legislation,
which he says should iron out the
controversial points over which the
basin state representatives are at
present deadlocked.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B—(U.P.) —
At a conference of United States Sen
ators from the Colorado River states
called by him, Senator Phipps, chair
man of the Senate Irrigation and
Reclamation Committee, today sub
mitted a compromise plan for Colo
rado River development legislation,
which he says should iron out the
controversial points over which the
basin state representatives are at
present deadlocked.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B—(U.P.) —
At a conference of United States Sen
ators from the Colorado River states
called by him, Senator Phipps, chair
man of the Senate Irrigation and
Reclamation Committee, today sub
mitted a compromise plan for Colo
rado River development legislation,
which he says should iron out the
controversial points over which the
basin state representatives are at
present deadlocked.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B—(U.P.) —
At a conference of United States Sen
ators from the Colorado River states
called by him, Senator Phipps, chair
man of the Senate Irrigation and
Reclamation Committee, today sub
mitted a compromise plan for Colo
rado River development legislation,
which he says should iron out the
controversial points over which the
basin state representatives are at
present deadlocked.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B—(U.P.) —
At a conference of United States Sen
ators from the Colorado River states
called by him, Senator Phipps, chair
man of the Senate Irrigation and
Reclamation Committee, today sub
mitted a compromise plan for Colo
rado River development legislation,
which he says should iron out the
controversial points over which the
basin state representatives are at
present deadlocked.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B—(U.P.) —
At a conference of United States Sen
ators from the Colorado River states
called by him, Senator Phipps, chair
man of the Senate Irrigation and
Reclamation Committee, today sub
mitted a compromise plan for Colo
rado River development legislation,
which he says should iron out the
controversial points over which the
basin state representatives are at
present deadlocked.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B—(U.P.) —
At a conference of United States Sen
ators from the Colorado River states
called by him, Senator Phipps, chair
man of the Senate Irrigation and
Reclamation Committee, today sub
mitted a compromise plan for Colo
rado River development legislation,
which he says should iron out the
controversial points over which the
basin state representatives are at
present deadlocked.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B—(U.P.) —
At a conference of United States Sen
ators from the Colorado River states
called by him, Senator Phipps, chair
man of the Senate Irrigation and
Reclamation Committee, today sub
mitted a compromise plan for Colo
rado River development legislation,
which he says should iron out the
controversial points over which the
basin state representatives are at
present deadlocked.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B—(U.P.) —
At a conference of United States Sen
ators from the Colorado River states
called by him, Senator Phipps, chair
man of the Senate Irrigation and
Reclamation Committee, today sub
mitted a compromise plan for Colo
rado River development legislation,
which he says should iron out the
controversial points over which the
basin state representatives are at
present deadlocked.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B—(U.P.) —
At a conference of United States Sen
ators from the Colorado River states
called by him, Senator Phipps, chair
man of the Senate Irrigation and
Reclamation Committee, today sub
mitted a compromise plan for Colo
rado River development legislation,
which he says should iron out the
controversial points over which the
basin state representatives are at
present deadlocked.
WASHINGTON, Feb. B—(U.P.) —
At a conference of United States Sen
ators from the Colorado River states
called by him, Senator Phipps, chair
man of the Senate Irrigation and
Reclamation Committee, today sub
mitted a compromise plan for Colo
rado River development legislation,
which he says should iron out the
controversial points over which the
basin state representatives are at
present deadlocked.
