# Untitled Article
## 
### 
University of Oregon started spring
football practice last week under the
supervision of Coach J. J. McEwan.
University of Oregon started spring
football practice last week under the
supervision of Coach J. J. McEwan.
University of Oregon started spring
football practice last week under the
supervision of Coach J. J. McEwan.
University of Oregon started spring
football practice last week under the
supervision of Coach J. J. McEwan.
University of Oregon started spring
football practice last week under the
supervision of Coach J. J. McEwan.
University of Oregon started spring
football practice last week under the
supervision of Coach J. J. McEwan.
University of Oregon started spring
football practice last week under the
supervision of Coach J. J. McEwan.
University of Oregon started spring
football practice last week under the
supervision of Coach J. J. McEwan.
University of Oregon started spring
football practice last week under the
supervision of Coach J. J. McEwan.
University of Oregon started spring
football practice last week under the
supervision of Coach J. J. McEwan.
University of Oregon started spring
football practice last week under the
supervision of Coach J. J. McEwan.
University of Oregon started spring
football practice last week under the
supervision of Coach J. J. McEwan.
University of Oregon started spring
football practice last week under the
supervision of Coach J. J. McEwan.
University of Oregon started spring
football practice last week under the
supervision of Coach J. J. McEwan.
University of Oregon started spring
football practice last week under the
supervision of Coach J. J. McEwan.
University of Oregon started spring
football practice last week under the
supervision of Coach J. J. McEwan.
