# AID OF LEFT-HANDED STUDENTS REQUESTED IN EXPERIMENT-MILES
## 
### 
Left-handed students who are will
ing to assist in a psychological ex
periment, the purpose of which is to
determine the characteristics of left
handedness and the proper method of
dealing with it, are requested by Pro
fessor Walter R. Miles to make ap
pointments in Room 399 with the
secretary of the department of psych
ology.
"Practically everything is adjusted
for right-handed people," explained
Professor Miles, "and it is a pains
taking process for the left-handed in
dividual to adapt himself.
"There is less tendency at the pres
ent time, however, to change children
from left- to right-handedness since
there is found to be a correlation be
tween such interference and stam
mering or other defk iencies, although
their causative relations have not
been definitely determined."
