# New Campus Policeman And Gardener Appointed
## 
### 
With the appointment of Fred Frehe,
former grounds foreman and gardener,
as campus policeman. A. Nyquist will
come to the campus to continue Frehc's
work, it was announced at the business
oflice today.
Nyquist .who is a graduate of a horti
cultural school in Sweden, moved plants
for Donald McLaren at the Panama Pa
cific Kxposition and also had charge of
hardening work at the St. Louis fair.
At Stanford he will supervise garden
ing. road work, and campus laborers.
Frehe, the former ground superintend
ent. h;y; assumed his duties as campus
policeman, and will continue as repre
sentative for the treasurer of the Board
of Trustees in leasing the land of the
outlying campus districts. Frehe is also
the head of the Stanford Fire Depart
ment.
