# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Professor and Mrs. J. C. Clark have
moved from their campus home to an
apartment on Webster Street in Palo
Alto, which was vacated when Profes
sor and Mrs. H. J. Ryan moved to their
newly purchased home on Embarcadero
Road.
Professor and Mrs. J. C. Clark have
moved from their campus home to an
apartment on Webster Street in Palo
Alto, which was vacated when Profes
sor and Mrs. H. J. Ryan moved to their
newly purchased home on Embarcadero
Road.
Professor and Mrs. J. C. Clark have
moved from their campus home to an
apartment on Webster Street in Palo
Alto, which was vacated when Profes
sor and Mrs. H. J. Ryan moved to their
newly purchased home on Embarcadero
Road.
Professor and Mrs. J. C. Clark have
moved from their campus home to an
apartment on Webster Street in Palo
Alto, which was vacated when Profes
sor and Mrs. H. J. Ryan moved to their
newly purchased home on Embarcadero
Road.
Professor and Mrs. J. C. Clark have
moved from their campus home to an
apartment on Webster Street in Palo
Alto, which was vacated when Profes
sor and Mrs. H. J. Ryan moved to their
newly purchased home on Embarcadero
Road.
Professor and Mrs. J. C. Clark have
moved from their campus home to an
apartment on Webster Street in Palo
Alto, which was vacated when Profes
sor and Mrs. H. J. Ryan moved to their
newly purchased home on Embarcadero
Road.
Professor and Mrs. J. C. Clark have
moved from their campus home to an
apartment on Webster Street in Palo
Alto, which was vacated when Profes
sor and Mrs. H. J. Ryan moved to their
newly purchased home on Embarcadero
Road.
Professor and Mrs. J. C. Clark have
moved from their campus home to an
apartment on Webster Street in Palo
Alto, which was vacated when Profes
sor and Mrs. H. J. Ryan moved to their
newly purchased home on Embarcadero
Road.
Professor and Mrs. J. C. Clark have
moved from their campus home to an
apartment on Webster Street in Palo
Alto, which was vacated when Profes
sor and Mrs. H. J. Ryan moved to their
newly purchased home on Embarcadero
Road.
Professor and Mrs. J. C. Clark have
moved from their campus home to an
apartment on Webster Street in Palo
Alto, which was vacated when Profes
sor and Mrs. H. J. Ryan moved to their
newly purchased home on Embarcadero
Road.
Professor and Mrs. J. C. Clark have
moved from their campus home to an
apartment on Webster Street in Palo
Alto, which was vacated when Profes
sor and Mrs. H. J. Ryan moved to their
newly purchased home on Embarcadero
Road.
Professor and Mrs. J. C. Clark have
moved from their campus home to an
apartment on Webster Street in Palo
Alto, which was vacated when Profes
sor and Mrs. H. J. Ryan moved to their
newly purchased home on Embarcadero
Road.
