# Book Exchange Sales Triple; Texts Needed
## 
### 
Checks amounting to over $400 1
have been mailed by the A.S.S.U.
since the beginning of the quarter
to students who have left old text
books for sale at the A.S.U. book j
exchange, according to Russeli Cur
tis, managing director of the ex
change.
The exchange, started by the
American Student Union last quar
ter, has tripled its business this fall.
Approximately $200 has been saved
by students who have made their
text book purchases at the exchange
this quarter, Curtis estimates.
There are now a number of books
being used in courses this fall on
hand, but students are urged to
bring in any such books they wish
to sell. Immediate sales are prom
ised for the following: Mavor, "Gen
eral Biology"; Meyers, "Elements
of Economics"; Modlin and Mclsaac,
"Social Control of Industry"; Ander
son, "American Government"; and
Cushman, "Leading Constitutional
Decisions."
Checks amounting to over $400 1
have been mailed by the A.S.S.U.
since the beginning of the quarter
to students who have left old text
books for sale at the A.S.U. book j
exchange, according to Russeli Cur
tis, managing director of the ex
change.
The exchange, started by the
American Student Union last quar
ter, has tripled its business this fall.
Approximately $200 has been saved
by students who have made their
text book purchases at the exchange
this quarter, Curtis estimates.
There are now a number of books
being used in courses this fall on
hand, but students are urged to
bring in any such books they wish
to sell. Immediate sales are prom
ised for the following: Mavor, "Gen
eral Biology"; Meyers, "Elements
of Economics"; Modlin and Mclsaac,
"Social Control of Industry"; Ander
son, "American Government"; and
Cushman, "Leading Constitutional
Decisions."
Checks amounting to over $400 1
have been mailed by the A.S.S.U.
since the beginning of the quarter
to students who have left old text
books for sale at the A.S.U. book j
exchange, according to Russeli Cur
tis, managing director of the ex
change.
The exchange, started by the
American Student Union last quar
ter, has tripled its business this fall.
Approximately $200 has been saved
by students who have made their
text book purchases at the exchange
this quarter, Curtis estimates.
There are now a number of books
being used in courses this fall on
hand, but students are urged to
bring in any such books they wish
to sell. Immediate sales are prom
ised for the following: Mavor, "Gen
eral Biology"; Meyers, "Elements
of Economics"; Modlin and Mclsaac,
"Social Control of Industry"; Ander
son, "American Government"; and
Cushman, "Leading Constitutional
Decisions."
Checks amounting to over $400 1
have been mailed by the A.S.S.U.
since the beginning of the quarter
to students who have left old text
books for sale at the A.S.U. book j
exchange, according to Russeli Cur
tis, managing director of the ex
change.
The exchange, started by the
American Student Union last quar
ter, has tripled its business this fall.
Approximately $200 has been saved
by students who have made their
text book purchases at the exchange
this quarter, Curtis estimates.
There are now a number of books
being used in courses this fall on
hand, but students are urged to
bring in any such books they wish
to sell. Immediate sales are prom
ised for the following: Mavor, "Gen
eral Biology"; Meyers, "Elements
of Economics"; Modlin and Mclsaac,
"Social Control of Industry"; Ander
son, "American Government"; and
Cushman, "Leading Constitutional
Decisions."
Checks amounting to over $400 1
have been mailed by the A.S.S.U.
since the beginning of the quarter
to students who have left old text
books for sale at the A.S.U. book j
exchange, according to Russeli Cur
tis, managing director of the ex
change.
The exchange, started by the
American Student Union last quar
ter, has tripled its business this fall.
Approximately $200 has been saved
by students who have made their
text book purchases at the exchange
this quarter, Curtis estimates.
There are now a number of books
being used in courses this fall on
hand, but students are urged to
bring in any such books they wish
to sell. Immediate sales are prom
ised for the following: Mavor, "Gen
eral Biology"; Meyers, "Elements
of Economics"; Modlin and Mclsaac,
"Social Control of Industry"; Ander
son, "American Government"; and
Cushman, "Leading Constitutional
Decisions."
Checks amounting to over $400 1
have been mailed by the A.S.S.U.
since the beginning of the quarter
to students who have left old text
books for sale at the A.S.U. book j
exchange, according to Russeli Cur
tis, managing director of the ex
change.
The exchange, started by the
American Student Union last quar
ter, has tripled its business this fall.
Approximately $200 has been saved
by students who have made their
text book purchases at the exchange
this quarter, Curtis estimates.
There are now a number of books
being used in courses this fall on
hand, but students are urged to
bring in any such books they wish
to sell. Immediate sales are prom
ised for the following: Mavor, "Gen
eral Biology"; Meyers, "Elements
of Economics"; Modlin and Mclsaac,
"Social Control of Industry"; Ander
son, "American Government"; and
Cushman, "Leading Constitutional
Decisions."
Checks amounting to over $400 1
have been mailed by the A.S.S.U.
since the beginning of the quarter
to students who have left old text
books for sale at the A.S.U. book j
exchange, according to Russeli Cur
tis, managing director of the ex
change.
The exchange, started by the
American Student Union last quar
ter, has tripled its business this fall.
Approximately $200 has been saved
by students who have made their
text book purchases at the exchange
this quarter, Curtis estimates.
There are now a number of books
being used in courses this fall on
hand, but students are urged to
bring in any such books they wish
to sell. Immediate sales are prom
ised for the following: Mavor, "Gen
eral Biology"; Meyers, "Elements
of Economics"; Modlin and Mclsaac,
"Social Control of Industry"; Ander
son, "American Government"; and
Cushman, "Leading Constitutional
Decisions."
Checks amounting to over $400 1
have been mailed by the A.S.S.U.
since the beginning of the quarter
to students who have left old text
books for sale at the A.S.U. book j
exchange, according to Russeli Cur
tis, managing director of the ex
change.
The exchange, started by the
American Student Union last quar
ter, has tripled its business this fall.
Approximately $200 has been saved
by students who have made their
text book purchases at the exchange
this quarter, Curtis estimates.
There are now a number of books
being used in courses this fall on
hand, but students are urged to
bring in any such books they wish
to sell. Immediate sales are prom
ised for the following: Mavor, "Gen
eral Biology"; Meyers, "Elements
of Economics"; Modlin and Mclsaac,
"Social Control of Industry"; Ander
son, "American Government"; and
Cushman, "Leading Constitutional
Decisions."
Checks amounting to over $400 1
have been mailed by the A.S.S.U.
since the beginning of the quarter
to students who have left old text
books for sale at the A.S.U. book j
exchange, according to Russeli Cur
tis, managing director of the ex
change.
The exchange, started by the
American Student Union last quar
ter, has tripled its business this fall.
Approximately $200 has been saved
by students who have made their
text book purchases at the exchange
this quarter, Curtis estimates.
There are now a number of books
being used in courses this fall on
hand, but students are urged to
bring in any such books they wish
to sell. Immediate sales are prom
ised for the following: Mavor, "Gen
eral Biology"; Meyers, "Elements
of Economics"; Modlin and Mclsaac,
"Social Control of Industry"; Ander
son, "American Government"; and
Cushman, "Leading Constitutional
Decisions."
Checks amounting to over $400 1
have been mailed by the A.S.S.U.
since the beginning of the quarter
to students who have left old text
books for sale at the A.S.U. book j
exchange, according to Russeli Cur
tis, managing director of the ex
change.
The exchange, started by the
American Student Union last quar
ter, has tripled its business this fall.
Approximately $200 has been saved
by students who have made their
text book purchases at the exchange
this quarter, Curtis estimates.
There are now a number of books
being used in courses this fall on
hand, but students are urged to
bring in any such books they wish
to sell. Immediate sales are prom
ised for the following: Mavor, "Gen
eral Biology"; Meyers, "Elements
of Economics"; Modlin and Mclsaac,
"Social Control of Industry"; Ander
son, "American Government"; and
Cushman, "Leading Constitutional
Decisions."
Checks amounting to over $400 1
have been mailed by the A.S.S.U.
since the beginning of the quarter
to students who have left old text
books for sale at the A.S.U. book j
exchange, according to Russeli Cur
tis, managing director of the ex
change.
The exchange, started by the
American Student Union last quar
ter, has tripled its business this fall.
Approximately $200 has been saved
by students who have made their
text book purchases at the exchange
this quarter, Curtis estimates.
There are now a number of books
being used in courses this fall on
hand, but students are urged to
bring in any such books they wish
to sell. Immediate sales are prom
ised for the following: Mavor, "Gen
eral Biology"; Meyers, "Elements
of Economics"; Modlin and Mclsaac,
"Social Control of Industry"; Ander
son, "American Government"; and
Cushman, "Leading Constitutional
Decisions."
Checks amounting to over $400 1
have been mailed by the A.S.S.U.
since the beginning of the quarter
to students who have left old text
books for sale at the A.S.U. book j
exchange, according to Russeli Cur
tis, managing director of the ex
change.
The exchange, started by the
American Student Union last quar
ter, has tripled its business this fall.
Approximately $200 has been saved
by students who have made their
text book purchases at the exchange
this quarter, Curtis estimates.
There are now a number of books
being used in courses this fall on
hand, but students are urged to
bring in any such books they wish
to sell. Immediate sales are prom
ised for the following: Mavor, "Gen
eral Biology"; Meyers, "Elements
of Economics"; Modlin and Mclsaac,
"Social Control of Industry"; Ander
son, "American Government"; and
Cushman, "Leading Constitutional
Decisions."
Checks amounting to over $400 1
have been mailed by the A.S.S.U.
since the beginning of the quarter
to students who have left old text
books for sale at the A.S.U. book j
exchange, according to Russeli Cur
tis, managing director of the ex
change.
The exchange, started by the
American Student Union last quar
ter, has tripled its business this fall.
Approximately $200 has been saved
by students who have made their
text book purchases at the exchange
this quarter, Curtis estimates.
There are now a number of books
being used in courses this fall on
hand, but students are urged to
bring in any such books they wish
to sell. Immediate sales are prom
ised for the following: Mavor, "Gen
eral Biology"; Meyers, "Elements
of Economics"; Modlin and Mclsaac,
"Social Control of Industry"; Ander
son, "American Government"; and
Cushman, "Leading Constitutional
Decisions."
Checks amounting to over $400 1
have been mailed by the A.S.S.U.
since the beginning of the quarter
to students who have left old text
books for sale at the A.S.U. book j
exchange, according to Russeli Cur
tis, managing director of the ex
change.
The exchange, started by the
American Student Union last quar
ter, has tripled its business this fall.
Approximately $200 has been saved
by students who have made their
text book purchases at the exchange
this quarter, Curtis estimates.
There are now a number of books
being used in courses this fall on
hand, but students are urged to
bring in any such books they wish
to sell. Immediate sales are prom
ised for the following: Mavor, "Gen
eral Biology"; Meyers, "Elements
of Economics"; Modlin and Mclsaac,
"Social Control of Industry"; Ander
son, "American Government"; and
Cushman, "Leading Constitutional
Decisions."
Checks amounting to over $400 1
have been mailed by the A.S.S.U.
since the beginning of the quarter
to students who have left old text
books for sale at the A.S.U. book j
exchange, according to Russeli Cur
tis, managing director of the ex
change.
The exchange, started by the
American Student Union last quar
ter, has tripled its business this fall.
Approximately $200 has been saved
by students who have made their
text book purchases at the exchange
this quarter, Curtis estimates.
There are now a number of books
being used in courses this fall on
hand, but students are urged to
bring in any such books they wish
to sell. Immediate sales are prom
ised for the following: Mavor, "Gen
eral Biology"; Meyers, "Elements
of Economics"; Modlin and Mclsaac,
"Social Control of Industry"; Ander
son, "American Government"; and
Cushman, "Leading Constitutional
Decisions."
Checks amounting to over $400 1
have been mailed by the A.S.S.U.
since the beginning of the quarter
to students who have left old text
books for sale at the A.S.U. book j
exchange, according to Russeli Cur
tis, managing director of the ex
change.
The exchange, started by the
American Student Union last quar
ter, has tripled its business this fall.
Approximately $200 has been saved
by students who have made their
text book purchases at the exchange
this quarter, Curtis estimates.
There are now a number of books
being used in courses this fall on
hand, but students are urged to
bring in any such books they wish
to sell. Immediate sales are prom
ised for the following: Mavor, "Gen
eral Biology"; Meyers, "Elements
of Economics"; Modlin and Mclsaac,
"Social Control of Industry"; Ander
son, "American Government"; and
Cushman, "Leading Constitutional
Decisions."
