# EYE DEFECTS COMMON
## 
### 
EigHty-two of every 100 persor
under 60 years of age and 23 <
every 100 under 10 are said to hav
defective eyesight.
Under the federal farm program
farmer may earn $3 an acre h
planting and turning under wint(
cover crops.
EigHty-two of every 100 persor
under 60 years of age and 23 <
every 100 under 10 are said to hav
defective eyesight.
Under the federal farm program
farmer may earn $3 an acre h
planting and turning under wint(
cover crops.
EigHty-two of every 100 persor
under 60 years of age and 23 <
every 100 under 10 are said to hav
defective eyesight.
Under the federal farm program
farmer may earn $3 an acre h
planting and turning under wint(
cover crops.
EigHty-two of every 100 persor
under 60 years of age and 23 <
every 100 under 10 are said to hav
defective eyesight.
Under the federal farm program
farmer may earn $3 an acre h
planting and turning under wint(
cover crops.
EigHty-two of every 100 persor
under 60 years of age and 23 <
every 100 under 10 are said to hav
defective eyesight.
Under the federal farm program
farmer may earn $3 an acre h
planting and turning under wint(
cover crops.
EigHty-two of every 100 persor
under 60 years of age and 23 <
every 100 under 10 are said to hav
defective eyesight.
Under the federal farm program
farmer may earn $3 an acre h
planting and turning under wint(
cover crops.
EigHty-two of every 100 persor
under 60 years of age and 23 <
every 100 under 10 are said to hav
defective eyesight.
Under the federal farm program
farmer may earn $3 an acre h
planting and turning under wint(
cover crops.
EigHty-two of every 100 persor
under 60 years of age and 23 <
every 100 under 10 are said to hav
defective eyesight.
Under the federal farm program
farmer may earn $3 an acre h
planting and turning under wint(
cover crops.
EigHty-two of every 100 persor
under 60 years of age and 23 <
every 100 under 10 are said to hav
defective eyesight.
Under the federal farm program
farmer may earn $3 an acre h
planting and turning under wint(
cover crops.
EigHty-two of every 100 persor
under 60 years of age and 23 <
every 100 under 10 are said to hav
defective eyesight.
Under the federal farm program
farmer may earn $3 an acre h
planting and turning under wint(
cover crops.
EigHty-two of every 100 persor
under 60 years of age and 23 <
every 100 under 10 are said to hav
defective eyesight.
Under the federal farm program
farmer may earn $3 an acre h
planting and turning under wint(
cover crops.
EigHty-two of every 100 persor
under 60 years of age and 23 <
every 100 under 10 are said to hav
defective eyesight.
Under the federal farm program
farmer may earn $3 an acre h
planting and turning under wint(
cover crops.
EigHty-two of every 100 persor
under 60 years of age and 23 <
every 100 under 10 are said to hav
defective eyesight.
Under the federal farm program
farmer may earn $3 an acre h
planting and turning under wint(
cover crops.
EigHty-two of every 100 persor
under 60 years of age and 23 <
every 100 under 10 are said to hav
defective eyesight.
Under the federal farm program
farmer may earn $3 an acre h
planting and turning under wint(
cover crops.
EigHty-two of every 100 persor
under 60 years of age and 23 <
every 100 under 10 are said to hav
defective eyesight.
Under the federal farm program
farmer may earn $3 an acre h
planting and turning under wint(
cover crops.
EigHty-two of every 100 persor
under 60 years of age and 23 <
every 100 under 10 are said to hav
defective eyesight.
Under the federal farm program
farmer may earn $3 an acre h
planting and turning under wint(
cover crops.
