# DINNER POSTPONED
## 
### 
The annual Women's Athletic A:
sociation dinner at Roble, original
scheduled for last night, has be<
postponed until next Thursday, a
cording to Nancy Hurst, W A
president. A program of skits to fo
low the dinner is being arranged I
Barbara Sweetland.
The annual Women's Athletic A:
sociation dinner at Roble, original
scheduled for last night, has be<
postponed until next Thursday, a
cording to Nancy Hurst, W A
president. A program of skits to fo
low the dinner is being arranged I
Barbara Sweetland.
The annual Women's Athletic A:
sociation dinner at Roble, original
scheduled for last night, has be<
postponed until next Thursday, a
cording to Nancy Hurst, W A
president. A program of skits to fo
low the dinner is being arranged I
Barbara Sweetland.
The annual Women's Athletic A:
sociation dinner at Roble, original
scheduled for last night, has be<
postponed until next Thursday, a
cording to Nancy Hurst, W A
president. A program of skits to fo
low the dinner is being arranged I
Barbara Sweetland.
The annual Women's Athletic A:
sociation dinner at Roble, original
scheduled for last night, has be<
postponed until next Thursday, a
cording to Nancy Hurst, W A
president. A program of skits to fo
low the dinner is being arranged I
Barbara Sweetland.
The annual Women's Athletic A:
sociation dinner at Roble, original
scheduled for last night, has be<
postponed until next Thursday, a
cording to Nancy Hurst, W A
president. A program of skits to fo
low the dinner is being arranged I
Barbara Sweetland.
The annual Women's Athletic A:
sociation dinner at Roble, original
scheduled for last night, has be<
postponed until next Thursday, a
cording to Nancy Hurst, W A
president. A program of skits to fo
low the dinner is being arranged I
Barbara Sweetland.
The annual Women's Athletic A:
sociation dinner at Roble, original
scheduled for last night, has be<
postponed until next Thursday, a
cording to Nancy Hurst, W A
president. A program of skits to fo
low the dinner is being arranged I
Barbara Sweetland.
The annual Women's Athletic A:
sociation dinner at Roble, original
scheduled for last night, has be<
postponed until next Thursday, a
cording to Nancy Hurst, W A
president. A program of skits to fo
low the dinner is being arranged I
Barbara Sweetland.
The annual Women's Athletic A:
sociation dinner at Roble, original
scheduled for last night, has be<
postponed until next Thursday, a
cording to Nancy Hurst, W A
president. A program of skits to fo
low the dinner is being arranged I
Barbara Sweetland.
The annual Women's Athletic A:
sociation dinner at Roble, original
scheduled for last night, has be<
postponed until next Thursday, a
cording to Nancy Hurst, W A
president. A program of skits to fo
low the dinner is being arranged I
Barbara Sweetland.
The annual Women's Athletic A:
sociation dinner at Roble, original
scheduled for last night, has be<
postponed until next Thursday, a
cording to Nancy Hurst, W A
president. A program of skits to fo
low the dinner is being arranged I
Barbara Sweetland.
The annual Women's Athletic A:
sociation dinner at Roble, original
scheduled for last night, has be<
postponed until next Thursday, a
cording to Nancy Hurst, W A
president. A program of skits to fo
low the dinner is being arranged I
Barbara Sweetland.
The annual Women's Athletic A:
sociation dinner at Roble, original
scheduled for last night, has be<
postponed until next Thursday, a
cording to Nancy Hurst, W A
president. A program of skits to fo
low the dinner is being arranged I
Barbara Sweetland.
The annual Women's Athletic A:
sociation dinner at Roble, original
scheduled for last night, has be<
postponed until next Thursday, a
cording to Nancy Hurst, W A
president. A program of skits to fo
low the dinner is being arranged I
Barbara Sweetland.
The annual Women's Athletic A:
sociation dinner at Roble, original
scheduled for last night, has be<
postponed until next Thursday, a
cording to Nancy Hurst, W A
president. A program of skits to fo
low the dinner is being arranged I
Barbara Sweetland.
