# Soccer Squad Shows Promise
## 
### 
With the most promising squad in
years scrimmaging in a spirited
workout yesterday afternoon, the
outlook for Stanford's varsity soccer
team's recapturing the California
Intercollegiate Soccer championship
appeared definitely on the brighter
side to Coach Harry Maloney.
Two deep at every position with
lettermen or varsity material from
last year, the squad shapes up as
probably the best the Farm has
boasted of in several years. At pres-
ent the soccermen are getting in
shape for their first conference
joust, Oct. 11, with Menlo Junior
College.
Veteran players who reported for
yesterday's first practice are Bill
Arrasmith. Wilson Clark, Ken Cuth-
bertson, George Dole, Bob Hamilton,
Emelio de Jauregui, George LaNicca,
Paul Lundbeck, Dave MacKenzie,
Rudy Munzer, Al Pellas, Cameron
Pierce, Ned Pugh, Tito Sanz-Agero,
and Chris Santum.
With the most promising squad in
years scrimmaging in a spirited
workout yesterday afternoon, the
outlook for Stanford's varsity soccer
team's recapturing the California
Intercollegiate Soccer championship
appeared definitely on the brighter
side to Coach Harry Maloney.
Two deep at every position with
lettermen or varsity material from
last year, the squad shapes up as
probably the best the Farm has
boasted of in several years. At pres-
ent the soccermen are getting in
shape for their first conference
joust, Oct. 11, with Menlo Junior
College.
Veteran players who reported for
yesterday's first practice are Bill
Arrasmith. Wilson Clark, Ken Cuth-
bertson, George Dole, Bob Hamilton,
Emelio de Jauregui, George LaNicca,
Paul Lundbeck, Dave MacKenzie,
Rudy Munzer, Al Pellas, Cameron
Pierce, Ned Pugh, Tito Sanz-Agero,
and Chris Santum.
With the most promising squad in
years scrimmaging in a spirited
workout yesterday afternoon, the
outlook for Stanford's varsity soccer
team's recapturing the California
Intercollegiate Soccer championship
appeared definitely on the brighter
side to Coach Harry Maloney.
Two deep at every position with
lettermen or varsity material from
last year, the squad shapes up as
probably the best the Farm has
boasted of in several years. At pres-
ent the soccermen are getting in
shape for their first conference
joust, Oct. 11, with Menlo Junior
College.
Veteran players who reported for
yesterday's first practice are Bill
Arrasmith. Wilson Clark, Ken Cuth-
bertson, George Dole, Bob Hamilton,
Emelio de Jauregui, George LaNicca,
Paul Lundbeck, Dave MacKenzie,
Rudy Munzer, Al Pellas, Cameron
Pierce, Ned Pugh, Tito Sanz-Agero,
and Chris Santum.
With the most promising squad in
years scrimmaging in a spirited
workout yesterday afternoon, the
outlook for Stanford's varsity soccer
team's recapturing the California
Intercollegiate Soccer championship
appeared definitely on the brighter
side to Coach Harry Maloney.
Two deep at every position with
lettermen or varsity material from
last year, the squad shapes up as
probably the best the Farm has
boasted of in several years. At pres-
ent the soccermen are getting in
shape for their first conference
joust, Oct. 11, with Menlo Junior
College.
Veteran players who reported for
yesterday's first practice are Bill
Arrasmith. Wilson Clark, Ken Cuth-
bertson, George Dole, Bob Hamilton,
Emelio de Jauregui, George LaNicca,
Paul Lundbeck, Dave MacKenzie,
Rudy Munzer, Al Pellas, Cameron
Pierce, Ned Pugh, Tito Sanz-Agero,
and Chris Santum.
With the most promising squad in
years scrimmaging in a spirited
workout yesterday afternoon, the
outlook for Stanford's varsity soccer
team's recapturing the California
Intercollegiate Soccer championship
appeared definitely on the brighter
side to Coach Harry Maloney.
Two deep at every position with
lettermen or varsity material from
last year, the squad shapes up as
probably the best the Farm has
boasted of in several years. At pres-
ent the soccermen are getting in
shape for their first conference
joust, Oct. 11, with Menlo Junior
College.
Veteran players who reported for
yesterday's first practice are Bill
Arrasmith. Wilson Clark, Ken Cuth-
bertson, George Dole, Bob Hamilton,
Emelio de Jauregui, George LaNicca,
Paul Lundbeck, Dave MacKenzie,
Rudy Munzer, Al Pellas, Cameron
Pierce, Ned Pugh, Tito Sanz-Agero,
and Chris Santum.
With the most promising squad in
years scrimmaging in a spirited
workout yesterday afternoon, the
outlook for Stanford's varsity soccer
team's recapturing the California
Intercollegiate Soccer championship
appeared definitely on the brighter
side to Coach Harry Maloney.
Two deep at every position with
lettermen or varsity material from
last year, the squad shapes up as
probably the best the Farm has
boasted of in several years. At pres-
ent the soccermen are getting in
shape for their first conference
joust, Oct. 11, with Menlo Junior
College.
Veteran players who reported for
yesterday's first practice are Bill
Arrasmith. Wilson Clark, Ken Cuth-
bertson, George Dole, Bob Hamilton,
Emelio de Jauregui, George LaNicca,
Paul Lundbeck, Dave MacKenzie,
Rudy Munzer, Al Pellas, Cameron
Pierce, Ned Pugh, Tito Sanz-Agero,
and Chris Santum.
With the most promising squad in
years scrimmaging in a spirited
workout yesterday afternoon, the
outlook for Stanford's varsity soccer
team's recapturing the California
Intercollegiate Soccer championship
appeared definitely on the brighter
side to Coach Harry Maloney.
Two deep at every position with
lettermen or varsity material from
last year, the squad shapes up as
probably the best the Farm has
boasted of in several years. At pres-
ent the soccermen are getting in
shape for their first conference
joust, Oct. 11, with Menlo Junior
College.
Veteran players who reported for
yesterday's first practice are Bill
Arrasmith. Wilson Clark, Ken Cuth-
bertson, George Dole, Bob Hamilton,
Emelio de Jauregui, George LaNicca,
Paul Lundbeck, Dave MacKenzie,
Rudy Munzer, Al Pellas, Cameron
Pierce, Ned Pugh, Tito Sanz-Agero,
and Chris Santum.
With the most promising squad in
years scrimmaging in a spirited
workout yesterday afternoon, the
outlook for Stanford's varsity soccer
team's recapturing the California
Intercollegiate Soccer championship
appeared definitely on the brighter
side to Coach Harry Maloney.
Two deep at every position with
lettermen or varsity material from
last year, the squad shapes up as
probably the best the Farm has
boasted of in several years. At pres-
ent the soccermen are getting in
shape for their first conference
joust, Oct. 11, with Menlo Junior
College.
Veteran players who reported for
yesterday's first practice are Bill
Arrasmith. Wilson Clark, Ken Cuth-
bertson, George Dole, Bob Hamilton,
Emelio de Jauregui, George LaNicca,
Paul Lundbeck, Dave MacKenzie,
Rudy Munzer, Al Pellas, Cameron
Pierce, Ned Pugh, Tito Sanz-Agero,
and Chris Santum.
With the most promising squad in
years scrimmaging in a spirited
workout yesterday afternoon, the
outlook for Stanford's varsity soccer
team's recapturing the California
Intercollegiate Soccer championship
appeared definitely on the brighter
side to Coach Harry Maloney.
Two deep at every position with
lettermen or varsity material from
last year, the squad shapes up as
probably the best the Farm has
boasted of in several years. At pres-
ent the soccermen are getting in
shape for their first conference
joust, Oct. 11, with Menlo Junior
College.
Veteran players who reported for
yesterday's first practice are Bill
Arrasmith. Wilson Clark, Ken Cuth-
bertson, George Dole, Bob Hamilton,
Emelio de Jauregui, George LaNicca,
Paul Lundbeck, Dave MacKenzie,
Rudy Munzer, Al Pellas, Cameron
Pierce, Ned Pugh, Tito Sanz-Agero,
and Chris Santum.
With the most promising squad in
years scrimmaging in a spirited
workout yesterday afternoon, the
outlook for Stanford's varsity soccer
team's recapturing the California
Intercollegiate Soccer championship
appeared definitely on the brighter
side to Coach Harry Maloney.
Two deep at every position with
lettermen or varsity material from
last year, the squad shapes up as
probably the best the Farm has
boasted of in several years. At pres-
ent the soccermen are getting in
shape for their first conference
joust, Oct. 11, with Menlo Junior
College.
Veteran players who reported for
yesterday's first practice are Bill
Arrasmith. Wilson Clark, Ken Cuth-
bertson, George Dole, Bob Hamilton,
Emelio de Jauregui, George LaNicca,
Paul Lundbeck, Dave MacKenzie,
Rudy Munzer, Al Pellas, Cameron
Pierce, Ned Pugh, Tito Sanz-Agero,
and Chris Santum.
With the most promising squad in
years scrimmaging in a spirited
workout yesterday afternoon, the
outlook for Stanford's varsity soccer
team's recapturing the California
Intercollegiate Soccer championship
appeared definitely on the brighter
side to Coach Harry Maloney.
Two deep at every position with
lettermen or varsity material from
last year, the squad shapes up as
probably the best the Farm has
boasted of in several years. At pres-
ent the soccermen are getting in
shape for their first conference
joust, Oct. 11, with Menlo Junior
College.
Veteran players who reported for
yesterday's first practice are Bill
Arrasmith. Wilson Clark, Ken Cuth-
bertson, George Dole, Bob Hamilton,
Emelio de Jauregui, George LaNicca,
Paul Lundbeck, Dave MacKenzie,
Rudy Munzer, Al Pellas, Cameron
Pierce, Ned Pugh, Tito Sanz-Agero,
and Chris Santum.
With the most promising squad in
years scrimmaging in a spirited
workout yesterday afternoon, the
outlook for Stanford's varsity soccer
team's recapturing the California
Intercollegiate Soccer championship
appeared definitely on the brighter
side to Coach Harry Maloney.
Two deep at every position with
lettermen or varsity material from
last year, the squad shapes up as
probably the best the Farm has
boasted of in several years. At pres-
ent the soccermen are getting in
shape for their first conference
joust, Oct. 11, with Menlo Junior
College.
Veteran players who reported for
yesterday's first practice are Bill
Arrasmith. Wilson Clark, Ken Cuth-
bertson, George Dole, Bob Hamilton,
Emelio de Jauregui, George LaNicca,
Paul Lundbeck, Dave MacKenzie,
Rudy Munzer, Al Pellas, Cameron
Pierce, Ned Pugh, Tito Sanz-Agero,
and Chris Santum.
With the most promising squad in
years scrimmaging in a spirited
workout yesterday afternoon, the
outlook for Stanford's varsity soccer
team's recapturing the California
Intercollegiate Soccer championship
appeared definitely on the brighter
side to Coach Harry Maloney.
Two deep at every position with
lettermen or varsity material from
last year, the squad shapes up as
probably the best the Farm has
boasted of in several years. At pres-
ent the soccermen are getting in
shape for their first conference
joust, Oct. 11, with Menlo Junior
College.
Veteran players who reported for
yesterday's first practice are Bill
Arrasmith. Wilson Clark, Ken Cuth-
bertson, George Dole, Bob Hamilton,
Emelio de Jauregui, George LaNicca,
Paul Lundbeck, Dave MacKenzie,
Rudy Munzer, Al Pellas, Cameron
Pierce, Ned Pugh, Tito Sanz-Agero,
and Chris Santum.
With the most promising squad in
years scrimmaging in a spirited
workout yesterday afternoon, the
outlook for Stanford's varsity soccer
team's recapturing the California
Intercollegiate Soccer championship
appeared definitely on the brighter
side to Coach Harry Maloney.
Two deep at every position with
lettermen or varsity material from
last year, the squad shapes up as
probably the best the Farm has
boasted of in several years. At pres-
ent the soccermen are getting in
shape for their first conference
joust, Oct. 11, with Menlo Junior
College.
Veteran players who reported for
yesterday's first practice are Bill
Arrasmith. Wilson Clark, Ken Cuth-
bertson, George Dole, Bob Hamilton,
Emelio de Jauregui, George LaNicca,
Paul Lundbeck, Dave MacKenzie,
Rudy Munzer, Al Pellas, Cameron
Pierce, Ned Pugh, Tito Sanz-Agero,
and Chris Santum.
With the most promising squad in
years scrimmaging in a spirited
workout yesterday afternoon, the
outlook for Stanford's varsity soccer
team's recapturing the California
Intercollegiate Soccer championship
appeared definitely on the brighter
side to Coach Harry Maloney.
Two deep at every position with
lettermen or varsity material from
last year, the squad shapes up as
probably the best the Farm has
boasted of in several years. At pres-
ent the soccermen are getting in
shape for their first conference
joust, Oct. 11, with Menlo Junior
College.
Veteran players who reported for
yesterday's first practice are Bill
Arrasmith. Wilson Clark, Ken Cuth-
bertson, George Dole, Bob Hamilton,
Emelio de Jauregui, George LaNicca,
Paul Lundbeck, Dave MacKenzie,
Rudy Munzer, Al Pellas, Cameron
Pierce, Ned Pugh, Tito Sanz-Agero,
and Chris Santum.
With the most promising squad in
years scrimmaging in a spirited
workout yesterday afternoon, the
outlook for Stanford's varsity soccer
team's recapturing the California
Intercollegiate Soccer championship
appeared definitely on the brighter
side to Coach Harry Maloney.
Two deep at every position with
lettermen or varsity material from
last year, the squad shapes up as
probably the best the Farm has
boasted of in several years. At pres-
ent the soccermen are getting in
shape for their first conference
joust, Oct. 11, with Menlo Junior
College.
Veteran players who reported for
yesterday's first practice are Bill
Arrasmith. Wilson Clark, Ken Cuth-
bertson, George Dole, Bob Hamilton,
Emelio de Jauregui, George LaNicca,
Paul Lundbeck, Dave MacKenzie,
Rudy Munzer, Al Pellas, Cameron
Pierce, Ned Pugh, Tito Sanz-Agero,
and Chris Santum.
