# Adv. 20 Page 8
## 
### 
WHAT BETTER
TRIBUTE THAN THE
CURE OF CANCER?
Honor your loved ones by
making their memory part of
our best efforts to defeat
cancer. What better tribute
can there be?
For more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
Vcancer
? SOCIETY'
WHAT BETTER
TRIBUTE THAN THE
CURE OF CANCER?
Honor your loved ones by
making their memory part of
our best efforts to defeat
cancer. What better tribute
can there be?
For more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
Vcancer
? SOCIETY'
WHAT BETTER
TRIBUTE THAN THE
CURE OF CANCER?
Honor your loved ones by
making their memory part of
our best efforts to defeat
cancer. What better tribute
can there be?
For more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
Vcancer
? SOCIETY'
WHAT BETTER
TRIBUTE THAN THE
CURE OF CANCER?
Honor your loved ones by
making their memory part of
our best efforts to defeat
cancer. What better tribute
can there be?
For more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
Vcancer
? SOCIETY'
WHAT BETTER
TRIBUTE THAN THE
CURE OF CANCER?
Honor your loved ones by
making their memory part of
our best efforts to defeat
cancer. What better tribute
can there be?
For more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
Vcancer
? SOCIETY'
WHAT BETTER
TRIBUTE THAN THE
CURE OF CANCER?
Honor your loved ones by
making their memory part of
our best efforts to defeat
cancer. What better tribute
can there be?
For more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
Vcancer
? SOCIETY'
WHAT BETTER
TRIBUTE THAN THE
CURE OF CANCER?
Honor your loved ones by
making their memory part of
our best efforts to defeat
cancer. What better tribute
can there be?
For more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
Vcancer
? SOCIETY'
WHAT BETTER
TRIBUTE THAN THE
CURE OF CANCER?
Honor your loved ones by
making their memory part of
our best efforts to defeat
cancer. What better tribute
can there be?
For more information, contact
your local American Cancer
Society.
AMERICAN
Vcancer
? SOCIETY'
