# Iranians Win Again
## 
### 
With balls flying into trees, and
bodies flying across the grass
court, Sunday's International
Volleyball Tournament semifinals
were not what you might expect.
For example, when one player
spiked the ball into the bushes
after the second volley, everyone
joined in the hunt for the lost
ball.
In the cool breezes behind the
Bechtel International Center, the
Iranians routed their French
Canadian opponents 15-4, 15-2,
5-15 and 15-5
The third game? The
Canadians, who call themselves
Les Quebecois, became the first
team in the tournament to win a
game from the Iranians after one
of their wives bet an Iranian
rooter a dollar in the middle of
the third game. The extra
incentive helped the Canadians

win that game.
Wanting a little incentive of
their own, the Iranians promptly
challenged the Canadians to a $20
bet on the match, but received no
takers.
Amidst cheers of Besalamati
(which means cheers in Iranian)
and C'est Bon ("that's good" in
French), Iran clobbered Les
yuebecois in the final game.
Afterwards, the Iranian players
showed their sportsmanship by
treating their weary competitors
to a Persian dish. Mossama
Bademjan (Eggplant Stew) and
salad.
Sunday, the Iranians test their
ability again when they meet the
Jungle Bailers, winners of the
A-league Intramural Volleyball
tournament, in the finals.
Applied Physics Prof. Vahe
Petrosian, the Iranians' leading
spiker, said he doubted his team
would be a match for the Jungle
Bailers. "But we might have a
chance if we practice a lot this
week."
The finals will start sometime
between 4 and 6 p.m..


Daily photo by Stuart Lum
WILT RETURNS - Colorful Wilt Chamberlain, star of Wilt's Big
Dippers, returns to Maples Pavilion against this year. He'll lead his
volleyball team in action against Stanford Friday night at 7:30 p.m.
