# 1917 VOTES VAUDEVILLE PROFITS TO TENNIS TEAM
## Dress Rehearsal for Freshman Show Will Be Staged Thursday Afternoon at the Varsity. 
### 
That the proceeds from the Fresh
man Vaudeville Show to be staged be
fore the Varsity footlights next Fri
day evening should be given over to
the two-man tennis team for its east
ern trip this summer, was definitely
decided this afternoon by the Fresh
man class at their meeting. It is ex
pected that over one hundred dollars
will come from this source. The
Freshman donation will bring the
available fund for the trip to within
one hundred dollars of the necessary
five hundred.
The eight different acts on the pro
gram of the 1917 show have now
reached a high standard. On Thurs
day afternoon the final and dress re
hearsal of the performance will be
held at the Varsity Theater. J. 11.
Morgan, '16, and F. E. Hill, '11, in
structor in the English department,
who have been coaching several num
bers, will then put the finishing
touches on the Freshman production.
That the proceeds from the Fresh
man Vaudeville Show to be staged be
fore the Varsity footlights next Fri
day evening should be given over to
the two-man tennis team for its east
ern trip this summer, was definitely
decided this afternoon by the Fresh
man class at their meeting. It is ex
pected that over one hundred dollars
will come from this source. The
Freshman donation will bring the
available fund for the trip to within
one hundred dollars of the necessary
five hundred.
The eight different acts on the pro
gram of the 1917 show have now
reached a high standard. On Thurs
day afternoon the final and dress re
hearsal of the performance will be
held at the Varsity Theater. J. 11.
Morgan, '16, and F. E. Hill, '11, in
structor in the English department,
who have been coaching several num
bers, will then put the finishing
touches on the Freshman production.
That the proceeds from the Fresh
man Vaudeville Show to be staged be
fore the Varsity footlights next Fri
day evening should be given over to
the two-man tennis team for its east
ern trip this summer, was definitely
decided this afternoon by the Fresh
man class at their meeting. It is ex
pected that over one hundred dollars
will come from this source. The
Freshman donation will bring the
available fund for the trip to within
one hundred dollars of the necessary
five hundred.
The eight different acts on the pro
gram of the 1917 show have now
reached a high standard. On Thurs
day afternoon the final and dress re
hearsal of the performance will be
held at the Varsity Theater. J. 11.
Morgan, '16, and F. E. Hill, '11, in
structor in the English department,
who have been coaching several num
bers, will then put the finishing
touches on the Freshman production.
That the proceeds from the Fresh
man Vaudeville Show to be staged be
fore the Varsity footlights next Fri
day evening should be given over to
the two-man tennis team for its east
ern trip this summer, was definitely
decided this afternoon by the Fresh
man class at their meeting. It is ex
pected that over one hundred dollars
will come from this source. The
Freshman donation will bring the
available fund for the trip to within
one hundred dollars of the necessary
five hundred.
The eight different acts on the pro
gram of the 1917 show have now
reached a high standard. On Thurs
day afternoon the final and dress re
hearsal of the performance will be
held at the Varsity Theater. J. 11.
Morgan, '16, and F. E. Hill, '11, in
structor in the English department,
who have been coaching several num
bers, will then put the finishing
touches on the Freshman production.
That the proceeds from the Fresh
man Vaudeville Show to be staged be
fore the Varsity footlights next Fri
day evening should be given over to
the two-man tennis team for its east
ern trip this summer, was definitely
decided this afternoon by the Fresh
man class at their meeting. It is ex
pected that over one hundred dollars
will come from this source. The
Freshman donation will bring the
available fund for the trip to within
one hundred dollars of the necessary
five hundred.
The eight different acts on the pro
gram of the 1917 show have now
reached a high standard. On Thurs
day afternoon the final and dress re
hearsal of the performance will be
held at the Varsity Theater. J. 11.
Morgan, '16, and F. E. Hill, '11, in
structor in the English department,
who have been coaching several num
bers, will then put the finishing
touches on the Freshman production.
That the proceeds from the Fresh
man Vaudeville Show to be staged be
fore the Varsity footlights next Fri
day evening should be given over to
the two-man tennis team for its east
ern trip this summer, was definitely
decided this afternoon by the Fresh
man class at their meeting. It is ex
pected that over one hundred dollars
will come from this source. The
Freshman donation will bring the
available fund for the trip to within
one hundred dollars of the necessary
five hundred.
The eight different acts on the pro
gram of the 1917 show have now
reached a high standard. On Thurs
day afternoon the final and dress re
hearsal of the performance will be
held at the Varsity Theater. J. 11.
Morgan, '16, and F. E. Hill, '11, in
structor in the English department,
who have been coaching several num
bers, will then put the finishing
touches on the Freshman production.
That the proceeds from the Fresh
man Vaudeville Show to be staged be
fore the Varsity footlights next Fri
day evening should be given over to
the two-man tennis team for its east
ern trip this summer, was definitely
decided this afternoon by the Fresh
man class at their meeting. It is ex
pected that over one hundred dollars
will come from this source. The
Freshman donation will bring the
available fund for the trip to within
one hundred dollars of the necessary
five hundred.
The eight different acts on the pro
gram of the 1917 show have now
reached a high standard. On Thurs
day afternoon the final and dress re
hearsal of the performance will be
held at the Varsity Theater. J. 11.
Morgan, '16, and F. E. Hill, '11, in
structor in the English department,
who have been coaching several num
bers, will then put the finishing
touches on the Freshman production.
That the proceeds from the Fresh
man Vaudeville Show to be staged be
fore the Varsity footlights next Fri
day evening should be given over to
the two-man tennis team for its east
ern trip this summer, was definitely
decided this afternoon by the Fresh
man class at their meeting. It is ex
pected that over one hundred dollars
will come from this source. The
Freshman donation will bring the
available fund for the trip to within
one hundred dollars of the necessary
five hundred.
The eight different acts on the pro
gram of the 1917 show have now
reached a high standard. On Thurs
day afternoon the final and dress re
hearsal of the performance will be
held at the Varsity Theater. J. 11.
Morgan, '16, and F. E. Hill, '11, in
structor in the English department,
who have been coaching several num
bers, will then put the finishing
touches on the Freshman production.
That the proceeds from the Fresh
man Vaudeville Show to be staged be
fore the Varsity footlights next Fri
day evening should be given over to
the two-man tennis team for its east
ern trip this summer, was definitely
decided this afternoon by the Fresh
man class at their meeting. It is ex
pected that over one hundred dollars
will come from this source. The
Freshman donation will bring the
available fund for the trip to within
one hundred dollars of the necessary
five hundred.
The eight different acts on the pro
gram of the 1917 show have now
reached a high standard. On Thurs
day afternoon the final and dress re
hearsal of the performance will be
held at the Varsity Theater. J. 11.
Morgan, '16, and F. E. Hill, '11, in
structor in the English department,
who have been coaching several num
bers, will then put the finishing
touches on the Freshman production.
That the proceeds from the Fresh
man Vaudeville Show to be staged be
fore the Varsity footlights next Fri
day evening should be given over to
the two-man tennis team for its east
ern trip this summer, was definitely
decided this afternoon by the Fresh
man class at their meeting. It is ex
pected that over one hundred dollars
will come from this source. The
Freshman donation will bring the
available fund for the trip to within
one hundred dollars of the necessary
five hundred.
The eight different acts on the pro
gram of the 1917 show have now
reached a high standard. On Thurs
day afternoon the final and dress re
hearsal of the performance will be
held at the Varsity Theater. J. 11.
Morgan, '16, and F. E. Hill, '11, in
structor in the English department,
who have been coaching several num
bers, will then put the finishing
touches on the Freshman production.
That the proceeds from the Fresh
man Vaudeville Show to be staged be
fore the Varsity footlights next Fri
day evening should be given over to
the two-man tennis team for its east
ern trip this summer, was definitely
decided this afternoon by the Fresh
man class at their meeting. It is ex
pected that over one hundred dollars
will come from this source. The
Freshman donation will bring the
available fund for the trip to within
one hundred dollars of the necessary
five hundred.
The eight different acts on the pro
gram of the 1917 show have now
reached a high standard. On Thurs
day afternoon the final and dress re
hearsal of the performance will be
held at the Varsity Theater. J. 11.
Morgan, '16, and F. E. Hill, '11, in
structor in the English department,
who have been coaching several num
bers, will then put the finishing
touches on the Freshman production.
That the proceeds from the Fresh
man Vaudeville Show to be staged be
fore the Varsity footlights next Fri
day evening should be given over to
the two-man tennis team for its east
ern trip this summer, was definitely
decided this afternoon by the Fresh
man class at their meeting. It is ex
pected that over one hundred dollars
will come from this source. The
Freshman donation will bring the
available fund for the trip to within
one hundred dollars of the necessary
five hundred.
The eight different acts on the pro
gram of the 1917 show have now
reached a high standard. On Thurs
day afternoon the final and dress re
hearsal of the performance will be
held at the Varsity Theater. J. 11.
Morgan, '16, and F. E. Hill, '11, in
structor in the English department,
who have been coaching several num
bers, will then put the finishing
touches on the Freshman production.
