# Adv. 11 Page 4
## 
### 
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the giant. It the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can he a distinct
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 17
I'd like .1 hig job ple.iv
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the giant. It the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can he a distinct
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 17
I'd like .1 hig job ple.iv
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the giant. It the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can he a distinct
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 17
I'd like .1 hig job ple.iv
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the giant. It the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can he a distinct
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 17
I'd like .1 hig job ple.iv
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the giant. It the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can he a distinct
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 17
I'd like .1 hig job ple.iv
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the giant. It the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can he a distinct
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 17
I'd like .1 hig job ple.iv
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the giant. It the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can he a distinct
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 17
I'd like .1 hig job ple.iv
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the giant. It the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can he a distinct
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 17
I'd like .1 hig job ple.iv
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the giant. It the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can he a distinct
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 17
I'd like .1 hig job ple.iv
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the giant. It the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can he a distinct
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 17
I'd like .1 hig job ple.iv
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the giant. It the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can he a distinct
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 17
I'd like .1 hig job ple.iv
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the giant. It the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can he a distinct
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 17
I'd like .1 hig job ple.iv
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the giant. It the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can he a distinct
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 17
I'd like .1 hig job ple.iv
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the giant. It the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can he a distinct
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 17
I'd like .1 hig job ple.iv
What's it like
to work
for a giant?
Depends on the giant. It the
giant happens to be Ford Motor
Company, it can he a distinct
advantage. See your placement
director and make an appoint
ment to see the man from Ford
when he is here on:
February 26, 17
I'd like .1 hig job ple.iv
