# Ease Pot Laws, Official Says
## 
### 
SACRAMENTO (AP) â€” Allen
Breed, the newly-sworn in di
rector of the California Youth
Authority, today endorsed legis
lation to relax marijuana laws.
"I think Assemblyman Craig
Biddle's concept of leveling pen
alties for marijuana and danger
ous drug use is an excellent
idea," he said.
"I strongly favor law enforce
ment, and I believe offenders
should be penalized. But, I be
lieve that marijuana user f s are
often not sentenced at all be
cause the prescribed penalties
today are too harsh."
Biddle, R-Riverside, the chair
man of the Assembly Criminal
Procedure Committee, recently
introduced legislation allowing
judges to decide whether first
offense marijuana users should
be convicted on a felony or mis
demeanor count. At present a
felony penalty is required.
