# Strata Authority Lectures Today
## 
### 
An expert who reads world
history from soil beds laid down
60 million years ago will present
the fifth lecture today in the
current series presented by the
Stanford School of Earth Sci
ences.
Dr. John C. Frye, chief of the
Illinois State Geological Survey,
will discuss the "Use of Soils in
Stratigraphy" in room 320, Geol
ogy Building at 4 p.m. The lec
ture is open to the public free
of charge.
The speaker will discuss sedi
ments buried during the late
Cenozoic era and the mineral
changes which have taken place
in them. He will also show col
ored slides of surface and bur
ied soil profiles across the cen
tral U.S., and interpret their
geological meaning.
An expert who reads world
history from soil beds laid down
60 million years ago will present
the fifth lecture today in the
current series presented by the
Stanford School of Earth Sci
ences.
Dr. John C. Frye, chief of the
Illinois State Geological Survey,
will discuss the "Use of Soils in
Stratigraphy" in room 320, Geol
ogy Building at 4 p.m. The lec
ture is open to the public free
of charge.
The speaker will discuss sedi
ments buried during the late
Cenozoic era and the mineral
changes which have taken place
in them. He will also show col
ored slides of surface and bur
ied soil profiles across the cen
tral U.S., and interpret their
geological meaning.
An expert who reads world
history from soil beds laid down
60 million years ago will present
the fifth lecture today in the
current series presented by the
Stanford School of Earth Sci
ences.
Dr. John C. Frye, chief of the
Illinois State Geological Survey,
will discuss the "Use of Soils in
Stratigraphy" in room 320, Geol
ogy Building at 4 p.m. The lec
ture is open to the public free
of charge.
The speaker will discuss sedi
ments buried during the late
Cenozoic era and the mineral
changes which have taken place
in them. He will also show col
ored slides of surface and bur
ied soil profiles across the cen
tral U.S., and interpret their
geological meaning.
An expert who reads world
history from soil beds laid down
60 million years ago will present
the fifth lecture today in the
current series presented by the
Stanford School of Earth Sci
ences.
Dr. John C. Frye, chief of the
Illinois State Geological Survey,
will discuss the "Use of Soils in
Stratigraphy" in room 320, Geol
ogy Building at 4 p.m. The lec
ture is open to the public free
of charge.
The speaker will discuss sedi
ments buried during the late
Cenozoic era and the mineral
changes which have taken place
in them. He will also show col
ored slides of surface and bur
ied soil profiles across the cen
tral U.S., and interpret their
geological meaning.
An expert who reads world
history from soil beds laid down
60 million years ago will present
the fifth lecture today in the
current series presented by the
Stanford School of Earth Sci
ences.
Dr. John C. Frye, chief of the
Illinois State Geological Survey,
will discuss the "Use of Soils in
Stratigraphy" in room 320, Geol
ogy Building at 4 p.m. The lec
ture is open to the public free
of charge.
The speaker will discuss sedi
ments buried during the late
Cenozoic era and the mineral
changes which have taken place
in them. He will also show col
ored slides of surface and bur
ied soil profiles across the cen
tral U.S., and interpret their
geological meaning.
An expert who reads world
history from soil beds laid down
60 million years ago will present
the fifth lecture today in the
current series presented by the
Stanford School of Earth Sci
ences.
Dr. John C. Frye, chief of the
Illinois State Geological Survey,
will discuss the "Use of Soils in
Stratigraphy" in room 320, Geol
ogy Building at 4 p.m. The lec
ture is open to the public free
of charge.
The speaker will discuss sedi
ments buried during the late
Cenozoic era and the mineral
changes which have taken place
in them. He will also show col
ored slides of surface and bur
ied soil profiles across the cen
tral U.S., and interpret their
geological meaning.
An expert who reads world
history from soil beds laid down
60 million years ago will present
the fifth lecture today in the
current series presented by the
Stanford School of Earth Sci
ences.
Dr. John C. Frye, chief of the
Illinois State Geological Survey,
will discuss the "Use of Soils in
Stratigraphy" in room 320, Geol
ogy Building at 4 p.m. The lec
ture is open to the public free
of charge.
The speaker will discuss sedi
ments buried during the late
Cenozoic era and the mineral
changes which have taken place
in them. He will also show col
ored slides of surface and bur
ied soil profiles across the cen
tral U.S., and interpret their
geological meaning.
An expert who reads world
history from soil beds laid down
60 million years ago will present
the fifth lecture today in the
current series presented by the
Stanford School of Earth Sci
ences.
Dr. John C. Frye, chief of the
Illinois State Geological Survey,
will discuss the "Use of Soils in
Stratigraphy" in room 320, Geol
ogy Building at 4 p.m. The lec
ture is open to the public free
of charge.
The speaker will discuss sedi
ments buried during the late
Cenozoic era and the mineral
changes which have taken place
in them. He will also show col
ored slides of surface and bur
ied soil profiles across the cen
tral U.S., and interpret their
geological meaning.
An expert who reads world
history from soil beds laid down
60 million years ago will present
the fifth lecture today in the
current series presented by the
Stanford School of Earth Sci
ences.
Dr. John C. Frye, chief of the
Illinois State Geological Survey,
will discuss the "Use of Soils in
Stratigraphy" in room 320, Geol
ogy Building at 4 p.m. The lec
ture is open to the public free
of charge.
The speaker will discuss sedi
ments buried during the late
Cenozoic era and the mineral
changes which have taken place
in them. He will also show col
ored slides of surface and bur
ied soil profiles across the cen
tral U.S., and interpret their
geological meaning.
An expert who reads world
history from soil beds laid down
60 million years ago will present
the fifth lecture today in the
current series presented by the
Stanford School of Earth Sci
ences.
Dr. John C. Frye, chief of the
Illinois State Geological Survey,
will discuss the "Use of Soils in
Stratigraphy" in room 320, Geol
ogy Building at 4 p.m. The lec
ture is open to the public free
of charge.
The speaker will discuss sedi
ments buried during the late
Cenozoic era and the mineral
changes which have taken place
in them. He will also show col
ored slides of surface and bur
ied soil profiles across the cen
tral U.S., and interpret their
geological meaning.
An expert who reads world
history from soil beds laid down
60 million years ago will present
the fifth lecture today in the
current series presented by the
Stanford School of Earth Sci
ences.
Dr. John C. Frye, chief of the
Illinois State Geological Survey,
will discuss the "Use of Soils in
Stratigraphy" in room 320, Geol
ogy Building at 4 p.m. The lec
ture is open to the public free
of charge.
The speaker will discuss sedi
ments buried during the late
Cenozoic era and the mineral
changes which have taken place
in them. He will also show col
ored slides of surface and bur
ied soil profiles across the cen
tral U.S., and interpret their
geological meaning.
An expert who reads world
history from soil beds laid down
60 million years ago will present
the fifth lecture today in the
current series presented by the
Stanford School of Earth Sci
ences.
Dr. John C. Frye, chief of the
Illinois State Geological Survey,
will discuss the "Use of Soils in
Stratigraphy" in room 320, Geol
ogy Building at 4 p.m. The lec
ture is open to the public free
of charge.
The speaker will discuss sedi
ments buried during the late
Cenozoic era and the mineral
changes which have taken place
in them. He will also show col
ored slides of surface and bur
ied soil profiles across the cen
tral U.S., and interpret their
geological meaning.
An expert who reads world
history from soil beds laid down
60 million years ago will present
the fifth lecture today in the
current series presented by the
Stanford School of Earth Sci
ences.
Dr. John C. Frye, chief of the
Illinois State Geological Survey,
will discuss the "Use of Soils in
Stratigraphy" in room 320, Geol
ogy Building at 4 p.m. The lec
ture is open to the public free
of charge.
The speaker will discuss sedi
ments buried during the late
Cenozoic era and the mineral
changes which have taken place
in them. He will also show col
ored slides of surface and bur
ied soil profiles across the cen
tral U.S., and interpret their
geological meaning.
An expert who reads world
history from soil beds laid down
60 million years ago will present
the fifth lecture today in the
current series presented by the
Stanford School of Earth Sci
ences.
Dr. John C. Frye, chief of the
Illinois State Geological Survey,
will discuss the "Use of Soils in
Stratigraphy" in room 320, Geol
ogy Building at 4 p.m. The lec
ture is open to the public free
of charge.
The speaker will discuss sedi
ments buried during the late
Cenozoic era and the mineral
changes which have taken place
in them. He will also show col
ored slides of surface and bur
ied soil profiles across the cen
tral U.S., and interpret their
geological meaning.
An expert who reads world
history from soil beds laid down
60 million years ago will present
the fifth lecture today in the
current series presented by the
Stanford School of Earth Sci
ences.
Dr. John C. Frye, chief of the
Illinois State Geological Survey,
will discuss the "Use of Soils in
Stratigraphy" in room 320, Geol
ogy Building at 4 p.m. The lec
ture is open to the public free
of charge.
The speaker will discuss sedi
ments buried during the late
Cenozoic era and the mineral
changes which have taken place
in them. He will also show col
ored slides of surface and bur
ied soil profiles across the cen
tral U.S., and interpret their
geological meaning.
