# Detroit Mayor To Talk Thurs.
## 
### 
The first of two Student-Fac
ulty Board programs scheduled
for this quarter will feature a
talk this Thursday by Detroit
Mayor Jerome P. Cavanaugh.
The speech is titled "The Sum
mer of 1967: What Did We Learn
From It?"
A panel discussion will follow
Cavanaugh's address, led by
Stanford's Bernard Cohen, pro
fessor of sociology, Joseph Loh
man, head of Berkeley's crim
inology department, former
Daily Editor Kirk Hanson, and
members of the Stanford Black
Student Union.
An informal reception-dinner
will be hold for the Mayor in
Stern Hall's Serra House.
The second Student-Faculty
Board will be a ski weekend at
Lake Tahoe planned for Ft b.
17-18. The Board's program will
furnish accommodations, food
and transportation.
The Student-Faculty Board es
tablished three years ago in an
attempt to increase communica
tion among members of the Stan
ford community, is open to all
interested students and faculty.
