# Adv. 22 Page 8
## 
### 
Villas on Greek
Island of los
Villas and rooms
available on beautiful,
private bay. Full service
included at reasonable
rates.
For information write:
Ulysses Beach, Apt. 9C
755 Park Ave.,
NYC 10021
(Tel 212-472-0881)
Villas on Greek
Island of los
Villas and rooms
available on beautiful,
private bay. Full service
included at reasonable
rates.
For information write:
Ulysses Beach, Apt. 9C
755 Park Ave.,
NYC 10021
(Tel 212-472-0881)
Villas on Greek
Island of los
Villas and rooms
available on beautiful,
private bay. Full service
included at reasonable
rates.
For information write:
Ulysses Beach, Apt. 9C
755 Park Ave.,
NYC 10021
(Tel 212-472-0881)
Villas on Greek
Island of los
Villas and rooms
available on beautiful,
private bay. Full service
included at reasonable
rates.
For information write:
Ulysses Beach, Apt. 9C
755 Park Ave.,
NYC 10021
(Tel 212-472-0881)
Villas on Greek
Island of los
Villas and rooms
available on beautiful,
private bay. Full service
included at reasonable
rates.
For information write:
Ulysses Beach, Apt. 9C
755 Park Ave.,
NYC 10021
(Tel 212-472-0881)
Villas on Greek
Island of los
Villas and rooms
available on beautiful,
private bay. Full service
included at reasonable
rates.
For information write:
Ulysses Beach, Apt. 9C
755 Park Ave.,
NYC 10021
(Tel 212-472-0881)
Villas on Greek
Island of los
Villas and rooms
available on beautiful,
private bay. Full service
included at reasonable
rates.
For information write:
Ulysses Beach, Apt. 9C
755 Park Ave.,
NYC 10021
(Tel 212-472-0881)
Villas on Greek
Island of los
Villas and rooms
available on beautiful,
private bay. Full service
included at reasonable
rates.
For information write:
Ulysses Beach, Apt. 9C
755 Park Ave.,
NYC 10021
(Tel 212-472-0881)
Villas on Greek
Island of los
Villas and rooms
available on beautiful,
private bay. Full service
included at reasonable
rates.
For information write:
Ulysses Beach, Apt. 9C
755 Park Ave.,
NYC 10021
(Tel 212-472-0881)
Villas on Greek
Island of los
Villas and rooms
available on beautiful,
private bay. Full service
included at reasonable
rates.
For information write:
Ulysses Beach, Apt. 9C
755 Park Ave.,
NYC 10021
(Tel 212-472-0881)
Villas on Greek
Island of los
Villas and rooms
available on beautiful,
private bay. Full service
included at reasonable
rates.
For information write:
Ulysses Beach, Apt. 9C
755 Park Ave.,
NYC 10021
(Tel 212-472-0881)
Villas on Greek
Island of los
Villas and rooms
available on beautiful,
private bay. Full service
included at reasonable
rates.
For information write:
Ulysses Beach, Apt. 9C
755 Park Ave.,
NYC 10021
(Tel 212-472-0881)
Villas on Greek
Island of los
Villas and rooms
available on beautiful,
private bay. Full service
included at reasonable
rates.
For information write:
Ulysses Beach, Apt. 9C
755 Park Ave.,
NYC 10021
(Tel 212-472-0881)
Villas on Greek
Island of los
Villas and rooms
available on beautiful,
private bay. Full service
included at reasonable
rates.
For information write:
Ulysses Beach, Apt. 9C
755 Park Ave.,
NYC 10021
(Tel 212-472-0881)
