# Noted Chess Player Gives Exhibition Here Saturday
## 
### 
An exhibition of simultaneous chess
will be given at Eneina Hall, Satur
day evening, at 7:45, by Wallace E.
Neville, one of the most noted ex
ponents of the game. Neville is an
authority on chess, having written
several valuable books on the sub
ject. He lias a reputation as a rapid
player in San Francisco chess circles.
Neville will meet all comers Satur
day night, and it is expected that he
will play between twenty and thirty
opponents at the same time. All who
wish to play him should bring boards
and chessmen with them.
The contest will be under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chess Club,
which has charge of the annual tour
nament with California each spring.
The club will hold an important busi
ness meeting prior to the exhibition,
to elect officers for the coming year.
An exhibition of simultaneous chess
will be given at Eneina Hall, Satur
day evening, at 7:45, by Wallace E.
Neville, one of the most noted ex
ponents of the game. Neville is an
authority on chess, having written
several valuable books on the sub
ject. He lias a reputation as a rapid
player in San Francisco chess circles.
Neville will meet all comers Satur
day night, and it is expected that he
will play between twenty and thirty
opponents at the same time. All who
wish to play him should bring boards
and chessmen with them.
The contest will be under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chess Club,
which has charge of the annual tour
nament with California each spring.
The club will hold an important busi
ness meeting prior to the exhibition,
to elect officers for the coming year.
An exhibition of simultaneous chess
will be given at Eneina Hall, Satur
day evening, at 7:45, by Wallace E.
Neville, one of the most noted ex
ponents of the game. Neville is an
authority on chess, having written
several valuable books on the sub
ject. He lias a reputation as a rapid
player in San Francisco chess circles.
Neville will meet all comers Satur
day night, and it is expected that he
will play between twenty and thirty
opponents at the same time. All who
wish to play him should bring boards
and chessmen with them.
The contest will be under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chess Club,
which has charge of the annual tour
nament with California each spring.
The club will hold an important busi
ness meeting prior to the exhibition,
to elect officers for the coming year.
An exhibition of simultaneous chess
will be given at Eneina Hall, Satur
day evening, at 7:45, by Wallace E.
Neville, one of the most noted ex
ponents of the game. Neville is an
authority on chess, having written
several valuable books on the sub
ject. He lias a reputation as a rapid
player in San Francisco chess circles.
Neville will meet all comers Satur
day night, and it is expected that he
will play between twenty and thirty
opponents at the same time. All who
wish to play him should bring boards
and chessmen with them.
The contest will be under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chess Club,
which has charge of the annual tour
nament with California each spring.
The club will hold an important busi
ness meeting prior to the exhibition,
to elect officers for the coming year.
An exhibition of simultaneous chess
will be given at Eneina Hall, Satur
day evening, at 7:45, by Wallace E.
Neville, one of the most noted ex
ponents of the game. Neville is an
authority on chess, having written
several valuable books on the sub
ject. He lias a reputation as a rapid
player in San Francisco chess circles.
Neville will meet all comers Satur
day night, and it is expected that he
will play between twenty and thirty
opponents at the same time. All who
wish to play him should bring boards
and chessmen with them.
The contest will be under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chess Club,
which has charge of the annual tour
nament with California each spring.
The club will hold an important busi
ness meeting prior to the exhibition,
to elect officers for the coming year.
An exhibition of simultaneous chess
will be given at Eneina Hall, Satur
day evening, at 7:45, by Wallace E.
Neville, one of the most noted ex
ponents of the game. Neville is an
authority on chess, having written
several valuable books on the sub
ject. He lias a reputation as a rapid
player in San Francisco chess circles.
Neville will meet all comers Satur
day night, and it is expected that he
will play between twenty and thirty
opponents at the same time. All who
wish to play him should bring boards
and chessmen with them.
The contest will be under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chess Club,
which has charge of the annual tour
nament with California each spring.
The club will hold an important busi
ness meeting prior to the exhibition,
to elect officers for the coming year.
An exhibition of simultaneous chess
will be given at Eneina Hall, Satur
day evening, at 7:45, by Wallace E.
Neville, one of the most noted ex
ponents of the game. Neville is an
authority on chess, having written
several valuable books on the sub
ject. He lias a reputation as a rapid
player in San Francisco chess circles.
Neville will meet all comers Satur
day night, and it is expected that he
will play between twenty and thirty
opponents at the same time. All who
wish to play him should bring boards
and chessmen with them.
The contest will be under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chess Club,
which has charge of the annual tour
nament with California each spring.
The club will hold an important busi
ness meeting prior to the exhibition,
to elect officers for the coming year.
An exhibition of simultaneous chess
will be given at Eneina Hall, Satur
day evening, at 7:45, by Wallace E.
Neville, one of the most noted ex
ponents of the game. Neville is an
authority on chess, having written
several valuable books on the sub
ject. He lias a reputation as a rapid
player in San Francisco chess circles.
Neville will meet all comers Satur
day night, and it is expected that he
will play between twenty and thirty
opponents at the same time. All who
wish to play him should bring boards
and chessmen with them.
The contest will be under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chess Club,
which has charge of the annual tour
nament with California each spring.
The club will hold an important busi
ness meeting prior to the exhibition,
to elect officers for the coming year.
An exhibition of simultaneous chess
will be given at Eneina Hall, Satur
day evening, at 7:45, by Wallace E.
Neville, one of the most noted ex
ponents of the game. Neville is an
authority on chess, having written
several valuable books on the sub
ject. He lias a reputation as a rapid
player in San Francisco chess circles.
Neville will meet all comers Satur
day night, and it is expected that he
will play between twenty and thirty
opponents at the same time. All who
wish to play him should bring boards
and chessmen with them.
The contest will be under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chess Club,
which has charge of the annual tour
nament with California each spring.
The club will hold an important busi
ness meeting prior to the exhibition,
to elect officers for the coming year.
An exhibition of simultaneous chess
will be given at Eneina Hall, Satur
day evening, at 7:45, by Wallace E.
Neville, one of the most noted ex
ponents of the game. Neville is an
authority on chess, having written
several valuable books on the sub
ject. He lias a reputation as a rapid
player in San Francisco chess circles.
Neville will meet all comers Satur
day night, and it is expected that he
will play between twenty and thirty
opponents at the same time. All who
wish to play him should bring boards
and chessmen with them.
The contest will be under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chess Club,
which has charge of the annual tour
nament with California each spring.
The club will hold an important busi
ness meeting prior to the exhibition,
to elect officers for the coming year.
An exhibition of simultaneous chess
will be given at Eneina Hall, Satur
day evening, at 7:45, by Wallace E.
Neville, one of the most noted ex
ponents of the game. Neville is an
authority on chess, having written
several valuable books on the sub
ject. He lias a reputation as a rapid
player in San Francisco chess circles.
Neville will meet all comers Satur
day night, and it is expected that he
will play between twenty and thirty
opponents at the same time. All who
wish to play him should bring boards
and chessmen with them.
The contest will be under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chess Club,
which has charge of the annual tour
nament with California each spring.
The club will hold an important busi
ness meeting prior to the exhibition,
to elect officers for the coming year.
An exhibition of simultaneous chess
will be given at Eneina Hall, Satur
day evening, at 7:45, by Wallace E.
Neville, one of the most noted ex
ponents of the game. Neville is an
authority on chess, having written
several valuable books on the sub
ject. He lias a reputation as a rapid
player in San Francisco chess circles.
Neville will meet all comers Satur
day night, and it is expected that he
will play between twenty and thirty
opponents at the same time. All who
wish to play him should bring boards
and chessmen with them.
The contest will be under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chess Club,
which has charge of the annual tour
nament with California each spring.
The club will hold an important busi
ness meeting prior to the exhibition,
to elect officers for the coming year.
An exhibition of simultaneous chess
will be given at Eneina Hall, Satur
day evening, at 7:45, by Wallace E.
Neville, one of the most noted ex
ponents of the game. Neville is an
authority on chess, having written
several valuable books on the sub
ject. He lias a reputation as a rapid
player in San Francisco chess circles.
Neville will meet all comers Satur
day night, and it is expected that he
will play between twenty and thirty
opponents at the same time. All who
wish to play him should bring boards
and chessmen with them.
The contest will be under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chess Club,
which has charge of the annual tour
nament with California each spring.
The club will hold an important busi
ness meeting prior to the exhibition,
to elect officers for the coming year.
An exhibition of simultaneous chess
will be given at Eneina Hall, Satur
day evening, at 7:45, by Wallace E.
Neville, one of the most noted ex
ponents of the game. Neville is an
authority on chess, having written
several valuable books on the sub
ject. He lias a reputation as a rapid
player in San Francisco chess circles.
Neville will meet all comers Satur
day night, and it is expected that he
will play between twenty and thirty
opponents at the same time. All who
wish to play him should bring boards
and chessmen with them.
The contest will be under the aus
pices of the Stanford Chess Club,
which has charge of the annual tour
nament with California each spring.
The club will hold an important busi
ness meeting prior to the exhibition,
to elect officers for the coming year.
