# Ex-Sfanford Student Weds.
## 
### 
Announcement lias been received of
the marriage of Miss Freda Henking,
ex-'l7, Pi Beta Phi, to Mr. Robert H.
Benton, of Descanso, California. The
ceremony took place at San Diego, the
bride's home city, on Thursday, Sep
tember 7.
Announcement lias been received of
the marriage of Miss Freda Henking,
ex-'l7, Pi Beta Phi, to Mr. Robert H.
Benton, of Descanso, California. The
ceremony took place at San Diego, the
bride's home city, on Thursday, Sep
tember 7.
Announcement lias been received of
the marriage of Miss Freda Henking,
ex-'l7, Pi Beta Phi, to Mr. Robert H.
Benton, of Descanso, California. The
ceremony took place at San Diego, the
bride's home city, on Thursday, Sep
tember 7.
Announcement lias been received of
the marriage of Miss Freda Henking,
ex-'l7, Pi Beta Phi, to Mr. Robert H.
Benton, of Descanso, California. The
ceremony took place at San Diego, the
bride's home city, on Thursday, Sep
tember 7.
Announcement lias been received of
the marriage of Miss Freda Henking,
ex-'l7, Pi Beta Phi, to Mr. Robert H.
Benton, of Descanso, California. The
ceremony took place at San Diego, the
bride's home city, on Thursday, Sep
tember 7.
Announcement lias been received of
the marriage of Miss Freda Henking,
ex-'l7, Pi Beta Phi, to Mr. Robert H.
Benton, of Descanso, California. The
ceremony took place at San Diego, the
bride's home city, on Thursday, Sep
tember 7.
Announcement lias been received of
the marriage of Miss Freda Henking,
ex-'l7, Pi Beta Phi, to Mr. Robert H.
Benton, of Descanso, California. The
ceremony took place at San Diego, the
bride's home city, on Thursday, Sep
tember 7.
Announcement lias been received of
the marriage of Miss Freda Henking,
ex-'l7, Pi Beta Phi, to Mr. Robert H.
Benton, of Descanso, California. The
ceremony took place at San Diego, the
bride's home city, on Thursday, Sep
tember 7.
Announcement lias been received of
the marriage of Miss Freda Henking,
ex-'l7, Pi Beta Phi, to Mr. Robert H.
Benton, of Descanso, California. The
ceremony took place at San Diego, the
bride's home city, on Thursday, Sep
tember 7.
Announcement lias been received of
the marriage of Miss Freda Henking,
ex-'l7, Pi Beta Phi, to Mr. Robert H.
Benton, of Descanso, California. The
ceremony took place at San Diego, the
bride's home city, on Thursday, Sep
tember 7.
Announcement lias been received of
the marriage of Miss Freda Henking,
ex-'l7, Pi Beta Phi, to Mr. Robert H.
Benton, of Descanso, California. The
ceremony took place at San Diego, the
bride's home city, on Thursday, Sep
tember 7.
Announcement lias been received of
the marriage of Miss Freda Henking,
ex-'l7, Pi Beta Phi, to Mr. Robert H.
Benton, of Descanso, California. The
ceremony took place at San Diego, the
bride's home city, on Thursday, Sep
tember 7.
Announcement lias been received of
the marriage of Miss Freda Henking,
ex-'l7, Pi Beta Phi, to Mr. Robert H.
Benton, of Descanso, California. The
ceremony took place at San Diego, the
bride's home city, on Thursday, Sep
tember 7.
Announcement lias been received of
the marriage of Miss Freda Henking,
ex-'l7, Pi Beta Phi, to Mr. Robert H.
Benton, of Descanso, California. The
ceremony took place at San Diego, the
bride's home city, on Thursday, Sep
tember 7.
