# Legislature To Meet
## 
### 
LASSU will meet in a special
session at 7:30 tonight in room
370.
ASSU President Denis Hayes
hopes to appoint the six-member
committee on nominations, which
was approved by last week's meet
ing. The group will also be con
sidering results of this afternoon's
meeting of the Academic Senate,
should that body consider the stu
dent government proposal for a
joint student-faculty body for
consideration of the SES propos
als.
The rules committee of the
Legislature had ruled earlier this
week that there was not sufficient
business to depart from the bi
weekly schedule.
Hayes has called the special ses
sion to establish the nominations
committee, which will be respon
sible for appointing the Educa
tional Commission originally pro
posed by the Coalition.
