# Interclass Game Tomorrow.
## 
### 
The interclass baseball ser
ies of 11>08 will begin tomor
row at 3:30, when the Sopho
mores cross bats witli tin 1
Freshmen. On Thursday the
Seniors will meet the Juniors,
and at that time the date of
the final game will be deter
mined upon. The personnel of
tlie various nines will be an
nounced just before the
matches by Conch Presley.
The interclass baseball ser
ies of 11>08 will begin tomor
row at 3:30, when the Sopho
mores cross bats witli tin 1
Freshmen. On Thursday the
Seniors will meet the Juniors,
and at that time the date of
the final game will be deter
mined upon. The personnel of
tlie various nines will be an
nounced just before the
matches by Conch Presley.
The interclass baseball ser
ies of 11>08 will begin tomor
row at 3:30, when the Sopho
mores cross bats witli tin 1
Freshmen. On Thursday the
Seniors will meet the Juniors,
and at that time the date of
the final game will be deter
mined upon. The personnel of
tlie various nines will be an
nounced just before the
matches by Conch Presley.
The interclass baseball ser
ies of 11>08 will begin tomor
row at 3:30, when the Sopho
mores cross bats witli tin 1
Freshmen. On Thursday the
Seniors will meet the Juniors,
and at that time the date of
the final game will be deter
mined upon. The personnel of
tlie various nines will be an
nounced just before the
matches by Conch Presley.
The interclass baseball ser
ies of 11>08 will begin tomor
row at 3:30, when the Sopho
mores cross bats witli tin 1
Freshmen. On Thursday the
Seniors will meet the Juniors,
and at that time the date of
the final game will be deter
mined upon. The personnel of
tlie various nines will be an
nounced just before the
matches by Conch Presley.
The interclass baseball ser
ies of 11>08 will begin tomor
row at 3:30, when the Sopho
mores cross bats witli tin 1
Freshmen. On Thursday the
Seniors will meet the Juniors,
and at that time the date of
the final game will be deter
mined upon. The personnel of
tlie various nines will be an
nounced just before the
matches by Conch Presley.
The interclass baseball ser
ies of 11>08 will begin tomor
row at 3:30, when the Sopho
mores cross bats witli tin 1
Freshmen. On Thursday the
Seniors will meet the Juniors,
and at that time the date of
the final game will be deter
mined upon. The personnel of
tlie various nines will be an
nounced just before the
matches by Conch Presley.
The interclass baseball ser
ies of 11>08 will begin tomor
row at 3:30, when the Sopho
mores cross bats witli tin 1
Freshmen. On Thursday the
Seniors will meet the Juniors,
and at that time the date of
the final game will be deter
mined upon. The personnel of
tlie various nines will be an
nounced just before the
matches by Conch Presley.
The interclass baseball ser
ies of 11>08 will begin tomor
row at 3:30, when the Sopho
mores cross bats witli tin 1
Freshmen. On Thursday the
Seniors will meet the Juniors,
and at that time the date of
the final game will be deter
mined upon. The personnel of
tlie various nines will be an
nounced just before the
matches by Conch Presley.
The interclass baseball ser
ies of 11>08 will begin tomor
row at 3:30, when the Sopho
mores cross bats witli tin 1
Freshmen. On Thursday the
Seniors will meet the Juniors,
and at that time the date of
the final game will be deter
mined upon. The personnel of
tlie various nines will be an
nounced just before the
matches by Conch Presley.
