# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
NtMCHtiitiiiitiiiaHiitiitiHiiiiiiiiiaiiiiiiMaiiiiiiHaiiaiiiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiHiiiaitiitiHitiiiitHiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiflniiiiiiaiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiii
It's Next Friday }
1 33 Free Gifts j
Get Coupons with Money i'ai<i
It. V. H's 85c
Good Flannel Shirts
Phone 2 Free Deliveries
aiItIIIIMIItIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
NtMCHtiitiiiitiiiaHiitiitiHiiiiiiiiiaiiiiiiMaiiiiiiHaiiaiiiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiHiiiaitiitiHitiiiitHiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiflniiiiiiaiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiii
It's Next Friday }
1 33 Free Gifts j
Get Coupons with Money i'ai<i
It. V. H's 85c
Good Flannel Shirts
Phone 2 Free Deliveries
aiItIIIIMIItIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
NtMCHtiitiiiitiiiaHiitiitiHiiiiiiiiiaiiiiiiMaiiiiiiHaiiaiiiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiHiiiaitiitiHitiiiitHiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiflniiiiiiaiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiii
It's Next Friday }
1 33 Free Gifts j
Get Coupons with Money i'ai<i
It. V. H's 85c
Good Flannel Shirts
Phone 2 Free Deliveries
aiItIIIIMIItIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
NtMCHtiitiiiitiiiaHiitiitiHiiiiiiiiiaiiiiiiMaiiiiiiHaiiaiiiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiHiiiaitiitiHitiiiitHiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiflniiiiiiaiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiii
It's Next Friday }
1 33 Free Gifts j
Get Coupons with Money i'ai<i
It. V. H's 85c
Good Flannel Shirts
Phone 2 Free Deliveries
aiItIIIIMIItIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
NtMCHtiitiiiitiiiaHiitiitiHiiiiiiiiiaiiiiiiMaiiiiiiHaiiaiiiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiHiiiaitiitiHitiiiitHiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiflniiiiiiaiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiii
It's Next Friday }
1 33 Free Gifts j
Get Coupons with Money i'ai<i
It. V. H's 85c
Good Flannel Shirts
Phone 2 Free Deliveries
aiItIIIIMIItIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
NtMCHtiitiiiitiiiaHiitiitiHiiiiiiiiiaiiiiiiMaiiiiiiHaiiaiiiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiHiiiaitiitiHitiiiitHiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiflniiiiiiaiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiii
It's Next Friday }
1 33 Free Gifts j
Get Coupons with Money i'ai<i
It. V. H's 85c
Good Flannel Shirts
Phone 2 Free Deliveries
aiItIIIIMIItIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
NtMCHtiitiiiitiiiaHiitiitiHiiiiiiiiiaiiiiiiMaiiiiiiHaiiaiiiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiHiiiaitiitiHitiiiitHiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiflniiiiiiaiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiii
It's Next Friday }
1 33 Free Gifts j
Get Coupons with Money i'ai<i
It. V. H's 85c
Good Flannel Shirts
Phone 2 Free Deliveries
aiItIIIIMIItIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
NtMCHtiitiiiitiiiaHiitiitiHiiiiiiiiiaiiiiiiMaiiiiiiHaiiaiiiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiHiiiaitiitiHitiiiitHiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiflniiiiiiaiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiii
It's Next Friday }
1 33 Free Gifts j
Get Coupons with Money i'ai<i
It. V. H's 85c
Good Flannel Shirts
Phone 2 Free Deliveries
aiItIIIIMIItIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
NtMCHtiitiiiitiiiaHiitiitiHiiiiiiiiiaiiiiiiMaiiiiiiHaiiaiiiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiHiiiaitiitiHitiiiitHiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiflniiiiiiaiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiii
It's Next Friday }
1 33 Free Gifts j
Get Coupons with Money i'ai<i
It. V. H's 85c
Good Flannel Shirts
Phone 2 Free Deliveries
aiItIIIIMIItIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
NtMCHtiitiiiitiiiaHiitiitiHiiiiiiiiiaiiiiiiMaiiiiiiHaiiaiiiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiHiiiaitiitiHitiiiitHiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiflniiiiiiaiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiii
It's Next Friday }
1 33 Free Gifts j
Get Coupons with Money i'ai<i
It. V. H's 85c
Good Flannel Shirts
Phone 2 Free Deliveries
aiItIIIIMIItIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
NtMCHtiitiiiitiiiaHiitiitiHiiiiiiiiiaiiiiiiMaiiiiiiHaiiaiiiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiHiiiaitiitiHitiiiitHiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiflniiiiiiaiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiii
It's Next Friday }
1 33 Free Gifts j
Get Coupons with Money i'ai<i
It. V. H's 85c
Good Flannel Shirts
Phone 2 Free Deliveries
aiItIIIIMIItIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
NtMCHtiitiiiitiiiaHiitiitiHiiiiiiiiiaiiiiiiMaiiiiiiHaiiaiiiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiHiiiaitiitiHitiiiitHiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiflniiiiiiaiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiii
It's Next Friday }
1 33 Free Gifts j
Get Coupons with Money i'ai<i
It. V. H's 85c
Good Flannel Shirts
Phone 2 Free Deliveries
aiItIIIIMIItIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
NtMCHtiitiiiitiiiaHiitiitiHiiiiiiiiiaiiiiiiMaiiiiiiHaiiaiiiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiHiiiaitiitiHitiiiitHiiiaiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiflniiiiiiaiiiiiaiiiiiiiiiiii
It's Next Friday }
1 33 Free Gifts j
Get Coupons with Money i'ai<i
It. V. H's 85c
Good Flannel Shirts
Phone 2 Free Deliveries
aiItIIIIMIItIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
