# Plants.
## 
### 
Full assortment, best. kinds, rea
sonable prices. Si'.vsKT plains are
raised for selling, and must be
moved lo make room for next sea
son's growing. Uesineiits of the
I'niversity, I'alo Alto, May Held,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money by patronizing
Siwskt Nurseries. Menlo Park.
Full assortment, best. kinds, rea
sonable prices. Si'.vsKT plains are
raised for selling, and must be
moved lo make room for next sea
son's growing. Uesineiits of the
I'niversity, I'alo Alto, May Held,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money by patronizing
Siwskt Nurseries. Menlo Park.
Full assortment, best. kinds, rea
sonable prices. Si'.vsKT plains are
raised for selling, and must be
moved lo make room for next sea
son's growing. Uesineiits of the
I'niversity, I'alo Alto, May Held,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money by patronizing
Siwskt Nurseries. Menlo Park.
Full assortment, best. kinds, rea
sonable prices. Si'.vsKT plains are
raised for selling, and must be
moved lo make room for next sea
son's growing. Uesineiits of the
I'niversity, I'alo Alto, May Held,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money by patronizing
Siwskt Nurseries. Menlo Park.
