# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The victories scored by American
college athletes in the opening con
tests of the new Olympic games at
Athens have evoked a thrill of
patriotic enthusiasm in the heart
of every American citizen and par
ticularly of every university man
on this side of the water. Prince
ton has reason to congratulate her
self 011 the splendid showing made
by her representatives, and the
country at large can regard with
entire satisfaction the honor

achieved not only in the present
instance hut in every international
contest during the past year. It is
in contemplating such victories as
those of the Princeton hoys at
Athens that we realize the full sig
nificance of the work that is heiug
accomplished by our universities. 1
Their sole mission is not to give
our young men acute and erudite
minds, nor even to lit them for the
attainment of practical success in
life. They are doing this, hut they j
are doing more. They are giving
us a high type of all-round men
fellows who are steady of nerve and
tough of sinew; who can hold their j
own against all-comers. Moreover
they are holding up to a nation im
mersed in business cares the ideal
of bodily perfection as something:
to he pursued hy every young)
American â€”he he college student, i
grocer's clerk, or printer's devil.
Their work is something which is!
going to tell permanently in the j
history of our ( ountry.
