# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— Coach Knipe of lowa has is
sued an order against having any
of the team sit before a camera,
lie thinks that pictures are a
hoodoo on a team.
— Coach Knipe of lowa has is
sued an order against having any
of the team sit before a camera,
lie thinks that pictures are a
hoodoo on a team.
— Coach Knipe of lowa has is
sued an order against having any
of the team sit before a camera,
lie thinks that pictures are a
hoodoo on a team.
— Coach Knipe of lowa has is
sued an order against having any
of the team sit before a camera,
lie thinks that pictures are a
hoodoo on a team.
— Coach Knipe of lowa has is
sued an order against having any
of the team sit before a camera,
lie thinks that pictures are a
hoodoo on a team.
— Coach Knipe of lowa has is
sued an order against having any
of the team sit before a camera,
lie thinks that pictures are a
hoodoo on a team.
— Coach Knipe of lowa has is
sued an order against having any
of the team sit before a camera,
lie thinks that pictures are a
hoodoo on a team.
— Coach Knipe of lowa has is
sued an order against having any
of the team sit before a camera,
lie thinks that pictures are a
hoodoo on a team.
