# FOR LOS ANGELES.
## Football Team Plays Thanksgiving Meets Pomona College Saturday. 
### 
This afternoon the football men
left for Los Angeles, as announced
in this paper last evening. Cap
tain Fisher received a letter this
morning from Manager Edwards
stating definitely that a game
would be played on next Saturday
between Stanford and Pomona
College at Los Angeles, and that it
was expected to attract a larger
crowd than the game with - the Los
Angeles team.
The Pomona team won the
championship of Southern Cali
fornia last year, hut is not nearly
so strong now as it was then. It
has been defeated by the Perris
Indian School team, and was scored
against by Occidental College.
The Los Angeles eleven which
the Varsity plays on Thanksgiving
is thought to be much the stronger
although it has played together
only a couple of weeks. It is cap
tained by Phil Wilson, ex-'Ol, an
oltl Stanford tackle, who will play
at half. The other half-back is
Stephens, of the Los Angeles high
school; and Bazatta, of Occidental
College, will probably he at full.
Sabichi, an old Berkeley man, will
be at center; Tappan, from Cornell,
at right tackle; and "Pop" lientley,
'01, at left tackle. The other posi
tions will probably he filled with
University of Southern California
men.
Captain Fisher will take the men
into the game as announced in
Thursday's Palo Alto. Clark will
go, and should his knee give out
Traeger will he moved out to his
end and Hauvennan put at Trae
ger's tackle.
This afternoon the football men
left for Los Angeles, as announced
in this paper last evening. Cap
tain Fisher received a letter this
morning from Manager Edwards
stating definitely that a game
would be played on next Saturday
between Stanford and Pomona
College at Los Angeles, and that it
was expected to attract a larger
crowd than the game with - the Los
Angeles team.
The Pomona team won the
championship of Southern Cali
fornia last year, hut is not nearly
so strong now as it was then. It
has been defeated by the Perris
Indian School team, and was scored
against by Occidental College.
The Los Angeles eleven which
the Varsity plays on Thanksgiving
is thought to be much the stronger
although it has played together
only a couple of weeks. It is cap
tained by Phil Wilson, ex-'Ol, an
oltl Stanford tackle, who will play
at half. The other half-back is
Stephens, of the Los Angeles high
school; and Bazatta, of Occidental
College, will probably he at full.
Sabichi, an old Berkeley man, will
be at center; Tappan, from Cornell,
at right tackle; and "Pop" lientley,
'01, at left tackle. The other posi
tions will probably he filled with
University of Southern California
men.
Captain Fisher will take the men
into the game as announced in
Thursday's Palo Alto. Clark will
go, and should his knee give out
Traeger will he moved out to his
end and Hauvennan put at Trae
ger's tackle.
This afternoon the football men
left for Los Angeles, as announced
in this paper last evening. Cap
tain Fisher received a letter this
morning from Manager Edwards
stating definitely that a game
would be played on next Saturday
between Stanford and Pomona
College at Los Angeles, and that it
was expected to attract a larger
crowd than the game with - the Los
Angeles team.
The Pomona team won the
championship of Southern Cali
fornia last year, hut is not nearly
so strong now as it was then. It
has been defeated by the Perris
Indian School team, and was scored
against by Occidental College.
The Los Angeles eleven which
the Varsity plays on Thanksgiving
is thought to be much the stronger
although it has played together
only a couple of weeks. It is cap
tained by Phil Wilson, ex-'Ol, an
oltl Stanford tackle, who will play
at half. The other half-back is
Stephens, of the Los Angeles high
school; and Bazatta, of Occidental
College, will probably he at full.
Sabichi, an old Berkeley man, will
be at center; Tappan, from Cornell,
at right tackle; and "Pop" lientley,
'01, at left tackle. The other posi
tions will probably he filled with
University of Southern California
men.
Captain Fisher will take the men
into the game as announced in
Thursday's Palo Alto. Clark will
go, and should his knee give out
Traeger will he moved out to his
end and Hauvennan put at Trae
ger's tackle.
This afternoon the football men
left for Los Angeles, as announced
in this paper last evening. Cap
tain Fisher received a letter this
morning from Manager Edwards
stating definitely that a game
would be played on next Saturday
between Stanford and Pomona
College at Los Angeles, and that it
was expected to attract a larger
crowd than the game with - the Los
Angeles team.
The Pomona team won the
championship of Southern Cali
fornia last year, hut is not nearly
so strong now as it was then. It
has been defeated by the Perris
Indian School team, and was scored
against by Occidental College.
The Los Angeles eleven which
the Varsity plays on Thanksgiving
is thought to be much the stronger
although it has played together
only a couple of weeks. It is cap
tained by Phil Wilson, ex-'Ol, an
oltl Stanford tackle, who will play
at half. The other half-back is
Stephens, of the Los Angeles high
school; and Bazatta, of Occidental
College, will probably he at full.
Sabichi, an old Berkeley man, will
be at center; Tappan, from Cornell,
at right tackle; and "Pop" lientley,
'01, at left tackle. The other posi
tions will probably he filled with
University of Southern California
men.
Captain Fisher will take the men
into the game as announced in
Thursday's Palo Alto. Clark will
go, and should his knee give out
Traeger will he moved out to his
end and Hauvennan put at Trae
ger's tackle.
This afternoon the football men
left for Los Angeles, as announced
in this paper last evening. Cap
tain Fisher received a letter this
morning from Manager Edwards
stating definitely that a game
would be played on next Saturday
between Stanford and Pomona
College at Los Angeles, and that it
was expected to attract a larger
crowd than the game with - the Los
Angeles team.
The Pomona team won the
championship of Southern Cali
fornia last year, hut is not nearly
so strong now as it was then. It
has been defeated by the Perris
Indian School team, and was scored
against by Occidental College.
The Los Angeles eleven which
the Varsity plays on Thanksgiving
is thought to be much the stronger
although it has played together
only a couple of weeks. It is cap
tained by Phil Wilson, ex-'Ol, an
oltl Stanford tackle, who will play
at half. The other half-back is
Stephens, of the Los Angeles high
school; and Bazatta, of Occidental
College, will probably he at full.
Sabichi, an old Berkeley man, will
be at center; Tappan, from Cornell,
at right tackle; and "Pop" lientley,
'01, at left tackle. The other posi
tions will probably he filled with
University of Southern California
men.
Captain Fisher will take the men
into the game as announced in
Thursday's Palo Alto. Clark will
go, and should his knee give out
Traeger will he moved out to his
end and Hauvennan put at Trae
ger's tackle.
This afternoon the football men
left for Los Angeles, as announced
in this paper last evening. Cap
tain Fisher received a letter this
morning from Manager Edwards
stating definitely that a game
would be played on next Saturday
between Stanford and Pomona
College at Los Angeles, and that it
was expected to attract a larger
crowd than the game with - the Los
Angeles team.
The Pomona team won the
championship of Southern Cali
fornia last year, hut is not nearly
so strong now as it was then. It
has been defeated by the Perris
Indian School team, and was scored
against by Occidental College.
The Los Angeles eleven which
the Varsity plays on Thanksgiving
is thought to be much the stronger
although it has played together
only a couple of weeks. It is cap
tained by Phil Wilson, ex-'Ol, an
oltl Stanford tackle, who will play
at half. The other half-back is
Stephens, of the Los Angeles high
school; and Bazatta, of Occidental
College, will probably he at full.
Sabichi, an old Berkeley man, will
be at center; Tappan, from Cornell,
at right tackle; and "Pop" lientley,
'01, at left tackle. The other posi
tions will probably he filled with
University of Southern California
men.
Captain Fisher will take the men
into the game as announced in
Thursday's Palo Alto. Clark will
go, and should his knee give out
Traeger will he moved out to his
end and Hauvennan put at Trae
ger's tackle.
This afternoon the football men
left for Los Angeles, as announced
in this paper last evening. Cap
tain Fisher received a letter this
morning from Manager Edwards
stating definitely that a game
would be played on next Saturday
between Stanford and Pomona
College at Los Angeles, and that it
was expected to attract a larger
crowd than the game with - the Los
Angeles team.
The Pomona team won the
championship of Southern Cali
fornia last year, hut is not nearly
so strong now as it was then. It
has been defeated by the Perris
Indian School team, and was scored
against by Occidental College.
The Los Angeles eleven which
the Varsity plays on Thanksgiving
is thought to be much the stronger
although it has played together
only a couple of weeks. It is cap
tained by Phil Wilson, ex-'Ol, an
oltl Stanford tackle, who will play
at half. The other half-back is
Stephens, of the Los Angeles high
school; and Bazatta, of Occidental
College, will probably he at full.
Sabichi, an old Berkeley man, will
be at center; Tappan, from Cornell,
at right tackle; and "Pop" lientley,
'01, at left tackle. The other posi
tions will probably he filled with
University of Southern California
men.
Captain Fisher will take the men
into the game as announced in
Thursday's Palo Alto. Clark will
go, and should his knee give out
Traeger will he moved out to his
end and Hauvennan put at Trae
ger's tackle.
This afternoon the football men
left for Los Angeles, as announced
in this paper last evening. Cap
tain Fisher received a letter this
morning from Manager Edwards
stating definitely that a game
would be played on next Saturday
between Stanford and Pomona
College at Los Angeles, and that it
was expected to attract a larger
crowd than the game with - the Los
Angeles team.
The Pomona team won the
championship of Southern Cali
fornia last year, hut is not nearly
so strong now as it was then. It
has been defeated by the Perris
Indian School team, and was scored
against by Occidental College.
The Los Angeles eleven which
the Varsity plays on Thanksgiving
is thought to be much the stronger
although it has played together
only a couple of weeks. It is cap
tained by Phil Wilson, ex-'Ol, an
oltl Stanford tackle, who will play
at half. The other half-back is
Stephens, of the Los Angeles high
school; and Bazatta, of Occidental
College, will probably he at full.
Sabichi, an old Berkeley man, will
be at center; Tappan, from Cornell,
at right tackle; and "Pop" lientley,
'01, at left tackle. The other posi
tions will probably he filled with
University of Southern California
men.
Captain Fisher will take the men
into the game as announced in
Thursday's Palo Alto. Clark will
go, and should his knee give out
Traeger will he moved out to his
end and Hauvennan put at Trae
ger's tackle.
