# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
Buy War bonds Today
I ~ I
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of e>es you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
t 1
Buy War bonds Today
I ~ I
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of e>es you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
t 1
Buy War bonds Today
I ~ I
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of e>es you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
t 1
Buy War bonds Today
I ~ I
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of e>es you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
t 1
Buy War bonds Today
I ~ I
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of e>es you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
t 1
Buy War bonds Today
I ~ I
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of e>es you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
t 1
Buy War bonds Today
I ~ I
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of e>es you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
t 1
Buy War bonds Today
I ~ I
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of e>es you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
t 1
Buy War bonds Today
I ~ I
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of e>es you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
t 1
Buy War bonds Today
I ~ I
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of e>es you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
t 1
Buy War bonds Today
I ~ I
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of e>es you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
t 1
Buy War bonds Today
I ~ I
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of e>es you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
t 1
Buy War bonds Today
I ~ I
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of e>es you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
t 1
Buy War bonds Today
I ~ I
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of e>es you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
t 1
Buy War bonds Today
I ~ I
OF ALL KNOWLEDGE
85%
is gained through the only
pair of e>es you will ever
have.
Dr. E. A. Cochran
Dr. Robert H. Windeler
Stanford *35
OPTOMETRISTS
For Appointment
P.A. 5512 509 Emerson St.
t 1
