# Untitled Article
## 
### 

"Any landing: you can walk away from is a good landing"—-this flyers
maxim is illustrated by Lt. S. F. Ford, fighter pilot of Baltimore !Wd..
who staggers from the crash landing' site of his P-38. Lt. ford was
downed in flames over Mindoro Island, I'. 1., bv a Jap Zero.

"Any landing: you can walk away from is a good landing"—-this flyers
maxim is illustrated by Lt. S. F. Ford, fighter pilot of Baltimore !Wd..
who staggers from the crash landing' site of his P-38. Lt. ford was
downed in flames over Mindoro Island, I'. 1., bv a Jap Zero.

"Any landing: you can walk away from is a good landing"—-this flyers
maxim is illustrated by Lt. S. F. Ford, fighter pilot of Baltimore !Wd..
who staggers from the crash landing' site of his P-38. Lt. ford was
downed in flames over Mindoro Island, I'. 1., bv a Jap Zero.

"Any landing: you can walk away from is a good landing"—-this flyers
maxim is illustrated by Lt. S. F. Ford, fighter pilot of Baltimore !Wd..
who staggers from the crash landing' site of his P-38. Lt. ford was
downed in flames over Mindoro Island, I'. 1., bv a Jap Zero.

"Any landing: you can walk away from is a good landing"—-this flyers
maxim is illustrated by Lt. S. F. Ford, fighter pilot of Baltimore !Wd..
who staggers from the crash landing' site of his P-38. Lt. ford was
downed in flames over Mindoro Island, I'. 1., bv a Jap Zero.

"Any landing: you can walk away from is a good landing"—-this flyers
maxim is illustrated by Lt. S. F. Ford, fighter pilot of Baltimore !Wd..
who staggers from the crash landing' site of his P-38. Lt. ford was
downed in flames over Mindoro Island, I'. 1., bv a Jap Zero.

"Any landing: you can walk away from is a good landing"—-this flyers
maxim is illustrated by Lt. S. F. Ford, fighter pilot of Baltimore !Wd..
who staggers from the crash landing' site of his P-38. Lt. ford was
downed in flames over Mindoro Island, I'. 1., bv a Jap Zero.

"Any landing: you can walk away from is a good landing"—-this flyers
maxim is illustrated by Lt. S. F. Ford, fighter pilot of Baltimore !Wd..
who staggers from the crash landing' site of his P-38. Lt. ford was
downed in flames over Mindoro Island, I'. 1., bv a Jap Zero.

"Any landing: you can walk away from is a good landing"—-this flyers
maxim is illustrated by Lt. S. F. Ford, fighter pilot of Baltimore !Wd..
who staggers from the crash landing' site of his P-38. Lt. ford was
downed in flames over Mindoro Island, I'. 1., bv a Jap Zero.

"Any landing: you can walk away from is a good landing"—-this flyers
maxim is illustrated by Lt. S. F. Ford, fighter pilot of Baltimore !Wd..
who staggers from the crash landing' site of his P-38. Lt. ford was
downed in flames over Mindoro Island, I'. 1., bv a Jap Zero.

"Any landing: you can walk away from is a good landing"—-this flyers
maxim is illustrated by Lt. S. F. Ford, fighter pilot of Baltimore !Wd..
who staggers from the crash landing' site of his P-38. Lt. ford was
downed in flames over Mindoro Island, I'. 1., bv a Jap Zero.

"Any landing: you can walk away from is a good landing"—-this flyers
maxim is illustrated by Lt. S. F. Ford, fighter pilot of Baltimore !Wd..
who staggers from the crash landing' site of his P-38. Lt. ford was
downed in flames over Mindoro Island, I'. 1., bv a Jap Zero.

"Any landing: you can walk away from is a good landing"—-this flyers
maxim is illustrated by Lt. S. F. Ford, fighter pilot of Baltimore !Wd..
who staggers from the crash landing' site of his P-38. Lt. ford was
downed in flames over Mindoro Island, I'. 1., bv a Jap Zero.

"Any landing: you can walk away from is a good landing"—-this flyers
maxim is illustrated by Lt. S. F. Ford, fighter pilot of Baltimore !Wd..
who staggers from the crash landing' site of his P-38. Lt. ford was
downed in flames over Mindoro Island, I'. 1., bv a Jap Zero.

"Any landing: you can walk away from is a good landing"—-this flyers
maxim is illustrated by Lt. S. F. Ford, fighter pilot of Baltimore !Wd..
who staggers from the crash landing' site of his P-38. Lt. ford was
downed in flames over Mindoro Island, I'. 1., bv a Jap Zero.
