# Inter-Varsity
## 
### 
Inter-Varsity will meet at 8 p. m.
this evening in the Vestry of Me
morial Church.
Inter-Varsity will meet at 8 p. m.
this evening in the Vestry of Me
morial Church.
Inter-Varsity will meet at 8 p. m.
this evening in the Vestry of Me
morial Church.
Inter-Varsity will meet at 8 p. m.
this evening in the Vestry of Me
morial Church.
Inter-Varsity will meet at 8 p. m.
this evening in the Vestry of Me
morial Church.
Inter-Varsity will meet at 8 p. m.
this evening in the Vestry of Me
morial Church.
Inter-Varsity will meet at 8 p. m.
this evening in the Vestry of Me
morial Church.
Inter-Varsity will meet at 8 p. m.
this evening in the Vestry of Me
morial Church.
Inter-Varsity will meet at 8 p. m.
this evening in the Vestry of Me
morial Church.
Inter-Varsity will meet at 8 p. m.
this evening in the Vestry of Me
morial Church.
Inter-Varsity will meet at 8 p. m.
this evening in the Vestry of Me
morial Church.
Inter-Varsity will meet at 8 p. m.
this evening in the Vestry of Me
morial Church.
Inter-Varsity will meet at 8 p. m.
this evening in the Vestry of Me
morial Church.
Inter-Varsity will meet at 8 p. m.
this evening in the Vestry of Me
morial Church.
Inter-Varsity will meet at 8 p. m.
this evening in the Vestry of Me
morial Church.
