# Wilbur Returns From Georgia
## 
### 
President Ray Lyman Wilbur
will resume his duties at Stanford
today following his return from a
two weeks' trip East where he at
tended meetings of the Association
of American Universities, the Insti
tute of Pacific Relations, and other
organizations.
He attended a hearing of a special
investigating committee of the
Southern American Medical Asso
ciation at Atlanta, Ga. The hear
ing concerned an investigation of
the action of Governor Talmadge of
Georgia in interfering with the ad
ministration of the University of
Georgia.
The special committee was in
structed to determine whether or
not it would recommend to the
Southern Association that, the Uni
versity of Georgia should be con
tinued in good standing. Loss of
recognition would mean that the
university's medical students would
not be able to take state examina
tions outside Georgia. Dr. Wilbur
is chairman of the council on medi
cal education and hospitals of the
American Medical Association.
