# CARILLON RECITAL
## 
### 
James Lawson, University carij
loimeur, began his regular Wednes
day evening carillon recital at 6:30
last night with Bach's chorale,
"Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring," a
group of negro spirituals, and fin
ished with Bach's "Toccata in D
Minor."
Card games originated among the
Hindus and Chinese.
James Lawson, University carij
loimeur, began his regular Wednes
day evening carillon recital at 6:30
last night with Bach's chorale,
"Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring," a
group of negro spirituals, and fin
ished with Bach's "Toccata in D
Minor."
Card games originated among the
Hindus and Chinese.
James Lawson, University carij
loimeur, began his regular Wednes
day evening carillon recital at 6:30
last night with Bach's chorale,
"Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring," a
group of negro spirituals, and fin
ished with Bach's "Toccata in D
Minor."
Card games originated among the
Hindus and Chinese.
James Lawson, University carij
loimeur, began his regular Wednes
day evening carillon recital at 6:30
last night with Bach's chorale,
"Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring," a
group of negro spirituals, and fin
ished with Bach's "Toccata in D
Minor."
Card games originated among the
Hindus and Chinese.
James Lawson, University carij
loimeur, began his regular Wednes
day evening carillon recital at 6:30
last night with Bach's chorale,
"Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring," a
group of negro spirituals, and fin
ished with Bach's "Toccata in D
Minor."
Card games originated among the
Hindus and Chinese.
James Lawson, University carij
loimeur, began his regular Wednes
day evening carillon recital at 6:30
last night with Bach's chorale,
"Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring," a
group of negro spirituals, and fin
ished with Bach's "Toccata in D
Minor."
Card games originated among the
Hindus and Chinese.
James Lawson, University carij
loimeur, began his regular Wednes
day evening carillon recital at 6:30
last night with Bach's chorale,
"Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring," a
group of negro spirituals, and fin
ished with Bach's "Toccata in D
Minor."
Card games originated among the
Hindus and Chinese.
James Lawson, University carij
loimeur, began his regular Wednes
day evening carillon recital at 6:30
last night with Bach's chorale,
"Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring," a
group of negro spirituals, and fin
ished with Bach's "Toccata in D
Minor."
Card games originated among the
Hindus and Chinese.
James Lawson, University carij
loimeur, began his regular Wednes
day evening carillon recital at 6:30
last night with Bach's chorale,
"Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring," a
group of negro spirituals, and fin
ished with Bach's "Toccata in D
Minor."
Card games originated among the
Hindus and Chinese.
James Lawson, University carij
loimeur, began his regular Wednes
day evening carillon recital at 6:30
last night with Bach's chorale,
"Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring," a
group of negro spirituals, and fin
ished with Bach's "Toccata in D
Minor."
Card games originated among the
Hindus and Chinese.
James Lawson, University carij
loimeur, began his regular Wednes
day evening carillon recital at 6:30
last night with Bach's chorale,
"Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring," a
group of negro spirituals, and fin
ished with Bach's "Toccata in D
Minor."
Card games originated among the
Hindus and Chinese.
James Lawson, University carij
loimeur, began his regular Wednes
day evening carillon recital at 6:30
last night with Bach's chorale,
"Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring," a
group of negro spirituals, and fin
ished with Bach's "Toccata in D
Minor."
Card games originated among the
Hindus and Chinese.
James Lawson, University carij
loimeur, began his regular Wednes
day evening carillon recital at 6:30
last night with Bach's chorale,
"Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring," a
group of negro spirituals, and fin
ished with Bach's "Toccata in D
Minor."
Card games originated among the
Hindus and Chinese.
James Lawson, University carij
loimeur, began his regular Wednes
day evening carillon recital at 6:30
last night with Bach's chorale,
"Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring," a
group of negro spirituals, and fin
ished with Bach's "Toccata in D
Minor."
Card games originated among the
Hindus and Chinese.
James Lawson, University carij
loimeur, began his regular Wednes
day evening carillon recital at 6:30
last night with Bach's chorale,
"Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring," a
group of negro spirituals, and fin
ished with Bach's "Toccata in D
Minor."
Card games originated among the
Hindus and Chinese.
James Lawson, University carij
loimeur, began his regular Wednes
day evening carillon recital at 6:30
last night with Bach's chorale,
"Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring," a
group of negro spirituals, and fin
ished with Bach's "Toccata in D
Minor."
Card games originated among the
Hindus and Chinese.
James Lawson, University carij
loimeur, began his regular Wednes
day evening carillon recital at 6:30
last night with Bach's chorale,
"Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring," a
group of negro spirituals, and fin
ished with Bach's "Toccata in D
Minor."
Card games originated among the
Hindus and Chinese.
James Lawson, University carij
loimeur, began his regular Wednes
day evening carillon recital at 6:30
last night with Bach's chorale,
"Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring," a
group of negro spirituals, and fin
ished with Bach's "Toccata in D
Minor."
Card games originated among the
Hindus and Chinese.
