# Hess Says Hitler Will Try Invasion
## 
### 
LONDON, Nov. 12 (UP).—Prime
Minister Churchill said today that
according to Rudolf Hess, Germany
planned to starve Britain rather
than try an invasion, but that the
plan had failed and an invasion at
tempt must be expected in the
spring.
British ship losses in the last
four months dropped to 180,000 tons
a month, he said, while Axis ship
ping sunk or damaged totaled 250,-
000 tons a month.
Taking for granted that any in
vaders would be beaten off, Church
ill, addressing a new session of Com
mons, looked ahead to the day—he
said it might come in 1943—'when
vastly expanded British military
operations would be possible, borne
by great new fleets of British and
American ships.
