# Pryor to Speak At Dames Meeting
## 
### 
Dr. Helen Pryor will be the speak
er al a general meeting of the Stan
ford Dames tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m. Her topic
will be "Home Relationship."
The Stanford Dames is an organi
zation for married women students
at Stanford and for the wives of
Stanford students. President for
this term is Mrs. John Steinberg of
Palo Alto.
Dr. Helen Pryor will be the speak
er al a general meeting of the Stan
ford Dames tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m. Her topic
will be "Home Relationship."
The Stanford Dames is an organi
zation for married women students
at Stanford and for the wives of
Stanford students. President for
this term is Mrs. John Steinberg of
Palo Alto.
Dr. Helen Pryor will be the speak
er al a general meeting of the Stan
ford Dames tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m. Her topic
will be "Home Relationship."
The Stanford Dames is an organi
zation for married women students
at Stanford and for the wives of
Stanford students. President for
this term is Mrs. John Steinberg of
Palo Alto.
Dr. Helen Pryor will be the speak
er al a general meeting of the Stan
ford Dames tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m. Her topic
will be "Home Relationship."
The Stanford Dames is an organi
zation for married women students
at Stanford and for the wives of
Stanford students. President for
this term is Mrs. John Steinberg of
Palo Alto.
Dr. Helen Pryor will be the speak
er al a general meeting of the Stan
ford Dames tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m. Her topic
will be "Home Relationship."
The Stanford Dames is an organi
zation for married women students
at Stanford and for the wives of
Stanford students. President for
this term is Mrs. John Steinberg of
Palo Alto.
Dr. Helen Pryor will be the speak
er al a general meeting of the Stan
ford Dames tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m. Her topic
will be "Home Relationship."
The Stanford Dames is an organi
zation for married women students
at Stanford and for the wives of
Stanford students. President for
this term is Mrs. John Steinberg of
Palo Alto.
Dr. Helen Pryor will be the speak
er al a general meeting of the Stan
ford Dames tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m. Her topic
will be "Home Relationship."
The Stanford Dames is an organi
zation for married women students
at Stanford and for the wives of
Stanford students. President for
this term is Mrs. John Steinberg of
Palo Alto.
Dr. Helen Pryor will be the speak
er al a general meeting of the Stan
ford Dames tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m. Her topic
will be "Home Relationship."
The Stanford Dames is an organi
zation for married women students
at Stanford and for the wives of
Stanford students. President for
this term is Mrs. John Steinberg of
Palo Alto.
Dr. Helen Pryor will be the speak
er al a general meeting of the Stan
ford Dames tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m. Her topic
will be "Home Relationship."
The Stanford Dames is an organi
zation for married women students
at Stanford and for the wives of
Stanford students. President for
this term is Mrs. John Steinberg of
Palo Alto.
Dr. Helen Pryor will be the speak
er al a general meeting of the Stan
ford Dames tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m. Her topic
will be "Home Relationship."
The Stanford Dames is an organi
zation for married women students
at Stanford and for the wives of
Stanford students. President for
this term is Mrs. John Steinberg of
Palo Alto.
Dr. Helen Pryor will be the speak
er al a general meeting of the Stan
ford Dames tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m. Her topic
will be "Home Relationship."
The Stanford Dames is an organi
zation for married women students
at Stanford and for the wives of
Stanford students. President for
this term is Mrs. John Steinberg of
Palo Alto.
Dr. Helen Pryor will be the speak
er al a general meeting of the Stan
ford Dames tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m. Her topic
will be "Home Relationship."
The Stanford Dames is an organi
zation for married women students
at Stanford and for the wives of
Stanford students. President for
this term is Mrs. John Steinberg of
Palo Alto.
Dr. Helen Pryor will be the speak
er al a general meeting of the Stan
ford Dames tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m. Her topic
will be "Home Relationship."
The Stanford Dames is an organi
zation for married women students
at Stanford and for the wives of
Stanford students. President for
this term is Mrs. John Steinberg of
Palo Alto.
Dr. Helen Pryor will be the speak
er al a general meeting of the Stan
ford Dames tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m. Her topic
will be "Home Relationship."
The Stanford Dames is an organi
zation for married women students
at Stanford and for the wives of
Stanford students. President for
this term is Mrs. John Steinberg of
Palo Alto.
Dr. Helen Pryor will be the speak
er al a general meeting of the Stan
ford Dames tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m. Her topic
will be "Home Relationship."
The Stanford Dames is an organi
zation for married women students
at Stanford and for the wives of
Stanford students. President for
this term is Mrs. John Steinberg of
Palo Alto.
Dr. Helen Pryor will be the speak
er al a general meeting of the Stan
ford Dames tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m. Her topic
will be "Home Relationship."
The Stanford Dames is an organi
zation for married women students
at Stanford and for the wives of
Stanford students. President for
this term is Mrs. John Steinberg of
Palo Alto.
Dr. Helen Pryor will be the speak
er al a general meeting of the Stan
ford Dames tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m. Her topic
will be "Home Relationship."
The Stanford Dames is an organi
zation for married women students
at Stanford and for the wives of
Stanford students. President for
this term is Mrs. John Steinberg of
Palo Alto.
Dr. Helen Pryor will be the speak
er al a general meeting of the Stan
ford Dames tonight in the Women's
Clubhouse at 7:30 p.m. Her topic
will be "Home Relationship."
The Stanford Dames is an organi
zation for married women students
at Stanford and for the wives of
Stanford students. President for
this term is Mrs. John Steinberg of
Palo Alto.
