# Adv. 30 Page 6
## 
### 
n
Hi I lei New
Today at 12 NOON at Clubhouse
served 50c by Loving Jewish Moth
I
n
Hi I lei New
Today at 12 NOON at Clubhouse
served 50c by Loving Jewish Moth
I
n
Hi I lei New
Today at 12 NOON at Clubhouse
served 50c by Loving Jewish Moth
I
n
Hi I lei New
Today at 12 NOON at Clubhouse
served 50c by Loving Jewish Moth
I
n
Hi I lei New
Today at 12 NOON at Clubhouse
served 50c by Loving Jewish Moth
I
n
Hi I lei New
Today at 12 NOON at Clubhouse
served 50c by Loving Jewish Moth
I
n
Hi I lei New
Today at 12 NOON at Clubhouse
served 50c by Loving Jewish Moth
I
n
Hi I lei New
Today at 12 NOON at Clubhouse
served 50c by Loving Jewish Moth
I
n
Hi I lei New
Today at 12 NOON at Clubhouse
served 50c by Loving Jewish Moth
I
n
Hi I lei New
Today at 12 NOON at Clubhouse
served 50c by Loving Jewish Moth
I
n
Hi I lei New
Today at 12 NOON at Clubhouse
served 50c by Loving Jewish Moth
I
n
Hi I lei New
Today at 12 NOON at Clubhouse
served 50c by Loving Jewish Moth
I
n
Hi I lei New
Today at 12 NOON at Clubhouse
served 50c by Loving Jewish Moth
I
n
Hi I lei New
Today at 12 NOON at Clubhouse
served 50c by Loving Jewish Moth
I
n
Hi I lei New
Today at 12 NOON at Clubhouse
served 50c by Loving Jewish Moth
I
