# TRIPOD FITS POCKET
## 
### 
LEIPZIG, Oct. 13 (UP).—Camera
tripods may be Tolded and carried
in one's vest pocket. One form
measures six inches in length and
weighs six ounces. The new vest
pocket camera tripod will be ex
hibited at the Leipzig Fair.
LEIPZIG, Oct. 13 (UP).—Camera
tripods may be Tolded and carried
in one's vest pocket. One form
measures six inches in length and
weighs six ounces. The new vest
pocket camera tripod will be ex
hibited at the Leipzig Fair.
LEIPZIG, Oct. 13 (UP).—Camera
tripods may be Tolded and carried
in one's vest pocket. One form
measures six inches in length and
weighs six ounces. The new vest
pocket camera tripod will be ex
hibited at the Leipzig Fair.
LEIPZIG, Oct. 13 (UP).—Camera
tripods may be Tolded and carried
in one's vest pocket. One form
measures six inches in length and
weighs six ounces. The new vest
pocket camera tripod will be ex
hibited at the Leipzig Fair.
LEIPZIG, Oct. 13 (UP).—Camera
tripods may be Tolded and carried
in one's vest pocket. One form
measures six inches in length and
weighs six ounces. The new vest
pocket camera tripod will be ex
hibited at the Leipzig Fair.
LEIPZIG, Oct. 13 (UP).—Camera
tripods may be Tolded and carried
in one's vest pocket. One form
measures six inches in length and
weighs six ounces. The new vest
pocket camera tripod will be ex
hibited at the Leipzig Fair.
LEIPZIG, Oct. 13 (UP).—Camera
tripods may be Tolded and carried
in one's vest pocket. One form
measures six inches in length and
weighs six ounces. The new vest
pocket camera tripod will be ex
hibited at the Leipzig Fair.
LEIPZIG, Oct. 13 (UP).—Camera
tripods may be Tolded and carried
in one's vest pocket. One form
measures six inches in length and
weighs six ounces. The new vest
pocket camera tripod will be ex
hibited at the Leipzig Fair.
LEIPZIG, Oct. 13 (UP).—Camera
tripods may be Tolded and carried
in one's vest pocket. One form
measures six inches in length and
weighs six ounces. The new vest
pocket camera tripod will be ex
hibited at the Leipzig Fair.
LEIPZIG, Oct. 13 (UP).—Camera
tripods may be Tolded and carried
in one's vest pocket. One form
measures six inches in length and
weighs six ounces. The new vest
pocket camera tripod will be ex
hibited at the Leipzig Fair.
LEIPZIG, Oct. 13 (UP).—Camera
tripods may be Tolded and carried
in one's vest pocket. One form
measures six inches in length and
weighs six ounces. The new vest
pocket camera tripod will be ex
hibited at the Leipzig Fair.
LEIPZIG, Oct. 13 (UP).—Camera
tripods may be Tolded and carried
in one's vest pocket. One form
measures six inches in length and
weighs six ounces. The new vest
pocket camera tripod will be ex
hibited at the Leipzig Fair.
LEIPZIG, Oct. 13 (UP).—Camera
tripods may be Tolded and carried
in one's vest pocket. One form
measures six inches in length and
weighs six ounces. The new vest
pocket camera tripod will be ex
hibited at the Leipzig Fair.
LEIPZIG, Oct. 13 (UP).—Camera
tripods may be Tolded and carried
in one's vest pocket. One form
measures six inches in length and
weighs six ounces. The new vest
pocket camera tripod will be ex
hibited at the Leipzig Fair.
LEIPZIG, Oct. 13 (UP).—Camera
tripods may be Tolded and carried
in one's vest pocket. One form
measures six inches in length and
weighs six ounces. The new vest
pocket camera tripod will be ex
hibited at the Leipzig Fair.
LEIPZIG, Oct. 13 (UP).—Camera
tripods may be Tolded and carried
in one's vest pocket. One form
measures six inches in length and
weighs six ounces. The new vest
pocket camera tripod will be ex
hibited at the Leipzig Fair.
