# Few Concert Seats Left To Be Sold
## 
### 
The remaining 150 seats for sea- j
son ticket Concert Scries buyers
are expected to be bought up by stu
dents in the next few days, accord
ing to Delphine Joy, Concert Series
manager. The $2 seats are sold out
and the few remaining $3 scats are
going fast.
Thirty students have been chosen
by Delphine Joy to serve as ushers
for the year. The students are as
follows:
Harriet Nash (head), Dorothy
Belcher, Ruth Harris, Virginia Pal
mer, Doris Dow, Jane Harrington,
Dree Witt, Marie Head, Shirley
Okell, Carolyn Smith, Caryl Parker,
Mary Beach, Charlotte Rush, Betty
Boardman, Betty Ingels, Harva
Sprager, Helen Ford, Eileen Sulli
van, Jean ShcrifT, Betty Jane Ben- J
ney, Frances Wilson.
Marion Steinlein, Dorothea Harr.
Theodora Kreps, Voilet Schoning.;
Riythelen List, Fred Jerry, Jack
Lany, Dick Braun, Bohdon Witruak,
John Scoles, Oliver Cope. Vern
Leahy. Letf Bonar (head), William
Hite, Lyle Cook. Jack Grover, and j
Dick Palmer. I
The remaining 150 seats for sea- j
son ticket Concert Scries buyers
are expected to be bought up by stu
dents in the next few days, accord
ing to Delphine Joy, Concert Series
manager. The $2 seats are sold out
and the few remaining $3 scats are
going fast.
Thirty students have been chosen
by Delphine Joy to serve as ushers
for the year. The students are as
follows:
Harriet Nash (head), Dorothy
Belcher, Ruth Harris, Virginia Pal
mer, Doris Dow, Jane Harrington,
Dree Witt, Marie Head, Shirley
Okell, Carolyn Smith, Caryl Parker,
Mary Beach, Charlotte Rush, Betty
Boardman, Betty Ingels, Harva
Sprager, Helen Ford, Eileen Sulli
van, Jean ShcrifT, Betty Jane Ben- J
ney, Frances Wilson.
Marion Steinlein, Dorothea Harr.
Theodora Kreps, Voilet Schoning.;
Riythelen List, Fred Jerry, Jack
Lany, Dick Braun, Bohdon Witruak,
John Scoles, Oliver Cope. Vern
Leahy. Letf Bonar (head), William
Hite, Lyle Cook. Jack Grover, and j
Dick Palmer. I
The remaining 150 seats for sea- j
son ticket Concert Scries buyers
are expected to be bought up by stu
dents in the next few days, accord
ing to Delphine Joy, Concert Series
manager. The $2 seats are sold out
and the few remaining $3 scats are
going fast.
Thirty students have been chosen
by Delphine Joy to serve as ushers
for the year. The students are as
follows:
Harriet Nash (head), Dorothy
Belcher, Ruth Harris, Virginia Pal
mer, Doris Dow, Jane Harrington,
Dree Witt, Marie Head, Shirley
Okell, Carolyn Smith, Caryl Parker,
Mary Beach, Charlotte Rush, Betty
Boardman, Betty Ingels, Harva
Sprager, Helen Ford, Eileen Sulli
van, Jean ShcrifT, Betty Jane Ben- J
ney, Frances Wilson.
Marion Steinlein, Dorothea Harr.
Theodora Kreps, Voilet Schoning.;
Riythelen List, Fred Jerry, Jack
Lany, Dick Braun, Bohdon Witruak,
John Scoles, Oliver Cope. Vern
Leahy. Letf Bonar (head), William
Hite, Lyle Cook. Jack Grover, and j
Dick Palmer. I
The remaining 150 seats for sea- j
son ticket Concert Scries buyers
are expected to be bought up by stu
dents in the next few days, accord
ing to Delphine Joy, Concert Series
manager. The $2 seats are sold out
and the few remaining $3 scats are
going fast.
Thirty students have been chosen
by Delphine Joy to serve as ushers
for the year. The students are as
follows:
Harriet Nash (head), Dorothy
Belcher, Ruth Harris, Virginia Pal
mer, Doris Dow, Jane Harrington,
Dree Witt, Marie Head, Shirley
Okell, Carolyn Smith, Caryl Parker,
Mary Beach, Charlotte Rush, Betty
Boardman, Betty Ingels, Harva
Sprager, Helen Ford, Eileen Sulli
van, Jean ShcrifT, Betty Jane Ben- J
ney, Frances Wilson.
Marion Steinlein, Dorothea Harr.
Theodora Kreps, Voilet Schoning.;
Riythelen List, Fred Jerry, Jack
Lany, Dick Braun, Bohdon Witruak,
John Scoles, Oliver Cope. Vern
Leahy. Letf Bonar (head), William
Hite, Lyle Cook. Jack Grover, and j
Dick Palmer. I
The remaining 150 seats for sea- j
son ticket Concert Scries buyers
are expected to be bought up by stu
dents in the next few days, accord
ing to Delphine Joy, Concert Series
manager. The $2 seats are sold out
and the few remaining $3 scats are
going fast.
Thirty students have been chosen
by Delphine Joy to serve as ushers
for the year. The students are as
follows:
Harriet Nash (head), Dorothy
Belcher, Ruth Harris, Virginia Pal
mer, Doris Dow, Jane Harrington,
Dree Witt, Marie Head, Shirley
Okell, Carolyn Smith, Caryl Parker,
Mary Beach, Charlotte Rush, Betty
Boardman, Betty Ingels, Harva
Sprager, Helen Ford, Eileen Sulli
van, Jean ShcrifT, Betty Jane Ben- J
ney, Frances Wilson.
Marion Steinlein, Dorothea Harr.
Theodora Kreps, Voilet Schoning.;
Riythelen List, Fred Jerry, Jack
Lany, Dick Braun, Bohdon Witruak,
John Scoles, Oliver Cope. Vern
Leahy. Letf Bonar (head), William
Hite, Lyle Cook. Jack Grover, and j
Dick Palmer. I
The remaining 150 seats for sea- j
son ticket Concert Scries buyers
are expected to be bought up by stu
dents in the next few days, accord
ing to Delphine Joy, Concert Series
manager. The $2 seats are sold out
and the few remaining $3 scats are
going fast.
Thirty students have been chosen
by Delphine Joy to serve as ushers
for the year. The students are as
follows:
Harriet Nash (head), Dorothy
Belcher, Ruth Harris, Virginia Pal
mer, Doris Dow, Jane Harrington,
Dree Witt, Marie Head, Shirley
Okell, Carolyn Smith, Caryl Parker,
Mary Beach, Charlotte Rush, Betty
Boardman, Betty Ingels, Harva
Sprager, Helen Ford, Eileen Sulli
van, Jean ShcrifT, Betty Jane Ben- J
ney, Frances Wilson.
Marion Steinlein, Dorothea Harr.
Theodora Kreps, Voilet Schoning.;
Riythelen List, Fred Jerry, Jack
Lany, Dick Braun, Bohdon Witruak,
John Scoles, Oliver Cope. Vern
Leahy. Letf Bonar (head), William
Hite, Lyle Cook. Jack Grover, and j
Dick Palmer. I
The remaining 150 seats for sea- j
son ticket Concert Scries buyers
are expected to be bought up by stu
dents in the next few days, accord
ing to Delphine Joy, Concert Series
manager. The $2 seats are sold out
and the few remaining $3 scats are
going fast.
Thirty students have been chosen
by Delphine Joy to serve as ushers
for the year. The students are as
follows:
Harriet Nash (head), Dorothy
Belcher, Ruth Harris, Virginia Pal
mer, Doris Dow, Jane Harrington,
Dree Witt, Marie Head, Shirley
Okell, Carolyn Smith, Caryl Parker,
Mary Beach, Charlotte Rush, Betty
Boardman, Betty Ingels, Harva
Sprager, Helen Ford, Eileen Sulli
van, Jean ShcrifT, Betty Jane Ben- J
ney, Frances Wilson.
Marion Steinlein, Dorothea Harr.
Theodora Kreps, Voilet Schoning.;
Riythelen List, Fred Jerry, Jack
Lany, Dick Braun, Bohdon Witruak,
John Scoles, Oliver Cope. Vern
Leahy. Letf Bonar (head), William
Hite, Lyle Cook. Jack Grover, and j
Dick Palmer. I
The remaining 150 seats for sea- j
son ticket Concert Scries buyers
are expected to be bought up by stu
dents in the next few days, accord
ing to Delphine Joy, Concert Series
manager. The $2 seats are sold out
and the few remaining $3 scats are
going fast.
Thirty students have been chosen
by Delphine Joy to serve as ushers
for the year. The students are as
follows:
Harriet Nash (head), Dorothy
Belcher, Ruth Harris, Virginia Pal
mer, Doris Dow, Jane Harrington,
Dree Witt, Marie Head, Shirley
Okell, Carolyn Smith, Caryl Parker,
Mary Beach, Charlotte Rush, Betty
Boardman, Betty Ingels, Harva
Sprager, Helen Ford, Eileen Sulli
van, Jean ShcrifT, Betty Jane Ben- J
ney, Frances Wilson.
Marion Steinlein, Dorothea Harr.
Theodora Kreps, Voilet Schoning.;
Riythelen List, Fred Jerry, Jack
Lany, Dick Braun, Bohdon Witruak,
John Scoles, Oliver Cope. Vern
Leahy. Letf Bonar (head), William
Hite, Lyle Cook. Jack Grover, and j
Dick Palmer. I
The remaining 150 seats for sea- j
son ticket Concert Scries buyers
are expected to be bought up by stu
dents in the next few days, accord
ing to Delphine Joy, Concert Series
manager. The $2 seats are sold out
and the few remaining $3 scats are
going fast.
Thirty students have been chosen
by Delphine Joy to serve as ushers
for the year. The students are as
follows:
Harriet Nash (head), Dorothy
Belcher, Ruth Harris, Virginia Pal
mer, Doris Dow, Jane Harrington,
Dree Witt, Marie Head, Shirley
Okell, Carolyn Smith, Caryl Parker,
Mary Beach, Charlotte Rush, Betty
Boardman, Betty Ingels, Harva
Sprager, Helen Ford, Eileen Sulli
van, Jean ShcrifT, Betty Jane Ben- J
ney, Frances Wilson.
Marion Steinlein, Dorothea Harr.
Theodora Kreps, Voilet Schoning.;
Riythelen List, Fred Jerry, Jack
Lany, Dick Braun, Bohdon Witruak,
John Scoles, Oliver Cope. Vern
Leahy. Letf Bonar (head), William
Hite, Lyle Cook. Jack Grover, and j
Dick Palmer. I
The remaining 150 seats for sea- j
son ticket Concert Scries buyers
are expected to be bought up by stu
dents in the next few days, accord
ing to Delphine Joy, Concert Series
manager. The $2 seats are sold out
and the few remaining $3 scats are
going fast.
Thirty students have been chosen
by Delphine Joy to serve as ushers
for the year. The students are as
follows:
Harriet Nash (head), Dorothy
Belcher, Ruth Harris, Virginia Pal
mer, Doris Dow, Jane Harrington,
Dree Witt, Marie Head, Shirley
Okell, Carolyn Smith, Caryl Parker,
Mary Beach, Charlotte Rush, Betty
Boardman, Betty Ingels, Harva
Sprager, Helen Ford, Eileen Sulli
van, Jean ShcrifT, Betty Jane Ben- J
ney, Frances Wilson.
Marion Steinlein, Dorothea Harr.
Theodora Kreps, Voilet Schoning.;
Riythelen List, Fred Jerry, Jack
Lany, Dick Braun, Bohdon Witruak,
John Scoles, Oliver Cope. Vern
Leahy. Letf Bonar (head), William
Hite, Lyle Cook. Jack Grover, and j
Dick Palmer. I
The remaining 150 seats for sea- j
son ticket Concert Scries buyers
are expected to be bought up by stu
dents in the next few days, accord
ing to Delphine Joy, Concert Series
manager. The $2 seats are sold out
and the few remaining $3 scats are
going fast.
Thirty students have been chosen
by Delphine Joy to serve as ushers
for the year. The students are as
follows:
Harriet Nash (head), Dorothy
Belcher, Ruth Harris, Virginia Pal
mer, Doris Dow, Jane Harrington,
Dree Witt, Marie Head, Shirley
Okell, Carolyn Smith, Caryl Parker,
Mary Beach, Charlotte Rush, Betty
Boardman, Betty Ingels, Harva
Sprager, Helen Ford, Eileen Sulli
van, Jean ShcrifT, Betty Jane Ben- J
ney, Frances Wilson.
Marion Steinlein, Dorothea Harr.
Theodora Kreps, Voilet Schoning.;
Riythelen List, Fred Jerry, Jack
Lany, Dick Braun, Bohdon Witruak,
John Scoles, Oliver Cope. Vern
Leahy. Letf Bonar (head), William
Hite, Lyle Cook. Jack Grover, and j
Dick Palmer. I
The remaining 150 seats for sea- j
son ticket Concert Scries buyers
are expected to be bought up by stu
dents in the next few days, accord
ing to Delphine Joy, Concert Series
manager. The $2 seats are sold out
and the few remaining $3 scats are
going fast.
Thirty students have been chosen
by Delphine Joy to serve as ushers
for the year. The students are as
follows:
Harriet Nash (head), Dorothy
Belcher, Ruth Harris, Virginia Pal
mer, Doris Dow, Jane Harrington,
Dree Witt, Marie Head, Shirley
Okell, Carolyn Smith, Caryl Parker,
Mary Beach, Charlotte Rush, Betty
Boardman, Betty Ingels, Harva
Sprager, Helen Ford, Eileen Sulli
van, Jean ShcrifT, Betty Jane Ben- J
ney, Frances Wilson.
Marion Steinlein, Dorothea Harr.
Theodora Kreps, Voilet Schoning.;
Riythelen List, Fred Jerry, Jack
Lany, Dick Braun, Bohdon Witruak,
John Scoles, Oliver Cope. Vern
Leahy. Letf Bonar (head), William
Hite, Lyle Cook. Jack Grover, and j
Dick Palmer. I
The remaining 150 seats for sea- j
son ticket Concert Scries buyers
are expected to be bought up by stu
dents in the next few days, accord
ing to Delphine Joy, Concert Series
manager. The $2 seats are sold out
and the few remaining $3 scats are
going fast.
Thirty students have been chosen
by Delphine Joy to serve as ushers
for the year. The students are as
follows:
Harriet Nash (head), Dorothy
Belcher, Ruth Harris, Virginia Pal
mer, Doris Dow, Jane Harrington,
Dree Witt, Marie Head, Shirley
Okell, Carolyn Smith, Caryl Parker,
Mary Beach, Charlotte Rush, Betty
Boardman, Betty Ingels, Harva
Sprager, Helen Ford, Eileen Sulli
van, Jean ShcrifT, Betty Jane Ben- J
ney, Frances Wilson.
Marion Steinlein, Dorothea Harr.
Theodora Kreps, Voilet Schoning.;
Riythelen List, Fred Jerry, Jack
Lany, Dick Braun, Bohdon Witruak,
John Scoles, Oliver Cope. Vern
Leahy. Letf Bonar (head), William
Hite, Lyle Cook. Jack Grover, and j
Dick Palmer. I
The remaining 150 seats for sea- j
son ticket Concert Scries buyers
are expected to be bought up by stu
dents in the next few days, accord
ing to Delphine Joy, Concert Series
manager. The $2 seats are sold out
and the few remaining $3 scats are
going fast.
Thirty students have been chosen
by Delphine Joy to serve as ushers
for the year. The students are as
follows:
Harriet Nash (head), Dorothy
Belcher, Ruth Harris, Virginia Pal
mer, Doris Dow, Jane Harrington,
Dree Witt, Marie Head, Shirley
Okell, Carolyn Smith, Caryl Parker,
Mary Beach, Charlotte Rush, Betty
Boardman, Betty Ingels, Harva
Sprager, Helen Ford, Eileen Sulli
van, Jean ShcrifT, Betty Jane Ben- J
ney, Frances Wilson.
Marion Steinlein, Dorothea Harr.
Theodora Kreps, Voilet Schoning.;
Riythelen List, Fred Jerry, Jack
Lany, Dick Braun, Bohdon Witruak,
John Scoles, Oliver Cope. Vern
Leahy. Letf Bonar (head), William
Hite, Lyle Cook. Jack Grover, and j
Dick Palmer. I
The remaining 150 seats for sea- j
son ticket Concert Scries buyers
are expected to be bought up by stu
dents in the next few days, accord
ing to Delphine Joy, Concert Series
manager. The $2 seats are sold out
and the few remaining $3 scats are
going fast.
Thirty students have been chosen
by Delphine Joy to serve as ushers
for the year. The students are as
follows:
Harriet Nash (head), Dorothy
Belcher, Ruth Harris, Virginia Pal
mer, Doris Dow, Jane Harrington,
Dree Witt, Marie Head, Shirley
Okell, Carolyn Smith, Caryl Parker,
Mary Beach, Charlotte Rush, Betty
Boardman, Betty Ingels, Harva
Sprager, Helen Ford, Eileen Sulli
van, Jean ShcrifT, Betty Jane Ben- J
ney, Frances Wilson.
Marion Steinlein, Dorothea Harr.
Theodora Kreps, Voilet Schoning.;
Riythelen List, Fred Jerry, Jack
Lany, Dick Braun, Bohdon Witruak,
John Scoles, Oliver Cope. Vern
Leahy. Letf Bonar (head), William
Hite, Lyle Cook. Jack Grover, and j
Dick Palmer. I
The remaining 150 seats for sea- j
son ticket Concert Scries buyers
are expected to be bought up by stu
dents in the next few days, accord
ing to Delphine Joy, Concert Series
manager. The $2 seats are sold out
and the few remaining $3 scats are
going fast.
Thirty students have been chosen
by Delphine Joy to serve as ushers
for the year. The students are as
follows:
Harriet Nash (head), Dorothy
Belcher, Ruth Harris, Virginia Pal
mer, Doris Dow, Jane Harrington,
Dree Witt, Marie Head, Shirley
Okell, Carolyn Smith, Caryl Parker,
Mary Beach, Charlotte Rush, Betty
Boardman, Betty Ingels, Harva
Sprager, Helen Ford, Eileen Sulli
van, Jean ShcrifT, Betty Jane Ben- J
ney, Frances Wilson.
Marion Steinlein, Dorothea Harr.
Theodora Kreps, Voilet Schoning.;
Riythelen List, Fred Jerry, Jack
Lany, Dick Braun, Bohdon Witruak,
John Scoles, Oliver Cope. Vern
Leahy. Letf Bonar (head), William
Hite, Lyle Cook. Jack Grover, and j
Dick Palmer. I
