# GOLF CONTEST SLATED
## 
### 
On Wednesday afternoon, Stanford
golfers will have a chance to show
their prowess in a golf driving con
test to be held on the course at 3
o'clock. Each contestant will drive
three balls, and the average yardage
of all shots within bounds will count
as the score. The competition is open
to all students registered at the Uni
versity.
On Wednesday afternoon, Stanford
golfers will have a chance to show
their prowess in a golf driving con
test to be held on the course at 3
o'clock. Each contestant will drive
three balls, and the average yardage
of all shots within bounds will count
as the score. The competition is open
to all students registered at the Uni
versity.
On Wednesday afternoon, Stanford
golfers will have a chance to show
their prowess in a golf driving con
test to be held on the course at 3
o'clock. Each contestant will drive
three balls, and the average yardage
of all shots within bounds will count
as the score. The competition is open
to all students registered at the Uni
versity.
On Wednesday afternoon, Stanford
golfers will have a chance to show
their prowess in a golf driving con
test to be held on the course at 3
o'clock. Each contestant will drive
three balls, and the average yardage
of all shots within bounds will count
as the score. The competition is open
to all students registered at the Uni
versity.
On Wednesday afternoon, Stanford
golfers will have a chance to show
their prowess in a golf driving con
test to be held on the course at 3
o'clock. Each contestant will drive
three balls, and the average yardage
of all shots within bounds will count
as the score. The competition is open
to all students registered at the Uni
versity.
On Wednesday afternoon, Stanford
golfers will have a chance to show
their prowess in a golf driving con
test to be held on the course at 3
o'clock. Each contestant will drive
three balls, and the average yardage
of all shots within bounds will count
as the score. The competition is open
to all students registered at the Uni
versity.
On Wednesday afternoon, Stanford
golfers will have a chance to show
their prowess in a golf driving con
test to be held on the course at 3
o'clock. Each contestant will drive
three balls, and the average yardage
of all shots within bounds will count
as the score. The competition is open
to all students registered at the Uni
versity.
On Wednesday afternoon, Stanford
golfers will have a chance to show
their prowess in a golf driving con
test to be held on the course at 3
o'clock. Each contestant will drive
three balls, and the average yardage
of all shots within bounds will count
as the score. The competition is open
to all students registered at the Uni
versity.
On Wednesday afternoon, Stanford
golfers will have a chance to show
their prowess in a golf driving con
test to be held on the course at 3
o'clock. Each contestant will drive
three balls, and the average yardage
of all shots within bounds will count
as the score. The competition is open
to all students registered at the Uni
versity.
On Wednesday afternoon, Stanford
golfers will have a chance to show
their prowess in a golf driving con
test to be held on the course at 3
o'clock. Each contestant will drive
three balls, and the average yardage
of all shots within bounds will count
as the score. The competition is open
to all students registered at the Uni
versity.
On Wednesday afternoon, Stanford
golfers will have a chance to show
their prowess in a golf driving con
test to be held on the course at 3
o'clock. Each contestant will drive
three balls, and the average yardage
of all shots within bounds will count
as the score. The competition is open
to all students registered at the Uni
versity.
On Wednesday afternoon, Stanford
golfers will have a chance to show
their prowess in a golf driving con
test to be held on the course at 3
o'clock. Each contestant will drive
three balls, and the average yardage
of all shots within bounds will count
as the score. The competition is open
to all students registered at the Uni
versity.
On Wednesday afternoon, Stanford
golfers will have a chance to show
their prowess in a golf driving con
test to be held on the course at 3
o'clock. Each contestant will drive
three balls, and the average yardage
of all shots within bounds will count
as the score. The competition is open
to all students registered at the Uni
versity.
On Wednesday afternoon, Stanford
golfers will have a chance to show
their prowess in a golf driving con
test to be held on the course at 3
o'clock. Each contestant will drive
three balls, and the average yardage
of all shots within bounds will count
as the score. The competition is open
to all students registered at the Uni
versity.
On Wednesday afternoon, Stanford
golfers will have a chance to show
their prowess in a golf driving con
test to be held on the course at 3
o'clock. Each contestant will drive
three balls, and the average yardage
of all shots within bounds will count
as the score. The competition is open
to all students registered at the Uni
versity.
On Wednesday afternoon, Stanford
golfers will have a chance to show
their prowess in a golf driving con
test to be held on the course at 3
o'clock. Each contestant will drive
three balls, and the average yardage
of all shots within bounds will count
as the score. The competition is open
to all students registered at the Uni
versity.
