# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Cfues /v m
from {fyr
the JStlMk
"PLEDGE!"
"Lend me your new crepe
dress from the Clothes
Closet," demands Big Sis
ter. And small pledge
lends smilingly, for being
wise she knows Clothes
Closet dresses bring re
sults.
$8 —$14
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
Cfues /v m
from {fyr
the JStlMk
"PLEDGE!"
"Lend me your new crepe
dress from the Clothes
Closet," demands Big Sis
ter. And small pledge
lends smilingly, for being
wise she knows Clothes
Closet dresses bring re
sults.
$8 —$14
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
Cfues /v m
from {fyr
the JStlMk
"PLEDGE!"
"Lend me your new crepe
dress from the Clothes
Closet," demands Big Sis
ter. And small pledge
lends smilingly, for being
wise she knows Clothes
Closet dresses bring re
sults.
$8 —$14
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
Cfues /v m
from {fyr
the JStlMk
"PLEDGE!"
"Lend me your new crepe
dress from the Clothes
Closet," demands Big Sis
ter. And small pledge
lends smilingly, for being
wise she knows Clothes
Closet dresses bring re
sults.
$8 —$14
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
Cfues /v m
from {fyr
the JStlMk
"PLEDGE!"
"Lend me your new crepe
dress from the Clothes
Closet," demands Big Sis
ter. And small pledge
lends smilingly, for being
wise she knows Clothes
Closet dresses bring re
sults.
$8 —$14
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
Cfues /v m
from {fyr
the JStlMk
"PLEDGE!"
"Lend me your new crepe
dress from the Clothes
Closet," demands Big Sis
ter. And small pledge
lends smilingly, for being
wise she knows Clothes
Closet dresses bring re
sults.
$8 —$14
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
Cfues /v m
from {fyr
the JStlMk
"PLEDGE!"
"Lend me your new crepe
dress from the Clothes
Closet," demands Big Sis
ter. And small pledge
lends smilingly, for being
wise she knows Clothes
Closet dresses bring re
sults.
$8 —$14
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
Cfues /v m
from {fyr
the JStlMk
"PLEDGE!"
"Lend me your new crepe
dress from the Clothes
Closet," demands Big Sis
ter. And small pledge
lends smilingly, for being
wise she knows Clothes
Closet dresses bring re
sults.
$8 —$14
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
Cfues /v m
from {fyr
the JStlMk
"PLEDGE!"
"Lend me your new crepe
dress from the Clothes
Closet," demands Big Sis
ter. And small pledge
lends smilingly, for being
wise she knows Clothes
Closet dresses bring re
sults.
$8 —$14
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
Cfues /v m
from {fyr
the JStlMk
"PLEDGE!"
"Lend me your new crepe
dress from the Clothes
Closet," demands Big Sis
ter. And small pledge
lends smilingly, for being
wise she knows Clothes
Closet dresses bring re
sults.
$8 —$14
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
Cfues /v m
from {fyr
the JStlMk
"PLEDGE!"
"Lend me your new crepe
dress from the Clothes
Closet," demands Big Sis
ter. And small pledge
lends smilingly, for being
wise she knows Clothes
Closet dresses bring re
sults.
$8 —$14
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
Cfues /v m
from {fyr
the JStlMk
"PLEDGE!"
"Lend me your new crepe
dress from the Clothes
Closet," demands Big Sis
ter. And small pledge
lends smilingly, for being
wise she knows Clothes
Closet dresses bring re
sults.
$8 —$14
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
Cfues /v m
from {fyr
the JStlMk
"PLEDGE!"
"Lend me your new crepe
dress from the Clothes
Closet," demands Big Sis
ter. And small pledge
lends smilingly, for being
wise she knows Clothes
Closet dresses bring re
sults.
$8 —$14
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
Cfues /v m
from {fyr
the JStlMk
"PLEDGE!"
"Lend me your new crepe
dress from the Clothes
Closet," demands Big Sis
ter. And small pledge
lends smilingly, for being
wise she knows Clothes
Closet dresses bring re
sults.
$8 —$14
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
Cfues /v m
from {fyr
the JStlMk
"PLEDGE!"
"Lend me your new crepe
dress from the Clothes
Closet," demands Big Sis
ter. And small pledge
lends smilingly, for being
wise she knows Clothes
Closet dresses bring re
sults.
$8 —$14
AT THE
Clothes Closet
510 Waverley
