# Adv. 20 Page 4
## 
### 
Your Clothing
is protected by insurance
against fire or theft when
cleaned by us.
•
At your service with 19
years of dependable
cleaning.
Kbellrier's
Cleanincj and Dycincj Works
230 Homer Ave. P. A. 461 1
Read Classified Ads
Your Clothing
is protected by insurance
against fire or theft when
cleaned by us.
•
At your service with 19
years of dependable
cleaning.
Kbellrier's
Cleanincj and Dycincj Works
230 Homer Ave. P. A. 461 1
Read Classified Ads
Your Clothing
is protected by insurance
against fire or theft when
cleaned by us.
•
At your service with 19
years of dependable
cleaning.
Kbellrier's
Cleanincj and Dycincj Works
230 Homer Ave. P. A. 461 1
Read Classified Ads
Your Clothing
is protected by insurance
against fire or theft when
cleaned by us.
•
At your service with 19
years of dependable
cleaning.
Kbellrier's
Cleanincj and Dycincj Works
230 Homer Ave. P. A. 461 1
Read Classified Ads
Your Clothing
is protected by insurance
against fire or theft when
cleaned by us.
•
At your service with 19
years of dependable
cleaning.
Kbellrier's
Cleanincj and Dycincj Works
230 Homer Ave. P. A. 461 1
Read Classified Ads
Your Clothing
is protected by insurance
against fire or theft when
cleaned by us.
•
At your service with 19
years of dependable
cleaning.
Kbellrier's
Cleanincj and Dycincj Works
230 Homer Ave. P. A. 461 1
Read Classified Ads
Your Clothing
is protected by insurance
against fire or theft when
cleaned by us.
•
At your service with 19
years of dependable
cleaning.
Kbellrier's
Cleanincj and Dycincj Works
230 Homer Ave. P. A. 461 1
Read Classified Ads
Your Clothing
is protected by insurance
against fire or theft when
cleaned by us.
•
At your service with 19
years of dependable
cleaning.
Kbellrier's
Cleanincj and Dycincj Works
230 Homer Ave. P. A. 461 1
Read Classified Ads
Your Clothing
is protected by insurance
against fire or theft when
cleaned by us.
•
At your service with 19
years of dependable
cleaning.
Kbellrier's
Cleanincj and Dycincj Works
230 Homer Ave. P. A. 461 1
Read Classified Ads
Your Clothing
is protected by insurance
against fire or theft when
cleaned by us.
•
At your service with 19
years of dependable
cleaning.
Kbellrier's
Cleanincj and Dycincj Works
230 Homer Ave. P. A. 461 1
Read Classified Ads
Your Clothing
is protected by insurance
against fire or theft when
cleaned by us.
•
At your service with 19
years of dependable
cleaning.
Kbellrier's
Cleanincj and Dycincj Works
230 Homer Ave. P. A. 461 1
Read Classified Ads
Your Clothing
is protected by insurance
against fire or theft when
cleaned by us.
•
At your service with 19
years of dependable
cleaning.
Kbellrier's
Cleanincj and Dycincj Works
230 Homer Ave. P. A. 461 1
Read Classified Ads
Your Clothing
is protected by insurance
against fire or theft when
cleaned by us.
•
At your service with 19
years of dependable
cleaning.
Kbellrier's
Cleanincj and Dycincj Works
230 Homer Ave. P. A. 461 1
Read Classified Ads
Your Clothing
is protected by insurance
against fire or theft when
cleaned by us.
•
At your service with 19
years of dependable
cleaning.
Kbellrier's
Cleanincj and Dycincj Works
230 Homer Ave. P. A. 461 1
Read Classified Ads
Your Clothing
is protected by insurance
against fire or theft when
cleaned by us.
•
At your service with 19
years of dependable
cleaning.
Kbellrier's
Cleanincj and Dycincj Works
230 Homer Ave. P. A. 461 1
Read Classified Ads
