# JURY MUST EXERCISE
## 
### 

Led and followed by police guards, members of the jury which will
decide the fate of Bruno Hauptmann. are shown here'taking their after
noon exercises during the week-end recess of the trial at Flemington
New Jersey. (Associated Press photo.)

Led and followed by police guards, members of the jury which will
decide the fate of Bruno Hauptmann. are shown here'taking their after
noon exercises during the week-end recess of the trial at Flemington
New Jersey. (Associated Press photo.)

Led and followed by police guards, members of the jury which will
decide the fate of Bruno Hauptmann. are shown here'taking their after
noon exercises during the week-end recess of the trial at Flemington
New Jersey. (Associated Press photo.)

Led and followed by police guards, members of the jury which will
decide the fate of Bruno Hauptmann. are shown here'taking their after
noon exercises during the week-end recess of the trial at Flemington
New Jersey. (Associated Press photo.)

Led and followed by police guards, members of the jury which will
decide the fate of Bruno Hauptmann. are shown here'taking their after
noon exercises during the week-end recess of the trial at Flemington
New Jersey. (Associated Press photo.)

Led and followed by police guards, members of the jury which will
decide the fate of Bruno Hauptmann. are shown here'taking their after
noon exercises during the week-end recess of the trial at Flemington
New Jersey. (Associated Press photo.)

Led and followed by police guards, members of the jury which will
decide the fate of Bruno Hauptmann. are shown here'taking their after
noon exercises during the week-end recess of the trial at Flemington
New Jersey. (Associated Press photo.)

Led and followed by police guards, members of the jury which will
decide the fate of Bruno Hauptmann. are shown here'taking their after
noon exercises during the week-end recess of the trial at Flemington
New Jersey. (Associated Press photo.)

Led and followed by police guards, members of the jury which will
decide the fate of Bruno Hauptmann. are shown here'taking their after
noon exercises during the week-end recess of the trial at Flemington
New Jersey. (Associated Press photo.)

Led and followed by police guards, members of the jury which will
decide the fate of Bruno Hauptmann. are shown here'taking their after
noon exercises during the week-end recess of the trial at Flemington
New Jersey. (Associated Press photo.)

Led and followed by police guards, members of the jury which will
decide the fate of Bruno Hauptmann. are shown here'taking their after
noon exercises during the week-end recess of the trial at Flemington
New Jersey. (Associated Press photo.)

Led and followed by police guards, members of the jury which will
decide the fate of Bruno Hauptmann. are shown here'taking their after
noon exercises during the week-end recess of the trial at Flemington
New Jersey. (Associated Press photo.)

Led and followed by police guards, members of the jury which will
decide the fate of Bruno Hauptmann. are shown here'taking their after
noon exercises during the week-end recess of the trial at Flemington
New Jersey. (Associated Press photo.)

Led and followed by police guards, members of the jury which will
decide the fate of Bruno Hauptmann. are shown here'taking their after
noon exercises during the week-end recess of the trial at Flemington
New Jersey. (Associated Press photo.)

Led and followed by police guards, members of the jury which will
decide the fate of Bruno Hauptmann. are shown here'taking their after
noon exercises during the week-end recess of the trial at Flemington
New Jersey. (Associated Press photo.)
