# SAVE FISHERMEN ON ICE FLOE
## 
### 

After being marooned on a drifting ice floe in Lake Simcoe, Ont.,
for 24 hours during 20-below-zero weather the group of fishermen
shown here in a picture taken from an airplane from which supplies
were dropped to them, were rescued and returned to their homes at
Barrie, Ont. (Associated Press Photo)

After being marooned on a drifting ice floe in Lake Simcoe, Ont.,
for 24 hours during 20-below-zero weather the group of fishermen
shown here in a picture taken from an airplane from which supplies
were dropped to them, were rescued and returned to their homes at
Barrie, Ont. (Associated Press Photo)

After being marooned on a drifting ice floe in Lake Simcoe, Ont.,
for 24 hours during 20-below-zero weather the group of fishermen
shown here in a picture taken from an airplane from which supplies
were dropped to them, were rescued and returned to their homes at
Barrie, Ont. (Associated Press Photo)

After being marooned on a drifting ice floe in Lake Simcoe, Ont.,
for 24 hours during 20-below-zero weather the group of fishermen
shown here in a picture taken from an airplane from which supplies
were dropped to them, were rescued and returned to their homes at
Barrie, Ont. (Associated Press Photo)

After being marooned on a drifting ice floe in Lake Simcoe, Ont.,
for 24 hours during 20-below-zero weather the group of fishermen
shown here in a picture taken from an airplane from which supplies
were dropped to them, were rescued and returned to their homes at
Barrie, Ont. (Associated Press Photo)

After being marooned on a drifting ice floe in Lake Simcoe, Ont.,
for 24 hours during 20-below-zero weather the group of fishermen
shown here in a picture taken from an airplane from which supplies
were dropped to them, were rescued and returned to their homes at
Barrie, Ont. (Associated Press Photo)

After being marooned on a drifting ice floe in Lake Simcoe, Ont.,
for 24 hours during 20-below-zero weather the group of fishermen
shown here in a picture taken from an airplane from which supplies
were dropped to them, were rescued and returned to their homes at
Barrie, Ont. (Associated Press Photo)

After being marooned on a drifting ice floe in Lake Simcoe, Ont.,
for 24 hours during 20-below-zero weather the group of fishermen
shown here in a picture taken from an airplane from which supplies
were dropped to them, were rescued and returned to their homes at
Barrie, Ont. (Associated Press Photo)

After being marooned on a drifting ice floe in Lake Simcoe, Ont.,
for 24 hours during 20-below-zero weather the group of fishermen
shown here in a picture taken from an airplane from which supplies
were dropped to them, were rescued and returned to their homes at
Barrie, Ont. (Associated Press Photo)

After being marooned on a drifting ice floe in Lake Simcoe, Ont.,
for 24 hours during 20-below-zero weather the group of fishermen
shown here in a picture taken from an airplane from which supplies
were dropped to them, were rescued and returned to their homes at
Barrie, Ont. (Associated Press Photo)

After being marooned on a drifting ice floe in Lake Simcoe, Ont.,
for 24 hours during 20-below-zero weather the group of fishermen
shown here in a picture taken from an airplane from which supplies
were dropped to them, were rescued and returned to their homes at
Barrie, Ont. (Associated Press Photo)

After being marooned on a drifting ice floe in Lake Simcoe, Ont.,
for 24 hours during 20-below-zero weather the group of fishermen
shown here in a picture taken from an airplane from which supplies
were dropped to them, were rescued and returned to their homes at
Barrie, Ont. (Associated Press Photo)

After being marooned on a drifting ice floe in Lake Simcoe, Ont.,
for 24 hours during 20-below-zero weather the group of fishermen
shown here in a picture taken from an airplane from which supplies
were dropped to them, were rescued and returned to their homes at
Barrie, Ont. (Associated Press Photo)

After being marooned on a drifting ice floe in Lake Simcoe, Ont.,
for 24 hours during 20-below-zero weather the group of fishermen
shown here in a picture taken from an airplane from which supplies
were dropped to them, were rescued and returned to their homes at
Barrie, Ont. (Associated Press Photo)

After being marooned on a drifting ice floe in Lake Simcoe, Ont.,
for 24 hours during 20-below-zero weather the group of fishermen
shown here in a picture taken from an airplane from which supplies
were dropped to them, were rescued and returned to their homes at
Barrie, Ont. (Associated Press Photo)
