# Will Talk During Lunch Hour.
## 
### 
John Magee, Yale, '05, former sec
retary of the Yale Y. M. C. A., now
traveling with the volunteer move
ment. and Gale Seaman, of Los An
geles, will speak in the Y. M. C. A.
room, Friday, during the lunch hour.
The secretary wishes that all those
who desire to attend hand in their
names to him before 10:15, Friday
morning, as a buffet lunch will he
served to all who are present.
John Magee, Yale, '05, former sec
retary of the Yale Y. M. C. A., now
traveling with the volunteer move
ment. and Gale Seaman, of Los An
geles, will speak in the Y. M. C. A.
room, Friday, during the lunch hour.
The secretary wishes that all those
who desire to attend hand in their
names to him before 10:15, Friday
morning, as a buffet lunch will he
served to all who are present.
John Magee, Yale, '05, former sec
retary of the Yale Y. M. C. A., now
traveling with the volunteer move
ment. and Gale Seaman, of Los An
geles, will speak in the Y. M. C. A.
room, Friday, during the lunch hour.
The secretary wishes that all those
who desire to attend hand in their
names to him before 10:15, Friday
morning, as a buffet lunch will he
served to all who are present.
John Magee, Yale, '05, former sec
retary of the Yale Y. M. C. A., now
traveling with the volunteer move
ment. and Gale Seaman, of Los An
geles, will speak in the Y. M. C. A.
room, Friday, during the lunch hour.
The secretary wishes that all those
who desire to attend hand in their
names to him before 10:15, Friday
morning, as a buffet lunch will he
served to all who are present.
John Magee, Yale, '05, former sec
retary of the Yale Y. M. C. A., now
traveling with the volunteer move
ment. and Gale Seaman, of Los An
geles, will speak in the Y. M. C. A.
room, Friday, during the lunch hour.
The secretary wishes that all those
who desire to attend hand in their
names to him before 10:15, Friday
morning, as a buffet lunch will he
served to all who are present.
John Magee, Yale, '05, former sec
retary of the Yale Y. M. C. A., now
traveling with the volunteer move
ment. and Gale Seaman, of Los An
geles, will speak in the Y. M. C. A.
room, Friday, during the lunch hour.
The secretary wishes that all those
who desire to attend hand in their
names to him before 10:15, Friday
morning, as a buffet lunch will he
served to all who are present.
John Magee, Yale, '05, former sec
retary of the Yale Y. M. C. A., now
traveling with the volunteer move
ment. and Gale Seaman, of Los An
geles, will speak in the Y. M. C. A.
room, Friday, during the lunch hour.
The secretary wishes that all those
who desire to attend hand in their
names to him before 10:15, Friday
morning, as a buffet lunch will he
served to all who are present.
John Magee, Yale, '05, former sec
retary of the Yale Y. M. C. A., now
traveling with the volunteer move
ment. and Gale Seaman, of Los An
geles, will speak in the Y. M. C. A.
room, Friday, during the lunch hour.
The secretary wishes that all those
who desire to attend hand in their
names to him before 10:15, Friday
morning, as a buffet lunch will he
served to all who are present.
John Magee, Yale, '05, former sec
retary of the Yale Y. M. C. A., now
traveling with the volunteer move
ment. and Gale Seaman, of Los An
geles, will speak in the Y. M. C. A.
room, Friday, during the lunch hour.
The secretary wishes that all those
who desire to attend hand in their
names to him before 10:15, Friday
morning, as a buffet lunch will he
served to all who are present.
John Magee, Yale, '05, former sec
retary of the Yale Y. M. C. A., now
traveling with the volunteer move
ment. and Gale Seaman, of Los An
geles, will speak in the Y. M. C. A.
room, Friday, during the lunch hour.
The secretary wishes that all those
who desire to attend hand in their
names to him before 10:15, Friday
morning, as a buffet lunch will he
served to all who are present.
John Magee, Yale, '05, former sec
retary of the Yale Y. M. C. A., now
traveling with the volunteer move
ment. and Gale Seaman, of Los An
geles, will speak in the Y. M. C. A.
room, Friday, during the lunch hour.
The secretary wishes that all those
who desire to attend hand in their
names to him before 10:15, Friday
morning, as a buffet lunch will he
served to all who are present.
John Magee, Yale, '05, former sec
retary of the Yale Y. M. C. A., now
traveling with the volunteer move
ment. and Gale Seaman, of Los An
geles, will speak in the Y. M. C. A.
room, Friday, during the lunch hour.
The secretary wishes that all those
who desire to attend hand in their
names to him before 10:15, Friday
morning, as a buffet lunch will he
served to all who are present.
John Magee, Yale, '05, former sec
retary of the Yale Y. M. C. A., now
traveling with the volunteer move
ment. and Gale Seaman, of Los An
geles, will speak in the Y. M. C. A.
room, Friday, during the lunch hour.
The secretary wishes that all those
who desire to attend hand in their
names to him before 10:15, Friday
morning, as a buffet lunch will he
served to all who are present.
