# Adv. 41 Page 10
## 
### 
Xer
Und
o
£
4
~9
V "■
Xerox offering exciting
undartjfaduate internships this
summer for' students in Computer
Sciencai Electrical Engineering
and Physics-
Applications due February l?th
www• pare » xerox.com/summer
pare
Xer
Und
o
£
4
~9
V "■
Xerox offering exciting
undartjfaduate internships this
summer for' students in Computer
Sciencai Electrical Engineering
and Physics-
Applications due February l?th
www• pare » xerox.com/summer
pare
Xer
Und
o
£
4
~9
V "■
Xerox offering exciting
undartjfaduate internships this
summer for' students in Computer
Sciencai Electrical Engineering
and Physics-
Applications due February l?th
www• pare » xerox.com/summer
pare
Xer
Und
o
£
4
~9
V "■
Xerox offering exciting
undartjfaduate internships this
summer for' students in Computer
Sciencai Electrical Engineering
and Physics-
Applications due February l?th
www• pare » xerox.com/summer
pare
Xer
Und
o
£
4
~9
V "■
Xerox offering exciting
undartjfaduate internships this
summer for' students in Computer
Sciencai Electrical Engineering
and Physics-
Applications due February l?th
www• pare » xerox.com/summer
pare
