# Ticket Sales Set October 3
## Students Get Girst Choice oil Grid Seals 
### 
"When can we got, our Big Game
tickets?"
The first question of most Stanford
students when they first retufn to
the campus will be answered im
mediately this time. In order to be
sure student requirements are filled
for the only two conference games
for which they have to pay, A1 Mas
ters, manager of the Board of Ath
letic Control, has made plans this
year so that students can get first
choice of rooters' and general admis
sion ducats by purchasing them at
the B.A.C. October 3, 4, and 5.
Rooters' tickets to the U.S.C. and
Cal games will cost $1.10 and 1.G5,
respectively. Each student will be
allowed four additional Big Game
tickets at 4.40 each and six to the
Southern Cal game at $2.75 each.
The new system will insure stu
dents enough seats to take care of
those who desire them before tickets
go on sale to the general public.
"When can we got, our Big Game
tickets?"
The first question of most Stanford
students when they first retufn to
the campus will be answered im
mediately this time. In order to be
sure student requirements are filled
for the only two conference games
for which they have to pay, A1 Mas
ters, manager of the Board of Ath
letic Control, has made plans this
year so that students can get first
choice of rooters' and general admis
sion ducats by purchasing them at
the B.A.C. October 3, 4, and 5.
Rooters' tickets to the U.S.C. and
Cal games will cost $1.10 and 1.G5,
respectively. Each student will be
allowed four additional Big Game
tickets at 4.40 each and six to the
Southern Cal game at $2.75 each.
The new system will insure stu
dents enough seats to take care of
those who desire them before tickets
go on sale to the general public.
"When can we got, our Big Game
tickets?"
The first question of most Stanford
students when they first retufn to
the campus will be answered im
mediately this time. In order to be
sure student requirements are filled
for the only two conference games
for which they have to pay, A1 Mas
ters, manager of the Board of Ath
letic Control, has made plans this
year so that students can get first
choice of rooters' and general admis
sion ducats by purchasing them at
the B.A.C. October 3, 4, and 5.
Rooters' tickets to the U.S.C. and
Cal games will cost $1.10 and 1.G5,
respectively. Each student will be
allowed four additional Big Game
tickets at 4.40 each and six to the
Southern Cal game at $2.75 each.
The new system will insure stu
dents enough seats to take care of
those who desire them before tickets
go on sale to the general public.
"When can we got, our Big Game
tickets?"
The first question of most Stanford
students when they first retufn to
the campus will be answered im
mediately this time. In order to be
sure student requirements are filled
for the only two conference games
for which they have to pay, A1 Mas
ters, manager of the Board of Ath
letic Control, has made plans this
year so that students can get first
choice of rooters' and general admis
sion ducats by purchasing them at
the B.A.C. October 3, 4, and 5.
Rooters' tickets to the U.S.C. and
Cal games will cost $1.10 and 1.G5,
respectively. Each student will be
allowed four additional Big Game
tickets at 4.40 each and six to the
Southern Cal game at $2.75 each.
The new system will insure stu
dents enough seats to take care of
those who desire them before tickets
go on sale to the general public.
"When can we got, our Big Game
tickets?"
The first question of most Stanford
students when they first retufn to
the campus will be answered im
mediately this time. In order to be
sure student requirements are filled
for the only two conference games
for which they have to pay, A1 Mas
ters, manager of the Board of Ath
letic Control, has made plans this
year so that students can get first
choice of rooters' and general admis
sion ducats by purchasing them at
the B.A.C. October 3, 4, and 5.
Rooters' tickets to the U.S.C. and
Cal games will cost $1.10 and 1.G5,
respectively. Each student will be
allowed four additional Big Game
tickets at 4.40 each and six to the
Southern Cal game at $2.75 each.
The new system will insure stu
dents enough seats to take care of
those who desire them before tickets
go on sale to the general public.
"When can we got, our Big Game
tickets?"
The first question of most Stanford
students when they first retufn to
the campus will be answered im
mediately this time. In order to be
sure student requirements are filled
for the only two conference games
for which they have to pay, A1 Mas
ters, manager of the Board of Ath
letic Control, has made plans this
year so that students can get first
choice of rooters' and general admis
sion ducats by purchasing them at
the B.A.C. October 3, 4, and 5.
Rooters' tickets to the U.S.C. and
Cal games will cost $1.10 and 1.G5,
respectively. Each student will be
allowed four additional Big Game
tickets at 4.40 each and six to the
Southern Cal game at $2.75 each.
The new system will insure stu
dents enough seats to take care of
those who desire them before tickets
go on sale to the general public.
"When can we got, our Big Game
tickets?"
The first question of most Stanford
students when they first retufn to
the campus will be answered im
mediately this time. In order to be
sure student requirements are filled
for the only two conference games
for which they have to pay, A1 Mas
ters, manager of the Board of Ath
letic Control, has made plans this
year so that students can get first
choice of rooters' and general admis
sion ducats by purchasing them at
the B.A.C. October 3, 4, and 5.
Rooters' tickets to the U.S.C. and
Cal games will cost $1.10 and 1.G5,
respectively. Each student will be
allowed four additional Big Game
tickets at 4.40 each and six to the
Southern Cal game at $2.75 each.
The new system will insure stu
dents enough seats to take care of
those who desire them before tickets
go on sale to the general public.
"When can we got, our Big Game
tickets?"
The first question of most Stanford
students when they first retufn to
the campus will be answered im
mediately this time. In order to be
sure student requirements are filled
for the only two conference games
for which they have to pay, A1 Mas
ters, manager of the Board of Ath
letic Control, has made plans this
year so that students can get first
choice of rooters' and general admis
sion ducats by purchasing them at
the B.A.C. October 3, 4, and 5.
Rooters' tickets to the U.S.C. and
Cal games will cost $1.10 and 1.G5,
respectively. Each student will be
allowed four additional Big Game
tickets at 4.40 each and six to the
Southern Cal game at $2.75 each.
The new system will insure stu
dents enough seats to take care of
those who desire them before tickets
go on sale to the general public.
"When can we got, our Big Game
tickets?"
The first question of most Stanford
students when they first retufn to
the campus will be answered im
mediately this time. In order to be
sure student requirements are filled
for the only two conference games
for which they have to pay, A1 Mas
ters, manager of the Board of Ath
letic Control, has made plans this
year so that students can get first
choice of rooters' and general admis
sion ducats by purchasing them at
the B.A.C. October 3, 4, and 5.
Rooters' tickets to the U.S.C. and
Cal games will cost $1.10 and 1.G5,
respectively. Each student will be
allowed four additional Big Game
tickets at 4.40 each and six to the
Southern Cal game at $2.75 each.
The new system will insure stu
dents enough seats to take care of
those who desire them before tickets
go on sale to the general public.
"When can we got, our Big Game
tickets?"
The first question of most Stanford
students when they first retufn to
the campus will be answered im
mediately this time. In order to be
sure student requirements are filled
for the only two conference games
for which they have to pay, A1 Mas
ters, manager of the Board of Ath
letic Control, has made plans this
year so that students can get first
choice of rooters' and general admis
sion ducats by purchasing them at
the B.A.C. October 3, 4, and 5.
Rooters' tickets to the U.S.C. and
Cal games will cost $1.10 and 1.G5,
respectively. Each student will be
allowed four additional Big Game
tickets at 4.40 each and six to the
Southern Cal game at $2.75 each.
The new system will insure stu
dents enough seats to take care of
those who desire them before tickets
go on sale to the general public.
"When can we got, our Big Game
tickets?"
The first question of most Stanford
students when they first retufn to
the campus will be answered im
mediately this time. In order to be
sure student requirements are filled
for the only two conference games
for which they have to pay, A1 Mas
ters, manager of the Board of Ath
letic Control, has made plans this
year so that students can get first
choice of rooters' and general admis
sion ducats by purchasing them at
the B.A.C. October 3, 4, and 5.
Rooters' tickets to the U.S.C. and
Cal games will cost $1.10 and 1.G5,
respectively. Each student will be
allowed four additional Big Game
tickets at 4.40 each and six to the
Southern Cal game at $2.75 each.
The new system will insure stu
dents enough seats to take care of
those who desire them before tickets
go on sale to the general public.
"When can we got, our Big Game
tickets?"
The first question of most Stanford
students when they first retufn to
the campus will be answered im
mediately this time. In order to be
sure student requirements are filled
for the only two conference games
for which they have to pay, A1 Mas
ters, manager of the Board of Ath
letic Control, has made plans this
year so that students can get first
choice of rooters' and general admis
sion ducats by purchasing them at
the B.A.C. October 3, 4, and 5.
Rooters' tickets to the U.S.C. and
Cal games will cost $1.10 and 1.G5,
respectively. Each student will be
allowed four additional Big Game
tickets at 4.40 each and six to the
Southern Cal game at $2.75 each.
The new system will insure stu
dents enough seats to take care of
those who desire them before tickets
go on sale to the general public.
"When can we got, our Big Game
tickets?"
The first question of most Stanford
students when they first retufn to
the campus will be answered im
mediately this time. In order to be
sure student requirements are filled
for the only two conference games
for which they have to pay, A1 Mas
ters, manager of the Board of Ath
letic Control, has made plans this
year so that students can get first
choice of rooters' and general admis
sion ducats by purchasing them at
the B.A.C. October 3, 4, and 5.
Rooters' tickets to the U.S.C. and
Cal games will cost $1.10 and 1.G5,
respectively. Each student will be
allowed four additional Big Game
tickets at 4.40 each and six to the
Southern Cal game at $2.75 each.
The new system will insure stu
dents enough seats to take care of
those who desire them before tickets
go on sale to the general public.
"When can we got, our Big Game
tickets?"
The first question of most Stanford
students when they first retufn to
the campus will be answered im
mediately this time. In order to be
sure student requirements are filled
for the only two conference games
for which they have to pay, A1 Mas
ters, manager of the Board of Ath
letic Control, has made plans this
year so that students can get first
choice of rooters' and general admis
sion ducats by purchasing them at
the B.A.C. October 3, 4, and 5.
Rooters' tickets to the U.S.C. and
Cal games will cost $1.10 and 1.G5,
respectively. Each student will be
allowed four additional Big Game
tickets at 4.40 each and six to the
Southern Cal game at $2.75 each.
The new system will insure stu
dents enough seats to take care of
those who desire them before tickets
go on sale to the general public.
"When can we got, our Big Game
tickets?"
The first question of most Stanford
students when they first retufn to
the campus will be answered im
mediately this time. In order to be
sure student requirements are filled
for the only two conference games
for which they have to pay, A1 Mas
ters, manager of the Board of Ath
letic Control, has made plans this
year so that students can get first
choice of rooters' and general admis
sion ducats by purchasing them at
the B.A.C. October 3, 4, and 5.
Rooters' tickets to the U.S.C. and
Cal games will cost $1.10 and 1.G5,
respectively. Each student will be
allowed four additional Big Game
tickets at 4.40 each and six to the
Southern Cal game at $2.75 each.
The new system will insure stu
dents enough seats to take care of
those who desire them before tickets
go on sale to the general public.
