# NEW EDUCATION BUILDING OPENS
## 
### 

COMPLETED during
the summer, the new
Cubberley Education
Building already houses
the Department of Edu
cation in its regal quar
ters. The $525,000 build
ing is a gift of Dean
Emeritus Ellwood P.
Cubberley, retired edu
cation head.
Built of steel-frame,
reinforced concrete and
faced with San Jose
sandstone to correspond
with the Quad, the new
building contains class
rooms, ofliccs, an audi
torium seating 500, and
three large library
rooms able to accommo
date 104 students.
IVlore than 200 win
dows controlled by Ve
netian blinds, thermo
static control of temper
ature, 7!) hylophane ceil
ing lights and complete
air-conditioning in the
auditorium modernize
the building, prepare it
for comfort, cflicicnt
study.
