# Grid Writers Give Indians Third
## 
### 
Chins have been stuck out in the
usual manner by sports writers and
grid coaches in predicting the out
comes of the various teams in the
1938 Pacific Coast Conference.
Coaches Tiny Thornhill, Ben Win
kclman, Bobby Grayson, and Husky
Hunt were more pessimistic about
Stanford's chances of a conference
victory than sports writers Don
Liebendorfer, Dick Fricndlich,
Braven Dyer, Beecher Kellogg, Walt
Peterson, and John Shallenberger.
Here is the consensus of their
predictions (in order of teams'
chances of winning the confer
ence): Washington, Southern Cali
fornia, Stanford, California, U. C.
L. A., Washington State, Oregon,
and Oregon State.
Chins have been stuck out in the
usual manner by sports writers and
grid coaches in predicting the out
comes of the various teams in the
1938 Pacific Coast Conference.
Coaches Tiny Thornhill, Ben Win
kclman, Bobby Grayson, and Husky
Hunt were more pessimistic about
Stanford's chances of a conference
victory than sports writers Don
Liebendorfer, Dick Fricndlich,
Braven Dyer, Beecher Kellogg, Walt
Peterson, and John Shallenberger.
Here is the consensus of their
predictions (in order of teams'
chances of winning the confer
ence): Washington, Southern Cali
fornia, Stanford, California, U. C.
L. A., Washington State, Oregon,
and Oregon State.
Chins have been stuck out in the
usual manner by sports writers and
grid coaches in predicting the out
comes of the various teams in the
1938 Pacific Coast Conference.
Coaches Tiny Thornhill, Ben Win
kclman, Bobby Grayson, and Husky
Hunt were more pessimistic about
Stanford's chances of a conference
victory than sports writers Don
Liebendorfer, Dick Fricndlich,
Braven Dyer, Beecher Kellogg, Walt
Peterson, and John Shallenberger.
Here is the consensus of their
predictions (in order of teams'
chances of winning the confer
ence): Washington, Southern Cali
fornia, Stanford, California, U. C.
L. A., Washington State, Oregon,
and Oregon State.
Chins have been stuck out in the
usual manner by sports writers and
grid coaches in predicting the out
comes of the various teams in the
1938 Pacific Coast Conference.
Coaches Tiny Thornhill, Ben Win
kclman, Bobby Grayson, and Husky
Hunt were more pessimistic about
Stanford's chances of a conference
victory than sports writers Don
Liebendorfer, Dick Fricndlich,
Braven Dyer, Beecher Kellogg, Walt
Peterson, and John Shallenberger.
Here is the consensus of their
predictions (in order of teams'
chances of winning the confer
ence): Washington, Southern Cali
fornia, Stanford, California, U. C.
L. A., Washington State, Oregon,
and Oregon State.
Chins have been stuck out in the
usual manner by sports writers and
grid coaches in predicting the out
comes of the various teams in the
1938 Pacific Coast Conference.
Coaches Tiny Thornhill, Ben Win
kclman, Bobby Grayson, and Husky
Hunt were more pessimistic about
Stanford's chances of a conference
victory than sports writers Don
Liebendorfer, Dick Fricndlich,
Braven Dyer, Beecher Kellogg, Walt
Peterson, and John Shallenberger.
Here is the consensus of their
predictions (in order of teams'
chances of winning the confer
ence): Washington, Southern Cali
fornia, Stanford, California, U. C.
L. A., Washington State, Oregon,
and Oregon State.
Chins have been stuck out in the
usual manner by sports writers and
grid coaches in predicting the out
comes of the various teams in the
1938 Pacific Coast Conference.
Coaches Tiny Thornhill, Ben Win
kclman, Bobby Grayson, and Husky
Hunt were more pessimistic about
Stanford's chances of a conference
victory than sports writers Don
Liebendorfer, Dick Fricndlich,
Braven Dyer, Beecher Kellogg, Walt
Peterson, and John Shallenberger.
Here is the consensus of their
predictions (in order of teams'
chances of winning the confer
ence): Washington, Southern Cali
fornia, Stanford, California, U. C.
L. A., Washington State, Oregon,
and Oregon State.
Chins have been stuck out in the
usual manner by sports writers and
grid coaches in predicting the out
comes of the various teams in the
1938 Pacific Coast Conference.
Coaches Tiny Thornhill, Ben Win
kclman, Bobby Grayson, and Husky
Hunt were more pessimistic about
Stanford's chances of a conference
victory than sports writers Don
Liebendorfer, Dick Fricndlich,
Braven Dyer, Beecher Kellogg, Walt
Peterson, and John Shallenberger.
Here is the consensus of their
predictions (in order of teams'
chances of winning the confer
ence): Washington, Southern Cali
fornia, Stanford, California, U. C.
L. A., Washington State, Oregon,
and Oregon State.
Chins have been stuck out in the
usual manner by sports writers and
grid coaches in predicting the out
comes of the various teams in the
1938 Pacific Coast Conference.
Coaches Tiny Thornhill, Ben Win
kclman, Bobby Grayson, and Husky
Hunt were more pessimistic about
Stanford's chances of a conference
victory than sports writers Don
Liebendorfer, Dick Fricndlich,
Braven Dyer, Beecher Kellogg, Walt
Peterson, and John Shallenberger.
Here is the consensus of their
predictions (in order of teams'
chances of winning the confer
ence): Washington, Southern Cali
fornia, Stanford, California, U. C.
L. A., Washington State, Oregon,
and Oregon State.
Chins have been stuck out in the
usual manner by sports writers and
grid coaches in predicting the out
comes of the various teams in the
1938 Pacific Coast Conference.
Coaches Tiny Thornhill, Ben Win
kclman, Bobby Grayson, and Husky
Hunt were more pessimistic about
Stanford's chances of a conference
victory than sports writers Don
Liebendorfer, Dick Fricndlich,
Braven Dyer, Beecher Kellogg, Walt
Peterson, and John Shallenberger.
Here is the consensus of their
predictions (in order of teams'
chances of winning the confer
ence): Washington, Southern Cali
fornia, Stanford, California, U. C.
L. A., Washington State, Oregon,
and Oregon State.
Chins have been stuck out in the
usual manner by sports writers and
grid coaches in predicting the out
comes of the various teams in the
1938 Pacific Coast Conference.
Coaches Tiny Thornhill, Ben Win
kclman, Bobby Grayson, and Husky
Hunt were more pessimistic about
Stanford's chances of a conference
victory than sports writers Don
Liebendorfer, Dick Fricndlich,
Braven Dyer, Beecher Kellogg, Walt
Peterson, and John Shallenberger.
Here is the consensus of their
predictions (in order of teams'
chances of winning the confer
ence): Washington, Southern Cali
fornia, Stanford, California, U. C.
L. A., Washington State, Oregon,
and Oregon State.
Chins have been stuck out in the
usual manner by sports writers and
grid coaches in predicting the out
comes of the various teams in the
1938 Pacific Coast Conference.
Coaches Tiny Thornhill, Ben Win
kclman, Bobby Grayson, and Husky
Hunt were more pessimistic about
Stanford's chances of a conference
victory than sports writers Don
Liebendorfer, Dick Fricndlich,
Braven Dyer, Beecher Kellogg, Walt
Peterson, and John Shallenberger.
Here is the consensus of their
predictions (in order of teams'
chances of winning the confer
ence): Washington, Southern Cali
fornia, Stanford, California, U. C.
L. A., Washington State, Oregon,
and Oregon State.
Chins have been stuck out in the
usual manner by sports writers and
grid coaches in predicting the out
comes of the various teams in the
1938 Pacific Coast Conference.
Coaches Tiny Thornhill, Ben Win
kclman, Bobby Grayson, and Husky
Hunt were more pessimistic about
Stanford's chances of a conference
victory than sports writers Don
Liebendorfer, Dick Fricndlich,
Braven Dyer, Beecher Kellogg, Walt
Peterson, and John Shallenberger.
Here is the consensus of their
predictions (in order of teams'
chances of winning the confer
ence): Washington, Southern Cali
fornia, Stanford, California, U. C.
L. A., Washington State, Oregon,
and Oregon State.
Chins have been stuck out in the
usual manner by sports writers and
grid coaches in predicting the out
comes of the various teams in the
1938 Pacific Coast Conference.
Coaches Tiny Thornhill, Ben Win
kclman, Bobby Grayson, and Husky
Hunt were more pessimistic about
Stanford's chances of a conference
victory than sports writers Don
Liebendorfer, Dick Fricndlich,
Braven Dyer, Beecher Kellogg, Walt
Peterson, and John Shallenberger.
Here is the consensus of their
predictions (in order of teams'
chances of winning the confer
ence): Washington, Southern Cali
fornia, Stanford, California, U. C.
L. A., Washington State, Oregon,
and Oregon State.
Chins have been stuck out in the
usual manner by sports writers and
grid coaches in predicting the out
comes of the various teams in the
1938 Pacific Coast Conference.
Coaches Tiny Thornhill, Ben Win
kclman, Bobby Grayson, and Husky
Hunt were more pessimistic about
Stanford's chances of a conference
victory than sports writers Don
Liebendorfer, Dick Fricndlich,
Braven Dyer, Beecher Kellogg, Walt
Peterson, and John Shallenberger.
Here is the consensus of their
predictions (in order of teams'
chances of winning the confer
ence): Washington, Southern Cali
fornia, Stanford, California, U. C.
L. A., Washington State, Oregon,
and Oregon State.
Chins have been stuck out in the
usual manner by sports writers and
grid coaches in predicting the out
comes of the various teams in the
1938 Pacific Coast Conference.
Coaches Tiny Thornhill, Ben Win
kclman, Bobby Grayson, and Husky
Hunt were more pessimistic about
Stanford's chances of a conference
victory than sports writers Don
Liebendorfer, Dick Fricndlich,
Braven Dyer, Beecher Kellogg, Walt
Peterson, and John Shallenberger.
Here is the consensus of their
predictions (in order of teams'
chances of winning the confer
ence): Washington, Southern Cali
fornia, Stanford, California, U. C.
L. A., Washington State, Oregon,
and Oregon State.
