# MOVIE-MADE CHILDREN
## 
### 
Movies of Mickey Mouse, and the
adventures of Fopeye will be in
cluded in the curriculum for first
grade students in Elk City, Okla.
School officials explained that be
ginning students need relaxation.
Movies of Mickey Mouse, and the
adventures of Fopeye will be in
cluded in the curriculum for first
grade students in Elk City, Okla.
School officials explained that be
ginning students need relaxation.
Movies of Mickey Mouse, and the
adventures of Fopeye will be in
cluded in the curriculum for first
grade students in Elk City, Okla.
School officials explained that be
ginning students need relaxation.
Movies of Mickey Mouse, and the
adventures of Fopeye will be in
cluded in the curriculum for first
grade students in Elk City, Okla.
School officials explained that be
ginning students need relaxation.
Movies of Mickey Mouse, and the
adventures of Fopeye will be in
cluded in the curriculum for first
grade students in Elk City, Okla.
School officials explained that be
ginning students need relaxation.
Movies of Mickey Mouse, and the
adventures of Fopeye will be in
cluded in the curriculum for first
grade students in Elk City, Okla.
School officials explained that be
ginning students need relaxation.
Movies of Mickey Mouse, and the
adventures of Fopeye will be in
cluded in the curriculum for first
grade students in Elk City, Okla.
School officials explained that be
ginning students need relaxation.
Movies of Mickey Mouse, and the
adventures of Fopeye will be in
cluded in the curriculum for first
grade students in Elk City, Okla.
School officials explained that be
ginning students need relaxation.
Movies of Mickey Mouse, and the
adventures of Fopeye will be in
cluded in the curriculum for first
grade students in Elk City, Okla.
School officials explained that be
ginning students need relaxation.
Movies of Mickey Mouse, and the
adventures of Fopeye will be in
cluded in the curriculum for first
grade students in Elk City, Okla.
School officials explained that be
ginning students need relaxation.
Movies of Mickey Mouse, and the
adventures of Fopeye will be in
cluded in the curriculum for first
grade students in Elk City, Okla.
School officials explained that be
ginning students need relaxation.
Movies of Mickey Mouse, and the
adventures of Fopeye will be in
cluded in the curriculum for first
grade students in Elk City, Okla.
School officials explained that be
ginning students need relaxation.
Movies of Mickey Mouse, and the
adventures of Fopeye will be in
cluded in the curriculum for first
grade students in Elk City, Okla.
School officials explained that be
ginning students need relaxation.
Movies of Mickey Mouse, and the
adventures of Fopeye will be in
cluded in the curriculum for first
grade students in Elk City, Okla.
School officials explained that be
ginning students need relaxation.
Movies of Mickey Mouse, and the
adventures of Fopeye will be in
cluded in the curriculum for first
grade students in Elk City, Okla.
School officials explained that be
ginning students need relaxation.
