# Farm Draws 1400 Delegates To Conferences
## Mumford, Kilpatrick Address Educators; Businessmen Meet 
### 
Stanford demonstrated an effective
claim to leadership in business and
educational thought during the past
summer. Proof of the pudding was
the attendance at the sixth annual
Stanford Education Conferences, to
taling 1200. and that at the second
annual Stanford Business Confer
ence, totaling 200.
The 1200 school teachers and ad
ministrators who congregated on the
campus early in July listened to
leading exponents of the current rul
ing theory in American public school
education that the first business of
a democracy is to teach children how
to handle the problems of democ
racy.
MUMFOKD TALKS
Lewis Mumford, author of "Tech
nics and Civilization" and "The Cul
ture of Cities." a front-rank philos
opher of the non-academic sort, was
one of the principal speakers at the
educational conference. Others were
William Heard Kilpatrick, emeritus
professor of education at Teachers
College, Columbia, and William F.
Ogburn, University of Chicago so
ciologist.
More than 100 speakers, panel
leaders and discussion chairmen
took part, of whom more than one
third were members or associates of
the Stanford School of Education
faculty.
JACKSON AT HEAD
Stanford men were headliners in
the sessions of the Business Confer
ence, organized by Dean J. Hugh
Jackson of the Graduate School of
Business.
Almon E. Roth, '09, president of the
Waterfront Employers' Association;
Paul M. Downing, '95, vice-president
and general manager of the Pacific
Gas & Electric Company; Neil Pet
roe, '19, president of Barker Broth
ers, Los Angeles, and H. Dudley
Swim, '26, vice-president of Na
tional Investors Corporation, New
York, spoke on phases of their busi
ness.
