# FOOTBALL BEAUTY STAR
## 
### 
Howard Hickingbotham, left end
candidate on the Stanford varsity,
was unanimously elected best look
ing man at Lake Tahoe this sum
mer.
Howard Hickingbotham, left end
candidate on the Stanford varsity,
was unanimously elected best look
ing man at Lake Tahoe this sum
mer.
Howard Hickingbotham, left end
candidate on the Stanford varsity,
was unanimously elected best look
ing man at Lake Tahoe this sum
mer.
Howard Hickingbotham, left end
candidate on the Stanford varsity,
was unanimously elected best look
ing man at Lake Tahoe this sum
mer.
Howard Hickingbotham, left end
candidate on the Stanford varsity,
was unanimously elected best look
ing man at Lake Tahoe this sum
mer.
Howard Hickingbotham, left end
candidate on the Stanford varsity,
was unanimously elected best look
ing man at Lake Tahoe this sum
mer.
Howard Hickingbotham, left end
candidate on the Stanford varsity,
was unanimously elected best look
ing man at Lake Tahoe this sum
mer.
Howard Hickingbotham, left end
candidate on the Stanford varsity,
was unanimously elected best look
ing man at Lake Tahoe this sum
mer.
Howard Hickingbotham, left end
candidate on the Stanford varsity,
was unanimously elected best look
ing man at Lake Tahoe this sum
mer.
Howard Hickingbotham, left end
candidate on the Stanford varsity,
was unanimously elected best look
ing man at Lake Tahoe this sum
mer.
Howard Hickingbotham, left end
candidate on the Stanford varsity,
was unanimously elected best look
ing man at Lake Tahoe this sum
mer.
Howard Hickingbotham, left end
candidate on the Stanford varsity,
was unanimously elected best look
ing man at Lake Tahoe this sum
mer.
Howard Hickingbotham, left end
candidate on the Stanford varsity,
was unanimously elected best look
ing man at Lake Tahoe this sum
mer.
Howard Hickingbotham, left end
candidate on the Stanford varsity,
was unanimously elected best look
ing man at Lake Tahoe this sum
mer.
Howard Hickingbotham, left end
candidate on the Stanford varsity,
was unanimously elected best look
ing man at Lake Tahoe this sum
mer.
