# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Bob Soheffing, ex-manager of
the Chicago Cubs, was named
manager of the Detroit Tigers
vesterdav.
Bob Soheffing, ex-manager of
the Chicago Cubs, was named
manager of the Detroit Tigers
vesterdav.
Bob Soheffing, ex-manager of
the Chicago Cubs, was named
manager of the Detroit Tigers
vesterdav.
Bob Soheffing, ex-manager of
the Chicago Cubs, was named
manager of the Detroit Tigers
vesterdav.
Bob Soheffing, ex-manager of
the Chicago Cubs, was named
manager of the Detroit Tigers
vesterdav.
Bob Soheffing, ex-manager of
the Chicago Cubs, was named
manager of the Detroit Tigers
vesterdav.
Bob Soheffing, ex-manager of
the Chicago Cubs, was named
manager of the Detroit Tigers
vesterdav.
Bob Soheffing, ex-manager of
the Chicago Cubs, was named
manager of the Detroit Tigers
vesterdav.
Bob Soheffing, ex-manager of
the Chicago Cubs, was named
manager of the Detroit Tigers
vesterdav.
Bob Soheffing, ex-manager of
the Chicago Cubs, was named
manager of the Detroit Tigers
vesterdav.
Bob Soheffing, ex-manager of
the Chicago Cubs, was named
manager of the Detroit Tigers
vesterdav.
Bob Soheffing, ex-manager of
the Chicago Cubs, was named
manager of the Detroit Tigers
vesterdav.
Bob Soheffing, ex-manager of
the Chicago Cubs, was named
manager of the Detroit Tigers
vesterdav.
Bob Soheffing, ex-manager of
the Chicago Cubs, was named
manager of the Detroit Tigers
vesterdav.
Bob Soheffing, ex-manager of
the Chicago Cubs, was named
manager of the Detroit Tigers
vesterdav.
Bob Soheffing, ex-manager of
the Chicago Cubs, was named
manager of the Detroit Tigers
vesterdav.
Bob Soheffing, ex-manager of
the Chicago Cubs, was named
manager of the Detroit Tigers
vesterdav.
Bob Soheffing, ex-manager of
the Chicago Cubs, was named
manager of the Detroit Tigers
vesterdav.
