# Professor Edits Nietzsche Book
## 
### 
Kurt F. Reinhardt, professor of
German, has edited a new edition
of Friedrich Nietzsche's "Joyful
Wisdom," recently issued in pa
perback by the Frederick Ungar
Co. of New York.
He has also translated and writ
ten the introduction for a new Un
gar paperback. Miguel de Una
muno, "The Agony of Christain
ity."
Kurt F. Reinhardt, professor of
German, has edited a new edition
of Friedrich Nietzsche's "Joyful
Wisdom," recently issued in pa
perback by the Frederick Ungar
Co. of New York.
He has also translated and writ
ten the introduction for a new Un
gar paperback. Miguel de Una
muno, "The Agony of Christain
ity."
Kurt F. Reinhardt, professor of
German, has edited a new edition
of Friedrich Nietzsche's "Joyful
Wisdom," recently issued in pa
perback by the Frederick Ungar
Co. of New York.
He has also translated and writ
ten the introduction for a new Un
gar paperback. Miguel de Una
muno, "The Agony of Christain
ity."
Kurt F. Reinhardt, professor of
German, has edited a new edition
of Friedrich Nietzsche's "Joyful
Wisdom," recently issued in pa
perback by the Frederick Ungar
Co. of New York.
He has also translated and writ
ten the introduction for a new Un
gar paperback. Miguel de Una
muno, "The Agony of Christain
ity."
Kurt F. Reinhardt, professor of
German, has edited a new edition
of Friedrich Nietzsche's "Joyful
Wisdom," recently issued in pa
perback by the Frederick Ungar
Co. of New York.
He has also translated and writ
ten the introduction for a new Un
gar paperback. Miguel de Una
muno, "The Agony of Christain
ity."
Kurt F. Reinhardt, professor of
German, has edited a new edition
of Friedrich Nietzsche's "Joyful
Wisdom," recently issued in pa
perback by the Frederick Ungar
Co. of New York.
He has also translated and writ
ten the introduction for a new Un
gar paperback. Miguel de Una
muno, "The Agony of Christain
ity."
Kurt F. Reinhardt, professor of
German, has edited a new edition
of Friedrich Nietzsche's "Joyful
Wisdom," recently issued in pa
perback by the Frederick Ungar
Co. of New York.
He has also translated and writ
ten the introduction for a new Un
gar paperback. Miguel de Una
muno, "The Agony of Christain
ity."
Kurt F. Reinhardt, professor of
German, has edited a new edition
of Friedrich Nietzsche's "Joyful
Wisdom," recently issued in pa
perback by the Frederick Ungar
Co. of New York.
He has also translated and writ
ten the introduction for a new Un
gar paperback. Miguel de Una
muno, "The Agony of Christain
ity."
Kurt F. Reinhardt, professor of
German, has edited a new edition
of Friedrich Nietzsche's "Joyful
Wisdom," recently issued in pa
perback by the Frederick Ungar
Co. of New York.
He has also translated and writ
ten the introduction for a new Un
gar paperback. Miguel de Una
muno, "The Agony of Christain
ity."
Kurt F. Reinhardt, professor of
German, has edited a new edition
of Friedrich Nietzsche's "Joyful
Wisdom," recently issued in pa
perback by the Frederick Ungar
Co. of New York.
He has also translated and writ
ten the introduction for a new Un
gar paperback. Miguel de Una
muno, "The Agony of Christain
ity."
Kurt F. Reinhardt, professor of
German, has edited a new edition
of Friedrich Nietzsche's "Joyful
Wisdom," recently issued in pa
perback by the Frederick Ungar
Co. of New York.
He has also translated and writ
ten the introduction for a new Un
gar paperback. Miguel de Una
muno, "The Agony of Christain
ity."
Kurt F. Reinhardt, professor of
German, has edited a new edition
of Friedrich Nietzsche's "Joyful
Wisdom," recently issued in pa
perback by the Frederick Ungar
Co. of New York.
He has also translated and writ
ten the introduction for a new Un
gar paperback. Miguel de Una
muno, "The Agony of Christain
ity."
Kurt F. Reinhardt, professor of
German, has edited a new edition
of Friedrich Nietzsche's "Joyful
Wisdom," recently issued in pa
perback by the Frederick Ungar
Co. of New York.
He has also translated and writ
ten the introduction for a new Un
gar paperback. Miguel de Una
muno, "The Agony of Christain
ity."
Kurt F. Reinhardt, professor of
German, has edited a new edition
of Friedrich Nietzsche's "Joyful
Wisdom," recently issued in pa
perback by the Frederick Ungar
Co. of New York.
He has also translated and writ
ten the introduction for a new Un
gar paperback. Miguel de Una
muno, "The Agony of Christain
ity."
Kurt F. Reinhardt, professor of
German, has edited a new edition
of Friedrich Nietzsche's "Joyful
Wisdom," recently issued in pa
perback by the Frederick Ungar
Co. of New York.
He has also translated and writ
ten the introduction for a new Un
gar paperback. Miguel de Una
muno, "The Agony of Christain
ity."
Kurt F. Reinhardt, professor of
German, has edited a new edition
of Friedrich Nietzsche's "Joyful
Wisdom," recently issued in pa
perback by the Frederick Ungar
Co. of New York.
He has also translated and writ
ten the introduction for a new Un
gar paperback. Miguel de Una
muno, "The Agony of Christain
ity."
Kurt F. Reinhardt, professor of
German, has edited a new edition
of Friedrich Nietzsche's "Joyful
Wisdom," recently issued in pa
perback by the Frederick Ungar
Co. of New York.
He has also translated and writ
ten the introduction for a new Un
gar paperback. Miguel de Una
muno, "The Agony of Christain
ity."
Kurt F. Reinhardt, professor of
German, has edited a new edition
of Friedrich Nietzsche's "Joyful
Wisdom," recently issued in pa
perback by the Frederick Ungar
Co. of New York.
He has also translated and writ
ten the introduction for a new Un
gar paperback. Miguel de Una
muno, "The Agony of Christain
ity."
