# Vaccination Slips Are Due At Reg Office
## 
### 
Vaccination certificates for all
matriculated students registering
for the first time are due. Failure
to file the certificates by Monday,
July 23, will result in the levy of
a $2.fine. Failure to file the cer
tificates by Monday, July 30, will
result in cancellation of registra
tion.
Vaccination certificates should
he turned in at the Registrar's Of
fice.
Vaccination certificates for all
matriculated students registering
for the first time are due. Failure
to file the certificates by Monday,
July 23, will result in the levy of
a $2.fine. Failure to file the cer
tificates by Monday, July 30, will
result in cancellation of registra
tion.
Vaccination certificates should
he turned in at the Registrar's Of
fice.
Vaccination certificates for all
matriculated students registering
for the first time are due. Failure
to file the certificates by Monday,
July 23, will result in the levy of
a $2.fine. Failure to file the cer
tificates by Monday, July 30, will
result in cancellation of registra
tion.
Vaccination certificates should
he turned in at the Registrar's Of
fice.
Vaccination certificates for all
matriculated students registering
for the first time are due. Failure
to file the certificates by Monday,
July 23, will result in the levy of
a $2.fine. Failure to file the cer
tificates by Monday, July 30, will
result in cancellation of registra
tion.
Vaccination certificates should
he turned in at the Registrar's Of
fice.
Vaccination certificates for all
matriculated students registering
for the first time are due. Failure
to file the certificates by Monday,
July 23, will result in the levy of
a $2.fine. Failure to file the cer
tificates by Monday, July 30, will
result in cancellation of registra
tion.
Vaccination certificates should
he turned in at the Registrar's Of
fice.
Vaccination certificates for all
matriculated students registering
for the first time are due. Failure
to file the certificates by Monday,
July 23, will result in the levy of
a $2.fine. Failure to file the cer
tificates by Monday, July 30, will
result in cancellation of registra
tion.
Vaccination certificates should
he turned in at the Registrar's Of
fice.
Vaccination certificates for all
matriculated students registering
for the first time are due. Failure
to file the certificates by Monday,
July 23, will result in the levy of
a $2.fine. Failure to file the cer
tificates by Monday, July 30, will
result in cancellation of registra
tion.
Vaccination certificates should
he turned in at the Registrar's Of
fice.
Vaccination certificates for all
matriculated students registering
for the first time are due. Failure
to file the certificates by Monday,
July 23, will result in the levy of
a $2.fine. Failure to file the cer
tificates by Monday, July 30, will
result in cancellation of registra
tion.
Vaccination certificates should
he turned in at the Registrar's Of
fice.
Vaccination certificates for all
matriculated students registering
for the first time are due. Failure
to file the certificates by Monday,
July 23, will result in the levy of
a $2.fine. Failure to file the cer
tificates by Monday, July 30, will
result in cancellation of registra
tion.
Vaccination certificates should
he turned in at the Registrar's Of
fice.
Vaccination certificates for all
matriculated students registering
for the first time are due. Failure
to file the certificates by Monday,
July 23, will result in the levy of
a $2.fine. Failure to file the cer
tificates by Monday, July 30, will
result in cancellation of registra
tion.
Vaccination certificates should
he turned in at the Registrar's Of
fice.
Vaccination certificates for all
matriculated students registering
for the first time are due. Failure
to file the certificates by Monday,
July 23, will result in the levy of
a $2.fine. Failure to file the cer
tificates by Monday, July 30, will
result in cancellation of registra
tion.
Vaccination certificates should
he turned in at the Registrar's Of
fice.
Vaccination certificates for all
matriculated students registering
for the first time are due. Failure
to file the certificates by Monday,
July 23, will result in the levy of
a $2.fine. Failure to file the cer
tificates by Monday, July 30, will
result in cancellation of registra
tion.
Vaccination certificates should
he turned in at the Registrar's Of
fice.
Vaccination certificates for all
matriculated students registering
for the first time are due. Failure
to file the certificates by Monday,
July 23, will result in the levy of
a $2.fine. Failure to file the cer
tificates by Monday, July 30, will
result in cancellation of registra
tion.
Vaccination certificates should
he turned in at the Registrar's Of
fice.
Vaccination certificates for all
matriculated students registering
for the first time are due. Failure
to file the certificates by Monday,
July 23, will result in the levy of
a $2.fine. Failure to file the cer
tificates by Monday, July 30, will
result in cancellation of registra
tion.
Vaccination certificates should
he turned in at the Registrar's Of
fice.
Vaccination certificates for all
matriculated students registering
for the first time are due. Failure
to file the certificates by Monday,
July 23, will result in the levy of
a $2.fine. Failure to file the cer
tificates by Monday, July 30, will
result in cancellation of registra
tion.
Vaccination certificates should
he turned in at the Registrar's Of
fice.
