# Creative Writing Funds Awarded
## 
### 
Six winners of creative writing
fellowships at Stanford, includ
ing one from England, were an
nounced recently by Professor
Richard P. Scowcroft, acting di
rector of the University's Creative
Writing Center.
Four of the $2500 annual awards
were given for fiction and two for
poetry to promising young au
thors. They will enroll next fall
for a year's study.
Funds for the program, initiated
in 1947, are the gift of the late
Dr. Edward H. Jones, who was the
brother of Professor Emeritus
Richard F. Jones, former head of
the Stanford English Department.
The winners were selected by a
committee of Stanford professors
of English, Wallace E. Stegner,
Scowcroft, and Yvor Winters.
