# Alumni Head For The Farm
## 
### 
Saturday, 1,000 alumni will
come to the campus for their
annual conference.
The activities will get un
derway at 8:45 Saturday
morning in Mem Aud, when
Palo Alto photographer Ber
ton W. Crandall (’O7) will
show some of his pre-quake
views of the campus, and oth
ers of that era from his per
sonal collection.

Registration will take place
during this showing in Me
morial Auditorium, starting
at 9 a.m. After the registra
tion, a student panel will dis
cuss contemporary Stanford
life under the chairmanship
of Professor James T. Wat
kins. Also in the morning,
new Alumni Board officers
will bo elected.
The afternoon will be occu
pied with 10 lectures by mem
bers of the faculty, guided
bus tours of the campus, a
varsity-alumni football game
in Stanford Stadium at 3:45,
and the annual Buck Club-
Block S barbecue next to the
stadium after the game.
Saturday, 1,000 alumni will
come to the campus for their
annual conference.
The activities will get un
derway at 8:45 Saturday
morning in Mem Aud, when
Palo Alto photographer Ber
ton W. Crandall (’O7) will
show some of his pre-quake
views of the campus, and oth
ers of that era from his per
sonal collection.

Registration will take place
during this showing in Me
morial Auditorium, starting
at 9 a.m. After the registra
tion, a student panel will dis
cuss contemporary Stanford
life under the chairmanship
of Professor James T. Wat
kins. Also in the morning,
new Alumni Board officers
will bo elected.
The afternoon will be occu
pied with 10 lectures by mem
bers of the faculty, guided
bus tours of the campus, a
varsity-alumni football game
in Stanford Stadium at 3:45,
and the annual Buck Club-
Block S barbecue next to the
stadium after the game.
Saturday, 1,000 alumni will
come to the campus for their
annual conference.
The activities will get un
derway at 8:45 Saturday
morning in Mem Aud, when
Palo Alto photographer Ber
ton W. Crandall (’O7) will
show some of his pre-quake
views of the campus, and oth
ers of that era from his per
sonal collection.

Registration will take place
during this showing in Me
morial Auditorium, starting
at 9 a.m. After the registra
tion, a student panel will dis
cuss contemporary Stanford
life under the chairmanship
of Professor James T. Wat
kins. Also in the morning,
new Alumni Board officers
will bo elected.
The afternoon will be occu
pied with 10 lectures by mem
bers of the faculty, guided
bus tours of the campus, a
varsity-alumni football game
in Stanford Stadium at 3:45,
and the annual Buck Club-
Block S barbecue next to the
stadium after the game.
Saturday, 1,000 alumni will
come to the campus for their
annual conference.
The activities will get un
derway at 8:45 Saturday
morning in Mem Aud, when
Palo Alto photographer Ber
ton W. Crandall (’O7) will
show some of his pre-quake
views of the campus, and oth
ers of that era from his per
sonal collection.

Registration will take place
during this showing in Me
morial Auditorium, starting
at 9 a.m. After the registra
tion, a student panel will dis
cuss contemporary Stanford
life under the chairmanship
of Professor James T. Wat
kins. Also in the morning,
new Alumni Board officers
will bo elected.
The afternoon will be occu
pied with 10 lectures by mem
bers of the faculty, guided
bus tours of the campus, a
varsity-alumni football game
in Stanford Stadium at 3:45,
and the annual Buck Club-
Block S barbecue next to the
stadium after the game.
Saturday, 1,000 alumni will
come to the campus for their
annual conference.
The activities will get un
derway at 8:45 Saturday
morning in Mem Aud, when
Palo Alto photographer Ber
ton W. Crandall (’O7) will
show some of his pre-quake
views of the campus, and oth
ers of that era from his per
sonal collection.

Registration will take place
during this showing in Me
morial Auditorium, starting
at 9 a.m. After the registra
tion, a student panel will dis
cuss contemporary Stanford
life under the chairmanship
of Professor James T. Wat
kins. Also in the morning,
new Alumni Board officers
will bo elected.
The afternoon will be occu
pied with 10 lectures by mem
bers of the faculty, guided
bus tours of the campus, a
varsity-alumni football game
in Stanford Stadium at 3:45,
and the annual Buck Club-
Block S barbecue next to the
stadium after the game.
Saturday, 1,000 alumni will
come to the campus for their
annual conference.
The activities will get un
derway at 8:45 Saturday
morning in Mem Aud, when
Palo Alto photographer Ber
ton W. Crandall (’O7) will
show some of his pre-quake
views of the campus, and oth
ers of that era from his per
sonal collection.

Registration will take place
during this showing in Me
morial Auditorium, starting
at 9 a.m. After the registra
tion, a student panel will dis
cuss contemporary Stanford
life under the chairmanship
of Professor James T. Wat
kins. Also in the morning,
new Alumni Board officers
will bo elected.
The afternoon will be occu
pied with 10 lectures by mem
bers of the faculty, guided
bus tours of the campus, a
varsity-alumni football game
in Stanford Stadium at 3:45,
and the annual Buck Club-
Block S barbecue next to the
stadium after the game.
Saturday, 1,000 alumni will
come to the campus for their
annual conference.
The activities will get un
derway at 8:45 Saturday
morning in Mem Aud, when
Palo Alto photographer Ber
ton W. Crandall (’O7) will
show some of his pre-quake
views of the campus, and oth
ers of that era from his per
sonal collection.

Registration will take place
during this showing in Me
morial Auditorium, starting
at 9 a.m. After the registra
tion, a student panel will dis
cuss contemporary Stanford
life under the chairmanship
of Professor James T. Wat
kins. Also in the morning,
new Alumni Board officers
will bo elected.
The afternoon will be occu
pied with 10 lectures by mem
bers of the faculty, guided
bus tours of the campus, a
varsity-alumni football game
in Stanford Stadium at 3:45,
and the annual Buck Club-
Block S barbecue next to the
stadium after the game.
Saturday, 1,000 alumni will
come to the campus for their
annual conference.
The activities will get un
derway at 8:45 Saturday
morning in Mem Aud, when
Palo Alto photographer Ber
ton W. Crandall (’O7) will
show some of his pre-quake
views of the campus, and oth
ers of that era from his per
sonal collection.

Registration will take place
during this showing in Me
morial Auditorium, starting
at 9 a.m. After the registra
tion, a student panel will dis
cuss contemporary Stanford
life under the chairmanship
of Professor James T. Wat
kins. Also in the morning,
new Alumni Board officers
will bo elected.
The afternoon will be occu
pied with 10 lectures by mem
bers of the faculty, guided
bus tours of the campus, a
varsity-alumni football game
in Stanford Stadium at 3:45,
and the annual Buck Club-
Block S barbecue next to the
stadium after the game.
Saturday, 1,000 alumni will
come to the campus for their
annual conference.
The activities will get un
derway at 8:45 Saturday
morning in Mem Aud, when
Palo Alto photographer Ber
ton W. Crandall (’O7) will
show some of his pre-quake
views of the campus, and oth
ers of that era from his per
sonal collection.

Registration will take place
during this showing in Me
morial Auditorium, starting
at 9 a.m. After the registra
tion, a student panel will dis
cuss contemporary Stanford
life under the chairmanship
of Professor James T. Wat
kins. Also in the morning,
new Alumni Board officers
will bo elected.
The afternoon will be occu
pied with 10 lectures by mem
bers of the faculty, guided
bus tours of the campus, a
varsity-alumni football game
in Stanford Stadium at 3:45,
and the annual Buck Club-
Block S barbecue next to the
stadium after the game.
Saturday, 1,000 alumni will
come to the campus for their
annual conference.
The activities will get un
derway at 8:45 Saturday
morning in Mem Aud, when
Palo Alto photographer Ber
ton W. Crandall (’O7) will
show some of his pre-quake
views of the campus, and oth
ers of that era from his per
sonal collection.

Registration will take place
during this showing in Me
morial Auditorium, starting
at 9 a.m. After the registra
tion, a student panel will dis
cuss contemporary Stanford
life under the chairmanship
of Professor James T. Wat
kins. Also in the morning,
new Alumni Board officers
will bo elected.
The afternoon will be occu
pied with 10 lectures by mem
bers of the faculty, guided
bus tours of the campus, a
varsity-alumni football game
in Stanford Stadium at 3:45,
and the annual Buck Club-
Block S barbecue next to the
stadium after the game.
Saturday, 1,000 alumni will
come to the campus for their
annual conference.
The activities will get un
derway at 8:45 Saturday
morning in Mem Aud, when
Palo Alto photographer Ber
ton W. Crandall (’O7) will
show some of his pre-quake
views of the campus, and oth
ers of that era from his per
sonal collection.

Registration will take place
during this showing in Me
morial Auditorium, starting
at 9 a.m. After the registra
tion, a student panel will dis
cuss contemporary Stanford
life under the chairmanship
of Professor James T. Wat
kins. Also in the morning,
new Alumni Board officers
will bo elected.
The afternoon will be occu
pied with 10 lectures by mem
bers of the faculty, guided
bus tours of the campus, a
varsity-alumni football game
in Stanford Stadium at 3:45,
and the annual Buck Club-
Block S barbecue next to the
stadium after the game.
Saturday, 1,000 alumni will
come to the campus for their
annual conference.
The activities will get un
derway at 8:45 Saturday
morning in Mem Aud, when
Palo Alto photographer Ber
ton W. Crandall (’O7) will
show some of his pre-quake
views of the campus, and oth
ers of that era from his per
sonal collection.

Registration will take place
during this showing in Me
morial Auditorium, starting
at 9 a.m. After the registra
tion, a student panel will dis
cuss contemporary Stanford
life under the chairmanship
of Professor James T. Wat
kins. Also in the morning,
new Alumni Board officers
will bo elected.
The afternoon will be occu
pied with 10 lectures by mem
bers of the faculty, guided
bus tours of the campus, a
varsity-alumni football game
in Stanford Stadium at 3:45,
and the annual Buck Club-
Block S barbecue next to the
stadium after the game.
Saturday, 1,000 alumni will
come to the campus for their
annual conference.
The activities will get un
derway at 8:45 Saturday
morning in Mem Aud, when
Palo Alto photographer Ber
ton W. Crandall (’O7) will
show some of his pre-quake
views of the campus, and oth
ers of that era from his per
sonal collection.

Registration will take place
during this showing in Me
morial Auditorium, starting
at 9 a.m. After the registra
tion, a student panel will dis
cuss contemporary Stanford
life under the chairmanship
of Professor James T. Wat
kins. Also in the morning,
new Alumni Board officers
will bo elected.
The afternoon will be occu
pied with 10 lectures by mem
bers of the faculty, guided
bus tours of the campus, a
varsity-alumni football game
in Stanford Stadium at 3:45,
and the annual Buck Club-
Block S barbecue next to the
stadium after the game.
Saturday, 1,000 alumni will
come to the campus for their
annual conference.
The activities will get un
derway at 8:45 Saturday
morning in Mem Aud, when
Palo Alto photographer Ber
ton W. Crandall (’O7) will
show some of his pre-quake
views of the campus, and oth
ers of that era from his per
sonal collection.

Registration will take place
during this showing in Me
morial Auditorium, starting
at 9 a.m. After the registra
tion, a student panel will dis
cuss contemporary Stanford
life under the chairmanship
of Professor James T. Wat
kins. Also in the morning,
new Alumni Board officers
will bo elected.
The afternoon will be occu
pied with 10 lectures by mem
bers of the faculty, guided
bus tours of the campus, a
varsity-alumni football game
in Stanford Stadium at 3:45,
and the annual Buck Club-
Block S barbecue next to the
stadium after the game.
Saturday, 1,000 alumni will
come to the campus for their
annual conference.
The activities will get un
derway at 8:45 Saturday
morning in Mem Aud, when
Palo Alto photographer Ber
ton W. Crandall (’O7) will
show some of his pre-quake
views of the campus, and oth
ers of that era from his per
sonal collection.

Registration will take place
during this showing in Me
morial Auditorium, starting
at 9 a.m. After the registra
tion, a student panel will dis
cuss contemporary Stanford
life under the chairmanship
of Professor James T. Wat
kins. Also in the morning,
new Alumni Board officers
will bo elected.
The afternoon will be occu
pied with 10 lectures by mem
bers of the faculty, guided
bus tours of the campus, a
varsity-alumni football game
in Stanford Stadium at 3:45,
and the annual Buck Club-
Block S barbecue next to the
stadium after the game.
Saturday, 1,000 alumni will
come to the campus for their
annual conference.
The activities will get un
derway at 8:45 Saturday
morning in Mem Aud, when
Palo Alto photographer Ber
ton W. Crandall (’O7) will
show some of his pre-quake
views of the campus, and oth
ers of that era from his per
sonal collection.

Registration will take place
during this showing in Me
morial Auditorium, starting
at 9 a.m. After the registra
tion, a student panel will dis
cuss contemporary Stanford
life under the chairmanship
of Professor James T. Wat
kins. Also in the morning,
new Alumni Board officers
will bo elected.
The afternoon will be occu
pied with 10 lectures by mem
bers of the faculty, guided
bus tours of the campus, a
varsity-alumni football game
in Stanford Stadium at 3:45,
and the annual Buck Club-
Block S barbecue next to the
stadium after the game.
