# Adv. 12 Page 8
## 
### 
Invest in Series I Bonds. They're
guaranteed to beat inflation. And
you can get started
with just $50.
nr«i
[wrvoiK Nettk a Sah Placr to Grow
www.savingsbonds.gov
A public service of this newspaper
Invest in Series I Bonds. They're
guaranteed to beat inflation. And
you can get started
with just $50.
nr«i
[wrvoiK Nettk a Sah Placr to Grow
www.savingsbonds.gov
A public service of this newspaper
Invest in Series I Bonds. They're
guaranteed to beat inflation. And
you can get started
with just $50.
nr«i
[wrvoiK Nettk a Sah Placr to Grow
www.savingsbonds.gov
A public service of this newspaper
Invest in Series I Bonds. They're
guaranteed to beat inflation. And
you can get started
with just $50.
nr«i
[wrvoiK Nettk a Sah Placr to Grow
www.savingsbonds.gov
A public service of this newspaper
Invest in Series I Bonds. They're
guaranteed to beat inflation. And
you can get started
with just $50.
nr«i
[wrvoiK Nettk a Sah Placr to Grow
www.savingsbonds.gov
A public service of this newspaper
Invest in Series I Bonds. They're
guaranteed to beat inflation. And
you can get started
with just $50.
nr«i
[wrvoiK Nettk a Sah Placr to Grow
www.savingsbonds.gov
A public service of this newspaper
