# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Let us have a large crowd attend
to-morrow's game of baseball on the
Lome grounds, and Saturday let a
goodly number ot Stanford enthu
siasts cheer on our bovs to victory
when they meet the University of
California at ihe Ilaight slreet
grounds in the first of a series of
games. The enthusiasm that cen
tered around football can find vent
now in cheering our baseball and
track athletes.
Let us have a large crowd attend
to-morrow's game of baseball on the
Lome grounds, and Saturday let a
goodly number ot Stanford enthu
siasts cheer on our bovs to victory
when they meet the University of
California at ihe Ilaight slreet
grounds in the first of a series of
games. The enthusiasm that cen
tered around football can find vent
now in cheering our baseball and
track athletes.
