# INJUNCTION MAY HALT WORK ON U.C. BOWL
## 
### 
An injunction from the Superior
Court to prevent work on the Cali
fornia stadium may be secured by the
Schultz Construction Company of San
Francisco. E. R. Hoerschner, attorney
for the Schultz company declares that
despite the fact that his company had
the lowest bid for the work, construc
tion work was given to Bates and
Borland of Oakland.
"I see by the papers that the con
tract was awarded to Bates and Bor
land for $335,000," Hoerschner de
clared. "I happen to know that their
bid was $350,000, while our bid was
only $317,000."
An injunction from the Superior
Court to prevent work on the Cali
fornia stadium may be secured by the
Schultz Construction Company of San
Francisco. E. R. Hoerschner, attorney
for the Schultz company declares that
despite the fact that his company had
the lowest bid for the work, construc
tion work was given to Bates and
Borland of Oakland.
"I see by the papers that the con
tract was awarded to Bates and Bor
land for $335,000," Hoerschner de
clared. "I happen to know that their
bid was $350,000, while our bid was
only $317,000."
An injunction from the Superior
Court to prevent work on the Cali
fornia stadium may be secured by the
Schultz Construction Company of San
Francisco. E. R. Hoerschner, attorney
for the Schultz company declares that
despite the fact that his company had
the lowest bid for the work, construc
tion work was given to Bates and
Borland of Oakland.
"I see by the papers that the con
tract was awarded to Bates and Bor
land for $335,000," Hoerschner de
clared. "I happen to know that their
bid was $350,000, while our bid was
only $317,000."
An injunction from the Superior
Court to prevent work on the Cali
fornia stadium may be secured by the
Schultz Construction Company of San
Francisco. E. R. Hoerschner, attorney
for the Schultz company declares that
despite the fact that his company had
the lowest bid for the work, construc
tion work was given to Bates and
Borland of Oakland.
"I see by the papers that the con
tract was awarded to Bates and Bor
land for $335,000," Hoerschner de
clared. "I happen to know that their
bid was $350,000, while our bid was
only $317,000."
An injunction from the Superior
Court to prevent work on the Cali
fornia stadium may be secured by the
Schultz Construction Company of San
Francisco. E. R. Hoerschner, attorney
for the Schultz company declares that
despite the fact that his company had
the lowest bid for the work, construc
tion work was given to Bates and
Borland of Oakland.
"I see by the papers that the con
tract was awarded to Bates and Bor
land for $335,000," Hoerschner de
clared. "I happen to know that their
bid was $350,000, while our bid was
only $317,000."
An injunction from the Superior
Court to prevent work on the Cali
fornia stadium may be secured by the
Schultz Construction Company of San
Francisco. E. R. Hoerschner, attorney
for the Schultz company declares that
despite the fact that his company had
the lowest bid for the work, construc
tion work was given to Bates and
Borland of Oakland.
"I see by the papers that the con
tract was awarded to Bates and Bor
land for $335,000," Hoerschner de
clared. "I happen to know that their
bid was $350,000, while our bid was
only $317,000."
An injunction from the Superior
Court to prevent work on the Cali
fornia stadium may be secured by the
Schultz Construction Company of San
Francisco. E. R. Hoerschner, attorney
for the Schultz company declares that
despite the fact that his company had
the lowest bid for the work, construc
tion work was given to Bates and
Borland of Oakland.
"I see by the papers that the con
tract was awarded to Bates and Bor
land for $335,000," Hoerschner de
clared. "I happen to know that their
bid was $350,000, while our bid was
only $317,000."
An injunction from the Superior
Court to prevent work on the Cali
fornia stadium may be secured by the
Schultz Construction Company of San
Francisco. E. R. Hoerschner, attorney
for the Schultz company declares that
despite the fact that his company had
the lowest bid for the work, construc
tion work was given to Bates and
Borland of Oakland.
"I see by the papers that the con
tract was awarded to Bates and Bor
land for $335,000," Hoerschner de
clared. "I happen to know that their
bid was $350,000, while our bid was
only $317,000."
An injunction from the Superior
Court to prevent work on the Cali
fornia stadium may be secured by the
Schultz Construction Company of San
Francisco. E. R. Hoerschner, attorney
for the Schultz company declares that
despite the fact that his company had
the lowest bid for the work, construc
tion work was given to Bates and
Borland of Oakland.
"I see by the papers that the con
tract was awarded to Bates and Bor
land for $335,000," Hoerschner de
clared. "I happen to know that their
bid was $350,000, while our bid was
only $317,000."
An injunction from the Superior
Court to prevent work on the Cali
fornia stadium may be secured by the
Schultz Construction Company of San
Francisco. E. R. Hoerschner, attorney
for the Schultz company declares that
despite the fact that his company had
the lowest bid for the work, construc
tion work was given to Bates and
Borland of Oakland.
"I see by the papers that the con
tract was awarded to Bates and Bor
land for $335,000," Hoerschner de
clared. "I happen to know that their
bid was $350,000, while our bid was
only $317,000."
An injunction from the Superior
Court to prevent work on the Cali
fornia stadium may be secured by the
Schultz Construction Company of San
Francisco. E. R. Hoerschner, attorney
for the Schultz company declares that
despite the fact that his company had
the lowest bid for the work, construc
tion work was given to Bates and
Borland of Oakland.
"I see by the papers that the con
tract was awarded to Bates and Bor
land for $335,000," Hoerschner de
clared. "I happen to know that their
bid was $350,000, while our bid was
only $317,000."
An injunction from the Superior
Court to prevent work on the Cali
fornia stadium may be secured by the
Schultz Construction Company of San
Francisco. E. R. Hoerschner, attorney
for the Schultz company declares that
despite the fact that his company had
the lowest bid for the work, construc
tion work was given to Bates and
Borland of Oakland.
"I see by the papers that the con
tract was awarded to Bates and Bor
land for $335,000," Hoerschner de
clared. "I happen to know that their
bid was $350,000, while our bid was
only $317,000."
An injunction from the Superior
Court to prevent work on the Cali
fornia stadium may be secured by the
Schultz Construction Company of San
Francisco. E. R. Hoerschner, attorney
for the Schultz company declares that
despite the fact that his company had
the lowest bid for the work, construc
tion work was given to Bates and
Borland of Oakland.
"I see by the papers that the con
tract was awarded to Bates and Bor
land for $335,000," Hoerschner de
clared. "I happen to know that their
bid was $350,000, while our bid was
only $317,000."
An injunction from the Superior
Court to prevent work on the Cali
fornia stadium may be secured by the
Schultz Construction Company of San
Francisco. E. R. Hoerschner, attorney
for the Schultz company declares that
despite the fact that his company had
the lowest bid for the work, construc
tion work was given to Bates and
Borland of Oakland.
"I see by the papers that the con
tract was awarded to Bates and Bor
land for $335,000," Hoerschner de
clared. "I happen to know that their
bid was $350,000, while our bid was
only $317,000."
An injunction from the Superior
Court to prevent work on the Cali
fornia stadium may be secured by the
Schultz Construction Company of San
Francisco. E. R. Hoerschner, attorney
for the Schultz company declares that
despite the fact that his company had
the lowest bid for the work, construc
tion work was given to Bates and
Borland of Oakland.
"I see by the papers that the con
tract was awarded to Bates and Bor
land for $335,000," Hoerschner de
clared. "I happen to know that their
bid was $350,000, while our bid was
only $317,000."
