# BSU Rally
## 
### 
The Black Students Union last night
announced a rally for noon today at
White Plaza.
BSU members plan to discuss the out
come of negotiations this morning with
Presideht Pitzer over recent demands on
the University.
The Black Students Union last night
announced a rally for noon today at
White Plaza.
BSU members plan to discuss the out
come of negotiations this morning with
Presideht Pitzer over recent demands on
the University.
The Black Students Union last night
announced a rally for noon today at
White Plaza.
BSU members plan to discuss the out
come of negotiations this morning with
Presideht Pitzer over recent demands on
the University.
The Black Students Union last night
announced a rally for noon today at
White Plaza.
BSU members plan to discuss the out
come of negotiations this morning with
Presideht Pitzer over recent demands on
the University.
The Black Students Union last night
announced a rally for noon today at
White Plaza.
BSU members plan to discuss the out
come of negotiations this morning with
Presideht Pitzer over recent demands on
the University.
The Black Students Union last night
announced a rally for noon today at
White Plaza.
BSU members plan to discuss the out
come of negotiations this morning with
Presideht Pitzer over recent demands on
the University.
The Black Students Union last night
announced a rally for noon today at
White Plaza.
BSU members plan to discuss the out
come of negotiations this morning with
Presideht Pitzer over recent demands on
the University.
The Black Students Union last night
announced a rally for noon today at
White Plaza.
BSU members plan to discuss the out
come of negotiations this morning with
Presideht Pitzer over recent demands on
the University.
The Black Students Union last night
announced a rally for noon today at
White Plaza.
BSU members plan to discuss the out
come of negotiations this morning with
Presideht Pitzer over recent demands on
the University.
The Black Students Union last night
announced a rally for noon today at
White Plaza.
BSU members plan to discuss the out
come of negotiations this morning with
Presideht Pitzer over recent demands on
the University.
The Black Students Union last night
announced a rally for noon today at
White Plaza.
BSU members plan to discuss the out
come of negotiations this morning with
Presideht Pitzer over recent demands on
the University.
The Black Students Union last night
announced a rally for noon today at
White Plaza.
BSU members plan to discuss the out
come of negotiations this morning with
Presideht Pitzer over recent demands on
the University.
The Black Students Union last night
announced a rally for noon today at
White Plaza.
BSU members plan to discuss the out
come of negotiations this morning with
Presideht Pitzer over recent demands on
the University.
The Black Students Union last night
announced a rally for noon today at
White Plaza.
BSU members plan to discuss the out
come of negotiations this morning with
Presideht Pitzer over recent demands on
the University.
