# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 

LUCKY
STRIKE
"IT'S TOASTED"
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.

Drop down to Dod
son's tomorrow and
pick out a record or
two to give the folks

(and your room
mate) for Christmas.
Not only do gifts
of music superbly
reflect the spirit of
Christmas, but they
are modestly priced.

LUCKY
STRIKE
"IT'S TOASTED"
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.

Drop down to Dod
son's tomorrow and
pick out a record or
two to give the folks

(and your room
mate) for Christmas.
Not only do gifts
of music superbly
reflect the spirit of
Christmas, but they
are modestly priced.

LUCKY
STRIKE
"IT'S TOASTED"
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.

Drop down to Dod
son's tomorrow and
pick out a record or
two to give the folks

(and your room
mate) for Christmas.
Not only do gifts
of music superbly
reflect the spirit of
Christmas, but they
are modestly priced.

LUCKY
STRIKE
"IT'S TOASTED"
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.

Drop down to Dod
son's tomorrow and
pick out a record or
two to give the folks

(and your room
mate) for Christmas.
Not only do gifts
of music superbly
reflect the spirit of
Christmas, but they
are modestly priced.

LUCKY
STRIKE
"IT'S TOASTED"
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.

Drop down to Dod
son's tomorrow and
pick out a record or
two to give the folks

(and your room
mate) for Christmas.
Not only do gifts
of music superbly
reflect the spirit of
Christmas, but they
are modestly priced.

LUCKY
STRIKE
"IT'S TOASTED"
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.

Drop down to Dod
son's tomorrow and
pick out a record or
two to give the folks

(and your room
mate) for Christmas.
Not only do gifts
of music superbly
reflect the spirit of
Christmas, but they
are modestly priced.

LUCKY
STRIKE
"IT'S TOASTED"
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.

Drop down to Dod
son's tomorrow and
pick out a record or
two to give the folks

(and your room
mate) for Christmas.
Not only do gifts
of music superbly
reflect the spirit of
Christmas, but they
are modestly priced.

LUCKY
STRIKE
"IT'S TOASTED"
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.

Drop down to Dod
son's tomorrow and
pick out a record or
two to give the folks

(and your room
mate) for Christmas.
Not only do gifts
of music superbly
reflect the spirit of
Christmas, but they
are modestly priced.

LUCKY
STRIKE
"IT'S TOASTED"
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.

Drop down to Dod
son's tomorrow and
pick out a record or
two to give the folks

(and your room
mate) for Christmas.
Not only do gifts
of music superbly
reflect the spirit of
Christmas, but they
are modestly priced.

LUCKY
STRIKE
"IT'S TOASTED"
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.

Drop down to Dod
son's tomorrow and
pick out a record or
two to give the folks

(and your room
mate) for Christmas.
Not only do gifts
of music superbly
reflect the spirit of
Christmas, but they
are modestly priced.

LUCKY
STRIKE
"IT'S TOASTED"
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.

Drop down to Dod
son's tomorrow and
pick out a record or
two to give the folks

(and your room
mate) for Christmas.
Not only do gifts
of music superbly
reflect the spirit of
Christmas, but they
are modestly priced.

LUCKY
STRIKE
"IT'S TOASTED"
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.

Drop down to Dod
son's tomorrow and
pick out a record or
two to give the folks

(and your room
mate) for Christmas.
Not only do gifts
of music superbly
reflect the spirit of
Christmas, but they
are modestly priced.

LUCKY
STRIKE
"IT'S TOASTED"
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.

Drop down to Dod
son's tomorrow and
pick out a record or
two to give the folks

(and your room
mate) for Christmas.
Not only do gifts
of music superbly
reflect the spirit of
Christmas, but they
are modestly priced.

LUCKY
STRIKE
"IT'S TOASTED"
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.

Drop down to Dod
son's tomorrow and
pick out a record or
two to give the folks

(and your room
mate) for Christmas.
Not only do gifts
of music superbly
reflect the spirit of
Christmas, but they
are modestly priced.

LUCKY
STRIKE
"IT'S TOASTED"
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.

Drop down to Dod
son's tomorrow and
pick out a record or
two to give the folks

(and your room
mate) for Christmas.
Not only do gifts
of music superbly
reflect the spirit of
Christmas, but they
are modestly priced.
