# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A special train from San
Francisco and special cars
from Palo Alto to the campus,
will be waiting to bring back
those who attend the dinner to
President and Mrs. Jordan next
Friday night in San Francisco.
Tickets may still be secured
and reservations made at the
Registrar's Office, but not later
than 10 o'clock tomorrow, Wed
nesday morning. That is the
limit of time allowed for buy
ing tickets, since the hotel
must be notified as to the num
ber who will attend the dinner.
It is requested that all uni
versity people and others who
are going to Ssm Francisco on
Friday afternoon, plan to take
the special train from Palo
\Fto at 3:30, in order that the
guarantee necessary for the
special may he secured. '
A special train from San
Francisco and special cars
from Palo Alto to the campus,
will be waiting to bring back
those who attend the dinner to
President and Mrs. Jordan next
Friday night in San Francisco.
Tickets may still be secured
and reservations made at the
Registrar's Office, but not later
than 10 o'clock tomorrow, Wed
nesday morning. That is the
limit of time allowed for buy
ing tickets, since the hotel
must be notified as to the num
ber who will attend the dinner.
It is requested that all uni
versity people and others who
are going to Ssm Francisco on
Friday afternoon, plan to take
the special train from Palo
\Fto at 3:30, in order that the
guarantee necessary for the
special may he secured. '
A special train from San
Francisco and special cars
from Palo Alto to the campus,
will be waiting to bring back
those who attend the dinner to
President and Mrs. Jordan next
Friday night in San Francisco.
Tickets may still be secured
and reservations made at the
Registrar's Office, but not later
than 10 o'clock tomorrow, Wed
nesday morning. That is the
limit of time allowed for buy
ing tickets, since the hotel
must be notified as to the num
ber who will attend the dinner.
It is requested that all uni
versity people and others who
are going to Ssm Francisco on
Friday afternoon, plan to take
the special train from Palo
\Fto at 3:30, in order that the
guarantee necessary for the
special may he secured. '
A special train from San
Francisco and special cars
from Palo Alto to the campus,
will be waiting to bring back
those who attend the dinner to
President and Mrs. Jordan next
Friday night in San Francisco.
Tickets may still be secured
and reservations made at the
Registrar's Office, but not later
than 10 o'clock tomorrow, Wed
nesday morning. That is the
limit of time allowed for buy
ing tickets, since the hotel
must be notified as to the num
ber who will attend the dinner.
It is requested that all uni
versity people and others who
are going to Ssm Francisco on
Friday afternoon, plan to take
the special train from Palo
\Fto at 3:30, in order that the
guarantee necessary for the
special may he secured. '
A special train from San
Francisco and special cars
from Palo Alto to the campus,
will be waiting to bring back
those who attend the dinner to
President and Mrs. Jordan next
Friday night in San Francisco.
Tickets may still be secured
and reservations made at the
Registrar's Office, but not later
than 10 o'clock tomorrow, Wed
nesday morning. That is the
limit of time allowed for buy
ing tickets, since the hotel
must be notified as to the num
ber who will attend the dinner.
It is requested that all uni
versity people and others who
are going to Ssm Francisco on
Friday afternoon, plan to take
the special train from Palo
\Fto at 3:30, in order that the
guarantee necessary for the
special may he secured. '
A special train from San
Francisco and special cars
from Palo Alto to the campus,
will be waiting to bring back
those who attend the dinner to
President and Mrs. Jordan next
Friday night in San Francisco.
Tickets may still be secured
and reservations made at the
Registrar's Office, but not later
than 10 o'clock tomorrow, Wed
nesday morning. That is the
limit of time allowed for buy
ing tickets, since the hotel
must be notified as to the num
ber who will attend the dinner.
It is requested that all uni
versity people and others who
are going to Ssm Francisco on
Friday afternoon, plan to take
the special train from Palo
\Fto at 3:30, in order that the
guarantee necessary for the
special may he secured. '
A special train from San
Francisco and special cars
from Palo Alto to the campus,
will be waiting to bring back
those who attend the dinner to
President and Mrs. Jordan next
Friday night in San Francisco.
Tickets may still be secured
and reservations made at the
Registrar's Office, but not later
than 10 o'clock tomorrow, Wed
nesday morning. That is the
limit of time allowed for buy
ing tickets, since the hotel
must be notified as to the num
ber who will attend the dinner.
It is requested that all uni
versity people and others who
are going to Ssm Francisco on
Friday afternoon, plan to take
the special train from Palo
\Fto at 3:30, in order that the
guarantee necessary for the
special may he secured. '
A special train from San
Francisco and special cars
from Palo Alto to the campus,
will be waiting to bring back
those who attend the dinner to
President and Mrs. Jordan next
Friday night in San Francisco.
Tickets may still be secured
and reservations made at the
Registrar's Office, but not later
than 10 o'clock tomorrow, Wed
nesday morning. That is the
limit of time allowed for buy
ing tickets, since the hotel
must be notified as to the num
ber who will attend the dinner.
It is requested that all uni
versity people and others who
are going to Ssm Francisco on
Friday afternoon, plan to take
the special train from Palo
\Fto at 3:30, in order that the
guarantee necessary for the
special may he secured. '
A special train from San
Francisco and special cars
from Palo Alto to the campus,
will be waiting to bring back
those who attend the dinner to
President and Mrs. Jordan next
Friday night in San Francisco.
Tickets may still be secured
and reservations made at the
Registrar's Office, but not later
than 10 o'clock tomorrow, Wed
nesday morning. That is the
limit of time allowed for buy
ing tickets, since the hotel
must be notified as to the num
ber who will attend the dinner.
It is requested that all uni
versity people and others who
are going to Ssm Francisco on
Friday afternoon, plan to take
the special train from Palo
\Fto at 3:30, in order that the
guarantee necessary for the
special may he secured. '
A special train from San
Francisco and special cars
from Palo Alto to the campus,
will be waiting to bring back
those who attend the dinner to
President and Mrs. Jordan next
Friday night in San Francisco.
Tickets may still be secured
and reservations made at the
Registrar's Office, but not later
than 10 o'clock tomorrow, Wed
nesday morning. That is the
limit of time allowed for buy
ing tickets, since the hotel
must be notified as to the num
ber who will attend the dinner.
It is requested that all uni
versity people and others who
are going to Ssm Francisco on
Friday afternoon, plan to take
the special train from Palo
\Fto at 3:30, in order that the
guarantee necessary for the
special may he secured. '
A special train from San
Francisco and special cars
from Palo Alto to the campus,
will be waiting to bring back
those who attend the dinner to
President and Mrs. Jordan next
Friday night in San Francisco.
Tickets may still be secured
and reservations made at the
Registrar's Office, but not later
than 10 o'clock tomorrow, Wed
nesday morning. That is the
limit of time allowed for buy
ing tickets, since the hotel
must be notified as to the num
ber who will attend the dinner.
It is requested that all uni
versity people and others who
are going to Ssm Francisco on
Friday afternoon, plan to take
the special train from Palo
\Fto at 3:30, in order that the
guarantee necessary for the
special may he secured. '
A special train from San
Francisco and special cars
from Palo Alto to the campus,
will be waiting to bring back
those who attend the dinner to
President and Mrs. Jordan next
Friday night in San Francisco.
Tickets may still be secured
and reservations made at the
Registrar's Office, but not later
than 10 o'clock tomorrow, Wed
nesday morning. That is the
limit of time allowed for buy
ing tickets, since the hotel
must be notified as to the num
ber who will attend the dinner.
It is requested that all uni
versity people and others who
are going to Ssm Francisco on
Friday afternoon, plan to take
the special train from Palo
\Fto at 3:30, in order that the
guarantee necessary for the
special may he secured. '
