# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The committee of fifty ap
pointed by A, W. Ambrose '18.
campus clmirinnn of the Stan
ford Union, to gather funds for
the proposed building »• 11 me<M
tomorrow afternoon at 1:10 in
room (ss. The meeting of the
collectors litis been called for
the purpose of a conference of
the members with permanent
secretary E. W. Smith *99. The
subscription books of the Union
v ill be examined and each
pledgee's standing will be look
el into so as t;> give the com
mittee something definite to
work from. Every one of the
fifty lieutenants will be assign
ed si state district In which to
carry on the collection of
money.
