# Dawson Wins Championship.
## 
### 
H. W. Dawson '14, defeated V. L.
Sheldon '15, in the singles champion
ship in the interclub tennis tourna
ment, today, in two straight sets, 6-2,
6-1.
H. W. Dawson '14, defeated V. L.
Sheldon '15, in the singles champion
ship in the interclub tennis tourna
ment, today, in two straight sets, 6-2,
6-1.
H. W. Dawson '14, defeated V. L.
Sheldon '15, in the singles champion
ship in the interclub tennis tourna
ment, today, in two straight sets, 6-2,
6-1.
H. W. Dawson '14, defeated V. L.
Sheldon '15, in the singles champion
ship in the interclub tennis tourna
ment, today, in two straight sets, 6-2,
6-1.
H. W. Dawson '14, defeated V. L.
Sheldon '15, in the singles champion
ship in the interclub tennis tourna
ment, today, in two straight sets, 6-2,
6-1.
H. W. Dawson '14, defeated V. L.
Sheldon '15, in the singles champion
ship in the interclub tennis tourna
ment, today, in two straight sets, 6-2,
6-1.
H. W. Dawson '14, defeated V. L.
Sheldon '15, in the singles champion
ship in the interclub tennis tourna
ment, today, in two straight sets, 6-2,
6-1.
H. W. Dawson '14, defeated V. L.
Sheldon '15, in the singles champion
ship in the interclub tennis tourna
ment, today, in two straight sets, 6-2,
6-1.
H. W. Dawson '14, defeated V. L.
Sheldon '15, in the singles champion
ship in the interclub tennis tourna
ment, today, in two straight sets, 6-2,
6-1.
H. W. Dawson '14, defeated V. L.
Sheldon '15, in the singles champion
ship in the interclub tennis tourna
ment, today, in two straight sets, 6-2,
6-1.
H. W. Dawson '14, defeated V. L.
Sheldon '15, in the singles champion
ship in the interclub tennis tourna
ment, today, in two straight sets, 6-2,
6-1.
H. W. Dawson '14, defeated V. L.
Sheldon '15, in the singles champion
ship in the interclub tennis tourna
ment, today, in two straight sets, 6-2,
6-1.
