# Will Sell Candy For Fund.
## 
### 
Anions the palm trees in the circle
in front of the German building, on
Wednesday morning, will be found a
table filled with home-made candy, in
which everyone is invited to invest.
The proceeds will go to swell the Capi
tola Fund, to send Stanford women as
representatives of the Conference
there. In case of rain the table will
be placed in the open doorway of the
office of the Dean of Women, in the
History building.
Anions the palm trees in the circle
in front of the German building, on
Wednesday morning, will be found a
table filled with home-made candy, in
which everyone is invited to invest.
The proceeds will go to swell the Capi
tola Fund, to send Stanford women as
representatives of the Conference
there. In case of rain the table will
be placed in the open doorway of the
office of the Dean of Women, in the
History building.
Anions the palm trees in the circle
in front of the German building, on
Wednesday morning, will be found a
table filled with home-made candy, in
which everyone is invited to invest.
The proceeds will go to swell the Capi
tola Fund, to send Stanford women as
representatives of the Conference
there. In case of rain the table will
be placed in the open doorway of the
office of the Dean of Women, in the
History building.
Anions the palm trees in the circle
in front of the German building, on
Wednesday morning, will be found a
table filled with home-made candy, in
which everyone is invited to invest.
The proceeds will go to swell the Capi
tola Fund, to send Stanford women as
representatives of the Conference
there. In case of rain the table will
be placed in the open doorway of the
office of the Dean of Women, in the
History building.
Anions the palm trees in the circle
in front of the German building, on
Wednesday morning, will be found a
table filled with home-made candy, in
which everyone is invited to invest.
The proceeds will go to swell the Capi
tola Fund, to send Stanford women as
representatives of the Conference
there. In case of rain the table will
be placed in the open doorway of the
office of the Dean of Women, in the
History building.
Anions the palm trees in the circle
in front of the German building, on
Wednesday morning, will be found a
table filled with home-made candy, in
which everyone is invited to invest.
The proceeds will go to swell the Capi
tola Fund, to send Stanford women as
representatives of the Conference
there. In case of rain the table will
be placed in the open doorway of the
office of the Dean of Women, in the
History building.
Anions the palm trees in the circle
in front of the German building, on
Wednesday morning, will be found a
table filled with home-made candy, in
which everyone is invited to invest.
The proceeds will go to swell the Capi
tola Fund, to send Stanford women as
representatives of the Conference
there. In case of rain the table will
be placed in the open doorway of the
office of the Dean of Women, in the
History building.
Anions the palm trees in the circle
in front of the German building, on
Wednesday morning, will be found a
table filled with home-made candy, in
which everyone is invited to invest.
The proceeds will go to swell the Capi
tola Fund, to send Stanford women as
representatives of the Conference
there. In case of rain the table will
be placed in the open doorway of the
office of the Dean of Women, in the
History building.
Anions the palm trees in the circle
in front of the German building, on
Wednesday morning, will be found a
table filled with home-made candy, in
which everyone is invited to invest.
The proceeds will go to swell the Capi
tola Fund, to send Stanford women as
representatives of the Conference
there. In case of rain the table will
be placed in the open doorway of the
office of the Dean of Women, in the
History building.
Anions the palm trees in the circle
in front of the German building, on
Wednesday morning, will be found a
table filled with home-made candy, in
which everyone is invited to invest.
The proceeds will go to swell the Capi
tola Fund, to send Stanford women as
representatives of the Conference
there. In case of rain the table will
be placed in the open doorway of the
office of the Dean of Women, in the
History building.
Anions the palm trees in the circle
in front of the German building, on
Wednesday morning, will be found a
table filled with home-made candy, in
which everyone is invited to invest.
The proceeds will go to swell the Capi
tola Fund, to send Stanford women as
representatives of the Conference
there. In case of rain the table will
be placed in the open doorway of the
office of the Dean of Women, in the
History building.
Anions the palm trees in the circle
in front of the German building, on
Wednesday morning, will be found a
table filled with home-made candy, in
which everyone is invited to invest.
The proceeds will go to swell the Capi
tola Fund, to send Stanford women as
representatives of the Conference
there. In case of rain the table will
be placed in the open doorway of the
office of the Dean of Women, in the
History building.
