# Travel Is Topic For 'Y' Series
## 
### 
The fourth mooting of the current
YVVCA-IJNESCn series will be hold
tomorrow afternoon .it 4:15 in the
lower lounge of the Wotm n't; Club
house. The general theme will he
"Travel."
Ade A. Liu ie from the University
Travel Service will he the featured
speaker on the program, and a film,
"All Roads Lead In France," will he
shown.
Lurie will speak on general travel
conditions, available space, costs of
trails - Atlantic transportation and
vacationing in foreign countries, and
the advisability of acting now to
secure reservations.
The fourth mooting of the current
YVVCA-IJNESCn series will be hold
tomorrow afternoon .it 4:15 in the
lower lounge of the Wotm n't; Club
house. The general theme will he
"Travel."
Ade A. Liu ie from the University
Travel Service will he the featured
speaker on the program, and a film,
"All Roads Lead In France," will he
shown.
Lurie will speak on general travel
conditions, available space, costs of
trails - Atlantic transportation and
vacationing in foreign countries, and
the advisability of acting now to
secure reservations.
The fourth mooting of the current
YVVCA-IJNESCn series will be hold
tomorrow afternoon .it 4:15 in the
lower lounge of the Wotm n't; Club
house. The general theme will he
"Travel."
Ade A. Liu ie from the University
Travel Service will he the featured
speaker on the program, and a film,
"All Roads Lead In France," will he
shown.
Lurie will speak on general travel
conditions, available space, costs of
trails - Atlantic transportation and
vacationing in foreign countries, and
the advisability of acting now to
secure reservations.
The fourth mooting of the current
YVVCA-IJNESCn series will be hold
tomorrow afternoon .it 4:15 in the
lower lounge of the Wotm n't; Club
house. The general theme will he
"Travel."
Ade A. Liu ie from the University
Travel Service will he the featured
speaker on the program, and a film,
"All Roads Lead In France," will he
shown.
Lurie will speak on general travel
conditions, available space, costs of
trails - Atlantic transportation and
vacationing in foreign countries, and
the advisability of acting now to
secure reservations.
The fourth mooting of the current
YVVCA-IJNESCn series will be hold
tomorrow afternoon .it 4:15 in the
lower lounge of the Wotm n't; Club
house. The general theme will he
"Travel."
Ade A. Liu ie from the University
Travel Service will he the featured
speaker on the program, and a film,
"All Roads Lead In France," will he
shown.
Lurie will speak on general travel
conditions, available space, costs of
trails - Atlantic transportation and
vacationing in foreign countries, and
the advisability of acting now to
secure reservations.
The fourth mooting of the current
YVVCA-IJNESCn series will be hold
tomorrow afternoon .it 4:15 in the
lower lounge of the Wotm n't; Club
house. The general theme will he
"Travel."
Ade A. Liu ie from the University
Travel Service will he the featured
speaker on the program, and a film,
"All Roads Lead In France," will he
shown.
Lurie will speak on general travel
conditions, available space, costs of
trails - Atlantic transportation and
vacationing in foreign countries, and
the advisability of acting now to
secure reservations.
The fourth mooting of the current
YVVCA-IJNESCn series will be hold
tomorrow afternoon .it 4:15 in the
lower lounge of the Wotm n't; Club
house. The general theme will he
"Travel."
Ade A. Liu ie from the University
Travel Service will he the featured
speaker on the program, and a film,
"All Roads Lead In France," will he
shown.
Lurie will speak on general travel
conditions, available space, costs of
trails - Atlantic transportation and
vacationing in foreign countries, and
the advisability of acting now to
secure reservations.
The fourth mooting of the current
YVVCA-IJNESCn series will be hold
tomorrow afternoon .it 4:15 in the
lower lounge of the Wotm n't; Club
house. The general theme will he
"Travel."
Ade A. Liu ie from the University
Travel Service will he the featured
speaker on the program, and a film,
"All Roads Lead In France," will he
shown.
Lurie will speak on general travel
conditions, available space, costs of
trails - Atlantic transportation and
vacationing in foreign countries, and
the advisability of acting now to
secure reservations.
The fourth mooting of the current
YVVCA-IJNESCn series will be hold
tomorrow afternoon .it 4:15 in the
lower lounge of the Wotm n't; Club
house. The general theme will he
"Travel."
Ade A. Liu ie from the University
Travel Service will he the featured
speaker on the program, and a film,
"All Roads Lead In France," will he
shown.
Lurie will speak on general travel
conditions, available space, costs of
trails - Atlantic transportation and
vacationing in foreign countries, and
the advisability of acting now to
secure reservations.
The fourth mooting of the current
YVVCA-IJNESCn series will be hold
tomorrow afternoon .it 4:15 in the
lower lounge of the Wotm n't; Club
house. The general theme will he
"Travel."
Ade A. Liu ie from the University
Travel Service will he the featured
speaker on the program, and a film,
"All Roads Lead In France," will he
shown.
Lurie will speak on general travel
conditions, available space, costs of
trails - Atlantic transportation and
vacationing in foreign countries, and
the advisability of acting now to
secure reservations.
The fourth mooting of the current
YVVCA-IJNESCn series will be hold
tomorrow afternoon .it 4:15 in the
lower lounge of the Wotm n't; Club
house. The general theme will he
"Travel."
Ade A. Liu ie from the University
Travel Service will he the featured
speaker on the program, and a film,
"All Roads Lead In France," will he
shown.
Lurie will speak on general travel
conditions, available space, costs of
trails - Atlantic transportation and
vacationing in foreign countries, and
the advisability of acting now to
secure reservations.
The fourth mooting of the current
YVVCA-IJNESCn series will be hold
tomorrow afternoon .it 4:15 in the
lower lounge of the Wotm n't; Club
house. The general theme will he
"Travel."
Ade A. Liu ie from the University
Travel Service will he the featured
speaker on the program, and a film,
"All Roads Lead In France," will he
shown.
Lurie will speak on general travel
conditions, available space, costs of
trails - Atlantic transportation and
vacationing in foreign countries, and
the advisability of acting now to
secure reservations.
The fourth mooting of the current
YVVCA-IJNESCn series will be hold
tomorrow afternoon .it 4:15 in the
lower lounge of the Wotm n't; Club
house. The general theme will he
"Travel."
Ade A. Liu ie from the University
Travel Service will he the featured
speaker on the program, and a film,
"All Roads Lead In France," will he
shown.
Lurie will speak on general travel
conditions, available space, costs of
trails - Atlantic transportation and
vacationing in foreign countries, and
the advisability of acting now to
secure reservations.
The fourth mooting of the current
YVVCA-IJNESCn series will be hold
tomorrow afternoon .it 4:15 in the
lower lounge of the Wotm n't; Club
house. The general theme will he
"Travel."
Ade A. Liu ie from the University
Travel Service will he the featured
speaker on the program, and a film,
"All Roads Lead In France," will he
shown.
Lurie will speak on general travel
conditions, available space, costs of
trails - Atlantic transportation and
vacationing in foreign countries, and
the advisability of acting now to
secure reservations.
