# SPRING ROOMS
## Stern, Toyon Sign-up Lists Open Today 
### 
Men who wish to ripply for spring
quarter housing in Toyon or Stern
must sign up on either the Village
off-campus or the eating club quota
this week.
Off-campus an<i Village men may
apply for rooms in either or both of
the hails in tlie ASSU office or the
Vi 1 1 age counselor's ofTice Wednes
day and Thursday. All lists made
previously have been destroyed, and
those who have applied before must
re-apply to be considered for spring
quarter placement.
A master list of those applying on
this quota will be made, with prior
ity based on the number of quarters
spent off-campus or in the Village.
A drawing will determine the plac
ing of men with equal standing.
Those qualifying for both halls w4ll
be placed in Stern, on the assump
tion that that would be their first
choice.
Eating club men may live only in
Toyon and must apply through In
ter-Club Council as soon as pos
sible. Those now living in Stern
may not eat with their club until
they have applied and moved to
Toyon, but must continue to cat in
the Stern dining hall.
Special cases (physically handi
capped) and veterans who attended
Stanford before 1945 will have first
priority for placement.
Men who were placed in Toyon
as freshmen on a temporary basis
will be allowed to stay there until
the end of spring quarter, at which
time they will have to apply on the
freshman quota or move. The fresh
man quota has been dropped for
spring quarter housing, leaving the
allotment of vacancies as 20 per cent
for eating club men and 80 per cent
for Village-ofT-campus applicants.
Men who wish to ripply for spring
quarter housing in Toyon or Stern
must sign up on either the Village
off-campus or the eating club quota
this week.
Off-campus an<i Village men may
apply for rooms in either or both of
the hails in tlie ASSU office or the
Vi 1 1 age counselor's ofTice Wednes
day and Thursday. All lists made
previously have been destroyed, and
those who have applied before must
re-apply to be considered for spring
quarter placement.
A master list of those applying on
this quota will be made, with prior
ity based on the number of quarters
spent off-campus or in the Village.
A drawing will determine the plac
ing of men with equal standing.
Those qualifying for both halls w4ll
be placed in Stern, on the assump
tion that that would be their first
choice.
Eating club men may live only in
Toyon and must apply through In
ter-Club Council as soon as pos
sible. Those now living in Stern
may not eat with their club until
they have applied and moved to
Toyon, but must continue to cat in
the Stern dining hall.
Special cases (physically handi
capped) and veterans who attended
Stanford before 1945 will have first
priority for placement.
Men who were placed in Toyon
as freshmen on a temporary basis
will be allowed to stay there until
the end of spring quarter, at which
time they will have to apply on the
freshman quota or move. The fresh
man quota has been dropped for
spring quarter housing, leaving the
allotment of vacancies as 20 per cent
for eating club men and 80 per cent
for Village-ofT-campus applicants.
Men who wish to ripply for spring
quarter housing in Toyon or Stern
must sign up on either the Village
off-campus or the eating club quota
this week.
Off-campus an<i Village men may
apply for rooms in either or both of
the hails in tlie ASSU office or the
Vi 1 1 age counselor's ofTice Wednes
day and Thursday. All lists made
previously have been destroyed, and
those who have applied before must
re-apply to be considered for spring
quarter placement.
A master list of those applying on
this quota will be made, with prior
ity based on the number of quarters
spent off-campus or in the Village.
A drawing will determine the plac
ing of men with equal standing.
Those qualifying for both halls w4ll
be placed in Stern, on the assump
tion that that would be their first
choice.
Eating club men may live only in
Toyon and must apply through In
ter-Club Council as soon as pos
sible. Those now living in Stern
may not eat with their club until
they have applied and moved to
Toyon, but must continue to cat in
the Stern dining hall.
Special cases (physically handi
capped) and veterans who attended
Stanford before 1945 will have first
priority for placement.
Men who were placed in Toyon
as freshmen on a temporary basis
will be allowed to stay there until
the end of spring quarter, at which
time they will have to apply on the
freshman quota or move. The fresh
man quota has been dropped for
spring quarter housing, leaving the
allotment of vacancies as 20 per cent
for eating club men and 80 per cent
for Village-ofT-campus applicants.
Men who wish to ripply for spring
quarter housing in Toyon or Stern
must sign up on either the Village
off-campus or the eating club quota
this week.
Off-campus an<i Village men may
apply for rooms in either or both of
the hails in tlie ASSU office or the
Vi 1 1 age counselor's ofTice Wednes
day and Thursday. All lists made
previously have been destroyed, and
those who have applied before must
re-apply to be considered for spring
quarter placement.
A master list of those applying on
this quota will be made, with prior
ity based on the number of quarters
spent off-campus or in the Village.
A drawing will determine the plac
ing of men with equal standing.
Those qualifying for both halls w4ll
be placed in Stern, on the assump
tion that that would be their first
choice.
Eating club men may live only in
Toyon and must apply through In
ter-Club Council as soon as pos
sible. Those now living in Stern
may not eat with their club until
they have applied and moved to
Toyon, but must continue to cat in
the Stern dining hall.
Special cases (physically handi
capped) and veterans who attended
Stanford before 1945 will have first
priority for placement.
Men who were placed in Toyon
as freshmen on a temporary basis
will be allowed to stay there until
the end of spring quarter, at which
time they will have to apply on the
freshman quota or move. The fresh
man quota has been dropped for
spring quarter housing, leaving the
allotment of vacancies as 20 per cent
for eating club men and 80 per cent
for Village-ofT-campus applicants.
Men who wish to ripply for spring
quarter housing in Toyon or Stern
must sign up on either the Village
off-campus or the eating club quota
this week.
Off-campus an<i Village men may
apply for rooms in either or both of
the hails in tlie ASSU office or the
Vi 1 1 age counselor's ofTice Wednes
day and Thursday. All lists made
previously have been destroyed, and
those who have applied before must
re-apply to be considered for spring
quarter placement.
A master list of those applying on
this quota will be made, with prior
ity based on the number of quarters
spent off-campus or in the Village.
A drawing will determine the plac
ing of men with equal standing.
Those qualifying for both halls w4ll
be placed in Stern, on the assump
tion that that would be their first
choice.
Eating club men may live only in
Toyon and must apply through In
ter-Club Council as soon as pos
sible. Those now living in Stern
may not eat with their club until
they have applied and moved to
Toyon, but must continue to cat in
the Stern dining hall.
Special cases (physically handi
capped) and veterans who attended
Stanford before 1945 will have first
priority for placement.
Men who were placed in Toyon
as freshmen on a temporary basis
will be allowed to stay there until
the end of spring quarter, at which
time they will have to apply on the
freshman quota or move. The fresh
man quota has been dropped for
spring quarter housing, leaving the
allotment of vacancies as 20 per cent
for eating club men and 80 per cent
for Village-ofT-campus applicants.
Men who wish to ripply for spring
quarter housing in Toyon or Stern
must sign up on either the Village
off-campus or the eating club quota
this week.
Off-campus an<i Village men may
apply for rooms in either or both of
the hails in tlie ASSU office or the
Vi 1 1 age counselor's ofTice Wednes
day and Thursday. All lists made
previously have been destroyed, and
those who have applied before must
re-apply to be considered for spring
quarter placement.
A master list of those applying on
this quota will be made, with prior
ity based on the number of quarters
spent off-campus or in the Village.
A drawing will determine the plac
ing of men with equal standing.
Those qualifying for both halls w4ll
be placed in Stern, on the assump
tion that that would be their first
choice.
Eating club men may live only in
Toyon and must apply through In
ter-Club Council as soon as pos
sible. Those now living in Stern
may not eat with their club until
they have applied and moved to
Toyon, but must continue to cat in
the Stern dining hall.
Special cases (physically handi
capped) and veterans who attended
Stanford before 1945 will have first
priority for placement.
Men who were placed in Toyon
as freshmen on a temporary basis
will be allowed to stay there until
the end of spring quarter, at which
time they will have to apply on the
freshman quota or move. The fresh
man quota has been dropped for
spring quarter housing, leaving the
allotment of vacancies as 20 per cent
for eating club men and 80 per cent
for Village-ofT-campus applicants.
Men who wish to ripply for spring
quarter housing in Toyon or Stern
must sign up on either the Village
off-campus or the eating club quota
this week.
Off-campus an<i Village men may
apply for rooms in either or both of
the hails in tlie ASSU office or the
Vi 1 1 age counselor's ofTice Wednes
day and Thursday. All lists made
previously have been destroyed, and
those who have applied before must
re-apply to be considered for spring
quarter placement.
A master list of those applying on
this quota will be made, with prior
ity based on the number of quarters
spent off-campus or in the Village.
A drawing will determine the plac
ing of men with equal standing.
Those qualifying for both halls w4ll
be placed in Stern, on the assump
tion that that would be their first
choice.
Eating club men may live only in
Toyon and must apply through In
ter-Club Council as soon as pos
sible. Those now living in Stern
may not eat with their club until
they have applied and moved to
Toyon, but must continue to cat in
the Stern dining hall.
Special cases (physically handi
capped) and veterans who attended
Stanford before 1945 will have first
priority for placement.
Men who were placed in Toyon
as freshmen on a temporary basis
will be allowed to stay there until
the end of spring quarter, at which
time they will have to apply on the
freshman quota or move. The fresh
man quota has been dropped for
spring quarter housing, leaving the
allotment of vacancies as 20 per cent
for eating club men and 80 per cent
for Village-ofT-campus applicants.
Men who wish to ripply for spring
quarter housing in Toyon or Stern
must sign up on either the Village
off-campus or the eating club quota
this week.
Off-campus an<i Village men may
apply for rooms in either or both of
the hails in tlie ASSU office or the
Vi 1 1 age counselor's ofTice Wednes
day and Thursday. All lists made
previously have been destroyed, and
those who have applied before must
re-apply to be considered for spring
quarter placement.
A master list of those applying on
this quota will be made, with prior
ity based on the number of quarters
spent off-campus or in the Village.
A drawing will determine the plac
ing of men with equal standing.
Those qualifying for both halls w4ll
be placed in Stern, on the assump
tion that that would be their first
choice.
Eating club men may live only in
Toyon and must apply through In
ter-Club Council as soon as pos
sible. Those now living in Stern
may not eat with their club until
they have applied and moved to
Toyon, but must continue to cat in
the Stern dining hall.
Special cases (physically handi
capped) and veterans who attended
Stanford before 1945 will have first
priority for placement.
Men who were placed in Toyon
as freshmen on a temporary basis
will be allowed to stay there until
the end of spring quarter, at which
time they will have to apply on the
freshman quota or move. The fresh
man quota has been dropped for
spring quarter housing, leaving the
allotment of vacancies as 20 per cent
for eating club men and 80 per cent
for Village-ofT-campus applicants.
Men who wish to ripply for spring
quarter housing in Toyon or Stern
must sign up on either the Village
off-campus or the eating club quota
this week.
Off-campus an<i Village men may
apply for rooms in either or both of
the hails in tlie ASSU office or the
Vi 1 1 age counselor's ofTice Wednes
day and Thursday. All lists made
previously have been destroyed, and
those who have applied before must
re-apply to be considered for spring
quarter placement.
A master list of those applying on
this quota will be made, with prior
ity based on the number of quarters
spent off-campus or in the Village.
A drawing will determine the plac
ing of men with equal standing.
Those qualifying for both halls w4ll
be placed in Stern, on the assump
tion that that would be their first
choice.
Eating club men may live only in
Toyon and must apply through In
ter-Club Council as soon as pos
sible. Those now living in Stern
may not eat with their club until
they have applied and moved to
Toyon, but must continue to cat in
the Stern dining hall.
Special cases (physically handi
capped) and veterans who attended
Stanford before 1945 will have first
priority for placement.
Men who were placed in Toyon
as freshmen on a temporary basis
will be allowed to stay there until
the end of spring quarter, at which
time they will have to apply on the
freshman quota or move. The fresh
man quota has been dropped for
spring quarter housing, leaving the
allotment of vacancies as 20 per cent
for eating club men and 80 per cent
for Village-ofT-campus applicants.
Men who wish to ripply for spring
quarter housing in Toyon or Stern
must sign up on either the Village
off-campus or the eating club quota
this week.
Off-campus an<i Village men may
apply for rooms in either or both of
the hails in tlie ASSU office or the
Vi 1 1 age counselor's ofTice Wednes
day and Thursday. All lists made
previously have been destroyed, and
those who have applied before must
re-apply to be considered for spring
quarter placement.
A master list of those applying on
this quota will be made, with prior
ity based on the number of quarters
spent off-campus or in the Village.
A drawing will determine the plac
ing of men with equal standing.
Those qualifying for both halls w4ll
be placed in Stern, on the assump
tion that that would be their first
choice.
Eating club men may live only in
Toyon and must apply through In
ter-Club Council as soon as pos
sible. Those now living in Stern
may not eat with their club until
they have applied and moved to
Toyon, but must continue to cat in
the Stern dining hall.
Special cases (physically handi
capped) and veterans who attended
Stanford before 1945 will have first
priority for placement.
Men who were placed in Toyon
as freshmen on a temporary basis
will be allowed to stay there until
the end of spring quarter, at which
time they will have to apply on the
freshman quota or move. The fresh
man quota has been dropped for
spring quarter housing, leaving the
allotment of vacancies as 20 per cent
for eating club men and 80 per cent
for Village-ofT-campus applicants.
Men who wish to ripply for spring
quarter housing in Toyon or Stern
must sign up on either the Village
off-campus or the eating club quota
this week.
Off-campus an<i Village men may
apply for rooms in either or both of
the hails in tlie ASSU office or the
Vi 1 1 age counselor's ofTice Wednes
day and Thursday. All lists made
previously have been destroyed, and
those who have applied before must
re-apply to be considered for spring
quarter placement.
A master list of those applying on
this quota will be made, with prior
ity based on the number of quarters
spent off-campus or in the Village.
A drawing will determine the plac
ing of men with equal standing.
Those qualifying for both halls w4ll
be placed in Stern, on the assump
tion that that would be their first
choice.
Eating club men may live only in
Toyon and must apply through In
ter-Club Council as soon as pos
sible. Those now living in Stern
may not eat with their club until
they have applied and moved to
Toyon, but must continue to cat in
the Stern dining hall.
Special cases (physically handi
capped) and veterans who attended
Stanford before 1945 will have first
priority for placement.
Men who were placed in Toyon
as freshmen on a temporary basis
will be allowed to stay there until
the end of spring quarter, at which
time they will have to apply on the
freshman quota or move. The fresh
man quota has been dropped for
spring quarter housing, leaving the
allotment of vacancies as 20 per cent
for eating club men and 80 per cent
for Village-ofT-campus applicants.
Men who wish to ripply for spring
quarter housing in Toyon or Stern
must sign up on either the Village
off-campus or the eating club quota
this week.
Off-campus an<i Village men may
apply for rooms in either or both of
the hails in tlie ASSU office or the
Vi 1 1 age counselor's ofTice Wednes
day and Thursday. All lists made
previously have been destroyed, and
those who have applied before must
re-apply to be considered for spring
quarter placement.
A master list of those applying on
this quota will be made, with prior
ity based on the number of quarters
spent off-campus or in the Village.
A drawing will determine the plac
ing of men with equal standing.
Those qualifying for both halls w4ll
be placed in Stern, on the assump
tion that that would be their first
choice.
Eating club men may live only in
Toyon and must apply through In
ter-Club Council as soon as pos
sible. Those now living in Stern
may not eat with their club until
they have applied and moved to
Toyon, but must continue to cat in
the Stern dining hall.
Special cases (physically handi
capped) and veterans who attended
Stanford before 1945 will have first
priority for placement.
Men who were placed in Toyon
as freshmen on a temporary basis
will be allowed to stay there until
the end of spring quarter, at which
time they will have to apply on the
freshman quota or move. The fresh
man quota has been dropped for
spring quarter housing, leaving the
allotment of vacancies as 20 per cent
for eating club men and 80 per cent
for Village-ofT-campus applicants.
Men who wish to ripply for spring
quarter housing in Toyon or Stern
must sign up on either the Village
off-campus or the eating club quota
this week.
Off-campus an<i Village men may
apply for rooms in either or both of
the hails in tlie ASSU office or the
Vi 1 1 age counselor's ofTice Wednes
day and Thursday. All lists made
previously have been destroyed, and
those who have applied before must
re-apply to be considered for spring
quarter placement.
A master list of those applying on
this quota will be made, with prior
ity based on the number of quarters
spent off-campus or in the Village.
A drawing will determine the plac
ing of men with equal standing.
Those qualifying for both halls w4ll
be placed in Stern, on the assump
tion that that would be their first
choice.
Eating club men may live only in
Toyon and must apply through In
ter-Club Council as soon as pos
sible. Those now living in Stern
may not eat with their club until
they have applied and moved to
Toyon, but must continue to cat in
the Stern dining hall.
Special cases (physically handi
capped) and veterans who attended
Stanford before 1945 will have first
priority for placement.
Men who were placed in Toyon
as freshmen on a temporary basis
will be allowed to stay there until
the end of spring quarter, at which
time they will have to apply on the
freshman quota or move. The fresh
man quota has been dropped for
spring quarter housing, leaving the
allotment of vacancies as 20 per cent
for eating club men and 80 per cent
for Village-ofT-campus applicants.
Men who wish to ripply for spring
quarter housing in Toyon or Stern
must sign up on either the Village
off-campus or the eating club quota
this week.
Off-campus an<i Village men may
apply for rooms in either or both of
the hails in tlie ASSU office or the
Vi 1 1 age counselor's ofTice Wednes
day and Thursday. All lists made
previously have been destroyed, and
those who have applied before must
re-apply to be considered for spring
quarter placement.
A master list of those applying on
this quota will be made, with prior
ity based on the number of quarters
spent off-campus or in the Village.
A drawing will determine the plac
ing of men with equal standing.
Those qualifying for both halls w4ll
be placed in Stern, on the assump
tion that that would be their first
choice.
Eating club men may live only in
Toyon and must apply through In
ter-Club Council as soon as pos
sible. Those now living in Stern
may not eat with their club until
they have applied and moved to
Toyon, but must continue to cat in
the Stern dining hall.
Special cases (physically handi
capped) and veterans who attended
Stanford before 1945 will have first
priority for placement.
Men who were placed in Toyon
as freshmen on a temporary basis
will be allowed to stay there until
the end of spring quarter, at which
time they will have to apply on the
freshman quota or move. The fresh
man quota has been dropped for
spring quarter housing, leaving the
allotment of vacancies as 20 per cent
for eating club men and 80 per cent
for Village-ofT-campus applicants.
