# PHI PSI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Bill Hurlbut, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Bill Hurlbut, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Bill Hurlbut, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Bill Hurlbut, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Bill Hurlbut, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Bill Hurlbut, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Bill Hurlbut, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Bill Hurlbut, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Bill Hurlbut, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Bill Hurlbut, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Bill Hurlbut, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Bill Hurlbut, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Bill Hurlbut, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Bill Hurlbut, '34.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Bill Hurlbut, '34.
