# MOORE IS SCHEDULED FOR MATH LECTURES
## 
### 
Dr. H. L. Moore of the University
of Texas, representative of the
American Mathematical Society, will
give a series of lectures here on
November 1(3. 17. and 18. The first
will be at 4 o'clock Monday in Room
72. The mathematics department
welcomes visitors to the lectures.
Professor W. A. Manning of the
Stanford Department of Mathematics
was recently made vice-president of
the American Mathematical Society.
Dr. H. L. Moore of the University
of Texas, representative of the
American Mathematical Society, will
give a series of lectures here on
November 1(3. 17. and 18. The first
will be at 4 o'clock Monday in Room
72. The mathematics department
welcomes visitors to the lectures.
Professor W. A. Manning of the
Stanford Department of Mathematics
was recently made vice-president of
the American Mathematical Society.
Dr. H. L. Moore of the University
of Texas, representative of the
American Mathematical Society, will
give a series of lectures here on
November 1(3. 17. and 18. The first
will be at 4 o'clock Monday in Room
72. The mathematics department
welcomes visitors to the lectures.
Professor W. A. Manning of the
Stanford Department of Mathematics
was recently made vice-president of
the American Mathematical Society.
Dr. H. L. Moore of the University
of Texas, representative of the
American Mathematical Society, will
give a series of lectures here on
November 1(3. 17. and 18. The first
will be at 4 o'clock Monday in Room
72. The mathematics department
welcomes visitors to the lectures.
Professor W. A. Manning of the
Stanford Department of Mathematics
was recently made vice-president of
the American Mathematical Society.
Dr. H. L. Moore of the University
of Texas, representative of the
American Mathematical Society, will
give a series of lectures here on
November 1(3. 17. and 18. The first
will be at 4 o'clock Monday in Room
72. The mathematics department
welcomes visitors to the lectures.
Professor W. A. Manning of the
Stanford Department of Mathematics
was recently made vice-president of
the American Mathematical Society.
Dr. H. L. Moore of the University
of Texas, representative of the
American Mathematical Society, will
give a series of lectures here on
November 1(3. 17. and 18. The first
will be at 4 o'clock Monday in Room
72. The mathematics department
welcomes visitors to the lectures.
Professor W. A. Manning of the
Stanford Department of Mathematics
was recently made vice-president of
the American Mathematical Society.
Dr. H. L. Moore of the University
of Texas, representative of the
American Mathematical Society, will
give a series of lectures here on
November 1(3. 17. and 18. The first
will be at 4 o'clock Monday in Room
72. The mathematics department
welcomes visitors to the lectures.
Professor W. A. Manning of the
Stanford Department of Mathematics
was recently made vice-president of
the American Mathematical Society.
Dr. H. L. Moore of the University
of Texas, representative of the
American Mathematical Society, will
give a series of lectures here on
November 1(3. 17. and 18. The first
will be at 4 o'clock Monday in Room
72. The mathematics department
welcomes visitors to the lectures.
Professor W. A. Manning of the
Stanford Department of Mathematics
was recently made vice-president of
the American Mathematical Society.
Dr. H. L. Moore of the University
of Texas, representative of the
American Mathematical Society, will
give a series of lectures here on
November 1(3. 17. and 18. The first
will be at 4 o'clock Monday in Room
72. The mathematics department
welcomes visitors to the lectures.
Professor W. A. Manning of the
Stanford Department of Mathematics
was recently made vice-president of
the American Mathematical Society.
Dr. H. L. Moore of the University
of Texas, representative of the
American Mathematical Society, will
give a series of lectures here on
November 1(3. 17. and 18. The first
will be at 4 o'clock Monday in Room
72. The mathematics department
welcomes visitors to the lectures.
Professor W. A. Manning of the
Stanford Department of Mathematics
was recently made vice-president of
the American Mathematical Society.
Dr. H. L. Moore of the University
of Texas, representative of the
American Mathematical Society, will
give a series of lectures here on
November 1(3. 17. and 18. The first
will be at 4 o'clock Monday in Room
72. The mathematics department
welcomes visitors to the lectures.
Professor W. A. Manning of the
Stanford Department of Mathematics
was recently made vice-president of
the American Mathematical Society.
Dr. H. L. Moore of the University
of Texas, representative of the
American Mathematical Society, will
give a series of lectures here on
November 1(3. 17. and 18. The first
will be at 4 o'clock Monday in Room
72. The mathematics department
welcomes visitors to the lectures.
Professor W. A. Manning of the
Stanford Department of Mathematics
was recently made vice-president of
the American Mathematical Society.
Dr. H. L. Moore of the University
of Texas, representative of the
American Mathematical Society, will
give a series of lectures here on
November 1(3. 17. and 18. The first
will be at 4 o'clock Monday in Room
72. The mathematics department
welcomes visitors to the lectures.
Professor W. A. Manning of the
Stanford Department of Mathematics
was recently made vice-president of
the American Mathematical Society.
Dr. H. L. Moore of the University
of Texas, representative of the
American Mathematical Society, will
give a series of lectures here on
November 1(3. 17. and 18. The first
will be at 4 o'clock Monday in Room
72. The mathematics department
welcomes visitors to the lectures.
Professor W. A. Manning of the
Stanford Department of Mathematics
was recently made vice-president of
the American Mathematical Society.
Dr. H. L. Moore of the University
of Texas, representative of the
American Mathematical Society, will
give a series of lectures here on
November 1(3. 17. and 18. The first
will be at 4 o'clock Monday in Room
72. The mathematics department
welcomes visitors to the lectures.
Professor W. A. Manning of the
Stanford Department of Mathematics
was recently made vice-president of
the American Mathematical Society.
