# DEAN YOST TO GIVE TEA THIS AFTERNOON
## 
### 
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to all campus women this
afternoon from 4 to G o'clock.
This will be the first of a series
of Wednesday afternoon teas which
Miss Yost will hold during the re
mainder of the quarter. She an
nounces that freshman women are
particularly invited. Kate Maus and
Anne Southard will assist today.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to all campus women this
afternoon from 4 to G o'clock.
This will be the first of a series
of Wednesday afternoon teas which
Miss Yost will hold during the re
mainder of the quarter. She an
nounces that freshman women are
particularly invited. Kate Maus and
Anne Southard will assist today.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to all campus women this
afternoon from 4 to G o'clock.
This will be the first of a series
of Wednesday afternoon teas which
Miss Yost will hold during the re
mainder of the quarter. She an
nounces that freshman women are
particularly invited. Kate Maus and
Anne Southard will assist today.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to all campus women this
afternoon from 4 to G o'clock.
This will be the first of a series
of Wednesday afternoon teas which
Miss Yost will hold during the re
mainder of the quarter. She an
nounces that freshman women are
particularly invited. Kate Maus and
Anne Southard will assist today.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to all campus women this
afternoon from 4 to G o'clock.
This will be the first of a series
of Wednesday afternoon teas which
Miss Yost will hold during the re
mainder of the quarter. She an
nounces that freshman women are
particularly invited. Kate Maus and
Anne Southard will assist today.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to all campus women this
afternoon from 4 to G o'clock.
This will be the first of a series
of Wednesday afternoon teas which
Miss Yost will hold during the re
mainder of the quarter. She an
nounces that freshman women are
particularly invited. Kate Maus and
Anne Southard will assist today.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to all campus women this
afternoon from 4 to G o'clock.
This will be the first of a series
of Wednesday afternoon teas which
Miss Yost will hold during the re
mainder of the quarter. She an
nounces that freshman women are
particularly invited. Kate Maus and
Anne Southard will assist today.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to all campus women this
afternoon from 4 to G o'clock.
This will be the first of a series
of Wednesday afternoon teas which
Miss Yost will hold during the re
mainder of the quarter. She an
nounces that freshman women are
particularly invited. Kate Maus and
Anne Southard will assist today.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to all campus women this
afternoon from 4 to G o'clock.
This will be the first of a series
of Wednesday afternoon teas which
Miss Yost will hold during the re
mainder of the quarter. She an
nounces that freshman women are
particularly invited. Kate Maus and
Anne Southard will assist today.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to all campus women this
afternoon from 4 to G o'clock.
This will be the first of a series
of Wednesday afternoon teas which
Miss Yost will hold during the re
mainder of the quarter. She an
nounces that freshman women are
particularly invited. Kate Maus and
Anne Southard will assist today.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to all campus women this
afternoon from 4 to G o'clock.
This will be the first of a series
of Wednesday afternoon teas which
Miss Yost will hold during the re
mainder of the quarter. She an
nounces that freshman women are
particularly invited. Kate Maus and
Anne Southard will assist today.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to all campus women this
afternoon from 4 to G o'clock.
This will be the first of a series
of Wednesday afternoon teas which
Miss Yost will hold during the re
mainder of the quarter. She an
nounces that freshman women are
particularly invited. Kate Maus and
Anne Southard will assist today.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to all campus women this
afternoon from 4 to G o'clock.
This will be the first of a series
of Wednesday afternoon teas which
Miss Yost will hold during the re
mainder of the quarter. She an
nounces that freshman women are
particularly invited. Kate Maus and
Anne Southard will assist today.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to all campus women this
afternoon from 4 to G o'clock.
This will be the first of a series
of Wednesday afternoon teas which
Miss Yost will hold during the re
mainder of the quarter. She an
nounces that freshman women are
particularly invited. Kate Maus and
Anne Southard will assist today.
Dean Mary Yost will be at home
informally to all campus women this
afternoon from 4 to G o'clock.
This will be the first of a series
of Wednesday afternoon teas which
Miss Yost will hold during the re
mainder of the quarter. She an
nounces that freshman women are
particularly invited. Kate Maus and
Anne Southard will assist today.
