# Reliance vs. California.
## 
### 
The last of the scheduled series
of games between Reliance and
California will take place at the
Eighth and Harrison street grounds
tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock.
The last of the scheduled series
of games between Reliance and
California will take place at the
Eighth and Harrison street grounds
tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock.
The last of the scheduled series
of games between Reliance and
California will take place at the
Eighth and Harrison street grounds
tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock.
The last of the scheduled series
of games between Reliance and
California will take place at the
Eighth and Harrison street grounds
tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock.
The last of the scheduled series
of games between Reliance and
California will take place at the
Eighth and Harrison street grounds
tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock.
