# Stanford Dames Will Meet Today
## 
### 
Stanford Dames will hold their
general meeting today at 7:45 p.m.
in the Women's Clubhouse. A mu
sical program and a reading will
compose the day's program, after
which there will be a business
meeting.
Stanford Dames will hold their
general meeting today at 7:45 p.m.
in the Women's Clubhouse. A mu
sical program and a reading will
compose the day's program, after
which there will be a business
meeting.
Stanford Dames will hold their
general meeting today at 7:45 p.m.
in the Women's Clubhouse. A mu
sical program and a reading will
compose the day's program, after
which there will be a business
meeting.
Stanford Dames will hold their
general meeting today at 7:45 p.m.
in the Women's Clubhouse. A mu
sical program and a reading will
compose the day's program, after
which there will be a business
meeting.
Stanford Dames will hold their
general meeting today at 7:45 p.m.
in the Women's Clubhouse. A mu
sical program and a reading will
compose the day's program, after
which there will be a business
meeting.
Stanford Dames will hold their
general meeting today at 7:45 p.m.
in the Women's Clubhouse. A mu
sical program and a reading will
compose the day's program, after
which there will be a business
meeting.
Stanford Dames will hold their
general meeting today at 7:45 p.m.
in the Women's Clubhouse. A mu
sical program and a reading will
compose the day's program, after
which there will be a business
meeting.
Stanford Dames will hold their
general meeting today at 7:45 p.m.
in the Women's Clubhouse. A mu
sical program and a reading will
compose the day's program, after
which there will be a business
meeting.
Stanford Dames will hold their
general meeting today at 7:45 p.m.
in the Women's Clubhouse. A mu
sical program and a reading will
compose the day's program, after
which there will be a business
meeting.
Stanford Dames will hold their
general meeting today at 7:45 p.m.
in the Women's Clubhouse. A mu
sical program and a reading will
compose the day's program, after
which there will be a business
meeting.
Stanford Dames will hold their
general meeting today at 7:45 p.m.
in the Women's Clubhouse. A mu
sical program and a reading will
compose the day's program, after
which there will be a business
meeting.
Stanford Dames will hold their
general meeting today at 7:45 p.m.
in the Women's Clubhouse. A mu
sical program and a reading will
compose the day's program, after
which there will be a business
meeting.
Stanford Dames will hold their
general meeting today at 7:45 p.m.
in the Women's Clubhouse. A mu
sical program and a reading will
compose the day's program, after
which there will be a business
meeting.
Stanford Dames will hold their
general meeting today at 7:45 p.m.
in the Women's Clubhouse. A mu
sical program and a reading will
compose the day's program, after
which there will be a business
meeting.
Stanford Dames will hold their
general meeting today at 7:45 p.m.
in the Women's Clubhouse. A mu
sical program and a reading will
compose the day's program, after
which there will be a business
meeting.
