# Reserve Officers Hear 2 Speakers
## 
### 
Palo Alto Chapter of the Reserve
Oflicers of the Naval Serviee (RO
NS) heard two speakers at a meet
ing last night at the Moflett Field
Officers' Club.
Draper Howard, national vice
president, and Frank B. Ingersoll,
president of the San Mateo chapter,
spoke to the group.
The following oflicers were elect
ed:
Dan C. Baker, president; Jack
Davis, vice - president; Ruth Gor
don, secretary; Mildred Worswock,
treasurer". '
Palo Alto Chapter of the Reserve
Oflicers of the Naval Serviee (RO
NS) heard two speakers at a meet
ing last night at the Moflett Field
Officers' Club.
Draper Howard, national vice
president, and Frank B. Ingersoll,
president of the San Mateo chapter,
spoke to the group.
The following oflicers were elect
ed:
Dan C. Baker, president; Jack
Davis, vice - president; Ruth Gor
don, secretary; Mildred Worswock,
treasurer". '
Palo Alto Chapter of the Reserve
Oflicers of the Naval Serviee (RO
NS) heard two speakers at a meet
ing last night at the Moflett Field
Officers' Club.
Draper Howard, national vice
president, and Frank B. Ingersoll,
president of the San Mateo chapter,
spoke to the group.
The following oflicers were elect
ed:
Dan C. Baker, president; Jack
Davis, vice - president; Ruth Gor
don, secretary; Mildred Worswock,
treasurer". '
Palo Alto Chapter of the Reserve
Oflicers of the Naval Serviee (RO
NS) heard two speakers at a meet
ing last night at the Moflett Field
Officers' Club.
Draper Howard, national vice
president, and Frank B. Ingersoll,
president of the San Mateo chapter,
spoke to the group.
The following oflicers were elect
ed:
Dan C. Baker, president; Jack
Davis, vice - president; Ruth Gor
don, secretary; Mildred Worswock,
treasurer". '
Palo Alto Chapter of the Reserve
Oflicers of the Naval Serviee (RO
NS) heard two speakers at a meet
ing last night at the Moflett Field
Officers' Club.
Draper Howard, national vice
president, and Frank B. Ingersoll,
president of the San Mateo chapter,
spoke to the group.
The following oflicers were elect
ed:
Dan C. Baker, president; Jack
Davis, vice - president; Ruth Gor
don, secretary; Mildred Worswock,
treasurer". '
Palo Alto Chapter of the Reserve
Oflicers of the Naval Serviee (RO
NS) heard two speakers at a meet
ing last night at the Moflett Field
Officers' Club.
Draper Howard, national vice
president, and Frank B. Ingersoll,
president of the San Mateo chapter,
spoke to the group.
The following oflicers were elect
ed:
Dan C. Baker, president; Jack
Davis, vice - president; Ruth Gor
don, secretary; Mildred Worswock,
treasurer". '
Palo Alto Chapter of the Reserve
Oflicers of the Naval Serviee (RO
NS) heard two speakers at a meet
ing last night at the Moflett Field
Officers' Club.
Draper Howard, national vice
president, and Frank B. Ingersoll,
president of the San Mateo chapter,
spoke to the group.
The following oflicers were elect
ed:
Dan C. Baker, president; Jack
Davis, vice - president; Ruth Gor
don, secretary; Mildred Worswock,
treasurer". '
Palo Alto Chapter of the Reserve
Oflicers of the Naval Serviee (RO
NS) heard two speakers at a meet
ing last night at the Moflett Field
Officers' Club.
Draper Howard, national vice
president, and Frank B. Ingersoll,
president of the San Mateo chapter,
spoke to the group.
The following oflicers were elect
ed:
Dan C. Baker, president; Jack
Davis, vice - president; Ruth Gor
don, secretary; Mildred Worswock,
treasurer". '
Palo Alto Chapter of the Reserve
Oflicers of the Naval Serviee (RO
NS) heard two speakers at a meet
ing last night at the Moflett Field
Officers' Club.
Draper Howard, national vice
president, and Frank B. Ingersoll,
president of the San Mateo chapter,
spoke to the group.
The following oflicers were elect
ed:
Dan C. Baker, president; Jack
Davis, vice - president; Ruth Gor
don, secretary; Mildred Worswock,
treasurer". '
Palo Alto Chapter of the Reserve
Oflicers of the Naval Serviee (RO
NS) heard two speakers at a meet
ing last night at the Moflett Field
Officers' Club.
Draper Howard, national vice
president, and Frank B. Ingersoll,
president of the San Mateo chapter,
spoke to the group.
The following oflicers were elect
ed:
Dan C. Baker, president; Jack
Davis, vice - president; Ruth Gor
don, secretary; Mildred Worswock,
treasurer". '
Palo Alto Chapter of the Reserve
Oflicers of the Naval Serviee (RO
NS) heard two speakers at a meet
ing last night at the Moflett Field
Officers' Club.
Draper Howard, national vice
president, and Frank B. Ingersoll,
president of the San Mateo chapter,
spoke to the group.
The following oflicers were elect
ed:
Dan C. Baker, president; Jack
Davis, vice - president; Ruth Gor
don, secretary; Mildred Worswock,
treasurer". '
Palo Alto Chapter of the Reserve
Oflicers of the Naval Serviee (RO
NS) heard two speakers at a meet
ing last night at the Moflett Field
Officers' Club.
Draper Howard, national vice
president, and Frank B. Ingersoll,
president of the San Mateo chapter,
spoke to the group.
The following oflicers were elect
ed:
Dan C. Baker, president; Jack
Davis, vice - president; Ruth Gor
don, secretary; Mildred Worswock,
treasurer". '
Palo Alto Chapter of the Reserve
Oflicers of the Naval Serviee (RO
NS) heard two speakers at a meet
ing last night at the Moflett Field
Officers' Club.
Draper Howard, national vice
president, and Frank B. Ingersoll,
president of the San Mateo chapter,
spoke to the group.
The following oflicers were elect
ed:
Dan C. Baker, president; Jack
Davis, vice - president; Ruth Gor
don, secretary; Mildred Worswock,
treasurer". '
Palo Alto Chapter of the Reserve
Oflicers of the Naval Serviee (RO
NS) heard two speakers at a meet
ing last night at the Moflett Field
Officers' Club.
Draper Howard, national vice
president, and Frank B. Ingersoll,
president of the San Mateo chapter,
spoke to the group.
The following oflicers were elect
ed:
Dan C. Baker, president; Jack
Davis, vice - president; Ruth Gor
don, secretary; Mildred Worswock,
treasurer". '
Palo Alto Chapter of the Reserve
Oflicers of the Naval Serviee (RO
NS) heard two speakers at a meet
ing last night at the Moflett Field
Officers' Club.
Draper Howard, national vice
president, and Frank B. Ingersoll,
president of the San Mateo chapter,
spoke to the group.
The following oflicers were elect
ed:
Dan C. Baker, president; Jack
Davis, vice - president; Ruth Gor
don, secretary; Mildred Worswock,
treasurer". '
