# Untitled Article
## 
### 

DICK FLATLAND, Indian
right-hander, has been tentativejy
tabbed to start this afternoon's
diamond contest against the in
vading San Francisco Junior Col
lege nine.

DICK FLATLAND, Indian
right-hander, has been tentativejy
tabbed to start this afternoon's
diamond contest against the in
vading San Francisco Junior Col
lege nine.

DICK FLATLAND, Indian
right-hander, has been tentativejy
tabbed to start this afternoon's
diamond contest against the in
vading San Francisco Junior Col
lege nine.

DICK FLATLAND, Indian
right-hander, has been tentativejy
tabbed to start this afternoon's
diamond contest against the in
vading San Francisco Junior Col
lege nine.

DICK FLATLAND, Indian
right-hander, has been tentativejy
tabbed to start this afternoon's
diamond contest against the in
vading San Francisco Junior Col
lege nine.

DICK FLATLAND, Indian
right-hander, has been tentativejy
tabbed to start this afternoon's
diamond contest against the in
vading San Francisco Junior Col
lege nine.

DICK FLATLAND, Indian
right-hander, has been tentativejy
tabbed to start this afternoon's
diamond contest against the in
vading San Francisco Junior Col
lege nine.

DICK FLATLAND, Indian
right-hander, has been tentativejy
tabbed to start this afternoon's
diamond contest against the in
vading San Francisco Junior Col
lege nine.

DICK FLATLAND, Indian
right-hander, has been tentativejy
tabbed to start this afternoon's
diamond contest against the in
vading San Francisco Junior Col
lege nine.

DICK FLATLAND, Indian
right-hander, has been tentativejy
tabbed to start this afternoon's
diamond contest against the in
vading San Francisco Junior Col
lege nine.

DICK FLATLAND, Indian
right-hander, has been tentativejy
tabbed to start this afternoon's
diamond contest against the in
vading San Francisco Junior Col
lege nine.

DICK FLATLAND, Indian
right-hander, has been tentativejy
tabbed to start this afternoon's
diamond contest against the in
vading San Francisco Junior Col
lege nine.

DICK FLATLAND, Indian
right-hander, has been tentativejy
tabbed to start this afternoon's
diamond contest against the in
vading San Francisco Junior Col
lege nine.

DICK FLATLAND, Indian
right-hander, has been tentativejy
tabbed to start this afternoon's
diamond contest against the in
vading San Francisco Junior Col
lege nine.

DICK FLATLAND, Indian
right-hander, has been tentativejy
tabbed to start this afternoon's
diamond contest against the in
vading San Francisco Junior Col
lege nine.
