# Bund Head Seeks U.S. Citizenship
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, April 29 (UP).-
Three judges of the U. S. Circuit
Court of Appeal late today took
under advisement a plea of Herman
Max Schwinn, West Coast repre
sentative of the German-American
Bund, to be reinstated as an Ameri
can citizen.
Schwinn, slender, mustached lieu
tenant of Bund Leader Fritz Kuhn,
petitioned to have a decision of the
Federal District Court reversed. His
citizenship was revoked by Judge
Ralph Jenney after a showing that
the German-born immigrant had
not resided in the United States
continuously for live years as he
claimed.
John F. Sheffield, Schwinn's attor
ney, told Judges Curtis D, Wilbur,
Albert Lee Stephens, and Clifton
Mathews that fraudulent represen
tations of Schwinn were "inadver
tent and not intentional."
