# Dr. Brandt to Talk At Luncheon Club
## 
### 
"How Isolation Leads to War" will
be discussed tomorrow at Luncheon
Club by Dr. Karl Brandt, economist
and prolessor of agricultural eco
nomics of the Food Research Insti
tute.
Buffet luncheon is served at 12
o'clock in the Nitery for 25 cents.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is fac
ulty adviser for the group.
"How Isolation Leads to War" will
be discussed tomorrow at Luncheon
Club by Dr. Karl Brandt, economist
and prolessor of agricultural eco
nomics of the Food Research Insti
tute.
Buffet luncheon is served at 12
o'clock in the Nitery for 25 cents.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is fac
ulty adviser for the group.
"How Isolation Leads to War" will
be discussed tomorrow at Luncheon
Club by Dr. Karl Brandt, economist
and prolessor of agricultural eco
nomics of the Food Research Insti
tute.
Buffet luncheon is served at 12
o'clock in the Nitery for 25 cents.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is fac
ulty adviser for the group.
"How Isolation Leads to War" will
be discussed tomorrow at Luncheon
Club by Dr. Karl Brandt, economist
and prolessor of agricultural eco
nomics of the Food Research Insti
tute.
Buffet luncheon is served at 12
o'clock in the Nitery for 25 cents.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is fac
ulty adviser for the group.
"How Isolation Leads to War" will
be discussed tomorrow at Luncheon
Club by Dr. Karl Brandt, economist
and prolessor of agricultural eco
nomics of the Food Research Insti
tute.
Buffet luncheon is served at 12
o'clock in the Nitery for 25 cents.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is fac
ulty adviser for the group.
"How Isolation Leads to War" will
be discussed tomorrow at Luncheon
Club by Dr. Karl Brandt, economist
and prolessor of agricultural eco
nomics of the Food Research Insti
tute.
Buffet luncheon is served at 12
o'clock in the Nitery for 25 cents.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is fac
ulty adviser for the group.
"How Isolation Leads to War" will
be discussed tomorrow at Luncheon
Club by Dr. Karl Brandt, economist
and prolessor of agricultural eco
nomics of the Food Research Insti
tute.
Buffet luncheon is served at 12
o'clock in the Nitery for 25 cents.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is fac
ulty adviser for the group.
"How Isolation Leads to War" will
be discussed tomorrow at Luncheon
Club by Dr. Karl Brandt, economist
and prolessor of agricultural eco
nomics of the Food Research Insti
tute.
Buffet luncheon is served at 12
o'clock in the Nitery for 25 cents.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is fac
ulty adviser for the group.
"How Isolation Leads to War" will
be discussed tomorrow at Luncheon
Club by Dr. Karl Brandt, economist
and prolessor of agricultural eco
nomics of the Food Research Insti
tute.
Buffet luncheon is served at 12
o'clock in the Nitery for 25 cents.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is fac
ulty adviser for the group.
"How Isolation Leads to War" will
be discussed tomorrow at Luncheon
Club by Dr. Karl Brandt, economist
and prolessor of agricultural eco
nomics of the Food Research Insti
tute.
Buffet luncheon is served at 12
o'clock in the Nitery for 25 cents.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is fac
ulty adviser for the group.
"How Isolation Leads to War" will
be discussed tomorrow at Luncheon
Club by Dr. Karl Brandt, economist
and prolessor of agricultural eco
nomics of the Food Research Insti
tute.
Buffet luncheon is served at 12
o'clock in the Nitery for 25 cents.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is fac
ulty adviser for the group.
"How Isolation Leads to War" will
be discussed tomorrow at Luncheon
Club by Dr. Karl Brandt, economist
and prolessor of agricultural eco
nomics of the Food Research Insti
tute.
Buffet luncheon is served at 12
o'clock in the Nitery for 25 cents.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is fac
ulty adviser for the group.
"How Isolation Leads to War" will
be discussed tomorrow at Luncheon
Club by Dr. Karl Brandt, economist
and prolessor of agricultural eco
nomics of the Food Research Insti
tute.
Buffet luncheon is served at 12
o'clock in the Nitery for 25 cents.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is fac
ulty adviser for the group.
"How Isolation Leads to War" will
be discussed tomorrow at Luncheon
Club by Dr. Karl Brandt, economist
and prolessor of agricultural eco
nomics of the Food Research Insti
tute.
Buffet luncheon is served at 12
o'clock in the Nitery for 25 cents.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is fac
ulty adviser for the group.
"How Isolation Leads to War" will
be discussed tomorrow at Luncheon
Club by Dr. Karl Brandt, economist
and prolessor of agricultural eco
nomics of the Food Research Insti
tute.
Buffet luncheon is served at 12
o'clock in the Nitery for 25 cents.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is fac
ulty adviser for the group.
"How Isolation Leads to War" will
be discussed tomorrow at Luncheon
Club by Dr. Karl Brandt, economist
and prolessor of agricultural eco
nomics of the Food Research Insti
tute.
Buffet luncheon is served at 12
o'clock in the Nitery for 25 cents.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is fac
ulty adviser for the group.
"How Isolation Leads to War" will
be discussed tomorrow at Luncheon
Club by Dr. Karl Brandt, economist
and prolessor of agricultural eco
nomics of the Food Research Insti
tute.
Buffet luncheon is served at 12
o'clock in the Nitery for 25 cents.
Anyone interested is invited to at
tend. Dr. D. Elton Trueblood is fac
ulty adviser for the group.
