# CARD TENNIS STAR DEFEATED SUNDAY
## 
### 
Keith Gledhill, Stanford tennis star,
was defeated in the final round of the
golden jubilee national clay courts
singles championships held at St. Louis
Sunday by Ellsworth Vines. The cham
seored a surprisingly easy victory, win
ning in straight sets, 6-3, 6-3, 6-3.
Gledhill and Vines paired together to
win their way into the finals of the
doubles championships of the same
tournament.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford tennis star,
was defeated in the final round of the
golden jubilee national clay courts
singles championships held at St. Louis
Sunday by Ellsworth Vines. The cham
seored a surprisingly easy victory, win
ning in straight sets, 6-3, 6-3, 6-3.
Gledhill and Vines paired together to
win their way into the finals of the
doubles championships of the same
tournament.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford tennis star,
was defeated in the final round of the
golden jubilee national clay courts
singles championships held at St. Louis
Sunday by Ellsworth Vines. The cham
seored a surprisingly easy victory, win
ning in straight sets, 6-3, 6-3, 6-3.
Gledhill and Vines paired together to
win their way into the finals of the
doubles championships of the same
tournament.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford tennis star,
was defeated in the final round of the
golden jubilee national clay courts
singles championships held at St. Louis
Sunday by Ellsworth Vines. The cham
seored a surprisingly easy victory, win
ning in straight sets, 6-3, 6-3, 6-3.
Gledhill and Vines paired together to
win their way into the finals of the
doubles championships of the same
tournament.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford tennis star,
was defeated in the final round of the
golden jubilee national clay courts
singles championships held at St. Louis
Sunday by Ellsworth Vines. The cham
seored a surprisingly easy victory, win
ning in straight sets, 6-3, 6-3, 6-3.
Gledhill and Vines paired together to
win their way into the finals of the
doubles championships of the same
tournament.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford tennis star,
was defeated in the final round of the
golden jubilee national clay courts
singles championships held at St. Louis
Sunday by Ellsworth Vines. The cham
seored a surprisingly easy victory, win
ning in straight sets, 6-3, 6-3, 6-3.
Gledhill and Vines paired together to
win their way into the finals of the
doubles championships of the same
tournament.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford tennis star,
was defeated in the final round of the
golden jubilee national clay courts
singles championships held at St. Louis
Sunday by Ellsworth Vines. The cham
seored a surprisingly easy victory, win
ning in straight sets, 6-3, 6-3, 6-3.
Gledhill and Vines paired together to
win their way into the finals of the
doubles championships of the same
tournament.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford tennis star,
was defeated in the final round of the
golden jubilee national clay courts
singles championships held at St. Louis
Sunday by Ellsworth Vines. The cham
seored a surprisingly easy victory, win
ning in straight sets, 6-3, 6-3, 6-3.
Gledhill and Vines paired together to
win their way into the finals of the
doubles championships of the same
tournament.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford tennis star,
was defeated in the final round of the
golden jubilee national clay courts
singles championships held at St. Louis
Sunday by Ellsworth Vines. The cham
seored a surprisingly easy victory, win
ning in straight sets, 6-3, 6-3, 6-3.
Gledhill and Vines paired together to
win their way into the finals of the
doubles championships of the same
tournament.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford tennis star,
was defeated in the final round of the
golden jubilee national clay courts
singles championships held at St. Louis
Sunday by Ellsworth Vines. The cham
seored a surprisingly easy victory, win
ning in straight sets, 6-3, 6-3, 6-3.
Gledhill and Vines paired together to
win their way into the finals of the
doubles championships of the same
tournament.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford tennis star,
was defeated in the final round of the
golden jubilee national clay courts
singles championships held at St. Louis
Sunday by Ellsworth Vines. The cham
seored a surprisingly easy victory, win
ning in straight sets, 6-3, 6-3, 6-3.
Gledhill and Vines paired together to
win their way into the finals of the
doubles championships of the same
tournament.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford tennis star,
was defeated in the final round of the
golden jubilee national clay courts
singles championships held at St. Louis
Sunday by Ellsworth Vines. The cham
seored a surprisingly easy victory, win
ning in straight sets, 6-3, 6-3, 6-3.
Gledhill and Vines paired together to
win their way into the finals of the
doubles championships of the same
tournament.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford tennis star,
was defeated in the final round of the
golden jubilee national clay courts
singles championships held at St. Louis
Sunday by Ellsworth Vines. The cham
seored a surprisingly easy victory, win
ning in straight sets, 6-3, 6-3, 6-3.
Gledhill and Vines paired together to
win their way into the finals of the
doubles championships of the same
tournament.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford tennis star,
was defeated in the final round of the
golden jubilee national clay courts
singles championships held at St. Louis
Sunday by Ellsworth Vines. The cham
seored a surprisingly easy victory, win
ning in straight sets, 6-3, 6-3, 6-3.
Gledhill and Vines paired together to
win their way into the finals of the
doubles championships of the same
tournament.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford tennis star,
was defeated in the final round of the
golden jubilee national clay courts
singles championships held at St. Louis
Sunday by Ellsworth Vines. The cham
seored a surprisingly easy victory, win
ning in straight sets, 6-3, 6-3, 6-3.
Gledhill and Vines paired together to
win their way into the finals of the
doubles championships of the same
tournament.
