# DAMES SEW TOMORROW
## 
### 
The Stanford Dames will hold a sow
ing group at the home of Mrs. J. J?.
Sears, 1120 Parkinson avenue, Palo
Alto, at 2:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. As part of the program, Mrs.
Sears will give a group of solos. All
wives of students and faculty mem
bers are invited.
The Stanford Dames will hold a sow
ing group at the home of Mrs. J. J?.
Sears, 1120 Parkinson avenue, Palo
Alto, at 2:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. As part of the program, Mrs.
Sears will give a group of solos. All
wives of students and faculty mem
bers are invited.
The Stanford Dames will hold a sow
ing group at the home of Mrs. J. J?.
Sears, 1120 Parkinson avenue, Palo
Alto, at 2:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. As part of the program, Mrs.
Sears will give a group of solos. All
wives of students and faculty mem
bers are invited.
The Stanford Dames will hold a sow
ing group at the home of Mrs. J. J?.
Sears, 1120 Parkinson avenue, Palo
Alto, at 2:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. As part of the program, Mrs.
Sears will give a group of solos. All
wives of students and faculty mem
bers are invited.
The Stanford Dames will hold a sow
ing group at the home of Mrs. J. J?.
Sears, 1120 Parkinson avenue, Palo
Alto, at 2:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. As part of the program, Mrs.
Sears will give a group of solos. All
wives of students and faculty mem
bers are invited.
The Stanford Dames will hold a sow
ing group at the home of Mrs. J. J?.
Sears, 1120 Parkinson avenue, Palo
Alto, at 2:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. As part of the program, Mrs.
Sears will give a group of solos. All
wives of students and faculty mem
bers are invited.
The Stanford Dames will hold a sow
ing group at the home of Mrs. J. J?.
Sears, 1120 Parkinson avenue, Palo
Alto, at 2:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. As part of the program, Mrs.
Sears will give a group of solos. All
wives of students and faculty mem
bers are invited.
The Stanford Dames will hold a sow
ing group at the home of Mrs. J. J?.
Sears, 1120 Parkinson avenue, Palo
Alto, at 2:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. As part of the program, Mrs.
Sears will give a group of solos. All
wives of students and faculty mem
bers are invited.
The Stanford Dames will hold a sow
ing group at the home of Mrs. J. J?.
Sears, 1120 Parkinson avenue, Palo
Alto, at 2:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. As part of the program, Mrs.
Sears will give a group of solos. All
wives of students and faculty mem
bers are invited.
The Stanford Dames will hold a sow
ing group at the home of Mrs. J. J?.
Sears, 1120 Parkinson avenue, Palo
Alto, at 2:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. As part of the program, Mrs.
Sears will give a group of solos. All
wives of students and faculty mem
bers are invited.
The Stanford Dames will hold a sow
ing group at the home of Mrs. J. J?.
Sears, 1120 Parkinson avenue, Palo
Alto, at 2:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. As part of the program, Mrs.
Sears will give a group of solos. All
wives of students and faculty mem
bers are invited.
The Stanford Dames will hold a sow
ing group at the home of Mrs. J. J?.
Sears, 1120 Parkinson avenue, Palo
Alto, at 2:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. As part of the program, Mrs.
Sears will give a group of solos. All
wives of students and faculty mem
bers are invited.
The Stanford Dames will hold a sow
ing group at the home of Mrs. J. J?.
Sears, 1120 Parkinson avenue, Palo
Alto, at 2:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. As part of the program, Mrs.
Sears will give a group of solos. All
wives of students and faculty mem
bers are invited.
The Stanford Dames will hold a sow
ing group at the home of Mrs. J. J?.
Sears, 1120 Parkinson avenue, Palo
Alto, at 2:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. As part of the program, Mrs.
Sears will give a group of solos. All
wives of students and faculty mem
bers are invited.
The Stanford Dames will hold a sow
ing group at the home of Mrs. J. J?.
Sears, 1120 Parkinson avenue, Palo
Alto, at 2:30 o'clock tomorrow after
noon. As part of the program, Mrs.
Sears will give a group of solos. All
wives of students and faculty mem
bers are invited.
