# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Poos Knows the Campus
a
certainly
You should see these
gray spring
FLANNELS
AT
$5.95
m
• lie OA 1&T06
ENCINA SHOP
Poos Knows the Campus
a
certainly
You should see these
gray spring
FLANNELS
AT
$5.95
m
• lie OA 1&T06
ENCINA SHOP
Poos Knows the Campus
a
certainly
You should see these
gray spring
FLANNELS
AT
$5.95
m
• lie OA 1&T06
ENCINA SHOP
Poos Knows the Campus
a
certainly
You should see these
gray spring
FLANNELS
AT
$5.95
m
• lie OA 1&T06
ENCINA SHOP
Poos Knows the Campus
a
certainly
You should see these
gray spring
FLANNELS
AT
$5.95
m
• lie OA 1&T06
ENCINA SHOP
Poos Knows the Campus
a
certainly
You should see these
gray spring
FLANNELS
AT
$5.95
m
• lie OA 1&T06
ENCINA SHOP
Poos Knows the Campus
a
certainly
You should see these
gray spring
FLANNELS
AT
$5.95
m
• lie OA 1&T06
ENCINA SHOP
Poos Knows the Campus
a
certainly
You should see these
gray spring
FLANNELS
AT
$5.95
m
• lie OA 1&T06
ENCINA SHOP
Poos Knows the Campus
a
certainly
You should see these
gray spring
FLANNELS
AT
$5.95
m
• lie OA 1&T06
ENCINA SHOP
Poos Knows the Campus
a
certainly
You should see these
gray spring
FLANNELS
AT
$5.95
m
• lie OA 1&T06
ENCINA SHOP
Poos Knows the Campus
a
certainly
You should see these
gray spring
FLANNELS
AT
$5.95
m
• lie OA 1&T06
ENCINA SHOP
Poos Knows the Campus
a
certainly
You should see these
gray spring
FLANNELS
AT
$5.95
m
• lie OA 1&T06
ENCINA SHOP
Poos Knows the Campus
a
certainly
You should see these
gray spring
FLANNELS
AT
$5.95
m
• lie OA 1&T06
ENCINA SHOP
Poos Knows the Campus
a
certainly
You should see these
gray spring
FLANNELS
AT
$5.95
m
• lie OA 1&T06
ENCINA SHOP
Poos Knows the Campus
a
certainly
You should see these
gray spring
FLANNELS
AT
$5.95
m
• lie OA 1&T06
ENCINA SHOP
