# Swift Sleuthing
## 
### 
Still batting 1,000 since passage of
Lindbergh kidnaping law, U.S. De
partment of Justice sleuth swopped
down on an out-of-the-way flat in
Baltimore, Maryland, collared mail
robber Costncr, slick kidnaper
Banghart. Former is wanted for
shooting way out of $105,000 mail
hold-p..,' latter is one of "Jake the
Barber" Factor's abductors, U.S.
public enemy No. .1.
Still batting 1,000 since passage of
Lindbergh kidnaping law, U.S. De
partment of Justice sleuth swopped
down on an out-of-the-way flat in
Baltimore, Maryland, collared mail
robber Costncr, slick kidnaper
Banghart. Former is wanted for
shooting way out of $105,000 mail
hold-p..,' latter is one of "Jake the
Barber" Factor's abductors, U.S.
public enemy No. .1.
Still batting 1,000 since passage of
Lindbergh kidnaping law, U.S. De
partment of Justice sleuth swopped
down on an out-of-the-way flat in
Baltimore, Maryland, collared mail
robber Costncr, slick kidnaper
Banghart. Former is wanted for
shooting way out of $105,000 mail
hold-p..,' latter is one of "Jake the
Barber" Factor's abductors, U.S.
public enemy No. .1.
Still batting 1,000 since passage of
Lindbergh kidnaping law, U.S. De
partment of Justice sleuth swopped
down on an out-of-the-way flat in
Baltimore, Maryland, collared mail
robber Costncr, slick kidnaper
Banghart. Former is wanted for
shooting way out of $105,000 mail
hold-p..,' latter is one of "Jake the
Barber" Factor's abductors, U.S.
public enemy No. .1.
Still batting 1,000 since passage of
Lindbergh kidnaping law, U.S. De
partment of Justice sleuth swopped
down on an out-of-the-way flat in
Baltimore, Maryland, collared mail
robber Costncr, slick kidnaper
Banghart. Former is wanted for
shooting way out of $105,000 mail
hold-p..,' latter is one of "Jake the
Barber" Factor's abductors, U.S.
public enemy No. .1.
Still batting 1,000 since passage of
Lindbergh kidnaping law, U.S. De
partment of Justice sleuth swopped
down on an out-of-the-way flat in
Baltimore, Maryland, collared mail
robber Costncr, slick kidnaper
Banghart. Former is wanted for
shooting way out of $105,000 mail
hold-p..,' latter is one of "Jake the
Barber" Factor's abductors, U.S.
public enemy No. .1.
Still batting 1,000 since passage of
Lindbergh kidnaping law, U.S. De
partment of Justice sleuth swopped
down on an out-of-the-way flat in
Baltimore, Maryland, collared mail
robber Costncr, slick kidnaper
Banghart. Former is wanted for
shooting way out of $105,000 mail
hold-p..,' latter is one of "Jake the
Barber" Factor's abductors, U.S.
public enemy No. .1.
Still batting 1,000 since passage of
Lindbergh kidnaping law, U.S. De
partment of Justice sleuth swopped
down on an out-of-the-way flat in
Baltimore, Maryland, collared mail
robber Costncr, slick kidnaper
Banghart. Former is wanted for
shooting way out of $105,000 mail
hold-p..,' latter is one of "Jake the
Barber" Factor's abductors, U.S.
public enemy No. .1.
Still batting 1,000 since passage of
Lindbergh kidnaping law, U.S. De
partment of Justice sleuth swopped
down on an out-of-the-way flat in
Baltimore, Maryland, collared mail
robber Costncr, slick kidnaper
Banghart. Former is wanted for
shooting way out of $105,000 mail
hold-p..,' latter is one of "Jake the
Barber" Factor's abductors, U.S.
public enemy No. .1.
Still batting 1,000 since passage of
Lindbergh kidnaping law, U.S. De
partment of Justice sleuth swopped
down on an out-of-the-way flat in
Baltimore, Maryland, collared mail
robber Costncr, slick kidnaper
Banghart. Former is wanted for
shooting way out of $105,000 mail
hold-p..,' latter is one of "Jake the
Barber" Factor's abductors, U.S.
public enemy No. .1.
Still batting 1,000 since passage of
Lindbergh kidnaping law, U.S. De
partment of Justice sleuth swopped
down on an out-of-the-way flat in
Baltimore, Maryland, collared mail
robber Costncr, slick kidnaper
Banghart. Former is wanted for
shooting way out of $105,000 mail
hold-p..,' latter is one of "Jake the
Barber" Factor's abductors, U.S.
public enemy No. .1.
Still batting 1,000 since passage of
Lindbergh kidnaping law, U.S. De
partment of Justice sleuth swopped
down on an out-of-the-way flat in
Baltimore, Maryland, collared mail
robber Costncr, slick kidnaper
Banghart. Former is wanted for
shooting way out of $105,000 mail
hold-p..,' latter is one of "Jake the
Barber" Factor's abductors, U.S.
public enemy No. .1.
Still batting 1,000 since passage of
Lindbergh kidnaping law, U.S. De
partment of Justice sleuth swopped
down on an out-of-the-way flat in
Baltimore, Maryland, collared mail
robber Costncr, slick kidnaper
Banghart. Former is wanted for
shooting way out of $105,000 mail
hold-p..,' latter is one of "Jake the
Barber" Factor's abductors, U.S.
public enemy No. .1.
Still batting 1,000 since passage of
Lindbergh kidnaping law, U.S. De
partment of Justice sleuth swopped
down on an out-of-the-way flat in
Baltimore, Maryland, collared mail
robber Costncr, slick kidnaper
Banghart. Former is wanted for
shooting way out of $105,000 mail
hold-p..,' latter is one of "Jake the
Barber" Factor's abductors, U.S.
public enemy No. .1.
Still batting 1,000 since passage of
Lindbergh kidnaping law, U.S. De
partment of Justice sleuth swopped
down on an out-of-the-way flat in
Baltimore, Maryland, collared mail
robber Costncr, slick kidnaper
Banghart. Former is wanted for
shooting way out of $105,000 mail
hold-p..,' latter is one of "Jake the
Barber" Factor's abductors, U.S.
public enemy No. .1.
