# Reds in Readiness
## 
### 
Most military experts'agree that
Russo-Japanese war is a certainty;
they differ only on the time when
both sides will let fly. Belligerent
speeches by Soviet. Jap higher-ups
given last week for foreign as well
as home consumption gave the war
talk another boost.
Yesterday in Moscow, bristling
ex-kaiser'.s boy Red Far-Eastern
General Bluecher told all-union
Congress his army could "crack
foundation of Nipponese capitalism
in case of war." Pointing a stubby
accusing finger at Japan's feverish
preparations in Manchukuo, the Red
war leader cited: 600 miles of mili
tary railways and highways, 50 air
dromes, 500 airplanes, 130,000 Jap i
soldiers. '
But leader Bluecher hastened to j
add that Russia had not been out- |
done, could match Japan's forces, j
had fortified Siberian frontiers so j
that "imperialist heads would be 1
broken against them."
Most military experts'agree that
Russo-Japanese war is a certainty;
they differ only on the time when
both sides will let fly. Belligerent
speeches by Soviet. Jap higher-ups
given last week for foreign as well
as home consumption gave the war
talk another boost.
Yesterday in Moscow, bristling
ex-kaiser'.s boy Red Far-Eastern
General Bluecher told all-union
Congress his army could "crack
foundation of Nipponese capitalism
in case of war." Pointing a stubby
accusing finger at Japan's feverish
preparations in Manchukuo, the Red
war leader cited: 600 miles of mili
tary railways and highways, 50 air
dromes, 500 airplanes, 130,000 Jap i
soldiers. '
But leader Bluecher hastened to j
add that Russia had not been out- |
done, could match Japan's forces, j
had fortified Siberian frontiers so j
that "imperialist heads would be 1
broken against them."
Most military experts'agree that
Russo-Japanese war is a certainty;
they differ only on the time when
both sides will let fly. Belligerent
speeches by Soviet. Jap higher-ups
given last week for foreign as well
as home consumption gave the war
talk another boost.
Yesterday in Moscow, bristling
ex-kaiser'.s boy Red Far-Eastern
General Bluecher told all-union
Congress his army could "crack
foundation of Nipponese capitalism
in case of war." Pointing a stubby
accusing finger at Japan's feverish
preparations in Manchukuo, the Red
war leader cited: 600 miles of mili
tary railways and highways, 50 air
dromes, 500 airplanes, 130,000 Jap i
soldiers. '
But leader Bluecher hastened to j
add that Russia had not been out- |
done, could match Japan's forces, j
had fortified Siberian frontiers so j
that "imperialist heads would be 1
broken against them."
Most military experts'agree that
Russo-Japanese war is a certainty;
they differ only on the time when
both sides will let fly. Belligerent
speeches by Soviet. Jap higher-ups
given last week for foreign as well
as home consumption gave the war
talk another boost.
Yesterday in Moscow, bristling
ex-kaiser'.s boy Red Far-Eastern
General Bluecher told all-union
Congress his army could "crack
foundation of Nipponese capitalism
in case of war." Pointing a stubby
accusing finger at Japan's feverish
preparations in Manchukuo, the Red
war leader cited: 600 miles of mili
tary railways and highways, 50 air
dromes, 500 airplanes, 130,000 Jap i
soldiers. '
But leader Bluecher hastened to j
add that Russia had not been out- |
done, could match Japan's forces, j
had fortified Siberian frontiers so j
that "imperialist heads would be 1
broken against them."
Most military experts'agree that
Russo-Japanese war is a certainty;
they differ only on the time when
both sides will let fly. Belligerent
speeches by Soviet. Jap higher-ups
given last week for foreign as well
as home consumption gave the war
talk another boost.
Yesterday in Moscow, bristling
ex-kaiser'.s boy Red Far-Eastern
General Bluecher told all-union
Congress his army could "crack
foundation of Nipponese capitalism
in case of war." Pointing a stubby
accusing finger at Japan's feverish
preparations in Manchukuo, the Red
war leader cited: 600 miles of mili
tary railways and highways, 50 air
dromes, 500 airplanes, 130,000 Jap i
soldiers. '
But leader Bluecher hastened to j
add that Russia had not been out- |
done, could match Japan's forces, j
had fortified Siberian frontiers so j
that "imperialist heads would be 1
broken against them."
Most military experts'agree that
Russo-Japanese war is a certainty;
they differ only on the time when
both sides will let fly. Belligerent
speeches by Soviet. Jap higher-ups
given last week for foreign as well
as home consumption gave the war
talk another boost.
Yesterday in Moscow, bristling
ex-kaiser'.s boy Red Far-Eastern
General Bluecher told all-union
Congress his army could "crack
foundation of Nipponese capitalism
in case of war." Pointing a stubby
accusing finger at Japan's feverish
preparations in Manchukuo, the Red
war leader cited: 600 miles of mili
tary railways and highways, 50 air
dromes, 500 airplanes, 130,000 Jap i
soldiers. '
But leader Bluecher hastened to j
add that Russia had not been out- |
done, could match Japan's forces, j
had fortified Siberian frontiers so j
that "imperialist heads would be 1
broken against them."
Most military experts'agree that
Russo-Japanese war is a certainty;
they differ only on the time when
both sides will let fly. Belligerent
speeches by Soviet. Jap higher-ups
given last week for foreign as well
as home consumption gave the war
talk another boost.
Yesterday in Moscow, bristling
ex-kaiser'.s boy Red Far-Eastern
General Bluecher told all-union
Congress his army could "crack
foundation of Nipponese capitalism
in case of war." Pointing a stubby
accusing finger at Japan's feverish
preparations in Manchukuo, the Red
war leader cited: 600 miles of mili
tary railways and highways, 50 air
dromes, 500 airplanes, 130,000 Jap i
soldiers. '
But leader Bluecher hastened to j
add that Russia had not been out- |
done, could match Japan's forces, j
had fortified Siberian frontiers so j
that "imperialist heads would be 1
broken against them."
Most military experts'agree that
Russo-Japanese war is a certainty;
they differ only on the time when
both sides will let fly. Belligerent
speeches by Soviet. Jap higher-ups
given last week for foreign as well
as home consumption gave the war
talk another boost.
Yesterday in Moscow, bristling
ex-kaiser'.s boy Red Far-Eastern
General Bluecher told all-union
Congress his army could "crack
foundation of Nipponese capitalism
in case of war." Pointing a stubby
accusing finger at Japan's feverish
preparations in Manchukuo, the Red
war leader cited: 600 miles of mili
tary railways and highways, 50 air
dromes, 500 airplanes, 130,000 Jap i
soldiers. '
But leader Bluecher hastened to j
add that Russia had not been out- |
done, could match Japan's forces, j
had fortified Siberian frontiers so j
that "imperialist heads would be 1
broken against them."
Most military experts'agree that
Russo-Japanese war is a certainty;
they differ only on the time when
both sides will let fly. Belligerent
speeches by Soviet. Jap higher-ups
given last week for foreign as well
as home consumption gave the war
talk another boost.
Yesterday in Moscow, bristling
ex-kaiser'.s boy Red Far-Eastern
General Bluecher told all-union
Congress his army could "crack
foundation of Nipponese capitalism
in case of war." Pointing a stubby
accusing finger at Japan's feverish
preparations in Manchukuo, the Red
war leader cited: 600 miles of mili
tary railways and highways, 50 air
dromes, 500 airplanes, 130,000 Jap i
soldiers. '
But leader Bluecher hastened to j
add that Russia had not been out- |
done, could match Japan's forces, j
had fortified Siberian frontiers so j
that "imperialist heads would be 1
broken against them."
Most military experts'agree that
Russo-Japanese war is a certainty;
they differ only on the time when
both sides will let fly. Belligerent
speeches by Soviet. Jap higher-ups
given last week for foreign as well
as home consumption gave the war
talk another boost.
Yesterday in Moscow, bristling
ex-kaiser'.s boy Red Far-Eastern
General Bluecher told all-union
Congress his army could "crack
foundation of Nipponese capitalism
in case of war." Pointing a stubby
accusing finger at Japan's feverish
preparations in Manchukuo, the Red
war leader cited: 600 miles of mili
tary railways and highways, 50 air
dromes, 500 airplanes, 130,000 Jap i
soldiers. '
But leader Bluecher hastened to j
add that Russia had not been out- |
done, could match Japan's forces, j
had fortified Siberian frontiers so j
that "imperialist heads would be 1
broken against them."
Most military experts'agree that
Russo-Japanese war is a certainty;
they differ only on the time when
both sides will let fly. Belligerent
speeches by Soviet. Jap higher-ups
given last week for foreign as well
as home consumption gave the war
talk another boost.
Yesterday in Moscow, bristling
ex-kaiser'.s boy Red Far-Eastern
General Bluecher told all-union
Congress his army could "crack
foundation of Nipponese capitalism
in case of war." Pointing a stubby
accusing finger at Japan's feverish
preparations in Manchukuo, the Red
war leader cited: 600 miles of mili
tary railways and highways, 50 air
dromes, 500 airplanes, 130,000 Jap i
soldiers. '
But leader Bluecher hastened to j
add that Russia had not been out- |
done, could match Japan's forces, j
had fortified Siberian frontiers so j
that "imperialist heads would be 1
broken against them."
Most military experts'agree that
Russo-Japanese war is a certainty;
they differ only on the time when
both sides will let fly. Belligerent
speeches by Soviet. Jap higher-ups
given last week for foreign as well
as home consumption gave the war
talk another boost.
Yesterday in Moscow, bristling
ex-kaiser'.s boy Red Far-Eastern
General Bluecher told all-union
Congress his army could "crack
foundation of Nipponese capitalism
in case of war." Pointing a stubby
accusing finger at Japan's feverish
preparations in Manchukuo, the Red
war leader cited: 600 miles of mili
tary railways and highways, 50 air
dromes, 500 airplanes, 130,000 Jap i
soldiers. '
But leader Bluecher hastened to j
add that Russia had not been out- |
done, could match Japan's forces, j
had fortified Siberian frontiers so j
that "imperialist heads would be 1
broken against them."
Most military experts'agree that
Russo-Japanese war is a certainty;
they differ only on the time when
both sides will let fly. Belligerent
speeches by Soviet. Jap higher-ups
given last week for foreign as well
as home consumption gave the war
talk another boost.
Yesterday in Moscow, bristling
ex-kaiser'.s boy Red Far-Eastern
General Bluecher told all-union
Congress his army could "crack
foundation of Nipponese capitalism
in case of war." Pointing a stubby
accusing finger at Japan's feverish
preparations in Manchukuo, the Red
war leader cited: 600 miles of mili
tary railways and highways, 50 air
dromes, 500 airplanes, 130,000 Jap i
soldiers. '
But leader Bluecher hastened to j
add that Russia had not been out- |
done, could match Japan's forces, j
had fortified Siberian frontiers so j
that "imperialist heads would be 1
broken against them."
Most military experts'agree that
Russo-Japanese war is a certainty;
they differ only on the time when
both sides will let fly. Belligerent
speeches by Soviet. Jap higher-ups
given last week for foreign as well
as home consumption gave the war
talk another boost.
Yesterday in Moscow, bristling
ex-kaiser'.s boy Red Far-Eastern
General Bluecher told all-union
Congress his army could "crack
foundation of Nipponese capitalism
in case of war." Pointing a stubby
accusing finger at Japan's feverish
preparations in Manchukuo, the Red
war leader cited: 600 miles of mili
tary railways and highways, 50 air
dromes, 500 airplanes, 130,000 Jap i
soldiers. '
But leader Bluecher hastened to j
add that Russia had not been out- |
done, could match Japan's forces, j
had fortified Siberian frontiers so j
that "imperialist heads would be 1
broken against them."
Most military experts'agree that
Russo-Japanese war is a certainty;
they differ only on the time when
both sides will let fly. Belligerent
speeches by Soviet. Jap higher-ups
given last week for foreign as well
as home consumption gave the war
talk another boost.
Yesterday in Moscow, bristling
ex-kaiser'.s boy Red Far-Eastern
General Bluecher told all-union
Congress his army could "crack
foundation of Nipponese capitalism
in case of war." Pointing a stubby
accusing finger at Japan's feverish
preparations in Manchukuo, the Red
war leader cited: 600 miles of mili
tary railways and highways, 50 air
dromes, 500 airplanes, 130,000 Jap i
soldiers. '
But leader Bluecher hastened to j
add that Russia had not been out- |
done, could match Japan's forces, j
had fortified Siberian frontiers so j
that "imperialist heads would be 1
broken against them."
