# Antarctic Visitors in New York
## 
### 

Captain Volney Phifer, explorer and wild-animal trainer,
with Eski and Moe, his two pet penguins from the Antarctic,
at the hotel where they stopped on a visit to New York. The
penguins travel everywhere with their master, living in bath
tubs.

Captain Volney Phifer, explorer and wild-animal trainer,
with Eski and Moe, his two pet penguins from the Antarctic,
at the hotel where they stopped on a visit to New York. The
penguins travel everywhere with their master, living in bath
tubs.

Captain Volney Phifer, explorer and wild-animal trainer,
with Eski and Moe, his two pet penguins from the Antarctic,
at the hotel where they stopped on a visit to New York. The
penguins travel everywhere with their master, living in bath
tubs.

Captain Volney Phifer, explorer and wild-animal trainer,
with Eski and Moe, his two pet penguins from the Antarctic,
at the hotel where they stopped on a visit to New York. The
penguins travel everywhere with their master, living in bath
tubs.

Captain Volney Phifer, explorer and wild-animal trainer,
with Eski and Moe, his two pet penguins from the Antarctic,
at the hotel where they stopped on a visit to New York. The
penguins travel everywhere with their master, living in bath
tubs.

Captain Volney Phifer, explorer and wild-animal trainer,
with Eski and Moe, his two pet penguins from the Antarctic,
at the hotel where they stopped on a visit to New York. The
penguins travel everywhere with their master, living in bath
tubs.

Captain Volney Phifer, explorer and wild-animal trainer,
with Eski and Moe, his two pet penguins from the Antarctic,
at the hotel where they stopped on a visit to New York. The
penguins travel everywhere with their master, living in bath
tubs.

Captain Volney Phifer, explorer and wild-animal trainer,
with Eski and Moe, his two pet penguins from the Antarctic,
at the hotel where they stopped on a visit to New York. The
penguins travel everywhere with their master, living in bath
tubs.

Captain Volney Phifer, explorer and wild-animal trainer,
with Eski and Moe, his two pet penguins from the Antarctic,
at the hotel where they stopped on a visit to New York. The
penguins travel everywhere with their master, living in bath
tubs.

Captain Volney Phifer, explorer and wild-animal trainer,
with Eski and Moe, his two pet penguins from the Antarctic,
at the hotel where they stopped on a visit to New York. The
penguins travel everywhere with their master, living in bath
tubs.

Captain Volney Phifer, explorer and wild-animal trainer,
with Eski and Moe, his two pet penguins from the Antarctic,
at the hotel where they stopped on a visit to New York. The
penguins travel everywhere with their master, living in bath
tubs.

Captain Volney Phifer, explorer and wild-animal trainer,
with Eski and Moe, his two pet penguins from the Antarctic,
at the hotel where they stopped on a visit to New York. The
penguins travel everywhere with their master, living in bath
tubs.

Captain Volney Phifer, explorer and wild-animal trainer,
with Eski and Moe, his two pet penguins from the Antarctic,
at the hotel where they stopped on a visit to New York. The
penguins travel everywhere with their master, living in bath
tubs.

Captain Volney Phifer, explorer and wild-animal trainer,
with Eski and Moe, his two pet penguins from the Antarctic,
at the hotel where they stopped on a visit to New York. The
penguins travel everywhere with their master, living in bath
tubs.

Captain Volney Phifer, explorer and wild-animal trainer,
with Eski and Moe, his two pet penguins from the Antarctic,
at the hotel where they stopped on a visit to New York. The
penguins travel everywhere with their master, living in bath
tubs.
