# YWCA ELECTIONS
## 
### 
Mary Anna Aldrich was elected
YWCA president for next year; Jan
Thomason, vice-president; Barbara
Downs, secretary; and Charlotte |
Messick, treasurer.
This year's and next year's cabi
net members will hold a retreat
this week to discuss next year's
program. j
Mary Anna Aldrich was elected
YWCA president for next year; Jan
Thomason, vice-president; Barbara
Downs, secretary; and Charlotte |
Messick, treasurer.
This year's and next year's cabi
net members will hold a retreat
this week to discuss next year's
program. j
Mary Anna Aldrich was elected
YWCA president for next year; Jan
Thomason, vice-president; Barbara
Downs, secretary; and Charlotte |
Messick, treasurer.
This year's and next year's cabi
net members will hold a retreat
this week to discuss next year's
program. j
Mary Anna Aldrich was elected
YWCA president for next year; Jan
Thomason, vice-president; Barbara
Downs, secretary; and Charlotte |
Messick, treasurer.
This year's and next year's cabi
net members will hold a retreat
this week to discuss next year's
program. j
Mary Anna Aldrich was elected
YWCA president for next year; Jan
Thomason, vice-president; Barbara
Downs, secretary; and Charlotte |
Messick, treasurer.
This year's and next year's cabi
net members will hold a retreat
this week to discuss next year's
program. j
Mary Anna Aldrich was elected
YWCA president for next year; Jan
Thomason, vice-president; Barbara
Downs, secretary; and Charlotte |
Messick, treasurer.
This year's and next year's cabi
net members will hold a retreat
this week to discuss next year's
program. j
Mary Anna Aldrich was elected
YWCA president for next year; Jan
Thomason, vice-president; Barbara
Downs, secretary; and Charlotte |
Messick, treasurer.
This year's and next year's cabi
net members will hold a retreat
this week to discuss next year's
program. j
Mary Anna Aldrich was elected
YWCA president for next year; Jan
Thomason, vice-president; Barbara
Downs, secretary; and Charlotte |
Messick, treasurer.
This year's and next year's cabi
net members will hold a retreat
this week to discuss next year's
program. j
Mary Anna Aldrich was elected
YWCA president for next year; Jan
Thomason, vice-president; Barbara
Downs, secretary; and Charlotte |
Messick, treasurer.
This year's and next year's cabi
net members will hold a retreat
this week to discuss next year's
program. j
Mary Anna Aldrich was elected
YWCA president for next year; Jan
Thomason, vice-president; Barbara
Downs, secretary; and Charlotte |
Messick, treasurer.
This year's and next year's cabi
net members will hold a retreat
this week to discuss next year's
program. j
Mary Anna Aldrich was elected
YWCA president for next year; Jan
Thomason, vice-president; Barbara
Downs, secretary; and Charlotte |
Messick, treasurer.
This year's and next year's cabi
net members will hold a retreat
this week to discuss next year's
program. j
Mary Anna Aldrich was elected
YWCA president for next year; Jan
Thomason, vice-president; Barbara
Downs, secretary; and Charlotte |
Messick, treasurer.
This year's and next year's cabi
net members will hold a retreat
this week to discuss next year's
program. j
Mary Anna Aldrich was elected
YWCA president for next year; Jan
Thomason, vice-president; Barbara
Downs, secretary; and Charlotte |
Messick, treasurer.
This year's and next year's cabi
net members will hold a retreat
this week to discuss next year's
program. j
Mary Anna Aldrich was elected
YWCA president for next year; Jan
Thomason, vice-president; Barbara
Downs, secretary; and Charlotte |
Messick, treasurer.
This year's and next year's cabi
net members will hold a retreat
this week to discuss next year's
program. j
Mary Anna Aldrich was elected
YWCA president for next year; Jan
Thomason, vice-president; Barbara
Downs, secretary; and Charlotte |
Messick, treasurer.
This year's and next year's cabi
net members will hold a retreat
this week to discuss next year's
program. j
