# ECONOMIST TO SPEAK
## 
### 
Professor Ed ward S. Shaw, head
of •ho Stanford Economics Depart
ment, will address the Young Re
publicans of Alameda County on
"Expenditure Rationing" at the
Leamington Hotel, Oakland, to
night at 8.
Professor Ed ward S. Shaw, head
of •ho Stanford Economics Depart
ment, will address the Young Re
publicans of Alameda County on
"Expenditure Rationing" at the
Leamington Hotel, Oakland, to
night at 8.
Professor Ed ward S. Shaw, head
of •ho Stanford Economics Depart
ment, will address the Young Re
publicans of Alameda County on
"Expenditure Rationing" at the
Leamington Hotel, Oakland, to
night at 8.
Professor Ed ward S. Shaw, head
of •ho Stanford Economics Depart
ment, will address the Young Re
publicans of Alameda County on
"Expenditure Rationing" at the
Leamington Hotel, Oakland, to
night at 8.
Professor Ed ward S. Shaw, head
of •ho Stanford Economics Depart
ment, will address the Young Re
publicans of Alameda County on
"Expenditure Rationing" at the
Leamington Hotel, Oakland, to
night at 8.
Professor Ed ward S. Shaw, head
of •ho Stanford Economics Depart
ment, will address the Young Re
publicans of Alameda County on
"Expenditure Rationing" at the
Leamington Hotel, Oakland, to
night at 8.
Professor Ed ward S. Shaw, head
of •ho Stanford Economics Depart
ment, will address the Young Re
publicans of Alameda County on
"Expenditure Rationing" at the
Leamington Hotel, Oakland, to
night at 8.
Professor Ed ward S. Shaw, head
of •ho Stanford Economics Depart
ment, will address the Young Re
publicans of Alameda County on
"Expenditure Rationing" at the
Leamington Hotel, Oakland, to
night at 8.
Professor Ed ward S. Shaw, head
of •ho Stanford Economics Depart
ment, will address the Young Re
publicans of Alameda County on
"Expenditure Rationing" at the
Leamington Hotel, Oakland, to
night at 8.
Professor Ed ward S. Shaw, head
of •ho Stanford Economics Depart
ment, will address the Young Re
publicans of Alameda County on
"Expenditure Rationing" at the
Leamington Hotel, Oakland, to
night at 8.
Professor Ed ward S. Shaw, head
of •ho Stanford Economics Depart
ment, will address the Young Re
publicans of Alameda County on
"Expenditure Rationing" at the
Leamington Hotel, Oakland, to
night at 8.
Professor Ed ward S. Shaw, head
of •ho Stanford Economics Depart
ment, will address the Young Re
publicans of Alameda County on
"Expenditure Rationing" at the
Leamington Hotel, Oakland, to
night at 8.
Professor Ed ward S. Shaw, head
of •ho Stanford Economics Depart
ment, will address the Young Re
publicans of Alameda County on
"Expenditure Rationing" at the
Leamington Hotel, Oakland, to
night at 8.
Professor Ed ward S. Shaw, head
of •ho Stanford Economics Depart
ment, will address the Young Re
publicans of Alameda County on
"Expenditure Rationing" at the
Leamington Hotel, Oakland, to
night at 8.
Professor Ed ward S. Shaw, head
of •ho Stanford Economics Depart
ment, will address the Young Re
publicans of Alameda County on
"Expenditure Rationing" at the
Leamington Hotel, Oakland, to
night at 8.
