# First Vets in S.F.
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO—San Francis
co opens its famed "Golden Gate"
tomorrow to welcome back to the
United States 1.442 Army veterans
of the Korean war.
The men, first to return via San
Francisco under the Army's new
rotation plan, will he greeted by
Maj. Gen. James A. Lester, com
mander of the Port of Embarkation,
when their ship, the USNS Lt. Ray
mond Beaudoin, docks at Fort Ma
son.
SAN FRANCISCO—San Francis
co opens its famed "Golden Gate"
tomorrow to welcome back to the
United States 1.442 Army veterans
of the Korean war.
The men, first to return via San
Francisco under the Army's new
rotation plan, will he greeted by
Maj. Gen. James A. Lester, com
mander of the Port of Embarkation,
when their ship, the USNS Lt. Ray
mond Beaudoin, docks at Fort Ma
son.
SAN FRANCISCO—San Francis
co opens its famed "Golden Gate"
tomorrow to welcome back to the
United States 1.442 Army veterans
of the Korean war.
The men, first to return via San
Francisco under the Army's new
rotation plan, will he greeted by
Maj. Gen. James A. Lester, com
mander of the Port of Embarkation,
when their ship, the USNS Lt. Ray
mond Beaudoin, docks at Fort Ma
son.
SAN FRANCISCO—San Francis
co opens its famed "Golden Gate"
tomorrow to welcome back to the
United States 1.442 Army veterans
of the Korean war.
The men, first to return via San
Francisco under the Army's new
rotation plan, will he greeted by
Maj. Gen. James A. Lester, com
mander of the Port of Embarkation,
when their ship, the USNS Lt. Ray
mond Beaudoin, docks at Fort Ma
son.
SAN FRANCISCO—San Francis
co opens its famed "Golden Gate"
tomorrow to welcome back to the
United States 1.442 Army veterans
of the Korean war.
The men, first to return via San
Francisco under the Army's new
rotation plan, will he greeted by
Maj. Gen. James A. Lester, com
mander of the Port of Embarkation,
when their ship, the USNS Lt. Ray
mond Beaudoin, docks at Fort Ma
son.
SAN FRANCISCO—San Francis
co opens its famed "Golden Gate"
tomorrow to welcome back to the
United States 1.442 Army veterans
of the Korean war.
The men, first to return via San
Francisco under the Army's new
rotation plan, will he greeted by
Maj. Gen. James A. Lester, com
mander of the Port of Embarkation,
when their ship, the USNS Lt. Ray
mond Beaudoin, docks at Fort Ma
son.
SAN FRANCISCO—San Francis
co opens its famed "Golden Gate"
tomorrow to welcome back to the
United States 1.442 Army veterans
of the Korean war.
The men, first to return via San
Francisco under the Army's new
rotation plan, will he greeted by
Maj. Gen. James A. Lester, com
mander of the Port of Embarkation,
when their ship, the USNS Lt. Ray
mond Beaudoin, docks at Fort Ma
son.
SAN FRANCISCO—San Francis
co opens its famed "Golden Gate"
tomorrow to welcome back to the
United States 1.442 Army veterans
of the Korean war.
The men, first to return via San
Francisco under the Army's new
rotation plan, will he greeted by
Maj. Gen. James A. Lester, com
mander of the Port of Embarkation,
when their ship, the USNS Lt. Ray
mond Beaudoin, docks at Fort Ma
son.
SAN FRANCISCO—San Francis
co opens its famed "Golden Gate"
tomorrow to welcome back to the
United States 1.442 Army veterans
of the Korean war.
The men, first to return via San
Francisco under the Army's new
rotation plan, will he greeted by
Maj. Gen. James A. Lester, com
mander of the Port of Embarkation,
when their ship, the USNS Lt. Ray
mond Beaudoin, docks at Fort Ma
son.
SAN FRANCISCO—San Francis
co opens its famed "Golden Gate"
tomorrow to welcome back to the
United States 1.442 Army veterans
of the Korean war.
The men, first to return via San
Francisco under the Army's new
rotation plan, will he greeted by
Maj. Gen. James A. Lester, com
mander of the Port of Embarkation,
when their ship, the USNS Lt. Ray
mond Beaudoin, docks at Fort Ma
son.
SAN FRANCISCO—San Francis
co opens its famed "Golden Gate"
tomorrow to welcome back to the
United States 1.442 Army veterans
of the Korean war.
The men, first to return via San
Francisco under the Army's new
rotation plan, will he greeted by
Maj. Gen. James A. Lester, com
mander of the Port of Embarkation,
when their ship, the USNS Lt. Ray
mond Beaudoin, docks at Fort Ma
son.
SAN FRANCISCO—San Francis
co opens its famed "Golden Gate"
tomorrow to welcome back to the
United States 1.442 Army veterans
of the Korean war.
The men, first to return via San
Francisco under the Army's new
rotation plan, will he greeted by
Maj. Gen. James A. Lester, com
mander of the Port of Embarkation,
when their ship, the USNS Lt. Ray
mond Beaudoin, docks at Fort Ma
son.
SAN FRANCISCO—San Francis
co opens its famed "Golden Gate"
tomorrow to welcome back to the
United States 1.442 Army veterans
of the Korean war.
The men, first to return via San
Francisco under the Army's new
rotation plan, will he greeted by
Maj. Gen. James A. Lester, com
mander of the Port of Embarkation,
when their ship, the USNS Lt. Ray
mond Beaudoin, docks at Fort Ma
son.
SAN FRANCISCO—San Francis
co opens its famed "Golden Gate"
tomorrow to welcome back to the
United States 1.442 Army veterans
of the Korean war.
The men, first to return via San
Francisco under the Army's new
rotation plan, will he greeted by
Maj. Gen. James A. Lester, com
mander of the Port of Embarkation,
when their ship, the USNS Lt. Ray
mond Beaudoin, docks at Fort Ma
son.
SAN FRANCISCO—San Francis
co opens its famed "Golden Gate"
tomorrow to welcome back to the
United States 1.442 Army veterans
of the Korean war.
The men, first to return via San
Francisco under the Army's new
rotation plan, will he greeted by
Maj. Gen. James A. Lester, com
mander of the Port of Embarkation,
when their ship, the USNS Lt. Ray
mond Beaudoin, docks at Fort Ma
son.
