# Untitled Article
## 
### 

"Since the end of the semester has slipped up on us and we've
only studied from this book, we're going to have to cover quite
a bit before the finals."

"Since the end of the semester has slipped up on us and we've
only studied from this book, we're going to have to cover quite
a bit before the finals."

"Since the end of the semester has slipped up on us and we've
only studied from this book, we're going to have to cover quite
a bit before the finals."

"Since the end of the semester has slipped up on us and we've
only studied from this book, we're going to have to cover quite
a bit before the finals."

"Since the end of the semester has slipped up on us and we've
only studied from this book, we're going to have to cover quite
a bit before the finals."

"Since the end of the semester has slipped up on us and we've
only studied from this book, we're going to have to cover quite
a bit before the finals."

"Since the end of the semester has slipped up on us and we've
only studied from this book, we're going to have to cover quite
a bit before the finals."

"Since the end of the semester has slipped up on us and we've
only studied from this book, we're going to have to cover quite
a bit before the finals."

"Since the end of the semester has slipped up on us and we've
only studied from this book, we're going to have to cover quite
a bit before the finals."

"Since the end of the semester has slipped up on us and we've
only studied from this book, we're going to have to cover quite
a bit before the finals."

"Since the end of the semester has slipped up on us and we've
only studied from this book, we're going to have to cover quite
a bit before the finals."

"Since the end of the semester has slipped up on us and we've
only studied from this book, we're going to have to cover quite
a bit before the finals."

"Since the end of the semester has slipped up on us and we've
only studied from this book, we're going to have to cover quite
a bit before the finals."

"Since the end of the semester has slipped up on us and we've
only studied from this book, we're going to have to cover quite
a bit before the finals."

"Since the end of the semester has slipped up on us and we've
only studied from this book, we're going to have to cover quite
a bit before the finals."
