# ROW OFFICERS
## 
### 
In Women's Row elections held
last night. Joyce Ballantine was
elected president; Nancy Moller,
secretary-treasurer; and Mary Van
Deusen, chairman of the Committee
of Nine.
In Women's Row elections held
last night. Joyce Ballantine was
elected president; Nancy Moller,
secretary-treasurer; and Mary Van
Deusen, chairman of the Committee
of Nine.
In Women's Row elections held
last night. Joyce Ballantine was
elected president; Nancy Moller,
secretary-treasurer; and Mary Van
Deusen, chairman of the Committee
of Nine.
In Women's Row elections held
last night. Joyce Ballantine was
elected president; Nancy Moller,
secretary-treasurer; and Mary Van
Deusen, chairman of the Committee
of Nine.
In Women's Row elections held
last night. Joyce Ballantine was
elected president; Nancy Moller,
secretary-treasurer; and Mary Van
Deusen, chairman of the Committee
of Nine.
In Women's Row elections held
last night. Joyce Ballantine was
elected president; Nancy Moller,
secretary-treasurer; and Mary Van
Deusen, chairman of the Committee
of Nine.
In Women's Row elections held
last night. Joyce Ballantine was
elected president; Nancy Moller,
secretary-treasurer; and Mary Van
Deusen, chairman of the Committee
of Nine.
In Women's Row elections held
last night. Joyce Ballantine was
elected president; Nancy Moller,
secretary-treasurer; and Mary Van
Deusen, chairman of the Committee
of Nine.
In Women's Row elections held
last night. Joyce Ballantine was
elected president; Nancy Moller,
secretary-treasurer; and Mary Van
Deusen, chairman of the Committee
of Nine.
In Women's Row elections held
last night. Joyce Ballantine was
elected president; Nancy Moller,
secretary-treasurer; and Mary Van
Deusen, chairman of the Committee
of Nine.
In Women's Row elections held
last night. Joyce Ballantine was
elected president; Nancy Moller,
secretary-treasurer; and Mary Van
Deusen, chairman of the Committee
of Nine.
In Women's Row elections held
last night. Joyce Ballantine was
elected president; Nancy Moller,
secretary-treasurer; and Mary Van
Deusen, chairman of the Committee
of Nine.
In Women's Row elections held
last night. Joyce Ballantine was
elected president; Nancy Moller,
secretary-treasurer; and Mary Van
Deusen, chairman of the Committee
of Nine.
In Women's Row elections held
last night. Joyce Ballantine was
elected president; Nancy Moller,
secretary-treasurer; and Mary Van
Deusen, chairman of the Committee
of Nine.
In Women's Row elections held
last night. Joyce Ballantine was
elected president; Nancy Moller,
secretary-treasurer; and Mary Van
Deusen, chairman of the Committee
of Nine.
