# Adv. 46 Page 10
## 
### 
Seventy-four flies were killed by
three students armed with rolled
newspapers in four and one - half
minutes yesterday afternoon.
Stanford dormitories are now
filled to near capacity.
Seventy-four flies were killed by
three students armed with rolled
newspapers in four and one - half
minutes yesterday afternoon.
Stanford dormitories are now
filled to near capacity.
Seventy-four flies were killed by
three students armed with rolled
newspapers in four and one - half
minutes yesterday afternoon.
Stanford dormitories are now
filled to near capacity.
Seventy-four flies were killed by
three students armed with rolled
newspapers in four and one - half
minutes yesterday afternoon.
Stanford dormitories are now
filled to near capacity.
Seventy-four flies were killed by
three students armed with rolled
newspapers in four and one - half
minutes yesterday afternoon.
Stanford dormitories are now
filled to near capacity.
Seventy-four flies were killed by
three students armed with rolled
newspapers in four and one - half
minutes yesterday afternoon.
Stanford dormitories are now
filled to near capacity.
Seventy-four flies were killed by
three students armed with rolled
newspapers in four and one - half
minutes yesterday afternoon.
Stanford dormitories are now
filled to near capacity.
Seventy-four flies were killed by
three students armed with rolled
newspapers in four and one - half
minutes yesterday afternoon.
Stanford dormitories are now
filled to near capacity.
Seventy-four flies were killed by
three students armed with rolled
newspapers in four and one - half
minutes yesterday afternoon.
Stanford dormitories are now
filled to near capacity.
Seventy-four flies were killed by
three students armed with rolled
newspapers in four and one - half
minutes yesterday afternoon.
Stanford dormitories are now
filled to near capacity.
Seventy-four flies were killed by
three students armed with rolled
newspapers in four and one - half
minutes yesterday afternoon.
Stanford dormitories are now
filled to near capacity.
Seventy-four flies were killed by
three students armed with rolled
newspapers in four and one - half
minutes yesterday afternoon.
Stanford dormitories are now
filled to near capacity.
Seventy-four flies were killed by
three students armed with rolled
newspapers in four and one - half
minutes yesterday afternoon.
Stanford dormitories are now
filled to near capacity.
Seventy-four flies were killed by
three students armed with rolled
newspapers in four and one - half
minutes yesterday afternoon.
Stanford dormitories are now
filled to near capacity.
Seventy-four flies were killed by
three students armed with rolled
newspapers in four and one - half
minutes yesterday afternoon.
Stanford dormitories are now
filled to near capacity.
