# Adv. 20 Page 6
## 
### 
Many Bay Region
hrall c h c s under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1&54
SAVINGS TBIIHT
COMMKBCIAI. BASKIf*C i|-n
Many Bay Region
hrall c h c s under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1&54
SAVINGS TBIIHT
COMMKBCIAI. BASKIf*C i|-n
Many Bay Region
hrall c h c s under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1&54
SAVINGS TBIIHT
COMMKBCIAI. BASKIf*C i|-n
Many Bay Region
hrall c h c s under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1&54
SAVINGS TBIIHT
COMMKBCIAI. BASKIf*C i|-n
Many Bay Region
hrall c h c s under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1&54
SAVINGS TBIIHT
COMMKBCIAI. BASKIf*C i|-n
Many Bay Region
hrall c h c s under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1&54
SAVINGS TBIIHT
COMMKBCIAI. BASKIf*C i|-n
Many Bay Region
hrall c h c s under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1&54
SAVINGS TBIIHT
COMMKBCIAI. BASKIf*C i|-n
Many Bay Region
hrall c h c s under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1&54
SAVINGS TBIIHT
COMMKBCIAI. BASKIf*C i|-n
Many Bay Region
hrall c h c s under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1&54
SAVINGS TBIIHT
COMMKBCIAI. BASKIf*C i|-n
Many Bay Region
hrall c h c s under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1&54
SAVINGS TBIIHT
COMMKBCIAI. BASKIf*C i|-n
Many Bay Region
hrall c h c s under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1&54
SAVINGS TBIIHT
COMMKBCIAI. BASKIf*C i|-n
Many Bay Region
hrall c h c s under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1&54
SAVINGS TBIIHT
COMMKBCIAI. BASKIf*C i|-n
Many Bay Region
hrall c h c s under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1&54
SAVINGS TBIIHT
COMMKBCIAI. BASKIf*C i|-n
Many Bay Region
hrall c h c s under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1&54
SAVINGS TBIIHT
COMMKBCIAI. BASKIf*C i|-n
Many Bay Region
hrall c h c s under
strongly centralized
control afford the
proven advantages
of centralized bank
ing plus the modern
convenience of
branch banking.
•
AMERICAN TRUST
COMPANY
Since 1&54
SAVINGS TBIIHT
COMMKBCIAI. BASKIf*C i|-n
