# Time Schedule Mistaken; Barclay Here To Teach
## 
### 
Contrary to the Time Schedule,
Professor Thomas S. Barclay is on
duty with the Department of Po
litical Science for the autumn quar
ter.
He will leave at the end of this
quarter and will be gone for one
year. Last year Barclay was on
letive of absence doing research
work at Washington, D.C., for the
Brookings Institute.
Contrary to the Time Schedule,
Professor Thomas S. Barclay is on
duty with the Department of Po
litical Science for the autumn quar
ter.
He will leave at the end of this
quarter and will be gone for one
year. Last year Barclay was on
letive of absence doing research
work at Washington, D.C., for the
Brookings Institute.
Contrary to the Time Schedule,
Professor Thomas S. Barclay is on
duty with the Department of Po
litical Science for the autumn quar
ter.
He will leave at the end of this
quarter and will be gone for one
year. Last year Barclay was on
letive of absence doing research
work at Washington, D.C., for the
Brookings Institute.
Contrary to the Time Schedule,
Professor Thomas S. Barclay is on
duty with the Department of Po
litical Science for the autumn quar
ter.
He will leave at the end of this
quarter and will be gone for one
year. Last year Barclay was on
letive of absence doing research
work at Washington, D.C., for the
Brookings Institute.
Contrary to the Time Schedule,
Professor Thomas S. Barclay is on
duty with the Department of Po
litical Science for the autumn quar
ter.
He will leave at the end of this
quarter and will be gone for one
year. Last year Barclay was on
letive of absence doing research
work at Washington, D.C., for the
Brookings Institute.
Contrary to the Time Schedule,
Professor Thomas S. Barclay is on
duty with the Department of Po
litical Science for the autumn quar
ter.
He will leave at the end of this
quarter and will be gone for one
year. Last year Barclay was on
letive of absence doing research
work at Washington, D.C., for the
Brookings Institute.
Contrary to the Time Schedule,
Professor Thomas S. Barclay is on
duty with the Department of Po
litical Science for the autumn quar
ter.
He will leave at the end of this
quarter and will be gone for one
year. Last year Barclay was on
letive of absence doing research
work at Washington, D.C., for the
Brookings Institute.
Contrary to the Time Schedule,
Professor Thomas S. Barclay is on
duty with the Department of Po
litical Science for the autumn quar
ter.
He will leave at the end of this
quarter and will be gone for one
year. Last year Barclay was on
letive of absence doing research
work at Washington, D.C., for the
Brookings Institute.
Contrary to the Time Schedule,
Professor Thomas S. Barclay is on
duty with the Department of Po
litical Science for the autumn quar
ter.
He will leave at the end of this
quarter and will be gone for one
year. Last year Barclay was on
letive of absence doing research
work at Washington, D.C., for the
Brookings Institute.
Contrary to the Time Schedule,
Professor Thomas S. Barclay is on
duty with the Department of Po
litical Science for the autumn quar
ter.
He will leave at the end of this
quarter and will be gone for one
year. Last year Barclay was on
letive of absence doing research
work at Washington, D.C., for the
Brookings Institute.
Contrary to the Time Schedule,
Professor Thomas S. Barclay is on
duty with the Department of Po
litical Science for the autumn quar
ter.
He will leave at the end of this
quarter and will be gone for one
year. Last year Barclay was on
letive of absence doing research
work at Washington, D.C., for the
Brookings Institute.
Contrary to the Time Schedule,
Professor Thomas S. Barclay is on
duty with the Department of Po
litical Science for the autumn quar
ter.
He will leave at the end of this
quarter and will be gone for one
year. Last year Barclay was on
letive of absence doing research
work at Washington, D.C., for the
Brookings Institute.
Contrary to the Time Schedule,
Professor Thomas S. Barclay is on
duty with the Department of Po
litical Science for the autumn quar
ter.
He will leave at the end of this
quarter and will be gone for one
year. Last year Barclay was on
letive of absence doing research
work at Washington, D.C., for the
Brookings Institute.
Contrary to the Time Schedule,
Professor Thomas S. Barclay is on
duty with the Department of Po
litical Science for the autumn quar
ter.
He will leave at the end of this
quarter and will be gone for one
year. Last year Barclay was on
letive of absence doing research
work at Washington, D.C., for the
Brookings Institute.
Contrary to the Time Schedule,
Professor Thomas S. Barclay is on
duty with the Department of Po
litical Science for the autumn quar
ter.
He will leave at the end of this
quarter and will be gone for one
year. Last year Barclay was on
letive of absence doing research
work at Washington, D.C., for the
Brookings Institute.
