# HANDBOOKS GIVEN OCT
## 
### 
New students, freshmen and
transfers, may get their handbooks
at the A.S.S.U. offices in the Old
Union if they do not already have
copies. Women will receive theirs
from the sponsors in the various
dormitories.
New students, freshmen and
transfers, may get their handbooks
at the A.S.S.U. offices in the Old
Union if they do not already have
copies. Women will receive theirs
from the sponsors in the various
dormitories.
New students, freshmen and
transfers, may get their handbooks
at the A.S.S.U. offices in the Old
Union if they do not already have
copies. Women will receive theirs
from the sponsors in the various
dormitories.
New students, freshmen and
transfers, may get their handbooks
at the A.S.S.U. offices in the Old
Union if they do not already have
copies. Women will receive theirs
from the sponsors in the various
dormitories.
New students, freshmen and
transfers, may get their handbooks
at the A.S.S.U. offices in the Old
Union if they do not already have
copies. Women will receive theirs
from the sponsors in the various
dormitories.
New students, freshmen and
transfers, may get their handbooks
at the A.S.S.U. offices in the Old
Union if they do not already have
copies. Women will receive theirs
from the sponsors in the various
dormitories.
New students, freshmen and
transfers, may get their handbooks
at the A.S.S.U. offices in the Old
Union if they do not already have
copies. Women will receive theirs
from the sponsors in the various
dormitories.
New students, freshmen and
transfers, may get their handbooks
at the A.S.S.U. offices in the Old
Union if they do not already have
copies. Women will receive theirs
from the sponsors in the various
dormitories.
New students, freshmen and
transfers, may get their handbooks
at the A.S.S.U. offices in the Old
Union if they do not already have
copies. Women will receive theirs
from the sponsors in the various
dormitories.
New students, freshmen and
transfers, may get their handbooks
at the A.S.S.U. offices in the Old
Union if they do not already have
copies. Women will receive theirs
from the sponsors in the various
dormitories.
New students, freshmen and
transfers, may get their handbooks
at the A.S.S.U. offices in the Old
Union if they do not already have
copies. Women will receive theirs
from the sponsors in the various
dormitories.
New students, freshmen and
transfers, may get their handbooks
at the A.S.S.U. offices in the Old
Union if they do not already have
copies. Women will receive theirs
from the sponsors in the various
dormitories.
New students, freshmen and
transfers, may get their handbooks
at the A.S.S.U. offices in the Old
Union if they do not already have
copies. Women will receive theirs
from the sponsors in the various
dormitories.
New students, freshmen and
transfers, may get their handbooks
at the A.S.S.U. offices in the Old
Union if they do not already have
copies. Women will receive theirs
from the sponsors in the various
dormitories.
New students, freshmen and
transfers, may get their handbooks
at the A.S.S.U. offices in the Old
Union if they do not already have
copies. Women will receive theirs
from the sponsors in the various
dormitories.
