# Law and Order
## 
### 
Hunted strikers iled Lodi at dawin
yesterday as special deputies and
ku-kluxing grape-growers went into
action. Mounted men pursued dis
organized workers who, panting,
took to the brush or boarded out
going freight trains. Combined law
force and lawlessness gloated.
Thirty strike leaders, penned in
Lodi jail on "higher vagrancy
charges," remained. "No visible
means of support" vagrancy is the
usual, legal, happy way of moving
on no-accounts and gangsters. High
er, newer, anti-strike vagrancy uses
the same pretext to stop men from
combining to get greater wages,
otherwise legal, recognized by the
"New Deal." In this case the work
ers had sought a rise from 25 to 40
cents an hour, pretty low at that
when compared with F.D.R. code
wages.
