# Crew Leaves Ship At Philippines
## 
### 
MANILA, P.1., Thursday, Jan. 121
(UP). —The 23 members of the crew i
of the British ship Silvercrest aban
doned the vessel today, almost a i
week after she went aground near;
the San Bernardino Straits.
The oflicers and men left the ship
because of the approach of the Mon
soon season which indefinitely do- |
layed salvage operations. The 12
passengers aboard the vessel reach
ed here Monday.
MANILA, P.1., Thursday, Jan. 121
(UP). —The 23 members of the crew i
of the British ship Silvercrest aban
doned the vessel today, almost a i
week after she went aground near;
the San Bernardino Straits.
The oflicers and men left the ship
because of the approach of the Mon
soon season which indefinitely do- |
layed salvage operations. The 12
passengers aboard the vessel reach
ed here Monday.
MANILA, P.1., Thursday, Jan. 121
(UP). —The 23 members of the crew i
of the British ship Silvercrest aban
doned the vessel today, almost a i
week after she went aground near;
the San Bernardino Straits.
The oflicers and men left the ship
because of the approach of the Mon
soon season which indefinitely do- |
layed salvage operations. The 12
passengers aboard the vessel reach
ed here Monday.
MANILA, P.1., Thursday, Jan. 121
(UP). —The 23 members of the crew i
of the British ship Silvercrest aban
doned the vessel today, almost a i
week after she went aground near;
the San Bernardino Straits.
The oflicers and men left the ship
because of the approach of the Mon
soon season which indefinitely do- |
layed salvage operations. The 12
passengers aboard the vessel reach
ed here Monday.
MANILA, P.1., Thursday, Jan. 121
(UP). —The 23 members of the crew i
of the British ship Silvercrest aban
doned the vessel today, almost a i
week after she went aground near;
the San Bernardino Straits.
The oflicers and men left the ship
because of the approach of the Mon
soon season which indefinitely do- |
layed salvage operations. The 12
passengers aboard the vessel reach
ed here Monday.
MANILA, P.1., Thursday, Jan. 121
(UP). —The 23 members of the crew i
of the British ship Silvercrest aban
doned the vessel today, almost a i
week after she went aground near;
the San Bernardino Straits.
The oflicers and men left the ship
because of the approach of the Mon
soon season which indefinitely do- |
layed salvage operations. The 12
passengers aboard the vessel reach
ed here Monday.
MANILA, P.1., Thursday, Jan. 121
(UP). —The 23 members of the crew i
of the British ship Silvercrest aban
doned the vessel today, almost a i
week after she went aground near;
the San Bernardino Straits.
The oflicers and men left the ship
because of the approach of the Mon
soon season which indefinitely do- |
layed salvage operations. The 12
passengers aboard the vessel reach
ed here Monday.
MANILA, P.1., Thursday, Jan. 121
(UP). —The 23 members of the crew i
of the British ship Silvercrest aban
doned the vessel today, almost a i
week after she went aground near;
the San Bernardino Straits.
The oflicers and men left the ship
because of the approach of the Mon
soon season which indefinitely do- |
layed salvage operations. The 12
passengers aboard the vessel reach
ed here Monday.
MANILA, P.1., Thursday, Jan. 121
(UP). —The 23 members of the crew i
of the British ship Silvercrest aban
doned the vessel today, almost a i
week after she went aground near;
the San Bernardino Straits.
The oflicers and men left the ship
because of the approach of the Mon
soon season which indefinitely do- |
layed salvage operations. The 12
passengers aboard the vessel reach
ed here Monday.
MANILA, P.1., Thursday, Jan. 121
(UP). —The 23 members of the crew i
of the British ship Silvercrest aban
doned the vessel today, almost a i
week after she went aground near;
the San Bernardino Straits.
The oflicers and men left the ship
because of the approach of the Mon
soon season which indefinitely do- |
layed salvage operations. The 12
passengers aboard the vessel reach
ed here Monday.
MANILA, P.1., Thursday, Jan. 121
(UP). —The 23 members of the crew i
of the British ship Silvercrest aban
doned the vessel today, almost a i
week after she went aground near;
the San Bernardino Straits.
The oflicers and men left the ship
because of the approach of the Mon
soon season which indefinitely do- |
layed salvage operations. The 12
passengers aboard the vessel reach
ed here Monday.
MANILA, P.1., Thursday, Jan. 121
(UP). —The 23 members of the crew i
of the British ship Silvercrest aban
doned the vessel today, almost a i
week after she went aground near;
the San Bernardino Straits.
The oflicers and men left the ship
because of the approach of the Mon
soon season which indefinitely do- |
layed salvage operations. The 12
passengers aboard the vessel reach
ed here Monday.
MANILA, P.1., Thursday, Jan. 121
(UP). —The 23 members of the crew i
of the British ship Silvercrest aban
doned the vessel today, almost a i
week after she went aground near;
the San Bernardino Straits.
The oflicers and men left the ship
because of the approach of the Mon
soon season which indefinitely do- |
layed salvage operations. The 12
passengers aboard the vessel reach
ed here Monday.
MANILA, P.1., Thursday, Jan. 121
(UP). —The 23 members of the crew i
of the British ship Silvercrest aban
doned the vessel today, almost a i
week after she went aground near;
the San Bernardino Straits.
The oflicers and men left the ship
because of the approach of the Mon
soon season which indefinitely do- |
layed salvage operations. The 12
passengers aboard the vessel reach
ed here Monday.
MANILA, P.1., Thursday, Jan. 121
(UP). —The 23 members of the crew i
of the British ship Silvercrest aban
doned the vessel today, almost a i
week after she went aground near;
the San Bernardino Straits.
The oflicers and men left the ship
because of the approach of the Mon
soon season which indefinitely do- |
layed salvage operations. The 12
passengers aboard the vessel reach
ed here Monday.
MANILA, P.1., Thursday, Jan. 121
(UP). —The 23 members of the crew i
of the British ship Silvercrest aban
doned the vessel today, almost a i
week after she went aground near;
the San Bernardino Straits.
The oflicers and men left the ship
because of the approach of the Mon
soon season which indefinitely do- |
layed salvage operations. The 12
passengers aboard the vessel reach
ed here Monday.
