# Block to Address Physicists Today
## 
### 
Dr. Felix Bloch, professor of phys
ics, will be the speaker at the regu
lar meeting of the Physics Depart
ment Journal Club which will be
held at 4 o'clock this afternoon in
Room 372.
At that time Dr. Bloch will ex
plain, "Some New Considerations in
the Theory of Continuous Radia
tion."' Members of the Physics De
partment and others interested are
invited to attend.
Dr. Felix Bloch, professor of phys
ics, will be the speaker at the regu
lar meeting of the Physics Depart
ment Journal Club which will be
held at 4 o'clock this afternoon in
Room 372.
At that time Dr. Bloch will ex
plain, "Some New Considerations in
the Theory of Continuous Radia
tion."' Members of the Physics De
partment and others interested are
invited to attend.
Dr. Felix Bloch, professor of phys
ics, will be the speaker at the regu
lar meeting of the Physics Depart
ment Journal Club which will be
held at 4 o'clock this afternoon in
Room 372.
At that time Dr. Bloch will ex
plain, "Some New Considerations in
the Theory of Continuous Radia
tion."' Members of the Physics De
partment and others interested are
invited to attend.
Dr. Felix Bloch, professor of phys
ics, will be the speaker at the regu
lar meeting of the Physics Depart
ment Journal Club which will be
held at 4 o'clock this afternoon in
Room 372.
At that time Dr. Bloch will ex
plain, "Some New Considerations in
the Theory of Continuous Radia
tion."' Members of the Physics De
partment and others interested are
invited to attend.
Dr. Felix Bloch, professor of phys
ics, will be the speaker at the regu
lar meeting of the Physics Depart
ment Journal Club which will be
held at 4 o'clock this afternoon in
Room 372.
At that time Dr. Bloch will ex
plain, "Some New Considerations in
the Theory of Continuous Radia
tion."' Members of the Physics De
partment and others interested are
invited to attend.
Dr. Felix Bloch, professor of phys
ics, will be the speaker at the regu
lar meeting of the Physics Depart
ment Journal Club which will be
held at 4 o'clock this afternoon in
Room 372.
At that time Dr. Bloch will ex
plain, "Some New Considerations in
the Theory of Continuous Radia
tion."' Members of the Physics De
partment and others interested are
invited to attend.
Dr. Felix Bloch, professor of phys
ics, will be the speaker at the regu
lar meeting of the Physics Depart
ment Journal Club which will be
held at 4 o'clock this afternoon in
Room 372.
At that time Dr. Bloch will ex
plain, "Some New Considerations in
the Theory of Continuous Radia
tion."' Members of the Physics De
partment and others interested are
invited to attend.
Dr. Felix Bloch, professor of phys
ics, will be the speaker at the regu
lar meeting of the Physics Depart
ment Journal Club which will be
held at 4 o'clock this afternoon in
Room 372.
At that time Dr. Bloch will ex
plain, "Some New Considerations in
the Theory of Continuous Radia
tion."' Members of the Physics De
partment and others interested are
invited to attend.
Dr. Felix Bloch, professor of phys
ics, will be the speaker at the regu
lar meeting of the Physics Depart
ment Journal Club which will be
held at 4 o'clock this afternoon in
Room 372.
At that time Dr. Bloch will ex
plain, "Some New Considerations in
the Theory of Continuous Radia
tion."' Members of the Physics De
partment and others interested are
invited to attend.
Dr. Felix Bloch, professor of phys
ics, will be the speaker at the regu
lar meeting of the Physics Depart
ment Journal Club which will be
held at 4 o'clock this afternoon in
Room 372.
At that time Dr. Bloch will ex
plain, "Some New Considerations in
the Theory of Continuous Radia
tion."' Members of the Physics De
partment and others interested are
invited to attend.
Dr. Felix Bloch, professor of phys
ics, will be the speaker at the regu
lar meeting of the Physics Depart
ment Journal Club which will be
held at 4 o'clock this afternoon in
Room 372.
At that time Dr. Bloch will ex
plain, "Some New Considerations in
the Theory of Continuous Radia
tion."' Members of the Physics De
partment and others interested are
invited to attend.
Dr. Felix Bloch, professor of phys
ics, will be the speaker at the regu
lar meeting of the Physics Depart
ment Journal Club which will be
held at 4 o'clock this afternoon in
Room 372.
At that time Dr. Bloch will ex
plain, "Some New Considerations in
the Theory of Continuous Radia
tion."' Members of the Physics De
partment and others interested are
invited to attend.
Dr. Felix Bloch, professor of phys
ics, will be the speaker at the regu
lar meeting of the Physics Depart
ment Journal Club which will be
held at 4 o'clock this afternoon in
Room 372.
At that time Dr. Bloch will ex
plain, "Some New Considerations in
the Theory of Continuous Radia
tion."' Members of the Physics De
partment and others interested are
invited to attend.
Dr. Felix Bloch, professor of phys
ics, will be the speaker at the regu
lar meeting of the Physics Depart
ment Journal Club which will be
held at 4 o'clock this afternoon in
Room 372.
At that time Dr. Bloch will ex
plain, "Some New Considerations in
the Theory of Continuous Radia
tion."' Members of the Physics De
partment and others interested are
invited to attend.
Dr. Felix Bloch, professor of phys
ics, will be the speaker at the regu
lar meeting of the Physics Depart
ment Journal Club which will be
held at 4 o'clock this afternoon in
Room 372.
At that time Dr. Bloch will ex
plain, "Some New Considerations in
the Theory of Continuous Radia
tion."' Members of the Physics De
partment and others interested are
invited to attend.
Dr. Felix Bloch, professor of phys
ics, will be the speaker at the regu
lar meeting of the Physics Depart
ment Journal Club which will be
held at 4 o'clock this afternoon in
Room 372.
At that time Dr. Bloch will ex
plain, "Some New Considerations in
the Theory of Continuous Radia
tion."' Members of the Physics De
partment and others interested are
invited to attend.
