# Rains Hasten Boathouse Work
## 
### 
With completion expected in two
weeks, Construction Superintendent
John Leavers and his crew this week
were hurrying work on Stanford's
new bout house as last week's rain
broughl the first water to Lake Ln
gunita.
Partitioning of student living
quarters, dressing rooms, and of
fice is being effected, while the
ramps which connect canoe storage
space and the lake have been com
pleted.
With completion expected in two
weeks, Construction Superintendent
John Leavers and his crew this week
were hurrying work on Stanford's
new bout house as last week's rain
broughl the first water to Lake Ln
gunita.
Partitioning of student living
quarters, dressing rooms, and of
fice is being effected, while the
ramps which connect canoe storage
space and the lake have been com
pleted.
With completion expected in two
weeks, Construction Superintendent
John Leavers and his crew this week
were hurrying work on Stanford's
new bout house as last week's rain
broughl the first water to Lake Ln
gunita.
Partitioning of student living
quarters, dressing rooms, and of
fice is being effected, while the
ramps which connect canoe storage
space and the lake have been com
pleted.
With completion expected in two
weeks, Construction Superintendent
John Leavers and his crew this week
were hurrying work on Stanford's
new bout house as last week's rain
broughl the first water to Lake Ln
gunita.
Partitioning of student living
quarters, dressing rooms, and of
fice is being effected, while the
ramps which connect canoe storage
space and the lake have been com
pleted.
With completion expected in two
weeks, Construction Superintendent
John Leavers and his crew this week
were hurrying work on Stanford's
new bout house as last week's rain
broughl the first water to Lake Ln
gunita.
Partitioning of student living
quarters, dressing rooms, and of
fice is being effected, while the
ramps which connect canoe storage
space and the lake have been com
pleted.
With completion expected in two
weeks, Construction Superintendent
John Leavers and his crew this week
were hurrying work on Stanford's
new bout house as last week's rain
broughl the first water to Lake Ln
gunita.
Partitioning of student living
quarters, dressing rooms, and of
fice is being effected, while the
ramps which connect canoe storage
space and the lake have been com
pleted.
With completion expected in two
weeks, Construction Superintendent
John Leavers and his crew this week
were hurrying work on Stanford's
new bout house as last week's rain
broughl the first water to Lake Ln
gunita.
Partitioning of student living
quarters, dressing rooms, and of
fice is being effected, while the
ramps which connect canoe storage
space and the lake have been com
pleted.
With completion expected in two
weeks, Construction Superintendent
John Leavers and his crew this week
were hurrying work on Stanford's
new bout house as last week's rain
broughl the first water to Lake Ln
gunita.
Partitioning of student living
quarters, dressing rooms, and of
fice is being effected, while the
ramps which connect canoe storage
space and the lake have been com
pleted.
With completion expected in two
weeks, Construction Superintendent
John Leavers and his crew this week
were hurrying work on Stanford's
new bout house as last week's rain
broughl the first water to Lake Ln
gunita.
Partitioning of student living
quarters, dressing rooms, and of
fice is being effected, while the
ramps which connect canoe storage
space and the lake have been com
pleted.
With completion expected in two
weeks, Construction Superintendent
John Leavers and his crew this week
were hurrying work on Stanford's
new bout house as last week's rain
broughl the first water to Lake Ln
gunita.
Partitioning of student living
quarters, dressing rooms, and of
fice is being effected, while the
ramps which connect canoe storage
space and the lake have been com
pleted.
With completion expected in two
weeks, Construction Superintendent
John Leavers and his crew this week
were hurrying work on Stanford's
new bout house as last week's rain
broughl the first water to Lake Ln
gunita.
Partitioning of student living
quarters, dressing rooms, and of
fice is being effected, while the
ramps which connect canoe storage
space and the lake have been com
pleted.
With completion expected in two
weeks, Construction Superintendent
John Leavers and his crew this week
were hurrying work on Stanford's
new bout house as last week's rain
broughl the first water to Lake Ln
gunita.
Partitioning of student living
quarters, dressing rooms, and of
fice is being effected, while the
ramps which connect canoe storage
space and the lake have been com
pleted.
With completion expected in two
weeks, Construction Superintendent
John Leavers and his crew this week
were hurrying work on Stanford's
new bout house as last week's rain
broughl the first water to Lake Ln
gunita.
Partitioning of student living
quarters, dressing rooms, and of
fice is being effected, while the
ramps which connect canoe storage
space and the lake have been com
pleted.
With completion expected in two
weeks, Construction Superintendent
John Leavers and his crew this week
were hurrying work on Stanford's
new bout house as last week's rain
broughl the first water to Lake Ln
gunita.
Partitioning of student living
quarters, dressing rooms, and of
fice is being effected, while the
ramps which connect canoe storage
space and the lake have been com
pleted.
With completion expected in two
weeks, Construction Superintendent
John Leavers and his crew this week
were hurrying work on Stanford's
new bout house as last week's rain
broughl the first water to Lake Ln
gunita.
Partitioning of student living
quarters, dressing rooms, and of
fice is being effected, while the
ramps which connect canoe storage
space and the lake have been com
pleted.
With completion expected in two
weeks, Construction Superintendent
John Leavers and his crew this week
were hurrying work on Stanford's
new bout house as last week's rain
broughl the first water to Lake Ln
gunita.
Partitioning of student living
quarters, dressing rooms, and of
fice is being effected, while the
ramps which connect canoe storage
space and the lake have been com
pleted.
