# CHIVALRY BECOMES 'ROUGH'
## 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
I've been kicking around college
for some time now, and I thought
nothing could surprise me. But this
morning I witnessed a startling
sight. A car drove up to the chains
at the Engineering Corner, and so
help me, a loitering student step
ped over and let down the barrier
The Editor, Sir:
I've been kicking around college
for some time now, and I thought
nothing could surprise me. But this
morning I witnessed a startling
sight. A car drove up to the chains
at the Engineering Corner, and so
help me, a loitering student step
ped over and let down the barrier
The Editor, Sir:
I've been kicking around college
for some time now, and I thought
nothing could surprise me. But this
morning I witnessed a startling
sight. A car drove up to the chains
at the Engineering Corner, and so
help me, a loitering student step
ped over and let down the barrier
The Editor, Sir:
I've been kicking around college
for some time now, and I thought
nothing could surprise me. But this
morning I witnessed a startling
sight. A car drove up to the chains
at the Engineering Corner, and so
help me, a loitering student step
ped over and let down the barrier
The Editor, Sir:
I've been kicking around college
for some time now, and I thought
nothing could surprise me. But this
morning I witnessed a startling
sight. A car drove up to the chains
at the Engineering Corner, and so
help me, a loitering student step
ped over and let down the barrier
The Editor, Sir:
I've been kicking around college
for some time now, and I thought
nothing could surprise me. But this
morning I witnessed a startling
sight. A car drove up to the chains
at the Engineering Corner, and so
help me, a loitering student step
ped over and let down the barrier
The Editor, Sir:
I've been kicking around college
for some time now, and I thought
nothing could surprise me. But this
morning I witnessed a startling
sight. A car drove up to the chains
at the Engineering Corner, and so
help me, a loitering student step
ped over and let down the barrier
The Editor, Sir:
I've been kicking around college
for some time now, and I thought
nothing could surprise me. But this
morning I witnessed a startling
sight. A car drove up to the chains
at the Engineering Corner, and so
help me, a loitering student step
ped over and let down the barrier
The Editor, Sir:
I've been kicking around college
for some time now, and I thought
nothing could surprise me. But this
morning I witnessed a startling
sight. A car drove up to the chains
at the Engineering Corner, and so
help me, a loitering student step
ped over and let down the barrier
The Editor, Sir:
I've been kicking around college
for some time now, and I thought
nothing could surprise me. But this
morning I witnessed a startling
sight. A car drove up to the chains
at the Engineering Corner, and so
help me, a loitering student step
ped over and let down the barrier
The Editor, Sir:
I've been kicking around college
for some time now, and I thought
nothing could surprise me. But this
morning I witnessed a startling
sight. A car drove up to the chains
at the Engineering Corner, and so
help me, a loitering student step
ped over and let down the barrier
The Editor, Sir:
I've been kicking around college
for some time now, and I thought
nothing could surprise me. But this
morning I witnessed a startling
sight. A car drove up to the chains
at the Engineering Corner, and so
help me, a loitering student step
ped over and let down the barrier
The Editor, Sir:
I've been kicking around college
for some time now, and I thought
nothing could surprise me. But this
morning I witnessed a startling
sight. A car drove up to the chains
at the Engineering Corner, and so
help me, a loitering student step
ped over and let down the barrier
The Editor, Sir:
I've been kicking around college
for some time now, and I thought
nothing could surprise me. But this
morning I witnessed a startling
sight. A car drove up to the chains
at the Engineering Corner, and so
help me, a loitering student step
ped over and let down the barrier
The Editor, Sir:
I've been kicking around college
for some time now, and I thought
nothing could surprise me. But this
morning I witnessed a startling
sight. A car drove up to the chains
at the Engineering Corner, and so
help me, a loitering student step
ped over and let down the barrier
The Editor, Sir:
I've been kicking around college
for some time now, and I thought
nothing could surprise me. But this
morning I witnessed a startling
sight. A car drove up to the chains
at the Engineering Corner, and so
help me, a loitering student step
ped over and let down the barrier
