# Stanford Dames To Meet Tonight
## 
### 
Dressed in a Victorian costume,
Mrs. George Dill of Palo Alto will
speak before the Stanford Dames
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse on the subject,
"Out. of the Band Box.''
A collection of accessories from
the Victorian period will also be
put on display by the speaker. All
wives of students and instructors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which is to be the first of the
quarter.
Dressed in a Victorian costume,
Mrs. George Dill of Palo Alto will
speak before the Stanford Dames
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse on the subject,
"Out. of the Band Box.''
A collection of accessories from
the Victorian period will also be
put on display by the speaker. All
wives of students and instructors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which is to be the first of the
quarter.
Dressed in a Victorian costume,
Mrs. George Dill of Palo Alto will
speak before the Stanford Dames
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse on the subject,
"Out. of the Band Box.''
A collection of accessories from
the Victorian period will also be
put on display by the speaker. All
wives of students and instructors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which is to be the first of the
quarter.
Dressed in a Victorian costume,
Mrs. George Dill of Palo Alto will
speak before the Stanford Dames
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse on the subject,
"Out. of the Band Box.''
A collection of accessories from
the Victorian period will also be
put on display by the speaker. All
wives of students and instructors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which is to be the first of the
quarter.
Dressed in a Victorian costume,
Mrs. George Dill of Palo Alto will
speak before the Stanford Dames
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse on the subject,
"Out. of the Band Box.''
A collection of accessories from
the Victorian period will also be
put on display by the speaker. All
wives of students and instructors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which is to be the first of the
quarter.
Dressed in a Victorian costume,
Mrs. George Dill of Palo Alto will
speak before the Stanford Dames
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse on the subject,
"Out. of the Band Box.''
A collection of accessories from
the Victorian period will also be
put on display by the speaker. All
wives of students and instructors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which is to be the first of the
quarter.
Dressed in a Victorian costume,
Mrs. George Dill of Palo Alto will
speak before the Stanford Dames
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse on the subject,
"Out. of the Band Box.''
A collection of accessories from
the Victorian period will also be
put on display by the speaker. All
wives of students and instructors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which is to be the first of the
quarter.
Dressed in a Victorian costume,
Mrs. George Dill of Palo Alto will
speak before the Stanford Dames
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse on the subject,
"Out. of the Band Box.''
A collection of accessories from
the Victorian period will also be
put on display by the speaker. All
wives of students and instructors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which is to be the first of the
quarter.
Dressed in a Victorian costume,
Mrs. George Dill of Palo Alto will
speak before the Stanford Dames
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse on the subject,
"Out. of the Band Box.''
A collection of accessories from
the Victorian period will also be
put on display by the speaker. All
wives of students and instructors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which is to be the first of the
quarter.
Dressed in a Victorian costume,
Mrs. George Dill of Palo Alto will
speak before the Stanford Dames
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse on the subject,
"Out. of the Band Box.''
A collection of accessories from
the Victorian period will also be
put on display by the speaker. All
wives of students and instructors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which is to be the first of the
quarter.
Dressed in a Victorian costume,
Mrs. George Dill of Palo Alto will
speak before the Stanford Dames
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse on the subject,
"Out. of the Band Box.''
A collection of accessories from
the Victorian period will also be
put on display by the speaker. All
wives of students and instructors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which is to be the first of the
quarter.
Dressed in a Victorian costume,
Mrs. George Dill of Palo Alto will
speak before the Stanford Dames
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse on the subject,
"Out. of the Band Box.''
A collection of accessories from
the Victorian period will also be
put on display by the speaker. All
wives of students and instructors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which is to be the first of the
quarter.
Dressed in a Victorian costume,
Mrs. George Dill of Palo Alto will
speak before the Stanford Dames
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse on the subject,
"Out. of the Band Box.''
A collection of accessories from
the Victorian period will also be
put on display by the speaker. All
wives of students and instructors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which is to be the first of the
quarter.
Dressed in a Victorian costume,
Mrs. George Dill of Palo Alto will
speak before the Stanford Dames
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse on the subject,
"Out. of the Band Box.''
A collection of accessories from
the Victorian period will also be
put on display by the speaker. All
wives of students and instructors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which is to be the first of the
quarter.
Dressed in a Victorian costume,
Mrs. George Dill of Palo Alto will
speak before the Stanford Dames
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse on the subject,
"Out. of the Band Box.''
A collection of accessories from
the Victorian period will also be
put on display by the speaker. All
wives of students and instructors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which is to be the first of the
quarter.
Dressed in a Victorian costume,
Mrs. George Dill of Palo Alto will
speak before the Stanford Dames
this evening at 7:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse on the subject,
"Out. of the Band Box.''
A collection of accessories from
the Victorian period will also be
put on display by the speaker. All
wives of students and instructors
arc invited to attend the meeting,
which is to be the first of the
quarter.
