# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Manager Hicks hts completed ar
rangements fora dance to be given
after the football game at Santa Cruz
next Saturday.
Next Tuesday evening's lecture will
be delivered by Prof. Julius (Jocbel.
His subject will be, " The Geographic
and Scientific Conception in Goethe's
Faust."
Prof. Kellogg of the entomological
department, who has been studying the
life and characteristics of a certain
species of insect that cxi>ts in great
quantities in this vicinity, has about
concluded his investigations, and
brought many interesting facts to light.
Manager Hicks hts completed ar
rangements fora dance to be given
after the football game at Santa Cruz
next Saturday.
Next Tuesday evening's lecture will
be delivered by Prof. Julius (Jocbel.
His subject will be, " The Geographic
and Scientific Conception in Goethe's
Faust."
Prof. Kellogg of the entomological
department, who has been studying the
life and characteristics of a certain
species of insect that cxi>ts in great
quantities in this vicinity, has about
concluded his investigations, and
brought many interesting facts to light.
Manager Hicks hts completed ar
rangements fora dance to be given
after the football game at Santa Cruz
next Saturday.
Next Tuesday evening's lecture will
be delivered by Prof. Julius (Jocbel.
His subject will be, " The Geographic
and Scientific Conception in Goethe's
Faust."
Prof. Kellogg of the entomological
department, who has been studying the
life and characteristics of a certain
species of insect that cxi>ts in great
quantities in this vicinity, has about
concluded his investigations, and
brought many interesting facts to light.
