# Untitled Article
## 
### 
As noticed in another column,
Beckett is worse again today. When
he was first taken sick the Daily
Palo Alto suggested that there be
as little noise as possible in the
halls at Encina, especially in the
east end near Beckett's room. In
his present quite critical condi
tion, he is very susceptible to all
disturbances and it is again very
urgently requested that a serious
effort be made to keep the Hall as
quiet as possible, so that his re
covery may not be retarded by any
thing so easily avoided.
As noticed in another column,
Beckett is worse again today. When
he was first taken sick the Daily
Palo Alto suggested that there be
as little noise as possible in the
halls at Encina, especially in the
east end near Beckett's room. In
his present quite critical condi
tion, he is very susceptible to all
disturbances and it is again very
urgently requested that a serious
effort be made to keep the Hall as
quiet as possible, so that his re
covery may not be retarded by any
thing so easily avoided.
As noticed in another column,
Beckett is worse again today. When
he was first taken sick the Daily
Palo Alto suggested that there be
as little noise as possible in the
halls at Encina, especially in the
east end near Beckett's room. In
his present quite critical condi
tion, he is very susceptible to all
disturbances and it is again very
urgently requested that a serious
effort be made to keep the Hall as
quiet as possible, so that his re
covery may not be retarded by any
thing so easily avoided.
As noticed in another column,
Beckett is worse again today. When
he was first taken sick the Daily
Palo Alto suggested that there be
as little noise as possible in the
halls at Encina, especially in the
east end near Beckett's room. In
his present quite critical condi
tion, he is very susceptible to all
disturbances and it is again very
urgently requested that a serious
effort be made to keep the Hall as
quiet as possible, so that his re
covery may not be retarded by any
thing so easily avoided.
As noticed in another column,
Beckett is worse again today. When
he was first taken sick the Daily
Palo Alto suggested that there be
as little noise as possible in the
halls at Encina, especially in the
east end near Beckett's room. In
his present quite critical condi
tion, he is very susceptible to all
disturbances and it is again very
urgently requested that a serious
effort be made to keep the Hall as
quiet as possible, so that his re
covery may not be retarded by any
thing so easily avoided.
As noticed in another column,
Beckett is worse again today. When
he was first taken sick the Daily
Palo Alto suggested that there be
as little noise as possible in the
halls at Encina, especially in the
east end near Beckett's room. In
his present quite critical condi
tion, he is very susceptible to all
disturbances and it is again very
urgently requested that a serious
effort be made to keep the Hall as
quiet as possible, so that his re
covery may not be retarded by any
thing so easily avoided.
