# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Richard M. Goldwater, '26, and Leon
B. Brown, '20, nre attending tho Har
vard Law School.
Richard M. Goldwater, '26, and Leon
B. Brown, '20, nre attending tho Har
vard Law School.
Richard M. Goldwater, '26, and Leon
B. Brown, '20, nre attending tho Har
vard Law School.
Richard M. Goldwater, '26, and Leon
B. Brown, '20, nre attending tho Har
vard Law School.
Richard M. Goldwater, '26, and Leon
B. Brown, '20, nre attending tho Har
vard Law School.
Richard M. Goldwater, '26, and Leon
B. Brown, '20, nre attending tho Har
vard Law School.
Richard M. Goldwater, '26, and Leon
B. Brown, '20, nre attending tho Har
vard Law School.
Richard M. Goldwater, '26, and Leon
B. Brown, '20, nre attending tho Har
vard Law School.
Richard M. Goldwater, '26, and Leon
B. Brown, '20, nre attending tho Har
vard Law School.
Richard M. Goldwater, '26, and Leon
B. Brown, '20, nre attending tho Har
vard Law School.
Richard M. Goldwater, '26, and Leon
B. Brown, '20, nre attending tho Har
vard Law School.
Richard M. Goldwater, '26, and Leon
B. Brown, '20, nre attending tho Har
vard Law School.
Richard M. Goldwater, '26, and Leon
B. Brown, '20, nre attending tho Har
vard Law School.
Richard M. Goldwater, '26, and Leon
B. Brown, '20, nre attending tho Har
vard Law School.
Richard M. Goldwater, '26, and Leon
B. Brown, '20, nre attending tho Har
vard Law School.
