# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Two women wore paddled at Jewel
College for not wearing their frosii
enps.
Two women wore paddled at Jewel
College for not wearing their frosii
enps.
Two women wore paddled at Jewel
College for not wearing their frosii
enps.
Two women wore paddled at Jewel
College for not wearing their frosii
enps.
Two women wore paddled at Jewel
College for not wearing their frosii
enps.
Two women wore paddled at Jewel
College for not wearing their frosii
enps.
Two women wore paddled at Jewel
College for not wearing their frosii
enps.
Two women wore paddled at Jewel
College for not wearing their frosii
enps.
Two women wore paddled at Jewel
College for not wearing their frosii
enps.
Two women wore paddled at Jewel
College for not wearing their frosii
enps.
Two women wore paddled at Jewel
College for not wearing their frosii
enps.
Two women wore paddled at Jewel
College for not wearing their frosii
enps.
Two women wore paddled at Jewel
College for not wearing their frosii
enps.
Two women wore paddled at Jewel
College for not wearing their frosii
enps.
Two women wore paddled at Jewel
College for not wearing their frosii
enps.
