# Frosh Rally Committee Chosen by Club Officers
## 
### 
Tho freshman rally committee,
which will have charge of freshman
rallies and also aid the rally commit
tee at the Big Game on November 2ft,
has been appointed by Tom Murphy,
chairman, and Fred Olsen, president
of Encina Club. The members are:
Edward J. Goldie, Harold M. Horn,
Mason E. Hall, Burr Northrop, George
W. Thompson, Meril Emery, Charles
Hadenfelt, Louis Leiber, Jack llare,
Edward E. Valentine, and Robert
Clarke.
Tho freshman rally committee,
which will have charge of freshman
rallies and also aid the rally commit
tee at the Big Game on November 2ft,
has been appointed by Tom Murphy,
chairman, and Fred Olsen, president
of Encina Club. The members are:
Edward J. Goldie, Harold M. Horn,
Mason E. Hall, Burr Northrop, George
W. Thompson, Meril Emery, Charles
Hadenfelt, Louis Leiber, Jack llare,
Edward E. Valentine, and Robert
Clarke.
Tho freshman rally committee,
which will have charge of freshman
rallies and also aid the rally commit
tee at the Big Game on November 2ft,
has been appointed by Tom Murphy,
chairman, and Fred Olsen, president
of Encina Club. The members are:
Edward J. Goldie, Harold M. Horn,
Mason E. Hall, Burr Northrop, George
W. Thompson, Meril Emery, Charles
Hadenfelt, Louis Leiber, Jack llare,
Edward E. Valentine, and Robert
Clarke.
Tho freshman rally committee,
which will have charge of freshman
rallies and also aid the rally commit
tee at the Big Game on November 2ft,
has been appointed by Tom Murphy,
chairman, and Fred Olsen, president
of Encina Club. The members are:
Edward J. Goldie, Harold M. Horn,
Mason E. Hall, Burr Northrop, George
W. Thompson, Meril Emery, Charles
Hadenfelt, Louis Leiber, Jack llare,
Edward E. Valentine, and Robert
Clarke.
Tho freshman rally committee,
which will have charge of freshman
rallies and also aid the rally commit
tee at the Big Game on November 2ft,
has been appointed by Tom Murphy,
chairman, and Fred Olsen, president
of Encina Club. The members are:
Edward J. Goldie, Harold M. Horn,
Mason E. Hall, Burr Northrop, George
W. Thompson, Meril Emery, Charles
Hadenfelt, Louis Leiber, Jack llare,
Edward E. Valentine, and Robert
Clarke.
Tho freshman rally committee,
which will have charge of freshman
rallies and also aid the rally commit
tee at the Big Game on November 2ft,
has been appointed by Tom Murphy,
chairman, and Fred Olsen, president
of Encina Club. The members are:
Edward J. Goldie, Harold M. Horn,
Mason E. Hall, Burr Northrop, George
W. Thompson, Meril Emery, Charles
Hadenfelt, Louis Leiber, Jack llare,
Edward E. Valentine, and Robert
Clarke.
Tho freshman rally committee,
which will have charge of freshman
rallies and also aid the rally commit
tee at the Big Game on November 2ft,
has been appointed by Tom Murphy,
chairman, and Fred Olsen, president
of Encina Club. The members are:
Edward J. Goldie, Harold M. Horn,
Mason E. Hall, Burr Northrop, George
W. Thompson, Meril Emery, Charles
Hadenfelt, Louis Leiber, Jack llare,
Edward E. Valentine, and Robert
Clarke.
Tho freshman rally committee,
which will have charge of freshman
rallies and also aid the rally commit
tee at the Big Game on November 2ft,
has been appointed by Tom Murphy,
chairman, and Fred Olsen, president
of Encina Club. The members are:
Edward J. Goldie, Harold M. Horn,
Mason E. Hall, Burr Northrop, George
W. Thompson, Meril Emery, Charles
Hadenfelt, Louis Leiber, Jack llare,
Edward E. Valentine, and Robert
Clarke.
Tho freshman rally committee,
which will have charge of freshman
rallies and also aid the rally commit
tee at the Big Game on November 2ft,
has been appointed by Tom Murphy,
chairman, and Fred Olsen, president
of Encina Club. The members are:
Edward J. Goldie, Harold M. Horn,
Mason E. Hall, Burr Northrop, George
W. Thompson, Meril Emery, Charles
Hadenfelt, Louis Leiber, Jack llare,
Edward E. Valentine, and Robert
Clarke.
Tho freshman rally committee,
which will have charge of freshman
rallies and also aid the rally commit
tee at the Big Game on November 2ft,
has been appointed by Tom Murphy,
chairman, and Fred Olsen, president
of Encina Club. The members are:
Edward J. Goldie, Harold M. Horn,
Mason E. Hall, Burr Northrop, George
W. Thompson, Meril Emery, Charles
Hadenfelt, Louis Leiber, Jack llare,
Edward E. Valentine, and Robert
Clarke.
Tho freshman rally committee,
which will have charge of freshman
rallies and also aid the rally commit
tee at the Big Game on November 2ft,
has been appointed by Tom Murphy,
chairman, and Fred Olsen, president
of Encina Club. The members are:
Edward J. Goldie, Harold M. Horn,
Mason E. Hall, Burr Northrop, George
W. Thompson, Meril Emery, Charles
Hadenfelt, Louis Leiber, Jack llare,
Edward E. Valentine, and Robert
Clarke.
Tho freshman rally committee,
which will have charge of freshman
rallies and also aid the rally commit
tee at the Big Game on November 2ft,
has been appointed by Tom Murphy,
chairman, and Fred Olsen, president
of Encina Club. The members are:
Edward J. Goldie, Harold M. Horn,
Mason E. Hall, Burr Northrop, George
W. Thompson, Meril Emery, Charles
Hadenfelt, Louis Leiber, Jack llare,
Edward E. Valentine, and Robert
Clarke.
Tho freshman rally committee,
which will have charge of freshman
rallies and also aid the rally commit
tee at the Big Game on November 2ft,
has been appointed by Tom Murphy,
chairman, and Fred Olsen, president
of Encina Club. The members are:
Edward J. Goldie, Harold M. Horn,
Mason E. Hall, Burr Northrop, George
W. Thompson, Meril Emery, Charles
Hadenfelt, Louis Leiber, Jack llare,
Edward E. Valentine, and Robert
Clarke.
Tho freshman rally committee,
which will have charge of freshman
rallies and also aid the rally commit
tee at the Big Game on November 2ft,
has been appointed by Tom Murphy,
chairman, and Fred Olsen, president
of Encina Club. The members are:
Edward J. Goldie, Harold M. Horn,
Mason E. Hall, Burr Northrop, George
W. Thompson, Meril Emery, Charles
Hadenfelt, Louis Leiber, Jack llare,
Edward E. Valentine, and Robert
Clarke.
Tho freshman rally committee,
which will have charge of freshman
rallies and also aid the rally commit
tee at the Big Game on November 2ft,
has been appointed by Tom Murphy,
chairman, and Fred Olsen, president
of Encina Club. The members are:
Edward J. Goldie, Harold M. Horn,
Mason E. Hall, Burr Northrop, George
W. Thompson, Meril Emery, Charles
Hadenfelt, Louis Leiber, Jack llare,
Edward E. Valentine, and Robert
Clarke.
