# WOMEN IN PHYSICAL EDUCATION EXCUSED FOR W.A.A. MEETING
## 
### 
W.A.A. will hold an open meting at
Searsville lake Wednesday afternoon
at 4 o'clock to discuss the proposed
lodge for Stanford women to be situ
ated there.
Trucks will call for the women on
the Row and at Roble at 4 o'clock to
take them to Searsville. Those having
gym classes at that hour will report
at Roble gymnasium and will be taken
out from there in private cars to the
meeting.
Women will be excused only if they
sign up in the gymnasium and attend
the meeting, stated Mrs. Ruth Calvin,
acting head of the women's physical
education department. Check will be
made at Searsville on those excused
from gym classes.
Marie Manchee, president of W.A.A.,
will speak at the meeting and will lead
the discussion as to whether there
should be a $2 assessment on each
woman for the lodge, or whether the
money should be raised by drives on
the campus. This was proposed by the
Board of Governors of W.A.A. at its
last meeting.
Besides the discussion, there will
also be a short entertainment program.
W.A.A. will hold an open meting at
Searsville lake Wednesday afternoon
at 4 o'clock to discuss the proposed
lodge for Stanford women to be situ
ated there.
Trucks will call for the women on
the Row and at Roble at 4 o'clock to
take them to Searsville. Those having
gym classes at that hour will report
at Roble gymnasium and will be taken
out from there in private cars to the
meeting.
Women will be excused only if they
sign up in the gymnasium and attend
the meeting, stated Mrs. Ruth Calvin,
acting head of the women's physical
education department. Check will be
made at Searsville on those excused
from gym classes.
Marie Manchee, president of W.A.A.,
will speak at the meeting and will lead
the discussion as to whether there
should be a $2 assessment on each
woman for the lodge, or whether the
money should be raised by drives on
the campus. This was proposed by the
Board of Governors of W.A.A. at its
last meeting.
Besides the discussion, there will
also be a short entertainment program.
W.A.A. will hold an open meting at
Searsville lake Wednesday afternoon
at 4 o'clock to discuss the proposed
lodge for Stanford women to be situ
ated there.
Trucks will call for the women on
the Row and at Roble at 4 o'clock to
take them to Searsville. Those having
gym classes at that hour will report
at Roble gymnasium and will be taken
out from there in private cars to the
meeting.
Women will be excused only if they
sign up in the gymnasium and attend
the meeting, stated Mrs. Ruth Calvin,
acting head of the women's physical
education department. Check will be
made at Searsville on those excused
from gym classes.
Marie Manchee, president of W.A.A.,
will speak at the meeting and will lead
the discussion as to whether there
should be a $2 assessment on each
woman for the lodge, or whether the
money should be raised by drives on
the campus. This was proposed by the
Board of Governors of W.A.A. at its
last meeting.
Besides the discussion, there will
also be a short entertainment program.
W.A.A. will hold an open meting at
Searsville lake Wednesday afternoon
at 4 o'clock to discuss the proposed
lodge for Stanford women to be situ
ated there.
Trucks will call for the women on
the Row and at Roble at 4 o'clock to
take them to Searsville. Those having
gym classes at that hour will report
at Roble gymnasium and will be taken
out from there in private cars to the
meeting.
Women will be excused only if they
sign up in the gymnasium and attend
the meeting, stated Mrs. Ruth Calvin,
acting head of the women's physical
education department. Check will be
made at Searsville on those excused
from gym classes.
Marie Manchee, president of W.A.A.,
will speak at the meeting and will lead
the discussion as to whether there
should be a $2 assessment on each
woman for the lodge, or whether the
money should be raised by drives on
the campus. This was proposed by the
Board of Governors of W.A.A. at its
last meeting.
Besides the discussion, there will
also be a short entertainment program.
W.A.A. will hold an open meting at
Searsville lake Wednesday afternoon
at 4 o'clock to discuss the proposed
lodge for Stanford women to be situ
ated there.
Trucks will call for the women on
the Row and at Roble at 4 o'clock to
take them to Searsville. Those having
gym classes at that hour will report
at Roble gymnasium and will be taken
out from there in private cars to the
meeting.
Women will be excused only if they
sign up in the gymnasium and attend
the meeting, stated Mrs. Ruth Calvin,
acting head of the women's physical
education department. Check will be
made at Searsville on those excused
from gym classes.
Marie Manchee, president of W.A.A.,
will speak at the meeting and will lead
the discussion as to whether there
should be a $2 assessment on each
woman for the lodge, or whether the
money should be raised by drives on
the campus. This was proposed by the
Board of Governors of W.A.A. at its
last meeting.
Besides the discussion, there will
also be a short entertainment program.
W.A.A. will hold an open meting at
Searsville lake Wednesday afternoon
at 4 o'clock to discuss the proposed
lodge for Stanford women to be situ
ated there.
Trucks will call for the women on
the Row and at Roble at 4 o'clock to
take them to Searsville. Those having
gym classes at that hour will report
at Roble gymnasium and will be taken
out from there in private cars to the
meeting.
Women will be excused only if they
sign up in the gymnasium and attend
the meeting, stated Mrs. Ruth Calvin,
acting head of the women's physical
education department. Check will be
made at Searsville on those excused
from gym classes.
Marie Manchee, president of W.A.A.,
will speak at the meeting and will lead
the discussion as to whether there
should be a $2 assessment on each
woman for the lodge, or whether the
money should be raised by drives on
the campus. This was proposed by the
Board of Governors of W.A.A. at its
last meeting.
Besides the discussion, there will
also be a short entertainment program.
W.A.A. will hold an open meting at
Searsville lake Wednesday afternoon
at 4 o'clock to discuss the proposed
lodge for Stanford women to be situ
ated there.
Trucks will call for the women on
the Row and at Roble at 4 o'clock to
take them to Searsville. Those having
gym classes at that hour will report
at Roble gymnasium and will be taken
out from there in private cars to the
meeting.
Women will be excused only if they
sign up in the gymnasium and attend
the meeting, stated Mrs. Ruth Calvin,
acting head of the women's physical
education department. Check will be
made at Searsville on those excused
from gym classes.
Marie Manchee, president of W.A.A.,
will speak at the meeting and will lead
the discussion as to whether there
should be a $2 assessment on each
woman for the lodge, or whether the
money should be raised by drives on
the campus. This was proposed by the
Board of Governors of W.A.A. at its
last meeting.
Besides the discussion, there will
also be a short entertainment program.
W.A.A. will hold an open meting at
Searsville lake Wednesday afternoon
at 4 o'clock to discuss the proposed
lodge for Stanford women to be situ
ated there.
Trucks will call for the women on
the Row and at Roble at 4 o'clock to
take them to Searsville. Those having
gym classes at that hour will report
at Roble gymnasium and will be taken
out from there in private cars to the
meeting.
Women will be excused only if they
sign up in the gymnasium and attend
the meeting, stated Mrs. Ruth Calvin,
acting head of the women's physical
education department. Check will be
made at Searsville on those excused
from gym classes.
Marie Manchee, president of W.A.A.,
will speak at the meeting and will lead
the discussion as to whether there
should be a $2 assessment on each
woman for the lodge, or whether the
money should be raised by drives on
the campus. This was proposed by the
Board of Governors of W.A.A. at its
last meeting.
Besides the discussion, there will
also be a short entertainment program.
W.A.A. will hold an open meting at
Searsville lake Wednesday afternoon
at 4 o'clock to discuss the proposed
lodge for Stanford women to be situ
ated there.
Trucks will call for the women on
the Row and at Roble at 4 o'clock to
take them to Searsville. Those having
gym classes at that hour will report
at Roble gymnasium and will be taken
out from there in private cars to the
meeting.
Women will be excused only if they
sign up in the gymnasium and attend
the meeting, stated Mrs. Ruth Calvin,
acting head of the women's physical
education department. Check will be
made at Searsville on those excused
from gym classes.
Marie Manchee, president of W.A.A.,
will speak at the meeting and will lead
the discussion as to whether there
should be a $2 assessment on each
woman for the lodge, or whether the
money should be raised by drives on
the campus. This was proposed by the
Board of Governors of W.A.A. at its
last meeting.
Besides the discussion, there will
also be a short entertainment program.
W.A.A. will hold an open meting at
Searsville lake Wednesday afternoon
at 4 o'clock to discuss the proposed
lodge for Stanford women to be situ
ated there.
Trucks will call for the women on
the Row and at Roble at 4 o'clock to
take them to Searsville. Those having
gym classes at that hour will report
at Roble gymnasium and will be taken
out from there in private cars to the
meeting.
Women will be excused only if they
sign up in the gymnasium and attend
the meeting, stated Mrs. Ruth Calvin,
acting head of the women's physical
education department. Check will be
made at Searsville on those excused
from gym classes.
Marie Manchee, president of W.A.A.,
will speak at the meeting and will lead
the discussion as to whether there
should be a $2 assessment on each
woman for the lodge, or whether the
money should be raised by drives on
the campus. This was proposed by the
Board of Governors of W.A.A. at its
last meeting.
Besides the discussion, there will
also be a short entertainment program.
W.A.A. will hold an open meting at
Searsville lake Wednesday afternoon
at 4 o'clock to discuss the proposed
lodge for Stanford women to be situ
ated there.
Trucks will call for the women on
the Row and at Roble at 4 o'clock to
take them to Searsville. Those having
gym classes at that hour will report
at Roble gymnasium and will be taken
out from there in private cars to the
meeting.
Women will be excused only if they
sign up in the gymnasium and attend
the meeting, stated Mrs. Ruth Calvin,
acting head of the women's physical
education department. Check will be
made at Searsville on those excused
from gym classes.
Marie Manchee, president of W.A.A.,
will speak at the meeting and will lead
the discussion as to whether there
should be a $2 assessment on each
woman for the lodge, or whether the
money should be raised by drives on
the campus. This was proposed by the
Board of Governors of W.A.A. at its
last meeting.
Besides the discussion, there will
also be a short entertainment program.
W.A.A. will hold an open meting at
Searsville lake Wednesday afternoon
at 4 o'clock to discuss the proposed
lodge for Stanford women to be situ
ated there.
Trucks will call for the women on
the Row and at Roble at 4 o'clock to
take them to Searsville. Those having
gym classes at that hour will report
at Roble gymnasium and will be taken
out from there in private cars to the
meeting.
Women will be excused only if they
sign up in the gymnasium and attend
the meeting, stated Mrs. Ruth Calvin,
acting head of the women's physical
education department. Check will be
made at Searsville on those excused
from gym classes.
Marie Manchee, president of W.A.A.,
will speak at the meeting and will lead
the discussion as to whether there
should be a $2 assessment on each
woman for the lodge, or whether the
money should be raised by drives on
the campus. This was proposed by the
Board of Governors of W.A.A. at its
last meeting.
Besides the discussion, there will
also be a short entertainment program.
W.A.A. will hold an open meting at
Searsville lake Wednesday afternoon
at 4 o'clock to discuss the proposed
lodge for Stanford women to be situ
ated there.
Trucks will call for the women on
the Row and at Roble at 4 o'clock to
take them to Searsville. Those having
gym classes at that hour will report
at Roble gymnasium and will be taken
out from there in private cars to the
meeting.
Women will be excused only if they
sign up in the gymnasium and attend
the meeting, stated Mrs. Ruth Calvin,
acting head of the women's physical
education department. Check will be
made at Searsville on those excused
from gym classes.
Marie Manchee, president of W.A.A.,
will speak at the meeting and will lead
the discussion as to whether there
should be a $2 assessment on each
woman for the lodge, or whether the
money should be raised by drives on
the campus. This was proposed by the
Board of Governors of W.A.A. at its
last meeting.
Besides the discussion, there will
also be a short entertainment program.
W.A.A. will hold an open meting at
Searsville lake Wednesday afternoon
at 4 o'clock to discuss the proposed
lodge for Stanford women to be situ
ated there.
Trucks will call for the women on
the Row and at Roble at 4 o'clock to
take them to Searsville. Those having
gym classes at that hour will report
at Roble gymnasium and will be taken
out from there in private cars to the
meeting.
Women will be excused only if they
sign up in the gymnasium and attend
the meeting, stated Mrs. Ruth Calvin,
acting head of the women's physical
education department. Check will be
made at Searsville on those excused
from gym classes.
Marie Manchee, president of W.A.A.,
will speak at the meeting and will lead
the discussion as to whether there
should be a $2 assessment on each
woman for the lodge, or whether the
money should be raised by drives on
the campus. This was proposed by the
Board of Governors of W.A.A. at its
last meeting.
Besides the discussion, there will
also be a short entertainment program.
W.A.A. will hold an open meting at
Searsville lake Wednesday afternoon
at 4 o'clock to discuss the proposed
lodge for Stanford women to be situ
ated there.
Trucks will call for the women on
the Row and at Roble at 4 o'clock to
take them to Searsville. Those having
gym classes at that hour will report
at Roble gymnasium and will be taken
out from there in private cars to the
meeting.
Women will be excused only if they
sign up in the gymnasium and attend
the meeting, stated Mrs. Ruth Calvin,
acting head of the women's physical
education department. Check will be
made at Searsville on those excused
from gym classes.
Marie Manchee, president of W.A.A.,
will speak at the meeting and will lead
the discussion as to whether there
should be a $2 assessment on each
woman for the lodge, or whether the
money should be raised by drives on
the campus. This was proposed by the
Board of Governors of W.A.A. at its
last meeting.
Besides the discussion, there will
also be a short entertainment program.
