# Ship Purchase Bill Deferred.
## 
### 
Washington, Sept. 29. —Administra-
tion supporters announce that action
on the thirty-million-dollar ship pur
chase bill will he deferred until De
cember.
Washington, Sept. 29. —Administra-
tion supporters announce that action
on the thirty-million-dollar ship pur
chase bill will he deferred until De
cember.
Washington, Sept. 29. —Administra-
tion supporters announce that action
on the thirty-million-dollar ship pur
chase bill will he deferred until De
cember.
Washington, Sept. 29. —Administra-
tion supporters announce that action
on the thirty-million-dollar ship pur
chase bill will he deferred until De
cember.
Washington, Sept. 29. —Administra-
tion supporters announce that action
on the thirty-million-dollar ship pur
chase bill will he deferred until De
cember.
Washington, Sept. 29. —Administra-
tion supporters announce that action
on the thirty-million-dollar ship pur
chase bill will he deferred until De
cember.
Washington, Sept. 29. —Administra-
tion supporters announce that action
on the thirty-million-dollar ship pur
chase bill will he deferred until De
cember.
Washington, Sept. 29. —Administra-
tion supporters announce that action
on the thirty-million-dollar ship pur
chase bill will he deferred until De
cember.
Washington, Sept. 29. —Administra-
tion supporters announce that action
on the thirty-million-dollar ship pur
chase bill will he deferred until De
cember.
Washington, Sept. 29. —Administra-
tion supporters announce that action
on the thirty-million-dollar ship pur
chase bill will he deferred until De
cember.
Washington, Sept. 29. —Administra-
tion supporters announce that action
on the thirty-million-dollar ship pur
chase bill will he deferred until De
cember.
Washington, Sept. 29. —Administra-
tion supporters announce that action
on the thirty-million-dollar ship pur
chase bill will he deferred until De
cember.
Washington, Sept. 29. —Administra-
tion supporters announce that action
on the thirty-million-dollar ship pur
chase bill will he deferred until De
cember.
Washington, Sept. 29. —Administra-
tion supporters announce that action
on the thirty-million-dollar ship pur
chase bill will he deferred until De
cember.
