# Beal Appointed Geology Assistant.
## 
### 
C. H. Heal, '13, has ben appointed
assistant to Dr. Branner in the Geol
ogy and Mining Department. Since re
ceiving the degree of Bachelor of Arts
at Stanford Ileal has been engaged in
practical geological work. Heal
studied geologic formations in Coalin
ga and Los Angeles oil fields. More re
cently he has been busy with geologic
reconnaissance study in Canada.
C. H. Heal, '13, has ben appointed
assistant to Dr. Branner in the Geol
ogy and Mining Department. Since re
ceiving the degree of Bachelor of Arts
at Stanford Ileal has been engaged in
practical geological work. Heal
studied geologic formations in Coalin
ga and Los Angeles oil fields. More re
cently he has been busy with geologic
reconnaissance study in Canada.
C. H. Heal, '13, has ben appointed
assistant to Dr. Branner in the Geol
ogy and Mining Department. Since re
ceiving the degree of Bachelor of Arts
at Stanford Ileal has been engaged in
practical geological work. Heal
studied geologic formations in Coalin
ga and Los Angeles oil fields. More re
cently he has been busy with geologic
reconnaissance study in Canada.
C. H. Heal, '13, has ben appointed
assistant to Dr. Branner in the Geol
ogy and Mining Department. Since re
ceiving the degree of Bachelor of Arts
at Stanford Ileal has been engaged in
practical geological work. Heal
studied geologic formations in Coalin
ga and Los Angeles oil fields. More re
cently he has been busy with geologic
reconnaissance study in Canada.
C. H. Heal, '13, has ben appointed
assistant to Dr. Branner in the Geol
ogy and Mining Department. Since re
ceiving the degree of Bachelor of Arts
at Stanford Ileal has been engaged in
practical geological work. Heal
studied geologic formations in Coalin
ga and Los Angeles oil fields. More re
cently he has been busy with geologic
reconnaissance study in Canada.
C. H. Heal, '13, has ben appointed
assistant to Dr. Branner in the Geol
ogy and Mining Department. Since re
ceiving the degree of Bachelor of Arts
at Stanford Ileal has been engaged in
practical geological work. Heal
studied geologic formations in Coalin
ga and Los Angeles oil fields. More re
cently he has been busy with geologic
reconnaissance study in Canada.
C. H. Heal, '13, has ben appointed
assistant to Dr. Branner in the Geol
ogy and Mining Department. Since re
ceiving the degree of Bachelor of Arts
at Stanford Ileal has been engaged in
practical geological work. Heal
studied geologic formations in Coalin
ga and Los Angeles oil fields. More re
cently he has been busy with geologic
reconnaissance study in Canada.
C. H. Heal, '13, has ben appointed
assistant to Dr. Branner in the Geol
ogy and Mining Department. Since re
ceiving the degree of Bachelor of Arts
at Stanford Ileal has been engaged in
practical geological work. Heal
studied geologic formations in Coalin
ga and Los Angeles oil fields. More re
cently he has been busy with geologic
reconnaissance study in Canada.
C. H. Heal, '13, has ben appointed
assistant to Dr. Branner in the Geol
ogy and Mining Department. Since re
ceiving the degree of Bachelor of Arts
at Stanford Ileal has been engaged in
practical geological work. Heal
studied geologic formations in Coalin
ga and Los Angeles oil fields. More re
cently he has been busy with geologic
reconnaissance study in Canada.
C. H. Heal, '13, has ben appointed
assistant to Dr. Branner in the Geol
ogy and Mining Department. Since re
ceiving the degree of Bachelor of Arts
at Stanford Ileal has been engaged in
practical geological work. Heal
studied geologic formations in Coalin
ga and Los Angeles oil fields. More re
cently he has been busy with geologic
reconnaissance study in Canada.
C. H. Heal, '13, has ben appointed
assistant to Dr. Branner in the Geol
ogy and Mining Department. Since re
ceiving the degree of Bachelor of Arts
at Stanford Ileal has been engaged in
practical geological work. Heal
studied geologic formations in Coalin
ga and Los Angeles oil fields. More re
cently he has been busy with geologic
reconnaissance study in Canada.
C. H. Heal, '13, has ben appointed
assistant to Dr. Branner in the Geol
ogy and Mining Department. Since re
ceiving the degree of Bachelor of Arts
at Stanford Ileal has been engaged in
practical geological work. Heal
studied geologic formations in Coalin
ga and Los Angeles oil fields. More re
cently he has been busy with geologic
reconnaissance study in Canada.
C. H. Heal, '13, has ben appointed
assistant to Dr. Branner in the Geol
ogy and Mining Department. Since re
ceiving the degree of Bachelor of Arts
at Stanford Ileal has been engaged in
practical geological work. Heal
studied geologic formations in Coalin
ga and Los Angeles oil fields. More re
cently he has been busy with geologic
reconnaissance study in Canada.
C. H. Heal, '13, has ben appointed
assistant to Dr. Branner in the Geol
ogy and Mining Department. Since re
ceiving the degree of Bachelor of Arts
at Stanford Ileal has been engaged in
practical geological work. Heal
studied geologic formations in Coalin
ga and Los Angeles oil fields. More re
cently he has been busy with geologic
reconnaissance study in Canada.
