# HUMAN STRENGTH FAILS
## 
### 
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Sept. 29. —The flanking move
ment on our left is slowly gaining
headway, according to reports from
headquarters at Bordeaux. There is
continuous fighting in the Aisne dis
trict and on the heights of Meuse, but
quiet reigns everywhere else, as a re
sult of the exhaustion of the troops.
It is reported that the Germans have
renewed operations in Upper Alsace.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Sept. 29. —The flanking move
ment on our left is slowly gaining
headway, according to reports from
headquarters at Bordeaux. There is
continuous fighting in the Aisne dis
trict and on the heights of Meuse, but
quiet reigns everywhere else, as a re
sult of the exhaustion of the troops.
It is reported that the Germans have
renewed operations in Upper Alsace.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Sept. 29. —The flanking move
ment on our left is slowly gaining
headway, according to reports from
headquarters at Bordeaux. There is
continuous fighting in the Aisne dis
trict and on the heights of Meuse, but
quiet reigns everywhere else, as a re
sult of the exhaustion of the troops.
It is reported that the Germans have
renewed operations in Upper Alsace.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Sept. 29. —The flanking move
ment on our left is slowly gaining
headway, according to reports from
headquarters at Bordeaux. There is
continuous fighting in the Aisne dis
trict and on the heights of Meuse, but
quiet reigns everywhere else, as a re
sult of the exhaustion of the troops.
It is reported that the Germans have
renewed operations in Upper Alsace.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Sept. 29. —The flanking move
ment on our left is slowly gaining
headway, according to reports from
headquarters at Bordeaux. There is
continuous fighting in the Aisne dis
trict and on the heights of Meuse, but
quiet reigns everywhere else, as a re
sult of the exhaustion of the troops.
It is reported that the Germans have
renewed operations in Upper Alsace.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Sept. 29. —The flanking move
ment on our left is slowly gaining
headway, according to reports from
headquarters at Bordeaux. There is
continuous fighting in the Aisne dis
trict and on the heights of Meuse, but
quiet reigns everywhere else, as a re
sult of the exhaustion of the troops.
It is reported that the Germans have
renewed operations in Upper Alsace.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Sept. 29. —The flanking move
ment on our left is slowly gaining
headway, according to reports from
headquarters at Bordeaux. There is
continuous fighting in the Aisne dis
trict and on the heights of Meuse, but
quiet reigns everywhere else, as a re
sult of the exhaustion of the troops.
It is reported that the Germans have
renewed operations in Upper Alsace.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Sept. 29. —The flanking move
ment on our left is slowly gaining
headway, according to reports from
headquarters at Bordeaux. There is
continuous fighting in the Aisne dis
trict and on the heights of Meuse, but
quiet reigns everywhere else, as a re
sult of the exhaustion of the troops.
It is reported that the Germans have
renewed operations in Upper Alsace.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Sept. 29. —The flanking move
ment on our left is slowly gaining
headway, according to reports from
headquarters at Bordeaux. There is
continuous fighting in the Aisne dis
trict and on the heights of Meuse, but
quiet reigns everywhere else, as a re
sult of the exhaustion of the troops.
It is reported that the Germans have
renewed operations in Upper Alsace.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Sept. 29. —The flanking move
ment on our left is slowly gaining
headway, according to reports from
headquarters at Bordeaux. There is
continuous fighting in the Aisne dis
trict and on the heights of Meuse, but
quiet reigns everywhere else, as a re
sult of the exhaustion of the troops.
It is reported that the Germans have
renewed operations in Upper Alsace.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Sept. 29. —The flanking move
ment on our left is slowly gaining
headway, according to reports from
headquarters at Bordeaux. There is
continuous fighting in the Aisne dis
trict and on the heights of Meuse, but
quiet reigns everywhere else, as a re
sult of the exhaustion of the troops.
It is reported that the Germans have
renewed operations in Upper Alsace.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Sept. 29. —The flanking move
ment on our left is slowly gaining
headway, according to reports from
headquarters at Bordeaux. There is
continuous fighting in the Aisne dis
trict and on the heights of Meuse, but
quiet reigns everywhere else, as a re
sult of the exhaustion of the troops.
It is reported that the Germans have
renewed operations in Upper Alsace.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Sept. 29. —The flanking move
ment on our left is slowly gaining
headway, according to reports from
headquarters at Bordeaux. There is
continuous fighting in the Aisne dis
trict and on the heights of Meuse, but
quiet reigns everywhere else, as a re
sult of the exhaustion of the troops.
It is reported that the Germans have
renewed operations in Upper Alsace.
United Press Telegraphic Report
Paris, Sept. 29. —The flanking move
ment on our left is slowly gaining
headway, according to reports from
headquarters at Bordeaux. There is
continuous fighting in the Aisne dis
trict and on the heights of Meuse, but
quiet reigns everywhere else, as a re
sult of the exhaustion of the troops.
It is reported that the Germans have
renewed operations in Upper Alsace.
