# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ok the several species of the
genus fool that inflict themselves
on the University, none is more
odious at this season than the one
who lies in wait for a soaking rain
that he may decorate the baseball
diamond with his foot-prints. It
seems a pity that space should
annually have to lie devoted to ap
parently so trivial a matter, but so
long as we have a class of Fresh
men thrust upon us each year, the
admonition appears necessary. The
effort expended by the student in
going out of his course a little to
reach the gymnasium in wet
weather is not to be compared with
the expense necessary to leveling
the lield. Whoever the malefactor
is he will win the gratitude of his
fellows by keeping off the diamond.
Ok the several species of the
genus fool that inflict themselves
on the University, none is more
odious at this season than the one
who lies in wait for a soaking rain
that he may decorate the baseball
diamond with his foot-prints. It
seems a pity that space should
annually have to lie devoted to ap
parently so trivial a matter, but so
long as we have a class of Fresh
men thrust upon us each year, the
admonition appears necessary. The
effort expended by the student in
going out of his course a little to
reach the gymnasium in wet
weather is not to be compared with
the expense necessary to leveling
the lield. Whoever the malefactor
is he will win the gratitude of his
fellows by keeping off the diamond.
Ok the several species of the
genus fool that inflict themselves
on the University, none is more
odious at this season than the one
who lies in wait for a soaking rain
that he may decorate the baseball
diamond with his foot-prints. It
seems a pity that space should
annually have to lie devoted to ap
parently so trivial a matter, but so
long as we have a class of Fresh
men thrust upon us each year, the
admonition appears necessary. The
effort expended by the student in
going out of his course a little to
reach the gymnasium in wet
weather is not to be compared with
the expense necessary to leveling
the lield. Whoever the malefactor
is he will win the gratitude of his
fellows by keeping off the diamond.
Ok the several species of the
genus fool that inflict themselves
on the University, none is more
odious at this season than the one
who lies in wait for a soaking rain
that he may decorate the baseball
diamond with his foot-prints. It
seems a pity that space should
annually have to lie devoted to ap
parently so trivial a matter, but so
long as we have a class of Fresh
men thrust upon us each year, the
admonition appears necessary. The
effort expended by the student in
going out of his course a little to
reach the gymnasium in wet
weather is not to be compared with
the expense necessary to leveling
the lield. Whoever the malefactor
is he will win the gratitude of his
fellows by keeping off the diamond.
Ok the several species of the
genus fool that inflict themselves
on the University, none is more
odious at this season than the one
who lies in wait for a soaking rain
that he may decorate the baseball
diamond with his foot-prints. It
seems a pity that space should
annually have to lie devoted to ap
parently so trivial a matter, but so
long as we have a class of Fresh
men thrust upon us each year, the
admonition appears necessary. The
effort expended by the student in
going out of his course a little to
reach the gymnasium in wet
weather is not to be compared with
the expense necessary to leveling
the lield. Whoever the malefactor
is he will win the gratitude of his
fellows by keeping off the diamond.
Ok the several species of the
genus fool that inflict themselves
on the University, none is more
odious at this season than the one
who lies in wait for a soaking rain
that he may decorate the baseball
diamond with his foot-prints. It
seems a pity that space should
annually have to lie devoted to ap
parently so trivial a matter, but so
long as we have a class of Fresh
men thrust upon us each year, the
admonition appears necessary. The
effort expended by the student in
going out of his course a little to
reach the gymnasium in wet
weather is not to be compared with
the expense necessary to leveling
the lield. Whoever the malefactor
is he will win the gratitude of his
fellows by keeping off the diamond.
Ok the several species of the
genus fool that inflict themselves
on the University, none is more
odious at this season than the one
who lies in wait for a soaking rain
that he may decorate the baseball
diamond with his foot-prints. It
seems a pity that space should
annually have to lie devoted to ap
parently so trivial a matter, but so
long as we have a class of Fresh
men thrust upon us each year, the
admonition appears necessary. The
effort expended by the student in
going out of his course a little to
reach the gymnasium in wet
weather is not to be compared with
the expense necessary to leveling
the lield. Whoever the malefactor
is he will win the gratitude of his
fellows by keeping off the diamond.
Ok the several species of the
genus fool that inflict themselves
on the University, none is more
odious at this season than the one
who lies in wait for a soaking rain
that he may decorate the baseball
diamond with his foot-prints. It
seems a pity that space should
annually have to lie devoted to ap
parently so trivial a matter, but so
long as we have a class of Fresh
men thrust upon us each year, the
admonition appears necessary. The
effort expended by the student in
going out of his course a little to
reach the gymnasium in wet
weather is not to be compared with
the expense necessary to leveling
the lield. Whoever the malefactor
is he will win the gratitude of his
fellows by keeping off the diamond.
