# Unable to Get Cinders.
## 
### 
Treasurer Edwards explains that
he has itit'ii unable to cinders
for the truck, thus csiusing the de
lay in putting it. into slnipe for
training purposes, liis letters to
\V. li. Krnser, division superinten
dent of the Southern I'm'ilic, and
to l ( ] W. Wort hington, superin
tendent at Third and Townsend
streets, have received no response,
and he can secure no satisfaction
at the main ollice. although he has
heen trying for three weeks to ar
range for the delivery of the
cinders.
Treasurer Edwards explains that
he has itit'ii unable to cinders
for the truck, thus csiusing the de
lay in putting it. into slnipe for
training purposes, liis letters to
\V. li. Krnser, division superinten
dent of the Southern I'm'ilic, and
to l ( ] W. Wort hington, superin
tendent at Third and Townsend
streets, have received no response,
and he can secure no satisfaction
at the main ollice. although he has
heen trying for three weeks to ar
range for the delivery of the
cinders.
Treasurer Edwards explains that
he has itit'ii unable to cinders
for the truck, thus csiusing the de
lay in putting it. into slnipe for
training purposes, liis letters to
\V. li. Krnser, division superinten
dent of the Southern I'm'ilic, and
to l ( ] W. Wort hington, superin
tendent at Third and Townsend
streets, have received no response,
and he can secure no satisfaction
at the main ollice. although he has
heen trying for three weeks to ar
range for the delivery of the
cinders.
Treasurer Edwards explains that
he has itit'ii unable to cinders
for the truck, thus csiusing the de
lay in putting it. into slnipe for
training purposes, liis letters to
\V. li. Krnser, division superinten
dent of the Southern I'm'ilic, and
to l ( ] W. Wort hington, superin
tendent at Third and Townsend
streets, have received no response,
and he can secure no satisfaction
at the main ollice. although he has
heen trying for three weeks to ar
range for the delivery of the
cinders.
Treasurer Edwards explains that
he has itit'ii unable to cinders
for the truck, thus csiusing the de
lay in putting it. into slnipe for
training purposes, liis letters to
\V. li. Krnser, division superinten
dent of the Southern I'm'ilic, and
to l ( ] W. Wort hington, superin
tendent at Third and Townsend
streets, have received no response,
and he can secure no satisfaction
at the main ollice. although he has
heen trying for three weeks to ar
range for the delivery of the
cinders.
Treasurer Edwards explains that
he has itit'ii unable to cinders
for the truck, thus csiusing the de
lay in putting it. into slnipe for
training purposes, liis letters to
\V. li. Krnser, division superinten
dent of the Southern I'm'ilic, and
to l ( ] W. Wort hington, superin
tendent at Third and Townsend
streets, have received no response,
and he can secure no satisfaction
at the main ollice. although he has
heen trying for three weeks to ar
range for the delivery of the
cinders.
Treasurer Edwards explains that
he has itit'ii unable to cinders
for the truck, thus csiusing the de
lay in putting it. into slnipe for
training purposes, liis letters to
\V. li. Krnser, division superinten
dent of the Southern I'm'ilic, and
to l ( ] W. Wort hington, superin
tendent at Third and Townsend
streets, have received no response,
and he can secure no satisfaction
at the main ollice. although he has
heen trying for three weeks to ar
range for the delivery of the
cinders.
Treasurer Edwards explains that
he has itit'ii unable to cinders
for the truck, thus csiusing the de
lay in putting it. into slnipe for
training purposes, liis letters to
\V. li. Krnser, division superinten
dent of the Southern I'm'ilic, and
to l ( ] W. Wort hington, superin
tendent at Third and Townsend
streets, have received no response,
and he can secure no satisfaction
at the main ollice. although he has
heen trying for three weeks to ar
range for the delivery of the
cinders.
