# Quads.
## 
### 
— A larger class thun ever before
has legible red in quick met Imd
Quantitative Analysis, Course 1.
—J. 11. Means,' 92, hsis been sent
!>y a London lirm to examine and
report upon mines in ICaslern Af
rica. lie goes out I>y way of the
Red Sea and will return to London
in April l>y way of Capetown.
— A larger class thun ever before
has legible red in quick met Imd
Quantitative Analysis, Course 1.
—J. 11. Means,' 92, hsis been sent
!>y a London lirm to examine and
report upon mines in ICaslern Af
rica. lie goes out I>y way of the
Red Sea and will return to London
in April l>y way of Capetown.
— A larger class thun ever before
has legible red in quick met Imd
Quantitative Analysis, Course 1.
—J. 11. Means,' 92, hsis been sent
!>y a London lirm to examine and
report upon mines in ICaslern Af
rica. lie goes out I>y way of the
Red Sea and will return to London
in April l>y way of Capetown.
— A larger class thun ever before
has legible red in quick met Imd
Quantitative Analysis, Course 1.
—J. 11. Means,' 92, hsis been sent
!>y a London lirm to examine and
report upon mines in ICaslern Af
rica. lie goes out I>y way of the
Red Sea and will return to London
in April l>y way of Capetown.
— A larger class thun ever before
has legible red in quick met Imd
Quantitative Analysis, Course 1.
—J. 11. Means,' 92, hsis been sent
!>y a London lirm to examine and
report upon mines in ICaslern Af
rica. lie goes out I>y way of the
Red Sea and will return to London
in April l>y way of Capetown.
— A larger class thun ever before
has legible red in quick met Imd
Quantitative Analysis, Course 1.
—J. 11. Means,' 92, hsis been sent
!>y a London lirm to examine and
report upon mines in ICaslern Af
rica. lie goes out I>y way of the
Red Sea and will return to London
in April l>y way of Capetown.
— A larger class thun ever before
has legible red in quick met Imd
Quantitative Analysis, Course 1.
—J. 11. Means,' 92, hsis been sent
!>y a London lirm to examine and
report upon mines in ICaslern Af
rica. lie goes out I>y way of the
Red Sea and will return to London
in April l>y way of Capetown.
— A larger class thun ever before
has legible red in quick met Imd
Quantitative Analysis, Course 1.
—J. 11. Means,' 92, hsis been sent
!>y a London lirm to examine and
report upon mines in ICaslern Af
rica. lie goes out I>y way of the
Red Sea and will return to London
in April l>y way of Capetown.
