# EXCOM
## 
### 
Executive Committee will meet at
7:15 this evening in the Excom room
of the Old Union, according to ASSU
President Barbara White. All stu
dents are invited to attend.
Executive Committee will meet at
7:15 this evening in the Excom room
of the Old Union, according to ASSU
President Barbara White. All stu
dents are invited to attend.
Executive Committee will meet at
7:15 this evening in the Excom room
of the Old Union, according to ASSU
President Barbara White. All stu
dents are invited to attend.
Executive Committee will meet at
7:15 this evening in the Excom room
of the Old Union, according to ASSU
President Barbara White. All stu
dents are invited to attend.
Executive Committee will meet at
7:15 this evening in the Excom room
of the Old Union, according to ASSU
President Barbara White. All stu
dents are invited to attend.
Executive Committee will meet at
7:15 this evening in the Excom room
of the Old Union, according to ASSU
President Barbara White. All stu
dents are invited to attend.
Executive Committee will meet at
7:15 this evening in the Excom room
of the Old Union, according to ASSU
President Barbara White. All stu
dents are invited to attend.
Executive Committee will meet at
7:15 this evening in the Excom room
of the Old Union, according to ASSU
President Barbara White. All stu
dents are invited to attend.
Executive Committee will meet at
7:15 this evening in the Excom room
of the Old Union, according to ASSU
President Barbara White. All stu
dents are invited to attend.
Executive Committee will meet at
7:15 this evening in the Excom room
of the Old Union, according to ASSU
President Barbara White. All stu
dents are invited to attend.
Executive Committee will meet at
7:15 this evening in the Excom room
of the Old Union, according to ASSU
President Barbara White. All stu
dents are invited to attend.
Executive Committee will meet at
7:15 this evening in the Excom room
of the Old Union, according to ASSU
President Barbara White. All stu
dents are invited to attend.
Executive Committee will meet at
7:15 this evening in the Excom room
of the Old Union, according to ASSU
President Barbara White. All stu
dents are invited to attend.
Executive Committee will meet at
7:15 this evening in the Excom room
of the Old Union, according to ASSU
President Barbara White. All stu
dents are invited to attend.
Executive Committee will meet at
7:15 this evening in the Excom room
of the Old Union, according to ASSU
President Barbara White. All stu
dents are invited to attend.
