# NOVEMBER CARDINAL WILL FEATURE PLAY BY DRAMATIC COACH
## 
### 
Gordon Davis, Stanford's veteran
dramatic coach, is seen in a new role
in the November issue of the Cardinal
as a playwright. Many of Davis's plays
have been produced on the stage, but
none have previously been published.
The November Cardinal, which will
make its appearance on the campus dur
ing the latter part of the week, con
tains the first published play of the
dramatic coach. "Going Home" is the
title of the sensational Davis play.
Can the number in our prisons be
reduced by eliminating the mentally
unfit? What is the relation between
criminality and mental deficiency?
These questions are analyzed and an
swered by Herbert Popenoe in the forth
coming Cardinal. Racial traits and
antagonisms play a large part in de
veloping or checking criminality. Pope
noe treaty of theJe aspects of the ques
tion in discussing the negroes of the
South and the Orientals in California.
Gordon Davis, Stanford's veteran
dramatic coach, is seen in a new role
in the November issue of the Cardinal
as a playwright. Many of Davis's plays
have been produced on the stage, but
none have previously been published.
The November Cardinal, which will
make its appearance on the campus dur
ing the latter part of the week, con
tains the first published play of the
dramatic coach. "Going Home" is the
title of the sensational Davis play.
Can the number in our prisons be
reduced by eliminating the mentally
unfit? What is the relation between
criminality and mental deficiency?
These questions are analyzed and an
swered by Herbert Popenoe in the forth
coming Cardinal. Racial traits and
antagonisms play a large part in de
veloping or checking criminality. Pope
noe treaty of theJe aspects of the ques
tion in discussing the negroes of the
South and the Orientals in California.
Gordon Davis, Stanford's veteran
dramatic coach, is seen in a new role
in the November issue of the Cardinal
as a playwright. Many of Davis's plays
have been produced on the stage, but
none have previously been published.
The November Cardinal, which will
make its appearance on the campus dur
ing the latter part of the week, con
tains the first published play of the
dramatic coach. "Going Home" is the
title of the sensational Davis play.
Can the number in our prisons be
reduced by eliminating the mentally
unfit? What is the relation between
criminality and mental deficiency?
These questions are analyzed and an
swered by Herbert Popenoe in the forth
coming Cardinal. Racial traits and
antagonisms play a large part in de
veloping or checking criminality. Pope
noe treaty of theJe aspects of the ques
tion in discussing the negroes of the
South and the Orientals in California.
Gordon Davis, Stanford's veteran
dramatic coach, is seen in a new role
in the November issue of the Cardinal
as a playwright. Many of Davis's plays
have been produced on the stage, but
none have previously been published.
The November Cardinal, which will
make its appearance on the campus dur
ing the latter part of the week, con
tains the first published play of the
dramatic coach. "Going Home" is the
title of the sensational Davis play.
Can the number in our prisons be
reduced by eliminating the mentally
unfit? What is the relation between
criminality and mental deficiency?
These questions are analyzed and an
swered by Herbert Popenoe in the forth
coming Cardinal. Racial traits and
antagonisms play a large part in de
veloping or checking criminality. Pope
noe treaty of theJe aspects of the ques
tion in discussing the negroes of the
South and the Orientals in California.
Gordon Davis, Stanford's veteran
dramatic coach, is seen in a new role
in the November issue of the Cardinal
as a playwright. Many of Davis's plays
have been produced on the stage, but
none have previously been published.
The November Cardinal, which will
make its appearance on the campus dur
ing the latter part of the week, con
tains the first published play of the
dramatic coach. "Going Home" is the
title of the sensational Davis play.
Can the number in our prisons be
reduced by eliminating the mentally
unfit? What is the relation between
criminality and mental deficiency?
These questions are analyzed and an
swered by Herbert Popenoe in the forth
coming Cardinal. Racial traits and
antagonisms play a large part in de
veloping or checking criminality. Pope
noe treaty of theJe aspects of the ques
tion in discussing the negroes of the
South and the Orientals in California.
Gordon Davis, Stanford's veteran
dramatic coach, is seen in a new role
in the November issue of the Cardinal
as a playwright. Many of Davis's plays
have been produced on the stage, but
none have previously been published.
The November Cardinal, which will
make its appearance on the campus dur
ing the latter part of the week, con
tains the first published play of the
dramatic coach. "Going Home" is the
title of the sensational Davis play.
Can the number in our prisons be
reduced by eliminating the mentally
unfit? What is the relation between
criminality and mental deficiency?
These questions are analyzed and an
swered by Herbert Popenoe in the forth
coming Cardinal. Racial traits and
antagonisms play a large part in de
veloping or checking criminality. Pope
noe treaty of theJe aspects of the ques
tion in discussing the negroes of the
South and the Orientals in California.
Gordon Davis, Stanford's veteran
dramatic coach, is seen in a new role
in the November issue of the Cardinal
as a playwright. Many of Davis's plays
have been produced on the stage, but
none have previously been published.
The November Cardinal, which will
make its appearance on the campus dur
ing the latter part of the week, con
tains the first published play of the
dramatic coach. "Going Home" is the
title of the sensational Davis play.
Can the number in our prisons be
reduced by eliminating the mentally
unfit? What is the relation between
criminality and mental deficiency?
These questions are analyzed and an
swered by Herbert Popenoe in the forth
coming Cardinal. Racial traits and
antagonisms play a large part in de
veloping or checking criminality. Pope
noe treaty of theJe aspects of the ques
tion in discussing the negroes of the
South and the Orientals in California.
Gordon Davis, Stanford's veteran
dramatic coach, is seen in a new role
in the November issue of the Cardinal
as a playwright. Many of Davis's plays
have been produced on the stage, but
none have previously been published.
The November Cardinal, which will
make its appearance on the campus dur
ing the latter part of the week, con
tains the first published play of the
dramatic coach. "Going Home" is the
title of the sensational Davis play.
Can the number in our prisons be
reduced by eliminating the mentally
unfit? What is the relation between
criminality and mental deficiency?
These questions are analyzed and an
swered by Herbert Popenoe in the forth
coming Cardinal. Racial traits and
antagonisms play a large part in de
veloping or checking criminality. Pope
noe treaty of theJe aspects of the ques
tion in discussing the negroes of the
South and the Orientals in California.
Gordon Davis, Stanford's veteran
dramatic coach, is seen in a new role
in the November issue of the Cardinal
as a playwright. Many of Davis's plays
have been produced on the stage, but
none have previously been published.
The November Cardinal, which will
make its appearance on the campus dur
ing the latter part of the week, con
tains the first published play of the
dramatic coach. "Going Home" is the
title of the sensational Davis play.
Can the number in our prisons be
reduced by eliminating the mentally
unfit? What is the relation between
criminality and mental deficiency?
These questions are analyzed and an
swered by Herbert Popenoe in the forth
coming Cardinal. Racial traits and
antagonisms play a large part in de
veloping or checking criminality. Pope
noe treaty of theJe aspects of the ques
tion in discussing the negroes of the
South and the Orientals in California.
Gordon Davis, Stanford's veteran
dramatic coach, is seen in a new role
in the November issue of the Cardinal
as a playwright. Many of Davis's plays
have been produced on the stage, but
none have previously been published.
The November Cardinal, which will
make its appearance on the campus dur
ing the latter part of the week, con
tains the first published play of the
dramatic coach. "Going Home" is the
title of the sensational Davis play.
Can the number in our prisons be
reduced by eliminating the mentally
unfit? What is the relation between
criminality and mental deficiency?
These questions are analyzed and an
swered by Herbert Popenoe in the forth
coming Cardinal. Racial traits and
antagonisms play a large part in de
veloping or checking criminality. Pope
noe treaty of theJe aspects of the ques
tion in discussing the negroes of the
South and the Orientals in California.
Gordon Davis, Stanford's veteran
dramatic coach, is seen in a new role
in the November issue of the Cardinal
as a playwright. Many of Davis's plays
have been produced on the stage, but
none have previously been published.
The November Cardinal, which will
make its appearance on the campus dur
ing the latter part of the week, con
tains the first published play of the
dramatic coach. "Going Home" is the
title of the sensational Davis play.
Can the number in our prisons be
reduced by eliminating the mentally
unfit? What is the relation between
criminality and mental deficiency?
These questions are analyzed and an
swered by Herbert Popenoe in the forth
coming Cardinal. Racial traits and
antagonisms play a large part in de
veloping or checking criminality. Pope
noe treaty of theJe aspects of the ques
tion in discussing the negroes of the
South and the Orientals in California.
Gordon Davis, Stanford's veteran
dramatic coach, is seen in a new role
in the November issue of the Cardinal
as a playwright. Many of Davis's plays
have been produced on the stage, but
none have previously been published.
The November Cardinal, which will
make its appearance on the campus dur
ing the latter part of the week, con
tains the first published play of the
dramatic coach. "Going Home" is the
title of the sensational Davis play.
Can the number in our prisons be
reduced by eliminating the mentally
unfit? What is the relation between
criminality and mental deficiency?
These questions are analyzed and an
swered by Herbert Popenoe in the forth
coming Cardinal. Racial traits and
antagonisms play a large part in de
veloping or checking criminality. Pope
noe treaty of theJe aspects of the ques
tion in discussing the negroes of the
South and the Orientals in California.
Gordon Davis, Stanford's veteran
dramatic coach, is seen in a new role
in the November issue of the Cardinal
as a playwright. Many of Davis's plays
have been produced on the stage, but
none have previously been published.
The November Cardinal, which will
make its appearance on the campus dur
ing the latter part of the week, con
tains the first published play of the
dramatic coach. "Going Home" is the
title of the sensational Davis play.
Can the number in our prisons be
reduced by eliminating the mentally
unfit? What is the relation between
criminality and mental deficiency?
These questions are analyzed and an
swered by Herbert Popenoe in the forth
coming Cardinal. Racial traits and
antagonisms play a large part in de
veloping or checking criminality. Pope
noe treaty of theJe aspects of the ques
tion in discussing the negroes of the
South and the Orientals in California.
