# CHESS CHAMPION WILL MEET STANFORD TEAM
## 
### 
Frederick Pelouze, Pacific Coast
Chess Clnmpioi , and former cham
pion of the State of Illinois, will play
the entire Stanford chess team si
multaneously, tomorrow night, at 7:30
in the library of the men's unjon, ac
cording to announcement today by
President Mueller of the chess club.
Mr. Pelouze, who is the father of
Hobby Pelouze, varsity football star,
recently defeated twelve of the best
players in San Francisco at the
Olympic Club and some time ago won
from Laska, the westeri-. United
States champion.
Simultaneous chess is a Very dif
ficult form of play, for in that game
one man opposes his own wits against
those of several other. Mr. Pelouze
is expected to come out victorious
although Ricliter and Anthony may
give him a close battle.
Those interested in chess are invited
to attend the tournament. Chess en
thusiasts will have ample opportunity
to learn new methods of attack by
watching the games.
Frederick Pelouze, Pacific Coast
Chess Clnmpioi , and former cham
pion of the State of Illinois, will play
the entire Stanford chess team si
multaneously, tomorrow night, at 7:30
in the library of the men's unjon, ac
cording to announcement today by
President Mueller of the chess club.
Mr. Pelouze, who is the father of
Hobby Pelouze, varsity football star,
recently defeated twelve of the best
players in San Francisco at the
Olympic Club and some time ago won
from Laska, the westeri-. United
States champion.
Simultaneous chess is a Very dif
ficult form of play, for in that game
one man opposes his own wits against
those of several other. Mr. Pelouze
is expected to come out victorious
although Ricliter and Anthony may
give him a close battle.
Those interested in chess are invited
to attend the tournament. Chess en
thusiasts will have ample opportunity
to learn new methods of attack by
watching the games.
Frederick Pelouze, Pacific Coast
Chess Clnmpioi , and former cham
pion of the State of Illinois, will play
the entire Stanford chess team si
multaneously, tomorrow night, at 7:30
in the library of the men's unjon, ac
cording to announcement today by
President Mueller of the chess club.
Mr. Pelouze, who is the father of
Hobby Pelouze, varsity football star,
recently defeated twelve of the best
players in San Francisco at the
Olympic Club and some time ago won
from Laska, the westeri-. United
States champion.
Simultaneous chess is a Very dif
ficult form of play, for in that game
one man opposes his own wits against
those of several other. Mr. Pelouze
is expected to come out victorious
although Ricliter and Anthony may
give him a close battle.
Those interested in chess are invited
to attend the tournament. Chess en
thusiasts will have ample opportunity
to learn new methods of attack by
watching the games.
Frederick Pelouze, Pacific Coast
Chess Clnmpioi , and former cham
pion of the State of Illinois, will play
the entire Stanford chess team si
multaneously, tomorrow night, at 7:30
in the library of the men's unjon, ac
cording to announcement today by
President Mueller of the chess club.
Mr. Pelouze, who is the father of
Hobby Pelouze, varsity football star,
recently defeated twelve of the best
players in San Francisco at the
Olympic Club and some time ago won
from Laska, the westeri-. United
States champion.
Simultaneous chess is a Very dif
ficult form of play, for in that game
one man opposes his own wits against
those of several other. Mr. Pelouze
is expected to come out victorious
although Ricliter and Anthony may
give him a close battle.
Those interested in chess are invited
to attend the tournament. Chess en
thusiasts will have ample opportunity
to learn new methods of attack by
watching the games.
Frederick Pelouze, Pacific Coast
Chess Clnmpioi , and former cham
pion of the State of Illinois, will play
the entire Stanford chess team si
multaneously, tomorrow night, at 7:30
in the library of the men's unjon, ac
cording to announcement today by
President Mueller of the chess club.
Mr. Pelouze, who is the father of
Hobby Pelouze, varsity football star,
recently defeated twelve of the best
players in San Francisco at the
Olympic Club and some time ago won
from Laska, the westeri-. United
States champion.
Simultaneous chess is a Very dif
ficult form of play, for in that game
one man opposes his own wits against
those of several other. Mr. Pelouze
is expected to come out victorious
although Ricliter and Anthony may
give him a close battle.
Those interested in chess are invited
to attend the tournament. Chess en
thusiasts will have ample opportunity
to learn new methods of attack by
watching the games.
Frederick Pelouze, Pacific Coast
Chess Clnmpioi , and former cham
pion of the State of Illinois, will play
the entire Stanford chess team si
multaneously, tomorrow night, at 7:30
in the library of the men's unjon, ac
cording to announcement today by
President Mueller of the chess club.
Mr. Pelouze, who is the father of
Hobby Pelouze, varsity football star,
recently defeated twelve of the best
players in San Francisco at the
Olympic Club and some time ago won
from Laska, the westeri-. United
States champion.
Simultaneous chess is a Very dif
ficult form of play, for in that game
one man opposes his own wits against
those of several other. Mr. Pelouze
is expected to come out victorious
although Ricliter and Anthony may
give him a close battle.
Those interested in chess are invited
to attend the tournament. Chess en
thusiasts will have ample opportunity
to learn new methods of attack by
watching the games.
Frederick Pelouze, Pacific Coast
Chess Clnmpioi , and former cham
pion of the State of Illinois, will play
the entire Stanford chess team si
multaneously, tomorrow night, at 7:30
in the library of the men's unjon, ac
cording to announcement today by
President Mueller of the chess club.
Mr. Pelouze, who is the father of
Hobby Pelouze, varsity football star,
recently defeated twelve of the best
players in San Francisco at the
Olympic Club and some time ago won
from Laska, the westeri-. United
States champion.
Simultaneous chess is a Very dif
ficult form of play, for in that game
one man opposes his own wits against
those of several other. Mr. Pelouze
is expected to come out victorious
although Ricliter and Anthony may
give him a close battle.
Those interested in chess are invited
to attend the tournament. Chess en
thusiasts will have ample opportunity
to learn new methods of attack by
watching the games.
Frederick Pelouze, Pacific Coast
Chess Clnmpioi , and former cham
pion of the State of Illinois, will play
the entire Stanford chess team si
multaneously, tomorrow night, at 7:30
in the library of the men's unjon, ac
cording to announcement today by
President Mueller of the chess club.
Mr. Pelouze, who is the father of
Hobby Pelouze, varsity football star,
recently defeated twelve of the best
players in San Francisco at the
Olympic Club and some time ago won
from Laska, the westeri-. United
States champion.
Simultaneous chess is a Very dif
ficult form of play, for in that game
one man opposes his own wits against
those of several other. Mr. Pelouze
is expected to come out victorious
although Ricliter and Anthony may
give him a close battle.
Those interested in chess are invited
to attend the tournament. Chess en
thusiasts will have ample opportunity
to learn new methods of attack by
watching the games.
Frederick Pelouze, Pacific Coast
Chess Clnmpioi , and former cham
pion of the State of Illinois, will play
the entire Stanford chess team si
multaneously, tomorrow night, at 7:30
in the library of the men's unjon, ac
cording to announcement today by
President Mueller of the chess club.
Mr. Pelouze, who is the father of
Hobby Pelouze, varsity football star,
recently defeated twelve of the best
players in San Francisco at the
Olympic Club and some time ago won
from Laska, the westeri-. United
States champion.
Simultaneous chess is a Very dif
ficult form of play, for in that game
one man opposes his own wits against
those of several other. Mr. Pelouze
is expected to come out victorious
although Ricliter and Anthony may
give him a close battle.
Those interested in chess are invited
to attend the tournament. Chess en
thusiasts will have ample opportunity
to learn new methods of attack by
watching the games.
Frederick Pelouze, Pacific Coast
Chess Clnmpioi , and former cham
pion of the State of Illinois, will play
the entire Stanford chess team si
multaneously, tomorrow night, at 7:30
in the library of the men's unjon, ac
cording to announcement today by
President Mueller of the chess club.
Mr. Pelouze, who is the father of
Hobby Pelouze, varsity football star,
recently defeated twelve of the best
players in San Francisco at the
Olympic Club and some time ago won
from Laska, the westeri-. United
States champion.
Simultaneous chess is a Very dif
ficult form of play, for in that game
one man opposes his own wits against
those of several other. Mr. Pelouze
is expected to come out victorious
although Ricliter and Anthony may
give him a close battle.
Those interested in chess are invited
to attend the tournament. Chess en
thusiasts will have ample opportunity
to learn new methods of attack by
watching the games.
Frederick Pelouze, Pacific Coast
Chess Clnmpioi , and former cham
pion of the State of Illinois, will play
the entire Stanford chess team si
multaneously, tomorrow night, at 7:30
in the library of the men's unjon, ac
cording to announcement today by
President Mueller of the chess club.
Mr. Pelouze, who is the father of
Hobby Pelouze, varsity football star,
recently defeated twelve of the best
players in San Francisco at the
Olympic Club and some time ago won
from Laska, the westeri-. United
States champion.
Simultaneous chess is a Very dif
ficult form of play, for in that game
one man opposes his own wits against
those of several other. Mr. Pelouze
is expected to come out victorious
although Ricliter and Anthony may
give him a close battle.
Those interested in chess are invited
to attend the tournament. Chess en
thusiasts will have ample opportunity
to learn new methods of attack by
watching the games.
Frederick Pelouze, Pacific Coast
Chess Clnmpioi , and former cham
pion of the State of Illinois, will play
the entire Stanford chess team si
multaneously, tomorrow night, at 7:30
in the library of the men's unjon, ac
cording to announcement today by
President Mueller of the chess club.
Mr. Pelouze, who is the father of
Hobby Pelouze, varsity football star,
recently defeated twelve of the best
players in San Francisco at the
Olympic Club and some time ago won
from Laska, the westeri-. United
States champion.
Simultaneous chess is a Very dif
ficult form of play, for in that game
one man opposes his own wits against
those of several other. Mr. Pelouze
is expected to come out victorious
although Ricliter and Anthony may
give him a close battle.
Those interested in chess are invited
to attend the tournament. Chess en
thusiasts will have ample opportunity
to learn new methods of attack by
watching the games.
Frederick Pelouze, Pacific Coast
Chess Clnmpioi , and former cham
pion of the State of Illinois, will play
the entire Stanford chess team si
multaneously, tomorrow night, at 7:30
in the library of the men's unjon, ac
cording to announcement today by
President Mueller of the chess club.
Mr. Pelouze, who is the father of
Hobby Pelouze, varsity football star,
recently defeated twelve of the best
players in San Francisco at the
Olympic Club and some time ago won
from Laska, the westeri-. United
States champion.
Simultaneous chess is a Very dif
ficult form of play, for in that game
one man opposes his own wits against
those of several other. Mr. Pelouze
is expected to come out victorious
although Ricliter and Anthony may
give him a close battle.
Those interested in chess are invited
to attend the tournament. Chess en
thusiasts will have ample opportunity
to learn new methods of attack by
watching the games.
