# Y.W.C.A. ENTERTAINS NEW WOMEN TONIGHT
## 
### 
Freshmen women will publicly sponsor
their changes tonight at the conference
party given for new women by the fresh
men class from 7:15 to 9:30 in tbe Wo
men's Clubhouse. Miss Yost and Dr.
Mosher will speak briefly to the women
and a short program will be given. Ruth
Snedden and Millison Hardy have charge
of the program and refreshments respec
tively. It is planned that the different
classes take turns henceforth in giving
conference parties.
Quad clothes will be in order.
Freshmen women this quarter are for
the first time acting as sponsors and
general protectors of the new women
entering the University. Formerly the
older women liave sponsored the new
comers but it was decided this quarter to
place the responsibility upon the first
year women since they have more oppor
tunities for close contact in the hall.
Freshmen women will publicly sponsor
their changes tonight at the conference
party given for new women by the fresh
men class from 7:15 to 9:30 in tbe Wo
men's Clubhouse. Miss Yost and Dr.
Mosher will speak briefly to the women
and a short program will be given. Ruth
Snedden and Millison Hardy have charge
of the program and refreshments respec
tively. It is planned that the different
classes take turns henceforth in giving
conference parties.
Quad clothes will be in order.
Freshmen women this quarter are for
the first time acting as sponsors and
general protectors of the new women
entering the University. Formerly the
older women liave sponsored the new
comers but it was decided this quarter to
place the responsibility upon the first
year women since they have more oppor
tunities for close contact in the hall.
Freshmen women will publicly sponsor
their changes tonight at the conference
party given for new women by the fresh
men class from 7:15 to 9:30 in tbe Wo
men's Clubhouse. Miss Yost and Dr.
Mosher will speak briefly to the women
and a short program will be given. Ruth
Snedden and Millison Hardy have charge
of the program and refreshments respec
tively. It is planned that the different
classes take turns henceforth in giving
conference parties.
Quad clothes will be in order.
Freshmen women this quarter are for
the first time acting as sponsors and
general protectors of the new women
entering the University. Formerly the
older women liave sponsored the new
comers but it was decided this quarter to
place the responsibility upon the first
year women since they have more oppor
tunities for close contact in the hall.
Freshmen women will publicly sponsor
their changes tonight at the conference
party given for new women by the fresh
men class from 7:15 to 9:30 in tbe Wo
men's Clubhouse. Miss Yost and Dr.
Mosher will speak briefly to the women
and a short program will be given. Ruth
Snedden and Millison Hardy have charge
of the program and refreshments respec
tively. It is planned that the different
classes take turns henceforth in giving
conference parties.
Quad clothes will be in order.
Freshmen women this quarter are for
the first time acting as sponsors and
general protectors of the new women
entering the University. Formerly the
older women liave sponsored the new
comers but it was decided this quarter to
place the responsibility upon the first
year women since they have more oppor
tunities for close contact in the hall.
Freshmen women will publicly sponsor
their changes tonight at the conference
party given for new women by the fresh
men class from 7:15 to 9:30 in tbe Wo
men's Clubhouse. Miss Yost and Dr.
Mosher will speak briefly to the women
and a short program will be given. Ruth
Snedden and Millison Hardy have charge
of the program and refreshments respec
tively. It is planned that the different
classes take turns henceforth in giving
conference parties.
Quad clothes will be in order.
Freshmen women this quarter are for
the first time acting as sponsors and
general protectors of the new women
entering the University. Formerly the
older women liave sponsored the new
comers but it was decided this quarter to
place the responsibility upon the first
year women since they have more oppor
tunities for close contact in the hall.
Freshmen women will publicly sponsor
their changes tonight at the conference
party given for new women by the fresh
men class from 7:15 to 9:30 in tbe Wo
men's Clubhouse. Miss Yost and Dr.
Mosher will speak briefly to the women
and a short program will be given. Ruth
Snedden and Millison Hardy have charge
of the program and refreshments respec
tively. It is planned that the different
classes take turns henceforth in giving
conference parties.
Quad clothes will be in order.
Freshmen women this quarter are for
the first time acting as sponsors and
general protectors of the new women
entering the University. Formerly the
older women liave sponsored the new
comers but it was decided this quarter to
place the responsibility upon the first
year women since they have more oppor
tunities for close contact in the hall.
Freshmen women will publicly sponsor
their changes tonight at the conference
party given for new women by the fresh
men class from 7:15 to 9:30 in tbe Wo
men's Clubhouse. Miss Yost and Dr.
Mosher will speak briefly to the women
and a short program will be given. Ruth
Snedden and Millison Hardy have charge
of the program and refreshments respec
tively. It is planned that the different
classes take turns henceforth in giving
conference parties.
Quad clothes will be in order.
Freshmen women this quarter are for
the first time acting as sponsors and
general protectors of the new women
entering the University. Formerly the
older women liave sponsored the new
comers but it was decided this quarter to
place the responsibility upon the first
year women since they have more oppor
tunities for close contact in the hall.
Freshmen women will publicly sponsor
their changes tonight at the conference
party given for new women by the fresh
men class from 7:15 to 9:30 in tbe Wo
men's Clubhouse. Miss Yost and Dr.
Mosher will speak briefly to the women
and a short program will be given. Ruth
Snedden and Millison Hardy have charge
of the program and refreshments respec
tively. It is planned that the different
classes take turns henceforth in giving
conference parties.
Quad clothes will be in order.
Freshmen women this quarter are for
the first time acting as sponsors and
general protectors of the new women
entering the University. Formerly the
older women liave sponsored the new
comers but it was decided this quarter to
place the responsibility upon the first
year women since they have more oppor
tunities for close contact in the hall.
Freshmen women will publicly sponsor
their changes tonight at the conference
party given for new women by the fresh
men class from 7:15 to 9:30 in tbe Wo
men's Clubhouse. Miss Yost and Dr.
Mosher will speak briefly to the women
and a short program will be given. Ruth
Snedden and Millison Hardy have charge
of the program and refreshments respec
tively. It is planned that the different
classes take turns henceforth in giving
conference parties.
Quad clothes will be in order.
Freshmen women this quarter are for
the first time acting as sponsors and
general protectors of the new women
entering the University. Formerly the
older women liave sponsored the new
comers but it was decided this quarter to
place the responsibility upon the first
year women since they have more oppor
tunities for close contact in the hall.
Freshmen women will publicly sponsor
their changes tonight at the conference
party given for new women by the fresh
men class from 7:15 to 9:30 in tbe Wo
men's Clubhouse. Miss Yost and Dr.
Mosher will speak briefly to the women
and a short program will be given. Ruth
Snedden and Millison Hardy have charge
of the program and refreshments respec
tively. It is planned that the different
classes take turns henceforth in giving
conference parties.
Quad clothes will be in order.
Freshmen women this quarter are for
the first time acting as sponsors and
general protectors of the new women
entering the University. Formerly the
older women liave sponsored the new
comers but it was decided this quarter to
place the responsibility upon the first
year women since they have more oppor
tunities for close contact in the hall.
Freshmen women will publicly sponsor
their changes tonight at the conference
party given for new women by the fresh
men class from 7:15 to 9:30 in tbe Wo
men's Clubhouse. Miss Yost and Dr.
Mosher will speak briefly to the women
and a short program will be given. Ruth
Snedden and Millison Hardy have charge
of the program and refreshments respec
tively. It is planned that the different
classes take turns henceforth in giving
conference parties.
Quad clothes will be in order.
Freshmen women this quarter are for
the first time acting as sponsors and
general protectors of the new women
entering the University. Formerly the
older women liave sponsored the new
comers but it was decided this quarter to
place the responsibility upon the first
year women since they have more oppor
tunities for close contact in the hall.
Freshmen women will publicly sponsor
their changes tonight at the conference
party given for new women by the fresh
men class from 7:15 to 9:30 in tbe Wo
men's Clubhouse. Miss Yost and Dr.
Mosher will speak briefly to the women
and a short program will be given. Ruth
Snedden and Millison Hardy have charge
of the program and refreshments respec
tively. It is planned that the different
classes take turns henceforth in giving
conference parties.
Quad clothes will be in order.
Freshmen women this quarter are for
the first time acting as sponsors and
general protectors of the new women
entering the University. Formerly the
older women liave sponsored the new
comers but it was decided this quarter to
place the responsibility upon the first
year women since they have more oppor
tunities for close contact in the hall.
Freshmen women will publicly sponsor
their changes tonight at the conference
party given for new women by the fresh
men class from 7:15 to 9:30 in tbe Wo
men's Clubhouse. Miss Yost and Dr.
Mosher will speak briefly to the women
and a short program will be given. Ruth
Snedden and Millison Hardy have charge
of the program and refreshments respec
tively. It is planned that the different
classes take turns henceforth in giving
conference parties.
Quad clothes will be in order.
Freshmen women this quarter are for
the first time acting as sponsors and
general protectors of the new women
entering the University. Formerly the
older women liave sponsored the new
comers but it was decided this quarter to
place the responsibility upon the first
year women since they have more oppor
tunities for close contact in the hall.
Freshmen women will publicly sponsor
their changes tonight at the conference
party given for new women by the fresh
men class from 7:15 to 9:30 in tbe Wo
men's Clubhouse. Miss Yost and Dr.
Mosher will speak briefly to the women
and a short program will be given. Ruth
Snedden and Millison Hardy have charge
of the program and refreshments respec
tively. It is planned that the different
classes take turns henceforth in giving
conference parties.
Quad clothes will be in order.
Freshmen women this quarter are for
the first time acting as sponsors and
general protectors of the new women
entering the University. Formerly the
older women liave sponsored the new
comers but it was decided this quarter to
place the responsibility upon the first
year women since they have more oppor
tunities for close contact in the hall.
Freshmen women will publicly sponsor
their changes tonight at the conference
party given for new women by the fresh
men class from 7:15 to 9:30 in tbe Wo
men's Clubhouse. Miss Yost and Dr.
Mosher will speak briefly to the women
and a short program will be given. Ruth
Snedden and Millison Hardy have charge
of the program and refreshments respec
tively. It is planned that the different
classes take turns henceforth in giving
conference parties.
Quad clothes will be in order.
Freshmen women this quarter are for
the first time acting as sponsors and
general protectors of the new women
entering the University. Formerly the
older women liave sponsored the new
comers but it was decided this quarter to
place the responsibility upon the first
year women since they have more oppor
tunities for close contact in the hall.
