# Untitled Article
## 
### 
COLLEGE OF EMPORIA, KANSAS
—Agreements to discourage dancing,
abolish the cigarette, refrain from
gambling, and discontinue the uses of
profanity were signed by 226 men stu
dent on the campus.
COLLEGE OF EMPORIA, KANSAS
—Agreements to discourage dancing,
abolish the cigarette, refrain from
gambling, and discontinue the uses of
profanity were signed by 226 men stu
dent on the campus.
COLLEGE OF EMPORIA, KANSAS
—Agreements to discourage dancing,
abolish the cigarette, refrain from
gambling, and discontinue the uses of
profanity were signed by 226 men stu
dent on the campus.
COLLEGE OF EMPORIA, KANSAS
—Agreements to discourage dancing,
abolish the cigarette, refrain from
gambling, and discontinue the uses of
profanity were signed by 226 men stu
dent on the campus.
COLLEGE OF EMPORIA, KANSAS
—Agreements to discourage dancing,
abolish the cigarette, refrain from
gambling, and discontinue the uses of
profanity were signed by 226 men stu
dent on the campus.
COLLEGE OF EMPORIA, KANSAS
—Agreements to discourage dancing,
abolish the cigarette, refrain from
gambling, and discontinue the uses of
profanity were signed by 226 men stu
dent on the campus.
COLLEGE OF EMPORIA, KANSAS
—Agreements to discourage dancing,
abolish the cigarette, refrain from
gambling, and discontinue the uses of
profanity were signed by 226 men stu
dent on the campus.
COLLEGE OF EMPORIA, KANSAS
—Agreements to discourage dancing,
abolish the cigarette, refrain from
gambling, and discontinue the uses of
profanity were signed by 226 men stu
dent on the campus.
COLLEGE OF EMPORIA, KANSAS
—Agreements to discourage dancing,
abolish the cigarette, refrain from
gambling, and discontinue the uses of
profanity were signed by 226 men stu
dent on the campus.
COLLEGE OF EMPORIA, KANSAS
—Agreements to discourage dancing,
abolish the cigarette, refrain from
gambling, and discontinue the uses of
profanity were signed by 226 men stu
dent on the campus.
COLLEGE OF EMPORIA, KANSAS
—Agreements to discourage dancing,
abolish the cigarette, refrain from
gambling, and discontinue the uses of
profanity were signed by 226 men stu
dent on the campus.
COLLEGE OF EMPORIA, KANSAS
—Agreements to discourage dancing,
abolish the cigarette, refrain from
gambling, and discontinue the uses of
profanity were signed by 226 men stu
dent on the campus.
COLLEGE OF EMPORIA, KANSAS
—Agreements to discourage dancing,
abolish the cigarette, refrain from
gambling, and discontinue the uses of
profanity were signed by 226 men stu
dent on the campus.
COLLEGE OF EMPORIA, KANSAS
—Agreements to discourage dancing,
abolish the cigarette, refrain from
gambling, and discontinue the uses of
profanity were signed by 226 men stu
dent on the campus.
COLLEGE OF EMPORIA, KANSAS
—Agreements to discourage dancing,
abolish the cigarette, refrain from
gambling, and discontinue the uses of
profanity were signed by 226 men stu
dent on the campus.
