# FOUR FELLOWSHIPS ARE OFFERED IN SOCIOLOGY
## 
### 
The New York School of Social Work
announces four fellowships of $1200 each
to be awarded to recent college gradu
ates, including the class of 1923, on the
basis of a competitive examination.
The school offers graduate training in
the tields of Family Case Work, Child
Welfare, Hospital Social Work, Mental
Hygiene, Community Organization, In
dustry, Criminology and Social Research.
A diploma is granted upon completion of
the two-year course. It was founded in
1898 and is the oldest training school
for social workers in the United States.
Award of fellowships will be based on
satisfactory evidence of ability, person
ality, and adaptability for social work.
Applications will be received by the sec
retary, 105 East 22nd Street, New York
City, until April 21.
