# INSIDE
## 
### 
Run Like Hell
Molly Goodenbour's
fast breaks in Arizona
were tops last week
See Sports, page 5

Learning to Fly
Rreshman Ray Carey is
already No. 3 in world
swimming the butterfly
See Sports, page 5

Wish You Were Here
The wrestling team
might have fared better
this weekend at home
See Sports, page 6



Run Like Hell
Molly Goodenbour's
fast breaks in Arizona
were tops last week
See Sports, page 5

Learning to Fly
Rreshman Ray Carey is
already No. 3 in world
swimming the butterfly
See Sports, page 5

Wish You Were Here
The wrestling team
might have fared better
this weekend at home
See Sports, page 6



Run Like Hell
Molly Goodenbour's
fast breaks in Arizona
were tops last week
See Sports, page 5

Learning to Fly
Rreshman Ray Carey is
already No. 3 in world
swimming the butterfly
See Sports, page 5

Wish You Were Here
The wrestling team
might have fared better
this weekend at home
See Sports, page 6



Run Like Hell
Molly Goodenbour's
fast breaks in Arizona
were tops last week
See Sports, page 5

Learning to Fly
Rreshman Ray Carey is
already No. 3 in world
swimming the butterfly
See Sports, page 5

Wish You Were Here
The wrestling team
might have fared better
this weekend at home
See Sports, page 6



Run Like Hell
Molly Goodenbour's
fast breaks in Arizona
were tops last week
See Sports, page 5

Learning to Fly
Rreshman Ray Carey is
already No. 3 in world
swimming the butterfly
See Sports, page 5

Wish You Were Here
The wrestling team
might have fared better
this weekend at home
See Sports, page 6



Run Like Hell
Molly Goodenbour's
fast breaks in Arizona
were tops last week
See Sports, page 5

Learning to Fly
Rreshman Ray Carey is
already No. 3 in world
swimming the butterfly
See Sports, page 5

Wish You Were Here
The wrestling team
might have fared better
this weekend at home
See Sports, page 6



Run Like Hell
Molly Goodenbour's
fast breaks in Arizona
were tops last week
See Sports, page 5

Learning to Fly
Rreshman Ray Carey is
already No. 3 in world
swimming the butterfly
See Sports, page 5

Wish You Were Here
The wrestling team
might have fared better
this weekend at home
See Sports, page 6



Run Like Hell
Molly Goodenbour's
fast breaks in Arizona
were tops last week
See Sports, page 5

Learning to Fly
Rreshman Ray Carey is
already No. 3 in world
swimming the butterfly
See Sports, page 5

Wish You Were Here
The wrestling team
might have fared better
this weekend at home
See Sports, page 6



