# England Looking for Zeppelin Attack.
## 
### 
LONDON, Jan. 2(i. —England is pre
pared for a Zeppelin raid tomorrow,
the Kaiser's birthday. Defeated on the
water, the Germans are expected to
resort to the ai. v . A dispatch from
Switzerland reports the movement of
;wo new Zeppelins toward the coast -if
Helgium.
LONDON, Jan. 2(i. —England is pre
pared for a Zeppelin raid tomorrow,
the Kaiser's birthday. Defeated on the
water, the Germans are expected to
resort to the ai. v . A dispatch from
Switzerland reports the movement of
;wo new Zeppelins toward the coast -if
Helgium.
LONDON, Jan. 2(i. —England is pre
pared for a Zeppelin raid tomorrow,
the Kaiser's birthday. Defeated on the
water, the Germans are expected to
resort to the ai. v . A dispatch from
Switzerland reports the movement of
;wo new Zeppelins toward the coast -if
Helgium.
LONDON, Jan. 2(i. —England is pre
pared for a Zeppelin raid tomorrow,
the Kaiser's birthday. Defeated on the
water, the Germans are expected to
resort to the ai. v . A dispatch from
Switzerland reports the movement of
;wo new Zeppelins toward the coast -if
Helgium.
LONDON, Jan. 2(i. —England is pre
pared for a Zeppelin raid tomorrow,
the Kaiser's birthday. Defeated on the
water, the Germans are expected to
resort to the ai. v . A dispatch from
Switzerland reports the movement of
;wo new Zeppelins toward the coast -if
Helgium.
LONDON, Jan. 2(i. —England is pre
pared for a Zeppelin raid tomorrow,
the Kaiser's birthday. Defeated on the
water, the Germans are expected to
resort to the ai. v . A dispatch from
Switzerland reports the movement of
;wo new Zeppelins toward the coast -if
Helgium.
LONDON, Jan. 2(i. —England is pre
pared for a Zeppelin raid tomorrow,
the Kaiser's birthday. Defeated on the
water, the Germans are expected to
resort to the ai. v . A dispatch from
Switzerland reports the movement of
;wo new Zeppelins toward the coast -if
Helgium.
LONDON, Jan. 2(i. —England is pre
pared for a Zeppelin raid tomorrow,
the Kaiser's birthday. Defeated on the
water, the Germans are expected to
resort to the ai. v . A dispatch from
Switzerland reports the movement of
;wo new Zeppelins toward the coast -if
Helgium.
LONDON, Jan. 2(i. —England is pre
pared for a Zeppelin raid tomorrow,
the Kaiser's birthday. Defeated on the
water, the Germans are expected to
resort to the ai. v . A dispatch from
Switzerland reports the movement of
;wo new Zeppelins toward the coast -if
Helgium.
LONDON, Jan. 2(i. —England is pre
pared for a Zeppelin raid tomorrow,
the Kaiser's birthday. Defeated on the
water, the Germans are expected to
resort to the ai. v . A dispatch from
Switzerland reports the movement of
;wo new Zeppelins toward the coast -if
Helgium.
LONDON, Jan. 2(i. —England is pre
pared for a Zeppelin raid tomorrow,
the Kaiser's birthday. Defeated on the
water, the Germans are expected to
resort to the ai. v . A dispatch from
Switzerland reports the movement of
;wo new Zeppelins toward the coast -if
Helgium.
LONDON, Jan. 2(i. —England is pre
pared for a Zeppelin raid tomorrow,
the Kaiser's birthday. Defeated on the
water, the Germans are expected to
resort to the ai. v . A dispatch from
Switzerland reports the movement of
;wo new Zeppelins toward the coast -if
Helgium.
LONDON, Jan. 2(i. —England is pre
pared for a Zeppelin raid tomorrow,
the Kaiser's birthday. Defeated on the
water, the Germans are expected to
resort to the ai. v . A dispatch from
Switzerland reports the movement of
;wo new Zeppelins toward the coast -if
Helgium.
