# "CORPORATIONS WILL BE LECTURE TOPIC OF HILL
## 
### 
Ilenry G. Hill, '09. will give two lec
tures to law students, the first lec
ture being February 1. on the subject.
"Organization of Corporations." Hill
took his law degree in 1911. and is now
practicing in San Jose, lie has
associated with Judge Flack, of S.m
Francisco, where he gained unusual
experience in the organization of cor
•Mirations, and the management of
their legal affairs. The first lecture
will be given in .room 12 at 2:30.
Ilenry G. Hill, '09. will give two lec
tures to law students, the first lec
ture being February 1. on the subject.
"Organization of Corporations." Hill
took his law degree in 1911. and is now
practicing in San Jose, lie has
associated with Judge Flack, of S.m
Francisco, where he gained unusual
experience in the organization of cor
•Mirations, and the management of
their legal affairs. The first lecture
will be given in .room 12 at 2:30.
Ilenry G. Hill, '09. will give two lec
tures to law students, the first lec
ture being February 1. on the subject.
"Organization of Corporations." Hill
took his law degree in 1911. and is now
practicing in San Jose, lie has
associated with Judge Flack, of S.m
Francisco, where he gained unusual
experience in the organization of cor
•Mirations, and the management of
their legal affairs. The first lecture
will be given in .room 12 at 2:30.
Ilenry G. Hill, '09. will give two lec
tures to law students, the first lec
ture being February 1. on the subject.
"Organization of Corporations." Hill
took his law degree in 1911. and is now
practicing in San Jose, lie has
associated with Judge Flack, of S.m
Francisco, where he gained unusual
experience in the organization of cor
•Mirations, and the management of
their legal affairs. The first lecture
will be given in .room 12 at 2:30.
Ilenry G. Hill, '09. will give two lec
tures to law students, the first lec
ture being February 1. on the subject.
"Organization of Corporations." Hill
took his law degree in 1911. and is now
practicing in San Jose, lie has
associated with Judge Flack, of S.m
Francisco, where he gained unusual
experience in the organization of cor
•Mirations, and the management of
their legal affairs. The first lecture
will be given in .room 12 at 2:30.
Ilenry G. Hill, '09. will give two lec
tures to law students, the first lec
ture being February 1. on the subject.
"Organization of Corporations." Hill
took his law degree in 1911. and is now
practicing in San Jose, lie has
associated with Judge Flack, of S.m
Francisco, where he gained unusual
experience in the organization of cor
•Mirations, and the management of
their legal affairs. The first lecture
will be given in .room 12 at 2:30.
Ilenry G. Hill, '09. will give two lec
tures to law students, the first lec
ture being February 1. on the subject.
"Organization of Corporations." Hill
took his law degree in 1911. and is now
practicing in San Jose, lie has
associated with Judge Flack, of S.m
Francisco, where he gained unusual
experience in the organization of cor
•Mirations, and the management of
their legal affairs. The first lecture
will be given in .room 12 at 2:30.
Ilenry G. Hill, '09. will give two lec
tures to law students, the first lec
ture being February 1. on the subject.
"Organization of Corporations." Hill
took his law degree in 1911. and is now
practicing in San Jose, lie has
associated with Judge Flack, of S.m
Francisco, where he gained unusual
experience in the organization of cor
•Mirations, and the management of
their legal affairs. The first lecture
will be given in .room 12 at 2:30.
Ilenry G. Hill, '09. will give two lec
tures to law students, the first lec
ture being February 1. on the subject.
"Organization of Corporations." Hill
took his law degree in 1911. and is now
practicing in San Jose, lie has
associated with Judge Flack, of S.m
Francisco, where he gained unusual
experience in the organization of cor
•Mirations, and the management of
their legal affairs. The first lecture
will be given in .room 12 at 2:30.
Ilenry G. Hill, '09. will give two lec
tures to law students, the first lec
ture being February 1. on the subject.
"Organization of Corporations." Hill
took his law degree in 1911. and is now
practicing in San Jose, lie has
associated with Judge Flack, of S.m
Francisco, where he gained unusual
experience in the organization of cor
•Mirations, and the management of
their legal affairs. The first lecture
will be given in .room 12 at 2:30.
Ilenry G. Hill, '09. will give two lec
tures to law students, the first lec
ture being February 1. on the subject.
"Organization of Corporations." Hill
took his law degree in 1911. and is now
practicing in San Jose, lie has
associated with Judge Flack, of S.m
Francisco, where he gained unusual
experience in the organization of cor
•Mirations, and the management of
their legal affairs. The first lecture
will be given in .room 12 at 2:30.
Ilenry G. Hill, '09. will give two lec
tures to law students, the first lec
ture being February 1. on the subject.
"Organization of Corporations." Hill
took his law degree in 1911. and is now
practicing in San Jose, lie has
associated with Judge Flack, of S.m
Francisco, where he gained unusual
experience in the organization of cor
•Mirations, and the management of
their legal affairs. The first lecture
will be given in .room 12 at 2:30.
Ilenry G. Hill, '09. will give two lec
tures to law students, the first lec
ture being February 1. on the subject.
"Organization of Corporations." Hill
took his law degree in 1911. and is now
practicing in San Jose, lie has
associated with Judge Flack, of S.m
Francisco, where he gained unusual
experience in the organization of cor
•Mirations, and the management of
their legal affairs. The first lecture
will be given in .room 12 at 2:30.
