# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
p ARD
COME ON IN
DAVE FAIRBANKS
and
SUE WGTRING
FOR A FREE BURGER AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino ★ Palo Alto
r~ '■ " I■l ■ ■ "~~
p ARD
COME ON IN
DAVE FAIRBANKS
and
SUE WGTRING
FOR A FREE BURGER AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino ★ Palo Alto
r~ '■ " I■l ■ ■ "~~
p ARD
COME ON IN
DAVE FAIRBANKS
and
SUE WGTRING
FOR A FREE BURGER AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino ★ Palo Alto
r~ '■ " I■l ■ ■ "~~
p ARD
COME ON IN
DAVE FAIRBANKS
and
SUE WGTRING
FOR A FREE BURGER AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino ★ Palo Alto
r~ '■ " I■l ■ ■ "~~
p ARD
COME ON IN
DAVE FAIRBANKS
and
SUE WGTRING
FOR A FREE BURGER AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino ★ Palo Alto
r~ '■ " I■l ■ ■ "~~
p ARD
COME ON IN
DAVE FAIRBANKS
and
SUE WGTRING
FOR A FREE BURGER AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino ★ Palo Alto
r~ '■ " I■l ■ ■ "~~
p ARD
COME ON IN
DAVE FAIRBANKS
and
SUE WGTRING
FOR A FREE BURGER AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino ★ Palo Alto
r~ '■ " I■l ■ ■ "~~
p ARD
COME ON IN
DAVE FAIRBANKS
and
SUE WGTRING
FOR A FREE BURGER AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino ★ Palo Alto
r~ '■ " I■l ■ ■ "~~
p ARD
COME ON IN
DAVE FAIRBANKS
and
SUE WGTRING
FOR A FREE BURGER AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino ★ Palo Alto
r~ '■ " I■l ■ ■ "~~
p ARD
COME ON IN
DAVE FAIRBANKS
and
SUE WGTRING
FOR A FREE BURGER AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino ★ Palo Alto
r~ '■ " I■l ■ ■ "~~
p ARD
COME ON IN
DAVE FAIRBANKS
and
SUE WGTRING
FOR A FREE BURGER AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino ★ Palo Alto
r~ '■ " I■l ■ ■ "~~
p ARD
COME ON IN
DAVE FAIRBANKS
and
SUE WGTRING
FOR A FREE BURGER AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino ★ Palo Alto
r~ '■ " I■l ■ ■ "~~
p ARD
COME ON IN
DAVE FAIRBANKS
and
SUE WGTRING
FOR A FREE BURGER AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino ★ Palo Alto
r~ '■ " I■l ■ ■ "~~
p ARD
COME ON IN
DAVE FAIRBANKS
and
SUE WGTRING
FOR A FREE BURGER AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino ★ Palo Alto
r~ '■ " I■l ■ ■ "~~
p ARD
COME ON IN
DAVE FAIRBANKS
and
SUE WGTRING
FOR A FREE BURGER AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino ★ Palo Alto
r~ '■ " I■l ■ ■ "~~
p ARD
COME ON IN
DAVE FAIRBANKS
and
SUE WGTRING
FOR A FREE BURGER AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino ★ Palo Alto
r~ '■ " I■l ■ ■ "~~
p ARD
COME ON IN
DAVE FAIRBANKS
and
SUE WGTRING
FOR A FREE BURGER AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino ★ Palo Alto
r~ '■ " I■l ■ ■ "~~
