# Blue and Gold May Be Chosen Official Color of San Francisco Cars
## 
### 
A Gold and Blue street car will be
run through the streets of San Fran
cisco today by the Market Street Rail
way Company as an experiment. If
favorable comment is given the new
ly-painted car, it appears likely that
all cars will be adorned in the colors
of the University of California, thus
offering a splendid opportunity, or
rather a goad to ambitious Stanford
students visiting the city on the day
of the Big Game.
A Gold and Blue street car will be
run through the streets of San Fran
cisco today by the Market Street Rail
way Company as an experiment. If
favorable comment is given the new
ly-painted car, it appears likely that
all cars will be adorned in the colors
of the University of California, thus
offering a splendid opportunity, or
rather a goad to ambitious Stanford
students visiting the city on the day
of the Big Game.
A Gold and Blue street car will be
run through the streets of San Fran
cisco today by the Market Street Rail
way Company as an experiment. If
favorable comment is given the new
ly-painted car, it appears likely that
all cars will be adorned in the colors
of the University of California, thus
offering a splendid opportunity, or
rather a goad to ambitious Stanford
students visiting the city on the day
of the Big Game.
A Gold and Blue street car will be
run through the streets of San Fran
cisco today by the Market Street Rail
way Company as an experiment. If
favorable comment is given the new
ly-painted car, it appears likely that
all cars will be adorned in the colors
of the University of California, thus
offering a splendid opportunity, or
rather a goad to ambitious Stanford
students visiting the city on the day
of the Big Game.
A Gold and Blue street car will be
run through the streets of San Fran
cisco today by the Market Street Rail
way Company as an experiment. If
favorable comment is given the new
ly-painted car, it appears likely that
all cars will be adorned in the colors
of the University of California, thus
offering a splendid opportunity, or
rather a goad to ambitious Stanford
students visiting the city on the day
of the Big Game.
A Gold and Blue street car will be
run through the streets of San Fran
cisco today by the Market Street Rail
way Company as an experiment. If
favorable comment is given the new
ly-painted car, it appears likely that
all cars will be adorned in the colors
of the University of California, thus
offering a splendid opportunity, or
rather a goad to ambitious Stanford
students visiting the city on the day
of the Big Game.
A Gold and Blue street car will be
run through the streets of San Fran
cisco today by the Market Street Rail
way Company as an experiment. If
favorable comment is given the new
ly-painted car, it appears likely that
all cars will be adorned in the colors
of the University of California, thus
offering a splendid opportunity, or
rather a goad to ambitious Stanford
students visiting the city on the day
of the Big Game.
A Gold and Blue street car will be
run through the streets of San Fran
cisco today by the Market Street Rail
way Company as an experiment. If
favorable comment is given the new
ly-painted car, it appears likely that
all cars will be adorned in the colors
of the University of California, thus
offering a splendid opportunity, or
rather a goad to ambitious Stanford
students visiting the city on the day
of the Big Game.
A Gold and Blue street car will be
run through the streets of San Fran
cisco today by the Market Street Rail
way Company as an experiment. If
favorable comment is given the new
ly-painted car, it appears likely that
all cars will be adorned in the colors
of the University of California, thus
offering a splendid opportunity, or
rather a goad to ambitious Stanford
students visiting the city on the day
of the Big Game.
A Gold and Blue street car will be
run through the streets of San Fran
cisco today by the Market Street Rail
way Company as an experiment. If
favorable comment is given the new
ly-painted car, it appears likely that
all cars will be adorned in the colors
of the University of California, thus
offering a splendid opportunity, or
rather a goad to ambitious Stanford
students visiting the city on the day
of the Big Game.
A Gold and Blue street car will be
run through the streets of San Fran
cisco today by the Market Street Rail
way Company as an experiment. If
favorable comment is given the new
ly-painted car, it appears likely that
all cars will be adorned in the colors
of the University of California, thus
offering a splendid opportunity, or
rather a goad to ambitious Stanford
students visiting the city on the day
of the Big Game.
A Gold and Blue street car will be
run through the streets of San Fran
cisco today by the Market Street Rail
way Company as an experiment. If
favorable comment is given the new
ly-painted car, it appears likely that
all cars will be adorned in the colors
of the University of California, thus
offering a splendid opportunity, or
rather a goad to ambitious Stanford
students visiting the city on the day
of the Big Game.
A Gold and Blue street car will be
run through the streets of San Fran
cisco today by the Market Street Rail
way Company as an experiment. If
favorable comment is given the new
ly-painted car, it appears likely that
all cars will be adorned in the colors
of the University of California, thus
offering a splendid opportunity, or
rather a goad to ambitious Stanford
students visiting the city on the day
of the Big Game.
A Gold and Blue street car will be
run through the streets of San Fran
cisco today by the Market Street Rail
way Company as an experiment. If
favorable comment is given the new
ly-painted car, it appears likely that
all cars will be adorned in the colors
of the University of California, thus
offering a splendid opportunity, or
rather a goad to ambitious Stanford
students visiting the city on the day
of the Big Game.
A Gold and Blue street car will be
run through the streets of San Fran
cisco today by the Market Street Rail
way Company as an experiment. If
favorable comment is given the new
ly-painted car, it appears likely that
all cars will be adorned in the colors
of the University of California, thus
offering a splendid opportunity, or
rather a goad to ambitious Stanford
students visiting the city on the day
of the Big Game.
