# GRADUATING M. E. STUDENTS PREPARE 1925 CLASS PLATE
## 
### 
The 1925 Class Plate has been com
pleted by members of the Mechanical
Engineering Society and is in readi
ness for the dedication which will take
place Friday, June 19, at 11 o'clock
after the Class Day Exercises in the
Memoriai church.
The manufacturing of the plate by
members of the M. E. Society them
selves is in revival of the custom es
tablished several years ago. The plate,
made of bronz alloy with '25 on the
surface, will be laid in the Inner Quad
in continuation of the line placed by
previous classes. President Wilbur
will give the dedication speech and
accept the plate.
Seniors may sign the class roll this
week at the Alumni Secretary's office,
where the assessment of $2, voted by
the class, may also be paid. Invita
tions and souvenir programs may be
secured at the same time.
