# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Isolation Hospital — Joan Sum
mers. Zoc Clubb.
Men's Rest Home — Robert Bul
lock, Alan Chainov, Clyde Small.
Women's Rest Home—Judith Lip
pineott, Franeine Foreman, Carol
F efter.
Pa'o Alto Hospital — Seth Hug
stedler. Gerald Davy, Robert Mc-
Craeken, Robert Thompson, Richard
Brooke, Walter Newman, Leonard
Deterding, John Hodson.
Isolation Hospital — Joan Sum
mers. Zoc Clubb.
Men's Rest Home — Robert Bul
lock, Alan Chainov, Clyde Small.
Women's Rest Home—Judith Lip
pineott, Franeine Foreman, Carol
F efter.
Pa'o Alto Hospital — Seth Hug
stedler. Gerald Davy, Robert Mc-
Craeken, Robert Thompson, Richard
Brooke, Walter Newman, Leonard
Deterding, John Hodson.
Isolation Hospital — Joan Sum
mers. Zoc Clubb.
Men's Rest Home — Robert Bul
lock, Alan Chainov, Clyde Small.
Women's Rest Home—Judith Lip
pineott, Franeine Foreman, Carol
F efter.
Pa'o Alto Hospital — Seth Hug
stedler. Gerald Davy, Robert Mc-
Craeken, Robert Thompson, Richard
Brooke, Walter Newman, Leonard
Deterding, John Hodson.
Isolation Hospital — Joan Sum
mers. Zoc Clubb.
Men's Rest Home — Robert Bul
lock, Alan Chainov, Clyde Small.
Women's Rest Home—Judith Lip
pineott, Franeine Foreman, Carol
F efter.
Pa'o Alto Hospital — Seth Hug
stedler. Gerald Davy, Robert Mc-
Craeken, Robert Thompson, Richard
Brooke, Walter Newman, Leonard
Deterding, John Hodson.
Isolation Hospital — Joan Sum
mers. Zoc Clubb.
Men's Rest Home — Robert Bul
lock, Alan Chainov, Clyde Small.
Women's Rest Home—Judith Lip
pineott, Franeine Foreman, Carol
F efter.
Pa'o Alto Hospital — Seth Hug
stedler. Gerald Davy, Robert Mc-
Craeken, Robert Thompson, Richard
Brooke, Walter Newman, Leonard
Deterding, John Hodson.
Isolation Hospital — Joan Sum
mers. Zoc Clubb.
Men's Rest Home — Robert Bul
lock, Alan Chainov, Clyde Small.
Women's Rest Home—Judith Lip
pineott, Franeine Foreman, Carol
F efter.
Pa'o Alto Hospital — Seth Hug
stedler. Gerald Davy, Robert Mc-
Craeken, Robert Thompson, Richard
Brooke, Walter Newman, Leonard
Deterding, John Hodson.
Isolation Hospital — Joan Sum
mers. Zoc Clubb.
Men's Rest Home — Robert Bul
lock, Alan Chainov, Clyde Small.
Women's Rest Home—Judith Lip
pineott, Franeine Foreman, Carol
F efter.
Pa'o Alto Hospital — Seth Hug
stedler. Gerald Davy, Robert Mc-
Craeken, Robert Thompson, Richard
Brooke, Walter Newman, Leonard
Deterding, John Hodson.
Isolation Hospital — Joan Sum
mers. Zoc Clubb.
Men's Rest Home — Robert Bul
lock, Alan Chainov, Clyde Small.
Women's Rest Home—Judith Lip
pineott, Franeine Foreman, Carol
F efter.
Pa'o Alto Hospital — Seth Hug
stedler. Gerald Davy, Robert Mc-
Craeken, Robert Thompson, Richard
Brooke, Walter Newman, Leonard
Deterding, John Hodson.
Isolation Hospital — Joan Sum
mers. Zoc Clubb.
Men's Rest Home — Robert Bul
lock, Alan Chainov, Clyde Small.
Women's Rest Home—Judith Lip
pineott, Franeine Foreman, Carol
F efter.
Pa'o Alto Hospital — Seth Hug
stedler. Gerald Davy, Robert Mc-
Craeken, Robert Thompson, Richard
Brooke, Walter Newman, Leonard
Deterding, John Hodson.
Isolation Hospital — Joan Sum
mers. Zoc Clubb.
Men's Rest Home — Robert Bul
lock, Alan Chainov, Clyde Small.
Women's Rest Home—Judith Lip
pineott, Franeine Foreman, Carol
F efter.
Pa'o Alto Hospital — Seth Hug
stedler. Gerald Davy, Robert Mc-
Craeken, Robert Thompson, Richard
Brooke, Walter Newman, Leonard
Deterding, John Hodson.
Isolation Hospital — Joan Sum
mers. Zoc Clubb.
Men's Rest Home — Robert Bul
lock, Alan Chainov, Clyde Small.
Women's Rest Home—Judith Lip
pineott, Franeine Foreman, Carol
F efter.
Pa'o Alto Hospital — Seth Hug
stedler. Gerald Davy, Robert Mc-
Craeken, Robert Thompson, Richard
Brooke, Walter Newman, Leonard
Deterding, John Hodson.
Isolation Hospital — Joan Sum
mers. Zoc Clubb.
Men's Rest Home — Robert Bul
lock, Alan Chainov, Clyde Small.
Women's Rest Home—Judith Lip
pineott, Franeine Foreman, Carol
F efter.
Pa'o Alto Hospital — Seth Hug
stedler. Gerald Davy, Robert Mc-
Craeken, Robert Thompson, Richard
Brooke, Walter Newman, Leonard
Deterding, John Hodson.
Isolation Hospital — Joan Sum
mers. Zoc Clubb.
Men's Rest Home — Robert Bul
lock, Alan Chainov, Clyde Small.
Women's Rest Home—Judith Lip
pineott, Franeine Foreman, Carol
F efter.
Pa'o Alto Hospital — Seth Hug
stedler. Gerald Davy, Robert Mc-
Craeken, Robert Thompson, Richard
Brooke, Walter Newman, Leonard
Deterding, John Hodson.
Isolation Hospital — Joan Sum
mers. Zoc Clubb.
Men's Rest Home — Robert Bul
lock, Alan Chainov, Clyde Small.
Women's Rest Home—Judith Lip
pineott, Franeine Foreman, Carol
F efter.
Pa'o Alto Hospital — Seth Hug
stedler. Gerald Davy, Robert Mc-
Craeken, Robert Thompson, Richard
Brooke, Walter Newman, Leonard
Deterding, John Hodson.
