# 'Gold Coast' Now Off Farm Press
## 
### 
Present interest in the encourage
ment of world trdae and emphasis
on aiding underdeveloped areas of
the world is highlighted by "The
Gold Coast: A Survey of the Gold
Coast and Biitish Togoland, 1919-
194G," recently published by the
Stanford Press.
The book was compiled from the
Hoover Library collection of Gold
Coast documents and is the twenty
third in the Hoover Library series.
It was written by F. M. Bourret,
who is now with the history de

partment at San Francisco Collet
for Women.
1 his first political and econonv
survev of the Gold Coast is a cas
stui'y in the development of cole
niat policies. It deals with sever
problems oi widespread interest.
Present interest in the encourage
ment of world trdae and emphasis
on aiding underdeveloped areas of
the world is highlighted by "The
Gold Coast: A Survey of the Gold
Coast and Biitish Togoland, 1919-
194G," recently published by the
Stanford Press.
The book was compiled from the
Hoover Library collection of Gold
Coast documents and is the twenty
third in the Hoover Library series.
It was written by F. M. Bourret,
who is now with the history de

partment at San Francisco Collet
for Women.
1 his first political and econonv
survev of the Gold Coast is a cas
stui'y in the development of cole
niat policies. It deals with sever
problems oi widespread interest.
Present interest in the encourage
ment of world trdae and emphasis
on aiding underdeveloped areas of
the world is highlighted by "The
Gold Coast: A Survey of the Gold
Coast and Biitish Togoland, 1919-
194G," recently published by the
Stanford Press.
The book was compiled from the
Hoover Library collection of Gold
Coast documents and is the twenty
third in the Hoover Library series.
It was written by F. M. Bourret,
who is now with the history de

partment at San Francisco Collet
for Women.
1 his first political and econonv
survev of the Gold Coast is a cas
stui'y in the development of cole
niat policies. It deals with sever
problems oi widespread interest.
Present interest in the encourage
ment of world trdae and emphasis
on aiding underdeveloped areas of
the world is highlighted by "The
Gold Coast: A Survey of the Gold
Coast and Biitish Togoland, 1919-
194G," recently published by the
Stanford Press.
The book was compiled from the
Hoover Library collection of Gold
Coast documents and is the twenty
third in the Hoover Library series.
It was written by F. M. Bourret,
who is now with the history de

partment at San Francisco Collet
for Women.
1 his first political and econonv
survev of the Gold Coast is a cas
stui'y in the development of cole
niat policies. It deals with sever
problems oi widespread interest.
Present interest in the encourage
ment of world trdae and emphasis
on aiding underdeveloped areas of
the world is highlighted by "The
Gold Coast: A Survey of the Gold
Coast and Biitish Togoland, 1919-
194G," recently published by the
Stanford Press.
The book was compiled from the
Hoover Library collection of Gold
Coast documents and is the twenty
third in the Hoover Library series.
It was written by F. M. Bourret,
who is now with the history de

partment at San Francisco Collet
for Women.
1 his first political and econonv
survev of the Gold Coast is a cas
stui'y in the development of cole
niat policies. It deals with sever
problems oi widespread interest.
Present interest in the encourage
ment of world trdae and emphasis
on aiding underdeveloped areas of
the world is highlighted by "The
Gold Coast: A Survey of the Gold
Coast and Biitish Togoland, 1919-
194G," recently published by the
Stanford Press.
The book was compiled from the
Hoover Library collection of Gold
Coast documents and is the twenty
third in the Hoover Library series.
It was written by F. M. Bourret,
who is now with the history de

partment at San Francisco Collet
for Women.
1 his first political and econonv
survev of the Gold Coast is a cas
stui'y in the development of cole
niat policies. It deals with sever
problems oi widespread interest.
Present interest in the encourage
ment of world trdae and emphasis
on aiding underdeveloped areas of
the world is highlighted by "The
Gold Coast: A Survey of the Gold
Coast and Biitish Togoland, 1919-
194G," recently published by the
Stanford Press.
The book was compiled from the
Hoover Library collection of Gold
Coast documents and is the twenty
third in the Hoover Library series.
It was written by F. M. Bourret,
who is now with the history de

partment at San Francisco Collet
for Women.
1 his first political and econonv
survev of the Gold Coast is a cas
stui'y in the development of cole
niat policies. It deals with sever
problems oi widespread interest.
Present interest in the encourage
ment of world trdae and emphasis
on aiding underdeveloped areas of
the world is highlighted by "The
Gold Coast: A Survey of the Gold
Coast and Biitish Togoland, 1919-
194G," recently published by the
Stanford Press.
The book was compiled from the
Hoover Library collection of Gold
Coast documents and is the twenty
third in the Hoover Library series.
It was written by F. M. Bourret,
who is now with the history de

partment at San Francisco Collet
for Women.
1 his first political and econonv
survev of the Gold Coast is a cas
stui'y in the development of cole
niat policies. It deals with sever
problems oi widespread interest.
Present interest in the encourage
ment of world trdae and emphasis
on aiding underdeveloped areas of
the world is highlighted by "The
Gold Coast: A Survey of the Gold
Coast and Biitish Togoland, 1919-
194G," recently published by the
Stanford Press.
The book was compiled from the
Hoover Library collection of Gold
Coast documents and is the twenty
third in the Hoover Library series.
It was written by F. M. Bourret,
who is now with the history de

partment at San Francisco Collet
for Women.
1 his first political and econonv
survev of the Gold Coast is a cas
stui'y in the development of cole
niat policies. It deals with sever
problems oi widespread interest.
Present interest in the encourage
ment of world trdae and emphasis
on aiding underdeveloped areas of
the world is highlighted by "The
Gold Coast: A Survey of the Gold
Coast and Biitish Togoland, 1919-
194G," recently published by the
Stanford Press.
The book was compiled from the
Hoover Library collection of Gold
Coast documents and is the twenty
third in the Hoover Library series.
It was written by F. M. Bourret,
who is now with the history de

partment at San Francisco Collet
for Women.
1 his first political and econonv
survev of the Gold Coast is a cas
stui'y in the development of cole
niat policies. It deals with sever
problems oi widespread interest.
Present interest in the encourage
ment of world trdae and emphasis
on aiding underdeveloped areas of
the world is highlighted by "The
Gold Coast: A Survey of the Gold
Coast and Biitish Togoland, 1919-
194G," recently published by the
Stanford Press.
The book was compiled from the
Hoover Library collection of Gold
Coast documents and is the twenty
third in the Hoover Library series.
It was written by F. M. Bourret,
who is now with the history de

partment at San Francisco Collet
for Women.
1 his first political and econonv
survev of the Gold Coast is a cas
stui'y in the development of cole
niat policies. It deals with sever
problems oi widespread interest.
Present interest in the encourage
ment of world trdae and emphasis
on aiding underdeveloped areas of
the world is highlighted by "The
Gold Coast: A Survey of the Gold
Coast and Biitish Togoland, 1919-
194G," recently published by the
Stanford Press.
The book was compiled from the
Hoover Library collection of Gold
Coast documents and is the twenty
third in the Hoover Library series.
It was written by F. M. Bourret,
who is now with the history de

partment at San Francisco Collet
for Women.
1 his first political and econonv
survev of the Gold Coast is a cas
stui'y in the development of cole
niat policies. It deals with sever
problems oi widespread interest.
Present interest in the encourage
ment of world trdae and emphasis
on aiding underdeveloped areas of
the world is highlighted by "The
Gold Coast: A Survey of the Gold
Coast and Biitish Togoland, 1919-
194G," recently published by the
Stanford Press.
The book was compiled from the
Hoover Library collection of Gold
Coast documents and is the twenty
third in the Hoover Library series.
It was written by F. M. Bourret,
who is now with the history de

partment at San Francisco Collet
for Women.
1 his first political and econonv
survev of the Gold Coast is a cas
stui'y in the development of cole
niat policies. It deals with sever
problems oi widespread interest.
Present interest in the encourage
ment of world trdae and emphasis
on aiding underdeveloped areas of
the world is highlighted by "The
Gold Coast: A Survey of the Gold
Coast and Biitish Togoland, 1919-
194G," recently published by the
Stanford Press.
The book was compiled from the
Hoover Library collection of Gold
Coast documents and is the twenty
third in the Hoover Library series.
It was written by F. M. Bourret,
who is now with the history de

partment at San Francisco Collet
for Women.
1 his first political and econonv
survev of the Gold Coast is a cas
stui'y in the development of cole
niat policies. It deals with sever
problems oi widespread interest.
