# HOTCHKISS ELECTED
## 
### 
Janet Hotchkiss was elected chair
man of next year's Housing Com
mittee at the committee meeting
last Thursday. Women interested in
being on the committee next year
should contact her at Union somen
time this week.
Janet Hotchkiss was elected chair
man of next year's Housing Com
mittee at the committee meeting
last Thursday. Women interested in
being on the committee next year
should contact her at Union somen
time this week.
Janet Hotchkiss was elected chair
man of next year's Housing Com
mittee at the committee meeting
last Thursday. Women interested in
being on the committee next year
should contact her at Union somen
time this week.
Janet Hotchkiss was elected chair
man of next year's Housing Com
mittee at the committee meeting
last Thursday. Women interested in
being on the committee next year
should contact her at Union somen
time this week.
Janet Hotchkiss was elected chair
man of next year's Housing Com
mittee at the committee meeting
last Thursday. Women interested in
being on the committee next year
should contact her at Union somen
time this week.
Janet Hotchkiss was elected chair
man of next year's Housing Com
mittee at the committee meeting
last Thursday. Women interested in
being on the committee next year
should contact her at Union somen
time this week.
Janet Hotchkiss was elected chair
man of next year's Housing Com
mittee at the committee meeting
last Thursday. Women interested in
being on the committee next year
should contact her at Union somen
time this week.
Janet Hotchkiss was elected chair
man of next year's Housing Com
mittee at the committee meeting
last Thursday. Women interested in
being on the committee next year
should contact her at Union somen
time this week.
Janet Hotchkiss was elected chair
man of next year's Housing Com
mittee at the committee meeting
last Thursday. Women interested in
being on the committee next year
should contact her at Union somen
time this week.
Janet Hotchkiss was elected chair
man of next year's Housing Com
mittee at the committee meeting
last Thursday. Women interested in
being on the committee next year
should contact her at Union somen
time this week.
Janet Hotchkiss was elected chair
man of next year's Housing Com
mittee at the committee meeting
last Thursday. Women interested in
being on the committee next year
should contact her at Union somen
time this week.
Janet Hotchkiss was elected chair
man of next year's Housing Com
mittee at the committee meeting
last Thursday. Women interested in
being on the committee next year
should contact her at Union somen
time this week.
Janet Hotchkiss was elected chair
man of next year's Housing Com
mittee at the committee meeting
last Thursday. Women interested in
being on the committee next year
should contact her at Union somen
time this week.
Janet Hotchkiss was elected chair
man of next year's Housing Com
mittee at the committee meeting
last Thursday. Women interested in
being on the committee next year
should contact her at Union somen
time this week.
