# Cardinal Try outs
## 
### 
Tryouts for membership on Cardi
nals next year will be held tomor
row, Thursday, and Friday from 3
to 5 p.m. in the Cardinals room,
third floor of the Old Union.
Students who have a C average
and who will be juniors or seniors
next year are eligible to try out.
The five juniors and five seniors
who will be chosen will serve all
next year. These will be six men
Tryouts for membership on Cardi
nals next year will be held tomor
row, Thursday, and Friday from 3
to 5 p.m. in the Cardinals room,
third floor of the Old Union.
Students who have a C average
and who will be juniors or seniors
next year are eligible to try out.
The five juniors and five seniors
who will be chosen will serve all
next year. These will be six men
Tryouts for membership on Cardi
nals next year will be held tomor
row, Thursday, and Friday from 3
to 5 p.m. in the Cardinals room,
third floor of the Old Union.
Students who have a C average
and who will be juniors or seniors
next year are eligible to try out.
The five juniors and five seniors
who will be chosen will serve all
next year. These will be six men
Tryouts for membership on Cardi
nals next year will be held tomor
row, Thursday, and Friday from 3
to 5 p.m. in the Cardinals room,
third floor of the Old Union.
Students who have a C average
and who will be juniors or seniors
next year are eligible to try out.
The five juniors and five seniors
who will be chosen will serve all
next year. These will be six men
Tryouts for membership on Cardi
nals next year will be held tomor
row, Thursday, and Friday from 3
to 5 p.m. in the Cardinals room,
third floor of the Old Union.
Students who have a C average
and who will be juniors or seniors
next year are eligible to try out.
The five juniors and five seniors
who will be chosen will serve all
next year. These will be six men
Tryouts for membership on Cardi
nals next year will be held tomor
row, Thursday, and Friday from 3
to 5 p.m. in the Cardinals room,
third floor of the Old Union.
Students who have a C average
and who will be juniors or seniors
next year are eligible to try out.
The five juniors and five seniors
who will be chosen will serve all
next year. These will be six men
Tryouts for membership on Cardi
nals next year will be held tomor
row, Thursday, and Friday from 3
to 5 p.m. in the Cardinals room,
third floor of the Old Union.
Students who have a C average
and who will be juniors or seniors
next year are eligible to try out.
The five juniors and five seniors
who will be chosen will serve all
next year. These will be six men
Tryouts for membership on Cardi
nals next year will be held tomor
row, Thursday, and Friday from 3
to 5 p.m. in the Cardinals room,
third floor of the Old Union.
Students who have a C average
and who will be juniors or seniors
next year are eligible to try out.
The five juniors and five seniors
who will be chosen will serve all
next year. These will be six men
Tryouts for membership on Cardi
nals next year will be held tomor
row, Thursday, and Friday from 3
to 5 p.m. in the Cardinals room,
third floor of the Old Union.
Students who have a C average
and who will be juniors or seniors
next year are eligible to try out.
The five juniors and five seniors
who will be chosen will serve all
next year. These will be six men
Tryouts for membership on Cardi
nals next year will be held tomor
row, Thursday, and Friday from 3
to 5 p.m. in the Cardinals room,
third floor of the Old Union.
Students who have a C average
and who will be juniors or seniors
next year are eligible to try out.
The five juniors and five seniors
who will be chosen will serve all
next year. These will be six men
Tryouts for membership on Cardi
nals next year will be held tomor
row, Thursday, and Friday from 3
to 5 p.m. in the Cardinals room,
third floor of the Old Union.
Students who have a C average
and who will be juniors or seniors
next year are eligible to try out.
The five juniors and five seniors
who will be chosen will serve all
next year. These will be six men
Tryouts for membership on Cardi
nals next year will be held tomor
row, Thursday, and Friday from 3
to 5 p.m. in the Cardinals room,
third floor of the Old Union.
Students who have a C average
and who will be juniors or seniors
next year are eligible to try out.
The five juniors and five seniors
who will be chosen will serve all
next year. These will be six men
Tryouts for membership on Cardi
nals next year will be held tomor
row, Thursday, and Friday from 3
to 5 p.m. in the Cardinals room,
third floor of the Old Union.
Students who have a C average
and who will be juniors or seniors
next year are eligible to try out.
The five juniors and five seniors
who will be chosen will serve all
next year. These will be six men
Tryouts for membership on Cardi
nals next year will be held tomor
row, Thursday, and Friday from 3
to 5 p.m. in the Cardinals room,
third floor of the Old Union.
Students who have a C average
and who will be juniors or seniors
next year are eligible to try out.
The five juniors and five seniors
who will be chosen will serve all
next year. These will be six men
