# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The discussion of our debating
system which whs carried 011
through the columns of The Daily
Palo Alto immediately following
ihe intercollegiate debate of last
April will have come to naught if
we do not this year send a team
against California better prepared
than were those which represented
us in the last two contests. Our
defeats demonstrated beyond a
doubt that something is wrong, but
just what this is was not clearly
brought out either by debates or by
the discussion which followed. It
is certainly not too early to take up
the matter again, and we invite a
thorough use of the columns of this
paper by those interested, to the
end that debating matters at Stan
ford be placed on a tinner footing.
The discussion of our debating
system which whs carried 011
through the columns of The Daily
Palo Alto immediately following
ihe intercollegiate debate of last
April will have come to naught if
we do not this year send a team
against California better prepared
than were those which represented
us in the last two contests. Our
defeats demonstrated beyond a
doubt that something is wrong, but
just what this is was not clearly
brought out either by debates or by
the discussion which followed. It
is certainly not too early to take up
the matter again, and we invite a
thorough use of the columns of this
paper by those interested, to the
end that debating matters at Stan
ford be placed on a tinner footing.
The discussion of our debating
system which whs carried 011
through the columns of The Daily
Palo Alto immediately following
ihe intercollegiate debate of last
April will have come to naught if
we do not this year send a team
against California better prepared
than were those which represented
us in the last two contests. Our
defeats demonstrated beyond a
doubt that something is wrong, but
just what this is was not clearly
brought out either by debates or by
the discussion which followed. It
is certainly not too early to take up
the matter again, and we invite a
thorough use of the columns of this
paper by those interested, to the
end that debating matters at Stan
ford be placed on a tinner footing.
The discussion of our debating
system which whs carried 011
through the columns of The Daily
Palo Alto immediately following
ihe intercollegiate debate of last
April will have come to naught if
we do not this year send a team
against California better prepared
than were those which represented
us in the last two contests. Our
defeats demonstrated beyond a
doubt that something is wrong, but
just what this is was not clearly
brought out either by debates or by
the discussion which followed. It
is certainly not too early to take up
the matter again, and we invite a
thorough use of the columns of this
paper by those interested, to the
end that debating matters at Stan
ford be placed on a tinner footing.
The discussion of our debating
system which whs carried 011
through the columns of The Daily
Palo Alto immediately following
ihe intercollegiate debate of last
April will have come to naught if
we do not this year send a team
against California better prepared
than were those which represented
us in the last two contests. Our
defeats demonstrated beyond a
doubt that something is wrong, but
just what this is was not clearly
brought out either by debates or by
the discussion which followed. It
is certainly not too early to take up
the matter again, and we invite a
thorough use of the columns of this
paper by those interested, to the
end that debating matters at Stan
ford be placed on a tinner footing.
