# Action Today
## 
### 
The Varsity baseball team
challenges San Jose State today
at 3:00 in the Sunken Diamond,
weather permitting.
The Varsity baseball team
challenges San Jose State today
at 3:00 in the Sunken Diamond,
weather permitting.
The Varsity baseball team
challenges San Jose State today
at 3:00 in the Sunken Diamond,
weather permitting.
The Varsity baseball team
challenges San Jose State today
at 3:00 in the Sunken Diamond,
weather permitting.
The Varsity baseball team
challenges San Jose State today
at 3:00 in the Sunken Diamond,
weather permitting.
The Varsity baseball team
challenges San Jose State today
at 3:00 in the Sunken Diamond,
weather permitting.
The Varsity baseball team
challenges San Jose State today
at 3:00 in the Sunken Diamond,
weather permitting.
The Varsity baseball team
challenges San Jose State today
at 3:00 in the Sunken Diamond,
weather permitting.
The Varsity baseball team
challenges San Jose State today
at 3:00 in the Sunken Diamond,
weather permitting.
The Varsity baseball team
challenges San Jose State today
at 3:00 in the Sunken Diamond,
weather permitting.
The Varsity baseball team
challenges San Jose State today
at 3:00 in the Sunken Diamond,
weather permitting.
The Varsity baseball team
challenges San Jose State today
at 3:00 in the Sunken Diamond,
weather permitting.
The Varsity baseball team
challenges San Jose State today
at 3:00 in the Sunken Diamond,
weather permitting.
The Varsity baseball team
challenges San Jose State today
at 3:00 in the Sunken Diamond,
weather permitting.
The Varsity baseball team
challenges San Jose State today
at 3:00 in the Sunken Diamond,
weather permitting.
