# Guys And Gal
## 
### 

Mendicants, who will bo singing
at Spring Sing, are soon to re
lease an album in stereo, "A
Fellow Needs A Girl."

Mendicants, who will bo singing
at Spring Sing, are soon to re
lease an album in stereo, "A
Fellow Needs A Girl."

Mendicants, who will bo singing
at Spring Sing, are soon to re
lease an album in stereo, "A
Fellow Needs A Girl."

Mendicants, who will bo singing
at Spring Sing, are soon to re
lease an album in stereo, "A
Fellow Needs A Girl."

Mendicants, who will bo singing
at Spring Sing, are soon to re
lease an album in stereo, "A
Fellow Needs A Girl."

Mendicants, who will bo singing
at Spring Sing, are soon to re
lease an album in stereo, "A
Fellow Needs A Girl."

Mendicants, who will bo singing
at Spring Sing, are soon to re
lease an album in stereo, "A
Fellow Needs A Girl."

Mendicants, who will bo singing
at Spring Sing, are soon to re
lease an album in stereo, "A
Fellow Needs A Girl."

Mendicants, who will bo singing
at Spring Sing, are soon to re
lease an album in stereo, "A
Fellow Needs A Girl."

Mendicants, who will bo singing
at Spring Sing, are soon to re
lease an album in stereo, "A
Fellow Needs A Girl."

Mendicants, who will bo singing
at Spring Sing, are soon to re
lease an album in stereo, "A
Fellow Needs A Girl."

Mendicants, who will bo singing
at Spring Sing, are soon to re
lease an album in stereo, "A
Fellow Needs A Girl."

Mendicants, who will bo singing
at Spring Sing, are soon to re
lease an album in stereo, "A
Fellow Needs A Girl."

Mendicants, who will bo singing
at Spring Sing, are soon to re
lease an album in stereo, "A
Fellow Needs A Girl."

Mendicants, who will bo singing
at Spring Sing, are soon to re
lease an album in stereo, "A
Fellow Needs A Girl."
