# Cyclists Compete
## 
### 
The fourth annual Western
Region Intercollegiate Bicycle
Championships were held last
Saturday at UC Santa Barbara
under the auspices of the Inter
collegiate division of the Ama
teur Bicycle League of America.
Stanford's team, consisting of
Tom Byrnes, Mike Colpitts, and
Rich Hammen, entered for the
first time. The team failed to
place among the top teams after
a third place in the trials, but
Hammen placed fourth in the
individual sprints.


Tom Byrnes
The fourth annual Western
Region Intercollegiate Bicycle
Championships were held last
Saturday at UC Santa Barbara
under the auspices of the Inter
collegiate division of the Ama
teur Bicycle League of America.
Stanford's team, consisting of
Tom Byrnes, Mike Colpitts, and
Rich Hammen, entered for the
first time. The team failed to
place among the top teams after
a third place in the trials, but
Hammen placed fourth in the
individual sprints.


Tom Byrnes
The fourth annual Western
Region Intercollegiate Bicycle
Championships were held last
Saturday at UC Santa Barbara
under the auspices of the Inter
collegiate division of the Ama
teur Bicycle League of America.
Stanford's team, consisting of
Tom Byrnes, Mike Colpitts, and
Rich Hammen, entered for the
first time. The team failed to
place among the top teams after
a third place in the trials, but
Hammen placed fourth in the
individual sprints.


Tom Byrnes
The fourth annual Western
Region Intercollegiate Bicycle
Championships were held last
Saturday at UC Santa Barbara
under the auspices of the Inter
collegiate division of the Ama
teur Bicycle League of America.
Stanford's team, consisting of
Tom Byrnes, Mike Colpitts, and
Rich Hammen, entered for the
first time. The team failed to
place among the top teams after
a third place in the trials, but
Hammen placed fourth in the
individual sprints.


Tom Byrnes
The fourth annual Western
Region Intercollegiate Bicycle
Championships were held last
Saturday at UC Santa Barbara
under the auspices of the Inter
collegiate division of the Ama
teur Bicycle League of America.
Stanford's team, consisting of
Tom Byrnes, Mike Colpitts, and
Rich Hammen, entered for the
first time. The team failed to
place among the top teams after
a third place in the trials, but
Hammen placed fourth in the
individual sprints.


Tom Byrnes
The fourth annual Western
Region Intercollegiate Bicycle
Championships were held last
Saturday at UC Santa Barbara
under the auspices of the Inter
collegiate division of the Ama
teur Bicycle League of America.
Stanford's team, consisting of
Tom Byrnes, Mike Colpitts, and
Rich Hammen, entered for the
first time. The team failed to
place among the top teams after
a third place in the trials, but
Hammen placed fourth in the
individual sprints.


Tom Byrnes
The fourth annual Western
Region Intercollegiate Bicycle
Championships were held last
Saturday at UC Santa Barbara
under the auspices of the Inter
collegiate division of the Ama
teur Bicycle League of America.
Stanford's team, consisting of
Tom Byrnes, Mike Colpitts, and
Rich Hammen, entered for the
first time. The team failed to
place among the top teams after
a third place in the trials, but
Hammen placed fourth in the
individual sprints.


Tom Byrnes
The fourth annual Western
Region Intercollegiate Bicycle
Championships were held last
Saturday at UC Santa Barbara
under the auspices of the Inter
collegiate division of the Ama
teur Bicycle League of America.
Stanford's team, consisting of
Tom Byrnes, Mike Colpitts, and
Rich Hammen, entered for the
first time. The team failed to
place among the top teams after
a third place in the trials, but
Hammen placed fourth in the
individual sprints.


Tom Byrnes
The fourth annual Western
Region Intercollegiate Bicycle
Championships were held last
Saturday at UC Santa Barbara
under the auspices of the Inter
collegiate division of the Ama
teur Bicycle League of America.
Stanford's team, consisting of
Tom Byrnes, Mike Colpitts, and
Rich Hammen, entered for the
first time. The team failed to
place among the top teams after
a third place in the trials, but
Hammen placed fourth in the
individual sprints.


Tom Byrnes
The fourth annual Western
Region Intercollegiate Bicycle
Championships were held last
Saturday at UC Santa Barbara
under the auspices of the Inter
collegiate division of the Ama
teur Bicycle League of America.
Stanford's team, consisting of
Tom Byrnes, Mike Colpitts, and
Rich Hammen, entered for the
first time. The team failed to
place among the top teams after
a third place in the trials, but
Hammen placed fourth in the
individual sprints.


Tom Byrnes
The fourth annual Western
Region Intercollegiate Bicycle
Championships were held last
Saturday at UC Santa Barbara
under the auspices of the Inter
collegiate division of the Ama
teur Bicycle League of America.
Stanford's team, consisting of
Tom Byrnes, Mike Colpitts, and
Rich Hammen, entered for the
first time. The team failed to
place among the top teams after
a third place in the trials, but
Hammen placed fourth in the
individual sprints.


Tom Byrnes
The fourth annual Western
Region Intercollegiate Bicycle
Championships were held last
Saturday at UC Santa Barbara
under the auspices of the Inter
collegiate division of the Ama
teur Bicycle League of America.
Stanford's team, consisting of
Tom Byrnes, Mike Colpitts, and
Rich Hammen, entered for the
first time. The team failed to
place among the top teams after
a third place in the trials, but
Hammen placed fourth in the
individual sprints.


Tom Byrnes
The fourth annual Western
Region Intercollegiate Bicycle
Championships were held last
Saturday at UC Santa Barbara
under the auspices of the Inter
collegiate division of the Ama
teur Bicycle League of America.
Stanford's team, consisting of
Tom Byrnes, Mike Colpitts, and
Rich Hammen, entered for the
first time. The team failed to
place among the top teams after
a third place in the trials, but
Hammen placed fourth in the
individual sprints.


Tom Byrnes
The fourth annual Western
Region Intercollegiate Bicycle
Championships were held last
Saturday at UC Santa Barbara
under the auspices of the Inter
collegiate division of the Ama
teur Bicycle League of America.
Stanford's team, consisting of
Tom Byrnes, Mike Colpitts, and
Rich Hammen, entered for the
first time. The team failed to
place among the top teams after
a third place in the trials, but
Hammen placed fourth in the
individual sprints.


Tom Byrnes
The fourth annual Western
Region Intercollegiate Bicycle
Championships were held last
Saturday at UC Santa Barbara
under the auspices of the Inter
collegiate division of the Ama
teur Bicycle League of America.
Stanford's team, consisting of
Tom Byrnes, Mike Colpitts, and
Rich Hammen, entered for the
first time. The team failed to
place among the top teams after
a third place in the trials, but
Hammen placed fourth in the
individual sprints.


Tom Byrnes
