# ENTRANTS IN MURAL, OPEN GOLF TOURNEY TEE OFF TOMORROW
## More Than Hundred Campus, Alumni Golfers Enter Driving Contest 
### 
More than a hundred campus and
alumni golfers will tee off tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock in the intra
mural and open golf-driving contest.
Divided into two classes, the tourna
ment this year allows varsity, fresh
man squad, faculty, and alumni to par
ticipate for the first time since the
tourney originated.
The Charles Holt trophy will be
awarded the winner of Class A, which
includes all registered students who
have not won letters or numerals in
golf. Class Bis open to all letter and
numeral men, faculty, graduate stu
dents, and alumni. Twelve golf balls
donated by Smith's and a $5.50 meal
ticket from Hackell's will be given
as prizes.
Fifty men have signed up now for
the tournament and all others will be
given the chance to sign in Encina
Gym. Charles W. Davis announced
yesterday that all students will be
eligible for competition whether they
have signed up or not. As the men
will tee off in the order of their
names, he advises the men to sign at
once. Don Anderson, golf manager,
asked all those entering the contest
to bring their own golf balls and
drivers if possible.
More than a hundred campus and
alumni golfers will tee off tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock in the intra
mural and open golf-driving contest.
Divided into two classes, the tourna
ment this year allows varsity, fresh
man squad, faculty, and alumni to par
ticipate for the first time since the
tourney originated.
The Charles Holt trophy will be
awarded the winner of Class A, which
includes all registered students who
have not won letters or numerals in
golf. Class Bis open to all letter and
numeral men, faculty, graduate stu
dents, and alumni. Twelve golf balls
donated by Smith's and a $5.50 meal
ticket from Hackell's will be given
as prizes.
Fifty men have signed up now for
the tournament and all others will be
given the chance to sign in Encina
Gym. Charles W. Davis announced
yesterday that all students will be
eligible for competition whether they
have signed up or not. As the men
will tee off in the order of their
names, he advises the men to sign at
once. Don Anderson, golf manager,
asked all those entering the contest
to bring their own golf balls and
drivers if possible.
More than a hundred campus and
alumni golfers will tee off tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock in the intra
mural and open golf-driving contest.
Divided into two classes, the tourna
ment this year allows varsity, fresh
man squad, faculty, and alumni to par
ticipate for the first time since the
tourney originated.
The Charles Holt trophy will be
awarded the winner of Class A, which
includes all registered students who
have not won letters or numerals in
golf. Class Bis open to all letter and
numeral men, faculty, graduate stu
dents, and alumni. Twelve golf balls
donated by Smith's and a $5.50 meal
ticket from Hackell's will be given
as prizes.
Fifty men have signed up now for
the tournament and all others will be
given the chance to sign in Encina
Gym. Charles W. Davis announced
yesterday that all students will be
eligible for competition whether they
have signed up or not. As the men
will tee off in the order of their
names, he advises the men to sign at
once. Don Anderson, golf manager,
asked all those entering the contest
to bring their own golf balls and
drivers if possible.
More than a hundred campus and
alumni golfers will tee off tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock in the intra
mural and open golf-driving contest.
Divided into two classes, the tourna
ment this year allows varsity, fresh
man squad, faculty, and alumni to par
ticipate for the first time since the
tourney originated.
The Charles Holt trophy will be
awarded the winner of Class A, which
includes all registered students who
have not won letters or numerals in
golf. Class Bis open to all letter and
numeral men, faculty, graduate stu
dents, and alumni. Twelve golf balls
donated by Smith's and a $5.50 meal
ticket from Hackell's will be given
as prizes.
Fifty men have signed up now for
the tournament and all others will be
given the chance to sign in Encina
Gym. Charles W. Davis announced
yesterday that all students will be
eligible for competition whether they
have signed up or not. As the men
will tee off in the order of their
names, he advises the men to sign at
once. Don Anderson, golf manager,
asked all those entering the contest
to bring their own golf balls and
drivers if possible.
More than a hundred campus and
alumni golfers will tee off tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock in the intra
mural and open golf-driving contest.
Divided into two classes, the tourna
ment this year allows varsity, fresh
man squad, faculty, and alumni to par
ticipate for the first time since the
tourney originated.
The Charles Holt trophy will be
awarded the winner of Class A, which
includes all registered students who
have not won letters or numerals in
golf. Class Bis open to all letter and
numeral men, faculty, graduate stu
dents, and alumni. Twelve golf balls
donated by Smith's and a $5.50 meal
ticket from Hackell's will be given
as prizes.
Fifty men have signed up now for
the tournament and all others will be
given the chance to sign in Encina
Gym. Charles W. Davis announced
yesterday that all students will be
eligible for competition whether they
have signed up or not. As the men
will tee off in the order of their
names, he advises the men to sign at
once. Don Anderson, golf manager,
asked all those entering the contest
to bring their own golf balls and
drivers if possible.
More than a hundred campus and
alumni golfers will tee off tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock in the intra
mural and open golf-driving contest.
Divided into two classes, the tourna
ment this year allows varsity, fresh
man squad, faculty, and alumni to par
ticipate for the first time since the
tourney originated.
The Charles Holt trophy will be
awarded the winner of Class A, which
includes all registered students who
have not won letters or numerals in
golf. Class Bis open to all letter and
numeral men, faculty, graduate stu
dents, and alumni. Twelve golf balls
donated by Smith's and a $5.50 meal
ticket from Hackell's will be given
as prizes.
Fifty men have signed up now for
the tournament and all others will be
given the chance to sign in Encina
Gym. Charles W. Davis announced
yesterday that all students will be
eligible for competition whether they
have signed up or not. As the men
will tee off in the order of their
names, he advises the men to sign at
once. Don Anderson, golf manager,
asked all those entering the contest
to bring their own golf balls and
drivers if possible.
More than a hundred campus and
alumni golfers will tee off tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock in the intra
mural and open golf-driving contest.
Divided into two classes, the tourna
ment this year allows varsity, fresh
man squad, faculty, and alumni to par
ticipate for the first time since the
tourney originated.
The Charles Holt trophy will be
awarded the winner of Class A, which
includes all registered students who
have not won letters or numerals in
golf. Class Bis open to all letter and
numeral men, faculty, graduate stu
dents, and alumni. Twelve golf balls
donated by Smith's and a $5.50 meal
ticket from Hackell's will be given
as prizes.
Fifty men have signed up now for
the tournament and all others will be
given the chance to sign in Encina
Gym. Charles W. Davis announced
yesterday that all students will be
eligible for competition whether they
have signed up or not. As the men
will tee off in the order of their
names, he advises the men to sign at
once. Don Anderson, golf manager,
asked all those entering the contest
to bring their own golf balls and
drivers if possible.
More than a hundred campus and
alumni golfers will tee off tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock in the intra
mural and open golf-driving contest.
Divided into two classes, the tourna
ment this year allows varsity, fresh
man squad, faculty, and alumni to par
ticipate for the first time since the
tourney originated.
The Charles Holt trophy will be
awarded the winner of Class A, which
includes all registered students who
have not won letters or numerals in
golf. Class Bis open to all letter and
numeral men, faculty, graduate stu
dents, and alumni. Twelve golf balls
donated by Smith's and a $5.50 meal
ticket from Hackell's will be given
as prizes.
Fifty men have signed up now for
the tournament and all others will be
given the chance to sign in Encina
Gym. Charles W. Davis announced
yesterday that all students will be
eligible for competition whether they
have signed up or not. As the men
will tee off in the order of their
names, he advises the men to sign at
once. Don Anderson, golf manager,
asked all those entering the contest
to bring their own golf balls and
drivers if possible.
More than a hundred campus and
alumni golfers will tee off tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock in the intra
mural and open golf-driving contest.
Divided into two classes, the tourna
ment this year allows varsity, fresh
man squad, faculty, and alumni to par
ticipate for the first time since the
tourney originated.
The Charles Holt trophy will be
awarded the winner of Class A, which
includes all registered students who
have not won letters or numerals in
golf. Class Bis open to all letter and
numeral men, faculty, graduate stu
dents, and alumni. Twelve golf balls
donated by Smith's and a $5.50 meal
ticket from Hackell's will be given
as prizes.
Fifty men have signed up now for
the tournament and all others will be
given the chance to sign in Encina
Gym. Charles W. Davis announced
yesterday that all students will be
eligible for competition whether they
have signed up or not. As the men
will tee off in the order of their
names, he advises the men to sign at
once. Don Anderson, golf manager,
asked all those entering the contest
to bring their own golf balls and
drivers if possible.
More than a hundred campus and
alumni golfers will tee off tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock in the intra
mural and open golf-driving contest.
Divided into two classes, the tourna
ment this year allows varsity, fresh
man squad, faculty, and alumni to par
ticipate for the first time since the
tourney originated.
The Charles Holt trophy will be
awarded the winner of Class A, which
includes all registered students who
have not won letters or numerals in
golf. Class Bis open to all letter and
numeral men, faculty, graduate stu
dents, and alumni. Twelve golf balls
donated by Smith's and a $5.50 meal
ticket from Hackell's will be given
as prizes.
Fifty men have signed up now for
the tournament and all others will be
given the chance to sign in Encina
Gym. Charles W. Davis announced
yesterday that all students will be
eligible for competition whether they
have signed up or not. As the men
will tee off in the order of their
names, he advises the men to sign at
once. Don Anderson, golf manager,
asked all those entering the contest
to bring their own golf balls and
drivers if possible.
More than a hundred campus and
alumni golfers will tee off tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock in the intra
mural and open golf-driving contest.
Divided into two classes, the tourna
ment this year allows varsity, fresh
man squad, faculty, and alumni to par
ticipate for the first time since the
tourney originated.
The Charles Holt trophy will be
awarded the winner of Class A, which
includes all registered students who
have not won letters or numerals in
golf. Class Bis open to all letter and
numeral men, faculty, graduate stu
dents, and alumni. Twelve golf balls
donated by Smith's and a $5.50 meal
ticket from Hackell's will be given
as prizes.
Fifty men have signed up now for
the tournament and all others will be
given the chance to sign in Encina
Gym. Charles W. Davis announced
yesterday that all students will be
eligible for competition whether they
have signed up or not. As the men
will tee off in the order of their
names, he advises the men to sign at
once. Don Anderson, golf manager,
asked all those entering the contest
to bring their own golf balls and
drivers if possible.
More than a hundred campus and
alumni golfers will tee off tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock in the intra
mural and open golf-driving contest.
Divided into two classes, the tourna
ment this year allows varsity, fresh
man squad, faculty, and alumni to par
ticipate for the first time since the
tourney originated.
The Charles Holt trophy will be
awarded the winner of Class A, which
includes all registered students who
have not won letters or numerals in
golf. Class Bis open to all letter and
numeral men, faculty, graduate stu
dents, and alumni. Twelve golf balls
donated by Smith's and a $5.50 meal
ticket from Hackell's will be given
as prizes.
Fifty men have signed up now for
the tournament and all others will be
given the chance to sign in Encina
Gym. Charles W. Davis announced
yesterday that all students will be
eligible for competition whether they
have signed up or not. As the men
will tee off in the order of their
names, he advises the men to sign at
once. Don Anderson, golf manager,
asked all those entering the contest
to bring their own golf balls and
drivers if possible.
More than a hundred campus and
alumni golfers will tee off tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock in the intra
mural and open golf-driving contest.
Divided into two classes, the tourna
ment this year allows varsity, fresh
man squad, faculty, and alumni to par
ticipate for the first time since the
tourney originated.
The Charles Holt trophy will be
awarded the winner of Class A, which
includes all registered students who
have not won letters or numerals in
golf. Class Bis open to all letter and
numeral men, faculty, graduate stu
dents, and alumni. Twelve golf balls
donated by Smith's and a $5.50 meal
ticket from Hackell's will be given
as prizes.
Fifty men have signed up now for
the tournament and all others will be
given the chance to sign in Encina
Gym. Charles W. Davis announced
yesterday that all students will be
eligible for competition whether they
have signed up or not. As the men
will tee off in the order of their
names, he advises the men to sign at
once. Don Anderson, golf manager,
asked all those entering the contest
to bring their own golf balls and
drivers if possible.
More than a hundred campus and
alumni golfers will tee off tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock in the intra
mural and open golf-driving contest.
Divided into two classes, the tourna
ment this year allows varsity, fresh
man squad, faculty, and alumni to par
ticipate for the first time since the
tourney originated.
The Charles Holt trophy will be
awarded the winner of Class A, which
includes all registered students who
have not won letters or numerals in
golf. Class Bis open to all letter and
numeral men, faculty, graduate stu
dents, and alumni. Twelve golf balls
donated by Smith's and a $5.50 meal
ticket from Hackell's will be given
as prizes.
Fifty men have signed up now for
the tournament and all others will be
given the chance to sign in Encina
Gym. Charles W. Davis announced
yesterday that all students will be
eligible for competition whether they
have signed up or not. As the men
will tee off in the order of their
names, he advises the men to sign at
once. Don Anderson, golf manager,
asked all those entering the contest
to bring their own golf balls and
drivers if possible.
More than a hundred campus and
alumni golfers will tee off tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock in the intra
mural and open golf-driving contest.
Divided into two classes, the tourna
ment this year allows varsity, fresh
man squad, faculty, and alumni to par
ticipate for the first time since the
tourney originated.
The Charles Holt trophy will be
awarded the winner of Class A, which
includes all registered students who
have not won letters or numerals in
golf. Class Bis open to all letter and
numeral men, faculty, graduate stu
dents, and alumni. Twelve golf balls
donated by Smith's and a $5.50 meal
ticket from Hackell's will be given
as prizes.
Fifty men have signed up now for
the tournament and all others will be
given the chance to sign in Encina
Gym. Charles W. Davis announced
yesterday that all students will be
eligible for competition whether they
have signed up or not. As the men
will tee off in the order of their
names, he advises the men to sign at
once. Don Anderson, golf manager,
asked all those entering the contest
to bring their own golf balls and
drivers if possible.
More than a hundred campus and
alumni golfers will tee off tomorrow
morning at 10 o'clock in the intra
mural and open golf-driving contest.
Divided into two classes, the tourna
ment this year allows varsity, fresh
man squad, faculty, and alumni to par
ticipate for the first time since the
tourney originated.
The Charles Holt trophy will be
awarded the winner of Class A, which
includes all registered students who
have not won letters or numerals in
golf. Class Bis open to all letter and
numeral men, faculty, graduate stu
dents, and alumni. Twelve golf balls
donated by Smith's and a $5.50 meal
ticket from Hackell's will be given
as prizes.
Fifty men have signed up now for
the tournament and all others will be
given the chance to sign in Encina
Gym. Charles W. Davis announced
yesterday that all students will be
eligible for competition whether they
have signed up or not. As the men
will tee off in the order of their
names, he advises the men to sign at
once. Don Anderson, golf manager,
asked all those entering the contest
to bring their own golf balls and
drivers if possible.
