# Hidden Material Sought in Track Novelty at Bowdoin
## 
### 
BRUNSWICK, Maine, April 19. —

(I.P.) —A blind track meet was held
recently by Coach Magee of Bowdoin.
Each man drew three slips of paper
on which were listed three different
events. The men had to compete in
these three and no other. The idea
was to bring out hidden talent.
BRUNSWICK, Maine, April 19. —

(I.P.) —A blind track meet was held
recently by Coach Magee of Bowdoin.
Each man drew three slips of paper
on which were listed three different
events. The men had to compete in
these three and no other. The idea
was to bring out hidden talent.
BRUNSWICK, Maine, April 19. —

(I.P.) —A blind track meet was held
recently by Coach Magee of Bowdoin.
Each man drew three slips of paper
on which were listed three different
events. The men had to compete in
these three and no other. The idea
was to bring out hidden talent.
BRUNSWICK, Maine, April 19. —

(I.P.) —A blind track meet was held
recently by Coach Magee of Bowdoin.
Each man drew three slips of paper
on which were listed three different
events. The men had to compete in
these three and no other. The idea
was to bring out hidden talent.
BRUNSWICK, Maine, April 19. —

(I.P.) —A blind track meet was held
recently by Coach Magee of Bowdoin.
Each man drew three slips of paper
on which were listed three different
events. The men had to compete in
these three and no other. The idea
was to bring out hidden talent.
BRUNSWICK, Maine, April 19. —

(I.P.) —A blind track meet was held
recently by Coach Magee of Bowdoin.
Each man drew three slips of paper
on which were listed three different
events. The men had to compete in
these three and no other. The idea
was to bring out hidden talent.
BRUNSWICK, Maine, April 19. —

(I.P.) —A blind track meet was held
recently by Coach Magee of Bowdoin.
Each man drew three slips of paper
on which were listed three different
events. The men had to compete in
these three and no other. The idea
was to bring out hidden talent.
BRUNSWICK, Maine, April 19. —

(I.P.) —A blind track meet was held
recently by Coach Magee of Bowdoin.
Each man drew three slips of paper
on which were listed three different
events. The men had to compete in
these three and no other. The idea
was to bring out hidden talent.
BRUNSWICK, Maine, April 19. —

(I.P.) —A blind track meet was held
recently by Coach Magee of Bowdoin.
Each man drew three slips of paper
on which were listed three different
events. The men had to compete in
these three and no other. The idea
was to bring out hidden talent.
BRUNSWICK, Maine, April 19. —

(I.P.) —A blind track meet was held
recently by Coach Magee of Bowdoin.
Each man drew three slips of paper
on which were listed three different
events. The men had to compete in
these three and no other. The idea
was to bring out hidden talent.
BRUNSWICK, Maine, April 19. —

(I.P.) —A blind track meet was held
recently by Coach Magee of Bowdoin.
Each man drew three slips of paper
on which were listed three different
events. The men had to compete in
these three and no other. The idea
was to bring out hidden talent.
BRUNSWICK, Maine, April 19. —

(I.P.) —A blind track meet was held
recently by Coach Magee of Bowdoin.
Each man drew three slips of paper
on which were listed three different
events. The men had to compete in
these three and no other. The idea
was to bring out hidden talent.
BRUNSWICK, Maine, April 19. —

(I.P.) —A blind track meet was held
recently by Coach Magee of Bowdoin.
Each man drew three slips of paper
on which were listed three different
events. The men had to compete in
these three and no other. The idea
was to bring out hidden talent.
BRUNSWICK, Maine, April 19. —

(I.P.) —A blind track meet was held
recently by Coach Magee of Bowdoin.
Each man drew three slips of paper
on which were listed three different
events. The men had to compete in
these three and no other. The idea
was to bring out hidden talent.
BRUNSWICK, Maine, April 19. —

(I.P.) —A blind track meet was held
recently by Coach Magee of Bowdoin.
Each man drew three slips of paper
on which were listed three different
events. The men had to compete in
these three and no other. The idea
was to bring out hidden talent.
BRUNSWICK, Maine, April 19. —

(I.P.) —A blind track meet was held
recently by Coach Magee of Bowdoin.
Each man drew three slips of paper
on which were listed three different
events. The men had to compete in
these three and no other. The idea
was to bring out hidden talent.
