# TAKES 'EM FAST
## 
### 

Ross Nichols, Cardinal high hurdles ace, tries
occasionally to take the sticks too fast, a-* he did
in the O.C. meet and fell.

Ross Nichols, Cardinal high hurdles ace, tries
occasionally to take the sticks too fast, a-* he did
in the O.C. meet and fell.

Ross Nichols, Cardinal high hurdles ace, tries
occasionally to take the sticks too fast, a-* he did
in the O.C. meet and fell.

Ross Nichols, Cardinal high hurdles ace, tries
occasionally to take the sticks too fast, a-* he did
in the O.C. meet and fell.

Ross Nichols, Cardinal high hurdles ace, tries
occasionally to take the sticks too fast, a-* he did
in the O.C. meet and fell.

Ross Nichols, Cardinal high hurdles ace, tries
occasionally to take the sticks too fast, a-* he did
in the O.C. meet and fell.

Ross Nichols, Cardinal high hurdles ace, tries
occasionally to take the sticks too fast, a-* he did
in the O.C. meet and fell.

Ross Nichols, Cardinal high hurdles ace, tries
occasionally to take the sticks too fast, a-* he did
in the O.C. meet and fell.

Ross Nichols, Cardinal high hurdles ace, tries
occasionally to take the sticks too fast, a-* he did
in the O.C. meet and fell.

Ross Nichols, Cardinal high hurdles ace, tries
occasionally to take the sticks too fast, a-* he did
in the O.C. meet and fell.

Ross Nichols, Cardinal high hurdles ace, tries
occasionally to take the sticks too fast, a-* he did
in the O.C. meet and fell.

Ross Nichols, Cardinal high hurdles ace, tries
occasionally to take the sticks too fast, a-* he did
in the O.C. meet and fell.

Ross Nichols, Cardinal high hurdles ace, tries
occasionally to take the sticks too fast, a-* he did
in the O.C. meet and fell.

Ross Nichols, Cardinal high hurdles ace, tries
occasionally to take the sticks too fast, a-* he did
in the O.C. meet and fell.

Ross Nichols, Cardinal high hurdles ace, tries
occasionally to take the sticks too fast, a-* he did
in the O.C. meet and fell.

Ross Nichols, Cardinal high hurdles ace, tries
occasionally to take the sticks too fast, a-* he did
in the O.C. meet and fell.
