# TENNIS FINESSE
## 
### 

Captain .Alan llcrrington of the crack Stanford
tennis team is shown making one of the most dif
ficult shots of the game—a backhand half-volley.
The Cardinal leader is noted for his precise
stroking.

Captain .Alan llcrrington of the crack Stanford
tennis team is shown making one of the most dif
ficult shots of the game—a backhand half-volley.
The Cardinal leader is noted for his precise
stroking.

Captain .Alan llcrrington of the crack Stanford
tennis team is shown making one of the most dif
ficult shots of the game—a backhand half-volley.
The Cardinal leader is noted for his precise
stroking.

Captain .Alan llcrrington of the crack Stanford
tennis team is shown making one of the most dif
ficult shots of the game—a backhand half-volley.
The Cardinal leader is noted for his precise
stroking.

Captain .Alan llcrrington of the crack Stanford
tennis team is shown making one of the most dif
ficult shots of the game—a backhand half-volley.
The Cardinal leader is noted for his precise
stroking.

Captain .Alan llcrrington of the crack Stanford
tennis team is shown making one of the most dif
ficult shots of the game—a backhand half-volley.
The Cardinal leader is noted for his precise
stroking.

Captain .Alan llcrrington of the crack Stanford
tennis team is shown making one of the most dif
ficult shots of the game—a backhand half-volley.
The Cardinal leader is noted for his precise
stroking.

Captain .Alan llcrrington of the crack Stanford
tennis team is shown making one of the most dif
ficult shots of the game—a backhand half-volley.
The Cardinal leader is noted for his precise
stroking.

Captain .Alan llcrrington of the crack Stanford
tennis team is shown making one of the most dif
ficult shots of the game—a backhand half-volley.
The Cardinal leader is noted for his precise
stroking.

Captain .Alan llcrrington of the crack Stanford
tennis team is shown making one of the most dif
ficult shots of the game—a backhand half-volley.
The Cardinal leader is noted for his precise
stroking.

Captain .Alan llcrrington of the crack Stanford
tennis team is shown making one of the most dif
ficult shots of the game—a backhand half-volley.
The Cardinal leader is noted for his precise
stroking.

Captain .Alan llcrrington of the crack Stanford
tennis team is shown making one of the most dif
ficult shots of the game—a backhand half-volley.
The Cardinal leader is noted for his precise
stroking.

Captain .Alan llcrrington of the crack Stanford
tennis team is shown making one of the most dif
ficult shots of the game—a backhand half-volley.
The Cardinal leader is noted for his precise
stroking.

Captain .Alan llcrrington of the crack Stanford
tennis team is shown making one of the most dif
ficult shots of the game—a backhand half-volley.
The Cardinal leader is noted for his precise
stroking.

Captain .Alan llcrrington of the crack Stanford
tennis team is shown making one of the most dif
ficult shots of the game—a backhand half-volley.
The Cardinal leader is noted for his precise
stroking.

Captain .Alan llcrrington of the crack Stanford
tennis team is shown making one of the most dif
ficult shots of the game—a backhand half-volley.
The Cardinal leader is noted for his precise
stroking.
