# Washington's Grid Captain Will Not Play Next Fall
## 
### 
SEATLE, Wash—(P.l.P.) — Wash
ington's 1928 football team will be
without the services of Clarence
Dirks, its captain and outstanding
tackle, when the gridders turn out in
(he stadium next fall. Coach Bagshaw
advised Dirks not to turn out because
he has undergone too many major
operations. Dirks will withdraw from
school and enter business in Cali
fornia.
SEATLE, Wash—(P.l.P.) — Wash
ington's 1928 football team will be
without the services of Clarence
Dirks, its captain and outstanding
tackle, when the gridders turn out in
(he stadium next fall. Coach Bagshaw
advised Dirks not to turn out because
he has undergone too many major
operations. Dirks will withdraw from
school and enter business in Cali
fornia.
SEATLE, Wash—(P.l.P.) — Wash
ington's 1928 football team will be
without the services of Clarence
Dirks, its captain and outstanding
tackle, when the gridders turn out in
(he stadium next fall. Coach Bagshaw
advised Dirks not to turn out because
he has undergone too many major
operations. Dirks will withdraw from
school and enter business in Cali
fornia.
SEATLE, Wash—(P.l.P.) — Wash
ington's 1928 football team will be
without the services of Clarence
Dirks, its captain and outstanding
tackle, when the gridders turn out in
(he stadium next fall. Coach Bagshaw
advised Dirks not to turn out because
he has undergone too many major
operations. Dirks will withdraw from
school and enter business in Cali
fornia.
SEATLE, Wash—(P.l.P.) — Wash
ington's 1928 football team will be
without the services of Clarence
Dirks, its captain and outstanding
tackle, when the gridders turn out in
(he stadium next fall. Coach Bagshaw
advised Dirks not to turn out because
he has undergone too many major
operations. Dirks will withdraw from
school and enter business in Cali
fornia.
SEATLE, Wash—(P.l.P.) — Wash
ington's 1928 football team will be
without the services of Clarence
Dirks, its captain and outstanding
tackle, when the gridders turn out in
(he stadium next fall. Coach Bagshaw
advised Dirks not to turn out because
he has undergone too many major
operations. Dirks will withdraw from
school and enter business in Cali
fornia.
SEATLE, Wash—(P.l.P.) — Wash
ington's 1928 football team will be
without the services of Clarence
Dirks, its captain and outstanding
tackle, when the gridders turn out in
(he stadium next fall. Coach Bagshaw
advised Dirks not to turn out because
he has undergone too many major
operations. Dirks will withdraw from
school and enter business in Cali
fornia.
SEATLE, Wash—(P.l.P.) — Wash
ington's 1928 football team will be
without the services of Clarence
Dirks, its captain and outstanding
tackle, when the gridders turn out in
(he stadium next fall. Coach Bagshaw
advised Dirks not to turn out because
he has undergone too many major
operations. Dirks will withdraw from
school and enter business in Cali
fornia.
SEATLE, Wash—(P.l.P.) — Wash
ington's 1928 football team will be
without the services of Clarence
Dirks, its captain and outstanding
tackle, when the gridders turn out in
(he stadium next fall. Coach Bagshaw
advised Dirks not to turn out because
he has undergone too many major
operations. Dirks will withdraw from
school and enter business in Cali
fornia.
SEATLE, Wash—(P.l.P.) — Wash
ington's 1928 football team will be
without the services of Clarence
Dirks, its captain and outstanding
tackle, when the gridders turn out in
(he stadium next fall. Coach Bagshaw
advised Dirks not to turn out because
he has undergone too many major
operations. Dirks will withdraw from
school and enter business in Cali
fornia.
SEATLE, Wash—(P.l.P.) — Wash
ington's 1928 football team will be
without the services of Clarence
Dirks, its captain and outstanding
tackle, when the gridders turn out in
(he stadium next fall. Coach Bagshaw
advised Dirks not to turn out because
he has undergone too many major
operations. Dirks will withdraw from
school and enter business in Cali
fornia.
SEATLE, Wash—(P.l.P.) — Wash
ington's 1928 football team will be
without the services of Clarence
Dirks, its captain and outstanding
tackle, when the gridders turn out in
(he stadium next fall. Coach Bagshaw
advised Dirks not to turn out because
he has undergone too many major
operations. Dirks will withdraw from
school and enter business in Cali
fornia.
SEATLE, Wash—(P.l.P.) — Wash
ington's 1928 football team will be
without the services of Clarence
Dirks, its captain and outstanding
tackle, when the gridders turn out in
(he stadium next fall. Coach Bagshaw
advised Dirks not to turn out because
he has undergone too many major
operations. Dirks will withdraw from
school and enter business in Cali
fornia.
SEATLE, Wash—(P.l.P.) — Wash
ington's 1928 football team will be
without the services of Clarence
Dirks, its captain and outstanding
tackle, when the gridders turn out in
(he stadium next fall. Coach Bagshaw
advised Dirks not to turn out because
he has undergone too many major
operations. Dirks will withdraw from
school and enter business in Cali
fornia.
SEATLE, Wash—(P.l.P.) — Wash
ington's 1928 football team will be
without the services of Clarence
Dirks, its captain and outstanding
tackle, when the gridders turn out in
(he stadium next fall. Coach Bagshaw
advised Dirks not to turn out because
he has undergone too many major
operations. Dirks will withdraw from
school and enter business in Cali
fornia.
SEATLE, Wash—(P.l.P.) — Wash
ington's 1928 football team will be
without the services of Clarence
Dirks, its captain and outstanding
tackle, when the gridders turn out in
(he stadium next fall. Coach Bagshaw
advised Dirks not to turn out because
he has undergone too many major
operations. Dirks will withdraw from
school and enter business in Cali
fornia.
