# Illinois Gangster Goes To Gallows For Murder Plot
## 
### 
BENTON, 111., April 19— (U.P.) —
Charlie Birger, who defied the law of
Southern Illinois with machine guns
and gangster rule, was dropped to his
death tod.ay at the end of a hang
man's noose —a smile on his lips.
Although the former leader of a
treacherous gang had been accused
along with his aides of various mur
ders during the warfare between a
rival bootlegging gang headed by
Carl Shelton, Birger was hanged for
plotting the murder of Mayor Joe
Adams of West City.
BENTON, 111., April 19— (U.P.) —
Charlie Birger, who defied the law of
Southern Illinois with machine guns
and gangster rule, was dropped to his
death tod.ay at the end of a hang
man's noose —a smile on his lips.
Although the former leader of a
treacherous gang had been accused
along with his aides of various mur
ders during the warfare between a
rival bootlegging gang headed by
Carl Shelton, Birger was hanged for
plotting the murder of Mayor Joe
Adams of West City.
BENTON, 111., April 19— (U.P.) —
Charlie Birger, who defied the law of
Southern Illinois with machine guns
and gangster rule, was dropped to his
death tod.ay at the end of a hang
man's noose —a smile on his lips.
Although the former leader of a
treacherous gang had been accused
along with his aides of various mur
ders during the warfare between a
rival bootlegging gang headed by
Carl Shelton, Birger was hanged for
plotting the murder of Mayor Joe
Adams of West City.
BENTON, 111., April 19— (U.P.) —
Charlie Birger, who defied the law of
Southern Illinois with machine guns
and gangster rule, was dropped to his
death tod.ay at the end of a hang
man's noose —a smile on his lips.
Although the former leader of a
treacherous gang had been accused
along with his aides of various mur
ders during the warfare between a
rival bootlegging gang headed by
Carl Shelton, Birger was hanged for
plotting the murder of Mayor Joe
Adams of West City.
BENTON, 111., April 19— (U.P.) —
Charlie Birger, who defied the law of
Southern Illinois with machine guns
and gangster rule, was dropped to his
death tod.ay at the end of a hang
man's noose —a smile on his lips.
Although the former leader of a
treacherous gang had been accused
along with his aides of various mur
ders during the warfare between a
rival bootlegging gang headed by
Carl Shelton, Birger was hanged for
plotting the murder of Mayor Joe
Adams of West City.
BENTON, 111., April 19— (U.P.) —
Charlie Birger, who defied the law of
Southern Illinois with machine guns
and gangster rule, was dropped to his
death tod.ay at the end of a hang
man's noose —a smile on his lips.
Although the former leader of a
treacherous gang had been accused
along with his aides of various mur
ders during the warfare between a
rival bootlegging gang headed by
Carl Shelton, Birger was hanged for
plotting the murder of Mayor Joe
Adams of West City.
BENTON, 111., April 19— (U.P.) —
Charlie Birger, who defied the law of
Southern Illinois with machine guns
and gangster rule, was dropped to his
death tod.ay at the end of a hang
man's noose —a smile on his lips.
Although the former leader of a
treacherous gang had been accused
along with his aides of various mur
ders during the warfare between a
rival bootlegging gang headed by
Carl Shelton, Birger was hanged for
plotting the murder of Mayor Joe
Adams of West City.
BENTON, 111., April 19— (U.P.) —
Charlie Birger, who defied the law of
Southern Illinois with machine guns
and gangster rule, was dropped to his
death tod.ay at the end of a hang
man's noose —a smile on his lips.
Although the former leader of a
treacherous gang had been accused
along with his aides of various mur
ders during the warfare between a
rival bootlegging gang headed by
Carl Shelton, Birger was hanged for
plotting the murder of Mayor Joe
Adams of West City.
BENTON, 111., April 19— (U.P.) —
Charlie Birger, who defied the law of
Southern Illinois with machine guns
and gangster rule, was dropped to his
death tod.ay at the end of a hang
man's noose —a smile on his lips.
Although the former leader of a
treacherous gang had been accused
along with his aides of various mur
ders during the warfare between a
rival bootlegging gang headed by
Carl Shelton, Birger was hanged for
plotting the murder of Mayor Joe
Adams of West City.
BENTON, 111., April 19— (U.P.) —
Charlie Birger, who defied the law of
Southern Illinois with machine guns
and gangster rule, was dropped to his
death tod.ay at the end of a hang
man's noose —a smile on his lips.
Although the former leader of a
treacherous gang had been accused
along with his aides of various mur
ders during the warfare between a
rival bootlegging gang headed by
Carl Shelton, Birger was hanged for
plotting the murder of Mayor Joe
Adams of West City.
BENTON, 111., April 19— (U.P.) —
Charlie Birger, who defied the law of
Southern Illinois with machine guns
and gangster rule, was dropped to his
death tod.ay at the end of a hang
man's noose —a smile on his lips.
Although the former leader of a
treacherous gang had been accused
along with his aides of various mur
ders during the warfare between a
rival bootlegging gang headed by
Carl Shelton, Birger was hanged for
plotting the murder of Mayor Joe
Adams of West City.
BENTON, 111., April 19— (U.P.) —
Charlie Birger, who defied the law of
Southern Illinois with machine guns
and gangster rule, was dropped to his
death tod.ay at the end of a hang
man's noose —a smile on his lips.
Although the former leader of a
treacherous gang had been accused
along with his aides of various mur
ders during the warfare between a
rival bootlegging gang headed by
Carl Shelton, Birger was hanged for
plotting the murder of Mayor Joe
Adams of West City.
BENTON, 111., April 19— (U.P.) —
Charlie Birger, who defied the law of
Southern Illinois with machine guns
and gangster rule, was dropped to his
death tod.ay at the end of a hang
man's noose —a smile on his lips.
Although the former leader of a
treacherous gang had been accused
along with his aides of various mur
ders during the warfare between a
rival bootlegging gang headed by
Carl Shelton, Birger was hanged for
plotting the murder of Mayor Joe
Adams of West City.
BENTON, 111., April 19— (U.P.) —
Charlie Birger, who defied the law of
Southern Illinois with machine guns
and gangster rule, was dropped to his
death tod.ay at the end of a hang
man's noose —a smile on his lips.
Although the former leader of a
treacherous gang had been accused
along with his aides of various mur
ders during the warfare between a
rival bootlegging gang headed by
Carl Shelton, Birger was hanged for
plotting the murder of Mayor Joe
Adams of West City.
BENTON, 111., April 19— (U.P.) —
Charlie Birger, who defied the law of
Southern Illinois with machine guns
and gangster rule, was dropped to his
death tod.ay at the end of a hang
man's noose —a smile on his lips.
Although the former leader of a
treacherous gang had been accused
along with his aides of various mur
ders during the warfare between a
rival bootlegging gang headed by
Carl Shelton, Birger was hanged for
plotting the murder of Mayor Joe
Adams of West City.
BENTON, 111., April 19— (U.P.) —
Charlie Birger, who defied the law of
Southern Illinois with machine guns
and gangster rule, was dropped to his
death tod.ay at the end of a hang
man's noose —a smile on his lips.
Although the former leader of a
treacherous gang had been accused
along with his aides of various mur
ders during the warfare between a
rival bootlegging gang headed by
Carl Shelton, Birger was hanged for
plotting the murder of Mayor Joe
Adams of West City.
