# Professor Cottrell To Speak at Celebration
## 
### 
Professor E. A. Cottrell of the Po
litical Science department will be the
principal speaker at the Old Settlers'
celebration of Washington's birthday,
to be held next Tuesday in Campbell,
California.
His subject at that time will be "Mod
ern Political Tendencies." Committees
are now busy arranging the entertain
ment for the day.
Professor E. A. Cottrell of the Po
litical Science department will be the
principal speaker at the Old Settlers'
celebration of Washington's birthday,
to be held next Tuesday in Campbell,
California.
His subject at that time will be "Mod
ern Political Tendencies." Committees
are now busy arranging the entertain
ment for the day.
Professor E. A. Cottrell of the Po
litical Science department will be the
principal speaker at the Old Settlers'
celebration of Washington's birthday,
to be held next Tuesday in Campbell,
California.
His subject at that time will be "Mod
ern Political Tendencies." Committees
are now busy arranging the entertain
ment for the day.
Professor E. A. Cottrell of the Po
litical Science department will be the
principal speaker at the Old Settlers'
celebration of Washington's birthday,
to be held next Tuesday in Campbell,
California.
His subject at that time will be "Mod
ern Political Tendencies." Committees
are now busy arranging the entertain
ment for the day.
Professor E. A. Cottrell of the Po
litical Science department will be the
principal speaker at the Old Settlers'
celebration of Washington's birthday,
to be held next Tuesday in Campbell,
California.
His subject at that time will be "Mod
ern Political Tendencies." Committees
are now busy arranging the entertain
ment for the day.
Professor E. A. Cottrell of the Po
litical Science department will be the
principal speaker at the Old Settlers'
celebration of Washington's birthday,
to be held next Tuesday in Campbell,
California.
His subject at that time will be "Mod
ern Political Tendencies." Committees
are now busy arranging the entertain
ment for the day.
Professor E. A. Cottrell of the Po
litical Science department will be the
principal speaker at the Old Settlers'
celebration of Washington's birthday,
to be held next Tuesday in Campbell,
California.
His subject at that time will be "Mod
ern Political Tendencies." Committees
are now busy arranging the entertain
ment for the day.
Professor E. A. Cottrell of the Po
litical Science department will be the
principal speaker at the Old Settlers'
celebration of Washington's birthday,
to be held next Tuesday in Campbell,
California.
His subject at that time will be "Mod
ern Political Tendencies." Committees
are now busy arranging the entertain
ment for the day.
Professor E. A. Cottrell of the Po
litical Science department will be the
principal speaker at the Old Settlers'
celebration of Washington's birthday,
to be held next Tuesday in Campbell,
California.
His subject at that time will be "Mod
ern Political Tendencies." Committees
are now busy arranging the entertain
ment for the day.
Professor E. A. Cottrell of the Po
litical Science department will be the
principal speaker at the Old Settlers'
celebration of Washington's birthday,
to be held next Tuesday in Campbell,
California.
His subject at that time will be "Mod
ern Political Tendencies." Committees
are now busy arranging the entertain
ment for the day.
Professor E. A. Cottrell of the Po
litical Science department will be the
principal speaker at the Old Settlers'
celebration of Washington's birthday,
to be held next Tuesday in Campbell,
California.
His subject at that time will be "Mod
ern Political Tendencies." Committees
are now busy arranging the entertain
ment for the day.
Professor E. A. Cottrell of the Po
litical Science department will be the
principal speaker at the Old Settlers'
celebration of Washington's birthday,
to be held next Tuesday in Campbell,
California.
His subject at that time will be "Mod
ern Political Tendencies." Committees
are now busy arranging the entertain
ment for the day.
Professor E. A. Cottrell of the Po
litical Science department will be the
principal speaker at the Old Settlers'
celebration of Washington's birthday,
to be held next Tuesday in Campbell,
California.
His subject at that time will be "Mod
ern Political Tendencies." Committees
are now busy arranging the entertain
ment for the day.
