# WEATHER
## 
### 
Fair today with the high tem
perature in the low 60's. Winds
W-NW 15-30 m.p.h.
Fair today with the high tem
perature in the low 60's. Winds
W-NW 15-30 m.p.h.
Fair today with the high tem
perature in the low 60's. Winds
W-NW 15-30 m.p.h.
Fair today with the high tem
perature in the low 60's. Winds
W-NW 15-30 m.p.h.
Fair today with the high tem
perature in the low 60's. Winds
W-NW 15-30 m.p.h.
Fair today with the high tem
perature in the low 60's. Winds
W-NW 15-30 m.p.h.
Fair today with the high tem
perature in the low 60's. Winds
W-NW 15-30 m.p.h.
Fair today with the high tem
perature in the low 60's. Winds
W-NW 15-30 m.p.h.
Fair today with the high tem
perature in the low 60's. Winds
W-NW 15-30 m.p.h.
Fair today with the high tem
perature in the low 60's. Winds
W-NW 15-30 m.p.h.
Fair today with the high tem
perature in the low 60's. Winds
W-NW 15-30 m.p.h.
Fair today with the high tem
perature in the low 60's. Winds
W-NW 15-30 m.p.h.
Fair today with the high tem
perature in the low 60's. Winds
W-NW 15-30 m.p.h.
Fair today with the high tem
perature in the low 60's. Winds
W-NW 15-30 m.p.h.
Fair today with the high tem
perature in the low 60's. Winds
W-NW 15-30 m.p.h.
