# Adv. 8 Page 5
## 
### 
Town ft Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
*1
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Camino
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY GOODS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINE
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
Town ft Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
*1
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Camino
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY GOODS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINE
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
Town ft Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
*1
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Camino
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY GOODS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINE
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
Town ft Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
*1
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Camino
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY GOODS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINE
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
Town ft Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
*1
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Camino
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY GOODS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINE
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
Town ft Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
*1
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Camino
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY GOODS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINE
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
Town ft Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
*1
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Camino
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY GOODS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINE
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
Town ft Country Pharmacy
introductory offer
*1
any purchase of $4 or more
Across the street from Stanford
on El Camino
326-1932
CAMERAS
PARTY GOODS
PLUSH ANIMALS
JEWELRY
COSMETICS
POST OFFICE
COPY MACHINE
CALCULATORS
BATTERIES
TOBACCO
VITAMINS
MAGAZINES
PAPERBACKS
