# Student Advisory Committee Meets
## 
### 
The President's Student Ad
visory Committee on Academic
Affairs will meet this afternoon
at 3:15 in the Board of Trus
tees room for the final meeting
of the quarter.
The following are included on
the agenda:
Desirability of continuing the
committee next year;
The lecture system:
The reader system;
Alternatives to (he sponsor sys
tem ;
The desirability of establishing
"Academic Clubs";
Undergraduate library; and
Co-ordinating visits to the ad
ministrative offices of students
seeking comments on University
policies.
Students having other topics or
comments on thr above list have
been asked to see Professor Wil
liam McCord, secretary of the
committee.
The President's Student Ad
visory Committee on Academic
Affairs will meet this afternoon
at 3:15 in the Board of Trus
tees room for the final meeting
of the quarter.
The following are included on
the agenda:
Desirability of continuing the
committee next year;
The lecture system:
The reader system;
Alternatives to (he sponsor sys
tem ;
The desirability of establishing
"Academic Clubs";
Undergraduate library; and
Co-ordinating visits to the ad
ministrative offices of students
seeking comments on University
policies.
Students having other topics or
comments on thr above list have
been asked to see Professor Wil
liam McCord, secretary of the
committee.
The President's Student Ad
visory Committee on Academic
Affairs will meet this afternoon
at 3:15 in the Board of Trus
tees room for the final meeting
of the quarter.
The following are included on
the agenda:
Desirability of continuing the
committee next year;
The lecture system:
The reader system;
Alternatives to (he sponsor sys
tem ;
The desirability of establishing
"Academic Clubs";
Undergraduate library; and
Co-ordinating visits to the ad
ministrative offices of students
seeking comments on University
policies.
Students having other topics or
comments on thr above list have
been asked to see Professor Wil
liam McCord, secretary of the
committee.
The President's Student Ad
visory Committee on Academic
Affairs will meet this afternoon
at 3:15 in the Board of Trus
tees room for the final meeting
of the quarter.
The following are included on
the agenda:
Desirability of continuing the
committee next year;
The lecture system:
The reader system;
Alternatives to (he sponsor sys
tem ;
The desirability of establishing
"Academic Clubs";
Undergraduate library; and
Co-ordinating visits to the ad
ministrative offices of students
seeking comments on University
policies.
Students having other topics or
comments on thr above list have
been asked to see Professor Wil
liam McCord, secretary of the
committee.
The President's Student Ad
visory Committee on Academic
Affairs will meet this afternoon
at 3:15 in the Board of Trus
tees room for the final meeting
of the quarter.
The following are included on
the agenda:
Desirability of continuing the
committee next year;
The lecture system:
The reader system;
Alternatives to (he sponsor sys
tem ;
The desirability of establishing
"Academic Clubs";
Undergraduate library; and
Co-ordinating visits to the ad
ministrative offices of students
seeking comments on University
policies.
Students having other topics or
comments on thr above list have
been asked to see Professor Wil
liam McCord, secretary of the
committee.
The President's Student Ad
visory Committee on Academic
Affairs will meet this afternoon
at 3:15 in the Board of Trus
tees room for the final meeting
of the quarter.
The following are included on
the agenda:
Desirability of continuing the
committee next year;
The lecture system:
The reader system;
Alternatives to (he sponsor sys
tem ;
The desirability of establishing
"Academic Clubs";
Undergraduate library; and
Co-ordinating visits to the ad
ministrative offices of students
seeking comments on University
policies.
Students having other topics or
comments on thr above list have
been asked to see Professor Wil
liam McCord, secretary of the
committee.
The President's Student Ad
visory Committee on Academic
Affairs will meet this afternoon
at 3:15 in the Board of Trus
tees room for the final meeting
of the quarter.
The following are included on
the agenda:
Desirability of continuing the
committee next year;
The lecture system:
The reader system;
Alternatives to (he sponsor sys
tem ;
The desirability of establishing
"Academic Clubs";
Undergraduate library; and
Co-ordinating visits to the ad
ministrative offices of students
seeking comments on University
policies.
Students having other topics or
comments on thr above list have
been asked to see Professor Wil
liam McCord, secretary of the
committee.
The President's Student Ad
visory Committee on Academic
Affairs will meet this afternoon
at 3:15 in the Board of Trus
tees room for the final meeting
of the quarter.
The following are included on
the agenda:
Desirability of continuing the
committee next year;
The lecture system:
The reader system;
Alternatives to (he sponsor sys
tem ;
The desirability of establishing
"Academic Clubs";
Undergraduate library; and
Co-ordinating visits to the ad
ministrative offices of students
seeking comments on University
policies.
Students having other topics or
comments on thr above list have
been asked to see Professor Wil
liam McCord, secretary of the
committee.
The President's Student Ad
visory Committee on Academic
Affairs will meet this afternoon
at 3:15 in the Board of Trus
tees room for the final meeting
of the quarter.
The following are included on
the agenda:
Desirability of continuing the
committee next year;
The lecture system:
The reader system;
Alternatives to (he sponsor sys
tem ;
The desirability of establishing
"Academic Clubs";
Undergraduate library; and
Co-ordinating visits to the ad
ministrative offices of students
seeking comments on University
policies.
Students having other topics or
comments on thr above list have
been asked to see Professor Wil
liam McCord, secretary of the
committee.
The President's Student Ad
visory Committee on Academic
Affairs will meet this afternoon
at 3:15 in the Board of Trus
tees room for the final meeting
of the quarter.
The following are included on
the agenda:
Desirability of continuing the
committee next year;
The lecture system:
The reader system;
Alternatives to (he sponsor sys
tem ;
The desirability of establishing
"Academic Clubs";
Undergraduate library; and
Co-ordinating visits to the ad
ministrative offices of students
seeking comments on University
policies.
Students having other topics or
comments on thr above list have
been asked to see Professor Wil
liam McCord, secretary of the
committee.
The President's Student Ad
visory Committee on Academic
Affairs will meet this afternoon
at 3:15 in the Board of Trus
tees room for the final meeting
of the quarter.
The following are included on
the agenda:
Desirability of continuing the
committee next year;
The lecture system:
The reader system;
Alternatives to (he sponsor sys
tem ;
The desirability of establishing
"Academic Clubs";
Undergraduate library; and
Co-ordinating visits to the ad
ministrative offices of students
seeking comments on University
policies.
Students having other topics or
comments on thr above list have
been asked to see Professor Wil
liam McCord, secretary of the
committee.
The President's Student Ad
visory Committee on Academic
Affairs will meet this afternoon
at 3:15 in the Board of Trus
tees room for the final meeting
of the quarter.
The following are included on
the agenda:
Desirability of continuing the
committee next year;
The lecture system:
The reader system;
Alternatives to (he sponsor sys
tem ;
The desirability of establishing
"Academic Clubs";
Undergraduate library; and
Co-ordinating visits to the ad
ministrative offices of students
seeking comments on University
policies.
Students having other topics or
comments on thr above list have
been asked to see Professor Wil
liam McCord, secretary of the
committee.
The President's Student Ad
visory Committee on Academic
Affairs will meet this afternoon
at 3:15 in the Board of Trus
tees room for the final meeting
of the quarter.
The following are included on
the agenda:
Desirability of continuing the
committee next year;
The lecture system:
The reader system;
Alternatives to (he sponsor sys
tem ;
The desirability of establishing
"Academic Clubs";
Undergraduate library; and
Co-ordinating visits to the ad
ministrative offices of students
seeking comments on University
policies.
Students having other topics or
comments on thr above list have
been asked to see Professor Wil
liam McCord, secretary of the
committee.
The President's Student Ad
visory Committee on Academic
Affairs will meet this afternoon
at 3:15 in the Board of Trus
tees room for the final meeting
of the quarter.
The following are included on
the agenda:
Desirability of continuing the
committee next year;
The lecture system:
The reader system;
Alternatives to (he sponsor sys
tem ;
The desirability of establishing
"Academic Clubs";
Undergraduate library; and
Co-ordinating visits to the ad
ministrative offices of students
seeking comments on University
policies.
Students having other topics or
comments on thr above list have
been asked to see Professor Wil
liam McCord, secretary of the
committee.
The President's Student Ad
visory Committee on Academic
Affairs will meet this afternoon
at 3:15 in the Board of Trus
tees room for the final meeting
of the quarter.
The following are included on
the agenda:
Desirability of continuing the
committee next year;
The lecture system:
The reader system;
Alternatives to (he sponsor sys
tem ;
The desirability of establishing
"Academic Clubs";
Undergraduate library; and
Co-ordinating visits to the ad
ministrative offices of students
seeking comments on University
policies.
Students having other topics or
comments on thr above list have
been asked to see Professor Wil
liam McCord, secretary of the
committee.
The President's Student Ad
visory Committee on Academic
Affairs will meet this afternoon
at 3:15 in the Board of Trus
tees room for the final meeting
of the quarter.
The following are included on
the agenda:
Desirability of continuing the
committee next year;
The lecture system:
The reader system;
Alternatives to (he sponsor sys
tem ;
The desirability of establishing
"Academic Clubs";
Undergraduate library; and
Co-ordinating visits to the ad
ministrative offices of students
seeking comments on University
policies.
Students having other topics or
comments on thr above list have
been asked to see Professor Wil
liam McCord, secretary of the
committee.
The President's Student Ad
visory Committee on Academic
Affairs will meet this afternoon
at 3:15 in the Board of Trus
tees room for the final meeting
of the quarter.
The following are included on
the agenda:
Desirability of continuing the
committee next year;
The lecture system:
The reader system;
Alternatives to (he sponsor sys
tem ;
The desirability of establishing
"Academic Clubs";
Undergraduate library; and
Co-ordinating visits to the ad
ministrative offices of students
seeking comments on University
policies.
Students having other topics or
comments on thr above list have
been asked to see Professor Wil
liam McCord, secretary of the
committee.
