# INSIDE
## 
### 
Welcome
Ethnic centers wel
come frosh of all cul
tural backrounds to the
campus community.
page 6
To the
foothills for a scenic
jog. Favorite places to
bike, swim or pump
iron revealed.
page 11
Farm
Dating on the Farm.
Does it really happen?
page 8

Welcome
Ethnic centers wel
come frosh of all cul
tural backrounds to the
campus community.
page 6
To the
foothills for a scenic
jog. Favorite places to
bike, swim or pump
iron revealed.
page 11
Farm
Dating on the Farm.
Does it really happen?
page 8

Welcome
Ethnic centers wel
come frosh of all cul
tural backrounds to the
campus community.
page 6
To the
foothills for a scenic
jog. Favorite places to
bike, swim or pump
iron revealed.
page 11
Farm
Dating on the Farm.
Does it really happen?
page 8

Welcome
Ethnic centers wel
come frosh of all cul
tural backrounds to the
campus community.
page 6
To the
foothills for a scenic
jog. Favorite places to
bike, swim or pump
iron revealed.
page 11
Farm
Dating on the Farm.
Does it really happen?
page 8

Welcome
Ethnic centers wel
come frosh of all cul
tural backrounds to the
campus community.
page 6
To the
foothills for a scenic
jog. Favorite places to
bike, swim or pump
iron revealed.
page 11
Farm
Dating on the Farm.
Does it really happen?
page 8

Welcome
Ethnic centers wel
come frosh of all cul
tural backrounds to the
campus community.
page 6
To the
foothills for a scenic
jog. Favorite places to
bike, swim or pump
iron revealed.
page 11
Farm
Dating on the Farm.
Does it really happen?
page 8

Welcome
Ethnic centers wel
come frosh of all cul
tural backrounds to the
campus community.
page 6
To the
foothills for a scenic
jog. Favorite places to
bike, swim or pump
iron revealed.
page 11
Farm
Dating on the Farm.
Does it really happen?
page 8

