# Hearing Postponed
## 
### 
A show-cause hearing for the
"Stanford Five," who are accused
of violating a Superior Court
injunction banning campus
disruptions, has been postponed
an additional two days until
Thursday morning. No immediate
explanation of the delay was
given.
All five members of the group -
Lennie Siegel, Janet Weiss,
Michael Sweeney, John Shoch and
Art Busse, have now apparently
been served with copies of the
order. John Shoch, believed to be
the last member of the group to
successfully evade the process
servers, received his copy of the
document yesterday morning on
White Plaza at Liberation College.
He said that officials staked
out one of the trailers for six
hours Sunday but failed to notice
his hasty departure.
A show-cause hearing for the
"Stanford Five," who are accused
of violating a Superior Court
injunction banning campus
disruptions, has been postponed
an additional two days until
Thursday morning. No immediate
explanation of the delay was
given.
All five members of the group -
Lennie Siegel, Janet Weiss,
Michael Sweeney, John Shoch and
Art Busse, have now apparently
been served with copies of the
order. John Shoch, believed to be
the last member of the group to
successfully evade the process
servers, received his copy of the
document yesterday morning on
White Plaza at Liberation College.
He said that officials staked
out one of the trailers for six
hours Sunday but failed to notice
his hasty departure.
A show-cause hearing for the
"Stanford Five," who are accused
of violating a Superior Court
injunction banning campus
disruptions, has been postponed
an additional two days until
Thursday morning. No immediate
explanation of the delay was
given.
All five members of the group -
Lennie Siegel, Janet Weiss,
Michael Sweeney, John Shoch and
Art Busse, have now apparently
been served with copies of the
order. John Shoch, believed to be
the last member of the group to
successfully evade the process
servers, received his copy of the
document yesterday morning on
White Plaza at Liberation College.
He said that officials staked
out one of the trailers for six
hours Sunday but failed to notice
his hasty departure.
A show-cause hearing for the
"Stanford Five," who are accused
of violating a Superior Court
injunction banning campus
disruptions, has been postponed
an additional two days until
Thursday morning. No immediate
explanation of the delay was
given.
All five members of the group -
Lennie Siegel, Janet Weiss,
Michael Sweeney, John Shoch and
Art Busse, have now apparently
been served with copies of the
order. John Shoch, believed to be
the last member of the group to
successfully evade the process
servers, received his copy of the
document yesterday morning on
White Plaza at Liberation College.
He said that officials staked
out one of the trailers for six
hours Sunday but failed to notice
his hasty departure.
A show-cause hearing for the
"Stanford Five," who are accused
of violating a Superior Court
injunction banning campus
disruptions, has been postponed
an additional two days until
Thursday morning. No immediate
explanation of the delay was
given.
All five members of the group -
Lennie Siegel, Janet Weiss,
Michael Sweeney, John Shoch and
Art Busse, have now apparently
been served with copies of the
order. John Shoch, believed to be
the last member of the group to
successfully evade the process
servers, received his copy of the
document yesterday morning on
White Plaza at Liberation College.
He said that officials staked
out one of the trailers for six
hours Sunday but failed to notice
his hasty departure.
A show-cause hearing for the
"Stanford Five," who are accused
of violating a Superior Court
injunction banning campus
disruptions, has been postponed
an additional two days until
Thursday morning. No immediate
explanation of the delay was
given.
All five members of the group -
Lennie Siegel, Janet Weiss,
Michael Sweeney, John Shoch and
Art Busse, have now apparently
been served with copies of the
order. John Shoch, believed to be
the last member of the group to
successfully evade the process
servers, received his copy of the
document yesterday morning on
White Plaza at Liberation College.
He said that officials staked
out one of the trailers for six
hours Sunday but failed to notice
his hasty departure.
A show-cause hearing for the
"Stanford Five," who are accused
of violating a Superior Court
injunction banning campus
disruptions, has been postponed
an additional two days until
Thursday morning. No immediate
explanation of the delay was
given.
All five members of the group -
Lennie Siegel, Janet Weiss,
Michael Sweeney, John Shoch and
Art Busse, have now apparently
been served with copies of the
order. John Shoch, believed to be
the last member of the group to
successfully evade the process
servers, received his copy of the
document yesterday morning on
White Plaza at Liberation College.
He said that officials staked
out one of the trailers for six
hours Sunday but failed to notice
his hasty departure.
A show-cause hearing for the
"Stanford Five," who are accused
of violating a Superior Court
injunction banning campus
disruptions, has been postponed
an additional two days until
Thursday morning. No immediate
explanation of the delay was
given.
All five members of the group -
Lennie Siegel, Janet Weiss,
Michael Sweeney, John Shoch and
Art Busse, have now apparently
been served with copies of the
order. John Shoch, believed to be
the last member of the group to
successfully evade the process
servers, received his copy of the
document yesterday morning on
White Plaza at Liberation College.
He said that officials staked
out one of the trailers for six
hours Sunday but failed to notice
his hasty departure.
A show-cause hearing for the
"Stanford Five," who are accused
of violating a Superior Court
injunction banning campus
disruptions, has been postponed
an additional two days until
Thursday morning. No immediate
explanation of the delay was
given.
All five members of the group -
Lennie Siegel, Janet Weiss,
Michael Sweeney, John Shoch and
Art Busse, have now apparently
been served with copies of the
order. John Shoch, believed to be
the last member of the group to
successfully evade the process
servers, received his copy of the
document yesterday morning on
White Plaza at Liberation College.
He said that officials staked
out one of the trailers for six
hours Sunday but failed to notice
his hasty departure.
A show-cause hearing for the
"Stanford Five," who are accused
of violating a Superior Court
injunction banning campus
disruptions, has been postponed
an additional two days until
Thursday morning. No immediate
explanation of the delay was
given.
All five members of the group -
Lennie Siegel, Janet Weiss,
Michael Sweeney, John Shoch and
Art Busse, have now apparently
been served with copies of the
order. John Shoch, believed to be
the last member of the group to
successfully evade the process
servers, received his copy of the
document yesterday morning on
White Plaza at Liberation College.
He said that officials staked
out one of the trailers for six
hours Sunday but failed to notice
his hasty departure.
A show-cause hearing for the
"Stanford Five," who are accused
of violating a Superior Court
injunction banning campus
disruptions, has been postponed
an additional two days until
Thursday morning. No immediate
explanation of the delay was
given.
All five members of the group -
Lennie Siegel, Janet Weiss,
Michael Sweeney, John Shoch and
Art Busse, have now apparently
been served with copies of the
order. John Shoch, believed to be
the last member of the group to
successfully evade the process
servers, received his copy of the
document yesterday morning on
White Plaza at Liberation College.
He said that officials staked
out one of the trailers for six
hours Sunday but failed to notice
his hasty departure.
A show-cause hearing for the
"Stanford Five," who are accused
of violating a Superior Court
injunction banning campus
disruptions, has been postponed
an additional two days until
Thursday morning. No immediate
explanation of the delay was
given.
All five members of the group -
Lennie Siegel, Janet Weiss,
Michael Sweeney, John Shoch and
Art Busse, have now apparently
been served with copies of the
order. John Shoch, believed to be
the last member of the group to
successfully evade the process
servers, received his copy of the
document yesterday morning on
White Plaza at Liberation College.
He said that officials staked
out one of the trailers for six
hours Sunday but failed to notice
his hasty departure.
A show-cause hearing for the
"Stanford Five," who are accused
of violating a Superior Court
injunction banning campus
disruptions, has been postponed
an additional two days until
Thursday morning. No immediate
explanation of the delay was
given.
All five members of the group -
Lennie Siegel, Janet Weiss,
Michael Sweeney, John Shoch and
Art Busse, have now apparently
been served with copies of the
order. John Shoch, believed to be
the last member of the group to
successfully evade the process
servers, received his copy of the
document yesterday morning on
White Plaza at Liberation College.
He said that officials staked
out one of the trailers for six
hours Sunday but failed to notice
his hasty departure.
A show-cause hearing for the
"Stanford Five," who are accused
of violating a Superior Court
injunction banning campus
disruptions, has been postponed
an additional two days until
Thursday morning. No immediate
explanation of the delay was
given.
All five members of the group -
Lennie Siegel, Janet Weiss,
Michael Sweeney, John Shoch and
Art Busse, have now apparently
been served with copies of the
order. John Shoch, believed to be
the last member of the group to
successfully evade the process
servers, received his copy of the
document yesterday morning on
White Plaza at Liberation College.
He said that officials staked
out one of the trailers for six
hours Sunday but failed to notice
his hasty departure.
