# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
1 block
below the Circle, oppo
site Wilson's, is the
most-convenient
to-the-campus
pharmacy
University
Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
1 block
below the Circle, oppo
site Wilson's, is the
most-convenient
to-the-campus
pharmacy
University
Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
1 block
below the Circle, oppo
site Wilson's, is the
most-convenient
to-the-campus
pharmacy
University
Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
1 block
below the Circle, oppo
site Wilson's, is the
most-convenient
to-the-campus
pharmacy
University
Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
1 block
below the Circle, oppo
site Wilson's, is the
most-convenient
to-the-campus
pharmacy
University
Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
1 block
below the Circle, oppo
site Wilson's, is the
most-convenient
to-the-campus
pharmacy
University
Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
1 block
below the Circle, oppo
site Wilson's, is the
most-convenient
to-the-campus
pharmacy
University
Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
1 block
below the Circle, oppo
site Wilson's, is the
most-convenient
to-the-campus
pharmacy
University
Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
1 block
below the Circle, oppo
site Wilson's, is the
most-convenient
to-the-campus
pharmacy
University
Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
1 block
below the Circle, oppo
site Wilson's, is the
most-convenient
to-the-campus
pharmacy
University
Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
1 block
below the Circle, oppo
site Wilson's, is the
most-convenient
to-the-campus
pharmacy
University
Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
1 block
below the Circle, oppo
site Wilson's, is the
most-convenient
to-the-campus
pharmacy
University
Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
1 block
below the Circle, oppo
site Wilson's, is the
most-convenient
to-the-campus
pharmacy
University
Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
1 block
below the Circle, oppo
site Wilson's, is the
most-convenient
to-the-campus
pharmacy
University
Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
1 block
below the Circle, oppo
site Wilson's, is the
most-convenient
to-the-campus
pharmacy
University
Pharmacy
F. J. STEINMETZ
