# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Euphronia Debating Society an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing:
S. Nakano
J. G. Catanieh
L. Baer
C. H. Binkley
F. Thon
J. Coaus'ton
G. Mack
E. Reda
P. Kleinsorge
T. Mercado
G. E. Josyshon
L. Creveling «
J. Reid
A. Angel
B. Bush
Euphronia Debating Society an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing:
S. Nakano
J. G. Catanieh
L. Baer
C. H. Binkley
F. Thon
J. Coaus'ton
G. Mack
E. Reda
P. Kleinsorge
T. Mercado
G. E. Josyshon
L. Creveling «
J. Reid
A. Angel
B. Bush
Euphronia Debating Society an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing:
S. Nakano
J. G. Catanieh
L. Baer
C. H. Binkley
F. Thon
J. Coaus'ton
G. Mack
E. Reda
P. Kleinsorge
T. Mercado
G. E. Josyshon
L. Creveling «
J. Reid
A. Angel
B. Bush
Euphronia Debating Society an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing:
S. Nakano
J. G. Catanieh
L. Baer
C. H. Binkley
F. Thon
J. Coaus'ton
G. Mack
E. Reda
P. Kleinsorge
T. Mercado
G. E. Josyshon
L. Creveling «
J. Reid
A. Angel
B. Bush
Euphronia Debating Society an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing:
S. Nakano
J. G. Catanieh
L. Baer
C. H. Binkley
F. Thon
J. Coaus'ton
G. Mack
E. Reda
P. Kleinsorge
T. Mercado
G. E. Josyshon
L. Creveling «
J. Reid
A. Angel
B. Bush
Euphronia Debating Society an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing:
S. Nakano
J. G. Catanieh
L. Baer
C. H. Binkley
F. Thon
J. Coaus'ton
G. Mack
E. Reda
P. Kleinsorge
T. Mercado
G. E. Josyshon
L. Creveling «
J. Reid
A. Angel
B. Bush
Euphronia Debating Society an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing:
S. Nakano
J. G. Catanieh
L. Baer
C. H. Binkley
F. Thon
J. Coaus'ton
G. Mack
E. Reda
P. Kleinsorge
T. Mercado
G. E. Josyshon
L. Creveling «
J. Reid
A. Angel
B. Bush
Euphronia Debating Society an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing:
S. Nakano
J. G. Catanieh
L. Baer
C. H. Binkley
F. Thon
J. Coaus'ton
G. Mack
E. Reda
P. Kleinsorge
T. Mercado
G. E. Josyshon
L. Creveling «
J. Reid
A. Angel
B. Bush
Euphronia Debating Society an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing:
S. Nakano
J. G. Catanieh
L. Baer
C. H. Binkley
F. Thon
J. Coaus'ton
G. Mack
E. Reda
P. Kleinsorge
T. Mercado
G. E. Josyshon
L. Creveling «
J. Reid
A. Angel
B. Bush
Euphronia Debating Society an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing:
S. Nakano
J. G. Catanieh
L. Baer
C. H. Binkley
F. Thon
J. Coaus'ton
G. Mack
E. Reda
P. Kleinsorge
T. Mercado
G. E. Josyshon
L. Creveling «
J. Reid
A. Angel
B. Bush
Euphronia Debating Society an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing:
S. Nakano
J. G. Catanieh
L. Baer
C. H. Binkley
F. Thon
J. Coaus'ton
G. Mack
E. Reda
P. Kleinsorge
T. Mercado
G. E. Josyshon
L. Creveling «
J. Reid
A. Angel
B. Bush
Euphronia Debating Society an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing:
S. Nakano
J. G. Catanieh
L. Baer
C. H. Binkley
F. Thon
J. Coaus'ton
G. Mack
E. Reda
P. Kleinsorge
T. Mercado
G. E. Josyshon
L. Creveling «
J. Reid
A. Angel
B. Bush
Euphronia Debating Society an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing:
S. Nakano
J. G. Catanieh
L. Baer
C. H. Binkley
F. Thon
J. Coaus'ton
G. Mack
E. Reda
P. Kleinsorge
T. Mercado
G. E. Josyshon
L. Creveling «
J. Reid
A. Angel
B. Bush
Euphronia Debating Society an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing:
S. Nakano
J. G. Catanieh
L. Baer
C. H. Binkley
F. Thon
J. Coaus'ton
G. Mack
E. Reda
P. Kleinsorge
T. Mercado
G. E. Josyshon
L. Creveling «
J. Reid
A. Angel
B. Bush
Euphronia Debating Society an
nounces the election of the fol
lowing:
S. Nakano
J. G. Catanieh
L. Baer
C. H. Binkley
F. Thon
J. Coaus'ton
G. Mack
E. Reda
P. Kleinsorge
T. Mercado
G. E. Josyshon
L. Creveling «
J. Reid
A. Angel
B. Bush
