# Back Taxes Due
## 
### 
The Internal Revenue Bureau of the
Treasury department has been ordered
to collect over $450,000,000 in back
taxes during the present fiscal year.
The Internal Revenue Bureau of the
Treasury department has been ordered
to collect over $450,000,000 in back
taxes during the present fiscal year.
The Internal Revenue Bureau of the
Treasury department has been ordered
to collect over $450,000,000 in back
taxes during the present fiscal year.
The Internal Revenue Bureau of the
Treasury department has been ordered
to collect over $450,000,000 in back
taxes during the present fiscal year.
The Internal Revenue Bureau of the
Treasury department has been ordered
to collect over $450,000,000 in back
taxes during the present fiscal year.
The Internal Revenue Bureau of the
Treasury department has been ordered
to collect over $450,000,000 in back
taxes during the present fiscal year.
The Internal Revenue Bureau of the
Treasury department has been ordered
to collect over $450,000,000 in back
taxes during the present fiscal year.
The Internal Revenue Bureau of the
Treasury department has been ordered
to collect over $450,000,000 in back
taxes during the present fiscal year.
The Internal Revenue Bureau of the
Treasury department has been ordered
to collect over $450,000,000 in back
taxes during the present fiscal year.
The Internal Revenue Bureau of the
Treasury department has been ordered
to collect over $450,000,000 in back
taxes during the present fiscal year.
The Internal Revenue Bureau of the
Treasury department has been ordered
to collect over $450,000,000 in back
taxes during the present fiscal year.
The Internal Revenue Bureau of the
Treasury department has been ordered
to collect over $450,000,000 in back
taxes during the present fiscal year.
The Internal Revenue Bureau of the
Treasury department has been ordered
to collect over $450,000,000 in back
taxes during the present fiscal year.
The Internal Revenue Bureau of the
Treasury department has been ordered
to collect over $450,000,000 in back
taxes during the present fiscal year.
The Internal Revenue Bureau of the
Treasury department has been ordered
to collect over $450,000,000 in back
taxes during the present fiscal year.
