# WOMEN COMMENCE QUAD CAMPAIGN TO PROVIDE RETREAT
## 
### 
Commencing its drive for the
proposed women's lodge at Sears
ville, members of the W.A.A. will
sell subscriptions for the Stan
ford Illustrated Review this morn
ing on Quad.
Yearly subscriptions to the
magazine are $2 each, and a sin
gle copy costs twenty-live cents.
By paying the alumni dues of $3
graduates are entitled to receive
the publication for one >ear.
This year the Review will con
tain reading matter of much in
terest to students as well as
alumni, according to J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Alumni Secretary. Uni
versity projects will be discussed
and athletic contests and achieve
ments reviewed. Literary contri
butions from campus authors will
also appear in the magazine.
Commencing its drive for the
proposed women's lodge at Sears
ville, members of the W.A.A. will
sell subscriptions for the Stan
ford Illustrated Review this morn
ing on Quad.
Yearly subscriptions to the
magazine are $2 each, and a sin
gle copy costs twenty-live cents.
By paying the alumni dues of $3
graduates are entitled to receive
the publication for one >ear.
This year the Review will con
tain reading matter of much in
terest to students as well as
alumni, according to J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Alumni Secretary. Uni
versity projects will be discussed
and athletic contests and achieve
ments reviewed. Literary contri
butions from campus authors will
also appear in the magazine.
Commencing its drive for the
proposed women's lodge at Sears
ville, members of the W.A.A. will
sell subscriptions for the Stan
ford Illustrated Review this morn
ing on Quad.
Yearly subscriptions to the
magazine are $2 each, and a sin
gle copy costs twenty-live cents.
By paying the alumni dues of $3
graduates are entitled to receive
the publication for one >ear.
This year the Review will con
tain reading matter of much in
terest to students as well as
alumni, according to J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Alumni Secretary. Uni
versity projects will be discussed
and athletic contests and achieve
ments reviewed. Literary contri
butions from campus authors will
also appear in the magazine.
Commencing its drive for the
proposed women's lodge at Sears
ville, members of the W.A.A. will
sell subscriptions for the Stan
ford Illustrated Review this morn
ing on Quad.
Yearly subscriptions to the
magazine are $2 each, and a sin
gle copy costs twenty-live cents.
By paying the alumni dues of $3
graduates are entitled to receive
the publication for one >ear.
This year the Review will con
tain reading matter of much in
terest to students as well as
alumni, according to J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Alumni Secretary. Uni
versity projects will be discussed
and athletic contests and achieve
ments reviewed. Literary contri
butions from campus authors will
also appear in the magazine.
Commencing its drive for the
proposed women's lodge at Sears
ville, members of the W.A.A. will
sell subscriptions for the Stan
ford Illustrated Review this morn
ing on Quad.
Yearly subscriptions to the
magazine are $2 each, and a sin
gle copy costs twenty-live cents.
By paying the alumni dues of $3
graduates are entitled to receive
the publication for one >ear.
This year the Review will con
tain reading matter of much in
terest to students as well as
alumni, according to J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Alumni Secretary. Uni
versity projects will be discussed
and athletic contests and achieve
ments reviewed. Literary contri
butions from campus authors will
also appear in the magazine.
Commencing its drive for the
proposed women's lodge at Sears
ville, members of the W.A.A. will
sell subscriptions for the Stan
ford Illustrated Review this morn
ing on Quad.
Yearly subscriptions to the
magazine are $2 each, and a sin
gle copy costs twenty-live cents.
By paying the alumni dues of $3
graduates are entitled to receive
the publication for one >ear.
This year the Review will con
tain reading matter of much in
terest to students as well as
alumni, according to J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Alumni Secretary. Uni
versity projects will be discussed
and athletic contests and achieve
ments reviewed. Literary contri
butions from campus authors will
also appear in the magazine.
Commencing its drive for the
proposed women's lodge at Sears
ville, members of the W.A.A. will
sell subscriptions for the Stan
ford Illustrated Review this morn
ing on Quad.
Yearly subscriptions to the
magazine are $2 each, and a sin
gle copy costs twenty-live cents.
By paying the alumni dues of $3
graduates are entitled to receive
the publication for one >ear.
This year the Review will con
tain reading matter of much in
terest to students as well as
alumni, according to J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Alumni Secretary. Uni
versity projects will be discussed
and athletic contests and achieve
ments reviewed. Literary contri
butions from campus authors will
also appear in the magazine.
Commencing its drive for the
proposed women's lodge at Sears
ville, members of the W.A.A. will
sell subscriptions for the Stan
ford Illustrated Review this morn
ing on Quad.
Yearly subscriptions to the
magazine are $2 each, and a sin
gle copy costs twenty-live cents.
By paying the alumni dues of $3
graduates are entitled to receive
the publication for one >ear.
This year the Review will con
tain reading matter of much in
terest to students as well as
alumni, according to J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Alumni Secretary. Uni
versity projects will be discussed
and athletic contests and achieve
ments reviewed. Literary contri
butions from campus authors will
also appear in the magazine.
Commencing its drive for the
proposed women's lodge at Sears
ville, members of the W.A.A. will
sell subscriptions for the Stan
ford Illustrated Review this morn
ing on Quad.
Yearly subscriptions to the
magazine are $2 each, and a sin
gle copy costs twenty-live cents.
By paying the alumni dues of $3
graduates are entitled to receive
the publication for one >ear.
This year the Review will con
tain reading matter of much in
terest to students as well as
alumni, according to J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Alumni Secretary. Uni
versity projects will be discussed
and athletic contests and achieve
ments reviewed. Literary contri
butions from campus authors will
also appear in the magazine.
Commencing its drive for the
proposed women's lodge at Sears
ville, members of the W.A.A. will
sell subscriptions for the Stan
ford Illustrated Review this morn
ing on Quad.
Yearly subscriptions to the
magazine are $2 each, and a sin
gle copy costs twenty-live cents.
By paying the alumni dues of $3
graduates are entitled to receive
the publication for one >ear.
This year the Review will con
tain reading matter of much in
terest to students as well as
alumni, according to J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Alumni Secretary. Uni
versity projects will be discussed
and athletic contests and achieve
ments reviewed. Literary contri
butions from campus authors will
also appear in the magazine.
Commencing its drive for the
proposed women's lodge at Sears
ville, members of the W.A.A. will
sell subscriptions for the Stan
ford Illustrated Review this morn
ing on Quad.
Yearly subscriptions to the
magazine are $2 each, and a sin
gle copy costs twenty-live cents.
By paying the alumni dues of $3
graduates are entitled to receive
the publication for one >ear.
This year the Review will con
tain reading matter of much in
terest to students as well as
alumni, according to J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Alumni Secretary. Uni
versity projects will be discussed
and athletic contests and achieve
ments reviewed. Literary contri
butions from campus authors will
also appear in the magazine.
Commencing its drive for the
proposed women's lodge at Sears
ville, members of the W.A.A. will
sell subscriptions for the Stan
ford Illustrated Review this morn
ing on Quad.
Yearly subscriptions to the
magazine are $2 each, and a sin
gle copy costs twenty-live cents.
By paying the alumni dues of $3
graduates are entitled to receive
the publication for one >ear.
This year the Review will con
tain reading matter of much in
terest to students as well as
alumni, according to J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Alumni Secretary. Uni
versity projects will be discussed
and athletic contests and achieve
ments reviewed. Literary contri
butions from campus authors will
also appear in the magazine.
Commencing its drive for the
proposed women's lodge at Sears
ville, members of the W.A.A. will
sell subscriptions for the Stan
ford Illustrated Review this morn
ing on Quad.
Yearly subscriptions to the
magazine are $2 each, and a sin
gle copy costs twenty-live cents.
By paying the alumni dues of $3
graduates are entitled to receive
the publication for one >ear.
This year the Review will con
tain reading matter of much in
terest to students as well as
alumni, according to J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Alumni Secretary. Uni
versity projects will be discussed
and athletic contests and achieve
ments reviewed. Literary contri
butions from campus authors will
also appear in the magazine.
Commencing its drive for the
proposed women's lodge at Sears
ville, members of the W.A.A. will
sell subscriptions for the Stan
ford Illustrated Review this morn
ing on Quad.
Yearly subscriptions to the
magazine are $2 each, and a sin
gle copy costs twenty-live cents.
By paying the alumni dues of $3
graduates are entitled to receive
the publication for one >ear.
This year the Review will con
tain reading matter of much in
terest to students as well as
alumni, according to J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Alumni Secretary. Uni
versity projects will be discussed
and athletic contests and achieve
ments reviewed. Literary contri
butions from campus authors will
also appear in the magazine.
Commencing its drive for the
proposed women's lodge at Sears
ville, members of the W.A.A. will
sell subscriptions for the Stan
ford Illustrated Review this morn
ing on Quad.
Yearly subscriptions to the
magazine are $2 each, and a sin
gle copy costs twenty-live cents.
By paying the alumni dues of $3
graduates are entitled to receive
the publication for one >ear.
This year the Review will con
tain reading matter of much in
terest to students as well as
alumni, according to J. E. Mc-
Dowell, Alumni Secretary. Uni
versity projects will be discussed
and athletic contests and achieve
ments reviewed. Literary contri
butions from campus authors will
also appear in the magazine.
