# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Three hundred and one men pledged
fraternities after a week of extensive
rushing at O.A.C.
Three hundred and one men pledged
fraternities after a week of extensive
rushing at O.A.C.
Three hundred and one men pledged
fraternities after a week of extensive
rushing at O.A.C.
Three hundred and one men pledged
fraternities after a week of extensive
rushing at O.A.C.
Three hundred and one men pledged
fraternities after a week of extensive
rushing at O.A.C.
Three hundred and one men pledged
fraternities after a week of extensive
rushing at O.A.C.
Three hundred and one men pledged
fraternities after a week of extensive
rushing at O.A.C.
Three hundred and one men pledged
fraternities after a week of extensive
rushing at O.A.C.
Three hundred and one men pledged
fraternities after a week of extensive
rushing at O.A.C.
Three hundred and one men pledged
fraternities after a week of extensive
rushing at O.A.C.
Three hundred and one men pledged
fraternities after a week of extensive
rushing at O.A.C.
Three hundred and one men pledged
fraternities after a week of extensive
rushing at O.A.C.
Three hundred and one men pledged
fraternities after a week of extensive
rushing at O.A.C.
Three hundred and one men pledged
fraternities after a week of extensive
rushing at O.A.C.
Three hundred and one men pledged
fraternities after a week of extensive
rushing at O.A.C.
