# Adv. 4 Page 2
## 
### 
Oversoo,ooo
homeless, sick
refugees from
AFGHANISTAN
Send yeur help
THROUGH
fMIII? AFGHAN
Villirj REFUGEE FUND
312 Sutt&r Street
San Francisco, CA 94108
You've never seen
anything like it...
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
outlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
Oversoo,ooo
homeless, sick
refugees from
AFGHANISTAN
Send yeur help
THROUGH
fMIII? AFGHAN
Villirj REFUGEE FUND
312 Sutt&r Street
San Francisco, CA 94108
You've never seen
anything like it...
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
outlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
Oversoo,ooo
homeless, sick
refugees from
AFGHANISTAN
Send yeur help
THROUGH
fMIII? AFGHAN
Villirj REFUGEE FUND
312 Sutt&r Street
San Francisco, CA 94108
You've never seen
anything like it...
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
outlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
Oversoo,ooo
homeless, sick
refugees from
AFGHANISTAN
Send yeur help
THROUGH
fMIII? AFGHAN
Villirj REFUGEE FUND
312 Sutt&r Street
San Francisco, CA 94108
You've never seen
anything like it...
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
outlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
Oversoo,ooo
homeless, sick
refugees from
AFGHANISTAN
Send yeur help
THROUGH
fMIII? AFGHAN
Villirj REFUGEE FUND
312 Sutt&r Street
San Francisco, CA 94108
You've never seen
anything like it...
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
outlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
Oversoo,ooo
homeless, sick
refugees from
AFGHANISTAN
Send yeur help
THROUGH
fMIII? AFGHAN
Villirj REFUGEE FUND
312 Sutt&r Street
San Francisco, CA 94108
You've never seen
anything like it...
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
outlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
Oversoo,ooo
homeless, sick
refugees from
AFGHANISTAN
Send yeur help
THROUGH
fMIII? AFGHAN
Villirj REFUGEE FUND
312 Sutt&r Street
San Francisco, CA 94108
You've never seen
anything like it...
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
outlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
Oversoo,ooo
homeless, sick
refugees from
AFGHANISTAN
Send yeur help
THROUGH
fMIII? AFGHAN
Villirj REFUGEE FUND
312 Sutt&r Street
San Francisco, CA 94108
You've never seen
anything like it...
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights a
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
outlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
