# Extortion suspect charged
## 
### 
John Allen, arrested Monday on
suspicion of extortion, robbery, bur
glary and impersonating a police of
ficer, was formally charged with two
counts of burglary yesterday by the
Palo Alto District Attorney, accord
ing to detective Iran White of the
Stanford police. He added that more
charges against Allen could be filed
later.
White reaffirmed the pledge of the
Stanford police not to investigate
anyone who would volunteer in
formation about the case, even if the
witness admitted to drug use. How
ever, he said that the Palo Alto D.A.
would have to make the decision re
garding witness immunity from pros
ecution if any testimony was in
volved.
Allen remains in custody in the
Santa Clara County Jail on $20,000
bail, according to White.
