# THE 						OTHER SIDE
## 
### 
At the beginning of the football and basketball
seasons it is customary for the men to appeal to the
women students for their support at the coming
games, and there is always much talk (on the men's
part) of the necessity for co-operation. It is of no
particular credit to the women that their support is
enthusiastically given, since they go to the games
because they like them and not to satisfy a sense of
duty. But what alxntt the men's support of women's
athletics? It is natural in a coeducational institution
for men's sports to overshadow those of the women;
this is recognized at Stanford and no appeal is made
to the men except for support at intercollegiate
games.
Next Saturday morning the four class basketball
teams will meet their respective Mills College op
ponents on the Roble field. These women will be
representing the University, and any Stanford team
is worthy the wholehearted backing of the student
body. In the past a few men have attended the
women's games with Mills and the University of
California; Stanford women are now asking that the
men practice their own theories of co-opcration and
back them 2,000 strong Saturday morning.
P. B.
