# Plots for Junior Opera To Be Submitted Friday
## 
### 
Junior opera manuscripts must be in j
the hands of the junior opera committee
Friday, according to John Richer, '24,
chairman of the committee.
Only an outline of the plot is required
now, with samples of dialogue, and sug
gestions for the song plot. The opera
will be chosen this week-end, and the
completed manuscript will be called for
a week later.
A director for the opera will be ap
pointed next week, and lyrics and music
composed, so that actual work on the 1
production may be begun when the spring'
quarter opens.
Junior opera manuscripts must be in j
the hands of the junior opera committee
Friday, according to John Richer, '24,
chairman of the committee.
Only an outline of the plot is required
now, with samples of dialogue, and sug
gestions for the song plot. The opera
will be chosen this week-end, and the
completed manuscript will be called for
a week later.
A director for the opera will be ap
pointed next week, and lyrics and music
composed, so that actual work on the 1
production may be begun when the spring'
quarter opens.
Junior opera manuscripts must be in j
the hands of the junior opera committee
Friday, according to John Richer, '24,
chairman of the committee.
Only an outline of the plot is required
now, with samples of dialogue, and sug
gestions for the song plot. The opera
will be chosen this week-end, and the
completed manuscript will be called for
a week later.
A director for the opera will be ap
pointed next week, and lyrics and music
composed, so that actual work on the 1
production may be begun when the spring'
quarter opens.
Junior opera manuscripts must be in j
the hands of the junior opera committee
Friday, according to John Richer, '24,
chairman of the committee.
Only an outline of the plot is required
now, with samples of dialogue, and sug
gestions for the song plot. The opera
will be chosen this week-end, and the
completed manuscript will be called for
a week later.
A director for the opera will be ap
pointed next week, and lyrics and music
composed, so that actual work on the 1
production may be begun when the spring'
quarter opens.
Junior opera manuscripts must be in j
the hands of the junior opera committee
Friday, according to John Richer, '24,
chairman of the committee.
Only an outline of the plot is required
now, with samples of dialogue, and sug
gestions for the song plot. The opera
will be chosen this week-end, and the
completed manuscript will be called for
a week later.
A director for the opera will be ap
pointed next week, and lyrics and music
composed, so that actual work on the 1
production may be begun when the spring'
quarter opens.
Junior opera manuscripts must be in j
the hands of the junior opera committee
Friday, according to John Richer, '24,
chairman of the committee.
Only an outline of the plot is required
now, with samples of dialogue, and sug
gestions for the song plot. The opera
will be chosen this week-end, and the
completed manuscript will be called for
a week later.
A director for the opera will be ap
pointed next week, and lyrics and music
composed, so that actual work on the 1
production may be begun when the spring'
quarter opens.
Junior opera manuscripts must be in j
the hands of the junior opera committee
Friday, according to John Richer, '24,
chairman of the committee.
Only an outline of the plot is required
now, with samples of dialogue, and sug
gestions for the song plot. The opera
will be chosen this week-end, and the
completed manuscript will be called for
a week later.
A director for the opera will be ap
pointed next week, and lyrics and music
composed, so that actual work on the 1
production may be begun when the spring'
quarter opens.
Junior opera manuscripts must be in j
the hands of the junior opera committee
Friday, according to John Richer, '24,
chairman of the committee.
Only an outline of the plot is required
now, with samples of dialogue, and sug
gestions for the song plot. The opera
will be chosen this week-end, and the
completed manuscript will be called for
a week later.
A director for the opera will be ap
pointed next week, and lyrics and music
composed, so that actual work on the 1
production may be begun when the spring'
quarter opens.
Junior opera manuscripts must be in j
the hands of the junior opera committee
Friday, according to John Richer, '24,
chairman of the committee.
Only an outline of the plot is required
now, with samples of dialogue, and sug
gestions for the song plot. The opera
will be chosen this week-end, and the
completed manuscript will be called for
a week later.
A director for the opera will be ap
pointed next week, and lyrics and music
composed, so that actual work on the 1
production may be begun when the spring'
quarter opens.
Junior opera manuscripts must be in j
the hands of the junior opera committee
Friday, according to John Richer, '24,
chairman of the committee.
Only an outline of the plot is required
now, with samples of dialogue, and sug
gestions for the song plot. The opera
will be chosen this week-end, and the
completed manuscript will be called for
a week later.
A director for the opera will be ap
pointed next week, and lyrics and music
composed, so that actual work on the 1
production may be begun when the spring'
quarter opens.
Junior opera manuscripts must be in j
the hands of the junior opera committee
Friday, according to John Richer, '24,
chairman of the committee.
Only an outline of the plot is required
now, with samples of dialogue, and sug
gestions for the song plot. The opera
will be chosen this week-end, and the
completed manuscript will be called for
a week later.
A director for the opera will be ap
pointed next week, and lyrics and music
composed, so that actual work on the 1
production may be begun when the spring'
quarter opens.
Junior opera manuscripts must be in j
the hands of the junior opera committee
Friday, according to John Richer, '24,
chairman of the committee.
Only an outline of the plot is required
now, with samples of dialogue, and sug
gestions for the song plot. The opera
will be chosen this week-end, and the
completed manuscript will be called for
a week later.
A director for the opera will be ap
pointed next week, and lyrics and music
composed, so that actual work on the 1
production may be begun when the spring'
quarter opens.
Junior opera manuscripts must be in j
the hands of the junior opera committee
Friday, according to John Richer, '24,
chairman of the committee.
Only an outline of the plot is required
now, with samples of dialogue, and sug
gestions for the song plot. The opera
will be chosen this week-end, and the
completed manuscript will be called for
a week later.
A director for the opera will be ap
pointed next week, and lyrics and music
composed, so that actual work on the 1
production may be begun when the spring'
quarter opens.
Junior opera manuscripts must be in j
the hands of the junior opera committee
Friday, according to John Richer, '24,
chairman of the committee.
Only an outline of the plot is required
now, with samples of dialogue, and sug
gestions for the song plot. The opera
will be chosen this week-end, and the
completed manuscript will be called for
a week later.
A director for the opera will be ap
pointed next week, and lyrics and music
composed, so that actual work on the 1
production may be begun when the spring'
quarter opens.
Junior opera manuscripts must be in j
the hands of the junior opera committee
Friday, according to John Richer, '24,
chairman of the committee.
Only an outline of the plot is required
now, with samples of dialogue, and sug
gestions for the song plot. The opera
will be chosen this week-end, and the
completed manuscript will be called for
a week later.
A director for the opera will be ap
pointed next week, and lyrics and music
composed, so that actual work on the 1
production may be begun when the spring'
quarter opens.
