# Education, Psychology, Discussed at Conference
## 
### 
"Teaching is one of the best fields
for women in search of a vocation to'
enter," said Mr. John M. Almack of
the Education department before the
Vocational Conference meeting yester
day afternoon. "The annual number of
vacancies in this vocation is 210,000.
while the normal schools train about
30,000 each year." Mr. Almack particu
larly advised women to prepare to fill
administrative positions, as those pay
best.
Speaking on the possibilities of psy
chology as a vocation for women, A„
S. Raubenheimer of the Psychology
department said, "Psychology does not
fit you to go out a solver of the com
plexes of humanity, but it does offer
many opportunities to women for in
teresting work." Mr. Raubenheimer
suggested as possibilities industrial
work, and mental testing. He also men
tioned psychological work in clinics.
"Teaching is one of the best fields
for women in search of a vocation to'
enter," said Mr. John M. Almack of
the Education department before the
Vocational Conference meeting yester
day afternoon. "The annual number of
vacancies in this vocation is 210,000.
while the normal schools train about
30,000 each year." Mr. Almack particu
larly advised women to prepare to fill
administrative positions, as those pay
best.
Speaking on the possibilities of psy
chology as a vocation for women, A„
S. Raubenheimer of the Psychology
department said, "Psychology does not
fit you to go out a solver of the com
plexes of humanity, but it does offer
many opportunities to women for in
teresting work." Mr. Raubenheimer
suggested as possibilities industrial
work, and mental testing. He also men
tioned psychological work in clinics.
"Teaching is one of the best fields
for women in search of a vocation to'
enter," said Mr. John M. Almack of
the Education department before the
Vocational Conference meeting yester
day afternoon. "The annual number of
vacancies in this vocation is 210,000.
while the normal schools train about
30,000 each year." Mr. Almack particu
larly advised women to prepare to fill
administrative positions, as those pay
best.
Speaking on the possibilities of psy
chology as a vocation for women, A„
S. Raubenheimer of the Psychology
department said, "Psychology does not
fit you to go out a solver of the com
plexes of humanity, but it does offer
many opportunities to women for in
teresting work." Mr. Raubenheimer
suggested as possibilities industrial
work, and mental testing. He also men
tioned psychological work in clinics.
"Teaching is one of the best fields
for women in search of a vocation to'
enter," said Mr. John M. Almack of
the Education department before the
Vocational Conference meeting yester
day afternoon. "The annual number of
vacancies in this vocation is 210,000.
while the normal schools train about
30,000 each year." Mr. Almack particu
larly advised women to prepare to fill
administrative positions, as those pay
best.
Speaking on the possibilities of psy
chology as a vocation for women, A„
S. Raubenheimer of the Psychology
department said, "Psychology does not
fit you to go out a solver of the com
plexes of humanity, but it does offer
many opportunities to women for in
teresting work." Mr. Raubenheimer
suggested as possibilities industrial
work, and mental testing. He also men
tioned psychological work in clinics.
"Teaching is one of the best fields
for women in search of a vocation to'
enter," said Mr. John M. Almack of
the Education department before the
Vocational Conference meeting yester
day afternoon. "The annual number of
vacancies in this vocation is 210,000.
while the normal schools train about
30,000 each year." Mr. Almack particu
larly advised women to prepare to fill
administrative positions, as those pay
best.
Speaking on the possibilities of psy
chology as a vocation for women, A„
S. Raubenheimer of the Psychology
department said, "Psychology does not
fit you to go out a solver of the com
plexes of humanity, but it does offer
many opportunities to women for in
teresting work." Mr. Raubenheimer
suggested as possibilities industrial
work, and mental testing. He also men
tioned psychological work in clinics.
"Teaching is one of the best fields
for women in search of a vocation to'
enter," said Mr. John M. Almack of
the Education department before the
Vocational Conference meeting yester
day afternoon. "The annual number of
vacancies in this vocation is 210,000.
while the normal schools train about
30,000 each year." Mr. Almack particu
larly advised women to prepare to fill
administrative positions, as those pay
best.
Speaking on the possibilities of psy
chology as a vocation for women, A„
S. Raubenheimer of the Psychology
department said, "Psychology does not
fit you to go out a solver of the com
plexes of humanity, but it does offer
many opportunities to women for in
teresting work." Mr. Raubenheimer
suggested as possibilities industrial
work, and mental testing. He also men
tioned psychological work in clinics.
"Teaching is one of the best fields
for women in search of a vocation to'
enter," said Mr. John M. Almack of
the Education department before the
Vocational Conference meeting yester
day afternoon. "The annual number of
vacancies in this vocation is 210,000.
while the normal schools train about
30,000 each year." Mr. Almack particu
larly advised women to prepare to fill
administrative positions, as those pay
best.
Speaking on the possibilities of psy
chology as a vocation for women, A„
S. Raubenheimer of the Psychology
department said, "Psychology does not
fit you to go out a solver of the com
plexes of humanity, but it does offer
many opportunities to women for in
teresting work." Mr. Raubenheimer
suggested as possibilities industrial
work, and mental testing. He also men
tioned psychological work in clinics.
"Teaching is one of the best fields
for women in search of a vocation to'
enter," said Mr. John M. Almack of
the Education department before the
Vocational Conference meeting yester
day afternoon. "The annual number of
vacancies in this vocation is 210,000.
while the normal schools train about
30,000 each year." Mr. Almack particu
larly advised women to prepare to fill
administrative positions, as those pay
best.
Speaking on the possibilities of psy
chology as a vocation for women, A„
S. Raubenheimer of the Psychology
department said, "Psychology does not
fit you to go out a solver of the com
plexes of humanity, but it does offer
many opportunities to women for in
teresting work." Mr. Raubenheimer
suggested as possibilities industrial
work, and mental testing. He also men
tioned psychological work in clinics.
"Teaching is one of the best fields
for women in search of a vocation to'
enter," said Mr. John M. Almack of
the Education department before the
Vocational Conference meeting yester
day afternoon. "The annual number of
vacancies in this vocation is 210,000.
while the normal schools train about
30,000 each year." Mr. Almack particu
larly advised women to prepare to fill
administrative positions, as those pay
best.
Speaking on the possibilities of psy
chology as a vocation for women, A„
S. Raubenheimer of the Psychology
department said, "Psychology does not
fit you to go out a solver of the com
plexes of humanity, but it does offer
many opportunities to women for in
teresting work." Mr. Raubenheimer
suggested as possibilities industrial
work, and mental testing. He also men
tioned psychological work in clinics.
"Teaching is one of the best fields
for women in search of a vocation to'
enter," said Mr. John M. Almack of
the Education department before the
Vocational Conference meeting yester
day afternoon. "The annual number of
vacancies in this vocation is 210,000.
while the normal schools train about
30,000 each year." Mr. Almack particu
larly advised women to prepare to fill
administrative positions, as those pay
best.
Speaking on the possibilities of psy
chology as a vocation for women, A„
S. Raubenheimer of the Psychology
department said, "Psychology does not
fit you to go out a solver of the com
plexes of humanity, but it does offer
many opportunities to women for in
teresting work." Mr. Raubenheimer
suggested as possibilities industrial
work, and mental testing. He also men
tioned psychological work in clinics.
"Teaching is one of the best fields
for women in search of a vocation to'
enter," said Mr. John M. Almack of
the Education department before the
Vocational Conference meeting yester
day afternoon. "The annual number of
vacancies in this vocation is 210,000.
while the normal schools train about
30,000 each year." Mr. Almack particu
larly advised women to prepare to fill
administrative positions, as those pay
best.
Speaking on the possibilities of psy
chology as a vocation for women, A„
S. Raubenheimer of the Psychology
department said, "Psychology does not
fit you to go out a solver of the com
plexes of humanity, but it does offer
many opportunities to women for in
teresting work." Mr. Raubenheimer
suggested as possibilities industrial
work, and mental testing. He also men
tioned psychological work in clinics.
"Teaching is one of the best fields
for women in search of a vocation to'
enter," said Mr. John M. Almack of
the Education department before the
Vocational Conference meeting yester
day afternoon. "The annual number of
vacancies in this vocation is 210,000.
while the normal schools train about
30,000 each year." Mr. Almack particu
larly advised women to prepare to fill
administrative positions, as those pay
best.
Speaking on the possibilities of psy
chology as a vocation for women, A„
S. Raubenheimer of the Psychology
department said, "Psychology does not
fit you to go out a solver of the com
plexes of humanity, but it does offer
many opportunities to women for in
teresting work." Mr. Raubenheimer
suggested as possibilities industrial
work, and mental testing. He also men
tioned psychological work in clinics.
"Teaching is one of the best fields
for women in search of a vocation to'
enter," said Mr. John M. Almack of
the Education department before the
Vocational Conference meeting yester
day afternoon. "The annual number of
vacancies in this vocation is 210,000.
while the normal schools train about
30,000 each year." Mr. Almack particu
larly advised women to prepare to fill
administrative positions, as those pay
best.
Speaking on the possibilities of psy
chology as a vocation for women, A„
S. Raubenheimer of the Psychology
department said, "Psychology does not
fit you to go out a solver of the com
plexes of humanity, but it does offer
many opportunities to women for in
teresting work." Mr. Raubenheimer
suggested as possibilities industrial
work, and mental testing. He also men
tioned psychological work in clinics.
"Teaching is one of the best fields
for women in search of a vocation to'
enter," said Mr. John M. Almack of
the Education department before the
Vocational Conference meeting yester
day afternoon. "The annual number of
vacancies in this vocation is 210,000.
while the normal schools train about
30,000 each year." Mr. Almack particu
larly advised women to prepare to fill
administrative positions, as those pay
best.
Speaking on the possibilities of psy
chology as a vocation for women, A„
S. Raubenheimer of the Psychology
department said, "Psychology does not
fit you to go out a solver of the com
plexes of humanity, but it does offer
many opportunities to women for in
teresting work." Mr. Raubenheimer
suggested as possibilities industrial
work, and mental testing. He also men
tioned psychological work in clinics.
"Teaching is one of the best fields
for women in search of a vocation to'
enter," said Mr. John M. Almack of
the Education department before the
Vocational Conference meeting yester
day afternoon. "The annual number of
vacancies in this vocation is 210,000.
while the normal schools train about
30,000 each year." Mr. Almack particu
larly advised women to prepare to fill
administrative positions, as those pay
best.
Speaking on the possibilities of psy
chology as a vocation for women, A„
S. Raubenheimer of the Psychology
department said, "Psychology does not
fit you to go out a solver of the com
plexes of humanity, but it does offer
many opportunities to women for in
teresting work." Mr. Raubenheimer
suggested as possibilities industrial
work, and mental testing. He also men
tioned psychological work in clinics.
