# Daily To Name Larger Staff
## 
### 
Editorial Board of the Daily has
announced that anyone interested
in working on the editorial staff
this quarter should report to the
second floor of the Journalism
Building Monday at 4 p.m. for the
first tryoutee meeting.
Students interested in trying out,
including freshmen and N.R.O.T.C.
members, should sign up for the
two-week tryoutee period, which
will include instruction in Daily
copy and proofreading style and
the assignment of news stories.
Appointments to the editorial
staff will be announced at the end
of the period. Lisa Ebberts, staff
editor, is conducting the trial pe
riod.
Editorial Board of the Daily has
announced that anyone interested
in working on the editorial staff
this quarter should report to the
second floor of the Journalism
Building Monday at 4 p.m. for the
first tryoutee meeting.
Students interested in trying out,
including freshmen and N.R.O.T.C.
members, should sign up for the
two-week tryoutee period, which
will include instruction in Daily
copy and proofreading style and
the assignment of news stories.
Appointments to the editorial
staff will be announced at the end
of the period. Lisa Ebberts, staff
editor, is conducting the trial pe
riod.
Editorial Board of the Daily has
announced that anyone interested
in working on the editorial staff
this quarter should report to the
second floor of the Journalism
Building Monday at 4 p.m. for the
first tryoutee meeting.
Students interested in trying out,
including freshmen and N.R.O.T.C.
members, should sign up for the
two-week tryoutee period, which
will include instruction in Daily
copy and proofreading style and
the assignment of news stories.
Appointments to the editorial
staff will be announced at the end
of the period. Lisa Ebberts, staff
editor, is conducting the trial pe
riod.
Editorial Board of the Daily has
announced that anyone interested
in working on the editorial staff
this quarter should report to the
second floor of the Journalism
Building Monday at 4 p.m. for the
first tryoutee meeting.
Students interested in trying out,
including freshmen and N.R.O.T.C.
members, should sign up for the
two-week tryoutee period, which
will include instruction in Daily
copy and proofreading style and
the assignment of news stories.
Appointments to the editorial
staff will be announced at the end
of the period. Lisa Ebberts, staff
editor, is conducting the trial pe
riod.
Editorial Board of the Daily has
announced that anyone interested
in working on the editorial staff
this quarter should report to the
second floor of the Journalism
Building Monday at 4 p.m. for the
first tryoutee meeting.
Students interested in trying out,
including freshmen and N.R.O.T.C.
members, should sign up for the
two-week tryoutee period, which
will include instruction in Daily
copy and proofreading style and
the assignment of news stories.
Appointments to the editorial
staff will be announced at the end
of the period. Lisa Ebberts, staff
editor, is conducting the trial pe
riod.
Editorial Board of the Daily has
announced that anyone interested
in working on the editorial staff
this quarter should report to the
second floor of the Journalism
Building Monday at 4 p.m. for the
first tryoutee meeting.
Students interested in trying out,
including freshmen and N.R.O.T.C.
members, should sign up for the
two-week tryoutee period, which
will include instruction in Daily
copy and proofreading style and
the assignment of news stories.
Appointments to the editorial
staff will be announced at the end
of the period. Lisa Ebberts, staff
editor, is conducting the trial pe
riod.
Editorial Board of the Daily has
announced that anyone interested
in working on the editorial staff
this quarter should report to the
second floor of the Journalism
Building Monday at 4 p.m. for the
first tryoutee meeting.
Students interested in trying out,
including freshmen and N.R.O.T.C.
members, should sign up for the
two-week tryoutee period, which
will include instruction in Daily
copy and proofreading style and
the assignment of news stories.
Appointments to the editorial
staff will be announced at the end
of the period. Lisa Ebberts, staff
editor, is conducting the trial pe
riod.
Editorial Board of the Daily has
announced that anyone interested
in working on the editorial staff
this quarter should report to the
second floor of the Journalism
Building Monday at 4 p.m. for the
first tryoutee meeting.
Students interested in trying out,
including freshmen and N.R.O.T.C.
members, should sign up for the
two-week tryoutee period, which
will include instruction in Daily
copy and proofreading style and
the assignment of news stories.
Appointments to the editorial
staff will be announced at the end
of the period. Lisa Ebberts, staff
editor, is conducting the trial pe
riod.
Editorial Board of the Daily has
announced that anyone interested
in working on the editorial staff
this quarter should report to the
second floor of the Journalism
Building Monday at 4 p.m. for the
first tryoutee meeting.
Students interested in trying out,
including freshmen and N.R.O.T.C.
members, should sign up for the
two-week tryoutee period, which
will include instruction in Daily
copy and proofreading style and
the assignment of news stories.
Appointments to the editorial
staff will be announced at the end
of the period. Lisa Ebberts, staff
editor, is conducting the trial pe
riod.
Editorial Board of the Daily has
announced that anyone interested
in working on the editorial staff
this quarter should report to the
second floor of the Journalism
Building Monday at 4 p.m. for the
first tryoutee meeting.
Students interested in trying out,
including freshmen and N.R.O.T.C.
members, should sign up for the
two-week tryoutee period, which
will include instruction in Daily
copy and proofreading style and
the assignment of news stories.
Appointments to the editorial
staff will be announced at the end
of the period. Lisa Ebberts, staff
editor, is conducting the trial pe
riod.
Editorial Board of the Daily has
announced that anyone interested
in working on the editorial staff
this quarter should report to the
second floor of the Journalism
Building Monday at 4 p.m. for the
first tryoutee meeting.
Students interested in trying out,
including freshmen and N.R.O.T.C.
members, should sign up for the
two-week tryoutee period, which
will include instruction in Daily
copy and proofreading style and
the assignment of news stories.
Appointments to the editorial
staff will be announced at the end
of the period. Lisa Ebberts, staff
editor, is conducting the trial pe
riod.
Editorial Board of the Daily has
announced that anyone interested
in working on the editorial staff
this quarter should report to the
second floor of the Journalism
Building Monday at 4 p.m. for the
first tryoutee meeting.
Students interested in trying out,
including freshmen and N.R.O.T.C.
members, should sign up for the
two-week tryoutee period, which
will include instruction in Daily
copy and proofreading style and
the assignment of news stories.
Appointments to the editorial
staff will be announced at the end
of the period. Lisa Ebberts, staff
editor, is conducting the trial pe
riod.
Editorial Board of the Daily has
announced that anyone interested
in working on the editorial staff
this quarter should report to the
second floor of the Journalism
Building Monday at 4 p.m. for the
first tryoutee meeting.
Students interested in trying out,
including freshmen and N.R.O.T.C.
members, should sign up for the
two-week tryoutee period, which
will include instruction in Daily
copy and proofreading style and
the assignment of news stories.
Appointments to the editorial
staff will be announced at the end
of the period. Lisa Ebberts, staff
editor, is conducting the trial pe
riod.
Editorial Board of the Daily has
announced that anyone interested
in working on the editorial staff
this quarter should report to the
second floor of the Journalism
Building Monday at 4 p.m. for the
first tryoutee meeting.
Students interested in trying out,
including freshmen and N.R.O.T.C.
members, should sign up for the
two-week tryoutee period, which
will include instruction in Daily
copy and proofreading style and
the assignment of news stories.
Appointments to the editorial
staff will be announced at the end
of the period. Lisa Ebberts, staff
editor, is conducting the trial pe
riod.
Editorial Board of the Daily has
announced that anyone interested
in working on the editorial staff
this quarter should report to the
second floor of the Journalism
Building Monday at 4 p.m. for the
first tryoutee meeting.
Students interested in trying out,
including freshmen and N.R.O.T.C.
members, should sign up for the
two-week tryoutee period, which
will include instruction in Daily
copy and proofreading style and
the assignment of news stories.
Appointments to the editorial
staff will be announced at the end
of the period. Lisa Ebberts, staff
editor, is conducting the trial pe
riod.
