# Truman Disappointed, Ickes Flays Strikers
## 'Strikes Threaten Security'—Ickes 
### 
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 {UP).—Pe
troleum Administrator Harold Ickes
told the nation's major oil compa
nies and their striking refinery
workers tonight that the work stop
pages had threatened the "very se
curity" of our armed forces and our
military position.
As the conciliation hearing into
the bitter strife was ordered trans
ferred to Washington, Ickes ad
vised opposing sides that "the secu
rity of every American citizen"
was jeopardized.
The hearing will reopen in the
Department of Labor building audi
torium Saturday at 10 a.m. (EWT),
Conciliation Service Chairman Ed
gar L. Warren said. It was assumed
the change was made to bring the
confcrcncc closer to government
departments concerned with oil pro
duction.
In a telegram to oil company
heads and representatives of the Oil
Workers' International Union (CIO)
who have been attending the hear
ing here, Ickes urged that the dis
pute be settled quickly and "in a
manner that will insure our na
tional security."
"I have been informed by Army
perienced as the result of refinery
cannot afford losses in military
production anywhere near the mag
nitude of those presently being ex
and Navy officials that this nation
shutdowns over the nation."
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 {UP).—Pe
troleum Administrator Harold Ickes
told the nation's major oil compa
nies and their striking refinery
workers tonight that the work stop
pages had threatened the "very se
curity" of our armed forces and our
military position.
As the conciliation hearing into
the bitter strife was ordered trans
ferred to Washington, Ickes ad
vised opposing sides that "the secu
rity of every American citizen"
was jeopardized.
The hearing will reopen in the
Department of Labor building audi
torium Saturday at 10 a.m. (EWT),
Conciliation Service Chairman Ed
gar L. Warren said. It was assumed
the change was made to bring the
confcrcncc closer to government
departments concerned with oil pro
duction.
In a telegram to oil company
heads and representatives of the Oil
Workers' International Union (CIO)
who have been attending the hear
ing here, Ickes urged that the dis
pute be settled quickly and "in a
manner that will insure our na
tional security."
"I have been informed by Army
perienced as the result of refinery
cannot afford losses in military
production anywhere near the mag
nitude of those presently being ex
and Navy officials that this nation
shutdowns over the nation."
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 {UP).—Pe
troleum Administrator Harold Ickes
told the nation's major oil compa
nies and their striking refinery
workers tonight that the work stop
pages had threatened the "very se
curity" of our armed forces and our
military position.
As the conciliation hearing into
the bitter strife was ordered trans
ferred to Washington, Ickes ad
vised opposing sides that "the secu
rity of every American citizen"
was jeopardized.
The hearing will reopen in the
Department of Labor building audi
torium Saturday at 10 a.m. (EWT),
Conciliation Service Chairman Ed
gar L. Warren said. It was assumed
the change was made to bring the
confcrcncc closer to government
departments concerned with oil pro
duction.
In a telegram to oil company
heads and representatives of the Oil
Workers' International Union (CIO)
who have been attending the hear
ing here, Ickes urged that the dis
pute be settled quickly and "in a
manner that will insure our na
tional security."
"I have been informed by Army
perienced as the result of refinery
cannot afford losses in military
production anywhere near the mag
nitude of those presently being ex
and Navy officials that this nation
shutdowns over the nation."
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 {UP).—Pe
troleum Administrator Harold Ickes
told the nation's major oil compa
nies and their striking refinery
workers tonight that the work stop
pages had threatened the "very se
curity" of our armed forces and our
military position.
As the conciliation hearing into
the bitter strife was ordered trans
ferred to Washington, Ickes ad
vised opposing sides that "the secu
rity of every American citizen"
was jeopardized.
The hearing will reopen in the
Department of Labor building audi
torium Saturday at 10 a.m. (EWT),
Conciliation Service Chairman Ed
gar L. Warren said. It was assumed
the change was made to bring the
confcrcncc closer to government
departments concerned with oil pro
duction.
In a telegram to oil company
heads and representatives of the Oil
Workers' International Union (CIO)
who have been attending the hear
ing here, Ickes urged that the dis
pute be settled quickly and "in a
manner that will insure our na
tional security."
"I have been informed by Army
perienced as the result of refinery
cannot afford losses in military
production anywhere near the mag
nitude of those presently being ex
and Navy officials that this nation
shutdowns over the nation."
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 {UP).—Pe
troleum Administrator Harold Ickes
told the nation's major oil compa
nies and their striking refinery
workers tonight that the work stop
pages had threatened the "very se
curity" of our armed forces and our
military position.
As the conciliation hearing into
the bitter strife was ordered trans
ferred to Washington, Ickes ad
vised opposing sides that "the secu
rity of every American citizen"
was jeopardized.
The hearing will reopen in the
Department of Labor building audi
torium Saturday at 10 a.m. (EWT),
Conciliation Service Chairman Ed
gar L. Warren said. It was assumed
the change was made to bring the
confcrcncc closer to government
departments concerned with oil pro
duction.
In a telegram to oil company
heads and representatives of the Oil
Workers' International Union (CIO)
who have been attending the hear
ing here, Ickes urged that the dis
pute be settled quickly and "in a
manner that will insure our na
tional security."
"I have been informed by Army
perienced as the result of refinery
cannot afford losses in military
production anywhere near the mag
nitude of those presently being ex
and Navy officials that this nation
shutdowns over the nation."
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 {UP).—Pe
troleum Administrator Harold Ickes
told the nation's major oil compa
nies and their striking refinery
workers tonight that the work stop
pages had threatened the "very se
curity" of our armed forces and our
military position.
As the conciliation hearing into
the bitter strife was ordered trans
ferred to Washington, Ickes ad
vised opposing sides that "the secu
rity of every American citizen"
was jeopardized.
The hearing will reopen in the
Department of Labor building audi
torium Saturday at 10 a.m. (EWT),
Conciliation Service Chairman Ed
gar L. Warren said. It was assumed
the change was made to bring the
confcrcncc closer to government
departments concerned with oil pro
duction.
In a telegram to oil company
heads and representatives of the Oil
Workers' International Union (CIO)
who have been attending the hear
ing here, Ickes urged that the dis
pute be settled quickly and "in a
manner that will insure our na
tional security."
"I have been informed by Army
perienced as the result of refinery
cannot afford losses in military
production anywhere near the mag
nitude of those presently being ex
and Navy officials that this nation
shutdowns over the nation."
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 {UP).—Pe
troleum Administrator Harold Ickes
told the nation's major oil compa
nies and their striking refinery
workers tonight that the work stop
pages had threatened the "very se
curity" of our armed forces and our
military position.
As the conciliation hearing into
the bitter strife was ordered trans
ferred to Washington, Ickes ad
vised opposing sides that "the secu
rity of every American citizen"
was jeopardized.
The hearing will reopen in the
Department of Labor building audi
torium Saturday at 10 a.m. (EWT),
Conciliation Service Chairman Ed
gar L. Warren said. It was assumed
the change was made to bring the
confcrcncc closer to government
departments concerned with oil pro
duction.
In a telegram to oil company
heads and representatives of the Oil
Workers' International Union (CIO)
who have been attending the hear
ing here, Ickes urged that the dis
pute be settled quickly and "in a
manner that will insure our na
tional security."
"I have been informed by Army
perienced as the result of refinery
cannot afford losses in military
production anywhere near the mag
nitude of those presently being ex
and Navy officials that this nation
shutdowns over the nation."
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 {UP).—Pe
troleum Administrator Harold Ickes
told the nation's major oil compa
nies and their striking refinery
workers tonight that the work stop
pages had threatened the "very se
curity" of our armed forces and our
military position.
As the conciliation hearing into
the bitter strife was ordered trans
ferred to Washington, Ickes ad
vised opposing sides that "the secu
rity of every American citizen"
was jeopardized.
The hearing will reopen in the
Department of Labor building audi
torium Saturday at 10 a.m. (EWT),
Conciliation Service Chairman Ed
gar L. Warren said. It was assumed
the change was made to bring the
confcrcncc closer to government
departments concerned with oil pro
duction.
In a telegram to oil company
heads and representatives of the Oil
Workers' International Union (CIO)
who have been attending the hear
ing here, Ickes urged that the dis
pute be settled quickly and "in a
manner that will insure our na
tional security."
"I have been informed by Army
perienced as the result of refinery
cannot afford losses in military
production anywhere near the mag
nitude of those presently being ex
and Navy officials that this nation
shutdowns over the nation."
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 {UP).—Pe
troleum Administrator Harold Ickes
told the nation's major oil compa
nies and their striking refinery
workers tonight that the work stop
pages had threatened the "very se
curity" of our armed forces and our
military position.
As the conciliation hearing into
the bitter strife was ordered trans
ferred to Washington, Ickes ad
vised opposing sides that "the secu
rity of every American citizen"
was jeopardized.
The hearing will reopen in the
Department of Labor building audi
torium Saturday at 10 a.m. (EWT),
Conciliation Service Chairman Ed
gar L. Warren said. It was assumed
the change was made to bring the
confcrcncc closer to government
departments concerned with oil pro
duction.
In a telegram to oil company
heads and representatives of the Oil
Workers' International Union (CIO)
who have been attending the hear
ing here, Ickes urged that the dis
pute be settled quickly and "in a
manner that will insure our na
tional security."
"I have been informed by Army
perienced as the result of refinery
cannot afford losses in military
production anywhere near the mag
nitude of those presently being ex
and Navy officials that this nation
shutdowns over the nation."
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 {UP).—Pe
troleum Administrator Harold Ickes
told the nation's major oil compa
nies and their striking refinery
workers tonight that the work stop
pages had threatened the "very se
curity" of our armed forces and our
military position.
As the conciliation hearing into
the bitter strife was ordered trans
ferred to Washington, Ickes ad
vised opposing sides that "the secu
rity of every American citizen"
was jeopardized.
The hearing will reopen in the
Department of Labor building audi
torium Saturday at 10 a.m. (EWT),
Conciliation Service Chairman Ed
gar L. Warren said. It was assumed
the change was made to bring the
confcrcncc closer to government
departments concerned with oil pro
duction.
In a telegram to oil company
heads and representatives of the Oil
Workers' International Union (CIO)
who have been attending the hear
ing here, Ickes urged that the dis
pute be settled quickly and "in a
manner that will insure our na
tional security."
"I have been informed by Army
perienced as the result of refinery
cannot afford losses in military
production anywhere near the mag
nitude of those presently being ex
and Navy officials that this nation
shutdowns over the nation."
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 {UP).—Pe
troleum Administrator Harold Ickes
told the nation's major oil compa
nies and their striking refinery
workers tonight that the work stop
pages had threatened the "very se
curity" of our armed forces and our
military position.
As the conciliation hearing into
the bitter strife was ordered trans
ferred to Washington, Ickes ad
vised opposing sides that "the secu
rity of every American citizen"
was jeopardized.
The hearing will reopen in the
Department of Labor building audi
torium Saturday at 10 a.m. (EWT),
Conciliation Service Chairman Ed
gar L. Warren said. It was assumed
the change was made to bring the
confcrcncc closer to government
departments concerned with oil pro
duction.
In a telegram to oil company
heads and representatives of the Oil
Workers' International Union (CIO)
who have been attending the hear
ing here, Ickes urged that the dis
pute be settled quickly and "in a
manner that will insure our na
tional security."
"I have been informed by Army
perienced as the result of refinery
cannot afford losses in military
production anywhere near the mag
nitude of those presently being ex
and Navy officials that this nation
shutdowns over the nation."
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 {UP).—Pe
troleum Administrator Harold Ickes
told the nation's major oil compa
nies and their striking refinery
workers tonight that the work stop
pages had threatened the "very se
curity" of our armed forces and our
military position.
As the conciliation hearing into
the bitter strife was ordered trans
ferred to Washington, Ickes ad
vised opposing sides that "the secu
rity of every American citizen"
was jeopardized.
The hearing will reopen in the
Department of Labor building audi
torium Saturday at 10 a.m. (EWT),
Conciliation Service Chairman Ed
gar L. Warren said. It was assumed
the change was made to bring the
confcrcncc closer to government
departments concerned with oil pro
duction.
In a telegram to oil company
heads and representatives of the Oil
Workers' International Union (CIO)
who have been attending the hear
ing here, Ickes urged that the dis
pute be settled quickly and "in a
manner that will insure our na
tional security."
"I have been informed by Army
perienced as the result of refinery
cannot afford losses in military
production anywhere near the mag
nitude of those presently being ex
and Navy officials that this nation
shutdowns over the nation."
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 {UP).—Pe
troleum Administrator Harold Ickes
told the nation's major oil compa
nies and their striking refinery
workers tonight that the work stop
pages had threatened the "very se
curity" of our armed forces and our
military position.
As the conciliation hearing into
the bitter strife was ordered trans
ferred to Washington, Ickes ad
vised opposing sides that "the secu
rity of every American citizen"
was jeopardized.
The hearing will reopen in the
Department of Labor building audi
torium Saturday at 10 a.m. (EWT),
Conciliation Service Chairman Ed
gar L. Warren said. It was assumed
the change was made to bring the
confcrcncc closer to government
departments concerned with oil pro
duction.
In a telegram to oil company
heads and representatives of the Oil
Workers' International Union (CIO)
who have been attending the hear
ing here, Ickes urged that the dis
pute be settled quickly and "in a
manner that will insure our na
tional security."
"I have been informed by Army
perienced as the result of refinery
cannot afford losses in military
production anywhere near the mag
nitude of those presently being ex
and Navy officials that this nation
shutdowns over the nation."
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 {UP).—Pe
troleum Administrator Harold Ickes
told the nation's major oil compa
nies and their striking refinery
workers tonight that the work stop
pages had threatened the "very se
curity" of our armed forces and our
military position.
As the conciliation hearing into
the bitter strife was ordered trans
ferred to Washington, Ickes ad
vised opposing sides that "the secu
rity of every American citizen"
was jeopardized.
The hearing will reopen in the
Department of Labor building audi
torium Saturday at 10 a.m. (EWT),
Conciliation Service Chairman Ed
gar L. Warren said. It was assumed
the change was made to bring the
confcrcncc closer to government
departments concerned with oil pro
duction.
In a telegram to oil company
heads and representatives of the Oil
Workers' International Union (CIO)
who have been attending the hear
ing here, Ickes urged that the dis
pute be settled quickly and "in a
manner that will insure our na
tional security."
"I have been informed by Army
perienced as the result of refinery
cannot afford losses in military
production anywhere near the mag
nitude of those presently being ex
and Navy officials that this nation
shutdowns over the nation."
CHICAGO, Sept. 27 {UP).—Pe
troleum Administrator Harold Ickes
told the nation's major oil compa
nies and their striking refinery
workers tonight that the work stop
pages had threatened the "very se
curity" of our armed forces and our
military position.
As the conciliation hearing into
the bitter strife was ordered trans
ferred to Washington, Ickes ad
vised opposing sides that "the secu
rity of every American citizen"
was jeopardized.
The hearing will reopen in the
Department of Labor building audi
torium Saturday at 10 a.m. (EWT),
Conciliation Service Chairman Ed
gar L. Warren said. It was assumed
the change was made to bring the
confcrcncc closer to government
departments concerned with oil pro
duction.
In a telegram to oil company
heads and representatives of the Oil
Workers' International Union (CIO)
who have been attending the hear
ing here, Ickes urged that the dis
pute be settled quickly and "in a
manner that will insure our na
tional security."
"I have been informed by Army
perienced as the result of refinery
cannot afford losses in military
production anywhere near the mag
nitude of those presently being ex
and Navy officials that this nation
shutdowns over the nation."
