# Philbrick Reveals Play Cast
## 
### 
Mr. Norman Philbrick yesterday
announced the cast for the Stanford
Players production, "A Highland
Fling," their first production for this
year. The play, a fantasy farce in
Scotc hdialect, will run October 25,
2(5, and 27 in the Memorial Audi
torium. Mr. Philbrick is directing
its performance.
The cast will include Charlie
Mac Lean, a ghost, Walter Palance;
Jcannie Mac Lean, an angel, Judy
Schrader; Sir Archibald Mac Lean, a
laird, Duane Heath; Silly, a dafty,
Carol Boel tcher; Rabbie MacGregor,
a pleasant sinner, John Menzel;
Lizzie, his wife, Jane Saulsbery;
Malcolm Graham, an American mil
lionaire, Howard Campbell; Lila
Graham, his daughter, Patricia An
derson; Hamish Hamilton, owne rof
the local pub, William Shepherd;
Alicetrina MacKenzie, a barmaid,
Patricia Neilson; Reverend Douglas
Stuart, William Melton; Sandy, Ed
ward Marion; Jamie, George Eck
stein; and Mrs. Mac Gill, Bernice
Rosenthal.
One part, that of a little girl, has
not been cast as yet. It will prob
ably be filled by a girl from the
Children's Theater in Palo Alto.
Tickets for the play may be
bought for the play at the office in
the Memorial Auditorium. Season
tickets are $3.00 and single tickets
arc 90 cents.
