# Dr. Jones Joins Stanford Faculty
## 
### 
Dr. Richard Foster Jones, former
dean of the Graduate School at
Washington University, St. Louis,
has joined the Stanford faculty this
quarter as professor and executive
head of the Department of English.
Previous to his appointment at
Washington, Dr. Jones taught at
Columbia, where he received his
doctorate, and at Western Reserve.
His spccial fields of interest are sev
enteenth and eighteenth century lit
erature, the English novel, and
Lewis Theobald.
Dr. Jones' published works in
clude "Lewis Theobald: His Con
tribution to English Scholarship,"
"The Background of the Battle of
Books." He has also compiled two
anthologies and edited a volume of
selections from Francis Bacon.
