# IN THE SERVICE
## 
### 
Richard B. INladigan and Elia A.
Long recently received commissions
as second lieutenants in the Marine
Corps upon completion of their
training at the Platoon Commanders
School at Quantico, Virginia.
Marine First Lieutenant Robert B.
Reynolds, Stanford, 1940, has been
presented with a Gold Star in lieu
of a second Bronze Star Medal for
heroism on Iwo Jima. He received
his first Bronze Star Medal for the
battle of Saipan.
"For heroic achievement" in ac
tion on Iwo Jima Marine First Lieu
tenant Verne C. Bassi, Stanford,
1940, has been awarded the Bronze
Star Medal. Lieutenant Bassi is a
veteian of the Fourth Marine Di
vision's campaign in the Marshall
Islands
Donald B. O'Neill, Jr was com
missioned second lieutenant at the
Signal Corps Officer Candidate
School graduation exercises at Fort
Monmouth, N.J., on August 7.
Lt. Hubert Leonard Kertz, USNR,
Stanford, 1934, has received the
Bronze Star Medal "for meritorious
service" during his tour of duty un
der Commander, Aircraft 7th Fleet.
Pfc. Charles A. Rice is a Surgical
Technician in a Hospital Unit on
Northern Luzon which has been
awarded a Meritorious Service Unit
Plaque for "outstanding devotion to
duty in the performance of ex
ceptionally difficult tasks in New
Guinea and the Philippine Islands."
Major Robert W. Princc, Stanford
1941, who was recently promoted
to his present rank from captain,
now serves as executive officer of
the Sixth Ranger Battalion of Gen

eral Walter Krueger's Sixth Army.
Major Prince has taken part in the
entire Luzon campaign, and has
been awarded the Distinguished
Service Cross for gallantry in action
during the rescue of American pris
oners of war in the Cabanatuan
Prison Camp.
Marine Captain E. Daniel Boone,
graduate of the Stanford Law
School, is serving as executive offi
cer of a Marine scout bomber squad
ron at Zamboanga in the Philippine
Islands.
