# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
1
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
She
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WDMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
CnrUp
'J JEWEI ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
. 324-9100
Your Col|«ga lawalers
For Over 35 Yaar*
1
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
She
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WDMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
CnrUp
'J JEWEI ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
. 324-9100
Your Col|«ga lawalers
For Over 35 Yaar*
1
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
She
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WDMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
CnrUp
'J JEWEI ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
. 324-9100
Your Col|«ga lawalers
For Over 35 Yaar*
1
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
She
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WDMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
CnrUp
'J JEWEI ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
. 324-9100
Your Col|«ga lawalers
For Over 35 Yaar*
1
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
She
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WDMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
CnrUp
'J JEWEI ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
. 324-9100
Your Col|«ga lawalers
For Over 35 Yaar*
1
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
She
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WDMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
CnrUp
'J JEWEI ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
. 324-9100
Your Col|«ga lawalers
For Over 35 Yaar*
1
CARLYLE'S
Stanford's
Headquarters
for
ROLEX WATCHES
She
THE CONCEPT
OF ENDURANCE,
THE FACE OF
INTEGRITY
ROLEX FOR MEN AND WDMFN
Expert watch repair on
premises by certified
horologist
CnrUp
'J JEWEI ERS
535 Bryant St.
Downtown Palo Alto
. 324-9100
Your Col|«ga lawalers
For Over 35 Yaar*
