# OFF-CAMPUS ELECTIONS
## 
### 
All off-campus men are asked to
attend a special meeting tonight for
the purpose of electing officers for
this year.
The meeting begins at 7:.'10 in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house. ;«$
All off-campus men are asked to
attend a special meeting tonight for
the purpose of electing officers for
this year.
The meeting begins at 7:.'10 in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house. ;«$
All off-campus men are asked to
attend a special meeting tonight for
the purpose of electing officers for
this year.
The meeting begins at 7:.'10 in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house. ;«$
All off-campus men are asked to
attend a special meeting tonight for
the purpose of electing officers for
this year.
The meeting begins at 7:.'10 in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house. ;«$
All off-campus men are asked to
attend a special meeting tonight for
the purpose of electing officers for
this year.
The meeting begins at 7:.'10 in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house. ;«$
All off-campus men are asked to
attend a special meeting tonight for
the purpose of electing officers for
this year.
The meeting begins at 7:.'10 in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house. ;«$
All off-campus men are asked to
attend a special meeting tonight for
the purpose of electing officers for
this year.
The meeting begins at 7:.'10 in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house. ;«$
All off-campus men are asked to
attend a special meeting tonight for
the purpose of electing officers for
this year.
The meeting begins at 7:.'10 in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house. ;«$
All off-campus men are asked to
attend a special meeting tonight for
the purpose of electing officers for
this year.
The meeting begins at 7:.'10 in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house. ;«$
All off-campus men are asked to
attend a special meeting tonight for
the purpose of electing officers for
this year.
The meeting begins at 7:.'10 in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house. ;«$
All off-campus men are asked to
attend a special meeting tonight for
the purpose of electing officers for
this year.
The meeting begins at 7:.'10 in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house. ;«$
All off-campus men are asked to
attend a special meeting tonight for
the purpose of electing officers for
this year.
The meeting begins at 7:.'10 in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house. ;«$
All off-campus men are asked to
attend a special meeting tonight for
the purpose of electing officers for
this year.
The meeting begins at 7:.'10 in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house. ;«$
All off-campus men are asked to
attend a special meeting tonight for
the purpose of electing officers for
this year.
The meeting begins at 7:.'10 in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house. ;«$
