# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
Come and see our
latest herring-bone suit
ings in the latest gray
effeets.
WIDEMAN
THE TAILOR
303 University Avenue.
Come and see our
latest herring-bone suit
ings in the latest gray
effeets.
WIDEMAN
THE TAILOR
303 University Avenue.
Come and see our
latest herring-bone suit
ings in the latest gray
effeets.
WIDEMAN
THE TAILOR
303 University Avenue.
Come and see our
latest herring-bone suit
ings in the latest gray
effeets.
WIDEMAN
THE TAILOR
303 University Avenue.
Come and see our
latest herring-bone suit
ings in the latest gray
effeets.
WIDEMAN
THE TAILOR
303 University Avenue.
Come and see our
latest herring-bone suit
ings in the latest gray
effeets.
WIDEMAN
THE TAILOR
303 University Avenue.
Come and see our
latest herring-bone suit
ings in the latest gray
effeets.
WIDEMAN
THE TAILOR
303 University Avenue.
Come and see our
latest herring-bone suit
ings in the latest gray
effeets.
WIDEMAN
THE TAILOR
303 University Avenue.
Come and see our
latest herring-bone suit
ings in the latest gray
effeets.
WIDEMAN
THE TAILOR
303 University Avenue.
