# Second Encina "At Home."
## 
### 
The second "At Home" given by
Encina Club will be held on Satur
day evening, November 17th. The
arrangements are in charge of the
same committee that managed the
former affair.
The second "At Home" given by
Encina Club will be held on Satur
day evening, November 17th. The
arrangements are in charge of the
same committee that managed the
former affair.
The second "At Home" given by
Encina Club will be held on Satur
day evening, November 17th. The
arrangements are in charge of the
same committee that managed the
former affair.
The second "At Home" given by
Encina Club will be held on Satur
day evening, November 17th. The
arrangements are in charge of the
same committee that managed the
former affair.
The second "At Home" given by
Encina Club will be held on Satur
day evening, November 17th. The
arrangements are in charge of the
same committee that managed the
former affair.
The second "At Home" given by
Encina Club will be held on Satur
day evening, November 17th. The
arrangements are in charge of the
same committee that managed the
former affair.
The second "At Home" given by
Encina Club will be held on Satur
day evening, November 17th. The
arrangements are in charge of the
same committee that managed the
former affair.
The second "At Home" given by
Encina Club will be held on Satur
day evening, November 17th. The
arrangements are in charge of the
same committee that managed the
former affair.
The second "At Home" given by
Encina Club will be held on Satur
day evening, November 17th. The
arrangements are in charge of the
same committee that managed the
former affair.
