# Untitled Article
## 
### 
"Kerrigan is one of the pupils of
King, Stanford's lately-secured
track coach. He is twenty years
old and will take a commercial
course at Stanford."—Call corres
pondence.
Tnis is painful and humiliating.
Three years ago an unfortunate
wording of the athletic agreement
classed Stanford as a prep, school,
and Berkeley enjoyed that joke im
mensely. Now we are ranked as a
business college, for "commercial
course" belongs nowhere else, not to
a university nor even to a prep,
school. So our friends and others
will miss a grand opportunity if
they do not laugh again. Our dis
comfiture could not be made more
complete.
"Kerrigan is one of the pupils of
King, Stanford's lately-secured
track coach. He is twenty years
old and will take a commercial
course at Stanford."—Call corres
pondence.
Tnis is painful and humiliating.
Three years ago an unfortunate
wording of the athletic agreement
classed Stanford as a prep, school,
and Berkeley enjoyed that joke im
mensely. Now we are ranked as a
business college, for "commercial
course" belongs nowhere else, not to
a university nor even to a prep,
school. So our friends and others
will miss a grand opportunity if
they do not laugh again. Our dis
comfiture could not be made more
complete.
"Kerrigan is one of the pupils of
King, Stanford's lately-secured
track coach. He is twenty years
old and will take a commercial
course at Stanford."—Call corres
pondence.
Tnis is painful and humiliating.
Three years ago an unfortunate
wording of the athletic agreement
classed Stanford as a prep, school,
and Berkeley enjoyed that joke im
mensely. Now we are ranked as a
business college, for "commercial
course" belongs nowhere else, not to
a university nor even to a prep,
school. So our friends and others
will miss a grand opportunity if
they do not laugh again. Our dis
comfiture could not be made more
complete.
"Kerrigan is one of the pupils of
King, Stanford's lately-secured
track coach. He is twenty years
old and will take a commercial
course at Stanford."—Call corres
pondence.
Tnis is painful and humiliating.
Three years ago an unfortunate
wording of the athletic agreement
classed Stanford as a prep, school,
and Berkeley enjoyed that joke im
mensely. Now we are ranked as a
business college, for "commercial
course" belongs nowhere else, not to
a university nor even to a prep,
school. So our friends and others
will miss a grand opportunity if
they do not laugh again. Our dis
comfiture could not be made more
complete.
"Kerrigan is one of the pupils of
King, Stanford's lately-secured
track coach. He is twenty years
old and will take a commercial
course at Stanford."—Call corres
pondence.
Tnis is painful and humiliating.
Three years ago an unfortunate
wording of the athletic agreement
classed Stanford as a prep, school,
and Berkeley enjoyed that joke im
mensely. Now we are ranked as a
business college, for "commercial
course" belongs nowhere else, not to
a university nor even to a prep,
school. So our friends and others
will miss a grand opportunity if
they do not laugh again. Our dis
comfiture could not be made more
complete.
