# Designs Wanted For Ball Program.
## 
### 
Designs are wanted for the cover ot
the Senior Rail program. The Senior
Rail committee decided last night to
offer a substantial prize for the most
acceptable drawing. Contestants are
asked to submit their designs to Chair
man T. Sanborn during the week fol
lowing vacation.
Designs are wanted for the cover ot
the Senior Rail program. The Senior
Rail committee decided last night to
offer a substantial prize for the most
acceptable drawing. Contestants are
asked to submit their designs to Chair
man T. Sanborn during the week fol
lowing vacation.
Designs are wanted for the cover ot
the Senior Rail program. The Senior
Rail committee decided last night to
offer a substantial prize for the most
acceptable drawing. Contestants are
asked to submit their designs to Chair
man T. Sanborn during the week fol
lowing vacation.
Designs are wanted for the cover ot
the Senior Rail program. The Senior
Rail committee decided last night to
offer a substantial prize for the most
acceptable drawing. Contestants are
asked to submit their designs to Chair
man T. Sanborn during the week fol
lowing vacation.
Designs are wanted for the cover ot
the Senior Rail program. The Senior
Rail committee decided last night to
offer a substantial prize for the most
acceptable drawing. Contestants are
asked to submit their designs to Chair
man T. Sanborn during the week fol
lowing vacation.
Designs are wanted for the cover ot
the Senior Rail program. The Senior
Rail committee decided last night to
offer a substantial prize for the most
acceptable drawing. Contestants are
asked to submit their designs to Chair
man T. Sanborn during the week fol
lowing vacation.
Designs are wanted for the cover ot
the Senior Rail program. The Senior
Rail committee decided last night to
offer a substantial prize for the most
acceptable drawing. Contestants are
asked to submit their designs to Chair
man T. Sanborn during the week fol
lowing vacation.
Designs are wanted for the cover ot
the Senior Rail program. The Senior
Rail committee decided last night to
offer a substantial prize for the most
acceptable drawing. Contestants are
asked to submit their designs to Chair
man T. Sanborn during the week fol
lowing vacation.
Designs are wanted for the cover ot
the Senior Rail program. The Senior
Rail committee decided last night to
offer a substantial prize for the most
acceptable drawing. Contestants are
asked to submit their designs to Chair
man T. Sanborn during the week fol
lowing vacation.
Designs are wanted for the cover ot
the Senior Rail program. The Senior
Rail committee decided last night to
offer a substantial prize for the most
acceptable drawing. Contestants are
asked to submit their designs to Chair
man T. Sanborn during the week fol
lowing vacation.
Designs are wanted for the cover ot
the Senior Rail program. The Senior
Rail committee decided last night to
offer a substantial prize for the most
acceptable drawing. Contestants are
asked to submit their designs to Chair
man T. Sanborn during the week fol
lowing vacation.
Designs are wanted for the cover ot
the Senior Rail program. The Senior
Rail committee decided last night to
offer a substantial prize for the most
acceptable drawing. Contestants are
asked to submit their designs to Chair
man T. Sanborn during the week fol
lowing vacation.
Designs are wanted for the cover ot
the Senior Rail program. The Senior
Rail committee decided last night to
offer a substantial prize for the most
acceptable drawing. Contestants are
asked to submit their designs to Chair
man T. Sanborn during the week fol
lowing vacation.
