# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
OPEN TIL 9
Thursdays we stay open
evenings for the bene
fit of customers who
begin a Long-Playing
record at 5:28
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
OPEN TIL 9
Thursdays we stay open
evenings for the bene
fit of customers who
begin a Long-Playing
record at 5:28
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
OPEN TIL 9
Thursdays we stay open
evenings for the bene
fit of customers who
begin a Long-Playing
record at 5:28
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
OPEN TIL 9
Thursdays we stay open
evenings for the bene
fit of customers who
begin a Long-Playing
record at 5:28
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
OPEN TIL 9
Thursdays we stay open
evenings for the bene
fit of customers who
begin a Long-Playing
record at 5:28
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
OPEN TIL 9
Thursdays we stay open
evenings for the bene
fit of customers who
begin a Long-Playing
record at 5:28
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
OPEN TIL 9
Thursdays we stay open
evenings for the bene
fit of customers who
begin a Long-Playing
record at 5:28
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
OPEN TIL 9
Thursdays we stay open
evenings for the bene
fit of customers who
begin a Long-Playing
record at 5:28
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
OPEN TIL 9
Thursdays we stay open
evenings for the bene
fit of customers who
begin a Long-Playing
record at 5:28
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
OPEN TIL 9
Thursdays we stay open
evenings for the bene
fit of customers who
begin a Long-Playing
record at 5:28
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
OPEN TIL 9
Thursdays we stay open
evenings for the bene
fit of customers who
begin a Long-Playing
record at 5:28
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
OPEN TIL 9
Thursdays we stay open
evenings for the bene
fit of customers who
begin a Long-Playing
record at 5:28
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
OPEN TIL 9
Thursdays we stay open
evenings for the bene
fit of customers who
begin a Long-Playing
record at 5:28
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
OPEN TIL 9
Thursdays we stay open
evenings for the bene
fit of customers who
begin a Long-Playing
record at 5:28
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
OPEN TIL 9
Thursdays we stay open
evenings for the bene
fit of customers who
begin a Long-Playing
record at 5:28
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
