# REVIVAL SERIES
## 
### 
A pair of old-time films will be
shown at the Revival Series to
night at Cubberley Auditorium
"Rescued from an Eagle's Nest,'
filmed in 1007, and"The Battleship
Potemkin," produced in 1925, arc
featured.
A pair of old-time films will be
shown at the Revival Series to
night at Cubberley Auditorium
"Rescued from an Eagle's Nest,'
filmed in 1007, and"The Battleship
Potemkin," produced in 1925, arc
featured.
A pair of old-time films will be
shown at the Revival Series to
night at Cubberley Auditorium
"Rescued from an Eagle's Nest,'
filmed in 1007, and"The Battleship
Potemkin," produced in 1925, arc
featured.
A pair of old-time films will be
shown at the Revival Series to
night at Cubberley Auditorium
"Rescued from an Eagle's Nest,'
filmed in 1007, and"The Battleship
Potemkin," produced in 1925, arc
featured.
A pair of old-time films will be
shown at the Revival Series to
night at Cubberley Auditorium
"Rescued from an Eagle's Nest,'
filmed in 1007, and"The Battleship
Potemkin," produced in 1925, arc
featured.
A pair of old-time films will be
shown at the Revival Series to
night at Cubberley Auditorium
"Rescued from an Eagle's Nest,'
filmed in 1007, and"The Battleship
Potemkin," produced in 1925, arc
featured.
A pair of old-time films will be
shown at the Revival Series to
night at Cubberley Auditorium
"Rescued from an Eagle's Nest,'
filmed in 1007, and"The Battleship
Potemkin," produced in 1925, arc
featured.
A pair of old-time films will be
shown at the Revival Series to
night at Cubberley Auditorium
"Rescued from an Eagle's Nest,'
filmed in 1007, and"The Battleship
Potemkin," produced in 1925, arc
featured.
A pair of old-time films will be
shown at the Revival Series to
night at Cubberley Auditorium
"Rescued from an Eagle's Nest,'
filmed in 1007, and"The Battleship
Potemkin," produced in 1925, arc
featured.
A pair of old-time films will be
shown at the Revival Series to
night at Cubberley Auditorium
"Rescued from an Eagle's Nest,'
filmed in 1007, and"The Battleship
Potemkin," produced in 1925, arc
featured.
A pair of old-time films will be
shown at the Revival Series to
night at Cubberley Auditorium
"Rescued from an Eagle's Nest,'
filmed in 1007, and"The Battleship
Potemkin," produced in 1925, arc
featured.
A pair of old-time films will be
shown at the Revival Series to
night at Cubberley Auditorium
"Rescued from an Eagle's Nest,'
filmed in 1007, and"The Battleship
Potemkin," produced in 1925, arc
featured.
A pair of old-time films will be
shown at the Revival Series to
night at Cubberley Auditorium
"Rescued from an Eagle's Nest,'
filmed in 1007, and"The Battleship
Potemkin," produced in 1925, arc
featured.
A pair of old-time films will be
shown at the Revival Series to
night at Cubberley Auditorium
"Rescued from an Eagle's Nest,'
filmed in 1007, and"The Battleship
Potemkin," produced in 1925, arc
featured.
A pair of old-time films will be
shown at the Revival Series to
night at Cubberley Auditorium
"Rescued from an Eagle's Nest,'
filmed in 1007, and"The Battleship
Potemkin," produced in 1925, arc
featured.
