# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The degrees of Ph. 8., H. S., and
H. \j. have been abolished at Cor
nell, the four general courses hav
ing been combined into one leading
to the degree of A. 15. All work in
this course is elective during the
entire four years.
The degrees of Ph. 8., H. S., and
H. \j. have been abolished at Cor
nell, the four general courses hav
ing been combined into one leading
to the degree of A. 15. All work in
this course is elective during the
entire four years.
The degrees of Ph. 8., H. S., and
H. \j. have been abolished at Cor
nell, the four general courses hav
ing been combined into one leading
to the degree of A. 15. All work in
this course is elective during the
entire four years.
The degrees of Ph. 8., H. S., and
H. \j. have been abolished at Cor
nell, the four general courses hav
ing been combined into one leading
to the degree of A. 15. All work in
this course is elective during the
entire four years.
The degrees of Ph. 8., H. S., and
H. \j. have been abolished at Cor
nell, the four general courses hav
ing been combined into one leading
to the degree of A. 15. All work in
this course is elective during the
entire four years.
