# Adv. 124 Page 29
## 
### 
I You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights g
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
I You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights g
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
I You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights g
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
I You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights g
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
I You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights g
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
I You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights g
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
I You've never
seen anything
like it. . .
A nocturnal animal, it
has seven terminal
arms and occasionally
short hands, goes to
bed late five nights g
week, writes heads,
lays pages, makes
adlines, deadlines,
cutlines and pics, eats
pizza at night and
sometimes its own
words. It's the Daily,
your newspaper.
You could love it!
