# Stanford Profs To Aid SC Culture
## 
### 
Two Stanford professors are
scheduled to speak in a series of
lectures) designed to broaden the
medical students' cultural back
grounds at the University of
Southern California School of
Medicine.
Dr. Margery Bailey, emeritus
professor of English at Stanford,
will speak on "Reginnings of
English Comedy" on Nov. 8 and
15.
The final lectures in the series,
Dec. 112» and 13, will be given by
Rev. Alexander Miller, Stanford
professor of religion, on "Science
and Religion."
Prominent authorities in the
fields of art, music, theater. liter
ature and religion will address
the SC medical student body dur
ing the course of the lectures, in
order that tomorrow's physicians
will look upon their patients as
human beings and not just
"cases."
Two Stanford professors are
scheduled to speak in a series of
lectures) designed to broaden the
medical students' cultural back
grounds at the University of
Southern California School of
Medicine.
Dr. Margery Bailey, emeritus
professor of English at Stanford,
will speak on "Reginnings of
English Comedy" on Nov. 8 and
15.
The final lectures in the series,
Dec. 112» and 13, will be given by
Rev. Alexander Miller, Stanford
professor of religion, on "Science
and Religion."
Prominent authorities in the
fields of art, music, theater. liter
ature and religion will address
the SC medical student body dur
ing the course of the lectures, in
order that tomorrow's physicians
will look upon their patients as
human beings and not just
"cases."
Two Stanford professors are
scheduled to speak in a series of
lectures) designed to broaden the
medical students' cultural back
grounds at the University of
Southern California School of
Medicine.
Dr. Margery Bailey, emeritus
professor of English at Stanford,
will speak on "Reginnings of
English Comedy" on Nov. 8 and
15.
The final lectures in the series,
Dec. 112» and 13, will be given by
Rev. Alexander Miller, Stanford
professor of religion, on "Science
and Religion."
Prominent authorities in the
fields of art, music, theater. liter
ature and religion will address
the SC medical student body dur
ing the course of the lectures, in
order that tomorrow's physicians
will look upon their patients as
human beings and not just
"cases."
Two Stanford professors are
scheduled to speak in a series of
lectures) designed to broaden the
medical students' cultural back
grounds at the University of
Southern California School of
Medicine.
Dr. Margery Bailey, emeritus
professor of English at Stanford,
will speak on "Reginnings of
English Comedy" on Nov. 8 and
15.
The final lectures in the series,
Dec. 112» and 13, will be given by
Rev. Alexander Miller, Stanford
professor of religion, on "Science
and Religion."
Prominent authorities in the
fields of art, music, theater. liter
ature and religion will address
the SC medical student body dur
ing the course of the lectures, in
order that tomorrow's physicians
will look upon their patients as
human beings and not just
"cases."
Two Stanford professors are
scheduled to speak in a series of
lectures) designed to broaden the
medical students' cultural back
grounds at the University of
Southern California School of
Medicine.
Dr. Margery Bailey, emeritus
professor of English at Stanford,
will speak on "Reginnings of
English Comedy" on Nov. 8 and
15.
The final lectures in the series,
Dec. 112» and 13, will be given by
Rev. Alexander Miller, Stanford
professor of religion, on "Science
and Religion."
Prominent authorities in the
fields of art, music, theater. liter
ature and religion will address
the SC medical student body dur
ing the course of the lectures, in
order that tomorrow's physicians
will look upon their patients as
human beings and not just
"cases."
Two Stanford professors are
scheduled to speak in a series of
lectures) designed to broaden the
medical students' cultural back
grounds at the University of
Southern California School of
Medicine.
Dr. Margery Bailey, emeritus
professor of English at Stanford,
will speak on "Reginnings of
English Comedy" on Nov. 8 and
15.
The final lectures in the series,
Dec. 112» and 13, will be given by
Rev. Alexander Miller, Stanford
professor of religion, on "Science
and Religion."
Prominent authorities in the
fields of art, music, theater. liter
ature and religion will address
the SC medical student body dur
ing the course of the lectures, in
order that tomorrow's physicians
will look upon their patients as
human beings and not just
"cases."
Two Stanford professors are
scheduled to speak in a series of
lectures) designed to broaden the
medical students' cultural back
grounds at the University of
Southern California School of
Medicine.
Dr. Margery Bailey, emeritus
professor of English at Stanford,
will speak on "Reginnings of
English Comedy" on Nov. 8 and
15.
The final lectures in the series,
Dec. 112» and 13, will be given by
Rev. Alexander Miller, Stanford
professor of religion, on "Science
and Religion."
Prominent authorities in the
fields of art, music, theater. liter
ature and religion will address
the SC medical student body dur
ing the course of the lectures, in
order that tomorrow's physicians
will look upon their patients as
human beings and not just
"cases."
Two Stanford professors are
scheduled to speak in a series of
lectures) designed to broaden the
medical students' cultural back
grounds at the University of
Southern California School of
Medicine.
Dr. Margery Bailey, emeritus
professor of English at Stanford,
will speak on "Reginnings of
English Comedy" on Nov. 8 and
15.
The final lectures in the series,
Dec. 112» and 13, will be given by
Rev. Alexander Miller, Stanford
professor of religion, on "Science
and Religion."
Prominent authorities in the
fields of art, music, theater. liter
ature and religion will address
the SC medical student body dur
ing the course of the lectures, in
order that tomorrow's physicians
will look upon their patients as
human beings and not just
"cases."
Two Stanford professors are
scheduled to speak in a series of
lectures) designed to broaden the
medical students' cultural back
grounds at the University of
Southern California School of
Medicine.
Dr. Margery Bailey, emeritus
professor of English at Stanford,
will speak on "Reginnings of
English Comedy" on Nov. 8 and
15.
The final lectures in the series,
Dec. 112» and 13, will be given by
Rev. Alexander Miller, Stanford
professor of religion, on "Science
and Religion."
Prominent authorities in the
fields of art, music, theater. liter
ature and religion will address
the SC medical student body dur
ing the course of the lectures, in
order that tomorrow's physicians
will look upon their patients as
human beings and not just
"cases."
Two Stanford professors are
scheduled to speak in a series of
lectures) designed to broaden the
medical students' cultural back
grounds at the University of
Southern California School of
Medicine.
Dr. Margery Bailey, emeritus
professor of English at Stanford,
will speak on "Reginnings of
English Comedy" on Nov. 8 and
15.
The final lectures in the series,
Dec. 112» and 13, will be given by
Rev. Alexander Miller, Stanford
professor of religion, on "Science
and Religion."
Prominent authorities in the
fields of art, music, theater. liter
ature and religion will address
the SC medical student body dur
ing the course of the lectures, in
order that tomorrow's physicians
will look upon their patients as
human beings and not just
"cases."
Two Stanford professors are
scheduled to speak in a series of
lectures) designed to broaden the
medical students' cultural back
grounds at the University of
Southern California School of
Medicine.
Dr. Margery Bailey, emeritus
professor of English at Stanford,
will speak on "Reginnings of
English Comedy" on Nov. 8 and
15.
The final lectures in the series,
Dec. 112» and 13, will be given by
Rev. Alexander Miller, Stanford
professor of religion, on "Science
and Religion."
Prominent authorities in the
fields of art, music, theater. liter
ature and religion will address
the SC medical student body dur
ing the course of the lectures, in
order that tomorrow's physicians
will look upon their patients as
human beings and not just
"cases."
Two Stanford professors are
scheduled to speak in a series of
lectures) designed to broaden the
medical students' cultural back
grounds at the University of
Southern California School of
Medicine.
Dr. Margery Bailey, emeritus
professor of English at Stanford,
will speak on "Reginnings of
English Comedy" on Nov. 8 and
15.
The final lectures in the series,
Dec. 112» and 13, will be given by
Rev. Alexander Miller, Stanford
professor of religion, on "Science
and Religion."
Prominent authorities in the
fields of art, music, theater. liter
ature and religion will address
the SC medical student body dur
ing the course of the lectures, in
order that tomorrow's physicians
will look upon their patients as
human beings and not just
"cases."
Two Stanford professors are
scheduled to speak in a series of
lectures) designed to broaden the
medical students' cultural back
grounds at the University of
Southern California School of
Medicine.
Dr. Margery Bailey, emeritus
professor of English at Stanford,
will speak on "Reginnings of
English Comedy" on Nov. 8 and
15.
The final lectures in the series,
Dec. 112» and 13, will be given by
Rev. Alexander Miller, Stanford
professor of religion, on "Science
and Religion."
Prominent authorities in the
fields of art, music, theater. liter
ature and religion will address
the SC medical student body dur
ing the course of the lectures, in
order that tomorrow's physicians
will look upon their patients as
human beings and not just
"cases."
Two Stanford professors are
scheduled to speak in a series of
lectures) designed to broaden the
medical students' cultural back
grounds at the University of
Southern California School of
Medicine.
Dr. Margery Bailey, emeritus
professor of English at Stanford,
will speak on "Reginnings of
English Comedy" on Nov. 8 and
15.
The final lectures in the series,
Dec. 112» and 13, will be given by
Rev. Alexander Miller, Stanford
professor of religion, on "Science
and Religion."
Prominent authorities in the
fields of art, music, theater. liter
ature and religion will address
the SC medical student body dur
ing the course of the lectures, in
order that tomorrow's physicians
will look upon their patients as
human beings and not just
"cases."
Two Stanford professors are
scheduled to speak in a series of
lectures) designed to broaden the
medical students' cultural back
grounds at the University of
Southern California School of
Medicine.
Dr. Margery Bailey, emeritus
professor of English at Stanford,
will speak on "Reginnings of
English Comedy" on Nov. 8 and
15.
The final lectures in the series,
Dec. 112» and 13, will be given by
Rev. Alexander Miller, Stanford
professor of religion, on "Science
and Religion."
Prominent authorities in the
fields of art, music, theater. liter
ature and religion will address
the SC medical student body dur
ing the course of the lectures, in
order that tomorrow's physicians
will look upon their patients as
human beings and not just
"cases."
Two Stanford professors are
scheduled to speak in a series of
lectures) designed to broaden the
medical students' cultural back
grounds at the University of
Southern California School of
Medicine.
Dr. Margery Bailey, emeritus
professor of English at Stanford,
will speak on "Reginnings of
English Comedy" on Nov. 8 and
15.
The final lectures in the series,
Dec. 112» and 13, will be given by
Rev. Alexander Miller, Stanford
professor of religion, on "Science
and Religion."
Prominent authorities in the
fields of art, music, theater. liter
ature and religion will address
the SC medical student body dur
ing the course of the lectures, in
order that tomorrow's physicians
will look upon their patients as
human beings and not just
"cases."
