# Labor Party Man Speaks Tonight
## 
### 
Eric Mass, Socialist Labor Par
ty Presidential candidate, will
speak over three radio and TV
networks tonight from New York
City.
The radio programs will be
heard on KNBC at 7:15 and KGO
at 8:30. The ARC television pro
gram is scheduled for 6 on KGO
TV. Hass made campaign appear
ances recently in the Ray Area.
Eric Mass, Socialist Labor Par
ty Presidential candidate, will
speak over three radio and TV
networks tonight from New York
City.
The radio programs will be
heard on KNBC at 7:15 and KGO
at 8:30. The ARC television pro
gram is scheduled for 6 on KGO
TV. Hass made campaign appear
ances recently in the Ray Area.
Eric Mass, Socialist Labor Par
ty Presidential candidate, will
speak over three radio and TV
networks tonight from New York
City.
The radio programs will be
heard on KNBC at 7:15 and KGO
at 8:30. The ARC television pro
gram is scheduled for 6 on KGO
TV. Hass made campaign appear
ances recently in the Ray Area.
Eric Mass, Socialist Labor Par
ty Presidential candidate, will
speak over three radio and TV
networks tonight from New York
City.
The radio programs will be
heard on KNBC at 7:15 and KGO
at 8:30. The ARC television pro
gram is scheduled for 6 on KGO
TV. Hass made campaign appear
ances recently in the Ray Area.
Eric Mass, Socialist Labor Par
ty Presidential candidate, will
speak over three radio and TV
networks tonight from New York
City.
The radio programs will be
heard on KNBC at 7:15 and KGO
at 8:30. The ARC television pro
gram is scheduled for 6 on KGO
TV. Hass made campaign appear
ances recently in the Ray Area.
Eric Mass, Socialist Labor Par
ty Presidential candidate, will
speak over three radio and TV
networks tonight from New York
City.
The radio programs will be
heard on KNBC at 7:15 and KGO
at 8:30. The ARC television pro
gram is scheduled for 6 on KGO
TV. Hass made campaign appear
ances recently in the Ray Area.
Eric Mass, Socialist Labor Par
ty Presidential candidate, will
speak over three radio and TV
networks tonight from New York
City.
The radio programs will be
heard on KNBC at 7:15 and KGO
at 8:30. The ARC television pro
gram is scheduled for 6 on KGO
TV. Hass made campaign appear
ances recently in the Ray Area.
Eric Mass, Socialist Labor Par
ty Presidential candidate, will
speak over three radio and TV
networks tonight from New York
City.
The radio programs will be
heard on KNBC at 7:15 and KGO
at 8:30. The ARC television pro
gram is scheduled for 6 on KGO
TV. Hass made campaign appear
ances recently in the Ray Area.
Eric Mass, Socialist Labor Par
ty Presidential candidate, will
speak over three radio and TV
networks tonight from New York
City.
The radio programs will be
heard on KNBC at 7:15 and KGO
at 8:30. The ARC television pro
gram is scheduled for 6 on KGO
TV. Hass made campaign appear
ances recently in the Ray Area.
Eric Mass, Socialist Labor Par
ty Presidential candidate, will
speak over three radio and TV
networks tonight from New York
City.
The radio programs will be
heard on KNBC at 7:15 and KGO
at 8:30. The ARC television pro
gram is scheduled for 6 on KGO
TV. Hass made campaign appear
ances recently in the Ray Area.
Eric Mass, Socialist Labor Par
ty Presidential candidate, will
speak over three radio and TV
networks tonight from New York
City.
The radio programs will be
heard on KNBC at 7:15 and KGO
at 8:30. The ARC television pro
gram is scheduled for 6 on KGO
TV. Hass made campaign appear
ances recently in the Ray Area.
Eric Mass, Socialist Labor Par
ty Presidential candidate, will
speak over three radio and TV
networks tonight from New York
City.
The radio programs will be
heard on KNBC at 7:15 and KGO
at 8:30. The ARC television pro
gram is scheduled for 6 on KGO
TV. Hass made campaign appear
ances recently in the Ray Area.
Eric Mass, Socialist Labor Par
ty Presidential candidate, will
speak over three radio and TV
networks tonight from New York
City.
The radio programs will be
heard on KNBC at 7:15 and KGO
at 8:30. The ARC television pro
gram is scheduled for 6 on KGO
TV. Hass made campaign appear
ances recently in the Ray Area.
Eric Mass, Socialist Labor Par
ty Presidential candidate, will
speak over three radio and TV
networks tonight from New York
City.
The radio programs will be
heard on KNBC at 7:15 and KGO
at 8:30. The ARC television pro
gram is scheduled for 6 on KGO
TV. Hass made campaign appear
ances recently in the Ray Area.
Eric Mass, Socialist Labor Par
ty Presidential candidate, will
speak over three radio and TV
networks tonight from New York
City.
The radio programs will be
heard on KNBC at 7:15 and KGO
at 8:30. The ARC television pro
gram is scheduled for 6 on KGO
TV. Hass made campaign appear
ances recently in the Ray Area.
Eric Mass, Socialist Labor Par
ty Presidential candidate, will
speak over three radio and TV
networks tonight from New York
City.
The radio programs will be
heard on KNBC at 7:15 and KGO
at 8:30. The ARC television pro
gram is scheduled for 6 on KGO
TV. Hass made campaign appear
ances recently in the Ray Area.
