# Diplomat's Wife Appears in Court
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 15
(UP* Mrs. Sonje Juznie, 26-year
old wife of the Yugoslavian vice
consul in San Francisco, ap
peared for arraignment in mu
nicipal court here today on a
petty shoplifting charge fraught
with international diplomatic
overtones.
The attractive brunette wife of
diplomat Stanislaus Juznie was
formally charged with stealing
$26.7.1 worth of assorted mer
chandise in a complaint signed
this morning by the department
store detective who arrested her
last Saturday.
Pale but composed, she stood
silently before Judge James
Welsh during the five-minute
court proceeding while her attor
ney, Emmett Hayes, waived read
ing of charges and was granted a
continuance until Oct. 22 for plea.
