# Ike Orders Atom Powered Vessel
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15
President Eisenhower today or
dered full speed ahead on con
struction of an atom - powered
merchant ship in hopes it even
tually will lead to an all nuclear
merchant fleet.
At a Whitp House ceremony
Eisenhower instructed top atomic
and merchant marine officials to
get the ship on the ways as soon
as possible. Construction is ex
pected to start next year.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15
President Eisenhower today or
dered full speed ahead on con
struction of an atom - powered
merchant ship in hopes it even
tually will lead to an all nuclear
merchant fleet.
At a Whitp House ceremony
Eisenhower instructed top atomic
and merchant marine officials to
get the ship on the ways as soon
as possible. Construction is ex
pected to start next year.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15
President Eisenhower today or
dered full speed ahead on con
struction of an atom - powered
merchant ship in hopes it even
tually will lead to an all nuclear
merchant fleet.
At a Whitp House ceremony
Eisenhower instructed top atomic
and merchant marine officials to
get the ship on the ways as soon
as possible. Construction is ex
pected to start next year.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15
President Eisenhower today or
dered full speed ahead on con
struction of an atom - powered
merchant ship in hopes it even
tually will lead to an all nuclear
merchant fleet.
At a Whitp House ceremony
Eisenhower instructed top atomic
and merchant marine officials to
get the ship on the ways as soon
as possible. Construction is ex
pected to start next year.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15
President Eisenhower today or
dered full speed ahead on con
struction of an atom - powered
merchant ship in hopes it even
tually will lead to an all nuclear
merchant fleet.
At a Whitp House ceremony
Eisenhower instructed top atomic
and merchant marine officials to
get the ship on the ways as soon
as possible. Construction is ex
pected to start next year.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15
President Eisenhower today or
dered full speed ahead on con
struction of an atom - powered
merchant ship in hopes it even
tually will lead to an all nuclear
merchant fleet.
At a Whitp House ceremony
Eisenhower instructed top atomic
and merchant marine officials to
get the ship on the ways as soon
as possible. Construction is ex
pected to start next year.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15
President Eisenhower today or
dered full speed ahead on con
struction of an atom - powered
merchant ship in hopes it even
tually will lead to an all nuclear
merchant fleet.
At a Whitp House ceremony
Eisenhower instructed top atomic
and merchant marine officials to
get the ship on the ways as soon
as possible. Construction is ex
pected to start next year.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15
President Eisenhower today or
dered full speed ahead on con
struction of an atom - powered
merchant ship in hopes it even
tually will lead to an all nuclear
merchant fleet.
At a Whitp House ceremony
Eisenhower instructed top atomic
and merchant marine officials to
get the ship on the ways as soon
as possible. Construction is ex
pected to start next year.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15
President Eisenhower today or
dered full speed ahead on con
struction of an atom - powered
merchant ship in hopes it even
tually will lead to an all nuclear
merchant fleet.
At a Whitp House ceremony
Eisenhower instructed top atomic
and merchant marine officials to
get the ship on the ways as soon
as possible. Construction is ex
pected to start next year.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15
President Eisenhower today or
dered full speed ahead on con
struction of an atom - powered
merchant ship in hopes it even
tually will lead to an all nuclear
merchant fleet.
At a Whitp House ceremony
Eisenhower instructed top atomic
and merchant marine officials to
get the ship on the ways as soon
as possible. Construction is ex
pected to start next year.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15
President Eisenhower today or
dered full speed ahead on con
struction of an atom - powered
merchant ship in hopes it even
tually will lead to an all nuclear
merchant fleet.
At a Whitp House ceremony
Eisenhower instructed top atomic
and merchant marine officials to
get the ship on the ways as soon
as possible. Construction is ex
pected to start next year.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15
President Eisenhower today or
dered full speed ahead on con
struction of an atom - powered
merchant ship in hopes it even
tually will lead to an all nuclear
merchant fleet.
At a Whitp House ceremony
Eisenhower instructed top atomic
and merchant marine officials to
get the ship on the ways as soon
as possible. Construction is ex
pected to start next year.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15
President Eisenhower today or
dered full speed ahead on con
struction of an atom - powered
merchant ship in hopes it even
tually will lead to an all nuclear
merchant fleet.
At a Whitp House ceremony
Eisenhower instructed top atomic
and merchant marine officials to
get the ship on the ways as soon
as possible. Construction is ex
pected to start next year.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15
President Eisenhower today or
dered full speed ahead on con
struction of an atom - powered
merchant ship in hopes it even
tually will lead to an all nuclear
merchant fleet.
At a Whitp House ceremony
Eisenhower instructed top atomic
and merchant marine officials to
get the ship on the ways as soon
as possible. Construction is ex
pected to start next year.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15
President Eisenhower today or
dered full speed ahead on con
struction of an atom - powered
merchant ship in hopes it even
tually will lead to an all nuclear
merchant fleet.
At a Whitp House ceremony
Eisenhower instructed top atomic
and merchant marine officials to
get the ship on the ways as soon
as possible. Construction is ex
pected to start next year.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15
President Eisenhower today or
dered full speed ahead on con
struction of an atom - powered
merchant ship in hopes it even
tually will lead to an all nuclear
merchant fleet.
At a Whitp House ceremony
Eisenhower instructed top atomic
and merchant marine officials to
get the ship on the ways as soon
as possible. Construction is ex
pected to start next year.
