# Music Fraternity Has Informal Tea
## 
### 
Sigma Alpha lota, national pro
fessional fraternity for women in
music, will hold an informal tea
and musicale tomorrow at 4 p.m.
in the Women's Clubhouse. The
meeting is open to all women mu
sic majors or those planning con
centrated work in the field.
The Stanford chapter. est ah
lished in June, 1955, is the new
est of 105 college chapters. Pin
poses of the organization incluHn
the furthering of music educa
tion, the providing of opportuni
ties for musical expression and
acting as a service organization
for music in the University.
Interested women may contact
Elizabeth Van Vorst, Moore ll.til,
for further information.
