# Weeklong Celebrations Mark Birth Of Caribbean Country
## 
### 
Celebrations for the birth of
the new African nation, Guyana,
will continue today and the rest
of the week with speeches, a
coffee hour and panel discussion,
a film and folk songs, and an
"Evening Abroad."
The programs will deal with
various aspects of the new na
tion .which was formed from the
British Colony of British Guiana
and will celebrate its Indepen
dence on Thursday, May 26. All
programs will be presented at
the International Center.

Mrs. Roselind Chase, an edu
cation officer of Guyana, will
speak today at 4:15 p.m., on edu
cation in Guyana. Thursday is
Independence Day, and on Fri
day a coffee hour will be held
at 4:15 p.m., with Ken Mills,
Keith Lowe, and Mikel Scott
forming a panel to discuss prob
lems facing an emerging Carib
bean country.
A film on the family life in
Guyana will start at 7:00 p.m.,
Friday and will be followed by
folk songs of Guyana, sung by
Mikel Scott. Saturday's "Eve
ning Abroad" will start at 8:00
p.m. Exotic dishes from Guyana
and Jamaica will be served and
the evening will conclude with
a Calypso Jam Session of danc
ing.
Celebrations for the birth of
the new African nation, Guyana,
will continue today and the rest
of the week with speeches, a
coffee hour and panel discussion,
a film and folk songs, and an
"Evening Abroad."
The programs will deal with
various aspects of the new na
tion .which was formed from the
British Colony of British Guiana
and will celebrate its Indepen
dence on Thursday, May 26. All
programs will be presented at
the International Center.

Mrs. Roselind Chase, an edu
cation officer of Guyana, will
speak today at 4:15 p.m., on edu
cation in Guyana. Thursday is
Independence Day, and on Fri
day a coffee hour will be held
at 4:15 p.m., with Ken Mills,
Keith Lowe, and Mikel Scott
forming a panel to discuss prob
lems facing an emerging Carib
bean country.
A film on the family life in
Guyana will start at 7:00 p.m.,
Friday and will be followed by
folk songs of Guyana, sung by
Mikel Scott. Saturday's "Eve
ning Abroad" will start at 8:00
p.m. Exotic dishes from Guyana
and Jamaica will be served and
the evening will conclude with
a Calypso Jam Session of danc
ing.
Celebrations for the birth of
the new African nation, Guyana,
will continue today and the rest
of the week with speeches, a
coffee hour and panel discussion,
a film and folk songs, and an
"Evening Abroad."
The programs will deal with
various aspects of the new na
tion .which was formed from the
British Colony of British Guiana
and will celebrate its Indepen
dence on Thursday, May 26. All
programs will be presented at
the International Center.

Mrs. Roselind Chase, an edu
cation officer of Guyana, will
speak today at 4:15 p.m., on edu
cation in Guyana. Thursday is
Independence Day, and on Fri
day a coffee hour will be held
at 4:15 p.m., with Ken Mills,
Keith Lowe, and Mikel Scott
forming a panel to discuss prob
lems facing an emerging Carib
bean country.
A film on the family life in
Guyana will start at 7:00 p.m.,
Friday and will be followed by
folk songs of Guyana, sung by
Mikel Scott. Saturday's "Eve
ning Abroad" will start at 8:00
p.m. Exotic dishes from Guyana
and Jamaica will be served and
the evening will conclude with
a Calypso Jam Session of danc
ing.
Celebrations for the birth of
the new African nation, Guyana,
will continue today and the rest
of the week with speeches, a
coffee hour and panel discussion,
a film and folk songs, and an
"Evening Abroad."
The programs will deal with
various aspects of the new na
tion .which was formed from the
British Colony of British Guiana
and will celebrate its Indepen
dence on Thursday, May 26. All
programs will be presented at
the International Center.

Mrs. Roselind Chase, an edu
cation officer of Guyana, will
speak today at 4:15 p.m., on edu
cation in Guyana. Thursday is
Independence Day, and on Fri
day a coffee hour will be held
at 4:15 p.m., with Ken Mills,
Keith Lowe, and Mikel Scott
forming a panel to discuss prob
lems facing an emerging Carib
bean country.
A film on the family life in
Guyana will start at 7:00 p.m.,
Friday and will be followed by
folk songs of Guyana, sung by
Mikel Scott. Saturday's "Eve
ning Abroad" will start at 8:00
p.m. Exotic dishes from Guyana
and Jamaica will be served and
the evening will conclude with
a Calypso Jam Session of danc
ing.
Celebrations for the birth of
the new African nation, Guyana,
will continue today and the rest
of the week with speeches, a
coffee hour and panel discussion,
a film and folk songs, and an
"Evening Abroad."
The programs will deal with
various aspects of the new na
tion .which was formed from the
British Colony of British Guiana
and will celebrate its Indepen
dence on Thursday, May 26. All
programs will be presented at
the International Center.

Mrs. Roselind Chase, an edu
cation officer of Guyana, will
speak today at 4:15 p.m., on edu
cation in Guyana. Thursday is
Independence Day, and on Fri
day a coffee hour will be held
at 4:15 p.m., with Ken Mills,
Keith Lowe, and Mikel Scott
forming a panel to discuss prob
lems facing an emerging Carib
bean country.
A film on the family life in
Guyana will start at 7:00 p.m.,
Friday and will be followed by
folk songs of Guyana, sung by
Mikel Scott. Saturday's "Eve
ning Abroad" will start at 8:00
p.m. Exotic dishes from Guyana
and Jamaica will be served and
the evening will conclude with
a Calypso Jam Session of danc
ing.
Celebrations for the birth of
the new African nation, Guyana,
will continue today and the rest
of the week with speeches, a
coffee hour and panel discussion,
a film and folk songs, and an
"Evening Abroad."
The programs will deal with
various aspects of the new na
tion .which was formed from the
British Colony of British Guiana
and will celebrate its Indepen
dence on Thursday, May 26. All
programs will be presented at
the International Center.

Mrs. Roselind Chase, an edu
cation officer of Guyana, will
speak today at 4:15 p.m., on edu
cation in Guyana. Thursday is
Independence Day, and on Fri
day a coffee hour will be held
at 4:15 p.m., with Ken Mills,
Keith Lowe, and Mikel Scott
forming a panel to discuss prob
lems facing an emerging Carib
bean country.
A film on the family life in
Guyana will start at 7:00 p.m.,
Friday and will be followed by
folk songs of Guyana, sung by
Mikel Scott. Saturday's "Eve
ning Abroad" will start at 8:00
p.m. Exotic dishes from Guyana
and Jamaica will be served and
the evening will conclude with
a Calypso Jam Session of danc
ing.
Celebrations for the birth of
the new African nation, Guyana,
will continue today and the rest
of the week with speeches, a
coffee hour and panel discussion,
a film and folk songs, and an
"Evening Abroad."
The programs will deal with
various aspects of the new na
tion .which was formed from the
British Colony of British Guiana
and will celebrate its Indepen
dence on Thursday, May 26. All
programs will be presented at
the International Center.

Mrs. Roselind Chase, an edu
cation officer of Guyana, will
speak today at 4:15 p.m., on edu
cation in Guyana. Thursday is
Independence Day, and on Fri
day a coffee hour will be held
at 4:15 p.m., with Ken Mills,
Keith Lowe, and Mikel Scott
forming a panel to discuss prob
lems facing an emerging Carib
bean country.
A film on the family life in
Guyana will start at 7:00 p.m.,
Friday and will be followed by
folk songs of Guyana, sung by
Mikel Scott. Saturday's "Eve
ning Abroad" will start at 8:00
p.m. Exotic dishes from Guyana
and Jamaica will be served and
the evening will conclude with
a Calypso Jam Session of danc
ing.
Celebrations for the birth of
the new African nation, Guyana,
will continue today and the rest
of the week with speeches, a
coffee hour and panel discussion,
a film and folk songs, and an
"Evening Abroad."
The programs will deal with
various aspects of the new na
tion .which was formed from the
British Colony of British Guiana
and will celebrate its Indepen
dence on Thursday, May 26. All
programs will be presented at
the International Center.

Mrs. Roselind Chase, an edu
cation officer of Guyana, will
speak today at 4:15 p.m., on edu
cation in Guyana. Thursday is
Independence Day, and on Fri
day a coffee hour will be held
at 4:15 p.m., with Ken Mills,
Keith Lowe, and Mikel Scott
forming a panel to discuss prob
lems facing an emerging Carib
bean country.
A film on the family life in
Guyana will start at 7:00 p.m.,
Friday and will be followed by
folk songs of Guyana, sung by
Mikel Scott. Saturday's "Eve
ning Abroad" will start at 8:00
p.m. Exotic dishes from Guyana
and Jamaica will be served and
the evening will conclude with
a Calypso Jam Session of danc
ing.
Celebrations for the birth of
the new African nation, Guyana,
will continue today and the rest
of the week with speeches, a
coffee hour and panel discussion,
a film and folk songs, and an
"Evening Abroad."
The programs will deal with
various aspects of the new na
tion .which was formed from the
British Colony of British Guiana
and will celebrate its Indepen
dence on Thursday, May 26. All
programs will be presented at
the International Center.

Mrs. Roselind Chase, an edu
cation officer of Guyana, will
speak today at 4:15 p.m., on edu
cation in Guyana. Thursday is
Independence Day, and on Fri
day a coffee hour will be held
at 4:15 p.m., with Ken Mills,
Keith Lowe, and Mikel Scott
forming a panel to discuss prob
lems facing an emerging Carib
bean country.
A film on the family life in
Guyana will start at 7:00 p.m.,
Friday and will be followed by
folk songs of Guyana, sung by
Mikel Scott. Saturday's "Eve
ning Abroad" will start at 8:00
p.m. Exotic dishes from Guyana
and Jamaica will be served and
the evening will conclude with
a Calypso Jam Session of danc
ing.
Celebrations for the birth of
the new African nation, Guyana,
will continue today and the rest
of the week with speeches, a
coffee hour and panel discussion,
a film and folk songs, and an
"Evening Abroad."
The programs will deal with
various aspects of the new na
tion .which was formed from the
British Colony of British Guiana
and will celebrate its Indepen
dence on Thursday, May 26. All
programs will be presented at
the International Center.

Mrs. Roselind Chase, an edu
cation officer of Guyana, will
speak today at 4:15 p.m., on edu
cation in Guyana. Thursday is
Independence Day, and on Fri
day a coffee hour will be held
at 4:15 p.m., with Ken Mills,
Keith Lowe, and Mikel Scott
forming a panel to discuss prob
lems facing an emerging Carib
bean country.
A film on the family life in
Guyana will start at 7:00 p.m.,
Friday and will be followed by
folk songs of Guyana, sung by
Mikel Scott. Saturday's "Eve
ning Abroad" will start at 8:00
p.m. Exotic dishes from Guyana
and Jamaica will be served and
the evening will conclude with
a Calypso Jam Session of danc
ing.
Celebrations for the birth of
the new African nation, Guyana,
will continue today and the rest
of the week with speeches, a
coffee hour and panel discussion,
a film and folk songs, and an
"Evening Abroad."
The programs will deal with
various aspects of the new na
tion .which was formed from the
British Colony of British Guiana
and will celebrate its Indepen
dence on Thursday, May 26. All
programs will be presented at
the International Center.

Mrs. Roselind Chase, an edu
cation officer of Guyana, will
speak today at 4:15 p.m., on edu
cation in Guyana. Thursday is
Independence Day, and on Fri
day a coffee hour will be held
at 4:15 p.m., with Ken Mills,
Keith Lowe, and Mikel Scott
forming a panel to discuss prob
lems facing an emerging Carib
bean country.
A film on the family life in
Guyana will start at 7:00 p.m.,
Friday and will be followed by
folk songs of Guyana, sung by
Mikel Scott. Saturday's "Eve
ning Abroad" will start at 8:00
p.m. Exotic dishes from Guyana
and Jamaica will be served and
the evening will conclude with
a Calypso Jam Session of danc
ing.
Celebrations for the birth of
the new African nation, Guyana,
will continue today and the rest
of the week with speeches, a
coffee hour and panel discussion,
a film and folk songs, and an
"Evening Abroad."
The programs will deal with
various aspects of the new na
tion .which was formed from the
British Colony of British Guiana
and will celebrate its Indepen
dence on Thursday, May 26. All
programs will be presented at
the International Center.

Mrs. Roselind Chase, an edu
cation officer of Guyana, will
speak today at 4:15 p.m., on edu
cation in Guyana. Thursday is
Independence Day, and on Fri
day a coffee hour will be held
at 4:15 p.m., with Ken Mills,
Keith Lowe, and Mikel Scott
forming a panel to discuss prob
lems facing an emerging Carib
bean country.
A film on the family life in
Guyana will start at 7:00 p.m.,
Friday and will be followed by
folk songs of Guyana, sung by
Mikel Scott. Saturday's "Eve
ning Abroad" will start at 8:00
p.m. Exotic dishes from Guyana
and Jamaica will be served and
the evening will conclude with
a Calypso Jam Session of danc
ing.
Celebrations for the birth of
the new African nation, Guyana,
will continue today and the rest
of the week with speeches, a
coffee hour and panel discussion,
a film and folk songs, and an
"Evening Abroad."
The programs will deal with
various aspects of the new na
tion .which was formed from the
British Colony of British Guiana
and will celebrate its Indepen
dence on Thursday, May 26. All
programs will be presented at
the International Center.

Mrs. Roselind Chase, an edu
cation officer of Guyana, will
speak today at 4:15 p.m., on edu
cation in Guyana. Thursday is
Independence Day, and on Fri
day a coffee hour will be held
at 4:15 p.m., with Ken Mills,
Keith Lowe, and Mikel Scott
forming a panel to discuss prob
lems facing an emerging Carib
bean country.
A film on the family life in
Guyana will start at 7:00 p.m.,
Friday and will be followed by
folk songs of Guyana, sung by
Mikel Scott. Saturday's "Eve
ning Abroad" will start at 8:00
p.m. Exotic dishes from Guyana
and Jamaica will be served and
the evening will conclude with
a Calypso Jam Session of danc
ing.
Celebrations for the birth of
the new African nation, Guyana,
will continue today and the rest
of the week with speeches, a
coffee hour and panel discussion,
a film and folk songs, and an
"Evening Abroad."
The programs will deal with
various aspects of the new na
tion .which was formed from the
British Colony of British Guiana
and will celebrate its Indepen
dence on Thursday, May 26. All
programs will be presented at
the International Center.

Mrs. Roselind Chase, an edu
cation officer of Guyana, will
speak today at 4:15 p.m., on edu
cation in Guyana. Thursday is
Independence Day, and on Fri
day a coffee hour will be held
at 4:15 p.m., with Ken Mills,
Keith Lowe, and Mikel Scott
forming a panel to discuss prob
lems facing an emerging Carib
bean country.
A film on the family life in
Guyana will start at 7:00 p.m.,
Friday and will be followed by
folk songs of Guyana, sung by
Mikel Scott. Saturday's "Eve
ning Abroad" will start at 8:00
p.m. Exotic dishes from Guyana
and Jamaica will be served and
the evening will conclude with
a Calypso Jam Session of danc
ing.
Celebrations for the birth of
the new African nation, Guyana,
will continue today and the rest
of the week with speeches, a
coffee hour and panel discussion,
a film and folk songs, and an
"Evening Abroad."
The programs will deal with
various aspects of the new na
tion .which was formed from the
British Colony of British Guiana
and will celebrate its Indepen
dence on Thursday, May 26. All
programs will be presented at
the International Center.

Mrs. Roselind Chase, an edu
cation officer of Guyana, will
speak today at 4:15 p.m., on edu
cation in Guyana. Thursday is
Independence Day, and on Fri
day a coffee hour will be held
at 4:15 p.m., with Ken Mills,
Keith Lowe, and Mikel Scott
forming a panel to discuss prob
lems facing an emerging Carib
bean country.
A film on the family life in
Guyana will start at 7:00 p.m.,
Friday and will be followed by
folk songs of Guyana, sung by
Mikel Scott. Saturday's "Eve
ning Abroad" will start at 8:00
p.m. Exotic dishes from Guyana
and Jamaica will be served and
the evening will conclude with
a Calypso Jam Session of danc
ing.
