# FEATURED IN FOLLIES
## 
### 

Jeanne Melton, as the clear-eyed girl, and Joe Lawry, as Peter, arc
pictured in a scene from "You Were Perfectly Fine," a skit by Dorothy
Parker to be presented in the "Follies Bourgeois," Friday night. Tickets
for the student-produced follies are on sale at the Associated Student
Office in the Old Union.

Jeanne Melton, as the clear-eyed girl, and Joe Lawry, as Peter, arc
pictured in a scene from "You Were Perfectly Fine," a skit by Dorothy
Parker to be presented in the "Follies Bourgeois," Friday night. Tickets
for the student-produced follies are on sale at the Associated Student
Office in the Old Union.

Jeanne Melton, as the clear-eyed girl, and Joe Lawry, as Peter, arc
pictured in a scene from "You Were Perfectly Fine," a skit by Dorothy
Parker to be presented in the "Follies Bourgeois," Friday night. Tickets
for the student-produced follies are on sale at the Associated Student
Office in the Old Union.

Jeanne Melton, as the clear-eyed girl, and Joe Lawry, as Peter, arc
pictured in a scene from "You Were Perfectly Fine," a skit by Dorothy
Parker to be presented in the "Follies Bourgeois," Friday night. Tickets
for the student-produced follies are on sale at the Associated Student
Office in the Old Union.

Jeanne Melton, as the clear-eyed girl, and Joe Lawry, as Peter, arc
pictured in a scene from "You Were Perfectly Fine," a skit by Dorothy
Parker to be presented in the "Follies Bourgeois," Friday night. Tickets
for the student-produced follies are on sale at the Associated Student
Office in the Old Union.

Jeanne Melton, as the clear-eyed girl, and Joe Lawry, as Peter, arc
pictured in a scene from "You Were Perfectly Fine," a skit by Dorothy
Parker to be presented in the "Follies Bourgeois," Friday night. Tickets
for the student-produced follies are on sale at the Associated Student
Office in the Old Union.

Jeanne Melton, as the clear-eyed girl, and Joe Lawry, as Peter, arc
pictured in a scene from "You Were Perfectly Fine," a skit by Dorothy
Parker to be presented in the "Follies Bourgeois," Friday night. Tickets
for the student-produced follies are on sale at the Associated Student
Office in the Old Union.

Jeanne Melton, as the clear-eyed girl, and Joe Lawry, as Peter, arc
pictured in a scene from "You Were Perfectly Fine," a skit by Dorothy
Parker to be presented in the "Follies Bourgeois," Friday night. Tickets
for the student-produced follies are on sale at the Associated Student
Office in the Old Union.

Jeanne Melton, as the clear-eyed girl, and Joe Lawry, as Peter, arc
pictured in a scene from "You Were Perfectly Fine," a skit by Dorothy
Parker to be presented in the "Follies Bourgeois," Friday night. Tickets
for the student-produced follies are on sale at the Associated Student
Office in the Old Union.

Jeanne Melton, as the clear-eyed girl, and Joe Lawry, as Peter, arc
pictured in a scene from "You Were Perfectly Fine," a skit by Dorothy
Parker to be presented in the "Follies Bourgeois," Friday night. Tickets
for the student-produced follies are on sale at the Associated Student
Office in the Old Union.

Jeanne Melton, as the clear-eyed girl, and Joe Lawry, as Peter, arc
pictured in a scene from "You Were Perfectly Fine," a skit by Dorothy
Parker to be presented in the "Follies Bourgeois," Friday night. Tickets
for the student-produced follies are on sale at the Associated Student
Office in the Old Union.

Jeanne Melton, as the clear-eyed girl, and Joe Lawry, as Peter, arc
pictured in a scene from "You Were Perfectly Fine," a skit by Dorothy
Parker to be presented in the "Follies Bourgeois," Friday night. Tickets
for the student-produced follies are on sale at the Associated Student
Office in the Old Union.

Jeanne Melton, as the clear-eyed girl, and Joe Lawry, as Peter, arc
pictured in a scene from "You Were Perfectly Fine," a skit by Dorothy
Parker to be presented in the "Follies Bourgeois," Friday night. Tickets
for the student-produced follies are on sale at the Associated Student
Office in the Old Union.

Jeanne Melton, as the clear-eyed girl, and Joe Lawry, as Peter, arc
pictured in a scene from "You Were Perfectly Fine," a skit by Dorothy
Parker to be presented in the "Follies Bourgeois," Friday night. Tickets
for the student-produced follies are on sale at the Associated Student
Office in the Old Union.

Jeanne Melton, as the clear-eyed girl, and Joe Lawry, as Peter, arc
pictured in a scene from "You Were Perfectly Fine," a skit by Dorothy
Parker to be presented in the "Follies Bourgeois," Friday night. Tickets
for the student-produced follies are on sale at the Associated Student
Office in the Old Union.
