# Daily To Disclose Plans Of Seniors in Survey
## 
### 
i In order to determine how many
! seniors will have jobs after grad-
I nation and how many will return to
' school next fall, The Daily, in col
laboration with the Southern Cali
fornia Daily Trojan and the U.C.L.A.
i Daily Bruin, is conducting a survey
of all seniors.
Any seniors who have not been
contacted may report this informa
tion to The Daily office before
Thursday night.
i In order to determine how many
! seniors will have jobs after grad-
I nation and how many will return to
' school next fall, The Daily, in col
laboration with the Southern Cali
fornia Daily Trojan and the U.C.L.A.
i Daily Bruin, is conducting a survey
of all seniors.
Any seniors who have not been
contacted may report this informa
tion to The Daily office before
Thursday night.
i In order to determine how many
! seniors will have jobs after grad-
I nation and how many will return to
' school next fall, The Daily, in col
laboration with the Southern Cali
fornia Daily Trojan and the U.C.L.A.
i Daily Bruin, is conducting a survey
of all seniors.
Any seniors who have not been
contacted may report this informa
tion to The Daily office before
Thursday night.
i In order to determine how many
! seniors will have jobs after grad-
I nation and how many will return to
' school next fall, The Daily, in col
laboration with the Southern Cali
fornia Daily Trojan and the U.C.L.A.
i Daily Bruin, is conducting a survey
of all seniors.
Any seniors who have not been
contacted may report this informa
tion to The Daily office before
Thursday night.
i In order to determine how many
! seniors will have jobs after grad-
I nation and how many will return to
' school next fall, The Daily, in col
laboration with the Southern Cali
fornia Daily Trojan and the U.C.L.A.
i Daily Bruin, is conducting a survey
of all seniors.
Any seniors who have not been
contacted may report this informa
tion to The Daily office before
Thursday night.
i In order to determine how many
! seniors will have jobs after grad-
I nation and how many will return to
' school next fall, The Daily, in col
laboration with the Southern Cali
fornia Daily Trojan and the U.C.L.A.
i Daily Bruin, is conducting a survey
of all seniors.
Any seniors who have not been
contacted may report this informa
tion to The Daily office before
Thursday night.
i In order to determine how many
! seniors will have jobs after grad-
I nation and how many will return to
' school next fall, The Daily, in col
laboration with the Southern Cali
fornia Daily Trojan and the U.C.L.A.
i Daily Bruin, is conducting a survey
of all seniors.
Any seniors who have not been
contacted may report this informa
tion to The Daily office before
Thursday night.
i In order to determine how many
! seniors will have jobs after grad-
I nation and how many will return to
' school next fall, The Daily, in col
laboration with the Southern Cali
fornia Daily Trojan and the U.C.L.A.
i Daily Bruin, is conducting a survey
of all seniors.
Any seniors who have not been
contacted may report this informa
tion to The Daily office before
Thursday night.
i In order to determine how many
! seniors will have jobs after grad-
I nation and how many will return to
' school next fall, The Daily, in col
laboration with the Southern Cali
fornia Daily Trojan and the U.C.L.A.
i Daily Bruin, is conducting a survey
of all seniors.
Any seniors who have not been
contacted may report this informa
tion to The Daily office before
Thursday night.
i In order to determine how many
! seniors will have jobs after grad-
I nation and how many will return to
' school next fall, The Daily, in col
laboration with the Southern Cali
fornia Daily Trojan and the U.C.L.A.
i Daily Bruin, is conducting a survey
of all seniors.
Any seniors who have not been
contacted may report this informa
tion to The Daily office before
Thursday night.
i In order to determine how many
! seniors will have jobs after grad-
I nation and how many will return to
' school next fall, The Daily, in col
laboration with the Southern Cali
fornia Daily Trojan and the U.C.L.A.
i Daily Bruin, is conducting a survey
of all seniors.
Any seniors who have not been
contacted may report this informa
tion to The Daily office before
Thursday night.
i In order to determine how many
! seniors will have jobs after grad-
I nation and how many will return to
' school next fall, The Daily, in col
laboration with the Southern Cali
fornia Daily Trojan and the U.C.L.A.
i Daily Bruin, is conducting a survey
of all seniors.
Any seniors who have not been
contacted may report this informa
tion to The Daily office before
Thursday night.
i In order to determine how many
! seniors will have jobs after grad-
I nation and how many will return to
' school next fall, The Daily, in col
laboration with the Southern Cali
fornia Daily Trojan and the U.C.L.A.
i Daily Bruin, is conducting a survey
of all seniors.
Any seniors who have not been
contacted may report this informa
tion to The Daily office before
Thursday night.
i In order to determine how many
! seniors will have jobs after grad-
I nation and how many will return to
' school next fall, The Daily, in col
laboration with the Southern Cali
fornia Daily Trojan and the U.C.L.A.
i Daily Bruin, is conducting a survey
of all seniors.
Any seniors who have not been
contacted may report this informa
tion to The Daily office before
Thursday night.
i In order to determine how many
! seniors will have jobs after grad-
I nation and how many will return to
' school next fall, The Daily, in col
laboration with the Southern Cali
fornia Daily Trojan and the U.C.L.A.
i Daily Bruin, is conducting a survey
of all seniors.
Any seniors who have not been
contacted may report this informa
tion to The Daily office before
Thursday night.
