# Bookstore Prices Rise as Result of European War
## 
### 
Recent effects of the war on prices
are to be noticed at the campus book
store. In some cases the price lias
been raised, in others, as paste, the
quantity lias been reduced, and a few
articles, of which Waterman's ink is
an example, have been taken off the
market.
Kohinoor drawing pencils, made in
Austria, have gone from ten to fifteen
cents. There is a noticeable decrease
in profits on all pencils with metal
tips, due to the fact that the manu
facturers of these tips are making
cartridges and are charging cartridge
prices for pencil trimmings. Lack of
graphite has also had some effect on
the price.
Colored goods are affected by the
closing of German dye markets, and
red ink is being mixed with less col
oring matter, and is sold at a higher
rate. Runs of paper cannot be de
pended upon, there is an increased
difficulty in matching dance programs,
and only four or five shades of pro
gram pencils are available. Yellow
copy paper has increased one and
three-fourths per cent in the last six
months.
