# SENIORS MEET TOMORROW
## 
### 
All Seniors meet in front of
chapel, room 100, at 10 o'clock to
morrow* for Founders' Day pro
cession.
W. F. NOONAN.
All Seniors meet in front of
chapel, room 100, at 10 o'clock to
morrow* for Founders' Day pro
cession.
W. F. NOONAN.
All Seniors meet in front of
chapel, room 100, at 10 o'clock to
morrow* for Founders' Day pro
cession.
W. F. NOONAN.
All Seniors meet in front of
chapel, room 100, at 10 o'clock to
morrow* for Founders' Day pro
cession.
W. F. NOONAN.
All Seniors meet in front of
chapel, room 100, at 10 o'clock to
morrow* for Founders' Day pro
cession.
W. F. NOONAN.
All Seniors meet in front of
chapel, room 100, at 10 o'clock to
morrow* for Founders' Day pro
cession.
W. F. NOONAN.
All Seniors meet in front of
chapel, room 100, at 10 o'clock to
morrow* for Founders' Day pro
cession.
W. F. NOONAN.
All Seniors meet in front of
chapel, room 100, at 10 o'clock to
morrow* for Founders' Day pro
cession.
W. F. NOONAN.
All Seniors meet in front of
chapel, room 100, at 10 o'clock to
morrow* for Founders' Day pro
cession.
W. F. NOONAN.
All Seniors meet in front of
chapel, room 100, at 10 o'clock to
morrow* for Founders' Day pro
cession.
W. F. NOONAN.
All Seniors meet in front of
chapel, room 100, at 10 o'clock to
morrow* for Founders' Day pro
cession.
W. F. NOONAN.
All Seniors meet in front of
chapel, room 100, at 10 o'clock to
morrow* for Founders' Day pro
cession.
W. F. NOONAN.
All Seniors meet in front of
chapel, room 100, at 10 o'clock to
morrow* for Founders' Day pro
cession.
W. F. NOONAN.
All Seniors meet in front of
chapel, room 100, at 10 o'clock to
morrow* for Founders' Day pro
cession.
W. F. NOONAN.
