# Adv. 6 Page 7
## 
### 
ONE THING
THAT NEVER
CHANGES
.Marvelous new medical dis
coveries have been made
. . . finer drug products
have been perfected . . .
Hut one thing has never
changed
Today—as for over vears
-the I'niversity I'harmacy
pledges the Stanford com
munity the most painstak
ing care in prescription
compounding and the most
reliable health products
obtainable.
•
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
Palo Alto 5194
134 University Ave.
ONE THING
THAT NEVER
CHANGES
.Marvelous new medical dis
coveries have been made
. . . finer drug products
have been perfected . . .
Hut one thing has never
changed
Today—as for over vears
-the I'niversity I'harmacy
pledges the Stanford com
munity the most painstak
ing care in prescription
compounding and the most
reliable health products
obtainable.
•
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
Palo Alto 5194
134 University Ave.
ONE THING
THAT NEVER
CHANGES
.Marvelous new medical dis
coveries have been made
. . . finer drug products
have been perfected . . .
Hut one thing has never
changed
Today—as for over vears
-the I'niversity I'harmacy
pledges the Stanford com
munity the most painstak
ing care in prescription
compounding and the most
reliable health products
obtainable.
•
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
Palo Alto 5194
134 University Ave.
ONE THING
THAT NEVER
CHANGES
.Marvelous new medical dis
coveries have been made
. . . finer drug products
have been perfected . . .
Hut one thing has never
changed
Today—as for over vears
-the I'niversity I'harmacy
pledges the Stanford com
munity the most painstak
ing care in prescription
compounding and the most
reliable health products
obtainable.
•
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
Palo Alto 5194
134 University Ave.
ONE THING
THAT NEVER
CHANGES
.Marvelous new medical dis
coveries have been made
. . . finer drug products
have been perfected . . .
Hut one thing has never
changed
Today—as for over vears
-the I'niversity I'harmacy
pledges the Stanford com
munity the most painstak
ing care in prescription
compounding and the most
reliable health products
obtainable.
•
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
Palo Alto 5194
134 University Ave.
ONE THING
THAT NEVER
CHANGES
.Marvelous new medical dis
coveries have been made
. . . finer drug products
have been perfected . . .
Hut one thing has never
changed
Today—as for over vears
-the I'niversity I'harmacy
pledges the Stanford com
munity the most painstak
ing care in prescription
compounding and the most
reliable health products
obtainable.
•
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
Palo Alto 5194
134 University Ave.
ONE THING
THAT NEVER
CHANGES
.Marvelous new medical dis
coveries have been made
. . . finer drug products
have been perfected . . .
Hut one thing has never
changed
Today—as for over vears
-the I'niversity I'harmacy
pledges the Stanford com
munity the most painstak
ing care in prescription
compounding and the most
reliable health products
obtainable.
•
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
Palo Alto 5194
134 University Ave.
ONE THING
THAT NEVER
CHANGES
.Marvelous new medical dis
coveries have been made
. . . finer drug products
have been perfected . . .
Hut one thing has never
changed
Today—as for over vears
-the I'niversity I'harmacy
pledges the Stanford com
munity the most painstak
ing care in prescription
compounding and the most
reliable health products
obtainable.
•
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
Palo Alto 5194
134 University Ave.
ONE THING
THAT NEVER
CHANGES
.Marvelous new medical dis
coveries have been made
. . . finer drug products
have been perfected . . .
Hut one thing has never
changed
Today—as for over vears
-the I'niversity I'harmacy
pledges the Stanford com
munity the most painstak
ing care in prescription
compounding and the most
reliable health products
obtainable.
•
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
Palo Alto 5194
134 University Ave.
ONE THING
THAT NEVER
CHANGES
.Marvelous new medical dis
coveries have been made
. . . finer drug products
have been perfected . . .
Hut one thing has never
changed
Today—as for over vears
-the I'niversity I'harmacy
pledges the Stanford com
munity the most painstak
ing care in prescription
compounding and the most
reliable health products
obtainable.
•
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
Palo Alto 5194
134 University Ave.
ONE THING
THAT NEVER
CHANGES
.Marvelous new medical dis
coveries have been made
. . . finer drug products
have been perfected . . .
Hut one thing has never
changed
Today—as for over vears
-the I'niversity I'harmacy
pledges the Stanford com
munity the most painstak
ing care in prescription
compounding and the most
reliable health products
obtainable.
•
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
Palo Alto 5194
134 University Ave.
ONE THING
THAT NEVER
CHANGES
.Marvelous new medical dis
coveries have been made
. . . finer drug products
have been perfected . . .
Hut one thing has never
changed
Today—as for over vears
-the I'niversity I'harmacy
pledges the Stanford com
munity the most painstak
ing care in prescription
compounding and the most
reliable health products
obtainable.
•
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
Palo Alto 5194
134 University Ave.
ONE THING
THAT NEVER
CHANGES
.Marvelous new medical dis
coveries have been made
. . . finer drug products
have been perfected . . .
Hut one thing has never
changed
Today—as for over vears
-the I'niversity I'harmacy
pledges the Stanford com
munity the most painstak
ing care in prescription
compounding and the most
reliable health products
obtainable.
•
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
Palo Alto 5194
134 University Ave.
ONE THING
THAT NEVER
CHANGES
.Marvelous new medical dis
coveries have been made
. . . finer drug products
have been perfected . . .
Hut one thing has never
changed
Today—as for over vears
-the I'niversity I'harmacy
pledges the Stanford com
munity the most painstak
ing care in prescription
compounding and the most
reliable health products
obtainable.
•
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
Palo Alto 5194
134 University Ave.
ONE THING
THAT NEVER
CHANGES
.Marvelous new medical dis
coveries have been made
. . . finer drug products
have been perfected . . .
Hut one thing has never
changed
Today—as for over vears
-the I'niversity I'harmacy
pledges the Stanford com
munity the most painstak
ing care in prescription
compounding and the most
reliable health products
obtainable.
•
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
Palo Alto 5194
134 University Ave.
ONE THING
THAT NEVER
CHANGES
.Marvelous new medical dis
coveries have been made
. . . finer drug products
have been perfected . . .
Hut one thing has never
changed
Today—as for over vears
-the I'niversity I'harmacy
pledges the Stanford com
munity the most painstak
ing care in prescription
compounding and the most
reliable health products
obtainable.
•
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
Palo Alto 5194
134 University Ave.
ONE THING
THAT NEVER
CHANGES
.Marvelous new medical dis
coveries have been made
. . . finer drug products
have been perfected . . .
Hut one thing has never
changed
Today—as for over vears
-the I'niversity I'harmacy
pledges the Stanford com
munity the most painstak
ing care in prescription
compounding and the most
reliable health products
obtainable.
•
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
Palo Alto 5194
134 University Ave.
ONE THING
THAT NEVER
CHANGES
.Marvelous new medical dis
coveries have been made
. . . finer drug products
have been perfected . . .
Hut one thing has never
changed
Today—as for over vears
-the I'niversity I'harmacy
pledges the Stanford com
munity the most painstak
ing care in prescription
compounding and the most
reliable health products
obtainable.
•
UNIVERSITY
PHARMACY
Palo Alto 5194
134 University Ave.
