# Adv. 44 Page 27
## 
### 
HOTEL
BENJAMIN
FRANKLIN
A Garden Home
Outdoor dining terrace
for luncheons and teas
Accommodations for
private parties. Let us
assist you in your
entertaining.
Phone 2800
Hotel
Benjamin
Franklin
San Mateo
HOTEL
BENJAMIN
FRANKLIN
A Garden Home
Outdoor dining terrace
for luncheons and teas
Accommodations for
private parties. Let us
assist you in your
entertaining.
Phone 2800
Hotel
Benjamin
Franklin
San Mateo
HOTEL
BENJAMIN
FRANKLIN
A Garden Home
Outdoor dining terrace
for luncheons and teas
Accommodations for
private parties. Let us
assist you in your
entertaining.
Phone 2800
Hotel
Benjamin
Franklin
San Mateo
HOTEL
BENJAMIN
FRANKLIN
A Garden Home
Outdoor dining terrace
for luncheons and teas
Accommodations for
private parties. Let us
assist you in your
entertaining.
Phone 2800
Hotel
Benjamin
Franklin
San Mateo
HOTEL
BENJAMIN
FRANKLIN
A Garden Home
Outdoor dining terrace
for luncheons and teas
Accommodations for
private parties. Let us
assist you in your
entertaining.
Phone 2800
Hotel
Benjamin
Franklin
San Mateo
HOTEL
BENJAMIN
FRANKLIN
A Garden Home
Outdoor dining terrace
for luncheons and teas
Accommodations for
private parties. Let us
assist you in your
entertaining.
Phone 2800
Hotel
Benjamin
Franklin
San Mateo
HOTEL
BENJAMIN
FRANKLIN
A Garden Home
Outdoor dining terrace
for luncheons and teas
Accommodations for
private parties. Let us
assist you in your
entertaining.
Phone 2800
Hotel
Benjamin
Franklin
San Mateo
HOTEL
BENJAMIN
FRANKLIN
A Garden Home
Outdoor dining terrace
for luncheons and teas
Accommodations for
private parties. Let us
assist you in your
entertaining.
Phone 2800
Hotel
Benjamin
Franklin
San Mateo
HOTEL
BENJAMIN
FRANKLIN
A Garden Home
Outdoor dining terrace
for luncheons and teas
Accommodations for
private parties. Let us
assist you in your
entertaining.
Phone 2800
Hotel
Benjamin
Franklin
San Mateo
HOTEL
BENJAMIN
FRANKLIN
A Garden Home
Outdoor dining terrace
for luncheons and teas
Accommodations for
private parties. Let us
assist you in your
entertaining.
Phone 2800
Hotel
Benjamin
Franklin
San Mateo
HOTEL
BENJAMIN
FRANKLIN
A Garden Home
Outdoor dining terrace
for luncheons and teas
Accommodations for
private parties. Let us
assist you in your
entertaining.
Phone 2800
Hotel
Benjamin
Franklin
San Mateo
HOTEL
BENJAMIN
FRANKLIN
A Garden Home
Outdoor dining terrace
for luncheons and teas
Accommodations for
private parties. Let us
assist you in your
entertaining.
Phone 2800
Hotel
Benjamin
Franklin
San Mateo
HOTEL
BENJAMIN
FRANKLIN
A Garden Home
Outdoor dining terrace
for luncheons and teas
Accommodations for
private parties. Let us
assist you in your
entertaining.
Phone 2800
Hotel
Benjamin
Franklin
San Mateo
HOTEL
BENJAMIN
FRANKLIN
A Garden Home
Outdoor dining terrace
for luncheons and teas
Accommodations for
private parties. Let us
assist you in your
entertaining.
Phone 2800
Hotel
Benjamin
Franklin
San Mateo
HOTEL
BENJAMIN
FRANKLIN
A Garden Home
Outdoor dining terrace
for luncheons and teas
Accommodations for
private parties. Let us
assist you in your
entertaining.
Phone 2800
Hotel
Benjamin
Franklin
San Mateo
HOTEL
BENJAMIN
FRANKLIN
A Garden Home
Outdoor dining terrace
for luncheons and teas
Accommodations for
private parties. Let us
assist you in your
entertaining.
Phone 2800
Hotel
Benjamin
Franklin
San Mateo
HOTEL
BENJAMIN
FRANKLIN
A Garden Home
Outdoor dining terrace
for luncheons and teas
Accommodations for
private parties. Let us
assist you in your
entertaining.
Phone 2800
Hotel
Benjamin
Franklin
San Mateo
HOTEL
BENJAMIN
FRANKLIN
A Garden Home
Outdoor dining terrace
for luncheons and teas
Accommodations for
private parties. Let us
assist you in your
entertaining.
Phone 2800
Hotel
Benjamin
Franklin
San Mateo
