# PAN-HELLENIC ANNOUNCES
## 
### 
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Dorothy Freitag, '43,
and Martha Bachelor, '43, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Dorothy Freitag, '43,
and Martha Bachelor, '43, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Dorothy Freitag, '43,
and Martha Bachelor, '43, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Dorothy Freitag, '43,
and Martha Bachelor, '43, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Dorothy Freitag, '43,
and Martha Bachelor, '43, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Dorothy Freitag, '43,
and Martha Bachelor, '43, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Dorothy Freitag, '43,
and Martha Bachelor, '43, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Dorothy Freitag, '43,
and Martha Bachelor, '43, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Dorothy Freitag, '43,
and Martha Bachelor, '43, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Dorothy Freitag, '43,
and Martha Bachelor, '43, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Dorothy Freitag, '43,
and Martha Bachelor, '43, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Dorothy Freitag, '43,
and Martha Bachelor, '43, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Dorothy Freitag, '43,
and Martha Bachelor, '43, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Dorothy Freitag, '43,
and Martha Bachelor, '43, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Dorothy Freitag, '43,
and Martha Bachelor, '43, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Dorothy Freitag, '43,
and Martha Bachelor, '43, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Dorothy Freitag, '43,
and Martha Bachelor, '43, to Delta
Delta Delta.
Pan - Hellenic announces the
pledging of Dorothy Freitag, '43,
and Martha Bachelor, '43, to Delta
Delta Delta.
