# The 						Intercollegiate Debate.
## 
### 
The challenge to an intercollegi
ate debate sent by Alpha, Euphro
nia, and Congress to the literary so
cieties of the University of Cali
fornia was received last night at
Berkeley and accepted. The Con
gress, Eushnell Union, and Hastings
College of Law Debating Society of
the U. C. will meet Wednesday even
ing to elect speakers for the contest.
The challenge to an intercollegi
ate debate sent by Alpha, Euphro
nia, and Congress to the literary so
cieties of the University of Cali
fornia was received last night at
Berkeley and accepted. The Con
gress, Eushnell Union, and Hastings
College of Law Debating Society of
the U. C. will meet Wednesday even
ing to elect speakers for the contest.
