# National Group Honors Stanford Professors
## 
### 
Five Stanford professors of the
English Department — Richard F.
Jones, George Sensabaugh, Herbert
Meritt., Francis Johnson, and Wil
liam Irvine—have been elected to
positions in the Modern Language
Association.
According to James Work, new
publicity head for the department,
Stanford is heavily represented in
comparison to other universities.
Five Stanford professors of the
English Department — Richard F.
Jones, George Sensabaugh, Herbert
Meritt., Francis Johnson, and Wil
liam Irvine—have been elected to
positions in the Modern Language
Association.
According to James Work, new
publicity head for the department,
Stanford is heavily represented in
comparison to other universities.
Five Stanford professors of the
English Department — Richard F.
Jones, George Sensabaugh, Herbert
Meritt., Francis Johnson, and Wil
liam Irvine—have been elected to
positions in the Modern Language
Association.
According to James Work, new
publicity head for the department,
Stanford is heavily represented in
comparison to other universities.
Five Stanford professors of the
English Department — Richard F.
Jones, George Sensabaugh, Herbert
Meritt., Francis Johnson, and Wil
liam Irvine—have been elected to
positions in the Modern Language
Association.
According to James Work, new
publicity head for the department,
Stanford is heavily represented in
comparison to other universities.
Five Stanford professors of the
English Department — Richard F.
Jones, George Sensabaugh, Herbert
Meritt., Francis Johnson, and Wil
liam Irvine—have been elected to
positions in the Modern Language
Association.
According to James Work, new
publicity head for the department,
Stanford is heavily represented in
comparison to other universities.
Five Stanford professors of the
English Department — Richard F.
Jones, George Sensabaugh, Herbert
Meritt., Francis Johnson, and Wil
liam Irvine—have been elected to
positions in the Modern Language
Association.
According to James Work, new
publicity head for the department,
Stanford is heavily represented in
comparison to other universities.
Five Stanford professors of the
English Department — Richard F.
Jones, George Sensabaugh, Herbert
Meritt., Francis Johnson, and Wil
liam Irvine—have been elected to
positions in the Modern Language
Association.
According to James Work, new
publicity head for the department,
Stanford is heavily represented in
comparison to other universities.
Five Stanford professors of the
English Department — Richard F.
Jones, George Sensabaugh, Herbert
Meritt., Francis Johnson, and Wil
liam Irvine—have been elected to
positions in the Modern Language
Association.
According to James Work, new
publicity head for the department,
Stanford is heavily represented in
comparison to other universities.
Five Stanford professors of the
English Department — Richard F.
Jones, George Sensabaugh, Herbert
Meritt., Francis Johnson, and Wil
liam Irvine—have been elected to
positions in the Modern Language
Association.
According to James Work, new
publicity head for the department,
Stanford is heavily represented in
comparison to other universities.
Five Stanford professors of the
English Department — Richard F.
Jones, George Sensabaugh, Herbert
Meritt., Francis Johnson, and Wil
liam Irvine—have been elected to
positions in the Modern Language
Association.
According to James Work, new
publicity head for the department,
Stanford is heavily represented in
comparison to other universities.
Five Stanford professors of the
English Department — Richard F.
Jones, George Sensabaugh, Herbert
Meritt., Francis Johnson, and Wil
liam Irvine—have been elected to
positions in the Modern Language
Association.
According to James Work, new
publicity head for the department,
Stanford is heavily represented in
comparison to other universities.
Five Stanford professors of the
English Department — Richard F.
Jones, George Sensabaugh, Herbert
Meritt., Francis Johnson, and Wil
liam Irvine—have been elected to
positions in the Modern Language
Association.
According to James Work, new
publicity head for the department,
Stanford is heavily represented in
comparison to other universities.
Five Stanford professors of the
English Department — Richard F.
Jones, George Sensabaugh, Herbert
Meritt., Francis Johnson, and Wil
liam Irvine—have been elected to
positions in the Modern Language
Association.
According to James Work, new
publicity head for the department,
Stanford is heavily represented in
comparison to other universities.
Five Stanford professors of the
English Department — Richard F.
Jones, George Sensabaugh, Herbert
Meritt., Francis Johnson, and Wil
liam Irvine—have been elected to
positions in the Modern Language
Association.
According to James Work, new
publicity head for the department,
Stanford is heavily represented in
comparison to other universities.
Five Stanford professors of the
English Department — Richard F.
Jones, George Sensabaugh, Herbert
Meritt., Francis Johnson, and Wil
liam Irvine—have been elected to
positions in the Modern Language
Association.
According to James Work, new
publicity head for the department,
Stanford is heavily represented in
comparison to other universities.
