# 'Topper' Tops Sunday's Bill
## 
### 
"Topper," considered one of the
finest examples of movie trick pho
tography ever produced, will be the
feature of the second program in the
Campus Movie Series this Sunday
at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Starring in the film will be Cary
Grant, Constance Bennett, Roland
Young, and Billie Burke. The story
concerns the invisible ''Crazy Kir
bys." who became spiritualized be
fore their time.
In answer to many student re
quests, a weekly serial will again be
shown each week preceding the fea
ture film. Sunday night the first
chapter of "The Phantom Empire,"
starring Gene Autry, will be shown.
It features the exciting adventures
that take place in a lost underground
nation 500 years ahead of earthly
science.
Price for the show is 20 cents, and
all campus is invited to attend, stated
Jiggs McCaulley, campus movie stu
dent head.
"Topper," considered one of the
finest examples of movie trick pho
tography ever produced, will be the
feature of the second program in the
Campus Movie Series this Sunday
at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Starring in the film will be Cary
Grant, Constance Bennett, Roland
Young, and Billie Burke. The story
concerns the invisible ''Crazy Kir
bys." who became spiritualized be
fore their time.
In answer to many student re
quests, a weekly serial will again be
shown each week preceding the fea
ture film. Sunday night the first
chapter of "The Phantom Empire,"
starring Gene Autry, will be shown.
It features the exciting adventures
that take place in a lost underground
nation 500 years ahead of earthly
science.
Price for the show is 20 cents, and
all campus is invited to attend, stated
Jiggs McCaulley, campus movie stu
dent head.
"Topper," considered one of the
finest examples of movie trick pho
tography ever produced, will be the
feature of the second program in the
Campus Movie Series this Sunday
at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Starring in the film will be Cary
Grant, Constance Bennett, Roland
Young, and Billie Burke. The story
concerns the invisible ''Crazy Kir
bys." who became spiritualized be
fore their time.
In answer to many student re
quests, a weekly serial will again be
shown each week preceding the fea
ture film. Sunday night the first
chapter of "The Phantom Empire,"
starring Gene Autry, will be shown.
It features the exciting adventures
that take place in a lost underground
nation 500 years ahead of earthly
science.
Price for the show is 20 cents, and
all campus is invited to attend, stated
Jiggs McCaulley, campus movie stu
dent head.
"Topper," considered one of the
finest examples of movie trick pho
tography ever produced, will be the
feature of the second program in the
Campus Movie Series this Sunday
at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Starring in the film will be Cary
Grant, Constance Bennett, Roland
Young, and Billie Burke. The story
concerns the invisible ''Crazy Kir
bys." who became spiritualized be
fore their time.
In answer to many student re
quests, a weekly serial will again be
shown each week preceding the fea
ture film. Sunday night the first
chapter of "The Phantom Empire,"
starring Gene Autry, will be shown.
It features the exciting adventures
that take place in a lost underground
nation 500 years ahead of earthly
science.
Price for the show is 20 cents, and
all campus is invited to attend, stated
Jiggs McCaulley, campus movie stu
dent head.
"Topper," considered one of the
finest examples of movie trick pho
tography ever produced, will be the
feature of the second program in the
Campus Movie Series this Sunday
at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Starring in the film will be Cary
Grant, Constance Bennett, Roland
Young, and Billie Burke. The story
concerns the invisible ''Crazy Kir
bys." who became spiritualized be
fore their time.
In answer to many student re
quests, a weekly serial will again be
shown each week preceding the fea
ture film. Sunday night the first
chapter of "The Phantom Empire,"
starring Gene Autry, will be shown.
It features the exciting adventures
that take place in a lost underground
nation 500 years ahead of earthly
science.
Price for the show is 20 cents, and
all campus is invited to attend, stated
Jiggs McCaulley, campus movie stu
dent head.
"Topper," considered one of the
finest examples of movie trick pho
tography ever produced, will be the
feature of the second program in the
Campus Movie Series this Sunday
at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Starring in the film will be Cary
Grant, Constance Bennett, Roland
Young, and Billie Burke. The story
concerns the invisible ''Crazy Kir
bys." who became spiritualized be
fore their time.
In answer to many student re
quests, a weekly serial will again be
shown each week preceding the fea
ture film. Sunday night the first
chapter of "The Phantom Empire,"
starring Gene Autry, will be shown.
It features the exciting adventures
that take place in a lost underground
nation 500 years ahead of earthly
science.
Price for the show is 20 cents, and
all campus is invited to attend, stated
Jiggs McCaulley, campus movie stu
dent head.
"Topper," considered one of the
finest examples of movie trick pho
tography ever produced, will be the
feature of the second program in the
Campus Movie Series this Sunday
at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Starring in the film will be Cary
Grant, Constance Bennett, Roland
Young, and Billie Burke. The story
concerns the invisible ''Crazy Kir
bys." who became spiritualized be
fore their time.
In answer to many student re
quests, a weekly serial will again be
shown each week preceding the fea
ture film. Sunday night the first
chapter of "The Phantom Empire,"
starring Gene Autry, will be shown.
It features the exciting adventures
that take place in a lost underground
nation 500 years ahead of earthly
science.
Price for the show is 20 cents, and
all campus is invited to attend, stated
Jiggs McCaulley, campus movie stu
dent head.
"Topper," considered one of the
finest examples of movie trick pho
tography ever produced, will be the
feature of the second program in the
Campus Movie Series this Sunday
at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Starring in the film will be Cary
Grant, Constance Bennett, Roland
Young, and Billie Burke. The story
concerns the invisible ''Crazy Kir
bys." who became spiritualized be
fore their time.
In answer to many student re
quests, a weekly serial will again be
shown each week preceding the fea
ture film. Sunday night the first
chapter of "The Phantom Empire,"
starring Gene Autry, will be shown.
It features the exciting adventures
that take place in a lost underground
nation 500 years ahead of earthly
science.
Price for the show is 20 cents, and
all campus is invited to attend, stated
Jiggs McCaulley, campus movie stu
dent head.
"Topper," considered one of the
finest examples of movie trick pho
tography ever produced, will be the
feature of the second program in the
Campus Movie Series this Sunday
at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Starring in the film will be Cary
Grant, Constance Bennett, Roland
Young, and Billie Burke. The story
concerns the invisible ''Crazy Kir
bys." who became spiritualized be
fore their time.
In answer to many student re
quests, a weekly serial will again be
shown each week preceding the fea
ture film. Sunday night the first
chapter of "The Phantom Empire,"
starring Gene Autry, will be shown.
It features the exciting adventures
that take place in a lost underground
nation 500 years ahead of earthly
science.
Price for the show is 20 cents, and
all campus is invited to attend, stated
Jiggs McCaulley, campus movie stu
dent head.
"Topper," considered one of the
finest examples of movie trick pho
tography ever produced, will be the
feature of the second program in the
Campus Movie Series this Sunday
at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Starring in the film will be Cary
Grant, Constance Bennett, Roland
Young, and Billie Burke. The story
concerns the invisible ''Crazy Kir
bys." who became spiritualized be
fore their time.
In answer to many student re
quests, a weekly serial will again be
shown each week preceding the fea
ture film. Sunday night the first
chapter of "The Phantom Empire,"
starring Gene Autry, will be shown.
It features the exciting adventures
that take place in a lost underground
nation 500 years ahead of earthly
science.
Price for the show is 20 cents, and
all campus is invited to attend, stated
Jiggs McCaulley, campus movie stu
dent head.
"Topper," considered one of the
finest examples of movie trick pho
tography ever produced, will be the
feature of the second program in the
Campus Movie Series this Sunday
at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Starring in the film will be Cary
Grant, Constance Bennett, Roland
Young, and Billie Burke. The story
concerns the invisible ''Crazy Kir
bys." who became spiritualized be
fore their time.
In answer to many student re
quests, a weekly serial will again be
shown each week preceding the fea
ture film. Sunday night the first
chapter of "The Phantom Empire,"
starring Gene Autry, will be shown.
It features the exciting adventures
that take place in a lost underground
nation 500 years ahead of earthly
science.
Price for the show is 20 cents, and
all campus is invited to attend, stated
Jiggs McCaulley, campus movie stu
dent head.
"Topper," considered one of the
finest examples of movie trick pho
tography ever produced, will be the
feature of the second program in the
Campus Movie Series this Sunday
at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Starring in the film will be Cary
Grant, Constance Bennett, Roland
Young, and Billie Burke. The story
concerns the invisible ''Crazy Kir
bys." who became spiritualized be
fore their time.
In answer to many student re
quests, a weekly serial will again be
shown each week preceding the fea
ture film. Sunday night the first
chapter of "The Phantom Empire,"
starring Gene Autry, will be shown.
It features the exciting adventures
that take place in a lost underground
nation 500 years ahead of earthly
science.
Price for the show is 20 cents, and
all campus is invited to attend, stated
Jiggs McCaulley, campus movie stu
dent head.
"Topper," considered one of the
finest examples of movie trick pho
tography ever produced, will be the
feature of the second program in the
Campus Movie Series this Sunday
at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Starring in the film will be Cary
Grant, Constance Bennett, Roland
Young, and Billie Burke. The story
concerns the invisible ''Crazy Kir
bys." who became spiritualized be
fore their time.
In answer to many student re
quests, a weekly serial will again be
shown each week preceding the fea
ture film. Sunday night the first
chapter of "The Phantom Empire,"
starring Gene Autry, will be shown.
It features the exciting adventures
that take place in a lost underground
nation 500 years ahead of earthly
science.
Price for the show is 20 cents, and
all campus is invited to attend, stated
Jiggs McCaulley, campus movie stu
dent head.
"Topper," considered one of the
finest examples of movie trick pho
tography ever produced, will be the
feature of the second program in the
Campus Movie Series this Sunday
at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Starring in the film will be Cary
Grant, Constance Bennett, Roland
Young, and Billie Burke. The story
concerns the invisible ''Crazy Kir
bys." who became spiritualized be
fore their time.
In answer to many student re
quests, a weekly serial will again be
shown each week preceding the fea
ture film. Sunday night the first
chapter of "The Phantom Empire,"
starring Gene Autry, will be shown.
It features the exciting adventures
that take place in a lost underground
nation 500 years ahead of earthly
science.
Price for the show is 20 cents, and
all campus is invited to attend, stated
Jiggs McCaulley, campus movie stu
dent head.
"Topper," considered one of the
finest examples of movie trick pho
tography ever produced, will be the
feature of the second program in the
Campus Movie Series this Sunday
at 7:30 p.m. in the Memorial Audi
torium.
Starring in the film will be Cary
Grant, Constance Bennett, Roland
Young, and Billie Burke. The story
concerns the invisible ''Crazy Kir
bys." who became spiritualized be
fore their time.
In answer to many student re
quests, a weekly serial will again be
shown each week preceding the fea
ture film. Sunday night the first
chapter of "The Phantom Empire,"
starring Gene Autry, will be shown.
It features the exciting adventures
that take place in a lost underground
nation 500 years ahead of earthly
science.
Price for the show is 20 cents, and
all campus is invited to attend, stated
Jiggs McCaulley, campus movie stu
dent head.
