# Vet Brings Suit For Injuries
## 
### 
J
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 16 (UP).
—A test case which would open the
way for damage suits against the
government by more than a million
disabled World War II veterans was
on its way to the U.S. Supreme
Court tonight.
The action was taken in federal
court by 40-year-old Edward C.
Commers, a Helena, Mont., Purple
Heart veteran who served through
out the New Guinea and Philippines
campaign with the Sixth Infantry
Division.
The suit seeks to compel the gov
ernment to grant jury trials to dis
abled war veterans seeking "just
compensation" for battle injuries,
loss Of earning power and the "use
of their bodies" while they were in
service.
J
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 16 (UP).
—A test case which would open the
way for damage suits against the
government by more than a million
disabled World War II veterans was
on its way to the U.S. Supreme
Court tonight.
The action was taken in federal
court by 40-year-old Edward C.
Commers, a Helena, Mont., Purple
Heart veteran who served through
out the New Guinea and Philippines
campaign with the Sixth Infantry
Division.
The suit seeks to compel the gov
ernment to grant jury trials to dis
abled war veterans seeking "just
compensation" for battle injuries,
loss Of earning power and the "use
of their bodies" while they were in
service.
J
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 16 (UP).
—A test case which would open the
way for damage suits against the
government by more than a million
disabled World War II veterans was
on its way to the U.S. Supreme
Court tonight.
The action was taken in federal
court by 40-year-old Edward C.
Commers, a Helena, Mont., Purple
Heart veteran who served through
out the New Guinea and Philippines
campaign with the Sixth Infantry
Division.
The suit seeks to compel the gov
ernment to grant jury trials to dis
abled war veterans seeking "just
compensation" for battle injuries,
loss Of earning power and the "use
of their bodies" while they were in
service.
J
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 16 (UP).
—A test case which would open the
way for damage suits against the
government by more than a million
disabled World War II veterans was
on its way to the U.S. Supreme
Court tonight.
The action was taken in federal
court by 40-year-old Edward C.
Commers, a Helena, Mont., Purple
Heart veteran who served through
out the New Guinea and Philippines
campaign with the Sixth Infantry
Division.
The suit seeks to compel the gov
ernment to grant jury trials to dis
abled war veterans seeking "just
compensation" for battle injuries,
loss Of earning power and the "use
of their bodies" while they were in
service.
J
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 16 (UP).
—A test case which would open the
way for damage suits against the
government by more than a million
disabled World War II veterans was
on its way to the U.S. Supreme
Court tonight.
The action was taken in federal
court by 40-year-old Edward C.
Commers, a Helena, Mont., Purple
Heart veteran who served through
out the New Guinea and Philippines
campaign with the Sixth Infantry
Division.
The suit seeks to compel the gov
ernment to grant jury trials to dis
abled war veterans seeking "just
compensation" for battle injuries,
loss Of earning power and the "use
of their bodies" while they were in
service.
J
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 16 (UP).
—A test case which would open the
way for damage suits against the
government by more than a million
disabled World War II veterans was
on its way to the U.S. Supreme
Court tonight.
The action was taken in federal
court by 40-year-old Edward C.
Commers, a Helena, Mont., Purple
Heart veteran who served through
out the New Guinea and Philippines
campaign with the Sixth Infantry
Division.
The suit seeks to compel the gov
ernment to grant jury trials to dis
abled war veterans seeking "just
compensation" for battle injuries,
loss Of earning power and the "use
of their bodies" while they were in
service.
J
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 16 (UP).
—A test case which would open the
way for damage suits against the
government by more than a million
disabled World War II veterans was
on its way to the U.S. Supreme
Court tonight.
The action was taken in federal
court by 40-year-old Edward C.
Commers, a Helena, Mont., Purple
Heart veteran who served through
out the New Guinea and Philippines
campaign with the Sixth Infantry
Division.
The suit seeks to compel the gov
ernment to grant jury trials to dis
abled war veterans seeking "just
compensation" for battle injuries,
loss Of earning power and the "use
of their bodies" while they were in
service.
J
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 16 (UP).
—A test case which would open the
way for damage suits against the
government by more than a million
disabled World War II veterans was
on its way to the U.S. Supreme
Court tonight.
The action was taken in federal
court by 40-year-old Edward C.
Commers, a Helena, Mont., Purple
Heart veteran who served through
out the New Guinea and Philippines
campaign with the Sixth Infantry
Division.
The suit seeks to compel the gov
ernment to grant jury trials to dis
abled war veterans seeking "just
compensation" for battle injuries,
loss Of earning power and the "use
of their bodies" while they were in
service.
J
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 16 (UP).
—A test case which would open the
way for damage suits against the
government by more than a million
disabled World War II veterans was
on its way to the U.S. Supreme
Court tonight.
The action was taken in federal
court by 40-year-old Edward C.
Commers, a Helena, Mont., Purple
Heart veteran who served through
out the New Guinea and Philippines
campaign with the Sixth Infantry
Division.
The suit seeks to compel the gov
ernment to grant jury trials to dis
abled war veterans seeking "just
compensation" for battle injuries,
loss Of earning power and the "use
of their bodies" while they were in
service.
J
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 16 (UP).
—A test case which would open the
way for damage suits against the
government by more than a million
disabled World War II veterans was
on its way to the U.S. Supreme
Court tonight.
The action was taken in federal
court by 40-year-old Edward C.
Commers, a Helena, Mont., Purple
Heart veteran who served through
out the New Guinea and Philippines
campaign with the Sixth Infantry
Division.
The suit seeks to compel the gov
ernment to grant jury trials to dis
abled war veterans seeking "just
compensation" for battle injuries,
loss Of earning power and the "use
of their bodies" while they were in
service.
J
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 16 (UP).
—A test case which would open the
way for damage suits against the
government by more than a million
disabled World War II veterans was
on its way to the U.S. Supreme
Court tonight.
The action was taken in federal
court by 40-year-old Edward C.
Commers, a Helena, Mont., Purple
Heart veteran who served through
out the New Guinea and Philippines
campaign with the Sixth Infantry
Division.
The suit seeks to compel the gov
ernment to grant jury trials to dis
abled war veterans seeking "just
compensation" for battle injuries,
loss Of earning power and the "use
of their bodies" while they were in
service.
J
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 16 (UP).
—A test case which would open the
way for damage suits against the
government by more than a million
disabled World War II veterans was
on its way to the U.S. Supreme
Court tonight.
The action was taken in federal
court by 40-year-old Edward C.
Commers, a Helena, Mont., Purple
Heart veteran who served through
out the New Guinea and Philippines
campaign with the Sixth Infantry
Division.
The suit seeks to compel the gov
ernment to grant jury trials to dis
abled war veterans seeking "just
compensation" for battle injuries,
loss Of earning power and the "use
of their bodies" while they were in
service.
J
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 16 (UP).
—A test case which would open the
way for damage suits against the
government by more than a million
disabled World War II veterans was
on its way to the U.S. Supreme
Court tonight.
The action was taken in federal
court by 40-year-old Edward C.
Commers, a Helena, Mont., Purple
Heart veteran who served through
out the New Guinea and Philippines
campaign with the Sixth Infantry
Division.
The suit seeks to compel the gov
ernment to grant jury trials to dis
abled war veterans seeking "just
compensation" for battle injuries,
loss Of earning power and the "use
of their bodies" while they were in
service.
J
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 16 (UP).
—A test case which would open the
way for damage suits against the
government by more than a million
disabled World War II veterans was
on its way to the U.S. Supreme
Court tonight.
The action was taken in federal
court by 40-year-old Edward C.
Commers, a Helena, Mont., Purple
Heart veteran who served through
out the New Guinea and Philippines
campaign with the Sixth Infantry
Division.
The suit seeks to compel the gov
ernment to grant jury trials to dis
abled war veterans seeking "just
compensation" for battle injuries,
loss Of earning power and the "use
of their bodies" while they were in
service.
J
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 16 (UP).
—A test case which would open the
way for damage suits against the
government by more than a million
disabled World War II veterans was
on its way to the U.S. Supreme
Court tonight.
The action was taken in federal
court by 40-year-old Edward C.
Commers, a Helena, Mont., Purple
Heart veteran who served through
out the New Guinea and Philippines
campaign with the Sixth Infantry
Division.
The suit seeks to compel the gov
ernment to grant jury trials to dis
abled war veterans seeking "just
compensation" for battle injuries,
loss Of earning power and the "use
of their bodies" while they were in
service.
