# Gaieties Topic: Mrs. Stanford
## 
### 
"It Jane," the return of Mrs.
Leland Stanford, will be the sa
tirical subject of the 1964 Big
Game Gaieties.
An entering transfer student,
Jane Stanford, judges campus in- '
stitutions by nineteelh century i
standards in the musical comedy :
to be presented Nov. 17-20.
A cast of 50 has been selected,
according to Director Phil Ellis,
i Leads include Polly Adams, Sue
Baker, Alan Mokler, Steve Wall.
Sid Weiss and Bill Williams.
Ellis, who co-authored the show
with Rob Dvvan, estimates that j
over 100 students are involved in
staff, production crews and cast.
Freshman Gary Levinson's origin
al music has lyrics by Steve
Lawry. Producer is Ed Blair.
"It Jane," the return of Mrs.
Leland Stanford, will be the sa
tirical subject of the 1964 Big
Game Gaieties.
An entering transfer student,
Jane Stanford, judges campus in- '
stitutions by nineteelh century i
standards in the musical comedy :
to be presented Nov. 17-20.
A cast of 50 has been selected,
according to Director Phil Ellis,
i Leads include Polly Adams, Sue
Baker, Alan Mokler, Steve Wall.
Sid Weiss and Bill Williams.
Ellis, who co-authored the show
with Rob Dvvan, estimates that j
over 100 students are involved in
staff, production crews and cast.
Freshman Gary Levinson's origin
al music has lyrics by Steve
Lawry. Producer is Ed Blair.
"It Jane," the return of Mrs.
Leland Stanford, will be the sa
tirical subject of the 1964 Big
Game Gaieties.
An entering transfer student,
Jane Stanford, judges campus in- '
stitutions by nineteelh century i
standards in the musical comedy :
to be presented Nov. 17-20.
A cast of 50 has been selected,
according to Director Phil Ellis,
i Leads include Polly Adams, Sue
Baker, Alan Mokler, Steve Wall.
Sid Weiss and Bill Williams.
Ellis, who co-authored the show
with Rob Dvvan, estimates that j
over 100 students are involved in
staff, production crews and cast.
Freshman Gary Levinson's origin
al music has lyrics by Steve
Lawry. Producer is Ed Blair.
"It Jane," the return of Mrs.
Leland Stanford, will be the sa
tirical subject of the 1964 Big
Game Gaieties.
An entering transfer student,
Jane Stanford, judges campus in- '
stitutions by nineteelh century i
standards in the musical comedy :
to be presented Nov. 17-20.
A cast of 50 has been selected,
according to Director Phil Ellis,
i Leads include Polly Adams, Sue
Baker, Alan Mokler, Steve Wall.
Sid Weiss and Bill Williams.
Ellis, who co-authored the show
with Rob Dvvan, estimates that j
over 100 students are involved in
staff, production crews and cast.
Freshman Gary Levinson's origin
al music has lyrics by Steve
Lawry. Producer is Ed Blair.
"It Jane," the return of Mrs.
Leland Stanford, will be the sa
tirical subject of the 1964 Big
Game Gaieties.
An entering transfer student,
Jane Stanford, judges campus in- '
stitutions by nineteelh century i
standards in the musical comedy :
to be presented Nov. 17-20.
A cast of 50 has been selected,
according to Director Phil Ellis,
i Leads include Polly Adams, Sue
Baker, Alan Mokler, Steve Wall.
Sid Weiss and Bill Williams.
Ellis, who co-authored the show
with Rob Dvvan, estimates that j
over 100 students are involved in
staff, production crews and cast.
Freshman Gary Levinson's origin
al music has lyrics by Steve
Lawry. Producer is Ed Blair.
"It Jane," the return of Mrs.
Leland Stanford, will be the sa
tirical subject of the 1964 Big
Game Gaieties.
An entering transfer student,
Jane Stanford, judges campus in- '
stitutions by nineteelh century i
standards in the musical comedy :
to be presented Nov. 17-20.
A cast of 50 has been selected,
according to Director Phil Ellis,
i Leads include Polly Adams, Sue
Baker, Alan Mokler, Steve Wall.
Sid Weiss and Bill Williams.
Ellis, who co-authored the show
with Rob Dvvan, estimates that j
over 100 students are involved in
staff, production crews and cast.
Freshman Gary Levinson's origin
al music has lyrics by Steve
Lawry. Producer is Ed Blair.
"It Jane," the return of Mrs.
Leland Stanford, will be the sa
tirical subject of the 1964 Big
Game Gaieties.
An entering transfer student,
Jane Stanford, judges campus in- '
stitutions by nineteelh century i
standards in the musical comedy :
to be presented Nov. 17-20.
A cast of 50 has been selected,
according to Director Phil Ellis,
i Leads include Polly Adams, Sue
Baker, Alan Mokler, Steve Wall.
Sid Weiss and Bill Williams.
Ellis, who co-authored the show
with Rob Dvvan, estimates that j
over 100 students are involved in
staff, production crews and cast.
Freshman Gary Levinson's origin
al music has lyrics by Steve
Lawry. Producer is Ed Blair.
"It Jane," the return of Mrs.
Leland Stanford, will be the sa
tirical subject of the 1964 Big
Game Gaieties.
An entering transfer student,
Jane Stanford, judges campus in- '
stitutions by nineteelh century i
standards in the musical comedy :
to be presented Nov. 17-20.
A cast of 50 has been selected,
according to Director Phil Ellis,
i Leads include Polly Adams, Sue
Baker, Alan Mokler, Steve Wall.
Sid Weiss and Bill Williams.
Ellis, who co-authored the show
with Rob Dvvan, estimates that j
over 100 students are involved in
staff, production crews and cast.
Freshman Gary Levinson's origin
al music has lyrics by Steve
Lawry. Producer is Ed Blair.
"It Jane," the return of Mrs.
Leland Stanford, will be the sa
tirical subject of the 1964 Big
Game Gaieties.
An entering transfer student,
Jane Stanford, judges campus in- '
stitutions by nineteelh century i
standards in the musical comedy :
to be presented Nov. 17-20.
A cast of 50 has been selected,
according to Director Phil Ellis,
i Leads include Polly Adams, Sue
Baker, Alan Mokler, Steve Wall.
Sid Weiss and Bill Williams.
Ellis, who co-authored the show
with Rob Dvvan, estimates that j
over 100 students are involved in
staff, production crews and cast.
Freshman Gary Levinson's origin
al music has lyrics by Steve
Lawry. Producer is Ed Blair.
"It Jane," the return of Mrs.
Leland Stanford, will be the sa
tirical subject of the 1964 Big
Game Gaieties.
An entering transfer student,
Jane Stanford, judges campus in- '
stitutions by nineteelh century i
standards in the musical comedy :
to be presented Nov. 17-20.
A cast of 50 has been selected,
according to Director Phil Ellis,
i Leads include Polly Adams, Sue
Baker, Alan Mokler, Steve Wall.
Sid Weiss and Bill Williams.
Ellis, who co-authored the show
with Rob Dvvan, estimates that j
over 100 students are involved in
staff, production crews and cast.
Freshman Gary Levinson's origin
al music has lyrics by Steve
Lawry. Producer is Ed Blair.
"It Jane," the return of Mrs.
Leland Stanford, will be the sa
tirical subject of the 1964 Big
Game Gaieties.
An entering transfer student,
Jane Stanford, judges campus in- '
stitutions by nineteelh century i
standards in the musical comedy :
to be presented Nov. 17-20.
A cast of 50 has been selected,
according to Director Phil Ellis,
i Leads include Polly Adams, Sue
Baker, Alan Mokler, Steve Wall.
Sid Weiss and Bill Williams.
Ellis, who co-authored the show
with Rob Dvvan, estimates that j
over 100 students are involved in
staff, production crews and cast.
Freshman Gary Levinson's origin
al music has lyrics by Steve
Lawry. Producer is Ed Blair.
"It Jane," the return of Mrs.
Leland Stanford, will be the sa
tirical subject of the 1964 Big
Game Gaieties.
An entering transfer student,
Jane Stanford, judges campus in- '
stitutions by nineteelh century i
standards in the musical comedy :
to be presented Nov. 17-20.
A cast of 50 has been selected,
according to Director Phil Ellis,
i Leads include Polly Adams, Sue
Baker, Alan Mokler, Steve Wall.
Sid Weiss and Bill Williams.
Ellis, who co-authored the show
with Rob Dvvan, estimates that j
over 100 students are involved in
staff, production crews and cast.
Freshman Gary Levinson's origin
al music has lyrics by Steve
Lawry. Producer is Ed Blair.
"It Jane," the return of Mrs.
Leland Stanford, will be the sa
tirical subject of the 1964 Big
Game Gaieties.
An entering transfer student,
Jane Stanford, judges campus in- '
stitutions by nineteelh century i
standards in the musical comedy :
to be presented Nov. 17-20.
A cast of 50 has been selected,
according to Director Phil Ellis,
i Leads include Polly Adams, Sue
Baker, Alan Mokler, Steve Wall.
Sid Weiss and Bill Williams.
Ellis, who co-authored the show
with Rob Dvvan, estimates that j
over 100 students are involved in
staff, production crews and cast.
Freshman Gary Levinson's origin
al music has lyrics by Steve
Lawry. Producer is Ed Blair.
"It Jane," the return of Mrs.
Leland Stanford, will be the sa
tirical subject of the 1964 Big
Game Gaieties.
An entering transfer student,
Jane Stanford, judges campus in- '
stitutions by nineteelh century i
standards in the musical comedy :
to be presented Nov. 17-20.
A cast of 50 has been selected,
according to Director Phil Ellis,
i Leads include Polly Adams, Sue
Baker, Alan Mokler, Steve Wall.
Sid Weiss and Bill Williams.
Ellis, who co-authored the show
with Rob Dvvan, estimates that j
over 100 students are involved in
staff, production crews and cast.
Freshman Gary Levinson's origin
al music has lyrics by Steve
Lawry. Producer is Ed Blair.
"It Jane," the return of Mrs.
Leland Stanford, will be the sa
tirical subject of the 1964 Big
Game Gaieties.
An entering transfer student,
Jane Stanford, judges campus in- '
stitutions by nineteelh century i
standards in the musical comedy :
to be presented Nov. 17-20.
A cast of 50 has been selected,
according to Director Phil Ellis,
i Leads include Polly Adams, Sue
Baker, Alan Mokler, Steve Wall.
Sid Weiss and Bill Williams.
Ellis, who co-authored the show
with Rob Dvvan, estimates that j
over 100 students are involved in
staff, production crews and cast.
Freshman Gary Levinson's origin
al music has lyrics by Steve
Lawry. Producer is Ed Blair.
