# Card Profile
## 
### 
A steady and irrteligent athlete,
Neal is versatile enough lo play
anywhere on the offensive line.
He excels in leading interference
and is sound in most aspects of
the offensive line.
A 5*11", 201 pound senior from
Modesto, Neal pulls out and loads
a play which has been very ef
fective this year for Ralston's
charges: the halfback sweep. He
has rounded into shape well after
missing spring practices due to
his Stanford-in-Italy stay in Flor
ence.
Leo McLaughlin, of the Tribe
coaching staff, says that Noal
"learns rapidly and has excellent
technique."


GUARD JOE NEAL
A steady and irrteligent athlete,
Neal is versatile enough lo play
anywhere on the offensive line.
He excels in leading interference
and is sound in most aspects of
the offensive line.
A 5*11", 201 pound senior from
Modesto, Neal pulls out and loads
a play which has been very ef
fective this year for Ralston's
charges: the halfback sweep. He
has rounded into shape well after
missing spring practices due to
his Stanford-in-Italy stay in Flor
ence.
Leo McLaughlin, of the Tribe
coaching staff, says that Noal
"learns rapidly and has excellent
technique."


GUARD JOE NEAL
A steady and irrteligent athlete,
Neal is versatile enough lo play
anywhere on the offensive line.
He excels in leading interference
and is sound in most aspects of
the offensive line.
A 5*11", 201 pound senior from
Modesto, Neal pulls out and loads
a play which has been very ef
fective this year for Ralston's
charges: the halfback sweep. He
has rounded into shape well after
missing spring practices due to
his Stanford-in-Italy stay in Flor
ence.
Leo McLaughlin, of the Tribe
coaching staff, says that Noal
"learns rapidly and has excellent
technique."


GUARD JOE NEAL
A steady and irrteligent athlete,
Neal is versatile enough lo play
anywhere on the offensive line.
He excels in leading interference
and is sound in most aspects of
the offensive line.
A 5*11", 201 pound senior from
Modesto, Neal pulls out and loads
a play which has been very ef
fective this year for Ralston's
charges: the halfback sweep. He
has rounded into shape well after
missing spring practices due to
his Stanford-in-Italy stay in Flor
ence.
Leo McLaughlin, of the Tribe
coaching staff, says that Noal
"learns rapidly and has excellent
technique."


GUARD JOE NEAL
A steady and irrteligent athlete,
Neal is versatile enough lo play
anywhere on the offensive line.
He excels in leading interference
and is sound in most aspects of
the offensive line.
A 5*11", 201 pound senior from
Modesto, Neal pulls out and loads
a play which has been very ef
fective this year for Ralston's
charges: the halfback sweep. He
has rounded into shape well after
missing spring practices due to
his Stanford-in-Italy stay in Flor
ence.
Leo McLaughlin, of the Tribe
coaching staff, says that Noal
"learns rapidly and has excellent
technique."


GUARD JOE NEAL
A steady and irrteligent athlete,
Neal is versatile enough lo play
anywhere on the offensive line.
He excels in leading interference
and is sound in most aspects of
the offensive line.
A 5*11", 201 pound senior from
Modesto, Neal pulls out and loads
a play which has been very ef
fective this year for Ralston's
charges: the halfback sweep. He
has rounded into shape well after
missing spring practices due to
his Stanford-in-Italy stay in Flor
ence.
Leo McLaughlin, of the Tribe
coaching staff, says that Noal
"learns rapidly and has excellent
technique."


GUARD JOE NEAL
A steady and irrteligent athlete,
Neal is versatile enough lo play
anywhere on the offensive line.
He excels in leading interference
and is sound in most aspects of
the offensive line.
A 5*11", 201 pound senior from
Modesto, Neal pulls out and loads
a play which has been very ef
fective this year for Ralston's
charges: the halfback sweep. He
has rounded into shape well after
missing spring practices due to
his Stanford-in-Italy stay in Flor
ence.
Leo McLaughlin, of the Tribe
coaching staff, says that Noal
"learns rapidly and has excellent
technique."


GUARD JOE NEAL
A steady and irrteligent athlete,
Neal is versatile enough lo play
anywhere on the offensive line.
He excels in leading interference
and is sound in most aspects of
the offensive line.
A 5*11", 201 pound senior from
Modesto, Neal pulls out and loads
a play which has been very ef
fective this year for Ralston's
charges: the halfback sweep. He
has rounded into shape well after
missing spring practices due to
his Stanford-in-Italy stay in Flor
ence.
Leo McLaughlin, of the Tribe
coaching staff, says that Noal
"learns rapidly and has excellent
technique."


GUARD JOE NEAL
A steady and irrteligent athlete,
Neal is versatile enough lo play
anywhere on the offensive line.
He excels in leading interference
and is sound in most aspects of
the offensive line.
A 5*11", 201 pound senior from
Modesto, Neal pulls out and loads
a play which has been very ef
fective this year for Ralston's
charges: the halfback sweep. He
has rounded into shape well after
missing spring practices due to
his Stanford-in-Italy stay in Flor
ence.
Leo McLaughlin, of the Tribe
coaching staff, says that Noal
"learns rapidly and has excellent
technique."


GUARD JOE NEAL
A steady and irrteligent athlete,
Neal is versatile enough lo play
anywhere on the offensive line.
He excels in leading interference
and is sound in most aspects of
the offensive line.
A 5*11", 201 pound senior from
Modesto, Neal pulls out and loads
a play which has been very ef
fective this year for Ralston's
charges: the halfback sweep. He
has rounded into shape well after
missing spring practices due to
his Stanford-in-Italy stay in Flor
ence.
Leo McLaughlin, of the Tribe
coaching staff, says that Noal
"learns rapidly and has excellent
technique."


GUARD JOE NEAL
A steady and irrteligent athlete,
Neal is versatile enough lo play
anywhere on the offensive line.
He excels in leading interference
and is sound in most aspects of
the offensive line.
A 5*11", 201 pound senior from
Modesto, Neal pulls out and loads
a play which has been very ef
fective this year for Ralston's
charges: the halfback sweep. He
has rounded into shape well after
missing spring practices due to
his Stanford-in-Italy stay in Flor
ence.
Leo McLaughlin, of the Tribe
coaching staff, says that Noal
"learns rapidly and has excellent
technique."


GUARD JOE NEAL
A steady and irrteligent athlete,
Neal is versatile enough lo play
anywhere on the offensive line.
He excels in leading interference
and is sound in most aspects of
the offensive line.
A 5*11", 201 pound senior from
Modesto, Neal pulls out and loads
a play which has been very ef
fective this year for Ralston's
charges: the halfback sweep. He
has rounded into shape well after
missing spring practices due to
his Stanford-in-Italy stay in Flor
ence.
Leo McLaughlin, of the Tribe
coaching staff, says that Noal
"learns rapidly and has excellent
technique."


GUARD JOE NEAL
A steady and irrteligent athlete,
Neal is versatile enough lo play
anywhere on the offensive line.
He excels in leading interference
and is sound in most aspects of
the offensive line.
A 5*11", 201 pound senior from
Modesto, Neal pulls out and loads
a play which has been very ef
fective this year for Ralston's
charges: the halfback sweep. He
has rounded into shape well after
missing spring practices due to
his Stanford-in-Italy stay in Flor
ence.
Leo McLaughlin, of the Tribe
coaching staff, says that Noal
"learns rapidly and has excellent
technique."


GUARD JOE NEAL
A steady and irrteligent athlete,
Neal is versatile enough lo play
anywhere on the offensive line.
He excels in leading interference
and is sound in most aspects of
the offensive line.
A 5*11", 201 pound senior from
Modesto, Neal pulls out and loads
a play which has been very ef
fective this year for Ralston's
charges: the halfback sweep. He
has rounded into shape well after
missing spring practices due to
his Stanford-in-Italy stay in Flor
ence.
Leo McLaughlin, of the Tribe
coaching staff, says that Noal
"learns rapidly and has excellent
technique."


GUARD JOE NEAL
A steady and irrteligent athlete,
Neal is versatile enough lo play
anywhere on the offensive line.
He excels in leading interference
and is sound in most aspects of
the offensive line.
A 5*11", 201 pound senior from
Modesto, Neal pulls out and loads
a play which has been very ef
fective this year for Ralston's
charges: the halfback sweep. He
has rounded into shape well after
missing spring practices due to
his Stanford-in-Italy stay in Flor
ence.
Leo McLaughlin, of the Tribe
coaching staff, says that Noal
"learns rapidly and has excellent
technique."


GUARD JOE NEAL
