# Cal Manager Congratulates Farm on Bid
## 
### 
BERKELEY, Nov. 25 (AP).
—Speaking for football Coach
Leonard "Stub"' Allison and
"the whole athletic administra
tion,'' Graduate Manager Bill
Monohan of U.C. extended con
gratulations to Stanford upon
its selection as Western Rose
Bowl team.
"Naturally wc arc disap
pointed at not receiving the
hid," Monohan said, "but I ac
cept the Pacific Coast Confer
ence vote without question. Wc
hope that Stanford will ho able
to get a good opponent, and
hope that it will win the Rose
Bowl."
BERKELEY, Nov. 25 (AP).
—Speaking for football Coach
Leonard "Stub"' Allison and
"the whole athletic administra
tion,'' Graduate Manager Bill
Monohan of U.C. extended con
gratulations to Stanford upon
its selection as Western Rose
Bowl team.
"Naturally wc arc disap
pointed at not receiving the
hid," Monohan said, "but I ac
cept the Pacific Coast Confer
ence vote without question. Wc
hope that Stanford will ho able
to get a good opponent, and
hope that it will win the Rose
Bowl."
BERKELEY, Nov. 25 (AP).
—Speaking for football Coach
Leonard "Stub"' Allison and
"the whole athletic administra
tion,'' Graduate Manager Bill
Monohan of U.C. extended con
gratulations to Stanford upon
its selection as Western Rose
Bowl team.
"Naturally wc arc disap
pointed at not receiving the
hid," Monohan said, "but I ac
cept the Pacific Coast Confer
ence vote without question. Wc
hope that Stanford will ho able
to get a good opponent, and
hope that it will win the Rose
Bowl."
BERKELEY, Nov. 25 (AP).
—Speaking for football Coach
Leonard "Stub"' Allison and
"the whole athletic administra
tion,'' Graduate Manager Bill
Monohan of U.C. extended con
gratulations to Stanford upon
its selection as Western Rose
Bowl team.
"Naturally wc arc disap
pointed at not receiving the
hid," Monohan said, "but I ac
cept the Pacific Coast Confer
ence vote without question. Wc
hope that Stanford will ho able
to get a good opponent, and
hope that it will win the Rose
Bowl."
BERKELEY, Nov. 25 (AP).
—Speaking for football Coach
Leonard "Stub"' Allison and
"the whole athletic administra
tion,'' Graduate Manager Bill
Monohan of U.C. extended con
gratulations to Stanford upon
its selection as Western Rose
Bowl team.
"Naturally wc arc disap
pointed at not receiving the
hid," Monohan said, "but I ac
cept the Pacific Coast Confer
ence vote without question. Wc
hope that Stanford will ho able
to get a good opponent, and
hope that it will win the Rose
Bowl."
BERKELEY, Nov. 25 (AP).
—Speaking for football Coach
Leonard "Stub"' Allison and
"the whole athletic administra
tion,'' Graduate Manager Bill
Monohan of U.C. extended con
gratulations to Stanford upon
its selection as Western Rose
Bowl team.
"Naturally wc arc disap
pointed at not receiving the
hid," Monohan said, "but I ac
cept the Pacific Coast Confer
ence vote without question. Wc
hope that Stanford will ho able
to get a good opponent, and
hope that it will win the Rose
Bowl."
BERKELEY, Nov. 25 (AP).
—Speaking for football Coach
Leonard "Stub"' Allison and
"the whole athletic administra
tion,'' Graduate Manager Bill
Monohan of U.C. extended con
gratulations to Stanford upon
its selection as Western Rose
Bowl team.
"Naturally wc arc disap
pointed at not receiving the
hid," Monohan said, "but I ac
cept the Pacific Coast Confer
ence vote without question. Wc
hope that Stanford will ho able
to get a good opponent, and
hope that it will win the Rose
Bowl."
BERKELEY, Nov. 25 (AP).
—Speaking for football Coach
Leonard "Stub"' Allison and
"the whole athletic administra
tion,'' Graduate Manager Bill
Monohan of U.C. extended con
gratulations to Stanford upon
its selection as Western Rose
Bowl team.
"Naturally wc arc disap
pointed at not receiving the
hid," Monohan said, "but I ac
cept the Pacific Coast Confer
ence vote without question. Wc
hope that Stanford will ho able
to get a good opponent, and
hope that it will win the Rose
Bowl."
BERKELEY, Nov. 25 (AP).
—Speaking for football Coach
Leonard "Stub"' Allison and
"the whole athletic administra
tion,'' Graduate Manager Bill
Monohan of U.C. extended con
gratulations to Stanford upon
its selection as Western Rose
Bowl team.
"Naturally wc arc disap
pointed at not receiving the
hid," Monohan said, "but I ac
cept the Pacific Coast Confer
ence vote without question. Wc
hope that Stanford will ho able
to get a good opponent, and
hope that it will win the Rose
Bowl."
BERKELEY, Nov. 25 (AP).
—Speaking for football Coach
Leonard "Stub"' Allison and
"the whole athletic administra
tion,'' Graduate Manager Bill
Monohan of U.C. extended con
gratulations to Stanford upon
its selection as Western Rose
Bowl team.
"Naturally wc arc disap
pointed at not receiving the
hid," Monohan said, "but I ac
cept the Pacific Coast Confer
ence vote without question. Wc
hope that Stanford will ho able
to get a good opponent, and
hope that it will win the Rose
Bowl."
BERKELEY, Nov. 25 (AP).
—Speaking for football Coach
Leonard "Stub"' Allison and
"the whole athletic administra
tion,'' Graduate Manager Bill
Monohan of U.C. extended con
gratulations to Stanford upon
its selection as Western Rose
Bowl team.
"Naturally wc arc disap
pointed at not receiving the
hid," Monohan said, "but I ac
cept the Pacific Coast Confer
ence vote without question. Wc
hope that Stanford will ho able
to get a good opponent, and
hope that it will win the Rose
Bowl."
BERKELEY, Nov. 25 (AP).
—Speaking for football Coach
Leonard "Stub"' Allison and
"the whole athletic administra
tion,'' Graduate Manager Bill
Monohan of U.C. extended con
gratulations to Stanford upon
its selection as Western Rose
Bowl team.
"Naturally wc arc disap
pointed at not receiving the
hid," Monohan said, "but I ac
cept the Pacific Coast Confer
ence vote without question. Wc
hope that Stanford will ho able
to get a good opponent, and
hope that it will win the Rose
Bowl."
BERKELEY, Nov. 25 (AP).
—Speaking for football Coach
Leonard "Stub"' Allison and
"the whole athletic administra
tion,'' Graduate Manager Bill
Monohan of U.C. extended con
gratulations to Stanford upon
its selection as Western Rose
Bowl team.
"Naturally wc arc disap
pointed at not receiving the
hid," Monohan said, "but I ac
cept the Pacific Coast Confer
ence vote without question. Wc
hope that Stanford will ho able
to get a good opponent, and
hope that it will win the Rose
Bowl."
BERKELEY, Nov. 25 (AP).
—Speaking for football Coach
Leonard "Stub"' Allison and
"the whole athletic administra
tion,'' Graduate Manager Bill
Monohan of U.C. extended con
gratulations to Stanford upon
its selection as Western Rose
Bowl team.
"Naturally wc arc disap
pointed at not receiving the
hid," Monohan said, "but I ac
cept the Pacific Coast Confer
ence vote without question. Wc
hope that Stanford will ho able
to get a good opponent, and
hope that it will win the Rose
Bowl."
BERKELEY, Nov. 25 (AP).
—Speaking for football Coach
Leonard "Stub"' Allison and
"the whole athletic administra
tion,'' Graduate Manager Bill
Monohan of U.C. extended con
gratulations to Stanford upon
its selection as Western Rose
Bowl team.
"Naturally wc arc disap
pointed at not receiving the
hid," Monohan said, "but I ac
cept the Pacific Coast Confer
ence vote without question. Wc
hope that Stanford will ho able
to get a good opponent, and
hope that it will win the Rose
Bowl."
