# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Sports/6
FOUR TO INDOORS
Four Stanford men will compete at this weekend's
ITA Indoor Championship in Ohio, two in the
singles draw and one team in doubles

Sports/6
DUCK HUNTING
No. 5 Stanford volleyball will try to take out the
frustration of its second loss this season on
Oregon and Oregon State tonight and tomorrow

Today

Mostly sunny
70 52

Tomorrow

Sunny
47




Sports/6
FOUR TO INDOORS
Four Stanford men will compete at this weekend's
ITA Indoor Championship in Ohio, two in the
singles draw and one team in doubles

Sports/6
DUCK HUNTING
No. 5 Stanford volleyball will try to take out the
frustration of its second loss this season on
Oregon and Oregon State tonight and tomorrow

Today

Mostly sunny
70 52

Tomorrow

Sunny
47




Sports/6
FOUR TO INDOORS
Four Stanford men will compete at this weekend's
ITA Indoor Championship in Ohio, two in the
singles draw and one team in doubles

Sports/6
DUCK HUNTING
No. 5 Stanford volleyball will try to take out the
frustration of its second loss this season on
Oregon and Oregon State tonight and tomorrow

Today

Mostly sunny
70 52

Tomorrow

Sunny
47




Sports/6
FOUR TO INDOORS
Four Stanford men will compete at this weekend's
ITA Indoor Championship in Ohio, two in the
singles draw and one team in doubles

Sports/6
DUCK HUNTING
No. 5 Stanford volleyball will try to take out the
frustration of its second loss this season on
Oregon and Oregon State tonight and tomorrow

Today

Mostly sunny
70 52

Tomorrow

Sunny
47




Sports/6
FOUR TO INDOORS
Four Stanford men will compete at this weekend's
ITA Indoor Championship in Ohio, two in the
singles draw and one team in doubles

Sports/6
DUCK HUNTING
No. 5 Stanford volleyball will try to take out the
frustration of its second loss this season on
Oregon and Oregon State tonight and tomorrow

Today

Mostly sunny
70 52

Tomorrow

Sunny
47




Sports/6
FOUR TO INDOORS
Four Stanford men will compete at this weekend's
ITA Indoor Championship in Ohio, two in the
singles draw and one team in doubles

Sports/6
DUCK HUNTING
No. 5 Stanford volleyball will try to take out the
frustration of its second loss this season on
Oregon and Oregon State tonight and tomorrow

Today

Mostly sunny
70 52

Tomorrow

Sunny
47




