# Adv. 12 Page 9
## 
### 
You can't be talked out of heart disease, diabetes, asthma...or
depression. Depression is a serious illness that needs medical
treatment. Ask your doctor fora depression screening today.
lieatitastf'T
depended « #■
You can't be talked out of heart disease, diabetes, asthma...or
depression. Depression is a serious illness that needs medical
treatment. Ask your doctor fora depression screening today.
lieatitastf'T
depended « #■
You can't be talked out of heart disease, diabetes, asthma...or
depression. Depression is a serious illness that needs medical
treatment. Ask your doctor fora depression screening today.
lieatitastf'T
depended « #■
You can't be talked out of heart disease, diabetes, asthma...or
depression. Depression is a serious illness that needs medical
treatment. Ask your doctor fora depression screening today.
lieatitastf'T
depended « #■
You can't be talked out of heart disease, diabetes, asthma...or
depression. Depression is a serious illness that needs medical
treatment. Ask your doctor fora depression screening today.
lieatitastf'T
depended « #■
You can't be talked out of heart disease, diabetes, asthma...or
depression. Depression is a serious illness that needs medical
treatment. Ask your doctor fora depression screening today.
lieatitastf'T
depended « #■
You can't be talked out of heart disease, diabetes, asthma...or
depression. Depression is a serious illness that needs medical
treatment. Ask your doctor fora depression screening today.
lieatitastf'T
depended « #■
You can't be talked out of heart disease, diabetes, asthma...or
depression. Depression is a serious illness that needs medical
treatment. Ask your doctor fora depression screening today.
lieatitastf'T
depended « #■
