# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
For the Best Developing,
Printing, and Enlarging,
bring your films here
Special fine grain
developing
3 !/4 X 4'/4 enlargements
from all miniature films,
8 ccnts each
Wc also carry a complete
line of Cameras, Photo
graphic Supplies, and
Accessories
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
For the Best Developing,
Printing, and Enlarging,
bring your films here
Special fine grain
developing
3 !/4 X 4'/4 enlargements
from all miniature films,
8 ccnts each
Wc also carry a complete
line of Cameras, Photo
graphic Supplies, and
Accessories
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
For the Best Developing,
Printing, and Enlarging,
bring your films here
Special fine grain
developing
3 !/4 X 4'/4 enlargements
from all miniature films,
8 ccnts each
Wc also carry a complete
line of Cameras, Photo
graphic Supplies, and
Accessories
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
For the Best Developing,
Printing, and Enlarging,
bring your films here
Special fine grain
developing
3 !/4 X 4'/4 enlargements
from all miniature films,
8 ccnts each
Wc also carry a complete
line of Cameras, Photo
graphic Supplies, and
Accessories
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
For the Best Developing,
Printing, and Enlarging,
bring your films here
Special fine grain
developing
3 !/4 X 4'/4 enlargements
from all miniature films,
8 ccnts each
Wc also carry a complete
line of Cameras, Photo
graphic Supplies, and
Accessories
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
For the Best Developing,
Printing, and Enlarging,
bring your films here
Special fine grain
developing
3 !/4 X 4'/4 enlargements
from all miniature films,
8 ccnts each
Wc also carry a complete
line of Cameras, Photo
graphic Supplies, and
Accessories
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
For the Best Developing,
Printing, and Enlarging,
bring your films here
Special fine grain
developing
3 !/4 X 4'/4 enlargements
from all miniature films,
8 ccnts each
Wc also carry a complete
line of Cameras, Photo
graphic Supplies, and
Accessories
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
For the Best Developing,
Printing, and Enlarging,
bring your films here
Special fine grain
developing
3 !/4 X 4'/4 enlargements
from all miniature films,
8 ccnts each
Wc also carry a complete
line of Cameras, Photo
graphic Supplies, and
Accessories
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
For the Best Developing,
Printing, and Enlarging,
bring your films here
Special fine grain
developing
3 !/4 X 4'/4 enlargements
from all miniature films,
8 ccnts each
Wc also carry a complete
line of Cameras, Photo
graphic Supplies, and
Accessories
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
For the Best Developing,
Printing, and Enlarging,
bring your films here
Special fine grain
developing
3 !/4 X 4'/4 enlargements
from all miniature films,
8 ccnts each
Wc also carry a complete
line of Cameras, Photo
graphic Supplies, and
Accessories
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
For the Best Developing,
Printing, and Enlarging,
bring your films here
Special fine grain
developing
3 !/4 X 4'/4 enlargements
from all miniature films,
8 ccnts each
Wc also carry a complete
line of Cameras, Photo
graphic Supplies, and
Accessories
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
For the Best Developing,
Printing, and Enlarging,
bring your films here
Special fine grain
developing
3 !/4 X 4'/4 enlargements
from all miniature films,
8 ccnts each
Wc also carry a complete
line of Cameras, Photo
graphic Supplies, and
Accessories
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
For the Best Developing,
Printing, and Enlarging,
bring your films here
Special fine grain
developing
3 !/4 X 4'/4 enlargements
from all miniature films,
8 ccnts each
Wc also carry a complete
line of Cameras, Photo
graphic Supplies, and
Accessories
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
For the Best Developing,
Printing, and Enlarging,
bring your films here
Special fine grain
developing
3 !/4 X 4'/4 enlargements
from all miniature films,
8 ccnts each
Wc also carry a complete
line of Cameras, Photo
graphic Supplies, and
Accessories
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
For the Best Developing,
Printing, and Enlarging,
bring your films here
Special fine grain
developing
3 !/4 X 4'/4 enlargements
from all miniature films,
8 ccnts each
Wc also carry a complete
line of Cameras, Photo
graphic Supplies, and
Accessories
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
For the Best Developing,
Printing, and Enlarging,
bring your films here
Special fine grain
developing
3 !/4 X 4'/4 enlargements
from all miniature films,
8 ccnts each
Wc also carry a complete
line of Cameras, Photo
graphic Supplies, and
Accessories
David Keeble
323 University Ave.
