# International Club Will Meet at Mills
## 
### 
Bringing over a dozen authorities
on world affairs from the eastern
United States and abroad, the An
nual Institute of International Rela
tions will hold its fifth meeting at
Mills College from June 20 to
June 30.
The Institute at Mills College is
one of nine held throughout the
United States for the purpose of
providing citizens with the oppor
tunity for study and discussion of
world issues. During the 10-day
period, mornings will be devoted to
lectures and round tables, and af
ternoons will be left open for in
formal meetings and discussions.
Leaders at the 1939 Institute will
include Stanley Horhbeck, Depart
ment of State adviser on political
relations; Harry D. Gideonse, pro
lessor of economics at Columbia
University, and Gerald Heard.
British author and scientist. Fur
ther information may be obtained
from Joseph Conard, Mills College.
Bringing over a dozen authorities
on world affairs from the eastern
United States and abroad, the An
nual Institute of International Rela
tions will hold its fifth meeting at
Mills College from June 20 to
June 30.
The Institute at Mills College is
one of nine held throughout the
United States for the purpose of
providing citizens with the oppor
tunity for study and discussion of
world issues. During the 10-day
period, mornings will be devoted to
lectures and round tables, and af
ternoons will be left open for in
formal meetings and discussions.
Leaders at the 1939 Institute will
include Stanley Horhbeck, Depart
ment of State adviser on political
relations; Harry D. Gideonse, pro
lessor of economics at Columbia
University, and Gerald Heard.
British author and scientist. Fur
ther information may be obtained
from Joseph Conard, Mills College.
Bringing over a dozen authorities
on world affairs from the eastern
United States and abroad, the An
nual Institute of International Rela
tions will hold its fifth meeting at
Mills College from June 20 to
June 30.
The Institute at Mills College is
one of nine held throughout the
United States for the purpose of
providing citizens with the oppor
tunity for study and discussion of
world issues. During the 10-day
period, mornings will be devoted to
lectures and round tables, and af
ternoons will be left open for in
formal meetings and discussions.
Leaders at the 1939 Institute will
include Stanley Horhbeck, Depart
ment of State adviser on political
relations; Harry D. Gideonse, pro
lessor of economics at Columbia
University, and Gerald Heard.
British author and scientist. Fur
ther information may be obtained
from Joseph Conard, Mills College.
Bringing over a dozen authorities
on world affairs from the eastern
United States and abroad, the An
nual Institute of International Rela
tions will hold its fifth meeting at
Mills College from June 20 to
June 30.
The Institute at Mills College is
one of nine held throughout the
United States for the purpose of
providing citizens with the oppor
tunity for study and discussion of
world issues. During the 10-day
period, mornings will be devoted to
lectures and round tables, and af
ternoons will be left open for in
formal meetings and discussions.
Leaders at the 1939 Institute will
include Stanley Horhbeck, Depart
ment of State adviser on political
relations; Harry D. Gideonse, pro
lessor of economics at Columbia
University, and Gerald Heard.
British author and scientist. Fur
ther information may be obtained
from Joseph Conard, Mills College.
Bringing over a dozen authorities
on world affairs from the eastern
United States and abroad, the An
nual Institute of International Rela
tions will hold its fifth meeting at
Mills College from June 20 to
June 30.
The Institute at Mills College is
one of nine held throughout the
United States for the purpose of
providing citizens with the oppor
tunity for study and discussion of
world issues. During the 10-day
period, mornings will be devoted to
lectures and round tables, and af
ternoons will be left open for in
formal meetings and discussions.
Leaders at the 1939 Institute will
include Stanley Horhbeck, Depart
ment of State adviser on political
relations; Harry D. Gideonse, pro
lessor of economics at Columbia
University, and Gerald Heard.
British author and scientist. Fur
ther information may be obtained
from Joseph Conard, Mills College.
Bringing over a dozen authorities
on world affairs from the eastern
United States and abroad, the An
nual Institute of International Rela
tions will hold its fifth meeting at
Mills College from June 20 to
June 30.
The Institute at Mills College is
one of nine held throughout the
United States for the purpose of
providing citizens with the oppor
tunity for study and discussion of
world issues. During the 10-day
period, mornings will be devoted to
lectures and round tables, and af
ternoons will be left open for in
formal meetings and discussions.
Leaders at the 1939 Institute will
include Stanley Horhbeck, Depart
ment of State adviser on political
relations; Harry D. Gideonse, pro
lessor of economics at Columbia
University, and Gerald Heard.
British author and scientist. Fur
ther information may be obtained
from Joseph Conard, Mills College.
Bringing over a dozen authorities
on world affairs from the eastern
United States and abroad, the An
nual Institute of International Rela
tions will hold its fifth meeting at
Mills College from June 20 to
June 30.
The Institute at Mills College is
one of nine held throughout the
United States for the purpose of
providing citizens with the oppor
tunity for study and discussion of
world issues. During the 10-day
period, mornings will be devoted to
lectures and round tables, and af
ternoons will be left open for in
formal meetings and discussions.
Leaders at the 1939 Institute will
include Stanley Horhbeck, Depart
ment of State adviser on political
relations; Harry D. Gideonse, pro
lessor of economics at Columbia
University, and Gerald Heard.
British author and scientist. Fur
ther information may be obtained
from Joseph Conard, Mills College.
Bringing over a dozen authorities
on world affairs from the eastern
United States and abroad, the An
nual Institute of International Rela
tions will hold its fifth meeting at
Mills College from June 20 to
June 30.
The Institute at Mills College is
one of nine held throughout the
United States for the purpose of
providing citizens with the oppor
tunity for study and discussion of
world issues. During the 10-day
period, mornings will be devoted to
lectures and round tables, and af
ternoons will be left open for in
formal meetings and discussions.
Leaders at the 1939 Institute will
include Stanley Horhbeck, Depart
ment of State adviser on political
relations; Harry D. Gideonse, pro
lessor of economics at Columbia
University, and Gerald Heard.
British author and scientist. Fur
ther information may be obtained
from Joseph Conard, Mills College.
Bringing over a dozen authorities
on world affairs from the eastern
United States and abroad, the An
nual Institute of International Rela
tions will hold its fifth meeting at
Mills College from June 20 to
June 30.
The Institute at Mills College is
one of nine held throughout the
United States for the purpose of
providing citizens with the oppor
tunity for study and discussion of
world issues. During the 10-day
period, mornings will be devoted to
lectures and round tables, and af
ternoons will be left open for in
formal meetings and discussions.
Leaders at the 1939 Institute will
include Stanley Horhbeck, Depart
ment of State adviser on political
relations; Harry D. Gideonse, pro
lessor of economics at Columbia
University, and Gerald Heard.
British author and scientist. Fur
ther information may be obtained
from Joseph Conard, Mills College.
Bringing over a dozen authorities
on world affairs from the eastern
United States and abroad, the An
nual Institute of International Rela
tions will hold its fifth meeting at
Mills College from June 20 to
June 30.
The Institute at Mills College is
one of nine held throughout the
United States for the purpose of
providing citizens with the oppor
tunity for study and discussion of
world issues. During the 10-day
period, mornings will be devoted to
lectures and round tables, and af
ternoons will be left open for in
formal meetings and discussions.
Leaders at the 1939 Institute will
include Stanley Horhbeck, Depart
ment of State adviser on political
relations; Harry D. Gideonse, pro
lessor of economics at Columbia
University, and Gerald Heard.
British author and scientist. Fur
ther information may be obtained
from Joseph Conard, Mills College.
Bringing over a dozen authorities
on world affairs from the eastern
United States and abroad, the An
nual Institute of International Rela
tions will hold its fifth meeting at
Mills College from June 20 to
June 30.
The Institute at Mills College is
one of nine held throughout the
United States for the purpose of
providing citizens with the oppor
tunity for study and discussion of
world issues. During the 10-day
period, mornings will be devoted to
lectures and round tables, and af
ternoons will be left open for in
formal meetings and discussions.
Leaders at the 1939 Institute will
include Stanley Horhbeck, Depart
ment of State adviser on political
relations; Harry D. Gideonse, pro
lessor of economics at Columbia
University, and Gerald Heard.
British author and scientist. Fur
ther information may be obtained
from Joseph Conard, Mills College.
Bringing over a dozen authorities
on world affairs from the eastern
United States and abroad, the An
nual Institute of International Rela
tions will hold its fifth meeting at
Mills College from June 20 to
June 30.
The Institute at Mills College is
one of nine held throughout the
United States for the purpose of
providing citizens with the oppor
tunity for study and discussion of
world issues. During the 10-day
period, mornings will be devoted to
lectures and round tables, and af
ternoons will be left open for in
formal meetings and discussions.
Leaders at the 1939 Institute will
include Stanley Horhbeck, Depart
ment of State adviser on political
relations; Harry D. Gideonse, pro
lessor of economics at Columbia
University, and Gerald Heard.
British author and scientist. Fur
ther information may be obtained
from Joseph Conard, Mills College.
Bringing over a dozen authorities
on world affairs from the eastern
United States and abroad, the An
nual Institute of International Rela
tions will hold its fifth meeting at
Mills College from June 20 to
June 30.
The Institute at Mills College is
one of nine held throughout the
United States for the purpose of
providing citizens with the oppor
tunity for study and discussion of
world issues. During the 10-day
period, mornings will be devoted to
lectures and round tables, and af
ternoons will be left open for in
formal meetings and discussions.
Leaders at the 1939 Institute will
include Stanley Horhbeck, Depart
ment of State adviser on political
relations; Harry D. Gideonse, pro
lessor of economics at Columbia
University, and Gerald Heard.
British author and scientist. Fur
ther information may be obtained
from Joseph Conard, Mills College.
Bringing over a dozen authorities
on world affairs from the eastern
United States and abroad, the An
nual Institute of International Rela
tions will hold its fifth meeting at
Mills College from June 20 to
June 30.
The Institute at Mills College is
one of nine held throughout the
United States for the purpose of
providing citizens with the oppor
tunity for study and discussion of
world issues. During the 10-day
period, mornings will be devoted to
lectures and round tables, and af
ternoons will be left open for in
formal meetings and discussions.
Leaders at the 1939 Institute will
include Stanley Horhbeck, Depart
ment of State adviser on political
relations; Harry D. Gideonse, pro
lessor of economics at Columbia
University, and Gerald Heard.
British author and scientist. Fur
ther information may be obtained
from Joseph Conard, Mills College.
Bringing over a dozen authorities
on world affairs from the eastern
United States and abroad, the An
nual Institute of International Rela
tions will hold its fifth meeting at
Mills College from June 20 to
June 30.
The Institute at Mills College is
one of nine held throughout the
United States for the purpose of
providing citizens with the oppor
tunity for study and discussion of
world issues. During the 10-day
period, mornings will be devoted to
lectures and round tables, and af
ternoons will be left open for in
formal meetings and discussions.
Leaders at the 1939 Institute will
include Stanley Horhbeck, Depart
ment of State adviser on political
relations; Harry D. Gideonse, pro
lessor of economics at Columbia
University, and Gerald Heard.
British author and scientist. Fur
ther information may be obtained
from Joseph Conard, Mills College.
Bringing over a dozen authorities
on world affairs from the eastern
United States and abroad, the An
nual Institute of International Rela
tions will hold its fifth meeting at
Mills College from June 20 to
June 30.
The Institute at Mills College is
one of nine held throughout the
United States for the purpose of
providing citizens with the oppor
tunity for study and discussion of
world issues. During the 10-day
period, mornings will be devoted to
lectures and round tables, and af
ternoons will be left open for in
formal meetings and discussions.
Leaders at the 1939 Institute will
include Stanley Horhbeck, Depart
ment of State adviser on political
relations; Harry D. Gideonse, pro
lessor of economics at Columbia
University, and Gerald Heard.
British author and scientist. Fur
ther information may be obtained
from Joseph Conard, Mills College.
