# Rifle Club Plans Picnic on May 21
## 
### 
Plans for the Rifle Club picnic, to
be held at Santa Cruz on May 21,
were discussed last night at the
regular meeting of the club. All
members who wish to go should at
tend next Wednesday's meeting and
sign up.
The varsity teams are continuing
intercollegiate matches, the men
firing against Dartmouth this week.
The Women's Rifle team is contin
uing practice and. acocrding to the
new manager, Jean Bryant, there is
room for new members, especially
lower classmen. All women inter
ested should report at the range he
low the Administration Building
next Monday night at 8 o'clock.
Six weather bifreaus and two
army and two navy radio-sound sta
tions are widely used ih determin
ing weather forecasts in the United
States.
Plans for the Rifle Club picnic, to
be held at Santa Cruz on May 21,
were discussed last night at the
regular meeting of the club. All
members who wish to go should at
tend next Wednesday's meeting and
sign up.
The varsity teams are continuing
intercollegiate matches, the men
firing against Dartmouth this week.
The Women's Rifle team is contin
uing practice and. acocrding to the
new manager, Jean Bryant, there is
room for new members, especially
lower classmen. All women inter
ested should report at the range he
low the Administration Building
next Monday night at 8 o'clock.
Six weather bifreaus and two
army and two navy radio-sound sta
tions are widely used ih determin
ing weather forecasts in the United
States.
Plans for the Rifle Club picnic, to
be held at Santa Cruz on May 21,
were discussed last night at the
regular meeting of the club. All
members who wish to go should at
tend next Wednesday's meeting and
sign up.
The varsity teams are continuing
intercollegiate matches, the men
firing against Dartmouth this week.
The Women's Rifle team is contin
uing practice and. acocrding to the
new manager, Jean Bryant, there is
room for new members, especially
lower classmen. All women inter
ested should report at the range he
low the Administration Building
next Monday night at 8 o'clock.
Six weather bifreaus and two
army and two navy radio-sound sta
tions are widely used ih determin
ing weather forecasts in the United
States.
Plans for the Rifle Club picnic, to
be held at Santa Cruz on May 21,
were discussed last night at the
regular meeting of the club. All
members who wish to go should at
tend next Wednesday's meeting and
sign up.
The varsity teams are continuing
intercollegiate matches, the men
firing against Dartmouth this week.
The Women's Rifle team is contin
uing practice and. acocrding to the
new manager, Jean Bryant, there is
room for new members, especially
lower classmen. All women inter
ested should report at the range he
low the Administration Building
next Monday night at 8 o'clock.
Six weather bifreaus and two
army and two navy radio-sound sta
tions are widely used ih determin
ing weather forecasts in the United
States.
Plans for the Rifle Club picnic, to
be held at Santa Cruz on May 21,
were discussed last night at the
regular meeting of the club. All
members who wish to go should at
tend next Wednesday's meeting and
sign up.
The varsity teams are continuing
intercollegiate matches, the men
firing against Dartmouth this week.
The Women's Rifle team is contin
uing practice and. acocrding to the
new manager, Jean Bryant, there is
room for new members, especially
lower classmen. All women inter
ested should report at the range he
low the Administration Building
next Monday night at 8 o'clock.
Six weather bifreaus and two
army and two navy radio-sound sta
tions are widely used ih determin
ing weather forecasts in the United
States.
Plans for the Rifle Club picnic, to
be held at Santa Cruz on May 21,
were discussed last night at the
regular meeting of the club. All
members who wish to go should at
tend next Wednesday's meeting and
sign up.
The varsity teams are continuing
intercollegiate matches, the men
firing against Dartmouth this week.
The Women's Rifle team is contin
uing practice and. acocrding to the
new manager, Jean Bryant, there is
room for new members, especially
lower classmen. All women inter
ested should report at the range he
low the Administration Building
next Monday night at 8 o'clock.
Six weather bifreaus and two
army and two navy radio-sound sta
tions are widely used ih determin
ing weather forecasts in the United
States.
Plans for the Rifle Club picnic, to
be held at Santa Cruz on May 21,
were discussed last night at the
regular meeting of the club. All
members who wish to go should at
tend next Wednesday's meeting and
sign up.
The varsity teams are continuing
intercollegiate matches, the men
firing against Dartmouth this week.
The Women's Rifle team is contin
uing practice and. acocrding to the
new manager, Jean Bryant, there is
room for new members, especially
lower classmen. All women inter
ested should report at the range he
low the Administration Building
next Monday night at 8 o'clock.
Six weather bifreaus and two
army and two navy radio-sound sta
tions are widely used ih determin
ing weather forecasts in the United
States.
Plans for the Rifle Club picnic, to
be held at Santa Cruz on May 21,
were discussed last night at the
regular meeting of the club. All
members who wish to go should at
tend next Wednesday's meeting and
sign up.
The varsity teams are continuing
intercollegiate matches, the men
firing against Dartmouth this week.
The Women's Rifle team is contin
uing practice and. acocrding to the
new manager, Jean Bryant, there is
room for new members, especially
lower classmen. All women inter
ested should report at the range he
low the Administration Building
next Monday night at 8 o'clock.
Six weather bifreaus and two
army and two navy radio-sound sta
tions are widely used ih determin
ing weather forecasts in the United
States.
Plans for the Rifle Club picnic, to
be held at Santa Cruz on May 21,
were discussed last night at the
regular meeting of the club. All
members who wish to go should at
tend next Wednesday's meeting and
sign up.
The varsity teams are continuing
intercollegiate matches, the men
firing against Dartmouth this week.
The Women's Rifle team is contin
uing practice and. acocrding to the
new manager, Jean Bryant, there is
room for new members, especially
lower classmen. All women inter
ested should report at the range he
low the Administration Building
next Monday night at 8 o'clock.
Six weather bifreaus and two
army and two navy radio-sound sta
tions are widely used ih determin
ing weather forecasts in the United
States.
Plans for the Rifle Club picnic, to
be held at Santa Cruz on May 21,
were discussed last night at the
regular meeting of the club. All
members who wish to go should at
tend next Wednesday's meeting and
sign up.
The varsity teams are continuing
intercollegiate matches, the men
firing against Dartmouth this week.
The Women's Rifle team is contin
uing practice and. acocrding to the
new manager, Jean Bryant, there is
room for new members, especially
lower classmen. All women inter
ested should report at the range he
low the Administration Building
next Monday night at 8 o'clock.
Six weather bifreaus and two
army and two navy radio-sound sta
tions are widely used ih determin
ing weather forecasts in the United
States.
Plans for the Rifle Club picnic, to
be held at Santa Cruz on May 21,
were discussed last night at the
regular meeting of the club. All
members who wish to go should at
tend next Wednesday's meeting and
sign up.
The varsity teams are continuing
intercollegiate matches, the men
firing against Dartmouth this week.
The Women's Rifle team is contin
uing practice and. acocrding to the
new manager, Jean Bryant, there is
room for new members, especially
lower classmen. All women inter
ested should report at the range he
low the Administration Building
next Monday night at 8 o'clock.
Six weather bifreaus and two
army and two navy radio-sound sta
tions are widely used ih determin
ing weather forecasts in the United
States.
Plans for the Rifle Club picnic, to
be held at Santa Cruz on May 21,
were discussed last night at the
regular meeting of the club. All
members who wish to go should at
tend next Wednesday's meeting and
sign up.
The varsity teams are continuing
intercollegiate matches, the men
firing against Dartmouth this week.
The Women's Rifle team is contin
uing practice and. acocrding to the
new manager, Jean Bryant, there is
room for new members, especially
lower classmen. All women inter
ested should report at the range he
low the Administration Building
next Monday night at 8 o'clock.
Six weather bifreaus and two
army and two navy radio-sound sta
tions are widely used ih determin
ing weather forecasts in the United
States.
Plans for the Rifle Club picnic, to
be held at Santa Cruz on May 21,
were discussed last night at the
regular meeting of the club. All
members who wish to go should at
tend next Wednesday's meeting and
sign up.
The varsity teams are continuing
intercollegiate matches, the men
firing against Dartmouth this week.
The Women's Rifle team is contin
uing practice and. acocrding to the
new manager, Jean Bryant, there is
room for new members, especially
lower classmen. All women inter
ested should report at the range he
low the Administration Building
next Monday night at 8 o'clock.
Six weather bifreaus and two
army and two navy radio-sound sta
tions are widely used ih determin
ing weather forecasts in the United
States.
Plans for the Rifle Club picnic, to
be held at Santa Cruz on May 21,
were discussed last night at the
regular meeting of the club. All
members who wish to go should at
tend next Wednesday's meeting and
sign up.
The varsity teams are continuing
intercollegiate matches, the men
firing against Dartmouth this week.
The Women's Rifle team is contin
uing practice and. acocrding to the
new manager, Jean Bryant, there is
room for new members, especially
lower classmen. All women inter
ested should report at the range he
low the Administration Building
next Monday night at 8 o'clock.
Six weather bifreaus and two
army and two navy radio-sound sta
tions are widely used ih determin
ing weather forecasts in the United
States.
Plans for the Rifle Club picnic, to
be held at Santa Cruz on May 21,
were discussed last night at the
regular meeting of the club. All
members who wish to go should at
tend next Wednesday's meeting and
sign up.
The varsity teams are continuing
intercollegiate matches, the men
firing against Dartmouth this week.
The Women's Rifle team is contin
uing practice and. acocrding to the
new manager, Jean Bryant, there is
room for new members, especially
lower classmen. All women inter
ested should report at the range he
low the Administration Building
next Monday night at 8 o'clock.
Six weather bifreaus and two
army and two navy radio-sound sta
tions are widely used ih determin
ing weather forecasts in the United
States.
Plans for the Rifle Club picnic, to
be held at Santa Cruz on May 21,
were discussed last night at the
regular meeting of the club. All
members who wish to go should at
tend next Wednesday's meeting and
sign up.
The varsity teams are continuing
intercollegiate matches, the men
firing against Dartmouth this week.
The Women's Rifle team is contin
uing practice and. acocrding to the
new manager, Jean Bryant, there is
room for new members, especially
lower classmen. All women inter
ested should report at the range he
low the Administration Building
next Monday night at 8 o'clock.
Six weather bifreaus and two
army and two navy radio-sound sta
tions are widely used ih determin
ing weather forecasts in the United
States.
