# PHILOLOGICAL MEETING
## 
### 
A philological meeting will be held
at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
Women's Clubhouse. Curil Bryner,
assistant in the Slavic language de
partment, will speak on "Alexei
Honyakof and Russian Nationalist
Literature." William Irvine, in
structor in English, will speak 011
"Walter Bagehot as a Literary
Critic."
A philological meeting will be held
at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
Women's Clubhouse. Curil Bryner,
assistant in the Slavic language de
partment, will speak on "Alexei
Honyakof and Russian Nationalist
Literature." William Irvine, in
structor in English, will speak 011
"Walter Bagehot as a Literary
Critic."
A philological meeting will be held
at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
Women's Clubhouse. Curil Bryner,
assistant in the Slavic language de
partment, will speak on "Alexei
Honyakof and Russian Nationalist
Literature." William Irvine, in
structor in English, will speak 011
"Walter Bagehot as a Literary
Critic."
A philological meeting will be held
at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
Women's Clubhouse. Curil Bryner,
assistant in the Slavic language de
partment, will speak on "Alexei
Honyakof and Russian Nationalist
Literature." William Irvine, in
structor in English, will speak 011
"Walter Bagehot as a Literary
Critic."
A philological meeting will be held
at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
Women's Clubhouse. Curil Bryner,
assistant in the Slavic language de
partment, will speak on "Alexei
Honyakof and Russian Nationalist
Literature." William Irvine, in
structor in English, will speak 011
"Walter Bagehot as a Literary
Critic."
A philological meeting will be held
at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
Women's Clubhouse. Curil Bryner,
assistant in the Slavic language de
partment, will speak on "Alexei
Honyakof and Russian Nationalist
Literature." William Irvine, in
structor in English, will speak 011
"Walter Bagehot as a Literary
Critic."
A philological meeting will be held
at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
Women's Clubhouse. Curil Bryner,
assistant in the Slavic language de
partment, will speak on "Alexei
Honyakof and Russian Nationalist
Literature." William Irvine, in
structor in English, will speak 011
"Walter Bagehot as a Literary
Critic."
A philological meeting will be held
at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
Women's Clubhouse. Curil Bryner,
assistant in the Slavic language de
partment, will speak on "Alexei
Honyakof and Russian Nationalist
Literature." William Irvine, in
structor in English, will speak 011
"Walter Bagehot as a Literary
Critic."
A philological meeting will be held
at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
Women's Clubhouse. Curil Bryner,
assistant in the Slavic language de
partment, will speak on "Alexei
Honyakof and Russian Nationalist
Literature." William Irvine, in
structor in English, will speak 011
"Walter Bagehot as a Literary
Critic."
A philological meeting will be held
at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
Women's Clubhouse. Curil Bryner,
assistant in the Slavic language de
partment, will speak on "Alexei
Honyakof and Russian Nationalist
Literature." William Irvine, in
structor in English, will speak 011
"Walter Bagehot as a Literary
Critic."
A philological meeting will be held
at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
Women's Clubhouse. Curil Bryner,
assistant in the Slavic language de
partment, will speak on "Alexei
Honyakof and Russian Nationalist
Literature." William Irvine, in
structor in English, will speak 011
"Walter Bagehot as a Literary
Critic."
A philological meeting will be held
at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
Women's Clubhouse. Curil Bryner,
assistant in the Slavic language de
partment, will speak on "Alexei
Honyakof and Russian Nationalist
Literature." William Irvine, in
structor in English, will speak 011
"Walter Bagehot as a Literary
Critic."
A philological meeting will be held
at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
Women's Clubhouse. Curil Bryner,
assistant in the Slavic language de
partment, will speak on "Alexei
Honyakof and Russian Nationalist
Literature." William Irvine, in
structor in English, will speak 011
"Walter Bagehot as a Literary
Critic."
A philological meeting will be held
at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
Women's Clubhouse. Curil Bryner,
assistant in the Slavic language de
partment, will speak on "Alexei
Honyakof and Russian Nationalist
Literature." William Irvine, in
structor in English, will speak 011
"Walter Bagehot as a Literary
Critic."
A philological meeting will be held
at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
Women's Clubhouse. Curil Bryner,
assistant in the Slavic language de
partment, will speak on "Alexei
Honyakof and Russian Nationalist
Literature." William Irvine, in
structor in English, will speak 011
"Walter Bagehot as a Literary
Critic."
A philological meeting will be held
at 4:15 o'clock this afternoon in the
Women's Clubhouse. Curil Bryner,
assistant in the Slavic language de
partment, will speak on "Alexei
Honyakof and Russian Nationalist
Literature." William Irvine, in
structor in English, will speak 011
"Walter Bagehot as a Literary
Critic."
