# MEMORIAL SERVICE
## 
### 
A musical service in memory of I
Alice D. Washington, mother of A.s- !
sistant Professor Laurence Washing
ton of the mechanical engineering
department, will be held in the Me
morial Church at 1 o'clock on Sat
urday, April 29.
A musical service in memory of I
Alice D. Washington, mother of A.s- !
sistant Professor Laurence Washing
ton of the mechanical engineering
department, will be held in the Me
morial Church at 1 o'clock on Sat
urday, April 29.
A musical service in memory of I
Alice D. Washington, mother of A.s- !
sistant Professor Laurence Washing
ton of the mechanical engineering
department, will be held in the Me
morial Church at 1 o'clock on Sat
urday, April 29.
A musical service in memory of I
Alice D. Washington, mother of A.s- !
sistant Professor Laurence Washing
ton of the mechanical engineering
department, will be held in the Me
morial Church at 1 o'clock on Sat
urday, April 29.
A musical service in memory of I
Alice D. Washington, mother of A.s- !
sistant Professor Laurence Washing
ton of the mechanical engineering
department, will be held in the Me
morial Church at 1 o'clock on Sat
urday, April 29.
A musical service in memory of I
Alice D. Washington, mother of A.s- !
sistant Professor Laurence Washing
ton of the mechanical engineering
department, will be held in the Me
morial Church at 1 o'clock on Sat
urday, April 29.
A musical service in memory of I
Alice D. Washington, mother of A.s- !
sistant Professor Laurence Washing
ton of the mechanical engineering
department, will be held in the Me
morial Church at 1 o'clock on Sat
urday, April 29.
A musical service in memory of I
Alice D. Washington, mother of A.s- !
sistant Professor Laurence Washing
ton of the mechanical engineering
department, will be held in the Me
morial Church at 1 o'clock on Sat
urday, April 29.
A musical service in memory of I
Alice D. Washington, mother of A.s- !
sistant Professor Laurence Washing
ton of the mechanical engineering
department, will be held in the Me
morial Church at 1 o'clock on Sat
urday, April 29.
A musical service in memory of I
Alice D. Washington, mother of A.s- !
sistant Professor Laurence Washing
ton of the mechanical engineering
department, will be held in the Me
morial Church at 1 o'clock on Sat
urday, April 29.
A musical service in memory of I
Alice D. Washington, mother of A.s- !
sistant Professor Laurence Washing
ton of the mechanical engineering
department, will be held in the Me
morial Church at 1 o'clock on Sat
urday, April 29.
A musical service in memory of I
Alice D. Washington, mother of A.s- !
sistant Professor Laurence Washing
ton of the mechanical engineering
department, will be held in the Me
morial Church at 1 o'clock on Sat
urday, April 29.
A musical service in memory of I
Alice D. Washington, mother of A.s- !
sistant Professor Laurence Washing
ton of the mechanical engineering
department, will be held in the Me
morial Church at 1 o'clock on Sat
urday, April 29.
A musical service in memory of I
Alice D. Washington, mother of A.s- !
sistant Professor Laurence Washing
ton of the mechanical engineering
department, will be held in the Me
morial Church at 1 o'clock on Sat
urday, April 29.
A musical service in memory of I
Alice D. Washington, mother of A.s- !
sistant Professor Laurence Washing
ton of the mechanical engineering
department, will be held in the Me
morial Church at 1 o'clock on Sat
urday, April 29.
A musical service in memory of I
Alice D. Washington, mother of A.s- !
sistant Professor Laurence Washing
ton of the mechanical engineering
department, will be held in the Me
morial Church at 1 o'clock on Sat
urday, April 29.
