# Fishes from China.
## 
### 
Noah F. Drake, Ph.D. '1)7, who
went to China last year to become
professor of geology in the Govern
ment Polytechnic College at Tien-
Tsen, has sent the Zoology depart
ment a large and interesting col
lection of fresh-water fishes. The
collection comprises about 800
specimens and it is likely that it
contains about twenty new species.
Noah F. Drake, Ph.D. '1)7, who
went to China last year to become
professor of geology in the Govern
ment Polytechnic College at Tien-
Tsen, has sent the Zoology depart
ment a large and interesting col
lection of fresh-water fishes. The
collection comprises about 800
specimens and it is likely that it
contains about twenty new species.
Noah F. Drake, Ph.D. '1)7, who
went to China last year to become
professor of geology in the Govern
ment Polytechnic College at Tien-
Tsen, has sent the Zoology depart
ment a large and interesting col
lection of fresh-water fishes. The
collection comprises about 800
specimens and it is likely that it
contains about twenty new species.
Noah F. Drake, Ph.D. '1)7, who
went to China last year to become
professor of geology in the Govern
ment Polytechnic College at Tien-
Tsen, has sent the Zoology depart
ment a large and interesting col
lection of fresh-water fishes. The
collection comprises about 800
specimens and it is likely that it
contains about twenty new species.
Noah F. Drake, Ph.D. '1)7, who
went to China last year to become
professor of geology in the Govern
ment Polytechnic College at Tien-
Tsen, has sent the Zoology depart
ment a large and interesting col
lection of fresh-water fishes. The
collection comprises about 800
specimens and it is likely that it
contains about twenty new species.
Noah F. Drake, Ph.D. '1)7, who
went to China last year to become
professor of geology in the Govern
ment Polytechnic College at Tien-
Tsen, has sent the Zoology depart
ment a large and interesting col
lection of fresh-water fishes. The
collection comprises about 800
specimens and it is likely that it
contains about twenty new species.
