# Zoology Club.
## 
### 
The Zooiogy Club met at the
home of Dr. Gilbert hist evening.
A. \V\ Greeley,'9B, gave a very in
teresting talk on "Tide Pool Fishes
of the Pacific Coast," which em
bodied the results of his own col
lecting trips along the coast from
Monterey to San Francisco during
the past year. The fishes differ
from the fish of the open sea in be
ing almost devoid of scales. Many
of them are highly colored in har
mony with the seaweeds of the
pools. The Pacific coast furnishes
a large number of forms, especially
in the vicinity <>112 Monterey and
Puget Sound. During the course
of his talk, Mr. Greeley exhibited
specimens of all species collected
on this coast, several new species
being included.
