# Intramural Golf Tourney To Be Held At Beresford
## 
### 
Beresford Country Club has been |
secured as the site of the annual in
tramural golf tournament. The quali
fying round, 36 holes medal play, will
commence Monday and extend through
Tuesday. Golf managers will be on j
hand and foursomes may play their j
round whenever the course is free on |
these two days.
Beresford Country Club has been |
secured as the site of the annual in
tramural golf tournament. The quali
fying round, 36 holes medal play, will
commence Monday and extend through
Tuesday. Golf managers will be on j
hand and foursomes may play their j
round whenever the course is free on |
these two days.
Beresford Country Club has been |
secured as the site of the annual in
tramural golf tournament. The quali
fying round, 36 holes medal play, will
commence Monday and extend through
Tuesday. Golf managers will be on j
hand and foursomes may play their j
round whenever the course is free on |
these two days.
Beresford Country Club has been |
secured as the site of the annual in
tramural golf tournament. The quali
fying round, 36 holes medal play, will
commence Monday and extend through
Tuesday. Golf managers will be on j
hand and foursomes may play their j
round whenever the course is free on |
these two days.
Beresford Country Club has been |
secured as the site of the annual in
tramural golf tournament. The quali
fying round, 36 holes medal play, will
commence Monday and extend through
Tuesday. Golf managers will be on j
hand and foursomes may play their j
round whenever the course is free on |
these two days.
Beresford Country Club has been |
secured as the site of the annual in
tramural golf tournament. The quali
fying round, 36 holes medal play, will
commence Monday and extend through
Tuesday. Golf managers will be on j
hand and foursomes may play their j
round whenever the course is free on |
these two days.
Beresford Country Club has been |
secured as the site of the annual in
tramural golf tournament. The quali
fying round, 36 holes medal play, will
commence Monday and extend through
Tuesday. Golf managers will be on j
hand and foursomes may play their j
round whenever the course is free on |
these two days.
Beresford Country Club has been |
secured as the site of the annual in
tramural golf tournament. The quali
fying round, 36 holes medal play, will
commence Monday and extend through
Tuesday. Golf managers will be on j
hand and foursomes may play their j
round whenever the course is free on |
these two days.
Beresford Country Club has been |
secured as the site of the annual in
tramural golf tournament. The quali
fying round, 36 holes medal play, will
commence Monday and extend through
Tuesday. Golf managers will be on j
hand and foursomes may play their j
round whenever the course is free on |
these two days.
Beresford Country Club has been |
secured as the site of the annual in
tramural golf tournament. The quali
fying round, 36 holes medal play, will
commence Monday and extend through
Tuesday. Golf managers will be on j
hand and foursomes may play their j
round whenever the course is free on |
these two days.
Beresford Country Club has been |
secured as the site of the annual in
tramural golf tournament. The quali
fying round, 36 holes medal play, will
commence Monday and extend through
Tuesday. Golf managers will be on j
hand and foursomes may play their j
round whenever the course is free on |
these two days.
Beresford Country Club has been |
secured as the site of the annual in
tramural golf tournament. The quali
fying round, 36 holes medal play, will
commence Monday and extend through
Tuesday. Golf managers will be on j
hand and foursomes may play their j
round whenever the course is free on |
these two days.
Beresford Country Club has been |
secured as the site of the annual in
tramural golf tournament. The quali
fying round, 36 holes medal play, will
commence Monday and extend through
Tuesday. Golf managers will be on j
hand and foursomes may play their j
round whenever the course is free on |
these two days.
Beresford Country Club has been |
secured as the site of the annual in
tramural golf tournament. The quali
fying round, 36 holes medal play, will
commence Monday and extend through
Tuesday. Golf managers will be on j
hand and foursomes may play their j
round whenever the course is free on |
these two days.
Beresford Country Club has been |
secured as the site of the annual in
tramural golf tournament. The quali
fying round, 36 holes medal play, will
commence Monday and extend through
Tuesday. Golf managers will be on j
hand and foursomes may play their j
round whenever the course is free on |
these two days.
Beresford Country Club has been |
secured as the site of the annual in
tramural golf tournament. The quali
fying round, 36 holes medal play, will
commence Monday and extend through
Tuesday. Golf managers will be on j
hand and foursomes may play their j
round whenever the course is free on |
these two days.
Beresford Country Club has been |
secured as the site of the annual in
tramural golf tournament. The quali
fying round, 36 holes medal play, will
commence Monday and extend through
Tuesday. Golf managers will be on j
hand and foursomes may play their j
round whenever the course is free on |
these two days.
