# ADDRESSES FARM MEET
## 
### 
REDDING, Oct. 15. (>P) —Unity, con
servatism, and unselfishness are the
only means of success in agriculture,
I George H. Hecke, director of the De
partment of Agriculture, said today
in an address at the State Grange.
REDDING, Oct. 15. (>P) —Unity, con
servatism, and unselfishness are the
only means of success in agriculture,
I George H. Hecke, director of the De
partment of Agriculture, said today
in an address at the State Grange.
REDDING, Oct. 15. (>P) —Unity, con
servatism, and unselfishness are the
only means of success in agriculture,
I George H. Hecke, director of the De
partment of Agriculture, said today
in an address at the State Grange.
REDDING, Oct. 15. (>P) —Unity, con
servatism, and unselfishness are the
only means of success in agriculture,
I George H. Hecke, director of the De
partment of Agriculture, said today
in an address at the State Grange.
REDDING, Oct. 15. (>P) —Unity, con
servatism, and unselfishness are the
only means of success in agriculture,
I George H. Hecke, director of the De
partment of Agriculture, said today
in an address at the State Grange.
REDDING, Oct. 15. (>P) —Unity, con
servatism, and unselfishness are the
only means of success in agriculture,
I George H. Hecke, director of the De
partment of Agriculture, said today
in an address at the State Grange.
REDDING, Oct. 15. (>P) —Unity, con
servatism, and unselfishness are the
only means of success in agriculture,
I George H. Hecke, director of the De
partment of Agriculture, said today
in an address at the State Grange.
REDDING, Oct. 15. (>P) —Unity, con
servatism, and unselfishness are the
only means of success in agriculture,
I George H. Hecke, director of the De
partment of Agriculture, said today
in an address at the State Grange.
REDDING, Oct. 15. (>P) —Unity, con
servatism, and unselfishness are the
only means of success in agriculture,
I George H. Hecke, director of the De
partment of Agriculture, said today
in an address at the State Grange.
REDDING, Oct. 15. (>P) —Unity, con
servatism, and unselfishness are the
only means of success in agriculture,
I George H. Hecke, director of the De
partment of Agriculture, said today
in an address at the State Grange.
REDDING, Oct. 15. (>P) —Unity, con
servatism, and unselfishness are the
only means of success in agriculture,
I George H. Hecke, director of the De
partment of Agriculture, said today
in an address at the State Grange.
REDDING, Oct. 15. (>P) —Unity, con
servatism, and unselfishness are the
only means of success in agriculture,
I George H. Hecke, director of the De
partment of Agriculture, said today
in an address at the State Grange.
REDDING, Oct. 15. (>P) —Unity, con
servatism, and unselfishness are the
only means of success in agriculture,
I George H. Hecke, director of the De
partment of Agriculture, said today
in an address at the State Grange.
REDDING, Oct. 15. (>P) —Unity, con
servatism, and unselfishness are the
only means of success in agriculture,
I George H. Hecke, director of the De
partment of Agriculture, said today
in an address at the State Grange.
REDDING, Oct. 15. (>P) —Unity, con
servatism, and unselfishness are the
only means of success in agriculture,
I George H. Hecke, director of the De
partment of Agriculture, said today
in an address at the State Grange.
REDDING, Oct. 15. (>P) —Unity, con
servatism, and unselfishness are the
only means of success in agriculture,
I George H. Hecke, director of the De
partment of Agriculture, said today
in an address at the State Grange.
REDDING, Oct. 15. (>P) —Unity, con
servatism, and unselfishness are the
only means of success in agriculture,
I George H. Hecke, director of the De
partment of Agriculture, said today
in an address at the State Grange.
