# UNIVERSITY IMPROVES SEARSVILLE LAKE AT 25,000-DOLLAR COST
## Dike To Be Erected; Slough Dredged of All Growth; Roadway Built 
### 
Searsville Lake, swimming hole of
Stanford students, is being improved
by the University, at a cost of ap
proximately $25,000. Plans for the
beautification include a dike at the
south end of the lake, across the
slough. The slough is to be dredged
of all growth, and the dike will keep
growth out of the main portion of the
lake.
In addition, a roadway is to be
built across the dike, leading into the
hills above the lake, to a point where
a wide view of the surrounding coun
try may be had. Six islands are to be
built in the lake, south of the dike,
and a spillway will connect the divi
sion of the lake.
According to J. W. McDonnell, en
gineer in charge of construction, the
plans when carried out, will make
Searsville one of the most beautiful
recreational centers of Northern Cali
fornia. While the capacity of the lake
will not be increased by the dredging,
it will prevent further filling of the
lake.
Searsville Lake, swimming hole of
Stanford students, is being improved
by the University, at a cost of ap
proximately $25,000. Plans for the
beautification include a dike at the
south end of the lake, across the
slough. The slough is to be dredged
of all growth, and the dike will keep
growth out of the main portion of the
lake.
In addition, a roadway is to be
built across the dike, leading into the
hills above the lake, to a point where
a wide view of the surrounding coun
try may be had. Six islands are to be
built in the lake, south of the dike,
and a spillway will connect the divi
sion of the lake.
According to J. W. McDonnell, en
gineer in charge of construction, the
plans when carried out, will make
Searsville one of the most beautiful
recreational centers of Northern Cali
fornia. While the capacity of the lake
will not be increased by the dredging,
it will prevent further filling of the
lake.
Searsville Lake, swimming hole of
Stanford students, is being improved
by the University, at a cost of ap
proximately $25,000. Plans for the
beautification include a dike at the
south end of the lake, across the
slough. The slough is to be dredged
of all growth, and the dike will keep
growth out of the main portion of the
lake.
In addition, a roadway is to be
built across the dike, leading into the
hills above the lake, to a point where
a wide view of the surrounding coun
try may be had. Six islands are to be
built in the lake, south of the dike,
and a spillway will connect the divi
sion of the lake.
According to J. W. McDonnell, en
gineer in charge of construction, the
plans when carried out, will make
Searsville one of the most beautiful
recreational centers of Northern Cali
fornia. While the capacity of the lake
will not be increased by the dredging,
it will prevent further filling of the
lake.
Searsville Lake, swimming hole of
Stanford students, is being improved
by the University, at a cost of ap
proximately $25,000. Plans for the
beautification include a dike at the
south end of the lake, across the
slough. The slough is to be dredged
of all growth, and the dike will keep
growth out of the main portion of the
lake.
In addition, a roadway is to be
built across the dike, leading into the
hills above the lake, to a point where
a wide view of the surrounding coun
try may be had. Six islands are to be
built in the lake, south of the dike,
and a spillway will connect the divi
sion of the lake.
According to J. W. McDonnell, en
gineer in charge of construction, the
plans when carried out, will make
Searsville one of the most beautiful
recreational centers of Northern Cali
fornia. While the capacity of the lake
will not be increased by the dredging,
it will prevent further filling of the
lake.
Searsville Lake, swimming hole of
Stanford students, is being improved
by the University, at a cost of ap
proximately $25,000. Plans for the
beautification include a dike at the
south end of the lake, across the
slough. The slough is to be dredged
of all growth, and the dike will keep
growth out of the main portion of the
lake.
In addition, a roadway is to be
built across the dike, leading into the
hills above the lake, to a point where
a wide view of the surrounding coun
try may be had. Six islands are to be
built in the lake, south of the dike,
and a spillway will connect the divi
sion of the lake.
According to J. W. McDonnell, en
gineer in charge of construction, the
plans when carried out, will make
Searsville one of the most beautiful
recreational centers of Northern Cali
fornia. While the capacity of the lake
will not be increased by the dredging,
it will prevent further filling of the
lake.
Searsville Lake, swimming hole of
Stanford students, is being improved
by the University, at a cost of ap
proximately $25,000. Plans for the
beautification include a dike at the
south end of the lake, across the
slough. The slough is to be dredged
of all growth, and the dike will keep
growth out of the main portion of the
lake.
In addition, a roadway is to be
built across the dike, leading into the
hills above the lake, to a point where
a wide view of the surrounding coun
try may be had. Six islands are to be
built in the lake, south of the dike,
and a spillway will connect the divi
sion of the lake.
According to J. W. McDonnell, en
gineer in charge of construction, the
plans when carried out, will make
Searsville one of the most beautiful
recreational centers of Northern Cali
fornia. While the capacity of the lake
will not be increased by the dredging,
it will prevent further filling of the
lake.
Searsville Lake, swimming hole of
Stanford students, is being improved
by the University, at a cost of ap
proximately $25,000. Plans for the
beautification include a dike at the
south end of the lake, across the
slough. The slough is to be dredged
of all growth, and the dike will keep
growth out of the main portion of the
lake.
In addition, a roadway is to be
built across the dike, leading into the
hills above the lake, to a point where
a wide view of the surrounding coun
try may be had. Six islands are to be
built in the lake, south of the dike,
and a spillway will connect the divi
sion of the lake.
According to J. W. McDonnell, en
gineer in charge of construction, the
plans when carried out, will make
Searsville one of the most beautiful
recreational centers of Northern Cali
fornia. While the capacity of the lake
will not be increased by the dredging,
it will prevent further filling of the
lake.
Searsville Lake, swimming hole of
Stanford students, is being improved
by the University, at a cost of ap
proximately $25,000. Plans for the
beautification include a dike at the
south end of the lake, across the
slough. The slough is to be dredged
of all growth, and the dike will keep
growth out of the main portion of the
lake.
In addition, a roadway is to be
built across the dike, leading into the
hills above the lake, to a point where
a wide view of the surrounding coun
try may be had. Six islands are to be
built in the lake, south of the dike,
and a spillway will connect the divi
sion of the lake.
According to J. W. McDonnell, en
gineer in charge of construction, the
plans when carried out, will make
Searsville one of the most beautiful
recreational centers of Northern Cali
fornia. While the capacity of the lake
will not be increased by the dredging,
it will prevent further filling of the
lake.
Searsville Lake, swimming hole of
Stanford students, is being improved
by the University, at a cost of ap
proximately $25,000. Plans for the
beautification include a dike at the
south end of the lake, across the
slough. The slough is to be dredged
of all growth, and the dike will keep
growth out of the main portion of the
lake.
In addition, a roadway is to be
built across the dike, leading into the
hills above the lake, to a point where
a wide view of the surrounding coun
try may be had. Six islands are to be
built in the lake, south of the dike,
and a spillway will connect the divi
sion of the lake.
According to J. W. McDonnell, en
gineer in charge of construction, the
plans when carried out, will make
Searsville one of the most beautiful
recreational centers of Northern Cali
fornia. While the capacity of the lake
will not be increased by the dredging,
it will prevent further filling of the
lake.
Searsville Lake, swimming hole of
Stanford students, is being improved
by the University, at a cost of ap
proximately $25,000. Plans for the
beautification include a dike at the
south end of the lake, across the
slough. The slough is to be dredged
of all growth, and the dike will keep
growth out of the main portion of the
lake.
In addition, a roadway is to be
built across the dike, leading into the
hills above the lake, to a point where
a wide view of the surrounding coun
try may be had. Six islands are to be
built in the lake, south of the dike,
and a spillway will connect the divi
sion of the lake.
According to J. W. McDonnell, en
gineer in charge of construction, the
plans when carried out, will make
Searsville one of the most beautiful
recreational centers of Northern Cali
fornia. While the capacity of the lake
will not be increased by the dredging,
it will prevent further filling of the
lake.
Searsville Lake, swimming hole of
Stanford students, is being improved
by the University, at a cost of ap
proximately $25,000. Plans for the
beautification include a dike at the
south end of the lake, across the
slough. The slough is to be dredged
of all growth, and the dike will keep
growth out of the main portion of the
lake.
In addition, a roadway is to be
built across the dike, leading into the
hills above the lake, to a point where
a wide view of the surrounding coun
try may be had. Six islands are to be
built in the lake, south of the dike,
and a spillway will connect the divi
sion of the lake.
According to J. W. McDonnell, en
gineer in charge of construction, the
plans when carried out, will make
Searsville one of the most beautiful
recreational centers of Northern Cali
fornia. While the capacity of the lake
will not be increased by the dredging,
it will prevent further filling of the
lake.
Searsville Lake, swimming hole of
Stanford students, is being improved
by the University, at a cost of ap
proximately $25,000. Plans for the
beautification include a dike at the
south end of the lake, across the
slough. The slough is to be dredged
of all growth, and the dike will keep
growth out of the main portion of the
lake.
In addition, a roadway is to be
built across the dike, leading into the
hills above the lake, to a point where
a wide view of the surrounding coun
try may be had. Six islands are to be
built in the lake, south of the dike,
and a spillway will connect the divi
sion of the lake.
According to J. W. McDonnell, en
gineer in charge of construction, the
plans when carried out, will make
Searsville one of the most beautiful
recreational centers of Northern Cali
fornia. While the capacity of the lake
will not be increased by the dredging,
it will prevent further filling of the
lake.
Searsville Lake, swimming hole of
Stanford students, is being improved
by the University, at a cost of ap
proximately $25,000. Plans for the
beautification include a dike at the
south end of the lake, across the
slough. The slough is to be dredged
of all growth, and the dike will keep
growth out of the main portion of the
lake.
In addition, a roadway is to be
built across the dike, leading into the
hills above the lake, to a point where
a wide view of the surrounding coun
try may be had. Six islands are to be
built in the lake, south of the dike,
and a spillway will connect the divi
sion of the lake.
According to J. W. McDonnell, en
gineer in charge of construction, the
plans when carried out, will make
Searsville one of the most beautiful
recreational centers of Northern Cali
fornia. While the capacity of the lake
will not be increased by the dredging,
it will prevent further filling of the
lake.
Searsville Lake, swimming hole of
Stanford students, is being improved
by the University, at a cost of ap
proximately $25,000. Plans for the
beautification include a dike at the
south end of the lake, across the
slough. The slough is to be dredged
of all growth, and the dike will keep
growth out of the main portion of the
lake.
In addition, a roadway is to be
built across the dike, leading into the
hills above the lake, to a point where
a wide view of the surrounding coun
try may be had. Six islands are to be
built in the lake, south of the dike,
and a spillway will connect the divi
sion of the lake.
According to J. W. McDonnell, en
gineer in charge of construction, the
plans when carried out, will make
Searsville one of the most beautiful
recreational centers of Northern Cali
fornia. While the capacity of the lake
will not be increased by the dredging,
it will prevent further filling of the
lake.
Searsville Lake, swimming hole of
Stanford students, is being improved
by the University, at a cost of ap
proximately $25,000. Plans for the
beautification include a dike at the
south end of the lake, across the
slough. The slough is to be dredged
of all growth, and the dike will keep
growth out of the main portion of the
lake.
In addition, a roadway is to be
built across the dike, leading into the
hills above the lake, to a point where
a wide view of the surrounding coun
try may be had. Six islands are to be
built in the lake, south of the dike,
and a spillway will connect the divi
sion of the lake.
According to J. W. McDonnell, en
gineer in charge of construction, the
plans when carried out, will make
Searsville one of the most beautiful
recreational centers of Northern Cali
fornia. While the capacity of the lake
will not be increased by the dredging,
it will prevent further filling of the
lake.
Searsville Lake, swimming hole of
Stanford students, is being improved
by the University, at a cost of ap
proximately $25,000. Plans for the
beautification include a dike at the
south end of the lake, across the
slough. The slough is to be dredged
of all growth, and the dike will keep
growth out of the main portion of the
lake.
In addition, a roadway is to be
built across the dike, leading into the
hills above the lake, to a point where
a wide view of the surrounding coun
try may be had. Six islands are to be
built in the lake, south of the dike,
and a spillway will connect the divi
sion of the lake.
According to J. W. McDonnell, en
gineer in charge of construction, the
plans when carried out, will make
Searsville one of the most beautiful
recreational centers of Northern Cali
fornia. While the capacity of the lake
will not be increased by the dredging,
it will prevent further filling of the
lake.
Searsville Lake, swimming hole of
Stanford students, is being improved
by the University, at a cost of ap
proximately $25,000. Plans for the
beautification include a dike at the
south end of the lake, across the
slough. The slough is to be dredged
of all growth, and the dike will keep
growth out of the main portion of the
lake.
In addition, a roadway is to be
built across the dike, leading into the
hills above the lake, to a point where
a wide view of the surrounding coun
try may be had. Six islands are to be
built in the lake, south of the dike,
and a spillway will connect the divi
sion of the lake.
According to J. W. McDonnell, en
gineer in charge of construction, the
plans when carried out, will make
Searsville one of the most beautiful
recreational centers of Northern Cali
fornia. While the capacity of the lake
will not be increased by the dredging,
it will prevent further filling of the
lake.
