# Adams Elected Rifle Club Head For Autumn Quarter
## 
### 
Henry Adams was elected fall-quar
ter president of the Stanford Rifle
Club at a meeting last night. Other
officers chosen are: vice-president,
Parker Holt; secretary-treasurer, Mer
rill Morehouse; executive officer, Ed
ward Field.
It was decided at the meeting that
the shooting gallery of the club, lo
cated in the basement back of the As
sembly Hall, will be open to members
of the club from 2 to 4 p.m. every
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Friday. The outdoor range of the Palo
Alto Gun Club near Mayfield is also
available for the use of members.
Henry Adams was elected fall-quar
ter president of the Stanford Rifle
Club at a meeting last night. Other
officers chosen are: vice-president,
Parker Holt; secretary-treasurer, Mer
rill Morehouse; executive officer, Ed
ward Field.
It was decided at the meeting that
the shooting gallery of the club, lo
cated in the basement back of the As
sembly Hall, will be open to members
of the club from 2 to 4 p.m. every
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Friday. The outdoor range of the Palo
Alto Gun Club near Mayfield is also
available for the use of members.
Henry Adams was elected fall-quar
ter president of the Stanford Rifle
Club at a meeting last night. Other
officers chosen are: vice-president,
Parker Holt; secretary-treasurer, Mer
rill Morehouse; executive officer, Ed
ward Field.
It was decided at the meeting that
the shooting gallery of the club, lo
cated in the basement back of the As
sembly Hall, will be open to members
of the club from 2 to 4 p.m. every
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Friday. The outdoor range of the Palo
Alto Gun Club near Mayfield is also
available for the use of members.
Henry Adams was elected fall-quar
ter president of the Stanford Rifle
Club at a meeting last night. Other
officers chosen are: vice-president,
Parker Holt; secretary-treasurer, Mer
rill Morehouse; executive officer, Ed
ward Field.
It was decided at the meeting that
the shooting gallery of the club, lo
cated in the basement back of the As
sembly Hall, will be open to members
of the club from 2 to 4 p.m. every
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Friday. The outdoor range of the Palo
Alto Gun Club near Mayfield is also
available for the use of members.
Henry Adams was elected fall-quar
ter president of the Stanford Rifle
Club at a meeting last night. Other
officers chosen are: vice-president,
Parker Holt; secretary-treasurer, Mer
rill Morehouse; executive officer, Ed
ward Field.
It was decided at the meeting that
the shooting gallery of the club, lo
cated in the basement back of the As
sembly Hall, will be open to members
of the club from 2 to 4 p.m. every
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Friday. The outdoor range of the Palo
Alto Gun Club near Mayfield is also
available for the use of members.
Henry Adams was elected fall-quar
ter president of the Stanford Rifle
Club at a meeting last night. Other
officers chosen are: vice-president,
Parker Holt; secretary-treasurer, Mer
rill Morehouse; executive officer, Ed
ward Field.
It was decided at the meeting that
the shooting gallery of the club, lo
cated in the basement back of the As
sembly Hall, will be open to members
of the club from 2 to 4 p.m. every
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Friday. The outdoor range of the Palo
Alto Gun Club near Mayfield is also
available for the use of members.
Henry Adams was elected fall-quar
ter president of the Stanford Rifle
Club at a meeting last night. Other
officers chosen are: vice-president,
Parker Holt; secretary-treasurer, Mer
rill Morehouse; executive officer, Ed
ward Field.
It was decided at the meeting that
the shooting gallery of the club, lo
cated in the basement back of the As
sembly Hall, will be open to members
of the club from 2 to 4 p.m. every
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Friday. The outdoor range of the Palo
Alto Gun Club near Mayfield is also
available for the use of members.
Henry Adams was elected fall-quar
ter president of the Stanford Rifle
Club at a meeting last night. Other
officers chosen are: vice-president,
Parker Holt; secretary-treasurer, Mer
rill Morehouse; executive officer, Ed
ward Field.
It was decided at the meeting that
the shooting gallery of the club, lo
cated in the basement back of the As
sembly Hall, will be open to members
of the club from 2 to 4 p.m. every
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Friday. The outdoor range of the Palo
Alto Gun Club near Mayfield is also
available for the use of members.
Henry Adams was elected fall-quar
ter president of the Stanford Rifle
Club at a meeting last night. Other
officers chosen are: vice-president,
Parker Holt; secretary-treasurer, Mer
rill Morehouse; executive officer, Ed
ward Field.
It was decided at the meeting that
the shooting gallery of the club, lo
cated in the basement back of the As
sembly Hall, will be open to members
of the club from 2 to 4 p.m. every
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Friday. The outdoor range of the Palo
Alto Gun Club near Mayfield is also
available for the use of members.
Henry Adams was elected fall-quar
ter president of the Stanford Rifle
Club at a meeting last night. Other
officers chosen are: vice-president,
Parker Holt; secretary-treasurer, Mer
rill Morehouse; executive officer, Ed
ward Field.
It was decided at the meeting that
the shooting gallery of the club, lo
cated in the basement back of the As
sembly Hall, will be open to members
of the club from 2 to 4 p.m. every
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Friday. The outdoor range of the Palo
Alto Gun Club near Mayfield is also
available for the use of members.
Henry Adams was elected fall-quar
ter president of the Stanford Rifle
Club at a meeting last night. Other
officers chosen are: vice-president,
Parker Holt; secretary-treasurer, Mer
rill Morehouse; executive officer, Ed
ward Field.
It was decided at the meeting that
the shooting gallery of the club, lo
cated in the basement back of the As
sembly Hall, will be open to members
of the club from 2 to 4 p.m. every
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Friday. The outdoor range of the Palo
Alto Gun Club near Mayfield is also
available for the use of members.
Henry Adams was elected fall-quar
ter president of the Stanford Rifle
Club at a meeting last night. Other
officers chosen are: vice-president,
Parker Holt; secretary-treasurer, Mer
rill Morehouse; executive officer, Ed
ward Field.
It was decided at the meeting that
the shooting gallery of the club, lo
cated in the basement back of the As
sembly Hall, will be open to members
of the club from 2 to 4 p.m. every
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Friday. The outdoor range of the Palo
Alto Gun Club near Mayfield is also
available for the use of members.
Henry Adams was elected fall-quar
ter president of the Stanford Rifle
Club at a meeting last night. Other
officers chosen are: vice-president,
Parker Holt; secretary-treasurer, Mer
rill Morehouse; executive officer, Ed
ward Field.
It was decided at the meeting that
the shooting gallery of the club, lo
cated in the basement back of the As
sembly Hall, will be open to members
of the club from 2 to 4 p.m. every
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Friday. The outdoor range of the Palo
Alto Gun Club near Mayfield is also
available for the use of members.
Henry Adams was elected fall-quar
ter president of the Stanford Rifle
Club at a meeting last night. Other
officers chosen are: vice-president,
Parker Holt; secretary-treasurer, Mer
rill Morehouse; executive officer, Ed
ward Field.
It was decided at the meeting that
the shooting gallery of the club, lo
cated in the basement back of the As
sembly Hall, will be open to members
of the club from 2 to 4 p.m. every
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Friday. The outdoor range of the Palo
Alto Gun Club near Mayfield is also
available for the use of members.
Henry Adams was elected fall-quar
ter president of the Stanford Rifle
Club at a meeting last night. Other
officers chosen are: vice-president,
Parker Holt; secretary-treasurer, Mer
rill Morehouse; executive officer, Ed
ward Field.
It was decided at the meeting that
the shooting gallery of the club, lo
cated in the basement back of the As
sembly Hall, will be open to members
of the club from 2 to 4 p.m. every
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Friday. The outdoor range of the Palo
Alto Gun Club near Mayfield is also
available for the use of members.
Henry Adams was elected fall-quar
ter president of the Stanford Rifle
Club at a meeting last night. Other
officers chosen are: vice-president,
Parker Holt; secretary-treasurer, Mer
rill Morehouse; executive officer, Ed
ward Field.
It was decided at the meeting that
the shooting gallery of the club, lo
cated in the basement back of the As
sembly Hall, will be open to members
of the club from 2 to 4 p.m. every
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Friday. The outdoor range of the Palo
Alto Gun Club near Mayfield is also
available for the use of members.
Henry Adams was elected fall-quar
ter president of the Stanford Rifle
Club at a meeting last night. Other
officers chosen are: vice-president,
Parker Holt; secretary-treasurer, Mer
rill Morehouse; executive officer, Ed
ward Field.
It was decided at the meeting that
the shooting gallery of the club, lo
cated in the basement back of the As
sembly Hall, will be open to members
of the club from 2 to 4 p.m. every
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and
Friday. The outdoor range of the Palo
Alto Gun Club near Mayfield is also
available for the use of members.
