# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
Professor
discovers
perfect
love potion
After 23 years of
research, Dr. Rufus
T. Valentine, noted
romanceologist, has
discovered the perfect
love potion.
Said Dr. Valentine,
"The FTD® Sweet
heart™ Bouquet is a
perfect combination of
flowers and a heart
shaped potpourri in a
ceramic powder jar.
Lab studies have
shown it to have a
powerful, romantic
effect on both sender
and recipient.
"However;' Dr. Valen
tine warns, "the effect
seems to peak around
February 14. And you
must make sure to go
to an FTD Florist
Otherwise]' he added,
"you may find yourself
spending Valentine's
Day alone in a most
unromantic place-the
library!"
@
trademark FTDA
Professor
discovers
perfect
love potion
After 23 years of
research, Dr. Rufus
T. Valentine, noted
romanceologist, has
discovered the perfect
love potion.
Said Dr. Valentine,
"The FTD® Sweet
heart™ Bouquet is a
perfect combination of
flowers and a heart
shaped potpourri in a
ceramic powder jar.
Lab studies have
shown it to have a
powerful, romantic
effect on both sender
and recipient.
"However;' Dr. Valen
tine warns, "the effect
seems to peak around
February 14. And you
must make sure to go
to an FTD Florist
Otherwise]' he added,
"you may find yourself
spending Valentine's
Day alone in a most
unromantic place-the
library!"
@
trademark FTDA
Professor
discovers
perfect
love potion
After 23 years of
research, Dr. Rufus
T. Valentine, noted
romanceologist, has
discovered the perfect
love potion.
Said Dr. Valentine,
"The FTD® Sweet
heart™ Bouquet is a
perfect combination of
flowers and a heart
shaped potpourri in a
ceramic powder jar.
Lab studies have
shown it to have a
powerful, romantic
effect on both sender
and recipient.
"However;' Dr. Valen
tine warns, "the effect
seems to peak around
February 14. And you
must make sure to go
to an FTD Florist
Otherwise]' he added,
"you may find yourself
spending Valentine's
Day alone in a most
unromantic place-the
library!"
@
trademark FTDA
Professor
discovers
perfect
love potion
After 23 years of
research, Dr. Rufus
T. Valentine, noted
romanceologist, has
discovered the perfect
love potion.
Said Dr. Valentine,
"The FTD® Sweet
heart™ Bouquet is a
perfect combination of
flowers and a heart
shaped potpourri in a
ceramic powder jar.
Lab studies have
shown it to have a
powerful, romantic
effect on both sender
and recipient.
"However;' Dr. Valen
tine warns, "the effect
seems to peak around
February 14. And you
must make sure to go
to an FTD Florist
Otherwise]' he added,
"you may find yourself
spending Valentine's
Day alone in a most
unromantic place-the
library!"
@
trademark FTDA
Professor
discovers
perfect
love potion
After 23 years of
research, Dr. Rufus
T. Valentine, noted
romanceologist, has
discovered the perfect
love potion.
Said Dr. Valentine,
"The FTD® Sweet
heart™ Bouquet is a
perfect combination of
flowers and a heart
shaped potpourri in a
ceramic powder jar.
Lab studies have
shown it to have a
powerful, romantic
effect on both sender
and recipient.
"However;' Dr. Valen
tine warns, "the effect
seems to peak around
February 14. And you
must make sure to go
to an FTD Florist
Otherwise]' he added,
"you may find yourself
spending Valentine's
Day alone in a most
unromantic place-the
library!"
@
trademark FTDA
Professor
discovers
perfect
love potion
After 23 years of
research, Dr. Rufus
T. Valentine, noted
romanceologist, has
discovered the perfect
love potion.
Said Dr. Valentine,
"The FTD® Sweet
heart™ Bouquet is a
perfect combination of
flowers and a heart
shaped potpourri in a
ceramic powder jar.
Lab studies have
shown it to have a
powerful, romantic
effect on both sender
and recipient.
"However;' Dr. Valen
tine warns, "the effect
seems to peak around
February 14. And you
must make sure to go
to an FTD Florist
Otherwise]' he added,
"you may find yourself
spending Valentine's
Day alone in a most
unromantic place-the
library!"
@
trademark FTDA
Professor
discovers
perfect
love potion
After 23 years of
research, Dr. Rufus
T. Valentine, noted
romanceologist, has
discovered the perfect
love potion.
Said Dr. Valentine,
"The FTD® Sweet
heart™ Bouquet is a
perfect combination of
flowers and a heart
shaped potpourri in a
ceramic powder jar.
Lab studies have
shown it to have a
powerful, romantic
effect on both sender
and recipient.
"However;' Dr. Valen
tine warns, "the effect
seems to peak around
February 14. And you
must make sure to go
to an FTD Florist
Otherwise]' he added,
"you may find yourself
spending Valentine's
Day alone in a most
unromantic place-the
library!"
@
trademark FTDA
