# Officials encourage student input
## 
### MONIQUE SCHEER Staff Writer 
University and student leaders
agreed last night at the ASSU Stu
dent Forum that students should
participate more in decision
making at Stanford, but panel
members disagreed over how
much power students should have
in the policy process.
Five representatives from
various sectors of the Administra
tion and five student representa
tives from different interest
groups on campus came together
last night before a sparse audi
ence in Cubberley Auditorium.
The topic of discussion,
"Student Influence On University
Decision-Making." provoked a
number of different opinions from
members of the panel. Although
most agreed that Increased stu
dent Involvement was needed, the
differences of opinion came in a
discussion of the capacity In
which students should be in
volved and the amount of author
ity students should have in the
process.
Student leaders lamented the
University's apparent disregard of
their voices. Junior Barb Voss, a
representative from Stanford Out
of South Africa, said the Univer
sity shows a blatant "disrespect
for the will of the majority."
In response. Administration
representatives described what
they called the decentralized na
ture of University decision
making based on tne committee
system.
A student in the audience,
however, enumerated several
weaknesses in the committee sys
tem. He said students on Univer
sity committees are often unin
formed, apathetic or disregarded,
and blamed the system for
promoting consensus-building
rather than decision-making in
the committees.
Dean of Undergraduate Studies
Carolyn Lougee agreed that the
system has limitations and that
students are often not aware of
their full responsibility as mem
bers of committees, but she also
noted that student voices have
been strong in the past, often
profoundly affecting University
policy and legislative processes.
Lougee said the system often
"broke down" as a result of unfor
tunate trivial circumstances.
Several members of the panel
encouraged student involvement

on the committees, while conced
ing some drawbacks of the system
itself. "We need a better definition
of what students can or should
do" as members of the commit
tees. said Lougee.
Students have an "obligation"
to become involved in University
decision-making, said junior
Amanda Kemp, chair of the Black
Student Union, because it is the
University that influences stu
dents and "gives us the values we
should stand for."
