# Correction
## 
### 
A column in Tuesday's Dally in
correctly stated the University's
minimum wage for students. It is
*5.50 per hour.
A column in Tuesday's Dally in
correctly stated the University's
minimum wage for students. It is
*5.50 per hour.
A column in Tuesday's Dally in
correctly stated the University's
minimum wage for students. It is
*5.50 per hour.
A column in Tuesday's Dally in
correctly stated the University's
minimum wage for students. It is
*5.50 per hour.
A column in Tuesday's Dally in
correctly stated the University's
minimum wage for students. It is
*5.50 per hour.
A column in Tuesday's Dally in
correctly stated the University's
minimum wage for students. It is
*5.50 per hour.
A column in Tuesday's Dally in
correctly stated the University's
minimum wage for students. It is
*5.50 per hour.
