# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Mayfield is about to boom. This
morning's San Jose M<rcury conies
out with a whole page devoted to the
interests of Mayfield and to the ener
getic action of its improvement club
in successfully agitating the question
of having a public high school and
incorporating the town. A large
bird's eye view of the town is given
Several Stanford professors at
tended the eventful meeting in May
field last night. The necessity of
the high school as a connecting link
between the grammar school and the
University was urged as one of the
most beneficial movements to secure
the growth of the town and its de
velopment into a city of homes, such
a3 many another small town iu close
proximity to a great university has
developed into The question of in
corporation will probably soon come
before the people for their vote.
Mayfield is about to boom. This
morning's San Jose M<rcury conies
out with a whole page devoted to the
interests of Mayfield and to the ener
getic action of its improvement club
in successfully agitating the question
of having a public high school and
incorporating the town. A large
bird's eye view of the town is given
Several Stanford professors at
tended the eventful meeting in May
field last night. The necessity of
the high school as a connecting link
between the grammar school and the
University was urged as one of the
most beneficial movements to secure
the growth of the town and its de
velopment into a city of homes, such
a3 many another small town iu close
proximity to a great university has
developed into The question of in
corporation will probably soon come
before the people for their vote.
