# SC Train Tickets Held For Farm Rooters
## 
### 
Blocks i»f 100 seats on J lie Morn
ing Daylight and 225 seats on the
Starlight have been reserved for
rooters traveling to the SC game
next week.
The Daylight leaves Palo Alto
Friday morning at 7:52 a.m. and
arrives in Los Angeles at (> p.m.
The Starlight leaves Friday eve
ning at 8:5!> p.m. and arrives at
f>:4s a.m.
Return trips arc scheduled for
Sunday at 8:15 a.m. and 8:15 p.m.
Round-trip tickets are priced at
$15.5 X and may he secured at the
Southern Pacific depot in Palo
Alto.
Blocks i»f 100 seats on J lie Morn
ing Daylight and 225 seats on the
Starlight have been reserved for
rooters traveling to the SC game
next week.
The Daylight leaves Palo Alto
Friday morning at 7:52 a.m. and
arrives in Los Angeles at (> p.m.
The Starlight leaves Friday eve
ning at 8:5!> p.m. and arrives at
f>:4s a.m.
Return trips arc scheduled for
Sunday at 8:15 a.m. and 8:15 p.m.
Round-trip tickets are priced at
$15.5 X and may he secured at the
Southern Pacific depot in Palo
Alto.
Blocks i»f 100 seats on J lie Morn
ing Daylight and 225 seats on the
Starlight have been reserved for
rooters traveling to the SC game
next week.
The Daylight leaves Palo Alto
Friday morning at 7:52 a.m. and
arrives in Los Angeles at (> p.m.
The Starlight leaves Friday eve
ning at 8:5!> p.m. and arrives at
f>:4s a.m.
Return trips arc scheduled for
Sunday at 8:15 a.m. and 8:15 p.m.
Round-trip tickets are priced at
$15.5 X and may he secured at the
Southern Pacific depot in Palo
Alto.
Blocks i»f 100 seats on J lie Morn
ing Daylight and 225 seats on the
Starlight have been reserved for
rooters traveling to the SC game
next week.
The Daylight leaves Palo Alto
Friday morning at 7:52 a.m. and
arrives in Los Angeles at (> p.m.
The Starlight leaves Friday eve
ning at 8:5!> p.m. and arrives at
f>:4s a.m.
Return trips arc scheduled for
Sunday at 8:15 a.m. and 8:15 p.m.
Round-trip tickets are priced at
$15.5 X and may he secured at the
Southern Pacific depot in Palo
Alto.
Blocks i»f 100 seats on J lie Morn
ing Daylight and 225 seats on the
Starlight have been reserved for
rooters traveling to the SC game
next week.
The Daylight leaves Palo Alto
Friday morning at 7:52 a.m. and
arrives in Los Angeles at (> p.m.
The Starlight leaves Friday eve
ning at 8:5!> p.m. and arrives at
f>:4s a.m.
Return trips arc scheduled for
Sunday at 8:15 a.m. and 8:15 p.m.
Round-trip tickets are priced at
$15.5 X and may he secured at the
Southern Pacific depot in Palo
Alto.
Blocks i»f 100 seats on J lie Morn
ing Daylight and 225 seats on the
Starlight have been reserved for
rooters traveling to the SC game
next week.
The Daylight leaves Palo Alto
Friday morning at 7:52 a.m. and
arrives in Los Angeles at (> p.m.
The Starlight leaves Friday eve
ning at 8:5!> p.m. and arrives at
f>:4s a.m.
Return trips arc scheduled for
Sunday at 8:15 a.m. and 8:15 p.m.
Round-trip tickets are priced at
$15.5 X and may he secured at the
Southern Pacific depot in Palo
Alto.
Blocks i»f 100 seats on J lie Morn
ing Daylight and 225 seats on the
Starlight have been reserved for
rooters traveling to the SC game
next week.
The Daylight leaves Palo Alto
Friday morning at 7:52 a.m. and
arrives in Los Angeles at (> p.m.
The Starlight leaves Friday eve
ning at 8:5!> p.m. and arrives at
f>:4s a.m.
Return trips arc scheduled for
Sunday at 8:15 a.m. and 8:15 p.m.
Round-trip tickets are priced at
$15.5 X and may he secured at the
Southern Pacific depot in Palo
Alto.
Blocks i»f 100 seats on J lie Morn
ing Daylight and 225 seats on the
Starlight have been reserved for
rooters traveling to the SC game
next week.
The Daylight leaves Palo Alto
Friday morning at 7:52 a.m. and
arrives in Los Angeles at (> p.m.
The Starlight leaves Friday eve
ning at 8:5!> p.m. and arrives at
f>:4s a.m.
Return trips arc scheduled for
Sunday at 8:15 a.m. and 8:15 p.m.
Round-trip tickets are priced at
$15.5 X and may he secured at the
Southern Pacific depot in Palo
Alto.
Blocks i»f 100 seats on J lie Morn
ing Daylight and 225 seats on the
Starlight have been reserved for
rooters traveling to the SC game
next week.
The Daylight leaves Palo Alto
Friday morning at 7:52 a.m. and
arrives in Los Angeles at (> p.m.
The Starlight leaves Friday eve
ning at 8:5!> p.m. and arrives at
f>:4s a.m.
Return trips arc scheduled for
Sunday at 8:15 a.m. and 8:15 p.m.
Round-trip tickets are priced at
$15.5 X and may he secured at the
Southern Pacific depot in Palo
Alto.
Blocks i»f 100 seats on J lie Morn
ing Daylight and 225 seats on the
Starlight have been reserved for
rooters traveling to the SC game
next week.
The Daylight leaves Palo Alto
Friday morning at 7:52 a.m. and
arrives in Los Angeles at (> p.m.
The Starlight leaves Friday eve
ning at 8:5!> p.m. and arrives at
f>:4s a.m.
Return trips arc scheduled for
Sunday at 8:15 a.m. and 8:15 p.m.
Round-trip tickets are priced at
$15.5 X and may he secured at the
Southern Pacific depot in Palo
Alto.
Blocks i»f 100 seats on J lie Morn
ing Daylight and 225 seats on the
Starlight have been reserved for
rooters traveling to the SC game
next week.
The Daylight leaves Palo Alto
Friday morning at 7:52 a.m. and
arrives in Los Angeles at (> p.m.
The Starlight leaves Friday eve
ning at 8:5!> p.m. and arrives at
f>:4s a.m.
Return trips arc scheduled for
Sunday at 8:15 a.m. and 8:15 p.m.
Round-trip tickets are priced at
$15.5 X and may he secured at the
Southern Pacific depot in Palo
Alto.
Blocks i»f 100 seats on J lie Morn
ing Daylight and 225 seats on the
Starlight have been reserved for
rooters traveling to the SC game
next week.
The Daylight leaves Palo Alto
Friday morning at 7:52 a.m. and
arrives in Los Angeles at (> p.m.
The Starlight leaves Friday eve
ning at 8:5!> p.m. and arrives at
f>:4s a.m.
Return trips arc scheduled for
Sunday at 8:15 a.m. and 8:15 p.m.
Round-trip tickets are priced at
$15.5 X and may he secured at the
Southern Pacific depot in Palo
Alto.
Blocks i»f 100 seats on J lie Morn
ing Daylight and 225 seats on the
Starlight have been reserved for
rooters traveling to the SC game
next week.
The Daylight leaves Palo Alto
Friday morning at 7:52 a.m. and
arrives in Los Angeles at (> p.m.
The Starlight leaves Friday eve
ning at 8:5!> p.m. and arrives at
f>:4s a.m.
Return trips arc scheduled for
Sunday at 8:15 a.m. and 8:15 p.m.
Round-trip tickets are priced at
$15.5 X and may he secured at the
Southern Pacific depot in Palo
Alto.
Blocks i»f 100 seats on J lie Morn
ing Daylight and 225 seats on the
Starlight have been reserved for
rooters traveling to the SC game
next week.
The Daylight leaves Palo Alto
Friday morning at 7:52 a.m. and
arrives in Los Angeles at (> p.m.
The Starlight leaves Friday eve
ning at 8:5!> p.m. and arrives at
f>:4s a.m.
Return trips arc scheduled for
Sunday at 8:15 a.m. and 8:15 p.m.
Round-trip tickets are priced at
$15.5 X and may he secured at the
Southern Pacific depot in Palo
Alto.
Blocks i»f 100 seats on J lie Morn
ing Daylight and 225 seats on the
Starlight have been reserved for
rooters traveling to the SC game
next week.
The Daylight leaves Palo Alto
Friday morning at 7:52 a.m. and
arrives in Los Angeles at (> p.m.
The Starlight leaves Friday eve
ning at 8:5!> p.m. and arrives at
f>:4s a.m.
Return trips arc scheduled for
Sunday at 8:15 a.m. and 8:15 p.m.
Round-trip tickets are priced at
$15.5 X and may he secured at the
Southern Pacific depot in Palo
Alto.
Blocks i»f 100 seats on J lie Morn
ing Daylight and 225 seats on the
Starlight have been reserved for
rooters traveling to the SC game
next week.
The Daylight leaves Palo Alto
Friday morning at 7:52 a.m. and
arrives in Los Angeles at (> p.m.
The Starlight leaves Friday eve
ning at 8:5!> p.m. and arrives at
f>:4s a.m.
Return trips arc scheduled for
Sunday at 8:15 a.m. and 8:15 p.m.
Round-trip tickets are priced at
$15.5 X and may he secured at the
Southern Pacific depot in Palo
Alto.
