# Last Day to Apply For Chinese Students' Aid
## 
### 
Today is the last clay that Chinese
students can apply for awards un
der the $4,000,000 fund which the
United States State Department re
cently approved for needy Chinese
students.
Students must have been in at
tendance at an American university
Jn 1948-49 and must be citizens of
China. Application forms may be
obtained at the office of the Coun
selor for Foreign Students, Tempo
rary Building B, Room 22.
Today is the last clay that Chinese
students can apply for awards un
der the $4,000,000 fund which the
United States State Department re
cently approved for needy Chinese
students.
Students must have been in at
tendance at an American university
Jn 1948-49 and must be citizens of
China. Application forms may be
obtained at the office of the Coun
selor for Foreign Students, Tempo
rary Building B, Room 22.
Today is the last clay that Chinese
students can apply for awards un
der the $4,000,000 fund which the
United States State Department re
cently approved for needy Chinese
students.
Students must have been in at
tendance at an American university
Jn 1948-49 and must be citizens of
China. Application forms may be
obtained at the office of the Coun
selor for Foreign Students, Tempo
rary Building B, Room 22.
Today is the last clay that Chinese
students can apply for awards un
der the $4,000,000 fund which the
United States State Department re
cently approved for needy Chinese
students.
Students must have been in at
tendance at an American university
Jn 1948-49 and must be citizens of
China. Application forms may be
obtained at the office of the Coun
selor for Foreign Students, Tempo
rary Building B, Room 22.
Today is the last clay that Chinese
students can apply for awards un
der the $4,000,000 fund which the
United States State Department re
cently approved for needy Chinese
students.
Students must have been in at
tendance at an American university
Jn 1948-49 and must be citizens of
China. Application forms may be
obtained at the office of the Coun
selor for Foreign Students, Tempo
rary Building B, Room 22.
Today is the last clay that Chinese
students can apply for awards un
der the $4,000,000 fund which the
United States State Department re
cently approved for needy Chinese
students.
Students must have been in at
tendance at an American university
Jn 1948-49 and must be citizens of
China. Application forms may be
obtained at the office of the Coun
selor for Foreign Students, Tempo
rary Building B, Room 22.
Today is the last clay that Chinese
students can apply for awards un
der the $4,000,000 fund which the
United States State Department re
cently approved for needy Chinese
students.
Students must have been in at
tendance at an American university
Jn 1948-49 and must be citizens of
China. Application forms may be
obtained at the office of the Coun
selor for Foreign Students, Tempo
rary Building B, Room 22.
Today is the last clay that Chinese
students can apply for awards un
der the $4,000,000 fund which the
United States State Department re
cently approved for needy Chinese
students.
Students must have been in at
tendance at an American university
Jn 1948-49 and must be citizens of
China. Application forms may be
obtained at the office of the Coun
selor for Foreign Students, Tempo
rary Building B, Room 22.
Today is the last clay that Chinese
students can apply for awards un
der the $4,000,000 fund which the
United States State Department re
cently approved for needy Chinese
students.
Students must have been in at
tendance at an American university
Jn 1948-49 and must be citizens of
China. Application forms may be
obtained at the office of the Coun
selor for Foreign Students, Tempo
rary Building B, Room 22.
Today is the last clay that Chinese
students can apply for awards un
der the $4,000,000 fund which the
United States State Department re
cently approved for needy Chinese
students.
Students must have been in at
tendance at an American university
Jn 1948-49 and must be citizens of
China. Application forms may be
obtained at the office of the Coun
selor for Foreign Students, Tempo
rary Building B, Room 22.
Today is the last clay that Chinese
students can apply for awards un
der the $4,000,000 fund which the
United States State Department re
cently approved for needy Chinese
students.
Students must have been in at
tendance at an American university
Jn 1948-49 and must be citizens of
China. Application forms may be
obtained at the office of the Coun
selor for Foreign Students, Tempo
rary Building B, Room 22.
Today is the last clay that Chinese
students can apply for awards un
der the $4,000,000 fund which the
United States State Department re
cently approved for needy Chinese
students.
Students must have been in at
tendance at an American university
Jn 1948-49 and must be citizens of
China. Application forms may be
obtained at the office of the Coun
selor for Foreign Students, Tempo
rary Building B, Room 22.
Today is the last clay that Chinese
students can apply for awards un
der the $4,000,000 fund which the
United States State Department re
cently approved for needy Chinese
students.
Students must have been in at
tendance at an American university
Jn 1948-49 and must be citizens of
China. Application forms may be
obtained at the office of the Coun
selor for Foreign Students, Tempo
rary Building B, Room 22.
Today is the last clay that Chinese
students can apply for awards un
der the $4,000,000 fund which the
United States State Department re
cently approved for needy Chinese
students.
Students must have been in at
tendance at an American university
Jn 1948-49 and must be citizens of
China. Application forms may be
obtained at the office of the Coun
selor for Foreign Students, Tempo
rary Building B, Room 22.
Today is the last clay that Chinese
students can apply for awards un
der the $4,000,000 fund which the
United States State Department re
cently approved for needy Chinese
students.
Students must have been in at
tendance at an American university
Jn 1948-49 and must be citizens of
China. Application forms may be
obtained at the office of the Coun
selor for Foreign Students, Tempo
rary Building B, Room 22.
Today is the last clay that Chinese
students can apply for awards un
der the $4,000,000 fund which the
United States State Department re
cently approved for needy Chinese
students.
Students must have been in at
tendance at an American university
Jn 1948-49 and must be citizens of
China. Application forms may be
obtained at the office of the Coun
selor for Foreign Students, Tempo
rary Building B, Room 22.
