# Nixon Talk
## CAMPUS OPINION 
### 
To the Editor:
In order to anticipate a possible flood of letters on
the subject of Representative Nixon and contro
versial speakers at Stanford, I would like to point
out that Representative Nixon is a great American,
probably a 100 per cent American. He is "one of us."
He could be further classified as "safe." Mr. Nixon
is not one of these New Dealing leftists, Communists,
or lVllow travelers. Far from it. Far, far from it.
DAVID C. HALEY
To the Editor:
In order to anticipate a possible flood of letters on
the subject of Representative Nixon and contro
versial speakers at Stanford, I would like to point
out that Representative Nixon is a great American,
probably a 100 per cent American. He is "one of us."
He could be further classified as "safe." Mr. Nixon
is not one of these New Dealing leftists, Communists,
or lVllow travelers. Far from it. Far, far from it.
DAVID C. HALEY
To the Editor:
In order to anticipate a possible flood of letters on
the subject of Representative Nixon and contro
versial speakers at Stanford, I would like to point
out that Representative Nixon is a great American,
probably a 100 per cent American. He is "one of us."
He could be further classified as "safe." Mr. Nixon
is not one of these New Dealing leftists, Communists,
or lVllow travelers. Far from it. Far, far from it.
DAVID C. HALEY
To the Editor:
In order to anticipate a possible flood of letters on
the subject of Representative Nixon and contro
versial speakers at Stanford, I would like to point
out that Representative Nixon is a great American,
probably a 100 per cent American. He is "one of us."
He could be further classified as "safe." Mr. Nixon
is not one of these New Dealing leftists, Communists,
or lVllow travelers. Far from it. Far, far from it.
DAVID C. HALEY
To the Editor:
In order to anticipate a possible flood of letters on
the subject of Representative Nixon and contro
versial speakers at Stanford, I would like to point
out that Representative Nixon is a great American,
probably a 100 per cent American. He is "one of us."
He could be further classified as "safe." Mr. Nixon
is not one of these New Dealing leftists, Communists,
or lVllow travelers. Far from it. Far, far from it.
DAVID C. HALEY
To the Editor:
In order to anticipate a possible flood of letters on
the subject of Representative Nixon and contro
versial speakers at Stanford, I would like to point
out that Representative Nixon is a great American,
probably a 100 per cent American. He is "one of us."
He could be further classified as "safe." Mr. Nixon
is not one of these New Dealing leftists, Communists,
or lVllow travelers. Far from it. Far, far from it.
DAVID C. HALEY
To the Editor:
In order to anticipate a possible flood of letters on
the subject of Representative Nixon and contro
versial speakers at Stanford, I would like to point
out that Representative Nixon is a great American,
probably a 100 per cent American. He is "one of us."
He could be further classified as "safe." Mr. Nixon
is not one of these New Dealing leftists, Communists,
or lVllow travelers. Far from it. Far, far from it.
DAVID C. HALEY
To the Editor:
In order to anticipate a possible flood of letters on
the subject of Representative Nixon and contro
versial speakers at Stanford, I would like to point
out that Representative Nixon is a great American,
probably a 100 per cent American. He is "one of us."
He could be further classified as "safe." Mr. Nixon
is not one of these New Dealing leftists, Communists,
or lVllow travelers. Far from it. Far, far from it.
DAVID C. HALEY
To the Editor:
In order to anticipate a possible flood of letters on
the subject of Representative Nixon and contro
versial speakers at Stanford, I would like to point
out that Representative Nixon is a great American,
probably a 100 per cent American. He is "one of us."
He could be further classified as "safe." Mr. Nixon
is not one of these New Dealing leftists, Communists,
or lVllow travelers. Far from it. Far, far from it.
DAVID C. HALEY
To the Editor:
In order to anticipate a possible flood of letters on
the subject of Representative Nixon and contro
versial speakers at Stanford, I would like to point
out that Representative Nixon is a great American,
probably a 100 per cent American. He is "one of us."
He could be further classified as "safe." Mr. Nixon
is not one of these New Dealing leftists, Communists,
or lVllow travelers. Far from it. Far, far from it.
DAVID C. HALEY
To the Editor:
In order to anticipate a possible flood of letters on
the subject of Representative Nixon and contro
versial speakers at Stanford, I would like to point
out that Representative Nixon is a great American,
probably a 100 per cent American. He is "one of us."
He could be further classified as "safe." Mr. Nixon
is not one of these New Dealing leftists, Communists,
or lVllow travelers. Far from it. Far, far from it.
DAVID C. HALEY
To the Editor:
In order to anticipate a possible flood of letters on
the subject of Representative Nixon and contro
versial speakers at Stanford, I would like to point
out that Representative Nixon is a great American,
probably a 100 per cent American. He is "one of us."
He could be further classified as "safe." Mr. Nixon
is not one of these New Dealing leftists, Communists,
or lVllow travelers. Far from it. Far, far from it.
DAVID C. HALEY
To the Editor:
In order to anticipate a possible flood of letters on
the subject of Representative Nixon and contro
versial speakers at Stanford, I would like to point
out that Representative Nixon is a great American,
probably a 100 per cent American. He is "one of us."
He could be further classified as "safe." Mr. Nixon
is not one of these New Dealing leftists, Communists,
or lVllow travelers. Far from it. Far, far from it.
DAVID C. HALEY
To the Editor:
In order to anticipate a possible flood of letters on
the subject of Representative Nixon and contro
versial speakers at Stanford, I would like to point
out that Representative Nixon is a great American,
probably a 100 per cent American. He is "one of us."
He could be further classified as "safe." Mr. Nixon
is not one of these New Dealing leftists, Communists,
or lVllow travelers. Far from it. Far, far from it.
DAVID C. HALEY
To the Editor:
In order to anticipate a possible flood of letters on
the subject of Representative Nixon and contro
versial speakers at Stanford, I would like to point
out that Representative Nixon is a great American,
probably a 100 per cent American. He is "one of us."
He could be further classified as "safe." Mr. Nixon
is not one of these New Dealing leftists, Communists,
or lVllow travelers. Far from it. Far, far from it.
DAVID C. HALEY
To the Editor:
In order to anticipate a possible flood of letters on
the subject of Representative Nixon and contro
versial speakers at Stanford, I would like to point
out that Representative Nixon is a great American,
probably a 100 per cent American. He is "one of us."
He could be further classified as "safe." Mr. Nixon
is not one of these New Dealing leftists, Communists,
or lVllow travelers. Far from it. Far, far from it.
DAVID C. HALEY
