# Float Parade Signups Today at ASSU
## 
### 
Late signups for those organiza
tions which did not sign up for the
Big Game float parade and house
decorations earlier this week, will
be taken in the ASSU office today.
The preliminary signups indicate
the group intends to enter. Descrip
tions of entries need not be made
until November 9.
Late signups for those organiza
tions which did not sign up for the
Big Game float parade and house
decorations earlier this week, will
be taken in the ASSU office today.
The preliminary signups indicate
the group intends to enter. Descrip
tions of entries need not be made
until November 9.
Late signups for those organiza
tions which did not sign up for the
Big Game float parade and house
decorations earlier this week, will
be taken in the ASSU office today.
The preliminary signups indicate
the group intends to enter. Descrip
tions of entries need not be made
until November 9.
Late signups for those organiza
tions which did not sign up for the
Big Game float parade and house
decorations earlier this week, will
be taken in the ASSU office today.
The preliminary signups indicate
the group intends to enter. Descrip
tions of entries need not be made
until November 9.
Late signups for those organiza
tions which did not sign up for the
Big Game float parade and house
decorations earlier this week, will
be taken in the ASSU office today.
The preliminary signups indicate
the group intends to enter. Descrip
tions of entries need not be made
until November 9.
Late signups for those organiza
tions which did not sign up for the
Big Game float parade and house
decorations earlier this week, will
be taken in the ASSU office today.
The preliminary signups indicate
the group intends to enter. Descrip
tions of entries need not be made
until November 9.
Late signups for those organiza
tions which did not sign up for the
Big Game float parade and house
decorations earlier this week, will
be taken in the ASSU office today.
The preliminary signups indicate
the group intends to enter. Descrip
tions of entries need not be made
until November 9.
Late signups for those organiza
tions which did not sign up for the
Big Game float parade and house
decorations earlier this week, will
be taken in the ASSU office today.
The preliminary signups indicate
the group intends to enter. Descrip
tions of entries need not be made
until November 9.
Late signups for those organiza
tions which did not sign up for the
Big Game float parade and house
decorations earlier this week, will
be taken in the ASSU office today.
The preliminary signups indicate
the group intends to enter. Descrip
tions of entries need not be made
until November 9.
Late signups for those organiza
tions which did not sign up for the
Big Game float parade and house
decorations earlier this week, will
be taken in the ASSU office today.
The preliminary signups indicate
the group intends to enter. Descrip
tions of entries need not be made
until November 9.
Late signups for those organiza
tions which did not sign up for the
Big Game float parade and house
decorations earlier this week, will
be taken in the ASSU office today.
The preliminary signups indicate
the group intends to enter. Descrip
tions of entries need not be made
until November 9.
Late signups for those organiza
tions which did not sign up for the
Big Game float parade and house
decorations earlier this week, will
be taken in the ASSU office today.
The preliminary signups indicate
the group intends to enter. Descrip
tions of entries need not be made
until November 9.
Late signups for those organiza
tions which did not sign up for the
Big Game float parade and house
decorations earlier this week, will
be taken in the ASSU office today.
The preliminary signups indicate
the group intends to enter. Descrip
tions of entries need not be made
until November 9.
Late signups for those organiza
tions which did not sign up for the
Big Game float parade and house
decorations earlier this week, will
be taken in the ASSU office today.
The preliminary signups indicate
the group intends to enter. Descrip
tions of entries need not be made
until November 9.
Late signups for those organiza
tions which did not sign up for the
Big Game float parade and house
decorations earlier this week, will
be taken in the ASSU office today.
The preliminary signups indicate
the group intends to enter. Descrip
tions of entries need not be made
until November 9.
Late signups for those organiza
tions which did not sign up for the
Big Game float parade and house
decorations earlier this week, will
be taken in the ASSU office today.
The preliminary signups indicate
the group intends to enter. Descrip
tions of entries need not be made
until November 9.
