# Gettysburg Re-Enacted By R.O.T.C.
## 
### 
Most people on the Stanford cam
pus are aware that as the Japanese
push into the Aleutians the war is
being brought closer home, but not
so many people here know that for
several years an artillery battle has
been fought on campus, enemy posi
tions damaged, but never completely
destroyed. This battle goes on ev
ery Tuesday at the Bishop battery,
the brain-child of Major General
Bishop of the United States Field
Artillery.
Actually, the Bishop battery is a
training device located north of the
R.O.T.C. stables. The battery objec
tive is a representation of the Get
tysberg battlefield in miniature with
a modern army complete with
tanks, airplane fields, barbed wire,
pillboxes, houses, water tanks, su
perimposed on the terrain at a scale
of 100 to 1.
The artillery fire which rains
down on the tiny objectives is ac
complished with the aid of such in
struments as a B.C. scope, a French
aiming circle, and two-way tele
phones from the observation posts to
the guns. Real commands and real
computations are used to direct this
miniature battery which fires 22
blank ammunition, lofting ball bear
ings an inch in diameter out onto
the objectives at 100 feet a second.
Students diret the small guns and
actually put into use their knowl
edge of the fire commands and the
calculations necessary to use artil
lery effectively.
A glimpse at the Gettysburg bat
tlefield in miniature, especially
through field glasses, shows a very
realistic landscape. Pillboxes, made
from polo£>alls, toy tanks, and wood
en buildings all look like the real
thing. The corporation yard is now
in the process of making improve
ments on the terrain of the Bishop
battery.
Most people on the Stanford cam
pus are aware that as the Japanese
push into the Aleutians the war is
being brought closer home, but not
so many people here know that for
several years an artillery battle has
been fought on campus, enemy posi
tions damaged, but never completely
destroyed. This battle goes on ev
ery Tuesday at the Bishop battery,
the brain-child of Major General
Bishop of the United States Field
Artillery.
Actually, the Bishop battery is a
training device located north of the
R.O.T.C. stables. The battery objec
tive is a representation of the Get
tysberg battlefield in miniature with
a modern army complete with
tanks, airplane fields, barbed wire,
pillboxes, houses, water tanks, su
perimposed on the terrain at a scale
of 100 to 1.
The artillery fire which rains
down on the tiny objectives is ac
complished with the aid of such in
struments as a B.C. scope, a French
aiming circle, and two-way tele
phones from the observation posts to
the guns. Real commands and real
computations are used to direct this
miniature battery which fires 22
blank ammunition, lofting ball bear
ings an inch in diameter out onto
the objectives at 100 feet a second.
Students diret the small guns and
actually put into use their knowl
edge of the fire commands and the
calculations necessary to use artil
lery effectively.
A glimpse at the Gettysburg bat
tlefield in miniature, especially
through field glasses, shows a very
realistic landscape. Pillboxes, made
from polo£>alls, toy tanks, and wood
en buildings all look like the real
thing. The corporation yard is now
in the process of making improve
ments on the terrain of the Bishop
battery.
Most people on the Stanford cam
pus are aware that as the Japanese
push into the Aleutians the war is
being brought closer home, but not
so many people here know that for
several years an artillery battle has
been fought on campus, enemy posi
tions damaged, but never completely
destroyed. This battle goes on ev
ery Tuesday at the Bishop battery,
the brain-child of Major General
Bishop of the United States Field
Artillery.
Actually, the Bishop battery is a
training device located north of the
R.O.T.C. stables. The battery objec
tive is a representation of the Get
tysberg battlefield in miniature with
a modern army complete with
tanks, airplane fields, barbed wire,
pillboxes, houses, water tanks, su
perimposed on the terrain at a scale
of 100 to 1.
The artillery fire which rains
down on the tiny objectives is ac
complished with the aid of such in
struments as a B.C. scope, a French
aiming circle, and two-way tele
phones from the observation posts to
the guns. Real commands and real
computations are used to direct this
miniature battery which fires 22
blank ammunition, lofting ball bear
ings an inch in diameter out onto
the objectives at 100 feet a second.
Students diret the small guns and
actually put into use their knowl
edge of the fire commands and the
calculations necessary to use artil
lery effectively.
A glimpse at the Gettysburg bat
tlefield in miniature, especially
through field glasses, shows a very
realistic landscape. Pillboxes, made
from polo£>alls, toy tanks, and wood
en buildings all look like the real
thing. The corporation yard is now
in the process of making improve
ments on the terrain of the Bishop
battery.
Most people on the Stanford cam
pus are aware that as the Japanese
push into the Aleutians the war is
being brought closer home, but not
so many people here know that for
several years an artillery battle has
been fought on campus, enemy posi
tions damaged, but never completely
destroyed. This battle goes on ev
ery Tuesday at the Bishop battery,
the brain-child of Major General
Bishop of the United States Field
Artillery.
Actually, the Bishop battery is a
training device located north of the
R.O.T.C. stables. The battery objec
tive is a representation of the Get
tysberg battlefield in miniature with
a modern army complete with
tanks, airplane fields, barbed wire,
pillboxes, houses, water tanks, su
perimposed on the terrain at a scale
of 100 to 1.
The artillery fire which rains
down on the tiny objectives is ac
complished with the aid of such in
struments as a B.C. scope, a French
aiming circle, and two-way tele
phones from the observation posts to
the guns. Real commands and real
computations are used to direct this
miniature battery which fires 22
blank ammunition, lofting ball bear
ings an inch in diameter out onto
the objectives at 100 feet a second.
Students diret the small guns and
actually put into use their knowl
edge of the fire commands and the
calculations necessary to use artil
lery effectively.
A glimpse at the Gettysburg bat
tlefield in miniature, especially
through field glasses, shows a very
realistic landscape. Pillboxes, made
from polo£>alls, toy tanks, and wood
en buildings all look like the real
thing. The corporation yard is now
in the process of making improve
ments on the terrain of the Bishop
battery.
Most people on the Stanford cam
pus are aware that as the Japanese
push into the Aleutians the war is
being brought closer home, but not
so many people here know that for
several years an artillery battle has
been fought on campus, enemy posi
tions damaged, but never completely
destroyed. This battle goes on ev
ery Tuesday at the Bishop battery,
the brain-child of Major General
Bishop of the United States Field
Artillery.
Actually, the Bishop battery is a
training device located north of the
R.O.T.C. stables. The battery objec
tive is a representation of the Get
tysberg battlefield in miniature with
a modern army complete with
tanks, airplane fields, barbed wire,
pillboxes, houses, water tanks, su
perimposed on the terrain at a scale
of 100 to 1.
The artillery fire which rains
down on the tiny objectives is ac
complished with the aid of such in
struments as a B.C. scope, a French
aiming circle, and two-way tele
phones from the observation posts to
the guns. Real commands and real
computations are used to direct this
miniature battery which fires 22
blank ammunition, lofting ball bear
ings an inch in diameter out onto
the objectives at 100 feet a second.
Students diret the small guns and
actually put into use their knowl
edge of the fire commands and the
calculations necessary to use artil
lery effectively.
A glimpse at the Gettysburg bat
tlefield in miniature, especially
through field glasses, shows a very
realistic landscape. Pillboxes, made
from polo£>alls, toy tanks, and wood
en buildings all look like the real
thing. The corporation yard is now
in the process of making improve
ments on the terrain of the Bishop
battery.
Most people on the Stanford cam
pus are aware that as the Japanese
push into the Aleutians the war is
being brought closer home, but not
so many people here know that for
several years an artillery battle has
been fought on campus, enemy posi
tions damaged, but never completely
destroyed. This battle goes on ev
ery Tuesday at the Bishop battery,
the brain-child of Major General
Bishop of the United States Field
Artillery.
Actually, the Bishop battery is a
training device located north of the
R.O.T.C. stables. The battery objec
tive is a representation of the Get
tysberg battlefield in miniature with
a modern army complete with
tanks, airplane fields, barbed wire,
pillboxes, houses, water tanks, su
perimposed on the terrain at a scale
of 100 to 1.
The artillery fire which rains
down on the tiny objectives is ac
complished with the aid of such in
struments as a B.C. scope, a French
aiming circle, and two-way tele
phones from the observation posts to
the guns. Real commands and real
computations are used to direct this
miniature battery which fires 22
blank ammunition, lofting ball bear
ings an inch in diameter out onto
the objectives at 100 feet a second.
Students diret the small guns and
actually put into use their knowl
edge of the fire commands and the
calculations necessary to use artil
lery effectively.
A glimpse at the Gettysburg bat
tlefield in miniature, especially
through field glasses, shows a very
realistic landscape. Pillboxes, made
from polo£>alls, toy tanks, and wood
en buildings all look like the real
thing. The corporation yard is now
in the process of making improve
ments on the terrain of the Bishop
battery.
Most people on the Stanford cam
pus are aware that as the Japanese
push into the Aleutians the war is
being brought closer home, but not
so many people here know that for
several years an artillery battle has
been fought on campus, enemy posi
tions damaged, but never completely
destroyed. This battle goes on ev
ery Tuesday at the Bishop battery,
the brain-child of Major General
Bishop of the United States Field
Artillery.
Actually, the Bishop battery is a
training device located north of the
R.O.T.C. stables. The battery objec
tive is a representation of the Get
tysberg battlefield in miniature with
a modern army complete with
tanks, airplane fields, barbed wire,
pillboxes, houses, water tanks, su
perimposed on the terrain at a scale
of 100 to 1.
The artillery fire which rains
down on the tiny objectives is ac
complished with the aid of such in
struments as a B.C. scope, a French
aiming circle, and two-way tele
phones from the observation posts to
the guns. Real commands and real
computations are used to direct this
miniature battery which fires 22
blank ammunition, lofting ball bear
ings an inch in diameter out onto
the objectives at 100 feet a second.
Students diret the small guns and
actually put into use their knowl
edge of the fire commands and the
calculations necessary to use artil
lery effectively.
A glimpse at the Gettysburg bat
tlefield in miniature, especially
through field glasses, shows a very
realistic landscape. Pillboxes, made
from polo£>alls, toy tanks, and wood
en buildings all look like the real
thing. The corporation yard is now
in the process of making improve
ments on the terrain of the Bishop
battery.
Most people on the Stanford cam
pus are aware that as the Japanese
push into the Aleutians the war is
being brought closer home, but not
so many people here know that for
several years an artillery battle has
been fought on campus, enemy posi
tions damaged, but never completely
destroyed. This battle goes on ev
ery Tuesday at the Bishop battery,
the brain-child of Major General
Bishop of the United States Field
Artillery.
Actually, the Bishop battery is a
training device located north of the
R.O.T.C. stables. The battery objec
tive is a representation of the Get
tysberg battlefield in miniature with
a modern army complete with
tanks, airplane fields, barbed wire,
pillboxes, houses, water tanks, su
perimposed on the terrain at a scale
of 100 to 1.
The artillery fire which rains
down on the tiny objectives is ac
complished with the aid of such in
struments as a B.C. scope, a French
aiming circle, and two-way tele
phones from the observation posts to
the guns. Real commands and real
computations are used to direct this
miniature battery which fires 22
blank ammunition, lofting ball bear
ings an inch in diameter out onto
the objectives at 100 feet a second.
Students diret the small guns and
actually put into use their knowl
edge of the fire commands and the
calculations necessary to use artil
lery effectively.
A glimpse at the Gettysburg bat
tlefield in miniature, especially
through field glasses, shows a very
realistic landscape. Pillboxes, made
from polo£>alls, toy tanks, and wood
en buildings all look like the real
thing. The corporation yard is now
in the process of making improve
ments on the terrain of the Bishop
battery.
Most people on the Stanford cam
pus are aware that as the Japanese
push into the Aleutians the war is
being brought closer home, but not
so many people here know that for
several years an artillery battle has
been fought on campus, enemy posi
tions damaged, but never completely
destroyed. This battle goes on ev
ery Tuesday at the Bishop battery,
the brain-child of Major General
Bishop of the United States Field
Artillery.
Actually, the Bishop battery is a
training device located north of the
R.O.T.C. stables. The battery objec
tive is a representation of the Get
tysberg battlefield in miniature with
a modern army complete with
tanks, airplane fields, barbed wire,
pillboxes, houses, water tanks, su
perimposed on the terrain at a scale
of 100 to 1.
The artillery fire which rains
down on the tiny objectives is ac
complished with the aid of such in
struments as a B.C. scope, a French
aiming circle, and two-way tele
phones from the observation posts to
the guns. Real commands and real
computations are used to direct this
miniature battery which fires 22
blank ammunition, lofting ball bear
ings an inch in diameter out onto
the objectives at 100 feet a second.
Students diret the small guns and
actually put into use their knowl
edge of the fire commands and the
calculations necessary to use artil
lery effectively.
A glimpse at the Gettysburg bat
tlefield in miniature, especially
through field glasses, shows a very
realistic landscape. Pillboxes, made
from polo£>alls, toy tanks, and wood
en buildings all look like the real
thing. The corporation yard is now
in the process of making improve
ments on the terrain of the Bishop
battery.
Most people on the Stanford cam
pus are aware that as the Japanese
push into the Aleutians the war is
being brought closer home, but not
so many people here know that for
several years an artillery battle has
been fought on campus, enemy posi
tions damaged, but never completely
destroyed. This battle goes on ev
ery Tuesday at the Bishop battery,
the brain-child of Major General
Bishop of the United States Field
Artillery.
Actually, the Bishop battery is a
training device located north of the
R.O.T.C. stables. The battery objec
tive is a representation of the Get
tysberg battlefield in miniature with
a modern army complete with
tanks, airplane fields, barbed wire,
pillboxes, houses, water tanks, su
perimposed on the terrain at a scale
of 100 to 1.
The artillery fire which rains
down on the tiny objectives is ac
complished with the aid of such in
struments as a B.C. scope, a French
aiming circle, and two-way tele
phones from the observation posts to
the guns. Real commands and real
computations are used to direct this
miniature battery which fires 22
blank ammunition, lofting ball bear
ings an inch in diameter out onto
the objectives at 100 feet a second.
Students diret the small guns and
actually put into use their knowl
edge of the fire commands and the
calculations necessary to use artil
lery effectively.
A glimpse at the Gettysburg bat
tlefield in miniature, especially
through field glasses, shows a very
realistic landscape. Pillboxes, made
from polo£>alls, toy tanks, and wood
en buildings all look like the real
thing. The corporation yard is now
in the process of making improve
ments on the terrain of the Bishop
battery.
Most people on the Stanford cam
pus are aware that as the Japanese
push into the Aleutians the war is
being brought closer home, but not
so many people here know that for
several years an artillery battle has
been fought on campus, enemy posi
tions damaged, but never completely
destroyed. This battle goes on ev
ery Tuesday at the Bishop battery,
the brain-child of Major General
Bishop of the United States Field
Artillery.
Actually, the Bishop battery is a
training device located north of the
R.O.T.C. stables. The battery objec
tive is a representation of the Get
tysberg battlefield in miniature with
a modern army complete with
tanks, airplane fields, barbed wire,
pillboxes, houses, water tanks, su
perimposed on the terrain at a scale
of 100 to 1.
The artillery fire which rains
down on the tiny objectives is ac
complished with the aid of such in
struments as a B.C. scope, a French
aiming circle, and two-way tele
phones from the observation posts to
the guns. Real commands and real
computations are used to direct this
miniature battery which fires 22
blank ammunition, lofting ball bear
ings an inch in diameter out onto
the objectives at 100 feet a second.
Students diret the small guns and
actually put into use their knowl
edge of the fire commands and the
calculations necessary to use artil
lery effectively.
A glimpse at the Gettysburg bat
tlefield in miniature, especially
through field glasses, shows a very
realistic landscape. Pillboxes, made
from polo£>alls, toy tanks, and wood
en buildings all look like the real
thing. The corporation yard is now
in the process of making improve
ments on the terrain of the Bishop
battery.
Most people on the Stanford cam
pus are aware that as the Japanese
push into the Aleutians the war is
being brought closer home, but not
so many people here know that for
several years an artillery battle has
been fought on campus, enemy posi
tions damaged, but never completely
destroyed. This battle goes on ev
ery Tuesday at the Bishop battery,
the brain-child of Major General
Bishop of the United States Field
Artillery.
Actually, the Bishop battery is a
training device located north of the
R.O.T.C. stables. The battery objec
tive is a representation of the Get
tysberg battlefield in miniature with
a modern army complete with
tanks, airplane fields, barbed wire,
pillboxes, houses, water tanks, su
perimposed on the terrain at a scale
of 100 to 1.
The artillery fire which rains
down on the tiny objectives is ac
complished with the aid of such in
struments as a B.C. scope, a French
aiming circle, and two-way tele
phones from the observation posts to
the guns. Real commands and real
computations are used to direct this
miniature battery which fires 22
blank ammunition, lofting ball bear
ings an inch in diameter out onto
the objectives at 100 feet a second.
Students diret the small guns and
actually put into use their knowl
edge of the fire commands and the
calculations necessary to use artil
lery effectively.
A glimpse at the Gettysburg bat
tlefield in miniature, especially
through field glasses, shows a very
realistic landscape. Pillboxes, made
from polo£>alls, toy tanks, and wood
en buildings all look like the real
thing. The corporation yard is now
in the process of making improve
ments on the terrain of the Bishop
battery.
Most people on the Stanford cam
pus are aware that as the Japanese
push into the Aleutians the war is
being brought closer home, but not
so many people here know that for
several years an artillery battle has
been fought on campus, enemy posi
tions damaged, but never completely
destroyed. This battle goes on ev
ery Tuesday at the Bishop battery,
the brain-child of Major General
Bishop of the United States Field
Artillery.
Actually, the Bishop battery is a
training device located north of the
R.O.T.C. stables. The battery objec
tive is a representation of the Get
tysberg battlefield in miniature with
a modern army complete with
tanks, airplane fields, barbed wire,
pillboxes, houses, water tanks, su
perimposed on the terrain at a scale
of 100 to 1.
The artillery fire which rains
down on the tiny objectives is ac
complished with the aid of such in
struments as a B.C. scope, a French
aiming circle, and two-way tele
phones from the observation posts to
the guns. Real commands and real
computations are used to direct this
miniature battery which fires 22
blank ammunition, lofting ball bear
ings an inch in diameter out onto
the objectives at 100 feet a second.
Students diret the small guns and
actually put into use their knowl
edge of the fire commands and the
calculations necessary to use artil
lery effectively.
A glimpse at the Gettysburg bat
tlefield in miniature, especially
through field glasses, shows a very
realistic landscape. Pillboxes, made
from polo£>alls, toy tanks, and wood
en buildings all look like the real
thing. The corporation yard is now
in the process of making improve
ments on the terrain of the Bishop
battery.
Most people on the Stanford cam
pus are aware that as the Japanese
push into the Aleutians the war is
being brought closer home, but not
so many people here know that for
several years an artillery battle has
been fought on campus, enemy posi
tions damaged, but never completely
destroyed. This battle goes on ev
ery Tuesday at the Bishop battery,
the brain-child of Major General
Bishop of the United States Field
Artillery.
Actually, the Bishop battery is a
training device located north of the
R.O.T.C. stables. The battery objec
tive is a representation of the Get
tysberg battlefield in miniature with
a modern army complete with
tanks, airplane fields, barbed wire,
pillboxes, houses, water tanks, su
perimposed on the terrain at a scale
of 100 to 1.
The artillery fire which rains
down on the tiny objectives is ac
complished with the aid of such in
struments as a B.C. scope, a French
aiming circle, and two-way tele
phones from the observation posts to
the guns. Real commands and real
computations are used to direct this
miniature battery which fires 22
blank ammunition, lofting ball bear
ings an inch in diameter out onto
the objectives at 100 feet a second.
Students diret the small guns and
actually put into use their knowl
edge of the fire commands and the
calculations necessary to use artil
lery effectively.
A glimpse at the Gettysburg bat
tlefield in miniature, especially
through field glasses, shows a very
realistic landscape. Pillboxes, made
from polo£>alls, toy tanks, and wood
en buildings all look like the real
thing. The corporation yard is now
in the process of making improve
ments on the terrain of the Bishop
battery.
Most people on the Stanford cam
pus are aware that as the Japanese
push into the Aleutians the war is
being brought closer home, but not
so many people here know that for
several years an artillery battle has
been fought on campus, enemy posi
tions damaged, but never completely
destroyed. This battle goes on ev
ery Tuesday at the Bishop battery,
the brain-child of Major General
Bishop of the United States Field
Artillery.
Actually, the Bishop battery is a
training device located north of the
R.O.T.C. stables. The battery objec
tive is a representation of the Get
tysberg battlefield in miniature with
a modern army complete with
tanks, airplane fields, barbed wire,
pillboxes, houses, water tanks, su
perimposed on the terrain at a scale
of 100 to 1.
The artillery fire which rains
down on the tiny objectives is ac
complished with the aid of such in
struments as a B.C. scope, a French
aiming circle, and two-way tele
phones from the observation posts to
the guns. Real commands and real
computations are used to direct this
miniature battery which fires 22
blank ammunition, lofting ball bear
ings an inch in diameter out onto
the objectives at 100 feet a second.
Students diret the small guns and
actually put into use their knowl
edge of the fire commands and the
calculations necessary to use artil
lery effectively.
A glimpse at the Gettysburg bat
tlefield in miniature, especially
through field glasses, shows a very
realistic landscape. Pillboxes, made
from polo£>alls, toy tanks, and wood
en buildings all look like the real
thing. The corporation yard is now
in the process of making improve
ments on the terrain of the Bishop
battery.
Most people on the Stanford cam
pus are aware that as the Japanese
push into the Aleutians the war is
being brought closer home, but not
so many people here know that for
several years an artillery battle has
been fought on campus, enemy posi
tions damaged, but never completely
destroyed. This battle goes on ev
ery Tuesday at the Bishop battery,
the brain-child of Major General
Bishop of the United States Field
Artillery.
Actually, the Bishop battery is a
training device located north of the
R.O.T.C. stables. The battery objec
tive is a representation of the Get
tysberg battlefield in miniature with
a modern army complete with
tanks, airplane fields, barbed wire,
pillboxes, houses, water tanks, su
perimposed on the terrain at a scale
of 100 to 1.
The artillery fire which rains
down on the tiny objectives is ac
complished with the aid of such in
struments as a B.C. scope, a French
aiming circle, and two-way tele
phones from the observation posts to
the guns. Real commands and real
computations are used to direct this
miniature battery which fires 22
blank ammunition, lofting ball bear
ings an inch in diameter out onto
the objectives at 100 feet a second.
Students diret the small guns and
actually put into use their knowl
edge of the fire commands and the
calculations necessary to use artil
lery effectively.
A glimpse at the Gettysburg bat
tlefield in miniature, especially
through field glasses, shows a very
realistic landscape. Pillboxes, made
from polo£>alls, toy tanks, and wood
en buildings all look like the real
thing. The corporation yard is now
in the process of making improve
ments on the terrain of the Bishop
battery.
