# Quigley Asks Racial Equality
## 
### 
Emphasizing that "the Caucasian
peoples cannot wait until after the
war to treat the peoples of other
aces as we treat each other," Pro
cessor Harold S. Quigley spoke last
light to a Tuesday Evening Series
tudience on the establishment of a
new political order in the Far East.
Professor Quigley also said that
"there is resentment in Chungking
low, over the situation in India."
Dr. Quigley explained the exist
ence of the Russo-Japanese treaty as
a Russian demonstration that it can
lot at the present time fight both
•Germany and Japan. Dr. Quigley
also ventured to say that it. was bad
political science and psychology to
bracket Hirohito with Hitler and
'Mussolini "for he is merely a po
litical figurehead. Tojo is nearer to
Hitler's position," Quigley said.
Emphasizing that "the Caucasian
peoples cannot wait until after the
war to treat the peoples of other
aces as we treat each other," Pro
cessor Harold S. Quigley spoke last
light to a Tuesday Evening Series
tudience on the establishment of a
new political order in the Far East.
Professor Quigley also said that
"there is resentment in Chungking
low, over the situation in India."
Dr. Quigley explained the exist
ence of the Russo-Japanese treaty as
a Russian demonstration that it can
lot at the present time fight both
•Germany and Japan. Dr. Quigley
also ventured to say that it. was bad
political science and psychology to
bracket Hirohito with Hitler and
'Mussolini "for he is merely a po
litical figurehead. Tojo is nearer to
Hitler's position," Quigley said.
Emphasizing that "the Caucasian
peoples cannot wait until after the
war to treat the peoples of other
aces as we treat each other," Pro
cessor Harold S. Quigley spoke last
light to a Tuesday Evening Series
tudience on the establishment of a
new political order in the Far East.
Professor Quigley also said that
"there is resentment in Chungking
low, over the situation in India."
Dr. Quigley explained the exist
ence of the Russo-Japanese treaty as
a Russian demonstration that it can
lot at the present time fight both
•Germany and Japan. Dr. Quigley
also ventured to say that it. was bad
political science and psychology to
bracket Hirohito with Hitler and
'Mussolini "for he is merely a po
litical figurehead. Tojo is nearer to
Hitler's position," Quigley said.
Emphasizing that "the Caucasian
peoples cannot wait until after the
war to treat the peoples of other
aces as we treat each other," Pro
cessor Harold S. Quigley spoke last
light to a Tuesday Evening Series
tudience on the establishment of a
new political order in the Far East.
Professor Quigley also said that
"there is resentment in Chungking
low, over the situation in India."
Dr. Quigley explained the exist
ence of the Russo-Japanese treaty as
a Russian demonstration that it can
lot at the present time fight both
•Germany and Japan. Dr. Quigley
also ventured to say that it. was bad
political science and psychology to
bracket Hirohito with Hitler and
'Mussolini "for he is merely a po
litical figurehead. Tojo is nearer to
Hitler's position," Quigley said.
Emphasizing that "the Caucasian
peoples cannot wait until after the
war to treat the peoples of other
aces as we treat each other," Pro
cessor Harold S. Quigley spoke last
light to a Tuesday Evening Series
tudience on the establishment of a
new political order in the Far East.
Professor Quigley also said that
"there is resentment in Chungking
low, over the situation in India."
Dr. Quigley explained the exist
ence of the Russo-Japanese treaty as
a Russian demonstration that it can
lot at the present time fight both
•Germany and Japan. Dr. Quigley
also ventured to say that it. was bad
political science and psychology to
bracket Hirohito with Hitler and
'Mussolini "for he is merely a po
litical figurehead. Tojo is nearer to
Hitler's position," Quigley said.
Emphasizing that "the Caucasian
peoples cannot wait until after the
war to treat the peoples of other
aces as we treat each other," Pro
cessor Harold S. Quigley spoke last
light to a Tuesday Evening Series
tudience on the establishment of a
new political order in the Far East.
Professor Quigley also said that
"there is resentment in Chungking
low, over the situation in India."
Dr. Quigley explained the exist
ence of the Russo-Japanese treaty as
a Russian demonstration that it can
lot at the present time fight both
•Germany and Japan. Dr. Quigley
also ventured to say that it. was bad
political science and psychology to
bracket Hirohito with Hitler and
'Mussolini "for he is merely a po
litical figurehead. Tojo is nearer to
Hitler's position," Quigley said.
Emphasizing that "the Caucasian
peoples cannot wait until after the
war to treat the peoples of other
aces as we treat each other," Pro
cessor Harold S. Quigley spoke last
light to a Tuesday Evening Series
tudience on the establishment of a
new political order in the Far East.
Professor Quigley also said that
"there is resentment in Chungking
low, over the situation in India."
Dr. Quigley explained the exist
ence of the Russo-Japanese treaty as
a Russian demonstration that it can
lot at the present time fight both
•Germany and Japan. Dr. Quigley
also ventured to say that it. was bad
political science and psychology to
bracket Hirohito with Hitler and
'Mussolini "for he is merely a po
litical figurehead. Tojo is nearer to
Hitler's position," Quigley said.
Emphasizing that "the Caucasian
peoples cannot wait until after the
war to treat the peoples of other
aces as we treat each other," Pro
cessor Harold S. Quigley spoke last
light to a Tuesday Evening Series
tudience on the establishment of a
new political order in the Far East.
Professor Quigley also said that
"there is resentment in Chungking
low, over the situation in India."
Dr. Quigley explained the exist
ence of the Russo-Japanese treaty as
a Russian demonstration that it can
lot at the present time fight both
•Germany and Japan. Dr. Quigley
also ventured to say that it. was bad
political science and psychology to
bracket Hirohito with Hitler and
'Mussolini "for he is merely a po
litical figurehead. Tojo is nearer to
Hitler's position," Quigley said.
Emphasizing that "the Caucasian
peoples cannot wait until after the
war to treat the peoples of other
aces as we treat each other," Pro
cessor Harold S. Quigley spoke last
light to a Tuesday Evening Series
tudience on the establishment of a
new political order in the Far East.
Professor Quigley also said that
"there is resentment in Chungking
low, over the situation in India."
Dr. Quigley explained the exist
ence of the Russo-Japanese treaty as
a Russian demonstration that it can
lot at the present time fight both
•Germany and Japan. Dr. Quigley
also ventured to say that it. was bad
political science and psychology to
bracket Hirohito with Hitler and
'Mussolini "for he is merely a po
litical figurehead. Tojo is nearer to
Hitler's position," Quigley said.
Emphasizing that "the Caucasian
peoples cannot wait until after the
war to treat the peoples of other
aces as we treat each other," Pro
cessor Harold S. Quigley spoke last
light to a Tuesday Evening Series
tudience on the establishment of a
new political order in the Far East.
Professor Quigley also said that
"there is resentment in Chungking
low, over the situation in India."
Dr. Quigley explained the exist
ence of the Russo-Japanese treaty as
a Russian demonstration that it can
lot at the present time fight both
•Germany and Japan. Dr. Quigley
also ventured to say that it. was bad
political science and psychology to
bracket Hirohito with Hitler and
'Mussolini "for he is merely a po
litical figurehead. Tojo is nearer to
Hitler's position," Quigley said.
Emphasizing that "the Caucasian
peoples cannot wait until after the
war to treat the peoples of other
aces as we treat each other," Pro
cessor Harold S. Quigley spoke last
light to a Tuesday Evening Series
tudience on the establishment of a
new political order in the Far East.
Professor Quigley also said that
"there is resentment in Chungking
low, over the situation in India."
Dr. Quigley explained the exist
ence of the Russo-Japanese treaty as
a Russian demonstration that it can
lot at the present time fight both
•Germany and Japan. Dr. Quigley
also ventured to say that it. was bad
political science and psychology to
bracket Hirohito with Hitler and
'Mussolini "for he is merely a po
litical figurehead. Tojo is nearer to
Hitler's position," Quigley said.
Emphasizing that "the Caucasian
peoples cannot wait until after the
war to treat the peoples of other
aces as we treat each other," Pro
cessor Harold S. Quigley spoke last
light to a Tuesday Evening Series
tudience on the establishment of a
new political order in the Far East.
Professor Quigley also said that
"there is resentment in Chungking
low, over the situation in India."
Dr. Quigley explained the exist
ence of the Russo-Japanese treaty as
a Russian demonstration that it can
lot at the present time fight both
•Germany and Japan. Dr. Quigley
also ventured to say that it. was bad
political science and psychology to
bracket Hirohito with Hitler and
'Mussolini "for he is merely a po
litical figurehead. Tojo is nearer to
Hitler's position," Quigley said.
Emphasizing that "the Caucasian
peoples cannot wait until after the
war to treat the peoples of other
aces as we treat each other," Pro
cessor Harold S. Quigley spoke last
light to a Tuesday Evening Series
tudience on the establishment of a
new political order in the Far East.
Professor Quigley also said that
"there is resentment in Chungking
low, over the situation in India."
Dr. Quigley explained the exist
ence of the Russo-Japanese treaty as
a Russian demonstration that it can
lot at the present time fight both
•Germany and Japan. Dr. Quigley
also ventured to say that it. was bad
political science and psychology to
bracket Hirohito with Hitler and
'Mussolini "for he is merely a po
litical figurehead. Tojo is nearer to
Hitler's position," Quigley said.
Emphasizing that "the Caucasian
peoples cannot wait until after the
war to treat the peoples of other
aces as we treat each other," Pro
cessor Harold S. Quigley spoke last
light to a Tuesday Evening Series
tudience on the establishment of a
new political order in the Far East.
Professor Quigley also said that
"there is resentment in Chungking
low, over the situation in India."
Dr. Quigley explained the exist
ence of the Russo-Japanese treaty as
a Russian demonstration that it can
lot at the present time fight both
•Germany and Japan. Dr. Quigley
also ventured to say that it. was bad
political science and psychology to
bracket Hirohito with Hitler and
'Mussolini "for he is merely a po
litical figurehead. Tojo is nearer to
Hitler's position," Quigley said.
Emphasizing that "the Caucasian
peoples cannot wait until after the
war to treat the peoples of other
aces as we treat each other," Pro
cessor Harold S. Quigley spoke last
light to a Tuesday Evening Series
tudience on the establishment of a
new political order in the Far East.
Professor Quigley also said that
"there is resentment in Chungking
low, over the situation in India."
Dr. Quigley explained the exist
ence of the Russo-Japanese treaty as
a Russian demonstration that it can
lot at the present time fight both
•Germany and Japan. Dr. Quigley
also ventured to say that it. was bad
political science and psychology to
bracket Hirohito with Hitler and
'Mussolini "for he is merely a po
litical figurehead. Tojo is nearer to
Hitler's position," Quigley said.
Emphasizing that "the Caucasian
peoples cannot wait until after the
war to treat the peoples of other
aces as we treat each other," Pro
cessor Harold S. Quigley spoke last
light to a Tuesday Evening Series
tudience on the establishment of a
new political order in the Far East.
Professor Quigley also said that
"there is resentment in Chungking
low, over the situation in India."
Dr. Quigley explained the exist
ence of the Russo-Japanese treaty as
a Russian demonstration that it can
lot at the present time fight both
•Germany and Japan. Dr. Quigley
also ventured to say that it. was bad
political science and psychology to
bracket Hirohito with Hitler and
'Mussolini "for he is merely a po
litical figurehead. Tojo is nearer to
Hitler's position," Quigley said.
