# Chamber orchestra to play
## 
### 
An evening of chamber music
featuring the Stanford Chamber
Orchestra and tenor Gerald
Chappell will be presented at
Stanford on Tuesday, April 20.
The free attraction is scheduled
for H p.m. in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.
Chappell will sing the in
tensely lyrical setting of Dylan
Thomas' "Poem in October," the
poet's reflections on turning 30.
Mark Starr will conduct the
chamber orchestra.
An evening of chamber music
featuring the Stanford Chamber
Orchestra and tenor Gerald
Chappell will be presented at
Stanford on Tuesday, April 20.
The free attraction is scheduled
for H p.m. in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.
Chappell will sing the in
tensely lyrical setting of Dylan
Thomas' "Poem in October," the
poet's reflections on turning 30.
Mark Starr will conduct the
chamber orchestra.
An evening of chamber music
featuring the Stanford Chamber
Orchestra and tenor Gerald
Chappell will be presented at
Stanford on Tuesday, April 20.
The free attraction is scheduled
for H p.m. in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.
Chappell will sing the in
tensely lyrical setting of Dylan
Thomas' "Poem in October," the
poet's reflections on turning 30.
Mark Starr will conduct the
chamber orchestra.
An evening of chamber music
featuring the Stanford Chamber
Orchestra and tenor Gerald
Chappell will be presented at
Stanford on Tuesday, April 20.
The free attraction is scheduled
for H p.m. in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.
Chappell will sing the in
tensely lyrical setting of Dylan
Thomas' "Poem in October," the
poet's reflections on turning 30.
Mark Starr will conduct the
chamber orchestra.
An evening of chamber music
featuring the Stanford Chamber
Orchestra and tenor Gerald
Chappell will be presented at
Stanford on Tuesday, April 20.
The free attraction is scheduled
for H p.m. in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.
Chappell will sing the in
tensely lyrical setting of Dylan
Thomas' "Poem in October," the
poet's reflections on turning 30.
Mark Starr will conduct the
chamber orchestra.
An evening of chamber music
featuring the Stanford Chamber
Orchestra and tenor Gerald
Chappell will be presented at
Stanford on Tuesday, April 20.
The free attraction is scheduled
for H p.m. in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.
Chappell will sing the in
tensely lyrical setting of Dylan
Thomas' "Poem in October," the
poet's reflections on turning 30.
Mark Starr will conduct the
chamber orchestra.
An evening of chamber music
featuring the Stanford Chamber
Orchestra and tenor Gerald
Chappell will be presented at
Stanford on Tuesday, April 20.
The free attraction is scheduled
for H p.m. in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.
Chappell will sing the in
tensely lyrical setting of Dylan
Thomas' "Poem in October," the
poet's reflections on turning 30.
Mark Starr will conduct the
chamber orchestra.
An evening of chamber music
featuring the Stanford Chamber
Orchestra and tenor Gerald
Chappell will be presented at
Stanford on Tuesday, April 20.
The free attraction is scheduled
for H p.m. in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.
Chappell will sing the in
tensely lyrical setting of Dylan
Thomas' "Poem in October," the
poet's reflections on turning 30.
Mark Starr will conduct the
chamber orchestra.
An evening of chamber music
featuring the Stanford Chamber
Orchestra and tenor Gerald
Chappell will be presented at
Stanford on Tuesday, April 20.
The free attraction is scheduled
for H p.m. in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.
Chappell will sing the in
tensely lyrical setting of Dylan
Thomas' "Poem in October," the
poet's reflections on turning 30.
Mark Starr will conduct the
chamber orchestra.
An evening of chamber music
featuring the Stanford Chamber
Orchestra and tenor Gerald
Chappell will be presented at
Stanford on Tuesday, April 20.
The free attraction is scheduled
for H p.m. in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.
Chappell will sing the in
tensely lyrical setting of Dylan
Thomas' "Poem in October," the
poet's reflections on turning 30.
Mark Starr will conduct the
chamber orchestra.
An evening of chamber music
featuring the Stanford Chamber
Orchestra and tenor Gerald
Chappell will be presented at
Stanford on Tuesday, April 20.
The free attraction is scheduled
for H p.m. in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.
Chappell will sing the in
tensely lyrical setting of Dylan
Thomas' "Poem in October," the
poet's reflections on turning 30.
Mark Starr will conduct the
chamber orchestra.
An evening of chamber music
featuring the Stanford Chamber
Orchestra and tenor Gerald
Chappell will be presented at
Stanford on Tuesday, April 20.
The free attraction is scheduled
for H p.m. in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.
Chappell will sing the in
tensely lyrical setting of Dylan
Thomas' "Poem in October," the
poet's reflections on turning 30.
Mark Starr will conduct the
chamber orchestra.
An evening of chamber music
featuring the Stanford Chamber
Orchestra and tenor Gerald
Chappell will be presented at
Stanford on Tuesday, April 20.
The free attraction is scheduled
for H p.m. in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.
Chappell will sing the in
tensely lyrical setting of Dylan
Thomas' "Poem in October," the
poet's reflections on turning 30.
Mark Starr will conduct the
chamber orchestra.
An evening of chamber music
featuring the Stanford Chamber
Orchestra and tenor Gerald
Chappell will be presented at
Stanford on Tuesday, April 20.
The free attraction is scheduled
for H p.m. in Dinkelspiel Au
ditorium.
Chappell will sing the in
tensely lyrical setting of Dylan
Thomas' "Poem in October," the
poet's reflections on turning 30.
Mark Starr will conduct the
chamber orchestra.
