# To Give Encore
## 
### 

HANK LUISETTI will make a re
turn appearance on the Stanford
maple next Thursday, May 12, in
the benefit Convalescent Home
game.

HANK LUISETTI will make a re
turn appearance on the Stanford
maple next Thursday, May 12, in
the benefit Convalescent Home
game.

HANK LUISETTI will make a re
turn appearance on the Stanford
maple next Thursday, May 12, in
the benefit Convalescent Home
game.

HANK LUISETTI will make a re
turn appearance on the Stanford
maple next Thursday, May 12, in
the benefit Convalescent Home
game.

HANK LUISETTI will make a re
turn appearance on the Stanford
maple next Thursday, May 12, in
the benefit Convalescent Home
game.

HANK LUISETTI will make a re
turn appearance on the Stanford
maple next Thursday, May 12, in
the benefit Convalescent Home
game.

HANK LUISETTI will make a re
turn appearance on the Stanford
maple next Thursday, May 12, in
the benefit Convalescent Home
game.

HANK LUISETTI will make a re
turn appearance on the Stanford
maple next Thursday, May 12, in
the benefit Convalescent Home
game.

HANK LUISETTI will make a re
turn appearance on the Stanford
maple next Thursday, May 12, in
the benefit Convalescent Home
game.

HANK LUISETTI will make a re
turn appearance on the Stanford
maple next Thursday, May 12, in
the benefit Convalescent Home
game.

HANK LUISETTI will make a re
turn appearance on the Stanford
maple next Thursday, May 12, in
the benefit Convalescent Home
game.

HANK LUISETTI will make a re
turn appearance on the Stanford
maple next Thursday, May 12, in
the benefit Convalescent Home
game.

HANK LUISETTI will make a re
turn appearance on the Stanford
maple next Thursday, May 12, in
the benefit Convalescent Home
game.

HANK LUISETTI will make a re
turn appearance on the Stanford
maple next Thursday, May 12, in
the benefit Convalescent Home
game.

HANK LUISETTI will make a re
turn appearance on the Stanford
maple next Thursday, May 12, in
the benefit Convalescent Home
game.
