# In Guild Hospital.
## 
### 
Since the opening of the Guild
Hospital in Palo Alto the average
number of patients has been five a
day.
Since the opening of the Guild
Hospital in Palo Alto the average
number of patients has been five a
day.
Since the opening of the Guild
Hospital in Palo Alto the average
number of patients has been five a
day.
Since the opening of the Guild
Hospital in Palo Alto the average
number of patients has been five a
day.
Since the opening of the Guild
Hospital in Palo Alto the average
number of patients has been five a
day.
Since the opening of the Guild
Hospital in Palo Alto the average
number of patients has been five a
day.
Since the opening of the Guild
Hospital in Palo Alto the average
number of patients has been five a
day.
