# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The present discussion regarding
the action of the Junior girls in
adopting the conventional cap and
gown seems to be based entirely on
the making and unmaking of tra
ditions. The justice or injustice of
another class adopting a garb that
at Stanford has hitherto been con
fined to the members of the finish
ing class evidently has been put
aside by the more weighty consid
eration of respect for customs that
have been started by previous
classes. While the question of
overturning tradition has perhaps
tieen unduly magnified, it may be
well to say that the Stanford stu
dents have hitherto made it a point
to consider very carefully changes
that would border on infraction or
destruction of traditions. Although
the wearing of the cap and gown
by the Senior girls cannot be
claimed as a tradition, it is still a
custom that i'b peculiar among the
undergraduates of this University.
The Junior girls, in their excessive
eagerness to adopt some distinctive
costume, have failed to respond to
that careful regard for local cus
toms that has moved preceding
classes. Barring the question of
tradition, it clearly does not seem
fair that the present Seniors should
be denied the same exclusive right
that has been the privilege of for
mer graduates. It is not pertinent
that the action of other colleges
should be used as an argument in
favor of the Juniors. Stanford has
been very independent in its choice
of other college customs, and there
arises no legitimate reason why this
course should not be followed in
the present controversy. The
weight of careful reason seems to be
against, any course tending to deny
the graduating class their full
measure of honor.
