# University Bulletin.
## 
### 
Saturday.
Inter-department track meet, oval,
9:30 a.m.
Baseball, Varsity vs. Alumni,
campus, 2:30 p.m.
Handball finals,gymnasium,2 p.m.
Reception to faculty, Roble, even
ing.
Sunday.
Dr. Murray preaches, chapel, 11 a.m.
Professor Kairclough addresses men,
chapel, 4:30 p m.
Christian Associations meet, chapel,
7:30 p.m.
Monday.
Choral Society meets, chapel, 4:30
p.m.
Zoology Club meets, room 00 quad,
evening.
Saturday.
Inter-department track meet, oval,
9:30 a.m.
Baseball, Varsity vs. Alumni,
campus, 2:30 p.m.
Handball finals,gymnasium,2 p.m.
Reception to faculty, Roble, even
ing.
Sunday.
Dr. Murray preaches, chapel, 11 a.m.
Professor Kairclough addresses men,
chapel, 4:30 p m.
Christian Associations meet, chapel,
7:30 p.m.
Monday.
Choral Society meets, chapel, 4:30
p.m.
Zoology Club meets, room 00 quad,
evening.
Saturday.
Inter-department track meet, oval,
9:30 a.m.
Baseball, Varsity vs. Alumni,
campus, 2:30 p.m.
Handball finals,gymnasium,2 p.m.
Reception to faculty, Roble, even
ing.
Sunday.
Dr. Murray preaches, chapel, 11 a.m.
Professor Kairclough addresses men,
chapel, 4:30 p m.
Christian Associations meet, chapel,
7:30 p.m.
Monday.
Choral Society meets, chapel, 4:30
p.m.
Zoology Club meets, room 00 quad,
evening.
Saturday.
Inter-department track meet, oval,
9:30 a.m.
Baseball, Varsity vs. Alumni,
campus, 2:30 p.m.
Handball finals,gymnasium,2 p.m.
Reception to faculty, Roble, even
ing.
Sunday.
Dr. Murray preaches, chapel, 11 a.m.
Professor Kairclough addresses men,
chapel, 4:30 p m.
Christian Associations meet, chapel,
7:30 p.m.
Monday.
Choral Society meets, chapel, 4:30
p.m.
Zoology Club meets, room 00 quad,
evening.
Saturday.
Inter-department track meet, oval,
9:30 a.m.
Baseball, Varsity vs. Alumni,
campus, 2:30 p.m.
Handball finals,gymnasium,2 p.m.
Reception to faculty, Roble, even
ing.
Sunday.
Dr. Murray preaches, chapel, 11 a.m.
Professor Kairclough addresses men,
chapel, 4:30 p m.
Christian Associations meet, chapel,
7:30 p.m.
Monday.
Choral Society meets, chapel, 4:30
p.m.
Zoology Club meets, room 00 quad,
evening.
Saturday.
Inter-department track meet, oval,
9:30 a.m.
Baseball, Varsity vs. Alumni,
campus, 2:30 p.m.
Handball finals,gymnasium,2 p.m.
Reception to faculty, Roble, even
ing.
Sunday.
Dr. Murray preaches, chapel, 11 a.m.
Professor Kairclough addresses men,
chapel, 4:30 p m.
Christian Associations meet, chapel,
7:30 p.m.
Monday.
Choral Society meets, chapel, 4:30
p.m.
Zoology Club meets, room 00 quad,
evening.
Saturday.
Inter-department track meet, oval,
9:30 a.m.
Baseball, Varsity vs. Alumni,
campus, 2:30 p.m.
Handball finals,gymnasium,2 p.m.
Reception to faculty, Roble, even
ing.
Sunday.
Dr. Murray preaches, chapel, 11 a.m.
Professor Kairclough addresses men,
chapel, 4:30 p m.
Christian Associations meet, chapel,
7:30 p.m.
Monday.
Choral Society meets, chapel, 4:30
p.m.
Zoology Club meets, room 00 quad,
evening.
