# Adv. 10 Page 4
## 
### 
Well, the elections
are findlly over, some
candidates are now
something-elect and
there doesn't seem too
much to write about.
But you're WRONG.
There's still a lot hap
pening all over the
place. And you feel
guilty because you ha
ven't written about it.
Here, then, is a
chance for you to al
leviate some of your
guilt: Write an opin
ions piece for the
Daily. And don't think
you can't do it, be
cause you can.
All you have to do is
type you viewpoint
double-spaced on a 57
character line and
bring it to the Daily of
fice, right across from
Terman. And that's it
Don't you feel better
already?!?
Well, the elections
are findlly over, some
candidates are now
something-elect and
there doesn't seem too
much to write about.
But you're WRONG.
There's still a lot hap
pening all over the
place. And you feel
guilty because you ha
ven't written about it.
Here, then, is a
chance for you to al
leviate some of your
guilt: Write an opin
ions piece for the
Daily. And don't think
you can't do it, be
cause you can.
All you have to do is
type you viewpoint
double-spaced on a 57
character line and
bring it to the Daily of
fice, right across from
Terman. And that's it
Don't you feel better
already?!?
Well, the elections
are findlly over, some
candidates are now
something-elect and
there doesn't seem too
much to write about.
But you're WRONG.
There's still a lot hap
pening all over the
place. And you feel
guilty because you ha
ven't written about it.
Here, then, is a
chance for you to al
leviate some of your
guilt: Write an opin
ions piece for the
Daily. And don't think
you can't do it, be
cause you can.
All you have to do is
type you viewpoint
double-spaced on a 57
character line and
bring it to the Daily of
fice, right across from
Terman. And that's it
Don't you feel better
already?!?
Well, the elections
are findlly over, some
candidates are now
something-elect and
there doesn't seem too
much to write about.
But you're WRONG.
There's still a lot hap
pening all over the
place. And you feel
guilty because you ha
ven't written about it.
Here, then, is a
chance for you to al
leviate some of your
guilt: Write an opin
ions piece for the
Daily. And don't think
you can't do it, be
cause you can.
All you have to do is
type you viewpoint
double-spaced on a 57
character line and
bring it to the Daily of
fice, right across from
Terman. And that's it
Don't you feel better
already?!?
Well, the elections
are findlly over, some
candidates are now
something-elect and
there doesn't seem too
much to write about.
But you're WRONG.
There's still a lot hap
pening all over the
place. And you feel
guilty because you ha
ven't written about it.
Here, then, is a
chance for you to al
leviate some of your
guilt: Write an opin
ions piece for the
Daily. And don't think
you can't do it, be
cause you can.
All you have to do is
type you viewpoint
double-spaced on a 57
character line and
bring it to the Daily of
fice, right across from
Terman. And that's it
Don't you feel better
already?!?
Well, the elections
are findlly over, some
candidates are now
something-elect and
there doesn't seem too
much to write about.
But you're WRONG.
There's still a lot hap
pening all over the
place. And you feel
guilty because you ha
ven't written about it.
Here, then, is a
chance for you to al
leviate some of your
guilt: Write an opin
ions piece for the
Daily. And don't think
you can't do it, be
cause you can.
All you have to do is
type you viewpoint
double-spaced on a 57
character line and
bring it to the Daily of
fice, right across from
Terman. And that's it
Don't you feel better
already?!?
Well, the elections
are findlly over, some
candidates are now
something-elect and
there doesn't seem too
much to write about.
But you're WRONG.
There's still a lot hap
pening all over the
place. And you feel
guilty because you ha
ven't written about it.
Here, then, is a
chance for you to al
leviate some of your
guilt: Write an opin
ions piece for the
Daily. And don't think
you can't do it, be
cause you can.
All you have to do is
type you viewpoint
double-spaced on a 57
character line and
bring it to the Daily of
fice, right across from
Terman. And that's it
Don't you feel better
already?!?
Well, the elections
are findlly over, some
candidates are now
something-elect and
there doesn't seem too
much to write about.
But you're WRONG.
There's still a lot hap
pening all over the
place. And you feel
guilty because you ha
ven't written about it.
Here, then, is a
chance for you to al
leviate some of your
guilt: Write an opin
ions piece for the
Daily. And don't think
you can't do it, be
cause you can.
All you have to do is
type you viewpoint
double-spaced on a 57
character line and
bring it to the Daily of
fice, right across from
Terman. And that's it
Don't you feel better
already?!?
