# Paying for ugliness
## 
### 

Pictures of four well-known University figures have been displayed
in White Plaza this week as pari of the Ugliest Man on Campus
Contest sponsored by Alpha Phi Omega. The pennies placed in the
jars corresponding to Dean of Admissions Fred Hargadon, Psychol-

ogy Prof. Philip Zimbardo, Humanities and Sciences Dean Norman
Wessells and President Donald Kennedy will benefit Stanford Spe
cial Olympics. The contest ends Friday; results will be announced
next week.

Pictures of four well-known University figures have been displayed
in White Plaza this week as pari of the Ugliest Man on Campus
Contest sponsored by Alpha Phi Omega. The pennies placed in the
jars corresponding to Dean of Admissions Fred Hargadon, Psychol-

ogy Prof. Philip Zimbardo, Humanities and Sciences Dean Norman
Wessells and President Donald Kennedy will benefit Stanford Spe
cial Olympics. The contest ends Friday; results will be announced
next week.

Pictures of four well-known University figures have been displayed
in White Plaza this week as pari of the Ugliest Man on Campus
Contest sponsored by Alpha Phi Omega. The pennies placed in the
jars corresponding to Dean of Admissions Fred Hargadon, Psychol-

ogy Prof. Philip Zimbardo, Humanities and Sciences Dean Norman
Wessells and President Donald Kennedy will benefit Stanford Spe
cial Olympics. The contest ends Friday; results will be announced
next week.

Pictures of four well-known University figures have been displayed
in White Plaza this week as pari of the Ugliest Man on Campus
Contest sponsored by Alpha Phi Omega. The pennies placed in the
jars corresponding to Dean of Admissions Fred Hargadon, Psychol-

ogy Prof. Philip Zimbardo, Humanities and Sciences Dean Norman
Wessells and President Donald Kennedy will benefit Stanford Spe
cial Olympics. The contest ends Friday; results will be announced
next week.

Pictures of four well-known University figures have been displayed
in White Plaza this week as pari of the Ugliest Man on Campus
Contest sponsored by Alpha Phi Omega. The pennies placed in the
jars corresponding to Dean of Admissions Fred Hargadon, Psychol-

ogy Prof. Philip Zimbardo, Humanities and Sciences Dean Norman
Wessells and President Donald Kennedy will benefit Stanford Spe
cial Olympics. The contest ends Friday; results will be announced
next week.

Pictures of four well-known University figures have been displayed
in White Plaza this week as pari of the Ugliest Man on Campus
Contest sponsored by Alpha Phi Omega. The pennies placed in the
jars corresponding to Dean of Admissions Fred Hargadon, Psychol-

ogy Prof. Philip Zimbardo, Humanities and Sciences Dean Norman
Wessells and President Donald Kennedy will benefit Stanford Spe
cial Olympics. The contest ends Friday; results will be announced
next week.

Pictures of four well-known University figures have been displayed
in White Plaza this week as pari of the Ugliest Man on Campus
Contest sponsored by Alpha Phi Omega. The pennies placed in the
jars corresponding to Dean of Admissions Fred Hargadon, Psychol-

ogy Prof. Philip Zimbardo, Humanities and Sciences Dean Norman
Wessells and President Donald Kennedy will benefit Stanford Spe
cial Olympics. The contest ends Friday; results will be announced
next week.

Pictures of four well-known University figures have been displayed
in White Plaza this week as pari of the Ugliest Man on Campus
Contest sponsored by Alpha Phi Omega. The pennies placed in the
jars corresponding to Dean of Admissions Fred Hargadon, Psychol-

ogy Prof. Philip Zimbardo, Humanities and Sciences Dean Norman
Wessells and President Donald Kennedy will benefit Stanford Spe
cial Olympics. The contest ends Friday; results will be announced
next week.
