# Adv. 35 Page 10
## 
### 
HALF WAY
May, being
Mrinlovarii month,
he's half had it.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
For after theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
HALF WAY
May, being
Mrinlovarii month,
he's half had it.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
For after theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
HALF WAY
May, being
Mrinlovarii month,
he's half had it.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
For after theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
HALF WAY
May, being
Mrinlovarii month,
he's half had it.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
For after theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
HALF WAY
May, being
Mrinlovarii month,
he's half had it.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
For after theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
HALF WAY
May, being
Mrinlovarii month,
he's half had it.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
For after theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
HALF WAY
May, being
Mrinlovarii month,
he's half had it.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
For after theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
HALF WAY
May, being
Mrinlovarii month,
he's half had it.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
For after theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
HALF WAY
May, being
Mrinlovarii month,
he's half had it.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
For after theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
HALF WAY
May, being
Mrinlovarii month,
he's half had it.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
For after theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
HALF WAY
May, being
Mrinlovarii month,
he's half had it.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
For after theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
HALF WAY
May, being
Mrinlovarii month,
he's half had it.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
For after theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
HALF WAY
May, being
Mrinlovarii month,
he's half had it.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
For after theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
HALF WAY
May, being
Mrinlovarii month,
he's half had it.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
For after theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
HALF WAY
May, being
Mrinlovarii month,
he's half had it.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
For after theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
HALF WAY
May, being
Mrinlovarii month,
he's half had it.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
For after theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
HALF WAY
May, being
Mrinlovarii month,
he's half had it.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
420 University
For after theater suppers
and snacks the newest,
smartest place to go in San
Francisco is
