# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A Roy Service campaign, similar to
that waged on the local campus, will
lie undertaken in the near future by
the University of California Y. M. C.
A Roy Service campaign, similar to
that waged on the local campus, will
lie undertaken in the near future by
the University of California Y. M. C.
A Roy Service campaign, similar to
that waged on the local campus, will
lie undertaken in the near future by
the University of California Y. M. C.
A Roy Service campaign, similar to
that waged on the local campus, will
lie undertaken in the near future by
the University of California Y. M. C.
A Roy Service campaign, similar to
that waged on the local campus, will
lie undertaken in the near future by
the University of California Y. M. C.
A Roy Service campaign, similar to
that waged on the local campus, will
lie undertaken in the near future by
the University of California Y. M. C.
A Roy Service campaign, similar to
that waged on the local campus, will
lie undertaken in the near future by
the University of California Y. M. C.
A Roy Service campaign, similar to
that waged on the local campus, will
lie undertaken in the near future by
the University of California Y. M. C.
A Roy Service campaign, similar to
that waged on the local campus, will
lie undertaken in the near future by
the University of California Y. M. C.
A Roy Service campaign, similar to
that waged on the local campus, will
lie undertaken in the near future by
the University of California Y. M. C.
A Roy Service campaign, similar to
that waged on the local campus, will
lie undertaken in the near future by
the University of California Y. M. C.
A Roy Service campaign, similar to
that waged on the local campus, will
lie undertaken in the near future by
the University of California Y. M. C.
A Roy Service campaign, similar to
that waged on the local campus, will
lie undertaken in the near future by
the University of California Y. M. C.
