# STANFORD NINE INVITED
## TO ENTER WORLD'S FAIR BASEBALL TOURNEY Exposition Authorities Plan to Stage Race for Amateur Title-United States, Japan, Hawaii. Philippines, China to Compete 
### 
Stanford has been invited to partici
pate in the Panama-Pacific Interna
tional Exposition baseball tournament
for the amateur championship of the
world. The invitation was received
yesterday by Graduate Manager Wil
cox to enter the Cardinal nine in the
race for the title, from C. C. Moore,
President of the Fair.
According to the letter, teams repre
senting the largest universities, col
leges, and clubs from all over the
country, both in the East and West,
have signified their intention of com
peting. In addition to American nines,
invitations have been extended to the
athletic authorities in Hawaii, China,
Japan, and the Philippine Islands.
Although no definite date has been
set for the tournament, an approxi
mate date, extending from July 1 to
August 1, has been announced. The
contests a.re to be staged on the new
athletic field at the Exposition, a loss
of game meaning elimination from the
race. The field is of such immense
size as to permit three baseball games
to be played simultaneously without
interference.
Besides acquiring the title of ama
teur champion of the world, the win
ner will receive a handsome silver tro
phy emblematic of the tournament. In
addition each member of the victorious
team will be awarded a trophy suit
able for the occasion. William R.
Larzlere, member of the Olympic Club,
and secretary of the committee in
charge of the Exposition baseball
makes the prediction that this tour
nament. is undoubtedly the most im
portant of its kind ever staged.
