# Swimmers to Form Club to Put Sport on Firmer Basis
## 
### 
The first step toward the probable
placing of swimming on an intercolle
giate basis will be taken tomorrow
night, when all men interested in the
water sport meet in The Union. It is
hoped that enough interest will be
shown to permit the formation of a
club, which in the future will stage
swimming events.
Success in interclass races and the
development of the swimming material
on hand in the University may justify
the recognition of the water game as a
minor sport. When the new tank is
completed, sufficient opportunities for
year-round training should enable the
Cardinal enthusiasts to compete suc
cessfully with the Blue and Gold
swimmers.
A. H. Worthy, '15, Student Body pres
ident, and Physical Director H. R.
Stolz will be on hand to morrow even
ing to organize the aquatic club.
Worthy announced today that it is
probable that swimming races with
outside organizations will be held this
semester. Distances are to be marked
off on Lagunita to aid in training. At
present the lake is too cold to permit
hard work, but a few days of
sunshine would raise the temperature
of the water sufficiently to make it
agreeable.
The first step toward the probable
placing of swimming on an intercolle
giate basis will be taken tomorrow
night, when all men interested in the
water sport meet in The Union. It is
hoped that enough interest will be
shown to permit the formation of a
club, which in the future will stage
swimming events.
Success in interclass races and the
development of the swimming material
on hand in the University may justify
the recognition of the water game as a
minor sport. When the new tank is
completed, sufficient opportunities for
year-round training should enable the
Cardinal enthusiasts to compete suc
cessfully with the Blue and Gold
swimmers.
A. H. Worthy, '15, Student Body pres
ident, and Physical Director H. R.
Stolz will be on hand to morrow even
ing to organize the aquatic club.
Worthy announced today that it is
probable that swimming races with
outside organizations will be held this
semester. Distances are to be marked
off on Lagunita to aid in training. At
present the lake is too cold to permit
hard work, but a few days of
sunshine would raise the temperature
of the water sufficiently to make it
agreeable.
The first step toward the probable
placing of swimming on an intercolle
giate basis will be taken tomorrow
night, when all men interested in the
water sport meet in The Union. It is
hoped that enough interest will be
shown to permit the formation of a
club, which in the future will stage
swimming events.
Success in interclass races and the
development of the swimming material
on hand in the University may justify
the recognition of the water game as a
minor sport. When the new tank is
completed, sufficient opportunities for
year-round training should enable the
Cardinal enthusiasts to compete suc
cessfully with the Blue and Gold
swimmers.
A. H. Worthy, '15, Student Body pres
ident, and Physical Director H. R.
Stolz will be on hand to morrow even
ing to organize the aquatic club.
Worthy announced today that it is
probable that swimming races with
outside organizations will be held this
semester. Distances are to be marked
off on Lagunita to aid in training. At
present the lake is too cold to permit
hard work, but a few days of
sunshine would raise the temperature
of the water sufficiently to make it
agreeable.
The first step toward the probable
placing of swimming on an intercolle
giate basis will be taken tomorrow
night, when all men interested in the
water sport meet in The Union. It is
hoped that enough interest will be
shown to permit the formation of a
club, which in the future will stage
swimming events.
Success in interclass races and the
development of the swimming material
on hand in the University may justify
the recognition of the water game as a
minor sport. When the new tank is
completed, sufficient opportunities for
year-round training should enable the
Cardinal enthusiasts to compete suc
cessfully with the Blue and Gold
swimmers.
A. H. Worthy, '15, Student Body pres
ident, and Physical Director H. R.
Stolz will be on hand to morrow even
ing to organize the aquatic club.
Worthy announced today that it is
probable that swimming races with
outside organizations will be held this
semester. Distances are to be marked
off on Lagunita to aid in training. At
present the lake is too cold to permit
hard work, but a few days of
sunshine would raise the temperature
of the water sufficiently to make it
agreeable.
The first step toward the probable
placing of swimming on an intercolle
giate basis will be taken tomorrow
night, when all men interested in the
water sport meet in The Union. It is
hoped that enough interest will be
shown to permit the formation of a
club, which in the future will stage
swimming events.
Success in interclass races and the
development of the swimming material
on hand in the University may justify
the recognition of the water game as a
minor sport. When the new tank is
completed, sufficient opportunities for
year-round training should enable the
Cardinal enthusiasts to compete suc
cessfully with the Blue and Gold
swimmers.
A. H. Worthy, '15, Student Body pres
ident, and Physical Director H. R.
Stolz will be on hand to morrow even
ing to organize the aquatic club.
Worthy announced today that it is
probable that swimming races with
outside organizations will be held this
semester. Distances are to be marked
off on Lagunita to aid in training. At
present the lake is too cold to permit
hard work, but a few days of
sunshine would raise the temperature
of the water sufficiently to make it
agreeable.
The first step toward the probable
placing of swimming on an intercolle
giate basis will be taken tomorrow
night, when all men interested in the
water sport meet in The Union. It is
hoped that enough interest will be
shown to permit the formation of a
club, which in the future will stage
swimming events.
Success in interclass races and the
development of the swimming material
on hand in the University may justify
the recognition of the water game as a
minor sport. When the new tank is
completed, sufficient opportunities for
year-round training should enable the
Cardinal enthusiasts to compete suc
cessfully with the Blue and Gold
swimmers.
A. H. Worthy, '15, Student Body pres
ident, and Physical Director H. R.
Stolz will be on hand to morrow even
ing to organize the aquatic club.
Worthy announced today that it is
probable that swimming races with
outside organizations will be held this
semester. Distances are to be marked
off on Lagunita to aid in training. At
present the lake is too cold to permit
hard work, but a few days of
sunshine would raise the temperature
of the water sufficiently to make it
agreeable.
The first step toward the probable
placing of swimming on an intercolle
giate basis will be taken tomorrow
night, when all men interested in the
water sport meet in The Union. It is
hoped that enough interest will be
shown to permit the formation of a
club, which in the future will stage
swimming events.
Success in interclass races and the
development of the swimming material
on hand in the University may justify
the recognition of the water game as a
minor sport. When the new tank is
completed, sufficient opportunities for
year-round training should enable the
Cardinal enthusiasts to compete suc
cessfully with the Blue and Gold
swimmers.
A. H. Worthy, '15, Student Body pres
ident, and Physical Director H. R.
Stolz will be on hand to morrow even
ing to organize the aquatic club.
Worthy announced today that it is
probable that swimming races with
outside organizations will be held this
semester. Distances are to be marked
off on Lagunita to aid in training. At
present the lake is too cold to permit
hard work, but a few days of
sunshine would raise the temperature
of the water sufficiently to make it
agreeable.
The first step toward the probable
placing of swimming on an intercolle
giate basis will be taken tomorrow
night, when all men interested in the
water sport meet in The Union. It is
hoped that enough interest will be
shown to permit the formation of a
club, which in the future will stage
swimming events.
Success in interclass races and the
development of the swimming material
on hand in the University may justify
the recognition of the water game as a
minor sport. When the new tank is
completed, sufficient opportunities for
year-round training should enable the
Cardinal enthusiasts to compete suc
cessfully with the Blue and Gold
swimmers.
A. H. Worthy, '15, Student Body pres
ident, and Physical Director H. R.
Stolz will be on hand to morrow even
ing to organize the aquatic club.
Worthy announced today that it is
probable that swimming races with
outside organizations will be held this
semester. Distances are to be marked
off on Lagunita to aid in training. At
present the lake is too cold to permit
hard work, but a few days of
sunshine would raise the temperature
of the water sufficiently to make it
agreeable.
The first step toward the probable
placing of swimming on an intercolle
giate basis will be taken tomorrow
night, when all men interested in the
water sport meet in The Union. It is
hoped that enough interest will be
shown to permit the formation of a
club, which in the future will stage
swimming events.
Success in interclass races and the
development of the swimming material
on hand in the University may justify
the recognition of the water game as a
minor sport. When the new tank is
completed, sufficient opportunities for
year-round training should enable the
Cardinal enthusiasts to compete suc
cessfully with the Blue and Gold
swimmers.
A. H. Worthy, '15, Student Body pres
ident, and Physical Director H. R.
Stolz will be on hand to morrow even
ing to organize the aquatic club.
Worthy announced today that it is
probable that swimming races with
outside organizations will be held this
semester. Distances are to be marked
off on Lagunita to aid in training. At
present the lake is too cold to permit
hard work, but a few days of
sunshine would raise the temperature
of the water sufficiently to make it
agreeable.
The first step toward the probable
placing of swimming on an intercolle
giate basis will be taken tomorrow
night, when all men interested in the
water sport meet in The Union. It is
hoped that enough interest will be
shown to permit the formation of a
club, which in the future will stage
swimming events.
Success in interclass races and the
development of the swimming material
on hand in the University may justify
the recognition of the water game as a
minor sport. When the new tank is
completed, sufficient opportunities for
year-round training should enable the
Cardinal enthusiasts to compete suc
cessfully with the Blue and Gold
swimmers.
A. H. Worthy, '15, Student Body pres
ident, and Physical Director H. R.
Stolz will be on hand to morrow even
ing to organize the aquatic club.
Worthy announced today that it is
probable that swimming races with
outside organizations will be held this
semester. Distances are to be marked
off on Lagunita to aid in training. At
present the lake is too cold to permit
hard work, but a few days of
sunshine would raise the temperature
of the water sufficiently to make it
agreeable.
The first step toward the probable
placing of swimming on an intercolle
giate basis will be taken tomorrow
night, when all men interested in the
water sport meet in The Union. It is
hoped that enough interest will be
shown to permit the formation of a
club, which in the future will stage
swimming events.
Success in interclass races and the
development of the swimming material
on hand in the University may justify
the recognition of the water game as a
minor sport. When the new tank is
completed, sufficient opportunities for
year-round training should enable the
Cardinal enthusiasts to compete suc
cessfully with the Blue and Gold
swimmers.
A. H. Worthy, '15, Student Body pres
ident, and Physical Director H. R.
Stolz will be on hand to morrow even
ing to organize the aquatic club.
Worthy announced today that it is
probable that swimming races with
outside organizations will be held this
semester. Distances are to be marked
off on Lagunita to aid in training. At
present the lake is too cold to permit
hard work, but a few days of
sunshine would raise the temperature
of the water sufficiently to make it
agreeable.
The first step toward the probable
placing of swimming on an intercolle
giate basis will be taken tomorrow
night, when all men interested in the
water sport meet in The Union. It is
hoped that enough interest will be
shown to permit the formation of a
club, which in the future will stage
swimming events.
Success in interclass races and the
development of the swimming material
on hand in the University may justify
the recognition of the water game as a
minor sport. When the new tank is
completed, sufficient opportunities for
year-round training should enable the
Cardinal enthusiasts to compete suc
cessfully with the Blue and Gold
swimmers.
A. H. Worthy, '15, Student Body pres
ident, and Physical Director H. R.
Stolz will be on hand to morrow even
ing to organize the aquatic club.
Worthy announced today that it is
probable that swimming races with
outside organizations will be held this
semester. Distances are to be marked
off on Lagunita to aid in training. At
present the lake is too cold to permit
hard work, but a few days of
sunshine would raise the temperature
of the water sufficiently to make it
agreeable.
The first step toward the probable
placing of swimming on an intercolle
giate basis will be taken tomorrow
night, when all men interested in the
water sport meet in The Union. It is
hoped that enough interest will be
shown to permit the formation of a
club, which in the future will stage
swimming events.
Success in interclass races and the
development of the swimming material
on hand in the University may justify
the recognition of the water game as a
minor sport. When the new tank is
completed, sufficient opportunities for
year-round training should enable the
Cardinal enthusiasts to compete suc
cessfully with the Blue and Gold
swimmers.
A. H. Worthy, '15, Student Body pres
ident, and Physical Director H. R.
Stolz will be on hand to morrow even
ing to organize the aquatic club.
Worthy announced today that it is
probable that swimming races with
outside organizations will be held this
semester. Distances are to be marked
off on Lagunita to aid in training. At
present the lake is too cold to permit
hard work, but a few days of
sunshine would raise the temperature
of the water sufficiently to make it
agreeable.
