# FULLER SISTERS WIN FAVOR IN OLD ENGLISH BALLADS AND GRACES
## Spirit and Simplicity of Artistic Program in Victorian Background entrances Audience. 
### 
The Assembly Hall stage was trans
formed yesterday evening into an ear
ly Victorian parlor, when the Misses
Dorothy, Rosalind, and Cynthia Fuller
charmed their Stanford hearers with
their sprightly singing of old English
songs. From the first moment of their
appearance in quaint, old-fashioned
costumes, they won their audience.
Through a long and varied program,
these graceful figures with their bil
lowy gowns, their smoothly parted
hair, their nosegays and reticules
brought back the atmosphere of bye
gone years. Dr. R. A. Alden introduced
the Misses Fuller in behalf of the Fac
ulty Committee 011 Public Entertain
ment.
Opening the program with "The
Singers' Apolog.e," the charming per
formers gave a group of children's
songs, not designated 011 their already
generous list of offerings. Following
these came a set of "Songs of Frolic
and Mirth," in which the Misses Ful
ler captivated all by the merry aban
don with which they executed the
dancing steps and pantomime accom
panying the song.
In a more serious vein were the
Scottish girl's lament for her lover,
the weird, moaning strains of "The
Nightingale," and the ballad of "The
Ship in Distress." In this group Dor
othy Fuller had ample opportunity to
display her vocal power in the more
sustained notes in the lower register.
"Songs of Good Life" were sung with
freshness and spontaneity, and an in
termiss'on followed the two delightful
encores, "Would You Know How Doth
the Peasant" and "Moving the Bar
ley," with its echoing rhythmical re
frain.
"Brixham Town" was the whimsical
farewell of the winsome sisters when
all three sang to the smooth accom
paniment of Cynthia's Irish harp.
Whether Do.rothy sings, or tho merry
Rosalind, or when gentle Cynthia ad da
hr voice, their art is entrancing in lis
splr't and simplicity. Their hearers
were more than inclined to accept Ro
salind's invitation it the end of "Rob
in a-Thrush," when phe demurely an
nounced, "If you want any more I will
sinu; it again."
The Assembly Hall stage was trans
formed yesterday evening into an ear
ly Victorian parlor, when the Misses
Dorothy, Rosalind, and Cynthia Fuller
charmed their Stanford hearers with
their sprightly singing of old English
songs. From the first moment of their
appearance in quaint, old-fashioned
costumes, they won their audience.
Through a long and varied program,
these graceful figures with their bil
lowy gowns, their smoothly parted
hair, their nosegays and reticules
brought back the atmosphere of bye
gone years. Dr. R. A. Alden introduced
the Misses Fuller in behalf of the Fac
ulty Committee 011 Public Entertain
ment.
Opening the program with "The
Singers' Apolog.e," the charming per
formers gave a group of children's
songs, not designated 011 their already
generous list of offerings. Following
these came a set of "Songs of Frolic
and Mirth," in which the Misses Ful
ler captivated all by the merry aban
don with which they executed the
dancing steps and pantomime accom
panying the song.
In a more serious vein were the
Scottish girl's lament for her lover,
the weird, moaning strains of "The
Nightingale," and the ballad of "The
Ship in Distress." In this group Dor
othy Fuller had ample opportunity to
display her vocal power in the more
sustained notes in the lower register.
"Songs of Good Life" were sung with
freshness and spontaneity, and an in
termiss'on followed the two delightful
encores, "Would You Know How Doth
the Peasant" and "Moving the Bar
ley," with its echoing rhythmical re
frain.
"Brixham Town" was the whimsical
farewell of the winsome sisters when
all three sang to the smooth accom
paniment of Cynthia's Irish harp.
Whether Do.rothy sings, or tho merry
Rosalind, or when gentle Cynthia ad da
hr voice, their art is entrancing in lis
splr't and simplicity. Their hearers
were more than inclined to accept Ro
salind's invitation it the end of "Rob
in a-Thrush," when phe demurely an
nounced, "If you want any more I will
sinu; it again."
The Assembly Hall stage was trans
formed yesterday evening into an ear
ly Victorian parlor, when the Misses
Dorothy, Rosalind, and Cynthia Fuller
charmed their Stanford hearers with
their sprightly singing of old English
songs. From the first moment of their
appearance in quaint, old-fashioned
costumes, they won their audience.
Through a long and varied program,
these graceful figures with their bil
lowy gowns, their smoothly parted
hair, their nosegays and reticules
brought back the atmosphere of bye
gone years. Dr. R. A. Alden introduced
the Misses Fuller in behalf of the Fac
ulty Committee 011 Public Entertain
ment.
Opening the program with "The
Singers' Apolog.e," the charming per
formers gave a group of children's
songs, not designated 011 their already
generous list of offerings. Following
these came a set of "Songs of Frolic
and Mirth," in which the Misses Ful
ler captivated all by the merry aban
don with which they executed the
dancing steps and pantomime accom
panying the song.
In a more serious vein were the
Scottish girl's lament for her lover,
the weird, moaning strains of "The
Nightingale," and the ballad of "The
Ship in Distress." In this group Dor
othy Fuller had ample opportunity to
display her vocal power in the more
sustained notes in the lower register.
"Songs of Good Life" were sung with
freshness and spontaneity, and an in
termiss'on followed the two delightful
encores, "Would You Know How Doth
the Peasant" and "Moving the Bar
ley," with its echoing rhythmical re
frain.
"Brixham Town" was the whimsical
farewell of the winsome sisters when
all three sang to the smooth accom
paniment of Cynthia's Irish harp.
Whether Do.rothy sings, or tho merry
Rosalind, or when gentle Cynthia ad da
hr voice, their art is entrancing in lis
splr't and simplicity. Their hearers
were more than inclined to accept Ro
salind's invitation it the end of "Rob
in a-Thrush," when phe demurely an
nounced, "If you want any more I will
sinu; it again."
The Assembly Hall stage was trans
formed yesterday evening into an ear
ly Victorian parlor, when the Misses
Dorothy, Rosalind, and Cynthia Fuller
charmed their Stanford hearers with
their sprightly singing of old English
songs. From the first moment of their
appearance in quaint, old-fashioned
costumes, they won their audience.
Through a long and varied program,
these graceful figures with their bil
lowy gowns, their smoothly parted
hair, their nosegays and reticules
brought back the atmosphere of bye
gone years. Dr. R. A. Alden introduced
the Misses Fuller in behalf of the Fac
ulty Committee 011 Public Entertain
ment.
Opening the program with "The
Singers' Apolog.e," the charming per
formers gave a group of children's
songs, not designated 011 their already
generous list of offerings. Following
these came a set of "Songs of Frolic
and Mirth," in which the Misses Ful
ler captivated all by the merry aban
don with which they executed the
dancing steps and pantomime accom
panying the song.
In a more serious vein were the
Scottish girl's lament for her lover,
the weird, moaning strains of "The
Nightingale," and the ballad of "The
Ship in Distress." In this group Dor
othy Fuller had ample opportunity to
display her vocal power in the more
sustained notes in the lower register.
"Songs of Good Life" were sung with
freshness and spontaneity, and an in
termiss'on followed the two delightful
encores, "Would You Know How Doth
the Peasant" and "Moving the Bar
ley," with its echoing rhythmical re
frain.
"Brixham Town" was the whimsical
farewell of the winsome sisters when
all three sang to the smooth accom
paniment of Cynthia's Irish harp.
Whether Do.rothy sings, or tho merry
Rosalind, or when gentle Cynthia ad da
hr voice, their art is entrancing in lis
splr't and simplicity. Their hearers
were more than inclined to accept Ro
salind's invitation it the end of "Rob
in a-Thrush," when phe demurely an
nounced, "If you want any more I will
sinu; it again."
The Assembly Hall stage was trans
formed yesterday evening into an ear
ly Victorian parlor, when the Misses
Dorothy, Rosalind, and Cynthia Fuller
charmed their Stanford hearers with
their sprightly singing of old English
songs. From the first moment of their
appearance in quaint, old-fashioned
costumes, they won their audience.
Through a long and varied program,
these graceful figures with their bil
lowy gowns, their smoothly parted
hair, their nosegays and reticules
brought back the atmosphere of bye
gone years. Dr. R. A. Alden introduced
the Misses Fuller in behalf of the Fac
ulty Committee 011 Public Entertain
ment.
Opening the program with "The
Singers' Apolog.e," the charming per
formers gave a group of children's
songs, not designated 011 their already
generous list of offerings. Following
these came a set of "Songs of Frolic
and Mirth," in which the Misses Ful
ler captivated all by the merry aban
don with which they executed the
dancing steps and pantomime accom
panying the song.
In a more serious vein were the
Scottish girl's lament for her lover,
the weird, moaning strains of "The
Nightingale," and the ballad of "The
Ship in Distress." In this group Dor
othy Fuller had ample opportunity to
display her vocal power in the more
sustained notes in the lower register.
"Songs of Good Life" were sung with
freshness and spontaneity, and an in
termiss'on followed the two delightful
encores, "Would You Know How Doth
the Peasant" and "Moving the Bar
ley," with its echoing rhythmical re
frain.
"Brixham Town" was the whimsical
farewell of the winsome sisters when
all three sang to the smooth accom
paniment of Cynthia's Irish harp.
Whether Do.rothy sings, or tho merry
Rosalind, or when gentle Cynthia ad da
hr voice, their art is entrancing in lis
splr't and simplicity. Their hearers
were more than inclined to accept Ro
salind's invitation it the end of "Rob
in a-Thrush," when phe demurely an
nounced, "If you want any more I will
sinu; it again."
The Assembly Hall stage was trans
formed yesterday evening into an ear
ly Victorian parlor, when the Misses
Dorothy, Rosalind, and Cynthia Fuller
charmed their Stanford hearers with
their sprightly singing of old English
songs. From the first moment of their
appearance in quaint, old-fashioned
costumes, they won their audience.
Through a long and varied program,
these graceful figures with their bil
lowy gowns, their smoothly parted
hair, their nosegays and reticules
brought back the atmosphere of bye
gone years. Dr. R. A. Alden introduced
the Misses Fuller in behalf of the Fac
ulty Committee 011 Public Entertain
ment.
Opening the program with "The
Singers' Apolog.e," the charming per
formers gave a group of children's
songs, not designated 011 their already
generous list of offerings. Following
these came a set of "Songs of Frolic
and Mirth," in which the Misses Ful
ler captivated all by the merry aban
don with which they executed the
dancing steps and pantomime accom
panying the song.
In a more serious vein were the
Scottish girl's lament for her lover,
the weird, moaning strains of "The
Nightingale," and the ballad of "The
Ship in Distress." In this group Dor
othy Fuller had ample opportunity to
display her vocal power in the more
sustained notes in the lower register.
"Songs of Good Life" were sung with
freshness and spontaneity, and an in
termiss'on followed the two delightful
encores, "Would You Know How Doth
the Peasant" and "Moving the Bar
ley," with its echoing rhythmical re
frain.
"Brixham Town" was the whimsical
farewell of the winsome sisters when
all three sang to the smooth accom
paniment of Cynthia's Irish harp.
Whether Do.rothy sings, or tho merry
Rosalind, or when gentle Cynthia ad da
hr voice, their art is entrancing in lis
splr't and simplicity. Their hearers
were more than inclined to accept Ro
salind's invitation it the end of "Rob
in a-Thrush," when phe demurely an
nounced, "If you want any more I will
sinu; it again."
The Assembly Hall stage was trans
formed yesterday evening into an ear
ly Victorian parlor, when the Misses
Dorothy, Rosalind, and Cynthia Fuller
charmed their Stanford hearers with
their sprightly singing of old English
songs. From the first moment of their
appearance in quaint, old-fashioned
costumes, they won their audience.
Through a long and varied program,
these graceful figures with their bil
lowy gowns, their smoothly parted
hair, their nosegays and reticules
brought back the atmosphere of bye
gone years. Dr. R. A. Alden introduced
the Misses Fuller in behalf of the Fac
ulty Committee 011 Public Entertain
ment.
Opening the program with "The
Singers' Apolog.e," the charming per
formers gave a group of children's
songs, not designated 011 their already
generous list of offerings. Following
these came a set of "Songs of Frolic
and Mirth," in which the Misses Ful
ler captivated all by the merry aban
don with which they executed the
dancing steps and pantomime accom
panying the song.
In a more serious vein were the
Scottish girl's lament for her lover,
the weird, moaning strains of "The
Nightingale," and the ballad of "The
Ship in Distress." In this group Dor
othy Fuller had ample opportunity to
display her vocal power in the more
sustained notes in the lower register.
"Songs of Good Life" were sung with
freshness and spontaneity, and an in
termiss'on followed the two delightful
encores, "Would You Know How Doth
the Peasant" and "Moving the Bar
ley," with its echoing rhythmical re
frain.
"Brixham Town" was the whimsical
farewell of the winsome sisters when
all three sang to the smooth accom
paniment of Cynthia's Irish harp.
Whether Do.rothy sings, or tho merry
Rosalind, or when gentle Cynthia ad da
hr voice, their art is entrancing in lis
splr't and simplicity. Their hearers
were more than inclined to accept Ro
salind's invitation it the end of "Rob
in a-Thrush," when phe demurely an
nounced, "If you want any more I will
sinu; it again."
The Assembly Hall stage was trans
formed yesterday evening into an ear
ly Victorian parlor, when the Misses
Dorothy, Rosalind, and Cynthia Fuller
charmed their Stanford hearers with
their sprightly singing of old English
songs. From the first moment of their
appearance in quaint, old-fashioned
costumes, they won their audience.
Through a long and varied program,
these graceful figures with their bil
lowy gowns, their smoothly parted
hair, their nosegays and reticules
brought back the atmosphere of bye
gone years. Dr. R. A. Alden introduced
the Misses Fuller in behalf of the Fac
ulty Committee 011 Public Entertain
ment.
Opening the program with "The
Singers' Apolog.e," the charming per
formers gave a group of children's
songs, not designated 011 their already
generous list of offerings. Following
these came a set of "Songs of Frolic
and Mirth," in which the Misses Ful
ler captivated all by the merry aban
don with which they executed the
dancing steps and pantomime accom
panying the song.
In a more serious vein were the
Scottish girl's lament for her lover,
the weird, moaning strains of "The
Nightingale," and the ballad of "The
Ship in Distress." In this group Dor
othy Fuller had ample opportunity to
display her vocal power in the more
sustained notes in the lower register.
"Songs of Good Life" were sung with
freshness and spontaneity, and an in
termiss'on followed the two delightful
encores, "Would You Know How Doth
the Peasant" and "Moving the Bar
ley," with its echoing rhythmical re
frain.
"Brixham Town" was the whimsical
farewell of the winsome sisters when
all three sang to the smooth accom
paniment of Cynthia's Irish harp.
Whether Do.rothy sings, or tho merry
Rosalind, or when gentle Cynthia ad da
hr voice, their art is entrancing in lis
splr't and simplicity. Their hearers
were more than inclined to accept Ro
salind's invitation it the end of "Rob
in a-Thrush," when phe demurely an
nounced, "If you want any more I will
sinu; it again."
The Assembly Hall stage was trans
formed yesterday evening into an ear
ly Victorian parlor, when the Misses
Dorothy, Rosalind, and Cynthia Fuller
charmed their Stanford hearers with
their sprightly singing of old English
songs. From the first moment of their
appearance in quaint, old-fashioned
costumes, they won their audience.
Through a long and varied program,
these graceful figures with their bil
lowy gowns, their smoothly parted
hair, their nosegays and reticules
brought back the atmosphere of bye
gone years. Dr. R. A. Alden introduced
the Misses Fuller in behalf of the Fac
ulty Committee 011 Public Entertain
ment.
Opening the program with "The
Singers' Apolog.e," the charming per
formers gave a group of children's
songs, not designated 011 their already
generous list of offerings. Following
these came a set of "Songs of Frolic
and Mirth," in which the Misses Ful
ler captivated all by the merry aban
don with which they executed the
dancing steps and pantomime accom
panying the song.
In a more serious vein were the
Scottish girl's lament for her lover,
the weird, moaning strains of "The
Nightingale," and the ballad of "The
Ship in Distress." In this group Dor
othy Fuller had ample opportunity to
display her vocal power in the more
sustained notes in the lower register.
"Songs of Good Life" were sung with
freshness and spontaneity, and an in
termiss'on followed the two delightful
encores, "Would You Know How Doth
the Peasant" and "Moving the Bar
ley," with its echoing rhythmical re
frain.
"Brixham Town" was the whimsical
farewell of the winsome sisters when
all three sang to the smooth accom
paniment of Cynthia's Irish harp.
Whether Do.rothy sings, or tho merry
Rosalind, or when gentle Cynthia ad da
hr voice, their art is entrancing in lis
splr't and simplicity. Their hearers
were more than inclined to accept Ro
salind's invitation it the end of "Rob
in a-Thrush," when phe demurely an
nounced, "If you want any more I will
sinu; it again."
The Assembly Hall stage was trans
formed yesterday evening into an ear
ly Victorian parlor, when the Misses
Dorothy, Rosalind, and Cynthia Fuller
charmed their Stanford hearers with
their sprightly singing of old English
songs. From the first moment of their
appearance in quaint, old-fashioned
costumes, they won their audience.
Through a long and varied program,
these graceful figures with their bil
lowy gowns, their smoothly parted
hair, their nosegays and reticules
brought back the atmosphere of bye
gone years. Dr. R. A. Alden introduced
the Misses Fuller in behalf of the Fac
ulty Committee 011 Public Entertain
ment.
Opening the program with "The
Singers' Apolog.e," the charming per
formers gave a group of children's
songs, not designated 011 their already
generous list of offerings. Following
these came a set of "Songs of Frolic
and Mirth," in which the Misses Ful
ler captivated all by the merry aban
don with which they executed the
dancing steps and pantomime accom
panying the song.
In a more serious vein were the
Scottish girl's lament for her lover,
the weird, moaning strains of "The
Nightingale," and the ballad of "The
Ship in Distress." In this group Dor
othy Fuller had ample opportunity to
display her vocal power in the more
sustained notes in the lower register.
"Songs of Good Life" were sung with
freshness and spontaneity, and an in
termiss'on followed the two delightful
encores, "Would You Know How Doth
the Peasant" and "Moving the Bar
ley," with its echoing rhythmical re
frain.
"Brixham Town" was the whimsical
farewell of the winsome sisters when
all three sang to the smooth accom
paniment of Cynthia's Irish harp.
Whether Do.rothy sings, or tho merry
Rosalind, or when gentle Cynthia ad da
hr voice, their art is entrancing in lis
splr't and simplicity. Their hearers
were more than inclined to accept Ro
salind's invitation it the end of "Rob
in a-Thrush," when phe demurely an
nounced, "If you want any more I will
sinu; it again."
The Assembly Hall stage was trans
formed yesterday evening into an ear
ly Victorian parlor, when the Misses
Dorothy, Rosalind, and Cynthia Fuller
charmed their Stanford hearers with
their sprightly singing of old English
songs. From the first moment of their
appearance in quaint, old-fashioned
costumes, they won their audience.
Through a long and varied program,
these graceful figures with their bil
lowy gowns, their smoothly parted
hair, their nosegays and reticules
brought back the atmosphere of bye
gone years. Dr. R. A. Alden introduced
the Misses Fuller in behalf of the Fac
ulty Committee 011 Public Entertain
ment.
Opening the program with "The
Singers' Apolog.e," the charming per
formers gave a group of children's
songs, not designated 011 their already
generous list of offerings. Following
these came a set of "Songs of Frolic
and Mirth," in which the Misses Ful
ler captivated all by the merry aban
don with which they executed the
dancing steps and pantomime accom
panying the song.
In a more serious vein were the
Scottish girl's lament for her lover,
the weird, moaning strains of "The
Nightingale," and the ballad of "The
Ship in Distress." In this group Dor
othy Fuller had ample opportunity to
display her vocal power in the more
sustained notes in the lower register.
"Songs of Good Life" were sung with
freshness and spontaneity, and an in
termiss'on followed the two delightful
encores, "Would You Know How Doth
the Peasant" and "Moving the Bar
ley," with its echoing rhythmical re
frain.
"Brixham Town" was the whimsical
farewell of the winsome sisters when
all three sang to the smooth accom
paniment of Cynthia's Irish harp.
Whether Do.rothy sings, or tho merry
Rosalind, or when gentle Cynthia ad da
hr voice, their art is entrancing in lis
splr't and simplicity. Their hearers
were more than inclined to accept Ro
salind's invitation it the end of "Rob
in a-Thrush," when phe demurely an
nounced, "If you want any more I will
sinu; it again."
The Assembly Hall stage was trans
formed yesterday evening into an ear
ly Victorian parlor, when the Misses
Dorothy, Rosalind, and Cynthia Fuller
charmed their Stanford hearers with
their sprightly singing of old English
songs. From the first moment of their
appearance in quaint, old-fashioned
costumes, they won their audience.
Through a long and varied program,
these graceful figures with their bil
lowy gowns, their smoothly parted
hair, their nosegays and reticules
brought back the atmosphere of bye
gone years. Dr. R. A. Alden introduced
the Misses Fuller in behalf of the Fac
ulty Committee 011 Public Entertain
ment.
Opening the program with "The
Singers' Apolog.e," the charming per
formers gave a group of children's
songs, not designated 011 their already
generous list of offerings. Following
these came a set of "Songs of Frolic
and Mirth," in which the Misses Ful
ler captivated all by the merry aban
don with which they executed the
dancing steps and pantomime accom
panying the song.
In a more serious vein were the
Scottish girl's lament for her lover,
the weird, moaning strains of "The
Nightingale," and the ballad of "The
Ship in Distress." In this group Dor
othy Fuller had ample opportunity to
display her vocal power in the more
sustained notes in the lower register.
"Songs of Good Life" were sung with
freshness and spontaneity, and an in
termiss'on followed the two delightful
encores, "Would You Know How Doth
the Peasant" and "Moving the Bar
ley," with its echoing rhythmical re
frain.
"Brixham Town" was the whimsical
farewell of the winsome sisters when
all three sang to the smooth accom
paniment of Cynthia's Irish harp.
Whether Do.rothy sings, or tho merry
Rosalind, or when gentle Cynthia ad da
hr voice, their art is entrancing in lis
splr't and simplicity. Their hearers
were more than inclined to accept Ro
salind's invitation it the end of "Rob
in a-Thrush," when phe demurely an
nounced, "If you want any more I will
sinu; it again."
The Assembly Hall stage was trans
formed yesterday evening into an ear
ly Victorian parlor, when the Misses
Dorothy, Rosalind, and Cynthia Fuller
charmed their Stanford hearers with
their sprightly singing of old English
songs. From the first moment of their
appearance in quaint, old-fashioned
costumes, they won their audience.
Through a long and varied program,
these graceful figures with their bil
lowy gowns, their smoothly parted
hair, their nosegays and reticules
brought back the atmosphere of bye
gone years. Dr. R. A. Alden introduced
the Misses Fuller in behalf of the Fac
ulty Committee 011 Public Entertain
ment.
Opening the program with "The
Singers' Apolog.e," the charming per
formers gave a group of children's
songs, not designated 011 their already
generous list of offerings. Following
these came a set of "Songs of Frolic
and Mirth," in which the Misses Ful
ler captivated all by the merry aban
don with which they executed the
dancing steps and pantomime accom
panying the song.
In a more serious vein were the
Scottish girl's lament for her lover,
the weird, moaning strains of "The
Nightingale," and the ballad of "The
Ship in Distress." In this group Dor
othy Fuller had ample opportunity to
display her vocal power in the more
sustained notes in the lower register.
"Songs of Good Life" were sung with
freshness and spontaneity, and an in
termiss'on followed the two delightful
encores, "Would You Know How Doth
the Peasant" and "Moving the Bar
ley," with its echoing rhythmical re
frain.
"Brixham Town" was the whimsical
farewell of the winsome sisters when
all three sang to the smooth accom
paniment of Cynthia's Irish harp.
Whether Do.rothy sings, or tho merry
Rosalind, or when gentle Cynthia ad da
hr voice, their art is entrancing in lis
splr't and simplicity. Their hearers
were more than inclined to accept Ro
salind's invitation it the end of "Rob
in a-Thrush," when phe demurely an
nounced, "If you want any more I will
sinu; it again."
