# NO AGREEMENT
## 
### 
No action has been taken by the In
tercollegiate Agreement Committee to
arrive at an amicable understanding
and reach a satisfactory conclusion of
the present situation. The matter was
left in the hands of the California com
mittee to call a meeting of the repre
sentatives of the two Universities, if
the tentative agreement was found
impractical and impossible as a means
of solving the problem. The tentative
agreement has been abandoned. At
the present time it does not seem that
either California or Stanford has
changed in their views as to the eligi
bility of Freshmen in intercollegiate
varsity contests. A deadlock is bound
to ensue unless the point at issue is
dropped, and some other means of
reaching a settlement is adopted.
As a means of getting together on
some proposition, it has been suggest
ed that Stanford and California com
pete without an agreement. California,
as well as Stanford, competes with
other college teams without an agree
ment, and it seems reasonable to sup
pose that a similar basis could be ar
ranged between the two Universities.
There is considerable criticism that
such a plan would not be practical for
the reason that one or the other would
have the idea that its opponents were
trying to slip something over. In or
der to perfect a non-agreement basis
of competition it would be necessary
for both institutions to have absolute
confidence in the integrity of each
other.
Each institution would have its own
standards of sportsmanship. The
spirit, rather than the rule, would gov
ern the competition, amateurism could
be controled by the rules of the Ama
teur Athletic Union. If California de
sired to eliminate Freshmen from var
sity competition, and believed in her
present stand, she could do it. If her
scholarship standards were lower than
those of Stanford it would not be nec
essary to change them in order
to compete with the Cardinal team.
Clean, uncommercialized sportsman
ship would lie expected. In fact, neith

er team could afford to adopt any oth
er standards, which might be of a
questionable caliber.
This plan for competition on a non
agreement basis would .result in an
ideal situation. The scheme is applied
to intercollegiate competition in bas
ketball and soccer, and has proven sat
isfactory. It may not be practical in
major sport competition, upon fftrther
analysis, but is something that de
serves careful consideration in arriv
ing at an amicable solution of the in
tercollegiate deadlock.
