# Adv. 21 Page 8
## 
### 
Student films
The Stanford Film Cooper
ative is presenting 26 student
tilms tomorrow night in the
first annual Stanford Student
Film Festival. The Festival,
to be held in Cubberly
Auditorium at 8 p.m., will
feature works by both gradu
ates and undergraduates.
Admission is $1.00 at the
door, and the popcorn is tree.
Student films
The Stanford Film Cooper
ative is presenting 26 student
tilms tomorrow night in the
first annual Stanford Student
Film Festival. The Festival,
to be held in Cubberly
Auditorium at 8 p.m., will
feature works by both gradu
ates and undergraduates.
Admission is $1.00 at the
door, and the popcorn is tree.
Student films
The Stanford Film Cooper
ative is presenting 26 student
tilms tomorrow night in the
first annual Stanford Student
Film Festival. The Festival,
to be held in Cubberly
Auditorium at 8 p.m., will
feature works by both gradu
ates and undergraduates.
Admission is $1.00 at the
door, and the popcorn is tree.
Student films
The Stanford Film Cooper
ative is presenting 26 student
tilms tomorrow night in the
first annual Stanford Student
Film Festival. The Festival,
to be held in Cubberly
Auditorium at 8 p.m., will
feature works by both gradu
ates and undergraduates.
Admission is $1.00 at the
door, and the popcorn is tree.
Student films
The Stanford Film Cooper
ative is presenting 26 student
tilms tomorrow night in the
first annual Stanford Student
Film Festival. The Festival,
to be held in Cubberly
Auditorium at 8 p.m., will
feature works by both gradu
ates and undergraduates.
Admission is $1.00 at the
door, and the popcorn is tree.
Student films
The Stanford Film Cooper
ative is presenting 26 student
tilms tomorrow night in the
first annual Stanford Student
Film Festival. The Festival,
to be held in Cubberly
Auditorium at 8 p.m., will
feature works by both gradu
ates and undergraduates.
Admission is $1.00 at the
door, and the popcorn is tree.
Student films
The Stanford Film Cooper
ative is presenting 26 student
tilms tomorrow night in the
first annual Stanford Student
Film Festival. The Festival,
to be held in Cubberly
Auditorium at 8 p.m., will
feature works by both gradu
ates and undergraduates.
Admission is $1.00 at the
door, and the popcorn is tree.
Student films
The Stanford Film Cooper
ative is presenting 26 student
tilms tomorrow night in the
first annual Stanford Student
Film Festival. The Festival,
to be held in Cubberly
Auditorium at 8 p.m., will
feature works by both gradu
ates and undergraduates.
Admission is $1.00 at the
door, and the popcorn is tree.
Student films
The Stanford Film Cooper
ative is presenting 26 student
tilms tomorrow night in the
first annual Stanford Student
Film Festival. The Festival,
to be held in Cubberly
Auditorium at 8 p.m., will
feature works by both gradu
ates and undergraduates.
Admission is $1.00 at the
door, and the popcorn is tree.
