# Untitled Article
## 
### 
On April 13 an address entitled
"Geologic Essentials of a Mine Re
port" will be delivered to the Geology
and Mining students by C. De Kalb o r
the "Mining and Scientific Press."
Owing to the wide expression of Do
Kalb this lecture should be of great
interest to those interested in this
branch of work.
On April 13 an address entitled
"Geologic Essentials of a Mine Re
port" will be delivered to the Geology
and Mining students by C. De Kalb o r
the "Mining and Scientific Press."
Owing to the wide expression of Do
Kalb this lecture should be of great
interest to those interested in this
branch of work.
On April 13 an address entitled
"Geologic Essentials of a Mine Re
port" will be delivered to the Geology
and Mining students by C. De Kalb o r
the "Mining and Scientific Press."
Owing to the wide expression of Do
Kalb this lecture should be of great
interest to those interested in this
branch of work.
On April 13 an address entitled
"Geologic Essentials of a Mine Re
port" will be delivered to the Geology
and Mining students by C. De Kalb o r
the "Mining and Scientific Press."
Owing to the wide expression of Do
Kalb this lecture should be of great
interest to those interested in this
branch of work.
On April 13 an address entitled
"Geologic Essentials of a Mine Re
port" will be delivered to the Geology
and Mining students by C. De Kalb o r
the "Mining and Scientific Press."
Owing to the wide expression of Do
Kalb this lecture should be of great
interest to those interested in this
branch of work.
On April 13 an address entitled
"Geologic Essentials of a Mine Re
port" will be delivered to the Geology
and Mining students by C. De Kalb o r
the "Mining and Scientific Press."
Owing to the wide expression of Do
Kalb this lecture should be of great
interest to those interested in this
branch of work.
On April 13 an address entitled
"Geologic Essentials of a Mine Re
port" will be delivered to the Geology
and Mining students by C. De Kalb o r
the "Mining and Scientific Press."
Owing to the wide expression of Do
Kalb this lecture should be of great
interest to those interested in this
branch of work.
On April 13 an address entitled
"Geologic Essentials of a Mine Re
port" will be delivered to the Geology
and Mining students by C. De Kalb o r
the "Mining and Scientific Press."
Owing to the wide expression of Do
Kalb this lecture should be of great
interest to those interested in this
branch of work.
On April 13 an address entitled
"Geologic Essentials of a Mine Re
port" will be delivered to the Geology
and Mining students by C. De Kalb o r
the "Mining and Scientific Press."
Owing to the wide expression of Do
Kalb this lecture should be of great
interest to those interested in this
branch of work.
On April 13 an address entitled
"Geologic Essentials of a Mine Re
port" will be delivered to the Geology
and Mining students by C. De Kalb o r
the "Mining and Scientific Press."
Owing to the wide expression of Do
Kalb this lecture should be of great
interest to those interested in this
branch of work.
