# BASKETBALL SEASON'S HERE
## 
### 

H<iß BURNETT S basket bailers
start the easaba season rolling
with games against C'al Poly to
night and a squad composed of
former Card players Saturday
nighl. Sec Dick Klein's 'lory on
page 1.

H<iß BURNETT S basket bailers
start the easaba season rolling
with games against C'al Poly to
night and a squad composed of
former Card players Saturday
nighl. Sec Dick Klein's 'lory on
page 1.

H<iß BURNETT S basket bailers
start the easaba season rolling
with games against C'al Poly to
night and a squad composed of
former Card players Saturday
nighl. Sec Dick Klein's 'lory on
page 1.

H<iß BURNETT S basket bailers
start the easaba season rolling
with games against C'al Poly to
night and a squad composed of
former Card players Saturday
nighl. Sec Dick Klein's 'lory on
page 1.

H<iß BURNETT S basket bailers
start the easaba season rolling
with games against C'al Poly to
night and a squad composed of
former Card players Saturday
nighl. Sec Dick Klein's 'lory on
page 1.

H<iß BURNETT S basket bailers
start the easaba season rolling
with games against C'al Poly to
night and a squad composed of
former Card players Saturday
nighl. Sec Dick Klein's 'lory on
page 1.

H<iß BURNETT S basket bailers
start the easaba season rolling
with games against C'al Poly to
night and a squad composed of
former Card players Saturday
nighl. Sec Dick Klein's 'lory on
page 1.

H<iß BURNETT S basket bailers
start the easaba season rolling
with games against C'al Poly to
night and a squad composed of
former Card players Saturday
nighl. Sec Dick Klein's 'lory on
page 1.

H<iß BURNETT S basket bailers
start the easaba season rolling
with games against C'al Poly to
night and a squad composed of
former Card players Saturday
nighl. Sec Dick Klein's 'lory on
page 1.

H<iß BURNETT S basket bailers
start the easaba season rolling
with games against C'al Poly to
night and a squad composed of
former Card players Saturday
nighl. Sec Dick Klein's 'lory on
page 1.

H<iß BURNETT S basket bailers
start the easaba season rolling
with games against C'al Poly to
night and a squad composed of
former Card players Saturday
nighl. Sec Dick Klein's 'lory on
page 1.

H<iß BURNETT S basket bailers
start the easaba season rolling
with games against C'al Poly to
night and a squad composed of
former Card players Saturday
nighl. Sec Dick Klein's 'lory on
page 1.

H<iß BURNETT S basket bailers
start the easaba season rolling
with games against C'al Poly to
night and a squad composed of
former Card players Saturday
nighl. Sec Dick Klein's 'lory on
page 1.

H<iß BURNETT S basket bailers
start the easaba season rolling
with games against C'al Poly to
night and a squad composed of
former Card players Saturday
nighl. Sec Dick Klein's 'lory on
page 1.

H<iß BURNETT S basket bailers
start the easaba season rolling
with games against C'al Poly to
night and a squad composed of
former Card players Saturday
nighl. Sec Dick Klein's 'lory on
page 1.
