# Church Calendar
## 
### 
Sunday, Dec. 2
9 a.m. —Celebration of Holy Com
munion.
11 a.m.—Regular church service
with Rabbi Irving F. Reichert
preaching on "The Permanent and
Changeable in Human Life."
Wednesday, Dec. 5
9 p.m.—Celebration of Holy Com
munion at a Candlelight Service.
Friday, Dec. 7
8 p.m.—Choir will sing at Candle
light Service.
Sunday, Dec. 9
11 a.m. — A service of Christmas
praise.
4 p.m.—Herbert B. Nanney will
present a Christmas organ recital.
Sunday, Dec. 2
9 a.m. —Celebration of Holy Com
munion.
11 a.m.—Regular church service
with Rabbi Irving F. Reichert
preaching on "The Permanent and
Changeable in Human Life."
Wednesday, Dec. 5
9 p.m.—Celebration of Holy Com
munion at a Candlelight Service.
Friday, Dec. 7
8 p.m.—Choir will sing at Candle
light Service.
Sunday, Dec. 9
11 a.m. — A service of Christmas
praise.
4 p.m.—Herbert B. Nanney will
present a Christmas organ recital.
Sunday, Dec. 2
9 a.m. —Celebration of Holy Com
munion.
11 a.m.—Regular church service
with Rabbi Irving F. Reichert
preaching on "The Permanent and
Changeable in Human Life."
Wednesday, Dec. 5
9 p.m.—Celebration of Holy Com
munion at a Candlelight Service.
Friday, Dec. 7
8 p.m.—Choir will sing at Candle
light Service.
Sunday, Dec. 9
11 a.m. — A service of Christmas
praise.
4 p.m.—Herbert B. Nanney will
present a Christmas organ recital.
Sunday, Dec. 2
9 a.m. —Celebration of Holy Com
munion.
11 a.m.—Regular church service
with Rabbi Irving F. Reichert
preaching on "The Permanent and
Changeable in Human Life."
Wednesday, Dec. 5
9 p.m.—Celebration of Holy Com
munion at a Candlelight Service.
Friday, Dec. 7
8 p.m.—Choir will sing at Candle
light Service.
Sunday, Dec. 9
11 a.m. — A service of Christmas
praise.
4 p.m.—Herbert B. Nanney will
present a Christmas organ recital.
Sunday, Dec. 2
9 a.m. —Celebration of Holy Com
munion.
11 a.m.—Regular church service
with Rabbi Irving F. Reichert
preaching on "The Permanent and
Changeable in Human Life."
Wednesday, Dec. 5
9 p.m.—Celebration of Holy Com
munion at a Candlelight Service.
Friday, Dec. 7
8 p.m.—Choir will sing at Candle
light Service.
Sunday, Dec. 9
11 a.m. — A service of Christmas
praise.
4 p.m.—Herbert B. Nanney will
present a Christmas organ recital.
Sunday, Dec. 2
9 a.m. —Celebration of Holy Com
munion.
11 a.m.—Regular church service
with Rabbi Irving F. Reichert
preaching on "The Permanent and
Changeable in Human Life."
Wednesday, Dec. 5
9 p.m.—Celebration of Holy Com
munion at a Candlelight Service.
Friday, Dec. 7
8 p.m.—Choir will sing at Candle
light Service.
Sunday, Dec. 9
11 a.m. — A service of Christmas
praise.
4 p.m.—Herbert B. Nanney will
present a Christmas organ recital.
Sunday, Dec. 2
9 a.m. —Celebration of Holy Com
munion.
11 a.m.—Regular church service
with Rabbi Irving F. Reichert
preaching on "The Permanent and
Changeable in Human Life."
Wednesday, Dec. 5
9 p.m.—Celebration of Holy Com
munion at a Candlelight Service.
Friday, Dec. 7
8 p.m.—Choir will sing at Candle
light Service.
Sunday, Dec. 9
11 a.m. — A service of Christmas
praise.
4 p.m.—Herbert B. Nanney will
present a Christmas organ recital.
Sunday, Dec. 2
9 a.m. —Celebration of Holy Com
munion.
11 a.m.—Regular church service
with Rabbi Irving F. Reichert
preaching on "The Permanent and
Changeable in Human Life."
Wednesday, Dec. 5
9 p.m.—Celebration of Holy Com
munion at a Candlelight Service.
Friday, Dec. 7
8 p.m.—Choir will sing at Candle
light Service.
Sunday, Dec. 9
11 a.m. — A service of Christmas
praise.
4 p.m.—Herbert B. Nanney will
present a Christmas organ recital.
Sunday, Dec. 2
9 a.m. —Celebration of Holy Com
munion.
11 a.m.—Regular church service
with Rabbi Irving F. Reichert
preaching on "The Permanent and
Changeable in Human Life."
Wednesday, Dec. 5
9 p.m.—Celebration of Holy Com
munion at a Candlelight Service.
Friday, Dec. 7
8 p.m.—Choir will sing at Candle
light Service.
Sunday, Dec. 9
11 a.m. — A service of Christmas
praise.
4 p.m.—Herbert B. Nanney will
present a Christmas organ recital.
Sunday, Dec. 2
9 a.m. —Celebration of Holy Com
munion.
11 a.m.—Regular church service
with Rabbi Irving F. Reichert
preaching on "The Permanent and
Changeable in Human Life."
Wednesday, Dec. 5
9 p.m.—Celebration of Holy Com
munion at a Candlelight Service.
Friday, Dec. 7
8 p.m.—Choir will sing at Candle
light Service.
Sunday, Dec. 9
11 a.m. — A service of Christmas
praise.
4 p.m.—Herbert B. Nanney will
present a Christmas organ recital.
Sunday, Dec. 2
9 a.m. —Celebration of Holy Com
munion.
11 a.m.—Regular church service
with Rabbi Irving F. Reichert
preaching on "The Permanent and
Changeable in Human Life."
Wednesday, Dec. 5
9 p.m.—Celebration of Holy Com
munion at a Candlelight Service.
Friday, Dec. 7
8 p.m.—Choir will sing at Candle
light Service.
Sunday, Dec. 9
11 a.m. — A service of Christmas
praise.
4 p.m.—Herbert B. Nanney will
present a Christmas organ recital.
Sunday, Dec. 2
9 a.m. —Celebration of Holy Com
munion.
11 a.m.—Regular church service
with Rabbi Irving F. Reichert
preaching on "The Permanent and
Changeable in Human Life."
Wednesday, Dec. 5
9 p.m.—Celebration of Holy Com
munion at a Candlelight Service.
Friday, Dec. 7
8 p.m.—Choir will sing at Candle
light Service.
Sunday, Dec. 9
11 a.m. — A service of Christmas
praise.
4 p.m.—Herbert B. Nanney will
present a Christmas organ recital.
Sunday, Dec. 2
9 a.m. —Celebration of Holy Com
munion.
11 a.m.—Regular church service
with Rabbi Irving F. Reichert
preaching on "The Permanent and
Changeable in Human Life."
Wednesday, Dec. 5
9 p.m.—Celebration of Holy Com
munion at a Candlelight Service.
Friday, Dec. 7
8 p.m.—Choir will sing at Candle
light Service.
Sunday, Dec. 9
11 a.m. — A service of Christmas
praise.
4 p.m.—Herbert B. Nanney will
present a Christmas organ recital.
Sunday, Dec. 2
9 a.m. —Celebration of Holy Com
munion.
11 a.m.—Regular church service
with Rabbi Irving F. Reichert
preaching on "The Permanent and
Changeable in Human Life."
Wednesday, Dec. 5
9 p.m.—Celebration of Holy Com
munion at a Candlelight Service.
Friday, Dec. 7
8 p.m.—Choir will sing at Candle
light Service.
Sunday, Dec. 9
11 a.m. — A service of Christmas
praise.
4 p.m.—Herbert B. Nanney will
present a Christmas organ recital.
Sunday, Dec. 2
9 a.m. —Celebration of Holy Com
munion.
11 a.m.—Regular church service
with Rabbi Irving F. Reichert
preaching on "The Permanent and
Changeable in Human Life."
Wednesday, Dec. 5
9 p.m.—Celebration of Holy Com
munion at a Candlelight Service.
Friday, Dec. 7
8 p.m.—Choir will sing at Candle
light Service.
Sunday, Dec. 9
11 a.m. — A service of Christmas
praise.
4 p.m.—Herbert B. Nanney will
present a Christmas organ recital.
