# AND POLAR HEARS
## 
### 
Prize fighters may be able to as
similate a world of punishment, but
the average college student, due to
his tender years and undersized con
stitution, weakened through search
for knowledge, has a well defined
limit to the amount of suffering which
he may safely imbibe. Despite this
undeniable truth, the male population
of Stanford, on partaking of a little
enjoyable and beneficial exercise,
must, simultaneously undergo the trib
ulations of Hades. Polar bears might
revel in the icy waters of the gym
nasium showers, but these same cold
waters have a dampening and cflilling
effect upon the love of sport. Hence
The Daily Palo Alto would like to
unite with the coughing frozen throng
that inhabits the gymnasium in ap
pealing to the authorities for haste
in constructing the hot water plant.
