# Anita Allen Off to Columbia for Journalism Work
## 
### 
Anita Allen left on the 8 o'clock
train this morning for Columbia Uni
versity, where she will study to ob
tain a degree in Journalism, which
corresponds to a H. A. at Stanford.
Miss Allen will join the Stanford
colony at Columbia, living with Miss
Edith Mirrielees and Mrs. Theresa
Russell. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Hill are
also numbered among the colony
members Ibis year,
Gertrude Clancy, '16, left on the
same train this morning to take her
M. A. degree in History at Columbia.
Miss Allen's absence is temporary
only, for she expects to return to
graduate from Stanford next year.
Anita Allen left on the 8 o'clock
train this morning for Columbia Uni
versity, where she will study to ob
tain a degree in Journalism, which
corresponds to a H. A. at Stanford.
Miss Allen will join the Stanford
colony at Columbia, living with Miss
Edith Mirrielees and Mrs. Theresa
Russell. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Hill are
also numbered among the colony
members Ibis year,
Gertrude Clancy, '16, left on the
same train this morning to take her
M. A. degree in History at Columbia.
Miss Allen's absence is temporary
only, for she expects to return to
graduate from Stanford next year.
Anita Allen left on the 8 o'clock
train this morning for Columbia Uni
versity, where she will study to ob
tain a degree in Journalism, which
corresponds to a H. A. at Stanford.
Miss Allen will join the Stanford
colony at Columbia, living with Miss
Edith Mirrielees and Mrs. Theresa
Russell. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Hill are
also numbered among the colony
members Ibis year,
Gertrude Clancy, '16, left on the
same train this morning to take her
M. A. degree in History at Columbia.
Miss Allen's absence is temporary
only, for she expects to return to
graduate from Stanford next year.
Anita Allen left on the 8 o'clock
train this morning for Columbia Uni
versity, where she will study to ob
tain a degree in Journalism, which
corresponds to a H. A. at Stanford.
Miss Allen will join the Stanford
colony at Columbia, living with Miss
Edith Mirrielees and Mrs. Theresa
Russell. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Hill are
also numbered among the colony
members Ibis year,
Gertrude Clancy, '16, left on the
same train this morning to take her
M. A. degree in History at Columbia.
Miss Allen's absence is temporary
only, for she expects to return to
graduate from Stanford next year.
Anita Allen left on the 8 o'clock
train this morning for Columbia Uni
versity, where she will study to ob
tain a degree in Journalism, which
corresponds to a H. A. at Stanford.
Miss Allen will join the Stanford
colony at Columbia, living with Miss
Edith Mirrielees and Mrs. Theresa
Russell. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Hill are
also numbered among the colony
members Ibis year,
Gertrude Clancy, '16, left on the
same train this morning to take her
M. A. degree in History at Columbia.
Miss Allen's absence is temporary
only, for she expects to return to
graduate from Stanford next year.
Anita Allen left on the 8 o'clock
train this morning for Columbia Uni
versity, where she will study to ob
tain a degree in Journalism, which
corresponds to a H. A. at Stanford.
Miss Allen will join the Stanford
colony at Columbia, living with Miss
Edith Mirrielees and Mrs. Theresa
Russell. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Hill are
also numbered among the colony
members Ibis year,
Gertrude Clancy, '16, left on the
same train this morning to take her
M. A. degree in History at Columbia.
Miss Allen's absence is temporary
only, for she expects to return to
graduate from Stanford next year.
Anita Allen left on the 8 o'clock
train this morning for Columbia Uni
versity, where she will study to ob
tain a degree in Journalism, which
corresponds to a H. A. at Stanford.
Miss Allen will join the Stanford
colony at Columbia, living with Miss
Edith Mirrielees and Mrs. Theresa
Russell. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Hill are
also numbered among the colony
members Ibis year,
Gertrude Clancy, '16, left on the
same train this morning to take her
M. A. degree in History at Columbia.
Miss Allen's absence is temporary
only, for she expects to return to
graduate from Stanford next year.
Anita Allen left on the 8 o'clock
train this morning for Columbia Uni
versity, where she will study to ob
tain a degree in Journalism, which
corresponds to a H. A. at Stanford.
Miss Allen will join the Stanford
colony at Columbia, living with Miss
Edith Mirrielees and Mrs. Theresa
Russell. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Hill are
also numbered among the colony
members Ibis year,
Gertrude Clancy, '16, left on the
same train this morning to take her
M. A. degree in History at Columbia.
Miss Allen's absence is temporary
only, for she expects to return to
graduate from Stanford next year.
Anita Allen left on the 8 o'clock
train this morning for Columbia Uni
versity, where she will study to ob
tain a degree in Journalism, which
corresponds to a H. A. at Stanford.
Miss Allen will join the Stanford
colony at Columbia, living with Miss
Edith Mirrielees and Mrs. Theresa
Russell. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Hill are
also numbered among the colony
members Ibis year,
Gertrude Clancy, '16, left on the
same train this morning to take her
M. A. degree in History at Columbia.
Miss Allen's absence is temporary
only, for she expects to return to
graduate from Stanford next year.
Anita Allen left on the 8 o'clock
train this morning for Columbia Uni
versity, where she will study to ob
tain a degree in Journalism, which
corresponds to a H. A. at Stanford.
Miss Allen will join the Stanford
colony at Columbia, living with Miss
Edith Mirrielees and Mrs. Theresa
Russell. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Hill are
also numbered among the colony
members Ibis year,
Gertrude Clancy, '16, left on the
same train this morning to take her
M. A. degree in History at Columbia.
Miss Allen's absence is temporary
only, for she expects to return to
graduate from Stanford next year.
Anita Allen left on the 8 o'clock
train this morning for Columbia Uni
versity, where she will study to ob
tain a degree in Journalism, which
corresponds to a H. A. at Stanford.
Miss Allen will join the Stanford
colony at Columbia, living with Miss
Edith Mirrielees and Mrs. Theresa
Russell. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Hill are
also numbered among the colony
members Ibis year,
Gertrude Clancy, '16, left on the
same train this morning to take her
M. A. degree in History at Columbia.
Miss Allen's absence is temporary
only, for she expects to return to
graduate from Stanford next year.
Anita Allen left on the 8 o'clock
train this morning for Columbia Uni
versity, where she will study to ob
tain a degree in Journalism, which
corresponds to a H. A. at Stanford.
Miss Allen will join the Stanford
colony at Columbia, living with Miss
Edith Mirrielees and Mrs. Theresa
Russell. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Hill are
also numbered among the colony
members Ibis year,
Gertrude Clancy, '16, left on the
same train this morning to take her
M. A. degree in History at Columbia.
Miss Allen's absence is temporary
only, for she expects to return to
graduate from Stanford next year.
Anita Allen left on the 8 o'clock
train this morning for Columbia Uni
versity, where she will study to ob
tain a degree in Journalism, which
corresponds to a H. A. at Stanford.
Miss Allen will join the Stanford
colony at Columbia, living with Miss
Edith Mirrielees and Mrs. Theresa
Russell. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Hill are
also numbered among the colony
members Ibis year,
Gertrude Clancy, '16, left on the
same train this morning to take her
M. A. degree in History at Columbia.
Miss Allen's absence is temporary
only, for she expects to return to
graduate from Stanford next year.
Anita Allen left on the 8 o'clock
train this morning for Columbia Uni
versity, where she will study to ob
tain a degree in Journalism, which
corresponds to a H. A. at Stanford.
Miss Allen will join the Stanford
colony at Columbia, living with Miss
Edith Mirrielees and Mrs. Theresa
Russell. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Hill are
also numbered among the colony
members Ibis year,
Gertrude Clancy, '16, left on the
same train this morning to take her
M. A. degree in History at Columbia.
Miss Allen's absence is temporary
only, for she expects to return to
graduate from Stanford next year.
