# Seniors Meet Friday for Nomination of Officers
## 
### 
Nominations for the officers of the
senior class for this semester will be
in order at a meeting of the class to
lie held next Friday, in room 214, at
1 p.m. In the absence from the cam
pus of E. R. Heal, '17, president of
the senior class, the meeting will be
called by Vice-President 11. V. Aup
perle, '17. All seniors are urged to
be present at this meeting, as it is
of great importance to the class.
Nominations for the officers of the
senior class for this semester will be
in order at a meeting of the class to
lie held next Friday, in room 214, at
1 p.m. In the absence from the cam
pus of E. R. Heal, '17, president of
the senior class, the meeting will be
called by Vice-President 11. V. Aup
perle, '17. All seniors are urged to
be present at this meeting, as it is
of great importance to the class.
Nominations for the officers of the
senior class for this semester will be
in order at a meeting of the class to
lie held next Friday, in room 214, at
1 p.m. In the absence from the cam
pus of E. R. Heal, '17, president of
the senior class, the meeting will be
called by Vice-President 11. V. Aup
perle, '17. All seniors are urged to
be present at this meeting, as it is
of great importance to the class.
Nominations for the officers of the
senior class for this semester will be
in order at a meeting of the class to
lie held next Friday, in room 214, at
1 p.m. In the absence from the cam
pus of E. R. Heal, '17, president of
the senior class, the meeting will be
called by Vice-President 11. V. Aup
perle, '17. All seniors are urged to
be present at this meeting, as it is
of great importance to the class.
Nominations for the officers of the
senior class for this semester will be
in order at a meeting of the class to
lie held next Friday, in room 214, at
1 p.m. In the absence from the cam
pus of E. R. Heal, '17, president of
the senior class, the meeting will be
called by Vice-President 11. V. Aup
perle, '17. All seniors are urged to
be present at this meeting, as it is
of great importance to the class.
Nominations for the officers of the
senior class for this semester will be
in order at a meeting of the class to
lie held next Friday, in room 214, at
1 p.m. In the absence from the cam
pus of E. R. Heal, '17, president of
the senior class, the meeting will be
called by Vice-President 11. V. Aup
perle, '17. All seniors are urged to
be present at this meeting, as it is
of great importance to the class.
Nominations for the officers of the
senior class for this semester will be
in order at a meeting of the class to
lie held next Friday, in room 214, at
1 p.m. In the absence from the cam
pus of E. R. Heal, '17, president of
the senior class, the meeting will be
called by Vice-President 11. V. Aup
perle, '17. All seniors are urged to
be present at this meeting, as it is
of great importance to the class.
Nominations for the officers of the
senior class for this semester will be
in order at a meeting of the class to
lie held next Friday, in room 214, at
1 p.m. In the absence from the cam
pus of E. R. Heal, '17, president of
the senior class, the meeting will be
called by Vice-President 11. V. Aup
perle, '17. All seniors are urged to
be present at this meeting, as it is
of great importance to the class.
Nominations for the officers of the
senior class for this semester will be
in order at a meeting of the class to
lie held next Friday, in room 214, at
1 p.m. In the absence from the cam
pus of E. R. Heal, '17, president of
the senior class, the meeting will be
called by Vice-President 11. V. Aup
perle, '17. All seniors are urged to
be present at this meeting, as it is
of great importance to the class.
Nominations for the officers of the
senior class for this semester will be
in order at a meeting of the class to
lie held next Friday, in room 214, at
1 p.m. In the absence from the cam
pus of E. R. Heal, '17, president of
the senior class, the meeting will be
called by Vice-President 11. V. Aup
perle, '17. All seniors are urged to
be present at this meeting, as it is
of great importance to the class.
Nominations for the officers of the
senior class for this semester will be
in order at a meeting of the class to
lie held next Friday, in room 214, at
1 p.m. In the absence from the cam
pus of E. R. Heal, '17, president of
the senior class, the meeting will be
called by Vice-President 11. V. Aup
perle, '17. All seniors are urged to
be present at this meeting, as it is
of great importance to the class.
Nominations for the officers of the
senior class for this semester will be
in order at a meeting of the class to
lie held next Friday, in room 214, at
1 p.m. In the absence from the cam
pus of E. R. Heal, '17, president of
the senior class, the meeting will be
called by Vice-President 11. V. Aup
perle, '17. All seniors are urged to
be present at this meeting, as it is
of great importance to the class.
Nominations for the officers of the
senior class for this semester will be
in order at a meeting of the class to
lie held next Friday, in room 214, at
1 p.m. In the absence from the cam
pus of E. R. Heal, '17, president of
the senior class, the meeting will be
called by Vice-President 11. V. Aup
perle, '17. All seniors are urged to
be present at this meeting, as it is
of great importance to the class.
Nominations for the officers of the
senior class for this semester will be
in order at a meeting of the class to
lie held next Friday, in room 214, at
1 p.m. In the absence from the cam
pus of E. R. Heal, '17, president of
the senior class, the meeting will be
called by Vice-President 11. V. Aup
perle, '17. All seniors are urged to
be present at this meeting, as it is
of great importance to the class.
