# University Bulletin.
## 
### 
Thursday.
Antigone performance, Assembly
Hall, 8:00.
Friday.
Geological lecture, Dr. J. C. Mer
riam, Chemistry lecture room,
7:30.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, chap
el, 7:30.
Thursday.
Antigone performance, Assembly
Hall, 8:00.
Friday.
Geological lecture, Dr. J. C. Mer
riam, Chemistry lecture room,
7:30.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, chap
el, 7:30.
Thursday.
Antigone performance, Assembly
Hall, 8:00.
Friday.
Geological lecture, Dr. J. C. Mer
riam, Chemistry lecture room,
7:30.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, chap
el, 7:30.
Thursday.
Antigone performance, Assembly
Hall, 8:00.
Friday.
Geological lecture, Dr. J. C. Mer
riam, Chemistry lecture room,
7:30.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, chap
el, 7:30.
Thursday.
Antigone performance, Assembly
Hall, 8:00.
Friday.
Geological lecture, Dr. J. C. Mer
riam, Chemistry lecture room,
7:30.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, chap
el, 7:30.
Thursday.
Antigone performance, Assembly
Hall, 8:00.
Friday.
Geological lecture, Dr. J. C. Mer
riam, Chemistry lecture room,
7:30.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, chap
el, 7:30.
Thursday.
Antigone performance, Assembly
Hall, 8:00.
Friday.
Geological lecture, Dr. J. C. Mer
riam, Chemistry lecture room,
7:30.
Sophomore-Freshman debate, chap
el, 7:30.
