# Captain Fenton Has Returned.
## 
### 
Captain K. L. Fenton, of the var
sity baseball team, arrived on the
Campus this morning. He has an
nounced a meeting of the baseball
men for Thursday afternoon and
then plans for the baseball season
will be discussed.
Captain Koerner, of the football
team, is expected to reach the Cam
pus tomorrow.
Captain K. L. Fenton, of the var
sity baseball team, arrived on the
Campus this morning. He has an
nounced a meeting of the baseball
men for Thursday afternoon and
then plans for the baseball season
will be discussed.
Captain Koerner, of the football
team, is expected to reach the Cam
pus tomorrow.
Captain K. L. Fenton, of the var
sity baseball team, arrived on the
Campus this morning. He has an
nounced a meeting of the baseball
men for Thursday afternoon and
then plans for the baseball season
will be discussed.
Captain Koerner, of the football
team, is expected to reach the Cam
pus tomorrow.
Captain K. L. Fenton, of the var
sity baseball team, arrived on the
Campus this morning. He has an
nounced a meeting of the baseball
men for Thursday afternoon and
then plans for the baseball season
will be discussed.
Captain Koerner, of the football
team, is expected to reach the Cam
pus tomorrow.
Captain K. L. Fenton, of the var
sity baseball team, arrived on the
Campus this morning. He has an
nounced a meeting of the baseball
men for Thursday afternoon and
then plans for the baseball season
will be discussed.
Captain Koerner, of the football
team, is expected to reach the Cam
pus tomorrow.
Captain K. L. Fenton, of the var
sity baseball team, arrived on the
Campus this morning. He has an
nounced a meeting of the baseball
men for Thursday afternoon and
then plans for the baseball season
will be discussed.
Captain Koerner, of the football
team, is expected to reach the Cam
pus tomorrow.
Captain K. L. Fenton, of the var
sity baseball team, arrived on the
Campus this morning. He has an
nounced a meeting of the baseball
men for Thursday afternoon and
then plans for the baseball season
will be discussed.
Captain Koerner, of the football
team, is expected to reach the Cam
pus tomorrow.
Captain K. L. Fenton, of the var
sity baseball team, arrived on the
Campus this morning. He has an
nounced a meeting of the baseball
men for Thursday afternoon and
then plans for the baseball season
will be discussed.
Captain Koerner, of the football
team, is expected to reach the Cam
pus tomorrow.
Captain K. L. Fenton, of the var
sity baseball team, arrived on the
Campus this morning. He has an
nounced a meeting of the baseball
men for Thursday afternoon and
then plans for the baseball season
will be discussed.
Captain Koerner, of the football
team, is expected to reach the Cam
pus tomorrow.
Captain K. L. Fenton, of the var
sity baseball team, arrived on the
Campus this morning. He has an
nounced a meeting of the baseball
men for Thursday afternoon and
then plans for the baseball season
will be discussed.
Captain Koerner, of the football
team, is expected to reach the Cam
pus tomorrow.
