# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Band in Lagunita
The Stanford Bana surprised some awed freshmen with a
nonspontaneous rally at Lagunita Court on Friday night. While

drum major Jim Jett faced the music, Dollies Carla Murray,
Cathie Pelton and Heidi Jacobsen (I. to r.) made waves.

Band in Lagunita
The Stanford Bana surprised some awed freshmen with a
nonspontaneous rally at Lagunita Court on Friday night. While

drum major Jim Jett faced the music, Dollies Carla Murray,
Cathie Pelton and Heidi Jacobsen (I. to r.) made waves.

Band in Lagunita
The Stanford Bana surprised some awed freshmen with a
nonspontaneous rally at Lagunita Court on Friday night. While

drum major Jim Jett faced the music, Dollies Carla Murray,
Cathie Pelton and Heidi Jacobsen (I. to r.) made waves.

Band in Lagunita
The Stanford Bana surprised some awed freshmen with a
nonspontaneous rally at Lagunita Court on Friday night. While

drum major Jim Jett faced the music, Dollies Carla Murray,
Cathie Pelton and Heidi Jacobsen (I. to r.) made waves.

Band in Lagunita
The Stanford Bana surprised some awed freshmen with a
nonspontaneous rally at Lagunita Court on Friday night. While

drum major Jim Jett faced the music, Dollies Carla Murray,
Cathie Pelton and Heidi Jacobsen (I. to r.) made waves.

Band in Lagunita
The Stanford Bana surprised some awed freshmen with a
nonspontaneous rally at Lagunita Court on Friday night. While

drum major Jim Jett faced the music, Dollies Carla Murray,
Cathie Pelton and Heidi Jacobsen (I. to r.) made waves.

Band in Lagunita
The Stanford Bana surprised some awed freshmen with a
nonspontaneous rally at Lagunita Court on Friday night. While

drum major Jim Jett faced the music, Dollies Carla Murray,
Cathie Pelton and Heidi Jacobsen (I. to r.) made waves.

Band in Lagunita
The Stanford Bana surprised some awed freshmen with a
nonspontaneous rally at Lagunita Court on Friday night. While

drum major Jim Jett faced the music, Dollies Carla Murray,
Cathie Pelton and Heidi Jacobsen (I. to r.) made waves.

Band in Lagunita
The Stanford Bana surprised some awed freshmen with a
nonspontaneous rally at Lagunita Court on Friday night. While

drum major Jim Jett faced the music, Dollies Carla Murray,
Cathie Pelton and Heidi Jacobsen (I. to r.) made waves.

Band in Lagunita
The Stanford Bana surprised some awed freshmen with a
nonspontaneous rally at Lagunita Court on Friday night. While

drum major Jim Jett faced the music, Dollies Carla Murray,
Cathie Pelton and Heidi Jacobsen (I. to r.) made waves.

Band in Lagunita
The Stanford Bana surprised some awed freshmen with a
nonspontaneous rally at Lagunita Court on Friday night. While

drum major Jim Jett faced the music, Dollies Carla Murray,
Cathie Pelton and Heidi Jacobsen (I. to r.) made waves.

Band in Lagunita
The Stanford Bana surprised some awed freshmen with a
nonspontaneous rally at Lagunita Court on Friday night. While

drum major Jim Jett faced the music, Dollies Carla Murray,
Cathie Pelton and Heidi Jacobsen (I. to r.) made waves.

Band in Lagunita
The Stanford Bana surprised some awed freshmen with a
nonspontaneous rally at Lagunita Court on Friday night. While

drum major Jim Jett faced the music, Dollies Carla Murray,
Cathie Pelton and Heidi Jacobsen (I. to r.) made waves.
