# ... Wants You!
## 
### 

Rev. George R. Davis points out
seemingly destruetive elements in
modern culture. The pastor of LBJ's
church, he backs the administra
tion's .Vietnam policy and opposes
some of the current "extreme extrem
ism. DAILY Photo by Tom Hour

Rev. George R. Davis points out
seemingly destruetive elements in
modern culture. The pastor of LBJ's
church, he backs the administra
tion's .Vietnam policy and opposes
some of the current "extreme extrem
ism. DAILY Photo by Tom Hour

Rev. George R. Davis points out
seemingly destruetive elements in
modern culture. The pastor of LBJ's
church, he backs the administra
tion's .Vietnam policy and opposes
some of the current "extreme extrem
ism. DAILY Photo by Tom Hour

Rev. George R. Davis points out
seemingly destruetive elements in
modern culture. The pastor of LBJ's
church, he backs the administra
tion's .Vietnam policy and opposes
some of the current "extreme extrem
ism. DAILY Photo by Tom Hour

Rev. George R. Davis points out
seemingly destruetive elements in
modern culture. The pastor of LBJ's
church, he backs the administra
tion's .Vietnam policy and opposes
some of the current "extreme extrem
ism. DAILY Photo by Tom Hour

Rev. George R. Davis points out
seemingly destruetive elements in
modern culture. The pastor of LBJ's
church, he backs the administra
tion's .Vietnam policy and opposes
some of the current "extreme extrem
ism. DAILY Photo by Tom Hour

Rev. George R. Davis points out
seemingly destruetive elements in
modern culture. The pastor of LBJ's
church, he backs the administra
tion's .Vietnam policy and opposes
some of the current "extreme extrem
ism. DAILY Photo by Tom Hour

Rev. George R. Davis points out
seemingly destruetive elements in
modern culture. The pastor of LBJ's
church, he backs the administra
tion's .Vietnam policy and opposes
some of the current "extreme extrem
ism. DAILY Photo by Tom Hour

Rev. George R. Davis points out
seemingly destruetive elements in
modern culture. The pastor of LBJ's
church, he backs the administra
tion's .Vietnam policy and opposes
some of the current "extreme extrem
ism. DAILY Photo by Tom Hour

Rev. George R. Davis points out
seemingly destruetive elements in
modern culture. The pastor of LBJ's
church, he backs the administra
tion's .Vietnam policy and opposes
some of the current "extreme extrem
ism. DAILY Photo by Tom Hour

Rev. George R. Davis points out
seemingly destruetive elements in
modern culture. The pastor of LBJ's
church, he backs the administra
tion's .Vietnam policy and opposes
some of the current "extreme extrem
ism. DAILY Photo by Tom Hour

Rev. George R. Davis points out
seemingly destruetive elements in
modern culture. The pastor of LBJ's
church, he backs the administra
tion's .Vietnam policy and opposes
some of the current "extreme extrem
ism. DAILY Photo by Tom Hour

Rev. George R. Davis points out
seemingly destruetive elements in
modern culture. The pastor of LBJ's
church, he backs the administra
tion's .Vietnam policy and opposes
some of the current "extreme extrem
ism. DAILY Photo by Tom Hour

Rev. George R. Davis points out
seemingly destruetive elements in
modern culture. The pastor of LBJ's
church, he backs the administra
tion's .Vietnam policy and opposes
some of the current "extreme extrem
ism. DAILY Photo by Tom Hour

Rev. George R. Davis points out
seemingly destruetive elements in
modern culture. The pastor of LBJ's
church, he backs the administra
tion's .Vietnam policy and opposes
some of the current "extreme extrem
ism. DAILY Photo by Tom Hour
