# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The managerial staff wishes at
this time to express its apprecia
tion to those groups and individ
uals who have expended time and
effort in housing and entertaining
visiting teams during the past
football season, thus maintaining
and furthering traditional Stan
ford hospitality.
(Signed): J. HOWELL SMITH,
Football Manager.
The managerial staff wishes at
this time to express its apprecia
tion to those groups and individ
uals who have expended time and
effort in housing and entertaining
visiting teams during the past
football season, thus maintaining
and furthering traditional Stan
ford hospitality.
(Signed): J. HOWELL SMITH,
Football Manager.
The managerial staff wishes at
this time to express its apprecia
tion to those groups and individ
uals who have expended time and
effort in housing and entertaining
visiting teams during the past
football season, thus maintaining
and furthering traditional Stan
ford hospitality.
(Signed): J. HOWELL SMITH,
Football Manager.
The managerial staff wishes at
this time to express its apprecia
tion to those groups and individ
uals who have expended time and
effort in housing and entertaining
visiting teams during the past
football season, thus maintaining
and furthering traditional Stan
ford hospitality.
(Signed): J. HOWELL SMITH,
Football Manager.
The managerial staff wishes at
this time to express its apprecia
tion to those groups and individ
uals who have expended time and
effort in housing and entertaining
visiting teams during the past
football season, thus maintaining
and furthering traditional Stan
ford hospitality.
(Signed): J. HOWELL SMITH,
Football Manager.
The managerial staff wishes at
this time to express its apprecia
tion to those groups and individ
uals who have expended time and
effort in housing and entertaining
visiting teams during the past
football season, thus maintaining
and furthering traditional Stan
ford hospitality.
(Signed): J. HOWELL SMITH,
Football Manager.
The managerial staff wishes at
this time to express its apprecia
tion to those groups and individ
uals who have expended time and
effort in housing and entertaining
visiting teams during the past
football season, thus maintaining
and furthering traditional Stan
ford hospitality.
(Signed): J. HOWELL SMITH,
Football Manager.
The managerial staff wishes at
this time to express its apprecia
tion to those groups and individ
uals who have expended time and
effort in housing and entertaining
visiting teams during the past
football season, thus maintaining
and furthering traditional Stan
ford hospitality.
(Signed): J. HOWELL SMITH,
Football Manager.
The managerial staff wishes at
this time to express its apprecia
tion to those groups and individ
uals who have expended time and
effort in housing and entertaining
visiting teams during the past
football season, thus maintaining
and furthering traditional Stan
ford hospitality.
(Signed): J. HOWELL SMITH,
Football Manager.
The managerial staff wishes at
this time to express its apprecia
tion to those groups and individ
uals who have expended time and
effort in housing and entertaining
visiting teams during the past
football season, thus maintaining
and furthering traditional Stan
ford hospitality.
(Signed): J. HOWELL SMITH,
Football Manager.
The managerial staff wishes at
this time to express its apprecia
tion to those groups and individ
uals who have expended time and
effort in housing and entertaining
visiting teams during the past
football season, thus maintaining
and furthering traditional Stan
ford hospitality.
(Signed): J. HOWELL SMITH,
Football Manager.
The managerial staff wishes at
this time to express its apprecia
tion to those groups and individ
uals who have expended time and
effort in housing and entertaining
visiting teams during the past
football season, thus maintaining
and furthering traditional Stan
ford hospitality.
(Signed): J. HOWELL SMITH,
Football Manager.
The managerial staff wishes at
this time to express its apprecia
tion to those groups and individ
uals who have expended time and
effort in housing and entertaining
visiting teams during the past
football season, thus maintaining
and furthering traditional Stan
ford hospitality.
(Signed): J. HOWELL SMITH,
Football Manager.
The managerial staff wishes at
this time to express its apprecia
tion to those groups and individ
uals who have expended time and
effort in housing and entertaining
visiting teams during the past
football season, thus maintaining
and furthering traditional Stan
ford hospitality.
(Signed): J. HOWELL SMITH,
Football Manager.
