# Nominations To Close
## 
### 
Nominations for head yell
loader will close today at 5:00
p.m. Students nominated so far
include Gil Berkeley, Tom
Flood, John Sweazey and
Francisco Newman..
Since no nominations have
been submitted for off-campus,
unaffiliated I,ASSU representa
tives, the elections commission
has extended the nomination
period for LASSU representa
tives to Friday.
Nominations for head yell
loader will close today at 5:00
p.m. Students nominated so far
include Gil Berkeley, Tom
Flood, John Sweazey and
Francisco Newman..
Since no nominations have
been submitted for off-campus,
unaffiliated I,ASSU representa
tives, the elections commission
has extended the nomination
period for LASSU representa
tives to Friday.
Nominations for head yell
loader will close today at 5:00
p.m. Students nominated so far
include Gil Berkeley, Tom
Flood, John Sweazey and
Francisco Newman..
Since no nominations have
been submitted for off-campus,
unaffiliated I,ASSU representa
tives, the elections commission
has extended the nomination
period for LASSU representa
tives to Friday.
Nominations for head yell
loader will close today at 5:00
p.m. Students nominated so far
include Gil Berkeley, Tom
Flood, John Sweazey and
Francisco Newman..
Since no nominations have
been submitted for off-campus,
unaffiliated I,ASSU representa
tives, the elections commission
has extended the nomination
period for LASSU representa
tives to Friday.
Nominations for head yell
loader will close today at 5:00
p.m. Students nominated so far
include Gil Berkeley, Tom
Flood, John Sweazey and
Francisco Newman..
Since no nominations have
been submitted for off-campus,
unaffiliated I,ASSU representa
tives, the elections commission
has extended the nomination
period for LASSU representa
tives to Friday.
Nominations for head yell
loader will close today at 5:00
p.m. Students nominated so far
include Gil Berkeley, Tom
Flood, John Sweazey and
Francisco Newman..
Since no nominations have
been submitted for off-campus,
unaffiliated I,ASSU representa
tives, the elections commission
has extended the nomination
period for LASSU representa
tives to Friday.
Nominations for head yell
loader will close today at 5:00
p.m. Students nominated so far
include Gil Berkeley, Tom
Flood, John Sweazey and
Francisco Newman..
Since no nominations have
been submitted for off-campus,
unaffiliated I,ASSU representa
tives, the elections commission
has extended the nomination
period for LASSU representa
tives to Friday.
Nominations for head yell
loader will close today at 5:00
p.m. Students nominated so far
include Gil Berkeley, Tom
Flood, John Sweazey and
Francisco Newman..
Since no nominations have
been submitted for off-campus,
unaffiliated I,ASSU representa
tives, the elections commission
has extended the nomination
period for LASSU representa
tives to Friday.
Nominations for head yell
loader will close today at 5:00
p.m. Students nominated so far
include Gil Berkeley, Tom
Flood, John Sweazey and
Francisco Newman..
Since no nominations have
been submitted for off-campus,
unaffiliated I,ASSU representa
tives, the elections commission
has extended the nomination
period for LASSU representa
tives to Friday.
Nominations for head yell
loader will close today at 5:00
p.m. Students nominated so far
include Gil Berkeley, Tom
Flood, John Sweazey and
Francisco Newman..
Since no nominations have
been submitted for off-campus,
unaffiliated I,ASSU representa
tives, the elections commission
has extended the nomination
period for LASSU representa
tives to Friday.
Nominations for head yell
loader will close today at 5:00
p.m. Students nominated so far
include Gil Berkeley, Tom
Flood, John Sweazey and
Francisco Newman..
Since no nominations have
been submitted for off-campus,
unaffiliated I,ASSU representa
tives, the elections commission
has extended the nomination
period for LASSU representa
tives to Friday.
Nominations for head yell
loader will close today at 5:00
p.m. Students nominated so far
include Gil Berkeley, Tom
Flood, John Sweazey and
Francisco Newman..
Since no nominations have
been submitted for off-campus,
unaffiliated I,ASSU representa
tives, the elections commission
has extended the nomination
period for LASSU representa
tives to Friday.
Nominations for head yell
loader will close today at 5:00
p.m. Students nominated so far
include Gil Berkeley, Tom
Flood, John Sweazey and
Francisco Newman..
Since no nominations have
been submitted for off-campus,
unaffiliated I,ASSU representa
tives, the elections commission
has extended the nomination
period for LASSU representa
tives to Friday.
Nominations for head yell
loader will close today at 5:00
p.m. Students nominated so far
include Gil Berkeley, Tom
Flood, John Sweazey and
Francisco Newman..
Since no nominations have
been submitted for off-campus,
unaffiliated I,ASSU representa
tives, the elections commission
has extended the nomination
period for LASSU representa
tives to Friday.
Nominations for head yell
loader will close today at 5:00
p.m. Students nominated so far
include Gil Berkeley, Tom
Flood, John Sweazey and
Francisco Newman..
Since no nominations have
been submitted for off-campus,
unaffiliated I,ASSU representa
tives, the elections commission
has extended the nomination
period for LASSU representa
tives to Friday.
