# QUAD PICTURES
## 
### 
Today is the last day pictures
will be taken l'or the 1965
QUAD. Both seniors and non
seniors are encouraged to come
to the Quad Office, Storke Pub
lications Building, between 8:30
and 12 noon and 1 to 5:(M) p.m.
Today is the last day pictures
will be taken l'or the 1965
QUAD. Both seniors and non
seniors are encouraged to come
to the Quad Office, Storke Pub
lications Building, between 8:30
and 12 noon and 1 to 5:(M) p.m.
Today is the last day pictures
will be taken l'or the 1965
QUAD. Both seniors and non
seniors are encouraged to come
to the Quad Office, Storke Pub
lications Building, between 8:30
and 12 noon and 1 to 5:(M) p.m.
Today is the last day pictures
will be taken l'or the 1965
QUAD. Both seniors and non
seniors are encouraged to come
to the Quad Office, Storke Pub
lications Building, between 8:30
and 12 noon and 1 to 5:(M) p.m.
Today is the last day pictures
will be taken l'or the 1965
QUAD. Both seniors and non
seniors are encouraged to come
to the Quad Office, Storke Pub
lications Building, between 8:30
and 12 noon and 1 to 5:(M) p.m.
Today is the last day pictures
will be taken l'or the 1965
QUAD. Both seniors and non
seniors are encouraged to come
to the Quad Office, Storke Pub
lications Building, between 8:30
and 12 noon and 1 to 5:(M) p.m.
Today is the last day pictures
will be taken l'or the 1965
QUAD. Both seniors and non
seniors are encouraged to come
to the Quad Office, Storke Pub
lications Building, between 8:30
and 12 noon and 1 to 5:(M) p.m.
Today is the last day pictures
will be taken l'or the 1965
QUAD. Both seniors and non
seniors are encouraged to come
to the Quad Office, Storke Pub
lications Building, between 8:30
and 12 noon and 1 to 5:(M) p.m.
Today is the last day pictures
will be taken l'or the 1965
QUAD. Both seniors and non
seniors are encouraged to come
to the Quad Office, Storke Pub
lications Building, between 8:30
and 12 noon and 1 to 5:(M) p.m.
Today is the last day pictures
will be taken l'or the 1965
QUAD. Both seniors and non
seniors are encouraged to come
to the Quad Office, Storke Pub
lications Building, between 8:30
and 12 noon and 1 to 5:(M) p.m.
Today is the last day pictures
will be taken l'or the 1965
QUAD. Both seniors and non
seniors are encouraged to come
to the Quad Office, Storke Pub
lications Building, between 8:30
and 12 noon and 1 to 5:(M) p.m.
Today is the last day pictures
will be taken l'or the 1965
QUAD. Both seniors and non
seniors are encouraged to come
to the Quad Office, Storke Pub
lications Building, between 8:30
and 12 noon and 1 to 5:(M) p.m.
Today is the last day pictures
will be taken l'or the 1965
QUAD. Both seniors and non
seniors are encouraged to come
to the Quad Office, Storke Pub
lications Building, between 8:30
and 12 noon and 1 to 5:(M) p.m.
Today is the last day pictures
will be taken l'or the 1965
QUAD. Both seniors and non
seniors are encouraged to come
to the Quad Office, Storke Pub
lications Building, between 8:30
and 12 noon and 1 to 5:(M) p.m.
Today is the last day pictures
will be taken l'or the 1965
QUAD. Both seniors and non
seniors are encouraged to come
to the Quad Office, Storke Pub
lications Building, between 8:30
and 12 noon and 1 to 5:(M) p.m.
