# WOMEN'S GLEE CLUB
## 
### 
Women's Glee Club will liold
an organizational meeting to
day at 5 p.m. in Room 270 of
Tresidder. All interested wom
en are asked to attend.
Women's Glee Club will liold
an organizational meeting to
day at 5 p.m. in Room 270 of
Tresidder. All interested wom
en are asked to attend.
Women's Glee Club will liold
an organizational meeting to
day at 5 p.m. in Room 270 of
Tresidder. All interested wom
en are asked to attend.
Women's Glee Club will liold
an organizational meeting to
day at 5 p.m. in Room 270 of
Tresidder. All interested wom
en are asked to attend.
Women's Glee Club will liold
an organizational meeting to
day at 5 p.m. in Room 270 of
Tresidder. All interested wom
en are asked to attend.
Women's Glee Club will liold
an organizational meeting to
day at 5 p.m. in Room 270 of
Tresidder. All interested wom
en are asked to attend.
Women's Glee Club will liold
an organizational meeting to
day at 5 p.m. in Room 270 of
Tresidder. All interested wom
en are asked to attend.
Women's Glee Club will liold
an organizational meeting to
day at 5 p.m. in Room 270 of
Tresidder. All interested wom
en are asked to attend.
Women's Glee Club will liold
an organizational meeting to
day at 5 p.m. in Room 270 of
Tresidder. All interested wom
en are asked to attend.
Women's Glee Club will liold
an organizational meeting to
day at 5 p.m. in Room 270 of
Tresidder. All interested wom
en are asked to attend.
Women's Glee Club will liold
an organizational meeting to
day at 5 p.m. in Room 270 of
Tresidder. All interested wom
en are asked to attend.
Women's Glee Club will liold
an organizational meeting to
day at 5 p.m. in Room 270 of
Tresidder. All interested wom
en are asked to attend.
Women's Glee Club will liold
an organizational meeting to
day at 5 p.m. in Room 270 of
Tresidder. All interested wom
en are asked to attend.
Women's Glee Club will liold
an organizational meeting to
day at 5 p.m. in Room 270 of
Tresidder. All interested wom
en are asked to attend.
Women's Glee Club will liold
an organizational meeting to
day at 5 p.m. in Room 270 of
Tresidder. All interested wom
en are asked to attend.
