# BAILEY HERE
## 
### 
A former Stanford debater, Dr.
Thomas A. Bailey, visiting professor
of history from the University of
Hawaii, addressed the men's varsity
and freshman debate squads last
night at an informal dinner in the
Stanford Union.
A former Stanford debater, Dr.
Thomas A. Bailey, visiting professor
of history from the University of
Hawaii, addressed the men's varsity
and freshman debate squads last
night at an informal dinner in the
Stanford Union.
A former Stanford debater, Dr.
Thomas A. Bailey, visiting professor
of history from the University of
Hawaii, addressed the men's varsity
and freshman debate squads last
night at an informal dinner in the
Stanford Union.
A former Stanford debater, Dr.
Thomas A. Bailey, visiting professor
of history from the University of
Hawaii, addressed the men's varsity
and freshman debate squads last
night at an informal dinner in the
Stanford Union.
A former Stanford debater, Dr.
Thomas A. Bailey, visiting professor
of history from the University of
Hawaii, addressed the men's varsity
and freshman debate squads last
night at an informal dinner in the
Stanford Union.
A former Stanford debater, Dr.
Thomas A. Bailey, visiting professor
of history from the University of
Hawaii, addressed the men's varsity
and freshman debate squads last
night at an informal dinner in the
Stanford Union.
A former Stanford debater, Dr.
Thomas A. Bailey, visiting professor
of history from the University of
Hawaii, addressed the men's varsity
and freshman debate squads last
night at an informal dinner in the
Stanford Union.
A former Stanford debater, Dr.
Thomas A. Bailey, visiting professor
of history from the University of
Hawaii, addressed the men's varsity
and freshman debate squads last
night at an informal dinner in the
Stanford Union.
A former Stanford debater, Dr.
Thomas A. Bailey, visiting professor
of history from the University of
Hawaii, addressed the men's varsity
and freshman debate squads last
night at an informal dinner in the
Stanford Union.
A former Stanford debater, Dr.
Thomas A. Bailey, visiting professor
of history from the University of
Hawaii, addressed the men's varsity
and freshman debate squads last
night at an informal dinner in the
Stanford Union.
A former Stanford debater, Dr.
Thomas A. Bailey, visiting professor
of history from the University of
Hawaii, addressed the men's varsity
and freshman debate squads last
night at an informal dinner in the
Stanford Union.
A former Stanford debater, Dr.
Thomas A. Bailey, visiting professor
of history from the University of
Hawaii, addressed the men's varsity
and freshman debate squads last
night at an informal dinner in the
Stanford Union.
A former Stanford debater, Dr.
Thomas A. Bailey, visiting professor
of history from the University of
Hawaii, addressed the men's varsity
and freshman debate squads last
night at an informal dinner in the
Stanford Union.
A former Stanford debater, Dr.
Thomas A. Bailey, visiting professor
of history from the University of
Hawaii, addressed the men's varsity
and freshman debate squads last
night at an informal dinner in the
Stanford Union.
A former Stanford debater, Dr.
Thomas A. Bailey, visiting professor
of history from the University of
Hawaii, addressed the men's varsity
and freshman debate squads last
night at an informal dinner in the
Stanford Union.
