# ATHLETIC CONFERENCE WILL MEET TOMORROW
## 
### 
Eunice Biddle, '24, president of W.
A. A., and Miss Helen Masters Bunt
ing, head of the Women's Physical
Training department, will represent
Stanford at the athletic conference
with Mills and the University of Cali
fornia which will meet tomorrow morn
ing in San Francisco.
Plans will be discussed for the con
vention of the Western Section of the
Women's Athletic Association, which
will be held at Stanford in April. The
delegates will outline the program for
the Stanford-Mills basketball contest
that will be played on the Roble turf
on March 10. Plans will also be drawn
up for the triangle archery and swim
ming tournament in which the three
colleges will compete on the morning
of April 12 at California.
