# English Club Play Tryouts Announced For Next Monday
## 
### 
Tryouts for "Will Shakespeare," the
drama by Clemence Dane to be presented
by the English Club on April 6, arc
scheduled for next week. First tryouts
will be held in the Little Theater Mon
day afternoon from 2:30 to 5:30, Mon
day evening from 7:15 to 9:30, Wednes
day afternoon from 2 to 6, and Wednes
day evening from 7 to 10 o'clock.
A regular meeting of the English Club
was held Wednesday night in the Wom
an's Clubhouse, when arrangements for
the play were discussed. The following
committee was appointed to superintend
the club's work in the production:
Elizabeth Spilman, Katherine Beswick,
Chester Barker, Harold Davis and Mil
ton Rosenfield.
Tryouts for "Will Shakespeare," the
drama by Clemence Dane to be presented
by the English Club on April 6, arc
scheduled for next week. First tryouts
will be held in the Little Theater Mon
day afternoon from 2:30 to 5:30, Mon
day evening from 7:15 to 9:30, Wednes
day afternoon from 2 to 6, and Wednes
day evening from 7 to 10 o'clock.
A regular meeting of the English Club
was held Wednesday night in the Wom
an's Clubhouse, when arrangements for
the play were discussed. The following
committee was appointed to superintend
the club's work in the production:
Elizabeth Spilman, Katherine Beswick,
Chester Barker, Harold Davis and Mil
ton Rosenfield.
Tryouts for "Will Shakespeare," the
drama by Clemence Dane to be presented
by the English Club on April 6, arc
scheduled for next week. First tryouts
will be held in the Little Theater Mon
day afternoon from 2:30 to 5:30, Mon
day evening from 7:15 to 9:30, Wednes
day afternoon from 2 to 6, and Wednes
day evening from 7 to 10 o'clock.
A regular meeting of the English Club
was held Wednesday night in the Wom
an's Clubhouse, when arrangements for
the play were discussed. The following
committee was appointed to superintend
the club's work in the production:
Elizabeth Spilman, Katherine Beswick,
Chester Barker, Harold Davis and Mil
ton Rosenfield.
Tryouts for "Will Shakespeare," the
drama by Clemence Dane to be presented
by the English Club on April 6, arc
scheduled for next week. First tryouts
will be held in the Little Theater Mon
day afternoon from 2:30 to 5:30, Mon
day evening from 7:15 to 9:30, Wednes
day afternoon from 2 to 6, and Wednes
day evening from 7 to 10 o'clock.
A regular meeting of the English Club
was held Wednesday night in the Wom
an's Clubhouse, when arrangements for
the play were discussed. The following
committee was appointed to superintend
the club's work in the production:
Elizabeth Spilman, Katherine Beswick,
Chester Barker, Harold Davis and Mil
ton Rosenfield.
Tryouts for "Will Shakespeare," the
drama by Clemence Dane to be presented
by the English Club on April 6, arc
scheduled for next week. First tryouts
will be held in the Little Theater Mon
day afternoon from 2:30 to 5:30, Mon
day evening from 7:15 to 9:30, Wednes
day afternoon from 2 to 6, and Wednes
day evening from 7 to 10 o'clock.
A regular meeting of the English Club
was held Wednesday night in the Wom
an's Clubhouse, when arrangements for
the play were discussed. The following
committee was appointed to superintend
the club's work in the production:
Elizabeth Spilman, Katherine Beswick,
Chester Barker, Harold Davis and Mil
ton Rosenfield.
Tryouts for "Will Shakespeare," the
drama by Clemence Dane to be presented
by the English Club on April 6, arc
scheduled for next week. First tryouts
will be held in the Little Theater Mon
day afternoon from 2:30 to 5:30, Mon
day evening from 7:15 to 9:30, Wednes
day afternoon from 2 to 6, and Wednes
day evening from 7 to 10 o'clock.
A regular meeting of the English Club
was held Wednesday night in the Wom
an's Clubhouse, when arrangements for
the play were discussed. The following
committee was appointed to superintend
the club's work in the production:
Elizabeth Spilman, Katherine Beswick,
Chester Barker, Harold Davis and Mil
ton Rosenfield.
Tryouts for "Will Shakespeare," the
drama by Clemence Dane to be presented
by the English Club on April 6, arc
scheduled for next week. First tryouts
will be held in the Little Theater Mon
day afternoon from 2:30 to 5:30, Mon
day evening from 7:15 to 9:30, Wednes
day afternoon from 2 to 6, and Wednes
day evening from 7 to 10 o'clock.
A regular meeting of the English Club
was held Wednesday night in the Wom
an's Clubhouse, when arrangements for
the play were discussed. The following
committee was appointed to superintend
the club's work in the production:
Elizabeth Spilman, Katherine Beswick,
Chester Barker, Harold Davis and Mil
ton Rosenfield.
Tryouts for "Will Shakespeare," the
drama by Clemence Dane to be presented
by the English Club on April 6, arc
scheduled for next week. First tryouts
will be held in the Little Theater Mon
day afternoon from 2:30 to 5:30, Mon
day evening from 7:15 to 9:30, Wednes
day afternoon from 2 to 6, and Wednes
day evening from 7 to 10 o'clock.
A regular meeting of the English Club
was held Wednesday night in the Wom
an's Clubhouse, when arrangements for
the play were discussed. The following
committee was appointed to superintend
the club's work in the production:
Elizabeth Spilman, Katherine Beswick,
Chester Barker, Harold Davis and Mil
ton Rosenfield.
Tryouts for "Will Shakespeare," the
drama by Clemence Dane to be presented
by the English Club on April 6, arc
scheduled for next week. First tryouts
will be held in the Little Theater Mon
day afternoon from 2:30 to 5:30, Mon
day evening from 7:15 to 9:30, Wednes
day afternoon from 2 to 6, and Wednes
day evening from 7 to 10 o'clock.
A regular meeting of the English Club
was held Wednesday night in the Wom
an's Clubhouse, when arrangements for
the play were discussed. The following
committee was appointed to superintend
the club's work in the production:
Elizabeth Spilman, Katherine Beswick,
Chester Barker, Harold Davis and Mil
ton Rosenfield.
Tryouts for "Will Shakespeare," the
drama by Clemence Dane to be presented
by the English Club on April 6, arc
scheduled for next week. First tryouts
will be held in the Little Theater Mon
day afternoon from 2:30 to 5:30, Mon
day evening from 7:15 to 9:30, Wednes
day afternoon from 2 to 6, and Wednes
day evening from 7 to 10 o'clock.
A regular meeting of the English Club
was held Wednesday night in the Wom
an's Clubhouse, when arrangements for
the play were discussed. The following
committee was appointed to superintend
the club's work in the production:
Elizabeth Spilman, Katherine Beswick,
Chester Barker, Harold Davis and Mil
ton Rosenfield.
Tryouts for "Will Shakespeare," the
drama by Clemence Dane to be presented
by the English Club on April 6, arc
scheduled for next week. First tryouts
will be held in the Little Theater Mon
day afternoon from 2:30 to 5:30, Mon
day evening from 7:15 to 9:30, Wednes
day afternoon from 2 to 6, and Wednes
day evening from 7 to 10 o'clock.
A regular meeting of the English Club
was held Wednesday night in the Wom
an's Clubhouse, when arrangements for
the play were discussed. The following
committee was appointed to superintend
the club's work in the production:
Elizabeth Spilman, Katherine Beswick,
Chester Barker, Harold Davis and Mil
ton Rosenfield.
Tryouts for "Will Shakespeare," the
drama by Clemence Dane to be presented
by the English Club on April 6, arc
scheduled for next week. First tryouts
will be held in the Little Theater Mon
day afternoon from 2:30 to 5:30, Mon
day evening from 7:15 to 9:30, Wednes
day afternoon from 2 to 6, and Wednes
day evening from 7 to 10 o'clock.
A regular meeting of the English Club
was held Wednesday night in the Wom
an's Clubhouse, when arrangements for
the play were discussed. The following
committee was appointed to superintend
the club's work in the production:
Elizabeth Spilman, Katherine Beswick,
Chester Barker, Harold Davis and Mil
ton Rosenfield.
Tryouts for "Will Shakespeare," the
drama by Clemence Dane to be presented
by the English Club on April 6, arc
scheduled for next week. First tryouts
will be held in the Little Theater Mon
day afternoon from 2:30 to 5:30, Mon
day evening from 7:15 to 9:30, Wednes
day afternoon from 2 to 6, and Wednes
day evening from 7 to 10 o'clock.
A regular meeting of the English Club
was held Wednesday night in the Wom
an's Clubhouse, when arrangements for
the play were discussed. The following
committee was appointed to superintend
the club's work in the production:
Elizabeth Spilman, Katherine Beswick,
Chester Barker, Harold Davis and Mil
ton Rosenfield.
Tryouts for "Will Shakespeare," the
drama by Clemence Dane to be presented
by the English Club on April 6, arc
scheduled for next week. First tryouts
will be held in the Little Theater Mon
day afternoon from 2:30 to 5:30, Mon
day evening from 7:15 to 9:30, Wednes
day afternoon from 2 to 6, and Wednes
day evening from 7 to 10 o'clock.
A regular meeting of the English Club
was held Wednesday night in the Wom
an's Clubhouse, when arrangements for
the play were discussed. The following
committee was appointed to superintend
the club's work in the production:
Elizabeth Spilman, Katherine Beswick,
Chester Barker, Harold Davis and Mil
ton Rosenfield.
Tryouts for "Will Shakespeare," the
drama by Clemence Dane to be presented
by the English Club on April 6, arc
scheduled for next week. First tryouts
will be held in the Little Theater Mon
day afternoon from 2:30 to 5:30, Mon
day evening from 7:15 to 9:30, Wednes
day afternoon from 2 to 6, and Wednes
day evening from 7 to 10 o'clock.
A regular meeting of the English Club
was held Wednesday night in the Wom
an's Clubhouse, when arrangements for
the play were discussed. The following
committee was appointed to superintend
the club's work in the production:
Elizabeth Spilman, Katherine Beswick,
Chester Barker, Harold Davis and Mil
ton Rosenfield.
