# Read Drags A Bear
## 
### 

Stanford fullback John Head (32) shakes off Cal
tackier as he skirts the end in the Big («ame. Head
was a biff factor in wearing down the Bear line,
gaining If) yards in 11 carries. On the ground is
guard Rick Derby.

Stanford fullback John Head (32) shakes off Cal
tackier as he skirts the end in the Big («ame. Head
was a biff factor in wearing down the Bear line,
gaining If) yards in 11 carries. On the ground is
guard Rick Derby.

Stanford fullback John Head (32) shakes off Cal
tackier as he skirts the end in the Big («ame. Head
was a biff factor in wearing down the Bear line,
gaining If) yards in 11 carries. On the ground is
guard Rick Derby.

Stanford fullback John Head (32) shakes off Cal
tackier as he skirts the end in the Big («ame. Head
was a biff factor in wearing down the Bear line,
gaining If) yards in 11 carries. On the ground is
guard Rick Derby.

Stanford fullback John Head (32) shakes off Cal
tackier as he skirts the end in the Big («ame. Head
was a biff factor in wearing down the Bear line,
gaining If) yards in 11 carries. On the ground is
guard Rick Derby.

Stanford fullback John Head (32) shakes off Cal
tackier as he skirts the end in the Big («ame. Head
was a biff factor in wearing down the Bear line,
gaining If) yards in 11 carries. On the ground is
guard Rick Derby.

Stanford fullback John Head (32) shakes off Cal
tackier as he skirts the end in the Big («ame. Head
was a biff factor in wearing down the Bear line,
gaining If) yards in 11 carries. On the ground is
guard Rick Derby.

Stanford fullback John Head (32) shakes off Cal
tackier as he skirts the end in the Big («ame. Head
was a biff factor in wearing down the Bear line,
gaining If) yards in 11 carries. On the ground is
guard Rick Derby.

Stanford fullback John Head (32) shakes off Cal
tackier as he skirts the end in the Big («ame. Head
was a biff factor in wearing down the Bear line,
gaining If) yards in 11 carries. On the ground is
guard Rick Derby.

Stanford fullback John Head (32) shakes off Cal
tackier as he skirts the end in the Big («ame. Head
was a biff factor in wearing down the Bear line,
gaining If) yards in 11 carries. On the ground is
guard Rick Derby.

Stanford fullback John Head (32) shakes off Cal
tackier as he skirts the end in the Big («ame. Head
was a biff factor in wearing down the Bear line,
gaining If) yards in 11 carries. On the ground is
guard Rick Derby.

Stanford fullback John Head (32) shakes off Cal
tackier as he skirts the end in the Big («ame. Head
was a biff factor in wearing down the Bear line,
gaining If) yards in 11 carries. On the ground is
guard Rick Derby.

Stanford fullback John Head (32) shakes off Cal
tackier as he skirts the end in the Big («ame. Head
was a biff factor in wearing down the Bear line,
gaining If) yards in 11 carries. On the ground is
guard Rick Derby.

Stanford fullback John Head (32) shakes off Cal
tackier as he skirts the end in the Big («ame. Head
was a biff factor in wearing down the Bear line,
gaining If) yards in 11 carries. On the ground is
guard Rick Derby.

Stanford fullback John Head (32) shakes off Cal
tackier as he skirts the end in the Big («ame. Head
was a biff factor in wearing down the Bear line,
gaining If) yards in 11 carries. On the ground is
guard Rick Derby.
