# Cornered
## 
### 

A Stanford water polo-player battles for the ball
with an opponent in recent action in the Stanford
pool. The Indians played Foothill and San .lose last
night in the Nor-C'al tournament.

A Stanford water polo-player battles for the ball
with an opponent in recent action in the Stanford
pool. The Indians played Foothill and San .lose last
night in the Nor-C'al tournament.

A Stanford water polo-player battles for the ball
with an opponent in recent action in the Stanford
pool. The Indians played Foothill and San .lose last
night in the Nor-C'al tournament.

A Stanford water polo-player battles for the ball
with an opponent in recent action in the Stanford
pool. The Indians played Foothill and San .lose last
night in the Nor-C'al tournament.

A Stanford water polo-player battles for the ball
with an opponent in recent action in the Stanford
pool. The Indians played Foothill and San .lose last
night in the Nor-C'al tournament.

A Stanford water polo-player battles for the ball
with an opponent in recent action in the Stanford
pool. The Indians played Foothill and San .lose last
night in the Nor-C'al tournament.

A Stanford water polo-player battles for the ball
with an opponent in recent action in the Stanford
pool. The Indians played Foothill and San .lose last
night in the Nor-C'al tournament.

A Stanford water polo-player battles for the ball
with an opponent in recent action in the Stanford
pool. The Indians played Foothill and San .lose last
night in the Nor-C'al tournament.

A Stanford water polo-player battles for the ball
with an opponent in recent action in the Stanford
pool. The Indians played Foothill and San .lose last
night in the Nor-C'al tournament.

A Stanford water polo-player battles for the ball
with an opponent in recent action in the Stanford
pool. The Indians played Foothill and San .lose last
night in the Nor-C'al tournament.

A Stanford water polo-player battles for the ball
with an opponent in recent action in the Stanford
pool. The Indians played Foothill and San .lose last
night in the Nor-C'al tournament.

A Stanford water polo-player battles for the ball
with an opponent in recent action in the Stanford
pool. The Indians played Foothill and San .lose last
night in the Nor-C'al tournament.

A Stanford water polo-player battles for the ball
with an opponent in recent action in the Stanford
pool. The Indians played Foothill and San .lose last
night in the Nor-C'al tournament.

A Stanford water polo-player battles for the ball
with an opponent in recent action in the Stanford
pool. The Indians played Foothill and San .lose last
night in the Nor-C'al tournament.

A Stanford water polo-player battles for the ball
with an opponent in recent action in the Stanford
pool. The Indians played Foothill and San .lose last
night in the Nor-C'al tournament.
