# BARCLAY IS AUTHOR
## 
### 
Thomas S. Barclay, political sci
ence professor, is the author of a
section dealing with the California
delegation to the Republican con
vention, in a five - volume work,
"Presidential Nominating Politics in
1952."
The work was prepared under the
auspices of the American Political
Science Association with the co-op
eration of the Brookings Institute.
Thomas S. Barclay, political sci
ence professor, is the author of a
section dealing with the California
delegation to the Republican con
vention, in a five - volume work,
"Presidential Nominating Politics in
1952."
The work was prepared under the
auspices of the American Political
Science Association with the co-op
eration of the Brookings Institute.
Thomas S. Barclay, political sci
ence professor, is the author of a
section dealing with the California
delegation to the Republican con
vention, in a five - volume work,
"Presidential Nominating Politics in
1952."
The work was prepared under the
auspices of the American Political
Science Association with the co-op
eration of the Brookings Institute.
Thomas S. Barclay, political sci
ence professor, is the author of a
section dealing with the California
delegation to the Republican con
vention, in a five - volume work,
"Presidential Nominating Politics in
1952."
The work was prepared under the
auspices of the American Political
Science Association with the co-op
eration of the Brookings Institute.
Thomas S. Barclay, political sci
ence professor, is the author of a
section dealing with the California
delegation to the Republican con
vention, in a five - volume work,
"Presidential Nominating Politics in
1952."
The work was prepared under the
auspices of the American Political
Science Association with the co-op
eration of the Brookings Institute.
Thomas S. Barclay, political sci
ence professor, is the author of a
section dealing with the California
delegation to the Republican con
vention, in a five - volume work,
"Presidential Nominating Politics in
1952."
The work was prepared under the
auspices of the American Political
Science Association with the co-op
eration of the Brookings Institute.
Thomas S. Barclay, political sci
ence professor, is the author of a
section dealing with the California
delegation to the Republican con
vention, in a five - volume work,
"Presidential Nominating Politics in
1952."
The work was prepared under the
auspices of the American Political
Science Association with the co-op
eration of the Brookings Institute.
Thomas S. Barclay, political sci
ence professor, is the author of a
section dealing with the California
delegation to the Republican con
vention, in a five - volume work,
"Presidential Nominating Politics in
1952."
The work was prepared under the
auspices of the American Political
Science Association with the co-op
eration of the Brookings Institute.
Thomas S. Barclay, political sci
ence professor, is the author of a
section dealing with the California
delegation to the Republican con
vention, in a five - volume work,
"Presidential Nominating Politics in
1952."
The work was prepared under the
auspices of the American Political
Science Association with the co-op
eration of the Brookings Institute.
Thomas S. Barclay, political sci
ence professor, is the author of a
section dealing with the California
delegation to the Republican con
vention, in a five - volume work,
"Presidential Nominating Politics in
1952."
The work was prepared under the
auspices of the American Political
Science Association with the co-op
eration of the Brookings Institute.
Thomas S. Barclay, political sci
ence professor, is the author of a
section dealing with the California
delegation to the Republican con
vention, in a five - volume work,
"Presidential Nominating Politics in
1952."
The work was prepared under the
auspices of the American Political
Science Association with the co-op
eration of the Brookings Institute.
Thomas S. Barclay, political sci
ence professor, is the author of a
section dealing with the California
delegation to the Republican con
vention, in a five - volume work,
"Presidential Nominating Politics in
1952."
The work was prepared under the
auspices of the American Political
Science Association with the co-op
eration of the Brookings Institute.
Thomas S. Barclay, political sci
ence professor, is the author of a
section dealing with the California
delegation to the Republican con
vention, in a five - volume work,
"Presidential Nominating Politics in
1952."
The work was prepared under the
auspices of the American Political
Science Association with the co-op
eration of the Brookings Institute.
Thomas S. Barclay, political sci
ence professor, is the author of a
section dealing with the California
delegation to the Republican con
vention, in a five - volume work,
"Presidential Nominating Politics in
1952."
The work was prepared under the
auspices of the American Political
Science Association with the co-op
eration of the Brookings Institute.
