# High School U.N. Conference Here
## 
### 
Representatives from 35 California
high schools will meet here today for
the opening of the Sixth Annual High
School Conference on the United N--«
tions. The conference will last
through Saturday.
The discussion topic for this year's
conference will be "Charter Revision,
a New United Nations?" Featured
speakers will be: Dr. James T Wat
kins, head of the political science de
partment; James E Green, deputy
director of the office of United Na
tions Economic and Social Affair:; of
the Department of State; and Dean I.
James Quillen of the department of
education
The conference is sponsored bv the
Institute of International Relations.
Representatives from 35 California
high schools will meet here today for
the opening of the Sixth Annual High
School Conference on the United N--«
tions. The conference will last
through Saturday.
The discussion topic for this year's
conference will be "Charter Revision,
a New United Nations?" Featured
speakers will be: Dr. James T Wat
kins, head of the political science de
partment; James E Green, deputy
director of the office of United Na
tions Economic and Social Affair:; of
the Department of State; and Dean I.
James Quillen of the department of
education
The conference is sponsored bv the
Institute of International Relations.
Representatives from 35 California
high schools will meet here today for
the opening of the Sixth Annual High
School Conference on the United N--«
tions. The conference will last
through Saturday.
The discussion topic for this year's
conference will be "Charter Revision,
a New United Nations?" Featured
speakers will be: Dr. James T Wat
kins, head of the political science de
partment; James E Green, deputy
director of the office of United Na
tions Economic and Social Affair:; of
the Department of State; and Dean I.
James Quillen of the department of
education
The conference is sponsored bv the
Institute of International Relations.
Representatives from 35 California
high schools will meet here today for
the opening of the Sixth Annual High
School Conference on the United N--«
tions. The conference will last
through Saturday.
The discussion topic for this year's
conference will be "Charter Revision,
a New United Nations?" Featured
speakers will be: Dr. James T Wat
kins, head of the political science de
partment; James E Green, deputy
director of the office of United Na
tions Economic and Social Affair:; of
the Department of State; and Dean I.
James Quillen of the department of
education
The conference is sponsored bv the
Institute of International Relations.
Representatives from 35 California
high schools will meet here today for
the opening of the Sixth Annual High
School Conference on the United N--«
tions. The conference will last
through Saturday.
The discussion topic for this year's
conference will be "Charter Revision,
a New United Nations?" Featured
speakers will be: Dr. James T Wat
kins, head of the political science de
partment; James E Green, deputy
director of the office of United Na
tions Economic and Social Affair:; of
the Department of State; and Dean I.
James Quillen of the department of
education
The conference is sponsored bv the
Institute of International Relations.
Representatives from 35 California
high schools will meet here today for
the opening of the Sixth Annual High
School Conference on the United N--«
tions. The conference will last
through Saturday.
The discussion topic for this year's
conference will be "Charter Revision,
a New United Nations?" Featured
speakers will be: Dr. James T Wat
kins, head of the political science de
partment; James E Green, deputy
director of the office of United Na
tions Economic and Social Affair:; of
the Department of State; and Dean I.
James Quillen of the department of
education
The conference is sponsored bv the
Institute of International Relations.
Representatives from 35 California
high schools will meet here today for
the opening of the Sixth Annual High
School Conference on the United N--«
tions. The conference will last
through Saturday.
The discussion topic for this year's
conference will be "Charter Revision,
a New United Nations?" Featured
speakers will be: Dr. James T Wat
kins, head of the political science de
partment; James E Green, deputy
director of the office of United Na
tions Economic and Social Affair:; of
the Department of State; and Dean I.
James Quillen of the department of
education
The conference is sponsored bv the
Institute of International Relations.
Representatives from 35 California
high schools will meet here today for
the opening of the Sixth Annual High
School Conference on the United N--«
tions. The conference will last
through Saturday.
The discussion topic for this year's
conference will be "Charter Revision,
a New United Nations?" Featured
speakers will be: Dr. James T Wat
kins, head of the political science de
partment; James E Green, deputy
director of the office of United Na
tions Economic and Social Affair:; of
the Department of State; and Dean I.
James Quillen of the department of
education
The conference is sponsored bv the
Institute of International Relations.
Representatives from 35 California
high schools will meet here today for
the opening of the Sixth Annual High
School Conference on the United N--«
tions. The conference will last
through Saturday.
The discussion topic for this year's
conference will be "Charter Revision,
a New United Nations?" Featured
speakers will be: Dr. James T Wat
kins, head of the political science de
partment; James E Green, deputy
director of the office of United Na
tions Economic and Social Affair:; of
the Department of State; and Dean I.
James Quillen of the department of
education
The conference is sponsored bv the
Institute of International Relations.
Representatives from 35 California
high schools will meet here today for
the opening of the Sixth Annual High
School Conference on the United N--«
tions. The conference will last
through Saturday.
The discussion topic for this year's
conference will be "Charter Revision,
a New United Nations?" Featured
speakers will be: Dr. James T Wat
kins, head of the political science de
partment; James E Green, deputy
director of the office of United Na
tions Economic and Social Affair:; of
the Department of State; and Dean I.
James Quillen of the department of
education
The conference is sponsored bv the
Institute of International Relations.
Representatives from 35 California
high schools will meet here today for
the opening of the Sixth Annual High
School Conference on the United N--«
tions. The conference will last
through Saturday.
The discussion topic for this year's
conference will be "Charter Revision,
a New United Nations?" Featured
speakers will be: Dr. James T Wat
kins, head of the political science de
partment; James E Green, deputy
director of the office of United Na
tions Economic and Social Affair:; of
the Department of State; and Dean I.
James Quillen of the department of
education
The conference is sponsored bv the
Institute of International Relations.
Representatives from 35 California
high schools will meet here today for
the opening of the Sixth Annual High
School Conference on the United N--«
tions. The conference will last
through Saturday.
The discussion topic for this year's
conference will be "Charter Revision,
a New United Nations?" Featured
speakers will be: Dr. James T Wat
kins, head of the political science de
partment; James E Green, deputy
director of the office of United Na
tions Economic and Social Affair:; of
the Department of State; and Dean I.
James Quillen of the department of
education
The conference is sponsored bv the
Institute of International Relations.
Representatives from 35 California
high schools will meet here today for
the opening of the Sixth Annual High
School Conference on the United N--«
tions. The conference will last
through Saturday.
The discussion topic for this year's
conference will be "Charter Revision,
a New United Nations?" Featured
speakers will be: Dr. James T Wat
kins, head of the political science de
partment; James E Green, deputy
director of the office of United Na
tions Economic and Social Affair:; of
the Department of State; and Dean I.
James Quillen of the department of
education
The conference is sponsored bv the
Institute of International Relations.
Representatives from 35 California
high schools will meet here today for
the opening of the Sixth Annual High
School Conference on the United N--«
tions. The conference will last
through Saturday.
The discussion topic for this year's
conference will be "Charter Revision,
a New United Nations?" Featured
speakers will be: Dr. James T Wat
kins, head of the political science de
partment; James E Green, deputy
director of the office of United Na
tions Economic and Social Affair:; of
the Department of State; and Dean I.
James Quillen of the department of
education
The conference is sponsored bv the
Institute of International Relations.
