# Farm Shows Spirit In 'Hello' Tradition
## 
### 
If a perfect stranger shouts a
vehement hello in passing you on
Quad today, he is not being rude—
he is following out the "Hello"
tradition, for 50 years a practice
on the Farm. Although the growth
of Stanford from a small com
munity of s<)o to one of 4,000 pre
vents students from knowing every
one else attending Stanford, the
practice of exchanging hellos re
mains as a mode of expressing
friendship and congeniality among
members of the Stanford Family.
If a perfect stranger shouts a
vehement hello in passing you on
Quad today, he is not being rude—
he is following out the "Hello"
tradition, for 50 years a practice
on the Farm. Although the growth
of Stanford from a small com
munity of s<)o to one of 4,000 pre
vents students from knowing every
one else attending Stanford, the
practice of exchanging hellos re
mains as a mode of expressing
friendship and congeniality among
members of the Stanford Family.
If a perfect stranger shouts a
vehement hello in passing you on
Quad today, he is not being rude—
he is following out the "Hello"
tradition, for 50 years a practice
on the Farm. Although the growth
of Stanford from a small com
munity of s<)o to one of 4,000 pre
vents students from knowing every
one else attending Stanford, the
practice of exchanging hellos re
mains as a mode of expressing
friendship and congeniality among
members of the Stanford Family.
If a perfect stranger shouts a
vehement hello in passing you on
Quad today, he is not being rude—
he is following out the "Hello"
tradition, for 50 years a practice
on the Farm. Although the growth
of Stanford from a small com
munity of s<)o to one of 4,000 pre
vents students from knowing every
one else attending Stanford, the
practice of exchanging hellos re
mains as a mode of expressing
friendship and congeniality among
members of the Stanford Family.
If a perfect stranger shouts a
vehement hello in passing you on
Quad today, he is not being rude—
he is following out the "Hello"
tradition, for 50 years a practice
on the Farm. Although the growth
of Stanford from a small com
munity of s<)o to one of 4,000 pre
vents students from knowing every
one else attending Stanford, the
practice of exchanging hellos re
mains as a mode of expressing
friendship and congeniality among
members of the Stanford Family.
If a perfect stranger shouts a
vehement hello in passing you on
Quad today, he is not being rude—
he is following out the "Hello"
tradition, for 50 years a practice
on the Farm. Although the growth
of Stanford from a small com
munity of s<)o to one of 4,000 pre
vents students from knowing every
one else attending Stanford, the
practice of exchanging hellos re
mains as a mode of expressing
friendship and congeniality among
members of the Stanford Family.
If a perfect stranger shouts a
vehement hello in passing you on
Quad today, he is not being rude—
he is following out the "Hello"
tradition, for 50 years a practice
on the Farm. Although the growth
of Stanford from a small com
munity of s<)o to one of 4,000 pre
vents students from knowing every
one else attending Stanford, the
practice of exchanging hellos re
mains as a mode of expressing
friendship and congeniality among
members of the Stanford Family.
If a perfect stranger shouts a
vehement hello in passing you on
Quad today, he is not being rude—
he is following out the "Hello"
tradition, for 50 years a practice
on the Farm. Although the growth
of Stanford from a small com
munity of s<)o to one of 4,000 pre
vents students from knowing every
one else attending Stanford, the
practice of exchanging hellos re
mains as a mode of expressing
friendship and congeniality among
members of the Stanford Family.
If a perfect stranger shouts a
vehement hello in passing you on
Quad today, he is not being rude—
he is following out the "Hello"
tradition, for 50 years a practice
on the Farm. Although the growth
of Stanford from a small com
munity of s<)o to one of 4,000 pre
vents students from knowing every
one else attending Stanford, the
practice of exchanging hellos re
mains as a mode of expressing
friendship and congeniality among
members of the Stanford Family.
If a perfect stranger shouts a
vehement hello in passing you on
Quad today, he is not being rude—
he is following out the "Hello"
tradition, for 50 years a practice
on the Farm. Although the growth
of Stanford from a small com
munity of s<)o to one of 4,000 pre
vents students from knowing every
one else attending Stanford, the
practice of exchanging hellos re
mains as a mode of expressing
friendship and congeniality among
members of the Stanford Family.
If a perfect stranger shouts a
vehement hello in passing you on
Quad today, he is not being rude—
he is following out the "Hello"
tradition, for 50 years a practice
on the Farm. Although the growth
of Stanford from a small com
munity of s<)o to one of 4,000 pre
vents students from knowing every
one else attending Stanford, the
practice of exchanging hellos re
mains as a mode of expressing
friendship and congeniality among
members of the Stanford Family.
If a perfect stranger shouts a
vehement hello in passing you on
Quad today, he is not being rude—
he is following out the "Hello"
tradition, for 50 years a practice
on the Farm. Although the growth
of Stanford from a small com
munity of s<)o to one of 4,000 pre
vents students from knowing every
one else attending Stanford, the
practice of exchanging hellos re
mains as a mode of expressing
friendship and congeniality among
members of the Stanford Family.
If a perfect stranger shouts a
vehement hello in passing you on
Quad today, he is not being rude—
he is following out the "Hello"
tradition, for 50 years a practice
on the Farm. Although the growth
of Stanford from a small com
munity of s<)o to one of 4,000 pre
vents students from knowing every
one else attending Stanford, the
practice of exchanging hellos re
mains as a mode of expressing
friendship and congeniality among
members of the Stanford Family.
If a perfect stranger shouts a
vehement hello in passing you on
Quad today, he is not being rude—
he is following out the "Hello"
tradition, for 50 years a practice
on the Farm. Although the growth
of Stanford from a small com
munity of s<)o to one of 4,000 pre
vents students from knowing every
one else attending Stanford, the
practice of exchanging hellos re
mains as a mode of expressing
friendship and congeniality among
members of the Stanford Family.
If a perfect stranger shouts a
vehement hello in passing you on
Quad today, he is not being rude—
he is following out the "Hello"
tradition, for 50 years a practice
on the Farm. Although the growth
of Stanford from a small com
munity of s<)o to one of 4,000 pre
vents students from knowing every
one else attending Stanford, the
practice of exchanging hellos re
mains as a mode of expressing
friendship and congeniality among
members of the Stanford Family.
