# Engineers To Give Last Dance Friday
## 
### 
Encouraged by a successful jam
session last Friday, the Army Swing
Band is all set for its big ASC dance
this Friday night. The dance starts
at eight o'clock and is, as usual, a
no-date affair.
This will be the last dance for the
engineers before their between
quarters furlough and for some will
be their last ASC dance at Stanford
before graduation.
Encouraged by a successful jam
session last Friday, the Army Swing
Band is all set for its big ASC dance
this Friday night. The dance starts
at eight o'clock and is, as usual, a
no-date affair.
This will be the last dance for the
engineers before their between
quarters furlough and for some will
be their last ASC dance at Stanford
before graduation.
Encouraged by a successful jam
session last Friday, the Army Swing
Band is all set for its big ASC dance
this Friday night. The dance starts
at eight o'clock and is, as usual, a
no-date affair.
This will be the last dance for the
engineers before their between
quarters furlough and for some will
be their last ASC dance at Stanford
before graduation.
Encouraged by a successful jam
session last Friday, the Army Swing
Band is all set for its big ASC dance
this Friday night. The dance starts
at eight o'clock and is, as usual, a
no-date affair.
This will be the last dance for the
engineers before their between
quarters furlough and for some will
be their last ASC dance at Stanford
before graduation.
Encouraged by a successful jam
session last Friday, the Army Swing
Band is all set for its big ASC dance
this Friday night. The dance starts
at eight o'clock and is, as usual, a
no-date affair.
This will be the last dance for the
engineers before their between
quarters furlough and for some will
be their last ASC dance at Stanford
before graduation.
Encouraged by a successful jam
session last Friday, the Army Swing
Band is all set for its big ASC dance
this Friday night. The dance starts
at eight o'clock and is, as usual, a
no-date affair.
This will be the last dance for the
engineers before their between
quarters furlough and for some will
be their last ASC dance at Stanford
before graduation.
Encouraged by a successful jam
session last Friday, the Army Swing
Band is all set for its big ASC dance
this Friday night. The dance starts
at eight o'clock and is, as usual, a
no-date affair.
This will be the last dance for the
engineers before their between
quarters furlough and for some will
be their last ASC dance at Stanford
before graduation.
Encouraged by a successful jam
session last Friday, the Army Swing
Band is all set for its big ASC dance
this Friday night. The dance starts
at eight o'clock and is, as usual, a
no-date affair.
This will be the last dance for the
engineers before their between
quarters furlough and for some will
be their last ASC dance at Stanford
before graduation.
Encouraged by a successful jam
session last Friday, the Army Swing
Band is all set for its big ASC dance
this Friday night. The dance starts
at eight o'clock and is, as usual, a
no-date affair.
This will be the last dance for the
engineers before their between
quarters furlough and for some will
be their last ASC dance at Stanford
before graduation.
Encouraged by a successful jam
session last Friday, the Army Swing
Band is all set for its big ASC dance
this Friday night. The dance starts
at eight o'clock and is, as usual, a
no-date affair.
This will be the last dance for the
engineers before their between
quarters furlough and for some will
be their last ASC dance at Stanford
before graduation.
Encouraged by a successful jam
session last Friday, the Army Swing
Band is all set for its big ASC dance
this Friday night. The dance starts
at eight o'clock and is, as usual, a
no-date affair.
This will be the last dance for the
engineers before their between
quarters furlough and for some will
be their last ASC dance at Stanford
before graduation.
Encouraged by a successful jam
session last Friday, the Army Swing
Band is all set for its big ASC dance
this Friday night. The dance starts
at eight o'clock and is, as usual, a
no-date affair.
This will be the last dance for the
engineers before their between
quarters furlough and for some will
be their last ASC dance at Stanford
before graduation.
Encouraged by a successful jam
session last Friday, the Army Swing
Band is all set for its big ASC dance
this Friday night. The dance starts
at eight o'clock and is, as usual, a
no-date affair.
This will be the last dance for the
engineers before their between
quarters furlough and for some will
be their last ASC dance at Stanford
before graduation.
Encouraged by a successful jam
session last Friday, the Army Swing
Band is all set for its big ASC dance
this Friday night. The dance starts
at eight o'clock and is, as usual, a
no-date affair.
This will be the last dance for the
engineers before their between
quarters furlough and for some will
be their last ASC dance at Stanford
before graduation.
Encouraged by a successful jam
session last Friday, the Army Swing
Band is all set for its big ASC dance
this Friday night. The dance starts
at eight o'clock and is, as usual, a
no-date affair.
This will be the last dance for the
engineers before their between
quarters furlough and for some will
be their last ASC dance at Stanford
before graduation.
