# Right or Wrong, Law Steps Are Reserved
## 
### 
Law students, rightly or wrong
ly. long ago assumed an attitude
of superiority to other students
who decorated the Stanford Quad.
As proof of their position, they
took over the Law steps (third
steps from the History corner) as
personal property, and clamped
down on anyone who dared to
trespass. This tradition, like oth
ers. is observed hy those who are
aware of it.
Law students, rightly or wrong
ly. long ago assumed an attitude
of superiority to other students
who decorated the Stanford Quad.
As proof of their position, they
took over the Law steps (third
steps from the History corner) as
personal property, and clamped
down on anyone who dared to
trespass. This tradition, like oth
ers. is observed hy those who are
aware of it.
Law students, rightly or wrong
ly. long ago assumed an attitude
of superiority to other students
who decorated the Stanford Quad.
As proof of their position, they
took over the Law steps (third
steps from the History corner) as
personal property, and clamped
down on anyone who dared to
trespass. This tradition, like oth
ers. is observed hy those who are
aware of it.
Law students, rightly or wrong
ly. long ago assumed an attitude
of superiority to other students
who decorated the Stanford Quad.
As proof of their position, they
took over the Law steps (third
steps from the History corner) as
personal property, and clamped
down on anyone who dared to
trespass. This tradition, like oth
ers. is observed hy those who are
aware of it.
Law students, rightly or wrong
ly. long ago assumed an attitude
of superiority to other students
who decorated the Stanford Quad.
As proof of their position, they
took over the Law steps (third
steps from the History corner) as
personal property, and clamped
down on anyone who dared to
trespass. This tradition, like oth
ers. is observed hy those who are
aware of it.
Law students, rightly or wrong
ly. long ago assumed an attitude
of superiority to other students
who decorated the Stanford Quad.
As proof of their position, they
took over the Law steps (third
steps from the History corner) as
personal property, and clamped
down on anyone who dared to
trespass. This tradition, like oth
ers. is observed hy those who are
aware of it.
Law students, rightly or wrong
ly. long ago assumed an attitude
of superiority to other students
who decorated the Stanford Quad.
As proof of their position, they
took over the Law steps (third
steps from the History corner) as
personal property, and clamped
down on anyone who dared to
trespass. This tradition, like oth
ers. is observed hy those who are
aware of it.
Law students, rightly or wrong
ly. long ago assumed an attitude
of superiority to other students
who decorated the Stanford Quad.
As proof of their position, they
took over the Law steps (third
steps from the History corner) as
personal property, and clamped
down on anyone who dared to
trespass. This tradition, like oth
ers. is observed hy those who are
aware of it.
Law students, rightly or wrong
ly. long ago assumed an attitude
of superiority to other students
who decorated the Stanford Quad.
As proof of their position, they
took over the Law steps (third
steps from the History corner) as
personal property, and clamped
down on anyone who dared to
trespass. This tradition, like oth
ers. is observed hy those who are
aware of it.
Law students, rightly or wrong
ly. long ago assumed an attitude
of superiority to other students
who decorated the Stanford Quad.
As proof of their position, they
took over the Law steps (third
steps from the History corner) as
personal property, and clamped
down on anyone who dared to
trespass. This tradition, like oth
ers. is observed hy those who are
aware of it.
Law students, rightly or wrong
ly. long ago assumed an attitude
of superiority to other students
who decorated the Stanford Quad.
As proof of their position, they
took over the Law steps (third
steps from the History corner) as
personal property, and clamped
down on anyone who dared to
trespass. This tradition, like oth
ers. is observed hy those who are
aware of it.
Law students, rightly or wrong
ly. long ago assumed an attitude
of superiority to other students
who decorated the Stanford Quad.
As proof of their position, they
took over the Law steps (third
steps from the History corner) as
personal property, and clamped
down on anyone who dared to
trespass. This tradition, like oth
ers. is observed hy those who are
aware of it.
Law students, rightly or wrong
ly. long ago assumed an attitude
of superiority to other students
who decorated the Stanford Quad.
As proof of their position, they
took over the Law steps (third
steps from the History corner) as
personal property, and clamped
down on anyone who dared to
trespass. This tradition, like oth
ers. is observed hy those who are
aware of it.
Law students, rightly or wrong
ly. long ago assumed an attitude
of superiority to other students
who decorated the Stanford Quad.
As proof of their position, they
took over the Law steps (third
steps from the History corner) as
personal property, and clamped
down on anyone who dared to
trespass. This tradition, like oth
ers. is observed hy those who are
aware of it.
Law students, rightly or wrong
ly. long ago assumed an attitude
of superiority to other students
who decorated the Stanford Quad.
As proof of their position, they
took over the Law steps (third
steps from the History corner) as
personal property, and clamped
down on anyone who dared to
trespass. This tradition, like oth
ers. is observed hy those who are
aware of it.
