# Applications for Spring Loans To Be Filed Now
## 
### 
All undergraduate and graduate
students wishing to make or renew
applications for rash loans for
spring quarter should do so this
week in the office of the Dean of
Women or the Dean of Men.
Application for Student Aid
Grunts for spring quarter must
also he made this week in Mr.
Winhigler's ofTicc, Room Mil of
Ihc Ad Itnilding.
All undergraduate and graduate
students wishing to make or renew
applications for rash loans for
spring quarter should do so this
week in the office of the Dean of
Women or the Dean of Men.
Application for Student Aid
Grunts for spring quarter must
also he made this week in Mr.
Winhigler's ofTicc, Room Mil of
Ihc Ad Itnilding.
All undergraduate and graduate
students wishing to make or renew
applications for rash loans for
spring quarter should do so this
week in the office of the Dean of
Women or the Dean of Men.
Application for Student Aid
Grunts for spring quarter must
also he made this week in Mr.
Winhigler's ofTicc, Room Mil of
Ihc Ad Itnilding.
All undergraduate and graduate
students wishing to make or renew
applications for rash loans for
spring quarter should do so this
week in the office of the Dean of
Women or the Dean of Men.
Application for Student Aid
Grunts for spring quarter must
also he made this week in Mr.
Winhigler's ofTicc, Room Mil of
Ihc Ad Itnilding.
All undergraduate and graduate
students wishing to make or renew
applications for rash loans for
spring quarter should do so this
week in the office of the Dean of
Women or the Dean of Men.
Application for Student Aid
Grunts for spring quarter must
also he made this week in Mr.
Winhigler's ofTicc, Room Mil of
Ihc Ad Itnilding.
All undergraduate and graduate
students wishing to make or renew
applications for rash loans for
spring quarter should do so this
week in the office of the Dean of
Women or the Dean of Men.
Application for Student Aid
Grunts for spring quarter must
also he made this week in Mr.
Winhigler's ofTicc, Room Mil of
Ihc Ad Itnilding.
All undergraduate and graduate
students wishing to make or renew
applications for rash loans for
spring quarter should do so this
week in the office of the Dean of
Women or the Dean of Men.
Application for Student Aid
Grunts for spring quarter must
also he made this week in Mr.
Winhigler's ofTicc, Room Mil of
Ihc Ad Itnilding.
All undergraduate and graduate
students wishing to make or renew
applications for rash loans for
spring quarter should do so this
week in the office of the Dean of
Women or the Dean of Men.
Application for Student Aid
Grunts for spring quarter must
also he made this week in Mr.
Winhigler's ofTicc, Room Mil of
Ihc Ad Itnilding.
All undergraduate and graduate
students wishing to make or renew
applications for rash loans for
spring quarter should do so this
week in the office of the Dean of
Women or the Dean of Men.
Application for Student Aid
Grunts for spring quarter must
also he made this week in Mr.
Winhigler's ofTicc, Room Mil of
Ihc Ad Itnilding.
All undergraduate and graduate
students wishing to make or renew
applications for rash loans for
spring quarter should do so this
week in the office of the Dean of
Women or the Dean of Men.
Application for Student Aid
Grunts for spring quarter must
also he made this week in Mr.
Winhigler's ofTicc, Room Mil of
Ihc Ad Itnilding.
All undergraduate and graduate
students wishing to make or renew
applications for rash loans for
spring quarter should do so this
week in the office of the Dean of
Women or the Dean of Men.
Application for Student Aid
Grunts for spring quarter must
also he made this week in Mr.
Winhigler's ofTicc, Room Mil of
Ihc Ad Itnilding.
All undergraduate and graduate
students wishing to make or renew
applications for rash loans for
spring quarter should do so this
week in the office of the Dean of
Women or the Dean of Men.
Application for Student Aid
Grunts for spring quarter must
also he made this week in Mr.
Winhigler's ofTicc, Room Mil of
Ihc Ad Itnilding.
All undergraduate and graduate
students wishing to make or renew
applications for rash loans for
spring quarter should do so this
week in the office of the Dean of
Women or the Dean of Men.
Application for Student Aid
Grunts for spring quarter must
also he made this week in Mr.
Winhigler's ofTicc, Room Mil of
Ihc Ad Itnilding.
All undergraduate and graduate
students wishing to make or renew
applications for rash loans for
spring quarter should do so this
week in the office of the Dean of
Women or the Dean of Men.
Application for Student Aid
Grunts for spring quarter must
also he made this week in Mr.
Winhigler's ofTicc, Room Mil of
Ihc Ad Itnilding.
All undergraduate and graduate
students wishing to make or renew
applications for rash loans for
spring quarter should do so this
week in the office of the Dean of
Women or the Dean of Men.
Application for Student Aid
Grunts for spring quarter must
also he made this week in Mr.
Winhigler's ofTicc, Room Mil of
Ihc Ad Itnilding.
