# Pacific, Asia Book Topics
## 
### 
A recent delegate to the Institute
of Pacific Relations, Felix M. Kees
ing, professor of anthropology, has
released a list of his current publi
cations relating to the progress of
Pacific and Asiatic studies.
Mr. Keesing is co-author of "The
Science of Man in the World Crisis,"
published by Columbia University
Pess in January 1945. This book pre
sents the viewpoints of the anthro
pological profession on many world
problems. Mr. Keesing wrote the
section on "Applied Anthropology in
Colonial Administration." The book
was the science book-of-the-month
for January.
War in the Pacific
In "The South Seas Now," leading
article for the February issue of
"Asia and the Americas," Mr. Kees
ing reviewed the effects of the war
upon the Pacific islands, the work of
military governments, and current
plans for future development of the
islands.
In the February issue of the "Far
Eastern Quarterly," Mr. Keesing
published "Cultural Trends in the
Philippines." He discussed the im
pact of Spanish and American in
stitutions upon the traditional Fili
pino customs and the possibility of
building up a Philippine national
culture.
Philippine Islands Discussed
"Extension Work in the Philip
pine Islands," an article by Mr.
Keesing in the February issue of
"Rural Sociology," is to be included
in a book being published by Co
lumbia University Press, dealing
with problems of agricultural exten
sion work and associated problems
of social welfare.
Mr. Keesing, who teaches in the
School of Humanities, has made
first-hand studies of the Pacific Is
lands, the Philiooines especially.
A recent delegate to the Institute
of Pacific Relations, Felix M. Kees
ing, professor of anthropology, has
released a list of his current publi
cations relating to the progress of
Pacific and Asiatic studies.
Mr. Keesing is co-author of "The
Science of Man in the World Crisis,"
published by Columbia University
Pess in January 1945. This book pre
sents the viewpoints of the anthro
pological profession on many world
problems. Mr. Keesing wrote the
section on "Applied Anthropology in
Colonial Administration." The book
was the science book-of-the-month
for January.
War in the Pacific
In "The South Seas Now," leading
article for the February issue of
"Asia and the Americas," Mr. Kees
ing reviewed the effects of the war
upon the Pacific islands, the work of
military governments, and current
plans for future development of the
islands.
In the February issue of the "Far
Eastern Quarterly," Mr. Keesing
published "Cultural Trends in the
Philippines." He discussed the im
pact of Spanish and American in
stitutions upon the traditional Fili
pino customs and the possibility of
building up a Philippine national
culture.
Philippine Islands Discussed
"Extension Work in the Philip
pine Islands," an article by Mr.
Keesing in the February issue of
"Rural Sociology," is to be included
in a book being published by Co
lumbia University Press, dealing
with problems of agricultural exten
sion work and associated problems
of social welfare.
Mr. Keesing, who teaches in the
School of Humanities, has made
first-hand studies of the Pacific Is
lands, the Philiooines especially.
A recent delegate to the Institute
of Pacific Relations, Felix M. Kees
ing, professor of anthropology, has
released a list of his current publi
cations relating to the progress of
Pacific and Asiatic studies.
Mr. Keesing is co-author of "The
Science of Man in the World Crisis,"
published by Columbia University
Pess in January 1945. This book pre
sents the viewpoints of the anthro
pological profession on many world
problems. Mr. Keesing wrote the
section on "Applied Anthropology in
Colonial Administration." The book
was the science book-of-the-month
for January.
War in the Pacific
In "The South Seas Now," leading
article for the February issue of
"Asia and the Americas," Mr. Kees
ing reviewed the effects of the war
upon the Pacific islands, the work of
military governments, and current
plans for future development of the
islands.
In the February issue of the "Far
Eastern Quarterly," Mr. Keesing
published "Cultural Trends in the
Philippines." He discussed the im
pact of Spanish and American in
stitutions upon the traditional Fili
pino customs and the possibility of
building up a Philippine national
culture.
Philippine Islands Discussed
"Extension Work in the Philip
pine Islands," an article by Mr.
Keesing in the February issue of
"Rural Sociology," is to be included
in a book being published by Co
lumbia University Press, dealing
with problems of agricultural exten
sion work and associated problems
of social welfare.
Mr. Keesing, who teaches in the
School of Humanities, has made
first-hand studies of the Pacific Is
lands, the Philiooines especially.
A recent delegate to the Institute
of Pacific Relations, Felix M. Kees
ing, professor of anthropology, has
released a list of his current publi
cations relating to the progress of
Pacific and Asiatic studies.
Mr. Keesing is co-author of "The
Science of Man in the World Crisis,"
published by Columbia University
Pess in January 1945. This book pre
sents the viewpoints of the anthro
pological profession on many world
problems. Mr. Keesing wrote the
section on "Applied Anthropology in
Colonial Administration." The book
was the science book-of-the-month
for January.
War in the Pacific
In "The South Seas Now," leading
article for the February issue of
"Asia and the Americas," Mr. Kees
ing reviewed the effects of the war
upon the Pacific islands, the work of
military governments, and current
plans for future development of the
islands.
In the February issue of the "Far
Eastern Quarterly," Mr. Keesing
published "Cultural Trends in the
Philippines." He discussed the im
pact of Spanish and American in
stitutions upon the traditional Fili
pino customs and the possibility of
building up a Philippine national
culture.
Philippine Islands Discussed
"Extension Work in the Philip
pine Islands," an article by Mr.
Keesing in the February issue of
"Rural Sociology," is to be included
in a book being published by Co
lumbia University Press, dealing
with problems of agricultural exten
sion work and associated problems
of social welfare.
Mr. Keesing, who teaches in the
School of Humanities, has made
first-hand studies of the Pacific Is
lands, the Philiooines especially.
A recent delegate to the Institute
of Pacific Relations, Felix M. Kees
ing, professor of anthropology, has
released a list of his current publi
cations relating to the progress of
Pacific and Asiatic studies.
Mr. Keesing is co-author of "The
Science of Man in the World Crisis,"
published by Columbia University
Pess in January 1945. This book pre
sents the viewpoints of the anthro
pological profession on many world
problems. Mr. Keesing wrote the
section on "Applied Anthropology in
Colonial Administration." The book
was the science book-of-the-month
for January.
War in the Pacific
In "The South Seas Now," leading
article for the February issue of
"Asia and the Americas," Mr. Kees
ing reviewed the effects of the war
upon the Pacific islands, the work of
military governments, and current
plans for future development of the
islands.
In the February issue of the "Far
Eastern Quarterly," Mr. Keesing
published "Cultural Trends in the
Philippines." He discussed the im
pact of Spanish and American in
stitutions upon the traditional Fili
pino customs and the possibility of
building up a Philippine national
culture.
Philippine Islands Discussed
"Extension Work in the Philip
pine Islands," an article by Mr.
Keesing in the February issue of
"Rural Sociology," is to be included
in a book being published by Co
lumbia University Press, dealing
with problems of agricultural exten
sion work and associated problems
of social welfare.
Mr. Keesing, who teaches in the
School of Humanities, has made
first-hand studies of the Pacific Is
lands, the Philiooines especially.
A recent delegate to the Institute
of Pacific Relations, Felix M. Kees
ing, professor of anthropology, has
released a list of his current publi
cations relating to the progress of
Pacific and Asiatic studies.
Mr. Keesing is co-author of "The
Science of Man in the World Crisis,"
published by Columbia University
Pess in January 1945. This book pre
sents the viewpoints of the anthro
pological profession on many world
problems. Mr. Keesing wrote the
section on "Applied Anthropology in
Colonial Administration." The book
was the science book-of-the-month
for January.
War in the Pacific
In "The South Seas Now," leading
article for the February issue of
"Asia and the Americas," Mr. Kees
ing reviewed the effects of the war
upon the Pacific islands, the work of
military governments, and current
plans for future development of the
islands.
In the February issue of the "Far
Eastern Quarterly," Mr. Keesing
published "Cultural Trends in the
Philippines." He discussed the im
pact of Spanish and American in
stitutions upon the traditional Fili
pino customs and the possibility of
building up a Philippine national
culture.
Philippine Islands Discussed
"Extension Work in the Philip
pine Islands," an article by Mr.
Keesing in the February issue of
"Rural Sociology," is to be included
in a book being published by Co
lumbia University Press, dealing
with problems of agricultural exten
sion work and associated problems
of social welfare.
Mr. Keesing, who teaches in the
School of Humanities, has made
first-hand studies of the Pacific Is
lands, the Philiooines especially.
A recent delegate to the Institute
of Pacific Relations, Felix M. Kees
ing, professor of anthropology, has
released a list of his current publi
cations relating to the progress of
Pacific and Asiatic studies.
Mr. Keesing is co-author of "The
Science of Man in the World Crisis,"
published by Columbia University
Pess in January 1945. This book pre
sents the viewpoints of the anthro
pological profession on many world
problems. Mr. Keesing wrote the
section on "Applied Anthropology in
Colonial Administration." The book
was the science book-of-the-month
for January.
War in the Pacific
In "The South Seas Now," leading
article for the February issue of
"Asia and the Americas," Mr. Kees
ing reviewed the effects of the war
upon the Pacific islands, the work of
military governments, and current
plans for future development of the
islands.
In the February issue of the "Far
Eastern Quarterly," Mr. Keesing
published "Cultural Trends in the
Philippines." He discussed the im
pact of Spanish and American in
stitutions upon the traditional Fili
pino customs and the possibility of
building up a Philippine national
culture.
Philippine Islands Discussed
"Extension Work in the Philip
pine Islands," an article by Mr.
Keesing in the February issue of
"Rural Sociology," is to be included
in a book being published by Co
lumbia University Press, dealing
with problems of agricultural exten
sion work and associated problems
of social welfare.
Mr. Keesing, who teaches in the
School of Humanities, has made
first-hand studies of the Pacific Is
lands, the Philiooines especially.
A recent delegate to the Institute
of Pacific Relations, Felix M. Kees
ing, professor of anthropology, has
released a list of his current publi
cations relating to the progress of
Pacific and Asiatic studies.
Mr. Keesing is co-author of "The
Science of Man in the World Crisis,"
published by Columbia University
Pess in January 1945. This book pre
sents the viewpoints of the anthro
pological profession on many world
problems. Mr. Keesing wrote the
section on "Applied Anthropology in
Colonial Administration." The book
was the science book-of-the-month
for January.
War in the Pacific
In "The South Seas Now," leading
article for the February issue of
"Asia and the Americas," Mr. Kees
ing reviewed the effects of the war
upon the Pacific islands, the work of
military governments, and current
plans for future development of the
islands.
In the February issue of the "Far
Eastern Quarterly," Mr. Keesing
published "Cultural Trends in the
Philippines." He discussed the im
pact of Spanish and American in
stitutions upon the traditional Fili
pino customs and the possibility of
building up a Philippine national
culture.
Philippine Islands Discussed
"Extension Work in the Philip
pine Islands," an article by Mr.
Keesing in the February issue of
"Rural Sociology," is to be included
in a book being published by Co
lumbia University Press, dealing
with problems of agricultural exten
sion work and associated problems
of social welfare.
Mr. Keesing, who teaches in the
School of Humanities, has made
first-hand studies of the Pacific Is
lands, the Philiooines especially.
A recent delegate to the Institute
of Pacific Relations, Felix M. Kees
ing, professor of anthropology, has
released a list of his current publi
cations relating to the progress of
Pacific and Asiatic studies.
Mr. Keesing is co-author of "The
Science of Man in the World Crisis,"
published by Columbia University
Pess in January 1945. This book pre
sents the viewpoints of the anthro
pological profession on many world
problems. Mr. Keesing wrote the
section on "Applied Anthropology in
Colonial Administration." The book
was the science book-of-the-month
for January.
War in the Pacific
In "The South Seas Now," leading
article for the February issue of
"Asia and the Americas," Mr. Kees
ing reviewed the effects of the war
upon the Pacific islands, the work of
military governments, and current
plans for future development of the
islands.
In the February issue of the "Far
Eastern Quarterly," Mr. Keesing
published "Cultural Trends in the
Philippines." He discussed the im
pact of Spanish and American in
stitutions upon the traditional Fili
pino customs and the possibility of
building up a Philippine national
culture.
Philippine Islands Discussed
"Extension Work in the Philip
pine Islands," an article by Mr.
Keesing in the February issue of
"Rural Sociology," is to be included
in a book being published by Co
lumbia University Press, dealing
with problems of agricultural exten
sion work and associated problems
of social welfare.
Mr. Keesing, who teaches in the
School of Humanities, has made
first-hand studies of the Pacific Is
lands, the Philiooines especially.
A recent delegate to the Institute
of Pacific Relations, Felix M. Kees
ing, professor of anthropology, has
released a list of his current publi
cations relating to the progress of
Pacific and Asiatic studies.
Mr. Keesing is co-author of "The
Science of Man in the World Crisis,"
published by Columbia University
Pess in January 1945. This book pre
sents the viewpoints of the anthro
pological profession on many world
problems. Mr. Keesing wrote the
section on "Applied Anthropology in
Colonial Administration." The book
was the science book-of-the-month
for January.
War in the Pacific
In "The South Seas Now," leading
article for the February issue of
"Asia and the Americas," Mr. Kees
ing reviewed the effects of the war
upon the Pacific islands, the work of
military governments, and current
plans for future development of the
islands.
In the February issue of the "Far
Eastern Quarterly," Mr. Keesing
published "Cultural Trends in the
Philippines." He discussed the im
pact of Spanish and American in
stitutions upon the traditional Fili
pino customs and the possibility of
building up a Philippine national
culture.
Philippine Islands Discussed
"Extension Work in the Philip
pine Islands," an article by Mr.
Keesing in the February issue of
"Rural Sociology," is to be included
in a book being published by Co
lumbia University Press, dealing
with problems of agricultural exten
sion work and associated problems
of social welfare.
Mr. Keesing, who teaches in the
School of Humanities, has made
first-hand studies of the Pacific Is
lands, the Philiooines especially.
A recent delegate to the Institute
of Pacific Relations, Felix M. Kees
ing, professor of anthropology, has
released a list of his current publi
cations relating to the progress of
Pacific and Asiatic studies.
Mr. Keesing is co-author of "The
Science of Man in the World Crisis,"
published by Columbia University
Pess in January 1945. This book pre
sents the viewpoints of the anthro
pological profession on many world
problems. Mr. Keesing wrote the
section on "Applied Anthropology in
Colonial Administration." The book
was the science book-of-the-month
for January.
War in the Pacific
In "The South Seas Now," leading
article for the February issue of
"Asia and the Americas," Mr. Kees
ing reviewed the effects of the war
upon the Pacific islands, the work of
military governments, and current
plans for future development of the
islands.
In the February issue of the "Far
Eastern Quarterly," Mr. Keesing
published "Cultural Trends in the
Philippines." He discussed the im
pact of Spanish and American in
stitutions upon the traditional Fili
pino customs and the possibility of
building up a Philippine national
culture.
Philippine Islands Discussed
"Extension Work in the Philip
pine Islands," an article by Mr.
Keesing in the February issue of
"Rural Sociology," is to be included
in a book being published by Co
lumbia University Press, dealing
with problems of agricultural exten
sion work and associated problems
of social welfare.
Mr. Keesing, who teaches in the
School of Humanities, has made
first-hand studies of the Pacific Is
lands, the Philiooines especially.
A recent delegate to the Institute
of Pacific Relations, Felix M. Kees
ing, professor of anthropology, has
released a list of his current publi
cations relating to the progress of
Pacific and Asiatic studies.
Mr. Keesing is co-author of "The
Science of Man in the World Crisis,"
published by Columbia University
Pess in January 1945. This book pre
sents the viewpoints of the anthro
pological profession on many world
problems. Mr. Keesing wrote the
section on "Applied Anthropology in
Colonial Administration." The book
was the science book-of-the-month
for January.
War in the Pacific
In "The South Seas Now," leading
article for the February issue of
"Asia and the Americas," Mr. Kees
ing reviewed the effects of the war
upon the Pacific islands, the work of
military governments, and current
plans for future development of the
islands.
In the February issue of the "Far
Eastern Quarterly," Mr. Keesing
published "Cultural Trends in the
Philippines." He discussed the im
pact of Spanish and American in
stitutions upon the traditional Fili
pino customs and the possibility of
building up a Philippine national
culture.
Philippine Islands Discussed
"Extension Work in the Philip
pine Islands," an article by Mr.
Keesing in the February issue of
"Rural Sociology," is to be included
in a book being published by Co
lumbia University Press, dealing
with problems of agricultural exten
sion work and associated problems
of social welfare.
Mr. Keesing, who teaches in the
School of Humanities, has made
first-hand studies of the Pacific Is
lands, the Philiooines especially.
A recent delegate to the Institute
of Pacific Relations, Felix M. Kees
ing, professor of anthropology, has
released a list of his current publi
cations relating to the progress of
Pacific and Asiatic studies.
Mr. Keesing is co-author of "The
Science of Man in the World Crisis,"
published by Columbia University
Pess in January 1945. This book pre
sents the viewpoints of the anthro
pological profession on many world
problems. Mr. Keesing wrote the
section on "Applied Anthropology in
Colonial Administration." The book
was the science book-of-the-month
for January.
War in the Pacific
In "The South Seas Now," leading
article for the February issue of
"Asia and the Americas," Mr. Kees
ing reviewed the effects of the war
upon the Pacific islands, the work of
military governments, and current
plans for future development of the
islands.
In the February issue of the "Far
Eastern Quarterly," Mr. Keesing
published "Cultural Trends in the
Philippines." He discussed the im
pact of Spanish and American in
stitutions upon the traditional Fili
pino customs and the possibility of
building up a Philippine national
culture.
Philippine Islands Discussed
"Extension Work in the Philip
pine Islands," an article by Mr.
Keesing in the February issue of
"Rural Sociology," is to be included
in a book being published by Co
lumbia University Press, dealing
with problems of agricultural exten
sion work and associated problems
of social welfare.
Mr. Keesing, who teaches in the
School of Humanities, has made
first-hand studies of the Pacific Is
lands, the Philiooines especially.
A recent delegate to the Institute
of Pacific Relations, Felix M. Kees
ing, professor of anthropology, has
released a list of his current publi
cations relating to the progress of
Pacific and Asiatic studies.
Mr. Keesing is co-author of "The
Science of Man in the World Crisis,"
published by Columbia University
Pess in January 1945. This book pre
sents the viewpoints of the anthro
pological profession on many world
problems. Mr. Keesing wrote the
section on "Applied Anthropology in
Colonial Administration." The book
was the science book-of-the-month
for January.
War in the Pacific
In "The South Seas Now," leading
article for the February issue of
"Asia and the Americas," Mr. Kees
ing reviewed the effects of the war
upon the Pacific islands, the work of
military governments, and current
plans for future development of the
islands.
In the February issue of the "Far
Eastern Quarterly," Mr. Keesing
published "Cultural Trends in the
Philippines." He discussed the im
pact of Spanish and American in
stitutions upon the traditional Fili
pino customs and the possibility of
building up a Philippine national
culture.
Philippine Islands Discussed
"Extension Work in the Philip
pine Islands," an article by Mr.
Keesing in the February issue of
"Rural Sociology," is to be included
in a book being published by Co
lumbia University Press, dealing
with problems of agricultural exten
sion work and associated problems
of social welfare.
Mr. Keesing, who teaches in the
School of Humanities, has made
first-hand studies of the Pacific Is
lands, the Philiooines especially.
A recent delegate to the Institute
of Pacific Relations, Felix M. Kees
ing, professor of anthropology, has
released a list of his current publi
cations relating to the progress of
Pacific and Asiatic studies.
Mr. Keesing is co-author of "The
Science of Man in the World Crisis,"
published by Columbia University
Pess in January 1945. This book pre
sents the viewpoints of the anthro
pological profession on many world
problems. Mr. Keesing wrote the
section on "Applied Anthropology in
Colonial Administration." The book
was the science book-of-the-month
for January.
War in the Pacific
In "The South Seas Now," leading
article for the February issue of
"Asia and the Americas," Mr. Kees
ing reviewed the effects of the war
upon the Pacific islands, the work of
military governments, and current
plans for future development of the
islands.
In the February issue of the "Far
Eastern Quarterly," Mr. Keesing
published "Cultural Trends in the
Philippines." He discussed the im
pact of Spanish and American in
stitutions upon the traditional Fili
pino customs and the possibility of
building up a Philippine national
culture.
Philippine Islands Discussed
"Extension Work in the Philip
pine Islands," an article by Mr.
Keesing in the February issue of
"Rural Sociology," is to be included
in a book being published by Co
lumbia University Press, dealing
with problems of agricultural exten
sion work and associated problems
of social welfare.
Mr. Keesing, who teaches in the
School of Humanities, has made
first-hand studies of the Pacific Is
lands, the Philiooines especially.
