# Pajamarino Is Old Football Tradition
## 
### 
Traditional is the Pajamarino:
freshmen men, clad in rooters caps
and pajamas, throng to the pre-
SouLhern California game Rally,
march by torchlight to serenade
Koble. caravjin to Palo Alto for a
free show at one of the theaters.
Temporarily at a standstill, the
football traditions are neverthe
less a vital fragment of Stanford's
traditions which will be revied
with the return of sports.
Traditional is the Pajamarino:
freshmen men, clad in rooters caps
and pajamas, throng to the pre-
SouLhern California game Rally,
march by torchlight to serenade
Koble. caravjin to Palo Alto for a
free show at one of the theaters.
Temporarily at a standstill, the
football traditions are neverthe
less a vital fragment of Stanford's
traditions which will be revied
with the return of sports.
Traditional is the Pajamarino:
freshmen men, clad in rooters caps
and pajamas, throng to the pre-
SouLhern California game Rally,
march by torchlight to serenade
Koble. caravjin to Palo Alto for a
free show at one of the theaters.
Temporarily at a standstill, the
football traditions are neverthe
less a vital fragment of Stanford's
traditions which will be revied
with the return of sports.
Traditional is the Pajamarino:
freshmen men, clad in rooters caps
and pajamas, throng to the pre-
SouLhern California game Rally,
march by torchlight to serenade
Koble. caravjin to Palo Alto for a
free show at one of the theaters.
Temporarily at a standstill, the
football traditions are neverthe
less a vital fragment of Stanford's
traditions which will be revied
with the return of sports.
Traditional is the Pajamarino:
freshmen men, clad in rooters caps
and pajamas, throng to the pre-
SouLhern California game Rally,
march by torchlight to serenade
Koble. caravjin to Palo Alto for a
free show at one of the theaters.
Temporarily at a standstill, the
football traditions are neverthe
less a vital fragment of Stanford's
traditions which will be revied
with the return of sports.
Traditional is the Pajamarino:
freshmen men, clad in rooters caps
and pajamas, throng to the pre-
SouLhern California game Rally,
march by torchlight to serenade
Koble. caravjin to Palo Alto for a
free show at one of the theaters.
Temporarily at a standstill, the
football traditions are neverthe
less a vital fragment of Stanford's
traditions which will be revied
with the return of sports.
Traditional is the Pajamarino:
freshmen men, clad in rooters caps
and pajamas, throng to the pre-
SouLhern California game Rally,
march by torchlight to serenade
Koble. caravjin to Palo Alto for a
free show at one of the theaters.
Temporarily at a standstill, the
football traditions are neverthe
less a vital fragment of Stanford's
traditions which will be revied
with the return of sports.
Traditional is the Pajamarino:
freshmen men, clad in rooters caps
and pajamas, throng to the pre-
SouLhern California game Rally,
march by torchlight to serenade
Koble. caravjin to Palo Alto for a
free show at one of the theaters.
Temporarily at a standstill, the
football traditions are neverthe
less a vital fragment of Stanford's
traditions which will be revied
with the return of sports.
Traditional is the Pajamarino:
freshmen men, clad in rooters caps
and pajamas, throng to the pre-
SouLhern California game Rally,
march by torchlight to serenade
Koble. caravjin to Palo Alto for a
free show at one of the theaters.
Temporarily at a standstill, the
football traditions are neverthe
less a vital fragment of Stanford's
traditions which will be revied
with the return of sports.
Traditional is the Pajamarino:
freshmen men, clad in rooters caps
and pajamas, throng to the pre-
SouLhern California game Rally,
march by torchlight to serenade
Koble. caravjin to Palo Alto for a
free show at one of the theaters.
Temporarily at a standstill, the
football traditions are neverthe
less a vital fragment of Stanford's
traditions which will be revied
with the return of sports.
Traditional is the Pajamarino:
freshmen men, clad in rooters caps
and pajamas, throng to the pre-
SouLhern California game Rally,
march by torchlight to serenade
Koble. caravjin to Palo Alto for a
free show at one of the theaters.
Temporarily at a standstill, the
football traditions are neverthe
less a vital fragment of Stanford's
traditions which will be revied
with the return of sports.
Traditional is the Pajamarino:
freshmen men, clad in rooters caps
and pajamas, throng to the pre-
SouLhern California game Rally,
march by torchlight to serenade
Koble. caravjin to Palo Alto for a
free show at one of the theaters.
Temporarily at a standstill, the
football traditions are neverthe
less a vital fragment of Stanford's
traditions which will be revied
with the return of sports.
Traditional is the Pajamarino:
freshmen men, clad in rooters caps
and pajamas, throng to the pre-
SouLhern California game Rally,
march by torchlight to serenade
Koble. caravjin to Palo Alto for a
free show at one of the theaters.
Temporarily at a standstill, the
football traditions are neverthe
less a vital fragment of Stanford's
traditions which will be revied
with the return of sports.
Traditional is the Pajamarino:
freshmen men, clad in rooters caps
and pajamas, throng to the pre-
SouLhern California game Rally,
march by torchlight to serenade
Koble. caravjin to Palo Alto for a
free show at one of the theaters.
Temporarily at a standstill, the
football traditions are neverthe
less a vital fragment of Stanford's
traditions which will be revied
with the return of sports.
Traditional is the Pajamarino:
freshmen men, clad in rooters caps
and pajamas, throng to the pre-
SouLhern California game Rally,
march by torchlight to serenade
Koble. caravjin to Palo Alto for a
free show at one of the theaters.
Temporarily at a standstill, the
football traditions are neverthe
less a vital fragment of Stanford's
traditions which will be revied
with the return of sports.
