# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Table board $20 per month, sin
gle meals '25 cents, at Descanso
Cottage, campus.
Bracchi's Livery Stable. —Fine
Victorias and Hacks. Prices rea
sonable. Telephone Main 43, May
field.
Table board $20 per month, sin
gle meals '25 cents, at Descanso
Cottage, campus.
Bracchi's Livery Stable. —Fine
Victorias and Hacks. Prices rea
sonable. Telephone Main 43, May
field.
Table board $20 per month, sin
gle meals '25 cents, at Descanso
Cottage, campus.
Bracchi's Livery Stable. —Fine
Victorias and Hacks. Prices rea
sonable. Telephone Main 43, May
field.
Table board $20 per month, sin
gle meals '25 cents, at Descanso
Cottage, campus.
Bracchi's Livery Stable. —Fine
Victorias and Hacks. Prices rea
sonable. Telephone Main 43, May
field.
Table board $20 per month, sin
gle meals '25 cents, at Descanso
Cottage, campus.
Bracchi's Livery Stable. —Fine
Victorias and Hacks. Prices rea
sonable. Telephone Main 43, May
field.
Table board $20 per month, sin
gle meals '25 cents, at Descanso
Cottage, campus.
Bracchi's Livery Stable. —Fine
Victorias and Hacks. Prices rea
sonable. Telephone Main 43, May
field.
Table board $20 per month, sin
gle meals '25 cents, at Descanso
Cottage, campus.
Bracchi's Livery Stable. —Fine
Victorias and Hacks. Prices rea
sonable. Telephone Main 43, May
field.
