# NATIONAL ACADEMY MANUAL TO PRINT RESULTS OF STUDY
## 
### 
Returns from the Later Maturity
Project that has been conducted by
the psychology department for the
past 11 months will soon be pub
lished in the National Academy of
Arts and Sciences Manual. Profes
sor W. E. Miles announced yester
day.

The study concerns people of 50
years or older in comparison with
younger persons. Contrary to a
popular belief, the project shows
that the reaction speed of aged per
sons is not materially lower than
people under 50 years. The slow
ness is in feeling more than in ac
tual fact, as is shown by the dis
covery that men beyond 50 suffer
from an inferiority complex.

The psychology department is
planning to continue the study dur
nig the remainder of the year.
Returns from the Later Maturity
Project that has been conducted by
the psychology department for the
past 11 months will soon be pub
lished in the National Academy of
Arts and Sciences Manual. Profes
sor W. E. Miles announced yester
day.

The study concerns people of 50
years or older in comparison with
younger persons. Contrary to a
popular belief, the project shows
that the reaction speed of aged per
sons is not materially lower than
people under 50 years. The slow
ness is in feeling more than in ac
tual fact, as is shown by the dis
covery that men beyond 50 suffer
from an inferiority complex.

The psychology department is
planning to continue the study dur
nig the remainder of the year.
Returns from the Later Maturity
Project that has been conducted by
the psychology department for the
past 11 months will soon be pub
lished in the National Academy of
Arts and Sciences Manual. Profes
sor W. E. Miles announced yester
day.

The study concerns people of 50
years or older in comparison with
younger persons. Contrary to a
popular belief, the project shows
that the reaction speed of aged per
sons is not materially lower than
people under 50 years. The slow
ness is in feeling more than in ac
tual fact, as is shown by the dis
covery that men beyond 50 suffer
from an inferiority complex.

The psychology department is
planning to continue the study dur
nig the remainder of the year.
Returns from the Later Maturity
Project that has been conducted by
the psychology department for the
past 11 months will soon be pub
lished in the National Academy of
Arts and Sciences Manual. Profes
sor W. E. Miles announced yester
day.

The study concerns people of 50
years or older in comparison with
younger persons. Contrary to a
popular belief, the project shows
that the reaction speed of aged per
sons is not materially lower than
people under 50 years. The slow
ness is in feeling more than in ac
tual fact, as is shown by the dis
covery that men beyond 50 suffer
from an inferiority complex.

The psychology department is
planning to continue the study dur
nig the remainder of the year.
Returns from the Later Maturity
Project that has been conducted by
the psychology department for the
past 11 months will soon be pub
lished in the National Academy of
Arts and Sciences Manual. Profes
sor W. E. Miles announced yester
day.

The study concerns people of 50
years or older in comparison with
younger persons. Contrary to a
popular belief, the project shows
that the reaction speed of aged per
sons is not materially lower than
people under 50 years. The slow
ness is in feeling more than in ac
tual fact, as is shown by the dis
covery that men beyond 50 suffer
from an inferiority complex.

The psychology department is
planning to continue the study dur
nig the remainder of the year.
Returns from the Later Maturity
Project that has been conducted by
the psychology department for the
past 11 months will soon be pub
lished in the National Academy of
Arts and Sciences Manual. Profes
sor W. E. Miles announced yester
day.

The study concerns people of 50
years or older in comparison with
younger persons. Contrary to a
popular belief, the project shows
that the reaction speed of aged per
sons is not materially lower than
people under 50 years. The slow
ness is in feeling more than in ac
tual fact, as is shown by the dis
covery that men beyond 50 suffer
from an inferiority complex.

The psychology department is
planning to continue the study dur
nig the remainder of the year.
Returns from the Later Maturity
Project that has been conducted by
the psychology department for the
past 11 months will soon be pub
lished in the National Academy of
Arts and Sciences Manual. Profes
sor W. E. Miles announced yester
day.

The study concerns people of 50
years or older in comparison with
younger persons. Contrary to a
popular belief, the project shows
that the reaction speed of aged per
sons is not materially lower than
people under 50 years. The slow
ness is in feeling more than in ac
tual fact, as is shown by the dis
covery that men beyond 50 suffer
from an inferiority complex.

The psychology department is
planning to continue the study dur
nig the remainder of the year.
Returns from the Later Maturity
Project that has been conducted by
the psychology department for the
past 11 months will soon be pub
lished in the National Academy of
Arts and Sciences Manual. Profes
sor W. E. Miles announced yester
day.

The study concerns people of 50
years or older in comparison with
younger persons. Contrary to a
popular belief, the project shows
that the reaction speed of aged per
sons is not materially lower than
people under 50 years. The slow
ness is in feeling more than in ac
tual fact, as is shown by the dis
covery that men beyond 50 suffer
from an inferiority complex.

The psychology department is
planning to continue the study dur
nig the remainder of the year.
Returns from the Later Maturity
Project that has been conducted by
the psychology department for the
past 11 months will soon be pub
lished in the National Academy of
Arts and Sciences Manual. Profes
sor W. E. Miles announced yester
day.

The study concerns people of 50
years or older in comparison with
younger persons. Contrary to a
popular belief, the project shows
that the reaction speed of aged per
sons is not materially lower than
people under 50 years. The slow
ness is in feeling more than in ac
tual fact, as is shown by the dis
covery that men beyond 50 suffer
from an inferiority complex.

The psychology department is
planning to continue the study dur
nig the remainder of the year.
Returns from the Later Maturity
Project that has been conducted by
the psychology department for the
past 11 months will soon be pub
lished in the National Academy of
Arts and Sciences Manual. Profes
sor W. E. Miles announced yester
day.

The study concerns people of 50
years or older in comparison with
younger persons. Contrary to a
popular belief, the project shows
that the reaction speed of aged per
sons is not materially lower than
people under 50 years. The slow
ness is in feeling more than in ac
tual fact, as is shown by the dis
covery that men beyond 50 suffer
from an inferiority complex.

The psychology department is
planning to continue the study dur
nig the remainder of the year.
Returns from the Later Maturity
Project that has been conducted by
the psychology department for the
past 11 months will soon be pub
lished in the National Academy of
Arts and Sciences Manual. Profes
sor W. E. Miles announced yester
day.

The study concerns people of 50
years or older in comparison with
younger persons. Contrary to a
popular belief, the project shows
that the reaction speed of aged per
sons is not materially lower than
people under 50 years. The slow
ness is in feeling more than in ac
tual fact, as is shown by the dis
covery that men beyond 50 suffer
from an inferiority complex.

The psychology department is
planning to continue the study dur
nig the remainder of the year.
Returns from the Later Maturity
Project that has been conducted by
the psychology department for the
past 11 months will soon be pub
lished in the National Academy of
Arts and Sciences Manual. Profes
sor W. E. Miles announced yester
day.

The study concerns people of 50
years or older in comparison with
younger persons. Contrary to a
popular belief, the project shows
that the reaction speed of aged per
sons is not materially lower than
people under 50 years. The slow
ness is in feeling more than in ac
tual fact, as is shown by the dis
covery that men beyond 50 suffer
from an inferiority complex.

The psychology department is
planning to continue the study dur
nig the remainder of the year.
Returns from the Later Maturity
Project that has been conducted by
the psychology department for the
past 11 months will soon be pub
lished in the National Academy of
Arts and Sciences Manual. Profes
sor W. E. Miles announced yester
day.

The study concerns people of 50
years or older in comparison with
younger persons. Contrary to a
popular belief, the project shows
that the reaction speed of aged per
sons is not materially lower than
people under 50 years. The slow
ness is in feeling more than in ac
tual fact, as is shown by the dis
covery that men beyond 50 suffer
from an inferiority complex.

The psychology department is
planning to continue the study dur
nig the remainder of the year.
Returns from the Later Maturity
Project that has been conducted by
the psychology department for the
past 11 months will soon be pub
lished in the National Academy of
Arts and Sciences Manual. Profes
sor W. E. Miles announced yester
day.

The study concerns people of 50
years or older in comparison with
younger persons. Contrary to a
popular belief, the project shows
that the reaction speed of aged per
sons is not materially lower than
people under 50 years. The slow
ness is in feeling more than in ac
tual fact, as is shown by the dis
covery that men beyond 50 suffer
from an inferiority complex.

The psychology department is
planning to continue the study dur
nig the remainder of the year.
Returns from the Later Maturity
Project that has been conducted by
the psychology department for the
past 11 months will soon be pub
lished in the National Academy of
Arts and Sciences Manual. Profes
sor W. E. Miles announced yester
day.

The study concerns people of 50
years or older in comparison with
younger persons. Contrary to a
popular belief, the project shows
that the reaction speed of aged per
sons is not materially lower than
people under 50 years. The slow
ness is in feeling more than in ac
tual fact, as is shown by the dis
covery that men beyond 50 suffer
from an inferiority complex.

The psychology department is
planning to continue the study dur
nig the remainder of the year.
