# STANFORD DEFENDS CAPITAL IN DEBATE WITH PACIFIC TRIO
## 
### 
In a debate with College of the
Pacific last night, three Stanford
men, Franklin Gilchrist, David Mc-
Daniel, and Floyd Benson, spoke
before an audience at Stockton on
the question: "Resolved, that the
present economic crisis constitutes
a major indictment of the capitalis
tic system." Stanford defended the
negative of the proposition.
Two of the speakers for College
of the Pacific had previous experi
(nc« in meeting debaters from
Stanford. As representatives of the
University of Hawaii, Coke Woods
and Isamu Sato participated in a
debate tour of the Pacific Coast last
year. Both Woods and Sato have
since transferred to College of the
Pacific where they are continuing
debating activity.
A dinner for the Stanford visitors
wa held in Anderson Hall prior to
the debate.
In a debate with College of the
Pacific last night, three Stanford
men, Franklin Gilchrist, David Mc-
Daniel, and Floyd Benson, spoke
before an audience at Stockton on
the question: "Resolved, that the
present economic crisis constitutes
a major indictment of the capitalis
tic system." Stanford defended the
negative of the proposition.
Two of the speakers for College
of the Pacific had previous experi
(nc« in meeting debaters from
Stanford. As representatives of the
University of Hawaii, Coke Woods
and Isamu Sato participated in a
debate tour of the Pacific Coast last
year. Both Woods and Sato have
since transferred to College of the
Pacific where they are continuing
debating activity.
A dinner for the Stanford visitors
wa held in Anderson Hall prior to
the debate.
In a debate with College of the
Pacific last night, three Stanford
men, Franklin Gilchrist, David Mc-
Daniel, and Floyd Benson, spoke
before an audience at Stockton on
the question: "Resolved, that the
present economic crisis constitutes
a major indictment of the capitalis
tic system." Stanford defended the
negative of the proposition.
Two of the speakers for College
of the Pacific had previous experi
(nc« in meeting debaters from
Stanford. As representatives of the
University of Hawaii, Coke Woods
and Isamu Sato participated in a
debate tour of the Pacific Coast last
year. Both Woods and Sato have
since transferred to College of the
Pacific where they are continuing
debating activity.
A dinner for the Stanford visitors
wa held in Anderson Hall prior to
the debate.
In a debate with College of the
Pacific last night, three Stanford
men, Franklin Gilchrist, David Mc-
Daniel, and Floyd Benson, spoke
before an audience at Stockton on
the question: "Resolved, that the
present economic crisis constitutes
a major indictment of the capitalis
tic system." Stanford defended the
negative of the proposition.
Two of the speakers for College
of the Pacific had previous experi
(nc« in meeting debaters from
Stanford. As representatives of the
University of Hawaii, Coke Woods
and Isamu Sato participated in a
debate tour of the Pacific Coast last
year. Both Woods and Sato have
since transferred to College of the
Pacific where they are continuing
debating activity.
A dinner for the Stanford visitors
wa held in Anderson Hall prior to
the debate.
In a debate with College of the
Pacific last night, three Stanford
men, Franklin Gilchrist, David Mc-
Daniel, and Floyd Benson, spoke
before an audience at Stockton on
the question: "Resolved, that the
present economic crisis constitutes
a major indictment of the capitalis
tic system." Stanford defended the
negative of the proposition.
Two of the speakers for College
of the Pacific had previous experi
(nc« in meeting debaters from
Stanford. As representatives of the
University of Hawaii, Coke Woods
and Isamu Sato participated in a
debate tour of the Pacific Coast last
year. Both Woods and Sato have
since transferred to College of the
Pacific where they are continuing
debating activity.
A dinner for the Stanford visitors
wa held in Anderson Hall prior to
the debate.
In a debate with College of the
Pacific last night, three Stanford
men, Franklin Gilchrist, David Mc-
Daniel, and Floyd Benson, spoke
before an audience at Stockton on
the question: "Resolved, that the
present economic crisis constitutes
a major indictment of the capitalis
tic system." Stanford defended the
negative of the proposition.
Two of the speakers for College
of the Pacific had previous experi
(nc« in meeting debaters from
Stanford. As representatives of the
University of Hawaii, Coke Woods
and Isamu Sato participated in a
debate tour of the Pacific Coast last
year. Both Woods and Sato have
since transferred to College of the
Pacific where they are continuing
debating activity.
A dinner for the Stanford visitors
wa held in Anderson Hall prior to
the debate.
In a debate with College of the
Pacific last night, three Stanford
men, Franklin Gilchrist, David Mc-
Daniel, and Floyd Benson, spoke
before an audience at Stockton on
the question: "Resolved, that the
present economic crisis constitutes
a major indictment of the capitalis
tic system." Stanford defended the
negative of the proposition.
Two of the speakers for College
of the Pacific had previous experi
(nc« in meeting debaters from
Stanford. As representatives of the
University of Hawaii, Coke Woods
and Isamu Sato participated in a
debate tour of the Pacific Coast last
year. Both Woods and Sato have
since transferred to College of the
Pacific where they are continuing
debating activity.
A dinner for the Stanford visitors
wa held in Anderson Hall prior to
the debate.
In a debate with College of the
Pacific last night, three Stanford
men, Franklin Gilchrist, David Mc-
Daniel, and Floyd Benson, spoke
before an audience at Stockton on
the question: "Resolved, that the
present economic crisis constitutes
a major indictment of the capitalis
tic system." Stanford defended the
negative of the proposition.
Two of the speakers for College
of the Pacific had previous experi
(nc« in meeting debaters from
Stanford. As representatives of the
University of Hawaii, Coke Woods
and Isamu Sato participated in a
debate tour of the Pacific Coast last
year. Both Woods and Sato have
since transferred to College of the
Pacific where they are continuing
debating activity.
A dinner for the Stanford visitors
wa held in Anderson Hall prior to
the debate.
In a debate with College of the
Pacific last night, three Stanford
men, Franklin Gilchrist, David Mc-
Daniel, and Floyd Benson, spoke
before an audience at Stockton on
the question: "Resolved, that the
present economic crisis constitutes
a major indictment of the capitalis
tic system." Stanford defended the
negative of the proposition.
Two of the speakers for College
of the Pacific had previous experi
(nc« in meeting debaters from
Stanford. As representatives of the
University of Hawaii, Coke Woods
and Isamu Sato participated in a
debate tour of the Pacific Coast last
year. Both Woods and Sato have
since transferred to College of the
Pacific where they are continuing
debating activity.
A dinner for the Stanford visitors
wa held in Anderson Hall prior to
the debate.
In a debate with College of the
Pacific last night, three Stanford
men, Franklin Gilchrist, David Mc-
Daniel, and Floyd Benson, spoke
before an audience at Stockton on
the question: "Resolved, that the
present economic crisis constitutes
a major indictment of the capitalis
tic system." Stanford defended the
negative of the proposition.
Two of the speakers for College
of the Pacific had previous experi
(nc« in meeting debaters from
Stanford. As representatives of the
University of Hawaii, Coke Woods
and Isamu Sato participated in a
debate tour of the Pacific Coast last
year. Both Woods and Sato have
since transferred to College of the
Pacific where they are continuing
debating activity.
A dinner for the Stanford visitors
wa held in Anderson Hall prior to
the debate.
In a debate with College of the
Pacific last night, three Stanford
men, Franklin Gilchrist, David Mc-
Daniel, and Floyd Benson, spoke
before an audience at Stockton on
the question: "Resolved, that the
present economic crisis constitutes
a major indictment of the capitalis
tic system." Stanford defended the
negative of the proposition.
Two of the speakers for College
of the Pacific had previous experi
(nc« in meeting debaters from
Stanford. As representatives of the
University of Hawaii, Coke Woods
and Isamu Sato participated in a
debate tour of the Pacific Coast last
year. Both Woods and Sato have
since transferred to College of the
Pacific where they are continuing
debating activity.
A dinner for the Stanford visitors
wa held in Anderson Hall prior to
the debate.
In a debate with College of the
Pacific last night, three Stanford
men, Franklin Gilchrist, David Mc-
Daniel, and Floyd Benson, spoke
before an audience at Stockton on
the question: "Resolved, that the
present economic crisis constitutes
a major indictment of the capitalis
tic system." Stanford defended the
negative of the proposition.
Two of the speakers for College
of the Pacific had previous experi
(nc« in meeting debaters from
Stanford. As representatives of the
University of Hawaii, Coke Woods
and Isamu Sato participated in a
debate tour of the Pacific Coast last
year. Both Woods and Sato have
since transferred to College of the
Pacific where they are continuing
debating activity.
A dinner for the Stanford visitors
wa held in Anderson Hall prior to
the debate.
In a debate with College of the
Pacific last night, three Stanford
men, Franklin Gilchrist, David Mc-
Daniel, and Floyd Benson, spoke
before an audience at Stockton on
the question: "Resolved, that the
present economic crisis constitutes
a major indictment of the capitalis
tic system." Stanford defended the
negative of the proposition.
Two of the speakers for College
of the Pacific had previous experi
(nc« in meeting debaters from
Stanford. As representatives of the
University of Hawaii, Coke Woods
and Isamu Sato participated in a
debate tour of the Pacific Coast last
year. Both Woods and Sato have
since transferred to College of the
Pacific where they are continuing
debating activity.
A dinner for the Stanford visitors
wa held in Anderson Hall prior to
the debate.
In a debate with College of the
Pacific last night, three Stanford
men, Franklin Gilchrist, David Mc-
Daniel, and Floyd Benson, spoke
before an audience at Stockton on
the question: "Resolved, that the
present economic crisis constitutes
a major indictment of the capitalis
tic system." Stanford defended the
negative of the proposition.
Two of the speakers for College
of the Pacific had previous experi
(nc« in meeting debaters from
Stanford. As representatives of the
University of Hawaii, Coke Woods
and Isamu Sato participated in a
debate tour of the Pacific Coast last
year. Both Woods and Sato have
since transferred to College of the
Pacific where they are continuing
debating activity.
A dinner for the Stanford visitors
wa held in Anderson Hall prior to
the debate.
In a debate with College of the
Pacific last night, three Stanford
men, Franklin Gilchrist, David Mc-
Daniel, and Floyd Benson, spoke
before an audience at Stockton on
the question: "Resolved, that the
present economic crisis constitutes
a major indictment of the capitalis
tic system." Stanford defended the
negative of the proposition.
Two of the speakers for College
of the Pacific had previous experi
(nc« in meeting debaters from
Stanford. As representatives of the
University of Hawaii, Coke Woods
and Isamu Sato participated in a
debate tour of the Pacific Coast last
year. Both Woods and Sato have
since transferred to College of the
Pacific where they are continuing
debating activity.
A dinner for the Stanford visitors
wa held in Anderson Hall prior to
the debate.
