# Swimmers to Go to Oakland Tomorrow
## 
### 
Varsity swimmers will journey to
Oakland tomorrow where they are
scheduled to meet the Piedmont
Baths swimming team, in the eve
ning. The Cardinal men defeated
Piedmont earlier in the season, but
in their own tank, where the water
is always kept several degrees warm
er, the bay team should furnish real
competition.
Coach Brandsten announces that the
following men will make the trip:
Penniinan, Goldsmith, Greene, Schles
inger, McGaffey, Balbach, Stewart,
Rheer, Rakestraw, Ostrander and Ire
dell. The team will leave Palo Alto
on the 4:35 train tomorrow afternoon.
On Saturday, a meet with the Olym
pic Club team is scheduled in the
home pool.
Greene, '20, the sensational 220 and
410 yard swimmer, was elected cap
tain of the freshmen swimming team
last week.
