# Economics Smoked in Union Thursday
## 
### 
Economic majors are to be enter
tained at a smoker under the auspices
of the Economics Club, at the Stan
ford Union, next Thursday evening at
7:15 p.m. Speeches, snappy music,
and plenty of eats and smokes will be
the features of the event. Professors
Wildman and Miller of the Economics
department are scheduled for short
talks, and other interesting speeches
are being arranged. The Economics
Club are staging this smoker in order
that the students of the department
will have a chance to meet each other
and also to get acquainted with their
professors outside the classroom.
Economic majors are to be enter
tained at a smoker under the auspices
of the Economics Club, at the Stan
ford Union, next Thursday evening at
7:15 p.m. Speeches, snappy music,
and plenty of eats and smokes will be
the features of the event. Professors
Wildman and Miller of the Economics
department are scheduled for short
talks, and other interesting speeches
are being arranged. The Economics
Club are staging this smoker in order
that the students of the department
will have a chance to meet each other
and also to get acquainted with their
professors outside the classroom.
Economic majors are to be enter
tained at a smoker under the auspices
of the Economics Club, at the Stan
ford Union, next Thursday evening at
7:15 p.m. Speeches, snappy music,
and plenty of eats and smokes will be
the features of the event. Professors
Wildman and Miller of the Economics
department are scheduled for short
talks, and other interesting speeches
are being arranged. The Economics
Club are staging this smoker in order
that the students of the department
will have a chance to meet each other
and also to get acquainted with their
professors outside the classroom.
Economic majors are to be enter
tained at a smoker under the auspices
of the Economics Club, at the Stan
ford Union, next Thursday evening at
7:15 p.m. Speeches, snappy music,
and plenty of eats and smokes will be
the features of the event. Professors
Wildman and Miller of the Economics
department are scheduled for short
talks, and other interesting speeches
are being arranged. The Economics
Club are staging this smoker in order
that the students of the department
will have a chance to meet each other
and also to get acquainted with their
professors outside the classroom.
Economic majors are to be enter
tained at a smoker under the auspices
of the Economics Club, at the Stan
ford Union, next Thursday evening at
7:15 p.m. Speeches, snappy music,
and plenty of eats and smokes will be
the features of the event. Professors
Wildman and Miller of the Economics
department are scheduled for short
talks, and other interesting speeches
are being arranged. The Economics
Club are staging this smoker in order
that the students of the department
will have a chance to meet each other
and also to get acquainted with their
professors outside the classroom.
Economic majors are to be enter
tained at a smoker under the auspices
of the Economics Club, at the Stan
ford Union, next Thursday evening at
7:15 p.m. Speeches, snappy music,
and plenty of eats and smokes will be
the features of the event. Professors
Wildman and Miller of the Economics
department are scheduled for short
talks, and other interesting speeches
are being arranged. The Economics
Club are staging this smoker in order
that the students of the department
will have a chance to meet each other
and also to get acquainted with their
professors outside the classroom.
Economic majors are to be enter
tained at a smoker under the auspices
of the Economics Club, at the Stan
ford Union, next Thursday evening at
7:15 p.m. Speeches, snappy music,
and plenty of eats and smokes will be
the features of the event. Professors
Wildman and Miller of the Economics
department are scheduled for short
talks, and other interesting speeches
are being arranged. The Economics
Club are staging this smoker in order
that the students of the department
will have a chance to meet each other
and also to get acquainted with their
professors outside the classroom.
Economic majors are to be enter
tained at a smoker under the auspices
of the Economics Club, at the Stan
ford Union, next Thursday evening at
7:15 p.m. Speeches, snappy music,
and plenty of eats and smokes will be
the features of the event. Professors
Wildman and Miller of the Economics
department are scheduled for short
talks, and other interesting speeches
are being arranged. The Economics
Club are staging this smoker in order
that the students of the department
will have a chance to meet each other
and also to get acquainted with their
professors outside the classroom.
Economic majors are to be enter
tained at a smoker under the auspices
of the Economics Club, at the Stan
ford Union, next Thursday evening at
7:15 p.m. Speeches, snappy music,
and plenty of eats and smokes will be
the features of the event. Professors
Wildman and Miller of the Economics
department are scheduled for short
talks, and other interesting speeches
are being arranged. The Economics
Club are staging this smoker in order
that the students of the department
will have a chance to meet each other
and also to get acquainted with their
professors outside the classroom.
Economic majors are to be enter
tained at a smoker under the auspices
of the Economics Club, at the Stan
ford Union, next Thursday evening at
7:15 p.m. Speeches, snappy music,
and plenty of eats and smokes will be
the features of the event. Professors
Wildman and Miller of the Economics
department are scheduled for short
talks, and other interesting speeches
are being arranged. The Economics
Club are staging this smoker in order
that the students of the department
will have a chance to meet each other
and also to get acquainted with their
professors outside the classroom.
Economic majors are to be enter
tained at a smoker under the auspices
of the Economics Club, at the Stan
ford Union, next Thursday evening at
7:15 p.m. Speeches, snappy music,
and plenty of eats and smokes will be
the features of the event. Professors
Wildman and Miller of the Economics
department are scheduled for short
talks, and other interesting speeches
are being arranged. The Economics
Club are staging this smoker in order
that the students of the department
will have a chance to meet each other
and also to get acquainted with their
professors outside the classroom.
Economic majors are to be enter
tained at a smoker under the auspices
of the Economics Club, at the Stan
ford Union, next Thursday evening at
7:15 p.m. Speeches, snappy music,
and plenty of eats and smokes will be
the features of the event. Professors
Wildman and Miller of the Economics
department are scheduled for short
talks, and other interesting speeches
are being arranged. The Economics
Club are staging this smoker in order
that the students of the department
will have a chance to meet each other
and also to get acquainted with their
professors outside the classroom.
Economic majors are to be enter
tained at a smoker under the auspices
of the Economics Club, at the Stan
ford Union, next Thursday evening at
7:15 p.m. Speeches, snappy music,
and plenty of eats and smokes will be
the features of the event. Professors
Wildman and Miller of the Economics
department are scheduled for short
talks, and other interesting speeches
are being arranged. The Economics
Club are staging this smoker in order
that the students of the department
will have a chance to meet each other
and also to get acquainted with their
professors outside the classroom.
Economic majors are to be enter
tained at a smoker under the auspices
of the Economics Club, at the Stan
ford Union, next Thursday evening at
7:15 p.m. Speeches, snappy music,
and plenty of eats and smokes will be
the features of the event. Professors
Wildman and Miller of the Economics
department are scheduled for short
talks, and other interesting speeches
are being arranged. The Economics
Club are staging this smoker in order
that the students of the department
will have a chance to meet each other
and also to get acquainted with their
professors outside the classroom.
Economic majors are to be enter
tained at a smoker under the auspices
of the Economics Club, at the Stan
ford Union, next Thursday evening at
7:15 p.m. Speeches, snappy music,
and plenty of eats and smokes will be
the features of the event. Professors
Wildman and Miller of the Economics
department are scheduled for short
talks, and other interesting speeches
are being arranged. The Economics
Club are staging this smoker in order
that the students of the department
will have a chance to meet each other
and also to get acquainted with their
professors outside the classroom.
