# Interclass Tennis Play Postponed Indefinitely
## 
### 
By the consent of both parties, the
semi-finals of the interclass tennis
tournament between H. L. Hahn, rep
resenting the seniors, and C. Wolford,
for the juniors, was not played yes
terday afternoon, as scheduled. This
match, which was set for today, has
been indefinitely postponed owing to
the stormy weather.
By the consent of both parties, the
semi-finals of the interclass tennis
tournament between H. L. Hahn, rep
resenting the seniors, and C. Wolford,
for the juniors, was not played yes
terday afternoon, as scheduled. This
match, which was set for today, has
been indefinitely postponed owing to
the stormy weather.
By the consent of both parties, the
semi-finals of the interclass tennis
tournament between H. L. Hahn, rep
resenting the seniors, and C. Wolford,
for the juniors, was not played yes
terday afternoon, as scheduled. This
match, which was set for today, has
been indefinitely postponed owing to
the stormy weather.
By the consent of both parties, the
semi-finals of the interclass tennis
tournament between H. L. Hahn, rep
resenting the seniors, and C. Wolford,
for the juniors, was not played yes
terday afternoon, as scheduled. This
match, which was set for today, has
been indefinitely postponed owing to
the stormy weather.
By the consent of both parties, the
semi-finals of the interclass tennis
tournament between H. L. Hahn, rep
resenting the seniors, and C. Wolford,
for the juniors, was not played yes
terday afternoon, as scheduled. This
match, which was set for today, has
been indefinitely postponed owing to
the stormy weather.
By the consent of both parties, the
semi-finals of the interclass tennis
tournament between H. L. Hahn, rep
resenting the seniors, and C. Wolford,
for the juniors, was not played yes
terday afternoon, as scheduled. This
match, which was set for today, has
been indefinitely postponed owing to
the stormy weather.
By the consent of both parties, the
semi-finals of the interclass tennis
tournament between H. L. Hahn, rep
resenting the seniors, and C. Wolford,
for the juniors, was not played yes
terday afternoon, as scheduled. This
match, which was set for today, has
been indefinitely postponed owing to
the stormy weather.
By the consent of both parties, the
semi-finals of the interclass tennis
tournament between H. L. Hahn, rep
resenting the seniors, and C. Wolford,
for the juniors, was not played yes
terday afternoon, as scheduled. This
match, which was set for today, has
been indefinitely postponed owing to
the stormy weather.
By the consent of both parties, the
semi-finals of the interclass tennis
tournament between H. L. Hahn, rep
resenting the seniors, and C. Wolford,
for the juniors, was not played yes
terday afternoon, as scheduled. This
match, which was set for today, has
been indefinitely postponed owing to
the stormy weather.
By the consent of both parties, the
semi-finals of the interclass tennis
tournament between H. L. Hahn, rep
resenting the seniors, and C. Wolford,
for the juniors, was not played yes
terday afternoon, as scheduled. This
match, which was set for today, has
been indefinitely postponed owing to
the stormy weather.
By the consent of both parties, the
semi-finals of the interclass tennis
tournament between H. L. Hahn, rep
resenting the seniors, and C. Wolford,
for the juniors, was not played yes
terday afternoon, as scheduled. This
match, which was set for today, has
been indefinitely postponed owing to
the stormy weather.
By the consent of both parties, the
semi-finals of the interclass tennis
tournament between H. L. Hahn, rep
resenting the seniors, and C. Wolford,
for the juniors, was not played yes
terday afternoon, as scheduled. This
match, which was set for today, has
been indefinitely postponed owing to
the stormy weather.
By the consent of both parties, the
semi-finals of the interclass tennis
tournament between H. L. Hahn, rep
resenting the seniors, and C. Wolford,
for the juniors, was not played yes
terday afternoon, as scheduled. This
match, which was set for today, has
been indefinitely postponed owing to
the stormy weather.
By the consent of both parties, the
semi-finals of the interclass tennis
tournament between H. L. Hahn, rep
resenting the seniors, and C. Wolford,
for the juniors, was not played yes
terday afternoon, as scheduled. This
match, which was set for today, has
been indefinitely postponed owing to
the stormy weather.
By the consent of both parties, the
semi-finals of the interclass tennis
tournament between H. L. Hahn, rep
resenting the seniors, and C. Wolford,
for the juniors, was not played yes
terday afternoon, as scheduled. This
match, which was set for today, has
been indefinitely postponed owing to
the stormy weather.
