# Russians, Czechs Sign Treaty for Mutual Aid
## 
### 
MOSCOW (UP) — Russia and
Czechoslovakia signed a treaty of
mutual assistance, covering the war
and post-war periods, a treaty which
was expected to be the first of a
series designed by the Allied Bis
Three to provide a post-war security
system for Europe.
It was understood that the treaty
was of 20 years duration, similar to
the Russian-British treaty, and that
it called for mutual assistance during
and after the war.
MOSCOW (UP) — Russia and
Czechoslovakia signed a treaty of
mutual assistance, covering the war
and post-war periods, a treaty which
was expected to be the first of a
series designed by the Allied Bis
Three to provide a post-war security
system for Europe.
It was understood that the treaty
was of 20 years duration, similar to
the Russian-British treaty, and that
it called for mutual assistance during
and after the war.
MOSCOW (UP) — Russia and
Czechoslovakia signed a treaty of
mutual assistance, covering the war
and post-war periods, a treaty which
was expected to be the first of a
series designed by the Allied Bis
Three to provide a post-war security
system for Europe.
It was understood that the treaty
was of 20 years duration, similar to
the Russian-British treaty, and that
it called for mutual assistance during
and after the war.
MOSCOW (UP) — Russia and
Czechoslovakia signed a treaty of
mutual assistance, covering the war
and post-war periods, a treaty which
was expected to be the first of a
series designed by the Allied Bis
Three to provide a post-war security
system for Europe.
It was understood that the treaty
was of 20 years duration, similar to
the Russian-British treaty, and that
it called for mutual assistance during
and after the war.
MOSCOW (UP) — Russia and
Czechoslovakia signed a treaty of
mutual assistance, covering the war
and post-war periods, a treaty which
was expected to be the first of a
series designed by the Allied Bis
Three to provide a post-war security
system for Europe.
It was understood that the treaty
was of 20 years duration, similar to
the Russian-British treaty, and that
it called for mutual assistance during
and after the war.
MOSCOW (UP) — Russia and
Czechoslovakia signed a treaty of
mutual assistance, covering the war
and post-war periods, a treaty which
was expected to be the first of a
series designed by the Allied Bis
Three to provide a post-war security
system for Europe.
It was understood that the treaty
was of 20 years duration, similar to
the Russian-British treaty, and that
it called for mutual assistance during
and after the war.
MOSCOW (UP) — Russia and
Czechoslovakia signed a treaty of
mutual assistance, covering the war
and post-war periods, a treaty which
was expected to be the first of a
series designed by the Allied Bis
Three to provide a post-war security
system for Europe.
It was understood that the treaty
was of 20 years duration, similar to
the Russian-British treaty, and that
it called for mutual assistance during
and after the war.
MOSCOW (UP) — Russia and
Czechoslovakia signed a treaty of
mutual assistance, covering the war
and post-war periods, a treaty which
was expected to be the first of a
series designed by the Allied Bis
Three to provide a post-war security
system for Europe.
It was understood that the treaty
was of 20 years duration, similar to
the Russian-British treaty, and that
it called for mutual assistance during
and after the war.
MOSCOW (UP) — Russia and
Czechoslovakia signed a treaty of
mutual assistance, covering the war
and post-war periods, a treaty which
was expected to be the first of a
series designed by the Allied Bis
Three to provide a post-war security
system for Europe.
It was understood that the treaty
was of 20 years duration, similar to
the Russian-British treaty, and that
it called for mutual assistance during
and after the war.
MOSCOW (UP) — Russia and
Czechoslovakia signed a treaty of
mutual assistance, covering the war
and post-war periods, a treaty which
was expected to be the first of a
series designed by the Allied Bis
Three to provide a post-war security
system for Europe.
It was understood that the treaty
was of 20 years duration, similar to
the Russian-British treaty, and that
it called for mutual assistance during
and after the war.
MOSCOW (UP) — Russia and
Czechoslovakia signed a treaty of
mutual assistance, covering the war
and post-war periods, a treaty which
was expected to be the first of a
series designed by the Allied Bis
Three to provide a post-war security
system for Europe.
It was understood that the treaty
was of 20 years duration, similar to
the Russian-British treaty, and that
it called for mutual assistance during
and after the war.
MOSCOW (UP) — Russia and
Czechoslovakia signed a treaty of
mutual assistance, covering the war
and post-war periods, a treaty which
was expected to be the first of a
series designed by the Allied Bis
Three to provide a post-war security
system for Europe.
It was understood that the treaty
was of 20 years duration, similar to
the Russian-British treaty, and that
it called for mutual assistance during
and after the war.
MOSCOW (UP) — Russia and
Czechoslovakia signed a treaty of
mutual assistance, covering the war
and post-war periods, a treaty which
was expected to be the first of a
series designed by the Allied Bis
Three to provide a post-war security
system for Europe.
It was understood that the treaty
was of 20 years duration, similar to
the Russian-British treaty, and that
it called for mutual assistance during
and after the war.
MOSCOW (UP) — Russia and
Czechoslovakia signed a treaty of
mutual assistance, covering the war
and post-war periods, a treaty which
was expected to be the first of a
series designed by the Allied Bis
Three to provide a post-war security
system for Europe.
It was understood that the treaty
was of 20 years duration, similar to
the Russian-British treaty, and that
it called for mutual assistance during
and after the war.
MOSCOW (UP) — Russia and
Czechoslovakia signed a treaty of
mutual assistance, covering the war
and post-war periods, a treaty which
was expected to be the first of a
series designed by the Allied Bis
Three to provide a post-war security
system for Europe.
It was understood that the treaty
was of 20 years duration, similar to
the Russian-British treaty, and that
it called for mutual assistance during
and after the war.
MOSCOW (UP) — Russia and
Czechoslovakia signed a treaty of
mutual assistance, covering the war
and post-war periods, a treaty which
was expected to be the first of a
series designed by the Allied Bis
Three to provide a post-war security
system for Europe.
It was understood that the treaty
was of 20 years duration, similar to
the Russian-British treaty, and that
it called for mutual assistance during
and after the war.
MOSCOW (UP) — Russia and
Czechoslovakia signed a treaty of
mutual assistance, covering the war
and post-war periods, a treaty which
was expected to be the first of a
series designed by the Allied Bis
Three to provide a post-war security
system for Europe.
It was understood that the treaty
was of 20 years duration, similar to
the Russian-British treaty, and that
it called for mutual assistance during
and after the war.
