# Service in Chapel To Honor Seniors
## 
### 
For the first time in Stanford his
tory, there will be a Christmas bac
calaureate held in Memorial Chapel.
The service is scheduled for 11 Sun
day morning and has been granted to
the students by Dr. Donald B. Tres
idder at the request of seniors grad
uating this quarter.
All graduate seniors will sit in the
middle of the nave. Dr. Tresidder
will deliver a short message, and Dr.
D. Elton Trueblood will give the
chief address on "Things That Are
Before Us."
Dr. Trueblood explained that there
is an unusually large number of
seniors graduating this quarter who,
by June, will be spread all over the
world. For this reason, the Univer
sity decided to grant the request
asking for an autumn baccalaureate.
