# Series To Present Talk on Far East
## 
### 
Miss Vanya Oakes, newspaper and
press association correspondent who
has traveled 50,000 miles in the
Orient, will speak on "The Far East
and the Future" on the Tuesday
Evening Series tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Memorial Audi
torium.
The lecture, last of the series pre
sented by the Public Exercises Com
mittee, is open to the public and
there is no admission charge. Miss
Oakes will be introduced by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees of the Depart
ment of English.
In Shanghai when the war began
Miss Oakes went with the Chinese
government on its migration to the
interior, and returned to the United
States shortly after Pearl Harbor.
Miss Vanya Oakes, newspaper and
press association correspondent who
has traveled 50,000 miles in the
Orient, will speak on "The Far East
and the Future" on the Tuesday
Evening Series tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Memorial Audi
torium.
The lecture, last of the series pre
sented by the Public Exercises Com
mittee, is open to the public and
there is no admission charge. Miss
Oakes will be introduced by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees of the Depart
ment of English.
In Shanghai when the war began
Miss Oakes went with the Chinese
government on its migration to the
interior, and returned to the United
States shortly after Pearl Harbor.
Miss Vanya Oakes, newspaper and
press association correspondent who
has traveled 50,000 miles in the
Orient, will speak on "The Far East
and the Future" on the Tuesday
Evening Series tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Memorial Audi
torium.
The lecture, last of the series pre
sented by the Public Exercises Com
mittee, is open to the public and
there is no admission charge. Miss
Oakes will be introduced by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees of the Depart
ment of English.
In Shanghai when the war began
Miss Oakes went with the Chinese
government on its migration to the
interior, and returned to the United
States shortly after Pearl Harbor.
Miss Vanya Oakes, newspaper and
press association correspondent who
has traveled 50,000 miles in the
Orient, will speak on "The Far East
and the Future" on the Tuesday
Evening Series tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Memorial Audi
torium.
The lecture, last of the series pre
sented by the Public Exercises Com
mittee, is open to the public and
there is no admission charge. Miss
Oakes will be introduced by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees of the Depart
ment of English.
In Shanghai when the war began
Miss Oakes went with the Chinese
government on its migration to the
interior, and returned to the United
States shortly after Pearl Harbor.
Miss Vanya Oakes, newspaper and
press association correspondent who
has traveled 50,000 miles in the
Orient, will speak on "The Far East
and the Future" on the Tuesday
Evening Series tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Memorial Audi
torium.
The lecture, last of the series pre
sented by the Public Exercises Com
mittee, is open to the public and
there is no admission charge. Miss
Oakes will be introduced by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees of the Depart
ment of English.
In Shanghai when the war began
Miss Oakes went with the Chinese
government on its migration to the
interior, and returned to the United
States shortly after Pearl Harbor.
Miss Vanya Oakes, newspaper and
press association correspondent who
has traveled 50,000 miles in the
Orient, will speak on "The Far East
and the Future" on the Tuesday
Evening Series tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Memorial Audi
torium.
The lecture, last of the series pre
sented by the Public Exercises Com
mittee, is open to the public and
there is no admission charge. Miss
Oakes will be introduced by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees of the Depart
ment of English.
In Shanghai when the war began
Miss Oakes went with the Chinese
government on its migration to the
interior, and returned to the United
States shortly after Pearl Harbor.
Miss Vanya Oakes, newspaper and
press association correspondent who
has traveled 50,000 miles in the
Orient, will speak on "The Far East
and the Future" on the Tuesday
Evening Series tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Memorial Audi
torium.
The lecture, last of the series pre
sented by the Public Exercises Com
mittee, is open to the public and
there is no admission charge. Miss
Oakes will be introduced by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees of the Depart
ment of English.
In Shanghai when the war began
Miss Oakes went with the Chinese
government on its migration to the
interior, and returned to the United
States shortly after Pearl Harbor.
Miss Vanya Oakes, newspaper and
press association correspondent who
has traveled 50,000 miles in the
Orient, will speak on "The Far East
and the Future" on the Tuesday
Evening Series tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Memorial Audi
torium.
The lecture, last of the series pre
sented by the Public Exercises Com
mittee, is open to the public and
there is no admission charge. Miss
Oakes will be introduced by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees of the Depart
ment of English.
In Shanghai when the war began
Miss Oakes went with the Chinese
government on its migration to the
interior, and returned to the United
States shortly after Pearl Harbor.
Miss Vanya Oakes, newspaper and
press association correspondent who
has traveled 50,000 miles in the
Orient, will speak on "The Far East
and the Future" on the Tuesday
Evening Series tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Memorial Audi
torium.
The lecture, last of the series pre
sented by the Public Exercises Com
mittee, is open to the public and
there is no admission charge. Miss
Oakes will be introduced by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees of the Depart
ment of English.
In Shanghai when the war began
Miss Oakes went with the Chinese
government on its migration to the
interior, and returned to the United
States shortly after Pearl Harbor.
Miss Vanya Oakes, newspaper and
press association correspondent who
has traveled 50,000 miles in the
Orient, will speak on "The Far East
and the Future" on the Tuesday
Evening Series tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Memorial Audi
torium.
The lecture, last of the series pre
sented by the Public Exercises Com
mittee, is open to the public and
there is no admission charge. Miss
Oakes will be introduced by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees of the Depart
ment of English.
In Shanghai when the war began
Miss Oakes went with the Chinese
government on its migration to the
interior, and returned to the United
States shortly after Pearl Harbor.
Miss Vanya Oakes, newspaper and
press association correspondent who
has traveled 50,000 miles in the
Orient, will speak on "The Far East
and the Future" on the Tuesday
Evening Series tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Memorial Audi
torium.
The lecture, last of the series pre
sented by the Public Exercises Com
mittee, is open to the public and
there is no admission charge. Miss
Oakes will be introduced by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees of the Depart
ment of English.
In Shanghai when the war began
Miss Oakes went with the Chinese
government on its migration to the
interior, and returned to the United
States shortly after Pearl Harbor.
Miss Vanya Oakes, newspaper and
press association correspondent who
has traveled 50,000 miles in the
Orient, will speak on "The Far East
and the Future" on the Tuesday
Evening Series tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Memorial Audi
torium.
The lecture, last of the series pre
sented by the Public Exercises Com
mittee, is open to the public and
there is no admission charge. Miss
Oakes will be introduced by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees of the Depart
ment of English.
In Shanghai when the war began
Miss Oakes went with the Chinese
government on its migration to the
interior, and returned to the United
States shortly after Pearl Harbor.
Miss Vanya Oakes, newspaper and
press association correspondent who
has traveled 50,000 miles in the
Orient, will speak on "The Far East
and the Future" on the Tuesday
Evening Series tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Memorial Audi
torium.
The lecture, last of the series pre
sented by the Public Exercises Com
mittee, is open to the public and
there is no admission charge. Miss
Oakes will be introduced by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees of the Depart
ment of English.
In Shanghai when the war began
Miss Oakes went with the Chinese
government on its migration to the
interior, and returned to the United
States shortly after Pearl Harbor.
Miss Vanya Oakes, newspaper and
press association correspondent who
has traveled 50,000 miles in the
Orient, will speak on "The Far East
and the Future" on the Tuesday
Evening Series tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Memorial Audi
torium.
The lecture, last of the series pre
sented by the Public Exercises Com
mittee, is open to the public and
there is no admission charge. Miss
Oakes will be introduced by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees of the Depart
ment of English.
In Shanghai when the war began
Miss Oakes went with the Chinese
government on its migration to the
interior, and returned to the United
States shortly after Pearl Harbor.
Miss Vanya Oakes, newspaper and
press association correspondent who
has traveled 50,000 miles in the
Orient, will speak on "The Far East
and the Future" on the Tuesday
Evening Series tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Memorial Audi
torium.
The lecture, last of the series pre
sented by the Public Exercises Com
mittee, is open to the public and
there is no admission charge. Miss
Oakes will be introduced by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees of the Depart
ment of English.
In Shanghai when the war began
Miss Oakes went with the Chinese
government on its migration to the
interior, and returned to the United
States shortly after Pearl Harbor.
Miss Vanya Oakes, newspaper and
press association correspondent who
has traveled 50,000 miles in the
Orient, will speak on "The Far East
and the Future" on the Tuesday
Evening Series tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Memorial Audi
torium.
The lecture, last of the series pre
sented by the Public Exercises Com
mittee, is open to the public and
there is no admission charge. Miss
Oakes will be introduced by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees of the Depart
ment of English.
In Shanghai when the war began
Miss Oakes went with the Chinese
government on its migration to the
interior, and returned to the United
States shortly after Pearl Harbor.
Miss Vanya Oakes, newspaper and
press association correspondent who
has traveled 50,000 miles in the
Orient, will speak on "The Far East
and the Future" on the Tuesday
Evening Series tomorrow night at
7:30 o'clock in the Memorial Audi
torium.
The lecture, last of the series pre
sented by the Public Exercises Com
mittee, is open to the public and
there is no admission charge. Miss
Oakes will be introduced by Miss
Edith R. Mirrielees of the Depart
ment of English.
In Shanghai when the war began
Miss Oakes went with the Chinese
government on its migration to the
interior, and returned to the United
States shortly after Pearl Harbor.
