# Pi Lambda Theta To Hold Initiation
## 
### 
Upsilon Chapter of Pi Lambda
Theta will hold an initiation cere
mony today in the Social Hall of the
Cubberley Education Building, an
nounces Ruth A. Talboy, president.
Miss Helen Olson, national corre
sponding secretary of the organiza
tion, will give a talk at the evening
meeting on ''Pi Lambda Thetans in
Wartime." The ceremony will be
followed by a buffet supper, which
is in charge of the following social
committee: Mrs. John Almack, Mar
garet Briggs, and Elizabeth Gurini
sky.
The initiates are: Mr. Wilda Carter
Mette, Beverly M. Duncan, Martha-
Lee Myers, Mercedes Erro, Mr. Eu
genia Loder, Martha Yoder, Mary
De Friest, Marilyn Nash, Patricia
Cashel, Gertrude Moore, Bernice
Linder, Frances Ellen Stong, Diane
Thoreau, Carmelita Fitzgerald, and
Mary Louise Riggins. Charter mem
bers have received special invita
tions.
Upsilon Chapter of Pi Lambda
Theta will hold an initiation cere
mony today in the Social Hall of the
Cubberley Education Building, an
nounces Ruth A. Talboy, president.
Miss Helen Olson, national corre
sponding secretary of the organiza
tion, will give a talk at the evening
meeting on ''Pi Lambda Thetans in
Wartime." The ceremony will be
followed by a buffet supper, which
is in charge of the following social
committee: Mrs. John Almack, Mar
garet Briggs, and Elizabeth Gurini
sky.
The initiates are: Mr. Wilda Carter
Mette, Beverly M. Duncan, Martha-
Lee Myers, Mercedes Erro, Mr. Eu
genia Loder, Martha Yoder, Mary
De Friest, Marilyn Nash, Patricia
Cashel, Gertrude Moore, Bernice
Linder, Frances Ellen Stong, Diane
Thoreau, Carmelita Fitzgerald, and
Mary Louise Riggins. Charter mem
bers have received special invita
tions.
Upsilon Chapter of Pi Lambda
Theta will hold an initiation cere
mony today in the Social Hall of the
Cubberley Education Building, an
nounces Ruth A. Talboy, president.
Miss Helen Olson, national corre
sponding secretary of the organiza
tion, will give a talk at the evening
meeting on ''Pi Lambda Thetans in
Wartime." The ceremony will be
followed by a buffet supper, which
is in charge of the following social
committee: Mrs. John Almack, Mar
garet Briggs, and Elizabeth Gurini
sky.
The initiates are: Mr. Wilda Carter
Mette, Beverly M. Duncan, Martha-
Lee Myers, Mercedes Erro, Mr. Eu
genia Loder, Martha Yoder, Mary
De Friest, Marilyn Nash, Patricia
Cashel, Gertrude Moore, Bernice
Linder, Frances Ellen Stong, Diane
Thoreau, Carmelita Fitzgerald, and
Mary Louise Riggins. Charter mem
bers have received special invita
tions.
Upsilon Chapter of Pi Lambda
Theta will hold an initiation cere
mony today in the Social Hall of the
Cubberley Education Building, an
nounces Ruth A. Talboy, president.
Miss Helen Olson, national corre
sponding secretary of the organiza
tion, will give a talk at the evening
meeting on ''Pi Lambda Thetans in
Wartime." The ceremony will be
followed by a buffet supper, which
is in charge of the following social
committee: Mrs. John Almack, Mar
garet Briggs, and Elizabeth Gurini
sky.
The initiates are: Mr. Wilda Carter
Mette, Beverly M. Duncan, Martha-
Lee Myers, Mercedes Erro, Mr. Eu
genia Loder, Martha Yoder, Mary
De Friest, Marilyn Nash, Patricia
Cashel, Gertrude Moore, Bernice
Linder, Frances Ellen Stong, Diane
Thoreau, Carmelita Fitzgerald, and
Mary Louise Riggins. Charter mem
bers have received special invita
tions.
Upsilon Chapter of Pi Lambda
Theta will hold an initiation cere
mony today in the Social Hall of the
Cubberley Education Building, an
nounces Ruth A. Talboy, president.
Miss Helen Olson, national corre
sponding secretary of the organiza
tion, will give a talk at the evening
meeting on ''Pi Lambda Thetans in
Wartime." The ceremony will be
followed by a buffet supper, which
is in charge of the following social
committee: Mrs. John Almack, Mar
garet Briggs, and Elizabeth Gurini
sky.
The initiates are: Mr. Wilda Carter
Mette, Beverly M. Duncan, Martha-
Lee Myers, Mercedes Erro, Mr. Eu
genia Loder, Martha Yoder, Mary
De Friest, Marilyn Nash, Patricia
Cashel, Gertrude Moore, Bernice
Linder, Frances Ellen Stong, Diane
Thoreau, Carmelita Fitzgerald, and
Mary Louise Riggins. Charter mem
bers have received special invita
tions.
Upsilon Chapter of Pi Lambda
Theta will hold an initiation cere
mony today in the Social Hall of the
Cubberley Education Building, an
nounces Ruth A. Talboy, president.
Miss Helen Olson, national corre
sponding secretary of the organiza
tion, will give a talk at the evening
meeting on ''Pi Lambda Thetans in
Wartime." The ceremony will be
followed by a buffet supper, which
is in charge of the following social
committee: Mrs. John Almack, Mar
garet Briggs, and Elizabeth Gurini
sky.
The initiates are: Mr. Wilda Carter
Mette, Beverly M. Duncan, Martha-
Lee Myers, Mercedes Erro, Mr. Eu
genia Loder, Martha Yoder, Mary
De Friest, Marilyn Nash, Patricia
Cashel, Gertrude Moore, Bernice
Linder, Frances Ellen Stong, Diane
Thoreau, Carmelita Fitzgerald, and
Mary Louise Riggins. Charter mem
bers have received special invita
tions.
Upsilon Chapter of Pi Lambda
Theta will hold an initiation cere
mony today in the Social Hall of the
Cubberley Education Building, an
nounces Ruth A. Talboy, president.
Miss Helen Olson, national corre
sponding secretary of the organiza
tion, will give a talk at the evening
meeting on ''Pi Lambda Thetans in
Wartime." The ceremony will be
followed by a buffet supper, which
is in charge of the following social
committee: Mrs. John Almack, Mar
garet Briggs, and Elizabeth Gurini
sky.
The initiates are: Mr. Wilda Carter
Mette, Beverly M. Duncan, Martha-
Lee Myers, Mercedes Erro, Mr. Eu
genia Loder, Martha Yoder, Mary
De Friest, Marilyn Nash, Patricia
Cashel, Gertrude Moore, Bernice
Linder, Frances Ellen Stong, Diane
Thoreau, Carmelita Fitzgerald, and
Mary Louise Riggins. Charter mem
bers have received special invita
tions.
Upsilon Chapter of Pi Lambda
Theta will hold an initiation cere
mony today in the Social Hall of the
Cubberley Education Building, an
nounces Ruth A. Talboy, president.
Miss Helen Olson, national corre
sponding secretary of the organiza
tion, will give a talk at the evening
meeting on ''Pi Lambda Thetans in
Wartime." The ceremony will be
followed by a buffet supper, which
is in charge of the following social
committee: Mrs. John Almack, Mar
garet Briggs, and Elizabeth Gurini
sky.
The initiates are: Mr. Wilda Carter
Mette, Beverly M. Duncan, Martha-
Lee Myers, Mercedes Erro, Mr. Eu
genia Loder, Martha Yoder, Mary
De Friest, Marilyn Nash, Patricia
Cashel, Gertrude Moore, Bernice
Linder, Frances Ellen Stong, Diane
Thoreau, Carmelita Fitzgerald, and
Mary Louise Riggins. Charter mem
bers have received special invita
tions.
Upsilon Chapter of Pi Lambda
Theta will hold an initiation cere
mony today in the Social Hall of the
Cubberley Education Building, an
nounces Ruth A. Talboy, president.
Miss Helen Olson, national corre
sponding secretary of the organiza
tion, will give a talk at the evening
meeting on ''Pi Lambda Thetans in
Wartime." The ceremony will be
followed by a buffet supper, which
is in charge of the following social
committee: Mrs. John Almack, Mar
garet Briggs, and Elizabeth Gurini
sky.
The initiates are: Mr. Wilda Carter
Mette, Beverly M. Duncan, Martha-
Lee Myers, Mercedes Erro, Mr. Eu
genia Loder, Martha Yoder, Mary
De Friest, Marilyn Nash, Patricia
Cashel, Gertrude Moore, Bernice
Linder, Frances Ellen Stong, Diane
Thoreau, Carmelita Fitzgerald, and
Mary Louise Riggins. Charter mem
bers have received special invita
tions.
Upsilon Chapter of Pi Lambda
Theta will hold an initiation cere
mony today in the Social Hall of the
Cubberley Education Building, an
nounces Ruth A. Talboy, president.
Miss Helen Olson, national corre
sponding secretary of the organiza
tion, will give a talk at the evening
meeting on ''Pi Lambda Thetans in
Wartime." The ceremony will be
followed by a buffet supper, which
is in charge of the following social
committee: Mrs. John Almack, Mar
garet Briggs, and Elizabeth Gurini
sky.
The initiates are: Mr. Wilda Carter
Mette, Beverly M. Duncan, Martha-
Lee Myers, Mercedes Erro, Mr. Eu
genia Loder, Martha Yoder, Mary
De Friest, Marilyn Nash, Patricia
Cashel, Gertrude Moore, Bernice
Linder, Frances Ellen Stong, Diane
Thoreau, Carmelita Fitzgerald, and
Mary Louise Riggins. Charter mem
bers have received special invita
tions.
Upsilon Chapter of Pi Lambda
Theta will hold an initiation cere
mony today in the Social Hall of the
Cubberley Education Building, an
nounces Ruth A. Talboy, president.
Miss Helen Olson, national corre
sponding secretary of the organiza
tion, will give a talk at the evening
meeting on ''Pi Lambda Thetans in
Wartime." The ceremony will be
followed by a buffet supper, which
is in charge of the following social
committee: Mrs. John Almack, Mar
garet Briggs, and Elizabeth Gurini
sky.
The initiates are: Mr. Wilda Carter
Mette, Beverly M. Duncan, Martha-
Lee Myers, Mercedes Erro, Mr. Eu
genia Loder, Martha Yoder, Mary
De Friest, Marilyn Nash, Patricia
Cashel, Gertrude Moore, Bernice
Linder, Frances Ellen Stong, Diane
Thoreau, Carmelita Fitzgerald, and
Mary Louise Riggins. Charter mem
bers have received special invita
tions.
Upsilon Chapter of Pi Lambda
Theta will hold an initiation cere
mony today in the Social Hall of the
Cubberley Education Building, an
nounces Ruth A. Talboy, president.
Miss Helen Olson, national corre
sponding secretary of the organiza
tion, will give a talk at the evening
meeting on ''Pi Lambda Thetans in
Wartime." The ceremony will be
followed by a buffet supper, which
is in charge of the following social
committee: Mrs. John Almack, Mar
garet Briggs, and Elizabeth Gurini
sky.
The initiates are: Mr. Wilda Carter
Mette, Beverly M. Duncan, Martha-
Lee Myers, Mercedes Erro, Mr. Eu
genia Loder, Martha Yoder, Mary
De Friest, Marilyn Nash, Patricia
Cashel, Gertrude Moore, Bernice
Linder, Frances Ellen Stong, Diane
Thoreau, Carmelita Fitzgerald, and
Mary Louise Riggins. Charter mem
bers have received special invita
tions.
Upsilon Chapter of Pi Lambda
Theta will hold an initiation cere
mony today in the Social Hall of the
Cubberley Education Building, an
nounces Ruth A. Talboy, president.
Miss Helen Olson, national corre
sponding secretary of the organiza
tion, will give a talk at the evening
meeting on ''Pi Lambda Thetans in
Wartime." The ceremony will be
followed by a buffet supper, which
is in charge of the following social
committee: Mrs. John Almack, Mar
garet Briggs, and Elizabeth Gurini
sky.
The initiates are: Mr. Wilda Carter
Mette, Beverly M. Duncan, Martha-
Lee Myers, Mercedes Erro, Mr. Eu
genia Loder, Martha Yoder, Mary
De Friest, Marilyn Nash, Patricia
Cashel, Gertrude Moore, Bernice
Linder, Frances Ellen Stong, Diane
Thoreau, Carmelita Fitzgerald, and
Mary Louise Riggins. Charter mem
bers have received special invita
tions.
Upsilon Chapter of Pi Lambda
Theta will hold an initiation cere
mony today in the Social Hall of the
Cubberley Education Building, an
nounces Ruth A. Talboy, president.
Miss Helen Olson, national corre
sponding secretary of the organiza
tion, will give a talk at the evening
meeting on ''Pi Lambda Thetans in
Wartime." The ceremony will be
followed by a buffet supper, which
is in charge of the following social
committee: Mrs. John Almack, Mar
garet Briggs, and Elizabeth Gurini
sky.
The initiates are: Mr. Wilda Carter
Mette, Beverly M. Duncan, Martha-
Lee Myers, Mercedes Erro, Mr. Eu
genia Loder, Martha Yoder, Mary
De Friest, Marilyn Nash, Patricia
Cashel, Gertrude Moore, Bernice
Linder, Frances Ellen Stong, Diane
Thoreau, Carmelita Fitzgerald, and
Mary Louise Riggins. Charter mem
bers have received special invita
tions.
Upsilon Chapter of Pi Lambda
Theta will hold an initiation cere
mony today in the Social Hall of the
Cubberley Education Building, an
nounces Ruth A. Talboy, president.
Miss Helen Olson, national corre
sponding secretary of the organiza
tion, will give a talk at the evening
meeting on ''Pi Lambda Thetans in
Wartime." The ceremony will be
followed by a buffet supper, which
is in charge of the following social
committee: Mrs. John Almack, Mar
garet Briggs, and Elizabeth Gurini
sky.
The initiates are: Mr. Wilda Carter
Mette, Beverly M. Duncan, Martha-
Lee Myers, Mercedes Erro, Mr. Eu
genia Loder, Martha Yoder, Mary
De Friest, Marilyn Nash, Patricia
Cashel, Gertrude Moore, Bernice
Linder, Frances Ellen Stong, Diane
Thoreau, Carmelita Fitzgerald, and
Mary Louise Riggins. Charter mem
bers have received special invita
tions.
Upsilon Chapter of Pi Lambda
Theta will hold an initiation cere
mony today in the Social Hall of the
Cubberley Education Building, an
nounces Ruth A. Talboy, president.
Miss Helen Olson, national corre
sponding secretary of the organiza
tion, will give a talk at the evening
meeting on ''Pi Lambda Thetans in
Wartime." The ceremony will be
followed by a buffet supper, which
is in charge of the following social
committee: Mrs. John Almack, Mar
garet Briggs, and Elizabeth Gurini
sky.
The initiates are: Mr. Wilda Carter
Mette, Beverly M. Duncan, Martha-
Lee Myers, Mercedes Erro, Mr. Eu
genia Loder, Martha Yoder, Mary
De Friest, Marilyn Nash, Patricia
Cashel, Gertrude Moore, Bernice
Linder, Frances Ellen Stong, Diane
Thoreau, Carmelita Fitzgerald, and
Mary Louise Riggins. Charter mem
bers have received special invita
tions.
Upsilon Chapter of Pi Lambda
Theta will hold an initiation cere
mony today in the Social Hall of the
Cubberley Education Building, an
nounces Ruth A. Talboy, president.
Miss Helen Olson, national corre
sponding secretary of the organiza
tion, will give a talk at the evening
meeting on ''Pi Lambda Thetans in
Wartime." The ceremony will be
followed by a buffet supper, which
is in charge of the following social
committee: Mrs. John Almack, Mar
garet Briggs, and Elizabeth Gurini
sky.
The initiates are: Mr. Wilda Carter
Mette, Beverly M. Duncan, Martha-
Lee Myers, Mercedes Erro, Mr. Eu
genia Loder, Martha Yoder, Mary
De Friest, Marilyn Nash, Patricia
Cashel, Gertrude Moore, Bernice
Linder, Frances Ellen Stong, Diane
Thoreau, Carmelita Fitzgerald, and
Mary Louise Riggins. Charter mem
bers have received special invita
tions.
