# ASSU SCHOLARS
## Rides Needed From N.Y. City 
### 
Transportation from New York to
Stanford is needed for five or six
ASSU scholars this fall, John
Sprague, co-chairman of the For
eign Scholarship Committee, an
nounced recently.
Students who will be driving back
to Stanford in time for pre - reg
week, beginning Sept. 21, or stu
dents who know someone who will
be driving back around that time
are asked to leave a note for
Sprague at the ASSU office.
Transportation from New York to
Stanford is needed for five or six
ASSU scholars this fall, John
Sprague, co-chairman of the For
eign Scholarship Committee, an
nounced recently.
Students who will be driving back
to Stanford in time for pre - reg
week, beginning Sept. 21, or stu
dents who know someone who will
be driving back around that time
are asked to leave a note for
Sprague at the ASSU office.
Transportation from New York to
Stanford is needed for five or six
ASSU scholars this fall, John
Sprague, co-chairman of the For
eign Scholarship Committee, an
nounced recently.
Students who will be driving back
to Stanford in time for pre - reg
week, beginning Sept. 21, or stu
dents who know someone who will
be driving back around that time
are asked to leave a note for
Sprague at the ASSU office.
Transportation from New York to
Stanford is needed for five or six
ASSU scholars this fall, John
Sprague, co-chairman of the For
eign Scholarship Committee, an
nounced recently.
Students who will be driving back
to Stanford in time for pre - reg
week, beginning Sept. 21, or stu
dents who know someone who will
be driving back around that time
are asked to leave a note for
Sprague at the ASSU office.
Transportation from New York to
Stanford is needed for five or six
ASSU scholars this fall, John
Sprague, co-chairman of the For
eign Scholarship Committee, an
nounced recently.
Students who will be driving back
to Stanford in time for pre - reg
week, beginning Sept. 21, or stu
dents who know someone who will
be driving back around that time
are asked to leave a note for
Sprague at the ASSU office.
Transportation from New York to
Stanford is needed for five or six
ASSU scholars this fall, John
Sprague, co-chairman of the For
eign Scholarship Committee, an
nounced recently.
Students who will be driving back
to Stanford in time for pre - reg
week, beginning Sept. 21, or stu
dents who know someone who will
be driving back around that time
are asked to leave a note for
Sprague at the ASSU office.
Transportation from New York to
Stanford is needed for five or six
ASSU scholars this fall, John
Sprague, co-chairman of the For
eign Scholarship Committee, an
nounced recently.
Students who will be driving back
to Stanford in time for pre - reg
week, beginning Sept. 21, or stu
dents who know someone who will
be driving back around that time
are asked to leave a note for
Sprague at the ASSU office.
Transportation from New York to
Stanford is needed for five or six
ASSU scholars this fall, John
Sprague, co-chairman of the For
eign Scholarship Committee, an
nounced recently.
Students who will be driving back
to Stanford in time for pre - reg
week, beginning Sept. 21, or stu
dents who know someone who will
be driving back around that time
are asked to leave a note for
Sprague at the ASSU office.
Transportation from New York to
Stanford is needed for five or six
ASSU scholars this fall, John
Sprague, co-chairman of the For
eign Scholarship Committee, an
nounced recently.
Students who will be driving back
to Stanford in time for pre - reg
week, beginning Sept. 21, or stu
dents who know someone who will
be driving back around that time
are asked to leave a note for
Sprague at the ASSU office.
Transportation from New York to
Stanford is needed for five or six
ASSU scholars this fall, John
Sprague, co-chairman of the For
eign Scholarship Committee, an
nounced recently.
Students who will be driving back
to Stanford in time for pre - reg
week, beginning Sept. 21, or stu
dents who know someone who will
be driving back around that time
are asked to leave a note for
Sprague at the ASSU office.
Transportation from New York to
Stanford is needed for five or six
ASSU scholars this fall, John
Sprague, co-chairman of the For
eign Scholarship Committee, an
nounced recently.
Students who will be driving back
to Stanford in time for pre - reg
week, beginning Sept. 21, or stu
dents who know someone who will
be driving back around that time
are asked to leave a note for
Sprague at the ASSU office.
Transportation from New York to
Stanford is needed for five or six
ASSU scholars this fall, John
Sprague, co-chairman of the For
eign Scholarship Committee, an
nounced recently.
Students who will be driving back
to Stanford in time for pre - reg
week, beginning Sept. 21, or stu
dents who know someone who will
be driving back around that time
are asked to leave a note for
Sprague at the ASSU office.
Transportation from New York to
Stanford is needed for five or six
ASSU scholars this fall, John
Sprague, co-chairman of the For
eign Scholarship Committee, an
nounced recently.
Students who will be driving back
to Stanford in time for pre - reg
week, beginning Sept. 21, or stu
dents who know someone who will
be driving back around that time
are asked to leave a note for
Sprague at the ASSU office.
Transportation from New York to
Stanford is needed for five or six
ASSU scholars this fall, John
Sprague, co-chairman of the For
eign Scholarship Committee, an
nounced recently.
Students who will be driving back
to Stanford in time for pre - reg
week, beginning Sept. 21, or stu
dents who know someone who will
be driving back around that time
are asked to leave a note for
Sprague at the ASSU office.
