# Research Grant Is Given Med School
## 
### 
More than $1,700 for research in
heart disease has been awarded to
the Stanford School of Medicine by
the Northern California Council of
Alpha Phi, Dean Windsor C. Cutting
announced recently.
The gift consisted of proceeds
from the recent Alpha Phi-osta ben
efit fashion show at Palo Alto.
More than $1,700 for research in
heart disease has been awarded to
the Stanford School of Medicine by
the Northern California Council of
Alpha Phi, Dean Windsor C. Cutting
announced recently.
The gift consisted of proceeds
from the recent Alpha Phi-osta ben
efit fashion show at Palo Alto.
More than $1,700 for research in
heart disease has been awarded to
the Stanford School of Medicine by
the Northern California Council of
Alpha Phi, Dean Windsor C. Cutting
announced recently.
The gift consisted of proceeds
from the recent Alpha Phi-osta ben
efit fashion show at Palo Alto.
More than $1,700 for research in
heart disease has been awarded to
the Stanford School of Medicine by
the Northern California Council of
Alpha Phi, Dean Windsor C. Cutting
announced recently.
The gift consisted of proceeds
from the recent Alpha Phi-osta ben
efit fashion show at Palo Alto.
More than $1,700 for research in
heart disease has been awarded to
the Stanford School of Medicine by
the Northern California Council of
Alpha Phi, Dean Windsor C. Cutting
announced recently.
The gift consisted of proceeds
from the recent Alpha Phi-osta ben
efit fashion show at Palo Alto.
More than $1,700 for research in
heart disease has been awarded to
the Stanford School of Medicine by
the Northern California Council of
Alpha Phi, Dean Windsor C. Cutting
announced recently.
The gift consisted of proceeds
from the recent Alpha Phi-osta ben
efit fashion show at Palo Alto.
More than $1,700 for research in
heart disease has been awarded to
the Stanford School of Medicine by
the Northern California Council of
Alpha Phi, Dean Windsor C. Cutting
announced recently.
The gift consisted of proceeds
from the recent Alpha Phi-osta ben
efit fashion show at Palo Alto.
More than $1,700 for research in
heart disease has been awarded to
the Stanford School of Medicine by
the Northern California Council of
Alpha Phi, Dean Windsor C. Cutting
announced recently.
The gift consisted of proceeds
from the recent Alpha Phi-osta ben
efit fashion show at Palo Alto.
More than $1,700 for research in
heart disease has been awarded to
the Stanford School of Medicine by
the Northern California Council of
Alpha Phi, Dean Windsor C. Cutting
announced recently.
The gift consisted of proceeds
from the recent Alpha Phi-osta ben
efit fashion show at Palo Alto.
More than $1,700 for research in
heart disease has been awarded to
the Stanford School of Medicine by
the Northern California Council of
Alpha Phi, Dean Windsor C. Cutting
announced recently.
The gift consisted of proceeds
from the recent Alpha Phi-osta ben
efit fashion show at Palo Alto.
More than $1,700 for research in
heart disease has been awarded to
the Stanford School of Medicine by
the Northern California Council of
Alpha Phi, Dean Windsor C. Cutting
announced recently.
The gift consisted of proceeds
from the recent Alpha Phi-osta ben
efit fashion show at Palo Alto.
More than $1,700 for research in
heart disease has been awarded to
the Stanford School of Medicine by
the Northern California Council of
Alpha Phi, Dean Windsor C. Cutting
announced recently.
The gift consisted of proceeds
from the recent Alpha Phi-osta ben
efit fashion show at Palo Alto.
More than $1,700 for research in
heart disease has been awarded to
the Stanford School of Medicine by
the Northern California Council of
Alpha Phi, Dean Windsor C. Cutting
announced recently.
The gift consisted of proceeds
from the recent Alpha Phi-osta ben
efit fashion show at Palo Alto.
More than $1,700 for research in
heart disease has been awarded to
the Stanford School of Medicine by
the Northern California Council of
Alpha Phi, Dean Windsor C. Cutting
announced recently.
The gift consisted of proceeds
from the recent Alpha Phi-osta ben
efit fashion show at Palo Alto.
