# Faculty Will Hold Picnic Wednesday
## 
### 
A buffet picnic, honoring summer
faculty, will be held Wednesday at
(> p.m. at Bowman Alumni House,
Santa Teresa Street.
All Stanford faculty and visiting
faculty are invited to attend the
function, which is being sponsored
by the Stanford Faculty Women's
Club. Those planning to attend may
make reservations with Mrs. George
Knoles, DA 2-5138.
A buffet picnic, honoring summer
faculty, will be held Wednesday at
(> p.m. at Bowman Alumni House,
Santa Teresa Street.
All Stanford faculty and visiting
faculty are invited to attend the
function, which is being sponsored
by the Stanford Faculty Women's
Club. Those planning to attend may
make reservations with Mrs. George
Knoles, DA 2-5138.
A buffet picnic, honoring summer
faculty, will be held Wednesday at
(> p.m. at Bowman Alumni House,
Santa Teresa Street.
All Stanford faculty and visiting
faculty are invited to attend the
function, which is being sponsored
by the Stanford Faculty Women's
Club. Those planning to attend may
make reservations with Mrs. George
Knoles, DA 2-5138.
A buffet picnic, honoring summer
faculty, will be held Wednesday at
(> p.m. at Bowman Alumni House,
Santa Teresa Street.
All Stanford faculty and visiting
faculty are invited to attend the
function, which is being sponsored
by the Stanford Faculty Women's
Club. Those planning to attend may
make reservations with Mrs. George
Knoles, DA 2-5138.
A buffet picnic, honoring summer
faculty, will be held Wednesday at
(> p.m. at Bowman Alumni House,
Santa Teresa Street.
All Stanford faculty and visiting
faculty are invited to attend the
function, which is being sponsored
by the Stanford Faculty Women's
Club. Those planning to attend may
make reservations with Mrs. George
Knoles, DA 2-5138.
A buffet picnic, honoring summer
faculty, will be held Wednesday at
(> p.m. at Bowman Alumni House,
Santa Teresa Street.
All Stanford faculty and visiting
faculty are invited to attend the
function, which is being sponsored
by the Stanford Faculty Women's
Club. Those planning to attend may
make reservations with Mrs. George
Knoles, DA 2-5138.
A buffet picnic, honoring summer
faculty, will be held Wednesday at
(> p.m. at Bowman Alumni House,
Santa Teresa Street.
All Stanford faculty and visiting
faculty are invited to attend the
function, which is being sponsored
by the Stanford Faculty Women's
Club. Those planning to attend may
make reservations with Mrs. George
Knoles, DA 2-5138.
A buffet picnic, honoring summer
faculty, will be held Wednesday at
(> p.m. at Bowman Alumni House,
Santa Teresa Street.
All Stanford faculty and visiting
faculty are invited to attend the
function, which is being sponsored
by the Stanford Faculty Women's
Club. Those planning to attend may
make reservations with Mrs. George
Knoles, DA 2-5138.
A buffet picnic, honoring summer
faculty, will be held Wednesday at
(> p.m. at Bowman Alumni House,
Santa Teresa Street.
All Stanford faculty and visiting
faculty are invited to attend the
function, which is being sponsored
by the Stanford Faculty Women's
Club. Those planning to attend may
make reservations with Mrs. George
Knoles, DA 2-5138.
A buffet picnic, honoring summer
faculty, will be held Wednesday at
(> p.m. at Bowman Alumni House,
Santa Teresa Street.
All Stanford faculty and visiting
faculty are invited to attend the
function, which is being sponsored
by the Stanford Faculty Women's
Club. Those planning to attend may
make reservations with Mrs. George
Knoles, DA 2-5138.
A buffet picnic, honoring summer
faculty, will be held Wednesday at
(> p.m. at Bowman Alumni House,
Santa Teresa Street.
All Stanford faculty and visiting
faculty are invited to attend the
function, which is being sponsored
by the Stanford Faculty Women's
Club. Those planning to attend may
make reservations with Mrs. George
Knoles, DA 2-5138.
A buffet picnic, honoring summer
faculty, will be held Wednesday at
(> p.m. at Bowman Alumni House,
Santa Teresa Street.
All Stanford faculty and visiting
faculty are invited to attend the
function, which is being sponsored
by the Stanford Faculty Women's
Club. Those planning to attend may
make reservations with Mrs. George
Knoles, DA 2-5138.
A buffet picnic, honoring summer
faculty, will be held Wednesday at
(> p.m. at Bowman Alumni House,
Santa Teresa Street.
All Stanford faculty and visiting
faculty are invited to attend the
function, which is being sponsored
by the Stanford Faculty Women's
Club. Those planning to attend may
make reservations with Mrs. George
Knoles, DA 2-5138.
A buffet picnic, honoring summer
faculty, will be held Wednesday at
(> p.m. at Bowman Alumni House,
Santa Teresa Street.
All Stanford faculty and visiting
faculty are invited to attend the
function, which is being sponsored
by the Stanford Faculty Women's
Club. Those planning to attend may
make reservations with Mrs. George
Knoles, DA 2-5138.
