# Lag to Hold Open House Tomorrow
## 
### 
An all - campus open house and
marshmallow roast wlil be held at
Lagunita Court tomorrow night
from 8:30 to 11:30.
There will be dancing to records,
entertainment, and refreshments.
Admission is free, and dress is in
formal.
The affair is under the direction
of Susan Grandin. summer AWS
vice-president. Marcia Kirwin is in
charge of refreshments, and Jodi
Stevens is handling music and en
tertainment.
An all - campus open house and
marshmallow roast wlil be held at
Lagunita Court tomorrow night
from 8:30 to 11:30.
There will be dancing to records,
entertainment, and refreshments.
Admission is free, and dress is in
formal.
The affair is under the direction
of Susan Grandin. summer AWS
vice-president. Marcia Kirwin is in
charge of refreshments, and Jodi
Stevens is handling music and en
tertainment.
An all - campus open house and
marshmallow roast wlil be held at
Lagunita Court tomorrow night
from 8:30 to 11:30.
There will be dancing to records,
entertainment, and refreshments.
Admission is free, and dress is in
formal.
The affair is under the direction
of Susan Grandin. summer AWS
vice-president. Marcia Kirwin is in
charge of refreshments, and Jodi
Stevens is handling music and en
tertainment.
An all - campus open house and
marshmallow roast wlil be held at
Lagunita Court tomorrow night
from 8:30 to 11:30.
There will be dancing to records,
entertainment, and refreshments.
Admission is free, and dress is in
formal.
The affair is under the direction
of Susan Grandin. summer AWS
vice-president. Marcia Kirwin is in
charge of refreshments, and Jodi
Stevens is handling music and en
tertainment.
An all - campus open house and
marshmallow roast wlil be held at
Lagunita Court tomorrow night
from 8:30 to 11:30.
There will be dancing to records,
entertainment, and refreshments.
Admission is free, and dress is in
formal.
The affair is under the direction
of Susan Grandin. summer AWS
vice-president. Marcia Kirwin is in
charge of refreshments, and Jodi
Stevens is handling music and en
tertainment.
An all - campus open house and
marshmallow roast wlil be held at
Lagunita Court tomorrow night
from 8:30 to 11:30.
There will be dancing to records,
entertainment, and refreshments.
Admission is free, and dress is in
formal.
The affair is under the direction
of Susan Grandin. summer AWS
vice-president. Marcia Kirwin is in
charge of refreshments, and Jodi
Stevens is handling music and en
tertainment.
An all - campus open house and
marshmallow roast wlil be held at
Lagunita Court tomorrow night
from 8:30 to 11:30.
There will be dancing to records,
entertainment, and refreshments.
Admission is free, and dress is in
formal.
The affair is under the direction
of Susan Grandin. summer AWS
vice-president. Marcia Kirwin is in
charge of refreshments, and Jodi
Stevens is handling music and en
tertainment.
An all - campus open house and
marshmallow roast wlil be held at
Lagunita Court tomorrow night
from 8:30 to 11:30.
There will be dancing to records,
entertainment, and refreshments.
Admission is free, and dress is in
formal.
The affair is under the direction
of Susan Grandin. summer AWS
vice-president. Marcia Kirwin is in
charge of refreshments, and Jodi
Stevens is handling music and en
tertainment.
An all - campus open house and
marshmallow roast wlil be held at
Lagunita Court tomorrow night
from 8:30 to 11:30.
There will be dancing to records,
entertainment, and refreshments.
Admission is free, and dress is in
formal.
The affair is under the direction
of Susan Grandin. summer AWS
vice-president. Marcia Kirwin is in
charge of refreshments, and Jodi
Stevens is handling music and en
tertainment.
An all - campus open house and
marshmallow roast wlil be held at
Lagunita Court tomorrow night
from 8:30 to 11:30.
There will be dancing to records,
entertainment, and refreshments.
Admission is free, and dress is in
formal.
The affair is under the direction
of Susan Grandin. summer AWS
vice-president. Marcia Kirwin is in
charge of refreshments, and Jodi
Stevens is handling music and en
tertainment.
An all - campus open house and
marshmallow roast wlil be held at
Lagunita Court tomorrow night
from 8:30 to 11:30.
There will be dancing to records,
entertainment, and refreshments.
Admission is free, and dress is in
formal.
The affair is under the direction
of Susan Grandin. summer AWS
vice-president. Marcia Kirwin is in
charge of refreshments, and Jodi
Stevens is handling music and en
tertainment.
An all - campus open house and
marshmallow roast wlil be held at
Lagunita Court tomorrow night
from 8:30 to 11:30.
There will be dancing to records,
entertainment, and refreshments.
Admission is free, and dress is in
formal.
The affair is under the direction
of Susan Grandin. summer AWS
vice-president. Marcia Kirwin is in
charge of refreshments, and Jodi
Stevens is handling music and en
tertainment.
An all - campus open house and
marshmallow roast wlil be held at
Lagunita Court tomorrow night
from 8:30 to 11:30.
There will be dancing to records,
entertainment, and refreshments.
Admission is free, and dress is in
formal.
The affair is under the direction
of Susan Grandin. summer AWS
vice-president. Marcia Kirwin is in
charge of refreshments, and Jodi
Stevens is handling music and en
tertainment.
An all - campus open house and
marshmallow roast wlil be held at
Lagunita Court tomorrow night
from 8:30 to 11:30.
There will be dancing to records,
entertainment, and refreshments.
Admission is free, and dress is in
formal.
The affair is under the direction
of Susan Grandin. summer AWS
vice-president. Marcia Kirwin is in
charge of refreshments, and Jodi
Stevens is handling music and en
tertainment.
