# SCENERY OF CARMEL FEATURES EXHIBIT AT CAMPUS ART GALLERY
## 
### 
Carmel is the feature at the Art
Gallery for the next wo weeks, for
the three artists exhibiting their work
there belong to the Carmel colony.
E. Grace Ward and Edith Ward
Hunt have a joint exhibition including
many types of work. Oil, charcoal,
water colors, and wall paintings are
shown.
fs Stanford Alumna
E. Grace Ward is a Stanford woman
of the class of 1902. She majored in
Graphic Art under Dr. A. B. Clark.
She studied at the Pratt Institute in
Brooklyn, under Arthur Dow at Ips
wich, Massachusetts, and with Pedro
J. Lemos at the University of Cali
fornia during summer sessions. She
has taught graphic art in schools in
Redlands, Napa, and Palo Alto.
Edith Ward Hunt studied at the
Cleveland Art Club under John Cava
naugli and Charles F. DeQuinn. She
has had exhibitions in Cleveland and
St. Louis. Before she came to Carmel
she was Director of Art at Wesleyan
University at Mitchell, South Dakota.
Oil Work Shown
The other exhibition is that of M.
DeNeale Morgan. Her work is in oil,
and tempera which gives a dull soft
finish no other medium can obtain.
She is a member of the N.A. Women
Painters and Sculptors, American
Federation of Art, San Francisco So
ciety of Women Artists, and the Car
mel Club of Ats and Crafts. She is
considered one of the very best, if
not the best, painter of the Carmel
Colony. She studied at the San Fran
cisco Institute of Art under Virgil
Williams, Amedee Joulin, Emil Carl
sen, and later William M. Chase. She
has exhibited in many American
■cities, including Oakland, Los An
geles, Palo Alto, New York, Chicago,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Wash
ington.
Carmel is the feature at the Art
Gallery for the next wo weeks, for
the three artists exhibiting their work
there belong to the Carmel colony.
E. Grace Ward and Edith Ward
Hunt have a joint exhibition including
many types of work. Oil, charcoal,
water colors, and wall paintings are
shown.
fs Stanford Alumna
E. Grace Ward is a Stanford woman
of the class of 1902. She majored in
Graphic Art under Dr. A. B. Clark.
She studied at the Pratt Institute in
Brooklyn, under Arthur Dow at Ips
wich, Massachusetts, and with Pedro
J. Lemos at the University of Cali
fornia during summer sessions. She
has taught graphic art in schools in
Redlands, Napa, and Palo Alto.
Edith Ward Hunt studied at the
Cleveland Art Club under John Cava
naugli and Charles F. DeQuinn. She
has had exhibitions in Cleveland and
St. Louis. Before she came to Carmel
she was Director of Art at Wesleyan
University at Mitchell, South Dakota.
Oil Work Shown
The other exhibition is that of M.
DeNeale Morgan. Her work is in oil,
and tempera which gives a dull soft
finish no other medium can obtain.
She is a member of the N.A. Women
Painters and Sculptors, American
Federation of Art, San Francisco So
ciety of Women Artists, and the Car
mel Club of Ats and Crafts. She is
considered one of the very best, if
not the best, painter of the Carmel
Colony. She studied at the San Fran
cisco Institute of Art under Virgil
Williams, Amedee Joulin, Emil Carl
sen, and later William M. Chase. She
has exhibited in many American
■cities, including Oakland, Los An
geles, Palo Alto, New York, Chicago,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Wash
ington.
Carmel is the feature at the Art
Gallery for the next wo weeks, for
the three artists exhibiting their work
there belong to the Carmel colony.
E. Grace Ward and Edith Ward
Hunt have a joint exhibition including
many types of work. Oil, charcoal,
water colors, and wall paintings are
shown.
fs Stanford Alumna
E. Grace Ward is a Stanford woman
of the class of 1902. She majored in
Graphic Art under Dr. A. B. Clark.
She studied at the Pratt Institute in
Brooklyn, under Arthur Dow at Ips
wich, Massachusetts, and with Pedro
J. Lemos at the University of Cali
fornia during summer sessions. She
has taught graphic art in schools in
Redlands, Napa, and Palo Alto.
Edith Ward Hunt studied at the
Cleveland Art Club under John Cava
naugli and Charles F. DeQuinn. She
has had exhibitions in Cleveland and
St. Louis. Before she came to Carmel
she was Director of Art at Wesleyan
University at Mitchell, South Dakota.
Oil Work Shown
The other exhibition is that of M.
DeNeale Morgan. Her work is in oil,
and tempera which gives a dull soft
finish no other medium can obtain.
She is a member of the N.A. Women
Painters and Sculptors, American
Federation of Art, San Francisco So
ciety of Women Artists, and the Car
mel Club of Ats and Crafts. She is
considered one of the very best, if
not the best, painter of the Carmel
Colony. She studied at the San Fran
cisco Institute of Art under Virgil
Williams, Amedee Joulin, Emil Carl
sen, and later William M. Chase. She
has exhibited in many American
■cities, including Oakland, Los An
geles, Palo Alto, New York, Chicago,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Wash
ington.
Carmel is the feature at the Art
Gallery for the next wo weeks, for
the three artists exhibiting their work
there belong to the Carmel colony.
E. Grace Ward and Edith Ward
Hunt have a joint exhibition including
many types of work. Oil, charcoal,
water colors, and wall paintings are
shown.
fs Stanford Alumna
E. Grace Ward is a Stanford woman
of the class of 1902. She majored in
Graphic Art under Dr. A. B. Clark.
She studied at the Pratt Institute in
Brooklyn, under Arthur Dow at Ips
wich, Massachusetts, and with Pedro
J. Lemos at the University of Cali
fornia during summer sessions. She
has taught graphic art in schools in
Redlands, Napa, and Palo Alto.
Edith Ward Hunt studied at the
Cleveland Art Club under John Cava
naugli and Charles F. DeQuinn. She
has had exhibitions in Cleveland and
St. Louis. Before she came to Carmel
she was Director of Art at Wesleyan
University at Mitchell, South Dakota.
Oil Work Shown
The other exhibition is that of M.
DeNeale Morgan. Her work is in oil,
and tempera which gives a dull soft
finish no other medium can obtain.
She is a member of the N.A. Women
Painters and Sculptors, American
Federation of Art, San Francisco So
ciety of Women Artists, and the Car
mel Club of Ats and Crafts. She is
considered one of the very best, if
not the best, painter of the Carmel
Colony. She studied at the San Fran
cisco Institute of Art under Virgil
Williams, Amedee Joulin, Emil Carl
sen, and later William M. Chase. She
has exhibited in many American
■cities, including Oakland, Los An
geles, Palo Alto, New York, Chicago,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Wash
ington.
Carmel is the feature at the Art
Gallery for the next wo weeks, for
the three artists exhibiting their work
there belong to the Carmel colony.
E. Grace Ward and Edith Ward
Hunt have a joint exhibition including
many types of work. Oil, charcoal,
water colors, and wall paintings are
shown.
fs Stanford Alumna
E. Grace Ward is a Stanford woman
of the class of 1902. She majored in
Graphic Art under Dr. A. B. Clark.
She studied at the Pratt Institute in
Brooklyn, under Arthur Dow at Ips
wich, Massachusetts, and with Pedro
J. Lemos at the University of Cali
fornia during summer sessions. She
has taught graphic art in schools in
Redlands, Napa, and Palo Alto.
Edith Ward Hunt studied at the
Cleveland Art Club under John Cava
naugli and Charles F. DeQuinn. She
has had exhibitions in Cleveland and
St. Louis. Before she came to Carmel
she was Director of Art at Wesleyan
University at Mitchell, South Dakota.
Oil Work Shown
The other exhibition is that of M.
DeNeale Morgan. Her work is in oil,
and tempera which gives a dull soft
finish no other medium can obtain.
She is a member of the N.A. Women
Painters and Sculptors, American
Federation of Art, San Francisco So
ciety of Women Artists, and the Car
mel Club of Ats and Crafts. She is
considered one of the very best, if
not the best, painter of the Carmel
Colony. She studied at the San Fran
cisco Institute of Art under Virgil
Williams, Amedee Joulin, Emil Carl
sen, and later William M. Chase. She
has exhibited in many American
■cities, including Oakland, Los An
geles, Palo Alto, New York, Chicago,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Wash
ington.
Carmel is the feature at the Art
Gallery for the next wo weeks, for
the three artists exhibiting their work
there belong to the Carmel colony.
E. Grace Ward and Edith Ward
Hunt have a joint exhibition including
many types of work. Oil, charcoal,
water colors, and wall paintings are
shown.
fs Stanford Alumna
E. Grace Ward is a Stanford woman
of the class of 1902. She majored in
Graphic Art under Dr. A. B. Clark.
She studied at the Pratt Institute in
Brooklyn, under Arthur Dow at Ips
wich, Massachusetts, and with Pedro
J. Lemos at the University of Cali
fornia during summer sessions. She
has taught graphic art in schools in
Redlands, Napa, and Palo Alto.
Edith Ward Hunt studied at the
Cleveland Art Club under John Cava
naugli and Charles F. DeQuinn. She
has had exhibitions in Cleveland and
St. Louis. Before she came to Carmel
she was Director of Art at Wesleyan
University at Mitchell, South Dakota.
Oil Work Shown
The other exhibition is that of M.
DeNeale Morgan. Her work is in oil,
and tempera which gives a dull soft
finish no other medium can obtain.
She is a member of the N.A. Women
Painters and Sculptors, American
Federation of Art, San Francisco So
ciety of Women Artists, and the Car
mel Club of Ats and Crafts. She is
considered one of the very best, if
not the best, painter of the Carmel
Colony. She studied at the San Fran
cisco Institute of Art under Virgil
Williams, Amedee Joulin, Emil Carl
sen, and later William M. Chase. She
has exhibited in many American
■cities, including Oakland, Los An
geles, Palo Alto, New York, Chicago,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Wash
ington.
Carmel is the feature at the Art
Gallery for the next wo weeks, for
the three artists exhibiting their work
there belong to the Carmel colony.
E. Grace Ward and Edith Ward
Hunt have a joint exhibition including
many types of work. Oil, charcoal,
water colors, and wall paintings are
shown.
fs Stanford Alumna
E. Grace Ward is a Stanford woman
of the class of 1902. She majored in
Graphic Art under Dr. A. B. Clark.
She studied at the Pratt Institute in
Brooklyn, under Arthur Dow at Ips
wich, Massachusetts, and with Pedro
J. Lemos at the University of Cali
fornia during summer sessions. She
has taught graphic art in schools in
Redlands, Napa, and Palo Alto.
Edith Ward Hunt studied at the
Cleveland Art Club under John Cava
naugli and Charles F. DeQuinn. She
has had exhibitions in Cleveland and
St. Louis. Before she came to Carmel
she was Director of Art at Wesleyan
University at Mitchell, South Dakota.
Oil Work Shown
The other exhibition is that of M.
DeNeale Morgan. Her work is in oil,
and tempera which gives a dull soft
finish no other medium can obtain.
She is a member of the N.A. Women
Painters and Sculptors, American
Federation of Art, San Francisco So
ciety of Women Artists, and the Car
mel Club of Ats and Crafts. She is
considered one of the very best, if
not the best, painter of the Carmel
Colony. She studied at the San Fran
cisco Institute of Art under Virgil
Williams, Amedee Joulin, Emil Carl
sen, and later William M. Chase. She
has exhibited in many American
■cities, including Oakland, Los An
geles, Palo Alto, New York, Chicago,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Wash
ington.
Carmel is the feature at the Art
Gallery for the next wo weeks, for
the three artists exhibiting their work
there belong to the Carmel colony.
E. Grace Ward and Edith Ward
Hunt have a joint exhibition including
many types of work. Oil, charcoal,
water colors, and wall paintings are
shown.
fs Stanford Alumna
E. Grace Ward is a Stanford woman
of the class of 1902. She majored in
Graphic Art under Dr. A. B. Clark.
She studied at the Pratt Institute in
Brooklyn, under Arthur Dow at Ips
wich, Massachusetts, and with Pedro
J. Lemos at the University of Cali
fornia during summer sessions. She
has taught graphic art in schools in
Redlands, Napa, and Palo Alto.
Edith Ward Hunt studied at the
Cleveland Art Club under John Cava
naugli and Charles F. DeQuinn. She
has had exhibitions in Cleveland and
St. Louis. Before she came to Carmel
she was Director of Art at Wesleyan
University at Mitchell, South Dakota.
Oil Work Shown
The other exhibition is that of M.
DeNeale Morgan. Her work is in oil,
and tempera which gives a dull soft
finish no other medium can obtain.
She is a member of the N.A. Women
Painters and Sculptors, American
Federation of Art, San Francisco So
ciety of Women Artists, and the Car
mel Club of Ats and Crafts. She is
considered one of the very best, if
not the best, painter of the Carmel
Colony. She studied at the San Fran
cisco Institute of Art under Virgil
Williams, Amedee Joulin, Emil Carl
sen, and later William M. Chase. She
has exhibited in many American
■cities, including Oakland, Los An
geles, Palo Alto, New York, Chicago,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Wash
ington.
Carmel is the feature at the Art
Gallery for the next wo weeks, for
the three artists exhibiting their work
there belong to the Carmel colony.
E. Grace Ward and Edith Ward
Hunt have a joint exhibition including
many types of work. Oil, charcoal,
water colors, and wall paintings are
shown.
fs Stanford Alumna
E. Grace Ward is a Stanford woman
of the class of 1902. She majored in
Graphic Art under Dr. A. B. Clark.
She studied at the Pratt Institute in
Brooklyn, under Arthur Dow at Ips
wich, Massachusetts, and with Pedro
J. Lemos at the University of Cali
fornia during summer sessions. She
has taught graphic art in schools in
Redlands, Napa, and Palo Alto.
Edith Ward Hunt studied at the
Cleveland Art Club under John Cava
naugli and Charles F. DeQuinn. She
has had exhibitions in Cleveland and
St. Louis. Before she came to Carmel
she was Director of Art at Wesleyan
University at Mitchell, South Dakota.
Oil Work Shown
The other exhibition is that of M.
DeNeale Morgan. Her work is in oil,
and tempera which gives a dull soft
finish no other medium can obtain.
She is a member of the N.A. Women
Painters and Sculptors, American
Federation of Art, San Francisco So
ciety of Women Artists, and the Car
mel Club of Ats and Crafts. She is
considered one of the very best, if
not the best, painter of the Carmel
Colony. She studied at the San Fran
cisco Institute of Art under Virgil
Williams, Amedee Joulin, Emil Carl
sen, and later William M. Chase. She
has exhibited in many American
■cities, including Oakland, Los An
geles, Palo Alto, New York, Chicago,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Wash
ington.
Carmel is the feature at the Art
Gallery for the next wo weeks, for
the three artists exhibiting their work
there belong to the Carmel colony.
E. Grace Ward and Edith Ward
Hunt have a joint exhibition including
many types of work. Oil, charcoal,
water colors, and wall paintings are
shown.
fs Stanford Alumna
E. Grace Ward is a Stanford woman
of the class of 1902. She majored in
Graphic Art under Dr. A. B. Clark.
She studied at the Pratt Institute in
Brooklyn, under Arthur Dow at Ips
wich, Massachusetts, and with Pedro
J. Lemos at the University of Cali
fornia during summer sessions. She
has taught graphic art in schools in
Redlands, Napa, and Palo Alto.
Edith Ward Hunt studied at the
Cleveland Art Club under John Cava
naugli and Charles F. DeQuinn. She
has had exhibitions in Cleveland and
St. Louis. Before she came to Carmel
she was Director of Art at Wesleyan
University at Mitchell, South Dakota.
Oil Work Shown
The other exhibition is that of M.
DeNeale Morgan. Her work is in oil,
and tempera which gives a dull soft
finish no other medium can obtain.
She is a member of the N.A. Women
Painters and Sculptors, American
Federation of Art, San Francisco So
ciety of Women Artists, and the Car
mel Club of Ats and Crafts. She is
considered one of the very best, if
not the best, painter of the Carmel
Colony. She studied at the San Fran
cisco Institute of Art under Virgil
Williams, Amedee Joulin, Emil Carl
sen, and later William M. Chase. She
has exhibited in many American
■cities, including Oakland, Los An
geles, Palo Alto, New York, Chicago,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Wash
ington.
Carmel is the feature at the Art
Gallery for the next wo weeks, for
the three artists exhibiting their work
there belong to the Carmel colony.
E. Grace Ward and Edith Ward
Hunt have a joint exhibition including
many types of work. Oil, charcoal,
water colors, and wall paintings are
shown.
fs Stanford Alumna
E. Grace Ward is a Stanford woman
of the class of 1902. She majored in
Graphic Art under Dr. A. B. Clark.
She studied at the Pratt Institute in
Brooklyn, under Arthur Dow at Ips
wich, Massachusetts, and with Pedro
J. Lemos at the University of Cali
fornia during summer sessions. She
has taught graphic art in schools in
Redlands, Napa, and Palo Alto.
Edith Ward Hunt studied at the
Cleveland Art Club under John Cava
naugli and Charles F. DeQuinn. She
has had exhibitions in Cleveland and
St. Louis. Before she came to Carmel
she was Director of Art at Wesleyan
University at Mitchell, South Dakota.
Oil Work Shown
The other exhibition is that of M.
DeNeale Morgan. Her work is in oil,
and tempera which gives a dull soft
finish no other medium can obtain.
She is a member of the N.A. Women
Painters and Sculptors, American
Federation of Art, San Francisco So
ciety of Women Artists, and the Car
mel Club of Ats and Crafts. She is
considered one of the very best, if
not the best, painter of the Carmel
Colony. She studied at the San Fran
cisco Institute of Art under Virgil
Williams, Amedee Joulin, Emil Carl
sen, and later William M. Chase. She
has exhibited in many American
■cities, including Oakland, Los An
geles, Palo Alto, New York, Chicago,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Wash
ington.
Carmel is the feature at the Art
Gallery for the next wo weeks, for
the three artists exhibiting their work
there belong to the Carmel colony.
E. Grace Ward and Edith Ward
Hunt have a joint exhibition including
many types of work. Oil, charcoal,
water colors, and wall paintings are
shown.
fs Stanford Alumna
E. Grace Ward is a Stanford woman
of the class of 1902. She majored in
Graphic Art under Dr. A. B. Clark.
She studied at the Pratt Institute in
Brooklyn, under Arthur Dow at Ips
wich, Massachusetts, and with Pedro
J. Lemos at the University of Cali
fornia during summer sessions. She
has taught graphic art in schools in
Redlands, Napa, and Palo Alto.
Edith Ward Hunt studied at the
Cleveland Art Club under John Cava
naugli and Charles F. DeQuinn. She
has had exhibitions in Cleveland and
St. Louis. Before she came to Carmel
she was Director of Art at Wesleyan
University at Mitchell, South Dakota.
Oil Work Shown
The other exhibition is that of M.
DeNeale Morgan. Her work is in oil,
and tempera which gives a dull soft
finish no other medium can obtain.
She is a member of the N.A. Women
Painters and Sculptors, American
Federation of Art, San Francisco So
ciety of Women Artists, and the Car
mel Club of Ats and Crafts. She is
considered one of the very best, if
not the best, painter of the Carmel
Colony. She studied at the San Fran
cisco Institute of Art under Virgil
Williams, Amedee Joulin, Emil Carl
sen, and later William M. Chase. She
has exhibited in many American
■cities, including Oakland, Los An
geles, Palo Alto, New York, Chicago,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Wash
ington.
Carmel is the feature at the Art
Gallery for the next wo weeks, for
the three artists exhibiting their work
there belong to the Carmel colony.
E. Grace Ward and Edith Ward
Hunt have a joint exhibition including
many types of work. Oil, charcoal,
water colors, and wall paintings are
shown.
fs Stanford Alumna
E. Grace Ward is a Stanford woman
of the class of 1902. She majored in
Graphic Art under Dr. A. B. Clark.
She studied at the Pratt Institute in
Brooklyn, under Arthur Dow at Ips
wich, Massachusetts, and with Pedro
J. Lemos at the University of Cali
fornia during summer sessions. She
has taught graphic art in schools in
Redlands, Napa, and Palo Alto.
Edith Ward Hunt studied at the
Cleveland Art Club under John Cava
naugli and Charles F. DeQuinn. She
has had exhibitions in Cleveland and
St. Louis. Before she came to Carmel
she was Director of Art at Wesleyan
University at Mitchell, South Dakota.
Oil Work Shown
The other exhibition is that of M.
DeNeale Morgan. Her work is in oil,
and tempera which gives a dull soft
finish no other medium can obtain.
She is a member of the N.A. Women
Painters and Sculptors, American
Federation of Art, San Francisco So
ciety of Women Artists, and the Car
mel Club of Ats and Crafts. She is
considered one of the very best, if
not the best, painter of the Carmel
Colony. She studied at the San Fran
cisco Institute of Art under Virgil
Williams, Amedee Joulin, Emil Carl
sen, and later William M. Chase. She
has exhibited in many American
■cities, including Oakland, Los An
geles, Palo Alto, New York, Chicago,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Wash
ington.
Carmel is the feature at the Art
Gallery for the next wo weeks, for
the three artists exhibiting their work
there belong to the Carmel colony.
E. Grace Ward and Edith Ward
Hunt have a joint exhibition including
many types of work. Oil, charcoal,
water colors, and wall paintings are
shown.
fs Stanford Alumna
E. Grace Ward is a Stanford woman
of the class of 1902. She majored in
Graphic Art under Dr. A. B. Clark.
She studied at the Pratt Institute in
Brooklyn, under Arthur Dow at Ips
wich, Massachusetts, and with Pedro
J. Lemos at the University of Cali
fornia during summer sessions. She
has taught graphic art in schools in
Redlands, Napa, and Palo Alto.
Edith Ward Hunt studied at the
Cleveland Art Club under John Cava
naugli and Charles F. DeQuinn. She
has had exhibitions in Cleveland and
St. Louis. Before she came to Carmel
she was Director of Art at Wesleyan
University at Mitchell, South Dakota.
Oil Work Shown
The other exhibition is that of M.
DeNeale Morgan. Her work is in oil,
and tempera which gives a dull soft
finish no other medium can obtain.
She is a member of the N.A. Women
Painters and Sculptors, American
Federation of Art, San Francisco So
ciety of Women Artists, and the Car
mel Club of Ats and Crafts. She is
considered one of the very best, if
not the best, painter of the Carmel
Colony. She studied at the San Fran
cisco Institute of Art under Virgil
Williams, Amedee Joulin, Emil Carl
sen, and later William M. Chase. She
has exhibited in many American
■cities, including Oakland, Los An
geles, Palo Alto, New York, Chicago,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Wash
ington.
Carmel is the feature at the Art
Gallery for the next wo weeks, for
the three artists exhibiting their work
there belong to the Carmel colony.
E. Grace Ward and Edith Ward
Hunt have a joint exhibition including
many types of work. Oil, charcoal,
water colors, and wall paintings are
shown.
fs Stanford Alumna
E. Grace Ward is a Stanford woman
of the class of 1902. She majored in
Graphic Art under Dr. A. B. Clark.
She studied at the Pratt Institute in
Brooklyn, under Arthur Dow at Ips
wich, Massachusetts, and with Pedro
J. Lemos at the University of Cali
fornia during summer sessions. She
has taught graphic art in schools in
Redlands, Napa, and Palo Alto.
Edith Ward Hunt studied at the
Cleveland Art Club under John Cava
naugli and Charles F. DeQuinn. She
has had exhibitions in Cleveland and
St. Louis. Before she came to Carmel
she was Director of Art at Wesleyan
University at Mitchell, South Dakota.
Oil Work Shown
The other exhibition is that of M.
DeNeale Morgan. Her work is in oil,
and tempera which gives a dull soft
finish no other medium can obtain.
She is a member of the N.A. Women
Painters and Sculptors, American
Federation of Art, San Francisco So
ciety of Women Artists, and the Car
mel Club of Ats and Crafts. She is
considered one of the very best, if
not the best, painter of the Carmel
Colony. She studied at the San Fran
cisco Institute of Art under Virgil
Williams, Amedee Joulin, Emil Carl
sen, and later William M. Chase. She
has exhibited in many American
■cities, including Oakland, Los An
geles, Palo Alto, New York, Chicago,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Wash
ington.
Carmel is the feature at the Art
Gallery for the next wo weeks, for
the three artists exhibiting their work
there belong to the Carmel colony.
E. Grace Ward and Edith Ward
Hunt have a joint exhibition including
many types of work. Oil, charcoal,
water colors, and wall paintings are
shown.
fs Stanford Alumna
E. Grace Ward is a Stanford woman
of the class of 1902. She majored in
Graphic Art under Dr. A. B. Clark.
She studied at the Pratt Institute in
Brooklyn, under Arthur Dow at Ips
wich, Massachusetts, and with Pedro
J. Lemos at the University of Cali
fornia during summer sessions. She
has taught graphic art in schools in
Redlands, Napa, and Palo Alto.
Edith Ward Hunt studied at the
Cleveland Art Club under John Cava
naugli and Charles F. DeQuinn. She
has had exhibitions in Cleveland and
St. Louis. Before she came to Carmel
she was Director of Art at Wesleyan
University at Mitchell, South Dakota.
Oil Work Shown
The other exhibition is that of M.
DeNeale Morgan. Her work is in oil,
and tempera which gives a dull soft
finish no other medium can obtain.
She is a member of the N.A. Women
Painters and Sculptors, American
Federation of Art, San Francisco So
ciety of Women Artists, and the Car
mel Club of Ats and Crafts. She is
considered one of the very best, if
not the best, painter of the Carmel
Colony. She studied at the San Fran
cisco Institute of Art under Virgil
Williams, Amedee Joulin, Emil Carl
sen, and later William M. Chase. She
has exhibited in many American
■cities, including Oakland, Los An
geles, Palo Alto, New York, Chicago,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Wash
ington.
