# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Loans amounting to $5,535 were
granted to 50 students of the Univer
sity of Washington during the fall
quarter.
Loans amounting to $5,535 were
granted to 50 students of the Univer
sity of Washington during the fall
quarter.
Loans amounting to $5,535 were
granted to 50 students of the Univer
sity of Washington during the fall
quarter.
Loans amounting to $5,535 were
granted to 50 students of the Univer
sity of Washington during the fall
quarter.
Loans amounting to $5,535 were
granted to 50 students of the Univer
sity of Washington during the fall
quarter.
Loans amounting to $5,535 were
granted to 50 students of the Univer
sity of Washington during the fall
quarter.
Loans amounting to $5,535 were
granted to 50 students of the Univer
sity of Washington during the fall
quarter.
Loans amounting to $5,535 were
granted to 50 students of the Univer
sity of Washington during the fall
quarter.
Loans amounting to $5,535 were
granted to 50 students of the Univer
sity of Washington during the fall
quarter.
Loans amounting to $5,535 were
granted to 50 students of the Univer
sity of Washington during the fall
quarter.
Loans amounting to $5,535 were
granted to 50 students of the Univer
sity of Washington during the fall
quarter.
Loans amounting to $5,535 were
granted to 50 students of the Univer
sity of Washington during the fall
quarter.
Loans amounting to $5,535 were
granted to 50 students of the Univer
sity of Washington during the fall
quarter.
Loans amounting to $5,535 were
granted to 50 students of the Univer
sity of Washington during the fall
quarter.
Loans amounting to $5,535 were
granted to 50 students of the Univer
sity of Washington during the fall
quarter.
Loans amounting to $5,535 were
granted to 50 students of the Univer
sity of Washington during the fall
quarter.
