# POLICE BULLETIN
## 
### CHRISTIAN TORRES NEWS EDITOR 
This report covers a selection of
crimes from July 25 to July 31 as
recorded in the Stanford Police
Department Public Bulletin.
Wednesday, July 26
During the day, an unknown dri
ver struck a fire hydrant on Stock
Farm Road and did not report it.
Thursday, July 27
During the day, an unknown sus
pect stole a Nintendo and video
iPod from two roommates at Grove
Mayfield.
Friday, July 28
At 6:50 p.m., two juveniles in
Stanford's summer session were
caught in a fighting match at the
Enchanted Broccoli Forest. One
sustained minor injuries and was
transported to Stanford ER.
Three portable canopies were
reported stolen from an unlocked
garage of the Hillel Ziff House.
Sunday, July 30
At 12:10 a.m., a minor was found
in possession of marijuana at
Campus Drive and Alvarado Street.
