# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Bring in this .id and student body
card with you
Worth 50c on any
shoe repair job.
SHOE A NEAT ~
APPEARANCE
REPAIRING
SERVICE r .Lj* '"'m
in a 112 J^K
HURRY! J* "
UNITED
SHOE SERVICE
541 Emerson St. Near Mac's Smoke Shop
Bring in this .id and student body
card with you
Worth 50c on any
shoe repair job.
SHOE A NEAT ~
APPEARANCE
REPAIRING
SERVICE r .Lj* '"'m
in a 112 J^K
HURRY! J* "
UNITED
SHOE SERVICE
541 Emerson St. Near Mac's Smoke Shop
Bring in this .id and student body
card with you
Worth 50c on any
shoe repair job.
SHOE A NEAT ~
APPEARANCE
REPAIRING
SERVICE r .Lj* '"'m
in a 112 J^K
HURRY! J* "
UNITED
SHOE SERVICE
541 Emerson St. Near Mac's Smoke Shop
Bring in this .id and student body
card with you
Worth 50c on any
shoe repair job.
SHOE A NEAT ~
APPEARANCE
REPAIRING
SERVICE r .Lj* '"'m
in a 112 J^K
HURRY! J* "
UNITED
SHOE SERVICE
541 Emerson St. Near Mac's Smoke Shop
Bring in this .id and student body
card with you
Worth 50c on any
shoe repair job.
SHOE A NEAT ~
APPEARANCE
REPAIRING
SERVICE r .Lj* '"'m
in a 112 J^K
HURRY! J* "
UNITED
SHOE SERVICE
541 Emerson St. Near Mac's Smoke Shop
Bring in this .id and student body
card with you
Worth 50c on any
shoe repair job.
SHOE A NEAT ~
APPEARANCE
REPAIRING
SERVICE r .Lj* '"'m
in a 112 J^K
HURRY! J* "
UNITED
SHOE SERVICE
541 Emerson St. Near Mac's Smoke Shop
Bring in this .id and student body
card with you
Worth 50c on any
shoe repair job.
SHOE A NEAT ~
APPEARANCE
REPAIRING
SERVICE r .Lj* '"'m
in a 112 J^K
HURRY! J* "
UNITED
SHOE SERVICE
541 Emerson St. Near Mac's Smoke Shop
Bring in this .id and student body
card with you
Worth 50c on any
shoe repair job.
SHOE A NEAT ~
APPEARANCE
REPAIRING
SERVICE r .Lj* '"'m
in a 112 J^K
HURRY! J* "
UNITED
SHOE SERVICE
541 Emerson St. Near Mac's Smoke Shop
Bring in this .id and student body
card with you
Worth 50c on any
shoe repair job.
SHOE A NEAT ~
APPEARANCE
REPAIRING
SERVICE r .Lj* '"'m
in a 112 J^K
HURRY! J* "
UNITED
SHOE SERVICE
541 Emerson St. Near Mac's Smoke Shop
Bring in this .id and student body
card with you
Worth 50c on any
shoe repair job.
SHOE A NEAT ~
APPEARANCE
REPAIRING
SERVICE r .Lj* '"'m
in a 112 J^K
HURRY! J* "
UNITED
SHOE SERVICE
541 Emerson St. Near Mac's Smoke Shop
Bring in this .id and student body
card with you
Worth 50c on any
shoe repair job.
SHOE A NEAT ~
APPEARANCE
REPAIRING
SERVICE r .Lj* '"'m
in a 112 J^K
HURRY! J* "
UNITED
SHOE SERVICE
541 Emerson St. Near Mac's Smoke Shop
Bring in this .id and student body
card with you
Worth 50c on any
shoe repair job.
SHOE A NEAT ~
APPEARANCE
REPAIRING
SERVICE r .Lj* '"'m
in a 112 J^K
HURRY! J* "
UNITED
SHOE SERVICE
541 Emerson St. Near Mac's Smoke Shop
Bring in this .id and student body
card with you
Worth 50c on any
shoe repair job.
SHOE A NEAT ~
APPEARANCE
REPAIRING
SERVICE r .Lj* '"'m
in a 112 J^K
HURRY! J* "
UNITED
SHOE SERVICE
541 Emerson St. Near Mac's Smoke Shop
Bring in this .id and student body
card with you
Worth 50c on any
shoe repair job.
SHOE A NEAT ~
APPEARANCE
REPAIRING
SERVICE r .Lj* '"'m
in a 112 J^K
HURRY! J* "
UNITED
SHOE SERVICE
541 Emerson St. Near Mac's Smoke Shop
Bring in this .id and student body
card with you
Worth 50c on any
shoe repair job.
SHOE A NEAT ~
APPEARANCE
REPAIRING
SERVICE r .Lj* '"'m
in a 112 J^K
HURRY! J* "
UNITED
SHOE SERVICE
541 Emerson St. Near Mac's Smoke Shop
Bring in this .id and student body
card with you
Worth 50c on any
shoe repair job.
SHOE A NEAT ~
APPEARANCE
REPAIRING
SERVICE r .Lj* '"'m
in a 112 J^K
HURRY! J* "
UNITED
SHOE SERVICE
541 Emerson St. Near Mac's Smoke Shop
