# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
PROGRESS REPORT
so happy to be getting
the painting done, we
even kinda like that
paint where our hair
used to be.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
I
LISTEN TO THE
DUKE MANDELL
TRIO
Playing Cool
• • •
TONICHT ON
MINKOFFIANA
1 .
KZSU—9:OO p.m.
PROGRESS REPORT
so happy to be getting
the painting done, we
even kinda like that
paint where our hair
used to be.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
I
LISTEN TO THE
DUKE MANDELL
TRIO
Playing Cool
• • •
TONICHT ON
MINKOFFIANA
1 .
KZSU—9:OO p.m.
PROGRESS REPORT
so happy to be getting
the painting done, we
even kinda like that
paint where our hair
used to be.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
I
LISTEN TO THE
DUKE MANDELL
TRIO
Playing Cool
• • •
TONICHT ON
MINKOFFIANA
1 .
KZSU—9:OO p.m.
PROGRESS REPORT
so happy to be getting
the painting done, we
even kinda like that
paint where our hair
used to be.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
I
LISTEN TO THE
DUKE MANDELL
TRIO
Playing Cool
• • •
TONICHT ON
MINKOFFIANA
1 .
KZSU—9:OO p.m.
PROGRESS REPORT
so happy to be getting
the painting done, we
even kinda like that
paint where our hair
used to be.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
I
LISTEN TO THE
DUKE MANDELL
TRIO
Playing Cool
• • •
TONICHT ON
MINKOFFIANA
1 .
KZSU—9:OO p.m.
PROGRESS REPORT
so happy to be getting
the painting done, we
even kinda like that
paint where our hair
used to be.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
I
LISTEN TO THE
DUKE MANDELL
TRIO
Playing Cool
• • •
TONICHT ON
MINKOFFIANA
1 .
KZSU—9:OO p.m.
PROGRESS REPORT
so happy to be getting
the painting done, we
even kinda like that
paint where our hair
used to be.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
I
LISTEN TO THE
DUKE MANDELL
TRIO
Playing Cool
• • •
TONICHT ON
MINKOFFIANA
1 .
KZSU—9:OO p.m.
PROGRESS REPORT
so happy to be getting
the painting done, we
even kinda like that
paint where our hair
used to be.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
I
LISTEN TO THE
DUKE MANDELL
TRIO
Playing Cool
• • •
TONICHT ON
MINKOFFIANA
1 .
KZSU—9:OO p.m.
PROGRESS REPORT
so happy to be getting
the painting done, we
even kinda like that
paint where our hair
used to be.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
I
LISTEN TO THE
DUKE MANDELL
TRIO
Playing Cool
• • •
TONICHT ON
MINKOFFIANA
1 .
KZSU—9:OO p.m.
PROGRESS REPORT
so happy to be getting
the painting done, we
even kinda like that
paint where our hair
used to be.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
I
LISTEN TO THE
DUKE MANDELL
TRIO
Playing Cool
• • •
TONICHT ON
MINKOFFIANA
1 .
KZSU—9:OO p.m.
PROGRESS REPORT
so happy to be getting
the painting done, we
even kinda like that
paint where our hair
used to be.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
I
LISTEN TO THE
DUKE MANDELL
TRIO
Playing Cool
• • •
TONICHT ON
MINKOFFIANA
1 .
KZSU—9:OO p.m.
PROGRESS REPORT
so happy to be getting
the painting done, we
even kinda like that
paint where our hair
used to be.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
I
LISTEN TO THE
DUKE MANDELL
TRIO
Playing Cool
• • •
TONICHT ON
MINKOFFIANA
1 .
KZSU—9:OO p.m.
PROGRESS REPORT
so happy to be getting
the painting done, we
even kinda like that
paint where our hair
used to be.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
I
LISTEN TO THE
DUKE MANDELL
TRIO
Playing Cool
• • •
TONICHT ON
MINKOFFIANA
1 .
KZSU—9:OO p.m.
PROGRESS REPORT
so happy to be getting
the painting done, we
even kinda like that
paint where our hair
used to be.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
I
LISTEN TO THE
DUKE MANDELL
TRIO
Playing Cool
• • •
TONICHT ON
MINKOFFIANA
1 .
KZSU—9:OO p.m.
PROGRESS REPORT
so happy to be getting
the painting done, we
even kinda like that
paint where our hair
used to be.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
I
LISTEN TO THE
DUKE MANDELL
TRIO
Playing Cool
• • •
TONICHT ON
MINKOFFIANA
1 .
KZSU—9:OO p.m.
PROGRESS REPORT
so happy to be getting
the painting done, we
even kinda like that
paint where our hair
used to be.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave.
I
LISTEN TO THE
DUKE MANDELL
TRIO
Playing Cool
• • •
TONICHT ON
MINKOFFIANA
1 .
KZSU—9:OO p.m.
