# "STANFORD GRAD" IS TOPIC OF EUPHRONIA FORUM WEDNESDAY
## Alumni Secretary McDowell To Address Meeting In Discussion 
### 
John E. McDowell, Alumni Secretary,
will speak on "What Happens to a Stan
ford 'Grad' " at on open meeting of the
Euphronia Society, next Wednesday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Trophy Room of the
Old Union.
Following his talk, open discussion will
be held on the subject. It is expected
that the meeting will resolve into a dis
cussion of what college does for a man.
This problem is especially pertinent, due
to the nearness of graduation for the
class of 1925.
Mr. McDowell will discuss what an
education at Stanford means, and how
Stanford graduates compare in later life
with those of other universities. He is
most competent to speak on this subject,
because, as Alumni Secretary, he is the
one who keeps in closest touch with those
graduating.
A business meeting and tryouts for
membership will be held following the
discussion. All those wishing to become
members of the Euphronia Society must
attend two meetings and at one of these
speak for five minutes or under on any
subject they wish.
Those desiring to tryout are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
society, H. W. Peterson, or with W. L.
Gosslin, president.
Students graduating this quarter are
especially invited to attend the meeting.
The meeting is open to all interested.
—Vote "No" on Awards—
John E. McDowell, Alumni Secretary,
will speak on "What Happens to a Stan
ford 'Grad' " at on open meeting of the
Euphronia Society, next Wednesday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Trophy Room of the
Old Union.
Following his talk, open discussion will
be held on the subject. It is expected
that the meeting will resolve into a dis
cussion of what college does for a man.
This problem is especially pertinent, due
to the nearness of graduation for the
class of 1925.
Mr. McDowell will discuss what an
education at Stanford means, and how
Stanford graduates compare in later life
with those of other universities. He is
most competent to speak on this subject,
because, as Alumni Secretary, he is the
one who keeps in closest touch with those
graduating.
A business meeting and tryouts for
membership will be held following the
discussion. All those wishing to become
members of the Euphronia Society must
attend two meetings and at one of these
speak for five minutes or under on any
subject they wish.
Those desiring to tryout are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
society, H. W. Peterson, or with W. L.
Gosslin, president.
Students graduating this quarter are
especially invited to attend the meeting.
The meeting is open to all interested.
—Vote "No" on Awards—
John E. McDowell, Alumni Secretary,
will speak on "What Happens to a Stan
ford 'Grad' " at on open meeting of the
Euphronia Society, next Wednesday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Trophy Room of the
Old Union.
Following his talk, open discussion will
be held on the subject. It is expected
that the meeting will resolve into a dis
cussion of what college does for a man.
This problem is especially pertinent, due
to the nearness of graduation for the
class of 1925.
Mr. McDowell will discuss what an
education at Stanford means, and how
Stanford graduates compare in later life
with those of other universities. He is
most competent to speak on this subject,
because, as Alumni Secretary, he is the
one who keeps in closest touch with those
graduating.
A business meeting and tryouts for
membership will be held following the
discussion. All those wishing to become
members of the Euphronia Society must
attend two meetings and at one of these
speak for five minutes or under on any
subject they wish.
Those desiring to tryout are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
society, H. W. Peterson, or with W. L.
Gosslin, president.
Students graduating this quarter are
especially invited to attend the meeting.
The meeting is open to all interested.
—Vote "No" on Awards—
John E. McDowell, Alumni Secretary,
will speak on "What Happens to a Stan
ford 'Grad' " at on open meeting of the
Euphronia Society, next Wednesday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Trophy Room of the
Old Union.
Following his talk, open discussion will
be held on the subject. It is expected
that the meeting will resolve into a dis
cussion of what college does for a man.
This problem is especially pertinent, due
to the nearness of graduation for the
class of 1925.
Mr. McDowell will discuss what an
education at Stanford means, and how
Stanford graduates compare in later life
with those of other universities. He is
most competent to speak on this subject,
because, as Alumni Secretary, he is the
one who keeps in closest touch with those
graduating.
A business meeting and tryouts for
membership will be held following the
discussion. All those wishing to become
members of the Euphronia Society must
attend two meetings and at one of these
speak for five minutes or under on any
subject they wish.
Those desiring to tryout are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
society, H. W. Peterson, or with W. L.
Gosslin, president.
Students graduating this quarter are
especially invited to attend the meeting.
The meeting is open to all interested.
—Vote "No" on Awards—
John E. McDowell, Alumni Secretary,
will speak on "What Happens to a Stan
ford 'Grad' " at on open meeting of the
Euphronia Society, next Wednesday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Trophy Room of the
Old Union.
Following his talk, open discussion will
be held on the subject. It is expected
that the meeting will resolve into a dis
cussion of what college does for a man.
This problem is especially pertinent, due
to the nearness of graduation for the
class of 1925.
Mr. McDowell will discuss what an
education at Stanford means, and how
Stanford graduates compare in later life
with those of other universities. He is
most competent to speak on this subject,
because, as Alumni Secretary, he is the
one who keeps in closest touch with those
graduating.
A business meeting and tryouts for
membership will be held following the
discussion. All those wishing to become
members of the Euphronia Society must
attend two meetings and at one of these
speak for five minutes or under on any
subject they wish.
Those desiring to tryout are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
society, H. W. Peterson, or with W. L.
Gosslin, president.
Students graduating this quarter are
especially invited to attend the meeting.
The meeting is open to all interested.
—Vote "No" on Awards—
John E. McDowell, Alumni Secretary,
will speak on "What Happens to a Stan
ford 'Grad' " at on open meeting of the
Euphronia Society, next Wednesday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Trophy Room of the
Old Union.
Following his talk, open discussion will
be held on the subject. It is expected
that the meeting will resolve into a dis
cussion of what college does for a man.
This problem is especially pertinent, due
to the nearness of graduation for the
class of 1925.
Mr. McDowell will discuss what an
education at Stanford means, and how
Stanford graduates compare in later life
with those of other universities. He is
most competent to speak on this subject,
because, as Alumni Secretary, he is the
one who keeps in closest touch with those
graduating.
A business meeting and tryouts for
membership will be held following the
discussion. All those wishing to become
members of the Euphronia Society must
attend two meetings and at one of these
speak for five minutes or under on any
subject they wish.
Those desiring to tryout are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
society, H. W. Peterson, or with W. L.
Gosslin, president.
Students graduating this quarter are
especially invited to attend the meeting.
The meeting is open to all interested.
—Vote "No" on Awards—
John E. McDowell, Alumni Secretary,
will speak on "What Happens to a Stan
ford 'Grad' " at on open meeting of the
Euphronia Society, next Wednesday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Trophy Room of the
Old Union.
Following his talk, open discussion will
be held on the subject. It is expected
that the meeting will resolve into a dis
cussion of what college does for a man.
This problem is especially pertinent, due
to the nearness of graduation for the
class of 1925.
Mr. McDowell will discuss what an
education at Stanford means, and how
Stanford graduates compare in later life
with those of other universities. He is
most competent to speak on this subject,
because, as Alumni Secretary, he is the
one who keeps in closest touch with those
graduating.
A business meeting and tryouts for
membership will be held following the
discussion. All those wishing to become
members of the Euphronia Society must
attend two meetings and at one of these
speak for five minutes or under on any
subject they wish.
Those desiring to tryout are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
society, H. W. Peterson, or with W. L.
Gosslin, president.
Students graduating this quarter are
especially invited to attend the meeting.
The meeting is open to all interested.
—Vote "No" on Awards—
John E. McDowell, Alumni Secretary,
will speak on "What Happens to a Stan
ford 'Grad' " at on open meeting of the
Euphronia Society, next Wednesday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Trophy Room of the
Old Union.
Following his talk, open discussion will
be held on the subject. It is expected
that the meeting will resolve into a dis
cussion of what college does for a man.
This problem is especially pertinent, due
to the nearness of graduation for the
class of 1925.
Mr. McDowell will discuss what an
education at Stanford means, and how
Stanford graduates compare in later life
with those of other universities. He is
most competent to speak on this subject,
because, as Alumni Secretary, he is the
one who keeps in closest touch with those
graduating.
A business meeting and tryouts for
membership will be held following the
discussion. All those wishing to become
members of the Euphronia Society must
attend two meetings and at one of these
speak for five minutes or under on any
subject they wish.
Those desiring to tryout are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
society, H. W. Peterson, or with W. L.
Gosslin, president.
Students graduating this quarter are
especially invited to attend the meeting.
The meeting is open to all interested.
—Vote "No" on Awards—
John E. McDowell, Alumni Secretary,
will speak on "What Happens to a Stan
ford 'Grad' " at on open meeting of the
Euphronia Society, next Wednesday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Trophy Room of the
Old Union.
Following his talk, open discussion will
be held on the subject. It is expected
that the meeting will resolve into a dis
cussion of what college does for a man.
This problem is especially pertinent, due
to the nearness of graduation for the
class of 1925.
Mr. McDowell will discuss what an
education at Stanford means, and how
Stanford graduates compare in later life
with those of other universities. He is
most competent to speak on this subject,
because, as Alumni Secretary, he is the
one who keeps in closest touch with those
graduating.
A business meeting and tryouts for
membership will be held following the
discussion. All those wishing to become
members of the Euphronia Society must
attend two meetings and at one of these
speak for five minutes or under on any
subject they wish.
Those desiring to tryout are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
society, H. W. Peterson, or with W. L.
Gosslin, president.
Students graduating this quarter are
especially invited to attend the meeting.
The meeting is open to all interested.
—Vote "No" on Awards—
John E. McDowell, Alumni Secretary,
will speak on "What Happens to a Stan
ford 'Grad' " at on open meeting of the
Euphronia Society, next Wednesday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Trophy Room of the
Old Union.
Following his talk, open discussion will
be held on the subject. It is expected
that the meeting will resolve into a dis
cussion of what college does for a man.
This problem is especially pertinent, due
to the nearness of graduation for the
class of 1925.
Mr. McDowell will discuss what an
education at Stanford means, and how
Stanford graduates compare in later life
with those of other universities. He is
most competent to speak on this subject,
because, as Alumni Secretary, he is the
one who keeps in closest touch with those
graduating.
A business meeting and tryouts for
membership will be held following the
discussion. All those wishing to become
members of the Euphronia Society must
attend two meetings and at one of these
speak for five minutes or under on any
subject they wish.
Those desiring to tryout are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
society, H. W. Peterson, or with W. L.
Gosslin, president.
Students graduating this quarter are
especially invited to attend the meeting.
The meeting is open to all interested.
—Vote "No" on Awards—
John E. McDowell, Alumni Secretary,
will speak on "What Happens to a Stan
ford 'Grad' " at on open meeting of the
Euphronia Society, next Wednesday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Trophy Room of the
Old Union.
Following his talk, open discussion will
be held on the subject. It is expected
that the meeting will resolve into a dis
cussion of what college does for a man.
This problem is especially pertinent, due
to the nearness of graduation for the
class of 1925.
Mr. McDowell will discuss what an
education at Stanford means, and how
Stanford graduates compare in later life
with those of other universities. He is
most competent to speak on this subject,
because, as Alumni Secretary, he is the
one who keeps in closest touch with those
graduating.
A business meeting and tryouts for
membership will be held following the
discussion. All those wishing to become
members of the Euphronia Society must
attend two meetings and at one of these
speak for five minutes or under on any
subject they wish.
Those desiring to tryout are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
society, H. W. Peterson, or with W. L.
Gosslin, president.
Students graduating this quarter are
especially invited to attend the meeting.
The meeting is open to all interested.
—Vote "No" on Awards—
John E. McDowell, Alumni Secretary,
will speak on "What Happens to a Stan
ford 'Grad' " at on open meeting of the
Euphronia Society, next Wednesday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Trophy Room of the
Old Union.
Following his talk, open discussion will
be held on the subject. It is expected
that the meeting will resolve into a dis
cussion of what college does for a man.
This problem is especially pertinent, due
to the nearness of graduation for the
class of 1925.
Mr. McDowell will discuss what an
education at Stanford means, and how
Stanford graduates compare in later life
with those of other universities. He is
most competent to speak on this subject,
because, as Alumni Secretary, he is the
one who keeps in closest touch with those
graduating.
A business meeting and tryouts for
membership will be held following the
discussion. All those wishing to become
members of the Euphronia Society must
attend two meetings and at one of these
speak for five minutes or under on any
subject they wish.
Those desiring to tryout are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
society, H. W. Peterson, or with W. L.
Gosslin, president.
Students graduating this quarter are
especially invited to attend the meeting.
The meeting is open to all interested.
—Vote "No" on Awards—
John E. McDowell, Alumni Secretary,
will speak on "What Happens to a Stan
ford 'Grad' " at on open meeting of the
Euphronia Society, next Wednesday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Trophy Room of the
Old Union.
Following his talk, open discussion will
be held on the subject. It is expected
that the meeting will resolve into a dis
cussion of what college does for a man.
This problem is especially pertinent, due
to the nearness of graduation for the
class of 1925.
Mr. McDowell will discuss what an
education at Stanford means, and how
Stanford graduates compare in later life
with those of other universities. He is
most competent to speak on this subject,
because, as Alumni Secretary, he is the
one who keeps in closest touch with those
graduating.
A business meeting and tryouts for
membership will be held following the
discussion. All those wishing to become
members of the Euphronia Society must
attend two meetings and at one of these
speak for five minutes or under on any
subject they wish.
Those desiring to tryout are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
society, H. W. Peterson, or with W. L.
Gosslin, president.
Students graduating this quarter are
especially invited to attend the meeting.
The meeting is open to all interested.
—Vote "No" on Awards—
John E. McDowell, Alumni Secretary,
will speak on "What Happens to a Stan
ford 'Grad' " at on open meeting of the
Euphronia Society, next Wednesday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Trophy Room of the
Old Union.
Following his talk, open discussion will
be held on the subject. It is expected
that the meeting will resolve into a dis
cussion of what college does for a man.
This problem is especially pertinent, due
to the nearness of graduation for the
class of 1925.
Mr. McDowell will discuss what an
education at Stanford means, and how
Stanford graduates compare in later life
with those of other universities. He is
most competent to speak on this subject,
because, as Alumni Secretary, he is the
one who keeps in closest touch with those
graduating.
A business meeting and tryouts for
membership will be held following the
discussion. All those wishing to become
members of the Euphronia Society must
attend two meetings and at one of these
speak for five minutes or under on any
subject they wish.
Those desiring to tryout are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
society, H. W. Peterson, or with W. L.
Gosslin, president.
Students graduating this quarter are
especially invited to attend the meeting.
The meeting is open to all interested.
—Vote "No" on Awards—
John E. McDowell, Alumni Secretary,
will speak on "What Happens to a Stan
ford 'Grad' " at on open meeting of the
Euphronia Society, next Wednesday eve
ning at 7:30 in the Trophy Room of the
Old Union.
Following his talk, open discussion will
be held on the subject. It is expected
that the meeting will resolve into a dis
cussion of what college does for a man.
This problem is especially pertinent, due
to the nearness of graduation for the
class of 1925.
Mr. McDowell will discuss what an
education at Stanford means, and how
Stanford graduates compare in later life
with those of other universities. He is
most competent to speak on this subject,
because, as Alumni Secretary, he is the
one who keeps in closest touch with those
graduating.
A business meeting and tryouts for
membership will be held following the
discussion. All those wishing to become
members of the Euphronia Society must
attend two meetings and at one of these
speak for five minutes or under on any
subject they wish.
Those desiring to tryout are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
society, H. W. Peterson, or with W. L.
Gosslin, president.
Students graduating this quarter are
especially invited to attend the meeting.
The meeting is open to all interested.
—Vote "No" on Awards—
