# PROFESSOR WILDMAN TO ATTEND EASTERN COMMERCE MEETING
## 
### 
Professor M. S. Wildman, of the
Economics department, has been called
East on a ten days trip to attend the
annual meeting of the Committee on
Statistics and Standards, of the United
States Chamber of Commerce. The
committee will meet on April 2f> in
Atlantic City, to discuss methods of j
conducting investigations and gather-1
ing statistics. Professor Wildman will j
represent Stanford University and the j
Pacific Coast at this conference.
The United States Chamber of Com
merce is a national federation of
chambers of commerce, together with
private corporations and individuals,
with the purpose of furthering the in
terests of business men which are na- :
tional in Bcope. The Statistics and
Standards Committee is planning to
gather data on the housing and con
struction problem throughout, the
country.
Professor M. S. Wildman, of the
Economics department, has been called
East on a ten days trip to attend the
annual meeting of the Committee on
Statistics and Standards, of the United
States Chamber of Commerce. The
committee will meet on April 2f> in
Atlantic City, to discuss methods of j
conducting investigations and gather-1
ing statistics. Professor Wildman will j
represent Stanford University and the j
Pacific Coast at this conference.
The United States Chamber of Com
merce is a national federation of
chambers of commerce, together with
private corporations and individuals,
with the purpose of furthering the in
terests of business men which are na- :
tional in Bcope. The Statistics and
Standards Committee is planning to
gather data on the housing and con
struction problem throughout, the
country.
Professor M. S. Wildman, of the
Economics department, has been called
East on a ten days trip to attend the
annual meeting of the Committee on
Statistics and Standards, of the United
States Chamber of Commerce. The
committee will meet on April 2f> in
Atlantic City, to discuss methods of j
conducting investigations and gather-1
ing statistics. Professor Wildman will j
represent Stanford University and the j
Pacific Coast at this conference.
The United States Chamber of Com
merce is a national federation of
chambers of commerce, together with
private corporations and individuals,
with the purpose of furthering the in
terests of business men which are na- :
tional in Bcope. The Statistics and
Standards Committee is planning to
gather data on the housing and con
struction problem throughout, the
country.
Professor M. S. Wildman, of the
Economics department, has been called
East on a ten days trip to attend the
annual meeting of the Committee on
Statistics and Standards, of the United
States Chamber of Commerce. The
committee will meet on April 2f> in
Atlantic City, to discuss methods of j
conducting investigations and gather-1
ing statistics. Professor Wildman will j
represent Stanford University and the j
Pacific Coast at this conference.
The United States Chamber of Com
merce is a national federation of
chambers of commerce, together with
private corporations and individuals,
with the purpose of furthering the in
terests of business men which are na- :
tional in Bcope. The Statistics and
Standards Committee is planning to
gather data on the housing and con
struction problem throughout, the
country.
Professor M. S. Wildman, of the
Economics department, has been called
East on a ten days trip to attend the
annual meeting of the Committee on
Statistics and Standards, of the United
States Chamber of Commerce. The
committee will meet on April 2f> in
Atlantic City, to discuss methods of j
conducting investigations and gather-1
ing statistics. Professor Wildman will j
represent Stanford University and the j
Pacific Coast at this conference.
The United States Chamber of Com
merce is a national federation of
chambers of commerce, together with
private corporations and individuals,
with the purpose of furthering the in
terests of business men which are na- :
tional in Bcope. The Statistics and
Standards Committee is planning to
gather data on the housing and con
struction problem throughout, the
country.
Professor M. S. Wildman, of the
Economics department, has been called
East on a ten days trip to attend the
annual meeting of the Committee on
Statistics and Standards, of the United
States Chamber of Commerce. The
committee will meet on April 2f> in
Atlantic City, to discuss methods of j
conducting investigations and gather-1
ing statistics. Professor Wildman will j
represent Stanford University and the j
Pacific Coast at this conference.
The United States Chamber of Com
merce is a national federation of
chambers of commerce, together with
private corporations and individuals,
with the purpose of furthering the in
terests of business men which are na- :
tional in Bcope. The Statistics and
Standards Committee is planning to
gather data on the housing and con
struction problem throughout, the
country.
Professor M. S. Wildman, of the
Economics department, has been called
East on a ten days trip to attend the
annual meeting of the Committee on
Statistics and Standards, of the United
States Chamber of Commerce. The
committee will meet on April 2f> in
Atlantic City, to discuss methods of j
conducting investigations and gather-1
ing statistics. Professor Wildman will j
represent Stanford University and the j
Pacific Coast at this conference.
The United States Chamber of Com
merce is a national federation of
chambers of commerce, together with
private corporations and individuals,
with the purpose of furthering the in
terests of business men which are na- :
tional in Bcope. The Statistics and
Standards Committee is planning to
gather data on the housing and con
struction problem throughout, the
country.
Professor M. S. Wildman, of the
Economics department, has been called
East on a ten days trip to attend the
annual meeting of the Committee on
Statistics and Standards, of the United
States Chamber of Commerce. The
committee will meet on April 2f> in
Atlantic City, to discuss methods of j
conducting investigations and gather-1
ing statistics. Professor Wildman will j
represent Stanford University and the j
Pacific Coast at this conference.
The United States Chamber of Com
merce is a national federation of
chambers of commerce, together with
private corporations and individuals,
with the purpose of furthering the in
terests of business men which are na- :
tional in Bcope. The Statistics and
Standards Committee is planning to
gather data on the housing and con
struction problem throughout, the
country.
Professor M. S. Wildman, of the
Economics department, has been called
East on a ten days trip to attend the
annual meeting of the Committee on
Statistics and Standards, of the United
States Chamber of Commerce. The
committee will meet on April 2f> in
Atlantic City, to discuss methods of j
conducting investigations and gather-1
ing statistics. Professor Wildman will j
represent Stanford University and the j
Pacific Coast at this conference.
The United States Chamber of Com
merce is a national federation of
chambers of commerce, together with
private corporations and individuals,
with the purpose of furthering the in
terests of business men which are na- :
tional in Bcope. The Statistics and
Standards Committee is planning to
gather data on the housing and con
struction problem throughout, the
country.
Professor M. S. Wildman, of the
Economics department, has been called
East on a ten days trip to attend the
annual meeting of the Committee on
Statistics and Standards, of the United
States Chamber of Commerce. The
committee will meet on April 2f> in
Atlantic City, to discuss methods of j
conducting investigations and gather-1
ing statistics. Professor Wildman will j
represent Stanford University and the j
Pacific Coast at this conference.
The United States Chamber of Com
merce is a national federation of
chambers of commerce, together with
private corporations and individuals,
with the purpose of furthering the in
terests of business men which are na- :
tional in Bcope. The Statistics and
Standards Committee is planning to
gather data on the housing and con
struction problem throughout, the
country.
Professor M. S. Wildman, of the
Economics department, has been called
East on a ten days trip to attend the
annual meeting of the Committee on
Statistics and Standards, of the United
States Chamber of Commerce. The
committee will meet on April 2f> in
Atlantic City, to discuss methods of j
conducting investigations and gather-1
ing statistics. Professor Wildman will j
represent Stanford University and the j
Pacific Coast at this conference.
The United States Chamber of Com
merce is a national federation of
chambers of commerce, together with
private corporations and individuals,
with the purpose of furthering the in
terests of business men which are na- :
tional in Bcope. The Statistics and
Standards Committee is planning to
gather data on the housing and con
struction problem throughout, the
country.
Professor M. S. Wildman, of the
Economics department, has been called
East on a ten days trip to attend the
annual meeting of the Committee on
Statistics and Standards, of the United
States Chamber of Commerce. The
committee will meet on April 2f> in
Atlantic City, to discuss methods of j
conducting investigations and gather-1
ing statistics. Professor Wildman will j
represent Stanford University and the j
Pacific Coast at this conference.
The United States Chamber of Com
merce is a national federation of
chambers of commerce, together with
private corporations and individuals,
with the purpose of furthering the in
terests of business men which are na- :
tional in Bcope. The Statistics and
Standards Committee is planning to
gather data on the housing and con
struction problem throughout, the
country.
Professor M. S. Wildman, of the
Economics department, has been called
East on a ten days trip to attend the
annual meeting of the Committee on
Statistics and Standards, of the United
States Chamber of Commerce. The
committee will meet on April 2f> in
Atlantic City, to discuss methods of j
conducting investigations and gather-1
ing statistics. Professor Wildman will j
represent Stanford University and the j
Pacific Coast at this conference.
The United States Chamber of Com
merce is a national federation of
chambers of commerce, together with
private corporations and individuals,
with the purpose of furthering the in
terests of business men which are na- :
tional in Bcope. The Statistics and
Standards Committee is planning to
gather data on the housing and con
struction problem throughout, the
country.
