# Tournament Schedules For Tennis Classes Announced
## 
### 
All men who are signed up for ten
nis at hours other than 4 to 6, should
watch the bulletin board in Encina
Gymnasium l'or a schedule of class
tennis tournaments to be posted soon.
Tournaments aro being played off in
all tennis classes this year, both as
a means of stimulating interest in the
work cf the class and as an uid in dis
covering possible material for inter
collegiate tennis.
All men who are signed up for ten
nis at hours other than 4 to 6, should
watch the bulletin board in Encina
Gymnasium l'or a schedule of class
tennis tournaments to be posted soon.
Tournaments aro being played off in
all tennis classes this year, both as
a means of stimulating interest in the
work cf the class and as an uid in dis
covering possible material for inter
collegiate tennis.
All men who are signed up for ten
nis at hours other than 4 to 6, should
watch the bulletin board in Encina
Gymnasium l'or a schedule of class
tennis tournaments to be posted soon.
Tournaments aro being played off in
all tennis classes this year, both as
a means of stimulating interest in the
work cf the class and as an uid in dis
covering possible material for inter
collegiate tennis.
All men who are signed up for ten
nis at hours other than 4 to 6, should
watch the bulletin board in Encina
Gymnasium l'or a schedule of class
tennis tournaments to be posted soon.
Tournaments aro being played off in
all tennis classes this year, both as
a means of stimulating interest in the
work cf the class and as an uid in dis
covering possible material for inter
collegiate tennis.
All men who are signed up for ten
nis at hours other than 4 to 6, should
watch the bulletin board in Encina
Gymnasium l'or a schedule of class
tennis tournaments to be posted soon.
Tournaments aro being played off in
all tennis classes this year, both as
a means of stimulating interest in the
work cf the class and as an uid in dis
covering possible material for inter
collegiate tennis.
All men who are signed up for ten
nis at hours other than 4 to 6, should
watch the bulletin board in Encina
Gymnasium l'or a schedule of class
tennis tournaments to be posted soon.
Tournaments aro being played off in
all tennis classes this year, both as
a means of stimulating interest in the
work cf the class and as an uid in dis
covering possible material for inter
collegiate tennis.
All men who are signed up for ten
nis at hours other than 4 to 6, should
watch the bulletin board in Encina
Gymnasium l'or a schedule of class
tennis tournaments to be posted soon.
Tournaments aro being played off in
all tennis classes this year, both as
a means of stimulating interest in the
work cf the class and as an uid in dis
covering possible material for inter
collegiate tennis.
All men who are signed up for ten
nis at hours other than 4 to 6, should
watch the bulletin board in Encina
Gymnasium l'or a schedule of class
tennis tournaments to be posted soon.
Tournaments aro being played off in
all tennis classes this year, both as
a means of stimulating interest in the
work cf the class and as an uid in dis
covering possible material for inter
collegiate tennis.
All men who are signed up for ten
nis at hours other than 4 to 6, should
watch the bulletin board in Encina
Gymnasium l'or a schedule of class
tennis tournaments to be posted soon.
Tournaments aro being played off in
all tennis classes this year, both as
a means of stimulating interest in the
work cf the class and as an uid in dis
covering possible material for inter
collegiate tennis.
All men who are signed up for ten
nis at hours other than 4 to 6, should
watch the bulletin board in Encina
Gymnasium l'or a schedule of class
tennis tournaments to be posted soon.
Tournaments aro being played off in
all tennis classes this year, both as
a means of stimulating interest in the
work cf the class and as an uid in dis
covering possible material for inter
collegiate tennis.
All men who are signed up for ten
nis at hours other than 4 to 6, should
watch the bulletin board in Encina
Gymnasium l'or a schedule of class
tennis tournaments to be posted soon.
Tournaments aro being played off in
all tennis classes this year, both as
a means of stimulating interest in the
work cf the class and as an uid in dis
covering possible material for inter
collegiate tennis.
All men who are signed up for ten
nis at hours other than 4 to 6, should
watch the bulletin board in Encina
Gymnasium l'or a schedule of class
tennis tournaments to be posted soon.
Tournaments aro being played off in
all tennis classes this year, both as
a means of stimulating interest in the
work cf the class and as an uid in dis
covering possible material for inter
collegiate tennis.
All men who are signed up for ten
nis at hours other than 4 to 6, should
watch the bulletin board in Encina
Gymnasium l'or a schedule of class
tennis tournaments to be posted soon.
Tournaments aro being played off in
all tennis classes this year, both as
a means of stimulating interest in the
work cf the class and as an uid in dis
covering possible material for inter
collegiate tennis.
