# TALK OF ATTORNEYS NAMED AS SENTENCE IN EUPHRONIA TRIAL
## 
### 
Some startling discoveries were
brought to light at the trial of Eu
phroma Debating Society in the Law
Building yesterday evening. Incident
ally tbe accused was convicted. The
sentence pronounced waa extreme, as
the visitors at the trial way testify
for thoy endured almost the same
punishment <hem.selves. It read. "The
prisoner shall be bound, gagged, and
tied to a stake in the center of the
Quad and be compelled to hear these
attorneys argue for one hour each."
The prisoner's face grew white as he
heard the dire sentence and he plead
ed for mercy but the judge yielded
not.
Among the discoveries were that
one of the, witnesses knew every wo
man of the "500" and had sufficient
funds to queen them all. Two wit
nesses had the audacity to pose as ■
authorities on queening and defined!
"proper queening" to depend largely'
on taxies, "Sticky's." early hours —if
to the first show not later than 9:30.
The witnesses for the defense told
their stories with painful exactness
and the case seamed won, but —their
testimony was given for the wrong
date. Another inconsistency of evi
dence was that the accused had a body
guard of over a dozen throughout the
evening and none of these detectives
knew that the other was around.
