# Untitled Article
## 
### 

STANFORD'S FAVORITE spring and summer resort, Lake Lagunita, looks like this every sunny
afternoon. These crowds, and more, are expected at the lake tomorow afternoon from 2 to 5
when the Class of 1951 presents the Junior Splash—the Farm's annual water carnival.

STANFORD'S FAVORITE spring and summer resort, Lake Lagunita, looks like this every sunny
afternoon. These crowds, and more, are expected at the lake tomorow afternoon from 2 to 5
when the Class of 1951 presents the Junior Splash—the Farm's annual water carnival.

STANFORD'S FAVORITE spring and summer resort, Lake Lagunita, looks like this every sunny
afternoon. These crowds, and more, are expected at the lake tomorow afternoon from 2 to 5
when the Class of 1951 presents the Junior Splash—the Farm's annual water carnival.

STANFORD'S FAVORITE spring and summer resort, Lake Lagunita, looks like this every sunny
afternoon. These crowds, and more, are expected at the lake tomorow afternoon from 2 to 5
when the Class of 1951 presents the Junior Splash—the Farm's annual water carnival.

STANFORD'S FAVORITE spring and summer resort, Lake Lagunita, looks like this every sunny
afternoon. These crowds, and more, are expected at the lake tomorow afternoon from 2 to 5
when the Class of 1951 presents the Junior Splash—the Farm's annual water carnival.

STANFORD'S FAVORITE spring and summer resort, Lake Lagunita, looks like this every sunny
afternoon. These crowds, and more, are expected at the lake tomorow afternoon from 2 to 5
when the Class of 1951 presents the Junior Splash—the Farm's annual water carnival.

STANFORD'S FAVORITE spring and summer resort, Lake Lagunita, looks like this every sunny
afternoon. These crowds, and more, are expected at the lake tomorow afternoon from 2 to 5
when the Class of 1951 presents the Junior Splash—the Farm's annual water carnival.

STANFORD'S FAVORITE spring and summer resort, Lake Lagunita, looks like this every sunny
afternoon. These crowds, and more, are expected at the lake tomorow afternoon from 2 to 5
when the Class of 1951 presents the Junior Splash—the Farm's annual water carnival.

STANFORD'S FAVORITE spring and summer resort, Lake Lagunita, looks like this every sunny
afternoon. These crowds, and more, are expected at the lake tomorow afternoon from 2 to 5
when the Class of 1951 presents the Junior Splash—the Farm's annual water carnival.

STANFORD'S FAVORITE spring and summer resort, Lake Lagunita, looks like this every sunny
afternoon. These crowds, and more, are expected at the lake tomorow afternoon from 2 to 5
when the Class of 1951 presents the Junior Splash—the Farm's annual water carnival.

STANFORD'S FAVORITE spring and summer resort, Lake Lagunita, looks like this every sunny
afternoon. These crowds, and more, are expected at the lake tomorow afternoon from 2 to 5
when the Class of 1951 presents the Junior Splash—the Farm's annual water carnival.

STANFORD'S FAVORITE spring and summer resort, Lake Lagunita, looks like this every sunny
afternoon. These crowds, and more, are expected at the lake tomorow afternoon from 2 to 5
when the Class of 1951 presents the Junior Splash—the Farm's annual water carnival.

STANFORD'S FAVORITE spring and summer resort, Lake Lagunita, looks like this every sunny
afternoon. These crowds, and more, are expected at the lake tomorow afternoon from 2 to 5
when the Class of 1951 presents the Junior Splash—the Farm's annual water carnival.

STANFORD'S FAVORITE spring and summer resort, Lake Lagunita, looks like this every sunny
afternoon. These crowds, and more, are expected at the lake tomorow afternoon from 2 to 5
when the Class of 1951 presents the Junior Splash—the Farm's annual water carnival.
