# MEN'S POOL OPEN
## 
### 
For the benefit of men students
wishing to go swimming on Sunday
afternoons, the Encina pool will be
opened from 1 to 4 in the afternoon
beginning this Sunday, announced
Director of Athletics A 1 Masters.
The rest of the Encina gym will
not he open. The pool will be open
as long as there is student demand,
said Masters. A life guard will be
on duty.
For the benefit of men students
wishing to go swimming on Sunday
afternoons, the Encina pool will be
opened from 1 to 4 in the afternoon
beginning this Sunday, announced
Director of Athletics A 1 Masters.
The rest of the Encina gym will
not he open. The pool will be open
as long as there is student demand,
said Masters. A life guard will be
on duty.
For the benefit of men students
wishing to go swimming on Sunday
afternoons, the Encina pool will be
opened from 1 to 4 in the afternoon
beginning this Sunday, announced
Director of Athletics A 1 Masters.
The rest of the Encina gym will
not he open. The pool will be open
as long as there is student demand,
said Masters. A life guard will be
on duty.
For the benefit of men students
wishing to go swimming on Sunday
afternoons, the Encina pool will be
opened from 1 to 4 in the afternoon
beginning this Sunday, announced
Director of Athletics A 1 Masters.
The rest of the Encina gym will
not he open. The pool will be open
as long as there is student demand,
said Masters. A life guard will be
on duty.
For the benefit of men students
wishing to go swimming on Sunday
afternoons, the Encina pool will be
opened from 1 to 4 in the afternoon
beginning this Sunday, announced
Director of Athletics A 1 Masters.
The rest of the Encina gym will
not he open. The pool will be open
as long as there is student demand,
said Masters. A life guard will be
on duty.
For the benefit of men students
wishing to go swimming on Sunday
afternoons, the Encina pool will be
opened from 1 to 4 in the afternoon
beginning this Sunday, announced
Director of Athletics A 1 Masters.
The rest of the Encina gym will
not he open. The pool will be open
as long as there is student demand,
said Masters. A life guard will be
on duty.
For the benefit of men students
wishing to go swimming on Sunday
afternoons, the Encina pool will be
opened from 1 to 4 in the afternoon
beginning this Sunday, announced
Director of Athletics A 1 Masters.
The rest of the Encina gym will
not he open. The pool will be open
as long as there is student demand,
said Masters. A life guard will be
on duty.
For the benefit of men students
wishing to go swimming on Sunday
afternoons, the Encina pool will be
opened from 1 to 4 in the afternoon
beginning this Sunday, announced
Director of Athletics A 1 Masters.
The rest of the Encina gym will
not he open. The pool will be open
as long as there is student demand,
said Masters. A life guard will be
on duty.
For the benefit of men students
wishing to go swimming on Sunday
afternoons, the Encina pool will be
opened from 1 to 4 in the afternoon
beginning this Sunday, announced
Director of Athletics A 1 Masters.
The rest of the Encina gym will
not he open. The pool will be open
as long as there is student demand,
said Masters. A life guard will be
on duty.
For the benefit of men students
wishing to go swimming on Sunday
afternoons, the Encina pool will be
opened from 1 to 4 in the afternoon
beginning this Sunday, announced
Director of Athletics A 1 Masters.
The rest of the Encina gym will
not he open. The pool will be open
as long as there is student demand,
said Masters. A life guard will be
on duty.
For the benefit of men students
wishing to go swimming on Sunday
afternoons, the Encina pool will be
opened from 1 to 4 in the afternoon
beginning this Sunday, announced
Director of Athletics A 1 Masters.
The rest of the Encina gym will
not he open. The pool will be open
as long as there is student demand,
said Masters. A life guard will be
on duty.
For the benefit of men students
wishing to go swimming on Sunday
afternoons, the Encina pool will be
opened from 1 to 4 in the afternoon
beginning this Sunday, announced
Director of Athletics A 1 Masters.
The rest of the Encina gym will
not he open. The pool will be open
as long as there is student demand,
said Masters. A life guard will be
on duty.
For the benefit of men students
wishing to go swimming on Sunday
afternoons, the Encina pool will be
opened from 1 to 4 in the afternoon
beginning this Sunday, announced
Director of Athletics A 1 Masters.
The rest of the Encina gym will
not he open. The pool will be open
as long as there is student demand,
said Masters. A life guard will be
on duty.
For the benefit of men students
wishing to go swimming on Sunday
afternoons, the Encina pool will be
opened from 1 to 4 in the afternoon
beginning this Sunday, announced
Director of Athletics A 1 Masters.
The rest of the Encina gym will
not he open. The pool will be open
as long as there is student demand,
said Masters. A life guard will be
on duty.
