# CARRUTH RESUMES LECTURES
## 
### 
Professor W. H. Carruth of the Eng
lish Department will resume his series
of weekly lectures at the Pacific
School for the Ministry, Friday. His
subject will be "The Religion of the
English Poets."
Professor W. H. Carruth of the Eng
lish Department will resume his series
of weekly lectures at the Pacific
School for the Ministry, Friday. His
subject will be "The Religion of the
English Poets."
Professor W. H. Carruth of the Eng
lish Department will resume his series
of weekly lectures at the Pacific
School for the Ministry, Friday. His
subject will be "The Religion of the
English Poets."
Professor W. H. Carruth of the Eng
lish Department will resume his series
of weekly lectures at the Pacific
School for the Ministry, Friday. His
subject will be "The Religion of the
English Poets."
Professor W. H. Carruth of the Eng
lish Department will resume his series
of weekly lectures at the Pacific
School for the Ministry, Friday. His
subject will be "The Religion of the
English Poets."
Professor W. H. Carruth of the Eng
lish Department will resume his series
of weekly lectures at the Pacific
School for the Ministry, Friday. His
subject will be "The Religion of the
English Poets."
Professor W. H. Carruth of the Eng
lish Department will resume his series
of weekly lectures at the Pacific
School for the Ministry, Friday. His
subject will be "The Religion of the
English Poets."
Professor W. H. Carruth of the Eng
lish Department will resume his series
of weekly lectures at the Pacific
School for the Ministry, Friday. His
subject will be "The Religion of the
English Poets."
Professor W. H. Carruth of the Eng
lish Department will resume his series
of weekly lectures at the Pacific
School for the Ministry, Friday. His
subject will be "The Religion of the
English Poets."
Professor W. H. Carruth of the Eng
lish Department will resume his series
of weekly lectures at the Pacific
School for the Ministry, Friday. His
subject will be "The Religion of the
English Poets."
Professor W. H. Carruth of the Eng
lish Department will resume his series
of weekly lectures at the Pacific
School for the Ministry, Friday. His
subject will be "The Religion of the
English Poets."
Professor W. H. Carruth of the Eng
lish Department will resume his series
of weekly lectures at the Pacific
School for the Ministry, Friday. His
subject will be "The Religion of the
English Poets."
