# Herbert C. Hoover Registers From Here
## 
### 
Herbert Hoover's registration blank
was filed at the County Clerk's office in
San Jose late Monday afternoon. Mrs.
Hoover's blank was received at the same
time from New York. Although regis
tration for the primaries was closed,
both blanks are on file for the June elec
tions. when the Hoover's expect to be at
home to exercise their franchise. Hoover
and his wife both gave their partv as
"Republican" and their home as "Palo
Alto."
Herbert Hoover's registration blank
was filed at the County Clerk's office in
San Jose late Monday afternoon. Mrs.
Hoover's blank was received at the same
time from New York. Although regis
tration for the primaries was closed,
both blanks are on file for the June elec
tions. when the Hoover's expect to be at
home to exercise their franchise. Hoover
and his wife both gave their partv as
"Republican" and their home as "Palo
Alto."
Herbert Hoover's registration blank
was filed at the County Clerk's office in
San Jose late Monday afternoon. Mrs.
Hoover's blank was received at the same
time from New York. Although regis
tration for the primaries was closed,
both blanks are on file for the June elec
tions. when the Hoover's expect to be at
home to exercise their franchise. Hoover
and his wife both gave their partv as
"Republican" and their home as "Palo
Alto."
Herbert Hoover's registration blank
was filed at the County Clerk's office in
San Jose late Monday afternoon. Mrs.
Hoover's blank was received at the same
time from New York. Although regis
tration for the primaries was closed,
both blanks are on file for the June elec
tions. when the Hoover's expect to be at
home to exercise their franchise. Hoover
and his wife both gave their partv as
"Republican" and their home as "Palo
Alto."
Herbert Hoover's registration blank
was filed at the County Clerk's office in
San Jose late Monday afternoon. Mrs.
Hoover's blank was received at the same
time from New York. Although regis
tration for the primaries was closed,
both blanks are on file for the June elec
tions. when the Hoover's expect to be at
home to exercise their franchise. Hoover
and his wife both gave their partv as
"Republican" and their home as "Palo
Alto."
Herbert Hoover's registration blank
was filed at the County Clerk's office in
San Jose late Monday afternoon. Mrs.
Hoover's blank was received at the same
time from New York. Although regis
tration for the primaries was closed,
both blanks are on file for the June elec
tions. when the Hoover's expect to be at
home to exercise their franchise. Hoover
and his wife both gave their partv as
"Republican" and their home as "Palo
Alto."
Herbert Hoover's registration blank
was filed at the County Clerk's office in
San Jose late Monday afternoon. Mrs.
Hoover's blank was received at the same
time from New York. Although regis
tration for the primaries was closed,
both blanks are on file for the June elec
tions. when the Hoover's expect to be at
home to exercise their franchise. Hoover
and his wife both gave their partv as
"Republican" and their home as "Palo
Alto."
Herbert Hoover's registration blank
was filed at the County Clerk's office in
San Jose late Monday afternoon. Mrs.
Hoover's blank was received at the same
time from New York. Although regis
tration for the primaries was closed,
both blanks are on file for the June elec
tions. when the Hoover's expect to be at
home to exercise their franchise. Hoover
and his wife both gave their partv as
"Republican" and their home as "Palo
Alto."
Herbert Hoover's registration blank
was filed at the County Clerk's office in
San Jose late Monday afternoon. Mrs.
Hoover's blank was received at the same
time from New York. Although regis
tration for the primaries was closed,
both blanks are on file for the June elec
tions. when the Hoover's expect to be at
home to exercise their franchise. Hoover
and his wife both gave their partv as
"Republican" and their home as "Palo
Alto."
Herbert Hoover's registration blank
was filed at the County Clerk's office in
San Jose late Monday afternoon. Mrs.
Hoover's blank was received at the same
time from New York. Although regis
tration for the primaries was closed,
both blanks are on file for the June elec
tions. when the Hoover's expect to be at
home to exercise their franchise. Hoover
and his wife both gave their partv as
"Republican" and their home as "Palo
Alto."
Herbert Hoover's registration blank
was filed at the County Clerk's office in
San Jose late Monday afternoon. Mrs.
Hoover's blank was received at the same
time from New York. Although regis
tration for the primaries was closed,
both blanks are on file for the June elec
tions. when the Hoover's expect to be at
home to exercise their franchise. Hoover
and his wife both gave their partv as
"Republican" and their home as "Palo
Alto."
Herbert Hoover's registration blank
was filed at the County Clerk's office in
San Jose late Monday afternoon. Mrs.
Hoover's blank was received at the same
time from New York. Although regis
tration for the primaries was closed,
both blanks are on file for the June elec
tions. when the Hoover's expect to be at
home to exercise their franchise. Hoover
and his wife both gave their partv as
"Republican" and their home as "Palo
Alto."
