# FEDERAL TRAINEES WILL MEET TONIGHT
## 
### 
A meeting of the trainees of the
Federal Board of Vocational Education
has been called for this evening. Im
portant business will be brought be
fore the men, and it is desirable that
every man in the University training
under the Federal Board be present.
The meeting will be held in the Union
promptly at 7:30.
A meeting of the trainees of the
Federal Board of Vocational Education
has been called for this evening. Im
portant business will be brought be
fore the men, and it is desirable that
every man in the University training
under the Federal Board be present.
The meeting will be held in the Union
promptly at 7:30.
A meeting of the trainees of the
Federal Board of Vocational Education
has been called for this evening. Im
portant business will be brought be
fore the men, and it is desirable that
every man in the University training
under the Federal Board be present.
The meeting will be held in the Union
promptly at 7:30.
A meeting of the trainees of the
Federal Board of Vocational Education
has been called for this evening. Im
portant business will be brought be
fore the men, and it is desirable that
every man in the University training
under the Federal Board be present.
The meeting will be held in the Union
promptly at 7:30.
A meeting of the trainees of the
Federal Board of Vocational Education
has been called for this evening. Im
portant business will be brought be
fore the men, and it is desirable that
every man in the University training
under the Federal Board be present.
The meeting will be held in the Union
promptly at 7:30.
A meeting of the trainees of the
Federal Board of Vocational Education
has been called for this evening. Im
portant business will be brought be
fore the men, and it is desirable that
every man in the University training
under the Federal Board be present.
The meeting will be held in the Union
promptly at 7:30.
A meeting of the trainees of the
Federal Board of Vocational Education
has been called for this evening. Im
portant business will be brought be
fore the men, and it is desirable that
every man in the University training
under the Federal Board be present.
The meeting will be held in the Union
promptly at 7:30.
A meeting of the trainees of the
Federal Board of Vocational Education
has been called for this evening. Im
portant business will be brought be
fore the men, and it is desirable that
every man in the University training
under the Federal Board be present.
The meeting will be held in the Union
promptly at 7:30.
A meeting of the trainees of the
Federal Board of Vocational Education
has been called for this evening. Im
portant business will be brought be
fore the men, and it is desirable that
every man in the University training
under the Federal Board be present.
The meeting will be held in the Union
promptly at 7:30.
A meeting of the trainees of the
Federal Board of Vocational Education
has been called for this evening. Im
portant business will be brought be
fore the men, and it is desirable that
every man in the University training
under the Federal Board be present.
The meeting will be held in the Union
promptly at 7:30.
A meeting of the trainees of the
Federal Board of Vocational Education
has been called for this evening. Im
portant business will be brought be
fore the men, and it is desirable that
every man in the University training
under the Federal Board be present.
The meeting will be held in the Union
promptly at 7:30.
A meeting of the trainees of the
Federal Board of Vocational Education
has been called for this evening. Im
portant business will be brought be
fore the men, and it is desirable that
every man in the University training
under the Federal Board be present.
The meeting will be held in the Union
promptly at 7:30.
