# McDOWELL TO ATTEND EASTERN CONFERENCE
## Will Represent Stanford In Meeting of Alumni Secretaries 
### 
J. E. McDowell, Secretary of the
Stanford Alumni Association, will leave
April 20 for the East to attend a meet
im' of the National Association of Alum
ni Secretaries which will he held at Ann
Arbcr, Mich., during the middle of Ma>\
This will he the third meeting of alumni
secretaries that Mr. McDowell has at
tended in his capacity as Secretary of
the Stanford alumni. In 1914 he went
East to an association meeting, and
while there prevailed upon the members
to have their meeting the following
year at Stanford.
McDowell is making the trio with the
principal aim of becoming acquainted
with the alumni problems of the other
universities and of renewing the ac
quaintances of eastern Stanford alumni.
During l is journey he will explain to
the various Stanford clubs and alumni
associations the problems of the Uni
versity and the plans that are being
made here to have these conditions met.
A part-of his time will be given over to
an explanation of the proposed War
Memorial to be erected in honor of the
Stanford participants in the late war.
