# Yost Signs Three Year Contract.
## 
### 
Coach F. 11. Yost has given up
his intention to retire from football,
and recently signed a contract for
three years with the University of
Michigan. It is understood that he
receives a very handsome increase
of salary. Yost lias earned the en
viable reputation this season of
turning out one of the most
remarkable football teams the
Middle West lias ever seen. Start
ing in the season under anything
but auspicious circumstances, he
brought out an eleven that never
once during the season had its goal
line crossed, and that ran up the
remarkable total of 501 points to
its opponents' nothing. Yost has
been coaching for five years, and
has never turned out a losing team.
After spending a short time in the
East he will come to California for
the winter.
Coach F. 11. Yost has given up
his intention to retire from football,
and recently signed a contract for
three years with the University of
Michigan. It is understood that he
receives a very handsome increase
of salary. Yost lias earned the en
viable reputation this season of
turning out one of the most
remarkable football teams the
Middle West lias ever seen. Start
ing in the season under anything
but auspicious circumstances, he
brought out an eleven that never
once during the season had its goal
line crossed, and that ran up the
remarkable total of 501 points to
its opponents' nothing. Yost has
been coaching for five years, and
has never turned out a losing team.
After spending a short time in the
East he will come to California for
the winter.
Coach F. 11. Yost has given up
his intention to retire from football,
and recently signed a contract for
three years with the University of
Michigan. It is understood that he
receives a very handsome increase
of salary. Yost lias earned the en
viable reputation this season of
turning out one of the most
remarkable football teams the
Middle West lias ever seen. Start
ing in the season under anything
but auspicious circumstances, he
brought out an eleven that never
once during the season had its goal
line crossed, and that ran up the
remarkable total of 501 points to
its opponents' nothing. Yost has
been coaching for five years, and
has never turned out a losing team.
After spending a short time in the
East he will come to California for
the winter.
Coach F. 11. Yost has given up
his intention to retire from football,
and recently signed a contract for
three years with the University of
Michigan. It is understood that he
receives a very handsome increase
of salary. Yost lias earned the en
viable reputation this season of
turning out one of the most
remarkable football teams the
Middle West lias ever seen. Start
ing in the season under anything
but auspicious circumstances, he
brought out an eleven that never
once during the season had its goal
line crossed, and that ran up the
remarkable total of 501 points to
its opponents' nothing. Yost has
been coaching for five years, and
has never turned out a losing team.
After spending a short time in the
East he will come to California for
the winter.
Coach F. 11. Yost has given up
his intention to retire from football,
and recently signed a contract for
three years with the University of
Michigan. It is understood that he
receives a very handsome increase
of salary. Yost lias earned the en
viable reputation this season of
turning out one of the most
remarkable football teams the
Middle West lias ever seen. Start
ing in the season under anything
but auspicious circumstances, he
brought out an eleven that never
once during the season had its goal
line crossed, and that ran up the
remarkable total of 501 points to
its opponents' nothing. Yost has
been coaching for five years, and
has never turned out a losing team.
After spending a short time in the
East he will come to California for
the winter.
Coach F. 11. Yost has given up
his intention to retire from football,
and recently signed a contract for
three years with the University of
Michigan. It is understood that he
receives a very handsome increase
of salary. Yost lias earned the en
viable reputation this season of
turning out one of the most
remarkable football teams the
Middle West lias ever seen. Start
ing in the season under anything
but auspicious circumstances, he
brought out an eleven that never
once during the season had its goal
line crossed, and that ran up the
remarkable total of 501 points to
its opponents' nothing. Yost has
been coaching for five years, and
has never turned out a losing team.
After spending a short time in the
East he will come to California for
the winter.
Coach F. 11. Yost has given up
his intention to retire from football,
and recently signed a contract for
three years with the University of
Michigan. It is understood that he
receives a very handsome increase
of salary. Yost lias earned the en
viable reputation this season of
turning out one of the most
remarkable football teams the
Middle West lias ever seen. Start
ing in the season under anything
but auspicious circumstances, he
brought out an eleven that never
once during the season had its goal
line crossed, and that ran up the
remarkable total of 501 points to
its opponents' nothing. Yost has
been coaching for five years, and
has never turned out a losing team.
After spending a short time in the
East he will come to California for
the winter.
Coach F. 11. Yost has given up
his intention to retire from football,
and recently signed a contract for
three years with the University of
Michigan. It is understood that he
receives a very handsome increase
of salary. Yost lias earned the en
viable reputation this season of
turning out one of the most
remarkable football teams the
Middle West lias ever seen. Start
ing in the season under anything
but auspicious circumstances, he
brought out an eleven that never
once during the season had its goal
line crossed, and that ran up the
remarkable total of 501 points to
its opponents' nothing. Yost has
been coaching for five years, and
has never turned out a losing team.
After spending a short time in the
East he will come to California for
the winter.
