# Adv. 22 Page 11
## 
### 
office. Thursdays and Fridays.
Friendly.Computer skills necess
web-based scheduling and
electronic medical records. Will
train. PI. call 650-328-9646
Personal care aide for F. quad
near S.- 3 hour shifts flex.
resume to emailsuew@yahoo.com
Systat expert needed to help
with specific GLM models and
general instruction in using
Systat 11 and 12. Perhaps
10-15 hours. $20/ hour. Email
Lynne: ltrulio@earthlink.net
Need an Adobe Photoshop Album
expert to fix newly broken links
for more than 25,000 photos and
to create a proper back up
process for photos. Must have
extensive experience with Adobe
products.
employment@medexpert.com
Sell historical newspapers 1790
to 1945 to benefit Palo Alto's
Museum of American Heritage.
Receive a healthy percentage of
the profits. Complete training
provided. Perfect for history
majors. Several people needed.
Contact Gweneth at the Museum
at 321-1004 for details.
Coach Wanted Girls Lacrosse Paid
$3000 stipend Menlo-Atherton HS
Leslie Murveit 650-854-7395
ma.bears.lacrosse@gmail.com
Student needed to shoot video of
B-Day party, 1/19,5-7pm, $25/ hr
650.233.1020
Y rent?Buyl/bd,l/ba,l/carhome.
Grt area for $589K.650-610-6445
Leamto FLY!!
Palo Alto Airport-call for demo
flight: Sue Ballew 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal.net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
office. Thursdays and Fridays.
Friendly.Computer skills necess
web-based scheduling and
electronic medical records. Will
train. PI. call 650-328-9646
Personal care aide for F. quad
near S.- 3 hour shifts flex.
resume to emailsuew@yahoo.com
Systat expert needed to help
with specific GLM models and
general instruction in using
Systat 11 and 12. Perhaps
10-15 hours. $20/ hour. Email
Lynne: ltrulio@earthlink.net
Need an Adobe Photoshop Album
expert to fix newly broken links
for more than 25,000 photos and
to create a proper back up
process for photos. Must have
extensive experience with Adobe
products.
employment@medexpert.com
Sell historical newspapers 1790
to 1945 to benefit Palo Alto's
Museum of American Heritage.
Receive a healthy percentage of
the profits. Complete training
provided. Perfect for history
majors. Several people needed.
Contact Gweneth at the Museum
at 321-1004 for details.
Coach Wanted Girls Lacrosse Paid
$3000 stipend Menlo-Atherton HS
Leslie Murveit 650-854-7395
ma.bears.lacrosse@gmail.com
Student needed to shoot video of
B-Day party, 1/19,5-7pm, $25/ hr
650.233.1020
Y rent?Buyl/bd,l/ba,l/carhome.
Grt area for $589K.650-610-6445
Leamto FLY!!
Palo Alto Airport-call for demo
flight: Sue Ballew 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal.net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
office. Thursdays and Fridays.
Friendly.Computer skills necess
web-based scheduling and
electronic medical records. Will
train. PI. call 650-328-9646
Personal care aide for F. quad
near S.- 3 hour shifts flex.
resume to emailsuew@yahoo.com
Systat expert needed to help
with specific GLM models and
general instruction in using
Systat 11 and 12. Perhaps
10-15 hours. $20/ hour. Email
Lynne: ltrulio@earthlink.net
Need an Adobe Photoshop Album
expert to fix newly broken links
for more than 25,000 photos and
to create a proper back up
process for photos. Must have
extensive experience with Adobe
products.
employment@medexpert.com
Sell historical newspapers 1790
to 1945 to benefit Palo Alto's
Museum of American Heritage.
Receive a healthy percentage of
the profits. Complete training
provided. Perfect for history
majors. Several people needed.
Contact Gweneth at the Museum
at 321-1004 for details.
Coach Wanted Girls Lacrosse Paid
$3000 stipend Menlo-Atherton HS
Leslie Murveit 650-854-7395
ma.bears.lacrosse@gmail.com
Student needed to shoot video of
B-Day party, 1/19,5-7pm, $25/ hr
650.233.1020
Y rent?Buyl/bd,l/ba,l/carhome.
Grt area for $589K.650-610-6445
Leamto FLY!!
Palo Alto Airport-call for demo
flight: Sue Ballew 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal.net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
office. Thursdays and Fridays.
Friendly.Computer skills necess
web-based scheduling and
electronic medical records. Will
train. PI. call 650-328-9646
Personal care aide for F. quad
near S.- 3 hour shifts flex.
resume to emailsuew@yahoo.com
Systat expert needed to help
with specific GLM models and
general instruction in using
Systat 11 and 12. Perhaps
10-15 hours. $20/ hour. Email
Lynne: ltrulio@earthlink.net
Need an Adobe Photoshop Album
expert to fix newly broken links
for more than 25,000 photos and
to create a proper back up
process for photos. Must have
extensive experience with Adobe
products.
employment@medexpert.com
Sell historical newspapers 1790
to 1945 to benefit Palo Alto's
Museum of American Heritage.
Receive a healthy percentage of
the profits. Complete training
provided. Perfect for history
majors. Several people needed.
Contact Gweneth at the Museum
at 321-1004 for details.
Coach Wanted Girls Lacrosse Paid
$3000 stipend Menlo-Atherton HS
Leslie Murveit 650-854-7395
ma.bears.lacrosse@gmail.com
Student needed to shoot video of
B-Day party, 1/19,5-7pm, $25/ hr
650.233.1020
Y rent?Buyl/bd,l/ba,l/carhome.
Grt area for $589K.650-610-6445
Leamto FLY!!
Palo Alto Airport-call for demo
flight: Sue Ballew 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal.net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
office. Thursdays and Fridays.
Friendly.Computer skills necess
web-based scheduling and
electronic medical records. Will
train. PI. call 650-328-9646
Personal care aide for F. quad
near S.- 3 hour shifts flex.
resume to emailsuew@yahoo.com
Systat expert needed to help
with specific GLM models and
general instruction in using
Systat 11 and 12. Perhaps
10-15 hours. $20/ hour. Email
Lynne: ltrulio@earthlink.net
Need an Adobe Photoshop Album
expert to fix newly broken links
for more than 25,000 photos and
to create a proper back up
process for photos. Must have
extensive experience with Adobe
products.
employment@medexpert.com
Sell historical newspapers 1790
to 1945 to benefit Palo Alto's
Museum of American Heritage.
Receive a healthy percentage of
the profits. Complete training
provided. Perfect for history
majors. Several people needed.
Contact Gweneth at the Museum
at 321-1004 for details.
Coach Wanted Girls Lacrosse Paid
$3000 stipend Menlo-Atherton HS
Leslie Murveit 650-854-7395
ma.bears.lacrosse@gmail.com
Student needed to shoot video of
B-Day party, 1/19,5-7pm, $25/ hr
650.233.1020
Y rent?Buyl/bd,l/ba,l/carhome.
Grt area for $589K.650-610-6445
Leamto FLY!!
Palo Alto Airport-call for demo
flight: Sue Ballew 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal.net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
office. Thursdays and Fridays.
Friendly.Computer skills necess
web-based scheduling and
electronic medical records. Will
train. PI. call 650-328-9646
Personal care aide for F. quad
near S.- 3 hour shifts flex.
resume to emailsuew@yahoo.com
Systat expert needed to help
with specific GLM models and
general instruction in using
Systat 11 and 12. Perhaps
10-15 hours. $20/ hour. Email
Lynne: ltrulio@earthlink.net
Need an Adobe Photoshop Album
expert to fix newly broken links
for more than 25,000 photos and
to create a proper back up
process for photos. Must have
extensive experience with Adobe
products.
employment@medexpert.com
Sell historical newspapers 1790
to 1945 to benefit Palo Alto's
Museum of American Heritage.
Receive a healthy percentage of
the profits. Complete training
provided. Perfect for history
majors. Several people needed.
Contact Gweneth at the Museum
at 321-1004 for details.
Coach Wanted Girls Lacrosse Paid
$3000 stipend Menlo-Atherton HS
Leslie Murveit 650-854-7395
ma.bears.lacrosse@gmail.com
Student needed to shoot video of
B-Day party, 1/19,5-7pm, $25/ hr
650.233.1020
Y rent?Buyl/bd,l/ba,l/carhome.
Grt area for $589K.650-610-6445
Leamto FLY!!
Palo Alto Airport-call for demo
flight: Sue Ballew 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal.net
Professional Wedding Photography
www.dansullivanphotography.com
Weddings-Events-Portraits
(805) 698-5352 Palo Alto based
