# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Special line of Stanford photographs
at Willard's Art Store, Palo Alto.
College Hall, Berkeley. — Twenty
rooms now vacant. Apply to Mrs.
Susan Davs, 2627 Hearst avenue, Ber
keley.
Special line of Stanford photographs
at Willard's Art Store, Palo Alto.
College Hall, Berkeley. — Twenty
rooms now vacant. Apply to Mrs.
Susan Davs, 2627 Hearst avenue, Ber
keley.
Special line of Stanford photographs
at Willard's Art Store, Palo Alto.
College Hall, Berkeley. — Twenty
rooms now vacant. Apply to Mrs.
Susan Davs, 2627 Hearst avenue, Ber
keley.
Special line of Stanford photographs
at Willard's Art Store, Palo Alto.
College Hall, Berkeley. — Twenty
rooms now vacant. Apply to Mrs.
Susan Davs, 2627 Hearst avenue, Ber
keley.
Special line of Stanford photographs
at Willard's Art Store, Palo Alto.
College Hall, Berkeley. — Twenty
rooms now vacant. Apply to Mrs.
Susan Davs, 2627 Hearst avenue, Ber
keley.
Special line of Stanford photographs
at Willard's Art Store, Palo Alto.
College Hall, Berkeley. — Twenty
rooms now vacant. Apply to Mrs.
Susan Davs, 2627 Hearst avenue, Ber
keley.
Special line of Stanford photographs
at Willard's Art Store, Palo Alto.
College Hall, Berkeley. — Twenty
rooms now vacant. Apply to Mrs.
Susan Davs, 2627 Hearst avenue, Ber
keley.
Special line of Stanford photographs
at Willard's Art Store, Palo Alto.
College Hall, Berkeley. — Twenty
rooms now vacant. Apply to Mrs.
Susan Davs, 2627 Hearst avenue, Ber
keley.
Special line of Stanford photographs
at Willard's Art Store, Palo Alto.
College Hall, Berkeley. — Twenty
rooms now vacant. Apply to Mrs.
Susan Davs, 2627 Hearst avenue, Ber
keley.
Special line of Stanford photographs
at Willard's Art Store, Palo Alto.
College Hall, Berkeley. — Twenty
rooms now vacant. Apply to Mrs.
Susan Davs, 2627 Hearst avenue, Ber
keley.
Special line of Stanford photographs
at Willard's Art Store, Palo Alto.
College Hall, Berkeley. — Twenty
rooms now vacant. Apply to Mrs.
Susan Davs, 2627 Hearst avenue, Ber
keley.
