# PLAN FOR PLUG UGLY
## CONFERENCE CONFERS WITH CLASS COMMITTEES. Resolutions of Last Year are Readopted Classes to Consider them at their Next Meetings. 
### 
The 1912 Plug Ugly, as it will be
presented within the next few weeks,
will be planned and provided accord
ing to the rules and regulations as
laid down by the Student Advisory
Committee of the University Confer
ence last year. The Conference at its
joint meeting this afternoon with
committees from the Junior and Senior
classes made such a recommendation,
and as The Plug Ugly tradition is only
maintained through its suffrage, this
year's burlesque and rush will have to
be carried out accordingly. The Con
ference resolutions will be presented
to the Junior and Senior classes for
their consideration at their meetings
this week. As soon as the two Upper
classes come to an agreement by the
adoption of these recommendations,
work on writing the travesty may com
mence at once.
The Conference resolutions as drawn
up last semester provide in short that
the Plug Ugly can only be maintained
by the Seniors agreeing to allow the
Juniors to present their play without
interference and by the elimination of
the dangerous set rush on the Law
steps. Just what form the usual rush
will take this year, will depend upon
what the two classes agree upon
among themselves, subject to the ap
proval of the Conference. Several
plans were suggested by the com
mittees this afternoon, such as a rush
through the Arch or a running fight
around the Quad, but nothing definite
can be settled until the class meetings.
The Conference also made the fur
ther recommendation that the Plug
Ugly for this, and ensuing semesters
be held considerably earlier than in
the past. It is felt that past conflicts
occurred too near the Big Game, there
by detracting from the unified spirit
among the classes needed at that time.
The 1912 Plug Ugly, as it will be
presented within the next few weeks,
will be planned and provided accord
ing to the rules and regulations as
laid down by the Student Advisory
Committee of the University Confer
ence last year. The Conference at its
joint meeting this afternoon with
committees from the Junior and Senior
classes made such a recommendation,
and as The Plug Ugly tradition is only
maintained through its suffrage, this
year's burlesque and rush will have to
be carried out accordingly. The Con
ference resolutions will be presented
to the Junior and Senior classes for
their consideration at their meetings
this week. As soon as the two Upper
classes come to an agreement by the
adoption of these recommendations,
work on writing the travesty may com
mence at once.
The Conference resolutions as drawn
up last semester provide in short that
the Plug Ugly can only be maintained
by the Seniors agreeing to allow the
Juniors to present their play without
interference and by the elimination of
the dangerous set rush on the Law
steps. Just what form the usual rush
will take this year, will depend upon
what the two classes agree upon
among themselves, subject to the ap
proval of the Conference. Several
plans were suggested by the com
mittees this afternoon, such as a rush
through the Arch or a running fight
around the Quad, but nothing definite
can be settled until the class meetings.
The Conference also made the fur
ther recommendation that the Plug
Ugly for this, and ensuing semesters
be held considerably earlier than in
the past. It is felt that past conflicts
occurred too near the Big Game, there
by detracting from the unified spirit
among the classes needed at that time.
The 1912 Plug Ugly, as it will be
presented within the next few weeks,
will be planned and provided accord
ing to the rules and regulations as
laid down by the Student Advisory
Committee of the University Confer
ence last year. The Conference at its
joint meeting this afternoon with
committees from the Junior and Senior
classes made such a recommendation,
and as The Plug Ugly tradition is only
maintained through its suffrage, this
year's burlesque and rush will have to
be carried out accordingly. The Con
ference resolutions will be presented
to the Junior and Senior classes for
their consideration at their meetings
this week. As soon as the two Upper
classes come to an agreement by the
adoption of these recommendations,
work on writing the travesty may com
mence at once.
The Conference resolutions as drawn
up last semester provide in short that
the Plug Ugly can only be maintained
by the Seniors agreeing to allow the
Juniors to present their play without
interference and by the elimination of
the dangerous set rush on the Law
steps. Just what form the usual rush
will take this year, will depend upon
what the two classes agree upon
among themselves, subject to the ap
proval of the Conference. Several
plans were suggested by the com
mittees this afternoon, such as a rush
through the Arch or a running fight
around the Quad, but nothing definite
can be settled until the class meetings.
The Conference also made the fur
ther recommendation that the Plug
Ugly for this, and ensuing semesters
be held considerably earlier than in
the past. It is felt that past conflicts
occurred too near the Big Game, there
by detracting from the unified spirit
among the classes needed at that time.
The 1912 Plug Ugly, as it will be
presented within the next few weeks,
will be planned and provided accord
ing to the rules and regulations as
laid down by the Student Advisory
Committee of the University Confer
ence last year. The Conference at its
joint meeting this afternoon with
committees from the Junior and Senior
classes made such a recommendation,
and as The Plug Ugly tradition is only
maintained through its suffrage, this
year's burlesque and rush will have to
be carried out accordingly. The Con
ference resolutions will be presented
to the Junior and Senior classes for
their consideration at their meetings
this week. As soon as the two Upper
classes come to an agreement by the
adoption of these recommendations,
work on writing the travesty may com
mence at once.
The Conference resolutions as drawn
up last semester provide in short that
the Plug Ugly can only be maintained
by the Seniors agreeing to allow the
Juniors to present their play without
interference and by the elimination of
the dangerous set rush on the Law
steps. Just what form the usual rush
will take this year, will depend upon
what the two classes agree upon
among themselves, subject to the ap
proval of the Conference. Several
plans were suggested by the com
mittees this afternoon, such as a rush
through the Arch or a running fight
around the Quad, but nothing definite
can be settled until the class meetings.
The Conference also made the fur
ther recommendation that the Plug
Ugly for this, and ensuing semesters
be held considerably earlier than in
the past. It is felt that past conflicts
occurred too near the Big Game, there
by detracting from the unified spirit
among the classes needed at that time.
The 1912 Plug Ugly, as it will be
presented within the next few weeks,
will be planned and provided accord
ing to the rules and regulations as
laid down by the Student Advisory
Committee of the University Confer
ence last year. The Conference at its
joint meeting this afternoon with
committees from the Junior and Senior
classes made such a recommendation,
and as The Plug Ugly tradition is only
maintained through its suffrage, this
year's burlesque and rush will have to
be carried out accordingly. The Con
ference resolutions will be presented
to the Junior and Senior classes for
their consideration at their meetings
this week. As soon as the two Upper
classes come to an agreement by the
adoption of these recommendations,
work on writing the travesty may com
mence at once.
The Conference resolutions as drawn
up last semester provide in short that
the Plug Ugly can only be maintained
by the Seniors agreeing to allow the
Juniors to present their play without
interference and by the elimination of
the dangerous set rush on the Law
steps. Just what form the usual rush
will take this year, will depend upon
what the two classes agree upon
among themselves, subject to the ap
proval of the Conference. Several
plans were suggested by the com
mittees this afternoon, such as a rush
through the Arch or a running fight
around the Quad, but nothing definite
can be settled until the class meetings.
The Conference also made the fur
ther recommendation that the Plug
Ugly for this, and ensuing semesters
be held considerably earlier than in
the past. It is felt that past conflicts
occurred too near the Big Game, there
by detracting from the unified spirit
among the classes needed at that time.
The 1912 Plug Ugly, as it will be
presented within the next few weeks,
will be planned and provided accord
ing to the rules and regulations as
laid down by the Student Advisory
Committee of the University Confer
ence last year. The Conference at its
joint meeting this afternoon with
committees from the Junior and Senior
classes made such a recommendation,
and as The Plug Ugly tradition is only
maintained through its suffrage, this
year's burlesque and rush will have to
be carried out accordingly. The Con
ference resolutions will be presented
to the Junior and Senior classes for
their consideration at their meetings
this week. As soon as the two Upper
classes come to an agreement by the
adoption of these recommendations,
work on writing the travesty may com
mence at once.
The Conference resolutions as drawn
up last semester provide in short that
the Plug Ugly can only be maintained
by the Seniors agreeing to allow the
Juniors to present their play without
interference and by the elimination of
the dangerous set rush on the Law
steps. Just what form the usual rush
will take this year, will depend upon
what the two classes agree upon
among themselves, subject to the ap
proval of the Conference. Several
plans were suggested by the com
mittees this afternoon, such as a rush
through the Arch or a running fight
around the Quad, but nothing definite
can be settled until the class meetings.
The Conference also made the fur
ther recommendation that the Plug
Ugly for this, and ensuing semesters
be held considerably earlier than in
the past. It is felt that past conflicts
occurred too near the Big Game, there
by detracting from the unified spirit
among the classes needed at that time.
The 1912 Plug Ugly, as it will be
presented within the next few weeks,
will be planned and provided accord
ing to the rules and regulations as
laid down by the Student Advisory
Committee of the University Confer
ence last year. The Conference at its
joint meeting this afternoon with
committees from the Junior and Senior
classes made such a recommendation,
and as The Plug Ugly tradition is only
maintained through its suffrage, this
year's burlesque and rush will have to
be carried out accordingly. The Con
ference resolutions will be presented
to the Junior and Senior classes for
their consideration at their meetings
this week. As soon as the two Upper
classes come to an agreement by the
adoption of these recommendations,
work on writing the travesty may com
mence at once.
The Conference resolutions as drawn
up last semester provide in short that
the Plug Ugly can only be maintained
by the Seniors agreeing to allow the
Juniors to present their play without
interference and by the elimination of
the dangerous set rush on the Law
steps. Just what form the usual rush
will take this year, will depend upon
what the two classes agree upon
among themselves, subject to the ap
proval of the Conference. Several
plans were suggested by the com
mittees this afternoon, such as a rush
through the Arch or a running fight
around the Quad, but nothing definite
can be settled until the class meetings.
The Conference also made the fur
ther recommendation that the Plug
Ugly for this, and ensuing semesters
be held considerably earlier than in
the past. It is felt that past conflicts
occurred too near the Big Game, there
by detracting from the unified spirit
among the classes needed at that time.
The 1912 Plug Ugly, as it will be
presented within the next few weeks,
will be planned and provided accord
ing to the rules and regulations as
laid down by the Student Advisory
Committee of the University Confer
ence last year. The Conference at its
joint meeting this afternoon with
committees from the Junior and Senior
classes made such a recommendation,
and as The Plug Ugly tradition is only
maintained through its suffrage, this
year's burlesque and rush will have to
be carried out accordingly. The Con
ference resolutions will be presented
to the Junior and Senior classes for
their consideration at their meetings
this week. As soon as the two Upper
classes come to an agreement by the
adoption of these recommendations,
work on writing the travesty may com
mence at once.
The Conference resolutions as drawn
up last semester provide in short that
the Plug Ugly can only be maintained
by the Seniors agreeing to allow the
Juniors to present their play without
interference and by the elimination of
the dangerous set rush on the Law
steps. Just what form the usual rush
will take this year, will depend upon
what the two classes agree upon
among themselves, subject to the ap
proval of the Conference. Several
plans were suggested by the com
mittees this afternoon, such as a rush
through the Arch or a running fight
around the Quad, but nothing definite
can be settled until the class meetings.
The Conference also made the fur
ther recommendation that the Plug
Ugly for this, and ensuing semesters
be held considerably earlier than in
the past. It is felt that past conflicts
occurred too near the Big Game, there
by detracting from the unified spirit
among the classes needed at that time.
The 1912 Plug Ugly, as it will be
presented within the next few weeks,
will be planned and provided accord
ing to the rules and regulations as
laid down by the Student Advisory
Committee of the University Confer
ence last year. The Conference at its
joint meeting this afternoon with
committees from the Junior and Senior
classes made such a recommendation,
and as The Plug Ugly tradition is only
maintained through its suffrage, this
year's burlesque and rush will have to
be carried out accordingly. The Con
ference resolutions will be presented
to the Junior and Senior classes for
their consideration at their meetings
this week. As soon as the two Upper
classes come to an agreement by the
adoption of these recommendations,
work on writing the travesty may com
mence at once.
The Conference resolutions as drawn
up last semester provide in short that
the Plug Ugly can only be maintained
by the Seniors agreeing to allow the
Juniors to present their play without
interference and by the elimination of
the dangerous set rush on the Law
steps. Just what form the usual rush
will take this year, will depend upon
what the two classes agree upon
among themselves, subject to the ap
proval of the Conference. Several
plans were suggested by the com
mittees this afternoon, such as a rush
through the Arch or a running fight
around the Quad, but nothing definite
can be settled until the class meetings.
The Conference also made the fur
ther recommendation that the Plug
Ugly for this, and ensuing semesters
be held considerably earlier than in
the past. It is felt that past conflicts
occurred too near the Big Game, there
by detracting from the unified spirit
among the classes needed at that time.
The 1912 Plug Ugly, as it will be
presented within the next few weeks,
will be planned and provided accord
ing to the rules and regulations as
laid down by the Student Advisory
Committee of the University Confer
ence last year. The Conference at its
joint meeting this afternoon with
committees from the Junior and Senior
classes made such a recommendation,
and as The Plug Ugly tradition is only
maintained through its suffrage, this
year's burlesque and rush will have to
be carried out accordingly. The Con
ference resolutions will be presented
to the Junior and Senior classes for
their consideration at their meetings
this week. As soon as the two Upper
classes come to an agreement by the
adoption of these recommendations,
work on writing the travesty may com
mence at once.
The Conference resolutions as drawn
up last semester provide in short that
the Plug Ugly can only be maintained
by the Seniors agreeing to allow the
Juniors to present their play without
interference and by the elimination of
the dangerous set rush on the Law
steps. Just what form the usual rush
will take this year, will depend upon
what the two classes agree upon
among themselves, subject to the ap
proval of the Conference. Several
plans were suggested by the com
mittees this afternoon, such as a rush
through the Arch or a running fight
around the Quad, but nothing definite
can be settled until the class meetings.
The Conference also made the fur
ther recommendation that the Plug
Ugly for this, and ensuing semesters
be held considerably earlier than in
the past. It is felt that past conflicts
occurred too near the Big Game, there
by detracting from the unified spirit
among the classes needed at that time.
The 1912 Plug Ugly, as it will be
presented within the next few weeks,
will be planned and provided accord
ing to the rules and regulations as
laid down by the Student Advisory
Committee of the University Confer
ence last year. The Conference at its
joint meeting this afternoon with
committees from the Junior and Senior
classes made such a recommendation,
and as The Plug Ugly tradition is only
maintained through its suffrage, this
year's burlesque and rush will have to
be carried out accordingly. The Con
ference resolutions will be presented
to the Junior and Senior classes for
their consideration at their meetings
this week. As soon as the two Upper
classes come to an agreement by the
adoption of these recommendations,
work on writing the travesty may com
mence at once.
The Conference resolutions as drawn
up last semester provide in short that
the Plug Ugly can only be maintained
by the Seniors agreeing to allow the
Juniors to present their play without
interference and by the elimination of
the dangerous set rush on the Law
steps. Just what form the usual rush
will take this year, will depend upon
what the two classes agree upon
among themselves, subject to the ap
proval of the Conference. Several
plans were suggested by the com
mittees this afternoon, such as a rush
through the Arch or a running fight
around the Quad, but nothing definite
can be settled until the class meetings.
The Conference also made the fur
ther recommendation that the Plug
Ugly for this, and ensuing semesters
be held considerably earlier than in
the past. It is felt that past conflicts
occurred too near the Big Game, there
by detracting from the unified spirit
among the classes needed at that time.
