# Truman Ends Trip
## 
### 
WASHINGTON - President Tru
man returned in brisk spirits from
his 6,400-mile cross-country swing
today and challenged the Republi
cans to "come up with something
better" than the program he calls
the "Fair Deal."
Mr. Truman wound up what he
described as "a most successful
tour" with a 57th speech at Cum
berland, Md., and then rode into
Union Station in Washington where
he was greeted by cabinet members
and his White House staff.
WASHINGTON - President Tru
man returned in brisk spirits from
his 6,400-mile cross-country swing
today and challenged the Republi
cans to "come up with something
better" than the program he calls
the "Fair Deal."
Mr. Truman wound up what he
described as "a most successful
tour" with a 57th speech at Cum
berland, Md., and then rode into
Union Station in Washington where
he was greeted by cabinet members
and his White House staff.
WASHINGTON - President Tru
man returned in brisk spirits from
his 6,400-mile cross-country swing
today and challenged the Republi
cans to "come up with something
better" than the program he calls
the "Fair Deal."
Mr. Truman wound up what he
described as "a most successful
tour" with a 57th speech at Cum
berland, Md., and then rode into
Union Station in Washington where
he was greeted by cabinet members
and his White House staff.
WASHINGTON - President Tru
man returned in brisk spirits from
his 6,400-mile cross-country swing
today and challenged the Republi
cans to "come up with something
better" than the program he calls
the "Fair Deal."
Mr. Truman wound up what he
described as "a most successful
tour" with a 57th speech at Cum
berland, Md., and then rode into
Union Station in Washington where
he was greeted by cabinet members
and his White House staff.
WASHINGTON - President Tru
man returned in brisk spirits from
his 6,400-mile cross-country swing
today and challenged the Republi
cans to "come up with something
better" than the program he calls
the "Fair Deal."
Mr. Truman wound up what he
described as "a most successful
tour" with a 57th speech at Cum
berland, Md., and then rode into
Union Station in Washington where
he was greeted by cabinet members
and his White House staff.
WASHINGTON - President Tru
man returned in brisk spirits from
his 6,400-mile cross-country swing
today and challenged the Republi
cans to "come up with something
better" than the program he calls
the "Fair Deal."
Mr. Truman wound up what he
described as "a most successful
tour" with a 57th speech at Cum
berland, Md., and then rode into
Union Station in Washington where
he was greeted by cabinet members
and his White House staff.
WASHINGTON - President Tru
man returned in brisk spirits from
his 6,400-mile cross-country swing
today and challenged the Republi
cans to "come up with something
better" than the program he calls
the "Fair Deal."
Mr. Truman wound up what he
described as "a most successful
tour" with a 57th speech at Cum
berland, Md., and then rode into
Union Station in Washington where
he was greeted by cabinet members
and his White House staff.
WASHINGTON - President Tru
man returned in brisk spirits from
his 6,400-mile cross-country swing
today and challenged the Republi
cans to "come up with something
better" than the program he calls
the "Fair Deal."
Mr. Truman wound up what he
described as "a most successful
tour" with a 57th speech at Cum
berland, Md., and then rode into
Union Station in Washington where
he was greeted by cabinet members
and his White House staff.
WASHINGTON - President Tru
man returned in brisk spirits from
his 6,400-mile cross-country swing
today and challenged the Republi
cans to "come up with something
better" than the program he calls
the "Fair Deal."
Mr. Truman wound up what he
described as "a most successful
tour" with a 57th speech at Cum
berland, Md., and then rode into
Union Station in Washington where
he was greeted by cabinet members
and his White House staff.
WASHINGTON - President Tru
man returned in brisk spirits from
his 6,400-mile cross-country swing
today and challenged the Republi
cans to "come up with something
better" than the program he calls
the "Fair Deal."
Mr. Truman wound up what he
described as "a most successful
tour" with a 57th speech at Cum
berland, Md., and then rode into
Union Station in Washington where
he was greeted by cabinet members
and his White House staff.
WASHINGTON - President Tru
man returned in brisk spirits from
his 6,400-mile cross-country swing
today and challenged the Republi
cans to "come up with something
better" than the program he calls
the "Fair Deal."
Mr. Truman wound up what he
described as "a most successful
tour" with a 57th speech at Cum
berland, Md., and then rode into
Union Station in Washington where
he was greeted by cabinet members
and his White House staff.
WASHINGTON - President Tru
man returned in brisk spirits from
his 6,400-mile cross-country swing
today and challenged the Republi
cans to "come up with something
better" than the program he calls
the "Fair Deal."
Mr. Truman wound up what he
described as "a most successful
tour" with a 57th speech at Cum
berland, Md., and then rode into
Union Station in Washington where
he was greeted by cabinet members
and his White House staff.
WASHINGTON - President Tru
man returned in brisk spirits from
his 6,400-mile cross-country swing
today and challenged the Republi
cans to "come up with something
better" than the program he calls
the "Fair Deal."
Mr. Truman wound up what he
described as "a most successful
tour" with a 57th speech at Cum
berland, Md., and then rode into
Union Station in Washington where
he was greeted by cabinet members
and his White House staff.
WASHINGTON - President Tru
man returned in brisk spirits from
his 6,400-mile cross-country swing
today and challenged the Republi
cans to "come up with something
better" than the program he calls
the "Fair Deal."
Mr. Truman wound up what he
described as "a most successful
tour" with a 57th speech at Cum
berland, Md., and then rode into
Union Station in Washington where
he was greeted by cabinet members
and his White House staff.
