# Chinese Evacuation
## 
### 
TAIPEI, Formosa —The Chinese
Nationalists tonight announced they
had abandoned Chushan Island,
thereby yielding without firing a
Khot the blockade base from which
they had been able to paralyze
Communist Shanghai.
An hour after the astounding an
nouncement, Chiang Kai-shek went
on the air to reassure his country
men. He promised them that within
two years his forces would unleash
a counter-offensive on the main
land.
TAIPEI, Formosa —The Chinese
Nationalists tonight announced they
had abandoned Chushan Island,
thereby yielding without firing a
Khot the blockade base from which
they had been able to paralyze
Communist Shanghai.
An hour after the astounding an
nouncement, Chiang Kai-shek went
on the air to reassure his country
men. He promised them that within
two years his forces would unleash
a counter-offensive on the main
land.
TAIPEI, Formosa —The Chinese
Nationalists tonight announced they
had abandoned Chushan Island,
thereby yielding without firing a
Khot the blockade base from which
they had been able to paralyze
Communist Shanghai.
An hour after the astounding an
nouncement, Chiang Kai-shek went
on the air to reassure his country
men. He promised them that within
two years his forces would unleash
a counter-offensive on the main
land.
TAIPEI, Formosa —The Chinese
Nationalists tonight announced they
had abandoned Chushan Island,
thereby yielding without firing a
Khot the blockade base from which
they had been able to paralyze
Communist Shanghai.
An hour after the astounding an
nouncement, Chiang Kai-shek went
on the air to reassure his country
men. He promised them that within
two years his forces would unleash
a counter-offensive on the main
land.
TAIPEI, Formosa —The Chinese
Nationalists tonight announced they
had abandoned Chushan Island,
thereby yielding without firing a
Khot the blockade base from which
they had been able to paralyze
Communist Shanghai.
An hour after the astounding an
nouncement, Chiang Kai-shek went
on the air to reassure his country
men. He promised them that within
two years his forces would unleash
a counter-offensive on the main
land.
TAIPEI, Formosa —The Chinese
Nationalists tonight announced they
had abandoned Chushan Island,
thereby yielding without firing a
Khot the blockade base from which
they had been able to paralyze
Communist Shanghai.
An hour after the astounding an
nouncement, Chiang Kai-shek went
on the air to reassure his country
men. He promised them that within
two years his forces would unleash
a counter-offensive on the main
land.
TAIPEI, Formosa —The Chinese
Nationalists tonight announced they
had abandoned Chushan Island,
thereby yielding without firing a
Khot the blockade base from which
they had been able to paralyze
Communist Shanghai.
An hour after the astounding an
nouncement, Chiang Kai-shek went
on the air to reassure his country
men. He promised them that within
two years his forces would unleash
a counter-offensive on the main
land.
TAIPEI, Formosa —The Chinese
Nationalists tonight announced they
had abandoned Chushan Island,
thereby yielding without firing a
Khot the blockade base from which
they had been able to paralyze
Communist Shanghai.
An hour after the astounding an
nouncement, Chiang Kai-shek went
on the air to reassure his country
men. He promised them that within
two years his forces would unleash
a counter-offensive on the main
land.
TAIPEI, Formosa —The Chinese
Nationalists tonight announced they
had abandoned Chushan Island,
thereby yielding without firing a
Khot the blockade base from which
they had been able to paralyze
Communist Shanghai.
An hour after the astounding an
nouncement, Chiang Kai-shek went
on the air to reassure his country
men. He promised them that within
two years his forces would unleash
a counter-offensive on the main
land.
TAIPEI, Formosa —The Chinese
Nationalists tonight announced they
had abandoned Chushan Island,
thereby yielding without firing a
Khot the blockade base from which
they had been able to paralyze
Communist Shanghai.
An hour after the astounding an
nouncement, Chiang Kai-shek went
on the air to reassure his country
men. He promised them that within
two years his forces would unleash
a counter-offensive on the main
land.
TAIPEI, Formosa —The Chinese
Nationalists tonight announced they
had abandoned Chushan Island,
thereby yielding without firing a
Khot the blockade base from which
they had been able to paralyze
Communist Shanghai.
An hour after the astounding an
nouncement, Chiang Kai-shek went
on the air to reassure his country
men. He promised them that within
two years his forces would unleash
a counter-offensive on the main
land.
TAIPEI, Formosa —The Chinese
Nationalists tonight announced they
had abandoned Chushan Island,
thereby yielding without firing a
Khot the blockade base from which
they had been able to paralyze
Communist Shanghai.
An hour after the astounding an
nouncement, Chiang Kai-shek went
on the air to reassure his country
men. He promised them that within
two years his forces would unleash
a counter-offensive on the main
land.
TAIPEI, Formosa —The Chinese
Nationalists tonight announced they
had abandoned Chushan Island,
thereby yielding without firing a
Khot the blockade base from which
they had been able to paralyze
Communist Shanghai.
An hour after the astounding an
nouncement, Chiang Kai-shek went
on the air to reassure his country
men. He promised them that within
two years his forces would unleash
a counter-offensive on the main
land.
TAIPEI, Formosa —The Chinese
Nationalists tonight announced they
had abandoned Chushan Island,
thereby yielding without firing a
Khot the blockade base from which
they had been able to paralyze
Communist Shanghai.
An hour after the astounding an
nouncement, Chiang Kai-shek went
on the air to reassure his country
men. He promised them that within
two years his forces would unleash
a counter-offensive on the main
land.
