# Three Seniors Meet Cal in Joffre Debate
## 
### 
Three seniors have been named
to represent Stanford in the 50th
annual Joffre Debate with Califor
nia Tuesday. They are Tom Arm
strong, Tom Brand, and Richard
Kelton. David Leavitt will be al
ternate.
The general topic will be "The
French Position in the Far East."
The Joffre style of debating calls
for extemporaneous ability, as well
as a broad and detailed knowledge
of the general topic. The specific
proposition for debate will not bs
released until two and one - half
hours before the debate.
V/ictories in the Joffre Debate
have been evenly divided. Stan
ford holds a 28-27 lead by reason
of Dow Carpenter's victory last
year.
Stanford will again encounter
California's Fred Harvey, who lost
to Carpenter hy a narrow margin
last year.
The debate was founded as the
Medaille Carnot debate by the Bar
on Pierre dc Coubcrtin, founder of
the modern Olympic Games, in 1804.
The first contest was held al Stan
ford in what is now Room 100 on
the Inner Quad, and was won by
Richard L. Sandwich of Stanford.
In the autumn of 1017 the name
was chapged to the Medaille Joffre
Debate to honor the great French
hero of the Maine.
The new Joffre medal, which is
awarded to the outstanding individ
ual debater, was presented to the
American ambassador to P ranee by
the president of France "in the
presence of a distinguished gather
ing" and came to Stanford and Cal
ifornia representatives from the
Slate Department in 1017.
