# Registration Larger Than Last Year.
## 
### 
The" total registration for this se
mester amounts to 1,537 old and new
pupils, a gain of fifty-nine students
over the enrollment of 1908. Of this
registration, 486 are new students.
The" total registration for this se
mester amounts to 1,537 old and new
pupils, a gain of fifty-nine students
over the enrollment of 1908. Of this
registration, 486 are new students.
The" total registration for this se
mester amounts to 1,537 old and new
pupils, a gain of fifty-nine students
over the enrollment of 1908. Of this
registration, 486 are new students.
The" total registration for this se
mester amounts to 1,537 old and new
pupils, a gain of fifty-nine students
over the enrollment of 1908. Of this
registration, 486 are new students.
The" total registration for this se
mester amounts to 1,537 old and new
pupils, a gain of fifty-nine students
over the enrollment of 1908. Of this
registration, 486 are new students.
The" total registration for this se
mester amounts to 1,537 old and new
pupils, a gain of fifty-nine students
over the enrollment of 1908. Of this
registration, 486 are new students.
The" total registration for this se
mester amounts to 1,537 old and new
pupils, a gain of fifty-nine students
over the enrollment of 1908. Of this
registration, 486 are new students.
The" total registration for this se
mester amounts to 1,537 old and new
pupils, a gain of fifty-nine students
over the enrollment of 1908. Of this
registration, 486 are new students.
The" total registration for this se
mester amounts to 1,537 old and new
pupils, a gain of fifty-nine students
over the enrollment of 1908. Of this
registration, 486 are new students.
The" total registration for this se
mester amounts to 1,537 old and new
pupils, a gain of fifty-nine students
over the enrollment of 1908. Of this
registration, 486 are new students.
