# POOR STUDENTS DROPPED
## Sixty-five Undergraduates are Requested to Withdraw From the Universityâ€”Seventeen Warned. 
### 
According to statistics given out by
the faculty scholarship committee,
sixty-five students of the undergrad
uate enrollment - of last year have
been requested to withdraw from the
University for a semester. In addi
tion to this number dropped for poor
work, seventeen warnings were issued
and as many students allowed to re
turn to tlie University upon strict
probation.
The number of students dropped is
not as great as at the mid-wnter va
cation, but as compared with those
forced to withdraw in years past at
this time it holds the record. Fifty
five was the sum total for last year,
and forty-live the result the year pre
ceding. The action of the scholarship
committee has been in accordance
with the policy of maintaining the
high standard set last year..
According to statistics given out by
the faculty scholarship committee,
sixty-five students of the undergrad
uate enrollment - of last year have
been requested to withdraw from the
University for a semester. In addi
tion to this number dropped for poor
work, seventeen warnings were issued
and as many students allowed to re
turn to tlie University upon strict
probation.
The number of students dropped is
not as great as at the mid-wnter va
cation, but as compared with those
forced to withdraw in years past at
this time it holds the record. Fifty
five was the sum total for last year,
and forty-live the result the year pre
ceding. The action of the scholarship
committee has been in accordance
with the policy of maintaining the
high standard set last year..
According to statistics given out by
the faculty scholarship committee,
sixty-five students of the undergrad
uate enrollment - of last year have
been requested to withdraw from the
University for a semester. In addi
tion to this number dropped for poor
work, seventeen warnings were issued
and as many students allowed to re
turn to tlie University upon strict
probation.
The number of students dropped is
not as great as at the mid-wnter va
cation, but as compared with those
forced to withdraw in years past at
this time it holds the record. Fifty
five was the sum total for last year,
and forty-live the result the year pre
ceding. The action of the scholarship
committee has been in accordance
with the policy of maintaining the
high standard set last year..
According to statistics given out by
the faculty scholarship committee,
sixty-five students of the undergrad
uate enrollment - of last year have
been requested to withdraw from the
University for a semester. In addi
tion to this number dropped for poor
work, seventeen warnings were issued
and as many students allowed to re
turn to tlie University upon strict
probation.
The number of students dropped is
not as great as at the mid-wnter va
cation, but as compared with those
forced to withdraw in years past at
this time it holds the record. Fifty
five was the sum total for last year,
and forty-live the result the year pre
ceding. The action of the scholarship
committee has been in accordance
with the policy of maintaining the
high standard set last year..
According to statistics given out by
the faculty scholarship committee,
sixty-five students of the undergrad
uate enrollment - of last year have
been requested to withdraw from the
University for a semester. In addi
tion to this number dropped for poor
work, seventeen warnings were issued
and as many students allowed to re
turn to tlie University upon strict
probation.
The number of students dropped is
not as great as at the mid-wnter va
cation, but as compared with those
forced to withdraw in years past at
this time it holds the record. Fifty
five was the sum total for last year,
and forty-live the result the year pre
ceding. The action of the scholarship
committee has been in accordance
with the policy of maintaining the
high standard set last year..
According to statistics given out by
the faculty scholarship committee,
sixty-five students of the undergrad
uate enrollment - of last year have
been requested to withdraw from the
University for a semester. In addi
tion to this number dropped for poor
work, seventeen warnings were issued
and as many students allowed to re
turn to tlie University upon strict
probation.
The number of students dropped is
not as great as at the mid-wnter va
cation, but as compared with those
forced to withdraw in years past at
this time it holds the record. Fifty
five was the sum total for last year,
and forty-live the result the year pre
ceding. The action of the scholarship
committee has been in accordance
with the policy of maintaining the
high standard set last year..
According to statistics given out by
the faculty scholarship committee,
sixty-five students of the undergrad
uate enrollment - of last year have
been requested to withdraw from the
University for a semester. In addi
tion to this number dropped for poor
work, seventeen warnings were issued
and as many students allowed to re
turn to tlie University upon strict
probation.
The number of students dropped is
not as great as at the mid-wnter va
cation, but as compared with those
forced to withdraw in years past at
this time it holds the record. Fifty
five was the sum total for last year,
and forty-live the result the year pre
ceding. The action of the scholarship
committee has been in accordance
with the policy of maintaining the
high standard set last year..
According to statistics given out by
the faculty scholarship committee,
sixty-five students of the undergrad
uate enrollment - of last year have
been requested to withdraw from the
University for a semester. In addi
tion to this number dropped for poor
work, seventeen warnings were issued
and as many students allowed to re
turn to tlie University upon strict
probation.
The number of students dropped is
not as great as at the mid-wnter va
cation, but as compared with those
forced to withdraw in years past at
this time it holds the record. Fifty
five was the sum total for last year,
and forty-live the result the year pre
ceding. The action of the scholarship
committee has been in accordance
with the policy of maintaining the
high standard set last year..
According to statistics given out by
the faculty scholarship committee,
sixty-five students of the undergrad
uate enrollment - of last year have
been requested to withdraw from the
University for a semester. In addi
tion to this number dropped for poor
work, seventeen warnings were issued
and as many students allowed to re
turn to tlie University upon strict
probation.
The number of students dropped is
not as great as at the mid-wnter va
cation, but as compared with those
forced to withdraw in years past at
this time it holds the record. Fifty
five was the sum total for last year,
and forty-live the result the year pre
ceding. The action of the scholarship
committee has been in accordance
with the policy of maintaining the
high standard set last year..
