# Gift to Department.
## 
### 
Miss L. M. Lathrop, '02, has pre
sented a collection of several hun
dred species of California plants to
the Department of Systematic Bot
any.
Miss L. M. Lathrop, '02, has pre
sented a collection of several hun
dred species of California plants to
the Department of Systematic Bot
any.
Miss L. M. Lathrop, '02, has pre
sented a collection of several hun
dred species of California plants to
the Department of Systematic Bot
any.
Miss L. M. Lathrop, '02, has pre
sented a collection of several hun
dred species of California plants to
the Department of Systematic Bot
any.
Miss L. M. Lathrop, '02, has pre
sented a collection of several hun
dred species of California plants to
the Department of Systematic Bot
any.
Miss L. M. Lathrop, '02, has pre
sented a collection of several hun
dred species of California plants to
the Department of Systematic Bot
any.
Miss L. M. Lathrop, '02, has pre
sented a collection of several hun
dred species of California plants to
the Department of Systematic Bot
any.
Miss L. M. Lathrop, '02, has pre
sented a collection of several hun
dred species of California plants to
the Department of Systematic Bot
any.
