# Football in the East.
## 
### 
Up to the present time Harvard
and Pennsylvania are the only two
teams of the Big Four that have
been defeated during the prelimi
nary contests. Columbia defeated
Pennsylvania 18-6, and Amherst
shut out Harvard 5-0. Princeton
is the only one not yet scored on.

Pennsylvania has been scored on
for 18 points, Harvard for 11, and
Yale for 15. Pennsylvania has
played seven gameß and has scored
216 points against her opponents.
Harvard, Yale and Princeton have
each played eight games, and have
scored respectively 121, 234, and
189 points. The big games will all
be played before Thanksgiving.
Pennsylvania has scored the larg
est number of points and has been
defeated once, while Princeton has
only scored 189 points. Princeton,
Pennsylvania and Harvard each
played Brown. Harvard and
Princeton beat her 29-0, while
Pennsylvania won by 30-0, so that
it appears as if Harvard will have
a close game with Pennsylvania
November 7th.
In the next class are Columbia,
Cornell and Amherst. Cornell is
the only one not yet scored on this
year. Cornell's big game with
Pennsylvania closes her season.
Up to the present time Harvard
and Pennsylvania are the only two
teams of the Big Four that have
been defeated during the prelimi
nary contests. Columbia defeated
Pennsylvania 18-6, and Amherst
shut out Harvard 5-0. Princeton
is the only one not yet scored on.

Pennsylvania has been scored on
for 18 points, Harvard for 11, and
Yale for 15. Pennsylvania has
played seven gameß and has scored
216 points against her opponents.
Harvard, Yale and Princeton have
each played eight games, and have
scored respectively 121, 234, and
189 points. The big games will all
be played before Thanksgiving.
Pennsylvania has scored the larg
est number of points and has been
defeated once, while Princeton has
only scored 189 points. Princeton,
Pennsylvania and Harvard each
played Brown. Harvard and
Princeton beat her 29-0, while
Pennsylvania won by 30-0, so that
it appears as if Harvard will have
a close game with Pennsylvania
November 7th.
In the next class are Columbia,
Cornell and Amherst. Cornell is
the only one not yet scored on this
year. Cornell's big game with
Pennsylvania closes her season.
Up to the present time Harvard
and Pennsylvania are the only two
teams of the Big Four that have
been defeated during the prelimi
nary contests. Columbia defeated
Pennsylvania 18-6, and Amherst
shut out Harvard 5-0. Princeton
is the only one not yet scored on.

Pennsylvania has been scored on
for 18 points, Harvard for 11, and
Yale for 15. Pennsylvania has
played seven gameß and has scored
216 points against her opponents.
Harvard, Yale and Princeton have
each played eight games, and have
scored respectively 121, 234, and
189 points. The big games will all
be played before Thanksgiving.
Pennsylvania has scored the larg
est number of points and has been
defeated once, while Princeton has
only scored 189 points. Princeton,
Pennsylvania and Harvard each
played Brown. Harvard and
Princeton beat her 29-0, while
Pennsylvania won by 30-0, so that
it appears as if Harvard will have
a close game with Pennsylvania
November 7th.
In the next class are Columbia,
Cornell and Amherst. Cornell is
the only one not yet scored on this
year. Cornell's big game with
Pennsylvania closes her season.
Up to the present time Harvard
and Pennsylvania are the only two
teams of the Big Four that have
been defeated during the prelimi
nary contests. Columbia defeated
Pennsylvania 18-6, and Amherst
shut out Harvard 5-0. Princeton
is the only one not yet scored on.

Pennsylvania has been scored on
for 18 points, Harvard for 11, and
Yale for 15. Pennsylvania has
played seven gameß and has scored
216 points against her opponents.
Harvard, Yale and Princeton have
each played eight games, and have
scored respectively 121, 234, and
189 points. The big games will all
be played before Thanksgiving.
Pennsylvania has scored the larg
est number of points and has been
defeated once, while Princeton has
only scored 189 points. Princeton,
Pennsylvania and Harvard each
played Brown. Harvard and
Princeton beat her 29-0, while
Pennsylvania won by 30-0, so that
it appears as if Harvard will have
a close game with Pennsylvania
November 7th.
In the next class are Columbia,
Cornell and Amherst. Cornell is
the only one not yet scored on this
year. Cornell's big game with
Pennsylvania closes her season.
Up to the present time Harvard
and Pennsylvania are the only two
teams of the Big Four that have
been defeated during the prelimi
nary contests. Columbia defeated
Pennsylvania 18-6, and Amherst
shut out Harvard 5-0. Princeton
is the only one not yet scored on.

Pennsylvania has been scored on
for 18 points, Harvard for 11, and
Yale for 15. Pennsylvania has
played seven gameß and has scored
216 points against her opponents.
Harvard, Yale and Princeton have
each played eight games, and have
scored respectively 121, 234, and
189 points. The big games will all
be played before Thanksgiving.
Pennsylvania has scored the larg
est number of points and has been
defeated once, while Princeton has
only scored 189 points. Princeton,
Pennsylvania and Harvard each
played Brown. Harvard and
Princeton beat her 29-0, while
Pennsylvania won by 30-0, so that
it appears as if Harvard will have
a close game with Pennsylvania
November 7th.
In the next class are Columbia,
Cornell and Amherst. Cornell is
the only one not yet scored on this
year. Cornell's big game with
Pennsylvania closes her season.
Up to the present time Harvard
and Pennsylvania are the only two
teams of the Big Four that have
been defeated during the prelimi
nary contests. Columbia defeated
Pennsylvania 18-6, and Amherst
shut out Harvard 5-0. Princeton
is the only one not yet scored on.

Pennsylvania has been scored on
for 18 points, Harvard for 11, and
Yale for 15. Pennsylvania has
played seven gameß and has scored
216 points against her opponents.
Harvard, Yale and Princeton have
each played eight games, and have
scored respectively 121, 234, and
189 points. The big games will all
be played before Thanksgiving.
Pennsylvania has scored the larg
est number of points and has been
defeated once, while Princeton has
only scored 189 points. Princeton,
Pennsylvania and Harvard each
played Brown. Harvard and
Princeton beat her 29-0, while
Pennsylvania won by 30-0, so that
it appears as if Harvard will have
a close game with Pennsylvania
November 7th.
In the next class are Columbia,
Cornell and Amherst. Cornell is
the only one not yet scored on this
year. Cornell's big game with
Pennsylvania closes her season.
Up to the present time Harvard
and Pennsylvania are the only two
teams of the Big Four that have
been defeated during the prelimi
nary contests. Columbia defeated
Pennsylvania 18-6, and Amherst
shut out Harvard 5-0. Princeton
is the only one not yet scored on.

Pennsylvania has been scored on
for 18 points, Harvard for 11, and
Yale for 15. Pennsylvania has
played seven gameß and has scored
216 points against her opponents.
Harvard, Yale and Princeton have
each played eight games, and have
scored respectively 121, 234, and
189 points. The big games will all
be played before Thanksgiving.
Pennsylvania has scored the larg
est number of points and has been
defeated once, while Princeton has
only scored 189 points. Princeton,
Pennsylvania and Harvard each
played Brown. Harvard and
Princeton beat her 29-0, while
Pennsylvania won by 30-0, so that
it appears as if Harvard will have
a close game with Pennsylvania
November 7th.
In the next class are Columbia,
Cornell and Amherst. Cornell is
the only one not yet scored on this
year. Cornell's big game with
Pennsylvania closes her season.
Up to the present time Harvard
and Pennsylvania are the only two
teams of the Big Four that have
been defeated during the prelimi
nary contests. Columbia defeated
Pennsylvania 18-6, and Amherst
shut out Harvard 5-0. Princeton
is the only one not yet scored on.

Pennsylvania has been scored on
for 18 points, Harvard for 11, and
Yale for 15. Pennsylvania has
played seven gameß and has scored
216 points against her opponents.
Harvard, Yale and Princeton have
each played eight games, and have
scored respectively 121, 234, and
189 points. The big games will all
be played before Thanksgiving.
Pennsylvania has scored the larg
est number of points and has been
defeated once, while Princeton has
only scored 189 points. Princeton,
Pennsylvania and Harvard each
played Brown. Harvard and
Princeton beat her 29-0, while
Pennsylvania won by 30-0, so that
it appears as if Harvard will have
a close game with Pennsylvania
November 7th.
In the next class are Columbia,
Cornell and Amherst. Cornell is
the only one not yet scored on this
year. Cornell's big game with
Pennsylvania closes her season.
