# FALL BASEBALL PRACTICE.
## Small Number of Men Appeared Yesterday for Light Work Under Captain. 
### 
About twenty men turned out
under the direction of Captain Ball
for baseball practice yesterday af
ternoon. These men were all put
through batting practice and light
infield and outfield work. Ex-
Captain Cowden has been on the
field several afternoons coaching
the men. A number of the players
who were on the diamond last year
have signified their intention of
getting out for practice as soon as
the mid-semester examinations are
over.
The Varsity players who went
through practice were R. B. Ball,
'04, C. H. Crawford, '04, P. P. Par
ker, '03, and W. Wirt, '06. The
other men out were A. E. Cooley,
'03, W. K. Roosevelt, '04, W. R.
Hamilton, '04, W. E. Burke, '05,
I). V. Moore, '05, R. I). Pike, '06,
R. A. Hudson, '06, L. R. Wein
mann, '06, F. S. Wilhelm, '07, H.
T. Wagner, '07, C. E. Stagner, '07,
W. P. Kelly, '07, E. A. Nissen,'o7.
H. P. Darby, '07, and H. R. Clark,
'07.
About twenty men turned out
under the direction of Captain Ball
for baseball practice yesterday af
ternoon. These men were all put
through batting practice and light
infield and outfield work. Ex-
Captain Cowden has been on the
field several afternoons coaching
the men. A number of the players
who were on the diamond last year
have signified their intention of
getting out for practice as soon as
the mid-semester examinations are
over.
The Varsity players who went
through practice were R. B. Ball,
'04, C. H. Crawford, '04, P. P. Par
ker, '03, and W. Wirt, '06. The
other men out were A. E. Cooley,
'03, W. K. Roosevelt, '04, W. R.
Hamilton, '04, W. E. Burke, '05,
I). V. Moore, '05, R. I). Pike, '06,
R. A. Hudson, '06, L. R. Wein
mann, '06, F. S. Wilhelm, '07, H.
T. Wagner, '07, C. E. Stagner, '07,
W. P. Kelly, '07, E. A. Nissen,'o7.
H. P. Darby, '07, and H. R. Clark,
'07.
About twenty men turned out
under the direction of Captain Ball
for baseball practice yesterday af
ternoon. These men were all put
through batting practice and light
infield and outfield work. Ex-
Captain Cowden has been on the
field several afternoons coaching
the men. A number of the players
who were on the diamond last year
have signified their intention of
getting out for practice as soon as
the mid-semester examinations are
over.
The Varsity players who went
through practice were R. B. Ball,
'04, C. H. Crawford, '04, P. P. Par
ker, '03, and W. Wirt, '06. The
other men out were A. E. Cooley,
'03, W. K. Roosevelt, '04, W. R.
Hamilton, '04, W. E. Burke, '05,
I). V. Moore, '05, R. I). Pike, '06,
R. A. Hudson, '06, L. R. Wein
mann, '06, F. S. Wilhelm, '07, H.
T. Wagner, '07, C. E. Stagner, '07,
W. P. Kelly, '07, E. A. Nissen,'o7.
H. P. Darby, '07, and H. R. Clark,
'07.
About twenty men turned out
under the direction of Captain Ball
for baseball practice yesterday af
ternoon. These men were all put
through batting practice and light
infield and outfield work. Ex-
Captain Cowden has been on the
field several afternoons coaching
the men. A number of the players
who were on the diamond last year
have signified their intention of
getting out for practice as soon as
the mid-semester examinations are
over.
The Varsity players who went
through practice were R. B. Ball,
'04, C. H. Crawford, '04, P. P. Par
ker, '03, and W. Wirt, '06. The
other men out were A. E. Cooley,
'03, W. K. Roosevelt, '04, W. R.
Hamilton, '04, W. E. Burke, '05,
I). V. Moore, '05, R. I). Pike, '06,
R. A. Hudson, '06, L. R. Wein
mann, '06, F. S. Wilhelm, '07, H.
T. Wagner, '07, C. E. Stagner, '07,
W. P. Kelly, '07, E. A. Nissen,'o7.
H. P. Darby, '07, and H. R. Clark,
'07.
About twenty men turned out
under the direction of Captain Ball
for baseball practice yesterday af
ternoon. These men were all put
through batting practice and light
infield and outfield work. Ex-
Captain Cowden has been on the
field several afternoons coaching
the men. A number of the players
who were on the diamond last year
have signified their intention of
getting out for practice as soon as
the mid-semester examinations are
over.
The Varsity players who went
through practice were R. B. Ball,
'04, C. H. Crawford, '04, P. P. Par
ker, '03, and W. Wirt, '06. The
other men out were A. E. Cooley,
'03, W. K. Roosevelt, '04, W. R.
Hamilton, '04, W. E. Burke, '05,
I). V. Moore, '05, R. I). Pike, '06,
R. A. Hudson, '06, L. R. Wein
mann, '06, F. S. Wilhelm, '07, H.
T. Wagner, '07, C. E. Stagner, '07,
W. P. Kelly, '07, E. A. Nissen,'o7.
H. P. Darby, '07, and H. R. Clark,
'07.
About twenty men turned out
under the direction of Captain Ball
for baseball practice yesterday af
ternoon. These men were all put
through batting practice and light
infield and outfield work. Ex-
Captain Cowden has been on the
field several afternoons coaching
the men. A number of the players
who were on the diamond last year
have signified their intention of
getting out for practice as soon as
the mid-semester examinations are
over.
The Varsity players who went
through practice were R. B. Ball,
'04, C. H. Crawford, '04, P. P. Par
ker, '03, and W. Wirt, '06. The
other men out were A. E. Cooley,
'03, W. K. Roosevelt, '04, W. R.
Hamilton, '04, W. E. Burke, '05,
I). V. Moore, '05, R. I). Pike, '06,
R. A. Hudson, '06, L. R. Wein
mann, '06, F. S. Wilhelm, '07, H.
T. Wagner, '07, C. E. Stagner, '07,
W. P. Kelly, '07, E. A. Nissen,'o7.
H. P. Darby, '07, and H. R. Clark,
'07.
About twenty men turned out
under the direction of Captain Ball
for baseball practice yesterday af
ternoon. These men were all put
through batting practice and light
infield and outfield work. Ex-
Captain Cowden has been on the
field several afternoons coaching
the men. A number of the players
who were on the diamond last year
have signified their intention of
getting out for practice as soon as
the mid-semester examinations are
over.
The Varsity players who went
through practice were R. B. Ball,
'04, C. H. Crawford, '04, P. P. Par
ker, '03, and W. Wirt, '06. The
other men out were A. E. Cooley,
'03, W. K. Roosevelt, '04, W. R.
Hamilton, '04, W. E. Burke, '05,
I). V. Moore, '05, R. I). Pike, '06,
R. A. Hudson, '06, L. R. Wein
mann, '06, F. S. Wilhelm, '07, H.
T. Wagner, '07, C. E. Stagner, '07,
W. P. Kelly, '07, E. A. Nissen,'o7.
H. P. Darby, '07, and H. R. Clark,
'07.
About twenty men turned out
under the direction of Captain Ball
for baseball practice yesterday af
ternoon. These men were all put
through batting practice and light
infield and outfield work. Ex-
Captain Cowden has been on the
field several afternoons coaching
the men. A number of the players
who were on the diamond last year
have signified their intention of
getting out for practice as soon as
the mid-semester examinations are
over.
The Varsity players who went
through practice were R. B. Ball,
'04, C. H. Crawford, '04, P. P. Par
ker, '03, and W. Wirt, '06. The
other men out were A. E. Cooley,
'03, W. K. Roosevelt, '04, W. R.
Hamilton, '04, W. E. Burke, '05,
I). V. Moore, '05, R. I). Pike, '06,
R. A. Hudson, '06, L. R. Wein
mann, '06, F. S. Wilhelm, '07, H.
T. Wagner, '07, C. E. Stagner, '07,
W. P. Kelly, '07, E. A. Nissen,'o7.
H. P. Darby, '07, and H. R. Clark,
'07.
