# Untitled Article
## 
### 
• Puccini's "Turandot:" A noble effort, but not noble
enough. See page 8.
Inside
• Golub's graphics grace the Stanford Art Gallery. See
page 7.
• Regina Jacobs made the varsity team — did she ever.
See 9.
Outside
Sunny and warm, with highs near 80. Gusty morning
winds; fair nights. Lows in the upper 30s.

• Puccini's "Turandot:" A noble effort, but not noble
enough. See page 8.
Inside
• Golub's graphics grace the Stanford Art Gallery. See
page 7.
• Regina Jacobs made the varsity team — did she ever.
See 9.
Outside
Sunny and warm, with highs near 80. Gusty morning
winds; fair nights. Lows in the upper 30s.

• Puccini's "Turandot:" A noble effort, but not noble
enough. See page 8.
Inside
• Golub's graphics grace the Stanford Art Gallery. See
page 7.
• Regina Jacobs made the varsity team — did she ever.
See 9.
Outside
Sunny and warm, with highs near 80. Gusty morning
winds; fair nights. Lows in the upper 30s.

• Puccini's "Turandot:" A noble effort, but not noble
enough. See page 8.
Inside
• Golub's graphics grace the Stanford Art Gallery. See
page 7.
• Regina Jacobs made the varsity team — did she ever.
See 9.
Outside
Sunny and warm, with highs near 80. Gusty morning
winds; fair nights. Lows in the upper 30s.

• Puccini's "Turandot:" A noble effort, but not noble
enough. See page 8.
Inside
• Golub's graphics grace the Stanford Art Gallery. See
page 7.
• Regina Jacobs made the varsity team — did she ever.
See 9.
Outside
Sunny and warm, with highs near 80. Gusty morning
winds; fair nights. Lows in the upper 30s.

• Puccini's "Turandot:" A noble effort, but not noble
enough. See page 8.
Inside
• Golub's graphics grace the Stanford Art Gallery. See
page 7.
• Regina Jacobs made the varsity team — did she ever.
See 9.
Outside
Sunny and warm, with highs near 80. Gusty morning
winds; fair nights. Lows in the upper 30s.

• Puccini's "Turandot:" A noble effort, but not noble
enough. See page 8.
Inside
• Golub's graphics grace the Stanford Art Gallery. See
page 7.
• Regina Jacobs made the varsity team — did she ever.
See 9.
Outside
Sunny and warm, with highs near 80. Gusty morning
winds; fair nights. Lows in the upper 30s.

• Puccini's "Turandot:" A noble effort, but not noble
enough. See page 8.
Inside
• Golub's graphics grace the Stanford Art Gallery. See
page 7.
• Regina Jacobs made the varsity team — did she ever.
See 9.
Outside
Sunny and warm, with highs near 80. Gusty morning
winds; fair nights. Lows in the upper 30s.

