# Terminal Grads To Get Simplified Reg, Lower Fees
## 
### 
Dr. Harvey Hall, registrar, has
announced a new registration
polity for terminal graduate stu
dents that will go into effect win
ter quarier.
According to Hall, the program
simplifies registration for gradu
ate students who have completed
courses and residence require
ments for an advanced degree, but
have not completed the disserta
tion.
Previously, such graduates
could register only on an auditor's
basis at .$75 per quarter. The new
program will cost $35 per quarter.
This new terminal registration
satisfies the requirement that stu
dents must be registered in order
to receive awards, and to use the
Health Service, library and other
facilities.
Graduates in this program will
be allowed lo continue living in
University apartments for three
quarters.
Terminal graduates who have
registered in the past on an At
tendance Permit Basis should see
Mrs. Tatum, Registrar's Office,
Room 111-J. Those needing to es
tablish their eligibility should
first see Miss Florine Mcintosh,
graduate Study secretary, 111-M.
Dr. Harvey Hall, registrar, has
announced a new registration
polity for terminal graduate stu
dents that will go into effect win
ter quarier.
According to Hall, the program
simplifies registration for gradu
ate students who have completed
courses and residence require
ments for an advanced degree, but
have not completed the disserta
tion.
Previously, such graduates
could register only on an auditor's
basis at .$75 per quarter. The new
program will cost $35 per quarter.
This new terminal registration
satisfies the requirement that stu
dents must be registered in order
to receive awards, and to use the
Health Service, library and other
facilities.
Graduates in this program will
be allowed lo continue living in
University apartments for three
quarters.
Terminal graduates who have
registered in the past on an At
tendance Permit Basis should see
Mrs. Tatum, Registrar's Office,
Room 111-J. Those needing to es
tablish their eligibility should
first see Miss Florine Mcintosh,
graduate Study secretary, 111-M.
Dr. Harvey Hall, registrar, has
announced a new registration
polity for terminal graduate stu
dents that will go into effect win
ter quarier.
According to Hall, the program
simplifies registration for gradu
ate students who have completed
courses and residence require
ments for an advanced degree, but
have not completed the disserta
tion.
Previously, such graduates
could register only on an auditor's
basis at .$75 per quarter. The new
program will cost $35 per quarter.
This new terminal registration
satisfies the requirement that stu
dents must be registered in order
to receive awards, and to use the
Health Service, library and other
facilities.
Graduates in this program will
be allowed lo continue living in
University apartments for three
quarters.
Terminal graduates who have
registered in the past on an At
tendance Permit Basis should see
Mrs. Tatum, Registrar's Office,
Room 111-J. Those needing to es
tablish their eligibility should
first see Miss Florine Mcintosh,
graduate Study secretary, 111-M.
Dr. Harvey Hall, registrar, has
announced a new registration
polity for terminal graduate stu
dents that will go into effect win
ter quarier.
According to Hall, the program
simplifies registration for gradu
ate students who have completed
courses and residence require
ments for an advanced degree, but
have not completed the disserta
tion.
Previously, such graduates
could register only on an auditor's
basis at .$75 per quarter. The new
program will cost $35 per quarter.
This new terminal registration
satisfies the requirement that stu
dents must be registered in order
to receive awards, and to use the
Health Service, library and other
facilities.
Graduates in this program will
be allowed lo continue living in
University apartments for three
quarters.
Terminal graduates who have
registered in the past on an At
tendance Permit Basis should see
Mrs. Tatum, Registrar's Office,
Room 111-J. Those needing to es
tablish their eligibility should
first see Miss Florine Mcintosh,
graduate Study secretary, 111-M.
Dr. Harvey Hall, registrar, has
announced a new registration
polity for terminal graduate stu
dents that will go into effect win
ter quarier.
According to Hall, the program
simplifies registration for gradu
ate students who have completed
courses and residence require
ments for an advanced degree, but
have not completed the disserta
tion.
Previously, such graduates
could register only on an auditor's
basis at .$75 per quarter. The new
program will cost $35 per quarter.
This new terminal registration
satisfies the requirement that stu
dents must be registered in order
to receive awards, and to use the
Health Service, library and other
facilities.
Graduates in this program will
be allowed lo continue living in
University apartments for three
quarters.
Terminal graduates who have
registered in the past on an At
tendance Permit Basis should see
Mrs. Tatum, Registrar's Office,
Room 111-J. Those needing to es
tablish their eligibility should
first see Miss Florine Mcintosh,
graduate Study secretary, 111-M.
Dr. Harvey Hall, registrar, has
announced a new registration
polity for terminal graduate stu
dents that will go into effect win
ter quarier.
According to Hall, the program
simplifies registration for gradu
ate students who have completed
courses and residence require
ments for an advanced degree, but
have not completed the disserta
tion.
Previously, such graduates
could register only on an auditor's
basis at .$75 per quarter. The new
program will cost $35 per quarter.
This new terminal registration
satisfies the requirement that stu
dents must be registered in order
to receive awards, and to use the
Health Service, library and other
facilities.
Graduates in this program will
be allowed lo continue living in
University apartments for three
quarters.
Terminal graduates who have
registered in the past on an At
tendance Permit Basis should see
Mrs. Tatum, Registrar's Office,
Room 111-J. Those needing to es
tablish their eligibility should
first see Miss Florine Mcintosh,
graduate Study secretary, 111-M.
Dr. Harvey Hall, registrar, has
announced a new registration
polity for terminal graduate stu
dents that will go into effect win
ter quarier.
According to Hall, the program
simplifies registration for gradu
ate students who have completed
courses and residence require
ments for an advanced degree, but
have not completed the disserta
tion.
Previously, such graduates
could register only on an auditor's
basis at .$75 per quarter. The new
program will cost $35 per quarter.
This new terminal registration
satisfies the requirement that stu
dents must be registered in order
to receive awards, and to use the
Health Service, library and other
facilities.
Graduates in this program will
be allowed lo continue living in
University apartments for three
quarters.
Terminal graduates who have
registered in the past on an At
tendance Permit Basis should see
Mrs. Tatum, Registrar's Office,
Room 111-J. Those needing to es
tablish their eligibility should
first see Miss Florine Mcintosh,
graduate Study secretary, 111-M.
Dr. Harvey Hall, registrar, has
announced a new registration
polity for terminal graduate stu
dents that will go into effect win
ter quarier.
According to Hall, the program
simplifies registration for gradu
ate students who have completed
courses and residence require
ments for an advanced degree, but
have not completed the disserta
tion.
Previously, such graduates
could register only on an auditor's
basis at .$75 per quarter. The new
program will cost $35 per quarter.
This new terminal registration
satisfies the requirement that stu
dents must be registered in order
to receive awards, and to use the
Health Service, library and other
facilities.
Graduates in this program will
be allowed lo continue living in
University apartments for three
quarters.
Terminal graduates who have
registered in the past on an At
tendance Permit Basis should see
Mrs. Tatum, Registrar's Office,
Room 111-J. Those needing to es
tablish their eligibility should
first see Miss Florine Mcintosh,
graduate Study secretary, 111-M.
Dr. Harvey Hall, registrar, has
announced a new registration
polity for terminal graduate stu
dents that will go into effect win
ter quarier.
According to Hall, the program
simplifies registration for gradu
ate students who have completed
courses and residence require
ments for an advanced degree, but
have not completed the disserta
tion.
Previously, such graduates
could register only on an auditor's
basis at .$75 per quarter. The new
program will cost $35 per quarter.
This new terminal registration
satisfies the requirement that stu
dents must be registered in order
to receive awards, and to use the
Health Service, library and other
facilities.
Graduates in this program will
be allowed lo continue living in
University apartments for three
quarters.
Terminal graduates who have
registered in the past on an At
tendance Permit Basis should see
Mrs. Tatum, Registrar's Office,
Room 111-J. Those needing to es
tablish their eligibility should
first see Miss Florine Mcintosh,
graduate Study secretary, 111-M.
Dr. Harvey Hall, registrar, has
announced a new registration
polity for terminal graduate stu
dents that will go into effect win
ter quarier.
According to Hall, the program
simplifies registration for gradu
ate students who have completed
courses and residence require
ments for an advanced degree, but
have not completed the disserta
tion.
Previously, such graduates
could register only on an auditor's
basis at .$75 per quarter. The new
program will cost $35 per quarter.
This new terminal registration
satisfies the requirement that stu
dents must be registered in order
to receive awards, and to use the
Health Service, library and other
facilities.
Graduates in this program will
be allowed lo continue living in
University apartments for three
quarters.
Terminal graduates who have
registered in the past on an At
tendance Permit Basis should see
Mrs. Tatum, Registrar's Office,
Room 111-J. Those needing to es
tablish their eligibility should
first see Miss Florine Mcintosh,
graduate Study secretary, 111-M.
Dr. Harvey Hall, registrar, has
announced a new registration
polity for terminal graduate stu
dents that will go into effect win
ter quarier.
According to Hall, the program
simplifies registration for gradu
ate students who have completed
courses and residence require
ments for an advanced degree, but
have not completed the disserta
tion.
Previously, such graduates
could register only on an auditor's
basis at .$75 per quarter. The new
program will cost $35 per quarter.
This new terminal registration
satisfies the requirement that stu
dents must be registered in order
to receive awards, and to use the
Health Service, library and other
facilities.
Graduates in this program will
be allowed lo continue living in
University apartments for three
quarters.
Terminal graduates who have
registered in the past on an At
tendance Permit Basis should see
Mrs. Tatum, Registrar's Office,
Room 111-J. Those needing to es
tablish their eligibility should
first see Miss Florine Mcintosh,
graduate Study secretary, 111-M.
Dr. Harvey Hall, registrar, has
announced a new registration
polity for terminal graduate stu
dents that will go into effect win
ter quarier.
According to Hall, the program
simplifies registration for gradu
ate students who have completed
courses and residence require
ments for an advanced degree, but
have not completed the disserta
tion.
Previously, such graduates
could register only on an auditor's
basis at .$75 per quarter. The new
program will cost $35 per quarter.
This new terminal registration
satisfies the requirement that stu
dents must be registered in order
to receive awards, and to use the
Health Service, library and other
facilities.
Graduates in this program will
be allowed lo continue living in
University apartments for three
quarters.
Terminal graduates who have
registered in the past on an At
tendance Permit Basis should see
Mrs. Tatum, Registrar's Office,
Room 111-J. Those needing to es
tablish their eligibility should
first see Miss Florine Mcintosh,
graduate Study secretary, 111-M.
Dr. Harvey Hall, registrar, has
announced a new registration
polity for terminal graduate stu
dents that will go into effect win
ter quarier.
According to Hall, the program
simplifies registration for gradu
ate students who have completed
courses and residence require
ments for an advanced degree, but
have not completed the disserta
tion.
Previously, such graduates
could register only on an auditor's
basis at .$75 per quarter. The new
program will cost $35 per quarter.
This new terminal registration
satisfies the requirement that stu
dents must be registered in order
to receive awards, and to use the
Health Service, library and other
facilities.
Graduates in this program will
be allowed lo continue living in
University apartments for three
quarters.
Terminal graduates who have
registered in the past on an At
tendance Permit Basis should see
Mrs. Tatum, Registrar's Office,
Room 111-J. Those needing to es
tablish their eligibility should
first see Miss Florine Mcintosh,
graduate Study secretary, 111-M.
Dr. Harvey Hall, registrar, has
announced a new registration
polity for terminal graduate stu
dents that will go into effect win
ter quarier.
According to Hall, the program
simplifies registration for gradu
ate students who have completed
courses and residence require
ments for an advanced degree, but
have not completed the disserta
tion.
Previously, such graduates
could register only on an auditor's
basis at .$75 per quarter. The new
program will cost $35 per quarter.
This new terminal registration
satisfies the requirement that stu
dents must be registered in order
to receive awards, and to use the
Health Service, library and other
facilities.
Graduates in this program will
be allowed lo continue living in
University apartments for three
quarters.
Terminal graduates who have
registered in the past on an At
tendance Permit Basis should see
Mrs. Tatum, Registrar's Office,
Room 111-J. Those needing to es
tablish their eligibility should
first see Miss Florine Mcintosh,
graduate Study secretary, 111-M.
Dr. Harvey Hall, registrar, has
announced a new registration
polity for terminal graduate stu
dents that will go into effect win
ter quarier.
According to Hall, the program
simplifies registration for gradu
ate students who have completed
courses and residence require
ments for an advanced degree, but
have not completed the disserta
tion.
Previously, such graduates
could register only on an auditor's
basis at .$75 per quarter. The new
program will cost $35 per quarter.
This new terminal registration
satisfies the requirement that stu
dents must be registered in order
to receive awards, and to use the
Health Service, library and other
facilities.
Graduates in this program will
be allowed lo continue living in
University apartments for three
quarters.
Terminal graduates who have
registered in the past on an At
tendance Permit Basis should see
Mrs. Tatum, Registrar's Office,
Room 111-J. Those needing to es
tablish their eligibility should
first see Miss Florine Mcintosh,
graduate Study secretary, 111-M.
Dr. Harvey Hall, registrar, has
announced a new registration
polity for terminal graduate stu
dents that will go into effect win
ter quarier.
According to Hall, the program
simplifies registration for gradu
ate students who have completed
courses and residence require
ments for an advanced degree, but
have not completed the disserta
tion.
Previously, such graduates
could register only on an auditor's
basis at .$75 per quarter. The new
program will cost $35 per quarter.
This new terminal registration
satisfies the requirement that stu
dents must be registered in order
to receive awards, and to use the
Health Service, library and other
facilities.
Graduates in this program will
be allowed lo continue living in
University apartments for three
quarters.
Terminal graduates who have
registered in the past on an At
tendance Permit Basis should see
Mrs. Tatum, Registrar's Office,
Room 111-J. Those needing to es
tablish their eligibility should
first see Miss Florine Mcintosh,
graduate Study secretary, 111-M.
Dr. Harvey Hall, registrar, has
announced a new registration
polity for terminal graduate stu
dents that will go into effect win
ter quarier.
According to Hall, the program
simplifies registration for gradu
ate students who have completed
courses and residence require
ments for an advanced degree, but
have not completed the disserta
tion.
Previously, such graduates
could register only on an auditor's
basis at .$75 per quarter. The new
program will cost $35 per quarter.
This new terminal registration
satisfies the requirement that stu
dents must be registered in order
to receive awards, and to use the
Health Service, library and other
facilities.
Graduates in this program will
be allowed lo continue living in
University apartments for three
quarters.
Terminal graduates who have
registered in the past on an At
tendance Permit Basis should see
Mrs. Tatum, Registrar's Office,
Room 111-J. Those needing to es
tablish their eligibility should
first see Miss Florine Mcintosh,
graduate Study secretary, 111-M.
Dr. Harvey Hall, registrar, has
announced a new registration
polity for terminal graduate stu
dents that will go into effect win
ter quarier.
According to Hall, the program
simplifies registration for gradu
ate students who have completed
courses and residence require
ments for an advanced degree, but
have not completed the disserta
tion.
Previously, such graduates
could register only on an auditor's
basis at .$75 per quarter. The new
program will cost $35 per quarter.
This new terminal registration
satisfies the requirement that stu
dents must be registered in order
to receive awards, and to use the
Health Service, library and other
facilities.
Graduates in this program will
be allowed lo continue living in
University apartments for three
quarters.
Terminal graduates who have
registered in the past on an At
tendance Permit Basis should see
Mrs. Tatum, Registrar's Office,
Room 111-J. Those needing to es
tablish their eligibility should
first see Miss Florine Mcintosh,
graduate Study secretary, 111-M.
