# Mural Schedule
## 
### 
Managers of all intramural
howling teams are requested lo
see Mr. Hugge in (lie intra
mural office sometime next
week regarding Winter Quarter
howling.
INTRAMURAL BOXING
CHAMPIONSHIPS
Heavyweight—Laeey-Zete
178 —Grialou-Relt
1(55 —Arnold-Madera
!•"»♦» —Rlackstone (default )-
Tlieta Chi
117 —S. Keteluim-Phi Delt
132—Bryan SAE
Managers of all intramural
howling teams are requested lo
see Mr. Hugge in (lie intra
mural office sometime next
week regarding Winter Quarter
howling.
INTRAMURAL BOXING
CHAMPIONSHIPS
Heavyweight—Laeey-Zete
178 —Grialou-Relt
1(55 —Arnold-Madera
!•"»♦» —Rlackstone (default )-
Tlieta Chi
117 —S. Keteluim-Phi Delt
132—Bryan SAE
Managers of all intramural
howling teams are requested lo
see Mr. Hugge in (lie intra
mural office sometime next
week regarding Winter Quarter
howling.
INTRAMURAL BOXING
CHAMPIONSHIPS
Heavyweight—Laeey-Zete
178 —Grialou-Relt
1(55 —Arnold-Madera
!•"»♦» —Rlackstone (default )-
Tlieta Chi
117 —S. Keteluim-Phi Delt
132—Bryan SAE
Managers of all intramural
howling teams are requested lo
see Mr. Hugge in (lie intra
mural office sometime next
week regarding Winter Quarter
howling.
INTRAMURAL BOXING
CHAMPIONSHIPS
Heavyweight—Laeey-Zete
178 —Grialou-Relt
1(55 —Arnold-Madera
!•"»♦» —Rlackstone (default )-
Tlieta Chi
117 —S. Keteluim-Phi Delt
132—Bryan SAE
Managers of all intramural
howling teams are requested lo
see Mr. Hugge in (lie intra
mural office sometime next
week regarding Winter Quarter
howling.
INTRAMURAL BOXING
CHAMPIONSHIPS
Heavyweight—Laeey-Zete
178 —Grialou-Relt
1(55 —Arnold-Madera
!•"»♦» —Rlackstone (default )-
Tlieta Chi
117 —S. Keteluim-Phi Delt
132—Bryan SAE
Managers of all intramural
howling teams are requested lo
see Mr. Hugge in (lie intra
mural office sometime next
week regarding Winter Quarter
howling.
INTRAMURAL BOXING
CHAMPIONSHIPS
Heavyweight—Laeey-Zete
178 —Grialou-Relt
1(55 —Arnold-Madera
!•"»♦» —Rlackstone (default )-
Tlieta Chi
117 —S. Keteluim-Phi Delt
132—Bryan SAE
Managers of all intramural
howling teams are requested lo
see Mr. Hugge in (lie intra
mural office sometime next
week regarding Winter Quarter
howling.
INTRAMURAL BOXING
CHAMPIONSHIPS
Heavyweight—Laeey-Zete
178 —Grialou-Relt
1(55 —Arnold-Madera
!•"»♦» —Rlackstone (default )-
Tlieta Chi
117 —S. Keteluim-Phi Delt
132—Bryan SAE
Managers of all intramural
howling teams are requested lo
see Mr. Hugge in (lie intra
mural office sometime next
week regarding Winter Quarter
howling.
INTRAMURAL BOXING
CHAMPIONSHIPS
Heavyweight—Laeey-Zete
178 —Grialou-Relt
1(55 —Arnold-Madera
!•"»♦» —Rlackstone (default )-
Tlieta Chi
117 —S. Keteluim-Phi Delt
132—Bryan SAE
Managers of all intramural
howling teams are requested lo
see Mr. Hugge in (lie intra
mural office sometime next
week regarding Winter Quarter
howling.
INTRAMURAL BOXING
CHAMPIONSHIPS
Heavyweight—Laeey-Zete
178 —Grialou-Relt
1(55 —Arnold-Madera
!•"»♦» —Rlackstone (default )-
Tlieta Chi
117 —S. Keteluim-Phi Delt
132—Bryan SAE
Managers of all intramural
howling teams are requested lo
see Mr. Hugge in (lie intra
mural office sometime next
week regarding Winter Quarter
howling.
INTRAMURAL BOXING
CHAMPIONSHIPS
Heavyweight—Laeey-Zete
178 —Grialou-Relt
1(55 —Arnold-Madera
!•"»♦» —Rlackstone (default )-
Tlieta Chi
117 —S. Keteluim-Phi Delt
132—Bryan SAE
Managers of all intramural
howling teams are requested lo
see Mr. Hugge in (lie intra
mural office sometime next
week regarding Winter Quarter
howling.
INTRAMURAL BOXING
CHAMPIONSHIPS
Heavyweight—Laeey-Zete
178 —Grialou-Relt
1(55 —Arnold-Madera
!•"»♦» —Rlackstone (default )-
Tlieta Chi
117 —S. Keteluim-Phi Delt
132—Bryan SAE
Managers of all intramural
howling teams are requested lo
see Mr. Hugge in (lie intra
mural office sometime next
week regarding Winter Quarter
howling.
INTRAMURAL BOXING
CHAMPIONSHIPS
Heavyweight—Laeey-Zete
178 —Grialou-Relt
1(55 —Arnold-Madera
!•"»♦» —Rlackstone (default )-
Tlieta Chi
117 —S. Keteluim-Phi Delt
132—Bryan SAE
Managers of all intramural
howling teams are requested lo
see Mr. Hugge in (lie intra
mural office sometime next
week regarding Winter Quarter
howling.
INTRAMURAL BOXING
CHAMPIONSHIPS
Heavyweight—Laeey-Zete
178 —Grialou-Relt
1(55 —Arnold-Madera
!•"»♦» —Rlackstone (default )-
Tlieta Chi
117 —S. Keteluim-Phi Delt
132—Bryan SAE
Managers of all intramural
howling teams are requested lo
see Mr. Hugge in (lie intra
mural office sometime next
week regarding Winter Quarter
howling.
INTRAMURAL BOXING
CHAMPIONSHIPS
Heavyweight—Laeey-Zete
178 —Grialou-Relt
1(55 —Arnold-Madera
!•"»♦» —Rlackstone (default )-
Tlieta Chi
117 —S. Keteluim-Phi Delt
132—Bryan SAE
Managers of all intramural
howling teams are requested lo
see Mr. Hugge in (lie intra
mural office sometime next
week regarding Winter Quarter
howling.
INTRAMURAL BOXING
CHAMPIONSHIPS
Heavyweight—Laeey-Zete
178 —Grialou-Relt
1(55 —Arnold-Madera
!•"»♦» —Rlackstone (default )-
Tlieta Chi
117 —S. Keteluim-Phi Delt
132—Bryan SAE
Managers of all intramural
howling teams are requested lo
see Mr. Hugge in (lie intra
mural office sometime next
week regarding Winter Quarter
howling.
INTRAMURAL BOXING
CHAMPIONSHIPS
Heavyweight—Laeey-Zete
178 —Grialou-Relt
1(55 —Arnold-Madera
!•"»♦» —Rlackstone (default )-
Tlieta Chi
117 —S. Keteluim-Phi Delt
132—Bryan SAE
Managers of all intramural
howling teams are requested lo
see Mr. Hugge in (lie intra
mural office sometime next
week regarding Winter Quarter
howling.
INTRAMURAL BOXING
CHAMPIONSHIPS
Heavyweight—Laeey-Zete
178 —Grialou-Relt
1(55 —Arnold-Madera
!•"»♦» —Rlackstone (default )-
Tlieta Chi
117 —S. Keteluim-Phi Delt
132—Bryan SAE
Managers of all intramural
howling teams are requested lo
see Mr. Hugge in (lie intra
mural office sometime next
week regarding Winter Quarter
howling.
INTRAMURAL BOXING
CHAMPIONSHIPS
Heavyweight—Laeey-Zete
178 —Grialou-Relt
1(55 —Arnold-Madera
!•"»♦» —Rlackstone (default )-
Tlieta Chi
117 —S. Keteluim-Phi Delt
132—Bryan SAE
