# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Diane Ilillhouse,
*61, to Roy A. MacDiarmid, in
structor (<f geology at Tulane Uni
versity, formerly of Stanford
Graduate School of (Jeology.
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Diane Ilillhouse,
*61, to Roy A. MacDiarmid, in
structor (<f geology at Tulane Uni
versity, formerly of Stanford
Graduate School of (Jeology.
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Diane Ilillhouse,
*61, to Roy A. MacDiarmid, in
structor (<f geology at Tulane Uni
versity, formerly of Stanford
Graduate School of (Jeology.
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Diane Ilillhouse,
*61, to Roy A. MacDiarmid, in
structor (<f geology at Tulane Uni
versity, formerly of Stanford
Graduate School of (Jeology.
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Diane Ilillhouse,
*61, to Roy A. MacDiarmid, in
structor (<f geology at Tulane Uni
versity, formerly of Stanford
Graduate School of (Jeology.
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Diane Ilillhouse,
*61, to Roy A. MacDiarmid, in
structor (<f geology at Tulane Uni
versity, formerly of Stanford
Graduate School of (Jeology.
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Diane Ilillhouse,
*61, to Roy A. MacDiarmid, in
structor (<f geology at Tulane Uni
versity, formerly of Stanford
Graduate School of (Jeology.
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Diane Ilillhouse,
*61, to Roy A. MacDiarmid, in
structor (<f geology at Tulane Uni
versity, formerly of Stanford
Graduate School of (Jeology.
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Diane Ilillhouse,
*61, to Roy A. MacDiarmid, in
structor (<f geology at Tulane Uni
versity, formerly of Stanford
Graduate School of (Jeology.
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Diane Ilillhouse,
*61, to Roy A. MacDiarmid, in
structor (<f geology at Tulane Uni
versity, formerly of Stanford
Graduate School of (Jeology.
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Diane Ilillhouse,
*61, to Roy A. MacDiarmid, in
structor (<f geology at Tulane Uni
versity, formerly of Stanford
Graduate School of (Jeology.
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Diane Ilillhouse,
*61, to Roy A. MacDiarmid, in
structor (<f geology at Tulane Uni
versity, formerly of Stanford
Graduate School of (Jeology.
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Diane Ilillhouse,
*61, to Roy A. MacDiarmid, in
structor (<f geology at Tulane Uni
versity, formerly of Stanford
Graduate School of (Jeology.
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Diane Ilillhouse,
*61, to Roy A. MacDiarmid, in
structor (<f geology at Tulane Uni
versity, formerly of Stanford
Graduate School of (Jeology.
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Diane Ilillhouse,
*61, to Roy A. MacDiarmid, in
structor (<f geology at Tulane Uni
versity, formerly of Stanford
Graduate School of (Jeology.
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Diane Ilillhouse,
*61, to Roy A. MacDiarmid, in
structor (<f geology at Tulane Uni
versity, formerly of Stanford
Graduate School of (Jeology.
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Diane Ilillhouse,
*61, to Roy A. MacDiarmid, in
structor (<f geology at Tulane Uni
versity, formerly of Stanford
Graduate School of (Jeology.
Paloma House announces the
engagement of Diane Ilillhouse,
*61, to Roy A. MacDiarmid, in
structor (<f geology at Tulane Uni
versity, formerly of Stanford
Graduate School of (Jeology.
