# Dr. Jordan to Talk on Herbert Hoover
## American Needs During Next Four Years is Theme of Tonight's Talk 
### 
Dr. David Starr Jordan will outline
the future needs of Europe and Amer
ica during the next presidential ad
ministration, in a address which he
will deliver this evening at 7:30 in
the Assembly Hall under the auspices
of Nestoria Debating Society. "Herbert
Hoover, His Life and Work," will be
the specific title of the address, and
during the speech Dr. Jordan will ex
plain why he thinks that Hoover is
L..e man best qualified for the presi
dency.
The organization ability and the
statesmanship which Hoover demon
strated in his capacity as head of the
Belgian Relief Commission, as Food
Administrator, and as Director General
of the European railways; will be
considered by the speaker. Dr. Jordan
will also clear up some misconceptions
that have arisen as to Herbert Hoov
er's character and ability. These mis
taken ideas have been circulating in
the American magazines for some time
past.
Dr. Jordan stated today that he has
known Hoover intimately since the
latter's registration in the University
as the first student in Encina Hall.
Dr. Jordan co-operated with Hoover in
his work as head of the Belgian Relief
Commission and has so had an op
portunity to really judge in what way
Hoover is best fitted for the presi
dential chair. Dr. Jordan's intimate
experience with European affairs gain
ed through his war work will enable
him to predict accurately what are the
prime needs of Europe and America
today.
