# Margaret Burton Talks At Wranglers Meeting
## 
### 
Afarearet Burton, '20, talked on the
"Presidential Candidates" at a meeting
of the Wranglers' Society held in the
Women's Clubhouse last night. A short
business meeting followed the talk.
Afarearet Burton, '20, talked on the
"Presidential Candidates" at a meeting
of the Wranglers' Society held in the
Women's Clubhouse last night. A short
business meeting followed the talk.
Afarearet Burton, '20, talked on the
"Presidential Candidates" at a meeting
of the Wranglers' Society held in the
Women's Clubhouse last night. A short
business meeting followed the talk.
Afarearet Burton, '20, talked on the
"Presidential Candidates" at a meeting
of the Wranglers' Society held in the
Women's Clubhouse last night. A short
business meeting followed the talk.
Afarearet Burton, '20, talked on the
"Presidential Candidates" at a meeting
of the Wranglers' Society held in the
Women's Clubhouse last night. A short
business meeting followed the talk.
Afarearet Burton, '20, talked on the
"Presidential Candidates" at a meeting
of the Wranglers' Society held in the
Women's Clubhouse last night. A short
business meeting followed the talk.
Afarearet Burton, '20, talked on the
"Presidential Candidates" at a meeting
of the Wranglers' Society held in the
Women's Clubhouse last night. A short
business meeting followed the talk.
Afarearet Burton, '20, talked on the
"Presidential Candidates" at a meeting
of the Wranglers' Society held in the
Women's Clubhouse last night. A short
business meeting followed the talk.
Afarearet Burton, '20, talked on the
"Presidential Candidates" at a meeting
of the Wranglers' Society held in the
Women's Clubhouse last night. A short
business meeting followed the talk.
Afarearet Burton, '20, talked on the
"Presidential Candidates" at a meeting
of the Wranglers' Society held in the
Women's Clubhouse last night. A short
business meeting followed the talk.
Afarearet Burton, '20, talked on the
"Presidential Candidates" at a meeting
of the Wranglers' Society held in the
Women's Clubhouse last night. A short
business meeting followed the talk.
Afarearet Burton, '20, talked on the
"Presidential Candidates" at a meeting
of the Wranglers' Society held in the
Women's Clubhouse last night. A short
business meeting followed the talk.
