# 'IT'S ALL WASHED UP'
## 
### 

Andrew Mellon, former secretary of the treasurer, smilingly assented
to the declaration of Charles M. Schwab that he thought the depression
will he ended soon. Mellon and Schwab are shown chatting during the
Mellon tax hearing in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Andrew Mellon, former secretary of the treasurer, smilingly assented
to the declaration of Charles M. Schwab that he thought the depression
will he ended soon. Mellon and Schwab are shown chatting during the
Mellon tax hearing in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Andrew Mellon, former secretary of the treasurer, smilingly assented
to the declaration of Charles M. Schwab that he thought the depression
will he ended soon. Mellon and Schwab are shown chatting during the
Mellon tax hearing in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Andrew Mellon, former secretary of the treasurer, smilingly assented
to the declaration of Charles M. Schwab that he thought the depression
will he ended soon. Mellon and Schwab are shown chatting during the
Mellon tax hearing in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Andrew Mellon, former secretary of the treasurer, smilingly assented
to the declaration of Charles M. Schwab that he thought the depression
will he ended soon. Mellon and Schwab are shown chatting during the
Mellon tax hearing in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Andrew Mellon, former secretary of the treasurer, smilingly assented
to the declaration of Charles M. Schwab that he thought the depression
will he ended soon. Mellon and Schwab are shown chatting during the
Mellon tax hearing in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Andrew Mellon, former secretary of the treasurer, smilingly assented
to the declaration of Charles M. Schwab that he thought the depression
will he ended soon. Mellon and Schwab are shown chatting during the
Mellon tax hearing in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Andrew Mellon, former secretary of the treasurer, smilingly assented
to the declaration of Charles M. Schwab that he thought the depression
will he ended soon. Mellon and Schwab are shown chatting during the
Mellon tax hearing in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Andrew Mellon, former secretary of the treasurer, smilingly assented
to the declaration of Charles M. Schwab that he thought the depression
will he ended soon. Mellon and Schwab are shown chatting during the
Mellon tax hearing in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Andrew Mellon, former secretary of the treasurer, smilingly assented
to the declaration of Charles M. Schwab that he thought the depression
will he ended soon. Mellon and Schwab are shown chatting during the
Mellon tax hearing in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Andrew Mellon, former secretary of the treasurer, smilingly assented
to the declaration of Charles M. Schwab that he thought the depression
will he ended soon. Mellon and Schwab are shown chatting during the
Mellon tax hearing in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Andrew Mellon, former secretary of the treasurer, smilingly assented
to the declaration of Charles M. Schwab that he thought the depression
will he ended soon. Mellon and Schwab are shown chatting during the
Mellon tax hearing in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Andrew Mellon, former secretary of the treasurer, smilingly assented
to the declaration of Charles M. Schwab that he thought the depression
will he ended soon. Mellon and Schwab are shown chatting during the
Mellon tax hearing in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Andrew Mellon, former secretary of the treasurer, smilingly assented
to the declaration of Charles M. Schwab that he thought the depression
will he ended soon. Mellon and Schwab are shown chatting during the
Mellon tax hearing in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)

Andrew Mellon, former secretary of the treasurer, smilingly assented
to the declaration of Charles M. Schwab that he thought the depression
will he ended soon. Mellon and Schwab are shown chatting during the
Mellon tax hearing in Washington, D.C. (Associated Press Photo.)
