# A 						Most Serious Man
## 
### 
The most serious man in the world Ikis been
found. He is an opera singer in Italy, Ban
dini by name. The other day, during a per
lormance of "Lucia," this tenor proved his
earnestness in a most convincing manner.
During the last part of the opera, Handini
plunged a dagger into his breast. Hospital
reports are that the tenor is in a "serious"
condition. It can be seen that the man had
not a grain of levity in his system.
The most serious man in the world Ikis been
found. He is an opera singer in Italy, Ban
dini by name. The other day, during a per
lormance of "Lucia," this tenor proved his
earnestness in a most convincing manner.
During the last part of the opera, Handini
plunged a dagger into his breast. Hospital
reports are that the tenor is in a "serious"
condition. It can be seen that the man had
not a grain of levity in his system.
The most serious man in the world Ikis been
found. He is an opera singer in Italy, Ban
dini by name. The other day, during a per
lormance of "Lucia," this tenor proved his
earnestness in a most convincing manner.
During the last part of the opera, Handini
plunged a dagger into his breast. Hospital
reports are that the tenor is in a "serious"
condition. It can be seen that the man had
not a grain of levity in his system.
The most serious man in the world Ikis been
found. He is an opera singer in Italy, Ban
dini by name. The other day, during a per
lormance of "Lucia," this tenor proved his
earnestness in a most convincing manner.
During the last part of the opera, Handini
plunged a dagger into his breast. Hospital
reports are that the tenor is in a "serious"
condition. It can be seen that the man had
not a grain of levity in his system.
The most serious man in the world Ikis been
found. He is an opera singer in Italy, Ban
dini by name. The other day, during a per
lormance of "Lucia," this tenor proved his
earnestness in a most convincing manner.
During the last part of the opera, Handini
plunged a dagger into his breast. Hospital
reports are that the tenor is in a "serious"
condition. It can be seen that the man had
not a grain of levity in his system.
The most serious man in the world Ikis been
found. He is an opera singer in Italy, Ban
dini by name. The other day, during a per
lormance of "Lucia," this tenor proved his
earnestness in a most convincing manner.
During the last part of the opera, Handini
plunged a dagger into his breast. Hospital
reports are that the tenor is in a "serious"
condition. It can be seen that the man had
not a grain of levity in his system.
The most serious man in the world Ikis been
found. He is an opera singer in Italy, Ban
dini by name. The other day, during a per
lormance of "Lucia," this tenor proved his
earnestness in a most convincing manner.
During the last part of the opera, Handini
plunged a dagger into his breast. Hospital
reports are that the tenor is in a "serious"
condition. It can be seen that the man had
not a grain of levity in his system.
The most serious man in the world Ikis been
found. He is an opera singer in Italy, Ban
dini by name. The other day, during a per
lormance of "Lucia," this tenor proved his
earnestness in a most convincing manner.
During the last part of the opera, Handini
plunged a dagger into his breast. Hospital
reports are that the tenor is in a "serious"
condition. It can be seen that the man had
not a grain of levity in his system.
The most serious man in the world Ikis been
found. He is an opera singer in Italy, Ban
dini by name. The other day, during a per
lormance of "Lucia," this tenor proved his
earnestness in a most convincing manner.
During the last part of the opera, Handini
plunged a dagger into his breast. Hospital
reports are that the tenor is in a "serious"
condition. It can be seen that the man had
not a grain of levity in his system.
The most serious man in the world Ikis been
found. He is an opera singer in Italy, Ban
dini by name. The other day, during a per
lormance of "Lucia," this tenor proved his
earnestness in a most convincing manner.
During the last part of the opera, Handini
plunged a dagger into his breast. Hospital
reports are that the tenor is in a "serious"
condition. It can be seen that the man had
not a grain of levity in his system.
The most serious man in the world Ikis been
found. He is an opera singer in Italy, Ban
dini by name. The other day, during a per
lormance of "Lucia," this tenor proved his
earnestness in a most convincing manner.
During the last part of the opera, Handini
plunged a dagger into his breast. Hospital
reports are that the tenor is in a "serious"
condition. It can be seen that the man had
not a grain of levity in his system.
The most serious man in the world Ikis been
found. He is an opera singer in Italy, Ban
dini by name. The other day, during a per
lormance of "Lucia," this tenor proved his
earnestness in a most convincing manner.
During the last part of the opera, Handini
plunged a dagger into his breast. Hospital
reports are that the tenor is in a "serious"
condition. It can be seen that the man had
not a grain of levity in his system.
The most serious man in the world Ikis been
found. He is an opera singer in Italy, Ban
dini by name. The other day, during a per
lormance of "Lucia," this tenor proved his
earnestness in a most convincing manner.
During the last part of the opera, Handini
plunged a dagger into his breast. Hospital
reports are that the tenor is in a "serious"
condition. It can be seen that the man had
not a grain of levity in his system.
The most serious man in the world Ikis been
found. He is an opera singer in Italy, Ban
dini by name. The other day, during a per
lormance of "Lucia," this tenor proved his
earnestness in a most convincing manner.
During the last part of the opera, Handini
plunged a dagger into his breast. Hospital
reports are that the tenor is in a "serious"
condition. It can be seen that the man had
not a grain of levity in his system.
The most serious man in the world Ikis been
found. He is an opera singer in Italy, Ban
dini by name. The other day, during a per
lormance of "Lucia," this tenor proved his
earnestness in a most convincing manner.
During the last part of the opera, Handini
plunged a dagger into his breast. Hospital
reports are that the tenor is in a "serious"
condition. It can be seen that the man had
not a grain of levity in his system.
