# CHAVEZ TAKES SEAT OF CUTTING IN SENATE
## 
### 

Dennis Chavez, Democrat appointed senater by Gov. Clyde Tingley to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Senator Bronson Cutting, presenting his credentials in Washington, D. C. Six senete liberals
strode out of the chamber as he was sworn in as New Mexico's junior senator. Left to right: Chavez,
Senator Robinson, Arkansas; Senator Hatch, New Mexico; J. E. Miles, New Mexico Democrat, and Vice
President Garner, seated. (Associated Press Photo*

Dennis Chavez, Democrat appointed senater by Gov. Clyde Tingley to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Senator Bronson Cutting, presenting his credentials in Washington, D. C. Six senete liberals
strode out of the chamber as he was sworn in as New Mexico's junior senator. Left to right: Chavez,
Senator Robinson, Arkansas; Senator Hatch, New Mexico; J. E. Miles, New Mexico Democrat, and Vice
President Garner, seated. (Associated Press Photo*

Dennis Chavez, Democrat appointed senater by Gov. Clyde Tingley to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Senator Bronson Cutting, presenting his credentials in Washington, D. C. Six senete liberals
strode out of the chamber as he was sworn in as New Mexico's junior senator. Left to right: Chavez,
Senator Robinson, Arkansas; Senator Hatch, New Mexico; J. E. Miles, New Mexico Democrat, and Vice
President Garner, seated. (Associated Press Photo*

Dennis Chavez, Democrat appointed senater by Gov. Clyde Tingley to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Senator Bronson Cutting, presenting his credentials in Washington, D. C. Six senete liberals
strode out of the chamber as he was sworn in as New Mexico's junior senator. Left to right: Chavez,
Senator Robinson, Arkansas; Senator Hatch, New Mexico; J. E. Miles, New Mexico Democrat, and Vice
President Garner, seated. (Associated Press Photo*

Dennis Chavez, Democrat appointed senater by Gov. Clyde Tingley to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Senator Bronson Cutting, presenting his credentials in Washington, D. C. Six senete liberals
strode out of the chamber as he was sworn in as New Mexico's junior senator. Left to right: Chavez,
Senator Robinson, Arkansas; Senator Hatch, New Mexico; J. E. Miles, New Mexico Democrat, and Vice
President Garner, seated. (Associated Press Photo*

Dennis Chavez, Democrat appointed senater by Gov. Clyde Tingley to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Senator Bronson Cutting, presenting his credentials in Washington, D. C. Six senete liberals
strode out of the chamber as he was sworn in as New Mexico's junior senator. Left to right: Chavez,
Senator Robinson, Arkansas; Senator Hatch, New Mexico; J. E. Miles, New Mexico Democrat, and Vice
President Garner, seated. (Associated Press Photo*

Dennis Chavez, Democrat appointed senater by Gov. Clyde Tingley to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Senator Bronson Cutting, presenting his credentials in Washington, D. C. Six senete liberals
strode out of the chamber as he was sworn in as New Mexico's junior senator. Left to right: Chavez,
Senator Robinson, Arkansas; Senator Hatch, New Mexico; J. E. Miles, New Mexico Democrat, and Vice
President Garner, seated. (Associated Press Photo*

Dennis Chavez, Democrat appointed senater by Gov. Clyde Tingley to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Senator Bronson Cutting, presenting his credentials in Washington, D. C. Six senete liberals
strode out of the chamber as he was sworn in as New Mexico's junior senator. Left to right: Chavez,
Senator Robinson, Arkansas; Senator Hatch, New Mexico; J. E. Miles, New Mexico Democrat, and Vice
President Garner, seated. (Associated Press Photo*

Dennis Chavez, Democrat appointed senater by Gov. Clyde Tingley to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Senator Bronson Cutting, presenting his credentials in Washington, D. C. Six senete liberals
strode out of the chamber as he was sworn in as New Mexico's junior senator. Left to right: Chavez,
Senator Robinson, Arkansas; Senator Hatch, New Mexico; J. E. Miles, New Mexico Democrat, and Vice
President Garner, seated. (Associated Press Photo*

Dennis Chavez, Democrat appointed senater by Gov. Clyde Tingley to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Senator Bronson Cutting, presenting his credentials in Washington, D. C. Six senete liberals
strode out of the chamber as he was sworn in as New Mexico's junior senator. Left to right: Chavez,
Senator Robinson, Arkansas; Senator Hatch, New Mexico; J. E. Miles, New Mexico Democrat, and Vice
President Garner, seated. (Associated Press Photo*

Dennis Chavez, Democrat appointed senater by Gov. Clyde Tingley to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Senator Bronson Cutting, presenting his credentials in Washington, D. C. Six senete liberals
strode out of the chamber as he was sworn in as New Mexico's junior senator. Left to right: Chavez,
Senator Robinson, Arkansas; Senator Hatch, New Mexico; J. E. Miles, New Mexico Democrat, and Vice
President Garner, seated. (Associated Press Photo*

Dennis Chavez, Democrat appointed senater by Gov. Clyde Tingley to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Senator Bronson Cutting, presenting his credentials in Washington, D. C. Six senete liberals
strode out of the chamber as he was sworn in as New Mexico's junior senator. Left to right: Chavez,
Senator Robinson, Arkansas; Senator Hatch, New Mexico; J. E. Miles, New Mexico Democrat, and Vice
President Garner, seated. (Associated Press Photo*

Dennis Chavez, Democrat appointed senater by Gov. Clyde Tingley to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Senator Bronson Cutting, presenting his credentials in Washington, D. C. Six senete liberals
strode out of the chamber as he was sworn in as New Mexico's junior senator. Left to right: Chavez,
Senator Robinson, Arkansas; Senator Hatch, New Mexico; J. E. Miles, New Mexico Democrat, and Vice
President Garner, seated. (Associated Press Photo*

Dennis Chavez, Democrat appointed senater by Gov. Clyde Tingley to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Senator Bronson Cutting, presenting his credentials in Washington, D. C. Six senete liberals
strode out of the chamber as he was sworn in as New Mexico's junior senator. Left to right: Chavez,
Senator Robinson, Arkansas; Senator Hatch, New Mexico; J. E. Miles, New Mexico Democrat, and Vice
President Garner, seated. (Associated Press Photo*

Dennis Chavez, Democrat appointed senater by Gov. Clyde Tingley to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Senator Bronson Cutting, presenting his credentials in Washington, D. C. Six senete liberals
strode out of the chamber as he was sworn in as New Mexico's junior senator. Left to right: Chavez,
Senator Robinson, Arkansas; Senator Hatch, New Mexico; J. E. Miles, New Mexico Democrat, and Vice
President Garner, seated. (Associated Press Photo*
