# Great Britain Launches Air Recruiting Campaign
## 
### 
LONDON. May 23 (/!>).— I The Royal
Air Force launched its greatest re
cruiling campaign in history to back
up Britain's warning to Adolf Hitler
that she will not be outstripped in
the air.
A large recruiting station was es
tablished in down - town London,
with 10 others planned for other
parts of England, Scotland, Ulster,
and Wales, to enlist the 2500 pilots
and 20,000 skilled and unskilled men
the Air Ministry wants.
Simultaneously Lord London
derry. Secretary of Air, appealed to
the nation's youth to answer the
call to arms.
LONDON. May 23 (/!>).— I The Royal
Air Force launched its greatest re
cruiling campaign in history to back
up Britain's warning to Adolf Hitler
that she will not be outstripped in
the air.
A large recruiting station was es
tablished in down - town London,
with 10 others planned for other
parts of England, Scotland, Ulster,
and Wales, to enlist the 2500 pilots
and 20,000 skilled and unskilled men
the Air Ministry wants.
Simultaneously Lord London
derry. Secretary of Air, appealed to
the nation's youth to answer the
call to arms.
LONDON. May 23 (/!>).— I The Royal
Air Force launched its greatest re
cruiling campaign in history to back
up Britain's warning to Adolf Hitler
that she will not be outstripped in
the air.
A large recruiting station was es
tablished in down - town London,
with 10 others planned for other
parts of England, Scotland, Ulster,
and Wales, to enlist the 2500 pilots
and 20,000 skilled and unskilled men
the Air Ministry wants.
Simultaneously Lord London
derry. Secretary of Air, appealed to
the nation's youth to answer the
call to arms.
LONDON. May 23 (/!>).— I The Royal
Air Force launched its greatest re
cruiling campaign in history to back
up Britain's warning to Adolf Hitler
that she will not be outstripped in
the air.
A large recruiting station was es
tablished in down - town London,
with 10 others planned for other
parts of England, Scotland, Ulster,
and Wales, to enlist the 2500 pilots
and 20,000 skilled and unskilled men
the Air Ministry wants.
Simultaneously Lord London
derry. Secretary of Air, appealed to
the nation's youth to answer the
call to arms.
LONDON. May 23 (/!>).— I The Royal
Air Force launched its greatest re
cruiling campaign in history to back
up Britain's warning to Adolf Hitler
that she will not be outstripped in
the air.
A large recruiting station was es
tablished in down - town London,
with 10 others planned for other
parts of England, Scotland, Ulster,
and Wales, to enlist the 2500 pilots
and 20,000 skilled and unskilled men
the Air Ministry wants.
Simultaneously Lord London
derry. Secretary of Air, appealed to
the nation's youth to answer the
call to arms.
LONDON. May 23 (/!>).— I The Royal
Air Force launched its greatest re
cruiling campaign in history to back
up Britain's warning to Adolf Hitler
that she will not be outstripped in
the air.
A large recruiting station was es
tablished in down - town London,
with 10 others planned for other
parts of England, Scotland, Ulster,
and Wales, to enlist the 2500 pilots
and 20,000 skilled and unskilled men
the Air Ministry wants.
Simultaneously Lord London
derry. Secretary of Air, appealed to
the nation's youth to answer the
call to arms.
LONDON. May 23 (/!>).— I The Royal
Air Force launched its greatest re
cruiling campaign in history to back
up Britain's warning to Adolf Hitler
that she will not be outstripped in
the air.
A large recruiting station was es
tablished in down - town London,
with 10 others planned for other
parts of England, Scotland, Ulster,
and Wales, to enlist the 2500 pilots
and 20,000 skilled and unskilled men
the Air Ministry wants.
Simultaneously Lord London
derry. Secretary of Air, appealed to
the nation's youth to answer the
call to arms.
LONDON. May 23 (/!>).— I The Royal
Air Force launched its greatest re
cruiling campaign in history to back
up Britain's warning to Adolf Hitler
that she will not be outstripped in
the air.
A large recruiting station was es
tablished in down - town London,
with 10 others planned for other
parts of England, Scotland, Ulster,
and Wales, to enlist the 2500 pilots
and 20,000 skilled and unskilled men
the Air Ministry wants.
Simultaneously Lord London
derry. Secretary of Air, appealed to
the nation's youth to answer the
call to arms.
LONDON. May 23 (/!>).— I The Royal
Air Force launched its greatest re
cruiling campaign in history to back
up Britain's warning to Adolf Hitler
that she will not be outstripped in
the air.
A large recruiting station was es
tablished in down - town London,
with 10 others planned for other
parts of England, Scotland, Ulster,
and Wales, to enlist the 2500 pilots
and 20,000 skilled and unskilled men
the Air Ministry wants.
Simultaneously Lord London
derry. Secretary of Air, appealed to
the nation's youth to answer the
call to arms.
LONDON. May 23 (/!>).— I The Royal
Air Force launched its greatest re
cruiling campaign in history to back
up Britain's warning to Adolf Hitler
that she will not be outstripped in
the air.
A large recruiting station was es
tablished in down - town London,
with 10 others planned for other
parts of England, Scotland, Ulster,
and Wales, to enlist the 2500 pilots
and 20,000 skilled and unskilled men
the Air Ministry wants.
Simultaneously Lord London
derry. Secretary of Air, appealed to
the nation's youth to answer the
call to arms.
LONDON. May 23 (/!>).— I The Royal
Air Force launched its greatest re
cruiling campaign in history to back
up Britain's warning to Adolf Hitler
that she will not be outstripped in
the air.
A large recruiting station was es
tablished in down - town London,
with 10 others planned for other
parts of England, Scotland, Ulster,
and Wales, to enlist the 2500 pilots
and 20,000 skilled and unskilled men
the Air Ministry wants.
Simultaneously Lord London
derry. Secretary of Air, appealed to
the nation's youth to answer the
call to arms.
LONDON. May 23 (/!>).— I The Royal
Air Force launched its greatest re
cruiling campaign in history to back
up Britain's warning to Adolf Hitler
that she will not be outstripped in
the air.
A large recruiting station was es
tablished in down - town London,
with 10 others planned for other
parts of England, Scotland, Ulster,
and Wales, to enlist the 2500 pilots
and 20,000 skilled and unskilled men
the Air Ministry wants.
Simultaneously Lord London
derry. Secretary of Air, appealed to
the nation's youth to answer the
call to arms.
LONDON. May 23 (/!>).— I The Royal
Air Force launched its greatest re
cruiling campaign in history to back
up Britain's warning to Adolf Hitler
that she will not be outstripped in
the air.
A large recruiting station was es
tablished in down - town London,
with 10 others planned for other
parts of England, Scotland, Ulster,
and Wales, to enlist the 2500 pilots
and 20,000 skilled and unskilled men
the Air Ministry wants.
Simultaneously Lord London
derry. Secretary of Air, appealed to
the nation's youth to answer the
call to arms.
LONDON. May 23 (/!>).— I The Royal
Air Force launched its greatest re
cruiling campaign in history to back
up Britain's warning to Adolf Hitler
that she will not be outstripped in
the air.
A large recruiting station was es
tablished in down - town London,
with 10 others planned for other
parts of England, Scotland, Ulster,
and Wales, to enlist the 2500 pilots
and 20,000 skilled and unskilled men
the Air Ministry wants.
Simultaneously Lord London
derry. Secretary of Air, appealed to
the nation's youth to answer the
call to arms.
LONDON. May 23 (/!>).— I The Royal
Air Force launched its greatest re
cruiling campaign in history to back
up Britain's warning to Adolf Hitler
that she will not be outstripped in
the air.
A large recruiting station was es
tablished in down - town London,
with 10 others planned for other
parts of England, Scotland, Ulster,
and Wales, to enlist the 2500 pilots
and 20,000 skilled and unskilled men
the Air Ministry wants.
Simultaneously Lord London
derry. Secretary of Air, appealed to
the nation's youth to answer the
call to arms.
