# Diversions
## WHITE PLAZA WATCH 
### 
Question: What do you
think the Thinker's thinking?

Interviewer: David Bianco
Photographer: Brian Bedell

43 million?
Jason Friedman
Senior, philosophy

What Socrates said:
I know that I don't
know nothing.
Irene Von Luet
tichau
Postdoctoral fellow In
medicine

I think the Thinker's
really asleep.
Courtney Newman
Freshman, undeclared




Question: What do you
think the Thinker's thinking?

Interviewer: David Bianco
Photographer: Brian Bedell

43 million?
Jason Friedman
Senior, philosophy

What Socrates said:
I know that I don't
know nothing.
Irene Von Luet
tichau
Postdoctoral fellow In
medicine

I think the Thinker's
really asleep.
Courtney Newman
Freshman, undeclared




Question: What do you
think the Thinker's thinking?

Interviewer: David Bianco
Photographer: Brian Bedell

43 million?
Jason Friedman
Senior, philosophy

What Socrates said:
I know that I don't
know nothing.
Irene Von Luet
tichau
Postdoctoral fellow In
medicine

I think the Thinker's
really asleep.
Courtney Newman
Freshman, undeclared




Question: What do you
think the Thinker's thinking?

Interviewer: David Bianco
Photographer: Brian Bedell

43 million?
Jason Friedman
Senior, philosophy

What Socrates said:
I know that I don't
know nothing.
Irene Von Luet
tichau
Postdoctoral fellow In
medicine

I think the Thinker's
really asleep.
Courtney Newman
Freshman, undeclared




Question: What do you
think the Thinker's thinking?

Interviewer: David Bianco
Photographer: Brian Bedell

43 million?
Jason Friedman
Senior, philosophy

What Socrates said:
I know that I don't
know nothing.
Irene Von Luet
tichau
Postdoctoral fellow In
medicine

I think the Thinker's
really asleep.
Courtney Newman
Freshman, undeclared




Question: What do you
think the Thinker's thinking?

Interviewer: David Bianco
Photographer: Brian Bedell

43 million?
Jason Friedman
Senior, philosophy

What Socrates said:
I know that I don't
know nothing.
Irene Von Luet
tichau
Postdoctoral fellow In
medicine

I think the Thinker's
really asleep.
Courtney Newman
Freshman, undeclared




Question: What do you
think the Thinker's thinking?

Interviewer: David Bianco
Photographer: Brian Bedell

43 million?
Jason Friedman
Senior, philosophy

What Socrates said:
I know that I don't
know nothing.
Irene Von Luet
tichau
Postdoctoral fellow In
medicine

I think the Thinker's
really asleep.
Courtney Newman
Freshman, undeclared




