# INSIDE
## 
### 
Take It To
Texas? One cartoonist
thinks people there
are confused
See Opinions, page 4

The Limit
White Plaza Watch
tests the limits of
imagination
See Diversions, page 7

One More Time
Defensive captain Dave
Garnett tackles another
tough job against UCLA
See Sports, page 6



Take It To
Texas? One cartoonist
thinks people there
are confused
See Opinions, page 4

The Limit
White Plaza Watch
tests the limits of
imagination
See Diversions, page 7

One More Time
Defensive captain Dave
Garnett tackles another
tough job against UCLA
See Sports, page 6



Take It To
Texas? One cartoonist
thinks people there
are confused
See Opinions, page 4

The Limit
White Plaza Watch
tests the limits of
imagination
See Diversions, page 7

One More Time
Defensive captain Dave
Garnett tackles another
tough job against UCLA
See Sports, page 6



Take It To
Texas? One cartoonist
thinks people there
are confused
See Opinions, page 4

The Limit
White Plaza Watch
tests the limits of
imagination
See Diversions, page 7

One More Time
Defensive captain Dave
Garnett tackles another
tough job against UCLA
See Sports, page 6



Take It To
Texas? One cartoonist
thinks people there
are confused
See Opinions, page 4

The Limit
White Plaza Watch
tests the limits of
imagination
See Diversions, page 7

One More Time
Defensive captain Dave
Garnett tackles another
tough job against UCLA
See Sports, page 6



Take It To
Texas? One cartoonist
thinks people there
are confused
See Opinions, page 4

The Limit
White Plaza Watch
tests the limits of
imagination
See Diversions, page 7

One More Time
Defensive captain Dave
Garnett tackles another
tough job against UCLA
See Sports, page 6



Take It To
Texas? One cartoonist
thinks people there
are confused
See Opinions, page 4

The Limit
White Plaza Watch
tests the limits of
imagination
See Diversions, page 7

One More Time
Defensive captain Dave
Garnett tackles another
tough job against UCLA
See Sports, page 6



