# Stanford Dames Picnic To Be Given May 20
## 
### 
The Stanford Dames will have a j
picnic Sunday afternoon, May 20, in I
Rinconada Park at the Community
Center.
The picnic promises to be a suc
cessful one, and the families of all
the Dames are invited, according to
Mrs. Edwin Eagle.
The Stanford Dames will have a j
picnic Sunday afternoon, May 20, in I
Rinconada Park at the Community
Center.
The picnic promises to be a suc
cessful one, and the families of all
the Dames are invited, according to
Mrs. Edwin Eagle.
The Stanford Dames will have a j
picnic Sunday afternoon, May 20, in I
Rinconada Park at the Community
Center.
The picnic promises to be a suc
cessful one, and the families of all
the Dames are invited, according to
Mrs. Edwin Eagle.
The Stanford Dames will have a j
picnic Sunday afternoon, May 20, in I
Rinconada Park at the Community
Center.
The picnic promises to be a suc
cessful one, and the families of all
the Dames are invited, according to
Mrs. Edwin Eagle.
The Stanford Dames will have a j
picnic Sunday afternoon, May 20, in I
Rinconada Park at the Community
Center.
The picnic promises to be a suc
cessful one, and the families of all
the Dames are invited, according to
Mrs. Edwin Eagle.
The Stanford Dames will have a j
picnic Sunday afternoon, May 20, in I
Rinconada Park at the Community
Center.
The picnic promises to be a suc
cessful one, and the families of all
the Dames are invited, according to
Mrs. Edwin Eagle.
The Stanford Dames will have a j
picnic Sunday afternoon, May 20, in I
Rinconada Park at the Community
Center.
The picnic promises to be a suc
cessful one, and the families of all
the Dames are invited, according to
Mrs. Edwin Eagle.
The Stanford Dames will have a j
picnic Sunday afternoon, May 20, in I
Rinconada Park at the Community
Center.
The picnic promises to be a suc
cessful one, and the families of all
the Dames are invited, according to
Mrs. Edwin Eagle.
The Stanford Dames will have a j
picnic Sunday afternoon, May 20, in I
Rinconada Park at the Community
Center.
The picnic promises to be a suc
cessful one, and the families of all
the Dames are invited, according to
Mrs. Edwin Eagle.
The Stanford Dames will have a j
picnic Sunday afternoon, May 20, in I
Rinconada Park at the Community
Center.
The picnic promises to be a suc
cessful one, and the families of all
the Dames are invited, according to
Mrs. Edwin Eagle.
The Stanford Dames will have a j
picnic Sunday afternoon, May 20, in I
Rinconada Park at the Community
Center.
The picnic promises to be a suc
cessful one, and the families of all
the Dames are invited, according to
Mrs. Edwin Eagle.
The Stanford Dames will have a j
picnic Sunday afternoon, May 20, in I
Rinconada Park at the Community
Center.
The picnic promises to be a suc
cessful one, and the families of all
the Dames are invited, according to
Mrs. Edwin Eagle.
The Stanford Dames will have a j
picnic Sunday afternoon, May 20, in I
Rinconada Park at the Community
Center.
The picnic promises to be a suc
cessful one, and the families of all
the Dames are invited, according to
Mrs. Edwin Eagle.
The Stanford Dames will have a j
picnic Sunday afternoon, May 20, in I
Rinconada Park at the Community
Center.
The picnic promises to be a suc
cessful one, and the families of all
the Dames are invited, according to
Mrs. Edwin Eagle.
The Stanford Dames will have a j
picnic Sunday afternoon, May 20, in I
Rinconada Park at the Community
Center.
The picnic promises to be a suc
cessful one, and the families of all
the Dames are invited, according to
Mrs. Edwin Eagle.
