# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
An Okinawa native child, carrying
a sleeping baby "papoose style,"
grins broadly as she wanders about
her way behinil the safety of
American lines-

By United Press
An Okinawa native child, carrying
a sleeping baby "papoose style,"
grins broadly as she wanders about
her way behinil the safety of
American lines-

By United Press
An Okinawa native child, carrying
a sleeping baby "papoose style,"
grins broadly as she wanders about
her way behinil the safety of
American lines-

By United Press
An Okinawa native child, carrying
a sleeping baby "papoose style,"
grins broadly as she wanders about
her way behinil the safety of
American lines-

By United Press
An Okinawa native child, carrying
a sleeping baby "papoose style,"
grins broadly as she wanders about
her way behinil the safety of
American lines-

By United Press
An Okinawa native child, carrying
a sleeping baby "papoose style,"
grins broadly as she wanders about
her way behinil the safety of
American lines-

By United Press
An Okinawa native child, carrying
a sleeping baby "papoose style,"
grins broadly as she wanders about
her way behinil the safety of
American lines-

By United Press
An Okinawa native child, carrying
a sleeping baby "papoose style,"
grins broadly as she wanders about
her way behinil the safety of
American lines-

By United Press
An Okinawa native child, carrying
a sleeping baby "papoose style,"
grins broadly as she wanders about
her way behinil the safety of
American lines-

By United Press
An Okinawa native child, carrying
a sleeping baby "papoose style,"
grins broadly as she wanders about
her way behinil the safety of
American lines-

By United Press
An Okinawa native child, carrying
a sleeping baby "papoose style,"
grins broadly as she wanders about
her way behinil the safety of
American lines-

By United Press
An Okinawa native child, carrying
a sleeping baby "papoose style,"
grins broadly as she wanders about
her way behinil the safety of
American lines-

By United Press
An Okinawa native child, carrying
a sleeping baby "papoose style,"
grins broadly as she wanders about
her way behinil the safety of
American lines-

By United Press
An Okinawa native child, carrying
a sleeping baby "papoose style,"
grins broadly as she wanders about
her way behinil the safety of
American lines-

By United Press
An Okinawa native child, carrying
a sleeping baby "papoose style,"
grins broadly as she wanders about
her way behinil the safety of
American lines-
