# TURN IN RECEIPTS
## 
### 
Johnny Jenkins, Soph Carnival
chairman, announced that all living
groups that had "ood concessions
must turn in receipts by Friday if
they expect the $5 expense money
from the A.S.S.U.
Johnny Jenkins, Soph Carnival
chairman, announced that all living
groups that had "ood concessions
must turn in receipts by Friday if
they expect the $5 expense money
from the A.S.S.U.
Johnny Jenkins, Soph Carnival
chairman, announced that all living
groups that had "ood concessions
must turn in receipts by Friday if
they expect the $5 expense money
from the A.S.S.U.
Johnny Jenkins, Soph Carnival
chairman, announced that all living
groups that had "ood concessions
must turn in receipts by Friday if
they expect the $5 expense money
from the A.S.S.U.
Johnny Jenkins, Soph Carnival
chairman, announced that all living
groups that had "ood concessions
must turn in receipts by Friday if
they expect the $5 expense money
from the A.S.S.U.
Johnny Jenkins, Soph Carnival
chairman, announced that all living
groups that had "ood concessions
must turn in receipts by Friday if
they expect the $5 expense money
from the A.S.S.U.
Johnny Jenkins, Soph Carnival
chairman, announced that all living
groups that had "ood concessions
must turn in receipts by Friday if
they expect the $5 expense money
from the A.S.S.U.
Johnny Jenkins, Soph Carnival
chairman, announced that all living
groups that had "ood concessions
must turn in receipts by Friday if
they expect the $5 expense money
from the A.S.S.U.
Johnny Jenkins, Soph Carnival
chairman, announced that all living
groups that had "ood concessions
must turn in receipts by Friday if
they expect the $5 expense money
from the A.S.S.U.
Johnny Jenkins, Soph Carnival
chairman, announced that all living
groups that had "ood concessions
must turn in receipts by Friday if
they expect the $5 expense money
from the A.S.S.U.
Johnny Jenkins, Soph Carnival
chairman, announced that all living
groups that had "ood concessions
must turn in receipts by Friday if
they expect the $5 expense money
from the A.S.S.U.
Johnny Jenkins, Soph Carnival
chairman, announced that all living
groups that had "ood concessions
must turn in receipts by Friday if
they expect the $5 expense money
from the A.S.S.U.
Johnny Jenkins, Soph Carnival
chairman, announced that all living
groups that had "ood concessions
must turn in receipts by Friday if
they expect the $5 expense money
from the A.S.S.U.
Johnny Jenkins, Soph Carnival
chairman, announced that all living
groups that had "ood concessions
must turn in receipts by Friday if
they expect the $5 expense money
from the A.S.S.U.
Johnny Jenkins, Soph Carnival
chairman, announced that all living
groups that had "ood concessions
must turn in receipts by Friday if
they expect the $5 expense money
from the A.S.S.U.
