# THREE CARD MERMEN SLATED TO SWIM AT OPEN MEET TONIGHT
## 
### 
A trio of Stanford swimmers, one
varsity and two first-year men, will
enter an open meet at 8:30 o'clock
tonight in the pool of the Union
League Club, 555 Post street, San
Francisco.
Ogden Driggs, entered in the senior
open 220-yard race, will have Walton
and Hargreaves of the Olympic Club
for competition, and. Aleck of U.C.
Aquatic fans look for an exciting con
test between Driggs and Walton who,
as the best 220-yard man on the
Coast, is a slight favorite.
Walt Brown, of the freshman squad,
and Dave Morey, varsity, will enter
the junior open 50-yard dash. Their
chief competition will be from Wood
of the Olympic Club, whom Thomas
heat out by a finger-length last
month.
