# DR. FRED C. AYER
## 
### 

DR. FRED C. AYER, Professor of
Educational Research, University of
Texas, who will offer courses at Stan
ford for school principals and super
intendents and for advanced students
in the organization of school systems
and administration.

DR. FRED C. AYER, Professor of
Educational Research, University of
Texas, who will offer courses at Stan
ford for school principals and super
intendents and for advanced students
in the organization of school systems
and administration.

DR. FRED C. AYER, Professor of
Educational Research, University of
Texas, who will offer courses at Stan
ford for school principals and super
intendents and for advanced students
in the organization of school systems
and administration.

DR. FRED C. AYER, Professor of
Educational Research, University of
Texas, who will offer courses at Stan
ford for school principals and super
intendents and for advanced students
in the organization of school systems
and administration.

DR. FRED C. AYER, Professor of
Educational Research, University of
Texas, who will offer courses at Stan
ford for school principals and super
intendents and for advanced students
in the organization of school systems
and administration.

DR. FRED C. AYER, Professor of
Educational Research, University of
Texas, who will offer courses at Stan
ford for school principals and super
intendents and for advanced students
in the organization of school systems
and administration.

DR. FRED C. AYER, Professor of
Educational Research, University of
Texas, who will offer courses at Stan
ford for school principals and super
intendents and for advanced students
in the organization of school systems
and administration.

DR. FRED C. AYER, Professor of
Educational Research, University of
Texas, who will offer courses at Stan
ford for school principals and super
intendents and for advanced students
in the organization of school systems
and administration.

DR. FRED C. AYER, Professor of
Educational Research, University of
Texas, who will offer courses at Stan
ford for school principals and super
intendents and for advanced students
in the organization of school systems
and administration.

DR. FRED C. AYER, Professor of
Educational Research, University of
Texas, who will offer courses at Stan
ford for school principals and super
intendents and for advanced students
in the organization of school systems
and administration.

DR. FRED C. AYER, Professor of
Educational Research, University of
Texas, who will offer courses at Stan
ford for school principals and super
intendents and for advanced students
in the organization of school systems
and administration.

DR. FRED C. AYER, Professor of
Educational Research, University of
Texas, who will offer courses at Stan
ford for school principals and super
intendents and for advanced students
in the organization of school systems
and administration.

DR. FRED C. AYER, Professor of
Educational Research, University of
Texas, who will offer courses at Stan
ford for school principals and super
intendents and for advanced students
in the organization of school systems
and administration.

DR. FRED C. AYER, Professor of
Educational Research, University of
Texas, who will offer courses at Stan
ford for school principals and super
intendents and for advanced students
in the organization of school systems
and administration.

DR. FRED C. AYER, Professor of
Educational Research, University of
Texas, who will offer courses at Stan
ford for school principals and super
intendents and for advanced students
in the organization of school systems
and administration.

DR. FRED C. AYER, Professor of
Educational Research, University of
Texas, who will offer courses at Stan
ford for school principals and super
intendents and for advanced students
in the organization of school systems
and administration.
