# Humanities Head To Judge Poetry
## 
### 
Dr. John W. Dodds, director of
Stanford's Special Program in the
Humanities, will be one of three
judges in this year's annual dra
matic monologue poetry contest in
the Bay Area, the sponsoring San
Francisco Browning Society has an
nounced.
The society offers a prize of $100
for the be; t poem submitted in dra
matic monologue form. Entries must
be original and unpublished, an 4
in 'V be of any length. They are to
be übmitted to the society at Room
703, 342 Grant Avenue, San Fran
cisco X. Deadline for entry is March
31, 1954.
Dr. John W. Dodds, director of
Stanford's Special Program in the
Humanities, will be one of three
judges in this year's annual dra
matic monologue poetry contest in
the Bay Area, the sponsoring San
Francisco Browning Society has an
nounced.
The society offers a prize of $100
for the be; t poem submitted in dra
matic monologue form. Entries must
be original and unpublished, an 4
in 'V be of any length. They are to
be übmitted to the society at Room
703, 342 Grant Avenue, San Fran
cisco X. Deadline for entry is March
31, 1954.
Dr. John W. Dodds, director of
Stanford's Special Program in the
Humanities, will be one of three
judges in this year's annual dra
matic monologue poetry contest in
the Bay Area, the sponsoring San
Francisco Browning Society has an
nounced.
The society offers a prize of $100
for the be; t poem submitted in dra
matic monologue form. Entries must
be original and unpublished, an 4
in 'V be of any length. They are to
be übmitted to the society at Room
703, 342 Grant Avenue, San Fran
cisco X. Deadline for entry is March
31, 1954.
Dr. John W. Dodds, director of
Stanford's Special Program in the
Humanities, will be one of three
judges in this year's annual dra
matic monologue poetry contest in
the Bay Area, the sponsoring San
Francisco Browning Society has an
nounced.
The society offers a prize of $100
for the be; t poem submitted in dra
matic monologue form. Entries must
be original and unpublished, an 4
in 'V be of any length. They are to
be übmitted to the society at Room
703, 342 Grant Avenue, San Fran
cisco X. Deadline for entry is March
31, 1954.
Dr. John W. Dodds, director of
Stanford's Special Program in the
Humanities, will be one of three
judges in this year's annual dra
matic monologue poetry contest in
the Bay Area, the sponsoring San
Francisco Browning Society has an
nounced.
The society offers a prize of $100
for the be; t poem submitted in dra
matic monologue form. Entries must
be original and unpublished, an 4
in 'V be of any length. They are to
be übmitted to the society at Room
703, 342 Grant Avenue, San Fran
cisco X. Deadline for entry is March
31, 1954.
Dr. John W. Dodds, director of
Stanford's Special Program in the
Humanities, will be one of three
judges in this year's annual dra
matic monologue poetry contest in
the Bay Area, the sponsoring San
Francisco Browning Society has an
nounced.
The society offers a prize of $100
for the be; t poem submitted in dra
matic monologue form. Entries must
be original and unpublished, an 4
in 'V be of any length. They are to
be übmitted to the society at Room
703, 342 Grant Avenue, San Fran
cisco X. Deadline for entry is March
31, 1954.
Dr. John W. Dodds, director of
Stanford's Special Program in the
Humanities, will be one of three
judges in this year's annual dra
matic monologue poetry contest in
the Bay Area, the sponsoring San
Francisco Browning Society has an
nounced.
The society offers a prize of $100
for the be; t poem submitted in dra
matic monologue form. Entries must
be original and unpublished, an 4
in 'V be of any length. They are to
be übmitted to the society at Room
703, 342 Grant Avenue, San Fran
cisco X. Deadline for entry is March
31, 1954.
Dr. John W. Dodds, director of
Stanford's Special Program in the
Humanities, will be one of three
judges in this year's annual dra
matic monologue poetry contest in
the Bay Area, the sponsoring San
Francisco Browning Society has an
nounced.
The society offers a prize of $100
for the be; t poem submitted in dra
matic monologue form. Entries must
be original and unpublished, an 4
in 'V be of any length. They are to
be übmitted to the society at Room
703, 342 Grant Avenue, San Fran
cisco X. Deadline for entry is March
31, 1954.
Dr. John W. Dodds, director of
Stanford's Special Program in the
Humanities, will be one of three
judges in this year's annual dra
matic monologue poetry contest in
the Bay Area, the sponsoring San
Francisco Browning Society has an
nounced.
The society offers a prize of $100
for the be; t poem submitted in dra
matic monologue form. Entries must
be original and unpublished, an 4
in 'V be of any length. They are to
be übmitted to the society at Room
703, 342 Grant Avenue, San Fran
cisco X. Deadline for entry is March
31, 1954.
Dr. John W. Dodds, director of
Stanford's Special Program in the
Humanities, will be one of three
judges in this year's annual dra
matic monologue poetry contest in
the Bay Area, the sponsoring San
Francisco Browning Society has an
nounced.
The society offers a prize of $100
for the be; t poem submitted in dra
matic monologue form. Entries must
be original and unpublished, an 4
in 'V be of any length. They are to
be übmitted to the society at Room
703, 342 Grant Avenue, San Fran
cisco X. Deadline for entry is March
31, 1954.
Dr. John W. Dodds, director of
Stanford's Special Program in the
Humanities, will be one of three
judges in this year's annual dra
matic monologue poetry contest in
the Bay Area, the sponsoring San
Francisco Browning Society has an
nounced.
The society offers a prize of $100
for the be; t poem submitted in dra
matic monologue form. Entries must
be original and unpublished, an 4
in 'V be of any length. They are to
be übmitted to the society at Room
703, 342 Grant Avenue, San Fran
cisco X. Deadline for entry is March
31, 1954.
Dr. John W. Dodds, director of
Stanford's Special Program in the
Humanities, will be one of three
judges in this year's annual dra
matic monologue poetry contest in
the Bay Area, the sponsoring San
Francisco Browning Society has an
nounced.
The society offers a prize of $100
for the be; t poem submitted in dra
matic monologue form. Entries must
be original and unpublished, an 4
in 'V be of any length. They are to
be übmitted to the society at Room
703, 342 Grant Avenue, San Fran
cisco X. Deadline for entry is March
31, 1954.
Dr. John W. Dodds, director of
Stanford's Special Program in the
Humanities, will be one of three
judges in this year's annual dra
matic monologue poetry contest in
the Bay Area, the sponsoring San
Francisco Browning Society has an
nounced.
The society offers a prize of $100
for the be; t poem submitted in dra
matic monologue form. Entries must
be original and unpublished, an 4
in 'V be of any length. They are to
be übmitted to the society at Room
703, 342 Grant Avenue, San Fran
cisco X. Deadline for entry is March
31, 1954.
Dr. John W. Dodds, director of
Stanford's Special Program in the
Humanities, will be one of three
judges in this year's annual dra
matic monologue poetry contest in
the Bay Area, the sponsoring San
Francisco Browning Society has an
nounced.
The society offers a prize of $100
for the be; t poem submitted in dra
matic monologue form. Entries must
be original and unpublished, an 4
in 'V be of any length. They are to
be übmitted to the society at Room
703, 342 Grant Avenue, San Fran
cisco X. Deadline for entry is March
31, 1954.
Dr. John W. Dodds, director of
Stanford's Special Program in the
Humanities, will be one of three
judges in this year's annual dra
matic monologue poetry contest in
the Bay Area, the sponsoring San
Francisco Browning Society has an
nounced.
The society offers a prize of $100
for the be; t poem submitted in dra
matic monologue form. Entries must
be original and unpublished, an 4
in 'V be of any length. They are to
be übmitted to the society at Room
703, 342 Grant Avenue, San Fran
cisco X. Deadline for entry is March
31, 1954.
Dr. John W. Dodds, director of
Stanford's Special Program in the
Humanities, will be one of three
judges in this year's annual dra
matic monologue poetry contest in
the Bay Area, the sponsoring San
Francisco Browning Society has an
nounced.
The society offers a prize of $100
for the be; t poem submitted in dra
matic monologue form. Entries must
be original and unpublished, an 4
in 'V be of any length. They are to
be übmitted to the society at Room
703, 342 Grant Avenue, San Fran
cisco X. Deadline for entry is March
31, 1954.
