# FIRE AT BAC
## 
### 
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call at the Men's Gym
nasium at 5:32 p.m. yesterday when
an electric circuit became over
heated.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call at the Men's Gym
nasium at 5:32 p.m. yesterday when
an electric circuit became over
heated.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call at the Men's Gym
nasium at 5:32 p.m. yesterday when
an electric circuit became over
heated.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call at the Men's Gym
nasium at 5:32 p.m. yesterday when
an electric circuit became over
heated.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call at the Men's Gym
nasium at 5:32 p.m. yesterday when
an electric circuit became over
heated.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call at the Men's Gym
nasium at 5:32 p.m. yesterday when
an electric circuit became over
heated.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call at the Men's Gym
nasium at 5:32 p.m. yesterday when
an electric circuit became over
heated.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call at the Men's Gym
nasium at 5:32 p.m. yesterday when
an electric circuit became over
heated.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call at the Men's Gym
nasium at 5:32 p.m. yesterday when
an electric circuit became over
heated.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call at the Men's Gym
nasium at 5:32 p.m. yesterday when
an electric circuit became over
heated.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call at the Men's Gym
nasium at 5:32 p.m. yesterday when
an electric circuit became over
heated.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call at the Men's Gym
nasium at 5:32 p.m. yesterday when
an electric circuit became over
heated.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call at the Men's Gym
nasium at 5:32 p.m. yesterday when
an electric circuit became over
heated.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call at the Men's Gym
nasium at 5:32 p.m. yesterday when
an electric circuit became over
heated.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call at the Men's Gym
nasium at 5:32 p.m. yesterday when
an electric circuit became over
heated.
The Stanford Fire Department
answered a call at the Men's Gym
nasium at 5:32 p.m. yesterday when
an electric circuit became over
heated.
