# QUAKES RECORDED
## 
### 
PASADENA. Nov. 23 (UP) -Sri
mologists at California Institute ol
Technology today reported t. ,vi
slight earthquakes in the Southern
California area.
PASADENA. Nov. 23 (UP) -Sri
mologists at California Institute ol
Technology today reported t. ,vi
slight earthquakes in the Southern
California area.
PASADENA. Nov. 23 (UP) -Sri
mologists at California Institute ol
Technology today reported t. ,vi
slight earthquakes in the Southern
California area.
PASADENA. Nov. 23 (UP) -Sri
mologists at California Institute ol
Technology today reported t. ,vi
slight earthquakes in the Southern
California area.
PASADENA. Nov. 23 (UP) -Sri
mologists at California Institute ol
Technology today reported t. ,vi
slight earthquakes in the Southern
California area.
PASADENA. Nov. 23 (UP) -Sri
mologists at California Institute ol
Technology today reported t. ,vi
slight earthquakes in the Southern
California area.
PASADENA. Nov. 23 (UP) -Sri
mologists at California Institute ol
Technology today reported t. ,vi
slight earthquakes in the Southern
California area.
PASADENA. Nov. 23 (UP) -Sri
mologists at California Institute ol
Technology today reported t. ,vi
slight earthquakes in the Southern
California area.
PASADENA. Nov. 23 (UP) -Sri
mologists at California Institute ol
Technology today reported t. ,vi
slight earthquakes in the Southern
California area.
PASADENA. Nov. 23 (UP) -Sri
mologists at California Institute ol
Technology today reported t. ,vi
slight earthquakes in the Southern
California area.
PASADENA. Nov. 23 (UP) -Sri
mologists at California Institute ol
Technology today reported t. ,vi
slight earthquakes in the Southern
California area.
PASADENA. Nov. 23 (UP) -Sri
mologists at California Institute ol
Technology today reported t. ,vi
slight earthquakes in the Southern
California area.
PASADENA. Nov. 23 (UP) -Sri
mologists at California Institute ol
Technology today reported t. ,vi
slight earthquakes in the Southern
California area.
PASADENA. Nov. 23 (UP) -Sri
mologists at California Institute ol
Technology today reported t. ,vi
slight earthquakes in the Southern
California area.
PASADENA. Nov. 23 (UP) -Sri
mologists at California Institute ol
Technology today reported t. ,vi
slight earthquakes in the Southern
California area.
PASADENA. Nov. 23 (UP) -Sri
mologists at California Institute ol
Technology today reported t. ,vi
slight earthquakes in the Southern
California area.
