# Adv. 40 Page 11
## 
### 
Law School Film Society
presents
FELLINI'S
AMARCORD
Tonight
Kresge Aud. Admission
Shows at 7:30 $-1 qq
and 10:00
/
Law School Film Society
presents
FELLINI'S
AMARCORD
Tonight
Kresge Aud. Admission
Shows at 7:30 $-1 qq
and 10:00
/
Law School Film Society
presents
FELLINI'S
AMARCORD
Tonight
Kresge Aud. Admission
Shows at 7:30 $-1 qq
and 10:00
/
Law School Film Society
presents
FELLINI'S
AMARCORD
Tonight
Kresge Aud. Admission
Shows at 7:30 $-1 qq
and 10:00
/
Law School Film Society
presents
FELLINI'S
AMARCORD
Tonight
Kresge Aud. Admission
Shows at 7:30 $-1 qq
and 10:00
/
Law School Film Society
presents
FELLINI'S
AMARCORD
Tonight
Kresge Aud. Admission
Shows at 7:30 $-1 qq
and 10:00
/
Law School Film Society
presents
FELLINI'S
AMARCORD
Tonight
Kresge Aud. Admission
Shows at 7:30 $-1 qq
and 10:00
/
Law School Film Society
presents
FELLINI'S
AMARCORD
Tonight
Kresge Aud. Admission
Shows at 7:30 $-1 qq
and 10:00
/
Law School Film Society
presents
FELLINI'S
AMARCORD
Tonight
Kresge Aud. Admission
Shows at 7:30 $-1 qq
and 10:00
/
