# Letters
## 
### 
University should examine race of top-level staff

DURING MY TENURE at Stan
ford as a member of the exempt
staff, often I would use the distri
bution of the Stanford Directory each
year as useful reference for an annual
assessment of the University's affirma
tive action program, vis-a-vis staff of
color. Although recently retired, I
thought I would offer an emeritus
report, with the hope that the tradition
will be adopted by someone in future
years.
As in previous years, the reader is
invited to review the roster of adminis
trative and academic officers in the
Directory, and focus on those positions
that are customarily occupied by exempt

staff (and not faculty members). Fur
ther, check those positions that are
filled by people of color, and ask these
questions: Does this percentage reflect
the result of a successful affirmative
action program for these staff positions,
given that this program has been in
existence for well over 25 years? Is this
percentage significantly different from
last year? From five years ago?
Admittedly, these positions do not
reflect the University's overall affirma
tive action effort, but their importance
is not to be denied. One major reason
for their importance is that staff mem
bers in the positions often directly hire
and promote, influence hirings and pro

motions and initiate or participate in
organizational restructuring, layoffs,
etc.
Lurking beneath these percentages is
a proclivity in major firms and institu
tions not to have majority exempt and
professional staff report to a person of
color, as if it is an unwritten promise
made to majority employees. Look about
the University and witness the rare
instances in which majority exempt staff
report to a person of color.
To localize this issue, the reader is
further invited to review the
organizational chart of her or his own
school or department beneath the posi
tions and names on the four pages, and

then ask the same questions as above.
A second interrelated point regarding
these positions is that individuals in
them have the important role of control
ling or affecting in varying degrees bud
get setting and the allocation of finan
cial resources. As the saying goes,
"Those who control the gold. .
It is gratefully acknowledged that the
University has more Trustees of color
now than ever in its history. Why this
noteworthy accomplishment has not
extended top down at all levels and sec
tors of University leadership is an
intriguing question â€” and a challenge.
Henry Organ
Emeritus staff
