# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
Charles of the Kit/;
•
vivid now make-up. Created
especially to wear with this
spring's costume colors. They
are perfect color accents for
the beiges, grays, and hard
blues which are so popular for
daytime wear, as well as the
pollen yellows, aquamarines
and whites for evening wear.
Walsterk
Buy Defense Stamps Her*
Charles of the Kit/;
•
vivid now make-up. Created
especially to wear with this
spring's costume colors. They
are perfect color accents for
the beiges, grays, and hard
blues which are so popular for
daytime wear, as well as the
pollen yellows, aquamarines
and whites for evening wear.
Walsterk
Buy Defense Stamps Her*
Charles of the Kit/;
•
vivid now make-up. Created
especially to wear with this
spring's costume colors. They
are perfect color accents for
the beiges, grays, and hard
blues which are so popular for
daytime wear, as well as the
pollen yellows, aquamarines
and whites for evening wear.
Walsterk
Buy Defense Stamps Her*
Charles of the Kit/;
•
vivid now make-up. Created
especially to wear with this
spring's costume colors. They
are perfect color accents for
the beiges, grays, and hard
blues which are so popular for
daytime wear, as well as the
pollen yellows, aquamarines
and whites for evening wear.
Walsterk
Buy Defense Stamps Her*
Charles of the Kit/;
•
vivid now make-up. Created
especially to wear with this
spring's costume colors. They
are perfect color accents for
the beiges, grays, and hard
blues which are so popular for
daytime wear, as well as the
pollen yellows, aquamarines
and whites for evening wear.
Walsterk
Buy Defense Stamps Her*
Charles of the Kit/;
•
vivid now make-up. Created
especially to wear with this
spring's costume colors. They
are perfect color accents for
the beiges, grays, and hard
blues which are so popular for
daytime wear, as well as the
pollen yellows, aquamarines
and whites for evening wear.
Walsterk
Buy Defense Stamps Her*
Charles of the Kit/;
•
vivid now make-up. Created
especially to wear with this
spring's costume colors. They
are perfect color accents for
the beiges, grays, and hard
blues which are so popular for
daytime wear, as well as the
pollen yellows, aquamarines
and whites for evening wear.
Walsterk
Buy Defense Stamps Her*
Charles of the Kit/;
•
vivid now make-up. Created
especially to wear with this
spring's costume colors. They
are perfect color accents for
the beiges, grays, and hard
blues which are so popular for
daytime wear, as well as the
pollen yellows, aquamarines
and whites for evening wear.
Walsterk
Buy Defense Stamps Her*
Charles of the Kit/;
•
vivid now make-up. Created
especially to wear with this
spring's costume colors. They
are perfect color accents for
the beiges, grays, and hard
blues which are so popular for
daytime wear, as well as the
pollen yellows, aquamarines
and whites for evening wear.
Walsterk
Buy Defense Stamps Her*
Charles of the Kit/;
•
vivid now make-up. Created
especially to wear with this
spring's costume colors. They
are perfect color accents for
the beiges, grays, and hard
blues which are so popular for
daytime wear, as well as the
pollen yellows, aquamarines
and whites for evening wear.
Walsterk
Buy Defense Stamps Her*
Charles of the Kit/;
•
vivid now make-up. Created
especially to wear with this
spring's costume colors. They
are perfect color accents for
the beiges, grays, and hard
blues which are so popular for
daytime wear, as well as the
pollen yellows, aquamarines
and whites for evening wear.
Walsterk
Buy Defense Stamps Her*
Charles of the Kit/;
•
vivid now make-up. Created
especially to wear with this
spring's costume colors. They
are perfect color accents for
the beiges, grays, and hard
blues which are so popular for
daytime wear, as well as the
pollen yellows, aquamarines
and whites for evening wear.
Walsterk
Buy Defense Stamps Her*
Charles of the Kit/;
•
vivid now make-up. Created
especially to wear with this
spring's costume colors. They
are perfect color accents for
the beiges, grays, and hard
blues which are so popular for
daytime wear, as well as the
pollen yellows, aquamarines
and whites for evening wear.
Walsterk
Buy Defense Stamps Her*
Charles of the Kit/;
•
vivid now make-up. Created
especially to wear with this
spring's costume colors. They
are perfect color accents for
the beiges, grays, and hard
blues which are so popular for
daytime wear, as well as the
pollen yellows, aquamarines
and whites for evening wear.
Walsterk
Buy Defense Stamps Her*
Charles of the Kit/;
•
vivid now make-up. Created
especially to wear with this
spring's costume colors. They
are perfect color accents for
the beiges, grays, and hard
blues which are so popular for
daytime wear, as well as the
pollen yellows, aquamarines
and whites for evening wear.
Walsterk
Buy Defense Stamps Her*
Charles of the Kit/;
•
vivid now make-up. Created
especially to wear with this
spring's costume colors. They
are perfect color accents for
the beiges, grays, and hard
blues which are so popular for
daytime wear, as well as the
pollen yellows, aquamarines
and whites for evening wear.
Walsterk
Buy Defense Stamps Her*
Charles of the Kit/;
•
vivid now make-up. Created
especially to wear with this
spring's costume colors. They
are perfect color accents for
the beiges, grays, and hard
blues which are so popular for
daytime wear, as well as the
pollen yellows, aquamarines
and whites for evening wear.
Walsterk
Buy Defense Stamps Her*
Charles of the Kit/;
•
vivid now make-up. Created
especially to wear with this
spring's costume colors. They
are perfect color accents for
the beiges, grays, and hard
blues which are so popular for
daytime wear, as well as the
pollen yellows, aquamarines
and whites for evening wear.
Walsterk
Buy Defense Stamps Her*
