# All-Comic Chappie Comes Out Today
## 
### 
"The Chaparral with all its many
features, humorous comics, and a
guide to the campus big-time oper
ators, goes on sale today at the Post
Office, the English Corner, and the
Engineering Corner.
"The Chaparral with all its many
features, humorous comics, and a
guide to the campus big-time oper
ators, goes on sale today at the Post
Office, the English Corner, and the
Engineering Corner.
"The Chaparral with all its many
features, humorous comics, and a
guide to the campus big-time oper
ators, goes on sale today at the Post
Office, the English Corner, and the
Engineering Corner.
"The Chaparral with all its many
features, humorous comics, and a
guide to the campus big-time oper
ators, goes on sale today at the Post
Office, the English Corner, and the
Engineering Corner.
"The Chaparral with all its many
features, humorous comics, and a
guide to the campus big-time oper
ators, goes on sale today at the Post
Office, the English Corner, and the
Engineering Corner.
"The Chaparral with all its many
features, humorous comics, and a
guide to the campus big-time oper
ators, goes on sale today at the Post
Office, the English Corner, and the
Engineering Corner.
"The Chaparral with all its many
features, humorous comics, and a
guide to the campus big-time oper
ators, goes on sale today at the Post
Office, the English Corner, and the
Engineering Corner.
"The Chaparral with all its many
features, humorous comics, and a
guide to the campus big-time oper
ators, goes on sale today at the Post
Office, the English Corner, and the
Engineering Corner.
"The Chaparral with all its many
features, humorous comics, and a
guide to the campus big-time oper
ators, goes on sale today at the Post
Office, the English Corner, and the
Engineering Corner.
"The Chaparral with all its many
features, humorous comics, and a
guide to the campus big-time oper
ators, goes on sale today at the Post
Office, the English Corner, and the
Engineering Corner.
"The Chaparral with all its many
features, humorous comics, and a
guide to the campus big-time oper
ators, goes on sale today at the Post
Office, the English Corner, and the
Engineering Corner.
"The Chaparral with all its many
features, humorous comics, and a
guide to the campus big-time oper
ators, goes on sale today at the Post
Office, the English Corner, and the
Engineering Corner.
"The Chaparral with all its many
features, humorous comics, and a
guide to the campus big-time oper
ators, goes on sale today at the Post
Office, the English Corner, and the
Engineering Corner.
"The Chaparral with all its many
features, humorous comics, and a
guide to the campus big-time oper
ators, goes on sale today at the Post
Office, the English Corner, and the
Engineering Corner.
"The Chaparral with all its many
features, humorous comics, and a
guide to the campus big-time oper
ators, goes on sale today at the Post
Office, the English Corner, and the
Engineering Corner.
"The Chaparral with all its many
features, humorous comics, and a
guide to the campus big-time oper
ators, goes on sale today at the Post
Office, the English Corner, and the
Engineering Corner.
"The Chaparral with all its many
features, humorous comics, and a
guide to the campus big-time oper
ators, goes on sale today at the Post
Office, the English Corner, and the
Engineering Corner.
"The Chaparral with all its many
features, humorous comics, and a
guide to the campus big-time oper
ators, goes on sale today at the Post
Office, the English Corner, and the
Engineering Corner.
