# Summer Positions Open to Students
## 
### 
Applications for summer positions
are now being accepted by the Ap
pointment Service. Miss Palmer an
nounces that the're are openings in
the Department of Agriculture, fire
fighting and truck driving for the
Forest Service, office work, canner
ies, and at Joshua Ilendy Iron Works
at Sunnyvale. Another position is
that of counselor in a summer camp.
Interviewers from Yosemite will be
;it the office sometime during spring
quarter.
Applications for summer positions
are now being accepted by the Ap
pointment Service. Miss Palmer an
nounces that the're are openings in
the Department of Agriculture, fire
fighting and truck driving for the
Forest Service, office work, canner
ies, and at Joshua Ilendy Iron Works
at Sunnyvale. Another position is
that of counselor in a summer camp.
Interviewers from Yosemite will be
;it the office sometime during spring
quarter.
Applications for summer positions
are now being accepted by the Ap
pointment Service. Miss Palmer an
nounces that the're are openings in
the Department of Agriculture, fire
fighting and truck driving for the
Forest Service, office work, canner
ies, and at Joshua Ilendy Iron Works
at Sunnyvale. Another position is
that of counselor in a summer camp.
Interviewers from Yosemite will be
;it the office sometime during spring
quarter.
Applications for summer positions
are now being accepted by the Ap
pointment Service. Miss Palmer an
nounces that the're are openings in
the Department of Agriculture, fire
fighting and truck driving for the
Forest Service, office work, canner
ies, and at Joshua Ilendy Iron Works
at Sunnyvale. Another position is
that of counselor in a summer camp.
Interviewers from Yosemite will be
;it the office sometime during spring
quarter.
Applications for summer positions
are now being accepted by the Ap
pointment Service. Miss Palmer an
nounces that the're are openings in
the Department of Agriculture, fire
fighting and truck driving for the
Forest Service, office work, canner
ies, and at Joshua Ilendy Iron Works
at Sunnyvale. Another position is
that of counselor in a summer camp.
Interviewers from Yosemite will be
;it the office sometime during spring
quarter.
Applications for summer positions
are now being accepted by the Ap
pointment Service. Miss Palmer an
nounces that the're are openings in
the Department of Agriculture, fire
fighting and truck driving for the
Forest Service, office work, canner
ies, and at Joshua Ilendy Iron Works
at Sunnyvale. Another position is
that of counselor in a summer camp.
Interviewers from Yosemite will be
;it the office sometime during spring
quarter.
Applications for summer positions
are now being accepted by the Ap
pointment Service. Miss Palmer an
nounces that the're are openings in
the Department of Agriculture, fire
fighting and truck driving for the
Forest Service, office work, canner
ies, and at Joshua Ilendy Iron Works
at Sunnyvale. Another position is
that of counselor in a summer camp.
Interviewers from Yosemite will be
;it the office sometime during spring
quarter.
Applications for summer positions
are now being accepted by the Ap
pointment Service. Miss Palmer an
nounces that the're are openings in
the Department of Agriculture, fire
fighting and truck driving for the
Forest Service, office work, canner
ies, and at Joshua Ilendy Iron Works
at Sunnyvale. Another position is
that of counselor in a summer camp.
Interviewers from Yosemite will be
;it the office sometime during spring
quarter.
Applications for summer positions
are now being accepted by the Ap
pointment Service. Miss Palmer an
nounces that the're are openings in
the Department of Agriculture, fire
fighting and truck driving for the
Forest Service, office work, canner
ies, and at Joshua Ilendy Iron Works
at Sunnyvale. Another position is
that of counselor in a summer camp.
Interviewers from Yosemite will be
;it the office sometime during spring
quarter.
Applications for summer positions
are now being accepted by the Ap
pointment Service. Miss Palmer an
nounces that the're are openings in
the Department of Agriculture, fire
fighting and truck driving for the
Forest Service, office work, canner
ies, and at Joshua Ilendy Iron Works
at Sunnyvale. Another position is
that of counselor in a summer camp.
Interviewers from Yosemite will be
;it the office sometime during spring
quarter.
Applications for summer positions
are now being accepted by the Ap
pointment Service. Miss Palmer an
nounces that the're are openings in
the Department of Agriculture, fire
fighting and truck driving for the
Forest Service, office work, canner
ies, and at Joshua Ilendy Iron Works
at Sunnyvale. Another position is
that of counselor in a summer camp.
Interviewers from Yosemite will be
;it the office sometime during spring
quarter.
Applications for summer positions
are now being accepted by the Ap
pointment Service. Miss Palmer an
nounces that the're are openings in
the Department of Agriculture, fire
fighting and truck driving for the
Forest Service, office work, canner
ies, and at Joshua Ilendy Iron Works
at Sunnyvale. Another position is
that of counselor in a summer camp.
Interviewers from Yosemite will be
;it the office sometime during spring
quarter.
Applications for summer positions
are now being accepted by the Ap
pointment Service. Miss Palmer an
nounces that the're are openings in
the Department of Agriculture, fire
fighting and truck driving for the
Forest Service, office work, canner
ies, and at Joshua Ilendy Iron Works
at Sunnyvale. Another position is
that of counselor in a summer camp.
Interviewers from Yosemite will be
;it the office sometime during spring
quarter.
Applications for summer positions
are now being accepted by the Ap
pointment Service. Miss Palmer an
nounces that the're are openings in
the Department of Agriculture, fire
fighting and truck driving for the
Forest Service, office work, canner
ies, and at Joshua Ilendy Iron Works
at Sunnyvale. Another position is
that of counselor in a summer camp.
Interviewers from Yosemite will be
;it the office sometime during spring
quarter.
Applications for summer positions
are now being accepted by the Ap
pointment Service. Miss Palmer an
nounces that the're are openings in
the Department of Agriculture, fire
fighting and truck driving for the
Forest Service, office work, canner
ies, and at Joshua Ilendy Iron Works
at Sunnyvale. Another position is
that of counselor in a summer camp.
Interviewers from Yosemite will be
;it the office sometime during spring
quarter.
Applications for summer positions
are now being accepted by the Ap
pointment Service. Miss Palmer an
nounces that the're are openings in
the Department of Agriculture, fire
fighting and truck driving for the
Forest Service, office work, canner
ies, and at Joshua Ilendy Iron Works
at Sunnyvale. Another position is
that of counselor in a summer camp.
Interviewers from Yosemite will be
;it the office sometime during spring
quarter.
Applications for summer positions
are now being accepted by the Ap
pointment Service. Miss Palmer an
nounces that the're are openings in
the Department of Agriculture, fire
fighting and truck driving for the
Forest Service, office work, canner
ies, and at Joshua Ilendy Iron Works
at Sunnyvale. Another position is
that of counselor in a summer camp.
Interviewers from Yosemite will be
;it the office sometime during spring
quarter.
Applications for summer positions
are now being accepted by the Ap
pointment Service. Miss Palmer an
nounces that the're are openings in
the Department of Agriculture, fire
fighting and truck driving for the
Forest Service, office work, canner
ies, and at Joshua Ilendy Iron Works
at Sunnyvale. Another position is
that of counselor in a summer camp.
Interviewers from Yosemite will be
;it the office sometime during spring
quarter.
