# "Dad" Has Rhinoceros Walking-Stick.
## 
### 
"Dad - ' Moulton has received a uni
que cane purchased in Egypt by G.
Laumeister of Palo Alto. The cane 13
made from rhinoceros hide and is a
novelty in walking sticks. The donor
recently returned from an extended
tour of Europe.
"Dad - ' Moulton has received a uni
que cane purchased in Egypt by G.
Laumeister of Palo Alto. The cane 13
made from rhinoceros hide and is a
novelty in walking sticks. The donor
recently returned from an extended
tour of Europe.
"Dad - ' Moulton has received a uni
que cane purchased in Egypt by G.
Laumeister of Palo Alto. The cane 13
made from rhinoceros hide and is a
novelty in walking sticks. The donor
recently returned from an extended
tour of Europe.
"Dad - ' Moulton has received a uni
que cane purchased in Egypt by G.
Laumeister of Palo Alto. The cane 13
made from rhinoceros hide and is a
novelty in walking sticks. The donor
recently returned from an extended
tour of Europe.
"Dad - ' Moulton has received a uni
que cane purchased in Egypt by G.
Laumeister of Palo Alto. The cane 13
made from rhinoceros hide and is a
novelty in walking sticks. The donor
recently returned from an extended
tour of Europe.
"Dad - ' Moulton has received a uni
que cane purchased in Egypt by G.
Laumeister of Palo Alto. The cane 13
made from rhinoceros hide and is a
novelty in walking sticks. The donor
recently returned from an extended
tour of Europe.
"Dad - ' Moulton has received a uni
que cane purchased in Egypt by G.
Laumeister of Palo Alto. The cane 13
made from rhinoceros hide and is a
novelty in walking sticks. The donor
recently returned from an extended
tour of Europe.
"Dad - ' Moulton has received a uni
que cane purchased in Egypt by G.
Laumeister of Palo Alto. The cane 13
made from rhinoceros hide and is a
novelty in walking sticks. The donor
recently returned from an extended
tour of Europe.
"Dad - ' Moulton has received a uni
que cane purchased in Egypt by G.
Laumeister of Palo Alto. The cane 13
made from rhinoceros hide and is a
novelty in walking sticks. The donor
recently returned from an extended
tour of Europe.
"Dad - ' Moulton has received a uni
que cane purchased in Egypt by G.
Laumeister of Palo Alto. The cane 13
made from rhinoceros hide and is a
novelty in walking sticks. The donor
recently returned from an extended
tour of Europe.
"Dad - ' Moulton has received a uni
que cane purchased in Egypt by G.
Laumeister of Palo Alto. The cane 13
made from rhinoceros hide and is a
novelty in walking sticks. The donor
recently returned from an extended
tour of Europe.
"Dad - ' Moulton has received a uni
que cane purchased in Egypt by G.
Laumeister of Palo Alto. The cane 13
made from rhinoceros hide and is a
novelty in walking sticks. The donor
recently returned from an extended
tour of Europe.
"Dad - ' Moulton has received a uni
que cane purchased in Egypt by G.
Laumeister of Palo Alto. The cane 13
made from rhinoceros hide and is a
novelty in walking sticks. The donor
recently returned from an extended
tour of Europe.
