# VERY FEW SEASON TICKETS ARE SOLD
## ONLY 541 TAKE ADVANTAGE OF CUT RATES TO GAMES. Underclassmen Particularly Deficient. â€”Tickets May Still be Obtained From Manager Burbank. 
### 
Up to noon today only 541 season
tickets had been sold. This is a very
poor showing as compared with last
semester, when over 1,000 were taken
on registration day. Besides, the
tickets for this spring sell for a dol
lar less than last fall and will admit
more games. The price this semester
is $2, which also includes the annual
regular student body assessment of
$1. The ticket will admit to all games
in each branch of athletics that are
played on the campus except the cou
tests with California and the inter
state meets.
No reason can be assigned for the
great falling off in (he number of
purchasers unless it is neglect on
the part of the students to notice tht.
numerous sellers about the registrar's
office. Under the amendment passed
last semester no person can represent
(he University in any activity who has
not paid the student body dues. Un
less a great many more come through
during the next few days it would
seem that only a small per cent of the
student body intends to make an ei
fort to represent Stanford in the vari
ous activities.
Of those that have paid up, most are
upperclassnien. The freshmen especi
ally show a lack of purchasers. This
is the first year that the season ticket
system has been tried at Stanford, and
unless more take advantage of the
opportunities offered by the scheme,
it will necessarily he discontinued.
The system has worked with great
success at most every institution i>
the country.
Those who have not secured their
tickets may get them from Graduate
Manager Burbank at any time. Bur
bank's office is in room 123, Encina.
Up to noon today only 541 season
tickets had been sold. This is a very
poor showing as compared with last
semester, when over 1,000 were taken
on registration day. Besides, the
tickets for this spring sell for a dol
lar less than last fall and will admit
more games. The price this semester
is $2, which also includes the annual
regular student body assessment of
$1. The ticket will admit to all games
in each branch of athletics that are
played on the campus except the cou
tests with California and the inter
state meets.
No reason can be assigned for the
great falling off in (he number of
purchasers unless it is neglect on
the part of the students to notice tht.
numerous sellers about the registrar's
office. Under the amendment passed
last semester no person can represent
(he University in any activity who has
not paid the student body dues. Un
less a great many more come through
during the next few days it would
seem that only a small per cent of the
student body intends to make an ei
fort to represent Stanford in the vari
ous activities.
Of those that have paid up, most are
upperclassnien. The freshmen especi
ally show a lack of purchasers. This
is the first year that the season ticket
system has been tried at Stanford, and
unless more take advantage of the
opportunities offered by the scheme,
it will necessarily he discontinued.
The system has worked with great
success at most every institution i>
the country.
Those who have not secured their
tickets may get them from Graduate
Manager Burbank at any time. Bur
bank's office is in room 123, Encina.
Up to noon today only 541 season
tickets had been sold. This is a very
poor showing as compared with last
semester, when over 1,000 were taken
on registration day. Besides, the
tickets for this spring sell for a dol
lar less than last fall and will admit
more games. The price this semester
is $2, which also includes the annual
regular student body assessment of
$1. The ticket will admit to all games
in each branch of athletics that are
played on the campus except the cou
tests with California and the inter
state meets.
No reason can be assigned for the
great falling off in (he number of
purchasers unless it is neglect on
the part of the students to notice tht.
numerous sellers about the registrar's
office. Under the amendment passed
last semester no person can represent
(he University in any activity who has
not paid the student body dues. Un
less a great many more come through
during the next few days it would
seem that only a small per cent of the
student body intends to make an ei
fort to represent Stanford in the vari
ous activities.
Of those that have paid up, most are
upperclassnien. The freshmen especi
ally show a lack of purchasers. This
is the first year that the season ticket
system has been tried at Stanford, and
unless more take advantage of the
opportunities offered by the scheme,
it will necessarily he discontinued.
The system has worked with great
success at most every institution i>
the country.
Those who have not secured their
tickets may get them from Graduate
Manager Burbank at any time. Bur
bank's office is in room 123, Encina.
Up to noon today only 541 season
tickets had been sold. This is a very
poor showing as compared with last
semester, when over 1,000 were taken
on registration day. Besides, the
tickets for this spring sell for a dol
lar less than last fall and will admit
more games. The price this semester
is $2, which also includes the annual
regular student body assessment of
$1. The ticket will admit to all games
in each branch of athletics that are
played on the campus except the cou
tests with California and the inter
state meets.
No reason can be assigned for the
great falling off in (he number of
purchasers unless it is neglect on
the part of the students to notice tht.
numerous sellers about the registrar's
office. Under the amendment passed
last semester no person can represent
(he University in any activity who has
not paid the student body dues. Un
less a great many more come through
during the next few days it would
seem that only a small per cent of the
student body intends to make an ei
fort to represent Stanford in the vari
ous activities.
Of those that have paid up, most are
upperclassnien. The freshmen especi
ally show a lack of purchasers. This
is the first year that the season ticket
system has been tried at Stanford, and
unless more take advantage of the
opportunities offered by the scheme,
it will necessarily he discontinued.
The system has worked with great
success at most every institution i>
the country.
Those who have not secured their
tickets may get them from Graduate
Manager Burbank at any time. Bur
bank's office is in room 123, Encina.
Up to noon today only 541 season
tickets had been sold. This is a very
poor showing as compared with last
semester, when over 1,000 were taken
on registration day. Besides, the
tickets for this spring sell for a dol
lar less than last fall and will admit
more games. The price this semester
is $2, which also includes the annual
regular student body assessment of
$1. The ticket will admit to all games
in each branch of athletics that are
played on the campus except the cou
tests with California and the inter
state meets.
No reason can be assigned for the
great falling off in (he number of
purchasers unless it is neglect on
the part of the students to notice tht.
numerous sellers about the registrar's
office. Under the amendment passed
last semester no person can represent
(he University in any activity who has
not paid the student body dues. Un
less a great many more come through
during the next few days it would
seem that only a small per cent of the
student body intends to make an ei
fort to represent Stanford in the vari
ous activities.
Of those that have paid up, most are
upperclassnien. The freshmen especi
ally show a lack of purchasers. This
is the first year that the season ticket
system has been tried at Stanford, and
unless more take advantage of the
opportunities offered by the scheme,
it will necessarily he discontinued.
The system has worked with great
success at most every institution i>
the country.
Those who have not secured their
tickets may get them from Graduate
Manager Burbank at any time. Bur
bank's office is in room 123, Encina.
Up to noon today only 541 season
tickets had been sold. This is a very
poor showing as compared with last
semester, when over 1,000 were taken
on registration day. Besides, the
tickets for this spring sell for a dol
lar less than last fall and will admit
more games. The price this semester
is $2, which also includes the annual
regular student body assessment of
$1. The ticket will admit to all games
in each branch of athletics that are
played on the campus except the cou
tests with California and the inter
state meets.
No reason can be assigned for the
great falling off in (he number of
purchasers unless it is neglect on
the part of the students to notice tht.
numerous sellers about the registrar's
office. Under the amendment passed
last semester no person can represent
(he University in any activity who has
not paid the student body dues. Un
less a great many more come through
during the next few days it would
seem that only a small per cent of the
student body intends to make an ei
fort to represent Stanford in the vari
ous activities.
Of those that have paid up, most are
upperclassnien. The freshmen especi
ally show a lack of purchasers. This
is the first year that the season ticket
system has been tried at Stanford, and
unless more take advantage of the
opportunities offered by the scheme,
it will necessarily he discontinued.
The system has worked with great
success at most every institution i>
the country.
Those who have not secured their
tickets may get them from Graduate
Manager Burbank at any time. Bur
bank's office is in room 123, Encina.
Up to noon today only 541 season
tickets had been sold. This is a very
poor showing as compared with last
semester, when over 1,000 were taken
on registration day. Besides, the
tickets for this spring sell for a dol
lar less than last fall and will admit
more games. The price this semester
is $2, which also includes the annual
regular student body assessment of
$1. The ticket will admit to all games
in each branch of athletics that are
played on the campus except the cou
tests with California and the inter
state meets.
No reason can be assigned for the
great falling off in (he number of
purchasers unless it is neglect on
the part of the students to notice tht.
numerous sellers about the registrar's
office. Under the amendment passed
last semester no person can represent
(he University in any activity who has
not paid the student body dues. Un
less a great many more come through
during the next few days it would
seem that only a small per cent of the
student body intends to make an ei
fort to represent Stanford in the vari
ous activities.
Of those that have paid up, most are
upperclassnien. The freshmen especi
ally show a lack of purchasers. This
is the first year that the season ticket
system has been tried at Stanford, and
unless more take advantage of the
opportunities offered by the scheme,
it will necessarily he discontinued.
The system has worked with great
success at most every institution i>
the country.
Those who have not secured their
tickets may get them from Graduate
Manager Burbank at any time. Bur
bank's office is in room 123, Encina.
Up to noon today only 541 season
tickets had been sold. This is a very
poor showing as compared with last
semester, when over 1,000 were taken
on registration day. Besides, the
tickets for this spring sell for a dol
lar less than last fall and will admit
more games. The price this semester
is $2, which also includes the annual
regular student body assessment of
$1. The ticket will admit to all games
in each branch of athletics that are
played on the campus except the cou
tests with California and the inter
state meets.
No reason can be assigned for the
great falling off in (he number of
purchasers unless it is neglect on
the part of the students to notice tht.
numerous sellers about the registrar's
office. Under the amendment passed
last semester no person can represent
(he University in any activity who has
not paid the student body dues. Un
less a great many more come through
during the next few days it would
seem that only a small per cent of the
student body intends to make an ei
fort to represent Stanford in the vari
ous activities.
Of those that have paid up, most are
upperclassnien. The freshmen especi
ally show a lack of purchasers. This
is the first year that the season ticket
system has been tried at Stanford, and
unless more take advantage of the
opportunities offered by the scheme,
it will necessarily he discontinued.
The system has worked with great
success at most every institution i>
the country.
Those who have not secured their
tickets may get them from Graduate
Manager Burbank at any time. Bur
bank's office is in room 123, Encina.
Up to noon today only 541 season
tickets had been sold. This is a very
poor showing as compared with last
semester, when over 1,000 were taken
on registration day. Besides, the
tickets for this spring sell for a dol
lar less than last fall and will admit
more games. The price this semester
is $2, which also includes the annual
regular student body assessment of
$1. The ticket will admit to all games
in each branch of athletics that are
played on the campus except the cou
tests with California and the inter
state meets.
No reason can be assigned for the
great falling off in (he number of
purchasers unless it is neglect on
the part of the students to notice tht.
numerous sellers about the registrar's
office. Under the amendment passed
last semester no person can represent
(he University in any activity who has
not paid the student body dues. Un
less a great many more come through
during the next few days it would
seem that only a small per cent of the
student body intends to make an ei
fort to represent Stanford in the vari
ous activities.
Of those that have paid up, most are
upperclassnien. The freshmen especi
ally show a lack of purchasers. This
is the first year that the season ticket
system has been tried at Stanford, and
unless more take advantage of the
opportunities offered by the scheme,
it will necessarily he discontinued.
The system has worked with great
success at most every institution i>
the country.
Those who have not secured their
tickets may get them from Graduate
Manager Burbank at any time. Bur
bank's office is in room 123, Encina.
Up to noon today only 541 season
tickets had been sold. This is a very
poor showing as compared with last
semester, when over 1,000 were taken
on registration day. Besides, the
tickets for this spring sell for a dol
lar less than last fall and will admit
more games. The price this semester
is $2, which also includes the annual
regular student body assessment of
$1. The ticket will admit to all games
in each branch of athletics that are
played on the campus except the cou
tests with California and the inter
state meets.
No reason can be assigned for the
great falling off in (he number of
purchasers unless it is neglect on
the part of the students to notice tht.
numerous sellers about the registrar's
office. Under the amendment passed
last semester no person can represent
(he University in any activity who has
not paid the student body dues. Un
less a great many more come through
during the next few days it would
seem that only a small per cent of the
student body intends to make an ei
fort to represent Stanford in the vari
ous activities.
Of those that have paid up, most are
upperclassnien. The freshmen especi
ally show a lack of purchasers. This
is the first year that the season ticket
system has been tried at Stanford, and
unless more take advantage of the
opportunities offered by the scheme,
it will necessarily he discontinued.
The system has worked with great
success at most every institution i>
the country.
Those who have not secured their
tickets may get them from Graduate
Manager Burbank at any time. Bur
bank's office is in room 123, Encina.
Up to noon today only 541 season
tickets had been sold. This is a very
poor showing as compared with last
semester, when over 1,000 were taken
on registration day. Besides, the
tickets for this spring sell for a dol
lar less than last fall and will admit
more games. The price this semester
is $2, which also includes the annual
regular student body assessment of
$1. The ticket will admit to all games
in each branch of athletics that are
played on the campus except the cou
tests with California and the inter
state meets.
No reason can be assigned for the
great falling off in (he number of
purchasers unless it is neglect on
the part of the students to notice tht.
numerous sellers about the registrar's
office. Under the amendment passed
last semester no person can represent
(he University in any activity who has
not paid the student body dues. Un
less a great many more come through
during the next few days it would
seem that only a small per cent of the
student body intends to make an ei
fort to represent Stanford in the vari
ous activities.
Of those that have paid up, most are
upperclassnien. The freshmen especi
ally show a lack of purchasers. This
is the first year that the season ticket
system has been tried at Stanford, and
unless more take advantage of the
opportunities offered by the scheme,
it will necessarily he discontinued.
The system has worked with great
success at most every institution i>
the country.
Those who have not secured their
tickets may get them from Graduate
Manager Burbank at any time. Bur
bank's office is in room 123, Encina.
Up to noon today only 541 season
tickets had been sold. This is a very
poor showing as compared with last
semester, when over 1,000 were taken
on registration day. Besides, the
tickets for this spring sell for a dol
lar less than last fall and will admit
more games. The price this semester
is $2, which also includes the annual
regular student body assessment of
$1. The ticket will admit to all games
in each branch of athletics that are
played on the campus except the cou
tests with California and the inter
state meets.
No reason can be assigned for the
great falling off in (he number of
purchasers unless it is neglect on
the part of the students to notice tht.
numerous sellers about the registrar's
office. Under the amendment passed
last semester no person can represent
(he University in any activity who has
not paid the student body dues. Un
less a great many more come through
during the next few days it would
seem that only a small per cent of the
student body intends to make an ei
fort to represent Stanford in the vari
ous activities.
Of those that have paid up, most are
upperclassnien. The freshmen especi
ally show a lack of purchasers. This
is the first year that the season ticket
system has been tried at Stanford, and
unless more take advantage of the
opportunities offered by the scheme,
it will necessarily he discontinued.
The system has worked with great
success at most every institution i>
the country.
Those who have not secured their
tickets may get them from Graduate
Manager Burbank at any time. Bur
bank's office is in room 123, Encina.
Up to noon today only 541 season
tickets had been sold. This is a very
poor showing as compared with last
semester, when over 1,000 were taken
on registration day. Besides, the
tickets for this spring sell for a dol
lar less than last fall and will admit
more games. The price this semester
is $2, which also includes the annual
regular student body assessment of
$1. The ticket will admit to all games
in each branch of athletics that are
played on the campus except the cou
tests with California and the inter
state meets.
No reason can be assigned for the
great falling off in (he number of
purchasers unless it is neglect on
the part of the students to notice tht.
numerous sellers about the registrar's
office. Under the amendment passed
last semester no person can represent
(he University in any activity who has
not paid the student body dues. Un
less a great many more come through
during the next few days it would
seem that only a small per cent of the
student body intends to make an ei
fort to represent Stanford in the vari
ous activities.
Of those that have paid up, most are
upperclassnien. The freshmen especi
ally show a lack of purchasers. This
is the first year that the season ticket
system has been tried at Stanford, and
unless more take advantage of the
opportunities offered by the scheme,
it will necessarily he discontinued.
The system has worked with great
success at most every institution i>
the country.
Those who have not secured their
tickets may get them from Graduate
Manager Burbank at any time. Bur
bank's office is in room 123, Encina.
