# College Notes.
## 
### 
The total enrollment in all depart
ments of Harvard University, not in
cluding the Summer School, is 3918.
Out of a total State enrollment of
Massachusetts has a representa
tion of about 50 per cent. New York
is second with about 12 per cent.
Minnesota is planning to hold class
track meets for its women students
and to arrange a meet between the
varsity track team and a team com
posed of women, giving the latter
handicaps.
Harvard is endeavoring to have the
course in the annual Yale-Harvard
race shortened from four to three
miles. It is said, also, that Yale fa
vors the admission of Princeton to
the regatta, thus making it three-cor
nered. and breaking the custom of
over twenty years, during which Yale
and Harvard have annually met for a
dual race. Harvard opposes the en
trance of Princeton.
