# Dr. Brand Opens Public Forums
## 
### 
As first in a series of 12 weekly
Monday evening public forum- to be
held in San Jose, Dr. Carl F. Brand,
professor in the history department,
gave "The Development of the Brit -
ish Empire since the American Rev
olution,"
The lecture and subsequent di:
cussion took place at the Horacc
Mann school auditorium. Next Mon
day Dr. Phillip W. Buck, professoi
in the political science department,
will speak on "The Government of
Great Britain."
As first in a series of 12 weekly
Monday evening public forum- to be
held in San Jose, Dr. Carl F. Brand,
professor in the history department,
gave "The Development of the Brit -
ish Empire since the American Rev
olution,"
The lecture and subsequent di:
cussion took place at the Horacc
Mann school auditorium. Next Mon
day Dr. Phillip W. Buck, professoi
in the political science department,
will speak on "The Government of
Great Britain."
As first in a series of 12 weekly
Monday evening public forum- to be
held in San Jose, Dr. Carl F. Brand,
professor in the history department,
gave "The Development of the Brit -
ish Empire since the American Rev
olution,"
The lecture and subsequent di:
cussion took place at the Horacc
Mann school auditorium. Next Mon
day Dr. Phillip W. Buck, professoi
in the political science department,
will speak on "The Government of
Great Britain."
As first in a series of 12 weekly
Monday evening public forum- to be
held in San Jose, Dr. Carl F. Brand,
professor in the history department,
gave "The Development of the Brit -
ish Empire since the American Rev
olution,"
The lecture and subsequent di:
cussion took place at the Horacc
Mann school auditorium. Next Mon
day Dr. Phillip W. Buck, professoi
in the political science department,
will speak on "The Government of
Great Britain."
As first in a series of 12 weekly
Monday evening public forum- to be
held in San Jose, Dr. Carl F. Brand,
professor in the history department,
gave "The Development of the Brit -
ish Empire since the American Rev
olution,"
The lecture and subsequent di:
cussion took place at the Horacc
Mann school auditorium. Next Mon
day Dr. Phillip W. Buck, professoi
in the political science department,
will speak on "The Government of
Great Britain."
As first in a series of 12 weekly
Monday evening public forum- to be
held in San Jose, Dr. Carl F. Brand,
professor in the history department,
gave "The Development of the Brit -
ish Empire since the American Rev
olution,"
The lecture and subsequent di:
cussion took place at the Horacc
Mann school auditorium. Next Mon
day Dr. Phillip W. Buck, professoi
in the political science department,
will speak on "The Government of
Great Britain."
As first in a series of 12 weekly
Monday evening public forum- to be
held in San Jose, Dr. Carl F. Brand,
professor in the history department,
gave "The Development of the Brit -
ish Empire since the American Rev
olution,"
The lecture and subsequent di:
cussion took place at the Horacc
Mann school auditorium. Next Mon
day Dr. Phillip W. Buck, professoi
in the political science department,
will speak on "The Government of
Great Britain."
As first in a series of 12 weekly
Monday evening public forum- to be
held in San Jose, Dr. Carl F. Brand,
professor in the history department,
gave "The Development of the Brit -
ish Empire since the American Rev
olution,"
The lecture and subsequent di:
cussion took place at the Horacc
Mann school auditorium. Next Mon
day Dr. Phillip W. Buck, professoi
in the political science department,
will speak on "The Government of
Great Britain."
As first in a series of 12 weekly
Monday evening public forum- to be
held in San Jose, Dr. Carl F. Brand,
professor in the history department,
gave "The Development of the Brit -
ish Empire since the American Rev
olution,"
The lecture and subsequent di:
cussion took place at the Horacc
Mann school auditorium. Next Mon
day Dr. Phillip W. Buck, professoi
in the political science department,
will speak on "The Government of
Great Britain."
As first in a series of 12 weekly
Monday evening public forum- to be
held in San Jose, Dr. Carl F. Brand,
professor in the history department,
gave "The Development of the Brit -
ish Empire since the American Rev
olution,"
The lecture and subsequent di:
cussion took place at the Horacc
Mann school auditorium. Next Mon
day Dr. Phillip W. Buck, professoi
in the political science department,
will speak on "The Government of
Great Britain."
As first in a series of 12 weekly
Monday evening public forum- to be
held in San Jose, Dr. Carl F. Brand,
professor in the history department,
gave "The Development of the Brit -
ish Empire since the American Rev
olution,"
The lecture and subsequent di:
cussion took place at the Horacc
Mann school auditorium. Next Mon
day Dr. Phillip W. Buck, professoi
in the political science department,
will speak on "The Government of
Great Britain."
As first in a series of 12 weekly
Monday evening public forum- to be
held in San Jose, Dr. Carl F. Brand,
professor in the history department,
gave "The Development of the Brit -
ish Empire since the American Rev
olution,"
The lecture and subsequent di:
cussion took place at the Horacc
Mann school auditorium. Next Mon
day Dr. Phillip W. Buck, professoi
in the political science department,
will speak on "The Government of
Great Britain."
As first in a series of 12 weekly
Monday evening public forum- to be
held in San Jose, Dr. Carl F. Brand,
professor in the history department,
gave "The Development of the Brit -
ish Empire since the American Rev
olution,"
The lecture and subsequent di:
cussion took place at the Horacc
Mann school auditorium. Next Mon
day Dr. Phillip W. Buck, professoi
in the political science department,
will speak on "The Government of
Great Britain."
As first in a series of 12 weekly
Monday evening public forum- to be
held in San Jose, Dr. Carl F. Brand,
professor in the history department,
gave "The Development of the Brit -
ish Empire since the American Rev
olution,"
The lecture and subsequent di:
cussion took place at the Horacc
Mann school auditorium. Next Mon
day Dr. Phillip W. Buck, professoi
in the political science department,
will speak on "The Government of
Great Britain."
As first in a series of 12 weekly
Monday evening public forum- to be
held in San Jose, Dr. Carl F. Brand,
professor in the history department,
gave "The Development of the Brit -
ish Empire since the American Rev
olution,"
The lecture and subsequent di:
cussion took place at the Horacc
Mann school auditorium. Next Mon
day Dr. Phillip W. Buck, professoi
in the political science department,
will speak on "The Government of
Great Britain."
As first in a series of 12 weekly
Monday evening public forum- to be
held in San Jose, Dr. Carl F. Brand,
professor in the history department,
gave "The Development of the Brit -
ish Empire since the American Rev
olution,"
The lecture and subsequent di:
cussion took place at the Horacc
Mann school auditorium. Next Mon
day Dr. Phillip W. Buck, professoi
in the political science department,
will speak on "The Government of
Great Britain."
