# Ram's Head Sets Gaieties Deadlines
## 
### 
Charles Bulotti, director of this
year s Big Game Gaieties, announced
yesterday that the deadline Rani's
Head has set for the submission of
bids for orchestra and arrangements
for the Big Game Gaieties will be
Friday, September 29. Instrumenta
tion requirements may be obtained
from the Dramatic Manager, Gordy
Weber.
Bulotti also announced that all
songs and skits for the Gaieties must
be submitted by October 6. The Gai
eties will be the first Ram's Head
production of the year. It is pos
sible, according to Ram's Head, that
Myron Birnbaum, last year's musical
director who was responsible for
the arrangements of many of the
Spring Show and Gaieties hits, will
again assist or. the musical score.
