# Reg Dance Gate Breaks Record
## 
### 
New and old Stanfordites
danced last nigh' to the music
of George Cavell at the Farm's
the quarterly Reg Dance, spon
sored by Scabbard and Blade.
At 10:30 o'clock. 600 tickets
had been sold—one hundred
over the number printed by the
A.S.S.U. When told of the un
precedented sale, Student Man
ager John Cobbs predicted that
the proceeds from the affair
would just about make up the
debt Scabbard and Blade in
curred on their "big name"
dance last spring.
New and old Stanfordites
danced last nigh' to the music
of George Cavell at the Farm's
the quarterly Reg Dance, spon
sored by Scabbard and Blade.
At 10:30 o'clock. 600 tickets
had been sold—one hundred
over the number printed by the
A.S.S.U. When told of the un
precedented sale, Student Man
ager John Cobbs predicted that
the proceeds from the affair
would just about make up the
debt Scabbard and Blade in
curred on their "big name"
dance last spring.
New and old Stanfordites
danced last nigh' to the music
of George Cavell at the Farm's
the quarterly Reg Dance, spon
sored by Scabbard and Blade.
At 10:30 o'clock. 600 tickets
had been sold—one hundred
over the number printed by the
A.S.S.U. When told of the un
precedented sale, Student Man
ager John Cobbs predicted that
the proceeds from the affair
would just about make up the
debt Scabbard and Blade in
curred on their "big name"
dance last spring.
New and old Stanfordites
danced last nigh' to the music
of George Cavell at the Farm's
the quarterly Reg Dance, spon
sored by Scabbard and Blade.
At 10:30 o'clock. 600 tickets
had been sold—one hundred
over the number printed by the
A.S.S.U. When told of the un
precedented sale, Student Man
ager John Cobbs predicted that
the proceeds from the affair
would just about make up the
debt Scabbard and Blade in
curred on their "big name"
dance last spring.
New and old Stanfordites
danced last nigh' to the music
of George Cavell at the Farm's
the quarterly Reg Dance, spon
sored by Scabbard and Blade.
At 10:30 o'clock. 600 tickets
had been sold—one hundred
over the number printed by the
A.S.S.U. When told of the un
precedented sale, Student Man
ager John Cobbs predicted that
the proceeds from the affair
would just about make up the
debt Scabbard and Blade in
curred on their "big name"
dance last spring.
New and old Stanfordites
danced last nigh' to the music
of George Cavell at the Farm's
the quarterly Reg Dance, spon
sored by Scabbard and Blade.
At 10:30 o'clock. 600 tickets
had been sold—one hundred
over the number printed by the
A.S.S.U. When told of the un
precedented sale, Student Man
ager John Cobbs predicted that
the proceeds from the affair
would just about make up the
debt Scabbard and Blade in
curred on their "big name"
dance last spring.
New and old Stanfordites
danced last nigh' to the music
of George Cavell at the Farm's
the quarterly Reg Dance, spon
sored by Scabbard and Blade.
At 10:30 o'clock. 600 tickets
had been sold—one hundred
over the number printed by the
A.S.S.U. When told of the un
precedented sale, Student Man
ager John Cobbs predicted that
the proceeds from the affair
would just about make up the
debt Scabbard and Blade in
curred on their "big name"
dance last spring.
New and old Stanfordites
danced last nigh' to the music
of George Cavell at the Farm's
the quarterly Reg Dance, spon
sored by Scabbard and Blade.
At 10:30 o'clock. 600 tickets
had been sold—one hundred
over the number printed by the
A.S.S.U. When told of the un
precedented sale, Student Man
ager John Cobbs predicted that
the proceeds from the affair
would just about make up the
debt Scabbard and Blade in
curred on their "big name"
dance last spring.
New and old Stanfordites
danced last nigh' to the music
of George Cavell at the Farm's
the quarterly Reg Dance, spon
sored by Scabbard and Blade.
At 10:30 o'clock. 600 tickets
had been sold—one hundred
over the number printed by the
A.S.S.U. When told of the un
precedented sale, Student Man
ager John Cobbs predicted that
the proceeds from the affair
would just about make up the
debt Scabbard and Blade in
curred on their "big name"
dance last spring.
New and old Stanfordites
danced last nigh' to the music
of George Cavell at the Farm's
the quarterly Reg Dance, spon
sored by Scabbard and Blade.
At 10:30 o'clock. 600 tickets
had been sold—one hundred
over the number printed by the
A.S.S.U. When told of the un
precedented sale, Student Man
ager John Cobbs predicted that
the proceeds from the affair
would just about make up the
debt Scabbard and Blade in
curred on their "big name"
dance last spring.
New and old Stanfordites
danced last nigh' to the music
of George Cavell at the Farm's
the quarterly Reg Dance, spon
sored by Scabbard and Blade.
At 10:30 o'clock. 600 tickets
had been sold—one hundred
over the number printed by the
A.S.S.U. When told of the un
precedented sale, Student Man
ager John Cobbs predicted that
the proceeds from the affair
would just about make up the
debt Scabbard and Blade in
curred on their "big name"
dance last spring.
New and old Stanfordites
danced last nigh' to the music
of George Cavell at the Farm's
the quarterly Reg Dance, spon
sored by Scabbard and Blade.
At 10:30 o'clock. 600 tickets
had been sold—one hundred
over the number printed by the
A.S.S.U. When told of the un
precedented sale, Student Man
ager John Cobbs predicted that
the proceeds from the affair
would just about make up the
debt Scabbard and Blade in
curred on their "big name"
dance last spring.
New and old Stanfordites
danced last nigh' to the music
of George Cavell at the Farm's
the quarterly Reg Dance, spon
sored by Scabbard and Blade.
At 10:30 o'clock. 600 tickets
had been sold—one hundred
over the number printed by the
A.S.S.U. When told of the un
precedented sale, Student Man
ager John Cobbs predicted that
the proceeds from the affair
would just about make up the
debt Scabbard and Blade in
curred on their "big name"
dance last spring.
New and old Stanfordites
danced last nigh' to the music
of George Cavell at the Farm's
the quarterly Reg Dance, spon
sored by Scabbard and Blade.
At 10:30 o'clock. 600 tickets
had been sold—one hundred
over the number printed by the
A.S.S.U. When told of the un
precedented sale, Student Man
ager John Cobbs predicted that
the proceeds from the affair
would just about make up the
debt Scabbard and Blade in
curred on their "big name"
dance last spring.
New and old Stanfordites
danced last nigh' to the music
of George Cavell at the Farm's
the quarterly Reg Dance, spon
sored by Scabbard and Blade.
At 10:30 o'clock. 600 tickets
had been sold—one hundred
over the number printed by the
A.S.S.U. When told of the un
precedented sale, Student Man
ager John Cobbs predicted that
the proceeds from the affair
would just about make up the
debt Scabbard and Blade in
curred on their "big name"
dance last spring.
New and old Stanfordites
danced last nigh' to the music
of George Cavell at the Farm's
the quarterly Reg Dance, spon
sored by Scabbard and Blade.
At 10:30 o'clock. 600 tickets
had been sold—one hundred
over the number printed by the
A.S.S.U. When told of the un
precedented sale, Student Man
ager John Cobbs predicted that
the proceeds from the affair
would just about make up the
debt Scabbard and Blade in
curred on their "big name"
dance last spring.
