# Offer Prizes For Best Idea
## 
### 
Snappy stunts for the rooters'
sections are wanted, it was an
nounced by the rally committee last
night. Original and novel designs
are wanted for the card - picture
stunts which will carry out the In
dian-Trojan-Bear motif. A prize
offered by Palo Alto merchants
awaits the cleverest idea. Marvie
Kalin, Room 125 Encina, is the gen
tleman to see with good suggestions.
Lively skits which are colorful
enough and insane enough will be
welcomed at the rallies. Here also
there is a chance to win a prize,
and all contributions may be turned
in to Will Eisner, Room 212 Toyon.
Snappy stunts for the rooters'
sections are wanted, it was an
nounced by the rally committee last
night. Original and novel designs
are wanted for the card - picture
stunts which will carry out the In
dian-Trojan-Bear motif. A prize
offered by Palo Alto merchants
awaits the cleverest idea. Marvie
Kalin, Room 125 Encina, is the gen
tleman to see with good suggestions.
Lively skits which are colorful
enough and insane enough will be
welcomed at the rallies. Here also
there is a chance to win a prize,
and all contributions may be turned
in to Will Eisner, Room 212 Toyon.
Snappy stunts for the rooters'
sections are wanted, it was an
nounced by the rally committee last
night. Original and novel designs
are wanted for the card - picture
stunts which will carry out the In
dian-Trojan-Bear motif. A prize
offered by Palo Alto merchants
awaits the cleverest idea. Marvie
Kalin, Room 125 Encina, is the gen
tleman to see with good suggestions.
Lively skits which are colorful
enough and insane enough will be
welcomed at the rallies. Here also
there is a chance to win a prize,
and all contributions may be turned
in to Will Eisner, Room 212 Toyon.
Snappy stunts for the rooters'
sections are wanted, it was an
nounced by the rally committee last
night. Original and novel designs
are wanted for the card - picture
stunts which will carry out the In
dian-Trojan-Bear motif. A prize
offered by Palo Alto merchants
awaits the cleverest idea. Marvie
Kalin, Room 125 Encina, is the gen
tleman to see with good suggestions.
Lively skits which are colorful
enough and insane enough will be
welcomed at the rallies. Here also
there is a chance to win a prize,
and all contributions may be turned
in to Will Eisner, Room 212 Toyon.
Snappy stunts for the rooters'
sections are wanted, it was an
nounced by the rally committee last
night. Original and novel designs
are wanted for the card - picture
stunts which will carry out the In
dian-Trojan-Bear motif. A prize
offered by Palo Alto merchants
awaits the cleverest idea. Marvie
Kalin, Room 125 Encina, is the gen
tleman to see with good suggestions.
Lively skits which are colorful
enough and insane enough will be
welcomed at the rallies. Here also
there is a chance to win a prize,
and all contributions may be turned
in to Will Eisner, Room 212 Toyon.
Snappy stunts for the rooters'
sections are wanted, it was an
nounced by the rally committee last
night. Original and novel designs
are wanted for the card - picture
stunts which will carry out the In
dian-Trojan-Bear motif. A prize
offered by Palo Alto merchants
awaits the cleverest idea. Marvie
Kalin, Room 125 Encina, is the gen
tleman to see with good suggestions.
Lively skits which are colorful
enough and insane enough will be
welcomed at the rallies. Here also
there is a chance to win a prize,
and all contributions may be turned
in to Will Eisner, Room 212 Toyon.
Snappy stunts for the rooters'
sections are wanted, it was an
nounced by the rally committee last
night. Original and novel designs
are wanted for the card - picture
stunts which will carry out the In
dian-Trojan-Bear motif. A prize
offered by Palo Alto merchants
awaits the cleverest idea. Marvie
Kalin, Room 125 Encina, is the gen
tleman to see with good suggestions.
Lively skits which are colorful
enough and insane enough will be
welcomed at the rallies. Here also
there is a chance to win a prize,
and all contributions may be turned
in to Will Eisner, Room 212 Toyon.
Snappy stunts for the rooters'
sections are wanted, it was an
nounced by the rally committee last
night. Original and novel designs
are wanted for the card - picture
stunts which will carry out the In
dian-Trojan-Bear motif. A prize
offered by Palo Alto merchants
awaits the cleverest idea. Marvie
Kalin, Room 125 Encina, is the gen
tleman to see with good suggestions.
Lively skits which are colorful
enough and insane enough will be
welcomed at the rallies. Here also
there is a chance to win a prize,
and all contributions may be turned
in to Will Eisner, Room 212 Toyon.
Snappy stunts for the rooters'
sections are wanted, it was an
nounced by the rally committee last
night. Original and novel designs
are wanted for the card - picture
stunts which will carry out the In
dian-Trojan-Bear motif. A prize
offered by Palo Alto merchants
awaits the cleverest idea. Marvie
Kalin, Room 125 Encina, is the gen
tleman to see with good suggestions.
Lively skits which are colorful
enough and insane enough will be
welcomed at the rallies. Here also
there is a chance to win a prize,
and all contributions may be turned
in to Will Eisner, Room 212 Toyon.
Snappy stunts for the rooters'
sections are wanted, it was an
nounced by the rally committee last
night. Original and novel designs
are wanted for the card - picture
stunts which will carry out the In
dian-Trojan-Bear motif. A prize
offered by Palo Alto merchants
awaits the cleverest idea. Marvie
Kalin, Room 125 Encina, is the gen
tleman to see with good suggestions.
Lively skits which are colorful
enough and insane enough will be
welcomed at the rallies. Here also
there is a chance to win a prize,
and all contributions may be turned
in to Will Eisner, Room 212 Toyon.
Snappy stunts for the rooters'
sections are wanted, it was an
nounced by the rally committee last
night. Original and novel designs
are wanted for the card - picture
stunts which will carry out the In
dian-Trojan-Bear motif. A prize
offered by Palo Alto merchants
awaits the cleverest idea. Marvie
Kalin, Room 125 Encina, is the gen
tleman to see with good suggestions.
Lively skits which are colorful
enough and insane enough will be
welcomed at the rallies. Here also
there is a chance to win a prize,
and all contributions may be turned
in to Will Eisner, Room 212 Toyon.
Snappy stunts for the rooters'
sections are wanted, it was an
nounced by the rally committee last
night. Original and novel designs
are wanted for the card - picture
stunts which will carry out the In
dian-Trojan-Bear motif. A prize
offered by Palo Alto merchants
awaits the cleverest idea. Marvie
Kalin, Room 125 Encina, is the gen
tleman to see with good suggestions.
Lively skits which are colorful
enough and insane enough will be
welcomed at the rallies. Here also
there is a chance to win a prize,
and all contributions may be turned
in to Will Eisner, Room 212 Toyon.
Snappy stunts for the rooters'
sections are wanted, it was an
nounced by the rally committee last
night. Original and novel designs
are wanted for the card - picture
stunts which will carry out the In
dian-Trojan-Bear motif. A prize
offered by Palo Alto merchants
awaits the cleverest idea. Marvie
Kalin, Room 125 Encina, is the gen
tleman to see with good suggestions.
Lively skits which are colorful
enough and insane enough will be
welcomed at the rallies. Here also
there is a chance to win a prize,
and all contributions may be turned
in to Will Eisner, Room 212 Toyon.
Snappy stunts for the rooters'
sections are wanted, it was an
nounced by the rally committee last
night. Original and novel designs
are wanted for the card - picture
stunts which will carry out the In
dian-Trojan-Bear motif. A prize
offered by Palo Alto merchants
awaits the cleverest idea. Marvie
Kalin, Room 125 Encina, is the gen
tleman to see with good suggestions.
Lively skits which are colorful
enough and insane enough will be
welcomed at the rallies. Here also
there is a chance to win a prize,
and all contributions may be turned
in to Will Eisner, Room 212 Toyon.
Snappy stunts for the rooters'
sections are wanted, it was an
nounced by the rally committee last
night. Original and novel designs
are wanted for the card - picture
stunts which will carry out the In
dian-Trojan-Bear motif. A prize
offered by Palo Alto merchants
awaits the cleverest idea. Marvie
Kalin, Room 125 Encina, is the gen
tleman to see with good suggestions.
Lively skits which are colorful
enough and insane enough will be
welcomed at the rallies. Here also
there is a chance to win a prize,
and all contributions may be turned
in to Will Eisner, Room 212 Toyon.
