# SHOES WALK STRAIGHT
## 
### 
New "outaflare" shoes, by Flor
sheim, will not make bowlegs look
like knock-knees, but it will give
to men with feet that have a tend
ency to walk in different directions
(he illusion of walking on the
straight and narrow. These new
Florsheims are being sold exclu
sively at Thoits'.
New "outaflare" shoes, by Flor
sheim, will not make bowlegs look
like knock-knees, but it will give
to men with feet that have a tend
ency to walk in different directions
(he illusion of walking on the
straight and narrow. These new
Florsheims are being sold exclu
sively at Thoits'.
New "outaflare" shoes, by Flor
sheim, will not make bowlegs look
like knock-knees, but it will give
to men with feet that have a tend
ency to walk in different directions
(he illusion of walking on the
straight and narrow. These new
Florsheims are being sold exclu
sively at Thoits'.
New "outaflare" shoes, by Flor
sheim, will not make bowlegs look
like knock-knees, but it will give
to men with feet that have a tend
ency to walk in different directions
(he illusion of walking on the
straight and narrow. These new
Florsheims are being sold exclu
sively at Thoits'.
New "outaflare" shoes, by Flor
sheim, will not make bowlegs look
like knock-knees, but it will give
to men with feet that have a tend
ency to walk in different directions
(he illusion of walking on the
straight and narrow. These new
Florsheims are being sold exclu
sively at Thoits'.
New "outaflare" shoes, by Flor
sheim, will not make bowlegs look
like knock-knees, but it will give
to men with feet that have a tend
ency to walk in different directions
(he illusion of walking on the
straight and narrow. These new
Florsheims are being sold exclu
sively at Thoits'.
New "outaflare" shoes, by Flor
sheim, will not make bowlegs look
like knock-knees, but it will give
to men with feet that have a tend
ency to walk in different directions
(he illusion of walking on the
straight and narrow. These new
Florsheims are being sold exclu
sively at Thoits'.
New "outaflare" shoes, by Flor
sheim, will not make bowlegs look
like knock-knees, but it will give
to men with feet that have a tend
ency to walk in different directions
(he illusion of walking on the
straight and narrow. These new
Florsheims are being sold exclu
sively at Thoits'.
New "outaflare" shoes, by Flor
sheim, will not make bowlegs look
like knock-knees, but it will give
to men with feet that have a tend
ency to walk in different directions
(he illusion of walking on the
straight and narrow. These new
Florsheims are being sold exclu
sively at Thoits'.
New "outaflare" shoes, by Flor
sheim, will not make bowlegs look
like knock-knees, but it will give
to men with feet that have a tend
ency to walk in different directions
(he illusion of walking on the
straight and narrow. These new
Florsheims are being sold exclu
sively at Thoits'.
New "outaflare" shoes, by Flor
sheim, will not make bowlegs look
like knock-knees, but it will give
to men with feet that have a tend
ency to walk in different directions
(he illusion of walking on the
straight and narrow. These new
Florsheims are being sold exclu
sively at Thoits'.
New "outaflare" shoes, by Flor
sheim, will not make bowlegs look
like knock-knees, but it will give
to men with feet that have a tend
ency to walk in different directions
(he illusion of walking on the
straight and narrow. These new
Florsheims are being sold exclu
sively at Thoits'.
New "outaflare" shoes, by Flor
sheim, will not make bowlegs look
like knock-knees, but it will give
to men with feet that have a tend
ency to walk in different directions
(he illusion of walking on the
straight and narrow. These new
Florsheims are being sold exclu
sively at Thoits'.
New "outaflare" shoes, by Flor
sheim, will not make bowlegs look
like knock-knees, but it will give
to men with feet that have a tend
ency to walk in different directions
(he illusion of walking on the
straight and narrow. These new
Florsheims are being sold exclu
sively at Thoits'.
New "outaflare" shoes, by Flor
sheim, will not make bowlegs look
like knock-knees, but it will give
to men with feet that have a tend
ency to walk in different directions
(he illusion of walking on the
straight and narrow. These new
Florsheims are being sold exclu
sively at Thoits'.
