# DARK COLOR SHOES
## 
### 
Shoes have taken 011 somber-col- :
ors for autumn wear. Dark browns |
and blacks will predominate with (
two - tone combinations definitely
passu except black and whites that
may be worn on those warm fall
days with light flannels. Seamless i
toes and moccasin toes are popular
as ever.
Women's hats have taken on a i
decided foreign atmosphere. Influ- :
ence has been shown by France, |
Holland, Scotland, China, and Aus- I
triu.
Shoes have taken 011 somber-col- :
ors for autumn wear. Dark browns |
and blacks will predominate with (
two - tone combinations definitely
passu except black and whites that
may be worn on those warm fall
days with light flannels. Seamless i
toes and moccasin toes are popular
as ever.
Women's hats have taken on a i
decided foreign atmosphere. Influ- :
ence has been shown by France, |
Holland, Scotland, China, and Aus- I
triu.
Shoes have taken 011 somber-col- :
ors for autumn wear. Dark browns |
and blacks will predominate with (
two - tone combinations definitely
passu except black and whites that
may be worn on those warm fall
days with light flannels. Seamless i
toes and moccasin toes are popular
as ever.
Women's hats have taken on a i
decided foreign atmosphere. Influ- :
ence has been shown by France, |
Holland, Scotland, China, and Aus- I
triu.
Shoes have taken 011 somber-col- :
ors for autumn wear. Dark browns |
and blacks will predominate with (
two - tone combinations definitely
passu except black and whites that
may be worn on those warm fall
days with light flannels. Seamless i
toes and moccasin toes are popular
as ever.
Women's hats have taken on a i
decided foreign atmosphere. Influ- :
ence has been shown by France, |
Holland, Scotland, China, and Aus- I
triu.
Shoes have taken 011 somber-col- :
ors for autumn wear. Dark browns |
and blacks will predominate with (
two - tone combinations definitely
passu except black and whites that
may be worn on those warm fall
days with light flannels. Seamless i
toes and moccasin toes are popular
as ever.
Women's hats have taken on a i
decided foreign atmosphere. Influ- :
ence has been shown by France, |
Holland, Scotland, China, and Aus- I
triu.
Shoes have taken 011 somber-col- :
ors for autumn wear. Dark browns |
and blacks will predominate with (
two - tone combinations definitely
passu except black and whites that
may be worn on those warm fall
days with light flannels. Seamless i
toes and moccasin toes are popular
as ever.
Women's hats have taken on a i
decided foreign atmosphere. Influ- :
ence has been shown by France, |
Holland, Scotland, China, and Aus- I
triu.
Shoes have taken 011 somber-col- :
ors for autumn wear. Dark browns |
and blacks will predominate with (
two - tone combinations definitely
passu except black and whites that
may be worn on those warm fall
days with light flannels. Seamless i
toes and moccasin toes are popular
as ever.
Women's hats have taken on a i
decided foreign atmosphere. Influ- :
ence has been shown by France, |
Holland, Scotland, China, and Aus- I
triu.
Shoes have taken 011 somber-col- :
ors for autumn wear. Dark browns |
and blacks will predominate with (
two - tone combinations definitely
passu except black and whites that
may be worn on those warm fall
days with light flannels. Seamless i
toes and moccasin toes are popular
as ever.
Women's hats have taken on a i
decided foreign atmosphere. Influ- :
ence has been shown by France, |
Holland, Scotland, China, and Aus- I
triu.
Shoes have taken 011 somber-col- :
ors for autumn wear. Dark browns |
and blacks will predominate with (
two - tone combinations definitely
passu except black and whites that
may be worn on those warm fall
days with light flannels. Seamless i
toes and moccasin toes are popular
as ever.
Women's hats have taken on a i
decided foreign atmosphere. Influ- :
ence has been shown by France, |
Holland, Scotland, China, and Aus- I
triu.
Shoes have taken 011 somber-col- :
ors for autumn wear. Dark browns |
and blacks will predominate with (
two - tone combinations definitely
passu except black and whites that
may be worn on those warm fall
days with light flannels. Seamless i
toes and moccasin toes are popular
as ever.
Women's hats have taken on a i
decided foreign atmosphere. Influ- :
ence has been shown by France, |
Holland, Scotland, China, and Aus- I
triu.
Shoes have taken 011 somber-col- :
ors for autumn wear. Dark browns |
and blacks will predominate with (
two - tone combinations definitely
passu except black and whites that
may be worn on those warm fall
days with light flannels. Seamless i
toes and moccasin toes are popular
as ever.
Women's hats have taken on a i
decided foreign atmosphere. Influ- :
ence has been shown by France, |
Holland, Scotland, China, and Aus- I
triu.
Shoes have taken 011 somber-col- :
ors for autumn wear. Dark browns |
and blacks will predominate with (
two - tone combinations definitely
passu except black and whites that
may be worn on those warm fall
days with light flannels. Seamless i
toes and moccasin toes are popular
as ever.
Women's hats have taken on a i
decided foreign atmosphere. Influ- :
ence has been shown by France, |
Holland, Scotland, China, and Aus- I
triu.
Shoes have taken 011 somber-col- :
ors for autumn wear. Dark browns |
and blacks will predominate with (
two - tone combinations definitely
passu except black and whites that
may be worn on those warm fall
days with light flannels. Seamless i
toes and moccasin toes are popular
as ever.
Women's hats have taken on a i
decided foreign atmosphere. Influ- :
ence has been shown by France, |
Holland, Scotland, China, and Aus- I
triu.
Shoes have taken 011 somber-col- :
ors for autumn wear. Dark browns |
and blacks will predominate with (
two - tone combinations definitely
passu except black and whites that
may be worn on those warm fall
days with light flannels. Seamless i
toes and moccasin toes are popular
as ever.
Women's hats have taken on a i
decided foreign atmosphere. Influ- :
ence has been shown by France, |
Holland, Scotland, China, and Aus- I
triu.
Shoes have taken 011 somber-col- :
ors for autumn wear. Dark browns |
and blacks will predominate with (
two - tone combinations definitely
passu except black and whites that
may be worn on those warm fall
days with light flannels. Seamless i
toes and moccasin toes are popular
as ever.
Women's hats have taken on a i
decided foreign atmosphere. Influ- :
ence has been shown by France, |
Holland, Scotland, China, and Aus- I
triu.
