# S.F. Cantoria and Choir In Concert Here Tuesday
## 
### 
A concert, to be given by the San
Francisco Cantoria, and a capeila
choir of 37 voices, directed by Rev
erend Jean Ribeyon, of St. Mary's,
will be the next program scheduled
in the Tuesday Evening Series, on
October 24, at 7:45 in the Memorial
Church.
The rumor that shaving too young
makes a tough beard in later years
is denied by scientists.
A concert, to be given by the San
Francisco Cantoria, and a capeila
choir of 37 voices, directed by Rev
erend Jean Ribeyon, of St. Mary's,
will be the next program scheduled
in the Tuesday Evening Series, on
October 24, at 7:45 in the Memorial
Church.
The rumor that shaving too young
makes a tough beard in later years
is denied by scientists.
A concert, to be given by the San
Francisco Cantoria, and a capeila
choir of 37 voices, directed by Rev
erend Jean Ribeyon, of St. Mary's,
will be the next program scheduled
in the Tuesday Evening Series, on
October 24, at 7:45 in the Memorial
Church.
The rumor that shaving too young
makes a tough beard in later years
is denied by scientists.
A concert, to be given by the San
Francisco Cantoria, and a capeila
choir of 37 voices, directed by Rev
erend Jean Ribeyon, of St. Mary's,
will be the next program scheduled
in the Tuesday Evening Series, on
October 24, at 7:45 in the Memorial
Church.
The rumor that shaving too young
makes a tough beard in later years
is denied by scientists.
A concert, to be given by the San
Francisco Cantoria, and a capeila
choir of 37 voices, directed by Rev
erend Jean Ribeyon, of St. Mary's,
will be the next program scheduled
in the Tuesday Evening Series, on
October 24, at 7:45 in the Memorial
Church.
The rumor that shaving too young
makes a tough beard in later years
is denied by scientists.
A concert, to be given by the San
Francisco Cantoria, and a capeila
choir of 37 voices, directed by Rev
erend Jean Ribeyon, of St. Mary's,
will be the next program scheduled
in the Tuesday Evening Series, on
October 24, at 7:45 in the Memorial
Church.
The rumor that shaving too young
makes a tough beard in later years
is denied by scientists.
A concert, to be given by the San
Francisco Cantoria, and a capeila
choir of 37 voices, directed by Rev
erend Jean Ribeyon, of St. Mary's,
will be the next program scheduled
in the Tuesday Evening Series, on
October 24, at 7:45 in the Memorial
Church.
The rumor that shaving too young
makes a tough beard in later years
is denied by scientists.
A concert, to be given by the San
Francisco Cantoria, and a capeila
choir of 37 voices, directed by Rev
erend Jean Ribeyon, of St. Mary's,
will be the next program scheduled
in the Tuesday Evening Series, on
October 24, at 7:45 in the Memorial
Church.
The rumor that shaving too young
makes a tough beard in later years
is denied by scientists.
A concert, to be given by the San
Francisco Cantoria, and a capeila
choir of 37 voices, directed by Rev
erend Jean Ribeyon, of St. Mary's,
will be the next program scheduled
in the Tuesday Evening Series, on
October 24, at 7:45 in the Memorial
Church.
The rumor that shaving too young
makes a tough beard in later years
is denied by scientists.
A concert, to be given by the San
Francisco Cantoria, and a capeila
choir of 37 voices, directed by Rev
erend Jean Ribeyon, of St. Mary's,
will be the next program scheduled
in the Tuesday Evening Series, on
October 24, at 7:45 in the Memorial
Church.
The rumor that shaving too young
makes a tough beard in later years
is denied by scientists.
A concert, to be given by the San
Francisco Cantoria, and a capeila
choir of 37 voices, directed by Rev
erend Jean Ribeyon, of St. Mary's,
will be the next program scheduled
in the Tuesday Evening Series, on
October 24, at 7:45 in the Memorial
Church.
The rumor that shaving too young
makes a tough beard in later years
is denied by scientists.
A concert, to be given by the San
Francisco Cantoria, and a capeila
choir of 37 voices, directed by Rev
erend Jean Ribeyon, of St. Mary's,
will be the next program scheduled
in the Tuesday Evening Series, on
October 24, at 7:45 in the Memorial
Church.
The rumor that shaving too young
makes a tough beard in later years
is denied by scientists.
A concert, to be given by the San
Francisco Cantoria, and a capeila
choir of 37 voices, directed by Rev
erend Jean Ribeyon, of St. Mary's,
will be the next program scheduled
in the Tuesday Evening Series, on
October 24, at 7:45 in the Memorial
Church.
The rumor that shaving too young
makes a tough beard in later years
is denied by scientists.
A concert, to be given by the San
Francisco Cantoria, and a capeila
choir of 37 voices, directed by Rev
erend Jean Ribeyon, of St. Mary's,
will be the next program scheduled
in the Tuesday Evening Series, on
October 24, at 7:45 in the Memorial
Church.
The rumor that shaving too young
makes a tough beard in later years
is denied by scientists.
A concert, to be given by the San
Francisco Cantoria, and a capeila
choir of 37 voices, directed by Rev
erend Jean Ribeyon, of St. Mary's,
will be the next program scheduled
in the Tuesday Evening Series, on
October 24, at 7:45 in the Memorial
Church.
The rumor that shaving too young
makes a tough beard in later years
is denied by scientists.
