# Nimble Footed
## 
### 

One of the Pacific Northwest's
fleetest halfbacks is Ollie Arbel
bide of the Cougars. (Associated
Press Photo)

One of the Pacific Northwest's
fleetest halfbacks is Ollie Arbel
bide of the Cougars. (Associated
Press Photo)

One of the Pacific Northwest's
fleetest halfbacks is Ollie Arbel
bide of the Cougars. (Associated
Press Photo)

One of the Pacific Northwest's
fleetest halfbacks is Ollie Arbel
bide of the Cougars. (Associated
Press Photo)

One of the Pacific Northwest's
fleetest halfbacks is Ollie Arbel
bide of the Cougars. (Associated
Press Photo)

One of the Pacific Northwest's
fleetest halfbacks is Ollie Arbel
bide of the Cougars. (Associated
Press Photo)

One of the Pacific Northwest's
fleetest halfbacks is Ollie Arbel
bide of the Cougars. (Associated
Press Photo)

One of the Pacific Northwest's
fleetest halfbacks is Ollie Arbel
bide of the Cougars. (Associated
Press Photo)

One of the Pacific Northwest's
fleetest halfbacks is Ollie Arbel
bide of the Cougars. (Associated
Press Photo)

One of the Pacific Northwest's
fleetest halfbacks is Ollie Arbel
bide of the Cougars. (Associated
Press Photo)

One of the Pacific Northwest's
fleetest halfbacks is Ollie Arbel
bide of the Cougars. (Associated
Press Photo)

One of the Pacific Northwest's
fleetest halfbacks is Ollie Arbel
bide of the Cougars. (Associated
Press Photo)

One of the Pacific Northwest's
fleetest halfbacks is Ollie Arbel
bide of the Cougars. (Associated
Press Photo)

One of the Pacific Northwest's
fleetest halfbacks is Ollie Arbel
bide of the Cougars. (Associated
Press Photo)

One of the Pacific Northwest's
fleetest halfbacks is Ollie Arbel
bide of the Cougars. (Associated
Press Photo)
