# WOMEN ADOPT CORDS
## 
### 
Cords arc no longer limited to the
men. Nowadays the women too are
wearing corduroy "smokers"—heavy
lounging outfits in blight colors.
Even on the street the girls are seen
in corduroy sport outfits—bags and
hats to match, too, in the ribbed
material.
Cords arc no longer limited to the
men. Nowadays the women too are
wearing corduroy "smokers"—heavy
lounging outfits in blight colors.
Even on the street the girls are seen
in corduroy sport outfits—bags and
hats to match, too, in the ribbed
material.
Cords arc no longer limited to the
men. Nowadays the women too are
wearing corduroy "smokers"—heavy
lounging outfits in blight colors.
Even on the street the girls are seen
in corduroy sport outfits—bags and
hats to match, too, in the ribbed
material.
Cords arc no longer limited to the
men. Nowadays the women too are
wearing corduroy "smokers"—heavy
lounging outfits in blight colors.
Even on the street the girls are seen
in corduroy sport outfits—bags and
hats to match, too, in the ribbed
material.
Cords arc no longer limited to the
men. Nowadays the women too are
wearing corduroy "smokers"—heavy
lounging outfits in blight colors.
Even on the street the girls are seen
in corduroy sport outfits—bags and
hats to match, too, in the ribbed
material.
Cords arc no longer limited to the
men. Nowadays the women too are
wearing corduroy "smokers"—heavy
lounging outfits in blight colors.
Even on the street the girls are seen
in corduroy sport outfits—bags and
hats to match, too, in the ribbed
material.
Cords arc no longer limited to the
men. Nowadays the women too are
wearing corduroy "smokers"—heavy
lounging outfits in blight colors.
Even on the street the girls are seen
in corduroy sport outfits—bags and
hats to match, too, in the ribbed
material.
Cords arc no longer limited to the
men. Nowadays the women too are
wearing corduroy "smokers"—heavy
lounging outfits in blight colors.
Even on the street the girls are seen
in corduroy sport outfits—bags and
hats to match, too, in the ribbed
material.
Cords arc no longer limited to the
men. Nowadays the women too are
wearing corduroy "smokers"—heavy
lounging outfits in blight colors.
Even on the street the girls are seen
in corduroy sport outfits—bags and
hats to match, too, in the ribbed
material.
Cords arc no longer limited to the
men. Nowadays the women too are
wearing corduroy "smokers"—heavy
lounging outfits in blight colors.
Even on the street the girls are seen
in corduroy sport outfits—bags and
hats to match, too, in the ribbed
material.
Cords arc no longer limited to the
men. Nowadays the women too are
wearing corduroy "smokers"—heavy
lounging outfits in blight colors.
Even on the street the girls are seen
in corduroy sport outfits—bags and
hats to match, too, in the ribbed
material.
Cords arc no longer limited to the
men. Nowadays the women too are
wearing corduroy "smokers"—heavy
lounging outfits in blight colors.
Even on the street the girls are seen
in corduroy sport outfits—bags and
hats to match, too, in the ribbed
material.
Cords arc no longer limited to the
men. Nowadays the women too are
wearing corduroy "smokers"—heavy
lounging outfits in blight colors.
Even on the street the girls are seen
in corduroy sport outfits—bags and
hats to match, too, in the ribbed
material.
Cords arc no longer limited to the
men. Nowadays the women too are
wearing corduroy "smokers"—heavy
lounging outfits in blight colors.
Even on the street the girls are seen
in corduroy sport outfits—bags and
hats to match, too, in the ribbed
material.
Cords arc no longer limited to the
men. Nowadays the women too are
wearing corduroy "smokers"—heavy
lounging outfits in blight colors.
Even on the street the girls are seen
in corduroy sport outfits—bags and
hats to match, too, in the ribbed
material.
