# Mass Meeting Set for Tomorrow
## 
### 
Candidates for the five members-at
large in the University Conference
will be nominated tomorrow at a
meeting of all men in the university
having over fifty hours of credit. The
meeting has been set for 1:10 in the
Chapel. Anyone having the above
amount of credit may nominate a can
didate or lie himself a nominee. Five
positions upon the Conference are
open, but an unlimited number of can
didates may be nominated at the mept
'.ig tomorrow.
Candidates for the five members-at
large in the University Conference
will be nominated tomorrow at a
meeting of all men in the university
having over fifty hours of credit. The
meeting has been set for 1:10 in the
Chapel. Anyone having the above
amount of credit may nominate a can
didate or lie himself a nominee. Five
positions upon the Conference are
open, but an unlimited number of can
didates may be nominated at the mept
'.ig tomorrow.
Candidates for the five members-at
large in the University Conference
will be nominated tomorrow at a
meeting of all men in the university
having over fifty hours of credit. The
meeting has been set for 1:10 in the
Chapel. Anyone having the above
amount of credit may nominate a can
didate or lie himself a nominee. Five
positions upon the Conference are
open, but an unlimited number of can
didates may be nominated at the mept
'.ig tomorrow.
Candidates for the five members-at
large in the University Conference
will be nominated tomorrow at a
meeting of all men in the university
having over fifty hours of credit. The
meeting has been set for 1:10 in the
Chapel. Anyone having the above
amount of credit may nominate a can
didate or lie himself a nominee. Five
positions upon the Conference are
open, but an unlimited number of can
didates may be nominated at the mept
'.ig tomorrow.
Candidates for the five members-at
large in the University Conference
will be nominated tomorrow at a
meeting of all men in the university
having over fifty hours of credit. The
meeting has been set for 1:10 in the
Chapel. Anyone having the above
amount of credit may nominate a can
didate or lie himself a nominee. Five
positions upon the Conference are
open, but an unlimited number of can
didates may be nominated at the mept
'.ig tomorrow.
Candidates for the five members-at
large in the University Conference
will be nominated tomorrow at a
meeting of all men in the university
having over fifty hours of credit. The
meeting has been set for 1:10 in the
Chapel. Anyone having the above
amount of credit may nominate a can
didate or lie himself a nominee. Five
positions upon the Conference are
open, but an unlimited number of can
didates may be nominated at the mept
'.ig tomorrow.
Candidates for the five members-at
large in the University Conference
will be nominated tomorrow at a
meeting of all men in the university
having over fifty hours of credit. The
meeting has been set for 1:10 in the
Chapel. Anyone having the above
amount of credit may nominate a can
didate or lie himself a nominee. Five
positions upon the Conference are
open, but an unlimited number of can
didates may be nominated at the mept
'.ig tomorrow.
Candidates for the five members-at
large in the University Conference
will be nominated tomorrow at a
meeting of all men in the university
having over fifty hours of credit. The
meeting has been set for 1:10 in the
Chapel. Anyone having the above
amount of credit may nominate a can
didate or lie himself a nominee. Five
positions upon the Conference are
open, but an unlimited number of can
didates may be nominated at the mept
'.ig tomorrow.
Candidates for the five members-at
large in the University Conference
will be nominated tomorrow at a
meeting of all men in the university
having over fifty hours of credit. The
meeting has been set for 1:10 in the
Chapel. Anyone having the above
amount of credit may nominate a can
didate or lie himself a nominee. Five
positions upon the Conference are
open, but an unlimited number of can
didates may be nominated at the mept
'.ig tomorrow.
Candidates for the five members-at
large in the University Conference
will be nominated tomorrow at a
meeting of all men in the university
having over fifty hours of credit. The
meeting has been set for 1:10 in the
Chapel. Anyone having the above
amount of credit may nominate a can
didate or lie himself a nominee. Five
positions upon the Conference are
open, but an unlimited number of can
didates may be nominated at the mept
'.ig tomorrow.
Candidates for the five members-at
large in the University Conference
will be nominated tomorrow at a
meeting of all men in the university
having over fifty hours of credit. The
meeting has been set for 1:10 in the
Chapel. Anyone having the above
amount of credit may nominate a can
didate or lie himself a nominee. Five
positions upon the Conference are
open, but an unlimited number of can
didates may be nominated at the mept
'.ig tomorrow.
Candidates for the five members-at
large in the University Conference
will be nominated tomorrow at a
meeting of all men in the university
having over fifty hours of credit. The
meeting has been set for 1:10 in the
Chapel. Anyone having the above
amount of credit may nominate a can
didate or lie himself a nominee. Five
positions upon the Conference are
open, but an unlimited number of can
didates may be nominated at the mept
'.ig tomorrow.
Candidates for the five members-at
large in the University Conference
will be nominated tomorrow at a
meeting of all men in the university
having over fifty hours of credit. The
meeting has been set for 1:10 in the
Chapel. Anyone having the above
amount of credit may nominate a can
didate or lie himself a nominee. Five
positions upon the Conference are
open, but an unlimited number of can
didates may be nominated at the mept
'.ig tomorrow.
