# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Rea Maynard, '94, is manager of the
General Pipe Line Co. of California
and chief engineer of the General Pe
troleum Co.
Rea Maynard, '94, is manager of the
General Pipe Line Co. of California
and chief engineer of the General Pe
troleum Co.
Rea Maynard, '94, is manager of the
General Pipe Line Co. of California
and chief engineer of the General Pe
troleum Co.
Rea Maynard, '94, is manager of the
General Pipe Line Co. of California
and chief engineer of the General Pe
troleum Co.
Rea Maynard, '94, is manager of the
General Pipe Line Co. of California
and chief engineer of the General Pe
troleum Co.
Rea Maynard, '94, is manager of the
General Pipe Line Co. of California
and chief engineer of the General Pe
troleum Co.
Rea Maynard, '94, is manager of the
General Pipe Line Co. of California
and chief engineer of the General Pe
troleum Co.
Rea Maynard, '94, is manager of the
General Pipe Line Co. of California
and chief engineer of the General Pe
troleum Co.
Rea Maynard, '94, is manager of the
General Pipe Line Co. of California
and chief engineer of the General Pe
troleum Co.
Rea Maynard, '94, is manager of the
General Pipe Line Co. of California
and chief engineer of the General Pe
troleum Co.
Rea Maynard, '94, is manager of the
General Pipe Line Co. of California
and chief engineer of the General Pe
troleum Co.
Rea Maynard, '94, is manager of the
General Pipe Line Co. of California
and chief engineer of the General Pe
troleum Co.
Rea Maynard, '94, is manager of the
General Pipe Line Co. of California
and chief engineer of the General Pe
troleum Co.
