# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A.H. Meyer, '10, is visiting the cam
pus. He is to be employed as re
search chemist with the Los Angeles
Oil company.
A.H. Meyer, '10, is visiting the cam
pus. He is to be employed as re
search chemist with the Los Angeles
Oil company.
A.H. Meyer, '10, is visiting the cam
pus. He is to be employed as re
search chemist with the Los Angeles
Oil company.
A.H. Meyer, '10, is visiting the cam
pus. He is to be employed as re
search chemist with the Los Angeles
Oil company.
A.H. Meyer, '10, is visiting the cam
pus. He is to be employed as re
search chemist with the Los Angeles
Oil company.
A.H. Meyer, '10, is visiting the cam
pus. He is to be employed as re
search chemist with the Los Angeles
Oil company.
A.H. Meyer, '10, is visiting the cam
pus. He is to be employed as re
search chemist with the Los Angeles
Oil company.
A.H. Meyer, '10, is visiting the cam
pus. He is to be employed as re
search chemist with the Los Angeles
Oil company.
A.H. Meyer, '10, is visiting the cam
pus. He is to be employed as re
search chemist with the Los Angeles
Oil company.
A.H. Meyer, '10, is visiting the cam
pus. He is to be employed as re
search chemist with the Los Angeles
Oil company.
A.H. Meyer, '10, is visiting the cam
pus. He is to be employed as re
search chemist with the Los Angeles
Oil company.
A.H. Meyer, '10, is visiting the cam
pus. He is to be employed as re
search chemist with the Los Angeles
Oil company.
A.H. Meyer, '10, is visiting the cam
pus. He is to be employed as re
search chemist with the Los Angeles
Oil company.
