# ACT Given Ford Grant Season Opens Tuesday
## 
### 
(AP) â€” A $300,000 Ford Foun
dation grant has been awarded
to the American Conservatory
Theater, newly established at a
yeararound resident repertory
company in San Francisco.
William Ball, ACT's general
director, announced the grant
Tuesday. He said $300,000 in
matching community support
would be required.
He reported that the Califor-

nia Theater Foundation, ACT's
sponsor, has pledged to raise
$400,000.
ACT opens a 40-week season
Oct. 31 with a new production
of "Twelfth Night" directed by
Ball.
The Ford Foundation pro
vided a $245,000 grant to ACT
last January when the company
established headquarters in San
Francisco with a 22-week sea
son.
