# Klahoya Names New Officers
## 
### 
Marianna Olmsteacl was clected
president of Klahoya, women's or
ganization for all off-campus wom
en, at the luncheon meeting yester
day.
Donna Weiler will fill the position
of vice-president; Mary McDevitt,
treasurer; and Carolyn Kurz, sec
retary. Each of these officers will
serve in her position for one year.
Outgoing president Audrey Ja
cobs thanked her fellow officers,
Carol Boettcher and Gloria Heitz,
for their fine co-operation through
out the year. The Klahoya pins
which were ordered last quarter
were passed out at the meeting.
Marianna Olmsteacl was clected
president of Klahoya, women's or
ganization for all off-campus wom
en, at the luncheon meeting yester
day.
Donna Weiler will fill the position
of vice-president; Mary McDevitt,
treasurer; and Carolyn Kurz, sec
retary. Each of these officers will
serve in her position for one year.
Outgoing president Audrey Ja
cobs thanked her fellow officers,
Carol Boettcher and Gloria Heitz,
for their fine co-operation through
out the year. The Klahoya pins
which were ordered last quarter
were passed out at the meeting.
Marianna Olmsteacl was clected
president of Klahoya, women's or
ganization for all off-campus wom
en, at the luncheon meeting yester
day.
Donna Weiler will fill the position
of vice-president; Mary McDevitt,
treasurer; and Carolyn Kurz, sec
retary. Each of these officers will
serve in her position for one year.
Outgoing president Audrey Ja
cobs thanked her fellow officers,
Carol Boettcher and Gloria Heitz,
for their fine co-operation through
out the year. The Klahoya pins
which were ordered last quarter
were passed out at the meeting.
Marianna Olmsteacl was clected
president of Klahoya, women's or
ganization for all off-campus wom
en, at the luncheon meeting yester
day.
Donna Weiler will fill the position
of vice-president; Mary McDevitt,
treasurer; and Carolyn Kurz, sec
retary. Each of these officers will
serve in her position for one year.
Outgoing president Audrey Ja
cobs thanked her fellow officers,
Carol Boettcher and Gloria Heitz,
for their fine co-operation through
out the year. The Klahoya pins
which were ordered last quarter
were passed out at the meeting.
Marianna Olmsteacl was clected
president of Klahoya, women's or
ganization for all off-campus wom
en, at the luncheon meeting yester
day.
Donna Weiler will fill the position
of vice-president; Mary McDevitt,
treasurer; and Carolyn Kurz, sec
retary. Each of these officers will
serve in her position for one year.
Outgoing president Audrey Ja
cobs thanked her fellow officers,
Carol Boettcher and Gloria Heitz,
for their fine co-operation through
out the year. The Klahoya pins
which were ordered last quarter
were passed out at the meeting.
Marianna Olmsteacl was clected
president of Klahoya, women's or
ganization for all off-campus wom
en, at the luncheon meeting yester
day.
Donna Weiler will fill the position
of vice-president; Mary McDevitt,
treasurer; and Carolyn Kurz, sec
retary. Each of these officers will
serve in her position for one year.
Outgoing president Audrey Ja
cobs thanked her fellow officers,
Carol Boettcher and Gloria Heitz,
for their fine co-operation through
out the year. The Klahoya pins
which were ordered last quarter
were passed out at the meeting.
Marianna Olmsteacl was clected
president of Klahoya, women's or
ganization for all off-campus wom
en, at the luncheon meeting yester
day.
Donna Weiler will fill the position
of vice-president; Mary McDevitt,
treasurer; and Carolyn Kurz, sec
retary. Each of these officers will
serve in her position for one year.
Outgoing president Audrey Ja
cobs thanked her fellow officers,
Carol Boettcher and Gloria Heitz,
for their fine co-operation through
out the year. The Klahoya pins
which were ordered last quarter
were passed out at the meeting.
Marianna Olmsteacl was clected
president of Klahoya, women's or
ganization for all off-campus wom
en, at the luncheon meeting yester
day.
Donna Weiler will fill the position
of vice-president; Mary McDevitt,
treasurer; and Carolyn Kurz, sec
retary. Each of these officers will
serve in her position for one year.
Outgoing president Audrey Ja
cobs thanked her fellow officers,
Carol Boettcher and Gloria Heitz,
for their fine co-operation through
out the year. The Klahoya pins
which were ordered last quarter
were passed out at the meeting.
Marianna Olmsteacl was clected
president of Klahoya, women's or
ganization for all off-campus wom
en, at the luncheon meeting yester
day.
Donna Weiler will fill the position
of vice-president; Mary McDevitt,
treasurer; and Carolyn Kurz, sec
retary. Each of these officers will
serve in her position for one year.
Outgoing president Audrey Ja
cobs thanked her fellow officers,
Carol Boettcher and Gloria Heitz,
for their fine co-operation through
out the year. The Klahoya pins
which were ordered last quarter
were passed out at the meeting.
Marianna Olmsteacl was clected
president of Klahoya, women's or
ganization for all off-campus wom
en, at the luncheon meeting yester
day.
Donna Weiler will fill the position
of vice-president; Mary McDevitt,
treasurer; and Carolyn Kurz, sec
retary. Each of these officers will
serve in her position for one year.
Outgoing president Audrey Ja
cobs thanked her fellow officers,
Carol Boettcher and Gloria Heitz,
for their fine co-operation through
out the year. The Klahoya pins
which were ordered last quarter
were passed out at the meeting.
Marianna Olmsteacl was clected
president of Klahoya, women's or
ganization for all off-campus wom
en, at the luncheon meeting yester
day.
Donna Weiler will fill the position
of vice-president; Mary McDevitt,
treasurer; and Carolyn Kurz, sec
retary. Each of these officers will
serve in her position for one year.
Outgoing president Audrey Ja
cobs thanked her fellow officers,
Carol Boettcher and Gloria Heitz,
for their fine co-operation through
out the year. The Klahoya pins
which were ordered last quarter
were passed out at the meeting.
Marianna Olmsteacl was clected
president of Klahoya, women's or
ganization for all off-campus wom
en, at the luncheon meeting yester
day.
Donna Weiler will fill the position
of vice-president; Mary McDevitt,
treasurer; and Carolyn Kurz, sec
retary. Each of these officers will
serve in her position for one year.
Outgoing president Audrey Ja
cobs thanked her fellow officers,
Carol Boettcher and Gloria Heitz,
for their fine co-operation through
out the year. The Klahoya pins
which were ordered last quarter
were passed out at the meeting.
Marianna Olmsteacl was clected
president of Klahoya, women's or
ganization for all off-campus wom
en, at the luncheon meeting yester
day.
Donna Weiler will fill the position
of vice-president; Mary McDevitt,
treasurer; and Carolyn Kurz, sec
retary. Each of these officers will
serve in her position for one year.
Outgoing president Audrey Ja
cobs thanked her fellow officers,
Carol Boettcher and Gloria Heitz,
for their fine co-operation through
out the year. The Klahoya pins
which were ordered last quarter
were passed out at the meeting.
Marianna Olmsteacl was clected
president of Klahoya, women's or
ganization for all off-campus wom
en, at the luncheon meeting yester
day.
Donna Weiler will fill the position
of vice-president; Mary McDevitt,
treasurer; and Carolyn Kurz, sec
retary. Each of these officers will
serve in her position for one year.
Outgoing president Audrey Ja
cobs thanked her fellow officers,
Carol Boettcher and Gloria Heitz,
for their fine co-operation through
out the year. The Klahoya pins
which were ordered last quarter
were passed out at the meeting.
Marianna Olmsteacl was clected
president of Klahoya, women's or
ganization for all off-campus wom
en, at the luncheon meeting yester
day.
Donna Weiler will fill the position
of vice-president; Mary McDevitt,
treasurer; and Carolyn Kurz, sec
retary. Each of these officers will
serve in her position for one year.
Outgoing president Audrey Ja
cobs thanked her fellow officers,
Carol Boettcher and Gloria Heitz,
for their fine co-operation through
out the year. The Klahoya pins
which were ordered last quarter
were passed out at the meeting.
