# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Nebraska will be the only state in
the union to have a museum on its
fair grounds when work is com
pleted on a $9,000 structure this
spring.
Nebraska will be the only state in
the union to have a museum on its
fair grounds when work is com
pleted on a $9,000 structure this
spring.
Nebraska will be the only state in
the union to have a museum on its
fair grounds when work is com
pleted on a $9,000 structure this
spring.
Nebraska will be the only state in
the union to have a museum on its
fair grounds when work is com
pleted on a $9,000 structure this
spring.
Nebraska will be the only state in
the union to have a museum on its
fair grounds when work is com
pleted on a $9,000 structure this
spring.
Nebraska will be the only state in
the union to have a museum on its
fair grounds when work is com
pleted on a $9,000 structure this
spring.
Nebraska will be the only state in
the union to have a museum on its
fair grounds when work is com
pleted on a $9,000 structure this
spring.
Nebraska will be the only state in
the union to have a museum on its
fair grounds when work is com
pleted on a $9,000 structure this
spring.
Nebraska will be the only state in
the union to have a museum on its
fair grounds when work is com
pleted on a $9,000 structure this
spring.
Nebraska will be the only state in
the union to have a museum on its
fair grounds when work is com
pleted on a $9,000 structure this
spring.
Nebraska will be the only state in
the union to have a museum on its
fair grounds when work is com
pleted on a $9,000 structure this
spring.
Nebraska will be the only state in
the union to have a museum on its
fair grounds when work is com
pleted on a $9,000 structure this
spring.
Nebraska will be the only state in
the union to have a museum on its
fair grounds when work is com
pleted on a $9,000 structure this
spring.
Nebraska will be the only state in
the union to have a museum on its
fair grounds when work is com
pleted on a $9,000 structure this
spring.
Nebraska will be the only state in
the union to have a museum on its
fair grounds when work is com
pleted on a $9,000 structure this
spring.
