# KZSU 90.1 FM
## 
### 
6:45 p.m. — "Cable TV in
Palo Alto" is the subject of
tonight's Perspective,
guaranteed to tell you where
it is and where it's going.
6:45 p.m. — "Cable TV in
Palo Alto" is the subject of
tonight's Perspective,
guaranteed to tell you where
it is and where it's going.
6:45 p.m. — "Cable TV in
Palo Alto" is the subject of
tonight's Perspective,
guaranteed to tell you where
it is and where it's going.
6:45 p.m. — "Cable TV in
Palo Alto" is the subject of
tonight's Perspective,
guaranteed to tell you where
it is and where it's going.
6:45 p.m. — "Cable TV in
Palo Alto" is the subject of
tonight's Perspective,
guaranteed to tell you where
it is and where it's going.
6:45 p.m. — "Cable TV in
Palo Alto" is the subject of
tonight's Perspective,
guaranteed to tell you where
it is and where it's going.
6:45 p.m. — "Cable TV in
Palo Alto" is the subject of
tonight's Perspective,
guaranteed to tell you where
it is and where it's going.
6:45 p.m. — "Cable TV in
Palo Alto" is the subject of
tonight's Perspective,
guaranteed to tell you where
it is and where it's going.
6:45 p.m. — "Cable TV in
Palo Alto" is the subject of
tonight's Perspective,
guaranteed to tell you where
it is and where it's going.
6:45 p.m. — "Cable TV in
Palo Alto" is the subject of
tonight's Perspective,
guaranteed to tell you where
it is and where it's going.
6:45 p.m. — "Cable TV in
Palo Alto" is the subject of
tonight's Perspective,
guaranteed to tell you where
it is and where it's going.
6:45 p.m. — "Cable TV in
Palo Alto" is the subject of
tonight's Perspective,
guaranteed to tell you where
it is and where it's going.
6:45 p.m. — "Cable TV in
Palo Alto" is the subject of
tonight's Perspective,
guaranteed to tell you where
it is and where it's going.
6:45 p.m. — "Cable TV in
Palo Alto" is the subject of
tonight's Perspective,
guaranteed to tell you where
it is and where it's going.
6:45 p.m. — "Cable TV in
Palo Alto" is the subject of
tonight's Perspective,
guaranteed to tell you where
it is and where it's going.
