# BAISE WINS
## Netmen Fall, 6-3 
### 
Despite wins in singles and
doubles by Craig Baise, the Cali
fornia Bears toppled Stanford's
tennis team 6-3 in a match yes
terday on the Cards' courts.
Baise won the sixth singles
match from Cal's Jan Kucera,
6-1, 6-1, and teamed with Jaime
Carroll to take second doubles,
6-4, 6-4. But Stanford's top two
players, Jim Beste and Brian
Leek, dropped their singles
matches in straight sets and
were also beaten in doubles by
the same two Bears, Darley and
Canzin.
The other Stanford point came
when John McPhearson, play
ing fourth singlees, beat Cal's
Ron Batchelder, 5-7, 6-2, 6-4.
Cards' Coach Bob Renker com
mented, "It was a close match
and could have gone either
way." Two of the Cal victories
took three sets.


JIM BESTE
Despite wins in singles and
doubles by Craig Baise, the Cali
fornia Bears toppled Stanford's
tennis team 6-3 in a match yes
terday on the Cards' courts.
Baise won the sixth singles
match from Cal's Jan Kucera,
6-1, 6-1, and teamed with Jaime
Carroll to take second doubles,
6-4, 6-4. But Stanford's top two
players, Jim Beste and Brian
Leek, dropped their singles
matches in straight sets and
were also beaten in doubles by
the same two Bears, Darley and
Canzin.
The other Stanford point came
when John McPhearson, play
ing fourth singlees, beat Cal's
Ron Batchelder, 5-7, 6-2, 6-4.
Cards' Coach Bob Renker com
mented, "It was a close match
and could have gone either
way." Two of the Cal victories
took three sets.


JIM BESTE
Despite wins in singles and
doubles by Craig Baise, the Cali
fornia Bears toppled Stanford's
tennis team 6-3 in a match yes
terday on the Cards' courts.
Baise won the sixth singles
match from Cal's Jan Kucera,
6-1, 6-1, and teamed with Jaime
Carroll to take second doubles,
6-4, 6-4. But Stanford's top two
players, Jim Beste and Brian
Leek, dropped their singles
matches in straight sets and
were also beaten in doubles by
the same two Bears, Darley and
Canzin.
The other Stanford point came
when John McPhearson, play
ing fourth singlees, beat Cal's
Ron Batchelder, 5-7, 6-2, 6-4.
Cards' Coach Bob Renker com
mented, "It was a close match
and could have gone either
way." Two of the Cal victories
took three sets.


JIM BESTE
Despite wins in singles and
doubles by Craig Baise, the Cali
fornia Bears toppled Stanford's
tennis team 6-3 in a match yes
terday on the Cards' courts.
Baise won the sixth singles
match from Cal's Jan Kucera,
6-1, 6-1, and teamed with Jaime
Carroll to take second doubles,
6-4, 6-4. But Stanford's top two
players, Jim Beste and Brian
Leek, dropped their singles
matches in straight sets and
were also beaten in doubles by
the same two Bears, Darley and
Canzin.
The other Stanford point came
when John McPhearson, play
ing fourth singlees, beat Cal's
Ron Batchelder, 5-7, 6-2, 6-4.
Cards' Coach Bob Renker com
mented, "It was a close match
and could have gone either
way." Two of the Cal victories
took three sets.


JIM BESTE
Despite wins in singles and
doubles by Craig Baise, the Cali
fornia Bears toppled Stanford's
tennis team 6-3 in a match yes
terday on the Cards' courts.
Baise won the sixth singles
match from Cal's Jan Kucera,
6-1, 6-1, and teamed with Jaime
Carroll to take second doubles,
6-4, 6-4. But Stanford's top two
players, Jim Beste and Brian
Leek, dropped their singles
matches in straight sets and
were also beaten in doubles by
the same two Bears, Darley and
Canzin.
The other Stanford point came
when John McPhearson, play
ing fourth singlees, beat Cal's
Ron Batchelder, 5-7, 6-2, 6-4.
Cards' Coach Bob Renker com
mented, "It was a close match
and could have gone either
way." Two of the Cal victories
took three sets.


JIM BESTE
Despite wins in singles and
doubles by Craig Baise, the Cali
fornia Bears toppled Stanford's
tennis team 6-3 in a match yes
terday on the Cards' courts.
Baise won the sixth singles
match from Cal's Jan Kucera,
6-1, 6-1, and teamed with Jaime
Carroll to take second doubles,
6-4, 6-4. But Stanford's top two
players, Jim Beste and Brian
Leek, dropped their singles
matches in straight sets and
were also beaten in doubles by
the same two Bears, Darley and
Canzin.
The other Stanford point came
when John McPhearson, play
ing fourth singlees, beat Cal's
Ron Batchelder, 5-7, 6-2, 6-4.
Cards' Coach Bob Renker com
mented, "It was a close match
and could have gone either
way." Two of the Cal victories
took three sets.


JIM BESTE
Despite wins in singles and
doubles by Craig Baise, the Cali
fornia Bears toppled Stanford's
tennis team 6-3 in a match yes
terday on the Cards' courts.
Baise won the sixth singles
match from Cal's Jan Kucera,
6-1, 6-1, and teamed with Jaime
Carroll to take second doubles,
6-4, 6-4. But Stanford's top two
players, Jim Beste and Brian
Leek, dropped their singles
matches in straight sets and
were also beaten in doubles by
the same two Bears, Darley and
Canzin.
The other Stanford point came
when John McPhearson, play
ing fourth singlees, beat Cal's
Ron Batchelder, 5-7, 6-2, 6-4.
Cards' Coach Bob Renker com
mented, "It was a close match
and could have gone either
way." Two of the Cal victories
took three sets.


JIM BESTE
Despite wins in singles and
doubles by Craig Baise, the Cali
fornia Bears toppled Stanford's
tennis team 6-3 in a match yes
terday on the Cards' courts.
Baise won the sixth singles
match from Cal's Jan Kucera,
6-1, 6-1, and teamed with Jaime
Carroll to take second doubles,
6-4, 6-4. But Stanford's top two
players, Jim Beste and Brian
Leek, dropped their singles
matches in straight sets and
were also beaten in doubles by
the same two Bears, Darley and
Canzin.
The other Stanford point came
when John McPhearson, play
ing fourth singlees, beat Cal's
Ron Batchelder, 5-7, 6-2, 6-4.
Cards' Coach Bob Renker com
mented, "It was a close match
and could have gone either
way." Two of the Cal victories
took three sets.


JIM BESTE
Despite wins in singles and
doubles by Craig Baise, the Cali
fornia Bears toppled Stanford's
tennis team 6-3 in a match yes
terday on the Cards' courts.
Baise won the sixth singles
match from Cal's Jan Kucera,
6-1, 6-1, and teamed with Jaime
Carroll to take second doubles,
6-4, 6-4. But Stanford's top two
players, Jim Beste and Brian
Leek, dropped their singles
matches in straight sets and
were also beaten in doubles by
the same two Bears, Darley and
Canzin.
The other Stanford point came
when John McPhearson, play
ing fourth singlees, beat Cal's
Ron Batchelder, 5-7, 6-2, 6-4.
Cards' Coach Bob Renker com
mented, "It was a close match
and could have gone either
way." Two of the Cal victories
took three sets.


JIM BESTE
Despite wins in singles and
doubles by Craig Baise, the Cali
fornia Bears toppled Stanford's
tennis team 6-3 in a match yes
terday on the Cards' courts.
Baise won the sixth singles
match from Cal's Jan Kucera,
6-1, 6-1, and teamed with Jaime
Carroll to take second doubles,
6-4, 6-4. But Stanford's top two
players, Jim Beste and Brian
Leek, dropped their singles
matches in straight sets and
were also beaten in doubles by
the same two Bears, Darley and
Canzin.
The other Stanford point came
when John McPhearson, play
ing fourth singlees, beat Cal's
Ron Batchelder, 5-7, 6-2, 6-4.
Cards' Coach Bob Renker com
mented, "It was a close match
and could have gone either
way." Two of the Cal victories
took three sets.


JIM BESTE
Despite wins in singles and
doubles by Craig Baise, the Cali
fornia Bears toppled Stanford's
tennis team 6-3 in a match yes
terday on the Cards' courts.
Baise won the sixth singles
match from Cal's Jan Kucera,
6-1, 6-1, and teamed with Jaime
Carroll to take second doubles,
6-4, 6-4. But Stanford's top two
players, Jim Beste and Brian
Leek, dropped their singles
matches in straight sets and
were also beaten in doubles by
the same two Bears, Darley and
Canzin.
The other Stanford point came
when John McPhearson, play
ing fourth singlees, beat Cal's
Ron Batchelder, 5-7, 6-2, 6-4.
Cards' Coach Bob Renker com
mented, "It was a close match
and could have gone either
way." Two of the Cal victories
took three sets.


JIM BESTE
Despite wins in singles and
doubles by Craig Baise, the Cali
fornia Bears toppled Stanford's
tennis team 6-3 in a match yes
terday on the Cards' courts.
Baise won the sixth singles
match from Cal's Jan Kucera,
6-1, 6-1, and teamed with Jaime
Carroll to take second doubles,
6-4, 6-4. But Stanford's top two
players, Jim Beste and Brian
Leek, dropped their singles
matches in straight sets and
were also beaten in doubles by
the same two Bears, Darley and
Canzin.
The other Stanford point came
when John McPhearson, play
ing fourth singlees, beat Cal's
Ron Batchelder, 5-7, 6-2, 6-4.
Cards' Coach Bob Renker com
mented, "It was a close match
and could have gone either
way." Two of the Cal victories
took three sets.


JIM BESTE
Despite wins in singles and
doubles by Craig Baise, the Cali
fornia Bears toppled Stanford's
tennis team 6-3 in a match yes
terday on the Cards' courts.
Baise won the sixth singles
match from Cal's Jan Kucera,
6-1, 6-1, and teamed with Jaime
Carroll to take second doubles,
6-4, 6-4. But Stanford's top two
players, Jim Beste and Brian
Leek, dropped their singles
matches in straight sets and
were also beaten in doubles by
the same two Bears, Darley and
Canzin.
The other Stanford point came
when John McPhearson, play
ing fourth singlees, beat Cal's
Ron Batchelder, 5-7, 6-2, 6-4.
Cards' Coach Bob Renker com
mented, "It was a close match
and could have gone either
way." Two of the Cal victories
took three sets.


JIM BESTE
Despite wins in singles and
doubles by Craig Baise, the Cali
fornia Bears toppled Stanford's
tennis team 6-3 in a match yes
terday on the Cards' courts.
Baise won the sixth singles
match from Cal's Jan Kucera,
6-1, 6-1, and teamed with Jaime
Carroll to take second doubles,
6-4, 6-4. But Stanford's top two
players, Jim Beste and Brian
Leek, dropped their singles
matches in straight sets and
were also beaten in doubles by
the same two Bears, Darley and
Canzin.
The other Stanford point came
when John McPhearson, play
ing fourth singlees, beat Cal's
Ron Batchelder, 5-7, 6-2, 6-4.
Cards' Coach Bob Renker com
mented, "It was a close match
and could have gone either
way." Two of the Cal victories
took three sets.


JIM BESTE
Despite wins in singles and
doubles by Craig Baise, the Cali
fornia Bears toppled Stanford's
tennis team 6-3 in a match yes
terday on the Cards' courts.
Baise won the sixth singles
match from Cal's Jan Kucera,
6-1, 6-1, and teamed with Jaime
Carroll to take second doubles,
6-4, 6-4. But Stanford's top two
players, Jim Beste and Brian
Leek, dropped their singles
matches in straight sets and
were also beaten in doubles by
the same two Bears, Darley and
Canzin.
The other Stanford point came
when John McPhearson, play
ing fourth singlees, beat Cal's
Ron Batchelder, 5-7, 6-2, 6-4.
Cards' Coach Bob Renker com
mented, "It was a close match
and could have gone either
way." Two of the Cal victories
took three sets.


JIM BESTE
