# Adv. 38 Page 9
## 
### 
Eiman, I think we both know that
neither of us meant what we said
last night, and you know you mean
the world to me. I love you.
-Your PV honey
Eiman, I think we both know that
neither of us meant what we said
last night, and you know you mean
the world to me. I love you.
-Your PV honey
Eiman, I think we both know that
neither of us meant what we said
last night, and you know you mean
the world to me. I love you.
-Your PV honey
Eiman, I think we both know that
neither of us meant what we said
last night, and you know you mean
the world to me. I love you.
-Your PV honey
Eiman, I think we both know that
neither of us meant what we said
last night, and you know you mean
the world to me. I love you.
-Your PV honey
Eiman, I think we both know that
neither of us meant what we said
last night, and you know you mean
the world to me. I love you.
-Your PV honey
Eiman, I think we both know that
neither of us meant what we said
last night, and you know you mean
the world to me. I love you.
-Your PV honey
