# ASSU May Drop Dead Accounts
## 
### 
A resolution will be introduced
at Legislature Thursday to en
able the ASSU to close inactive
accounts in the Students Organ
ization Fund.

Organizations with inactive ac
counts are: Coffee Club, Delta
Phi Epsilon, Delta Theta Phi,
NAACP, Newman Club, The
Oaks, Phi Alpha Theta, Phi Beta,
Phi Delta Phi. Phi Phi. Psi Chi,
Stanford A Cappella Choir, Stan
ford Investment Club, Stanford
Western Society, Toyon Improve
ment, and Toyon Summer Club.
People interested in these ac
counts should come to the ASSU
office before the next Legisla
ture meeting.
A resolution will be introduced
at Legislature Thursday to en
able the ASSU to close inactive
accounts in the Students Organ
ization Fund.

Organizations with inactive ac
counts are: Coffee Club, Delta
Phi Epsilon, Delta Theta Phi,
NAACP, Newman Club, The
Oaks, Phi Alpha Theta, Phi Beta,
Phi Delta Phi. Phi Phi. Psi Chi,
Stanford A Cappella Choir, Stan
ford Investment Club, Stanford
Western Society, Toyon Improve
ment, and Toyon Summer Club.
People interested in these ac
counts should come to the ASSU
office before the next Legisla
ture meeting.
A resolution will be introduced
at Legislature Thursday to en
able the ASSU to close inactive
accounts in the Students Organ
ization Fund.

Organizations with inactive ac
counts are: Coffee Club, Delta
Phi Epsilon, Delta Theta Phi,
NAACP, Newman Club, The
Oaks, Phi Alpha Theta, Phi Beta,
Phi Delta Phi. Phi Phi. Psi Chi,
Stanford A Cappella Choir, Stan
ford Investment Club, Stanford
Western Society, Toyon Improve
ment, and Toyon Summer Club.
People interested in these ac
counts should come to the ASSU
office before the next Legisla
ture meeting.
A resolution will be introduced
at Legislature Thursday to en
able the ASSU to close inactive
accounts in the Students Organ
ization Fund.

Organizations with inactive ac
counts are: Coffee Club, Delta
Phi Epsilon, Delta Theta Phi,
NAACP, Newman Club, The
Oaks, Phi Alpha Theta, Phi Beta,
Phi Delta Phi. Phi Phi. Psi Chi,
Stanford A Cappella Choir, Stan
ford Investment Club, Stanford
Western Society, Toyon Improve
ment, and Toyon Summer Club.
People interested in these ac
counts should come to the ASSU
office before the next Legisla
ture meeting.
A resolution will be introduced
at Legislature Thursday to en
able the ASSU to close inactive
accounts in the Students Organ
ization Fund.

Organizations with inactive ac
counts are: Coffee Club, Delta
Phi Epsilon, Delta Theta Phi,
NAACP, Newman Club, The
Oaks, Phi Alpha Theta, Phi Beta,
Phi Delta Phi. Phi Phi. Psi Chi,
Stanford A Cappella Choir, Stan
ford Investment Club, Stanford
Western Society, Toyon Improve
ment, and Toyon Summer Club.
People interested in these ac
counts should come to the ASSU
office before the next Legisla
ture meeting.
A resolution will be introduced
at Legislature Thursday to en
able the ASSU to close inactive
accounts in the Students Organ
ization Fund.

Organizations with inactive ac
counts are: Coffee Club, Delta
Phi Epsilon, Delta Theta Phi,
NAACP, Newman Club, The
Oaks, Phi Alpha Theta, Phi Beta,
Phi Delta Phi. Phi Phi. Psi Chi,
Stanford A Cappella Choir, Stan
ford Investment Club, Stanford
Western Society, Toyon Improve
ment, and Toyon Summer Club.
People interested in these ac
counts should come to the ASSU
office before the next Legisla
ture meeting.
A resolution will be introduced
at Legislature Thursday to en
able the ASSU to close inactive
accounts in the Students Organ
ization Fund.

Organizations with inactive ac
counts are: Coffee Club, Delta
Phi Epsilon, Delta Theta Phi,
NAACP, Newman Club, The
Oaks, Phi Alpha Theta, Phi Beta,
Phi Delta Phi. Phi Phi. Psi Chi,
Stanford A Cappella Choir, Stan
ford Investment Club, Stanford
Western Society, Toyon Improve
ment, and Toyon Summer Club.
People interested in these ac
counts should come to the ASSU
office before the next Legisla
ture meeting.
A resolution will be introduced
at Legislature Thursday to en
able the ASSU to close inactive
accounts in the Students Organ
ization Fund.

Organizations with inactive ac
counts are: Coffee Club, Delta
Phi Epsilon, Delta Theta Phi,
NAACP, Newman Club, The
Oaks, Phi Alpha Theta, Phi Beta,
Phi Delta Phi. Phi Phi. Psi Chi,
Stanford A Cappella Choir, Stan
ford Investment Club, Stanford
Western Society, Toyon Improve
ment, and Toyon Summer Club.
People interested in these ac
counts should come to the ASSU
office before the next Legisla
ture meeting.
A resolution will be introduced
at Legislature Thursday to en
able the ASSU to close inactive
accounts in the Students Organ
ization Fund.

Organizations with inactive ac
counts are: Coffee Club, Delta
Phi Epsilon, Delta Theta Phi,
NAACP, Newman Club, The
Oaks, Phi Alpha Theta, Phi Beta,
Phi Delta Phi. Phi Phi. Psi Chi,
Stanford A Cappella Choir, Stan
ford Investment Club, Stanford
Western Society, Toyon Improve
ment, and Toyon Summer Club.
People interested in these ac
counts should come to the ASSU
office before the next Legisla
ture meeting.
A resolution will be introduced
at Legislature Thursday to en
able the ASSU to close inactive
accounts in the Students Organ
ization Fund.

Organizations with inactive ac
counts are: Coffee Club, Delta
Phi Epsilon, Delta Theta Phi,
NAACP, Newman Club, The
Oaks, Phi Alpha Theta, Phi Beta,
Phi Delta Phi. Phi Phi. Psi Chi,
Stanford A Cappella Choir, Stan
ford Investment Club, Stanford
Western Society, Toyon Improve
ment, and Toyon Summer Club.
People interested in these ac
counts should come to the ASSU
office before the next Legisla
ture meeting.
A resolution will be introduced
at Legislature Thursday to en
able the ASSU to close inactive
accounts in the Students Organ
ization Fund.

Organizations with inactive ac
counts are: Coffee Club, Delta
Phi Epsilon, Delta Theta Phi,
NAACP, Newman Club, The
Oaks, Phi Alpha Theta, Phi Beta,
Phi Delta Phi. Phi Phi. Psi Chi,
Stanford A Cappella Choir, Stan
ford Investment Club, Stanford
Western Society, Toyon Improve
ment, and Toyon Summer Club.
People interested in these ac
counts should come to the ASSU
office before the next Legisla
ture meeting.
A resolution will be introduced
at Legislature Thursday to en
able the ASSU to close inactive
accounts in the Students Organ
ization Fund.

Organizations with inactive ac
counts are: Coffee Club, Delta
Phi Epsilon, Delta Theta Phi,
NAACP, Newman Club, The
Oaks, Phi Alpha Theta, Phi Beta,
Phi Delta Phi. Phi Phi. Psi Chi,
Stanford A Cappella Choir, Stan
ford Investment Club, Stanford
Western Society, Toyon Improve
ment, and Toyon Summer Club.
People interested in these ac
counts should come to the ASSU
office before the next Legisla
ture meeting.
A resolution will be introduced
at Legislature Thursday to en
able the ASSU to close inactive
accounts in the Students Organ
ization Fund.

Organizations with inactive ac
counts are: Coffee Club, Delta
Phi Epsilon, Delta Theta Phi,
NAACP, Newman Club, The
Oaks, Phi Alpha Theta, Phi Beta,
Phi Delta Phi. Phi Phi. Psi Chi,
Stanford A Cappella Choir, Stan
ford Investment Club, Stanford
Western Society, Toyon Improve
ment, and Toyon Summer Club.
People interested in these ac
counts should come to the ASSU
office before the next Legisla
ture meeting.
A resolution will be introduced
at Legislature Thursday to en
able the ASSU to close inactive
accounts in the Students Organ
ization Fund.

Organizations with inactive ac
counts are: Coffee Club, Delta
Phi Epsilon, Delta Theta Phi,
NAACP, Newman Club, The
Oaks, Phi Alpha Theta, Phi Beta,
Phi Delta Phi. Phi Phi. Psi Chi,
Stanford A Cappella Choir, Stan
ford Investment Club, Stanford
Western Society, Toyon Improve
ment, and Toyon Summer Club.
People interested in these ac
counts should come to the ASSU
office before the next Legisla
ture meeting.
A resolution will be introduced
at Legislature Thursday to en
able the ASSU to close inactive
accounts in the Students Organ
ization Fund.

Organizations with inactive ac
counts are: Coffee Club, Delta
Phi Epsilon, Delta Theta Phi,
NAACP, Newman Club, The
Oaks, Phi Alpha Theta, Phi Beta,
Phi Delta Phi. Phi Phi. Psi Chi,
Stanford A Cappella Choir, Stan
ford Investment Club, Stanford
Western Society, Toyon Improve
ment, and Toyon Summer Club.
People interested in these ac
counts should come to the ASSU
office before the next Legisla
ture meeting.
A resolution will be introduced
at Legislature Thursday to en
able the ASSU to close inactive
accounts in the Students Organ
ization Fund.

Organizations with inactive ac
counts are: Coffee Club, Delta
Phi Epsilon, Delta Theta Phi,
NAACP, Newman Club, The
Oaks, Phi Alpha Theta, Phi Beta,
Phi Delta Phi. Phi Phi. Psi Chi,
Stanford A Cappella Choir, Stan
ford Investment Club, Stanford
Western Society, Toyon Improve
ment, and Toyon Summer Club.
People interested in these ac
counts should come to the ASSU
office before the next Legisla
ture meeting.
