# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
BE PREPARED
get a 3 speed
phonograph and you'll be
able to play any Record gen
erous relatives might send
you.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BE PREPARED
get a 3 speed
phonograph and you'll be
able to play any Record gen
erous relatives might send
you.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BE PREPARED
get a 3 speed
phonograph and you'll be
able to play any Record gen
erous relatives might send
you.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BE PREPARED
get a 3 speed
phonograph and you'll be
able to play any Record gen
erous relatives might send
you.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BE PREPARED
get a 3 speed
phonograph and you'll be
able to play any Record gen
erous relatives might send
you.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BE PREPARED
get a 3 speed
phonograph and you'll be
able to play any Record gen
erous relatives might send
you.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BE PREPARED
get a 3 speed
phonograph and you'll be
able to play any Record gen
erous relatives might send
you.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BE PREPARED
get a 3 speed
phonograph and you'll be
able to play any Record gen
erous relatives might send
you.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BE PREPARED
get a 3 speed
phonograph and you'll be
able to play any Record gen
erous relatives might send
you.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BE PREPARED
get a 3 speed
phonograph and you'll be
able to play any Record gen
erous relatives might send
you.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BE PREPARED
get a 3 speed
phonograph and you'll be
able to play any Record gen
erous relatives might send
you.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BE PREPARED
get a 3 speed
phonograph and you'll be
able to play any Record gen
erous relatives might send
you.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BE PREPARED
get a 3 speed
phonograph and you'll be
able to play any Record gen
erous relatives might send
you.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
BE PREPARED
get a 3 speed
phonograph and you'll be
able to play any Record gen
erous relatives might send
you.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
