# DANCE CLUB
## 
### 
First meeting of the Dance Club
will be held tonight at 7:30 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house. Rumba and fox trot will be
taught. All students are invited.
First meeting of the Dance Club
will be held tonight at 7:30 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house. Rumba and fox trot will be
taught. All students are invited.
First meeting of the Dance Club
will be held tonight at 7:30 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house. Rumba and fox trot will be
taught. All students are invited.
First meeting of the Dance Club
will be held tonight at 7:30 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house. Rumba and fox trot will be
taught. All students are invited.
First meeting of the Dance Club
will be held tonight at 7:30 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house. Rumba and fox trot will be
taught. All students are invited.
First meeting of the Dance Club
will be held tonight at 7:30 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house. Rumba and fox trot will be
taught. All students are invited.
First meeting of the Dance Club
will be held tonight at 7:30 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house. Rumba and fox trot will be
taught. All students are invited.
First meeting of the Dance Club
will be held tonight at 7:30 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house. Rumba and fox trot will be
taught. All students are invited.
First meeting of the Dance Club
will be held tonight at 7:30 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house. Rumba and fox trot will be
taught. All students are invited.
First meeting of the Dance Club
will be held tonight at 7:30 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house. Rumba and fox trot will be
taught. All students are invited.
First meeting of the Dance Club
will be held tonight at 7:30 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house. Rumba and fox trot will be
taught. All students are invited.
First meeting of the Dance Club
will be held tonight at 7:30 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house. Rumba and fox trot will be
taught. All students are invited.
First meeting of the Dance Club
will be held tonight at 7:30 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house. Rumba and fox trot will be
taught. All students are invited.
First meeting of the Dance Club
will be held tonight at 7:30 in the
auditorium of the Women's Club
house. Rumba and fox trot will be
taught. All students are invited.
