# EL TORO
## 
### 
El Toro eating club will meet at
6:45 tonight in the Toyon Char
treuse room.
El Toro eating club will meet at
6:45 tonight in the Toyon Char
treuse room.
El Toro eating club will meet at
6:45 tonight in the Toyon Char
treuse room.
El Toro eating club will meet at
6:45 tonight in the Toyon Char
treuse room.
El Toro eating club will meet at
6:45 tonight in the Toyon Char
treuse room.
El Toro eating club will meet at
6:45 tonight in the Toyon Char
treuse room.
El Toro eating club will meet at
6:45 tonight in the Toyon Char
treuse room.
El Toro eating club will meet at
6:45 tonight in the Toyon Char
treuse room.
El Toro eating club will meet at
6:45 tonight in the Toyon Char
treuse room.
El Toro eating club will meet at
6:45 tonight in the Toyon Char
treuse room.
El Toro eating club will meet at
6:45 tonight in the Toyon Char
treuse room.
El Toro eating club will meet at
6:45 tonight in the Toyon Char
treuse room.
El Toro eating club will meet at
6:45 tonight in the Toyon Char
treuse room.
El Toro eating club will meet at
6:45 tonight in the Toyon Char
treuse room.
