# THE 						WEATHER
## 
### 
BA\ llh(<|()\— Fair todav and
tomorrow. IJuic change in temper,
ature. Westerly winds 8-15 miles
per hour in afternoons. |, ow Wed
nesday morning, 47-53. Ili e |, Wed
nesday. Sa M Francisco 82. Oakland
' San Mateo 90.
BA\ llh(<|()\— Fair todav and
tomorrow. IJuic change in temper,
ature. Westerly winds 8-15 miles
per hour in afternoons. |, ow Wed
nesday morning, 47-53. Ili e |, Wed
nesday. Sa M Francisco 82. Oakland
' San Mateo 90.
BA\ llh(<|()\— Fair todav and
tomorrow. IJuic change in temper,
ature. Westerly winds 8-15 miles
per hour in afternoons. |, ow Wed
nesday morning, 47-53. Ili e |, Wed
nesday. Sa M Francisco 82. Oakland
' San Mateo 90.
BA\ llh(<|()\— Fair todav and
tomorrow. IJuic change in temper,
ature. Westerly winds 8-15 miles
per hour in afternoons. |, ow Wed
nesday morning, 47-53. Ili e |, Wed
nesday. Sa M Francisco 82. Oakland
' San Mateo 90.
BA\ llh(<|()\— Fair todav and
tomorrow. IJuic change in temper,
ature. Westerly winds 8-15 miles
per hour in afternoons. |, ow Wed
nesday morning, 47-53. Ili e |, Wed
nesday. Sa M Francisco 82. Oakland
' San Mateo 90.
BA\ llh(<|()\— Fair todav and
tomorrow. IJuic change in temper,
ature. Westerly winds 8-15 miles
per hour in afternoons. |, ow Wed
nesday morning, 47-53. Ili e |, Wed
nesday. Sa M Francisco 82. Oakland
' San Mateo 90.
BA\ llh(<|()\— Fair todav and
tomorrow. IJuic change in temper,
ature. Westerly winds 8-15 miles
per hour in afternoons. |, ow Wed
nesday morning, 47-53. Ili e |, Wed
nesday. Sa M Francisco 82. Oakland
' San Mateo 90.
BA\ llh(<|()\— Fair todav and
tomorrow. IJuic change in temper,
ature. Westerly winds 8-15 miles
per hour in afternoons. |, ow Wed
nesday morning, 47-53. Ili e |, Wed
nesday. Sa M Francisco 82. Oakland
' San Mateo 90.
BA\ llh(<|()\— Fair todav and
tomorrow. IJuic change in temper,
ature. Westerly winds 8-15 miles
per hour in afternoons. |, ow Wed
nesday morning, 47-53. Ili e |, Wed
nesday. Sa M Francisco 82. Oakland
' San Mateo 90.
BA\ llh(<|()\— Fair todav and
tomorrow. IJuic change in temper,
ature. Westerly winds 8-15 miles
per hour in afternoons. |, ow Wed
nesday morning, 47-53. Ili e |, Wed
nesday. Sa M Francisco 82. Oakland
' San Mateo 90.
BA\ llh(<|()\— Fair todav and
tomorrow. IJuic change in temper,
ature. Westerly winds 8-15 miles
per hour in afternoons. |, ow Wed
nesday morning, 47-53. Ili e |, Wed
nesday. Sa M Francisco 82. Oakland
' San Mateo 90.
BA\ llh(<|()\— Fair todav and
tomorrow. IJuic change in temper,
ature. Westerly winds 8-15 miles
per hour in afternoons. |, ow Wed
nesday morning, 47-53. Ili e |, Wed
nesday. Sa M Francisco 82. Oakland
' San Mateo 90.
BA\ llh(<|()\— Fair todav and
tomorrow. IJuic change in temper,
ature. Westerly winds 8-15 miles
per hour in afternoons. |, ow Wed
nesday morning, 47-53. Ili e |, Wed
nesday. Sa M Francisco 82. Oakland
' San Mateo 90.
BA\ llh(<|()\— Fair todav and
tomorrow. IJuic change in temper,
ature. Westerly winds 8-15 miles
per hour in afternoons. |, ow Wed
nesday morning, 47-53. Ili e |, Wed
nesday. Sa M Francisco 82. Oakland
' San Mateo 90.
