# Activity Tryouts
## WAA 
### 
Interviews for girls interested in
becoming freshman or graduate
representative on WAA will be held
through tomorrow. Sign-up sheets
are posted in the lobby of the
Women's Gym.
Interviews for girls interested in
becoming freshman or graduate
representative on WAA will be held
through tomorrow. Sign-up sheets
are posted in the lobby of the
Women's Gym.
Interviews for girls interested in
becoming freshman or graduate
representative on WAA will be held
through tomorrow. Sign-up sheets
are posted in the lobby of the
Women's Gym.
Interviews for girls interested in
becoming freshman or graduate
representative on WAA will be held
through tomorrow. Sign-up sheets
are posted in the lobby of the
Women's Gym.
Interviews for girls interested in
becoming freshman or graduate
representative on WAA will be held
through tomorrow. Sign-up sheets
are posted in the lobby of the
Women's Gym.
Interviews for girls interested in
becoming freshman or graduate
representative on WAA will be held
through tomorrow. Sign-up sheets
are posted in the lobby of the
Women's Gym.
Interviews for girls interested in
becoming freshman or graduate
representative on WAA will be held
through tomorrow. Sign-up sheets
are posted in the lobby of the
Women's Gym.
Interviews for girls interested in
becoming freshman or graduate
representative on WAA will be held
through tomorrow. Sign-up sheets
are posted in the lobby of the
Women's Gym.
Interviews for girls interested in
becoming freshman or graduate
representative on WAA will be held
through tomorrow. Sign-up sheets
are posted in the lobby of the
Women's Gym.
Interviews for girls interested in
becoming freshman or graduate
representative on WAA will be held
through tomorrow. Sign-up sheets
are posted in the lobby of the
Women's Gym.
Interviews for girls interested in
becoming freshman or graduate
representative on WAA will be held
through tomorrow. Sign-up sheets
are posted in the lobby of the
Women's Gym.
Interviews for girls interested in
becoming freshman or graduate
representative on WAA will be held
through tomorrow. Sign-up sheets
are posted in the lobby of the
Women's Gym.
Interviews for girls interested in
becoming freshman or graduate
representative on WAA will be held
through tomorrow. Sign-up sheets
are posted in the lobby of the
Women's Gym.
Interviews for girls interested in
becoming freshman or graduate
representative on WAA will be held
through tomorrow. Sign-up sheets
are posted in the lobby of the
Women's Gym.
