# Profs Support Atlantic Union
## 
### 
"The most important job for At
lantic Union proponents now is to
urge Congress to vote on the plan.
We must get the convention held,
and solve the problems there."
With these words, Dr. Gordon
Ferris, Stanford biologist, high
lighted a panel discussion of At
lantic Union Monday night in Palo
Alto before some 75 spectators.
Moderator of the discussion was
Stuart Ward, San Francisco Com
monwealth Club secretary. Other
members of the panel besides Dr.
Ferris were Dr. Karl Brandt, Stan
ford Food Research Institute econ
omist; and Almon Copley, former
Westinghouse Electric official.
The discussion covered the At- I
lantic Union Committee's proposal j
that the United States call the dem
ocratic nations in the Atlantic Pact
to a federal union planning conven
tion.
Speaker Brandt noted in the dis
cussion that "the most amazing
popularity has been given the idea
of union in Europe. There, Atlantic
Union has never been so strong as
it is now."
'"The plan,", continued Brandt,
"would provide freer economic in
tercourse and easier migration of
capital, thus advancing the entire
well-being of AU nations. This
would give the Europeans a better
opportunity to support themselves."
The meeting was sponsored by
the Atlantic Union Committee of
Stanford and Palo Alto, and was ar
ranged by Dr. Eliot Blackwcldcr,
emeritus professor of geology.
"The most important job for At
lantic Union proponents now is to
urge Congress to vote on the plan.
We must get the convention held,
and solve the problems there."
With these words, Dr. Gordon
Ferris, Stanford biologist, high
lighted a panel discussion of At
lantic Union Monday night in Palo
Alto before some 75 spectators.
Moderator of the discussion was
Stuart Ward, San Francisco Com
monwealth Club secretary. Other
members of the panel besides Dr.
Ferris were Dr. Karl Brandt, Stan
ford Food Research Institute econ
omist; and Almon Copley, former
Westinghouse Electric official.
The discussion covered the At- I
lantic Union Committee's proposal j
that the United States call the dem
ocratic nations in the Atlantic Pact
to a federal union planning conven
tion.
Speaker Brandt noted in the dis
cussion that "the most amazing
popularity has been given the idea
of union in Europe. There, Atlantic
Union has never been so strong as
it is now."
'"The plan,", continued Brandt,
"would provide freer economic in
tercourse and easier migration of
capital, thus advancing the entire
well-being of AU nations. This
would give the Europeans a better
opportunity to support themselves."
The meeting was sponsored by
the Atlantic Union Committee of
Stanford and Palo Alto, and was ar
ranged by Dr. Eliot Blackwcldcr,
emeritus professor of geology.
"The most important job for At
lantic Union proponents now is to
urge Congress to vote on the plan.
We must get the convention held,
and solve the problems there."
With these words, Dr. Gordon
Ferris, Stanford biologist, high
lighted a panel discussion of At
lantic Union Monday night in Palo
Alto before some 75 spectators.
Moderator of the discussion was
Stuart Ward, San Francisco Com
monwealth Club secretary. Other
members of the panel besides Dr.
Ferris were Dr. Karl Brandt, Stan
ford Food Research Institute econ
omist; and Almon Copley, former
Westinghouse Electric official.
The discussion covered the At- I
lantic Union Committee's proposal j
that the United States call the dem
ocratic nations in the Atlantic Pact
to a federal union planning conven
tion.
Speaker Brandt noted in the dis
cussion that "the most amazing
popularity has been given the idea
of union in Europe. There, Atlantic
Union has never been so strong as
it is now."
'"The plan,", continued Brandt,
"would provide freer economic in
tercourse and easier migration of
capital, thus advancing the entire
well-being of AU nations. This
would give the Europeans a better
opportunity to support themselves."
The meeting was sponsored by
the Atlantic Union Committee of
Stanford and Palo Alto, and was ar
ranged by Dr. Eliot Blackwcldcr,
emeritus professor of geology.
"The most important job for At
lantic Union proponents now is to
urge Congress to vote on the plan.
We must get the convention held,
and solve the problems there."
With these words, Dr. Gordon
Ferris, Stanford biologist, high
lighted a panel discussion of At
lantic Union Monday night in Palo
Alto before some 75 spectators.
Moderator of the discussion was
Stuart Ward, San Francisco Com
monwealth Club secretary. Other
members of the panel besides Dr.
Ferris were Dr. Karl Brandt, Stan
ford Food Research Institute econ
omist; and Almon Copley, former
Westinghouse Electric official.
The discussion covered the At- I
lantic Union Committee's proposal j
that the United States call the dem
ocratic nations in the Atlantic Pact
to a federal union planning conven
tion.
Speaker Brandt noted in the dis
cussion that "the most amazing
popularity has been given the idea
of union in Europe. There, Atlantic
Union has never been so strong as
it is now."
'"The plan,", continued Brandt,
"would provide freer economic in
tercourse and easier migration of
capital, thus advancing the entire
well-being of AU nations. This
would give the Europeans a better
opportunity to support themselves."
The meeting was sponsored by
the Atlantic Union Committee of
Stanford and Palo Alto, and was ar
ranged by Dr. Eliot Blackwcldcr,
emeritus professor of geology.
"The most important job for At
lantic Union proponents now is to
urge Congress to vote on the plan.
We must get the convention held,
and solve the problems there."
With these words, Dr. Gordon
Ferris, Stanford biologist, high
lighted a panel discussion of At
lantic Union Monday night in Palo
Alto before some 75 spectators.
Moderator of the discussion was
Stuart Ward, San Francisco Com
monwealth Club secretary. Other
members of the panel besides Dr.
Ferris were Dr. Karl Brandt, Stan
ford Food Research Institute econ
omist; and Almon Copley, former
Westinghouse Electric official.
The discussion covered the At- I
lantic Union Committee's proposal j
that the United States call the dem
ocratic nations in the Atlantic Pact
to a federal union planning conven
tion.
Speaker Brandt noted in the dis
cussion that "the most amazing
popularity has been given the idea
of union in Europe. There, Atlantic
Union has never been so strong as
it is now."
'"The plan,", continued Brandt,
"would provide freer economic in
tercourse and easier migration of
capital, thus advancing the entire
well-being of AU nations. This
would give the Europeans a better
opportunity to support themselves."
The meeting was sponsored by
the Atlantic Union Committee of
Stanford and Palo Alto, and was ar
ranged by Dr. Eliot Blackwcldcr,
emeritus professor of geology.
"The most important job for At
lantic Union proponents now is to
urge Congress to vote on the plan.
We must get the convention held,
and solve the problems there."
With these words, Dr. Gordon
Ferris, Stanford biologist, high
lighted a panel discussion of At
lantic Union Monday night in Palo
Alto before some 75 spectators.
Moderator of the discussion was
Stuart Ward, San Francisco Com
monwealth Club secretary. Other
members of the panel besides Dr.
Ferris were Dr. Karl Brandt, Stan
ford Food Research Institute econ
omist; and Almon Copley, former
Westinghouse Electric official.
The discussion covered the At- I
lantic Union Committee's proposal j
that the United States call the dem
ocratic nations in the Atlantic Pact
to a federal union planning conven
tion.
Speaker Brandt noted in the dis
cussion that "the most amazing
popularity has been given the idea
of union in Europe. There, Atlantic
Union has never been so strong as
it is now."
'"The plan,", continued Brandt,
"would provide freer economic in
tercourse and easier migration of
capital, thus advancing the entire
well-being of AU nations. This
would give the Europeans a better
opportunity to support themselves."
The meeting was sponsored by
the Atlantic Union Committee of
Stanford and Palo Alto, and was ar
ranged by Dr. Eliot Blackwcldcr,
emeritus professor of geology.
"The most important job for At
lantic Union proponents now is to
urge Congress to vote on the plan.
We must get the convention held,
and solve the problems there."
With these words, Dr. Gordon
Ferris, Stanford biologist, high
lighted a panel discussion of At
lantic Union Monday night in Palo
Alto before some 75 spectators.
Moderator of the discussion was
Stuart Ward, San Francisco Com
monwealth Club secretary. Other
members of the panel besides Dr.
Ferris were Dr. Karl Brandt, Stan
ford Food Research Institute econ
omist; and Almon Copley, former
Westinghouse Electric official.
The discussion covered the At- I
lantic Union Committee's proposal j
that the United States call the dem
ocratic nations in the Atlantic Pact
to a federal union planning conven
tion.
Speaker Brandt noted in the dis
cussion that "the most amazing
popularity has been given the idea
of union in Europe. There, Atlantic
Union has never been so strong as
it is now."
'"The plan,", continued Brandt,
"would provide freer economic in
tercourse and easier migration of
capital, thus advancing the entire
well-being of AU nations. This
would give the Europeans a better
opportunity to support themselves."
The meeting was sponsored by
the Atlantic Union Committee of
Stanford and Palo Alto, and was ar
ranged by Dr. Eliot Blackwcldcr,
emeritus professor of geology.
"The most important job for At
lantic Union proponents now is to
urge Congress to vote on the plan.
We must get the convention held,
and solve the problems there."
With these words, Dr. Gordon
Ferris, Stanford biologist, high
lighted a panel discussion of At
lantic Union Monday night in Palo
Alto before some 75 spectators.
Moderator of the discussion was
Stuart Ward, San Francisco Com
monwealth Club secretary. Other
members of the panel besides Dr.
Ferris were Dr. Karl Brandt, Stan
ford Food Research Institute econ
omist; and Almon Copley, former
Westinghouse Electric official.
The discussion covered the At- I
lantic Union Committee's proposal j
that the United States call the dem
ocratic nations in the Atlantic Pact
to a federal union planning conven
tion.
Speaker Brandt noted in the dis
cussion that "the most amazing
popularity has been given the idea
of union in Europe. There, Atlantic
Union has never been so strong as
it is now."
'"The plan,", continued Brandt,
"would provide freer economic in
tercourse and easier migration of
capital, thus advancing the entire
well-being of AU nations. This
would give the Europeans a better
opportunity to support themselves."
The meeting was sponsored by
the Atlantic Union Committee of
Stanford and Palo Alto, and was ar
ranged by Dr. Eliot Blackwcldcr,
emeritus professor of geology.
"The most important job for At
lantic Union proponents now is to
urge Congress to vote on the plan.
We must get the convention held,
and solve the problems there."
With these words, Dr. Gordon
Ferris, Stanford biologist, high
lighted a panel discussion of At
lantic Union Monday night in Palo
Alto before some 75 spectators.
Moderator of the discussion was
Stuart Ward, San Francisco Com
monwealth Club secretary. Other
members of the panel besides Dr.
Ferris were Dr. Karl Brandt, Stan
ford Food Research Institute econ
omist; and Almon Copley, former
Westinghouse Electric official.
The discussion covered the At- I
lantic Union Committee's proposal j
that the United States call the dem
ocratic nations in the Atlantic Pact
to a federal union planning conven
tion.
Speaker Brandt noted in the dis
cussion that "the most amazing
popularity has been given the idea
of union in Europe. There, Atlantic
Union has never been so strong as
it is now."
'"The plan,", continued Brandt,
"would provide freer economic in
tercourse and easier migration of
capital, thus advancing the entire
well-being of AU nations. This
would give the Europeans a better
opportunity to support themselves."
The meeting was sponsored by
the Atlantic Union Committee of
Stanford and Palo Alto, and was ar
ranged by Dr. Eliot Blackwcldcr,
emeritus professor of geology.
"The most important job for At
lantic Union proponents now is to
urge Congress to vote on the plan.
We must get the convention held,
and solve the problems there."
With these words, Dr. Gordon
Ferris, Stanford biologist, high
lighted a panel discussion of At
lantic Union Monday night in Palo
Alto before some 75 spectators.
Moderator of the discussion was
Stuart Ward, San Francisco Com
monwealth Club secretary. Other
members of the panel besides Dr.
Ferris were Dr. Karl Brandt, Stan
ford Food Research Institute econ
omist; and Almon Copley, former
Westinghouse Electric official.
The discussion covered the At- I
lantic Union Committee's proposal j
that the United States call the dem
ocratic nations in the Atlantic Pact
to a federal union planning conven
tion.
Speaker Brandt noted in the dis
cussion that "the most amazing
popularity has been given the idea
of union in Europe. There, Atlantic
Union has never been so strong as
it is now."
'"The plan,", continued Brandt,
"would provide freer economic in
tercourse and easier migration of
capital, thus advancing the entire
well-being of AU nations. This
would give the Europeans a better
opportunity to support themselves."
The meeting was sponsored by
the Atlantic Union Committee of
Stanford and Palo Alto, and was ar
ranged by Dr. Eliot Blackwcldcr,
emeritus professor of geology.
"The most important job for At
lantic Union proponents now is to
urge Congress to vote on the plan.
We must get the convention held,
and solve the problems there."
With these words, Dr. Gordon
Ferris, Stanford biologist, high
lighted a panel discussion of At
lantic Union Monday night in Palo
Alto before some 75 spectators.
Moderator of the discussion was
Stuart Ward, San Francisco Com
monwealth Club secretary. Other
members of the panel besides Dr.
Ferris were Dr. Karl Brandt, Stan
ford Food Research Institute econ
omist; and Almon Copley, former
Westinghouse Electric official.
The discussion covered the At- I
lantic Union Committee's proposal j
that the United States call the dem
ocratic nations in the Atlantic Pact
to a federal union planning conven
tion.
Speaker Brandt noted in the dis
cussion that "the most amazing
popularity has been given the idea
of union in Europe. There, Atlantic
Union has never been so strong as
it is now."
'"The plan,", continued Brandt,
"would provide freer economic in
tercourse and easier migration of
capital, thus advancing the entire
well-being of AU nations. This
would give the Europeans a better
opportunity to support themselves."
The meeting was sponsored by
the Atlantic Union Committee of
Stanford and Palo Alto, and was ar
ranged by Dr. Eliot Blackwcldcr,
emeritus professor of geology.
"The most important job for At
lantic Union proponents now is to
urge Congress to vote on the plan.
We must get the convention held,
and solve the problems there."
With these words, Dr. Gordon
Ferris, Stanford biologist, high
lighted a panel discussion of At
lantic Union Monday night in Palo
Alto before some 75 spectators.
Moderator of the discussion was
Stuart Ward, San Francisco Com
monwealth Club secretary. Other
members of the panel besides Dr.
Ferris were Dr. Karl Brandt, Stan
ford Food Research Institute econ
omist; and Almon Copley, former
Westinghouse Electric official.
The discussion covered the At- I
lantic Union Committee's proposal j
that the United States call the dem
ocratic nations in the Atlantic Pact
to a federal union planning conven
tion.
Speaker Brandt noted in the dis
cussion that "the most amazing
popularity has been given the idea
of union in Europe. There, Atlantic
Union has never been so strong as
it is now."
'"The plan,", continued Brandt,
"would provide freer economic in
tercourse and easier migration of
capital, thus advancing the entire
well-being of AU nations. This
would give the Europeans a better
opportunity to support themselves."
The meeting was sponsored by
the Atlantic Union Committee of
Stanford and Palo Alto, and was ar
ranged by Dr. Eliot Blackwcldcr,
emeritus professor of geology.
"The most important job for At
lantic Union proponents now is to
urge Congress to vote on the plan.
We must get the convention held,
and solve the problems there."
With these words, Dr. Gordon
Ferris, Stanford biologist, high
lighted a panel discussion of At
lantic Union Monday night in Palo
Alto before some 75 spectators.
Moderator of the discussion was
Stuart Ward, San Francisco Com
monwealth Club secretary. Other
members of the panel besides Dr.
Ferris were Dr. Karl Brandt, Stan
ford Food Research Institute econ
omist; and Almon Copley, former
Westinghouse Electric official.
The discussion covered the At- I
lantic Union Committee's proposal j
that the United States call the dem
ocratic nations in the Atlantic Pact
to a federal union planning conven
tion.
Speaker Brandt noted in the dis
cussion that "the most amazing
popularity has been given the idea
of union in Europe. There, Atlantic
Union has never been so strong as
it is now."
'"The plan,", continued Brandt,
"would provide freer economic in
tercourse and easier migration of
capital, thus advancing the entire
well-being of AU nations. This
would give the Europeans a better
opportunity to support themselves."
The meeting was sponsored by
the Atlantic Union Committee of
Stanford and Palo Alto, and was ar
ranged by Dr. Eliot Blackwcldcr,
emeritus professor of geology.
"The most important job for At
lantic Union proponents now is to
urge Congress to vote on the plan.
We must get the convention held,
and solve the problems there."
With these words, Dr. Gordon
Ferris, Stanford biologist, high
lighted a panel discussion of At
lantic Union Monday night in Palo
Alto before some 75 spectators.
Moderator of the discussion was
Stuart Ward, San Francisco Com
monwealth Club secretary. Other
members of the panel besides Dr.
Ferris were Dr. Karl Brandt, Stan
ford Food Research Institute econ
omist; and Almon Copley, former
Westinghouse Electric official.
The discussion covered the At- I
lantic Union Committee's proposal j
that the United States call the dem
ocratic nations in the Atlantic Pact
to a federal union planning conven
tion.
Speaker Brandt noted in the dis
cussion that "the most amazing
popularity has been given the idea
of union in Europe. There, Atlantic
Union has never been so strong as
it is now."
'"The plan,", continued Brandt,
"would provide freer economic in
tercourse and easier migration of
capital, thus advancing the entire
well-being of AU nations. This
would give the Europeans a better
opportunity to support themselves."
The meeting was sponsored by
the Atlantic Union Committee of
Stanford and Palo Alto, and was ar
ranged by Dr. Eliot Blackwcldcr,
emeritus professor of geology.
