# Sterling Lauds Mineral Science School
## 
### 
"Stanford's School of Mineral
Sciences is considered one of the
three or four best in the country
and, with more suppc t, could be
the top in its field," Dr. Wallace
Sterling told the Journal Club of

the School of Mineral Sciences
Monday afternoon.
Dr. Sterling said that he has ap
proached alumni and graduates of
the school and has received a great
deal of response from them con
cerning the school.

"I have full assurance that the
projects submitted a year ago will
come about in the School of Min
eral Sciences," he said. "It is a
school that has generated much
momentum, and a large section of
energy should be expended to back
strength with strength."
Dr. Sterling also commented on
loyalty policies in universities.
"The persistent sea; eh for truth
as precisely as it can be obtained
is one of the functions of universi
ties," he said.
"Members of the Communist par
ty have already forsworn that ob
jectivity that teachers in universi
ties must have. Teachers must be
investigated before they are hired,
but once they are on the faculty,
the burden of proof is on the uni
versity."
