# HAPPY BIRTHDAY
## 
### 
The students of Stanford ,\yish
Mrs. Wallace Sterling a happy
birthday today.
The students of Stanford ,\yish
Mrs. Wallace Sterling a happy
birthday today.
The students of Stanford ,\yish
Mrs. Wallace Sterling a happy
birthday today.
The students of Stanford ,\yish
Mrs. Wallace Sterling a happy
birthday today.
The students of Stanford ,\yish
Mrs. Wallace Sterling a happy
birthday today.
The students of Stanford ,\yish
Mrs. Wallace Sterling a happy
birthday today.
The students of Stanford ,\yish
Mrs. Wallace Sterling a happy
birthday today.
The students of Stanford ,\yish
Mrs. Wallace Sterling a happy
birthday today.
The students of Stanford ,\yish
Mrs. Wallace Sterling a happy
birthday today.
The students of Stanford ,\yish
Mrs. Wallace Sterling a happy
birthday today.
The students of Stanford ,\yish
Mrs. Wallace Sterling a happy
birthday today.
The students of Stanford ,\yish
Mrs. Wallace Sterling a happy
birthday today.
The students of Stanford ,\yish
Mrs. Wallace Sterling a happy
birthday today.
The students of Stanford ,\yish
Mrs. Wallace Sterling a happy
birthday today.
