# DESERET CLUB
## 
### 
The LDS Deseret Club will meet
today at 4:30 in the Women's Club
house, top floor.
The LDS Deseret Club will meet
today at 4:30 in the Women's Club
house, top floor.
The LDS Deseret Club will meet
today at 4:30 in the Women's Club
house, top floor.
The LDS Deseret Club will meet
today at 4:30 in the Women's Club
house, top floor.
The LDS Deseret Club will meet
today at 4:30 in the Women's Club
house, top floor.
The LDS Deseret Club will meet
today at 4:30 in the Women's Club
house, top floor.
The LDS Deseret Club will meet
today at 4:30 in the Women's Club
house, top floor.
The LDS Deseret Club will meet
today at 4:30 in the Women's Club
house, top floor.
The LDS Deseret Club will meet
today at 4:30 in the Women's Club
house, top floor.
The LDS Deseret Club will meet
today at 4:30 in the Women's Club
house, top floor.
The LDS Deseret Club will meet
today at 4:30 in the Women's Club
house, top floor.
The LDS Deseret Club will meet
today at 4:30 in the Women's Club
house, top floor.
The LDS Deseret Club will meet
today at 4:30 in the Women's Club
house, top floor.
The LDS Deseret Club will meet
today at 4:30 in the Women's Club
house, top floor.
