# Miss Inez Marks To Tell Y. W. C. A. of Experiences
## 
### 
Miss Inez Marks will describe her ex
periences in West China at the V. W. j
C. A. meeting Thursday afternoon at 5 j
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse. She
spent five years in the interior, over a
thousand miles from any railroad. Her
district included 150 cities, and the only

means of traveling were boats and jin
rikshaws. As she and another woman
were the only foreigners in this large
district, they had many varied expe
riences acting as doctors, missionaries,
teachers, and nurses to the natives.
Miss Marks spoke at the Palo Alto
Methodist church last Sunday morning.
The Stanford students who heard her
then, are enthusiastic in praising her.
Miss Inez Marks will describe her ex
periences in West China at the V. W. j
C. A. meeting Thursday afternoon at 5 j
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse. She
spent five years in the interior, over a
thousand miles from any railroad. Her
district included 150 cities, and the only

means of traveling were boats and jin
rikshaws. As she and another woman
were the only foreigners in this large
district, they had many varied expe
riences acting as doctors, missionaries,
teachers, and nurses to the natives.
Miss Marks spoke at the Palo Alto
Methodist church last Sunday morning.
The Stanford students who heard her
then, are enthusiastic in praising her.
Miss Inez Marks will describe her ex
periences in West China at the V. W. j
C. A. meeting Thursday afternoon at 5 j
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse. She
spent five years in the interior, over a
thousand miles from any railroad. Her
district included 150 cities, and the only

means of traveling were boats and jin
rikshaws. As she and another woman
were the only foreigners in this large
district, they had many varied expe
riences acting as doctors, missionaries,
teachers, and nurses to the natives.
Miss Marks spoke at the Palo Alto
Methodist church last Sunday morning.
The Stanford students who heard her
then, are enthusiastic in praising her.
Miss Inez Marks will describe her ex
periences in West China at the V. W. j
C. A. meeting Thursday afternoon at 5 j
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse. She
spent five years in the interior, over a
thousand miles from any railroad. Her
district included 150 cities, and the only

means of traveling were boats and jin
rikshaws. As she and another woman
were the only foreigners in this large
district, they had many varied expe
riences acting as doctors, missionaries,
teachers, and nurses to the natives.
Miss Marks spoke at the Palo Alto
Methodist church last Sunday morning.
The Stanford students who heard her
then, are enthusiastic in praising her.
Miss Inez Marks will describe her ex
periences in West China at the V. W. j
C. A. meeting Thursday afternoon at 5 j
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse. She
spent five years in the interior, over a
thousand miles from any railroad. Her
district included 150 cities, and the only

means of traveling were boats and jin
rikshaws. As she and another woman
were the only foreigners in this large
district, they had many varied expe
riences acting as doctors, missionaries,
teachers, and nurses to the natives.
Miss Marks spoke at the Palo Alto
Methodist church last Sunday morning.
The Stanford students who heard her
then, are enthusiastic in praising her.
Miss Inez Marks will describe her ex
periences in West China at the V. W. j
C. A. meeting Thursday afternoon at 5 j
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse. She
spent five years in the interior, over a
thousand miles from any railroad. Her
district included 150 cities, and the only

means of traveling were boats and jin
rikshaws. As she and another woman
were the only foreigners in this large
district, they had many varied expe
riences acting as doctors, missionaries,
teachers, and nurses to the natives.
Miss Marks spoke at the Palo Alto
Methodist church last Sunday morning.
The Stanford students who heard her
then, are enthusiastic in praising her.
Miss Inez Marks will describe her ex
periences in West China at the V. W. j
C. A. meeting Thursday afternoon at 5 j
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse. She
spent five years in the interior, over a
thousand miles from any railroad. Her
district included 150 cities, and the only

means of traveling were boats and jin
rikshaws. As she and another woman
were the only foreigners in this large
district, they had many varied expe
riences acting as doctors, missionaries,
teachers, and nurses to the natives.
Miss Marks spoke at the Palo Alto
Methodist church last Sunday morning.
The Stanford students who heard her
then, are enthusiastic in praising her.
Miss Inez Marks will describe her ex
periences in West China at the V. W. j
C. A. meeting Thursday afternoon at 5 j
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse. She
spent five years in the interior, over a
thousand miles from any railroad. Her
district included 150 cities, and the only

means of traveling were boats and jin
rikshaws. As she and another woman
were the only foreigners in this large
district, they had many varied expe
riences acting as doctors, missionaries,
teachers, and nurses to the natives.
Miss Marks spoke at the Palo Alto
Methodist church last Sunday morning.
The Stanford students who heard her
then, are enthusiastic in praising her.
Miss Inez Marks will describe her ex
periences in West China at the V. W. j
C. A. meeting Thursday afternoon at 5 j
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse. She
spent five years in the interior, over a
thousand miles from any railroad. Her
district included 150 cities, and the only

means of traveling were boats and jin
rikshaws. As she and another woman
were the only foreigners in this large
district, they had many varied expe
riences acting as doctors, missionaries,
teachers, and nurses to the natives.
Miss Marks spoke at the Palo Alto
Methodist church last Sunday morning.
The Stanford students who heard her
then, are enthusiastic in praising her.
Miss Inez Marks will describe her ex
periences in West China at the V. W. j
C. A. meeting Thursday afternoon at 5 j
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse. She
spent five years in the interior, over a
thousand miles from any railroad. Her
district included 150 cities, and the only

means of traveling were boats and jin
rikshaws. As she and another woman
were the only foreigners in this large
district, they had many varied expe
riences acting as doctors, missionaries,
teachers, and nurses to the natives.
Miss Marks spoke at the Palo Alto
Methodist church last Sunday morning.
The Stanford students who heard her
then, are enthusiastic in praising her.
Miss Inez Marks will describe her ex
periences in West China at the V. W. j
C. A. meeting Thursday afternoon at 5 j
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse. She
spent five years in the interior, over a
thousand miles from any railroad. Her
district included 150 cities, and the only

means of traveling were boats and jin
rikshaws. As she and another woman
were the only foreigners in this large
district, they had many varied expe
riences acting as doctors, missionaries,
teachers, and nurses to the natives.
Miss Marks spoke at the Palo Alto
Methodist church last Sunday morning.
The Stanford students who heard her
then, are enthusiastic in praising her.
Miss Inez Marks will describe her ex
periences in West China at the V. W. j
C. A. meeting Thursday afternoon at 5 j
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse. She
spent five years in the interior, over a
thousand miles from any railroad. Her
district included 150 cities, and the only

means of traveling were boats and jin
rikshaws. As she and another woman
were the only foreigners in this large
district, they had many varied expe
riences acting as doctors, missionaries,
teachers, and nurses to the natives.
Miss Marks spoke at the Palo Alto
Methodist church last Sunday morning.
The Stanford students who heard her
then, are enthusiastic in praising her.
Miss Inez Marks will describe her ex
periences in West China at the V. W. j
C. A. meeting Thursday afternoon at 5 j
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse. She
spent five years in the interior, over a
thousand miles from any railroad. Her
district included 150 cities, and the only

means of traveling were boats and jin
rikshaws. As she and another woman
were the only foreigners in this large
district, they had many varied expe
riences acting as doctors, missionaries,
teachers, and nurses to the natives.
Miss Marks spoke at the Palo Alto
Methodist church last Sunday morning.
The Stanford students who heard her
then, are enthusiastic in praising her.
Miss Inez Marks will describe her ex
periences in West China at the V. W. j
C. A. meeting Thursday afternoon at 5 j
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse. She
spent five years in the interior, over a
thousand miles from any railroad. Her
district included 150 cities, and the only

means of traveling were boats and jin
rikshaws. As she and another woman
were the only foreigners in this large
district, they had many varied expe
riences acting as doctors, missionaries,
teachers, and nurses to the natives.
Miss Marks spoke at the Palo Alto
Methodist church last Sunday morning.
The Stanford students who heard her
then, are enthusiastic in praising her.
