# Yamato Ichihashi Serves As Official Interpreter
## 
### 
Yamato Icliihashi, professor, of Japa
nese history and government, who has
been away all year on leave, i> now
serving in the capacity of official in
terpreter for the Japanese delegation at
the Disarmament Conference at Wash
ington, D. C. He is reported as being
highly successful, manifesting a ready
understanding of foreign languages no{
commonly found among the members
of his race.
Yamato Icliihashi, professor, of Japa
nese history and government, who has
been away all year on leave, i> now
serving in the capacity of official in
terpreter for the Japanese delegation at
the Disarmament Conference at Wash
ington, D. C. He is reported as being
highly successful, manifesting a ready
understanding of foreign languages no{
commonly found among the members
of his race.
Yamato Icliihashi, professor, of Japa
nese history and government, who has
been away all year on leave, i> now
serving in the capacity of official in
terpreter for the Japanese delegation at
the Disarmament Conference at Wash
ington, D. C. He is reported as being
highly successful, manifesting a ready
understanding of foreign languages no{
commonly found among the members
of his race.
Yamato Icliihashi, professor, of Japa
nese history and government, who has
been away all year on leave, i> now
serving in the capacity of official in
terpreter for the Japanese delegation at
the Disarmament Conference at Wash
ington, D. C. He is reported as being
highly successful, manifesting a ready
understanding of foreign languages no{
commonly found among the members
of his race.
Yamato Icliihashi, professor, of Japa
nese history and government, who has
been away all year on leave, i> now
serving in the capacity of official in
terpreter for the Japanese delegation at
the Disarmament Conference at Wash
ington, D. C. He is reported as being
highly successful, manifesting a ready
understanding of foreign languages no{
commonly found among the members
of his race.
Yamato Icliihashi, professor, of Japa
nese history and government, who has
been away all year on leave, i> now
serving in the capacity of official in
terpreter for the Japanese delegation at
the Disarmament Conference at Wash
ington, D. C. He is reported as being
highly successful, manifesting a ready
understanding of foreign languages no{
commonly found among the members
of his race.
Yamato Icliihashi, professor, of Japa
nese history and government, who has
been away all year on leave, i> now
serving in the capacity of official in
terpreter for the Japanese delegation at
the Disarmament Conference at Wash
ington, D. C. He is reported as being
highly successful, manifesting a ready
understanding of foreign languages no{
commonly found among the members
of his race.
Yamato Icliihashi, professor, of Japa
nese history and government, who has
been away all year on leave, i> now
serving in the capacity of official in
terpreter for the Japanese delegation at
the Disarmament Conference at Wash
ington, D. C. He is reported as being
highly successful, manifesting a ready
understanding of foreign languages no{
commonly found among the members
of his race.
Yamato Icliihashi, professor, of Japa
nese history and government, who has
been away all year on leave, i> now
serving in the capacity of official in
terpreter for the Japanese delegation at
the Disarmament Conference at Wash
ington, D. C. He is reported as being
highly successful, manifesting a ready
understanding of foreign languages no{
commonly found among the members
of his race.
Yamato Icliihashi, professor, of Japa
nese history and government, who has
been away all year on leave, i> now
serving in the capacity of official in
terpreter for the Japanese delegation at
the Disarmament Conference at Wash
ington, D. C. He is reported as being
highly successful, manifesting a ready
understanding of foreign languages no{
commonly found among the members
of his race.
Yamato Icliihashi, professor, of Japa
nese history and government, who has
been away all year on leave, i> now
serving in the capacity of official in
terpreter for the Japanese delegation at
the Disarmament Conference at Wash
ington, D. C. He is reported as being
highly successful, manifesting a ready
understanding of foreign languages no{
commonly found among the members
of his race.
Yamato Icliihashi, professor, of Japa
nese history and government, who has
been away all year on leave, i> now
serving in the capacity of official in
terpreter for the Japanese delegation at
the Disarmament Conference at Wash
ington, D. C. He is reported as being
highly successful, manifesting a ready
understanding of foreign languages no{
commonly found among the members
of his race.
Yamato Icliihashi, professor, of Japa
nese history and government, who has
been away all year on leave, i> now
serving in the capacity of official in
terpreter for the Japanese delegation at
the Disarmament Conference at Wash
ington, D. C. He is reported as being
highly successful, manifesting a ready
understanding of foreign languages no{
commonly found among the members
of his race.
Yamato Icliihashi, professor, of Japa
nese history and government, who has
been away all year on leave, i> now
serving in the capacity of official in
terpreter for the Japanese delegation at
the Disarmament Conference at Wash
ington, D. C. He is reported as being
highly successful, manifesting a ready
understanding of foreign languages no{
commonly found among the members
of his race.
