# Four New Scholarships Offered By Committee
## 
### 
The Committee on Scholarship an- j
nounces that four undergraduate schol
arships, from the Converge Scholarship
Fund, are available for the winter and
spring quarters of the present academic
year. These scholarships carry an an
nual stipend of $250. Candidates should
make their applications at once and tile
the.ni with Professor P. A. Martin, room
229. History Building.
The Committee on Scholarship an- j
nounces that four undergraduate schol
arships, from the Converge Scholarship
Fund, are available for the winter and
spring quarters of the present academic
year. These scholarships carry an an
nual stipend of $250. Candidates should
make their applications at once and tile
the.ni with Professor P. A. Martin, room
229. History Building.
The Committee on Scholarship an- j
nounces that four undergraduate schol
arships, from the Converge Scholarship
Fund, are available for the winter and
spring quarters of the present academic
year. These scholarships carry an an
nual stipend of $250. Candidates should
make their applications at once and tile
the.ni with Professor P. A. Martin, room
229. History Building.
The Committee on Scholarship an- j
nounces that four undergraduate schol
arships, from the Converge Scholarship
Fund, are available for the winter and
spring quarters of the present academic
year. These scholarships carry an an
nual stipend of $250. Candidates should
make their applications at once and tile
the.ni with Professor P. A. Martin, room
229. History Building.
The Committee on Scholarship an- j
nounces that four undergraduate schol
arships, from the Converge Scholarship
Fund, are available for the winter and
spring quarters of the present academic
year. These scholarships carry an an
nual stipend of $250. Candidates should
make their applications at once and tile
the.ni with Professor P. A. Martin, room
229. History Building.
The Committee on Scholarship an- j
nounces that four undergraduate schol
arships, from the Converge Scholarship
Fund, are available for the winter and
spring quarters of the present academic
year. These scholarships carry an an
nual stipend of $250. Candidates should
make their applications at once and tile
the.ni with Professor P. A. Martin, room
229. History Building.
The Committee on Scholarship an- j
nounces that four undergraduate schol
arships, from the Converge Scholarship
Fund, are available for the winter and
spring quarters of the present academic
year. These scholarships carry an an
nual stipend of $250. Candidates should
make their applications at once and tile
the.ni with Professor P. A. Martin, room
229. History Building.
The Committee on Scholarship an- j
nounces that four undergraduate schol
arships, from the Converge Scholarship
Fund, are available for the winter and
spring quarters of the present academic
year. These scholarships carry an an
nual stipend of $250. Candidates should
make their applications at once and tile
the.ni with Professor P. A. Martin, room
229. History Building.
The Committee on Scholarship an- j
nounces that four undergraduate schol
arships, from the Converge Scholarship
Fund, are available for the winter and
spring quarters of the present academic
year. These scholarships carry an an
nual stipend of $250. Candidates should
make their applications at once and tile
the.ni with Professor P. A. Martin, room
229. History Building.
The Committee on Scholarship an- j
nounces that four undergraduate schol
arships, from the Converge Scholarship
Fund, are available for the winter and
spring quarters of the present academic
year. These scholarships carry an an
nual stipend of $250. Candidates should
make their applications at once and tile
the.ni with Professor P. A. Martin, room
229. History Building.
The Committee on Scholarship an- j
nounces that four undergraduate schol
arships, from the Converge Scholarship
Fund, are available for the winter and
spring quarters of the present academic
year. These scholarships carry an an
nual stipend of $250. Candidates should
make their applications at once and tile
the.ni with Professor P. A. Martin, room
229. History Building.
The Committee on Scholarship an- j
nounces that four undergraduate schol
arships, from the Converge Scholarship
Fund, are available for the winter and
spring quarters of the present academic
year. These scholarships carry an an
nual stipend of $250. Candidates should
make their applications at once and tile
the.ni with Professor P. A. Martin, room
229. History Building.
The Committee on Scholarship an- j
nounces that four undergraduate schol
arships, from the Converge Scholarship
Fund, are available for the winter and
spring quarters of the present academic
year. These scholarships carry an an
nual stipend of $250. Candidates should
make their applications at once and tile
the.ni with Professor P. A. Martin, room
229. History Building.
The Committee on Scholarship an- j
nounces that four undergraduate schol
arships, from the Converge Scholarship
Fund, are available for the winter and
spring quarters of the present academic
year. These scholarships carry an an
nual stipend of $250. Candidates should
make their applications at once and tile
the.ni with Professor P. A. Martin, room
229. History Building.
