# SWISS ARTIST TO PRESENT UNUSUAL PROGRAM SATURDAY
## 
### 
Fritz Zimmerman and Marcelle Grand
ville will present a decidedly unusual
program in the Assembly Mali Saturday
night. Folk songs and yodels of Swit
zerland will be a feature of the even
ing. Zimmerman has established an en
viable reputation for himself both as a
yodler and as a singer in French, Ger
man or English. He has a splendid
voice, his falsetto tones are resonant
and flexible. Miss Grandville has a so
prano voice of wide range.
The pair recently appeared in Port
land, Oregon, and this comment was
made in the review of the entertain
ment : "The attendance at the Swiss
concert was the largest recorded in the
Auditorium since the concerts of John
McCormick and Luise Tetrazz.ini. Zim
merman came heralded as the greatest
living yodler, and those who heard him
here will gladly support that claim."
Fritz Zimmerman and Marcelle Grand
ville will present a decidedly unusual
program in the Assembly Mali Saturday
night. Folk songs and yodels of Swit
zerland will be a feature of the even
ing. Zimmerman has established an en
viable reputation for himself both as a
yodler and as a singer in French, Ger
man or English. He has a splendid
voice, his falsetto tones are resonant
and flexible. Miss Grandville has a so
prano voice of wide range.
The pair recently appeared in Port
land, Oregon, and this comment was
made in the review of the entertain
ment : "The attendance at the Swiss
concert was the largest recorded in the
Auditorium since the concerts of John
McCormick and Luise Tetrazz.ini. Zim
merman came heralded as the greatest
living yodler, and those who heard him
here will gladly support that claim."
Fritz Zimmerman and Marcelle Grand
ville will present a decidedly unusual
program in the Assembly Mali Saturday
night. Folk songs and yodels of Swit
zerland will be a feature of the even
ing. Zimmerman has established an en
viable reputation for himself both as a
yodler and as a singer in French, Ger
man or English. He has a splendid
voice, his falsetto tones are resonant
and flexible. Miss Grandville has a so
prano voice of wide range.
The pair recently appeared in Port
land, Oregon, and this comment was
made in the review of the entertain
ment : "The attendance at the Swiss
concert was the largest recorded in the
Auditorium since the concerts of John
McCormick and Luise Tetrazz.ini. Zim
merman came heralded as the greatest
living yodler, and those who heard him
here will gladly support that claim."
Fritz Zimmerman and Marcelle Grand
ville will present a decidedly unusual
program in the Assembly Mali Saturday
night. Folk songs and yodels of Swit
zerland will be a feature of the even
ing. Zimmerman has established an en
viable reputation for himself both as a
yodler and as a singer in French, Ger
man or English. He has a splendid
voice, his falsetto tones are resonant
and flexible. Miss Grandville has a so
prano voice of wide range.
The pair recently appeared in Port
land, Oregon, and this comment was
made in the review of the entertain
ment : "The attendance at the Swiss
concert was the largest recorded in the
Auditorium since the concerts of John
McCormick and Luise Tetrazz.ini. Zim
merman came heralded as the greatest
living yodler, and those who heard him
here will gladly support that claim."
Fritz Zimmerman and Marcelle Grand
ville will present a decidedly unusual
program in the Assembly Mali Saturday
night. Folk songs and yodels of Swit
zerland will be a feature of the even
ing. Zimmerman has established an en
viable reputation for himself both as a
yodler and as a singer in French, Ger
man or English. He has a splendid
voice, his falsetto tones are resonant
and flexible. Miss Grandville has a so
prano voice of wide range.
The pair recently appeared in Port
land, Oregon, and this comment was
made in the review of the entertain
ment : "The attendance at the Swiss
concert was the largest recorded in the
Auditorium since the concerts of John
McCormick and Luise Tetrazz.ini. Zim
merman came heralded as the greatest
living yodler, and those who heard him
here will gladly support that claim."
Fritz Zimmerman and Marcelle Grand
ville will present a decidedly unusual
program in the Assembly Mali Saturday
night. Folk songs and yodels of Swit
zerland will be a feature of the even
ing. Zimmerman has established an en
viable reputation for himself both as a
yodler and as a singer in French, Ger
man or English. He has a splendid
voice, his falsetto tones are resonant
and flexible. Miss Grandville has a so
prano voice of wide range.
The pair recently appeared in Port
land, Oregon, and this comment was
made in the review of the entertain
ment : "The attendance at the Swiss
concert was the largest recorded in the
Auditorium since the concerts of John
McCormick and Luise Tetrazz.ini. Zim
merman came heralded as the greatest
living yodler, and those who heard him
here will gladly support that claim."
Fritz Zimmerman and Marcelle Grand
ville will present a decidedly unusual
program in the Assembly Mali Saturday
night. Folk songs and yodels of Swit
zerland will be a feature of the even
ing. Zimmerman has established an en
viable reputation for himself both as a
yodler and as a singer in French, Ger
man or English. He has a splendid
voice, his falsetto tones are resonant
and flexible. Miss Grandville has a so
prano voice of wide range.
The pair recently appeared in Port
land, Oregon, and this comment was
made in the review of the entertain
ment : "The attendance at the Swiss
concert was the largest recorded in the
Auditorium since the concerts of John
McCormick and Luise Tetrazz.ini. Zim
merman came heralded as the greatest
living yodler, and those who heard him
here will gladly support that claim."
Fritz Zimmerman and Marcelle Grand
ville will present a decidedly unusual
program in the Assembly Mali Saturday
night. Folk songs and yodels of Swit
zerland will be a feature of the even
ing. Zimmerman has established an en
viable reputation for himself both as a
yodler and as a singer in French, Ger
man or English. He has a splendid
voice, his falsetto tones are resonant
and flexible. Miss Grandville has a so
prano voice of wide range.
The pair recently appeared in Port
land, Oregon, and this comment was
made in the review of the entertain
ment : "The attendance at the Swiss
concert was the largest recorded in the
Auditorium since the concerts of John
McCormick and Luise Tetrazz.ini. Zim
merman came heralded as the greatest
living yodler, and those who heard him
here will gladly support that claim."
Fritz Zimmerman and Marcelle Grand
ville will present a decidedly unusual
program in the Assembly Mali Saturday
night. Folk songs and yodels of Swit
zerland will be a feature of the even
ing. Zimmerman has established an en
viable reputation for himself both as a
yodler and as a singer in French, Ger
man or English. He has a splendid
voice, his falsetto tones are resonant
and flexible. Miss Grandville has a so
prano voice of wide range.
The pair recently appeared in Port
land, Oregon, and this comment was
made in the review of the entertain
ment : "The attendance at the Swiss
concert was the largest recorded in the
Auditorium since the concerts of John
McCormick and Luise Tetrazz.ini. Zim
merman came heralded as the greatest
living yodler, and those who heard him
here will gladly support that claim."
Fritz Zimmerman and Marcelle Grand
ville will present a decidedly unusual
program in the Assembly Mali Saturday
night. Folk songs and yodels of Swit
zerland will be a feature of the even
ing. Zimmerman has established an en
viable reputation for himself both as a
yodler and as a singer in French, Ger
man or English. He has a splendid
voice, his falsetto tones are resonant
and flexible. Miss Grandville has a so
prano voice of wide range.
The pair recently appeared in Port
land, Oregon, and this comment was
made in the review of the entertain
ment : "The attendance at the Swiss
concert was the largest recorded in the
Auditorium since the concerts of John
McCormick and Luise Tetrazz.ini. Zim
merman came heralded as the greatest
living yodler, and those who heard him
here will gladly support that claim."
Fritz Zimmerman and Marcelle Grand
ville will present a decidedly unusual
program in the Assembly Mali Saturday
night. Folk songs and yodels of Swit
zerland will be a feature of the even
ing. Zimmerman has established an en
viable reputation for himself both as a
yodler and as a singer in French, Ger
man or English. He has a splendid
voice, his falsetto tones are resonant
and flexible. Miss Grandville has a so
prano voice of wide range.
The pair recently appeared in Port
land, Oregon, and this comment was
made in the review of the entertain
ment : "The attendance at the Swiss
concert was the largest recorded in the
Auditorium since the concerts of John
McCormick and Luise Tetrazz.ini. Zim
merman came heralded as the greatest
living yodler, and those who heard him
here will gladly support that claim."
Fritz Zimmerman and Marcelle Grand
ville will present a decidedly unusual
program in the Assembly Mali Saturday
night. Folk songs and yodels of Swit
zerland will be a feature of the even
ing. Zimmerman has established an en
viable reputation for himself both as a
yodler and as a singer in French, Ger
man or English. He has a splendid
voice, his falsetto tones are resonant
and flexible. Miss Grandville has a so
prano voice of wide range.
The pair recently appeared in Port
land, Oregon, and this comment was
made in the review of the entertain
ment : "The attendance at the Swiss
concert was the largest recorded in the
Auditorium since the concerts of John
McCormick and Luise Tetrazz.ini. Zim
merman came heralded as the greatest
living yodler, and those who heard him
here will gladly support that claim."
Fritz Zimmerman and Marcelle Grand
ville will present a decidedly unusual
program in the Assembly Mali Saturday
night. Folk songs and yodels of Swit
zerland will be a feature of the even
ing. Zimmerman has established an en
viable reputation for himself both as a
yodler and as a singer in French, Ger
man or English. He has a splendid
voice, his falsetto tones are resonant
and flexible. Miss Grandville has a so
prano voice of wide range.
The pair recently appeared in Port
land, Oregon, and this comment was
made in the review of the entertain
ment : "The attendance at the Swiss
concert was the largest recorded in the
Auditorium since the concerts of John
McCormick and Luise Tetrazz.ini. Zim
merman came heralded as the greatest
living yodler, and those who heard him
here will gladly support that claim."
Fritz Zimmerman and Marcelle Grand
ville will present a decidedly unusual
program in the Assembly Mali Saturday
night. Folk songs and yodels of Swit
zerland will be a feature of the even
ing. Zimmerman has established an en
viable reputation for himself both as a
yodler and as a singer in French, Ger
man or English. He has a splendid
voice, his falsetto tones are resonant
and flexible. Miss Grandville has a so
prano voice of wide range.
The pair recently appeared in Port
land, Oregon, and this comment was
made in the review of the entertain
ment : "The attendance at the Swiss
concert was the largest recorded in the
Auditorium since the concerts of John
McCormick and Luise Tetrazz.ini. Zim
merman came heralded as the greatest
living yodler, and those who heard him
here will gladly support that claim."
