# Adv. 7 Page 3
## 
### 
Today, a counterfeiter
no longer has to print phony
twenty-dollar bills. Selling
imitation automotive replace
ment parts —packaged to
resemble products from legit
imate manufacturers—is big
business.
For people who buy
and use counterfeit auto
parts, though, the conse
quences can be costly. For
example, body panels may
require expensive labor to
bring their finish quality up
to the rest of the car. Bogus
oil filters have failed after
200 miles, causing unpro
tected engines to seize up,
requiring their complete
replacement.
Inferior transmission
fluid has solidified at 0°
Fahrenheit, ruining trans
missions. And counterfeit
antifreeze has eaten right
through aluminum parts.
The failure can be
| safety-related. A fatal 1985
bus accident in Britain was
attributed to the installation
of counterfeit brake parts. Ill
fitting counterfeit gas caps
can fall off, increasing the
risk of a fire in a roll-over
accident.
i
L I
Today, a counterfeiter
no longer has to print phony
twenty-dollar bills. Selling
imitation automotive replace
ment parts —packaged to
resemble products from legit
imate manufacturers—is big
business.
For people who buy
and use counterfeit auto
parts, though, the conse
quences can be costly. For
example, body panels may
require expensive labor to
bring their finish quality up
to the rest of the car. Bogus
oil filters have failed after
200 miles, causing unpro
tected engines to seize up,
requiring their complete
replacement.
Inferior transmission
fluid has solidified at 0°
Fahrenheit, ruining trans
missions. And counterfeit
antifreeze has eaten right
through aluminum parts.
The failure can be
| safety-related. A fatal 1985
bus accident in Britain was
attributed to the installation
of counterfeit brake parts. Ill
fitting counterfeit gas caps
can fall off, increasing the
risk of a fire in a roll-over
accident.
i
L I
Today, a counterfeiter
no longer has to print phony
twenty-dollar bills. Selling
imitation automotive replace
ment parts —packaged to
resemble products from legit
imate manufacturers—is big
business.
For people who buy
and use counterfeit auto
parts, though, the conse
quences can be costly. For
example, body panels may
require expensive labor to
bring their finish quality up
to the rest of the car. Bogus
oil filters have failed after
200 miles, causing unpro
tected engines to seize up,
requiring their complete
replacement.
Inferior transmission
fluid has solidified at 0°
Fahrenheit, ruining trans
missions. And counterfeit
antifreeze has eaten right
through aluminum parts.
The failure can be
| safety-related. A fatal 1985
bus accident in Britain was
attributed to the installation
of counterfeit brake parts. Ill
fitting counterfeit gas caps
can fall off, increasing the
risk of a fire in a roll-over
accident.
i
L I
Today, a counterfeiter
no longer has to print phony
twenty-dollar bills. Selling
imitation automotive replace
ment parts —packaged to
resemble products from legit
imate manufacturers—is big
business.
For people who buy
and use counterfeit auto
parts, though, the conse
quences can be costly. For
example, body panels may
require expensive labor to
bring their finish quality up
to the rest of the car. Bogus
oil filters have failed after
200 miles, causing unpro
tected engines to seize up,
requiring their complete
replacement.
Inferior transmission
fluid has solidified at 0°
Fahrenheit, ruining trans
missions. And counterfeit
antifreeze has eaten right
through aluminum parts.
The failure can be
| safety-related. A fatal 1985
bus accident in Britain was
attributed to the installation
of counterfeit brake parts. Ill
fitting counterfeit gas caps
can fall off, increasing the
risk of a fire in a roll-over
accident.
i
L I
Today, a counterfeiter
no longer has to print phony
twenty-dollar bills. Selling
imitation automotive replace
ment parts —packaged to
resemble products from legit
imate manufacturers—is big
business.
For people who buy
and use counterfeit auto
parts, though, the conse
quences can be costly. For
example, body panels may
require expensive labor to
bring their finish quality up
to the rest of the car. Bogus
oil filters have failed after
200 miles, causing unpro
tected engines to seize up,
requiring their complete
replacement.
Inferior transmission
fluid has solidified at 0°
Fahrenheit, ruining trans
missions. And counterfeit
antifreeze has eaten right
through aluminum parts.
The failure can be
| safety-related. A fatal 1985
bus accident in Britain was
attributed to the installation
of counterfeit brake parts. Ill
fitting counterfeit gas caps
can fall off, increasing the
risk of a fire in a roll-over
accident.
i
L I
Today, a counterfeiter
no longer has to print phony
twenty-dollar bills. Selling
imitation automotive replace
ment parts —packaged to
resemble products from legit
imate manufacturers—is big
business.
For people who buy
and use counterfeit auto
parts, though, the conse
quences can be costly. For
example, body panels may
require expensive labor to
bring their finish quality up
to the rest of the car. Bogus
oil filters have failed after
200 miles, causing unpro
tected engines to seize up,
requiring their complete
replacement.
Inferior transmission
fluid has solidified at 0°
Fahrenheit, ruining trans
missions. And counterfeit
antifreeze has eaten right
through aluminum parts.
The failure can be
| safety-related. A fatal 1985
bus accident in Britain was
attributed to the installation
of counterfeit brake parts. Ill
fitting counterfeit gas caps
can fall off, increasing the
risk of a fire in a roll-over
accident.
i
L I
Today, a counterfeiter
no longer has to print phony
twenty-dollar bills. Selling
imitation automotive replace
ment parts —packaged to
resemble products from legit
imate manufacturers—is big
business.
For people who buy
and use counterfeit auto
parts, though, the conse
quences can be costly. For
example, body panels may
require expensive labor to
bring their finish quality up
to the rest of the car. Bogus
oil filters have failed after
200 miles, causing unpro
tected engines to seize up,
requiring their complete
replacement.
Inferior transmission
fluid has solidified at 0°
Fahrenheit, ruining trans
missions. And counterfeit
antifreeze has eaten right
through aluminum parts.
The failure can be
| safety-related. A fatal 1985
bus accident in Britain was
attributed to the installation
of counterfeit brake parts. Ill
fitting counterfeit gas caps
can fall off, increasing the
risk of a fire in a roll-over
accident.
i
L I
Today, a counterfeiter
no longer has to print phony
twenty-dollar bills. Selling
imitation automotive replace
ment parts —packaged to
resemble products from legit
imate manufacturers—is big
business.
For people who buy
and use counterfeit auto
parts, though, the conse
quences can be costly. For
example, body panels may
require expensive labor to
bring their finish quality up
to the rest of the car. Bogus
oil filters have failed after
200 miles, causing unpro
tected engines to seize up,
requiring their complete
replacement.
Inferior transmission
fluid has solidified at 0°
Fahrenheit, ruining trans
missions. And counterfeit
antifreeze has eaten right
through aluminum parts.
The failure can be
| safety-related. A fatal 1985
bus accident in Britain was
attributed to the installation
of counterfeit brake parts. Ill
fitting counterfeit gas caps
can fall off, increasing the
risk of a fire in a roll-over
accident.
i
L I
