# Police issue alert for murder suspect
## 
### 
Stanford police issued a public alert
Tuesday for Robert Spitz, 43, wanted
for murder in the stabbing deaths of
his parents in Canoga Park Feb. 25
and recently seen in Santa Clara.
According to Stanford Detective
John McMullen, Spitz likes to loiter
around college campuses and pick up
lone females.
Regarded as higly dangerous, he is
white, 5-foot-8, weighs 145 pounds,
has brown hair and hazel eyes.

Also known as John Fischer, John
Fisher and Sat Pal Shingh. he may ap
pear unkempt and unwashed. He is
believed to be driving a two-door,
faded red, older model Ford
Maverick.
He has a history of weapons law vi
olations, drug arrests and mental ill
ness. He frequents campuses, has a
passport and travels extensively.
Police advise that he should not be
approached or confronted.
