# Art Work Exhibited.
## 
### 
A large set of drawings made by
children of the public schools of
Massachusetts is being shown in
the art studio. The set comprises
work of various kinds, done by
children from the primary grades
to the high school. The exhibit is
of particular interest to students
intending to teach.
A large set of drawings made by
children of the public schools of
Massachusetts is being shown in
the art studio. The set comprises
work of various kinds, done by
children from the primary grades
to the high school. The exhibit is
of particular interest to students
intending to teach.
A large set of drawings made by
children of the public schools of
Massachusetts is being shown in
the art studio. The set comprises
work of various kinds, done by
children from the primary grades
to the high school. The exhibit is
of particular interest to students
intending to teach.
A large set of drawings made by
children of the public schools of
Massachusetts is being shown in
the art studio. The set comprises
work of various kinds, done by
children from the primary grades
to the high school. The exhibit is
of particular interest to students
intending to teach.
A large set of drawings made by
children of the public schools of
Massachusetts is being shown in
the art studio. The set comprises
work of various kinds, done by
children from the primary grades
to the high school. The exhibit is
of particular interest to students
intending to teach.
A large set of drawings made by
children of the public schools of
Massachusetts is being shown in
the art studio. The set comprises
work of various kinds, done by
children from the primary grades
to the high school. The exhibit is
of particular interest to students
intending to teach.
A large set of drawings made by
children of the public schools of
Massachusetts is being shown in
the art studio. The set comprises
work of various kinds, done by
children from the primary grades
to the high school. The exhibit is
of particular interest to students
intending to teach.
A large set of drawings made by
children of the public schools of
Massachusetts is being shown in
the art studio. The set comprises
work of various kinds, done by
children from the primary grades
to the high school. The exhibit is
of particular interest to students
intending to teach.
