# Memorial Church.
## 
### 
There are two regular services
held in Memorial Church every
Sunday, one at 11 and the other at
4. Vesper services will be held
every Thursday afternoon at 4:30.
These services are of a devotional
character and appeal to those fond
of a simple midweek service. The
services tomorrow afternoon will
continue for about thirty minutes.
The Rev. D. Charles Gardner is
chaplain of the Church. He keeps
office hours daily, except Monday,
between 9 and 12.
There are two regular services
held in Memorial Church every
Sunday, one at 11 and the other at
4. Vesper services will be held
every Thursday afternoon at 4:30.
These services are of a devotional
character and appeal to those fond
of a simple midweek service. The
services tomorrow afternoon will
continue for about thirty minutes.
The Rev. D. Charles Gardner is
chaplain of the Church. He keeps
office hours daily, except Monday,
between 9 and 12.
There are two regular services
held in Memorial Church every
Sunday, one at 11 and the other at
4. Vesper services will be held
every Thursday afternoon at 4:30.
These services are of a devotional
character and appeal to those fond
of a simple midweek service. The
services tomorrow afternoon will
continue for about thirty minutes.
The Rev. D. Charles Gardner is
chaplain of the Church. He keeps
office hours daily, except Monday,
between 9 and 12.
There are two regular services
held in Memorial Church every
Sunday, one at 11 and the other at
4. Vesper services will be held
every Thursday afternoon at 4:30.
These services are of a devotional
character and appeal to those fond
of a simple midweek service. The
services tomorrow afternoon will
continue for about thirty minutes.
The Rev. D. Charles Gardner is
chaplain of the Church. He keeps
office hours daily, except Monday,
between 9 and 12.
There are two regular services
held in Memorial Church every
Sunday, one at 11 and the other at
4. Vesper services will be held
every Thursday afternoon at 4:30.
These services are of a devotional
character and appeal to those fond
of a simple midweek service. The
services tomorrow afternoon will
continue for about thirty minutes.
The Rev. D. Charles Gardner is
chaplain of the Church. He keeps
office hours daily, except Monday,
between 9 and 12.
There are two regular services
held in Memorial Church every
Sunday, one at 11 and the other at
4. Vesper services will be held
every Thursday afternoon at 4:30.
These services are of a devotional
character and appeal to those fond
of a simple midweek service. The
services tomorrow afternoon will
continue for about thirty minutes.
The Rev. D. Charles Gardner is
chaplain of the Church. He keeps
office hours daily, except Monday,
between 9 and 12.
There are two regular services
held in Memorial Church every
Sunday, one at 11 and the other at
4. Vesper services will be held
every Thursday afternoon at 4:30.
These services are of a devotional
character and appeal to those fond
of a simple midweek service. The
services tomorrow afternoon will
continue for about thirty minutes.
The Rev. D. Charles Gardner is
chaplain of the Church. He keeps
office hours daily, except Monday,
between 9 and 12.
There are two regular services
held in Memorial Church every
Sunday, one at 11 and the other at
4. Vesper services will be held
every Thursday afternoon at 4:30.
These services are of a devotional
character and appeal to those fond
of a simple midweek service. The
services tomorrow afternoon will
continue for about thirty minutes.
The Rev. D. Charles Gardner is
chaplain of the Church. He keeps
office hours daily, except Monday,
between 9 and 12.
