# Noted Scientists Here.
## 
### 
A party of well-known chemistry
professors from the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology and the
University of Carlsruhe, Germany,
visited the University to-day, and
as guests of the Chemistry depart
ment inspected the Chemistry
building and its equipment. The
party was composed of Max Le
Blanc, who is at the head of the
electro-chemistry department at
Carlsruhe; Professor Benoir, his
colleague in the mechanical engi
neering department; and Professors
A. A. Noyes, H. M. Goodwin and
Dr. Lawrence of the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology. They are
en route to St. Louis, where several
of the professors will deliver ad
dresses before various scientific
conventions.
