# Memorial to George M. Richardson.
## 
### 
Through the efforts of Mrs. C. H.
Rieber, wife of I'rofessor Rieber,
formerly assistant professor of
philosophy at Stanford, a bronze
bust of the late professor of Chem
istry, George Mann Richardson,
will soon be placed in the cliem- !
istry building. A number of fel-1
low faculty members and students 1
of the late professor of organic
Chemistry at Stanford felt that
some memorial of him should be
preserved at the University, in the
early development of which he was
so important an influence.
The clay bas-relief for the me
morial was made by Mrs. C. H.
Rieber, and gives satisfaction to
all who have seen it. The work is j
now on exhibition in the art gal
lery of Vickery, Aiken and Torrey :
in San Francisco. The profile
bronze bust was cast in the East,
and will be placed in the building
in the near future.
Through the efforts of Mrs. C. H.
Rieber, wife of I'rofessor Rieber,
formerly assistant professor of
philosophy at Stanford, a bronze
bust of the late professor of Chem
istry, George Mann Richardson,
will soon be placed in the cliem- !
istry building. A number of fel-1
low faculty members and students 1
of the late professor of organic
Chemistry at Stanford felt that
some memorial of him should be
preserved at the University, in the
early development of which he was
so important an influence.
The clay bas-relief for the me
morial was made by Mrs. C. H.
Rieber, and gives satisfaction to
all who have seen it. The work is j
now on exhibition in the art gal
lery of Vickery, Aiken and Torrey :
in San Francisco. The profile
bronze bust was cast in the East,
and will be placed in the building
in the near future.
Through the efforts of Mrs. C. H.
Rieber, wife of I'rofessor Rieber,
formerly assistant professor of
philosophy at Stanford, a bronze
bust of the late professor of Chem
istry, George Mann Richardson,
will soon be placed in the cliem- !
istry building. A number of fel-1
low faculty members and students 1
of the late professor of organic
Chemistry at Stanford felt that
some memorial of him should be
preserved at the University, in the
early development of which he was
so important an influence.
The clay bas-relief for the me
morial was made by Mrs. C. H.
Rieber, and gives satisfaction to
all who have seen it. The work is j
now on exhibition in the art gal
lery of Vickery, Aiken and Torrey :
in San Francisco. The profile
bronze bust was cast in the East,
and will be placed in the building
in the near future.
Through the efforts of Mrs. C. H.
Rieber, wife of I'rofessor Rieber,
formerly assistant professor of
philosophy at Stanford, a bronze
bust of the late professor of Chem
istry, George Mann Richardson,
will soon be placed in the cliem- !
istry building. A number of fel-1
low faculty members and students 1
of the late professor of organic
Chemistry at Stanford felt that
some memorial of him should be
preserved at the University, in the
early development of which he was
so important an influence.
The clay bas-relief for the me
morial was made by Mrs. C. H.
Rieber, and gives satisfaction to
all who have seen it. The work is j
now on exhibition in the art gal
lery of Vickery, Aiken and Torrey :
in San Francisco. The profile
bronze bust was cast in the East,
and will be placed in the building
in the near future.
Through the efforts of Mrs. C. H.
Rieber, wife of I'rofessor Rieber,
formerly assistant professor of
philosophy at Stanford, a bronze
bust of the late professor of Chem
istry, George Mann Richardson,
will soon be placed in the cliem- !
istry building. A number of fel-1
low faculty members and students 1
of the late professor of organic
Chemistry at Stanford felt that
some memorial of him should be
preserved at the University, in the
early development of which he was
so important an influence.
The clay bas-relief for the me
morial was made by Mrs. C. H.
Rieber, and gives satisfaction to
all who have seen it. The work is j
now on exhibition in the art gal
lery of Vickery, Aiken and Torrey :
in San Francisco. The profile
bronze bust was cast in the East,
and will be placed in the building
in the near future.
Through the efforts of Mrs. C. H.
Rieber, wife of I'rofessor Rieber,
formerly assistant professor of
philosophy at Stanford, a bronze
bust of the late professor of Chem
istry, George Mann Richardson,
will soon be placed in the cliem- !
istry building. A number of fel-1
low faculty members and students 1
of the late professor of organic
Chemistry at Stanford felt that
some memorial of him should be
preserved at the University, in the
early development of which he was
so important an influence.
The clay bas-relief for the me
morial was made by Mrs. C. H.
Rieber, and gives satisfaction to
all who have seen it. The work is j
now on exhibition in the art gal
lery of Vickery, Aiken and Torrey :
in San Francisco. The profile
bronze bust was cast in the East,
and will be placed in the building
in the near future.
Through the efforts of Mrs. C. H.
Rieber, wife of I'rofessor Rieber,
formerly assistant professor of
philosophy at Stanford, a bronze
bust of the late professor of Chem
istry, George Mann Richardson,
will soon be placed in the cliem- !
istry building. A number of fel-1
low faculty members and students 1
of the late professor of organic
Chemistry at Stanford felt that
some memorial of him should be
preserved at the University, in the
early development of which he was
so important an influence.
The clay bas-relief for the me
morial was made by Mrs. C. H.
Rieber, and gives satisfaction to
all who have seen it. The work is j
now on exhibition in the art gal
lery of Vickery, Aiken and Torrey :
in San Francisco. The profile
bronze bust was cast in the East,
and will be placed in the building
in the near future.
Through the efforts of Mrs. C. H.
Rieber, wife of I'rofessor Rieber,
formerly assistant professor of
philosophy at Stanford, a bronze
bust of the late professor of Chem
istry, George Mann Richardson,
will soon be placed in the cliem- !
istry building. A number of fel-1
low faculty members and students 1
of the late professor of organic
Chemistry at Stanford felt that
some memorial of him should be
preserved at the University, in the
early development of which he was
so important an influence.
The clay bas-relief for the me
morial was made by Mrs. C. H.
Rieber, and gives satisfaction to
all who have seen it. The work is j
now on exhibition in the art gal
lery of Vickery, Aiken and Torrey :
in San Francisco. The profile
bronze bust was cast in the East,
and will be placed in the building
in the near future.
