# Slaker Has Registered.
## 
### 
Frank L. Slaker, '02, Varsity
fullliack last year, registered for
work at the IJDiversity this morning.
Frank L. Slaker, '02, Varsity
fullliack last year, registered for
work at the IJDiversity this morning.
Frank L. Slaker, '02, Varsity
fullliack last year, registered for
work at the IJDiversity this morning.
Frank L. Slaker, '02, Varsity
fullliack last year, registered for
work at the IJDiversity this morning.
Frank L. Slaker, '02, Varsity
fullliack last year, registered for
work at the IJDiversity this morning.
Frank L. Slaker, '02, Varsity
fullliack last year, registered for
work at the IJDiversity this morning.
Frank L. Slaker, '02, Varsity
fullliack last year, registered for
work at the IJDiversity this morning.
