# A 						Correction.
## 
### 
Owing to error the Palo Alto last
evening, in announcing the engage
ment of Joseph E. Wilson, '01, and
Miss Marian A. Derby, '04, made
the name of Miss Derby to read
"Dodge."
Owing to error the Palo Alto last
evening, in announcing the engage
ment of Joseph E. Wilson, '01, and
Miss Marian A. Derby, '04, made
the name of Miss Derby to read
"Dodge."
Owing to error the Palo Alto last
evening, in announcing the engage
ment of Joseph E. Wilson, '01, and
Miss Marian A. Derby, '04, made
the name of Miss Derby to read
"Dodge."
Owing to error the Palo Alto last
evening, in announcing the engage
ment of Joseph E. Wilson, '01, and
Miss Marian A. Derby, '04, made
the name of Miss Derby to read
"Dodge."
Owing to error the Palo Alto last
evening, in announcing the engage
ment of Joseph E. Wilson, '01, and
Miss Marian A. Derby, '04, made
the name of Miss Derby to read
"Dodge."
Owing to error the Palo Alto last
evening, in announcing the engage
ment of Joseph E. Wilson, '01, and
Miss Marian A. Derby, '04, made
the name of Miss Derby to read
"Dodge."
Owing to error the Palo Alto last
evening, in announcing the engage
ment of Joseph E. Wilson, '01, and
Miss Marian A. Derby, '04, made
the name of Miss Derby to read
"Dodge."
