# Postpones Senior Class Meeting.
## 
### 
President D. P. Crawford of ne
Senior Class announced today that
the scheduled Senior meeting was
postponed. The meeting will probably
be held next week.
President D. P. Crawford of ne
Senior Class announced today that
the scheduled Senior meeting was
postponed. The meeting will probably
be held next week.
President D. P. Crawford of ne
Senior Class announced today that
the scheduled Senior meeting was
postponed. The meeting will probably
be held next week.
President D. P. Crawford of ne
Senior Class announced today that
the scheduled Senior meeting was
postponed. The meeting will probably
be held next week.
President D. P. Crawford of ne
Senior Class announced today that
the scheduled Senior meeting was
postponed. The meeting will probably
be held next week.
President D. P. Crawford of ne
Senior Class announced today that
the scheduled Senior meeting was
postponed. The meeting will probably
be held next week.
President D. P. Crawford of ne
Senior Class announced today that
the scheduled Senior meeting was
postponed. The meeting will probably
be held next week.
President D. P. Crawford of ne
Senior Class announced today that
the scheduled Senior meeting was
postponed. The meeting will probably
be held next week.
President D. P. Crawford of ne
Senior Class announced today that
the scheduled Senior meeting was
postponed. The meeting will probably
be held next week.
President D. P. Crawford of ne
Senior Class announced today that
the scheduled Senior meeting was
postponed. The meeting will probably
be held next week.
