# Sports The Stanford Daily
## 
### 

WHERE ENDS MEET—The out-flung arms of Lowell Perry (85),
Michigan's All-American candidate for end, fail to stop oppos
ing end John Steinberg (72) from gathering in Cardinal quarter
back Bob Garrett's touchdown aerial. Steinberg's catch tied up
last Saturday's game in the second quarter at 7-7. The Indians
copped the contest, 14-7, in the fourth quarter when Bob Mathias
crossed the Wolverine goal line on a rush from the one-yard
line.

WHERE ENDS MEET—The out-flung arms of Lowell Perry (85),
Michigan's All-American candidate for end, fail to stop oppos
ing end John Steinberg (72) from gathering in Cardinal quarter
back Bob Garrett's touchdown aerial. Steinberg's catch tied up
last Saturday's game in the second quarter at 7-7. The Indians
copped the contest, 14-7, in the fourth quarter when Bob Mathias
crossed the Wolverine goal line on a rush from the one-yard
line.

WHERE ENDS MEET—The out-flung arms of Lowell Perry (85),
Michigan's All-American candidate for end, fail to stop oppos
ing end John Steinberg (72) from gathering in Cardinal quarter
back Bob Garrett's touchdown aerial. Steinberg's catch tied up
last Saturday's game in the second quarter at 7-7. The Indians
copped the contest, 14-7, in the fourth quarter when Bob Mathias
crossed the Wolverine goal line on a rush from the one-yard
line.

WHERE ENDS MEET—The out-flung arms of Lowell Perry (85),
Michigan's All-American candidate for end, fail to stop oppos
ing end John Steinberg (72) from gathering in Cardinal quarter
back Bob Garrett's touchdown aerial. Steinberg's catch tied up
last Saturday's game in the second quarter at 7-7. The Indians
copped the contest, 14-7, in the fourth quarter when Bob Mathias
crossed the Wolverine goal line on a rush from the one-yard
line.

WHERE ENDS MEET—The out-flung arms of Lowell Perry (85),
Michigan's All-American candidate for end, fail to stop oppos
ing end John Steinberg (72) from gathering in Cardinal quarter
back Bob Garrett's touchdown aerial. Steinberg's catch tied up
last Saturday's game in the second quarter at 7-7. The Indians
copped the contest, 14-7, in the fourth quarter when Bob Mathias
crossed the Wolverine goal line on a rush from the one-yard
line.

WHERE ENDS MEET—The out-flung arms of Lowell Perry (85),
Michigan's All-American candidate for end, fail to stop oppos
ing end John Steinberg (72) from gathering in Cardinal quarter
back Bob Garrett's touchdown aerial. Steinberg's catch tied up
last Saturday's game in the second quarter at 7-7. The Indians
copped the contest, 14-7, in the fourth quarter when Bob Mathias
crossed the Wolverine goal line on a rush from the one-yard
line.

WHERE ENDS MEET—The out-flung arms of Lowell Perry (85),
Michigan's All-American candidate for end, fail to stop oppos
ing end John Steinberg (72) from gathering in Cardinal quarter
back Bob Garrett's touchdown aerial. Steinberg's catch tied up
last Saturday's game in the second quarter at 7-7. The Indians
copped the contest, 14-7, in the fourth quarter when Bob Mathias
crossed the Wolverine goal line on a rush from the one-yard
line.

WHERE ENDS MEET—The out-flung arms of Lowell Perry (85),
Michigan's All-American candidate for end, fail to stop oppos
ing end John Steinberg (72) from gathering in Cardinal quarter
back Bob Garrett's touchdown aerial. Steinberg's catch tied up
last Saturday's game in the second quarter at 7-7. The Indians
copped the contest, 14-7, in the fourth quarter when Bob Mathias
crossed the Wolverine goal line on a rush from the one-yard
line.

WHERE ENDS MEET—The out-flung arms of Lowell Perry (85),
Michigan's All-American candidate for end, fail to stop oppos
ing end John Steinberg (72) from gathering in Cardinal quarter
back Bob Garrett's touchdown aerial. Steinberg's catch tied up
last Saturday's game in the second quarter at 7-7. The Indians
copped the contest, 14-7, in the fourth quarter when Bob Mathias
crossed the Wolverine goal line on a rush from the one-yard
line.

WHERE ENDS MEET—The out-flung arms of Lowell Perry (85),
Michigan's All-American candidate for end, fail to stop oppos
ing end John Steinberg (72) from gathering in Cardinal quarter
back Bob Garrett's touchdown aerial. Steinberg's catch tied up
last Saturday's game in the second quarter at 7-7. The Indians
copped the contest, 14-7, in the fourth quarter when Bob Mathias
crossed the Wolverine goal line on a rush from the one-yard
line.

WHERE ENDS MEET—The out-flung arms of Lowell Perry (85),
Michigan's All-American candidate for end, fail to stop oppos
ing end John Steinberg (72) from gathering in Cardinal quarter
back Bob Garrett's touchdown aerial. Steinberg's catch tied up
last Saturday's game in the second quarter at 7-7. The Indians
copped the contest, 14-7, in the fourth quarter when Bob Mathias
crossed the Wolverine goal line on a rush from the one-yard
line.

WHERE ENDS MEET—The out-flung arms of Lowell Perry (85),
Michigan's All-American candidate for end, fail to stop oppos
ing end John Steinberg (72) from gathering in Cardinal quarter
back Bob Garrett's touchdown aerial. Steinberg's catch tied up
last Saturday's game in the second quarter at 7-7. The Indians
copped the contest, 14-7, in the fourth quarter when Bob Mathias
crossed the Wolverine goal line on a rush from the one-yard
line.

WHERE ENDS MEET—The out-flung arms of Lowell Perry (85),
Michigan's All-American candidate for end, fail to stop oppos
ing end John Steinberg (72) from gathering in Cardinal quarter
back Bob Garrett's touchdown aerial. Steinberg's catch tied up
last Saturday's game in the second quarter at 7-7. The Indians
copped the contest, 14-7, in the fourth quarter when Bob Mathias
crossed the Wolverine goal line on a rush from the one-yard
line.

WHERE ENDS MEET—The out-flung arms of Lowell Perry (85),
Michigan's All-American candidate for end, fail to stop oppos
ing end John Steinberg (72) from gathering in Cardinal quarter
back Bob Garrett's touchdown aerial. Steinberg's catch tied up
last Saturday's game in the second quarter at 7-7. The Indians
copped the contest, 14-7, in the fourth quarter when Bob Mathias
crossed the Wolverine goal line on a rush from the one-yard
line.

WHERE ENDS MEET—The out-flung arms of Lowell Perry (85),
Michigan's All-American candidate for end, fail to stop oppos
ing end John Steinberg (72) from gathering in Cardinal quarter
back Bob Garrett's touchdown aerial. Steinberg's catch tied up
last Saturday's game in the second quarter at 7-7. The Indians
copped the contest, 14-7, in the fourth quarter when Bob Mathias
crossed the Wolverine goal line on a rush from the one-yard
line.

WHERE ENDS MEET—The out-flung arms of Lowell Perry (85),
Michigan's All-American candidate for end, fail to stop oppos
ing end John Steinberg (72) from gathering in Cardinal quarter
back Bob Garrett's touchdown aerial. Steinberg's catch tied up
last Saturday's game in the second quarter at 7-7. The Indians
copped the contest, 14-7, in the fourth quarter when Bob Mathias
crossed the Wolverine goal line on a rush from the one-yard
line.
