# CARE to Receive Farm Fair Profits
## 
### 
A total profit of $475 was made at
the Lagunita Farm Fair, Lagunita
treasurer Nancy Taylor announced
yesterday. The money received from
the concessions and auction at last
Saturday's all-campus event will go
into CARE packages for St. Johann
and other needy villages.
Approximately 1.500 students and
faculty crowded into Lagunita for the
Fair, according to Lin Robertson,
Farm Fair chairman.
A total profit of $475 was made at
the Lagunita Farm Fair, Lagunita
treasurer Nancy Taylor announced
yesterday. The money received from
the concessions and auction at last
Saturday's all-campus event will go
into CARE packages for St. Johann
and other needy villages.
Approximately 1.500 students and
faculty crowded into Lagunita for the
Fair, according to Lin Robertson,
Farm Fair chairman.
A total profit of $475 was made at
the Lagunita Farm Fair, Lagunita
treasurer Nancy Taylor announced
yesterday. The money received from
the concessions and auction at last
Saturday's all-campus event will go
into CARE packages for St. Johann
and other needy villages.
Approximately 1.500 students and
faculty crowded into Lagunita for the
Fair, according to Lin Robertson,
Farm Fair chairman.
A total profit of $475 was made at
the Lagunita Farm Fair, Lagunita
treasurer Nancy Taylor announced
yesterday. The money received from
the concessions and auction at last
Saturday's all-campus event will go
into CARE packages for St. Johann
and other needy villages.
Approximately 1.500 students and
faculty crowded into Lagunita for the
Fair, according to Lin Robertson,
Farm Fair chairman.
A total profit of $475 was made at
the Lagunita Farm Fair, Lagunita
treasurer Nancy Taylor announced
yesterday. The money received from
the concessions and auction at last
Saturday's all-campus event will go
into CARE packages for St. Johann
and other needy villages.
Approximately 1.500 students and
faculty crowded into Lagunita for the
Fair, according to Lin Robertson,
Farm Fair chairman.
A total profit of $475 was made at
the Lagunita Farm Fair, Lagunita
treasurer Nancy Taylor announced
yesterday. The money received from
the concessions and auction at last
Saturday's all-campus event will go
into CARE packages for St. Johann
and other needy villages.
Approximately 1.500 students and
faculty crowded into Lagunita for the
Fair, according to Lin Robertson,
Farm Fair chairman.
A total profit of $475 was made at
the Lagunita Farm Fair, Lagunita
treasurer Nancy Taylor announced
yesterday. The money received from
the concessions and auction at last
Saturday's all-campus event will go
into CARE packages for St. Johann
and other needy villages.
Approximately 1.500 students and
faculty crowded into Lagunita for the
Fair, according to Lin Robertson,
Farm Fair chairman.
A total profit of $475 was made at
the Lagunita Farm Fair, Lagunita
treasurer Nancy Taylor announced
yesterday. The money received from
the concessions and auction at last
Saturday's all-campus event will go
into CARE packages for St. Johann
and other needy villages.
Approximately 1.500 students and
faculty crowded into Lagunita for the
Fair, according to Lin Robertson,
Farm Fair chairman.
A total profit of $475 was made at
the Lagunita Farm Fair, Lagunita
treasurer Nancy Taylor announced
yesterday. The money received from
the concessions and auction at last
Saturday's all-campus event will go
into CARE packages for St. Johann
and other needy villages.
Approximately 1.500 students and
faculty crowded into Lagunita for the
Fair, according to Lin Robertson,
Farm Fair chairman.
A total profit of $475 was made at
the Lagunita Farm Fair, Lagunita
treasurer Nancy Taylor announced
yesterday. The money received from
the concessions and auction at last
Saturday's all-campus event will go
into CARE packages for St. Johann
and other needy villages.
Approximately 1.500 students and
faculty crowded into Lagunita for the
Fair, according to Lin Robertson,
Farm Fair chairman.
A total profit of $475 was made at
the Lagunita Farm Fair, Lagunita
treasurer Nancy Taylor announced
yesterday. The money received from
the concessions and auction at last
Saturday's all-campus event will go
into CARE packages for St. Johann
and other needy villages.
Approximately 1.500 students and
faculty crowded into Lagunita for the
Fair, according to Lin Robertson,
Farm Fair chairman.
A total profit of $475 was made at
the Lagunita Farm Fair, Lagunita
treasurer Nancy Taylor announced
yesterday. The money received from
the concessions and auction at last
Saturday's all-campus event will go
into CARE packages for St. Johann
and other needy villages.
Approximately 1.500 students and
faculty crowded into Lagunita for the
Fair, according to Lin Robertson,
Farm Fair chairman.
A total profit of $475 was made at
the Lagunita Farm Fair, Lagunita
treasurer Nancy Taylor announced
yesterday. The money received from
the concessions and auction at last
Saturday's all-campus event will go
into CARE packages for St. Johann
and other needy villages.
Approximately 1.500 students and
faculty crowded into Lagunita for the
Fair, according to Lin Robertson,
Farm Fair chairman.
A total profit of $475 was made at
the Lagunita Farm Fair, Lagunita
treasurer Nancy Taylor announced
yesterday. The money received from
the concessions and auction at last
Saturday's all-campus event will go
into CARE packages for St. Johann
and other needy villages.
Approximately 1.500 students and
faculty crowded into Lagunita for the
Fair, according to Lin Robertson,
Farm Fair chairman.
A total profit of $475 was made at
the Lagunita Farm Fair, Lagunita
treasurer Nancy Taylor announced
yesterday. The money received from
the concessions and auction at last
Saturday's all-campus event will go
into CARE packages for St. Johann
and other needy villages.
Approximately 1.500 students and
faculty crowded into Lagunita for the
Fair, according to Lin Robertson,
Farm Fair chairman.
A total profit of $475 was made at
the Lagunita Farm Fair, Lagunita
treasurer Nancy Taylor announced
yesterday. The money received from
the concessions and auction at last
Saturday's all-campus event will go
into CARE packages for St. Johann
and other needy villages.
Approximately 1.500 students and
faculty crowded into Lagunita for the
Fair, according to Lin Robertson,
Farm Fair chairman.
