# Fall Film Series Will Begin Tonight
## 
### 
The Stanford Fall Film Series lip
gins tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium with the showing of "A
Short History of Animation: The
Cartoon."
Membership cards in the Stanford
Film Society are necessary for ad
mission to its eight presentations.
The cards, which are transferable,
are being sold this week in the box
office of Memorial Auditorium. Price
for the season card is $1.80 .
The Stanford Fall Film Series lip
gins tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium with the showing of "A
Short History of Animation: The
Cartoon."
Membership cards in the Stanford
Film Society are necessary for ad
mission to its eight presentations.
The cards, which are transferable,
are being sold this week in the box
office of Memorial Auditorium. Price
for the season card is $1.80 .
The Stanford Fall Film Series lip
gins tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium with the showing of "A
Short History of Animation: The
Cartoon."
Membership cards in the Stanford
Film Society are necessary for ad
mission to its eight presentations.
The cards, which are transferable,
are being sold this week in the box
office of Memorial Auditorium. Price
for the season card is $1.80 .
The Stanford Fall Film Series lip
gins tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium with the showing of "A
Short History of Animation: The
Cartoon."
Membership cards in the Stanford
Film Society are necessary for ad
mission to its eight presentations.
The cards, which are transferable,
are being sold this week in the box
office of Memorial Auditorium. Price
for the season card is $1.80 .
The Stanford Fall Film Series lip
gins tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium with the showing of "A
Short History of Animation: The
Cartoon."
Membership cards in the Stanford
Film Society are necessary for ad
mission to its eight presentations.
The cards, which are transferable,
are being sold this week in the box
office of Memorial Auditorium. Price
for the season card is $1.80 .
The Stanford Fall Film Series lip
gins tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium with the showing of "A
Short History of Animation: The
Cartoon."
Membership cards in the Stanford
Film Society are necessary for ad
mission to its eight presentations.
The cards, which are transferable,
are being sold this week in the box
office of Memorial Auditorium. Price
for the season card is $1.80 .
The Stanford Fall Film Series lip
gins tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium with the showing of "A
Short History of Animation: The
Cartoon."
Membership cards in the Stanford
Film Society are necessary for ad
mission to its eight presentations.
The cards, which are transferable,
are being sold this week in the box
office of Memorial Auditorium. Price
for the season card is $1.80 .
The Stanford Fall Film Series lip
gins tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium with the showing of "A
Short History of Animation: The
Cartoon."
Membership cards in the Stanford
Film Society are necessary for ad
mission to its eight presentations.
The cards, which are transferable,
are being sold this week in the box
office of Memorial Auditorium. Price
for the season card is $1.80 .
The Stanford Fall Film Series lip
gins tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium with the showing of "A
Short History of Animation: The
Cartoon."
Membership cards in the Stanford
Film Society are necessary for ad
mission to its eight presentations.
The cards, which are transferable,
are being sold this week in the box
office of Memorial Auditorium. Price
for the season card is $1.80 .
The Stanford Fall Film Series lip
gins tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium with the showing of "A
Short History of Animation: The
Cartoon."
Membership cards in the Stanford
Film Society are necessary for ad
mission to its eight presentations.
The cards, which are transferable,
are being sold this week in the box
office of Memorial Auditorium. Price
for the season card is $1.80 .
The Stanford Fall Film Series lip
gins tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium with the showing of "A
Short History of Animation: The
Cartoon."
Membership cards in the Stanford
Film Society are necessary for ad
mission to its eight presentations.
The cards, which are transferable,
are being sold this week in the box
office of Memorial Auditorium. Price
for the season card is $1.80 .
The Stanford Fall Film Series lip
gins tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium with the showing of "A
Short History of Animation: The
Cartoon."
Membership cards in the Stanford
Film Society are necessary for ad
mission to its eight presentations.
The cards, which are transferable,
are being sold this week in the box
office of Memorial Auditorium. Price
for the season card is $1.80 .
The Stanford Fall Film Series lip
gins tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium with the showing of "A
Short History of Animation: The
Cartoon."
Membership cards in the Stanford
Film Society are necessary for ad
mission to its eight presentations.
The cards, which are transferable,
are being sold this week in the box
office of Memorial Auditorium. Price
for the season card is $1.80 .
The Stanford Fall Film Series lip
gins tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium with the showing of "A
Short History of Animation: The
Cartoon."
Membership cards in the Stanford
Film Society are necessary for ad
mission to its eight presentations.
The cards, which are transferable,
are being sold this week in the box
office of Memorial Auditorium. Price
for the season card is $1.80 .
The Stanford Fall Film Series lip
gins tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium with the showing of "A
Short History of Animation: The
Cartoon."
Membership cards in the Stanford
Film Society are necessary for ad
mission to its eight presentations.
The cards, which are transferable,
are being sold this week in the box
office of Memorial Auditorium. Price
for the season card is $1.80 .
The Stanford Fall Film Series lip
gins tonight at 7:30 in Cubberley
Auditorium with the showing of "A
Short History of Animation: The
Cartoon."
Membership cards in the Stanford
Film Society are necessary for ad
mission to its eight presentations.
The cards, which are transferable,
are being sold this week in the box
office of Memorial Auditorium. Price
for the season card is $1.80 .
