# Adv. 27 Page 4
## 
### 
j^R^UOODS
$
DON'T LET THE NAME SCARE
YOU. DO LET OUR COOKING
SURPRISE YOU.
WON TON
Finely chopped meats !
wrapped in tiny squares
of noodle paste, fried
crisp in peanut oil and
served with a tantalizing
sweet and sour sauce.
$1.00
life's
University at Bayshore
j^R^UOODS
$
DON'T LET THE NAME SCARE
YOU. DO LET OUR COOKING
SURPRISE YOU.
WON TON
Finely chopped meats !
wrapped in tiny squares
of noodle paste, fried
crisp in peanut oil and
served with a tantalizing
sweet and sour sauce.
$1.00
life's
University at Bayshore
j^R^UOODS
$
DON'T LET THE NAME SCARE
YOU. DO LET OUR COOKING
SURPRISE YOU.
WON TON
Finely chopped meats !
wrapped in tiny squares
of noodle paste, fried
crisp in peanut oil and
served with a tantalizing
sweet and sour sauce.
$1.00
life's
University at Bayshore
j^R^UOODS
$
DON'T LET THE NAME SCARE
YOU. DO LET OUR COOKING
SURPRISE YOU.
WON TON
Finely chopped meats !
wrapped in tiny squares
of noodle paste, fried
crisp in peanut oil and
served with a tantalizing
sweet and sour sauce.
$1.00
life's
University at Bayshore
j^R^UOODS
$
DON'T LET THE NAME SCARE
YOU. DO LET OUR COOKING
SURPRISE YOU.
WON TON
Finely chopped meats !
wrapped in tiny squares
of noodle paste, fried
crisp in peanut oil and
served with a tantalizing
sweet and sour sauce.
$1.00
life's
University at Bayshore
j^R^UOODS
$
DON'T LET THE NAME SCARE
YOU. DO LET OUR COOKING
SURPRISE YOU.
WON TON
Finely chopped meats !
wrapped in tiny squares
of noodle paste, fried
crisp in peanut oil and
served with a tantalizing
sweet and sour sauce.
$1.00
life's
University at Bayshore
j^R^UOODS
$
DON'T LET THE NAME SCARE
YOU. DO LET OUR COOKING
SURPRISE YOU.
WON TON
Finely chopped meats !
wrapped in tiny squares
of noodle paste, fried
crisp in peanut oil and
served with a tantalizing
sweet and sour sauce.
$1.00
life's
University at Bayshore
j^R^UOODS
$
DON'T LET THE NAME SCARE
YOU. DO LET OUR COOKING
SURPRISE YOU.
WON TON
Finely chopped meats !
wrapped in tiny squares
of noodle paste, fried
crisp in peanut oil and
served with a tantalizing
sweet and sour sauce.
$1.00
life's
University at Bayshore
j^R^UOODS
$
DON'T LET THE NAME SCARE
YOU. DO LET OUR COOKING
SURPRISE YOU.
WON TON
Finely chopped meats !
wrapped in tiny squares
of noodle paste, fried
crisp in peanut oil and
served with a tantalizing
sweet and sour sauce.
$1.00
life's
University at Bayshore
j^R^UOODS
$
DON'T LET THE NAME SCARE
YOU. DO LET OUR COOKING
SURPRISE YOU.
WON TON
Finely chopped meats !
wrapped in tiny squares
of noodle paste, fried
crisp in peanut oil and
served with a tantalizing
sweet and sour sauce.
$1.00
life's
University at Bayshore
j^R^UOODS
$
DON'T LET THE NAME SCARE
YOU. DO LET OUR COOKING
SURPRISE YOU.
WON TON
Finely chopped meats !
wrapped in tiny squares
of noodle paste, fried
crisp in peanut oil and
served with a tantalizing
sweet and sour sauce.
$1.00
life's
University at Bayshore
j^R^UOODS
$
DON'T LET THE NAME SCARE
YOU. DO LET OUR COOKING
SURPRISE YOU.
WON TON
Finely chopped meats !
wrapped in tiny squares
of noodle paste, fried
crisp in peanut oil and
served with a tantalizing
sweet and sour sauce.
$1.00
life's
University at Bayshore
j^R^UOODS
$
DON'T LET THE NAME SCARE
YOU. DO LET OUR COOKING
SURPRISE YOU.
WON TON
Finely chopped meats !
wrapped in tiny squares
of noodle paste, fried
crisp in peanut oil and
served with a tantalizing
sweet and sour sauce.
$1.00
life's
University at Bayshore
j^R^UOODS
$
DON'T LET THE NAME SCARE
YOU. DO LET OUR COOKING
SURPRISE YOU.
WON TON
Finely chopped meats !
wrapped in tiny squares
of noodle paste, fried
crisp in peanut oil and
served with a tantalizing
sweet and sour sauce.
$1.00
life's
University at Bayshore
