# Tuesday Deadline For IIK Tryouts
## 
### 
Executive officers of the Stanford
Institute of International Relations,
along witli several other lIR posi
tions, will be chosen by the lIR ex
ecutive board Tuesday. Anyone
who is interested in any of these po
sitions is asked to come to the lIH
office before then to be interviewed
for nominations.
The executive positions open are
president, vice-president, executive
secretary, and treasurer. Other jobs
to be tilled are those of personnel
director, director of public relations,
director of high school UNESCO re
lations, director of speakers' bureau,
and director of the pamphlet and
document library.
Interviews will be held at the lIR
office today from 3:15 to 5:45 p.m.,
tomorrow from 10 a.m. to noon, and
Monday from 4:15 to 5:45 p.m. Pat
Terry is in charge of interviews.
Workers are also needed at the
SIRO office, including people to do
typing.
Executive officers of the Stanford
Institute of International Relations,
along witli several other lIR posi
tions, will be chosen by the lIR ex
ecutive board Tuesday. Anyone
who is interested in any of these po
sitions is asked to come to the lIH
office before then to be interviewed
for nominations.
The executive positions open are
president, vice-president, executive
secretary, and treasurer. Other jobs
to be tilled are those of personnel
director, director of public relations,
director of high school UNESCO re
lations, director of speakers' bureau,
and director of the pamphlet and
document library.
Interviews will be held at the lIR
office today from 3:15 to 5:45 p.m.,
tomorrow from 10 a.m. to noon, and
Monday from 4:15 to 5:45 p.m. Pat
Terry is in charge of interviews.
Workers are also needed at the
SIRO office, including people to do
typing.
Executive officers of the Stanford
Institute of International Relations,
along witli several other lIR posi
tions, will be chosen by the lIR ex
ecutive board Tuesday. Anyone
who is interested in any of these po
sitions is asked to come to the lIH
office before then to be interviewed
for nominations.
The executive positions open are
president, vice-president, executive
secretary, and treasurer. Other jobs
to be tilled are those of personnel
director, director of public relations,
director of high school UNESCO re
lations, director of speakers' bureau,
and director of the pamphlet and
document library.
Interviews will be held at the lIR
office today from 3:15 to 5:45 p.m.,
tomorrow from 10 a.m. to noon, and
Monday from 4:15 to 5:45 p.m. Pat
Terry is in charge of interviews.
Workers are also needed at the
SIRO office, including people to do
typing.
Executive officers of the Stanford
Institute of International Relations,
along witli several other lIR posi
tions, will be chosen by the lIR ex
ecutive board Tuesday. Anyone
who is interested in any of these po
sitions is asked to come to the lIH
office before then to be interviewed
for nominations.
The executive positions open are
president, vice-president, executive
secretary, and treasurer. Other jobs
to be tilled are those of personnel
director, director of public relations,
director of high school UNESCO re
lations, director of speakers' bureau,
and director of the pamphlet and
document library.
Interviews will be held at the lIR
office today from 3:15 to 5:45 p.m.,
tomorrow from 10 a.m. to noon, and
Monday from 4:15 to 5:45 p.m. Pat
Terry is in charge of interviews.
Workers are also needed at the
SIRO office, including people to do
typing.
Executive officers of the Stanford
Institute of International Relations,
along witli several other lIR posi
tions, will be chosen by the lIR ex
ecutive board Tuesday. Anyone
who is interested in any of these po
sitions is asked to come to the lIH
office before then to be interviewed
for nominations.
The executive positions open are
president, vice-president, executive
secretary, and treasurer. Other jobs
to be tilled are those of personnel
director, director of public relations,
director of high school UNESCO re
lations, director of speakers' bureau,
and director of the pamphlet and
document library.
Interviews will be held at the lIR
office today from 3:15 to 5:45 p.m.,
tomorrow from 10 a.m. to noon, and
Monday from 4:15 to 5:45 p.m. Pat
Terry is in charge of interviews.
Workers are also needed at the
SIRO office, including people to do
typing.
Executive officers of the Stanford
Institute of International Relations,
along witli several other lIR posi
tions, will be chosen by the lIR ex
ecutive board Tuesday. Anyone
who is interested in any of these po
sitions is asked to come to the lIH
office before then to be interviewed
for nominations.
The executive positions open are
president, vice-president, executive
secretary, and treasurer. Other jobs
to be tilled are those of personnel
director, director of public relations,
director of high school UNESCO re
lations, director of speakers' bureau,
and director of the pamphlet and
document library.
Interviews will be held at the lIR
office today from 3:15 to 5:45 p.m.,
tomorrow from 10 a.m. to noon, and
Monday from 4:15 to 5:45 p.m. Pat
Terry is in charge of interviews.
Workers are also needed at the
SIRO office, including people to do
typing.
Executive officers of the Stanford
Institute of International Relations,
along witli several other lIR posi
tions, will be chosen by the lIR ex
ecutive board Tuesday. Anyone
who is interested in any of these po
sitions is asked to come to the lIH
office before then to be interviewed
for nominations.
The executive positions open are
president, vice-president, executive
secretary, and treasurer. Other jobs
to be tilled are those of personnel
director, director of public relations,
director of high school UNESCO re
lations, director of speakers' bureau,
and director of the pamphlet and
document library.
Interviews will be held at the lIR
office today from 3:15 to 5:45 p.m.,
tomorrow from 10 a.m. to noon, and
Monday from 4:15 to 5:45 p.m. Pat
Terry is in charge of interviews.
Workers are also needed at the
SIRO office, including people to do
typing.
Executive officers of the Stanford
Institute of International Relations,
along witli several other lIR posi
tions, will be chosen by the lIR ex
ecutive board Tuesday. Anyone
who is interested in any of these po
sitions is asked to come to the lIH
office before then to be interviewed
for nominations.
The executive positions open are
president, vice-president, executive
secretary, and treasurer. Other jobs
to be tilled are those of personnel
director, director of public relations,
director of high school UNESCO re
lations, director of speakers' bureau,
and director of the pamphlet and
document library.
Interviews will be held at the lIR
office today from 3:15 to 5:45 p.m.,
tomorrow from 10 a.m. to noon, and
Monday from 4:15 to 5:45 p.m. Pat
Terry is in charge of interviews.
Workers are also needed at the
SIRO office, including people to do
typing.
Executive officers of the Stanford
Institute of International Relations,
along witli several other lIR posi
tions, will be chosen by the lIR ex
ecutive board Tuesday. Anyone
who is interested in any of these po
sitions is asked to come to the lIH
office before then to be interviewed
for nominations.
The executive positions open are
president, vice-president, executive
secretary, and treasurer. Other jobs
to be tilled are those of personnel
director, director of public relations,
director of high school UNESCO re
lations, director of speakers' bureau,
and director of the pamphlet and
document library.
Interviews will be held at the lIR
office today from 3:15 to 5:45 p.m.,
tomorrow from 10 a.m. to noon, and
Monday from 4:15 to 5:45 p.m. Pat
Terry is in charge of interviews.
Workers are also needed at the
SIRO office, including people to do
typing.
Executive officers of the Stanford
Institute of International Relations,
along witli several other lIR posi
tions, will be chosen by the lIR ex
ecutive board Tuesday. Anyone
who is interested in any of these po
sitions is asked to come to the lIH
office before then to be interviewed
for nominations.
The executive positions open are
president, vice-president, executive
secretary, and treasurer. Other jobs
to be tilled are those of personnel
director, director of public relations,
director of high school UNESCO re
lations, director of speakers' bureau,
and director of the pamphlet and
document library.
Interviews will be held at the lIR
office today from 3:15 to 5:45 p.m.,
tomorrow from 10 a.m. to noon, and
Monday from 4:15 to 5:45 p.m. Pat
Terry is in charge of interviews.
Workers are also needed at the
SIRO office, including people to do
typing.
Executive officers of the Stanford
Institute of International Relations,
along witli several other lIR posi
tions, will be chosen by the lIR ex
ecutive board Tuesday. Anyone
who is interested in any of these po
sitions is asked to come to the lIH
office before then to be interviewed
for nominations.
The executive positions open are
president, vice-president, executive
secretary, and treasurer. Other jobs
to be tilled are those of personnel
director, director of public relations,
director of high school UNESCO re
lations, director of speakers' bureau,
and director of the pamphlet and
document library.
Interviews will be held at the lIR
office today from 3:15 to 5:45 p.m.,
tomorrow from 10 a.m. to noon, and
Monday from 4:15 to 5:45 p.m. Pat
Terry is in charge of interviews.
Workers are also needed at the
SIRO office, including people to do
typing.
Executive officers of the Stanford
Institute of International Relations,
along witli several other lIR posi
tions, will be chosen by the lIR ex
ecutive board Tuesday. Anyone
who is interested in any of these po
sitions is asked to come to the lIH
office before then to be interviewed
for nominations.
The executive positions open are
president, vice-president, executive
secretary, and treasurer. Other jobs
to be tilled are those of personnel
director, director of public relations,
director of high school UNESCO re
lations, director of speakers' bureau,
and director of the pamphlet and
document library.
Interviews will be held at the lIR
office today from 3:15 to 5:45 p.m.,
tomorrow from 10 a.m. to noon, and
Monday from 4:15 to 5:45 p.m. Pat
Terry is in charge of interviews.
Workers are also needed at the
SIRO office, including people to do
typing.
Executive officers of the Stanford
Institute of International Relations,
along witli several other lIR posi
tions, will be chosen by the lIR ex
ecutive board Tuesday. Anyone
who is interested in any of these po
sitions is asked to come to the lIH
office before then to be interviewed
for nominations.
The executive positions open are
president, vice-president, executive
secretary, and treasurer. Other jobs
to be tilled are those of personnel
director, director of public relations,
director of high school UNESCO re
lations, director of speakers' bureau,
and director of the pamphlet and
document library.
Interviews will be held at the lIR
office today from 3:15 to 5:45 p.m.,
tomorrow from 10 a.m. to noon, and
Monday from 4:15 to 5:45 p.m. Pat
Terry is in charge of interviews.
Workers are also needed at the
SIRO office, including people to do
typing.
Executive officers of the Stanford
Institute of International Relations,
along witli several other lIR posi
tions, will be chosen by the lIR ex
ecutive board Tuesday. Anyone
who is interested in any of these po
sitions is asked to come to the lIH
office before then to be interviewed
for nominations.
The executive positions open are
president, vice-president, executive
secretary, and treasurer. Other jobs
to be tilled are those of personnel
director, director of public relations,
director of high school UNESCO re
lations, director of speakers' bureau,
and director of the pamphlet and
document library.
Interviews will be held at the lIR
office today from 3:15 to 5:45 p.m.,
tomorrow from 10 a.m. to noon, and
Monday from 4:15 to 5:45 p.m. Pat
Terry is in charge of interviews.
Workers are also needed at the
SIRO office, including people to do
typing.
