# Ruggers Meet University
## 
### 
The Stanford ruggers will try and
make it two in a row tomorrow af
ternoon when they take on the Uni
versity Club at 2 on the local field.
If the weather is good and the field
hard and fast, the game will be
played in the stadium; otherwise the
rugby field will be the scene of
action.
The Stanford ruggers will try and
make it two in a row tomorrow af
ternoon when they take on the Uni
versity Club at 2 on the local field.
If the weather is good and the field
hard and fast, the game will be
played in the stadium; otherwise the
rugby field will be the scene of
action.
The Stanford ruggers will try and
make it two in a row tomorrow af
ternoon when they take on the Uni
versity Club at 2 on the local field.
If the weather is good and the field
hard and fast, the game will be
played in the stadium; otherwise the
rugby field will be the scene of
action.
The Stanford ruggers will try and
make it two in a row tomorrow af
ternoon when they take on the Uni
versity Club at 2 on the local field.
If the weather is good and the field
hard and fast, the game will be
played in the stadium; otherwise the
rugby field will be the scene of
action.
The Stanford ruggers will try and
make it two in a row tomorrow af
ternoon when they take on the Uni
versity Club at 2 on the local field.
If the weather is good and the field
hard and fast, the game will be
played in the stadium; otherwise the
rugby field will be the scene of
action.
The Stanford ruggers will try and
make it two in a row tomorrow af
ternoon when they take on the Uni
versity Club at 2 on the local field.
If the weather is good and the field
hard and fast, the game will be
played in the stadium; otherwise the
rugby field will be the scene of
action.
The Stanford ruggers will try and
make it two in a row tomorrow af
ternoon when they take on the Uni
versity Club at 2 on the local field.
If the weather is good and the field
hard and fast, the game will be
played in the stadium; otherwise the
rugby field will be the scene of
action.
The Stanford ruggers will try and
make it two in a row tomorrow af
ternoon when they take on the Uni
versity Club at 2 on the local field.
If the weather is good and the field
hard and fast, the game will be
played in the stadium; otherwise the
rugby field will be the scene of
action.
The Stanford ruggers will try and
make it two in a row tomorrow af
ternoon when they take on the Uni
versity Club at 2 on the local field.
If the weather is good and the field
hard and fast, the game will be
played in the stadium; otherwise the
rugby field will be the scene of
action.
The Stanford ruggers will try and
make it two in a row tomorrow af
ternoon when they take on the Uni
versity Club at 2 on the local field.
If the weather is good and the field
hard and fast, the game will be
played in the stadium; otherwise the
rugby field will be the scene of
action.
The Stanford ruggers will try and
make it two in a row tomorrow af
ternoon when they take on the Uni
versity Club at 2 on the local field.
If the weather is good and the field
hard and fast, the game will be
played in the stadium; otherwise the
rugby field will be the scene of
action.
The Stanford ruggers will try and
make it two in a row tomorrow af
ternoon when they take on the Uni
versity Club at 2 on the local field.
If the weather is good and the field
hard and fast, the game will be
played in the stadium; otherwise the
rugby field will be the scene of
action.
The Stanford ruggers will try and
make it two in a row tomorrow af
ternoon when they take on the Uni
versity Club at 2 on the local field.
If the weather is good and the field
hard and fast, the game will be
played in the stadium; otherwise the
rugby field will be the scene of
action.
The Stanford ruggers will try and
make it two in a row tomorrow af
ternoon when they take on the Uni
versity Club at 2 on the local field.
If the weather is good and the field
hard and fast, the game will be
played in the stadium; otherwise the
rugby field will be the scene of
action.
