# SPONSORS
## 
### 
Applications for men who wish to
sponsor next year arc available at
the ASSU oflicc. Interviews will be
held next Thursday and Friday from
2 to 4 p.m.
Applications for men who wish to
sponsor next year arc available at
the ASSU oflicc. Interviews will be
held next Thursday and Friday from
2 to 4 p.m.
Applications for men who wish to
sponsor next year arc available at
the ASSU oflicc. Interviews will be
held next Thursday and Friday from
2 to 4 p.m.
Applications for men who wish to
sponsor next year arc available at
the ASSU oflicc. Interviews will be
held next Thursday and Friday from
2 to 4 p.m.
Applications for men who wish to
sponsor next year arc available at
the ASSU oflicc. Interviews will be
held next Thursday and Friday from
2 to 4 p.m.
Applications for men who wish to
sponsor next year arc available at
the ASSU oflicc. Interviews will be
held next Thursday and Friday from
2 to 4 p.m.
Applications for men who wish to
sponsor next year arc available at
the ASSU oflicc. Interviews will be
held next Thursday and Friday from
2 to 4 p.m.
Applications for men who wish to
sponsor next year arc available at
the ASSU oflicc. Interviews will be
held next Thursday and Friday from
2 to 4 p.m.
Applications for men who wish to
sponsor next year arc available at
the ASSU oflicc. Interviews will be
held next Thursday and Friday from
2 to 4 p.m.
Applications for men who wish to
sponsor next year arc available at
the ASSU oflicc. Interviews will be
held next Thursday and Friday from
2 to 4 p.m.
Applications for men who wish to
sponsor next year arc available at
the ASSU oflicc. Interviews will be
held next Thursday and Friday from
2 to 4 p.m.
Applications for men who wish to
sponsor next year arc available at
the ASSU oflicc. Interviews will be
held next Thursday and Friday from
2 to 4 p.m.
Applications for men who wish to
sponsor next year arc available at
the ASSU oflicc. Interviews will be
held next Thursday and Friday from
2 to 4 p.m.
Applications for men who wish to
sponsor next year arc available at
the ASSU oflicc. Interviews will be
held next Thursday and Friday from
2 to 4 p.m.
Applications for men who wish to
sponsor next year arc available at
the ASSU oflicc. Interviews will be
held next Thursday and Friday from
2 to 4 p.m.
