# Brave Five Meets Mateans, Sailors
## 
### 
The Stanford Braves tangle with
College of San Mateo and Alameda
Naval Air Station in a pair of bas
ketball games scheduled for this
weekend.
Friday afternoon at 3:45, Coach
George Lynn will send his Braves
out to meet the San Mateans, who
are having a good season sparked by
slender forward Ned Fitzgerald, who
is averaging 21 points a game.
Alameda NAS attacks the locals at
8 p.m. Saturday night. Both the
Braves and Alameda handily defeat
ed a common opponent, Moflett
Field.
The Stanford Braves tangle with
College of San Mateo and Alameda
Naval Air Station in a pair of bas
ketball games scheduled for this
weekend.
Friday afternoon at 3:45, Coach
George Lynn will send his Braves
out to meet the San Mateans, who
are having a good season sparked by
slender forward Ned Fitzgerald, who
is averaging 21 points a game.
Alameda NAS attacks the locals at
8 p.m. Saturday night. Both the
Braves and Alameda handily defeat
ed a common opponent, Moflett
Field.
The Stanford Braves tangle with
College of San Mateo and Alameda
Naval Air Station in a pair of bas
ketball games scheduled for this
weekend.
Friday afternoon at 3:45, Coach
George Lynn will send his Braves
out to meet the San Mateans, who
are having a good season sparked by
slender forward Ned Fitzgerald, who
is averaging 21 points a game.
Alameda NAS attacks the locals at
8 p.m. Saturday night. Both the
Braves and Alameda handily defeat
ed a common opponent, Moflett
Field.
The Stanford Braves tangle with
College of San Mateo and Alameda
Naval Air Station in a pair of bas
ketball games scheduled for this
weekend.
Friday afternoon at 3:45, Coach
George Lynn will send his Braves
out to meet the San Mateans, who
are having a good season sparked by
slender forward Ned Fitzgerald, who
is averaging 21 points a game.
Alameda NAS attacks the locals at
8 p.m. Saturday night. Both the
Braves and Alameda handily defeat
ed a common opponent, Moflett
Field.
The Stanford Braves tangle with
College of San Mateo and Alameda
Naval Air Station in a pair of bas
ketball games scheduled for this
weekend.
Friday afternoon at 3:45, Coach
George Lynn will send his Braves
out to meet the San Mateans, who
are having a good season sparked by
slender forward Ned Fitzgerald, who
is averaging 21 points a game.
Alameda NAS attacks the locals at
8 p.m. Saturday night. Both the
Braves and Alameda handily defeat
ed a common opponent, Moflett
Field.
The Stanford Braves tangle with
College of San Mateo and Alameda
Naval Air Station in a pair of bas
ketball games scheduled for this
weekend.
Friday afternoon at 3:45, Coach
George Lynn will send his Braves
out to meet the San Mateans, who
are having a good season sparked by
slender forward Ned Fitzgerald, who
is averaging 21 points a game.
Alameda NAS attacks the locals at
8 p.m. Saturday night. Both the
Braves and Alameda handily defeat
ed a common opponent, Moflett
Field.
The Stanford Braves tangle with
College of San Mateo and Alameda
Naval Air Station in a pair of bas
ketball games scheduled for this
weekend.
Friday afternoon at 3:45, Coach
George Lynn will send his Braves
out to meet the San Mateans, who
are having a good season sparked by
slender forward Ned Fitzgerald, who
is averaging 21 points a game.
Alameda NAS attacks the locals at
8 p.m. Saturday night. Both the
Braves and Alameda handily defeat
ed a common opponent, Moflett
Field.
The Stanford Braves tangle with
College of San Mateo and Alameda
Naval Air Station in a pair of bas
ketball games scheduled for this
weekend.
Friday afternoon at 3:45, Coach
George Lynn will send his Braves
out to meet the San Mateans, who
are having a good season sparked by
slender forward Ned Fitzgerald, who
is averaging 21 points a game.
Alameda NAS attacks the locals at
8 p.m. Saturday night. Both the
Braves and Alameda handily defeat
ed a common opponent, Moflett
Field.
The Stanford Braves tangle with
College of San Mateo and Alameda
Naval Air Station in a pair of bas
ketball games scheduled for this
weekend.
Friday afternoon at 3:45, Coach
George Lynn will send his Braves
out to meet the San Mateans, who
are having a good season sparked by
slender forward Ned Fitzgerald, who
is averaging 21 points a game.
Alameda NAS attacks the locals at
8 p.m. Saturday night. Both the
Braves and Alameda handily defeat
ed a common opponent, Moflett
Field.
The Stanford Braves tangle with
College of San Mateo and Alameda
Naval Air Station in a pair of bas
ketball games scheduled for this
weekend.
Friday afternoon at 3:45, Coach
George Lynn will send his Braves
out to meet the San Mateans, who
are having a good season sparked by
slender forward Ned Fitzgerald, who
is averaging 21 points a game.
Alameda NAS attacks the locals at
8 p.m. Saturday night. Both the
Braves and Alameda handily defeat
ed a common opponent, Moflett
Field.
The Stanford Braves tangle with
College of San Mateo and Alameda
Naval Air Station in a pair of bas
ketball games scheduled for this
weekend.
Friday afternoon at 3:45, Coach
George Lynn will send his Braves
out to meet the San Mateans, who
are having a good season sparked by
slender forward Ned Fitzgerald, who
is averaging 21 points a game.
Alameda NAS attacks the locals at
8 p.m. Saturday night. Both the
Braves and Alameda handily defeat
ed a common opponent, Moflett
Field.
The Stanford Braves tangle with
College of San Mateo and Alameda
Naval Air Station in a pair of bas
ketball games scheduled for this
weekend.
Friday afternoon at 3:45, Coach
George Lynn will send his Braves
out to meet the San Mateans, who
are having a good season sparked by
slender forward Ned Fitzgerald, who
is averaging 21 points a game.
Alameda NAS attacks the locals at
8 p.m. Saturday night. Both the
Braves and Alameda handily defeat
ed a common opponent, Moflett
Field.
The Stanford Braves tangle with
College of San Mateo and Alameda
Naval Air Station in a pair of bas
ketball games scheduled for this
weekend.
Friday afternoon at 3:45, Coach
George Lynn will send his Braves
out to meet the San Mateans, who
are having a good season sparked by
slender forward Ned Fitzgerald, who
is averaging 21 points a game.
Alameda NAS attacks the locals at
8 p.m. Saturday night. Both the
Braves and Alameda handily defeat
ed a common opponent, Moflett
Field.
The Stanford Braves tangle with
College of San Mateo and Alameda
Naval Air Station in a pair of bas
ketball games scheduled for this
weekend.
Friday afternoon at 3:45, Coach
George Lynn will send his Braves
out to meet the San Mateans, who
are having a good season sparked by
slender forward Ned Fitzgerald, who
is averaging 21 points a game.
Alameda NAS attacks the locals at
8 p.m. Saturday night. Both the
Braves and Alameda handily defeat
ed a common opponent, Moflett
Field.
The Stanford Braves tangle with
College of San Mateo and Alameda
Naval Air Station in a pair of bas
ketball games scheduled for this
weekend.
Friday afternoon at 3:45, Coach
George Lynn will send his Braves
out to meet the San Mateans, who
are having a good season sparked by
slender forward Ned Fitzgerald, who
is averaging 21 points a game.
Alameda NAS attacks the locals at
8 p.m. Saturday night. Both the
Braves and Alameda handily defeat
ed a common opponent, Moflett
Field.
