# Deadline Is Tuesday For Paying Quad Bill, Listing New Pledges
## 
### 
Quad bills for the 1955-56 year-
I book must be paid by Tuesday,
according to Sales Manager Jan
Morris.
Prices are 86.50 and $6.75, tlie
latter price including name en
graved on the cover. The Quad's
mailing address is P.O.* Box 100.
Tuesday is also the deadline for
fraternities and eating clubs to
hand in lists of new pledges for
the yearbook.
Quad bills for the 1955-56 year-
I book must be paid by Tuesday,
according to Sales Manager Jan
Morris.
Prices are 86.50 and $6.75, tlie
latter price including name en
graved on the cover. The Quad's
mailing address is P.O.* Box 100.
Tuesday is also the deadline for
fraternities and eating clubs to
hand in lists of new pledges for
the yearbook.
Quad bills for the 1955-56 year-
I book must be paid by Tuesday,
according to Sales Manager Jan
Morris.
Prices are 86.50 and $6.75, tlie
latter price including name en
graved on the cover. The Quad's
mailing address is P.O.* Box 100.
Tuesday is also the deadline for
fraternities and eating clubs to
hand in lists of new pledges for
the yearbook.
Quad bills for the 1955-56 year-
I book must be paid by Tuesday,
according to Sales Manager Jan
Morris.
Prices are 86.50 and $6.75, tlie
latter price including name en
graved on the cover. The Quad's
mailing address is P.O.* Box 100.
Tuesday is also the deadline for
fraternities and eating clubs to
hand in lists of new pledges for
the yearbook.
Quad bills for the 1955-56 year-
I book must be paid by Tuesday,
according to Sales Manager Jan
Morris.
Prices are 86.50 and $6.75, tlie
latter price including name en
graved on the cover. The Quad's
mailing address is P.O.* Box 100.
Tuesday is also the deadline for
fraternities and eating clubs to
hand in lists of new pledges for
the yearbook.
Quad bills for the 1955-56 year-
I book must be paid by Tuesday,
according to Sales Manager Jan
Morris.
Prices are 86.50 and $6.75, tlie
latter price including name en
graved on the cover. The Quad's
mailing address is P.O.* Box 100.
Tuesday is also the deadline for
fraternities and eating clubs to
hand in lists of new pledges for
the yearbook.
Quad bills for the 1955-56 year-
I book must be paid by Tuesday,
according to Sales Manager Jan
Morris.
Prices are 86.50 and $6.75, tlie
latter price including name en
graved on the cover. The Quad's
mailing address is P.O.* Box 100.
Tuesday is also the deadline for
fraternities and eating clubs to
hand in lists of new pledges for
the yearbook.
Quad bills for the 1955-56 year-
I book must be paid by Tuesday,
according to Sales Manager Jan
Morris.
Prices are 86.50 and $6.75, tlie
latter price including name en
graved on the cover. The Quad's
mailing address is P.O.* Box 100.
Tuesday is also the deadline for
fraternities and eating clubs to
hand in lists of new pledges for
the yearbook.
Quad bills for the 1955-56 year-
I book must be paid by Tuesday,
according to Sales Manager Jan
Morris.
Prices are 86.50 and $6.75, tlie
latter price including name en
graved on the cover. The Quad's
mailing address is P.O.* Box 100.
Tuesday is also the deadline for
fraternities and eating clubs to
hand in lists of new pledges for
the yearbook.
Quad bills for the 1955-56 year-
I book must be paid by Tuesday,
according to Sales Manager Jan
Morris.
Prices are 86.50 and $6.75, tlie
latter price including name en
graved on the cover. The Quad's
mailing address is P.O.* Box 100.
Tuesday is also the deadline for
fraternities and eating clubs to
hand in lists of new pledges for
the yearbook.
Quad bills for the 1955-56 year-
I book must be paid by Tuesday,
according to Sales Manager Jan
Morris.
Prices are 86.50 and $6.75, tlie
latter price including name en
graved on the cover. The Quad's
mailing address is P.O.* Box 100.
Tuesday is also the deadline for
fraternities and eating clubs to
hand in lists of new pledges for
the yearbook.
Quad bills for the 1955-56 year-
I book must be paid by Tuesday,
according to Sales Manager Jan
Morris.
Prices are 86.50 and $6.75, tlie
latter price including name en
graved on the cover. The Quad's
mailing address is P.O.* Box 100.
Tuesday is also the deadline for
fraternities and eating clubs to
hand in lists of new pledges for
the yearbook.
Quad bills for the 1955-56 year-
I book must be paid by Tuesday,
according to Sales Manager Jan
Morris.
Prices are 86.50 and $6.75, tlie
latter price including name en
graved on the cover. The Quad's
mailing address is P.O.* Box 100.
Tuesday is also the deadline for
fraternities and eating clubs to
hand in lists of new pledges for
the yearbook.
Quad bills for the 1955-56 year-
I book must be paid by Tuesday,
according to Sales Manager Jan
Morris.
Prices are 86.50 and $6.75, tlie
latter price including name en
graved on the cover. The Quad's
mailing address is P.O.* Box 100.
Tuesday is also the deadline for
fraternities and eating clubs to
hand in lists of new pledges for
the yearbook.
Quad bills for the 1955-56 year-
I book must be paid by Tuesday,
according to Sales Manager Jan
Morris.
Prices are 86.50 and $6.75, tlie
latter price including name en
graved on the cover. The Quad's
mailing address is P.O.* Box 100.
Tuesday is also the deadline for
fraternities and eating clubs to
hand in lists of new pledges for
the yearbook.
