# Man Without a Party
## 
### 

REJECTED -The Senate rejected a new attempt to restore Inde
pendent Senator Wayne Morse of Oregon (right) to committee
assignments that he lost last year. Democrat Senator Estes Ke
fauver (left) of Tennessee was one of 19 sponsors of the pro
posal. —NEA Telephoto

REJECTED -The Senate rejected a new attempt to restore Inde
pendent Senator Wayne Morse of Oregon (right) to committee
assignments that he lost last year. Democrat Senator Estes Ke
fauver (left) of Tennessee was one of 19 sponsors of the pro
posal. —NEA Telephoto

REJECTED -The Senate rejected a new attempt to restore Inde
pendent Senator Wayne Morse of Oregon (right) to committee
assignments that he lost last year. Democrat Senator Estes Ke
fauver (left) of Tennessee was one of 19 sponsors of the pro
posal. —NEA Telephoto

REJECTED -The Senate rejected a new attempt to restore Inde
pendent Senator Wayne Morse of Oregon (right) to committee
assignments that he lost last year. Democrat Senator Estes Ke
fauver (left) of Tennessee was one of 19 sponsors of the pro
posal. —NEA Telephoto

REJECTED -The Senate rejected a new attempt to restore Inde
pendent Senator Wayne Morse of Oregon (right) to committee
assignments that he lost last year. Democrat Senator Estes Ke
fauver (left) of Tennessee was one of 19 sponsors of the pro
posal. —NEA Telephoto

REJECTED -The Senate rejected a new attempt to restore Inde
pendent Senator Wayne Morse of Oregon (right) to committee
assignments that he lost last year. Democrat Senator Estes Ke
fauver (left) of Tennessee was one of 19 sponsors of the pro
posal. —NEA Telephoto

REJECTED -The Senate rejected a new attempt to restore Inde
pendent Senator Wayne Morse of Oregon (right) to committee
assignments that he lost last year. Democrat Senator Estes Ke
fauver (left) of Tennessee was one of 19 sponsors of the pro
posal. —NEA Telephoto

REJECTED -The Senate rejected a new attempt to restore Inde
pendent Senator Wayne Morse of Oregon (right) to committee
assignments that he lost last year. Democrat Senator Estes Ke
fauver (left) of Tennessee was one of 19 sponsors of the pro
posal. —NEA Telephoto

REJECTED -The Senate rejected a new attempt to restore Inde
pendent Senator Wayne Morse of Oregon (right) to committee
assignments that he lost last year. Democrat Senator Estes Ke
fauver (left) of Tennessee was one of 19 sponsors of the pro
posal. —NEA Telephoto

REJECTED -The Senate rejected a new attempt to restore Inde
pendent Senator Wayne Morse of Oregon (right) to committee
assignments that he lost last year. Democrat Senator Estes Ke
fauver (left) of Tennessee was one of 19 sponsors of the pro
posal. —NEA Telephoto

REJECTED -The Senate rejected a new attempt to restore Inde
pendent Senator Wayne Morse of Oregon (right) to committee
assignments that he lost last year. Democrat Senator Estes Ke
fauver (left) of Tennessee was one of 19 sponsors of the pro
posal. —NEA Telephoto

REJECTED -The Senate rejected a new attempt to restore Inde
pendent Senator Wayne Morse of Oregon (right) to committee
assignments that he lost last year. Democrat Senator Estes Ke
fauver (left) of Tennessee was one of 19 sponsors of the pro
posal. —NEA Telephoto

REJECTED -The Senate rejected a new attempt to restore Inde
pendent Senator Wayne Morse of Oregon (right) to committee
assignments that he lost last year. Democrat Senator Estes Ke
fauver (left) of Tennessee was one of 19 sponsors of the pro
posal. —NEA Telephoto

REJECTED -The Senate rejected a new attempt to restore Inde
pendent Senator Wayne Morse of Oregon (right) to committee
assignments that he lost last year. Democrat Senator Estes Ke
fauver (left) of Tennessee was one of 19 sponsors of the pro
posal. —NEA Telephoto
