# SWIFT JUSTICE METED OUT TO KIDNAPERS
## 
### 


Twenty-four hours after their capture in Los Angeles, three kidnapers had pleaded guilty and wei _ e
sentenced to life imprisonment for the abduction of William F. Gettle who was J" escued m a po'ieo raid.
Upper: the trio hears pronouncement of sentence. They are in the center dressed m blue denims, left to
right: Roy Williams, Larry Kerrigan, James E. Kirk. Lower: a closeup of the confessed kidnapers. Left
rjght: Kirk, Kerrigan and Williams. (Associated Press Photos)


Twenty-four hours after their capture in Los Angeles, three kidnapers had pleaded guilty and wei _ e
sentenced to life imprisonment for the abduction of William F. Gettle who was J" escued m a po'ieo raid.
Upper: the trio hears pronouncement of sentence. They are in the center dressed m blue denims, left to
right: Roy Williams, Larry Kerrigan, James E. Kirk. Lower: a closeup of the confessed kidnapers. Left
rjght: Kirk, Kerrigan and Williams. (Associated Press Photos)


Twenty-four hours after their capture in Los Angeles, three kidnapers had pleaded guilty and wei _ e
sentenced to life imprisonment for the abduction of William F. Gettle who was J" escued m a po'ieo raid.
Upper: the trio hears pronouncement of sentence. They are in the center dressed m blue denims, left to
right: Roy Williams, Larry Kerrigan, James E. Kirk. Lower: a closeup of the confessed kidnapers. Left
rjght: Kirk, Kerrigan and Williams. (Associated Press Photos)


Twenty-four hours after their capture in Los Angeles, three kidnapers had pleaded guilty and wei _ e
sentenced to life imprisonment for the abduction of William F. Gettle who was J" escued m a po'ieo raid.
Upper: the trio hears pronouncement of sentence. They are in the center dressed m blue denims, left to
right: Roy Williams, Larry Kerrigan, James E. Kirk. Lower: a closeup of the confessed kidnapers. Left
rjght: Kirk, Kerrigan and Williams. (Associated Press Photos)


Twenty-four hours after their capture in Los Angeles, three kidnapers had pleaded guilty and wei _ e
sentenced to life imprisonment for the abduction of William F. Gettle who was J" escued m a po'ieo raid.
Upper: the trio hears pronouncement of sentence. They are in the center dressed m blue denims, left to
right: Roy Williams, Larry Kerrigan, James E. Kirk. Lower: a closeup of the confessed kidnapers. Left
rjght: Kirk, Kerrigan and Williams. (Associated Press Photos)


Twenty-four hours after their capture in Los Angeles, three kidnapers had pleaded guilty and wei _ e
sentenced to life imprisonment for the abduction of William F. Gettle who was J" escued m a po'ieo raid.
Upper: the trio hears pronouncement of sentence. They are in the center dressed m blue denims, left to
right: Roy Williams, Larry Kerrigan, James E. Kirk. Lower: a closeup of the confessed kidnapers. Left
rjght: Kirk, Kerrigan and Williams. (Associated Press Photos)


Twenty-four hours after their capture in Los Angeles, three kidnapers had pleaded guilty and wei _ e
sentenced to life imprisonment for the abduction of William F. Gettle who was J" escued m a po'ieo raid.
Upper: the trio hears pronouncement of sentence. They are in the center dressed m blue denims, left to
right: Roy Williams, Larry Kerrigan, James E. Kirk. Lower: a closeup of the confessed kidnapers. Left
rjght: Kirk, Kerrigan and Williams. (Associated Press Photos)


Twenty-four hours after their capture in Los Angeles, three kidnapers had pleaded guilty and wei _ e
sentenced to life imprisonment for the abduction of William F. Gettle who was J" escued m a po'ieo raid.
Upper: the trio hears pronouncement of sentence. They are in the center dressed m blue denims, left to
right: Roy Williams, Larry Kerrigan, James E. Kirk. Lower: a closeup of the confessed kidnapers. Left
rjght: Kirk, Kerrigan and Williams. (Associated Press Photos)


Twenty-four hours after their capture in Los Angeles, three kidnapers had pleaded guilty and wei _ e
sentenced to life imprisonment for the abduction of William F. Gettle who was J" escued m a po'ieo raid.
Upper: the trio hears pronouncement of sentence. They are in the center dressed m blue denims, left to
right: Roy Williams, Larry Kerrigan, James E. Kirk. Lower: a closeup of the confessed kidnapers. Left
rjght: Kirk, Kerrigan and Williams. (Associated Press Photos)


Twenty-four hours after their capture in Los Angeles, three kidnapers had pleaded guilty and wei _ e
sentenced to life imprisonment for the abduction of William F. Gettle who was J" escued m a po'ieo raid.
Upper: the trio hears pronouncement of sentence. They are in the center dressed m blue denims, left to
right: Roy Williams, Larry Kerrigan, James E. Kirk. Lower: a closeup of the confessed kidnapers. Left
rjght: Kirk, Kerrigan and Williams. (Associated Press Photos)


Twenty-four hours after their capture in Los Angeles, three kidnapers had pleaded guilty and wei _ e
sentenced to life imprisonment for the abduction of William F. Gettle who was J" escued m a po'ieo raid.
Upper: the trio hears pronouncement of sentence. They are in the center dressed m blue denims, left to
right: Roy Williams, Larry Kerrigan, James E. Kirk. Lower: a closeup of the confessed kidnapers. Left
rjght: Kirk, Kerrigan and Williams. (Associated Press Photos)


Twenty-four hours after their capture in Los Angeles, three kidnapers had pleaded guilty and wei _ e
sentenced to life imprisonment for the abduction of William F. Gettle who was J" escued m a po'ieo raid.
Upper: the trio hears pronouncement of sentence. They are in the center dressed m blue denims, left to
right: Roy Williams, Larry Kerrigan, James E. Kirk. Lower: a closeup of the confessed kidnapers. Left
rjght: Kirk, Kerrigan and Williams. (Associated Press Photos)


Twenty-four hours after their capture in Los Angeles, three kidnapers had pleaded guilty and wei _ e
sentenced to life imprisonment for the abduction of William F. Gettle who was J" escued m a po'ieo raid.
Upper: the trio hears pronouncement of sentence. They are in the center dressed m blue denims, left to
right: Roy Williams, Larry Kerrigan, James E. Kirk. Lower: a closeup of the confessed kidnapers. Left
rjght: Kirk, Kerrigan and Williams. (Associated Press Photos)


Twenty-four hours after their capture in Los Angeles, three kidnapers had pleaded guilty and wei _ e
sentenced to life imprisonment for the abduction of William F. Gettle who was J" escued m a po'ieo raid.
Upper: the trio hears pronouncement of sentence. They are in the center dressed m blue denims, left to
right: Roy Williams, Larry Kerrigan, James E. Kirk. Lower: a closeup of the confessed kidnapers. Left
rjght: Kirk, Kerrigan and Williams. (Associated Press Photos)


Twenty-four hours after their capture in Los Angeles, three kidnapers had pleaded guilty and wei _ e
sentenced to life imprisonment for the abduction of William F. Gettle who was J" escued m a po'ieo raid.
Upper: the trio hears pronouncement of sentence. They are in the center dressed m blue denims, left to
right: Roy Williams, Larry Kerrigan, James E. Kirk. Lower: a closeup of the confessed kidnapers. Left
rjght: Kirk, Kerrigan and Williams. (Associated Press Photos)
