# GLEDHILL DEFEATED IN EASTERN TENNIS
## 
### 
Keith Gledhill, Stanford's intercol
legiate net champion, was defeated in
the second round of the eastern 4 urf
couxt championship by an unseeded
Texas player, Jake Hess, Jr., to regis
ter a big upset at the Westchester
Country Club, Rye, N. Y. The score
was 6-4, 6-1.
Reports say that Gledhill was clearly
off his game and could not meet the
hard volleying of his less experienced
opponent. The Stanford sophomore is
still a candidate for the doubles hon
ors, however, with his fellow Califor
nian, Ellsworth Vines of Pasadena.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford's intercol
legiate net champion, was defeated in
the second round of the eastern 4 urf
couxt championship by an unseeded
Texas player, Jake Hess, Jr., to regis
ter a big upset at the Westchester
Country Club, Rye, N. Y. The score
was 6-4, 6-1.
Reports say that Gledhill was clearly
off his game and could not meet the
hard volleying of his less experienced
opponent. The Stanford sophomore is
still a candidate for the doubles hon
ors, however, with his fellow Califor
nian, Ellsworth Vines of Pasadena.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford's intercol
legiate net champion, was defeated in
the second round of the eastern 4 urf
couxt championship by an unseeded
Texas player, Jake Hess, Jr., to regis
ter a big upset at the Westchester
Country Club, Rye, N. Y. The score
was 6-4, 6-1.
Reports say that Gledhill was clearly
off his game and could not meet the
hard volleying of his less experienced
opponent. The Stanford sophomore is
still a candidate for the doubles hon
ors, however, with his fellow Califor
nian, Ellsworth Vines of Pasadena.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford's intercol
legiate net champion, was defeated in
the second round of the eastern 4 urf
couxt championship by an unseeded
Texas player, Jake Hess, Jr., to regis
ter a big upset at the Westchester
Country Club, Rye, N. Y. The score
was 6-4, 6-1.
Reports say that Gledhill was clearly
off his game and could not meet the
hard volleying of his less experienced
opponent. The Stanford sophomore is
still a candidate for the doubles hon
ors, however, with his fellow Califor
nian, Ellsworth Vines of Pasadena.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford's intercol
legiate net champion, was defeated in
the second round of the eastern 4 urf
couxt championship by an unseeded
Texas player, Jake Hess, Jr., to regis
ter a big upset at the Westchester
Country Club, Rye, N. Y. The score
was 6-4, 6-1.
Reports say that Gledhill was clearly
off his game and could not meet the
hard volleying of his less experienced
opponent. The Stanford sophomore is
still a candidate for the doubles hon
ors, however, with his fellow Califor
nian, Ellsworth Vines of Pasadena.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford's intercol
legiate net champion, was defeated in
the second round of the eastern 4 urf
couxt championship by an unseeded
Texas player, Jake Hess, Jr., to regis
ter a big upset at the Westchester
Country Club, Rye, N. Y. The score
was 6-4, 6-1.
Reports say that Gledhill was clearly
off his game and could not meet the
hard volleying of his less experienced
opponent. The Stanford sophomore is
still a candidate for the doubles hon
ors, however, with his fellow Califor
nian, Ellsworth Vines of Pasadena.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford's intercol
legiate net champion, was defeated in
the second round of the eastern 4 urf
couxt championship by an unseeded
Texas player, Jake Hess, Jr., to regis
ter a big upset at the Westchester
Country Club, Rye, N. Y. The score
was 6-4, 6-1.
Reports say that Gledhill was clearly
off his game and could not meet the
hard volleying of his less experienced
opponent. The Stanford sophomore is
still a candidate for the doubles hon
ors, however, with his fellow Califor
nian, Ellsworth Vines of Pasadena.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford's intercol
legiate net champion, was defeated in
the second round of the eastern 4 urf
couxt championship by an unseeded
Texas player, Jake Hess, Jr., to regis
ter a big upset at the Westchester
Country Club, Rye, N. Y. The score
was 6-4, 6-1.
Reports say that Gledhill was clearly
off his game and could not meet the
hard volleying of his less experienced
opponent. The Stanford sophomore is
still a candidate for the doubles hon
ors, however, with his fellow Califor
nian, Ellsworth Vines of Pasadena.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford's intercol
legiate net champion, was defeated in
the second round of the eastern 4 urf
couxt championship by an unseeded
Texas player, Jake Hess, Jr., to regis
ter a big upset at the Westchester
Country Club, Rye, N. Y. The score
was 6-4, 6-1.
Reports say that Gledhill was clearly
off his game and could not meet the
hard volleying of his less experienced
opponent. The Stanford sophomore is
still a candidate for the doubles hon
ors, however, with his fellow Califor
nian, Ellsworth Vines of Pasadena.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford's intercol
legiate net champion, was defeated in
the second round of the eastern 4 urf
couxt championship by an unseeded
Texas player, Jake Hess, Jr., to regis
ter a big upset at the Westchester
Country Club, Rye, N. Y. The score
was 6-4, 6-1.
Reports say that Gledhill was clearly
off his game and could not meet the
hard volleying of his less experienced
opponent. The Stanford sophomore is
still a candidate for the doubles hon
ors, however, with his fellow Califor
nian, Ellsworth Vines of Pasadena.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford's intercol
legiate net champion, was defeated in
the second round of the eastern 4 urf
couxt championship by an unseeded
Texas player, Jake Hess, Jr., to regis
ter a big upset at the Westchester
Country Club, Rye, N. Y. The score
was 6-4, 6-1.
Reports say that Gledhill was clearly
off his game and could not meet the
hard volleying of his less experienced
opponent. The Stanford sophomore is
still a candidate for the doubles hon
ors, however, with his fellow Califor
nian, Ellsworth Vines of Pasadena.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford's intercol
legiate net champion, was defeated in
the second round of the eastern 4 urf
couxt championship by an unseeded
Texas player, Jake Hess, Jr., to regis
ter a big upset at the Westchester
Country Club, Rye, N. Y. The score
was 6-4, 6-1.
Reports say that Gledhill was clearly
off his game and could not meet the
hard volleying of his less experienced
opponent. The Stanford sophomore is
still a candidate for the doubles hon
ors, however, with his fellow Califor
nian, Ellsworth Vines of Pasadena.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford's intercol
legiate net champion, was defeated in
the second round of the eastern 4 urf
couxt championship by an unseeded
Texas player, Jake Hess, Jr., to regis
ter a big upset at the Westchester
Country Club, Rye, N. Y. The score
was 6-4, 6-1.
Reports say that Gledhill was clearly
off his game and could not meet the
hard volleying of his less experienced
opponent. The Stanford sophomore is
still a candidate for the doubles hon
ors, however, with his fellow Califor
nian, Ellsworth Vines of Pasadena.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford's intercol
legiate net champion, was defeated in
the second round of the eastern 4 urf
couxt championship by an unseeded
Texas player, Jake Hess, Jr., to regis
ter a big upset at the Westchester
Country Club, Rye, N. Y. The score
was 6-4, 6-1.
Reports say that Gledhill was clearly
off his game and could not meet the
hard volleying of his less experienced
opponent. The Stanford sophomore is
still a candidate for the doubles hon
ors, however, with his fellow Califor
nian, Ellsworth Vines of Pasadena.
Keith Gledhill, Stanford's intercol
legiate net champion, was defeated in
the second round of the eastern 4 urf
couxt championship by an unseeded
Texas player, Jake Hess, Jr., to regis
ter a big upset at the Westchester
Country Club, Rye, N. Y. The score
was 6-4, 6-1.
Reports say that Gledhill was clearly
off his game and could not meet the
hard volleying of his less experienced
opponent. The Stanford sophomore is
still a candidate for the doubles hon
ors, however, with his fellow Califor
nian, Ellsworth Vines of Pasadena.
