# Invite Sophs To Class Tea
## Class Officers Are Union Club Honor Guests 
### 
The Union Club is holding a tea
for the sophomore class, both men
and women, on Sunday, February 18,
from 4 until 5:30 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse.
The guests of honor will be Charles
Fontius, sophomore class president;
Jean Anderson, class secretary, and
the members of the all-campus soph
omore committee, Jean Albertson,
chairman, Margaret Woolverton, and
Laura Vail. Mir?: Haze'. F.eynr.W:;
and Miss Virginia Ingram will pour
tea.
The special guests invited include
heads of the houses making up the
Union unit and Roble, Dean Mary
Yost, and faculty members and their
wives. All members of the Union
Club and their guests are also in
vited to attend.
