# Campus Opinion
## 
### 
(FROM WHENCE COME
TRADITIONS?)
(In re: Law Steps)
The Editor, Sir:
On sober reflections concerning
these maudlin genuflections to out
moded tradition, the adolescent con
sciousness would be instilled with a
tendency to elevate gopher burrows
to somewhat Alpine proportions.
Time may have been when the rustic
of feminine pettiec-ats on the Law
Steps was a sore affront, possibly
even, an inhibiting influence on the
iuture masters of chancery, but in
these days of enlightenment, even at
Stanford the female of the species is
no longer considered so perilous.
What is the origin and significance
of this mighty tradition? We sus
pect that in some date in the virile
nineties the embryonic "Daily'' car
ried the following announcement:
"The Daily staff will moet today to
consider the adoption of now tradi
tions."
We are cognizant of the motives
Underlying the alcoholic aridity of
Palo Alto; we can appreciate the
necessity of eschewing the nauseous
Nkotiana on the Quad; we can even
understand 1:30 lockouts; but the
mysteries of the Law Steps taboo as
proclaimed by the vociferous legal
neophytes is a perennially esoteric
enigma.
In other words, who the hell cares!
—Just a Couple More Irale Grads
(FROM WHENCE COME
TRADITIONS?)
(In re: Law Steps)
The Editor, Sir:
On sober reflections concerning
these maudlin genuflections to out
moded tradition, the adolescent con
sciousness would be instilled with a
tendency to elevate gopher burrows
to somewhat Alpine proportions.
Time may have been when the rustic
of feminine pettiec-ats on the Law
Steps was a sore affront, possibly
even, an inhibiting influence on the
iuture masters of chancery, but in
these days of enlightenment, even at
Stanford the female of the species is
no longer considered so perilous.
What is the origin and significance
of this mighty tradition? We sus
pect that in some date in the virile
nineties the embryonic "Daily'' car
ried the following announcement:
"The Daily staff will moet today to
consider the adoption of now tradi
tions."
We are cognizant of the motives
Underlying the alcoholic aridity of
Palo Alto; we can appreciate the
necessity of eschewing the nauseous
Nkotiana on the Quad; we can even
understand 1:30 lockouts; but the
mysteries of the Law Steps taboo as
proclaimed by the vociferous legal
neophytes is a perennially esoteric
enigma.
In other words, who the hell cares!
—Just a Couple More Irale Grads
(FROM WHENCE COME
TRADITIONS?)
(In re: Law Steps)
The Editor, Sir:
On sober reflections concerning
these maudlin genuflections to out
moded tradition, the adolescent con
sciousness would be instilled with a
tendency to elevate gopher burrows
to somewhat Alpine proportions.
Time may have been when the rustic
of feminine pettiec-ats on the Law
Steps was a sore affront, possibly
even, an inhibiting influence on the
iuture masters of chancery, but in
these days of enlightenment, even at
Stanford the female of the species is
no longer considered so perilous.
What is the origin and significance
of this mighty tradition? We sus
pect that in some date in the virile
nineties the embryonic "Daily'' car
ried the following announcement:
"The Daily staff will moet today to
consider the adoption of now tradi
tions."
We are cognizant of the motives
Underlying the alcoholic aridity of
Palo Alto; we can appreciate the
necessity of eschewing the nauseous
Nkotiana on the Quad; we can even
understand 1:30 lockouts; but the
mysteries of the Law Steps taboo as
proclaimed by the vociferous legal
neophytes is a perennially esoteric
enigma.
In other words, who the hell cares!
—Just a Couple More Irale Grads
(FROM WHENCE COME
TRADITIONS?)
(In re: Law Steps)
The Editor, Sir:
On sober reflections concerning
these maudlin genuflections to out
moded tradition, the adolescent con
sciousness would be instilled with a
tendency to elevate gopher burrows
to somewhat Alpine proportions.
Time may have been when the rustic
of feminine pettiec-ats on the Law
Steps was a sore affront, possibly
even, an inhibiting influence on the
iuture masters of chancery, but in
these days of enlightenment, even at
Stanford the female of the species is
no longer considered so perilous.
What is the origin and significance
of this mighty tradition? We sus
pect that in some date in the virile
nineties the embryonic "Daily'' car
ried the following announcement:
"The Daily staff will moet today to
consider the adoption of now tradi
tions."
We are cognizant of the motives
Underlying the alcoholic aridity of
Palo Alto; we can appreciate the
necessity of eschewing the nauseous
Nkotiana on the Quad; we can even
understand 1:30 lockouts; but the
mysteries of the Law Steps taboo as
proclaimed by the vociferous legal
neophytes is a perennially esoteric
enigma.
In other words, who the hell cares!
—Just a Couple More Irale Grads
(FROM WHENCE COME
TRADITIONS?)
(In re: Law Steps)
The Editor, Sir:
On sober reflections concerning
these maudlin genuflections to out
moded tradition, the adolescent con
sciousness would be instilled with a
tendency to elevate gopher burrows
to somewhat Alpine proportions.
Time may have been when the rustic
of feminine pettiec-ats on the Law
Steps was a sore affront, possibly
even, an inhibiting influence on the
iuture masters of chancery, but in
these days of enlightenment, even at
Stanford the female of the species is
no longer considered so perilous.
What is the origin and significance
of this mighty tradition? We sus
pect that in some date in the virile
nineties the embryonic "Daily'' car
ried the following announcement:
"The Daily staff will moet today to
consider the adoption of now tradi
tions."
We are cognizant of the motives
Underlying the alcoholic aridity of
Palo Alto; we can appreciate the
necessity of eschewing the nauseous
Nkotiana on the Quad; we can even
understand 1:30 lockouts; but the
mysteries of the Law Steps taboo as
proclaimed by the vociferous legal
neophytes is a perennially esoteric
enigma.
In other words, who the hell cares!
—Just a Couple More Irale Grads
(FROM WHENCE COME
TRADITIONS?)
(In re: Law Steps)
The Editor, Sir:
On sober reflections concerning
these maudlin genuflections to out
moded tradition, the adolescent con
sciousness would be instilled with a
tendency to elevate gopher burrows
to somewhat Alpine proportions.
Time may have been when the rustic
of feminine pettiec-ats on the Law
Steps was a sore affront, possibly
even, an inhibiting influence on the
iuture masters of chancery, but in
these days of enlightenment, even at
Stanford the female of the species is
no longer considered so perilous.
What is the origin and significance
of this mighty tradition? We sus
pect that in some date in the virile
nineties the embryonic "Daily'' car
ried the following announcement:
"The Daily staff will moet today to
consider the adoption of now tradi
tions."
We are cognizant of the motives
Underlying the alcoholic aridity of
Palo Alto; we can appreciate the
necessity of eschewing the nauseous
Nkotiana on the Quad; we can even
understand 1:30 lockouts; but the
mysteries of the Law Steps taboo as
proclaimed by the vociferous legal
neophytes is a perennially esoteric
enigma.
In other words, who the hell cares!
—Just a Couple More Irale Grads
(FROM WHENCE COME
TRADITIONS?)
(In re: Law Steps)
The Editor, Sir:
On sober reflections concerning
these maudlin genuflections to out
moded tradition, the adolescent con
sciousness would be instilled with a
tendency to elevate gopher burrows
to somewhat Alpine proportions.
Time may have been when the rustic
of feminine pettiec-ats on the Law
Steps was a sore affront, possibly
even, an inhibiting influence on the
iuture masters of chancery, but in
these days of enlightenment, even at
Stanford the female of the species is
no longer considered so perilous.
What is the origin and significance
of this mighty tradition? We sus
pect that in some date in the virile
nineties the embryonic "Daily'' car
ried the following announcement:
"The Daily staff will moet today to
consider the adoption of now tradi
tions."
We are cognizant of the motives
Underlying the alcoholic aridity of
Palo Alto; we can appreciate the
necessity of eschewing the nauseous
Nkotiana on the Quad; we can even
understand 1:30 lockouts; but the
mysteries of the Law Steps taboo as
proclaimed by the vociferous legal
neophytes is a perennially esoteric
enigma.
In other words, who the hell cares!
—Just a Couple More Irale Grads
(FROM WHENCE COME
TRADITIONS?)
(In re: Law Steps)
The Editor, Sir:
On sober reflections concerning
these maudlin genuflections to out
moded tradition, the adolescent con
sciousness would be instilled with a
tendency to elevate gopher burrows
to somewhat Alpine proportions.
Time may have been when the rustic
of feminine pettiec-ats on the Law
Steps was a sore affront, possibly
even, an inhibiting influence on the
iuture masters of chancery, but in
these days of enlightenment, even at
Stanford the female of the species is
no longer considered so perilous.
What is the origin and significance
of this mighty tradition? We sus
pect that in some date in the virile
nineties the embryonic "Daily'' car
ried the following announcement:
"The Daily staff will moet today to
consider the adoption of now tradi
tions."
We are cognizant of the motives
Underlying the alcoholic aridity of
Palo Alto; we can appreciate the
necessity of eschewing the nauseous
Nkotiana on the Quad; we can even
understand 1:30 lockouts; but the
mysteries of the Law Steps taboo as
proclaimed by the vociferous legal
neophytes is a perennially esoteric
enigma.
In other words, who the hell cares!
—Just a Couple More Irale Grads
(FROM WHENCE COME
TRADITIONS?)
(In re: Law Steps)
The Editor, Sir:
On sober reflections concerning
these maudlin genuflections to out
moded tradition, the adolescent con
sciousness would be instilled with a
tendency to elevate gopher burrows
to somewhat Alpine proportions.
Time may have been when the rustic
of feminine pettiec-ats on the Law
Steps was a sore affront, possibly
even, an inhibiting influence on the
iuture masters of chancery, but in
these days of enlightenment, even at
Stanford the female of the species is
no longer considered so perilous.
What is the origin and significance
of this mighty tradition? We sus
pect that in some date in the virile
nineties the embryonic "Daily'' car
ried the following announcement:
"The Daily staff will moet today to
consider the adoption of now tradi
tions."
We are cognizant of the motives
Underlying the alcoholic aridity of
Palo Alto; we can appreciate the
necessity of eschewing the nauseous
Nkotiana on the Quad; we can even
understand 1:30 lockouts; but the
mysteries of the Law Steps taboo as
proclaimed by the vociferous legal
neophytes is a perennially esoteric
enigma.
In other words, who the hell cares!
—Just a Couple More Irale Grads
(FROM WHENCE COME
TRADITIONS?)
(In re: Law Steps)
The Editor, Sir:
On sober reflections concerning
these maudlin genuflections to out
moded tradition, the adolescent con
sciousness would be instilled with a
tendency to elevate gopher burrows
to somewhat Alpine proportions.
Time may have been when the rustic
of feminine pettiec-ats on the Law
Steps was a sore affront, possibly
even, an inhibiting influence on the
iuture masters of chancery, but in
these days of enlightenment, even at
Stanford the female of the species is
no longer considered so perilous.
What is the origin and significance
of this mighty tradition? We sus
pect that in some date in the virile
nineties the embryonic "Daily'' car
ried the following announcement:
"The Daily staff will moet today to
consider the adoption of now tradi
tions."
We are cognizant of the motives
Underlying the alcoholic aridity of
Palo Alto; we can appreciate the
necessity of eschewing the nauseous
Nkotiana on the Quad; we can even
understand 1:30 lockouts; but the
mysteries of the Law Steps taboo as
proclaimed by the vociferous legal
neophytes is a perennially esoteric
enigma.
In other words, who the hell cares!
—Just a Couple More Irale Grads
(FROM WHENCE COME
TRADITIONS?)
(In re: Law Steps)
The Editor, Sir:
On sober reflections concerning
these maudlin genuflections to out
moded tradition, the adolescent con
sciousness would be instilled with a
tendency to elevate gopher burrows
to somewhat Alpine proportions.
Time may have been when the rustic
of feminine pettiec-ats on the Law
Steps was a sore affront, possibly
even, an inhibiting influence on the
iuture masters of chancery, but in
these days of enlightenment, even at
Stanford the female of the species is
no longer considered so perilous.
What is the origin and significance
of this mighty tradition? We sus
pect that in some date in the virile
nineties the embryonic "Daily'' car
ried the following announcement:
"The Daily staff will moet today to
consider the adoption of now tradi
tions."
We are cognizant of the motives
Underlying the alcoholic aridity of
Palo Alto; we can appreciate the
necessity of eschewing the nauseous
Nkotiana on the Quad; we can even
understand 1:30 lockouts; but the
mysteries of the Law Steps taboo as
proclaimed by the vociferous legal
neophytes is a perennially esoteric
enigma.
In other words, who the hell cares!
—Just a Couple More Irale Grads
(FROM WHENCE COME
TRADITIONS?)
(In re: Law Steps)
The Editor, Sir:
On sober reflections concerning
these maudlin genuflections to out
moded tradition, the adolescent con
sciousness would be instilled with a
tendency to elevate gopher burrows
to somewhat Alpine proportions.
Time may have been when the rustic
of feminine pettiec-ats on the Law
Steps was a sore affront, possibly
even, an inhibiting influence on the
iuture masters of chancery, but in
these days of enlightenment, even at
Stanford the female of the species is
no longer considered so perilous.
What is the origin and significance
of this mighty tradition? We sus
pect that in some date in the virile
nineties the embryonic "Daily'' car
ried the following announcement:
"The Daily staff will moet today to
consider the adoption of now tradi
tions."
We are cognizant of the motives
Underlying the alcoholic aridity of
Palo Alto; we can appreciate the
necessity of eschewing the nauseous
Nkotiana on the Quad; we can even
understand 1:30 lockouts; but the
mysteries of the Law Steps taboo as
proclaimed by the vociferous legal
neophytes is a perennially esoteric
enigma.
In other words, who the hell cares!
—Just a Couple More Irale Grads
(FROM WHENCE COME
TRADITIONS?)
(In re: Law Steps)
The Editor, Sir:
On sober reflections concerning
these maudlin genuflections to out
moded tradition, the adolescent con
sciousness would be instilled with a
tendency to elevate gopher burrows
to somewhat Alpine proportions.
Time may have been when the rustic
of feminine pettiec-ats on the Law
Steps was a sore affront, possibly
even, an inhibiting influence on the
iuture masters of chancery, but in
these days of enlightenment, even at
Stanford the female of the species is
no longer considered so perilous.
What is the origin and significance
of this mighty tradition? We sus
pect that in some date in the virile
nineties the embryonic "Daily'' car
ried the following announcement:
"The Daily staff will moet today to
consider the adoption of now tradi
tions."
We are cognizant of the motives
Underlying the alcoholic aridity of
Palo Alto; we can appreciate the
necessity of eschewing the nauseous
Nkotiana on the Quad; we can even
understand 1:30 lockouts; but the
mysteries of the Law Steps taboo as
proclaimed by the vociferous legal
neophytes is a perennially esoteric
enigma.
In other words, who the hell cares!
—Just a Couple More Irale Grads
(FROM WHENCE COME
TRADITIONS?)
(In re: Law Steps)
The Editor, Sir:
On sober reflections concerning
these maudlin genuflections to out
moded tradition, the adolescent con
sciousness would be instilled with a
tendency to elevate gopher burrows
to somewhat Alpine proportions.
Time may have been when the rustic
of feminine pettiec-ats on the Law
Steps was a sore affront, possibly
even, an inhibiting influence on the
iuture masters of chancery, but in
these days of enlightenment, even at
Stanford the female of the species is
no longer considered so perilous.
What is the origin and significance
of this mighty tradition? We sus
pect that in some date in the virile
nineties the embryonic "Daily'' car
ried the following announcement:
"The Daily staff will moet today to
consider the adoption of now tradi
tions."
We are cognizant of the motives
Underlying the alcoholic aridity of
Palo Alto; we can appreciate the
necessity of eschewing the nauseous
Nkotiana on the Quad; we can even
understand 1:30 lockouts; but the
mysteries of the Law Steps taboo as
proclaimed by the vociferous legal
neophytes is a perennially esoteric
enigma.
In other words, who the hell cares!
—Just a Couple More Irale Grads
(FROM WHENCE COME
TRADITIONS?)
(In re: Law Steps)
The Editor, Sir:
On sober reflections concerning
these maudlin genuflections to out
moded tradition, the adolescent con
sciousness would be instilled with a
tendency to elevate gopher burrows
to somewhat Alpine proportions.
Time may have been when the rustic
of feminine pettiec-ats on the Law
Steps was a sore affront, possibly
even, an inhibiting influence on the
iuture masters of chancery, but in
these days of enlightenment, even at
Stanford the female of the species is
no longer considered so perilous.
What is the origin and significance
of this mighty tradition? We sus
pect that in some date in the virile
nineties the embryonic "Daily'' car
ried the following announcement:
"The Daily staff will moet today to
consider the adoption of now tradi
tions."
We are cognizant of the motives
Underlying the alcoholic aridity of
Palo Alto; we can appreciate the
necessity of eschewing the nauseous
Nkotiana on the Quad; we can even
understand 1:30 lockouts; but the
mysteries of the Law Steps taboo as
proclaimed by the vociferous legal
neophytes is a perennially esoteric
enigma.
In other words, who the hell cares!
—Just a Couple More Irale Grads
