# INDIAN DEBATERS TO TRAVEL SOUTH FOR 19 CONTESTS
## 
### 
Coach Lee Chapin yesterday after
noon announced the debaters who
will leave next Monday to "stump"
Southern California in the interests
of the Stanford cause. The five stu
dents who will uphold the Card de
bating banner are: Captain Fred
Bold, Herschel Champlin, Joe Fes
sio, Andrew Bright, and Dave Mel
linkofl.
The team is composed of veteran
debaters. Bold and Bright won all
their debates last year in the Pi
Kappa Delta-Stockton debate tour
nament.
The first debate will be held with
Fresno State on the 19th, and others
will subsequently be held with Uni
versity of Southern California, Po
mona, Los Angeles J.C., Glcndale
J.C. Occidental, Redlands, and other
schools.
In all, some 1?) debates have been
arranged, the debaters returning
about the fifth of March. Half the
contests will be decision-debates as
the Southern California area is a
hotbed of the decision-type debate.
Members of the team promise to
keep the campus informed of the in
roads they make on the traditional
efflorescence of Southern California
forensics.
Coach Lee Chapin yesterday after
noon announced the debaters who
will leave next Monday to "stump"
Southern California in the interests
of the Stanford cause. The five stu
dents who will uphold the Card de
bating banner are: Captain Fred
Bold, Herschel Champlin, Joe Fes
sio, Andrew Bright, and Dave Mel
linkofl.
The team is composed of veteran
debaters. Bold and Bright won all
their debates last year in the Pi
Kappa Delta-Stockton debate tour
nament.
The first debate will be held with
Fresno State on the 19th, and others
will subsequently be held with Uni
versity of Southern California, Po
mona, Los Angeles J.C., Glcndale
J.C. Occidental, Redlands, and other
schools.
In all, some 1?) debates have been
arranged, the debaters returning
about the fifth of March. Half the
contests will be decision-debates as
the Southern California area is a
hotbed of the decision-type debate.
Members of the team promise to
keep the campus informed of the in
roads they make on the traditional
efflorescence of Southern California
forensics.
Coach Lee Chapin yesterday after
noon announced the debaters who
will leave next Monday to "stump"
Southern California in the interests
of the Stanford cause. The five stu
dents who will uphold the Card de
bating banner are: Captain Fred
Bold, Herschel Champlin, Joe Fes
sio, Andrew Bright, and Dave Mel
linkofl.
The team is composed of veteran
debaters. Bold and Bright won all
their debates last year in the Pi
Kappa Delta-Stockton debate tour
nament.
The first debate will be held with
Fresno State on the 19th, and others
will subsequently be held with Uni
versity of Southern California, Po
mona, Los Angeles J.C., Glcndale
J.C. Occidental, Redlands, and other
schools.
In all, some 1?) debates have been
arranged, the debaters returning
about the fifth of March. Half the
contests will be decision-debates as
the Southern California area is a
hotbed of the decision-type debate.
Members of the team promise to
keep the campus informed of the in
roads they make on the traditional
efflorescence of Southern California
forensics.
Coach Lee Chapin yesterday after
noon announced the debaters who
will leave next Monday to "stump"
Southern California in the interests
of the Stanford cause. The five stu
dents who will uphold the Card de
bating banner are: Captain Fred
Bold, Herschel Champlin, Joe Fes
sio, Andrew Bright, and Dave Mel
linkofl.
The team is composed of veteran
debaters. Bold and Bright won all
their debates last year in the Pi
Kappa Delta-Stockton debate tour
nament.
The first debate will be held with
Fresno State on the 19th, and others
will subsequently be held with Uni
versity of Southern California, Po
mona, Los Angeles J.C., Glcndale
J.C. Occidental, Redlands, and other
schools.
In all, some 1?) debates have been
arranged, the debaters returning
about the fifth of March. Half the
contests will be decision-debates as
the Southern California area is a
hotbed of the decision-type debate.
Members of the team promise to
keep the campus informed of the in
roads they make on the traditional
efflorescence of Southern California
forensics.
Coach Lee Chapin yesterday after
noon announced the debaters who
will leave next Monday to "stump"
Southern California in the interests
of the Stanford cause. The five stu
dents who will uphold the Card de
bating banner are: Captain Fred
Bold, Herschel Champlin, Joe Fes
sio, Andrew Bright, and Dave Mel
linkofl.
The team is composed of veteran
debaters. Bold and Bright won all
their debates last year in the Pi
Kappa Delta-Stockton debate tour
nament.
The first debate will be held with
Fresno State on the 19th, and others
will subsequently be held with Uni
versity of Southern California, Po
mona, Los Angeles J.C., Glcndale
J.C. Occidental, Redlands, and other
schools.
In all, some 1?) debates have been
arranged, the debaters returning
about the fifth of March. Half the
contests will be decision-debates as
the Southern California area is a
hotbed of the decision-type debate.
Members of the team promise to
keep the campus informed of the in
roads they make on the traditional
efflorescence of Southern California
forensics.
Coach Lee Chapin yesterday after
noon announced the debaters who
will leave next Monday to "stump"
Southern California in the interests
of the Stanford cause. The five stu
dents who will uphold the Card de
bating banner are: Captain Fred
Bold, Herschel Champlin, Joe Fes
sio, Andrew Bright, and Dave Mel
linkofl.
The team is composed of veteran
debaters. Bold and Bright won all
their debates last year in the Pi
Kappa Delta-Stockton debate tour
nament.
The first debate will be held with
Fresno State on the 19th, and others
will subsequently be held with Uni
versity of Southern California, Po
mona, Los Angeles J.C., Glcndale
J.C. Occidental, Redlands, and other
schools.
In all, some 1?) debates have been
arranged, the debaters returning
about the fifth of March. Half the
contests will be decision-debates as
the Southern California area is a
hotbed of the decision-type debate.
Members of the team promise to
keep the campus informed of the in
roads they make on the traditional
efflorescence of Southern California
forensics.
Coach Lee Chapin yesterday after
noon announced the debaters who
will leave next Monday to "stump"
Southern California in the interests
of the Stanford cause. The five stu
dents who will uphold the Card de
bating banner are: Captain Fred
Bold, Herschel Champlin, Joe Fes
sio, Andrew Bright, and Dave Mel
linkofl.
The team is composed of veteran
debaters. Bold and Bright won all
their debates last year in the Pi
Kappa Delta-Stockton debate tour
nament.
The first debate will be held with
Fresno State on the 19th, and others
will subsequently be held with Uni
versity of Southern California, Po
mona, Los Angeles J.C., Glcndale
J.C. Occidental, Redlands, and other
schools.
In all, some 1?) debates have been
arranged, the debaters returning
about the fifth of March. Half the
contests will be decision-debates as
the Southern California area is a
hotbed of the decision-type debate.
Members of the team promise to
keep the campus informed of the in
roads they make on the traditional
efflorescence of Southern California
forensics.
Coach Lee Chapin yesterday after
noon announced the debaters who
will leave next Monday to "stump"
Southern California in the interests
of the Stanford cause. The five stu
dents who will uphold the Card de
bating banner are: Captain Fred
Bold, Herschel Champlin, Joe Fes
sio, Andrew Bright, and Dave Mel
linkofl.
The team is composed of veteran
debaters. Bold and Bright won all
their debates last year in the Pi
Kappa Delta-Stockton debate tour
nament.
The first debate will be held with
Fresno State on the 19th, and others
will subsequently be held with Uni
versity of Southern California, Po
mona, Los Angeles J.C., Glcndale
J.C. Occidental, Redlands, and other
schools.
In all, some 1?) debates have been
arranged, the debaters returning
about the fifth of March. Half the
contests will be decision-debates as
the Southern California area is a
hotbed of the decision-type debate.
Members of the team promise to
keep the campus informed of the in
roads they make on the traditional
efflorescence of Southern California
forensics.
Coach Lee Chapin yesterday after
noon announced the debaters who
will leave next Monday to "stump"
Southern California in the interests
of the Stanford cause. The five stu
dents who will uphold the Card de
bating banner are: Captain Fred
Bold, Herschel Champlin, Joe Fes
sio, Andrew Bright, and Dave Mel
linkofl.
The team is composed of veteran
debaters. Bold and Bright won all
their debates last year in the Pi
Kappa Delta-Stockton debate tour
nament.
The first debate will be held with
Fresno State on the 19th, and others
will subsequently be held with Uni
versity of Southern California, Po
mona, Los Angeles J.C., Glcndale
J.C. Occidental, Redlands, and other
schools.
In all, some 1?) debates have been
arranged, the debaters returning
about the fifth of March. Half the
contests will be decision-debates as
the Southern California area is a
hotbed of the decision-type debate.
Members of the team promise to
keep the campus informed of the in
roads they make on the traditional
efflorescence of Southern California
forensics.
Coach Lee Chapin yesterday after
noon announced the debaters who
will leave next Monday to "stump"
Southern California in the interests
of the Stanford cause. The five stu
dents who will uphold the Card de
bating banner are: Captain Fred
Bold, Herschel Champlin, Joe Fes
sio, Andrew Bright, and Dave Mel
linkofl.
The team is composed of veteran
debaters. Bold and Bright won all
their debates last year in the Pi
Kappa Delta-Stockton debate tour
nament.
The first debate will be held with
Fresno State on the 19th, and others
will subsequently be held with Uni
versity of Southern California, Po
mona, Los Angeles J.C., Glcndale
J.C. Occidental, Redlands, and other
schools.
In all, some 1?) debates have been
arranged, the debaters returning
about the fifth of March. Half the
contests will be decision-debates as
the Southern California area is a
hotbed of the decision-type debate.
Members of the team promise to
keep the campus informed of the in
roads they make on the traditional
efflorescence of Southern California
forensics.
Coach Lee Chapin yesterday after
noon announced the debaters who
will leave next Monday to "stump"
Southern California in the interests
of the Stanford cause. The five stu
dents who will uphold the Card de
bating banner are: Captain Fred
Bold, Herschel Champlin, Joe Fes
sio, Andrew Bright, and Dave Mel
linkofl.
The team is composed of veteran
debaters. Bold and Bright won all
their debates last year in the Pi
Kappa Delta-Stockton debate tour
nament.
The first debate will be held with
Fresno State on the 19th, and others
will subsequently be held with Uni
versity of Southern California, Po
mona, Los Angeles J.C., Glcndale
J.C. Occidental, Redlands, and other
schools.
In all, some 1?) debates have been
arranged, the debaters returning
about the fifth of March. Half the
contests will be decision-debates as
the Southern California area is a
hotbed of the decision-type debate.
Members of the team promise to
keep the campus informed of the in
roads they make on the traditional
efflorescence of Southern California
forensics.
Coach Lee Chapin yesterday after
noon announced the debaters who
will leave next Monday to "stump"
Southern California in the interests
of the Stanford cause. The five stu
dents who will uphold the Card de
bating banner are: Captain Fred
Bold, Herschel Champlin, Joe Fes
sio, Andrew Bright, and Dave Mel
linkofl.
The team is composed of veteran
debaters. Bold and Bright won all
their debates last year in the Pi
Kappa Delta-Stockton debate tour
nament.
The first debate will be held with
Fresno State on the 19th, and others
will subsequently be held with Uni
versity of Southern California, Po
mona, Los Angeles J.C., Glcndale
J.C. Occidental, Redlands, and other
schools.
In all, some 1?) debates have been
arranged, the debaters returning
about the fifth of March. Half the
contests will be decision-debates as
the Southern California area is a
hotbed of the decision-type debate.
Members of the team promise to
keep the campus informed of the in
roads they make on the traditional
efflorescence of Southern California
forensics.
Coach Lee Chapin yesterday after
noon announced the debaters who
will leave next Monday to "stump"
Southern California in the interests
of the Stanford cause. The five stu
dents who will uphold the Card de
bating banner are: Captain Fred
Bold, Herschel Champlin, Joe Fes
sio, Andrew Bright, and Dave Mel
linkofl.
The team is composed of veteran
debaters. Bold and Bright won all
their debates last year in the Pi
Kappa Delta-Stockton debate tour
nament.
The first debate will be held with
Fresno State on the 19th, and others
will subsequently be held with Uni
versity of Southern California, Po
mona, Los Angeles J.C., Glcndale
J.C. Occidental, Redlands, and other
schools.
In all, some 1?) debates have been
arranged, the debaters returning
about the fifth of March. Half the
contests will be decision-debates as
the Southern California area is a
hotbed of the decision-type debate.
Members of the team promise to
keep the campus informed of the in
roads they make on the traditional
efflorescence of Southern California
forensics.
Coach Lee Chapin yesterday after
noon announced the debaters who
will leave next Monday to "stump"
Southern California in the interests
of the Stanford cause. The five stu
dents who will uphold the Card de
bating banner are: Captain Fred
Bold, Herschel Champlin, Joe Fes
sio, Andrew Bright, and Dave Mel
linkofl.
The team is composed of veteran
debaters. Bold and Bright won all
their debates last year in the Pi
Kappa Delta-Stockton debate tour
nament.
The first debate will be held with
Fresno State on the 19th, and others
will subsequently be held with Uni
versity of Southern California, Po
mona, Los Angeles J.C., Glcndale
J.C. Occidental, Redlands, and other
schools.
In all, some 1?) debates have been
arranged, the debaters returning
about the fifth of March. Half the
contests will be decision-debates as
the Southern California area is a
hotbed of the decision-type debate.
Members of the team promise to
keep the campus informed of the in
roads they make on the traditional
efflorescence of Southern California
forensics.
Coach Lee Chapin yesterday after
noon announced the debaters who
will leave next Monday to "stump"
Southern California in the interests
of the Stanford cause. The five stu
dents who will uphold the Card de
bating banner are: Captain Fred
Bold, Herschel Champlin, Joe Fes
sio, Andrew Bright, and Dave Mel
linkofl.
The team is composed of veteran
debaters. Bold and Bright won all
their debates last year in the Pi
Kappa Delta-Stockton debate tour
nament.
The first debate will be held with
Fresno State on the 19th, and others
will subsequently be held with Uni
versity of Southern California, Po
mona, Los Angeles J.C., Glcndale
J.C. Occidental, Redlands, and other
schools.
In all, some 1?) debates have been
arranged, the debaters returning
about the fifth of March. Half the
contests will be decision-debates as
the Southern California area is a
hotbed of the decision-type debate.
Members of the team promise to
keep the campus informed of the in
roads they make on the traditional
efflorescence of Southern California
forensics.
