# New CWA Head
## 
### 

Promising a quick and efficient
job of reorganization of Civil
Works Administration activities in
the Los Angeles area, Maj. Donald
1L Connolly, pictured above, has
taken over his new post.

Promising a quick and efficient
job of reorganization of Civil
Works Administration activities in
the Los Angeles area, Maj. Donald
1L Connolly, pictured above, has
taken over his new post.

Promising a quick and efficient
job of reorganization of Civil
Works Administration activities in
the Los Angeles area, Maj. Donald
1L Connolly, pictured above, has
taken over his new post.

Promising a quick and efficient
job of reorganization of Civil
Works Administration activities in
the Los Angeles area, Maj. Donald
1L Connolly, pictured above, has
taken over his new post.

Promising a quick and efficient
job of reorganization of Civil
Works Administration activities in
the Los Angeles area, Maj. Donald
1L Connolly, pictured above, has
taken over his new post.

Promising a quick and efficient
job of reorganization of Civil
Works Administration activities in
the Los Angeles area, Maj. Donald
1L Connolly, pictured above, has
taken over his new post.

Promising a quick and efficient
job of reorganization of Civil
Works Administration activities in
the Los Angeles area, Maj. Donald
1L Connolly, pictured above, has
taken over his new post.

Promising a quick and efficient
job of reorganization of Civil
Works Administration activities in
the Los Angeles area, Maj. Donald
1L Connolly, pictured above, has
taken over his new post.

Promising a quick and efficient
job of reorganization of Civil
Works Administration activities in
the Los Angeles area, Maj. Donald
1L Connolly, pictured above, has
taken over his new post.

Promising a quick and efficient
job of reorganization of Civil
Works Administration activities in
the Los Angeles area, Maj. Donald
1L Connolly, pictured above, has
taken over his new post.

Promising a quick and efficient
job of reorganization of Civil
Works Administration activities in
the Los Angeles area, Maj. Donald
1L Connolly, pictured above, has
taken over his new post.

Promising a quick and efficient
job of reorganization of Civil
Works Administration activities in
the Los Angeles area, Maj. Donald
1L Connolly, pictured above, has
taken over his new post.

Promising a quick and efficient
job of reorganization of Civil
Works Administration activities in
the Los Angeles area, Maj. Donald
1L Connolly, pictured above, has
taken over his new post.

Promising a quick and efficient
job of reorganization of Civil
Works Administration activities in
the Los Angeles area, Maj. Donald
1L Connolly, pictured above, has
taken over his new post.

Promising a quick and efficient
job of reorganization of Civil
Works Administration activities in
the Los Angeles area, Maj. Donald
1L Connolly, pictured above, has
taken over his new post.
