# Roth Shows Good Points Of New County Charter
## 
### 
Comptroller A. E. Roth, speaking
bcl'ore thi> Palo Alto Exchange Club
yesterday, emphasized the favorable
points the voter should consider in
voting upon the new proposed Santa
Clara County charter.
Roth is a member of the board of
freeholders v/ho have drawn up the
new charter which will be voted on
Tuesday, is to set up an efficient,
business-like system of management
and control such as would be done
for any private business or educa
tional institution. He pointed out
this object of the board as well as
discussed the objections which the
charter proposal has stimulated.
Comptroller A. E. Roth, speaking
bcl'ore thi> Palo Alto Exchange Club
yesterday, emphasized the favorable
points the voter should consider in
voting upon the new proposed Santa
Clara County charter.
Roth is a member of the board of
freeholders v/ho have drawn up the
new charter which will be voted on
Tuesday, is to set up an efficient,
business-like system of management
and control such as would be done
for any private business or educa
tional institution. He pointed out
this object of the board as well as
discussed the objections which the
charter proposal has stimulated.
Comptroller A. E. Roth, speaking
bcl'ore thi> Palo Alto Exchange Club
yesterday, emphasized the favorable
points the voter should consider in
voting upon the new proposed Santa
Clara County charter.
Roth is a member of the board of
freeholders v/ho have drawn up the
new charter which will be voted on
Tuesday, is to set up an efficient,
business-like system of management
and control such as would be done
for any private business or educa
tional institution. He pointed out
this object of the board as well as
discussed the objections which the
charter proposal has stimulated.
Comptroller A. E. Roth, speaking
bcl'ore thi> Palo Alto Exchange Club
yesterday, emphasized the favorable
points the voter should consider in
voting upon the new proposed Santa
Clara County charter.
Roth is a member of the board of
freeholders v/ho have drawn up the
new charter which will be voted on
Tuesday, is to set up an efficient,
business-like system of management
and control such as would be done
for any private business or educa
tional institution. He pointed out
this object of the board as well as
discussed the objections which the
charter proposal has stimulated.
Comptroller A. E. Roth, speaking
bcl'ore thi> Palo Alto Exchange Club
yesterday, emphasized the favorable
points the voter should consider in
voting upon the new proposed Santa
Clara County charter.
Roth is a member of the board of
freeholders v/ho have drawn up the
new charter which will be voted on
Tuesday, is to set up an efficient,
business-like system of management
and control such as would be done
for any private business or educa
tional institution. He pointed out
this object of the board as well as
discussed the objections which the
charter proposal has stimulated.
Comptroller A. E. Roth, speaking
bcl'ore thi> Palo Alto Exchange Club
yesterday, emphasized the favorable
points the voter should consider in
voting upon the new proposed Santa
Clara County charter.
Roth is a member of the board of
freeholders v/ho have drawn up the
new charter which will be voted on
Tuesday, is to set up an efficient,
business-like system of management
and control such as would be done
for any private business or educa
tional institution. He pointed out
this object of the board as well as
discussed the objections which the
charter proposal has stimulated.
Comptroller A. E. Roth, speaking
bcl'ore thi> Palo Alto Exchange Club
yesterday, emphasized the favorable
points the voter should consider in
voting upon the new proposed Santa
Clara County charter.
Roth is a member of the board of
freeholders v/ho have drawn up the
new charter which will be voted on
Tuesday, is to set up an efficient,
business-like system of management
and control such as would be done
for any private business or educa
tional institution. He pointed out
this object of the board as well as
discussed the objections which the
charter proposal has stimulated.
Comptroller A. E. Roth, speaking
bcl'ore thi> Palo Alto Exchange Club
yesterday, emphasized the favorable
points the voter should consider in
voting upon the new proposed Santa
Clara County charter.
Roth is a member of the board of
freeholders v/ho have drawn up the
new charter which will be voted on
Tuesday, is to set up an efficient,
business-like system of management
and control such as would be done
for any private business or educa
tional institution. He pointed out
this object of the board as well as
discussed the objections which the
charter proposal has stimulated.
Comptroller A. E. Roth, speaking
bcl'ore thi> Palo Alto Exchange Club
yesterday, emphasized the favorable
points the voter should consider in
voting upon the new proposed Santa
Clara County charter.
Roth is a member of the board of
freeholders v/ho have drawn up the
new charter which will be voted on
Tuesday, is to set up an efficient,
business-like system of management
and control such as would be done
for any private business or educa
tional institution. He pointed out
this object of the board as well as
discussed the objections which the
charter proposal has stimulated.
Comptroller A. E. Roth, speaking
bcl'ore thi> Palo Alto Exchange Club
yesterday, emphasized the favorable
points the voter should consider in
voting upon the new proposed Santa
Clara County charter.
Roth is a member of the board of
freeholders v/ho have drawn up the
new charter which will be voted on
Tuesday, is to set up an efficient,
business-like system of management
and control such as would be done
for any private business or educa
tional institution. He pointed out
this object of the board as well as
discussed the objections which the
charter proposal has stimulated.
Comptroller A. E. Roth, speaking
bcl'ore thi> Palo Alto Exchange Club
yesterday, emphasized the favorable
points the voter should consider in
voting upon the new proposed Santa
Clara County charter.
Roth is a member of the board of
freeholders v/ho have drawn up the
new charter which will be voted on
Tuesday, is to set up an efficient,
business-like system of management
and control such as would be done
for any private business or educa
tional institution. He pointed out
this object of the board as well as
discussed the objections which the
charter proposal has stimulated.
Comptroller A. E. Roth, speaking
bcl'ore thi> Palo Alto Exchange Club
yesterday, emphasized the favorable
points the voter should consider in
voting upon the new proposed Santa
Clara County charter.
Roth is a member of the board of
freeholders v/ho have drawn up the
new charter which will be voted on
Tuesday, is to set up an efficient,
business-like system of management
and control such as would be done
for any private business or educa
tional institution. He pointed out
this object of the board as well as
discussed the objections which the
charter proposal has stimulated.
Comptroller A. E. Roth, speaking
bcl'ore thi> Palo Alto Exchange Club
yesterday, emphasized the favorable
points the voter should consider in
voting upon the new proposed Santa
Clara County charter.
Roth is a member of the board of
freeholders v/ho have drawn up the
new charter which will be voted on
Tuesday, is to set up an efficient,
business-like system of management
and control such as would be done
for any private business or educa
tional institution. He pointed out
this object of the board as well as
discussed the objections which the
charter proposal has stimulated.
Comptroller A. E. Roth, speaking
bcl'ore thi> Palo Alto Exchange Club
yesterday, emphasized the favorable
points the voter should consider in
voting upon the new proposed Santa
Clara County charter.
Roth is a member of the board of
freeholders v/ho have drawn up the
new charter which will be voted on
Tuesday, is to set up an efficient,
business-like system of management
and control such as would be done
for any private business or educa
tional institution. He pointed out
this object of the board as well as
discussed the objections which the
charter proposal has stimulated.
Comptroller A. E. Roth, speaking
bcl'ore thi> Palo Alto Exchange Club
yesterday, emphasized the favorable
points the voter should consider in
voting upon the new proposed Santa
Clara County charter.
Roth is a member of the board of
freeholders v/ho have drawn up the
new charter which will be voted on
Tuesday, is to set up an efficient,
business-like system of management
and control such as would be done
for any private business or educa
tional institution. He pointed out
this object of the board as well as
discussed the objections which the
charter proposal has stimulated.
