# Object of Search
## 
### 

Authorities of three states, Wash
ington, Oregon anil California, are
engaged in a search for George G.
Wittenmyer, treasurer of Kings
County, Wash., charged with the
theft of $31,810.7!! in funds en
trusted to his care. He was last
seen in San Francisco.

Authorities of three states, Wash
ington, Oregon anil California, are
engaged in a search for George G.
Wittenmyer, treasurer of Kings
County, Wash., charged with the
theft of $31,810.7!! in funds en
trusted to his care. He was last
seen in San Francisco.

Authorities of three states, Wash
ington, Oregon anil California, are
engaged in a search for George G.
Wittenmyer, treasurer of Kings
County, Wash., charged with the
theft of $31,810.7!! in funds en
trusted to his care. He was last
seen in San Francisco.

Authorities of three states, Wash
ington, Oregon anil California, are
engaged in a search for George G.
Wittenmyer, treasurer of Kings
County, Wash., charged with the
theft of $31,810.7!! in funds en
trusted to his care. He was last
seen in San Francisco.

Authorities of three states, Wash
ington, Oregon anil California, are
engaged in a search for George G.
Wittenmyer, treasurer of Kings
County, Wash., charged with the
theft of $31,810.7!! in funds en
trusted to his care. He was last
seen in San Francisco.

Authorities of three states, Wash
ington, Oregon anil California, are
engaged in a search for George G.
Wittenmyer, treasurer of Kings
County, Wash., charged with the
theft of $31,810.7!! in funds en
trusted to his care. He was last
seen in San Francisco.

Authorities of three states, Wash
ington, Oregon anil California, are
engaged in a search for George G.
Wittenmyer, treasurer of Kings
County, Wash., charged with the
theft of $31,810.7!! in funds en
trusted to his care. He was last
seen in San Francisco.

Authorities of three states, Wash
ington, Oregon anil California, are
engaged in a search for George G.
Wittenmyer, treasurer of Kings
County, Wash., charged with the
theft of $31,810.7!! in funds en
trusted to his care. He was last
seen in San Francisco.

Authorities of three states, Wash
ington, Oregon anil California, are
engaged in a search for George G.
Wittenmyer, treasurer of Kings
County, Wash., charged with the
theft of $31,810.7!! in funds en
trusted to his care. He was last
seen in San Francisco.

Authorities of three states, Wash
ington, Oregon anil California, are
engaged in a search for George G.
Wittenmyer, treasurer of Kings
County, Wash., charged with the
theft of $31,810.7!! in funds en
trusted to his care. He was last
seen in San Francisco.

Authorities of three states, Wash
ington, Oregon anil California, are
engaged in a search for George G.
Wittenmyer, treasurer of Kings
County, Wash., charged with the
theft of $31,810.7!! in funds en
trusted to his care. He was last
seen in San Francisco.

Authorities of three states, Wash
ington, Oregon anil California, are
engaged in a search for George G.
Wittenmyer, treasurer of Kings
County, Wash., charged with the
theft of $31,810.7!! in funds en
trusted to his care. He was last
seen in San Francisco.

Authorities of three states, Wash
ington, Oregon anil California, are
engaged in a search for George G.
Wittenmyer, treasurer of Kings
County, Wash., charged with the
theft of $31,810.7!! in funds en
trusted to his care. He was last
seen in San Francisco.

Authorities of three states, Wash
ington, Oregon anil California, are
engaged in a search for George G.
Wittenmyer, treasurer of Kings
County, Wash., charged with the
theft of $31,810.7!! in funds en
trusted to his care. He was last
seen in San Francisco.

Authorities of three states, Wash
ington, Oregon anil California, are
engaged in a search for George G.
Wittenmyer, treasurer of Kings
County, Wash., charged with the
theft of $31,810.7!! in funds en
trusted to his care. He was last
seen in San Francisco.
