# BRIDGE CONSTRUCTION WORK
## 
### 

Steel pier towers for the San Francisco-OaklaniT Bay bridge as they were
being unloaded from one of the first trainloads of steel to arrive in Oak
land from the East. Over 40,000 tons of steel, the largest consignment ever
routed across the continent, will be used in the bridge. (U.P. Photo)

Steel pier towers for the San Francisco-OaklaniT Bay bridge as they were
being unloaded from one of the first trainloads of steel to arrive in Oak
land from the East. Over 40,000 tons of steel, the largest consignment ever
routed across the continent, will be used in the bridge. (U.P. Photo)

Steel pier towers for the San Francisco-OaklaniT Bay bridge as they were
being unloaded from one of the first trainloads of steel to arrive in Oak
land from the East. Over 40,000 tons of steel, the largest consignment ever
routed across the continent, will be used in the bridge. (U.P. Photo)

Steel pier towers for the San Francisco-OaklaniT Bay bridge as they were
being unloaded from one of the first trainloads of steel to arrive in Oak
land from the East. Over 40,000 tons of steel, the largest consignment ever
routed across the continent, will be used in the bridge. (U.P. Photo)

Steel pier towers for the San Francisco-OaklaniT Bay bridge as they were
being unloaded from one of the first trainloads of steel to arrive in Oak
land from the East. Over 40,000 tons of steel, the largest consignment ever
routed across the continent, will be used in the bridge. (U.P. Photo)

Steel pier towers for the San Francisco-OaklaniT Bay bridge as they were
being unloaded from one of the first trainloads of steel to arrive in Oak
land from the East. Over 40,000 tons of steel, the largest consignment ever
routed across the continent, will be used in the bridge. (U.P. Photo)

Steel pier towers for the San Francisco-OaklaniT Bay bridge as they were
being unloaded from one of the first trainloads of steel to arrive in Oak
land from the East. Over 40,000 tons of steel, the largest consignment ever
routed across the continent, will be used in the bridge. (U.P. Photo)

Steel pier towers for the San Francisco-OaklaniT Bay bridge as they were
being unloaded from one of the first trainloads of steel to arrive in Oak
land from the East. Over 40,000 tons of steel, the largest consignment ever
routed across the continent, will be used in the bridge. (U.P. Photo)

Steel pier towers for the San Francisco-OaklaniT Bay bridge as they were
being unloaded from one of the first trainloads of steel to arrive in Oak
land from the East. Over 40,000 tons of steel, the largest consignment ever
routed across the continent, will be used in the bridge. (U.P. Photo)

Steel pier towers for the San Francisco-OaklaniT Bay bridge as they were
being unloaded from one of the first trainloads of steel to arrive in Oak
land from the East. Over 40,000 tons of steel, the largest consignment ever
routed across the continent, will be used in the bridge. (U.P. Photo)

Steel pier towers for the San Francisco-OaklaniT Bay bridge as they were
being unloaded from one of the first trainloads of steel to arrive in Oak
land from the East. Over 40,000 tons of steel, the largest consignment ever
routed across the continent, will be used in the bridge. (U.P. Photo)

Steel pier towers for the San Francisco-OaklaniT Bay bridge as they were
being unloaded from one of the first trainloads of steel to arrive in Oak
land from the East. Over 40,000 tons of steel, the largest consignment ever
routed across the continent, will be used in the bridge. (U.P. Photo)

Steel pier towers for the San Francisco-OaklaniT Bay bridge as they were
being unloaded from one of the first trainloads of steel to arrive in Oak
land from the East. Over 40,000 tons of steel, the largest consignment ever
routed across the continent, will be used in the bridge. (U.P. Photo)

Steel pier towers for the San Francisco-OaklaniT Bay bridge as they were
being unloaded from one of the first trainloads of steel to arrive in Oak
land from the East. Over 40,000 tons of steel, the largest consignment ever
routed across the continent, will be used in the bridge. (U.P. Photo)

Steel pier towers for the San Francisco-OaklaniT Bay bridge as they were
being unloaded from one of the first trainloads of steel to arrive in Oak
land from the East. Over 40,000 tons of steel, the largest consignment ever
routed across the continent, will be used in the bridge. (U.P. Photo)
