# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is always a cause for celebra
tion fora Stanford team to come
from the gridiron or any athletic
contest, victors over the blue and
gold. The winning of the freshman
game last Saturday was for several
reasons an auspicious victory. Al
though several of the men we had
been depending upon were ruled
out of the contest on account of de
ficiencies in standing, and the odds
greatly against us in weight, the
century lads achieved a signal vic
tory, and they merit the thanks of
their alma mater. The game showed
that Stanford has good material to
depend upon in future years. A
valuable lesson may be learned by
the rest of our football men from
this game —that determination
backed up with grit and snappy
plav will invariably win, even
against odds.
It is always a cause for celebra
tion fora Stanford team to come
from the gridiron or any athletic
contest, victors over the blue and
gold. The winning of the freshman
game last Saturday was for several
reasons an auspicious victory. Al
though several of the men we had
been depending upon were ruled
out of the contest on account of de
ficiencies in standing, and the odds
greatly against us in weight, the
century lads achieved a signal vic
tory, and they merit the thanks of
their alma mater. The game showed
that Stanford has good material to
depend upon in future years. A
valuable lesson may be learned by
the rest of our football men from
this game —that determination
backed up with grit and snappy
plav will invariably win, even
against odds.
It is always a cause for celebra
tion fora Stanford team to come
from the gridiron or any athletic
contest, victors over the blue and
gold. The winning of the freshman
game last Saturday was for several
reasons an auspicious victory. Al
though several of the men we had
been depending upon were ruled
out of the contest on account of de
ficiencies in standing, and the odds
greatly against us in weight, the
century lads achieved a signal vic
tory, and they merit the thanks of
their alma mater. The game showed
that Stanford has good material to
depend upon in future years. A
valuable lesson may be learned by
the rest of our football men from
this game —that determination
backed up with grit and snappy
plav will invariably win, even
against odds.
It is always a cause for celebra
tion fora Stanford team to come
from the gridiron or any athletic
contest, victors over the blue and
gold. The winning of the freshman
game last Saturday was for several
reasons an auspicious victory. Al
though several of the men we had
been depending upon were ruled
out of the contest on account of de
ficiencies in standing, and the odds
greatly against us in weight, the
century lads achieved a signal vic
tory, and they merit the thanks of
their alma mater. The game showed
that Stanford has good material to
depend upon in future years. A
valuable lesson may be learned by
the rest of our football men from
this game —that determination
backed up with grit and snappy
plav will invariably win, even
against odds.
It is always a cause for celebra
tion fora Stanford team to come
from the gridiron or any athletic
contest, victors over the blue and
gold. The winning of the freshman
game last Saturday was for several
reasons an auspicious victory. Al
though several of the men we had
been depending upon were ruled
out of the contest on account of de
ficiencies in standing, and the odds
greatly against us in weight, the
century lads achieved a signal vic
tory, and they merit the thanks of
their alma mater. The game showed
that Stanford has good material to
depend upon in future years. A
valuable lesson may be learned by
the rest of our football men from
this game —that determination
backed up with grit and snappy
plav will invariably win, even
against odds.
