# Briefly...
## 
### 
Posthumous Pulitzer
David Potter, a former history pro
fessor here, was awarded the Pulitzer
prize for history six years after his
death. He received the award for his
book The Impending Crisis, which
examined the years leading to the civil
war. The last two chapters of the book
were written by History Prof. Don
Fehrenbacher.
Posthumous Pulitzer
David Potter, a former history pro
fessor here, was awarded the Pulitzer
prize for history six years after his
death. He received the award for his
book The Impending Crisis, which
examined the years leading to the civil
war. The last two chapters of the book
were written by History Prof. Don
Fehrenbacher.
Posthumous Pulitzer
David Potter, a former history pro
fessor here, was awarded the Pulitzer
prize for history six years after his
death. He received the award for his
book The Impending Crisis, which
examined the years leading to the civil
war. The last two chapters of the book
were written by History Prof. Don
Fehrenbacher.
Posthumous Pulitzer
David Potter, a former history pro
fessor here, was awarded the Pulitzer
prize for history six years after his
death. He received the award for his
book The Impending Crisis, which
examined the years leading to the civil
war. The last two chapters of the book
were written by History Prof. Don
Fehrenbacher.
Posthumous Pulitzer
David Potter, a former history pro
fessor here, was awarded the Pulitzer
prize for history six years after his
death. He received the award for his
book The Impending Crisis, which
examined the years leading to the civil
war. The last two chapters of the book
were written by History Prof. Don
Fehrenbacher.
Posthumous Pulitzer
David Potter, a former history pro
fessor here, was awarded the Pulitzer
prize for history six years after his
death. He received the award for his
book The Impending Crisis, which
examined the years leading to the civil
war. The last two chapters of the book
were written by History Prof. Don
Fehrenbacher.
Posthumous Pulitzer
David Potter, a former history pro
fessor here, was awarded the Pulitzer
prize for history six years after his
death. He received the award for his
book The Impending Crisis, which
examined the years leading to the civil
war. The last two chapters of the book
were written by History Prof. Don
Fehrenbacher.
Posthumous Pulitzer
David Potter, a former history pro
fessor here, was awarded the Pulitzer
prize for history six years after his
death. He received the award for his
book The Impending Crisis, which
examined the years leading to the civil
war. The last two chapters of the book
were written by History Prof. Don
Fehrenbacher.
Posthumous Pulitzer
David Potter, a former history pro
fessor here, was awarded the Pulitzer
prize for history six years after his
death. He received the award for his
book The Impending Crisis, which
examined the years leading to the civil
war. The last two chapters of the book
were written by History Prof. Don
Fehrenbacher.
Posthumous Pulitzer
David Potter, a former history pro
fessor here, was awarded the Pulitzer
prize for history six years after his
death. He received the award for his
book The Impending Crisis, which
examined the years leading to the civil
war. The last two chapters of the book
were written by History Prof. Don
Fehrenbacher.
Posthumous Pulitzer
David Potter, a former history pro
fessor here, was awarded the Pulitzer
prize for history six years after his
death. He received the award for his
book The Impending Crisis, which
examined the years leading to the civil
war. The last two chapters of the book
were written by History Prof. Don
Fehrenbacher.
Posthumous Pulitzer
David Potter, a former history pro
fessor here, was awarded the Pulitzer
prize for history six years after his
death. He received the award for his
book The Impending Crisis, which
examined the years leading to the civil
war. The last two chapters of the book
were written by History Prof. Don
Fehrenbacher.
Posthumous Pulitzer
David Potter, a former history pro
fessor here, was awarded the Pulitzer
prize for history six years after his
death. He received the award for his
book The Impending Crisis, which
examined the years leading to the civil
war. The last two chapters of the book
were written by History Prof. Don
Fehrenbacher.
