# JAPAN'S FINANCES HIT
## 
### 
TOKYO, Wednesday, Out. H (U1 J ).
—Vice Admiral Sasazo Sakonji,
Japanese Minister of Commerce and
Industry, said today that Japan's
economic situation will be further
strained and that "people must be
prepared to lower their standard of
living."
TOKYO, Wednesday, Out. H (U1 J ).
—Vice Admiral Sasazo Sakonji,
Japanese Minister of Commerce and
Industry, said today that Japan's
economic situation will be further
strained and that "people must be
prepared to lower their standard of
living."
TOKYO, Wednesday, Out. H (U1 J ).
—Vice Admiral Sasazo Sakonji,
Japanese Minister of Commerce and
Industry, said today that Japan's
economic situation will be further
strained and that "people must be
prepared to lower their standard of
living."
TOKYO, Wednesday, Out. H (U1 J ).
—Vice Admiral Sasazo Sakonji,
Japanese Minister of Commerce and
Industry, said today that Japan's
economic situation will be further
strained and that "people must be
prepared to lower their standard of
living."
TOKYO, Wednesday, Out. H (U1 J ).
—Vice Admiral Sasazo Sakonji,
Japanese Minister of Commerce and
Industry, said today that Japan's
economic situation will be further
strained and that "people must be
prepared to lower their standard of
living."
TOKYO, Wednesday, Out. H (U1 J ).
—Vice Admiral Sasazo Sakonji,
Japanese Minister of Commerce and
Industry, said today that Japan's
economic situation will be further
strained and that "people must be
prepared to lower their standard of
living."
TOKYO, Wednesday, Out. H (U1 J ).
—Vice Admiral Sasazo Sakonji,
Japanese Minister of Commerce and
Industry, said today that Japan's
economic situation will be further
strained and that "people must be
prepared to lower their standard of
living."
TOKYO, Wednesday, Out. H (U1 J ).
—Vice Admiral Sasazo Sakonji,
Japanese Minister of Commerce and
Industry, said today that Japan's
economic situation will be further
strained and that "people must be
prepared to lower their standard of
living."
TOKYO, Wednesday, Out. H (U1 J ).
—Vice Admiral Sasazo Sakonji,
Japanese Minister of Commerce and
Industry, said today that Japan's
economic situation will be further
strained and that "people must be
prepared to lower their standard of
living."
TOKYO, Wednesday, Out. H (U1 J ).
—Vice Admiral Sasazo Sakonji,
Japanese Minister of Commerce and
Industry, said today that Japan's
economic situation will be further
strained and that "people must be
prepared to lower their standard of
living."
TOKYO, Wednesday, Out. H (U1 J ).
—Vice Admiral Sasazo Sakonji,
Japanese Minister of Commerce and
Industry, said today that Japan's
economic situation will be further
strained and that "people must be
prepared to lower their standard of
living."
TOKYO, Wednesday, Out. H (U1 J ).
—Vice Admiral Sasazo Sakonji,
Japanese Minister of Commerce and
Industry, said today that Japan's
economic situation will be further
strained and that "people must be
prepared to lower their standard of
living."
TOKYO, Wednesday, Out. H (U1 J ).
—Vice Admiral Sasazo Sakonji,
Japanese Minister of Commerce and
Industry, said today that Japan's
economic situation will be further
strained and that "people must be
prepared to lower their standard of
living."
TOKYO, Wednesday, Out. H (U1 J ).
—Vice Admiral Sasazo Sakonji,
Japanese Minister of Commerce and
Industry, said today that Japan's
economic situation will be further
strained and that "people must be
prepared to lower their standard of
living."
TOKYO, Wednesday, Out. H (U1 J ).
—Vice Admiral Sasazo Sakonji,
Japanese Minister of Commerce and
Industry, said today that Japan's
economic situation will be further
strained and that "people must be
prepared to lower their standard of
living."
TOKYO, Wednesday, Out. H (U1 J ).
—Vice Admiral Sasazo Sakonji,
Japanese Minister of Commerce and
Industry, said today that Japan's
economic situation will be further
strained and that "people must be
prepared to lower their standard of
living."
TOKYO, Wednesday, Out. H (U1 J ).
—Vice Admiral Sasazo Sakonji,
Japanese Minister of Commerce and
Industry, said today that Japan's
economic situation will be further
strained and that "people must be
prepared to lower their standard of
living."
TOKYO, Wednesday, Out. H (U1 J ).
—Vice Admiral Sasazo Sakonji,
Japanese Minister of Commerce and
Industry, said today that Japan's
economic situation will be further
strained and that "people must be
prepared to lower their standard of
living."
