# BEAVER HERO RETURNS
## 
### 
COEVALLI3. Ore, Oct. 7 (UP).—
Stocky little Don Durdan, hero of
the Oregon State 9-6 triumph over
Washington, was back in the Bea
ver lineup today.
COEVALLI3. Ore, Oct. 7 (UP).—
Stocky little Don Durdan, hero of
the Oregon State 9-6 triumph over
Washington, was back in the Bea
ver lineup today.
COEVALLI3. Ore, Oct. 7 (UP).—
Stocky little Don Durdan, hero of
the Oregon State 9-6 triumph over
Washington, was back in the Bea
ver lineup today.
COEVALLI3. Ore, Oct. 7 (UP).—
Stocky little Don Durdan, hero of
the Oregon State 9-6 triumph over
Washington, was back in the Bea
ver lineup today.
COEVALLI3. Ore, Oct. 7 (UP).—
Stocky little Don Durdan, hero of
the Oregon State 9-6 triumph over
Washington, was back in the Bea
ver lineup today.
COEVALLI3. Ore, Oct. 7 (UP).—
Stocky little Don Durdan, hero of
the Oregon State 9-6 triumph over
Washington, was back in the Bea
ver lineup today.
COEVALLI3. Ore, Oct. 7 (UP).—
Stocky little Don Durdan, hero of
the Oregon State 9-6 triumph over
Washington, was back in the Bea
ver lineup today.
COEVALLI3. Ore, Oct. 7 (UP).—
Stocky little Don Durdan, hero of
the Oregon State 9-6 triumph over
Washington, was back in the Bea
ver lineup today.
COEVALLI3. Ore, Oct. 7 (UP).—
Stocky little Don Durdan, hero of
the Oregon State 9-6 triumph over
Washington, was back in the Bea
ver lineup today.
COEVALLI3. Ore, Oct. 7 (UP).—
Stocky little Don Durdan, hero of
the Oregon State 9-6 triumph over
Washington, was back in the Bea
ver lineup today.
COEVALLI3. Ore, Oct. 7 (UP).—
Stocky little Don Durdan, hero of
the Oregon State 9-6 triumph over
Washington, was back in the Bea
ver lineup today.
COEVALLI3. Ore, Oct. 7 (UP).—
Stocky little Don Durdan, hero of
the Oregon State 9-6 triumph over
Washington, was back in the Bea
ver lineup today.
COEVALLI3. Ore, Oct. 7 (UP).—
Stocky little Don Durdan, hero of
the Oregon State 9-6 triumph over
Washington, was back in the Bea
ver lineup today.
COEVALLI3. Ore, Oct. 7 (UP).—
Stocky little Don Durdan, hero of
the Oregon State 9-6 triumph over
Washington, was back in the Bea
ver lineup today.
COEVALLI3. Ore, Oct. 7 (UP).—
Stocky little Don Durdan, hero of
the Oregon State 9-6 triumph over
Washington, was back in the Bea
ver lineup today.
COEVALLI3. Ore, Oct. 7 (UP).—
Stocky little Don Durdan, hero of
the Oregon State 9-6 triumph over
Washington, was back in the Bea
ver lineup today.
COEVALLI3. Ore, Oct. 7 (UP).—
Stocky little Don Durdan, hero of
the Oregon State 9-6 triumph over
Washington, was back in the Bea
ver lineup today.
COEVALLI3. Ore, Oct. 7 (UP).—
Stocky little Don Durdan, hero of
the Oregon State 9-6 triumph over
Washington, was back in the Bea
ver lineup today.
