# Adv. 25 Page 4
## 
### 
j MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE
HENKE ski boots, 6 6 1 /s. Top
cond., worn once. Best offer.
ROYAL portable typewriter,
exc. cond., $70. Call DA 6-0246
between 6 and 8 p.m.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTED
MOSE PAYS highest prices for
your used clothes, trunks, lug
gage and riding boots. Where
Stanford students sell their ap
parel. 611 Emerson Street; DA
3-4912.
RENTALS
Rooms lor Rent
2~OR 3 VACANCIES in stud, co
operative in P.A., 2 min. from
campus. Cowboys and hillbil
lies need not apply. DA 3-3590.
Wanted to Rent
PRINCETON professor wants to
rent 3-bdr., 2-bath furn. house
Sept. 1957 to Sept. 1958. Will
pay up to $150. Guarantees me
ticulous care. UL 1-1255.
INSTRUCTION
Dance
INSTRUCTION in ballroom danc
ing. All types, reasonable rates.
Private lessons. Learn now.
Elsa Schaper, DA 2-7742.
Tutoring
FRENCH grammar, translation;
review for Ph.D. Louise Dek
ker, 2150 Amherst, DA 3-5291.
EMPLOYMENT
llclp Wanted
AD SALESMEN for the Stanford
Daily. Can take as little or as
much of your time as you want.
10% commission on advertising
sold. Experience not important.
Drop by the Daily office any af
ternoon.
miLfMtTtVTHi
