# Daily Will Hold Publicity Meet
## 
### 
The daily will hold a meet
ing tomorrow night at 7:30 in
Room 10 of Hie Women's Club
bouse for presidents and pub
licity directors of all student
committees, organizations and
residences.
Proper handling of news and
publicity will be discussed by
Daily staff members, contact
will be made with beat report
ers and questions' concerning
Daily policy wll lbe answered.
The daily will hold a meet
ing tomorrow night at 7:30 in
Room 10 of Hie Women's Club
bouse for presidents and pub
licity directors of all student
committees, organizations and
residences.
Proper handling of news and
publicity will be discussed by
Daily staff members, contact
will be made with beat report
ers and questions' concerning
Daily policy wll lbe answered.
The daily will hold a meet
ing tomorrow night at 7:30 in
Room 10 of Hie Women's Club
bouse for presidents and pub
licity directors of all student
committees, organizations and
residences.
Proper handling of news and
publicity will be discussed by
Daily staff members, contact
will be made with beat report
ers and questions' concerning
Daily policy wll lbe answered.
The daily will hold a meet
ing tomorrow night at 7:30 in
Room 10 of Hie Women's Club
bouse for presidents and pub
licity directors of all student
committees, organizations and
residences.
Proper handling of news and
publicity will be discussed by
Daily staff members, contact
will be made with beat report
ers and questions' concerning
Daily policy wll lbe answered.
The daily will hold a meet
ing tomorrow night at 7:30 in
Room 10 of Hie Women's Club
bouse for presidents and pub
licity directors of all student
committees, organizations and
residences.
Proper handling of news and
publicity will be discussed by
Daily staff members, contact
will be made with beat report
ers and questions' concerning
Daily policy wll lbe answered.
The daily will hold a meet
ing tomorrow night at 7:30 in
Room 10 of Hie Women's Club
bouse for presidents and pub
licity directors of all student
committees, organizations and
residences.
Proper handling of news and
publicity will be discussed by
Daily staff members, contact
will be made with beat report
ers and questions' concerning
Daily policy wll lbe answered.
The daily will hold a meet
ing tomorrow night at 7:30 in
Room 10 of Hie Women's Club
bouse for presidents and pub
licity directors of all student
committees, organizations and
residences.
Proper handling of news and
publicity will be discussed by
Daily staff members, contact
will be made with beat report
ers and questions' concerning
Daily policy wll lbe answered.
The daily will hold a meet
ing tomorrow night at 7:30 in
Room 10 of Hie Women's Club
bouse for presidents and pub
licity directors of all student
committees, organizations and
residences.
Proper handling of news and
publicity will be discussed by
Daily staff members, contact
will be made with beat report
ers and questions' concerning
Daily policy wll lbe answered.
The daily will hold a meet
ing tomorrow night at 7:30 in
Room 10 of Hie Women's Club
bouse for presidents and pub
licity directors of all student
committees, organizations and
residences.
Proper handling of news and
publicity will be discussed by
Daily staff members, contact
will be made with beat report
ers and questions' concerning
Daily policy wll lbe answered.
The daily will hold a meet
ing tomorrow night at 7:30 in
Room 10 of Hie Women's Club
bouse for presidents and pub
licity directors of all student
committees, organizations and
residences.
Proper handling of news and
publicity will be discussed by
Daily staff members, contact
will be made with beat report
ers and questions' concerning
Daily policy wll lbe answered.
The daily will hold a meet
ing tomorrow night at 7:30 in
Room 10 of Hie Women's Club
bouse for presidents and pub
licity directors of all student
committees, organizations and
residences.
Proper handling of news and
publicity will be discussed by
Daily staff members, contact
will be made with beat report
ers and questions' concerning
Daily policy wll lbe answered.
The daily will hold a meet
ing tomorrow night at 7:30 in
Room 10 of Hie Women's Club
bouse for presidents and pub
licity directors of all student
committees, organizations and
residences.
Proper handling of news and
publicity will be discussed by
Daily staff members, contact
will be made with beat report
ers and questions' concerning
Daily policy wll lbe answered.
The daily will hold a meet
ing tomorrow night at 7:30 in
Room 10 of Hie Women's Club
bouse for presidents and pub
licity directors of all student
committees, organizations and
residences.
Proper handling of news and
publicity will be discussed by
Daily staff members, contact
will be made with beat report
ers and questions' concerning
Daily policy wll lbe answered.
The daily will hold a meet
ing tomorrow night at 7:30 in
Room 10 of Hie Women's Club
bouse for presidents and pub
licity directors of all student
committees, organizations and
residences.
Proper handling of news and
publicity will be discussed by
Daily staff members, contact
will be made with beat report
ers and questions' concerning
Daily policy wll lbe answered.
The daily will hold a meet
ing tomorrow night at 7:30 in
Room 10 of Hie Women's Club
bouse for presidents and pub
licity directors of all student
committees, organizations and
residences.
Proper handling of news and
publicity will be discussed by
Daily staff members, contact
will be made with beat report
ers and questions' concerning
Daily policy wll lbe answered.
The daily will hold a meet
ing tomorrow night at 7:30 in
Room 10 of Hie Women's Club
bouse for presidents and pub
licity directors of all student
committees, organizations and
residences.
Proper handling of news and
publicity will be discussed by
Daily staff members, contact
will be made with beat report
ers and questions' concerning
Daily policy wll lbe answered.
