# Summer Session Forms Available
## 
### 
Applications are now being ac
cepted at Stanford University for
the summer session, Elmer C'.
Wagner, associate registrar and
executive officer for the summer
quarter, announced last week.
Courses varying in length trom
one to eight weeks and simplified
admission provisions for non-de
gree students, including under
graduates in good standing at ac
credited schools and persons 25
years of age or more, are unusual
features of this summer's pro
gram.
Wagner stressed that "the same
high quality standards prevailing
during the regular academic yeai
are maintained during the sum
met ." There will be introductory
courses from various depart
merits, advanced work for ad
vanced undergraduates and grad
uate students and a series of spe
cial institutes and workshops.
! Registration for the eight-week
summer quarter will be June 24.
