# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Greg Webb

Chips and dips
It was a party-filled weekend, with stu
dents heading for Senior Casino Night and
the Viennese Ball. Left, gamblers at Senior
Casino Night crowd around a craps table,
hoping for that lucky seven Friday night.
Above, students forsake shorts and T-shirts
for a bit of formality at the opening
ceremonies of the annual Viennese Ball in
Roble Gym Saturday night. Across campus,
students donned battle fatigues to attend
Toyon's alternative party: the Vietnamese
Ball.


Rod Searcey/Daily

Greg Webb

Chips and dips
It was a party-filled weekend, with stu
dents heading for Senior Casino Night and
the Viennese Ball. Left, gamblers at Senior
Casino Night crowd around a craps table,
hoping for that lucky seven Friday night.
Above, students forsake shorts and T-shirts
for a bit of formality at the opening
ceremonies of the annual Viennese Ball in
Roble Gym Saturday night. Across campus,
students donned battle fatigues to attend
Toyon's alternative party: the Vietnamese
Ball.


Rod Searcey/Daily

Greg Webb

Chips and dips
It was a party-filled weekend, with stu
dents heading for Senior Casino Night and
the Viennese Ball. Left, gamblers at Senior
Casino Night crowd around a craps table,
hoping for that lucky seven Friday night.
Above, students forsake shorts and T-shirts
for a bit of formality at the opening
ceremonies of the annual Viennese Ball in
Roble Gym Saturday night. Across campus,
students donned battle fatigues to attend
Toyon's alternative party: the Vietnamese
Ball.


Rod Searcey/Daily

Greg Webb

Chips and dips
It was a party-filled weekend, with stu
dents heading for Senior Casino Night and
the Viennese Ball. Left, gamblers at Senior
Casino Night crowd around a craps table,
hoping for that lucky seven Friday night.
Above, students forsake shorts and T-shirts
for a bit of formality at the opening
ceremonies of the annual Viennese Ball in
Roble Gym Saturday night. Across campus,
students donned battle fatigues to attend
Toyon's alternative party: the Vietnamese
Ball.


Rod Searcey/Daily

Greg Webb

Chips and dips
It was a party-filled weekend, with stu
dents heading for Senior Casino Night and
the Viennese Ball. Left, gamblers at Senior
Casino Night crowd around a craps table,
hoping for that lucky seven Friday night.
Above, students forsake shorts and T-shirts
for a bit of formality at the opening
ceremonies of the annual Viennese Ball in
Roble Gym Saturday night. Across campus,
students donned battle fatigues to attend
Toyon's alternative party: the Vietnamese
Ball.


Rod Searcey/Daily

Greg Webb

Chips and dips
It was a party-filled weekend, with stu
dents heading for Senior Casino Night and
the Viennese Ball. Left, gamblers at Senior
Casino Night crowd around a craps table,
hoping for that lucky seven Friday night.
Above, students forsake shorts and T-shirts
for a bit of formality at the opening
ceremonies of the annual Viennese Ball in
Roble Gym Saturday night. Across campus,
students donned battle fatigues to attend
Toyon's alternative party: the Vietnamese
Ball.


Rod Searcey/Daily

Greg Webb

Chips and dips
It was a party-filled weekend, with stu
dents heading for Senior Casino Night and
the Viennese Ball. Left, gamblers at Senior
Casino Night crowd around a craps table,
hoping for that lucky seven Friday night.
Above, students forsake shorts and T-shirts
for a bit of formality at the opening
ceremonies of the annual Viennese Ball in
Roble Gym Saturday night. Across campus,
students donned battle fatigues to attend
Toyon's alternative party: the Vietnamese
Ball.


Rod Searcey/Daily
