# Adv. 25 Page 11
## 
### 
$15/ hour. E-mail Professor llya
Strebulaev @ the GSB:
istrebulaev@stanford.edu
WEEKEND EMPLOYMENT-
Camp Counselors needed for
residential camping program
serving children and adults with
disabilities. If you are
interested in a challenging and
rewarding experience, please
contact 408-243-7861 or
www.viaservices.org
Sales Associate for Design/
fireplace showroom. Sales
experience desired. Will train
the right person. 938-2000 MV
Be a Microsoft Brand Rep. Campus
ambassadors needed for spring to
be part of a marketing
campaign. $500 base pay plus
bonus. Send resume to
www.repnation.com/apply/wl.
DELL CAMPUS REPS NEEDED
Promote a top 30 company to gain
real-world business & marketing
experience! Apply at
www.RepNation.com/Dell
$18/ hr office work for Palo Alto
business, 2 blocks from campus.
Part time work through school
year & summer, 8-20 hrs/week.
Call Peter LeVine (650) 493-2258
Girl's Lacrosse Coaches Needed
Gunn High School
Great Program, Flexible Hours To
apply or for more information
e-mail lisawmaclean@gmail.com
Light office work for Palo Alto
-company near campus. Part time,B
