# ROOTING SECTION OF 1000 EXPECTED FOR CARD-TROJAN GAME
## 
### 
Stanford's rooting section at
the Caril-Trojan football game in
Los Angeles on November 3 will
consist of about a thousand men.
Approximately 750 tickets were
sold Friday, and 250 had been
sold Thursday, the first day of
the sale. About 2500 extra tick
ets were sold.
There will be no other oppor
tunity for Stanford men to se
cure tickets to this game as all
that were not sold will be used
to fill alumni applications.
Stanford's rooting section at
the Caril-Trojan football game in
Los Angeles on November 3 will
consist of about a thousand men.
Approximately 750 tickets were
sold Friday, and 250 had been
sold Thursday, the first day of
the sale. About 2500 extra tick
ets were sold.
There will be no other oppor
tunity for Stanford men to se
cure tickets to this game as all
that were not sold will be used
to fill alumni applications.
Stanford's rooting section at
the Caril-Trojan football game in
Los Angeles on November 3 will
consist of about a thousand men.
Approximately 750 tickets were
sold Friday, and 250 had been
sold Thursday, the first day of
the sale. About 2500 extra tick
ets were sold.
There will be no other oppor
tunity for Stanford men to se
cure tickets to this game as all
that were not sold will be used
to fill alumni applications.
Stanford's rooting section at
the Caril-Trojan football game in
Los Angeles on November 3 will
consist of about a thousand men.
Approximately 750 tickets were
sold Friday, and 250 had been
sold Thursday, the first day of
the sale. About 2500 extra tick
ets were sold.
There will be no other oppor
tunity for Stanford men to se
cure tickets to this game as all
that were not sold will be used
to fill alumni applications.
Stanford's rooting section at
the Caril-Trojan football game in
Los Angeles on November 3 will
consist of about a thousand men.
Approximately 750 tickets were
sold Friday, and 250 had been
sold Thursday, the first day of
the sale. About 2500 extra tick
ets were sold.
There will be no other oppor
tunity for Stanford men to se
cure tickets to this game as all
that were not sold will be used
to fill alumni applications.
Stanford's rooting section at
the Caril-Trojan football game in
Los Angeles on November 3 will
consist of about a thousand men.
Approximately 750 tickets were
sold Friday, and 250 had been
sold Thursday, the first day of
the sale. About 2500 extra tick
ets were sold.
There will be no other oppor
tunity for Stanford men to se
cure tickets to this game as all
that were not sold will be used
to fill alumni applications.
Stanford's rooting section at
the Caril-Trojan football game in
Los Angeles on November 3 will
consist of about a thousand men.
Approximately 750 tickets were
sold Friday, and 250 had been
sold Thursday, the first day of
the sale. About 2500 extra tick
ets were sold.
There will be no other oppor
tunity for Stanford men to se
cure tickets to this game as all
that were not sold will be used
to fill alumni applications.
Stanford's rooting section at
the Caril-Trojan football game in
Los Angeles on November 3 will
consist of about a thousand men.
Approximately 750 tickets were
sold Friday, and 250 had been
sold Thursday, the first day of
the sale. About 2500 extra tick
ets were sold.
There will be no other oppor
tunity for Stanford men to se
cure tickets to this game as all
that were not sold will be used
to fill alumni applications.
Stanford's rooting section at
the Caril-Trojan football game in
Los Angeles on November 3 will
consist of about a thousand men.
Approximately 750 tickets were
sold Friday, and 250 had been
sold Thursday, the first day of
the sale. About 2500 extra tick
ets were sold.
There will be no other oppor
tunity for Stanford men to se
cure tickets to this game as all
that were not sold will be used
to fill alumni applications.
Stanford's rooting section at
the Caril-Trojan football game in
Los Angeles on November 3 will
consist of about a thousand men.
Approximately 750 tickets were
sold Friday, and 250 had been
sold Thursday, the first day of
the sale. About 2500 extra tick
ets were sold.
There will be no other oppor
tunity for Stanford men to se
cure tickets to this game as all
that were not sold will be used
to fill alumni applications.
Stanford's rooting section at
the Caril-Trojan football game in
Los Angeles on November 3 will
consist of about a thousand men.
Approximately 750 tickets were
sold Friday, and 250 had been
sold Thursday, the first day of
the sale. About 2500 extra tick
ets were sold.
There will be no other oppor
tunity for Stanford men to se
cure tickets to this game as all
that were not sold will be used
to fill alumni applications.
Stanford's rooting section at
the Caril-Trojan football game in
Los Angeles on November 3 will
consist of about a thousand men.
Approximately 750 tickets were
sold Friday, and 250 had been
sold Thursday, the first day of
the sale. About 2500 extra tick
ets were sold.
There will be no other oppor
tunity for Stanford men to se
cure tickets to this game as all
that were not sold will be used
to fill alumni applications.
Stanford's rooting section at
the Caril-Trojan football game in
Los Angeles on November 3 will
consist of about a thousand men.
Approximately 750 tickets were
sold Friday, and 250 had been
sold Thursday, the first day of
the sale. About 2500 extra tick
ets were sold.
There will be no other oppor
tunity for Stanford men to se
cure tickets to this game as all
that were not sold will be used
to fill alumni applications.
Stanford's rooting section at
the Caril-Trojan football game in
Los Angeles on November 3 will
consist of about a thousand men.
Approximately 750 tickets were
sold Friday, and 250 had been
sold Thursday, the first day of
the sale. About 2500 extra tick
ets were sold.
There will be no other oppor
tunity for Stanford men to se
cure tickets to this game as all
that were not sold will be used
to fill alumni applications.
Stanford's rooting section at
the Caril-Trojan football game in
Los Angeles on November 3 will
consist of about a thousand men.
Approximately 750 tickets were
sold Friday, and 250 had been
sold Thursday, the first day of
the sale. About 2500 extra tick
ets were sold.
There will be no other oppor
tunity for Stanford men to se
cure tickets to this game as all
that were not sold will be used
to fill alumni applications.
Stanford's rooting section at
the Caril-Trojan football game in
Los Angeles on November 3 will
consist of about a thousand men.
Approximately 750 tickets were
sold Friday, and 250 had been
sold Thursday, the first day of
the sale. About 2500 extra tick
ets were sold.
There will be no other oppor
tunity for Stanford men to se
cure tickets to this game as all
that were not sold will be used
to fill alumni applications.
