# Adv. 32 Page 11
## 
### 
SUBJECTS WANTED
$5 for 20 minutes, over the web!
First ten people get homemade
cookies. Easy fun survey, listen
to people and tell me what they
are like. Stanford students only
www.stanford.edu/~kcat/study
Coeds for photo portraits. Free
pics, nicepixels@sbcglobal.net
TUTORING
All academics esp. German
$25-30/ hr. Near Stanford,
part-time, flexible. 941-4350,
493-5512 evenings.
EXPERIENCED SAT TUTORS NEEDED
long term, $2Qrtir, e-mailo resume
to globaldassroom@sbcglobal.net
HS Spanish Tutor Wanted. $20/ hr
Near Stanford. Flexible hours.
Email rhonda@caledplan.com
If you a man have heart be a sav
age whether you sober or drunk.
Lifes a b*# then you die ni**a
don't want a whole slice just let
me taste the pie.
SUBJECTS WANTED
$5 for 20 minutes, over the web!
First ten people get homemade
cookies. Easy fun survey, listen
to people and tell me what they
are like. Stanford students only
www.stanford.edu/~kcat/study
Coeds for photo portraits. Free
pics, nicepixels@sbcglobal.net
TUTORING
All academics esp. German
$25-30/ hr. Near Stanford,
part-time, flexible. 941-4350,
493-5512 evenings.
EXPERIENCED SAT TUTORS NEEDED
long term, $2Qrtir, e-mailo resume
to globaldassroom@sbcglobal.net
HS Spanish Tutor Wanted. $20/ hr
Near Stanford. Flexible hours.
Email rhonda@caledplan.com
If you a man have heart be a sav
age whether you sober or drunk.
Lifes a b*# then you die ni**a
don't want a whole slice just let
me taste the pie.
SUBJECTS WANTED
$5 for 20 minutes, over the web!
First ten people get homemade
cookies. Easy fun survey, listen
to people and tell me what they
are like. Stanford students only
www.stanford.edu/~kcat/study
Coeds for photo portraits. Free
pics, nicepixels@sbcglobal.net
TUTORING
All academics esp. German
$25-30/ hr. Near Stanford,
part-time, flexible. 941-4350,
493-5512 evenings.
EXPERIENCED SAT TUTORS NEEDED
long term, $2Qrtir, e-mailo resume
to globaldassroom@sbcglobal.net
HS Spanish Tutor Wanted. $20/ hr
Near Stanford. Flexible hours.
Email rhonda@caledplan.com
If you a man have heart be a sav
age whether you sober or drunk.
Lifes a b*# then you die ni**a
don't want a whole slice just let
me taste the pie.
SUBJECTS WANTED
$5 for 20 minutes, over the web!
First ten people get homemade
cookies. Easy fun survey, listen
to people and tell me what they
are like. Stanford students only
www.stanford.edu/~kcat/study
Coeds for photo portraits. Free
pics, nicepixels@sbcglobal.net
TUTORING
All academics esp. German
$25-30/ hr. Near Stanford,
part-time, flexible. 941-4350,
493-5512 evenings.
EXPERIENCED SAT TUTORS NEEDED
long term, $2Qrtir, e-mailo resume
to globaldassroom@sbcglobal.net
HS Spanish Tutor Wanted. $20/ hr
Near Stanford. Flexible hours.
Email rhonda@caledplan.com
If you a man have heart be a sav
age whether you sober or drunk.
Lifes a b*# then you die ni**a
don't want a whole slice just let
me taste the pie.
SUBJECTS WANTED
$5 for 20 minutes, over the web!
First ten people get homemade
cookies. Easy fun survey, listen
to people and tell me what they
are like. Stanford students only
www.stanford.edu/~kcat/study
Coeds for photo portraits. Free
pics, nicepixels@sbcglobal.net
TUTORING
All academics esp. German
$25-30/ hr. Near Stanford,
part-time, flexible. 941-4350,
493-5512 evenings.
EXPERIENCED SAT TUTORS NEEDED
long term, $2Qrtir, e-mailo resume
to globaldassroom@sbcglobal.net
HS Spanish Tutor Wanted. $20/ hr
Near Stanford. Flexible hours.
Email rhonda@caledplan.com
If you a man have heart be a sav
age whether you sober or drunk.
Lifes a b*# then you die ni**a
don't want a whole slice just let
me taste the pie.
SUBJECTS WANTED
$5 for 20 minutes, over the web!
First ten people get homemade
cookies. Easy fun survey, listen
to people and tell me what they
are like. Stanford students only
www.stanford.edu/~kcat/study
Coeds for photo portraits. Free
pics, nicepixels@sbcglobal.net
TUTORING
All academics esp. German
$25-30/ hr. Near Stanford,
part-time, flexible. 941-4350,
493-5512 evenings.
EXPERIENCED SAT TUTORS NEEDED
long term, $2Qrtir, e-mailo resume
to globaldassroom@sbcglobal.net
HS Spanish Tutor Wanted. $20/ hr
Near Stanford. Flexible hours.
Email rhonda@caledplan.com
If you a man have heart be a sav
age whether you sober or drunk.
Lifes a b*# then you die ni**a
don't want a whole slice just let
me taste the pie.
SUBJECTS WANTED
$5 for 20 minutes, over the web!
First ten people get homemade
cookies. Easy fun survey, listen
to people and tell me what they
are like. Stanford students only
www.stanford.edu/~kcat/study
Coeds for photo portraits. Free
pics, nicepixels@sbcglobal.net
TUTORING
All academics esp. German
$25-30/ hr. Near Stanford,
part-time, flexible. 941-4350,
493-5512 evenings.
EXPERIENCED SAT TUTORS NEEDED
long term, $2Qrtir, e-mailo resume
to globaldassroom@sbcglobal.net
HS Spanish Tutor Wanted. $20/ hr
Near Stanford. Flexible hours.
Email rhonda@caledplan.com
If you a man have heart be a sav
age whether you sober or drunk.
Lifes a b*# then you die ni**a
don't want a whole slice just let
me taste the pie.
SUBJECTS WANTED
$5 for 20 minutes, over the web!
First ten people get homemade
cookies. Easy fun survey, listen
to people and tell me what they
are like. Stanford students only
www.stanford.edu/~kcat/study
Coeds for photo portraits. Free
pics, nicepixels@sbcglobal.net
TUTORING
All academics esp. German
$25-30/ hr. Near Stanford,
part-time, flexible. 941-4350,
493-5512 evenings.
EXPERIENCED SAT TUTORS NEEDED
long term, $2Qrtir, e-mailo resume
to globaldassroom@sbcglobal.net
HS Spanish Tutor Wanted. $20/ hr
Near Stanford. Flexible hours.
Email rhonda@caledplan.com
If you a man have heart be a sav
age whether you sober or drunk.
Lifes a b*# then you die ni**a
don't want a whole slice just let
me taste the pie.
