# Varsity Wins From Pally Club 47 to 0
## Forwards and Backs Unbeatable. Game Furnishes Dope on S.C. Fifteen 
### 
Stanford Varsity handed a 47 to 0
defeat to the Palo Alto Athletic Club
by way of adding to the discourage
ment of the Santa Clara fans in the
bleachers. Both scrum and backs
worked perfectly and the game became
only a question of the final score.
Practically every man on the Varsity
took part in the passing rushes, al
though the backs counted for most of
the points. Hauser to Wark to Chand
ler to Heron to Lilly or Weeks was
the usual order in the first half.
Saturday's battle furnished some in
teresting dope for the fans. Sauta
Clara defeated the club men last Sun
day 30 to 0, while the count for Stan
ford was 47.
The teams lined up as follows:
Stanford—Winhain, wing forward;
Betts, (Curtice), Barneson, front rank;
Righter, lock; Schwarzenbek, Flood,
side rank; Pettingill, Kegley, rear
rank; Hauser, half; Wark, (Lilly),
first five; Chandler, second five;
Heron, center three; Lilly, (Wark),
Weeks, (Seely), wings; Templeton,
full.
Palo Alto Athletic Club —Card, wing
forward; Flugel, Butterfield, front
rank; Brainard, lock; Sncll, Cordson,
side rank; Barkle, G. Nagel, rear
rank; Heylard, half; O. Nagel, first
five; Hertz, second five; Johnson,
center three; Hansen, Cobb, wings;
Bell, full.
Stanford Varsity handed a 47 to 0
defeat to the Palo Alto Athletic Club
by way of adding to the discourage
ment of the Santa Clara fans in the
bleachers. Both scrum and backs
worked perfectly and the game became
only a question of the final score.
Practically every man on the Varsity
took part in the passing rushes, al
though the backs counted for most of
the points. Hauser to Wark to Chand
ler to Heron to Lilly or Weeks was
the usual order in the first half.
Saturday's battle furnished some in
teresting dope for the fans. Sauta
Clara defeated the club men last Sun
day 30 to 0, while the count for Stan
ford was 47.
The teams lined up as follows:
Stanford—Winhain, wing forward;
Betts, (Curtice), Barneson, front rank;
Righter, lock; Schwarzenbek, Flood,
side rank; Pettingill, Kegley, rear
rank; Hauser, half; Wark, (Lilly),
first five; Chandler, second five;
Heron, center three; Lilly, (Wark),
Weeks, (Seely), wings; Templeton,
full.
Palo Alto Athletic Club —Card, wing
forward; Flugel, Butterfield, front
rank; Brainard, lock; Sncll, Cordson,
side rank; Barkle, G. Nagel, rear
rank; Heylard, half; O. Nagel, first
five; Hertz, second five; Johnson,
center three; Hansen, Cobb, wings;
Bell, full.
Stanford Varsity handed a 47 to 0
defeat to the Palo Alto Athletic Club
by way of adding to the discourage
ment of the Santa Clara fans in the
bleachers. Both scrum and backs
worked perfectly and the game became
only a question of the final score.
Practically every man on the Varsity
took part in the passing rushes, al
though the backs counted for most of
the points. Hauser to Wark to Chand
ler to Heron to Lilly or Weeks was
the usual order in the first half.
Saturday's battle furnished some in
teresting dope for the fans. Sauta
Clara defeated the club men last Sun
day 30 to 0, while the count for Stan
ford was 47.
The teams lined up as follows:
Stanford—Winhain, wing forward;
Betts, (Curtice), Barneson, front rank;
Righter, lock; Schwarzenbek, Flood,
side rank; Pettingill, Kegley, rear
rank; Hauser, half; Wark, (Lilly),
first five; Chandler, second five;
Heron, center three; Lilly, (Wark),
Weeks, (Seely), wings; Templeton,
full.
Palo Alto Athletic Club —Card, wing
forward; Flugel, Butterfield, front
rank; Brainard, lock; Sncll, Cordson,
side rank; Barkle, G. Nagel, rear
rank; Heylard, half; O. Nagel, first
five; Hertz, second five; Johnson,
center three; Hansen, Cobb, wings;
Bell, full.
Stanford Varsity handed a 47 to 0
defeat to the Palo Alto Athletic Club
by way of adding to the discourage
ment of the Santa Clara fans in the
bleachers. Both scrum and backs
worked perfectly and the game became
only a question of the final score.
Practically every man on the Varsity
took part in the passing rushes, al
though the backs counted for most of
the points. Hauser to Wark to Chand
ler to Heron to Lilly or Weeks was
the usual order in the first half.
Saturday's battle furnished some in
teresting dope for the fans. Sauta
Clara defeated the club men last Sun
day 30 to 0, while the count for Stan
ford was 47.
The teams lined up as follows:
Stanford—Winhain, wing forward;
Betts, (Curtice), Barneson, front rank;
Righter, lock; Schwarzenbek, Flood,
side rank; Pettingill, Kegley, rear
rank; Hauser, half; Wark, (Lilly),
first five; Chandler, second five;
Heron, center three; Lilly, (Wark),
Weeks, (Seely), wings; Templeton,
full.
Palo Alto Athletic Club —Card, wing
forward; Flugel, Butterfield, front
rank; Brainard, lock; Sncll, Cordson,
side rank; Barkle, G. Nagel, rear
rank; Heylard, half; O. Nagel, first
five; Hertz, second five; Johnson,
center three; Hansen, Cobb, wings;
Bell, full.
Stanford Varsity handed a 47 to 0
defeat to the Palo Alto Athletic Club
by way of adding to the discourage
ment of the Santa Clara fans in the
bleachers. Both scrum and backs
worked perfectly and the game became
only a question of the final score.
Practically every man on the Varsity
took part in the passing rushes, al
though the backs counted for most of
the points. Hauser to Wark to Chand
ler to Heron to Lilly or Weeks was
the usual order in the first half.
Saturday's battle furnished some in
teresting dope for the fans. Sauta
Clara defeated the club men last Sun
day 30 to 0, while the count for Stan
ford was 47.
The teams lined up as follows:
Stanford—Winhain, wing forward;
Betts, (Curtice), Barneson, front rank;
Righter, lock; Schwarzenbek, Flood,
side rank; Pettingill, Kegley, rear
rank; Hauser, half; Wark, (Lilly),
first five; Chandler, second five;
Heron, center three; Lilly, (Wark),
Weeks, (Seely), wings; Templeton,
full.
Palo Alto Athletic Club —Card, wing
forward; Flugel, Butterfield, front
rank; Brainard, lock; Sncll, Cordson,
side rank; Barkle, G. Nagel, rear
rank; Heylard, half; O. Nagel, first
five; Hertz, second five; Johnson,
center three; Hansen, Cobb, wings;
Bell, full.
Stanford Varsity handed a 47 to 0
defeat to the Palo Alto Athletic Club
by way of adding to the discourage
ment of the Santa Clara fans in the
bleachers. Both scrum and backs
worked perfectly and the game became
only a question of the final score.
Practically every man on the Varsity
took part in the passing rushes, al
though the backs counted for most of
the points. Hauser to Wark to Chand
ler to Heron to Lilly or Weeks was
the usual order in the first half.
Saturday's battle furnished some in
teresting dope for the fans. Sauta
Clara defeated the club men last Sun
day 30 to 0, while the count for Stan
ford was 47.
The teams lined up as follows:
Stanford—Winhain, wing forward;
Betts, (Curtice), Barneson, front rank;
Righter, lock; Schwarzenbek, Flood,
side rank; Pettingill, Kegley, rear
rank; Hauser, half; Wark, (Lilly),
first five; Chandler, second five;
Heron, center three; Lilly, (Wark),
Weeks, (Seely), wings; Templeton,
full.
Palo Alto Athletic Club —Card, wing
forward; Flugel, Butterfield, front
rank; Brainard, lock; Sncll, Cordson,
side rank; Barkle, G. Nagel, rear
rank; Heylard, half; O. Nagel, first
five; Hertz, second five; Johnson,
center three; Hansen, Cobb, wings;
Bell, full.
Stanford Varsity handed a 47 to 0
defeat to the Palo Alto Athletic Club
by way of adding to the discourage
ment of the Santa Clara fans in the
bleachers. Both scrum and backs
worked perfectly and the game became
only a question of the final score.
Practically every man on the Varsity
took part in the passing rushes, al
though the backs counted for most of
the points. Hauser to Wark to Chand
ler to Heron to Lilly or Weeks was
the usual order in the first half.
Saturday's battle furnished some in
teresting dope for the fans. Sauta
Clara defeated the club men last Sun
day 30 to 0, while the count for Stan
ford was 47.
The teams lined up as follows:
Stanford—Winhain, wing forward;
Betts, (Curtice), Barneson, front rank;
Righter, lock; Schwarzenbek, Flood,
side rank; Pettingill, Kegley, rear
rank; Hauser, half; Wark, (Lilly),
first five; Chandler, second five;
Heron, center three; Lilly, (Wark),
Weeks, (Seely), wings; Templeton,
full.
Palo Alto Athletic Club —Card, wing
forward; Flugel, Butterfield, front
rank; Brainard, lock; Sncll, Cordson,
side rank; Barkle, G. Nagel, rear
rank; Heylard, half; O. Nagel, first
five; Hertz, second five; Johnson,
center three; Hansen, Cobb, wings;
Bell, full.
Stanford Varsity handed a 47 to 0
defeat to the Palo Alto Athletic Club
by way of adding to the discourage
ment of the Santa Clara fans in the
bleachers. Both scrum and backs
worked perfectly and the game became
only a question of the final score.
Practically every man on the Varsity
took part in the passing rushes, al
though the backs counted for most of
the points. Hauser to Wark to Chand
ler to Heron to Lilly or Weeks was
the usual order in the first half.
Saturday's battle furnished some in
teresting dope for the fans. Sauta
Clara defeated the club men last Sun
day 30 to 0, while the count for Stan
ford was 47.
The teams lined up as follows:
Stanford—Winhain, wing forward;
Betts, (Curtice), Barneson, front rank;
Righter, lock; Schwarzenbek, Flood,
side rank; Pettingill, Kegley, rear
rank; Hauser, half; Wark, (Lilly),
first five; Chandler, second five;
Heron, center three; Lilly, (Wark),
Weeks, (Seely), wings; Templeton,
full.
Palo Alto Athletic Club —Card, wing
forward; Flugel, Butterfield, front
rank; Brainard, lock; Sncll, Cordson,
side rank; Barkle, G. Nagel, rear
rank; Heylard, half; O. Nagel, first
five; Hertz, second five; Johnson,
center three; Hansen, Cobb, wings;
Bell, full.
Stanford Varsity handed a 47 to 0
defeat to the Palo Alto Athletic Club
by way of adding to the discourage
ment of the Santa Clara fans in the
bleachers. Both scrum and backs
worked perfectly and the game became
only a question of the final score.
Practically every man on the Varsity
took part in the passing rushes, al
though the backs counted for most of
the points. Hauser to Wark to Chand
ler to Heron to Lilly or Weeks was
the usual order in the first half.
Saturday's battle furnished some in
teresting dope for the fans. Sauta
Clara defeated the club men last Sun
day 30 to 0, while the count for Stan
ford was 47.
The teams lined up as follows:
Stanford—Winhain, wing forward;
Betts, (Curtice), Barneson, front rank;
Righter, lock; Schwarzenbek, Flood,
side rank; Pettingill, Kegley, rear
rank; Hauser, half; Wark, (Lilly),
first five; Chandler, second five;
Heron, center three; Lilly, (Wark),
Weeks, (Seely), wings; Templeton,
full.
Palo Alto Athletic Club —Card, wing
forward; Flugel, Butterfield, front
rank; Brainard, lock; Sncll, Cordson,
side rank; Barkle, G. Nagel, rear
rank; Heylard, half; O. Nagel, first
five; Hertz, second five; Johnson,
center three; Hansen, Cobb, wings;
Bell, full.
Stanford Varsity handed a 47 to 0
defeat to the Palo Alto Athletic Club
by way of adding to the discourage
ment of the Santa Clara fans in the
bleachers. Both scrum and backs
worked perfectly and the game became
only a question of the final score.
Practically every man on the Varsity
took part in the passing rushes, al
though the backs counted for most of
the points. Hauser to Wark to Chand
ler to Heron to Lilly or Weeks was
the usual order in the first half.
Saturday's battle furnished some in
teresting dope for the fans. Sauta
Clara defeated the club men last Sun
day 30 to 0, while the count for Stan
ford was 47.
The teams lined up as follows:
Stanford—Winhain, wing forward;
Betts, (Curtice), Barneson, front rank;
Righter, lock; Schwarzenbek, Flood,
side rank; Pettingill, Kegley, rear
rank; Hauser, half; Wark, (Lilly),
first five; Chandler, second five;
Heron, center three; Lilly, (Wark),
Weeks, (Seely), wings; Templeton,
full.
Palo Alto Athletic Club —Card, wing
forward; Flugel, Butterfield, front
rank; Brainard, lock; Sncll, Cordson,
side rank; Barkle, G. Nagel, rear
rank; Heylard, half; O. Nagel, first
five; Hertz, second five; Johnson,
center three; Hansen, Cobb, wings;
Bell, full.
Stanford Varsity handed a 47 to 0
defeat to the Palo Alto Athletic Club
by way of adding to the discourage
ment of the Santa Clara fans in the
bleachers. Both scrum and backs
worked perfectly and the game became
only a question of the final score.
Practically every man on the Varsity
took part in the passing rushes, al
though the backs counted for most of
the points. Hauser to Wark to Chand
ler to Heron to Lilly or Weeks was
the usual order in the first half.
Saturday's battle furnished some in
teresting dope for the fans. Sauta
Clara defeated the club men last Sun
day 30 to 0, while the count for Stan
ford was 47.
The teams lined up as follows:
Stanford—Winhain, wing forward;
Betts, (Curtice), Barneson, front rank;
Righter, lock; Schwarzenbek, Flood,
side rank; Pettingill, Kegley, rear
rank; Hauser, half; Wark, (Lilly),
first five; Chandler, second five;
Heron, center three; Lilly, (Wark),
Weeks, (Seely), wings; Templeton,
full.
Palo Alto Athletic Club —Card, wing
forward; Flugel, Butterfield, front
rank; Brainard, lock; Sncll, Cordson,
side rank; Barkle, G. Nagel, rear
rank; Heylard, half; O. Nagel, first
five; Hertz, second five; Johnson,
center three; Hansen, Cobb, wings;
Bell, full.
Stanford Varsity handed a 47 to 0
defeat to the Palo Alto Athletic Club
by way of adding to the discourage
ment of the Santa Clara fans in the
bleachers. Both scrum and backs
worked perfectly and the game became
only a question of the final score.
Practically every man on the Varsity
took part in the passing rushes, al
though the backs counted for most of
the points. Hauser to Wark to Chand
ler to Heron to Lilly or Weeks was
the usual order in the first half.
Saturday's battle furnished some in
teresting dope for the fans. Sauta
Clara defeated the club men last Sun
day 30 to 0, while the count for Stan
ford was 47.
The teams lined up as follows:
Stanford—Winhain, wing forward;
Betts, (Curtice), Barneson, front rank;
Righter, lock; Schwarzenbek, Flood,
side rank; Pettingill, Kegley, rear
rank; Hauser, half; Wark, (Lilly),
first five; Chandler, second five;
Heron, center three; Lilly, (Wark),
Weeks, (Seely), wings; Templeton,
full.
Palo Alto Athletic Club —Card, wing
forward; Flugel, Butterfield, front
rank; Brainard, lock; Sncll, Cordson,
side rank; Barkle, G. Nagel, rear
rank; Heylard, half; O. Nagel, first
five; Hertz, second five; Johnson,
center three; Hansen, Cobb, wings;
Bell, full.
Stanford Varsity handed a 47 to 0
defeat to the Palo Alto Athletic Club
by way of adding to the discourage
ment of the Santa Clara fans in the
bleachers. Both scrum and backs
worked perfectly and the game became
only a question of the final score.
Practically every man on the Varsity
took part in the passing rushes, al
though the backs counted for most of
the points. Hauser to Wark to Chand
ler to Heron to Lilly or Weeks was
the usual order in the first half.
Saturday's battle furnished some in
teresting dope for the fans. Sauta
Clara defeated the club men last Sun
day 30 to 0, while the count for Stan
ford was 47.
The teams lined up as follows:
Stanford—Winhain, wing forward;
Betts, (Curtice), Barneson, front rank;
Righter, lock; Schwarzenbek, Flood,
side rank; Pettingill, Kegley, rear
rank; Hauser, half; Wark, (Lilly),
first five; Chandler, second five;
Heron, center three; Lilly, (Wark),
Weeks, (Seely), wings; Templeton,
full.
Palo Alto Athletic Club —Card, wing
forward; Flugel, Butterfield, front
rank; Brainard, lock; Sncll, Cordson,
side rank; Barkle, G. Nagel, rear
rank; Heylard, half; O. Nagel, first
five; Hertz, second five; Johnson,
center three; Hansen, Cobb, wings;
Bell, full.
Stanford Varsity handed a 47 to 0
defeat to the Palo Alto Athletic Club
by way of adding to the discourage
ment of the Santa Clara fans in the
bleachers. Both scrum and backs
worked perfectly and the game became
only a question of the final score.
Practically every man on the Varsity
took part in the passing rushes, al
though the backs counted for most of
the points. Hauser to Wark to Chand
ler to Heron to Lilly or Weeks was
the usual order in the first half.
Saturday's battle furnished some in
teresting dope for the fans. Sauta
Clara defeated the club men last Sun
day 30 to 0, while the count for Stan
ford was 47.
The teams lined up as follows:
Stanford—Winhain, wing forward;
Betts, (Curtice), Barneson, front rank;
Righter, lock; Schwarzenbek, Flood,
side rank; Pettingill, Kegley, rear
rank; Hauser, half; Wark, (Lilly),
first five; Chandler, second five;
Heron, center three; Lilly, (Wark),
Weeks, (Seely), wings; Templeton,
full.
Palo Alto Athletic Club —Card, wing
forward; Flugel, Butterfield, front
rank; Brainard, lock; Sncll, Cordson,
side rank; Barkle, G. Nagel, rear
rank; Heylard, half; O. Nagel, first
five; Hertz, second five; Johnson,
center three; Hansen, Cobb, wings;
Bell, full.
Stanford Varsity handed a 47 to 0
defeat to the Palo Alto Athletic Club
by way of adding to the discourage
ment of the Santa Clara fans in the
bleachers. Both scrum and backs
worked perfectly and the game became
only a question of the final score.
Practically every man on the Varsity
took part in the passing rushes, al
though the backs counted for most of
the points. Hauser to Wark to Chand
ler to Heron to Lilly or Weeks was
the usual order in the first half.
Saturday's battle furnished some in
teresting dope for the fans. Sauta
Clara defeated the club men last Sun
day 30 to 0, while the count for Stan
ford was 47.
The teams lined up as follows:
Stanford—Winhain, wing forward;
Betts, (Curtice), Barneson, front rank;
Righter, lock; Schwarzenbek, Flood,
side rank; Pettingill, Kegley, rear
rank; Hauser, half; Wark, (Lilly),
first five; Chandler, second five;
Heron, center three; Lilly, (Wark),
Weeks, (Seely), wings; Templeton,
full.
Palo Alto Athletic Club —Card, wing
forward; Flugel, Butterfield, front
rank; Brainard, lock; Sncll, Cordson,
side rank; Barkle, G. Nagel, rear
rank; Heylard, half; O. Nagel, first
five; Hertz, second five; Johnson,
center three; Hansen, Cobb, wings;
Bell, full.
