# Adv. 50 Page 12
## 
### 
735
— Spend a summer of
K service in iMtin America.
— Enhance your professional
school application.
As an AMIGOS volun
teer, you can provide pub
lic health services that
save lives in Latin America
while gaining valuable ex
perience for your future.
Start training now for next
summer.
Contact:
Amigos de las Americas
5618 Stor Lane
Houston Texas 77057
1-800-231 7790 (713)782 5290
1-800 392-4580 (In Texas)
735
— Spend a summer of
K service in iMtin America.
— Enhance your professional
school application.
As an AMIGOS volun
teer, you can provide pub
lic health services that
save lives in Latin America
while gaining valuable ex
perience for your future.
Start training now for next
summer.
Contact:
Amigos de las Americas
5618 Stor Lane
Houston Texas 77057
1-800-231 7790 (713)782 5290
1-800 392-4580 (In Texas)
735
— Spend a summer of
K service in iMtin America.
— Enhance your professional
school application.
As an AMIGOS volun
teer, you can provide pub
lic health services that
save lives in Latin America
while gaining valuable ex
perience for your future.
Start training now for next
summer.
Contact:
Amigos de las Americas
5618 Stor Lane
Houston Texas 77057
1-800-231 7790 (713)782 5290
1-800 392-4580 (In Texas)
735
— Spend a summer of
K service in iMtin America.
— Enhance your professional
school application.
As an AMIGOS volun
teer, you can provide pub
lic health services that
save lives in Latin America
while gaining valuable ex
perience for your future.
Start training now for next
summer.
Contact:
Amigos de las Americas
5618 Stor Lane
Houston Texas 77057
1-800-231 7790 (713)782 5290
1-800 392-4580 (In Texas)
735
— Spend a summer of
K service in iMtin America.
— Enhance your professional
school application.
As an AMIGOS volun
teer, you can provide pub
lic health services that
save lives in Latin America
while gaining valuable ex
perience for your future.
Start training now for next
summer.
Contact:
Amigos de las Americas
5618 Stor Lane
Houston Texas 77057
1-800-231 7790 (713)782 5290
1-800 392-4580 (In Texas)
735
— Spend a summer of
K service in iMtin America.
— Enhance your professional
school application.
As an AMIGOS volun
teer, you can provide pub
lic health services that
save lives in Latin America
while gaining valuable ex
perience for your future.
Start training now for next
summer.
Contact:
Amigos de las Americas
5618 Stor Lane
Houston Texas 77057
1-800-231 7790 (713)782 5290
1-800 392-4580 (In Texas)
735
— Spend a summer of
K service in iMtin America.
— Enhance your professional
school application.
As an AMIGOS volun
teer, you can provide pub
lic health services that
save lives in Latin America
while gaining valuable ex
perience for your future.
Start training now for next
summer.
Contact:
Amigos de las Americas
5618 Stor Lane
Houston Texas 77057
1-800-231 7790 (713)782 5290
1-800 392-4580 (In Texas)
735
— Spend a summer of
K service in iMtin America.
— Enhance your professional
school application.
As an AMIGOS volun
teer, you can provide pub
lic health services that
save lives in Latin America
while gaining valuable ex
perience for your future.
Start training now for next
summer.
Contact:
Amigos de las Americas
5618 Stor Lane
Houston Texas 77057
1-800-231 7790 (713)782 5290
1-800 392-4580 (In Texas)
