# SPRING QUARTER
## 
### 
Instruction for spring quarter
classes will begin on March 2i). not
March 31 as stated in the winter
time schedule, corrected Miss Mir
iam Remtle, editorial secretary.
Registrar's Ofiice.
Instruction for spring quarter
classes will begin on March 2i). not
March 31 as stated in the winter
time schedule, corrected Miss Mir
iam Remtle, editorial secretary.
Registrar's Ofiice.
Instruction for spring quarter
classes will begin on March 2i). not
March 31 as stated in the winter
time schedule, corrected Miss Mir
iam Remtle, editorial secretary.
Registrar's Ofiice.
Instruction for spring quarter
classes will begin on March 2i). not
March 31 as stated in the winter
time schedule, corrected Miss Mir
iam Remtle, editorial secretary.
Registrar's Ofiice.
Instruction for spring quarter
classes will begin on March 2i). not
March 31 as stated in the winter
time schedule, corrected Miss Mir
iam Remtle, editorial secretary.
Registrar's Ofiice.
Instruction for spring quarter
classes will begin on March 2i). not
March 31 as stated in the winter
time schedule, corrected Miss Mir
iam Remtle, editorial secretary.
Registrar's Ofiice.
Instruction for spring quarter
classes will begin on March 2i). not
March 31 as stated in the winter
time schedule, corrected Miss Mir
iam Remtle, editorial secretary.
Registrar's Ofiice.
Instruction for spring quarter
classes will begin on March 2i). not
March 31 as stated in the winter
time schedule, corrected Miss Mir
iam Remtle, editorial secretary.
Registrar's Ofiice.
Instruction for spring quarter
classes will begin on March 2i). not
March 31 as stated in the winter
time schedule, corrected Miss Mir
iam Remtle, editorial secretary.
Registrar's Ofiice.
Instruction for spring quarter
classes will begin on March 2i). not
March 31 as stated in the winter
time schedule, corrected Miss Mir
iam Remtle, editorial secretary.
Registrar's Ofiice.
Instruction for spring quarter
classes will begin on March 2i). not
March 31 as stated in the winter
time schedule, corrected Miss Mir
iam Remtle, editorial secretary.
Registrar's Ofiice.
Instruction for spring quarter
classes will begin on March 2i). not
March 31 as stated in the winter
time schedule, corrected Miss Mir
iam Remtle, editorial secretary.
Registrar's Ofiice.
Instruction for spring quarter
classes will begin on March 2i). not
March 31 as stated in the winter
time schedule, corrected Miss Mir
iam Remtle, editorial secretary.
Registrar's Ofiice.
Instruction for spring quarter
classes will begin on March 2i). not
March 31 as stated in the winter
time schedule, corrected Miss Mir
iam Remtle, editorial secretary.
Registrar's Ofiice.
Instruction for spring quarter
classes will begin on March 2i). not
March 31 as stated in the winter
time schedule, corrected Miss Mir
iam Remtle, editorial secretary.
Registrar's Ofiice.
Instruction for spring quarter
classes will begin on March 2i). not
March 31 as stated in the winter
time schedule, corrected Miss Mir
iam Remtle, editorial secretary.
Registrar's Ofiice.
