# Army End Named Lineman of Week
## 
### 
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (>Pk — Bill
Kellum, Army end, today gained
honors as lineman of the week in
the final Associated Press poll of
the season.
Kellum, a 22 - year - old from
Haynesville, La., earned the award
for his top play in the Army-Navy
struggle before 102,000 at Philadel
phia.
The 190-pound end never let any
plays get around him. He either
made the tackle or forced the run
ner to cut back inside. His number
"85 seemed to be in most key
plays.
One of these came on the first

play of the second quarter. Under
dog Navy, already ahead 7-0. had
the ball on the Army 12. third
down, six to go. Reaves Baysinger
of Navy faded back to pass, but
Kellum tossed him for a nine-yard
loss before he could get the ball
away.
Early in the third quarter Kellum
broke through to block a Navy punt
that gave Army the ball on the
Navy 38.
Navy, a three-touchdown under
dog. might have won but for Kel
lum's play. As it was the game
ended in a 21-21 tie.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (>Pk — Bill
Kellum, Army end, today gained
honors as lineman of the week in
the final Associated Press poll of
the season.
Kellum, a 22 - year - old from
Haynesville, La., earned the award
for his top play in the Army-Navy
struggle before 102,000 at Philadel
phia.
The 190-pound end never let any
plays get around him. He either
made the tackle or forced the run
ner to cut back inside. His number
"85 seemed to be in most key
plays.
One of these came on the first

play of the second quarter. Under
dog Navy, already ahead 7-0. had
the ball on the Army 12. third
down, six to go. Reaves Baysinger
of Navy faded back to pass, but
Kellum tossed him for a nine-yard
loss before he could get the ball
away.
Early in the third quarter Kellum
broke through to block a Navy punt
that gave Army the ball on the
Navy 38.
Navy, a three-touchdown under
dog. might have won but for Kel
lum's play. As it was the game
ended in a 21-21 tie.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (>Pk — Bill
Kellum, Army end, today gained
honors as lineman of the week in
the final Associated Press poll of
the season.
Kellum, a 22 - year - old from
Haynesville, La., earned the award
for his top play in the Army-Navy
struggle before 102,000 at Philadel
phia.
The 190-pound end never let any
plays get around him. He either
made the tackle or forced the run
ner to cut back inside. His number
"85 seemed to be in most key
plays.
One of these came on the first

play of the second quarter. Under
dog Navy, already ahead 7-0. had
the ball on the Army 12. third
down, six to go. Reaves Baysinger
of Navy faded back to pass, but
Kellum tossed him for a nine-yard
loss before he could get the ball
away.
Early in the third quarter Kellum
broke through to block a Navy punt
that gave Army the ball on the
Navy 38.
Navy, a three-touchdown under
dog. might have won but for Kel
lum's play. As it was the game
ended in a 21-21 tie.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (>Pk — Bill
Kellum, Army end, today gained
honors as lineman of the week in
the final Associated Press poll of
the season.
Kellum, a 22 - year - old from
Haynesville, La., earned the award
for his top play in the Army-Navy
struggle before 102,000 at Philadel
phia.
The 190-pound end never let any
plays get around him. He either
made the tackle or forced the run
ner to cut back inside. His number
"85 seemed to be in most key
plays.
One of these came on the first

play of the second quarter. Under
dog Navy, already ahead 7-0. had
the ball on the Army 12. third
down, six to go. Reaves Baysinger
of Navy faded back to pass, but
Kellum tossed him for a nine-yard
loss before he could get the ball
away.
Early in the third quarter Kellum
broke through to block a Navy punt
that gave Army the ball on the
Navy 38.
Navy, a three-touchdown under
dog. might have won but for Kel
lum's play. As it was the game
ended in a 21-21 tie.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (>Pk — Bill
Kellum, Army end, today gained
honors as lineman of the week in
the final Associated Press poll of
the season.
Kellum, a 22 - year - old from
Haynesville, La., earned the award
for his top play in the Army-Navy
struggle before 102,000 at Philadel
phia.
The 190-pound end never let any
plays get around him. He either
made the tackle or forced the run
ner to cut back inside. His number
"85 seemed to be in most key
plays.
One of these came on the first

play of the second quarter. Under
dog Navy, already ahead 7-0. had
the ball on the Army 12. third
down, six to go. Reaves Baysinger
of Navy faded back to pass, but
Kellum tossed him for a nine-yard
loss before he could get the ball
away.
Early in the third quarter Kellum
broke through to block a Navy punt
that gave Army the ball on the
Navy 38.
Navy, a three-touchdown under
dog. might have won but for Kel
lum's play. As it was the game
ended in a 21-21 tie.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (>Pk — Bill
Kellum, Army end, today gained
honors as lineman of the week in
the final Associated Press poll of
the season.
Kellum, a 22 - year - old from
Haynesville, La., earned the award
for his top play in the Army-Navy
struggle before 102,000 at Philadel
phia.
The 190-pound end never let any
plays get around him. He either
made the tackle or forced the run
ner to cut back inside. His number
"85 seemed to be in most key
plays.
One of these came on the first

play of the second quarter. Under
dog Navy, already ahead 7-0. had
the ball on the Army 12. third
down, six to go. Reaves Baysinger
of Navy faded back to pass, but
Kellum tossed him for a nine-yard
loss before he could get the ball
away.
Early in the third quarter Kellum
broke through to block a Navy punt
that gave Army the ball on the
Navy 38.
Navy, a three-touchdown under
dog. might have won but for Kel
lum's play. As it was the game
ended in a 21-21 tie.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (>Pk — Bill
Kellum, Army end, today gained
honors as lineman of the week in
the final Associated Press poll of
the season.
Kellum, a 22 - year - old from
Haynesville, La., earned the award
for his top play in the Army-Navy
struggle before 102,000 at Philadel
phia.
The 190-pound end never let any
plays get around him. He either
made the tackle or forced the run
ner to cut back inside. His number
"85 seemed to be in most key
plays.
One of these came on the first

play of the second quarter. Under
dog Navy, already ahead 7-0. had
the ball on the Army 12. third
down, six to go. Reaves Baysinger
of Navy faded back to pass, but
Kellum tossed him for a nine-yard
loss before he could get the ball
away.
Early in the third quarter Kellum
broke through to block a Navy punt
that gave Army the ball on the
Navy 38.
Navy, a three-touchdown under
dog. might have won but for Kel
lum's play. As it was the game
ended in a 21-21 tie.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (>Pk — Bill
Kellum, Army end, today gained
honors as lineman of the week in
the final Associated Press poll of
the season.
Kellum, a 22 - year - old from
Haynesville, La., earned the award
for his top play in the Army-Navy
struggle before 102,000 at Philadel
phia.
The 190-pound end never let any
plays get around him. He either
made the tackle or forced the run
ner to cut back inside. His number
"85 seemed to be in most key
plays.
One of these came on the first

play of the second quarter. Under
dog Navy, already ahead 7-0. had
the ball on the Army 12. third
down, six to go. Reaves Baysinger
of Navy faded back to pass, but
Kellum tossed him for a nine-yard
loss before he could get the ball
away.
Early in the third quarter Kellum
broke through to block a Navy punt
that gave Army the ball on the
Navy 38.
Navy, a three-touchdown under
dog. might have won but for Kel
lum's play. As it was the game
ended in a 21-21 tie.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (>Pk — Bill
Kellum, Army end, today gained
honors as lineman of the week in
the final Associated Press poll of
the season.
Kellum, a 22 - year - old from
Haynesville, La., earned the award
for his top play in the Army-Navy
struggle before 102,000 at Philadel
phia.
The 190-pound end never let any
plays get around him. He either
made the tackle or forced the run
ner to cut back inside. His number
"85 seemed to be in most key
plays.
One of these came on the first

play of the second quarter. Under
dog Navy, already ahead 7-0. had
the ball on the Army 12. third
down, six to go. Reaves Baysinger
of Navy faded back to pass, but
Kellum tossed him for a nine-yard
loss before he could get the ball
away.
Early in the third quarter Kellum
broke through to block a Navy punt
that gave Army the ball on the
Navy 38.
Navy, a three-touchdown under
dog. might have won but for Kel
lum's play. As it was the game
ended in a 21-21 tie.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (>Pk — Bill
Kellum, Army end, today gained
honors as lineman of the week in
the final Associated Press poll of
the season.
Kellum, a 22 - year - old from
Haynesville, La., earned the award
for his top play in the Army-Navy
struggle before 102,000 at Philadel
phia.
The 190-pound end never let any
plays get around him. He either
made the tackle or forced the run
ner to cut back inside. His number
"85 seemed to be in most key
plays.
One of these came on the first

play of the second quarter. Under
dog Navy, already ahead 7-0. had
the ball on the Army 12. third
down, six to go. Reaves Baysinger
of Navy faded back to pass, but
Kellum tossed him for a nine-yard
loss before he could get the ball
away.
Early in the third quarter Kellum
broke through to block a Navy punt
that gave Army the ball on the
Navy 38.
Navy, a three-touchdown under
dog. might have won but for Kel
lum's play. As it was the game
ended in a 21-21 tie.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (>Pk — Bill
Kellum, Army end, today gained
honors as lineman of the week in
the final Associated Press poll of
the season.
Kellum, a 22 - year - old from
Haynesville, La., earned the award
for his top play in the Army-Navy
struggle before 102,000 at Philadel
phia.
The 190-pound end never let any
plays get around him. He either
made the tackle or forced the run
ner to cut back inside. His number
"85 seemed to be in most key
plays.
One of these came on the first

play of the second quarter. Under
dog Navy, already ahead 7-0. had
the ball on the Army 12. third
down, six to go. Reaves Baysinger
of Navy faded back to pass, but
Kellum tossed him for a nine-yard
loss before he could get the ball
away.
Early in the third quarter Kellum
broke through to block a Navy punt
that gave Army the ball on the
Navy 38.
Navy, a three-touchdown under
dog. might have won but for Kel
lum's play. As it was the game
ended in a 21-21 tie.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (>Pk — Bill
Kellum, Army end, today gained
honors as lineman of the week in
the final Associated Press poll of
the season.
Kellum, a 22 - year - old from
Haynesville, La., earned the award
for his top play in the Army-Navy
struggle before 102,000 at Philadel
phia.
The 190-pound end never let any
plays get around him. He either
made the tackle or forced the run
ner to cut back inside. His number
"85 seemed to be in most key
plays.
One of these came on the first

play of the second quarter. Under
dog Navy, already ahead 7-0. had
the ball on the Army 12. third
down, six to go. Reaves Baysinger
of Navy faded back to pass, but
Kellum tossed him for a nine-yard
loss before he could get the ball
away.
Early in the third quarter Kellum
broke through to block a Navy punt
that gave Army the ball on the
Navy 38.
Navy, a three-touchdown under
dog. might have won but for Kel
lum's play. As it was the game
ended in a 21-21 tie.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (>Pk — Bill
Kellum, Army end, today gained
honors as lineman of the week in
the final Associated Press poll of
the season.
Kellum, a 22 - year - old from
Haynesville, La., earned the award
for his top play in the Army-Navy
struggle before 102,000 at Philadel
phia.
The 190-pound end never let any
plays get around him. He either
made the tackle or forced the run
ner to cut back inside. His number
"85 seemed to be in most key
plays.
One of these came on the first

play of the second quarter. Under
dog Navy, already ahead 7-0. had
the ball on the Army 12. third
down, six to go. Reaves Baysinger
of Navy faded back to pass, but
Kellum tossed him for a nine-yard
loss before he could get the ball
away.
Early in the third quarter Kellum
broke through to block a Navy punt
that gave Army the ball on the
Navy 38.
Navy, a three-touchdown under
dog. might have won but for Kel
lum's play. As it was the game
ended in a 21-21 tie.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (>Pk — Bill
Kellum, Army end, today gained
honors as lineman of the week in
the final Associated Press poll of
the season.
Kellum, a 22 - year - old from
Haynesville, La., earned the award
for his top play in the Army-Navy
struggle before 102,000 at Philadel
phia.
The 190-pound end never let any
plays get around him. He either
made the tackle or forced the run
ner to cut back inside. His number
"85 seemed to be in most key
plays.
One of these came on the first

play of the second quarter. Under
dog Navy, already ahead 7-0. had
the ball on the Army 12. third
down, six to go. Reaves Baysinger
of Navy faded back to pass, but
Kellum tossed him for a nine-yard
loss before he could get the ball
away.
Early in the third quarter Kellum
broke through to block a Navy punt
that gave Army the ball on the
Navy 38.
Navy, a three-touchdown under
dog. might have won but for Kel
lum's play. As it was the game
ended in a 21-21 tie.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (>Pk — Bill
Kellum, Army end, today gained
honors as lineman of the week in
the final Associated Press poll of
the season.
Kellum, a 22 - year - old from
Haynesville, La., earned the award
for his top play in the Army-Navy
struggle before 102,000 at Philadel
phia.
The 190-pound end never let any
plays get around him. He either
made the tackle or forced the run
ner to cut back inside. His number
"85 seemed to be in most key
plays.
One of these came on the first

play of the second quarter. Under
dog Navy, already ahead 7-0. had
the ball on the Army 12. third
down, six to go. Reaves Baysinger
of Navy faded back to pass, but
Kellum tossed him for a nine-yard
loss before he could get the ball
away.
Early in the third quarter Kellum
broke through to block a Navy punt
that gave Army the ball on the
Navy 38.
Navy, a three-touchdown under
dog. might have won but for Kel
lum's play. As it was the game
ended in a 21-21 tie.
NEW YORK. Dec. 1 (>Pk — Bill
Kellum, Army end, today gained
honors as lineman of the week in
the final Associated Press poll of
the season.
Kellum, a 22 - year - old from
Haynesville, La., earned the award
for his top play in the Army-Navy
struggle before 102,000 at Philadel
phia.
The 190-pound end never let any
plays get around him. He either
made the tackle or forced the run
ner to cut back inside. His number
"85 seemed to be in most key
plays.
One of these came on the first

play of the second quarter. Under
dog Navy, already ahead 7-0. had
the ball on the Army 12. third
down, six to go. Reaves Baysinger
of Navy faded back to pass, but
Kellum tossed him for a nine-yard
loss before he could get the ball
away.
Early in the third quarter Kellum
broke through to block a Navy punt
that gave Army the ball on the
Navy 38.
Navy, a three-touchdown under
dog. might have won but for Kel
lum's play. As it was the game
ended in a 21-21 tie.
