# Newman Club Elections
## 
### 
Final Newman Club elections will
take place tonight at 7:45 in St.
Thomas Aquinas Church. Homer and
Waverley streets, Palo Alto. Elected
officers will be installed at this
same meeting, the last of the quar
ter.
Final Newman Club elections will
take place tonight at 7:45 in St.
Thomas Aquinas Church. Homer and
Waverley streets, Palo Alto. Elected
officers will be installed at this
same meeting, the last of the quar
ter.
Final Newman Club elections will
take place tonight at 7:45 in St.
Thomas Aquinas Church. Homer and
Waverley streets, Palo Alto. Elected
officers will be installed at this
same meeting, the last of the quar
ter.
Final Newman Club elections will
take place tonight at 7:45 in St.
Thomas Aquinas Church. Homer and
Waverley streets, Palo Alto. Elected
officers will be installed at this
same meeting, the last of the quar
ter.
Final Newman Club elections will
take place tonight at 7:45 in St.
Thomas Aquinas Church. Homer and
Waverley streets, Palo Alto. Elected
officers will be installed at this
same meeting, the last of the quar
ter.
Final Newman Club elections will
take place tonight at 7:45 in St.
Thomas Aquinas Church. Homer and
Waverley streets, Palo Alto. Elected
officers will be installed at this
same meeting, the last of the quar
ter.
Final Newman Club elections will
take place tonight at 7:45 in St.
Thomas Aquinas Church. Homer and
Waverley streets, Palo Alto. Elected
officers will be installed at this
same meeting, the last of the quar
ter.
Final Newman Club elections will
take place tonight at 7:45 in St.
Thomas Aquinas Church. Homer and
Waverley streets, Palo Alto. Elected
officers will be installed at this
same meeting, the last of the quar
ter.
Final Newman Club elections will
take place tonight at 7:45 in St.
Thomas Aquinas Church. Homer and
Waverley streets, Palo Alto. Elected
officers will be installed at this
same meeting, the last of the quar
ter.
Final Newman Club elections will
take place tonight at 7:45 in St.
Thomas Aquinas Church. Homer and
Waverley streets, Palo Alto. Elected
officers will be installed at this
same meeting, the last of the quar
ter.
Final Newman Club elections will
take place tonight at 7:45 in St.
Thomas Aquinas Church. Homer and
Waverley streets, Palo Alto. Elected
officers will be installed at this
same meeting, the last of the quar
ter.
Final Newman Club elections will
take place tonight at 7:45 in St.
Thomas Aquinas Church. Homer and
Waverley streets, Palo Alto. Elected
officers will be installed at this
same meeting, the last of the quar
ter.
Final Newman Club elections will
take place tonight at 7:45 in St.
Thomas Aquinas Church. Homer and
Waverley streets, Palo Alto. Elected
officers will be installed at this
same meeting, the last of the quar
ter.
Final Newman Club elections will
take place tonight at 7:45 in St.
Thomas Aquinas Church. Homer and
Waverley streets, Palo Alto. Elected
officers will be installed at this
same meeting, the last of the quar
ter.
Final Newman Club elections will
take place tonight at 7:45 in St.
Thomas Aquinas Church. Homer and
Waverley streets, Palo Alto. Elected
officers will be installed at this
same meeting, the last of the quar
ter.
Final Newman Club elections will
take place tonight at 7:45 in St.
Thomas Aquinas Church. Homer and
Waverley streets, Palo Alto. Elected
officers will be installed at this
same meeting, the last of the quar
ter.
