# Engineers Hear Talk On Submarine Sounds
## 
### 
Professor H. J. Ryan, head of the
Electrical Engineering Department, gave
a lecture last night in the Mechanical
Engineering Building to all engineering
majors on the subject, "Super Sound."
The speaker discussed the different
methods that are used in the detection
of sound in submarine warfare, and de
scribed the search-sound echo method as
applied to anti-submarine maneuvers.
Professor H. J. Ryan, head of the
Electrical Engineering Department, gave
a lecture last night in the Mechanical
Engineering Building to all engineering
majors on the subject, "Super Sound."
The speaker discussed the different
methods that are used in the detection
of sound in submarine warfare, and de
scribed the search-sound echo method as
applied to anti-submarine maneuvers.
Professor H. J. Ryan, head of the
Electrical Engineering Department, gave
a lecture last night in the Mechanical
Engineering Building to all engineering
majors on the subject, "Super Sound."
The speaker discussed the different
methods that are used in the detection
of sound in submarine warfare, and de
scribed the search-sound echo method as
applied to anti-submarine maneuvers.
Professor H. J. Ryan, head of the
Electrical Engineering Department, gave
a lecture last night in the Mechanical
Engineering Building to all engineering
majors on the subject, "Super Sound."
The speaker discussed the different
methods that are used in the detection
of sound in submarine warfare, and de
scribed the search-sound echo method as
applied to anti-submarine maneuvers.
Professor H. J. Ryan, head of the
Electrical Engineering Department, gave
a lecture last night in the Mechanical
Engineering Building to all engineering
majors on the subject, "Super Sound."
The speaker discussed the different
methods that are used in the detection
of sound in submarine warfare, and de
scribed the search-sound echo method as
applied to anti-submarine maneuvers.
Professor H. J. Ryan, head of the
Electrical Engineering Department, gave
a lecture last night in the Mechanical
Engineering Building to all engineering
majors on the subject, "Super Sound."
The speaker discussed the different
methods that are used in the detection
of sound in submarine warfare, and de
scribed the search-sound echo method as
applied to anti-submarine maneuvers.
Professor H. J. Ryan, head of the
Electrical Engineering Department, gave
a lecture last night in the Mechanical
Engineering Building to all engineering
majors on the subject, "Super Sound."
The speaker discussed the different
methods that are used in the detection
of sound in submarine warfare, and de
scribed the search-sound echo method as
applied to anti-submarine maneuvers.
Professor H. J. Ryan, head of the
Electrical Engineering Department, gave
a lecture last night in the Mechanical
Engineering Building to all engineering
majors on the subject, "Super Sound."
The speaker discussed the different
methods that are used in the detection
of sound in submarine warfare, and de
scribed the search-sound echo method as
applied to anti-submarine maneuvers.
Professor H. J. Ryan, head of the
Electrical Engineering Department, gave
a lecture last night in the Mechanical
Engineering Building to all engineering
majors on the subject, "Super Sound."
The speaker discussed the different
methods that are used in the detection
of sound in submarine warfare, and de
scribed the search-sound echo method as
applied to anti-submarine maneuvers.
Professor H. J. Ryan, head of the
Electrical Engineering Department, gave
a lecture last night in the Mechanical
Engineering Building to all engineering
majors on the subject, "Super Sound."
The speaker discussed the different
methods that are used in the detection
of sound in submarine warfare, and de
scribed the search-sound echo method as
applied to anti-submarine maneuvers.
Professor H. J. Ryan, head of the
Electrical Engineering Department, gave
a lecture last night in the Mechanical
Engineering Building to all engineering
majors on the subject, "Super Sound."
The speaker discussed the different
methods that are used in the detection
of sound in submarine warfare, and de
scribed the search-sound echo method as
applied to anti-submarine maneuvers.
Professor H. J. Ryan, head of the
Electrical Engineering Department, gave
a lecture last night in the Mechanical
Engineering Building to all engineering
majors on the subject, "Super Sound."
The speaker discussed the different
methods that are used in the detection
of sound in submarine warfare, and de
scribed the search-sound echo method as
applied to anti-submarine maneuvers.
