# INDISPOSED STUDENTS MAY CONSULT WHITTIER
## 
### 
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness are requested to consult with
Professor C. B. Whittier, Acting Chair
man of the Committee on Scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10th, Room 3
(Law Building).
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness are requested to consult with
Professor C. B. Whittier, Acting Chair
man of the Committee on Scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10th, Room 3
(Law Building).
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness are requested to consult with
Professor C. B. Whittier, Acting Chair
man of the Committee on Scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10th, Room 3
(Law Building).
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness are requested to consult with
Professor C. B. Whittier, Acting Chair
man of the Committee on Scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10th, Room 3
(Law Building).
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness are requested to consult with
Professor C. B. Whittier, Acting Chair
man of the Committee on Scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10th, Room 3
(Law Building).
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness are requested to consult with
Professor C. B. Whittier, Acting Chair
man of the Committee on Scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10th, Room 3
(Law Building).
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness are requested to consult with
Professor C. B. Whittier, Acting Chair
man of the Committee on Scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10th, Room 3
(Law Building).
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness are requested to consult with
Professor C. B. Whittier, Acting Chair
man of the Committee on Scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10th, Room 3
(Law Building).
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness are requested to consult with
Professor C. B. Whittier, Acting Chair
man of the Committee on Scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10th, Room 3
(Law Building).
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness are requested to consult with
Professor C. B. Whittier, Acting Chair
man of the Committee on Scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10th, Room 3
(Law Building).
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness are requested to consult with
Professor C. B. Whittier, Acting Chair
man of the Committee on Scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10th, Room 3
(Law Building).
Students who feel that their work this
quarter has been seriously affected by
illness are requested to consult with
Professor C. B. Whittier, Acting Chair
man of the Committee on Scholarship,
Thursday afternoon, June 10th, Room 3
(Law Building).
