# DAVIS HEADS NEW DAILY PALO ALTO BUSINESS STAFF
## 
### 
W. M. Davis, '21, was named Business
Manager of the Daily Palo Alto by the
Executive Committee of the Associated
Students last night. He will succeed
Marguerite Roberts '20. A. W. Taylor
'22 and T. E. Bowen arc the new as
sistant managers, and J. S. McCutcheon
'23 is the new circulation manager.
Davis has been chief of The Daily
Palo Alto advertising scrvice for the
past year. He is a member of Sigma
Chi. Bowen is ai present circulation
manager of the Daily, and is a member
of Encina Club.* Taylor has been one
of the leading sophomore tryoutees for
the business staff during the last six
weeks. He is a Delta Chi. McCutchan
has been in the circulation department
for the last year. He is a member of
W. M. Davis, '21, was named Business
Manager of the Daily Palo Alto by the
Executive Committee of the Associated
Students last night. He will succeed
Marguerite Roberts '20. A. W. Taylor
'22 and T. E. Bowen arc the new as
sistant managers, and J. S. McCutcheon
'23 is the new circulation manager.
Davis has been chief of The Daily
Palo Alto advertising scrvice for the
past year. He is a member of Sigma
Chi. Bowen is ai present circulation
manager of the Daily, and is a member
of Encina Club.* Taylor has been one
of the leading sophomore tryoutees for
the business staff during the last six
weeks. He is a Delta Chi. McCutchan
has been in the circulation department
for the last year. He is a member of
W. M. Davis, '21, was named Business
Manager of the Daily Palo Alto by the
Executive Committee of the Associated
Students last night. He will succeed
Marguerite Roberts '20. A. W. Taylor
'22 and T. E. Bowen arc the new as
sistant managers, and J. S. McCutcheon
'23 is the new circulation manager.
Davis has been chief of The Daily
Palo Alto advertising scrvice for the
past year. He is a member of Sigma
Chi. Bowen is ai present circulation
manager of the Daily, and is a member
of Encina Club.* Taylor has been one
of the leading sophomore tryoutees for
the business staff during the last six
weeks. He is a Delta Chi. McCutchan
has been in the circulation department
for the last year. He is a member of
W. M. Davis, '21, was named Business
Manager of the Daily Palo Alto by the
Executive Committee of the Associated
Students last night. He will succeed
Marguerite Roberts '20. A. W. Taylor
'22 and T. E. Bowen arc the new as
sistant managers, and J. S. McCutcheon
'23 is the new circulation manager.
Davis has been chief of The Daily
Palo Alto advertising scrvice for the
past year. He is a member of Sigma
Chi. Bowen is ai present circulation
manager of the Daily, and is a member
of Encina Club.* Taylor has been one
of the leading sophomore tryoutees for
the business staff during the last six
weeks. He is a Delta Chi. McCutchan
has been in the circulation department
for the last year. He is a member of
W. M. Davis, '21, was named Business
Manager of the Daily Palo Alto by the
Executive Committee of the Associated
Students last night. He will succeed
Marguerite Roberts '20. A. W. Taylor
'22 and T. E. Bowen arc the new as
sistant managers, and J. S. McCutcheon
'23 is the new circulation manager.
Davis has been chief of The Daily
Palo Alto advertising scrvice for the
past year. He is a member of Sigma
Chi. Bowen is ai present circulation
manager of the Daily, and is a member
of Encina Club.* Taylor has been one
of the leading sophomore tryoutees for
the business staff during the last six
weeks. He is a Delta Chi. McCutchan
has been in the circulation department
for the last year. He is a member of
W. M. Davis, '21, was named Business
Manager of the Daily Palo Alto by the
Executive Committee of the Associated
Students last night. He will succeed
Marguerite Roberts '20. A. W. Taylor
'22 and T. E. Bowen arc the new as
sistant managers, and J. S. McCutcheon
'23 is the new circulation manager.
Davis has been chief of The Daily
Palo Alto advertising scrvice for the
past year. He is a member of Sigma
Chi. Bowen is ai present circulation
manager of the Daily, and is a member
of Encina Club.* Taylor has been one
of the leading sophomore tryoutees for
the business staff during the last six
weeks. He is a Delta Chi. McCutchan
has been in the circulation department
for the last year. He is a member of
W. M. Davis, '21, was named Business
Manager of the Daily Palo Alto by the
Executive Committee of the Associated
Students last night. He will succeed
Marguerite Roberts '20. A. W. Taylor
'22 and T. E. Bowen arc the new as
sistant managers, and J. S. McCutcheon
'23 is the new circulation manager.
Davis has been chief of The Daily
Palo Alto advertising scrvice for the
past year. He is a member of Sigma
Chi. Bowen is ai present circulation
manager of the Daily, and is a member
of Encina Club.* Taylor has been one
of the leading sophomore tryoutees for
the business staff during the last six
weeks. He is a Delta Chi. McCutchan
has been in the circulation department
for the last year. He is a member of
W. M. Davis, '21, was named Business
Manager of the Daily Palo Alto by the
Executive Committee of the Associated
Students last night. He will succeed
Marguerite Roberts '20. A. W. Taylor
'22 and T. E. Bowen arc the new as
sistant managers, and J. S. McCutcheon
'23 is the new circulation manager.
Davis has been chief of The Daily
Palo Alto advertising scrvice for the
past year. He is a member of Sigma
Chi. Bowen is ai present circulation
manager of the Daily, and is a member
of Encina Club.* Taylor has been one
of the leading sophomore tryoutees for
the business staff during the last six
weeks. He is a Delta Chi. McCutchan
has been in the circulation department
for the last year. He is a member of
W. M. Davis, '21, was named Business
Manager of the Daily Palo Alto by the
Executive Committee of the Associated
Students last night. He will succeed
Marguerite Roberts '20. A. W. Taylor
'22 and T. E. Bowen arc the new as
sistant managers, and J. S. McCutcheon
'23 is the new circulation manager.
Davis has been chief of The Daily
Palo Alto advertising scrvice for the
past year. He is a member of Sigma
Chi. Bowen is ai present circulation
manager of the Daily, and is a member
of Encina Club.* Taylor has been one
of the leading sophomore tryoutees for
the business staff during the last six
weeks. He is a Delta Chi. McCutchan
has been in the circulation department
for the last year. He is a member of
W. M. Davis, '21, was named Business
Manager of the Daily Palo Alto by the
Executive Committee of the Associated
Students last night. He will succeed
Marguerite Roberts '20. A. W. Taylor
'22 and T. E. Bowen arc the new as
sistant managers, and J. S. McCutcheon
'23 is the new circulation manager.
Davis has been chief of The Daily
Palo Alto advertising scrvice for the
past year. He is a member of Sigma
Chi. Bowen is ai present circulation
manager of the Daily, and is a member
of Encina Club.* Taylor has been one
of the leading sophomore tryoutees for
the business staff during the last six
weeks. He is a Delta Chi. McCutchan
has been in the circulation department
for the last year. He is a member of
W. M. Davis, '21, was named Business
Manager of the Daily Palo Alto by the
Executive Committee of the Associated
Students last night. He will succeed
Marguerite Roberts '20. A. W. Taylor
'22 and T. E. Bowen arc the new as
sistant managers, and J. S. McCutcheon
'23 is the new circulation manager.
Davis has been chief of The Daily
Palo Alto advertising scrvice for the
past year. He is a member of Sigma
Chi. Bowen is ai present circulation
manager of the Daily, and is a member
of Encina Club.* Taylor has been one
of the leading sophomore tryoutees for
the business staff during the last six
weeks. He is a Delta Chi. McCutchan
has been in the circulation department
for the last year. He is a member of
W. M. Davis, '21, was named Business
Manager of the Daily Palo Alto by the
Executive Committee of the Associated
Students last night. He will succeed
Marguerite Roberts '20. A. W. Taylor
'22 and T. E. Bowen arc the new as
sistant managers, and J. S. McCutcheon
'23 is the new circulation manager.
Davis has been chief of The Daily
Palo Alto advertising scrvice for the
past year. He is a member of Sigma
Chi. Bowen is ai present circulation
manager of the Daily, and is a member
of Encina Club.* Taylor has been one
of the leading sophomore tryoutees for
the business staff during the last six
weeks. He is a Delta Chi. McCutchan
has been in the circulation department
for the last year. He is a member of
