# LARGE VOTE CAST IN QUAD ELECTION HELD YESTERDAY
## 
### 
Final election returns received today
from the Quad election held yesterday
show that a great deal of interest was
manifested in the election by the stu
dents. A total of over 1,000 votes was
counted in the race for the presidency
of the Associated Students. F. L. Mc-
Elroy won easily over Fred Adams,
scoring a vote of 533 to 473. Anne
Hardy was elected Senior Representa
tive on the * Executive Council with a
vote of 552. Margaret McCall secured
338 votes.
Harry Austin was elected Junior
class president over A. A. Carrey, the
vote being 139 to 122. Evelyn Johnston
was chosen vice-president of the class
on a white ballot. W. C. Evans was
selected secretary of the class, and
Earle Thomas treasurer on white ballots.
Ross Fisher was elected editor of the
1922 Quad, receiving 147 votes. Rob
ert Connolly received 113 for the same
office. William Yosburgh was chosen
to manage the book over John Sibley,
who received 95 votes. Vosburgh polled
167 votes. *
Final election returns received today
from the Quad election held yesterday
show that a great deal of interest was
manifested in the election by the stu
dents. A total of over 1,000 votes was
counted in the race for the presidency
of the Associated Students. F. L. Mc-
Elroy won easily over Fred Adams,
scoring a vote of 533 to 473. Anne
Hardy was elected Senior Representa
tive on the * Executive Council with a
vote of 552. Margaret McCall secured
338 votes.
Harry Austin was elected Junior
class president over A. A. Carrey, the
vote being 139 to 122. Evelyn Johnston
was chosen vice-president of the class
on a white ballot. W. C. Evans was
selected secretary of the class, and
Earle Thomas treasurer on white ballots.
Ross Fisher was elected editor of the
1922 Quad, receiving 147 votes. Rob
ert Connolly received 113 for the same
office. William Yosburgh was chosen
to manage the book over John Sibley,
who received 95 votes. Vosburgh polled
167 votes. *
Final election returns received today
from the Quad election held yesterday
show that a great deal of interest was
manifested in the election by the stu
dents. A total of over 1,000 votes was
counted in the race for the presidency
of the Associated Students. F. L. Mc-
Elroy won easily over Fred Adams,
scoring a vote of 533 to 473. Anne
Hardy was elected Senior Representa
tive on the * Executive Council with a
vote of 552. Margaret McCall secured
338 votes.
Harry Austin was elected Junior
class president over A. A. Carrey, the
vote being 139 to 122. Evelyn Johnston
was chosen vice-president of the class
on a white ballot. W. C. Evans was
selected secretary of the class, and
Earle Thomas treasurer on white ballots.
Ross Fisher was elected editor of the
1922 Quad, receiving 147 votes. Rob
ert Connolly received 113 for the same
office. William Yosburgh was chosen
to manage the book over John Sibley,
who received 95 votes. Vosburgh polled
167 votes. *
Final election returns received today
from the Quad election held yesterday
show that a great deal of interest was
manifested in the election by the stu
dents. A total of over 1,000 votes was
counted in the race for the presidency
of the Associated Students. F. L. Mc-
Elroy won easily over Fred Adams,
scoring a vote of 533 to 473. Anne
Hardy was elected Senior Representa
tive on the * Executive Council with a
vote of 552. Margaret McCall secured
338 votes.
Harry Austin was elected Junior
class president over A. A. Carrey, the
vote being 139 to 122. Evelyn Johnston
was chosen vice-president of the class
on a white ballot. W. C. Evans was
selected secretary of the class, and
Earle Thomas treasurer on white ballots.
Ross Fisher was elected editor of the
1922 Quad, receiving 147 votes. Rob
ert Connolly received 113 for the same
office. William Yosburgh was chosen
to manage the book over John Sibley,
who received 95 votes. Vosburgh polled
167 votes. *
Final election returns received today
from the Quad election held yesterday
show that a great deal of interest was
manifested in the election by the stu
dents. A total of over 1,000 votes was
counted in the race for the presidency
of the Associated Students. F. L. Mc-
Elroy won easily over Fred Adams,
scoring a vote of 533 to 473. Anne
Hardy was elected Senior Representa
tive on the * Executive Council with a
vote of 552. Margaret McCall secured
338 votes.
Harry Austin was elected Junior
class president over A. A. Carrey, the
vote being 139 to 122. Evelyn Johnston
was chosen vice-president of the class
on a white ballot. W. C. Evans was
selected secretary of the class, and
Earle Thomas treasurer on white ballots.
Ross Fisher was elected editor of the
1922 Quad, receiving 147 votes. Rob
ert Connolly received 113 for the same
office. William Yosburgh was chosen
to manage the book over John Sibley,
who received 95 votes. Vosburgh polled
167 votes. *
Final election returns received today
from the Quad election held yesterday
show that a great deal of interest was
manifested in the election by the stu
dents. A total of over 1,000 votes was
counted in the race for the presidency
of the Associated Students. F. L. Mc-
Elroy won easily over Fred Adams,
scoring a vote of 533 to 473. Anne
Hardy was elected Senior Representa
tive on the * Executive Council with a
vote of 552. Margaret McCall secured
338 votes.
Harry Austin was elected Junior
class president over A. A. Carrey, the
vote being 139 to 122. Evelyn Johnston
was chosen vice-president of the class
on a white ballot. W. C. Evans was
selected secretary of the class, and
Earle Thomas treasurer on white ballots.
Ross Fisher was elected editor of the
1922 Quad, receiving 147 votes. Rob
ert Connolly received 113 for the same
office. William Yosburgh was chosen
to manage the book over John Sibley,
who received 95 votes. Vosburgh polled
167 votes. *
Final election returns received today
from the Quad election held yesterday
show that a great deal of interest was
manifested in the election by the stu
dents. A total of over 1,000 votes was
counted in the race for the presidency
of the Associated Students. F. L. Mc-
Elroy won easily over Fred Adams,
scoring a vote of 533 to 473. Anne
Hardy was elected Senior Representa
tive on the * Executive Council with a
vote of 552. Margaret McCall secured
338 votes.
Harry Austin was elected Junior
class president over A. A. Carrey, the
vote being 139 to 122. Evelyn Johnston
was chosen vice-president of the class
on a white ballot. W. C. Evans was
selected secretary of the class, and
Earle Thomas treasurer on white ballots.
Ross Fisher was elected editor of the
1922 Quad, receiving 147 votes. Rob
ert Connolly received 113 for the same
office. William Yosburgh was chosen
to manage the book over John Sibley,
who received 95 votes. Vosburgh polled
167 votes. *
Final election returns received today
from the Quad election held yesterday
show that a great deal of interest was
manifested in the election by the stu
dents. A total of over 1,000 votes was
counted in the race for the presidency
of the Associated Students. F. L. Mc-
Elroy won easily over Fred Adams,
scoring a vote of 533 to 473. Anne
Hardy was elected Senior Representa
tive on the * Executive Council with a
vote of 552. Margaret McCall secured
338 votes.
Harry Austin was elected Junior
class president over A. A. Carrey, the
vote being 139 to 122. Evelyn Johnston
was chosen vice-president of the class
on a white ballot. W. C. Evans was
selected secretary of the class, and
Earle Thomas treasurer on white ballots.
Ross Fisher was elected editor of the
1922 Quad, receiving 147 votes. Rob
ert Connolly received 113 for the same
office. William Yosburgh was chosen
to manage the book over John Sibley,
who received 95 votes. Vosburgh polled
167 votes. *
Final election returns received today
from the Quad election held yesterday
show that a great deal of interest was
manifested in the election by the stu
dents. A total of over 1,000 votes was
counted in the race for the presidency
of the Associated Students. F. L. Mc-
Elroy won easily over Fred Adams,
scoring a vote of 533 to 473. Anne
Hardy was elected Senior Representa
tive on the * Executive Council with a
vote of 552. Margaret McCall secured
338 votes.
Harry Austin was elected Junior
class president over A. A. Carrey, the
vote being 139 to 122. Evelyn Johnston
was chosen vice-president of the class
on a white ballot. W. C. Evans was
selected secretary of the class, and
Earle Thomas treasurer on white ballots.
Ross Fisher was elected editor of the
1922 Quad, receiving 147 votes. Rob
ert Connolly received 113 for the same
office. William Yosburgh was chosen
to manage the book over John Sibley,
who received 95 votes. Vosburgh polled
167 votes. *
Final election returns received today
from the Quad election held yesterday
show that a great deal of interest was
manifested in the election by the stu
dents. A total of over 1,000 votes was
counted in the race for the presidency
of the Associated Students. F. L. Mc-
Elroy won easily over Fred Adams,
scoring a vote of 533 to 473. Anne
Hardy was elected Senior Representa
tive on the * Executive Council with a
vote of 552. Margaret McCall secured
338 votes.
Harry Austin was elected Junior
class president over A. A. Carrey, the
vote being 139 to 122. Evelyn Johnston
was chosen vice-president of the class
on a white ballot. W. C. Evans was
selected secretary of the class, and
Earle Thomas treasurer on white ballots.
Ross Fisher was elected editor of the
1922 Quad, receiving 147 votes. Rob
ert Connolly received 113 for the same
office. William Yosburgh was chosen
to manage the book over John Sibley,
who received 95 votes. Vosburgh polled
167 votes. *
Final election returns received today
from the Quad election held yesterday
show that a great deal of interest was
manifested in the election by the stu
dents. A total of over 1,000 votes was
counted in the race for the presidency
of the Associated Students. F. L. Mc-
Elroy won easily over Fred Adams,
scoring a vote of 533 to 473. Anne
Hardy was elected Senior Representa
tive on the * Executive Council with a
vote of 552. Margaret McCall secured
338 votes.
Harry Austin was elected Junior
class president over A. A. Carrey, the
vote being 139 to 122. Evelyn Johnston
was chosen vice-president of the class
on a white ballot. W. C. Evans was
selected secretary of the class, and
Earle Thomas treasurer on white ballots.
Ross Fisher was elected editor of the
1922 Quad, receiving 147 votes. Rob
ert Connolly received 113 for the same
office. William Yosburgh was chosen
to manage the book over John Sibley,
who received 95 votes. Vosburgh polled
167 votes. *
Final election returns received today
from the Quad election held yesterday
show that a great deal of interest was
manifested in the election by the stu
dents. A total of over 1,000 votes was
counted in the race for the presidency
of the Associated Students. F. L. Mc-
Elroy won easily over Fred Adams,
scoring a vote of 533 to 473. Anne
Hardy was elected Senior Representa
tive on the * Executive Council with a
vote of 552. Margaret McCall secured
338 votes.
Harry Austin was elected Junior
class president over A. A. Carrey, the
vote being 139 to 122. Evelyn Johnston
was chosen vice-president of the class
on a white ballot. W. C. Evans was
selected secretary of the class, and
Earle Thomas treasurer on white ballots.
Ross Fisher was elected editor of the
1922 Quad, receiving 147 votes. Rob
ert Connolly received 113 for the same
office. William Yosburgh was chosen
to manage the book over John Sibley,
who received 95 votes. Vosburgh polled
167 votes. *
