# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Flore ti c e Moore Hall an
nounces the engagement of Vicki
Hale, Gavilan, '58, to Russell
Riley, Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering.
Flore ti c e Moore Hall an
nounces the engagement of Vicki
Hale, Gavilan, '58, to Russell
Riley, Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering.
Flore ti c e Moore Hall an
nounces the engagement of Vicki
Hale, Gavilan, '58, to Russell
Riley, Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering.
Flore ti c e Moore Hall an
nounces the engagement of Vicki
Hale, Gavilan, '58, to Russell
Riley, Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering.
Flore ti c e Moore Hall an
nounces the engagement of Vicki
Hale, Gavilan, '58, to Russell
Riley, Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering.
Flore ti c e Moore Hall an
nounces the engagement of Vicki
Hale, Gavilan, '58, to Russell
Riley, Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering.
Flore ti c e Moore Hall an
nounces the engagement of Vicki
Hale, Gavilan, '58, to Russell
Riley, Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering.
Flore ti c e Moore Hall an
nounces the engagement of Vicki
Hale, Gavilan, '58, to Russell
Riley, Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering.
Flore ti c e Moore Hall an
nounces the engagement of Vicki
Hale, Gavilan, '58, to Russell
Riley, Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering.
Flore ti c e Moore Hall an
nounces the engagement of Vicki
Hale, Gavilan, '58, to Russell
Riley, Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering.
Flore ti c e Moore Hall an
nounces the engagement of Vicki
Hale, Gavilan, '58, to Russell
Riley, Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering.
Flore ti c e Moore Hall an
nounces the engagement of Vicki
Hale, Gavilan, '58, to Russell
Riley, Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering.
Flore ti c e Moore Hall an
nounces the engagement of Vicki
Hale, Gavilan, '58, to Russell
Riley, Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering.
Flore ti c e Moore Hall an
nounces the engagement of Vicki
Hale, Gavilan, '58, to Russell
Riley, Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering.
Flore ti c e Moore Hall an
nounces the engagement of Vicki
Hale, Gavilan, '58, to Russell
Riley, Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering.
Flore ti c e Moore Hall an
nounces the engagement of Vicki
Hale, Gavilan, '58, to Russell
Riley, Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering.
Flore ti c e Moore Hall an
nounces the engagement of Vicki
Hale, Gavilan, '58, to Russell
Riley, Graduate School of Electri
cal Engineering.
