# Job Interviews
## 
### 
Interview schedules may he
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation,
California Division, Burhank ami
Sunnyvale Missile Systems Divi
sions, Sunnyvale: Openings for I
8.5., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in |
AA.E., C.E., E.E., M.E., mat lie !
matics and physics, in Burhank.
Sunnyvale, Palo Alto and Van
Nuys.
Microwave Engineering Labo
ratories, Incorporated: Openings
for B.S. degrees in E.E. in re

search and development for U.S.
citizens in Palo Alto.
Pan American Petroleum Cor
poration: Openings for B.S. and
advanced degrees in mathematics,
physics and geology in the geo
physical department in the Cen
tral United States.
Interview schedules may he
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation,
California Division, Burhank ami
Sunnyvale Missile Systems Divi
sions, Sunnyvale: Openings for I
8.5., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in |
AA.E., C.E., E.E., M.E., mat lie !
matics and physics, in Burhank.
Sunnyvale, Palo Alto and Van
Nuys.
Microwave Engineering Labo
ratories, Incorporated: Openings
for B.S. degrees in E.E. in re

search and development for U.S.
citizens in Palo Alto.
Pan American Petroleum Cor
poration: Openings for B.S. and
advanced degrees in mathematics,
physics and geology in the geo
physical department in the Cen
tral United States.
Interview schedules may he
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation,
California Division, Burhank ami
Sunnyvale Missile Systems Divi
sions, Sunnyvale: Openings for I
8.5., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in |
AA.E., C.E., E.E., M.E., mat lie !
matics and physics, in Burhank.
Sunnyvale, Palo Alto and Van
Nuys.
Microwave Engineering Labo
ratories, Incorporated: Openings
for B.S. degrees in E.E. in re

search and development for U.S.
citizens in Palo Alto.
Pan American Petroleum Cor
poration: Openings for B.S. and
advanced degrees in mathematics,
physics and geology in the geo
physical department in the Cen
tral United States.
Interview schedules may he
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation,
California Division, Burhank ami
Sunnyvale Missile Systems Divi
sions, Sunnyvale: Openings for I
8.5., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in |
AA.E., C.E., E.E., M.E., mat lie !
matics and physics, in Burhank.
Sunnyvale, Palo Alto and Van
Nuys.
Microwave Engineering Labo
ratories, Incorporated: Openings
for B.S. degrees in E.E. in re

search and development for U.S.
citizens in Palo Alto.
Pan American Petroleum Cor
poration: Openings for B.S. and
advanced degrees in mathematics,
physics and geology in the geo
physical department in the Cen
tral United States.
Interview schedules may he
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation,
California Division, Burhank ami
Sunnyvale Missile Systems Divi
sions, Sunnyvale: Openings for I
8.5., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in |
AA.E., C.E., E.E., M.E., mat lie !
matics and physics, in Burhank.
Sunnyvale, Palo Alto and Van
Nuys.
Microwave Engineering Labo
ratories, Incorporated: Openings
for B.S. degrees in E.E. in re

search and development for U.S.
citizens in Palo Alto.
Pan American Petroleum Cor
poration: Openings for B.S. and
advanced degrees in mathematics,
physics and geology in the geo
physical department in the Cen
tral United States.
Interview schedules may he
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation,
California Division, Burhank ami
Sunnyvale Missile Systems Divi
sions, Sunnyvale: Openings for I
8.5., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in |
AA.E., C.E., E.E., M.E., mat lie !
matics and physics, in Burhank.
Sunnyvale, Palo Alto and Van
Nuys.
Microwave Engineering Labo
ratories, Incorporated: Openings
for B.S. degrees in E.E. in re

search and development for U.S.
citizens in Palo Alto.
Pan American Petroleum Cor
poration: Openings for B.S. and
advanced degrees in mathematics,
physics and geology in the geo
physical department in the Cen
tral United States.
Interview schedules may he
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation,
California Division, Burhank ami
Sunnyvale Missile Systems Divi
sions, Sunnyvale: Openings for I
8.5., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in |
AA.E., C.E., E.E., M.E., mat lie !
matics and physics, in Burhank.
Sunnyvale, Palo Alto and Van
Nuys.
Microwave Engineering Labo
ratories, Incorporated: Openings
for B.S. degrees in E.E. in re

search and development for U.S.
citizens in Palo Alto.
Pan American Petroleum Cor
poration: Openings for B.S. and
advanced degrees in mathematics,
physics and geology in the geo
physical department in the Cen
tral United States.
Interview schedules may he
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation,
California Division, Burhank ami
Sunnyvale Missile Systems Divi
sions, Sunnyvale: Openings for I
8.5., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in |
AA.E., C.E., E.E., M.E., mat lie !
matics and physics, in Burhank.
Sunnyvale, Palo Alto and Van
Nuys.
Microwave Engineering Labo
ratories, Incorporated: Openings
for B.S. degrees in E.E. in re

search and development for U.S.
citizens in Palo Alto.
Pan American Petroleum Cor
poration: Openings for B.S. and
advanced degrees in mathematics,
physics and geology in the geo
physical department in the Cen
tral United States.
Interview schedules may he
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation,
California Division, Burhank ami
Sunnyvale Missile Systems Divi
sions, Sunnyvale: Openings for I
8.5., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in |
AA.E., C.E., E.E., M.E., mat lie !
matics and physics, in Burhank.
Sunnyvale, Palo Alto and Van
Nuys.
Microwave Engineering Labo
ratories, Incorporated: Openings
for B.S. degrees in E.E. in re

search and development for U.S.
citizens in Palo Alto.
Pan American Petroleum Cor
poration: Openings for B.S. and
advanced degrees in mathematics,
physics and geology in the geo
physical department in the Cen
tral United States.
Interview schedules may he
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation,
California Division, Burhank ami
Sunnyvale Missile Systems Divi
sions, Sunnyvale: Openings for I
8.5., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in |
AA.E., C.E., E.E., M.E., mat lie !
matics and physics, in Burhank.
Sunnyvale, Palo Alto and Van
Nuys.
Microwave Engineering Labo
ratories, Incorporated: Openings
for B.S. degrees in E.E. in re

search and development for U.S.
citizens in Palo Alto.
Pan American Petroleum Cor
poration: Openings for B.S. and
advanced degrees in mathematics,
physics and geology in the geo
physical department in the Cen
tral United States.
Interview schedules may he
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation,
California Division, Burhank ami
Sunnyvale Missile Systems Divi
sions, Sunnyvale: Openings for I
8.5., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in |
AA.E., C.E., E.E., M.E., mat lie !
matics and physics, in Burhank.
Sunnyvale, Palo Alto and Van
Nuys.
Microwave Engineering Labo
ratories, Incorporated: Openings
for B.S. degrees in E.E. in re

search and development for U.S.
citizens in Palo Alto.
Pan American Petroleum Cor
poration: Openings for B.S. and
advanced degrees in mathematics,
physics and geology in the geo
physical department in the Cen
tral United States.
Interview schedules may he
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation,
California Division, Burhank ami
Sunnyvale Missile Systems Divi
sions, Sunnyvale: Openings for I
8.5., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in |
AA.E., C.E., E.E., M.E., mat lie !
matics and physics, in Burhank.
Sunnyvale, Palo Alto and Van
Nuys.
Microwave Engineering Labo
ratories, Incorporated: Openings
for B.S. degrees in E.E. in re

search and development for U.S.
citizens in Palo Alto.
Pan American Petroleum Cor
poration: Openings for B.S. and
advanced degrees in mathematics,
physics and geology in the geo
physical department in the Cen
tral United States.
Interview schedules may he
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation,
California Division, Burhank ami
Sunnyvale Missile Systems Divi
sions, Sunnyvale: Openings for I
8.5., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in |
AA.E., C.E., E.E., M.E., mat lie !
matics and physics, in Burhank.
Sunnyvale, Palo Alto and Van
Nuys.
Microwave Engineering Labo
ratories, Incorporated: Openings
for B.S. degrees in E.E. in re

search and development for U.S.
citizens in Palo Alto.
Pan American Petroleum Cor
poration: Openings for B.S. and
advanced degrees in mathematics,
physics and geology in the geo
physical department in the Cen
tral United States.
Interview schedules may he
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation,
California Division, Burhank ami
Sunnyvale Missile Systems Divi
sions, Sunnyvale: Openings for I
8.5., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in |
AA.E., C.E., E.E., M.E., mat lie !
matics and physics, in Burhank.
Sunnyvale, Palo Alto and Van
Nuys.
Microwave Engineering Labo
ratories, Incorporated: Openings
for B.S. degrees in E.E. in re

search and development for U.S.
citizens in Palo Alto.
Pan American Petroleum Cor
poration: Openings for B.S. and
advanced degrees in mathematics,
physics and geology in the geo
physical department in the Cen
tral United States.
Interview schedules may he
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation,
California Division, Burhank ami
Sunnyvale Missile Systems Divi
sions, Sunnyvale: Openings for I
8.5., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in |
AA.E., C.E., E.E., M.E., mat lie !
matics and physics, in Burhank.
Sunnyvale, Palo Alto and Van
Nuys.
Microwave Engineering Labo
ratories, Incorporated: Openings
for B.S. degrees in E.E. in re

search and development for U.S.
citizens in Palo Alto.
Pan American Petroleum Cor
poration: Openings for B.S. and
advanced degrees in mathematics,
physics and geology in the geo
physical department in the Cen
tral United States.
Interview schedules may he
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation,
California Division, Burhank ami
Sunnyvale Missile Systems Divi
sions, Sunnyvale: Openings for I
8.5., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in |
AA.E., C.E., E.E., M.E., mat lie !
matics and physics, in Burhank.
Sunnyvale, Palo Alto and Van
Nuys.
Microwave Engineering Labo
ratories, Incorporated: Openings
for B.S. degrees in E.E. in re

search and development for U.S.
citizens in Palo Alto.
Pan American Petroleum Cor
poration: Openings for B.S. and
advanced degrees in mathematics,
physics and geology in the geo
physical department in the Cen
tral United States.
Interview schedules may he
signed at the Placement Service
for the following job interviews
tomorrow:
Lockheed Aircraft Corporation,
California Division, Burhank ami
Sunnyvale Missile Systems Divi
sions, Sunnyvale: Openings for I
8.5., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in |
AA.E., C.E., E.E., M.E., mat lie !
matics and physics, in Burhank.
Sunnyvale, Palo Alto and Van
Nuys.
Microwave Engineering Labo
ratories, Incorporated: Openings
for B.S. degrees in E.E. in re

search and development for U.S.
citizens in Palo Alto.
Pan American Petroleum Cor
poration: Openings for B.S. and
advanced degrees in mathematics,
physics and geology in the geo
physical department in the Cen
tral United States.
