# Little Man on Campus
## 
### Dick Bibler, '52 

"l/«//i I'syrli English */•.' and a'( in I'liys Ed just
shows v« what happens ulien ya spend nil yer lime studyin
one subject.''

"l/«//i I'syrli English */•.' and a'( in I'liys Ed just
shows v« what happens ulien ya spend nil yer lime studyin
one subject.''

"l/«//i I'syrli English */•.' and a'( in I'liys Ed just
shows v« what happens ulien ya spend nil yer lime studyin
one subject.''

"l/«//i I'syrli English */•.' and a'( in I'liys Ed just
shows v« what happens ulien ya spend nil yer lime studyin
one subject.''

"l/«//i I'syrli English */•.' and a'( in I'liys Ed just
shows v« what happens ulien ya spend nil yer lime studyin
one subject.''

"l/«//i I'syrli English */•.' and a'( in I'liys Ed just
shows v« what happens ulien ya spend nil yer lime studyin
one subject.''

"l/«//i I'syrli English */•.' and a'( in I'liys Ed just
shows v« what happens ulien ya spend nil yer lime studyin
one subject.''

"l/«//i I'syrli English */•.' and a'( in I'liys Ed just
shows v« what happens ulien ya spend nil yer lime studyin
one subject.''

"l/«//i I'syrli English */•.' and a'( in I'liys Ed just
shows v« what happens ulien ya spend nil yer lime studyin
one subject.''

"l/«//i I'syrli English */•.' and a'( in I'liys Ed just
shows v« what happens ulien ya spend nil yer lime studyin
one subject.''

"l/«//i I'syrli English */•.' and a'( in I'liys Ed just
shows v« what happens ulien ya spend nil yer lime studyin
one subject.''

"l/«//i I'syrli English */•.' and a'( in I'liys Ed just
shows v« what happens ulien ya spend nil yer lime studyin
one subject.''

"l/«//i I'syrli English */•.' and a'( in I'liys Ed just
shows v« what happens ulien ya spend nil yer lime studyin
one subject.''

"l/«//i I'syrli English */•.' and a'( in I'liys Ed just
shows v« what happens ulien ya spend nil yer lime studyin
one subject.''

"l/«//i I'syrli English */•.' and a'( in I'liys Ed just
shows v« what happens ulien ya spend nil yer lime studyin
one subject.''

"l/«//i I'syrli English */•.' and a'( in I'liys Ed just
shows v« what happens ulien ya spend nil yer lime studyin
one subject.''

"l/«//i I'syrli English */•.' and a'( in I'liys Ed just
shows v« what happens ulien ya spend nil yer lime studyin
one subject.''
