# University Officials Receive No Word From East on Hartranft Case
## 
### 
At noon today, offcials here were
absolutely without information on the
rumor of Glenn Hartranft's ineligibil
ity to compete in iho I. C. A. A. A. A.
According to Pacific Coast regula
tions, Hartranft is i igible and in the
past the Coast rules have *oeen ac
cepted. For this reason, officials are
somewhat at a loss to understand the
situation.
In spite of stories which appeared
last night and this morning in San
Francisco papers, the case of Hart
ranft has not been submitted to the
Stanford authorities. The Board of
Athletic Control meets next Tuesday
night and the affair may be submitted
at that time.
At noon today, offcials here were
absolutely without information on the
rumor of Glenn Hartranft's ineligibil
ity to compete in iho I. C. A. A. A. A.
According to Pacific Coast regula
tions, Hartranft is i igible and in the
past the Coast rules have *oeen ac
cepted. For this reason, officials are
somewhat at a loss to understand the
situation.
In spite of stories which appeared
last night and this morning in San
Francisco papers, the case of Hart
ranft has not been submitted to the
Stanford authorities. The Board of
Athletic Control meets next Tuesday
night and the affair may be submitted
at that time.
At noon today, offcials here were
absolutely without information on the
rumor of Glenn Hartranft's ineligibil
ity to compete in iho I. C. A. A. A. A.
According to Pacific Coast regula
tions, Hartranft is i igible and in the
past the Coast rules have *oeen ac
cepted. For this reason, officials are
somewhat at a loss to understand the
situation.
In spite of stories which appeared
last night and this morning in San
Francisco papers, the case of Hart
ranft has not been submitted to the
Stanford authorities. The Board of
Athletic Control meets next Tuesday
night and the affair may be submitted
at that time.
At noon today, offcials here were
absolutely without information on the
rumor of Glenn Hartranft's ineligibil
ity to compete in iho I. C. A. A. A. A.
According to Pacific Coast regula
tions, Hartranft is i igible and in the
past the Coast rules have *oeen ac
cepted. For this reason, officials are
somewhat at a loss to understand the
situation.
In spite of stories which appeared
last night and this morning in San
Francisco papers, the case of Hart
ranft has not been submitted to the
Stanford authorities. The Board of
Athletic Control meets next Tuesday
night and the affair may be submitted
at that time.
At noon today, offcials here were
absolutely without information on the
rumor of Glenn Hartranft's ineligibil
ity to compete in iho I. C. A. A. A. A.
According to Pacific Coast regula
tions, Hartranft is i igible and in the
past the Coast rules have *oeen ac
cepted. For this reason, officials are
somewhat at a loss to understand the
situation.
In spite of stories which appeared
last night and this morning in San
Francisco papers, the case of Hart
ranft has not been submitted to the
Stanford authorities. The Board of
Athletic Control meets next Tuesday
night and the affair may be submitted
at that time.
At noon today, offcials here were
absolutely without information on the
rumor of Glenn Hartranft's ineligibil
ity to compete in iho I. C. A. A. A. A.
According to Pacific Coast regula
tions, Hartranft is i igible and in the
past the Coast rules have *oeen ac
cepted. For this reason, officials are
somewhat at a loss to understand the
situation.
In spite of stories which appeared
last night and this morning in San
Francisco papers, the case of Hart
ranft has not been submitted to the
Stanford authorities. The Board of
Athletic Control meets next Tuesday
night and the affair may be submitted
at that time.
At noon today, offcials here were
absolutely without information on the
rumor of Glenn Hartranft's ineligibil
ity to compete in iho I. C. A. A. A. A.
According to Pacific Coast regula
tions, Hartranft is i igible and in the
past the Coast rules have *oeen ac
cepted. For this reason, officials are
somewhat at a loss to understand the
situation.
In spite of stories which appeared
last night and this morning in San
Francisco papers, the case of Hart
ranft has not been submitted to the
Stanford authorities. The Board of
Athletic Control meets next Tuesday
night and the affair may be submitted
at that time.
At noon today, offcials here were
absolutely without information on the
rumor of Glenn Hartranft's ineligibil
ity to compete in iho I. C. A. A. A. A.
According to Pacific Coast regula
tions, Hartranft is i igible and in the
past the Coast rules have *oeen ac
cepted. For this reason, officials are
somewhat at a loss to understand the
situation.
In spite of stories which appeared
last night and this morning in San
Francisco papers, the case of Hart
ranft has not been submitted to the
Stanford authorities. The Board of
Athletic Control meets next Tuesday
night and the affair may be submitted
at that time.
At noon today, offcials here were
absolutely without information on the
rumor of Glenn Hartranft's ineligibil
ity to compete in iho I. C. A. A. A. A.
According to Pacific Coast regula
tions, Hartranft is i igible and in the
past the Coast rules have *oeen ac
cepted. For this reason, officials are
somewhat at a loss to understand the
situation.
In spite of stories which appeared
last night and this morning in San
Francisco papers, the case of Hart
ranft has not been submitted to the
Stanford authorities. The Board of
Athletic Control meets next Tuesday
night and the affair may be submitted
at that time.
At noon today, offcials here were
absolutely without information on the
rumor of Glenn Hartranft's ineligibil
ity to compete in iho I. C. A. A. A. A.
According to Pacific Coast regula
tions, Hartranft is i igible and in the
past the Coast rules have *oeen ac
cepted. For this reason, officials are
somewhat at a loss to understand the
situation.
In spite of stories which appeared
last night and this morning in San
Francisco papers, the case of Hart
ranft has not been submitted to the
Stanford authorities. The Board of
Athletic Control meets next Tuesday
night and the affair may be submitted
at that time.
At noon today, offcials here were
absolutely without information on the
rumor of Glenn Hartranft's ineligibil
ity to compete in iho I. C. A. A. A. A.
According to Pacific Coast regula
tions, Hartranft is i igible and in the
past the Coast rules have *oeen ac
cepted. For this reason, officials are
somewhat at a loss to understand the
situation.
In spite of stories which appeared
last night and this morning in San
Francisco papers, the case of Hart
ranft has not been submitted to the
Stanford authorities. The Board of
Athletic Control meets next Tuesday
night and the affair may be submitted
at that time.
At noon today, offcials here were
absolutely without information on the
rumor of Glenn Hartranft's ineligibil
ity to compete in iho I. C. A. A. A. A.
According to Pacific Coast regula
tions, Hartranft is i igible and in the
past the Coast rules have *oeen ac
cepted. For this reason, officials are
somewhat at a loss to understand the
situation.
In spite of stories which appeared
last night and this morning in San
Francisco papers, the case of Hart
ranft has not been submitted to the
Stanford authorities. The Board of
Athletic Control meets next Tuesday
night and the affair may be submitted
at that time.
At noon today, offcials here were
absolutely without information on the
rumor of Glenn Hartranft's ineligibil
ity to compete in iho I. C. A. A. A. A.
According to Pacific Coast regula
tions, Hartranft is i igible and in the
past the Coast rules have *oeen ac
cepted. For this reason, officials are
somewhat at a loss to understand the
situation.
In spite of stories which appeared
last night and this morning in San
Francisco papers, the case of Hart
ranft has not been submitted to the
Stanford authorities. The Board of
Athletic Control meets next Tuesday
night and the affair may be submitted
at that time.
At noon today, offcials here were
absolutely without information on the
rumor of Glenn Hartranft's ineligibil
ity to compete in iho I. C. A. A. A. A.
According to Pacific Coast regula
tions, Hartranft is i igible and in the
past the Coast rules have *oeen ac
cepted. For this reason, officials are
somewhat at a loss to understand the
situation.
In spite of stories which appeared
last night and this morning in San
Francisco papers, the case of Hart
ranft has not been submitted to the
Stanford authorities. The Board of
Athletic Control meets next Tuesday
night and the affair may be submitted
at that time.
At noon today, offcials here were
absolutely without information on the
rumor of Glenn Hartranft's ineligibil
ity to compete in iho I. C. A. A. A. A.
According to Pacific Coast regula
tions, Hartranft is i igible and in the
past the Coast rules have *oeen ac
cepted. For this reason, officials are
somewhat at a loss to understand the
situation.
In spite of stories which appeared
last night and this morning in San
Francisco papers, the case of Hart
ranft has not been submitted to the
Stanford authorities. The Board of
Athletic Control meets next Tuesday
night and the affair may be submitted
at that time.
