# Mount Holyoke Alumnae Will Hold Reunion Here
## 
### 
The Northern California Association
of Mount Holyoke Alumnae will hold
their regularly quarterly meeting at
Stanford" tomorrow.
They will have luncheon at the
Union at 12:30, after which they will
hold a business meeting and program
at the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Gert
rude Knox Wells, Mt. Holyoke, '09,
and at present taking graduate work
at Stanford, will speak on "Life in
Turkey."
In practically every state and fed
eral penitentiary and house of deten
tion in the United States motion pic
tures are shown regularly to the in
mates.
The Northern California Association
of Mount Holyoke Alumnae will hold
their regularly quarterly meeting at
Stanford" tomorrow.
They will have luncheon at the
Union at 12:30, after which they will
hold a business meeting and program
at the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Gert
rude Knox Wells, Mt. Holyoke, '09,
and at present taking graduate work
at Stanford, will speak on "Life in
Turkey."
In practically every state and fed
eral penitentiary and house of deten
tion in the United States motion pic
tures are shown regularly to the in
mates.
The Northern California Association
of Mount Holyoke Alumnae will hold
their regularly quarterly meeting at
Stanford" tomorrow.
They will have luncheon at the
Union at 12:30, after which they will
hold a business meeting and program
at the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Gert
rude Knox Wells, Mt. Holyoke, '09,
and at present taking graduate work
at Stanford, will speak on "Life in
Turkey."
In practically every state and fed
eral penitentiary and house of deten
tion in the United States motion pic
tures are shown regularly to the in
mates.
The Northern California Association
of Mount Holyoke Alumnae will hold
their regularly quarterly meeting at
Stanford" tomorrow.
They will have luncheon at the
Union at 12:30, after which they will
hold a business meeting and program
at the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Gert
rude Knox Wells, Mt. Holyoke, '09,
and at present taking graduate work
at Stanford, will speak on "Life in
Turkey."
In practically every state and fed
eral penitentiary and house of deten
tion in the United States motion pic
tures are shown regularly to the in
mates.
The Northern California Association
of Mount Holyoke Alumnae will hold
their regularly quarterly meeting at
Stanford" tomorrow.
They will have luncheon at the
Union at 12:30, after which they will
hold a business meeting and program
at the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Gert
rude Knox Wells, Mt. Holyoke, '09,
and at present taking graduate work
at Stanford, will speak on "Life in
Turkey."
In practically every state and fed
eral penitentiary and house of deten
tion in the United States motion pic
tures are shown regularly to the in
mates.
The Northern California Association
of Mount Holyoke Alumnae will hold
their regularly quarterly meeting at
Stanford" tomorrow.
They will have luncheon at the
Union at 12:30, after which they will
hold a business meeting and program
at the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Gert
rude Knox Wells, Mt. Holyoke, '09,
and at present taking graduate work
at Stanford, will speak on "Life in
Turkey."
In practically every state and fed
eral penitentiary and house of deten
tion in the United States motion pic
tures are shown regularly to the in
mates.
The Northern California Association
of Mount Holyoke Alumnae will hold
their regularly quarterly meeting at
Stanford" tomorrow.
They will have luncheon at the
Union at 12:30, after which they will
hold a business meeting and program
at the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Gert
rude Knox Wells, Mt. Holyoke, '09,
and at present taking graduate work
at Stanford, will speak on "Life in
Turkey."
In practically every state and fed
eral penitentiary and house of deten
tion in the United States motion pic
tures are shown regularly to the in
mates.
The Northern California Association
of Mount Holyoke Alumnae will hold
their regularly quarterly meeting at
Stanford" tomorrow.
They will have luncheon at the
Union at 12:30, after which they will
hold a business meeting and program
at the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Gert
rude Knox Wells, Mt. Holyoke, '09,
and at present taking graduate work
at Stanford, will speak on "Life in
Turkey."
In practically every state and fed
eral penitentiary and house of deten
tion in the United States motion pic
tures are shown regularly to the in
mates.
The Northern California Association
of Mount Holyoke Alumnae will hold
their regularly quarterly meeting at
Stanford" tomorrow.
They will have luncheon at the
Union at 12:30, after which they will
hold a business meeting and program
at the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Gert
rude Knox Wells, Mt. Holyoke, '09,
and at present taking graduate work
at Stanford, will speak on "Life in
Turkey."
In practically every state and fed
eral penitentiary and house of deten
tion in the United States motion pic
tures are shown regularly to the in
mates.
The Northern California Association
of Mount Holyoke Alumnae will hold
their regularly quarterly meeting at
Stanford" tomorrow.
They will have luncheon at the
Union at 12:30, after which they will
hold a business meeting and program
at the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Gert
rude Knox Wells, Mt. Holyoke, '09,
and at present taking graduate work
at Stanford, will speak on "Life in
Turkey."
In practically every state and fed
eral penitentiary and house of deten
tion in the United States motion pic
tures are shown regularly to the in
mates.
The Northern California Association
of Mount Holyoke Alumnae will hold
their regularly quarterly meeting at
Stanford" tomorrow.
They will have luncheon at the
Union at 12:30, after which they will
hold a business meeting and program
at the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Gert
rude Knox Wells, Mt. Holyoke, '09,
and at present taking graduate work
at Stanford, will speak on "Life in
Turkey."
In practically every state and fed
eral penitentiary and house of deten
tion in the United States motion pic
tures are shown regularly to the in
mates.
The Northern California Association
of Mount Holyoke Alumnae will hold
their regularly quarterly meeting at
Stanford" tomorrow.
They will have luncheon at the
Union at 12:30, after which they will
hold a business meeting and program
at the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Gert
rude Knox Wells, Mt. Holyoke, '09,
and at present taking graduate work
at Stanford, will speak on "Life in
Turkey."
In practically every state and fed
eral penitentiary and house of deten
tion in the United States motion pic
tures are shown regularly to the in
mates.
The Northern California Association
of Mount Holyoke Alumnae will hold
their regularly quarterly meeting at
Stanford" tomorrow.
They will have luncheon at the
Union at 12:30, after which they will
hold a business meeting and program
at the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Gert
rude Knox Wells, Mt. Holyoke, '09,
and at present taking graduate work
at Stanford, will speak on "Life in
Turkey."
In practically every state and fed
eral penitentiary and house of deten
tion in the United States motion pic
tures are shown regularly to the in
mates.
The Northern California Association
of Mount Holyoke Alumnae will hold
their regularly quarterly meeting at
Stanford" tomorrow.
They will have luncheon at the
Union at 12:30, after which they will
hold a business meeting and program
at the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Gert
rude Knox Wells, Mt. Holyoke, '09,
and at present taking graduate work
at Stanford, will speak on "Life in
Turkey."
In practically every state and fed
eral penitentiary and house of deten
tion in the United States motion pic
tures are shown regularly to the in
mates.
The Northern California Association
of Mount Holyoke Alumnae will hold
their regularly quarterly meeting at
Stanford" tomorrow.
They will have luncheon at the
Union at 12:30, after which they will
hold a business meeting and program
at the Women's Clubhouse. Mrs. Gert
rude Knox Wells, Mt. Holyoke, '09,
and at present taking graduate work
at Stanford, will speak on "Life in
Turkey."
In practically every state and fed
eral penitentiary and house of deten
tion in the United States motion pic
tures are shown regularly to the in
mates.
