# Interscholastic Records Broken.
## 
### 
At the semi annual fielcFtneet of
the Amateur Athletic League at
Berkeley Saturday five inter
scholastic records were broken.
Yost of Lowell high won the half
mile, run in 2:01 1-5, beating the
record by 4 3-5 seconds; Hagans
of Ukiah took the two-twenty in
0:23 flat; Hunter of Santa Clara
lowered the record in the mile by 8
seconds, winning in 4:41 1-5; and
Rose of Healdsburg broke the
world's interscholastic record by
putting the twelve-and the Bixteen
pound shot. Rose's distances were
52 feet 22-100 inches for the twelve
pound shot, and 44 feet 18-100
inches for the sixteen. Other good
performances were: the quarter, won
by Weller of Ukiah in 52 4-5 and
the hundred won in 10 1-4 by
Hagans.
