# Win at Basket ball.
## 
### 
In a practise game with the
Mountain View high school team
Saturday morning on the Roble
courts, the Stanford girls' basket
ball squad was victorious by the
score of 18 to 0.
In a practise game with the
Mountain View high school team
Saturday morning on the Roble
courts, the Stanford girls' basket
ball squad was victorious by the
score of 18 to 0.
In a practise game with the
Mountain View high school team
Saturday morning on the Roble
courts, the Stanford girls' basket
ball squad was victorious by the
score of 18 to 0.
In a practise game with the
Mountain View high school team
Saturday morning on the Roble
courts, the Stanford girls' basket
ball squad was victorious by the
score of 18 to 0.
In a practise game with the
Mountain View high school team
Saturday morning on the Roble
courts, the Stanford girls' basket
ball squad was victorious by the
score of 18 to 0.
In a practise game with the
Mountain View high school team
Saturday morning on the Roble
courts, the Stanford girls' basket
ball squad was victorious by the
score of 18 to 0.
In a practise game with the
Mountain View high school team
Saturday morning on the Roble
courts, the Stanford girls' basket
ball squad was victorious by the
score of 18 to 0.
