# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—11l the April number of the
American Hintorical Review, Pro
fessor Mux Farrand of the History
department has a review of Henry
E. Bourne's '"The Teaching of His
tory and Civics in the Elementary
and the Secondary Schools." Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History
department has a review of "Let
ters of Dorothea, Princess Lieven,
during her Residence in London,
1812-1834," translated and edited
by Lionel G. Robinson.
—11l the April number of the
American Hintorical Review, Pro
fessor Mux Farrand of the History
department has a review of Henry
E. Bourne's '"The Teaching of His
tory and Civics in the Elementary
and the Secondary Schools." Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History
department has a review of "Let
ters of Dorothea, Princess Lieven,
during her Residence in London,
1812-1834," translated and edited
by Lionel G. Robinson.
—11l the April number of the
American Hintorical Review, Pro
fessor Mux Farrand of the History
department has a review of Henry
E. Bourne's '"The Teaching of His
tory and Civics in the Elementary
and the Secondary Schools." Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History
department has a review of "Let
ters of Dorothea, Princess Lieven,
during her Residence in London,
1812-1834," translated and edited
by Lionel G. Robinson.
—11l the April number of the
American Hintorical Review, Pro
fessor Mux Farrand of the History
department has a review of Henry
E. Bourne's '"The Teaching of His
tory and Civics in the Elementary
and the Secondary Schools." Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History
department has a review of "Let
ters of Dorothea, Princess Lieven,
during her Residence in London,
1812-1834," translated and edited
by Lionel G. Robinson.
—11l the April number of the
American Hintorical Review, Pro
fessor Mux Farrand of the History
department has a review of Henry
E. Bourne's '"The Teaching of His
tory and Civics in the Elementary
and the Secondary Schools." Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History
department has a review of "Let
ters of Dorothea, Princess Lieven,
during her Residence in London,
1812-1834," translated and edited
by Lionel G. Robinson.
—11l the April number of the
American Hintorical Review, Pro
fessor Mux Farrand of the History
department has a review of Henry
E. Bourne's '"The Teaching of His
tory and Civics in the Elementary
and the Secondary Schools." Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History
department has a review of "Let
ters of Dorothea, Princess Lieven,
during her Residence in London,
1812-1834," translated and edited
by Lionel G. Robinson.
—11l the April number of the
American Hintorical Review, Pro
fessor Mux Farrand of the History
department has a review of Henry
E. Bourne's '"The Teaching of His
tory and Civics in the Elementary
and the Secondary Schools." Pro
fessor E. D. Adams of the History
department has a review of "Let
ters of Dorothea, Princess Lieven,
during her Residence in London,
1812-1834," translated and edited
by Lionel G. Robinson.
