# Adv. 46 Page 15
## 
### 
—spHOOSUP!—
in a
FLANNEL FINISH
POLO
S-H I"RT
i •>
fluff
\ i At
fi
...WV«r it open in
rcqular Sports style
r—-
-otuiu/taKuJttu /
can be laundered
instead of dry*:leaned
#3*o
RcKA&Uti
125 UN IVERiITr
—spHOOSUP!—
in a
FLANNEL FINISH
POLO
S-H I"RT
i •>
fluff
\ i At
fi
...WV«r it open in
rcqular Sports style
r—-
-otuiu/taKuJttu /
can be laundered
instead of dry*:leaned
#3*o
RcKA&Uti
125 UN IVERiITr
—spHOOSUP!—
in a
FLANNEL FINISH
POLO
S-H I"RT
i •>
fluff
\ i At
fi
...WV«r it open in
rcqular Sports style
r—-
-otuiu/taKuJttu /
can be laundered
instead of dry*:leaned
#3*o
RcKA&Uti
125 UN IVERiITr
—spHOOSUP!—
in a
FLANNEL FINISH
POLO
S-H I"RT
i •>
fluff
\ i At
fi
...WV«r it open in
rcqular Sports style
r—-
-otuiu/taKuJttu /
can be laundered
instead of dry*:leaned
#3*o
RcKA&Uti
125 UN IVERiITr
—spHOOSUP!—
in a
FLANNEL FINISH
POLO
S-H I"RT
i •>
fluff
\ i At
fi
...WV«r it open in
rcqular Sports style
r—-
-otuiu/taKuJttu /
can be laundered
instead of dry*:leaned
#3*o
RcKA&Uti
125 UN IVERiITr
—spHOOSUP!—
in a
FLANNEL FINISH
POLO
S-H I"RT
i •>
fluff
\ i At
fi
...WV«r it open in
rcqular Sports style
r—-
-otuiu/taKuJttu /
can be laundered
instead of dry*:leaned
#3*o
RcKA&Uti
125 UN IVERiITr
—spHOOSUP!—
in a
FLANNEL FINISH
POLO
S-H I"RT
i •>
fluff
\ i At
fi
...WV«r it open in
rcqular Sports style
r—-
-otuiu/taKuJttu /
can be laundered
instead of dry*:leaned
#3*o
RcKA&Uti
125 UN IVERiITr
—spHOOSUP!—
in a
FLANNEL FINISH
POLO
S-H I"RT
i •>
fluff
\ i At
fi
...WV«r it open in
rcqular Sports style
r—-
-otuiu/taKuJttu /
can be laundered
instead of dry*:leaned
#3*o
RcKA&Uti
125 UN IVERiITr
—spHOOSUP!—
in a
FLANNEL FINISH
POLO
S-H I"RT
i •>
fluff
\ i At
fi
...WV«r it open in
rcqular Sports style
r—-
-otuiu/taKuJttu /
can be laundered
instead of dry*:leaned
#3*o
RcKA&Uti
125 UN IVERiITr
—spHOOSUP!—
in a
FLANNEL FINISH
POLO
S-H I"RT
i •>
fluff
\ i At
fi
...WV«r it open in
rcqular Sports style
r—-
-otuiu/taKuJttu /
can be laundered
instead of dry*:leaned
#3*o
RcKA&Uti
125 UN IVERiITr
—spHOOSUP!—
in a
FLANNEL FINISH
POLO
S-H I"RT
i •>
fluff
\ i At
fi
...WV«r it open in
rcqular Sports style
r—-
-otuiu/taKuJttu /
can be laundered
instead of dry*:leaned
#3*o
RcKA&Uti
125 UN IVERiITr
—spHOOSUP!—
in a
FLANNEL FINISH
POLO
S-H I"RT
i •>
fluff
\ i At
fi
...WV«r it open in
rcqular Sports style
r—-
-otuiu/taKuJttu /
can be laundered
instead of dry*:leaned
#3*o
RcKA&Uti
125 UN IVERiITr
—spHOOSUP!—
in a
FLANNEL FINISH
POLO
S-H I"RT
i •>
fluff
\ i At
fi
...WV«r it open in
rcqular Sports style
r—-
-otuiu/taKuJttu /
can be laundered
instead of dry*:leaned
#3*o
RcKA&Uti
125 UN IVERiITr
—spHOOSUP!—
in a
FLANNEL FINISH
POLO
S-H I"RT
i •>
fluff
\ i At
fi
...WV«r it open in
rcqular Sports style
r—-
-otuiu/taKuJttu /
can be laundered
instead of dry*:leaned
#3*o
RcKA&Uti
125 UN IVERiITr
—spHOOSUP!—
in a
FLANNEL FINISH
POLO
S-H I"RT
i •>
fluff
\ i At
fi
...WV«r it open in
rcqular Sports style
r—-
-otuiu/taKuJttu /
can be laundered
instead of dry*:leaned
#3*o
RcKA&Uti
125 UN IVERiITr
