# Spartans Favored In Fight Tourney
## 
### 
SACKAMENTO, March 4 (U.R).â€”
The Spartans of San Jose State Col
legr were tagged by boxing experts
today a.s the team to beat when
leather pushers from eight colleges
meet tomorrow night in first-round
matches of the Pacific Coast Inter
collegiate boxing championships.
Scini-final and final bouts will be
staged Saturday night, matching
boxers from* San Jose State, Cali
fornia Aggies, University of Idaho,
Washington State, University of San
Francisco, University of California,
University of Santa Clara, and
U.C.L.A.
Listing two 1935 and two 1936
Golden Gloves champions on its
roster, the Vandal squad from Mos
cow was accorded a good chance to
finish near the top of the list.
