# Gardner To Speak At Luncheon Club
## 
### 
Rev. David Charles Gardner, re
tired chaplain of Stanford's Memo
rial Church, will speak at the first
spring quarter meeting of the Uni
versity Luncheon Club, in the
Women's Clubhouse, on Wednesday,
March 31.
Dr. Gardner was chaplain at Stan
ford from 1902 until spring of last
year, when he retired and moved to
Carmel. The topic for Dr. Gardner's
talk has not yet been announced.
Rev. David Charles Gardner, re
tired chaplain of Stanford's Memo
rial Church, will speak at the first
spring quarter meeting of the Uni
versity Luncheon Club, in the
Women's Clubhouse, on Wednesday,
March 31.
Dr. Gardner was chaplain at Stan
ford from 1902 until spring of last
year, when he retired and moved to
Carmel. The topic for Dr. Gardner's
talk has not yet been announced.
Rev. David Charles Gardner, re
tired chaplain of Stanford's Memo
rial Church, will speak at the first
spring quarter meeting of the Uni
versity Luncheon Club, in the
Women's Clubhouse, on Wednesday,
March 31.
Dr. Gardner was chaplain at Stan
ford from 1902 until spring of last
year, when he retired and moved to
Carmel. The topic for Dr. Gardner's
talk has not yet been announced.
Rev. David Charles Gardner, re
tired chaplain of Stanford's Memo
rial Church, will speak at the first
spring quarter meeting of the Uni
versity Luncheon Club, in the
Women's Clubhouse, on Wednesday,
March 31.
Dr. Gardner was chaplain at Stan
ford from 1902 until spring of last
year, when he retired and moved to
Carmel. The topic for Dr. Gardner's
talk has not yet been announced.
Rev. David Charles Gardner, re
tired chaplain of Stanford's Memo
rial Church, will speak at the first
spring quarter meeting of the Uni
versity Luncheon Club, in the
Women's Clubhouse, on Wednesday,
March 31.
Dr. Gardner was chaplain at Stan
ford from 1902 until spring of last
year, when he retired and moved to
Carmel. The topic for Dr. Gardner's
talk has not yet been announced.
Rev. David Charles Gardner, re
tired chaplain of Stanford's Memo
rial Church, will speak at the first
spring quarter meeting of the Uni
versity Luncheon Club, in the
Women's Clubhouse, on Wednesday,
March 31.
Dr. Gardner was chaplain at Stan
ford from 1902 until spring of last
year, when he retired and moved to
Carmel. The topic for Dr. Gardner's
talk has not yet been announced.
Rev. David Charles Gardner, re
tired chaplain of Stanford's Memo
rial Church, will speak at the first
spring quarter meeting of the Uni
versity Luncheon Club, in the
Women's Clubhouse, on Wednesday,
March 31.
Dr. Gardner was chaplain at Stan
ford from 1902 until spring of last
year, when he retired and moved to
Carmel. The topic for Dr. Gardner's
talk has not yet been announced.
Rev. David Charles Gardner, re
tired chaplain of Stanford's Memo
rial Church, will speak at the first
spring quarter meeting of the Uni
versity Luncheon Club, in the
Women's Clubhouse, on Wednesday,
March 31.
Dr. Gardner was chaplain at Stan
ford from 1902 until spring of last
year, when he retired and moved to
Carmel. The topic for Dr. Gardner's
talk has not yet been announced.
Rev. David Charles Gardner, re
tired chaplain of Stanford's Memo
rial Church, will speak at the first
spring quarter meeting of the Uni
versity Luncheon Club, in the
Women's Clubhouse, on Wednesday,
March 31.
Dr. Gardner was chaplain at Stan
ford from 1902 until spring of last
year, when he retired and moved to
Carmel. The topic for Dr. Gardner's
talk has not yet been announced.
Rev. David Charles Gardner, re
tired chaplain of Stanford's Memo
rial Church, will speak at the first
spring quarter meeting of the Uni
versity Luncheon Club, in the
Women's Clubhouse, on Wednesday,
March 31.
Dr. Gardner was chaplain at Stan
ford from 1902 until spring of last
year, when he retired and moved to
Carmel. The topic for Dr. Gardner's
talk has not yet been announced.
Rev. David Charles Gardner, re
tired chaplain of Stanford's Memo
rial Church, will speak at the first
spring quarter meeting of the Uni
versity Luncheon Club, in the
Women's Clubhouse, on Wednesday,
March 31.
Dr. Gardner was chaplain at Stan
ford from 1902 until spring of last
year, when he retired and moved to
Carmel. The topic for Dr. Gardner's
talk has not yet been announced.
Rev. David Charles Gardner, re
tired chaplain of Stanford's Memo
rial Church, will speak at the first
spring quarter meeting of the Uni
versity Luncheon Club, in the
Women's Clubhouse, on Wednesday,
March 31.
Dr. Gardner was chaplain at Stan
ford from 1902 until spring of last
year, when he retired and moved to
Carmel. The topic for Dr. Gardner's
talk has not yet been announced.
Rev. David Charles Gardner, re
tired chaplain of Stanford's Memo
rial Church, will speak at the first
spring quarter meeting of the Uni
versity Luncheon Club, in the
Women's Clubhouse, on Wednesday,
March 31.
Dr. Gardner was chaplain at Stan
ford from 1902 until spring of last
year, when he retired and moved to
Carmel. The topic for Dr. Gardner's
talk has not yet been announced.
Rev. David Charles Gardner, re
tired chaplain of Stanford's Memo
rial Church, will speak at the first
spring quarter meeting of the Uni
versity Luncheon Club, in the
Women's Clubhouse, on Wednesday,
March 31.
Dr. Gardner was chaplain at Stan
ford from 1902 until spring of last
year, when he retired and moved to
Carmel. The topic for Dr. Gardner's
talk has not yet been announced.
Rev. David Charles Gardner, re
tired chaplain of Stanford's Memo
rial Church, will speak at the first
spring quarter meeting of the Uni
versity Luncheon Club, in the
Women's Clubhouse, on Wednesday,
March 31.
Dr. Gardner was chaplain at Stan
ford from 1902 until spring of last
year, when he retired and moved to
Carmel. The topic for Dr. Gardner's
talk has not yet been announced.
