# Berg Takes First Florida Golf Round
## 
### 
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., March 4
(U.R).—Playing in the form that car
ried her to victories in half of Flor
ida's winter tournaments, Patty Berg
of Minneapolis marched through the
first round of match play in the Flor
ida East Coast championships, de
feating Mrs. R. H. Trilclc of Birming
ham, 4 and 3, here yesterday.
Dorothy Traung of San Francisco
defeated Lillian Zech of Chicago, 1
up.
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., March 4
(U.R).—Playing in the form that car
ried her to victories in half of Flor
ida's winter tournaments, Patty Berg
of Minneapolis marched through the
first round of match play in the Flor
ida East Coast championships, de
feating Mrs. R. H. Trilclc of Birming
ham, 4 and 3, here yesterday.
Dorothy Traung of San Francisco
defeated Lillian Zech of Chicago, 1
up.
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., March 4
(U.R).—Playing in the form that car
ried her to victories in half of Flor
ida's winter tournaments, Patty Berg
of Minneapolis marched through the
first round of match play in the Flor
ida East Coast championships, de
feating Mrs. R. H. Trilclc of Birming
ham, 4 and 3, here yesterday.
Dorothy Traung of San Francisco
defeated Lillian Zech of Chicago, 1
up.
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., March 4
(U.R).—Playing in the form that car
ried her to victories in half of Flor
ida's winter tournaments, Patty Berg
of Minneapolis marched through the
first round of match play in the Flor
ida East Coast championships, de
feating Mrs. R. H. Trilclc of Birming
ham, 4 and 3, here yesterday.
Dorothy Traung of San Francisco
defeated Lillian Zech of Chicago, 1
up.
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., March 4
(U.R).—Playing in the form that car
ried her to victories in half of Flor
ida's winter tournaments, Patty Berg
of Minneapolis marched through the
first round of match play in the Flor
ida East Coast championships, de
feating Mrs. R. H. Trilclc of Birming
ham, 4 and 3, here yesterday.
Dorothy Traung of San Francisco
defeated Lillian Zech of Chicago, 1
up.
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., March 4
(U.R).—Playing in the form that car
ried her to victories in half of Flor
ida's winter tournaments, Patty Berg
of Minneapolis marched through the
first round of match play in the Flor
ida East Coast championships, de
feating Mrs. R. H. Trilclc of Birming
ham, 4 and 3, here yesterday.
Dorothy Traung of San Francisco
defeated Lillian Zech of Chicago, 1
up.
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., March 4
(U.R).—Playing in the form that car
ried her to victories in half of Flor
ida's winter tournaments, Patty Berg
of Minneapolis marched through the
first round of match play in the Flor
ida East Coast championships, de
feating Mrs. R. H. Trilclc of Birming
ham, 4 and 3, here yesterday.
Dorothy Traung of San Francisco
defeated Lillian Zech of Chicago, 1
up.
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., March 4
(U.R).—Playing in the form that car
ried her to victories in half of Flor
ida's winter tournaments, Patty Berg
of Minneapolis marched through the
first round of match play in the Flor
ida East Coast championships, de
feating Mrs. R. H. Trilclc of Birming
ham, 4 and 3, here yesterday.
Dorothy Traung of San Francisco
defeated Lillian Zech of Chicago, 1
up.
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., March 4
(U.R).—Playing in the form that car
ried her to victories in half of Flor
ida's winter tournaments, Patty Berg
of Minneapolis marched through the
first round of match play in the Flor
ida East Coast championships, de
feating Mrs. R. H. Trilclc of Birming
ham, 4 and 3, here yesterday.
Dorothy Traung of San Francisco
defeated Lillian Zech of Chicago, 1
up.
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., March 4
(U.R).—Playing in the form that car
ried her to victories in half of Flor
ida's winter tournaments, Patty Berg
of Minneapolis marched through the
first round of match play in the Flor
ida East Coast championships, de
feating Mrs. R. H. Trilclc of Birming
ham, 4 and 3, here yesterday.
Dorothy Traung of San Francisco
defeated Lillian Zech of Chicago, 1
up.
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., March 4
(U.R).—Playing in the form that car
ried her to victories in half of Flor
ida's winter tournaments, Patty Berg
of Minneapolis marched through the
first round of match play in the Flor
ida East Coast championships, de
feating Mrs. R. H. Trilclc of Birming
ham, 4 and 3, here yesterday.
Dorothy Traung of San Francisco
defeated Lillian Zech of Chicago, 1
up.
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., March 4
(U.R).—Playing in the form that car
ried her to victories in half of Flor
ida's winter tournaments, Patty Berg
of Minneapolis marched through the
first round of match play in the Flor
ida East Coast championships, de
feating Mrs. R. H. Trilclc of Birming
ham, 4 and 3, here yesterday.
Dorothy Traung of San Francisco
defeated Lillian Zech of Chicago, 1
up.
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., March 4
(U.R).—Playing in the form that car
ried her to victories in half of Flor
ida's winter tournaments, Patty Berg
of Minneapolis marched through the
first round of match play in the Flor
ida East Coast championships, de
feating Mrs. R. H. Trilclc of Birming
ham, 4 and 3, here yesterday.
Dorothy Traung of San Francisco
defeated Lillian Zech of Chicago, 1
up.
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., March 4
(U.R).—Playing in the form that car
ried her to victories in half of Flor
ida's winter tournaments, Patty Berg
of Minneapolis marched through the
first round of match play in the Flor
ida East Coast championships, de
feating Mrs. R. H. Trilclc of Birming
ham, 4 and 3, here yesterday.
Dorothy Traung of San Francisco
defeated Lillian Zech of Chicago, 1
up.
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., March 4
(U.R).—Playing in the form that car
ried her to victories in half of Flor
ida's winter tournaments, Patty Berg
of Minneapolis marched through the
first round of match play in the Flor
ida East Coast championships, de
feating Mrs. R. H. Trilclc of Birming
ham, 4 and 3, here yesterday.
Dorothy Traung of San Francisco
defeated Lillian Zech of Chicago, 1
up.
