# Committees Listed For Home Drive
## 
### 
Winding up the quarter's activities,
Jeeb Halaby, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, announced
appointment of members to eight
drive committees last night.
Working on labor day with Tom
Killifer as chairman are Spencer
Lehman, Ed Bosbyshell, Carl Nagel,
Curtis Eaton, Bunny Wilson, Bill
Todd, Dick Dudman, Phil Zonne, and
Bob Mallett.
Working on the ping-pong tourna
ment are Jayne Copp and Allen Od
die. Allan Hyman is in charge of
the golf tournament while John
Morrill will head the drive in all-
University units. Chairman of the
jolly-up committee is Ed Barnett,
who will be aided by Stan Chris
tianson, Betty Hellyer, and Jane
Schumacher.
In charge of the off-campus drive
are Lenore Albertson and Harmon
Howard. Bud Milligan is chairman
of the contact committee, and Ed
Kerr of the debate benefit.
Winding up the quarter's activities,
Jeeb Halaby, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, announced
appointment of members to eight
drive committees last night.
Working on labor day with Tom
Killifer as chairman are Spencer
Lehman, Ed Bosbyshell, Carl Nagel,
Curtis Eaton, Bunny Wilson, Bill
Todd, Dick Dudman, Phil Zonne, and
Bob Mallett.
Working on the ping-pong tourna
ment are Jayne Copp and Allen Od
die. Allan Hyman is in charge of
the golf tournament while John
Morrill will head the drive in all-
University units. Chairman of the
jolly-up committee is Ed Barnett,
who will be aided by Stan Chris
tianson, Betty Hellyer, and Jane
Schumacher.
In charge of the off-campus drive
are Lenore Albertson and Harmon
Howard. Bud Milligan is chairman
of the contact committee, and Ed
Kerr of the debate benefit.
Winding up the quarter's activities,
Jeeb Halaby, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, announced
appointment of members to eight
drive committees last night.
Working on labor day with Tom
Killifer as chairman are Spencer
Lehman, Ed Bosbyshell, Carl Nagel,
Curtis Eaton, Bunny Wilson, Bill
Todd, Dick Dudman, Phil Zonne, and
Bob Mallett.
Working on the ping-pong tourna
ment are Jayne Copp and Allen Od
die. Allan Hyman is in charge of
the golf tournament while John
Morrill will head the drive in all-
University units. Chairman of the
jolly-up committee is Ed Barnett,
who will be aided by Stan Chris
tianson, Betty Hellyer, and Jane
Schumacher.
In charge of the off-campus drive
are Lenore Albertson and Harmon
Howard. Bud Milligan is chairman
of the contact committee, and Ed
Kerr of the debate benefit.
Winding up the quarter's activities,
Jeeb Halaby, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, announced
appointment of members to eight
drive committees last night.
Working on labor day with Tom
Killifer as chairman are Spencer
Lehman, Ed Bosbyshell, Carl Nagel,
Curtis Eaton, Bunny Wilson, Bill
Todd, Dick Dudman, Phil Zonne, and
Bob Mallett.
Working on the ping-pong tourna
ment are Jayne Copp and Allen Od
die. Allan Hyman is in charge of
the golf tournament while John
Morrill will head the drive in all-
University units. Chairman of the
jolly-up committee is Ed Barnett,
who will be aided by Stan Chris
tianson, Betty Hellyer, and Jane
Schumacher.
In charge of the off-campus drive
are Lenore Albertson and Harmon
Howard. Bud Milligan is chairman
of the contact committee, and Ed
Kerr of the debate benefit.
Winding up the quarter's activities,
Jeeb Halaby, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, announced
appointment of members to eight
drive committees last night.
Working on labor day with Tom
Killifer as chairman are Spencer
Lehman, Ed Bosbyshell, Carl Nagel,
Curtis Eaton, Bunny Wilson, Bill
Todd, Dick Dudman, Phil Zonne, and
Bob Mallett.
Working on the ping-pong tourna
ment are Jayne Copp and Allen Od
die. Allan Hyman is in charge of
the golf tournament while John
Morrill will head the drive in all-
University units. Chairman of the
jolly-up committee is Ed Barnett,
who will be aided by Stan Chris
tianson, Betty Hellyer, and Jane
Schumacher.
In charge of the off-campus drive
are Lenore Albertson and Harmon
Howard. Bud Milligan is chairman
of the contact committee, and Ed
Kerr of the debate benefit.
Winding up the quarter's activities,
Jeeb Halaby, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, announced
appointment of members to eight
drive committees last night.
Working on labor day with Tom
Killifer as chairman are Spencer
Lehman, Ed Bosbyshell, Carl Nagel,
Curtis Eaton, Bunny Wilson, Bill
Todd, Dick Dudman, Phil Zonne, and
Bob Mallett.
Working on the ping-pong tourna
ment are Jayne Copp and Allen Od
die. Allan Hyman is in charge of
the golf tournament while John
Morrill will head the drive in all-
University units. Chairman of the
jolly-up committee is Ed Barnett,
who will be aided by Stan Chris
tianson, Betty Hellyer, and Jane
Schumacher.
In charge of the off-campus drive
are Lenore Albertson and Harmon
Howard. Bud Milligan is chairman
of the contact committee, and Ed
Kerr of the debate benefit.
Winding up the quarter's activities,
Jeeb Halaby, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, announced
appointment of members to eight
drive committees last night.
Working on labor day with Tom
Killifer as chairman are Spencer
Lehman, Ed Bosbyshell, Carl Nagel,
Curtis Eaton, Bunny Wilson, Bill
Todd, Dick Dudman, Phil Zonne, and
Bob Mallett.
Working on the ping-pong tourna
ment are Jayne Copp and Allen Od
die. Allan Hyman is in charge of
the golf tournament while John
Morrill will head the drive in all-
University units. Chairman of the
jolly-up committee is Ed Barnett,
who will be aided by Stan Chris
tianson, Betty Hellyer, and Jane
Schumacher.
In charge of the off-campus drive
are Lenore Albertson and Harmon
Howard. Bud Milligan is chairman
of the contact committee, and Ed
Kerr of the debate benefit.
Winding up the quarter's activities,
Jeeb Halaby, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, announced
appointment of members to eight
drive committees last night.
Working on labor day with Tom
Killifer as chairman are Spencer
Lehman, Ed Bosbyshell, Carl Nagel,
Curtis Eaton, Bunny Wilson, Bill
Todd, Dick Dudman, Phil Zonne, and
Bob Mallett.
Working on the ping-pong tourna
ment are Jayne Copp and Allen Od
die. Allan Hyman is in charge of
the golf tournament while John
Morrill will head the drive in all-
University units. Chairman of the
jolly-up committee is Ed Barnett,
who will be aided by Stan Chris
tianson, Betty Hellyer, and Jane
Schumacher.
In charge of the off-campus drive
are Lenore Albertson and Harmon
Howard. Bud Milligan is chairman
of the contact committee, and Ed
Kerr of the debate benefit.
Winding up the quarter's activities,
Jeeb Halaby, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, announced
appointment of members to eight
drive committees last night.
Working on labor day with Tom
Killifer as chairman are Spencer
Lehman, Ed Bosbyshell, Carl Nagel,
Curtis Eaton, Bunny Wilson, Bill
Todd, Dick Dudman, Phil Zonne, and
Bob Mallett.
Working on the ping-pong tourna
ment are Jayne Copp and Allen Od
die. Allan Hyman is in charge of
the golf tournament while John
Morrill will head the drive in all-
University units. Chairman of the
jolly-up committee is Ed Barnett,
who will be aided by Stan Chris
tianson, Betty Hellyer, and Jane
Schumacher.
In charge of the off-campus drive
are Lenore Albertson and Harmon
Howard. Bud Milligan is chairman
of the contact committee, and Ed
Kerr of the debate benefit.
Winding up the quarter's activities,
Jeeb Halaby, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, announced
appointment of members to eight
drive committees last night.
Working on labor day with Tom
Killifer as chairman are Spencer
Lehman, Ed Bosbyshell, Carl Nagel,
Curtis Eaton, Bunny Wilson, Bill
Todd, Dick Dudman, Phil Zonne, and
Bob Mallett.
Working on the ping-pong tourna
ment are Jayne Copp and Allen Od
die. Allan Hyman is in charge of
the golf tournament while John
Morrill will head the drive in all-
University units. Chairman of the
jolly-up committee is Ed Barnett,
who will be aided by Stan Chris
tianson, Betty Hellyer, and Jane
Schumacher.
In charge of the off-campus drive
are Lenore Albertson and Harmon
Howard. Bud Milligan is chairman
of the contact committee, and Ed
Kerr of the debate benefit.
Winding up the quarter's activities,
Jeeb Halaby, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, announced
appointment of members to eight
drive committees last night.
Working on labor day with Tom
Killifer as chairman are Spencer
Lehman, Ed Bosbyshell, Carl Nagel,
Curtis Eaton, Bunny Wilson, Bill
Todd, Dick Dudman, Phil Zonne, and
Bob Mallett.
Working on the ping-pong tourna
ment are Jayne Copp and Allen Od
die. Allan Hyman is in charge of
the golf tournament while John
Morrill will head the drive in all-
University units. Chairman of the
jolly-up committee is Ed Barnett,
who will be aided by Stan Chris
tianson, Betty Hellyer, and Jane
Schumacher.
In charge of the off-campus drive
are Lenore Albertson and Harmon
Howard. Bud Milligan is chairman
of the contact committee, and Ed
Kerr of the debate benefit.
Winding up the quarter's activities,
Jeeb Halaby, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, announced
appointment of members to eight
drive committees last night.
Working on labor day with Tom
Killifer as chairman are Spencer
Lehman, Ed Bosbyshell, Carl Nagel,
Curtis Eaton, Bunny Wilson, Bill
Todd, Dick Dudman, Phil Zonne, and
Bob Mallett.
Working on the ping-pong tourna
ment are Jayne Copp and Allen Od
die. Allan Hyman is in charge of
the golf tournament while John
Morrill will head the drive in all-
University units. Chairman of the
jolly-up committee is Ed Barnett,
who will be aided by Stan Chris
tianson, Betty Hellyer, and Jane
Schumacher.
In charge of the off-campus drive
are Lenore Albertson and Harmon
Howard. Bud Milligan is chairman
of the contact committee, and Ed
Kerr of the debate benefit.
Winding up the quarter's activities,
Jeeb Halaby, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, announced
appointment of members to eight
drive committees last night.
Working on labor day with Tom
Killifer as chairman are Spencer
Lehman, Ed Bosbyshell, Carl Nagel,
Curtis Eaton, Bunny Wilson, Bill
Todd, Dick Dudman, Phil Zonne, and
Bob Mallett.
Working on the ping-pong tourna
ment are Jayne Copp and Allen Od
die. Allan Hyman is in charge of
the golf tournament while John
Morrill will head the drive in all-
University units. Chairman of the
jolly-up committee is Ed Barnett,
who will be aided by Stan Chris
tianson, Betty Hellyer, and Jane
Schumacher.
In charge of the off-campus drive
are Lenore Albertson and Harmon
Howard. Bud Milligan is chairman
of the contact committee, and Ed
Kerr of the debate benefit.
Winding up the quarter's activities,
Jeeb Halaby, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, announced
appointment of members to eight
drive committees last night.
Working on labor day with Tom
Killifer as chairman are Spencer
Lehman, Ed Bosbyshell, Carl Nagel,
Curtis Eaton, Bunny Wilson, Bill
Todd, Dick Dudman, Phil Zonne, and
Bob Mallett.
Working on the ping-pong tourna
ment are Jayne Copp and Allen Od
die. Allan Hyman is in charge of
the golf tournament while John
Morrill will head the drive in all-
University units. Chairman of the
jolly-up committee is Ed Barnett,
who will be aided by Stan Chris
tianson, Betty Hellyer, and Jane
Schumacher.
In charge of the off-campus drive
are Lenore Albertson and Harmon
Howard. Bud Milligan is chairman
of the contact committee, and Ed
Kerr of the debate benefit.
Winding up the quarter's activities,
Jeeb Halaby, chairman of the Con
valescent Home Drive, announced
appointment of members to eight
drive committees last night.
Working on labor day with Tom
Killifer as chairman are Spencer
Lehman, Ed Bosbyshell, Carl Nagel,
Curtis Eaton, Bunny Wilson, Bill
Todd, Dick Dudman, Phil Zonne, and
Bob Mallett.
Working on the ping-pong tourna
ment are Jayne Copp and Allen Od
die. Allan Hyman is in charge of
the golf tournament while John
Morrill will head the drive in all-
University units. Chairman of the
jolly-up committee is Ed Barnett,
who will be aided by Stan Chris
tianson, Betty Hellyer, and Jane
Schumacher.
In charge of the off-campus drive
are Lenore Albertson and Harmon
Howard. Bud Milligan is chairman
of the contact committee, and Ed
Kerr of the debate benefit.
