# Dali Daze At Branner Saturday
## 
### 
"Hellzapoppin will seem disgust
ingly sane in comparison with
Branner's case of Dali delirium
Saturday," said Cathy Morris,
Branner vice-president. Dancing
will last from 9:30 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Dali Costumes
Surrealistic acts and interludes
will be provided throughout the
dance to liven the evening, accord
ing to Miss Morris. "If things be
come dull, though," she added, "just
look around you and tighten your
straitjacket."
Two of the hostesses plan to wel
come the guests as crossed eyes.
More conservative costumes will
consist of lamp shades and picture
frames. Miss Morris pointed out
that costumes will not be required,
however.
Eyes and Legs Featured
Eyes will cover the drapes and
tables will be supported by human
like legs. Another feature of the
decorations, according to June
Hemenway, decoration committee
head, will be a lucite leg filled with
goldfish. The whole effect will be
taided by green and blue lights.
Guests Limited
The dance crowd will be limited
to 125 couples to avoid over-crowd
ed dancing conditions. Bids were
first sold to Branner women, and
the remaining bids were sold to the
general public yesterday.
Refreshments—hot dogs and cof
fee—will be served in Branner's in
ner court.
Committee chairmen are: Miss
Hemenway, decorations; Jackie
Miller, tickets; Mary Mollendorf,
patrons; Barbara Whitehouse, food;
Peggy O'Neill, tables; Peggy Stern,
serving, and Nancy Raybould, mu-
"Hellzapoppin will seem disgust
ingly sane in comparison with
Branner's case of Dali delirium
Saturday," said Cathy Morris,
Branner vice-president. Dancing
will last from 9:30 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Dali Costumes
Surrealistic acts and interludes
will be provided throughout the
dance to liven the evening, accord
ing to Miss Morris. "If things be
come dull, though," she added, "just
look around you and tighten your
straitjacket."
Two of the hostesses plan to wel
come the guests as crossed eyes.
More conservative costumes will
consist of lamp shades and picture
frames. Miss Morris pointed out
that costumes will not be required,
however.
Eyes and Legs Featured
Eyes will cover the drapes and
tables will be supported by human
like legs. Another feature of the
decorations, according to June
Hemenway, decoration committee
head, will be a lucite leg filled with
goldfish. The whole effect will be
taided by green and blue lights.
Guests Limited
The dance crowd will be limited
to 125 couples to avoid over-crowd
ed dancing conditions. Bids were
first sold to Branner women, and
the remaining bids were sold to the
general public yesterday.
Refreshments—hot dogs and cof
fee—will be served in Branner's in
ner court.
Committee chairmen are: Miss
Hemenway, decorations; Jackie
Miller, tickets; Mary Mollendorf,
patrons; Barbara Whitehouse, food;
Peggy O'Neill, tables; Peggy Stern,
serving, and Nancy Raybould, mu-
"Hellzapoppin will seem disgust
ingly sane in comparison with
Branner's case of Dali delirium
Saturday," said Cathy Morris,
Branner vice-president. Dancing
will last from 9:30 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Dali Costumes
Surrealistic acts and interludes
will be provided throughout the
dance to liven the evening, accord
ing to Miss Morris. "If things be
come dull, though," she added, "just
look around you and tighten your
straitjacket."
Two of the hostesses plan to wel
come the guests as crossed eyes.
More conservative costumes will
consist of lamp shades and picture
frames. Miss Morris pointed out
that costumes will not be required,
however.
Eyes and Legs Featured
Eyes will cover the drapes and
tables will be supported by human
like legs. Another feature of the
decorations, according to June
Hemenway, decoration committee
head, will be a lucite leg filled with
goldfish. The whole effect will be
taided by green and blue lights.
Guests Limited
The dance crowd will be limited
to 125 couples to avoid over-crowd
ed dancing conditions. Bids were
first sold to Branner women, and
the remaining bids were sold to the
general public yesterday.
Refreshments—hot dogs and cof
fee—will be served in Branner's in
ner court.
Committee chairmen are: Miss
Hemenway, decorations; Jackie
Miller, tickets; Mary Mollendorf,
patrons; Barbara Whitehouse, food;
Peggy O'Neill, tables; Peggy Stern,
serving, and Nancy Raybould, mu-
"Hellzapoppin will seem disgust
ingly sane in comparison with
Branner's case of Dali delirium
Saturday," said Cathy Morris,
Branner vice-president. Dancing
will last from 9:30 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Dali Costumes
Surrealistic acts and interludes
will be provided throughout the
dance to liven the evening, accord
ing to Miss Morris. "If things be
come dull, though," she added, "just
look around you and tighten your
straitjacket."
Two of the hostesses plan to wel
come the guests as crossed eyes.
More conservative costumes will
consist of lamp shades and picture
frames. Miss Morris pointed out
that costumes will not be required,
however.
Eyes and Legs Featured
Eyes will cover the drapes and
tables will be supported by human
like legs. Another feature of the
decorations, according to June
Hemenway, decoration committee
head, will be a lucite leg filled with
goldfish. The whole effect will be
taided by green and blue lights.
Guests Limited
The dance crowd will be limited
to 125 couples to avoid over-crowd
ed dancing conditions. Bids were
first sold to Branner women, and
the remaining bids were sold to the
general public yesterday.
Refreshments—hot dogs and cof
fee—will be served in Branner's in
ner court.
Committee chairmen are: Miss
Hemenway, decorations; Jackie
Miller, tickets; Mary Mollendorf,
patrons; Barbara Whitehouse, food;
Peggy O'Neill, tables; Peggy Stern,
serving, and Nancy Raybould, mu-
"Hellzapoppin will seem disgust
ingly sane in comparison with
Branner's case of Dali delirium
Saturday," said Cathy Morris,
Branner vice-president. Dancing
will last from 9:30 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Dali Costumes
Surrealistic acts and interludes
will be provided throughout the
dance to liven the evening, accord
ing to Miss Morris. "If things be
come dull, though," she added, "just
look around you and tighten your
straitjacket."
Two of the hostesses plan to wel
come the guests as crossed eyes.
More conservative costumes will
consist of lamp shades and picture
frames. Miss Morris pointed out
that costumes will not be required,
however.
Eyes and Legs Featured
Eyes will cover the drapes and
tables will be supported by human
like legs. Another feature of the
decorations, according to June
Hemenway, decoration committee
head, will be a lucite leg filled with
goldfish. The whole effect will be
taided by green and blue lights.
Guests Limited
The dance crowd will be limited
to 125 couples to avoid over-crowd
ed dancing conditions. Bids were
first sold to Branner women, and
the remaining bids were sold to the
general public yesterday.
Refreshments—hot dogs and cof
fee—will be served in Branner's in
ner court.
Committee chairmen are: Miss
Hemenway, decorations; Jackie
Miller, tickets; Mary Mollendorf,
patrons; Barbara Whitehouse, food;
Peggy O'Neill, tables; Peggy Stern,
serving, and Nancy Raybould, mu-
"Hellzapoppin will seem disgust
ingly sane in comparison with
Branner's case of Dali delirium
Saturday," said Cathy Morris,
Branner vice-president. Dancing
will last from 9:30 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Dali Costumes
Surrealistic acts and interludes
will be provided throughout the
dance to liven the evening, accord
ing to Miss Morris. "If things be
come dull, though," she added, "just
look around you and tighten your
straitjacket."
Two of the hostesses plan to wel
come the guests as crossed eyes.
More conservative costumes will
consist of lamp shades and picture
frames. Miss Morris pointed out
that costumes will not be required,
however.
Eyes and Legs Featured
Eyes will cover the drapes and
tables will be supported by human
like legs. Another feature of the
decorations, according to June
Hemenway, decoration committee
head, will be a lucite leg filled with
goldfish. The whole effect will be
taided by green and blue lights.
Guests Limited
The dance crowd will be limited
to 125 couples to avoid over-crowd
ed dancing conditions. Bids were
first sold to Branner women, and
the remaining bids were sold to the
general public yesterday.
Refreshments—hot dogs and cof
fee—will be served in Branner's in
ner court.
Committee chairmen are: Miss
Hemenway, decorations; Jackie
Miller, tickets; Mary Mollendorf,
patrons; Barbara Whitehouse, food;
Peggy O'Neill, tables; Peggy Stern,
serving, and Nancy Raybould, mu-
"Hellzapoppin will seem disgust
ingly sane in comparison with
Branner's case of Dali delirium
Saturday," said Cathy Morris,
Branner vice-president. Dancing
will last from 9:30 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Dali Costumes
Surrealistic acts and interludes
will be provided throughout the
dance to liven the evening, accord
ing to Miss Morris. "If things be
come dull, though," she added, "just
look around you and tighten your
straitjacket."
Two of the hostesses plan to wel
come the guests as crossed eyes.
More conservative costumes will
consist of lamp shades and picture
frames. Miss Morris pointed out
that costumes will not be required,
however.
Eyes and Legs Featured
Eyes will cover the drapes and
tables will be supported by human
like legs. Another feature of the
decorations, according to June
Hemenway, decoration committee
head, will be a lucite leg filled with
goldfish. The whole effect will be
taided by green and blue lights.
Guests Limited
The dance crowd will be limited
to 125 couples to avoid over-crowd
ed dancing conditions. Bids were
first sold to Branner women, and
the remaining bids were sold to the
general public yesterday.
Refreshments—hot dogs and cof
fee—will be served in Branner's in
ner court.
Committee chairmen are: Miss
Hemenway, decorations; Jackie
Miller, tickets; Mary Mollendorf,
patrons; Barbara Whitehouse, food;
Peggy O'Neill, tables; Peggy Stern,
serving, and Nancy Raybould, mu-
"Hellzapoppin will seem disgust
ingly sane in comparison with
Branner's case of Dali delirium
Saturday," said Cathy Morris,
Branner vice-president. Dancing
will last from 9:30 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Dali Costumes
Surrealistic acts and interludes
will be provided throughout the
dance to liven the evening, accord
ing to Miss Morris. "If things be
come dull, though," she added, "just
look around you and tighten your
straitjacket."
Two of the hostesses plan to wel
come the guests as crossed eyes.
More conservative costumes will
consist of lamp shades and picture
frames. Miss Morris pointed out
that costumes will not be required,
however.
Eyes and Legs Featured
Eyes will cover the drapes and
tables will be supported by human
like legs. Another feature of the
decorations, according to June
Hemenway, decoration committee
head, will be a lucite leg filled with
goldfish. The whole effect will be
taided by green and blue lights.
Guests Limited
The dance crowd will be limited
to 125 couples to avoid over-crowd
ed dancing conditions. Bids were
first sold to Branner women, and
the remaining bids were sold to the
general public yesterday.
Refreshments—hot dogs and cof
fee—will be served in Branner's in
ner court.
Committee chairmen are: Miss
Hemenway, decorations; Jackie
Miller, tickets; Mary Mollendorf,
patrons; Barbara Whitehouse, food;
Peggy O'Neill, tables; Peggy Stern,
serving, and Nancy Raybould, mu-
"Hellzapoppin will seem disgust
ingly sane in comparison with
Branner's case of Dali delirium
Saturday," said Cathy Morris,
Branner vice-president. Dancing
will last from 9:30 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Dali Costumes
Surrealistic acts and interludes
will be provided throughout the
dance to liven the evening, accord
ing to Miss Morris. "If things be
come dull, though," she added, "just
look around you and tighten your
straitjacket."
Two of the hostesses plan to wel
come the guests as crossed eyes.
More conservative costumes will
consist of lamp shades and picture
frames. Miss Morris pointed out
that costumes will not be required,
however.
Eyes and Legs Featured
Eyes will cover the drapes and
tables will be supported by human
like legs. Another feature of the
decorations, according to June
Hemenway, decoration committee
head, will be a lucite leg filled with
goldfish. The whole effect will be
taided by green and blue lights.
Guests Limited
The dance crowd will be limited
to 125 couples to avoid over-crowd
ed dancing conditions. Bids were
first sold to Branner women, and
the remaining bids were sold to the
general public yesterday.
Refreshments—hot dogs and cof
fee—will be served in Branner's in
ner court.
Committee chairmen are: Miss
Hemenway, decorations; Jackie
Miller, tickets; Mary Mollendorf,
patrons; Barbara Whitehouse, food;
Peggy O'Neill, tables; Peggy Stern,
serving, and Nancy Raybould, mu-
"Hellzapoppin will seem disgust
ingly sane in comparison with
Branner's case of Dali delirium
Saturday," said Cathy Morris,
Branner vice-president. Dancing
will last from 9:30 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Dali Costumes
Surrealistic acts and interludes
will be provided throughout the
dance to liven the evening, accord
ing to Miss Morris. "If things be
come dull, though," she added, "just
look around you and tighten your
straitjacket."
Two of the hostesses plan to wel
come the guests as crossed eyes.
More conservative costumes will
consist of lamp shades and picture
frames. Miss Morris pointed out
that costumes will not be required,
however.
Eyes and Legs Featured
Eyes will cover the drapes and
tables will be supported by human
like legs. Another feature of the
decorations, according to June
Hemenway, decoration committee
head, will be a lucite leg filled with
goldfish. The whole effect will be
taided by green and blue lights.
Guests Limited
The dance crowd will be limited
to 125 couples to avoid over-crowd
ed dancing conditions. Bids were
first sold to Branner women, and
the remaining bids were sold to the
general public yesterday.
Refreshments—hot dogs and cof
fee—will be served in Branner's in
ner court.
Committee chairmen are: Miss
Hemenway, decorations; Jackie
Miller, tickets; Mary Mollendorf,
patrons; Barbara Whitehouse, food;
Peggy O'Neill, tables; Peggy Stern,
serving, and Nancy Raybould, mu-
"Hellzapoppin will seem disgust
ingly sane in comparison with
Branner's case of Dali delirium
Saturday," said Cathy Morris,
Branner vice-president. Dancing
will last from 9:30 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Dali Costumes
Surrealistic acts and interludes
will be provided throughout the
dance to liven the evening, accord
ing to Miss Morris. "If things be
come dull, though," she added, "just
look around you and tighten your
straitjacket."
Two of the hostesses plan to wel
come the guests as crossed eyes.
More conservative costumes will
consist of lamp shades and picture
frames. Miss Morris pointed out
that costumes will not be required,
however.
Eyes and Legs Featured
Eyes will cover the drapes and
tables will be supported by human
like legs. Another feature of the
decorations, according to June
Hemenway, decoration committee
head, will be a lucite leg filled with
goldfish. The whole effect will be
taided by green and blue lights.
Guests Limited
The dance crowd will be limited
to 125 couples to avoid over-crowd
ed dancing conditions. Bids were
first sold to Branner women, and
the remaining bids were sold to the
general public yesterday.
Refreshments—hot dogs and cof
fee—will be served in Branner's in
ner court.
Committee chairmen are: Miss
Hemenway, decorations; Jackie
Miller, tickets; Mary Mollendorf,
patrons; Barbara Whitehouse, food;
Peggy O'Neill, tables; Peggy Stern,
serving, and Nancy Raybould, mu-
"Hellzapoppin will seem disgust
ingly sane in comparison with
Branner's case of Dali delirium
Saturday," said Cathy Morris,
Branner vice-president. Dancing
will last from 9:30 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Dali Costumes
Surrealistic acts and interludes
will be provided throughout the
dance to liven the evening, accord
ing to Miss Morris. "If things be
come dull, though," she added, "just
look around you and tighten your
straitjacket."
Two of the hostesses plan to wel
come the guests as crossed eyes.
More conservative costumes will
consist of lamp shades and picture
frames. Miss Morris pointed out
that costumes will not be required,
however.
Eyes and Legs Featured
Eyes will cover the drapes and
tables will be supported by human
like legs. Another feature of the
decorations, according to June
Hemenway, decoration committee
head, will be a lucite leg filled with
goldfish. The whole effect will be
taided by green and blue lights.
Guests Limited
The dance crowd will be limited
to 125 couples to avoid over-crowd
ed dancing conditions. Bids were
first sold to Branner women, and
the remaining bids were sold to the
general public yesterday.
Refreshments—hot dogs and cof
fee—will be served in Branner's in
ner court.
Committee chairmen are: Miss
Hemenway, decorations; Jackie
Miller, tickets; Mary Mollendorf,
patrons; Barbara Whitehouse, food;
Peggy O'Neill, tables; Peggy Stern,
serving, and Nancy Raybould, mu-
"Hellzapoppin will seem disgust
ingly sane in comparison with
Branner's case of Dali delirium
Saturday," said Cathy Morris,
Branner vice-president. Dancing
will last from 9:30 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Dali Costumes
Surrealistic acts and interludes
will be provided throughout the
dance to liven the evening, accord
ing to Miss Morris. "If things be
come dull, though," she added, "just
look around you and tighten your
straitjacket."
Two of the hostesses plan to wel
come the guests as crossed eyes.
More conservative costumes will
consist of lamp shades and picture
frames. Miss Morris pointed out
that costumes will not be required,
however.
Eyes and Legs Featured
Eyes will cover the drapes and
tables will be supported by human
like legs. Another feature of the
decorations, according to June
Hemenway, decoration committee
head, will be a lucite leg filled with
goldfish. The whole effect will be
taided by green and blue lights.
Guests Limited
The dance crowd will be limited
to 125 couples to avoid over-crowd
ed dancing conditions. Bids were
first sold to Branner women, and
the remaining bids were sold to the
general public yesterday.
Refreshments—hot dogs and cof
fee—will be served in Branner's in
ner court.
Committee chairmen are: Miss
Hemenway, decorations; Jackie
Miller, tickets; Mary Mollendorf,
patrons; Barbara Whitehouse, food;
Peggy O'Neill, tables; Peggy Stern,
serving, and Nancy Raybould, mu-
"Hellzapoppin will seem disgust
ingly sane in comparison with
Branner's case of Dali delirium
Saturday," said Cathy Morris,
Branner vice-president. Dancing
will last from 9:30 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Dali Costumes
Surrealistic acts and interludes
will be provided throughout the
dance to liven the evening, accord
ing to Miss Morris. "If things be
come dull, though," she added, "just
look around you and tighten your
straitjacket."
Two of the hostesses plan to wel
come the guests as crossed eyes.
More conservative costumes will
consist of lamp shades and picture
frames. Miss Morris pointed out
that costumes will not be required,
however.
Eyes and Legs Featured
Eyes will cover the drapes and
tables will be supported by human
like legs. Another feature of the
decorations, according to June
Hemenway, decoration committee
head, will be a lucite leg filled with
goldfish. The whole effect will be
taided by green and blue lights.
Guests Limited
The dance crowd will be limited
to 125 couples to avoid over-crowd
ed dancing conditions. Bids were
first sold to Branner women, and
the remaining bids were sold to the
general public yesterday.
Refreshments—hot dogs and cof
fee—will be served in Branner's in
ner court.
Committee chairmen are: Miss
Hemenway, decorations; Jackie
Miller, tickets; Mary Mollendorf,
patrons; Barbara Whitehouse, food;
Peggy O'Neill, tables; Peggy Stern,
serving, and Nancy Raybould, mu-
"Hellzapoppin will seem disgust
ingly sane in comparison with
Branner's case of Dali delirium
Saturday," said Cathy Morris,
Branner vice-president. Dancing
will last from 9:30 p.m. to 1 a.m.
Dali Costumes
Surrealistic acts and interludes
will be provided throughout the
dance to liven the evening, accord
ing to Miss Morris. "If things be
come dull, though," she added, "just
look around you and tighten your
straitjacket."
Two of the hostesses plan to wel
come the guests as crossed eyes.
More conservative costumes will
consist of lamp shades and picture
frames. Miss Morris pointed out
that costumes will not be required,
however.
Eyes and Legs Featured
Eyes will cover the drapes and
tables will be supported by human
like legs. Another feature of the
decorations, according to June
Hemenway, decoration committee
head, will be a lucite leg filled with
goldfish. The whole effect will be
taided by green and blue lights.
Guests Limited
The dance crowd will be limited
to 125 couples to avoid over-crowd
ed dancing conditions. Bids were
first sold to Branner women, and
the remaining bids were sold to the
general public yesterday.
Refreshments—hot dogs and cof
fee—will be served in Branner's in
ner court.
Committee chairmen are: Miss
Hemenway, decorations; Jackie
Miller, tickets; Mary Mollendorf,
patrons; Barbara Whitehouse, food;
Peggy O'Neill, tables; Peggy Stern,
serving, and Nancy Raybould, mu-
