# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
Eugene Eliot, Pholl 1/c, American navy man stationed in Japan, knows
how to influence the youth population of Yokosuka. The young
foursome line up for Yank candy bars, learn rapidly of the delight*
of the sweet goods world.

By United Press
Eugene Eliot, Pholl 1/c, American navy man stationed in Japan, knows
how to influence the youth population of Yokosuka. The young
foursome line up for Yank candy bars, learn rapidly of the delight*
of the sweet goods world.

By United Press
Eugene Eliot, Pholl 1/c, American navy man stationed in Japan, knows
how to influence the youth population of Yokosuka. The young
foursome line up for Yank candy bars, learn rapidly of the delight*
of the sweet goods world.

By United Press
Eugene Eliot, Pholl 1/c, American navy man stationed in Japan, knows
how to influence the youth population of Yokosuka. The young
foursome line up for Yank candy bars, learn rapidly of the delight*
of the sweet goods world.

By United Press
Eugene Eliot, Pholl 1/c, American navy man stationed in Japan, knows
how to influence the youth population of Yokosuka. The young
foursome line up for Yank candy bars, learn rapidly of the delight*
of the sweet goods world.

By United Press
Eugene Eliot, Pholl 1/c, American navy man stationed in Japan, knows
how to influence the youth population of Yokosuka. The young
foursome line up for Yank candy bars, learn rapidly of the delight*
of the sweet goods world.

By United Press
Eugene Eliot, Pholl 1/c, American navy man stationed in Japan, knows
how to influence the youth population of Yokosuka. The young
foursome line up for Yank candy bars, learn rapidly of the delight*
of the sweet goods world.

By United Press
Eugene Eliot, Pholl 1/c, American navy man stationed in Japan, knows
how to influence the youth population of Yokosuka. The young
foursome line up for Yank candy bars, learn rapidly of the delight*
of the sweet goods world.

By United Press
Eugene Eliot, Pholl 1/c, American navy man stationed in Japan, knows
how to influence the youth population of Yokosuka. The young
foursome line up for Yank candy bars, learn rapidly of the delight*
of the sweet goods world.

By United Press
Eugene Eliot, Pholl 1/c, American navy man stationed in Japan, knows
how to influence the youth population of Yokosuka. The young
foursome line up for Yank candy bars, learn rapidly of the delight*
of the sweet goods world.

By United Press
Eugene Eliot, Pholl 1/c, American navy man stationed in Japan, knows
how to influence the youth population of Yokosuka. The young
foursome line up for Yank candy bars, learn rapidly of the delight*
of the sweet goods world.

By United Press
Eugene Eliot, Pholl 1/c, American navy man stationed in Japan, knows
how to influence the youth population of Yokosuka. The young
foursome line up for Yank candy bars, learn rapidly of the delight*
of the sweet goods world.

By United Press
Eugene Eliot, Pholl 1/c, American navy man stationed in Japan, knows
how to influence the youth population of Yokosuka. The young
foursome line up for Yank candy bars, learn rapidly of the delight*
of the sweet goods world.

By United Press
Eugene Eliot, Pholl 1/c, American navy man stationed in Japan, knows
how to influence the youth population of Yokosuka. The young
foursome line up for Yank candy bars, learn rapidly of the delight*
of the sweet goods world.

By United Press
Eugene Eliot, Pholl 1/c, American navy man stationed in Japan, knows
how to influence the youth population of Yokosuka. The young
foursome line up for Yank candy bars, learn rapidly of the delight*
of the sweet goods world.
