# Adv. 19 Page 4
## 
### 
America's
Award-Winning
Musical
GUARANTEED
STUDENT RUSH
ONLY $3!
First 50 students
GUARANTEED seating:
Best Available 15 minutes
prior to curtain time with
student ID card!
(Two tickets for one 1.D.)
BOX" OFFICE PHONE: 673-6440
AMERICAN
CONSERVATORY .
THEATRE M g* I
cAU 1.
THEATRE / Geary and Mason St^
America's
Award-Winning
Musical
GUARANTEED
STUDENT RUSH
ONLY $3!
First 50 students
GUARANTEED seating:
Best Available 15 minutes
prior to curtain time with
student ID card!
(Two tickets for one 1.D.)
BOX" OFFICE PHONE: 673-6440
AMERICAN
CONSERVATORY .
THEATRE M g* I
cAU 1.
THEATRE / Geary and Mason St^
America's
Award-Winning
Musical
GUARANTEED
STUDENT RUSH
ONLY $3!
First 50 students
GUARANTEED seating:
Best Available 15 minutes
prior to curtain time with
student ID card!
(Two tickets for one 1.D.)
BOX" OFFICE PHONE: 673-6440
AMERICAN
CONSERVATORY .
THEATRE M g* I
cAU 1.
THEATRE / Geary and Mason St^
America's
Award-Winning
Musical
GUARANTEED
STUDENT RUSH
ONLY $3!
First 50 students
GUARANTEED seating:
Best Available 15 minutes
prior to curtain time with
student ID card!
(Two tickets for one 1.D.)
BOX" OFFICE PHONE: 673-6440
AMERICAN
CONSERVATORY .
THEATRE M g* I
cAU 1.
THEATRE / Geary and Mason St^
America's
Award-Winning
Musical
GUARANTEED
STUDENT RUSH
ONLY $3!
First 50 students
GUARANTEED seating:
Best Available 15 minutes
prior to curtain time with
student ID card!
(Two tickets for one 1.D.)
BOX" OFFICE PHONE: 673-6440
AMERICAN
CONSERVATORY .
THEATRE M g* I
cAU 1.
THEATRE / Geary and Mason St^
America's
Award-Winning
Musical
GUARANTEED
STUDENT RUSH
ONLY $3!
First 50 students
GUARANTEED seating:
Best Available 15 minutes
prior to curtain time with
student ID card!
(Two tickets for one 1.D.)
BOX" OFFICE PHONE: 673-6440
AMERICAN
CONSERVATORY .
THEATRE M g* I
cAU 1.
THEATRE / Geary and Mason St^
America's
Award-Winning
Musical
GUARANTEED
STUDENT RUSH
ONLY $3!
First 50 students
GUARANTEED seating:
Best Available 15 minutes
prior to curtain time with
student ID card!
(Two tickets for one 1.D.)
BOX" OFFICE PHONE: 673-6440
AMERICAN
CONSERVATORY .
THEATRE M g* I
cAU 1.
THEATRE / Geary and Mason St^
America's
Award-Winning
Musical
GUARANTEED
STUDENT RUSH
ONLY $3!
First 50 students
GUARANTEED seating:
Best Available 15 minutes
prior to curtain time with
student ID card!
(Two tickets for one 1.D.)
BOX" OFFICE PHONE: 673-6440
AMERICAN
CONSERVATORY .
THEATRE M g* I
cAU 1.
THEATRE / Geary and Mason St^
America's
Award-Winning
Musical
GUARANTEED
STUDENT RUSH
ONLY $3!
First 50 students
GUARANTEED seating:
Best Available 15 minutes
prior to curtain time with
student ID card!
(Two tickets for one 1.D.)
BOX" OFFICE PHONE: 673-6440
AMERICAN
CONSERVATORY .
THEATRE M g* I
cAU 1.
THEATRE / Geary and Mason St^
America's
Award-Winning
Musical
GUARANTEED
STUDENT RUSH
ONLY $3!
First 50 students
GUARANTEED seating:
Best Available 15 minutes
prior to curtain time with
student ID card!
(Two tickets for one 1.D.)
BOX" OFFICE PHONE: 673-6440
AMERICAN
CONSERVATORY .
THEATRE M g* I
cAU 1.
THEATRE / Geary and Mason St^
America's
Award-Winning
Musical
GUARANTEED
STUDENT RUSH
ONLY $3!
First 50 students
GUARANTEED seating:
Best Available 15 minutes
prior to curtain time with
student ID card!
(Two tickets for one 1.D.)
BOX" OFFICE PHONE: 673-6440
AMERICAN
CONSERVATORY .
THEATRE M g* I
cAU 1.
THEATRE / Geary and Mason St^
America's
Award-Winning
Musical
GUARANTEED
STUDENT RUSH
ONLY $3!
First 50 students
GUARANTEED seating:
Best Available 15 minutes
prior to curtain time with
student ID card!
(Two tickets for one 1.D.)
BOX" OFFICE PHONE: 673-6440
AMERICAN
CONSERVATORY .
THEATRE M g* I
cAU 1.
THEATRE / Geary and Mason St^
America's
Award-Winning
Musical
GUARANTEED
STUDENT RUSH
ONLY $3!
First 50 students
GUARANTEED seating:
Best Available 15 minutes
prior to curtain time with
student ID card!
(Two tickets for one 1.D.)
BOX" OFFICE PHONE: 673-6440
AMERICAN
CONSERVATORY .
THEATRE M g* I
cAU 1.
THEATRE / Geary and Mason St^
America's
Award-Winning
Musical
GUARANTEED
STUDENT RUSH
ONLY $3!
First 50 students
GUARANTEED seating:
Best Available 15 minutes
prior to curtain time with
student ID card!
(Two tickets for one 1.D.)
BOX" OFFICE PHONE: 673-6440
AMERICAN
CONSERVATORY .
THEATRE M g* I
cAU 1.
THEATRE / Geary and Mason St^
