# Thrills Match Spills When Poloists Meet
## 
### 

I ieut C E Hushes of the Monterey, Cal., Presidio polo team "comes a cropper" during a polo match at
Del Monte while Capt. E. J. Roxbury, No. 2, and Linday Howard, in background, apparently unperturbed,
look on. It's all in the day's work to these hard riders.

I ieut C E Hushes of the Monterey, Cal., Presidio polo team "comes a cropper" during a polo match at
Del Monte while Capt. E. J. Roxbury, No. 2, and Linday Howard, in background, apparently unperturbed,
look on. It's all in the day's work to these hard riders.

I ieut C E Hushes of the Monterey, Cal., Presidio polo team "comes a cropper" during a polo match at
Del Monte while Capt. E. J. Roxbury, No. 2, and Linday Howard, in background, apparently unperturbed,
look on. It's all in the day's work to these hard riders.

I ieut C E Hushes of the Monterey, Cal., Presidio polo team "comes a cropper" during a polo match at
Del Monte while Capt. E. J. Roxbury, No. 2, and Linday Howard, in background, apparently unperturbed,
look on. It's all in the day's work to these hard riders.

I ieut C E Hushes of the Monterey, Cal., Presidio polo team "comes a cropper" during a polo match at
Del Monte while Capt. E. J. Roxbury, No. 2, and Linday Howard, in background, apparently unperturbed,
look on. It's all in the day's work to these hard riders.

I ieut C E Hushes of the Monterey, Cal., Presidio polo team "comes a cropper" during a polo match at
Del Monte while Capt. E. J. Roxbury, No. 2, and Linday Howard, in background, apparently unperturbed,
look on. It's all in the day's work to these hard riders.

I ieut C E Hushes of the Monterey, Cal., Presidio polo team "comes a cropper" during a polo match at
Del Monte while Capt. E. J. Roxbury, No. 2, and Linday Howard, in background, apparently unperturbed,
look on. It's all in the day's work to these hard riders.

I ieut C E Hushes of the Monterey, Cal., Presidio polo team "comes a cropper" during a polo match at
Del Monte while Capt. E. J. Roxbury, No. 2, and Linday Howard, in background, apparently unperturbed,
look on. It's all in the day's work to these hard riders.

I ieut C E Hushes of the Monterey, Cal., Presidio polo team "comes a cropper" during a polo match at
Del Monte while Capt. E. J. Roxbury, No. 2, and Linday Howard, in background, apparently unperturbed,
look on. It's all in the day's work to these hard riders.

I ieut C E Hushes of the Monterey, Cal., Presidio polo team "comes a cropper" during a polo match at
Del Monte while Capt. E. J. Roxbury, No. 2, and Linday Howard, in background, apparently unperturbed,
look on. It's all in the day's work to these hard riders.

I ieut C E Hushes of the Monterey, Cal., Presidio polo team "comes a cropper" during a polo match at
Del Monte while Capt. E. J. Roxbury, No. 2, and Linday Howard, in background, apparently unperturbed,
look on. It's all in the day's work to these hard riders.

I ieut C E Hushes of the Monterey, Cal., Presidio polo team "comes a cropper" during a polo match at
Del Monte while Capt. E. J. Roxbury, No. 2, and Linday Howard, in background, apparently unperturbed,
look on. It's all in the day's work to these hard riders.

I ieut C E Hushes of the Monterey, Cal., Presidio polo team "comes a cropper" during a polo match at
Del Monte while Capt. E. J. Roxbury, No. 2, and Linday Howard, in background, apparently unperturbed,
look on. It's all in the day's work to these hard riders.

I ieut C E Hushes of the Monterey, Cal., Presidio polo team "comes a cropper" during a polo match at
Del Monte while Capt. E. J. Roxbury, No. 2, and Linday Howard, in background, apparently unperturbed,
look on. It's all in the day's work to these hard riders.

I ieut C E Hushes of the Monterey, Cal., Presidio polo team "comes a cropper" during a polo match at
Del Monte while Capt. E. J. Roxbury, No. 2, and Linday Howard, in background, apparently unperturbed,
look on. It's all in the day's work to these hard riders.
