# NEWS DIGEST from The United Press
## Will He Last? 
### 
Following rude ending of (he He
via-as-president interlude, Carlos
Mendieta, (52-year-old, well-beloved
politician, accepted the chief exec
utive job yesterday amid national
rejoicing.
While old-line politicians, dor
mant under the Grau regime were
promulgating the Menieta move, all
lights in the capital went out. Em
ployees of the U.S.-owned power
company had gone on strike, join
ing government and municipal em
ployees, out since Wednesday. It
was considered a challenge to Ba
tista, army shot and power-behind-
Cuban-mess. He sent out the engi
neering corps.
CafTery, F.R.'s personal represen
tative, remains in background, aim
ing to show U.S. is just a friend,
not a menace. Batista is contact
man to CafTery. Former believes
U.S. recognition vital to Cuba. Men
dieta is supposed to be the man to
put country's industry on feet, win
coveted handshake.
Following rude ending of (he He
via-as-president interlude, Carlos
Mendieta, (52-year-old, well-beloved
politician, accepted the chief exec
utive job yesterday amid national
rejoicing.
While old-line politicians, dor
mant under the Grau regime were
promulgating the Menieta move, all
lights in the capital went out. Em
ployees of the U.S.-owned power
company had gone on strike, join
ing government and municipal em
ployees, out since Wednesday. It
was considered a challenge to Ba
tista, army shot and power-behind-
Cuban-mess. He sent out the engi
neering corps.
CafTery, F.R.'s personal represen
tative, remains in background, aim
ing to show U.S. is just a friend,
not a menace. Batista is contact
man to CafTery. Former believes
U.S. recognition vital to Cuba. Men
dieta is supposed to be the man to
put country's industry on feet, win
coveted handshake.
Following rude ending of (he He
via-as-president interlude, Carlos
Mendieta, (52-year-old, well-beloved
politician, accepted the chief exec
utive job yesterday amid national
rejoicing.
While old-line politicians, dor
mant under the Grau regime were
promulgating the Menieta move, all
lights in the capital went out. Em
ployees of the U.S.-owned power
company had gone on strike, join
ing government and municipal em
ployees, out since Wednesday. It
was considered a challenge to Ba
tista, army shot and power-behind-
Cuban-mess. He sent out the engi
neering corps.
CafTery, F.R.'s personal represen
tative, remains in background, aim
ing to show U.S. is just a friend,
not a menace. Batista is contact
man to CafTery. Former believes
U.S. recognition vital to Cuba. Men
dieta is supposed to be the man to
put country's industry on feet, win
coveted handshake.
Following rude ending of (he He
via-as-president interlude, Carlos
Mendieta, (52-year-old, well-beloved
politician, accepted the chief exec
utive job yesterday amid national
rejoicing.
While old-line politicians, dor
mant under the Grau regime were
promulgating the Menieta move, all
lights in the capital went out. Em
ployees of the U.S.-owned power
company had gone on strike, join
ing government and municipal em
ployees, out since Wednesday. It
was considered a challenge to Ba
tista, army shot and power-behind-
Cuban-mess. He sent out the engi
neering corps.
CafTery, F.R.'s personal represen
tative, remains in background, aim
ing to show U.S. is just a friend,
not a menace. Batista is contact
man to CafTery. Former believes
U.S. recognition vital to Cuba. Men
dieta is supposed to be the man to
put country's industry on feet, win
coveted handshake.
Following rude ending of (he He
via-as-president interlude, Carlos
Mendieta, (52-year-old, well-beloved
politician, accepted the chief exec
utive job yesterday amid national
rejoicing.
While old-line politicians, dor
mant under the Grau regime were
promulgating the Menieta move, all
lights in the capital went out. Em
ployees of the U.S.-owned power
company had gone on strike, join
ing government and municipal em
ployees, out since Wednesday. It
was considered a challenge to Ba
tista, army shot and power-behind-
Cuban-mess. He sent out the engi
neering corps.
CafTery, F.R.'s personal represen
tative, remains in background, aim
ing to show U.S. is just a friend,
not a menace. Batista is contact
man to CafTery. Former believes
U.S. recognition vital to Cuba. Men
dieta is supposed to be the man to
put country's industry on feet, win
coveted handshake.
Following rude ending of (he He
via-as-president interlude, Carlos
Mendieta, (52-year-old, well-beloved
politician, accepted the chief exec
utive job yesterday amid national
rejoicing.
While old-line politicians, dor
mant under the Grau regime were
promulgating the Menieta move, all
lights in the capital went out. Em
ployees of the U.S.-owned power
company had gone on strike, join
ing government and municipal em
ployees, out since Wednesday. It
was considered a challenge to Ba
tista, army shot and power-behind-
Cuban-mess. He sent out the engi
neering corps.
CafTery, F.R.'s personal represen
tative, remains in background, aim
ing to show U.S. is just a friend,
not a menace. Batista is contact
man to CafTery. Former believes
U.S. recognition vital to Cuba. Men
dieta is supposed to be the man to
put country's industry on feet, win
coveted handshake.
Following rude ending of (he He
via-as-president interlude, Carlos
Mendieta, (52-year-old, well-beloved
politician, accepted the chief exec
utive job yesterday amid national
rejoicing.
While old-line politicians, dor
mant under the Grau regime were
promulgating the Menieta move, all
lights in the capital went out. Em
ployees of the U.S.-owned power
company had gone on strike, join
ing government and municipal em
ployees, out since Wednesday. It
was considered a challenge to Ba
tista, army shot and power-behind-
Cuban-mess. He sent out the engi
neering corps.
CafTery, F.R.'s personal represen
tative, remains in background, aim
ing to show U.S. is just a friend,
not a menace. Batista is contact
man to CafTery. Former believes
U.S. recognition vital to Cuba. Men
dieta is supposed to be the man to
put country's industry on feet, win
coveted handshake.
Following rude ending of (he He
via-as-president interlude, Carlos
Mendieta, (52-year-old, well-beloved
politician, accepted the chief exec
utive job yesterday amid national
rejoicing.
While old-line politicians, dor
mant under the Grau regime were
promulgating the Menieta move, all
lights in the capital went out. Em
ployees of the U.S.-owned power
company had gone on strike, join
ing government and municipal em
ployees, out since Wednesday. It
was considered a challenge to Ba
tista, army shot and power-behind-
Cuban-mess. He sent out the engi
neering corps.
CafTery, F.R.'s personal represen
tative, remains in background, aim
ing to show U.S. is just a friend,
not a menace. Batista is contact
man to CafTery. Former believes
U.S. recognition vital to Cuba. Men
dieta is supposed to be the man to
put country's industry on feet, win
coveted handshake.
Following rude ending of (he He
via-as-president interlude, Carlos
Mendieta, (52-year-old, well-beloved
politician, accepted the chief exec
utive job yesterday amid national
rejoicing.
While old-line politicians, dor
mant under the Grau regime were
promulgating the Menieta move, all
lights in the capital went out. Em
ployees of the U.S.-owned power
company had gone on strike, join
ing government and municipal em
ployees, out since Wednesday. It
was considered a challenge to Ba
tista, army shot and power-behind-
Cuban-mess. He sent out the engi
neering corps.
CafTery, F.R.'s personal represen
tative, remains in background, aim
ing to show U.S. is just a friend,
not a menace. Batista is contact
man to CafTery. Former believes
U.S. recognition vital to Cuba. Men
dieta is supposed to be the man to
put country's industry on feet, win
coveted handshake.
Following rude ending of (he He
via-as-president interlude, Carlos
Mendieta, (52-year-old, well-beloved
politician, accepted the chief exec
utive job yesterday amid national
rejoicing.
While old-line politicians, dor
mant under the Grau regime were
promulgating the Menieta move, all
lights in the capital went out. Em
ployees of the U.S.-owned power
company had gone on strike, join
ing government and municipal em
ployees, out since Wednesday. It
was considered a challenge to Ba
tista, army shot and power-behind-
Cuban-mess. He sent out the engi
neering corps.
CafTery, F.R.'s personal represen
tative, remains in background, aim
ing to show U.S. is just a friend,
not a menace. Batista is contact
man to CafTery. Former believes
U.S. recognition vital to Cuba. Men
dieta is supposed to be the man to
put country's industry on feet, win
coveted handshake.
Following rude ending of (he He
via-as-president interlude, Carlos
Mendieta, (52-year-old, well-beloved
politician, accepted the chief exec
utive job yesterday amid national
rejoicing.
While old-line politicians, dor
mant under the Grau regime were
promulgating the Menieta move, all
lights in the capital went out. Em
ployees of the U.S.-owned power
company had gone on strike, join
ing government and municipal em
ployees, out since Wednesday. It
was considered a challenge to Ba
tista, army shot and power-behind-
Cuban-mess. He sent out the engi
neering corps.
CafTery, F.R.'s personal represen
tative, remains in background, aim
ing to show U.S. is just a friend,
not a menace. Batista is contact
man to CafTery. Former believes
U.S. recognition vital to Cuba. Men
dieta is supposed to be the man to
put country's industry on feet, win
coveted handshake.
Following rude ending of (he He
via-as-president interlude, Carlos
Mendieta, (52-year-old, well-beloved
politician, accepted the chief exec
utive job yesterday amid national
rejoicing.
While old-line politicians, dor
mant under the Grau regime were
promulgating the Menieta move, all
lights in the capital went out. Em
ployees of the U.S.-owned power
company had gone on strike, join
ing government and municipal em
ployees, out since Wednesday. It
was considered a challenge to Ba
tista, army shot and power-behind-
Cuban-mess. He sent out the engi
neering corps.
CafTery, F.R.'s personal represen
tative, remains in background, aim
ing to show U.S. is just a friend,
not a menace. Batista is contact
man to CafTery. Former believes
U.S. recognition vital to Cuba. Men
dieta is supposed to be the man to
put country's industry on feet, win
coveted handshake.
Following rude ending of (he He
via-as-president interlude, Carlos
Mendieta, (52-year-old, well-beloved
politician, accepted the chief exec
utive job yesterday amid national
rejoicing.
While old-line politicians, dor
mant under the Grau regime were
promulgating the Menieta move, all
lights in the capital went out. Em
ployees of the U.S.-owned power
company had gone on strike, join
ing government and municipal em
ployees, out since Wednesday. It
was considered a challenge to Ba
tista, army shot and power-behind-
Cuban-mess. He sent out the engi
neering corps.
CafTery, F.R.'s personal represen
tative, remains in background, aim
ing to show U.S. is just a friend,
not a menace. Batista is contact
man to CafTery. Former believes
U.S. recognition vital to Cuba. Men
dieta is supposed to be the man to
put country's industry on feet, win
coveted handshake.
Following rude ending of (he He
via-as-president interlude, Carlos
Mendieta, (52-year-old, well-beloved
politician, accepted the chief exec
utive job yesterday amid national
rejoicing.
While old-line politicians, dor
mant under the Grau regime were
promulgating the Menieta move, all
lights in the capital went out. Em
ployees of the U.S.-owned power
company had gone on strike, join
ing government and municipal em
ployees, out since Wednesday. It
was considered a challenge to Ba
tista, army shot and power-behind-
Cuban-mess. He sent out the engi
neering corps.
CafTery, F.R.'s personal represen
tative, remains in background, aim
ing to show U.S. is just a friend,
not a menace. Batista is contact
man to CafTery. Former believes
U.S. recognition vital to Cuba. Men
dieta is supposed to be the man to
put country's industry on feet, win
coveted handshake.
Following rude ending of (he He
via-as-president interlude, Carlos
Mendieta, (52-year-old, well-beloved
politician, accepted the chief exec
utive job yesterday amid national
rejoicing.
While old-line politicians, dor
mant under the Grau regime were
promulgating the Menieta move, all
lights in the capital went out. Em
ployees of the U.S.-owned power
company had gone on strike, join
ing government and municipal em
ployees, out since Wednesday. It
was considered a challenge to Ba
tista, army shot and power-behind-
Cuban-mess. He sent out the engi
neering corps.
CafTery, F.R.'s personal represen
tative, remains in background, aim
ing to show U.S. is just a friend,
not a menace. Batista is contact
man to CafTery. Former believes
U.S. recognition vital to Cuba. Men
dieta is supposed to be the man to
put country's industry on feet, win
coveted handshake.
