# New Manager
## 
### 

Jimmy Wilson, star catcher,
who has been signed up, under
a two-year contract, as player
manager of the Philadelphia
Phillies baseball team, suc
ceeding Burt Shotton. Wilson
was obtained from the St.
Louis Cardinals.

Jimmy Wilson, star catcher,
who has been signed up, under
a two-year contract, as player
manager of the Philadelphia
Phillies baseball team, suc
ceeding Burt Shotton. Wilson
was obtained from the St.
Louis Cardinals.

Jimmy Wilson, star catcher,
who has been signed up, under
a two-year contract, as player
manager of the Philadelphia
Phillies baseball team, suc
ceeding Burt Shotton. Wilson
was obtained from the St.
Louis Cardinals.

Jimmy Wilson, star catcher,
who has been signed up, under
a two-year contract, as player
manager of the Philadelphia
Phillies baseball team, suc
ceeding Burt Shotton. Wilson
was obtained from the St.
Louis Cardinals.

Jimmy Wilson, star catcher,
who has been signed up, under
a two-year contract, as player
manager of the Philadelphia
Phillies baseball team, suc
ceeding Burt Shotton. Wilson
was obtained from the St.
Louis Cardinals.

Jimmy Wilson, star catcher,
who has been signed up, under
a two-year contract, as player
manager of the Philadelphia
Phillies baseball team, suc
ceeding Burt Shotton. Wilson
was obtained from the St.
Louis Cardinals.

Jimmy Wilson, star catcher,
who has been signed up, under
a two-year contract, as player
manager of the Philadelphia
Phillies baseball team, suc
ceeding Burt Shotton. Wilson
was obtained from the St.
Louis Cardinals.

Jimmy Wilson, star catcher,
who has been signed up, under
a two-year contract, as player
manager of the Philadelphia
Phillies baseball team, suc
ceeding Burt Shotton. Wilson
was obtained from the St.
Louis Cardinals.

Jimmy Wilson, star catcher,
who has been signed up, under
a two-year contract, as player
manager of the Philadelphia
Phillies baseball team, suc
ceeding Burt Shotton. Wilson
was obtained from the St.
Louis Cardinals.

Jimmy Wilson, star catcher,
who has been signed up, under
a two-year contract, as player
manager of the Philadelphia
Phillies baseball team, suc
ceeding Burt Shotton. Wilson
was obtained from the St.
Louis Cardinals.

Jimmy Wilson, star catcher,
who has been signed up, under
a two-year contract, as player
manager of the Philadelphia
Phillies baseball team, suc
ceeding Burt Shotton. Wilson
was obtained from the St.
Louis Cardinals.

Jimmy Wilson, star catcher,
who has been signed up, under
a two-year contract, as player
manager of the Philadelphia
Phillies baseball team, suc
ceeding Burt Shotton. Wilson
was obtained from the St.
Louis Cardinals.

Jimmy Wilson, star catcher,
who has been signed up, under
a two-year contract, as player
manager of the Philadelphia
Phillies baseball team, suc
ceeding Burt Shotton. Wilson
was obtained from the St.
Louis Cardinals.

Jimmy Wilson, star catcher,
who has been signed up, under
a two-year contract, as player
manager of the Philadelphia
Phillies baseball team, suc
ceeding Burt Shotton. Wilson
was obtained from the St.
Louis Cardinals.

Jimmy Wilson, star catcher,
who has been signed up, under
a two-year contract, as player
manager of the Philadelphia
Phillies baseball team, suc
ceeding Burt Shotton. Wilson
was obtained from the St.
Louis Cardinals.
