# Two Women's Basketball Classes Play at Night
## 
### 
For- the first time at Stanford,
basketball classes for women are
being held at night. Because of the
large turn out for basketball two
classes have been formed, one fresh
man and one junior-senior class
each having one meeting at night.
They are popular and work out
very well, giving some women a
chance to attend who are otherwise
hindered from doing so by afternoon
classes.
For- the first time at Stanford,
basketball classes for women are
being held at night. Because of the
large turn out for basketball two
classes have been formed, one fresh
man and one junior-senior class
each having one meeting at night.
They are popular and work out
very well, giving some women a
chance to attend who are otherwise
hindered from doing so by afternoon
classes.
For- the first time at Stanford,
basketball classes for women are
being held at night. Because of the
large turn out for basketball two
classes have been formed, one fresh
man and one junior-senior class
each having one meeting at night.
They are popular and work out
very well, giving some women a
chance to attend who are otherwise
hindered from doing so by afternoon
classes.
For- the first time at Stanford,
basketball classes for women are
being held at night. Because of the
large turn out for basketball two
classes have been formed, one fresh
man and one junior-senior class
each having one meeting at night.
They are popular and work out
very well, giving some women a
chance to attend who are otherwise
hindered from doing so by afternoon
classes.
For- the first time at Stanford,
basketball classes for women are
being held at night. Because of the
large turn out for basketball two
classes have been formed, one fresh
man and one junior-senior class
each having one meeting at night.
They are popular and work out
very well, giving some women a
chance to attend who are otherwise
hindered from doing so by afternoon
classes.
For- the first time at Stanford,
basketball classes for women are
being held at night. Because of the
large turn out for basketball two
classes have been formed, one fresh
man and one junior-senior class
each having one meeting at night.
They are popular and work out
very well, giving some women a
chance to attend who are otherwise
hindered from doing so by afternoon
classes.
For- the first time at Stanford,
basketball classes for women are
being held at night. Because of the
large turn out for basketball two
classes have been formed, one fresh
man and one junior-senior class
each having one meeting at night.
They are popular and work out
very well, giving some women a
chance to attend who are otherwise
hindered from doing so by afternoon
classes.
For- the first time at Stanford,
basketball classes for women are
being held at night. Because of the
large turn out for basketball two
classes have been formed, one fresh
man and one junior-senior class
each having one meeting at night.
They are popular and work out
very well, giving some women a
chance to attend who are otherwise
hindered from doing so by afternoon
classes.
For- the first time at Stanford,
basketball classes for women are
being held at night. Because of the
large turn out for basketball two
classes have been formed, one fresh
man and one junior-senior class
each having one meeting at night.
They are popular and work out
very well, giving some women a
chance to attend who are otherwise
hindered from doing so by afternoon
classes.
For- the first time at Stanford,
basketball classes for women are
being held at night. Because of the
large turn out for basketball two
classes have been formed, one fresh
man and one junior-senior class
each having one meeting at night.
They are popular and work out
very well, giving some women a
chance to attend who are otherwise
hindered from doing so by afternoon
classes.
For- the first time at Stanford,
basketball classes for women are
being held at night. Because of the
large turn out for basketball two
classes have been formed, one fresh
man and one junior-senior class
each having one meeting at night.
They are popular and work out
very well, giving some women a
chance to attend who are otherwise
hindered from doing so by afternoon
classes.
For- the first time at Stanford,
basketball classes for women are
being held at night. Because of the
large turn out for basketball two
classes have been formed, one fresh
man and one junior-senior class
each having one meeting at night.
They are popular and work out
very well, giving some women a
chance to attend who are otherwise
hindered from doing so by afternoon
classes.
For- the first time at Stanford,
basketball classes for women are
being held at night. Because of the
large turn out for basketball two
classes have been formed, one fresh
man and one junior-senior class
each having one meeting at night.
They are popular and work out
very well, giving some women a
chance to attend who are otherwise
hindered from doing so by afternoon
classes.
For- the first time at Stanford,
basketball classes for women are
being held at night. Because of the
large turn out for basketball two
classes have been formed, one fresh
man and one junior-senior class
each having one meeting at night.
They are popular and work out
very well, giving some women a
chance to attend who are otherwise
hindered from doing so by afternoon
classes.
For- the first time at Stanford,
basketball classes for women are
being held at night. Because of the
large turn out for basketball two
classes have been formed, one fresh
man and one junior-senior class
each having one meeting at night.
They are popular and work out
very well, giving some women a
chance to attend who are otherwise
hindered from doing so by afternoon
classes.
