# Typist needed
## 
### 
Person needed to type up "Once Around
the Quad." Can name own hours (within
reason). Call Viae or Ann at the Daily
Offices, 497-4632.
Person needed to type up "Once Around
the Quad." Can name own hours (within
reason). Call Viae or Ann at the Daily
Offices, 497-4632.
Person needed to type up "Once Around
the Quad." Can name own hours (within
reason). Call Viae or Ann at the Daily
Offices, 497-4632.
Person needed to type up "Once Around
the Quad." Can name own hours (within
reason). Call Viae or Ann at the Daily
Offices, 497-4632.
Person needed to type up "Once Around
the Quad." Can name own hours (within
reason). Call Viae or Ann at the Daily
Offices, 497-4632.
Person needed to type up "Once Around
the Quad." Can name own hours (within
reason). Call Viae or Ann at the Daily
Offices, 497-4632.
Person needed to type up "Once Around
the Quad." Can name own hours (within
reason). Call Viae or Ann at the Daily
Offices, 497-4632.
Person needed to type up "Once Around
the Quad." Can name own hours (within
reason). Call Viae or Ann at the Daily
Offices, 497-4632.
Person needed to type up "Once Around
the Quad." Can name own hours (within
reason). Call Viae or Ann at the Daily
Offices, 497-4632.
Person needed to type up "Once Around
the Quad." Can name own hours (within
reason). Call Viae or Ann at the Daily
Offices, 497-4632.
Person needed to type up "Once Around
the Quad." Can name own hours (within
reason). Call Viae or Ann at the Daily
Offices, 497-4632.
Person needed to type up "Once Around
the Quad." Can name own hours (within
reason). Call Viae or Ann at the Daily
Offices, 497-4632.
Person needed to type up "Once Around
the Quad." Can name own hours (within
reason). Call Viae or Ann at the Daily
Offices, 497-4632.
Person needed to type up "Once Around
the Quad." Can name own hours (within
reason). Call Viae or Ann at the Daily
Offices, 497-4632.
Person needed to type up "Once Around
the Quad." Can name own hours (within
reason). Call Viae or Ann at the Daily
Offices, 497-4632.
