# Briefly...
## 
### 
93rd transplant
A 52-year-old man from St. Louis,
Mo., became Stanford Hospital's 93rd
heart recipient last week. Dr. Norman
Shumway performed the transplant.
Memorial services
Memorial services were held over
the weekend for two Stanford as
sociated women.
Elizabeth R. Bates died Tuesday at
the age of 61 after a long cancer illness.
Bates was head librarian of the En
gineering Library.
Mrs. Merill Bennett, widow of the
former director of the Stanford Food
Research Institute, died Sept. 25.
CORRECTION
It was incorrectly reported in
Thursday's Daily that Plant Services

Steamfitter Leader Keith Stothers
claimed United Stanford Employees
(USE) President Jim Berk had
threatened to give bad reports to Uni
versity management on workers who
vigorously oppose union policy.
Stothers said Berk had threatened to
complain about workers who did not
pay their dues.
93rd transplant
A 52-year-old man from St. Louis,
Mo., became Stanford Hospital's 93rd
heart recipient last week. Dr. Norman
Shumway performed the transplant.
Memorial services
Memorial services were held over
the weekend for two Stanford as
sociated women.
Elizabeth R. Bates died Tuesday at
the age of 61 after a long cancer illness.
Bates was head librarian of the En
gineering Library.
Mrs. Merill Bennett, widow of the
former director of the Stanford Food
Research Institute, died Sept. 25.
CORRECTION
It was incorrectly reported in
Thursday's Daily that Plant Services

Steamfitter Leader Keith Stothers
claimed United Stanford Employees
(USE) President Jim Berk had
threatened to give bad reports to Uni
versity management on workers who
vigorously oppose union policy.
Stothers said Berk had threatened to
complain about workers who did not
pay their dues.
93rd transplant
A 52-year-old man from St. Louis,
Mo., became Stanford Hospital's 93rd
heart recipient last week. Dr. Norman
Shumway performed the transplant.
Memorial services
Memorial services were held over
the weekend for two Stanford as
sociated women.
Elizabeth R. Bates died Tuesday at
the age of 61 after a long cancer illness.
Bates was head librarian of the En
gineering Library.
Mrs. Merill Bennett, widow of the
former director of the Stanford Food
Research Institute, died Sept. 25.
CORRECTION
It was incorrectly reported in
Thursday's Daily that Plant Services

Steamfitter Leader Keith Stothers
claimed United Stanford Employees
(USE) President Jim Berk had
threatened to give bad reports to Uni
versity management on workers who
vigorously oppose union policy.
Stothers said Berk had threatened to
complain about workers who did not
pay their dues.
93rd transplant
A 52-year-old man from St. Louis,
Mo., became Stanford Hospital's 93rd
heart recipient last week. Dr. Norman
Shumway performed the transplant.
Memorial services
Memorial services were held over
the weekend for two Stanford as
sociated women.
Elizabeth R. Bates died Tuesday at
the age of 61 after a long cancer illness.
Bates was head librarian of the En
gineering Library.
Mrs. Merill Bennett, widow of the
former director of the Stanford Food
Research Institute, died Sept. 25.
CORRECTION
It was incorrectly reported in
Thursday's Daily that Plant Services

Steamfitter Leader Keith Stothers
claimed United Stanford Employees
(USE) President Jim Berk had
threatened to give bad reports to Uni
versity management on workers who
vigorously oppose union policy.
Stothers said Berk had threatened to
complain about workers who did not
pay their dues.
93rd transplant
A 52-year-old man from St. Louis,
Mo., became Stanford Hospital's 93rd
heart recipient last week. Dr. Norman
Shumway performed the transplant.
Memorial services
Memorial services were held over
the weekend for two Stanford as
sociated women.
Elizabeth R. Bates died Tuesday at
the age of 61 after a long cancer illness.
Bates was head librarian of the En
gineering Library.
Mrs. Merill Bennett, widow of the
former director of the Stanford Food
Research Institute, died Sept. 25.
CORRECTION
It was incorrectly reported in
Thursday's Daily that Plant Services

Steamfitter Leader Keith Stothers
claimed United Stanford Employees
(USE) President Jim Berk had
threatened to give bad reports to Uni
versity management on workers who
vigorously oppose union policy.
Stothers said Berk had threatened to
complain about workers who did not
pay their dues.
93rd transplant
A 52-year-old man from St. Louis,
Mo., became Stanford Hospital's 93rd
heart recipient last week. Dr. Norman
Shumway performed the transplant.
Memorial services
Memorial services were held over
the weekend for two Stanford as
sociated women.
Elizabeth R. Bates died Tuesday at
the age of 61 after a long cancer illness.
Bates was head librarian of the En
gineering Library.
Mrs. Merill Bennett, widow of the
former director of the Stanford Food
Research Institute, died Sept. 25.
CORRECTION
It was incorrectly reported in
Thursday's Daily that Plant Services

Steamfitter Leader Keith Stothers
claimed United Stanford Employees
(USE) President Jim Berk had
threatened to give bad reports to Uni
versity management on workers who
vigorously oppose union policy.
Stothers said Berk had threatened to
complain about workers who did not
pay their dues.
93rd transplant
A 52-year-old man from St. Louis,
Mo., became Stanford Hospital's 93rd
heart recipient last week. Dr. Norman
Shumway performed the transplant.
Memorial services
Memorial services were held over
the weekend for two Stanford as
sociated women.
Elizabeth R. Bates died Tuesday at
the age of 61 after a long cancer illness.
Bates was head librarian of the En
gineering Library.
Mrs. Merill Bennett, widow of the
former director of the Stanford Food
Research Institute, died Sept. 25.
CORRECTION
It was incorrectly reported in
Thursday's Daily that Plant Services

Steamfitter Leader Keith Stothers
claimed United Stanford Employees
(USE) President Jim Berk had
threatened to give bad reports to Uni
versity management on workers who
vigorously oppose union policy.
Stothers said Berk had threatened to
complain about workers who did not
pay their dues.
93rd transplant
A 52-year-old man from St. Louis,
Mo., became Stanford Hospital's 93rd
heart recipient last week. Dr. Norman
Shumway performed the transplant.
Memorial services
Memorial services were held over
the weekend for two Stanford as
sociated women.
Elizabeth R. Bates died Tuesday at
the age of 61 after a long cancer illness.
Bates was head librarian of the En
gineering Library.
Mrs. Merill Bennett, widow of the
former director of the Stanford Food
Research Institute, died Sept. 25.
CORRECTION
It was incorrectly reported in
Thursday's Daily that Plant Services

Steamfitter Leader Keith Stothers
claimed United Stanford Employees
(USE) President Jim Berk had
threatened to give bad reports to Uni
versity management on workers who
vigorously oppose union policy.
Stothers said Berk had threatened to
complain about workers who did not
pay their dues.
93rd transplant
A 52-year-old man from St. Louis,
Mo., became Stanford Hospital's 93rd
heart recipient last week. Dr. Norman
Shumway performed the transplant.
Memorial services
Memorial services were held over
the weekend for two Stanford as
sociated women.
Elizabeth R. Bates died Tuesday at
the age of 61 after a long cancer illness.
Bates was head librarian of the En
gineering Library.
Mrs. Merill Bennett, widow of the
former director of the Stanford Food
Research Institute, died Sept. 25.
CORRECTION
It was incorrectly reported in
Thursday's Daily that Plant Services

Steamfitter Leader Keith Stothers
claimed United Stanford Employees
(USE) President Jim Berk had
threatened to give bad reports to Uni
versity management on workers who
vigorously oppose union policy.
Stothers said Berk had threatened to
complain about workers who did not
pay their dues.
93rd transplant
A 52-year-old man from St. Louis,
Mo., became Stanford Hospital's 93rd
heart recipient last week. Dr. Norman
Shumway performed the transplant.
Memorial services
Memorial services were held over
the weekend for two Stanford as
sociated women.
Elizabeth R. Bates died Tuesday at
the age of 61 after a long cancer illness.
Bates was head librarian of the En
gineering Library.
Mrs. Merill Bennett, widow of the
former director of the Stanford Food
Research Institute, died Sept. 25.
CORRECTION
It was incorrectly reported in
Thursday's Daily that Plant Services

Steamfitter Leader Keith Stothers
claimed United Stanford Employees
(USE) President Jim Berk had
threatened to give bad reports to Uni
versity management on workers who
vigorously oppose union policy.
Stothers said Berk had threatened to
complain about workers who did not
pay their dues.
93rd transplant
A 52-year-old man from St. Louis,
Mo., became Stanford Hospital's 93rd
heart recipient last week. Dr. Norman
Shumway performed the transplant.
Memorial services
Memorial services were held over
the weekend for two Stanford as
sociated women.
Elizabeth R. Bates died Tuesday at
the age of 61 after a long cancer illness.
Bates was head librarian of the En
gineering Library.
Mrs. Merill Bennett, widow of the
former director of the Stanford Food
Research Institute, died Sept. 25.
CORRECTION
It was incorrectly reported in
Thursday's Daily that Plant Services

Steamfitter Leader Keith Stothers
claimed United Stanford Employees
(USE) President Jim Berk had
threatened to give bad reports to Uni
versity management on workers who
vigorously oppose union policy.
Stothers said Berk had threatened to
complain about workers who did not
pay their dues.
93rd transplant
A 52-year-old man from St. Louis,
Mo., became Stanford Hospital's 93rd
heart recipient last week. Dr. Norman
Shumway performed the transplant.
Memorial services
Memorial services were held over
the weekend for two Stanford as
sociated women.
Elizabeth R. Bates died Tuesday at
the age of 61 after a long cancer illness.
Bates was head librarian of the En
gineering Library.
Mrs. Merill Bennett, widow of the
former director of the Stanford Food
Research Institute, died Sept. 25.
CORRECTION
It was incorrectly reported in
Thursday's Daily that Plant Services

Steamfitter Leader Keith Stothers
claimed United Stanford Employees
(USE) President Jim Berk had
threatened to give bad reports to Uni
versity management on workers who
vigorously oppose union policy.
Stothers said Berk had threatened to
complain about workers who did not
pay their dues.
93rd transplant
A 52-year-old man from St. Louis,
Mo., became Stanford Hospital's 93rd
heart recipient last week. Dr. Norman
Shumway performed the transplant.
Memorial services
Memorial services were held over
the weekend for two Stanford as
sociated women.
Elizabeth R. Bates died Tuesday at
the age of 61 after a long cancer illness.
Bates was head librarian of the En
gineering Library.
Mrs. Merill Bennett, widow of the
former director of the Stanford Food
Research Institute, died Sept. 25.
CORRECTION
It was incorrectly reported in
Thursday's Daily that Plant Services

Steamfitter Leader Keith Stothers
claimed United Stanford Employees
(USE) President Jim Berk had
threatened to give bad reports to Uni
versity management on workers who
vigorously oppose union policy.
Stothers said Berk had threatened to
complain about workers who did not
pay their dues.
93rd transplant
A 52-year-old man from St. Louis,
Mo., became Stanford Hospital's 93rd
heart recipient last week. Dr. Norman
Shumway performed the transplant.
Memorial services
Memorial services were held over
the weekend for two Stanford as
sociated women.
Elizabeth R. Bates died Tuesday at
the age of 61 after a long cancer illness.
Bates was head librarian of the En
gineering Library.
Mrs. Merill Bennett, widow of the
former director of the Stanford Food
Research Institute, died Sept. 25.
CORRECTION
It was incorrectly reported in
Thursday's Daily that Plant Services

Steamfitter Leader Keith Stothers
claimed United Stanford Employees
(USE) President Jim Berk had
threatened to give bad reports to Uni
versity management on workers who
vigorously oppose union policy.
Stothers said Berk had threatened to
complain about workers who did not
pay their dues.
93rd transplant
A 52-year-old man from St. Louis,
Mo., became Stanford Hospital's 93rd
heart recipient last week. Dr. Norman
Shumway performed the transplant.
Memorial services
Memorial services were held over
the weekend for two Stanford as
sociated women.
Elizabeth R. Bates died Tuesday at
the age of 61 after a long cancer illness.
Bates was head librarian of the En
gineering Library.
Mrs. Merill Bennett, widow of the
former director of the Stanford Food
Research Institute, died Sept. 25.
CORRECTION
It was incorrectly reported in
Thursday's Daily that Plant Services

Steamfitter Leader Keith Stothers
claimed United Stanford Employees
(USE) President Jim Berk had
threatened to give bad reports to Uni
versity management on workers who
vigorously oppose union policy.
Stothers said Berk had threatened to
complain about workers who did not
pay their dues.
