# FRENCH NET TRIO TO MEET PICKED AMERICAN SQUAD
## 
### 
JV'F.W YORK, Feb. 2. Tile
French tennis triumvirate of
Jean Borotra, Jacques Brugnon,
and Christian Boussus not only
will compete in the national in
door championships here in
March but will battle a picked
United States squad in an in
ternational team match as well.
The national championships
will be held from March 14 to
21 and the team matches from
March 23 to 25.
That Borotra has lost none of
his effectiveness at the indoor
game was proved yesterday in
Paris when he defeated Jean
Lesueur, 18-year-old young
ster, in four sets to win the
French covered courts title for
the third consecutive year.
