# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 4
Palo Alto 11
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 4
Palo Alto 11
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 4
Palo Alto 11
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 4
Palo Alto 11
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 4
Palo Alto 11
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 4
Palo Alto 11
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 4
Palo Alto 11
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 4
Palo Alto 11
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 4
Palo Alto 11
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 4
Palo Alto 11
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 4
Palo Alto 11
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 4
Palo Alto 11
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 4
Palo Alto 11
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
Thomson's
TAXIS
Phone: 4
Palo Alto 11
Closed Taxis—five and seven
passengers—at all hours at
reasonable rates.
