# Tyler Appointed To Health Council
## 
### 
Dr. Ralph Winfred Tyler, Di
rector of the Center for Advanced
Study in the Behavioral Sciences,
has been appointed to the Na
tional Advisory Mental Health
Council.
The Council makes recommen
dations to the National Institute
of Mental Health.
Dr. Ralph Winfred Tyler, Di
rector of the Center for Advanced
Study in the Behavioral Sciences,
has been appointed to the Na
tional Advisory Mental Health
Council.
The Council makes recommen
dations to the National Institute
of Mental Health.
Dr. Ralph Winfred Tyler, Di
rector of the Center for Advanced
Study in the Behavioral Sciences,
has been appointed to the Na
tional Advisory Mental Health
Council.
The Council makes recommen
dations to the National Institute
of Mental Health.
Dr. Ralph Winfred Tyler, Di
rector of the Center for Advanced
Study in the Behavioral Sciences,
has been appointed to the Na
tional Advisory Mental Health
Council.
The Council makes recommen
dations to the National Institute
of Mental Health.
Dr. Ralph Winfred Tyler, Di
rector of the Center for Advanced
Study in the Behavioral Sciences,
has been appointed to the Na
tional Advisory Mental Health
Council.
The Council makes recommen
dations to the National Institute
of Mental Health.
Dr. Ralph Winfred Tyler, Di
rector of the Center for Advanced
Study in the Behavioral Sciences,
has been appointed to the Na
tional Advisory Mental Health
Council.
The Council makes recommen
dations to the National Institute
of Mental Health.
Dr. Ralph Winfred Tyler, Di
rector of the Center for Advanced
Study in the Behavioral Sciences,
has been appointed to the Na
tional Advisory Mental Health
Council.
The Council makes recommen
dations to the National Institute
of Mental Health.
Dr. Ralph Winfred Tyler, Di
rector of the Center for Advanced
Study in the Behavioral Sciences,
has been appointed to the Na
tional Advisory Mental Health
Council.
The Council makes recommen
dations to the National Institute
of Mental Health.
Dr. Ralph Winfred Tyler, Di
rector of the Center for Advanced
Study in the Behavioral Sciences,
has been appointed to the Na
tional Advisory Mental Health
Council.
The Council makes recommen
dations to the National Institute
of Mental Health.
Dr. Ralph Winfred Tyler, Di
rector of the Center for Advanced
Study in the Behavioral Sciences,
has been appointed to the Na
tional Advisory Mental Health
Council.
The Council makes recommen
dations to the National Institute
of Mental Health.
Dr. Ralph Winfred Tyler, Di
rector of the Center for Advanced
Study in the Behavioral Sciences,
has been appointed to the Na
tional Advisory Mental Health
Council.
The Council makes recommen
dations to the National Institute
of Mental Health.
Dr. Ralph Winfred Tyler, Di
rector of the Center for Advanced
Study in the Behavioral Sciences,
has been appointed to the Na
tional Advisory Mental Health
Council.
The Council makes recommen
dations to the National Institute
of Mental Health.
Dr. Ralph Winfred Tyler, Di
rector of the Center for Advanced
Study in the Behavioral Sciences,
has been appointed to the Na
tional Advisory Mental Health
Council.
The Council makes recommen
dations to the National Institute
of Mental Health.
Dr. Ralph Winfred Tyler, Di
rector of the Center for Advanced
Study in the Behavioral Sciences,
has been appointed to the Na
tional Advisory Mental Health
Council.
The Council makes recommen
dations to the National Institute
of Mental Health.
Dr. Ralph Winfred Tyler, Di
rector of the Center for Advanced
Study in the Behavioral Sciences,
has been appointed to the Na
tional Advisory Mental Health
Council.
The Council makes recommen
dations to the National Institute
of Mental Health.
Dr. Ralph Winfred Tyler, Di
rector of the Center for Advanced
Study in the Behavioral Sciences,
has been appointed to the Na
tional Advisory Mental Health
Council.
The Council makes recommen
dations to the National Institute
of Mental Health.
Dr. Ralph Winfred Tyler, Di
rector of the Center for Advanced
Study in the Behavioral Sciences,
has been appointed to the Na
tional Advisory Mental Health
Council.
The Council makes recommen
dations to the National Institute
of Mental Health.
