# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Left, right-, left—
Keep your foes on the
inside in the new, wool
mixture,
Spring Slack Sox—
Shorties
in six fancy colors
•
50c a pair
e
Roodßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
Left, right-, left—
Keep your foes on the
inside in the new, wool
mixture,
Spring Slack Sox—
Shorties
in six fancy colors
•
50c a pair
e
Roodßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
Left, right-, left—
Keep your foes on the
inside in the new, wool
mixture,
Spring Slack Sox—
Shorties
in six fancy colors
•
50c a pair
e
Roodßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
Left, right-, left—
Keep your foes on the
inside in the new, wool
mixture,
Spring Slack Sox—
Shorties
in six fancy colors
•
50c a pair
e
Roodßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
Left, right-, left—
Keep your foes on the
inside in the new, wool
mixture,
Spring Slack Sox—
Shorties
in six fancy colors
•
50c a pair
e
Roodßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
Left, right-, left—
Keep your foes on the
inside in the new, wool
mixture,
Spring Slack Sox—
Shorties
in six fancy colors
•
50c a pair
e
Roodßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
Left, right-, left—
Keep your foes on the
inside in the new, wool
mixture,
Spring Slack Sox—
Shorties
in six fancy colors
•
50c a pair
e
Roodßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
Left, right-, left—
Keep your foes on the
inside in the new, wool
mixture,
Spring Slack Sox—
Shorties
in six fancy colors
•
50c a pair
e
Roodßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
Left, right-, left—
Keep your foes on the
inside in the new, wool
mixture,
Spring Slack Sox—
Shorties
in six fancy colors
•
50c a pair
e
Roodßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
Left, right-, left—
Keep your foes on the
inside in the new, wool
mixture,
Spring Slack Sox—
Shorties
in six fancy colors
•
50c a pair
e
Roodßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
Left, right-, left—
Keep your foes on the
inside in the new, wool
mixture,
Spring Slack Sox—
Shorties
in six fancy colors
•
50c a pair
e
Roodßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
Left, right-, left—
Keep your foes on the
inside in the new, wool
mixture,
Spring Slack Sox—
Shorties
in six fancy colors
•
50c a pair
e
Roodßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
Left, right-, left—
Keep your foes on the
inside in the new, wool
mixture,
Spring Slack Sox—
Shorties
in six fancy colors
•
50c a pair
e
Roodßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
Left, right-, left—
Keep your foes on the
inside in the new, wool
mixture,
Spring Slack Sox—
Shorties
in six fancy colors
•
50c a pair
e
Roodßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
Left, right-, left—
Keep your foes on the
inside in the new, wool
mixture,
Spring Slack Sox—
Shorties
in six fancy colors
•
50c a pair
e
Roodßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
Left, right-, left—
Keep your foes on the
inside in the new, wool
mixture,
Spring Slack Sox—
Shorties
in six fancy colors
•
50c a pair
e
Roodßroa
ENCINA SHOP
Hours: 1 2-8 P.M.
