# Fear Wilbur Kin In War Zone
## Communist Invasion Endangers Lives of American Families Residing in Shansi Province 
### 
A group of 34 Americans, includ
ing Dr. Leonard Fiske Wilbur, neph
ew of Dr. Ray Lyman Wilbur, were
feared to be in the path of a Com
munist invasion of Shansi Province
China, it was learned through
Peiping missionary sources yester
day.
Teachers, missionaries, and their
familier stationed at Fenchow, 300
miles from Peiping, and another
group at Taiku, 50 miles away, are
endangered by the raiders, it was
said by the American Board of Com
missioners for Foreign Missions.
Dr. Leonard Wilbur is a son of
Curtis D. Wilbur, judge of the Cir
cuit Court of Appeals in San Fran
cisco and former Secretary of the
Navy. He and his wife, Jean Spaul
ding Wilbur, are both Stanford
graduates and Dr. Wilbur is a mem
ber of Phi Beta Kappa and Sigma Xi
honor societies.
He has been a medical missionary
for three years at Taiku Hospital,
the westernmost outpost of the
American Board. No news has been
heard from them since January 29.
