# Our Hasher Sez:
## 
### 
I've heard of the sociology professor who i-ecom
mends th&t parents choose the mates for their children,
but I don't know what he'd think of having the fra
ternities pick them out.
Some of the Phi Delts have instructed one of the
brothers to withdraw his pin from circulation. It
seems that some gal grabbed on to it when he wasn't
looking. That is, when he wasn't looking any too well.

The Dekes have a lock-out system. It seems that
one of the members sallies across the street to the
Theta house, where he pays his respects to one of the
sisters. After 15 minutes of paying of respects, the
Deke sees his house lean out the window and call for
him to come home.
Then there are numerous instances of brothers
regulating the social activities of the boys with low
scholastic averages by taking out their gals. This
happened at one of the house dances over the week
end. But the business got a bit confused, and it was
impossible to determine which brother was regulating
who. By 11 o'clock, the dance began to look like the
Virginia Reel, with just a trace of a North Carolina
Stagger.

These harrassed brothers should not feel too regi
mented, though. It could be worse. Pity the poor
Hasher. The brothers don't have to prevent his going
out with gals. The gals attend to that themselves.
