# Plays To Be Given By French Group
## 
### 
Pi Delta Phi, honorary French
fraternity, will present a one-act
comedy, "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur De Cristal," Wednesday,
August 11, at 8 o'clock in the Little
Theater, Memorial Hall.
The play was written by Henri
Duvernois, who is known mainly for
his short stories, although a number
of his comedies have been presented
with great success on the Paris
stage. "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur Le Cristal" is from the
repertoire of the Grand Guignol, a
Paris theater known for its unique
methods of play production.
The action of the play occurs in
Doctor Alique's insane asylum. Mr.
Soucier, a fashionable landscape
painter, is incarcerated in the asy
lum, and the plot concerns the mys
terious circumstances surrounding
his presence there.
Pi Delta Phi, honorary French
fraternity, will present a one-act
comedy, "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur De Cristal," Wednesday,
August 11, at 8 o'clock in the Little
Theater, Memorial Hall.
The play was written by Henri
Duvernois, who is known mainly for
his short stories, although a number
of his comedies have been presented
with great success on the Paris
stage. "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur Le Cristal" is from the
repertoire of the Grand Guignol, a
Paris theater known for its unique
methods of play production.
The action of the play occurs in
Doctor Alique's insane asylum. Mr.
Soucier, a fashionable landscape
painter, is incarcerated in the asy
lum, and the plot concerns the mys
terious circumstances surrounding
his presence there.
Pi Delta Phi, honorary French
fraternity, will present a one-act
comedy, "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur De Cristal," Wednesday,
August 11, at 8 o'clock in the Little
Theater, Memorial Hall.
The play was written by Henri
Duvernois, who is known mainly for
his short stories, although a number
of his comedies have been presented
with great success on the Paris
stage. "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur Le Cristal" is from the
repertoire of the Grand Guignol, a
Paris theater known for its unique
methods of play production.
The action of the play occurs in
Doctor Alique's insane asylum. Mr.
Soucier, a fashionable landscape
painter, is incarcerated in the asy
lum, and the plot concerns the mys
terious circumstances surrounding
his presence there.
Pi Delta Phi, honorary French
fraternity, will present a one-act
comedy, "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur De Cristal," Wednesday,
August 11, at 8 o'clock in the Little
Theater, Memorial Hall.
The play was written by Henri
Duvernois, who is known mainly for
his short stories, although a number
of his comedies have been presented
with great success on the Paris
stage. "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur Le Cristal" is from the
repertoire of the Grand Guignol, a
Paris theater known for its unique
methods of play production.
The action of the play occurs in
Doctor Alique's insane asylum. Mr.
Soucier, a fashionable landscape
painter, is incarcerated in the asy
lum, and the plot concerns the mys
terious circumstances surrounding
his presence there.
Pi Delta Phi, honorary French
fraternity, will present a one-act
comedy, "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur De Cristal," Wednesday,
August 11, at 8 o'clock in the Little
Theater, Memorial Hall.
The play was written by Henri
Duvernois, who is known mainly for
his short stories, although a number
of his comedies have been presented
with great success on the Paris
stage. "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur Le Cristal" is from the
repertoire of the Grand Guignol, a
Paris theater known for its unique
methods of play production.
The action of the play occurs in
Doctor Alique's insane asylum. Mr.
Soucier, a fashionable landscape
painter, is incarcerated in the asy
lum, and the plot concerns the mys
terious circumstances surrounding
his presence there.
Pi Delta Phi, honorary French
fraternity, will present a one-act
comedy, "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur De Cristal," Wednesday,
August 11, at 8 o'clock in the Little
Theater, Memorial Hall.
The play was written by Henri
Duvernois, who is known mainly for
his short stories, although a number
of his comedies have been presented
with great success on the Paris
stage. "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur Le Cristal" is from the
repertoire of the Grand Guignol, a
Paris theater known for its unique
methods of play production.
The action of the play occurs in
Doctor Alique's insane asylum. Mr.
Soucier, a fashionable landscape
painter, is incarcerated in the asy
lum, and the plot concerns the mys
terious circumstances surrounding
his presence there.
Pi Delta Phi, honorary French
fraternity, will present a one-act
comedy, "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur De Cristal," Wednesday,
August 11, at 8 o'clock in the Little
Theater, Memorial Hall.
The play was written by Henri
Duvernois, who is known mainly for
his short stories, although a number
of his comedies have been presented
with great success on the Paris
stage. "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur Le Cristal" is from the
repertoire of the Grand Guignol, a
Paris theater known for its unique
methods of play production.
The action of the play occurs in
Doctor Alique's insane asylum. Mr.
Soucier, a fashionable landscape
painter, is incarcerated in the asy
lum, and the plot concerns the mys
terious circumstances surrounding
his presence there.
Pi Delta Phi, honorary French
fraternity, will present a one-act
comedy, "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur De Cristal," Wednesday,
August 11, at 8 o'clock in the Little
Theater, Memorial Hall.
The play was written by Henri
Duvernois, who is known mainly for
his short stories, although a number
of his comedies have been presented
with great success on the Paris
stage. "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur Le Cristal" is from the
repertoire of the Grand Guignol, a
Paris theater known for its unique
methods of play production.
The action of the play occurs in
Doctor Alique's insane asylum. Mr.
Soucier, a fashionable landscape
painter, is incarcerated in the asy
lum, and the plot concerns the mys
terious circumstances surrounding
his presence there.
Pi Delta Phi, honorary French
fraternity, will present a one-act
comedy, "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur De Cristal," Wednesday,
August 11, at 8 o'clock in the Little
Theater, Memorial Hall.
The play was written by Henri
Duvernois, who is known mainly for
his short stories, although a number
of his comedies have been presented
with great success on the Paris
stage. "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur Le Cristal" is from the
repertoire of the Grand Guignol, a
Paris theater known for its unique
methods of play production.
The action of the play occurs in
Doctor Alique's insane asylum. Mr.
Soucier, a fashionable landscape
painter, is incarcerated in the asy
lum, and the plot concerns the mys
terious circumstances surrounding
his presence there.
Pi Delta Phi, honorary French
fraternity, will present a one-act
comedy, "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur De Cristal," Wednesday,
August 11, at 8 o'clock in the Little
Theater, Memorial Hall.
The play was written by Henri
Duvernois, who is known mainly for
his short stories, although a number
of his comedies have been presented
with great success on the Paris
stage. "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur Le Cristal" is from the
repertoire of the Grand Guignol, a
Paris theater known for its unique
methods of play production.
The action of the play occurs in
Doctor Alique's insane asylum. Mr.
Soucier, a fashionable landscape
painter, is incarcerated in the asy
lum, and the plot concerns the mys
terious circumstances surrounding
his presence there.
Pi Delta Phi, honorary French
fraternity, will present a one-act
comedy, "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur De Cristal," Wednesday,
August 11, at 8 o'clock in the Little
Theater, Memorial Hall.
The play was written by Henri
Duvernois, who is known mainly for
his short stories, although a number
of his comedies have been presented
with great success on the Paris
stage. "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur Le Cristal" is from the
repertoire of the Grand Guignol, a
Paris theater known for its unique
methods of play production.
The action of the play occurs in
Doctor Alique's insane asylum. Mr.
Soucier, a fashionable landscape
painter, is incarcerated in the asy
lum, and the plot concerns the mys
terious circumstances surrounding
his presence there.
Pi Delta Phi, honorary French
fraternity, will present a one-act
comedy, "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur De Cristal," Wednesday,
August 11, at 8 o'clock in the Little
Theater, Memorial Hall.
The play was written by Henri
Duvernois, who is known mainly for
his short stories, although a number
of his comedies have been presented
with great success on the Paris
stage. "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur Le Cristal" is from the
repertoire of the Grand Guignol, a
Paris theater known for its unique
methods of play production.
The action of the play occurs in
Doctor Alique's insane asylum. Mr.
Soucier, a fashionable landscape
painter, is incarcerated in the asy
lum, and the plot concerns the mys
terious circumstances surrounding
his presence there.
Pi Delta Phi, honorary French
fraternity, will present a one-act
comedy, "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur De Cristal," Wednesday,
August 11, at 8 o'clock in the Little
Theater, Memorial Hall.
The play was written by Henri
Duvernois, who is known mainly for
his short stories, although a number
of his comedies have been presented
with great success on the Paris
stage. "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur Le Cristal" is from the
repertoire of the Grand Guignol, a
Paris theater known for its unique
methods of play production.
The action of the play occurs in
Doctor Alique's insane asylum. Mr.
Soucier, a fashionable landscape
painter, is incarcerated in the asy
lum, and the plot concerns the mys
terious circumstances surrounding
his presence there.
Pi Delta Phi, honorary French
fraternity, will present a one-act
comedy, "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur De Cristal," Wednesday,
August 11, at 8 o'clock in the Little
Theater, Memorial Hall.
The play was written by Henri
Duvernois, who is known mainly for
his short stories, although a number
of his comedies have been presented
with great success on the Paris
stage. "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur Le Cristal" is from the
repertoire of the Grand Guignol, a
Paris theater known for its unique
methods of play production.
The action of the play occurs in
Doctor Alique's insane asylum. Mr.
Soucier, a fashionable landscape
painter, is incarcerated in the asy
lum, and the plot concerns the mys
terious circumstances surrounding
his presence there.
Pi Delta Phi, honorary French
fraternity, will present a one-act
comedy, "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur De Cristal," Wednesday,
August 11, at 8 o'clock in the Little
Theater, Memorial Hall.
The play was written by Henri
Duvernois, who is known mainly for
his short stories, although a number
of his comedies have been presented
with great success on the Paris
stage. "La Dame De Bronze et Le
Monsieur Le Cristal" is from the
repertoire of the Grand Guignol, a
Paris theater known for its unique
methods of play production.
The action of the play occurs in
Doctor Alique's insane asylum. Mr.
Soucier, a fashionable landscape
painter, is incarcerated in the asy
lum, and the plot concerns the mys
terious circumstances surrounding
his presence there.
