# 'All Quiet' Ends Early Film Series As 'Talkies' Seen
## 
### 
Notable early sound films made up
the fifth and final program in the
series of early American films de
picting the development of the mo
tion picture given in Memorial Hall
last night.
Included were excerpts from A1
Jolson's famous "Jazz Singer," made
in 1927 and considered an important
influence in the quick shift from
silent to sound pictures. "All Quiet
on the Western Front," important in
revealing the use of dialogue and
battle sound-effects which helped
place the talkies on the same fluent
basis as silent films, was still very
moving to the audience in spite of
being filmed over seven years ago.

Also shown on the program was
"Steamboat Willie," the first Mickey
Mouse using sound, which was re
leased in 1928.
