# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
1 Yew Injuns
who're obJiged
j tew trek Paly way j
fer clothes
if shd know
Roos has a Shack
on Campus
jj (across'n the
Booksto\ and
hunkered down
jgj rnongst the trees)
| :
■ SHOPPING CTNUP
1 Yew Injuns
who're obJiged
j tew trek Paly way j
fer clothes
if shd know
Roos has a Shack
on Campus
jj (across'n the
Booksto\ and
hunkered down
jgj rnongst the trees)
| :
■ SHOPPING CTNUP
1 Yew Injuns
who're obJiged
j tew trek Paly way j
fer clothes
if shd know
Roos has a Shack
on Campus
jj (across'n the
Booksto\ and
hunkered down
jgj rnongst the trees)
| :
■ SHOPPING CTNUP
1 Yew Injuns
who're obJiged
j tew trek Paly way j
fer clothes
if shd know
Roos has a Shack
on Campus
jj (across'n the
Booksto\ and
hunkered down
jgj rnongst the trees)
| :
■ SHOPPING CTNUP
1 Yew Injuns
who're obJiged
j tew trek Paly way j
fer clothes
if shd know
Roos has a Shack
on Campus
jj (across'n the
Booksto\ and
hunkered down
jgj rnongst the trees)
| :
■ SHOPPING CTNUP
1 Yew Injuns
who're obJiged
j tew trek Paly way j
fer clothes
if shd know
Roos has a Shack
on Campus
jj (across'n the
Booksto\ and
hunkered down
jgj rnongst the trees)
| :
■ SHOPPING CTNUP
1 Yew Injuns
who're obJiged
j tew trek Paly way j
fer clothes
if shd know
Roos has a Shack
on Campus
jj (across'n the
Booksto\ and
hunkered down
jgj rnongst the trees)
| :
■ SHOPPING CTNUP
1 Yew Injuns
who're obJiged
j tew trek Paly way j
fer clothes
if shd know
Roos has a Shack
on Campus
jj (across'n the
Booksto\ and
hunkered down
jgj rnongst the trees)
| :
■ SHOPPING CTNUP
1 Yew Injuns
who're obJiged
j tew trek Paly way j
fer clothes
if shd know
Roos has a Shack
on Campus
jj (across'n the
Booksto\ and
hunkered down
jgj rnongst the trees)
| :
■ SHOPPING CTNUP
1 Yew Injuns
who're obJiged
j tew trek Paly way j
fer clothes
if shd know
Roos has a Shack
on Campus
jj (across'n the
Booksto\ and
hunkered down
jgj rnongst the trees)
| :
■ SHOPPING CTNUP
1 Yew Injuns
who're obJiged
j tew trek Paly way j
fer clothes
if shd know
Roos has a Shack
on Campus
jj (across'n the
Booksto\ and
hunkered down
jgj rnongst the trees)
| :
■ SHOPPING CTNUP
1 Yew Injuns
who're obJiged
j tew trek Paly way j
fer clothes
if shd know
Roos has a Shack
on Campus
jj (across'n the
Booksto\ and
hunkered down
jgj rnongst the trees)
| :
■ SHOPPING CTNUP
1 Yew Injuns
who're obJiged
j tew trek Paly way j
fer clothes
if shd know
Roos has a Shack
on Campus
jj (across'n the
Booksto\ and
hunkered down
jgj rnongst the trees)
| :
■ SHOPPING CTNUP
1 Yew Injuns
who're obJiged
j tew trek Paly way j
fer clothes
if shd know
Roos has a Shack
on Campus
jj (across'n the
Booksto\ and
hunkered down
jgj rnongst the trees)
| :
■ SHOPPING CTNUP
1 Yew Injuns
who're obJiged
j tew trek Paly way j
fer clothes
if shd know
Roos has a Shack
on Campus
jj (across'n the
Booksto\ and
hunkered down
jgj rnongst the trees)
| :
■ SHOPPING CTNUP
