# Faculty Members Edit German Book
## 
### 
Several members of the Stanford
faculty and administration have par
ticipated in publishing an informa
tive eyewitness account of the Ber
lin homefront during World War I.
The book is "Diary of a Dying
Empire" by Hans Peter Hanssen.
Hanssen, a member of the Reichs
tag, who represented North Schles
wig, a Danish minority in the Ger
man Empire, wrote what has been
described as "the raw material of
history" in his diary.
Ralph H. Lutz, professor emeritus
of history at Stanford; Mary Scho
field, senior librarian of the catalog
department of Hoover library at
Stanford; and Oscar O. Wimther,
formerly a member of the Stanford
History Department and now at In
diana University, edited this book.
