# APPOINTS COMMITTEES
## PRESIDENT MACKENZIE ANNOUNCES LIST.—REPORTS MADE Quad Affairs Are Discussed and Board of Directors Submit Statement of Finances. 
### 
The Junior class met today and
disposed of some important business
connected with the publication of the
1910 Quad. The Board of Directors,
a committee to which the class has
delegated the duty of supervising the
accounts of the Quad Business Man
ager, under the new system, submit
ted two lengthy reports, embodying
the results of its work to date.
The first report dealt with the mat
ter of awarding of the printing con
tract. The manager entered into a
contract with a San Francisco firm
last semester for the printing of the
annual, but this agreement was re
pudiated by the Board of Directors, as
having been unauthorized. This ac
tion of the directors was today ap
proved by the class, and the contract
will now be let to the firm that of
fers the most favorable terms, finan
cially and otherwise. From present
indications, the company that has pub
lished a majority of past Quads will
be given the job of turning out this
year's book.
In a second statement the directors
reported to the class the present
financial status of the Quad. The ap
proval of the expenditures incurred
to date in the .preliminary prepara
tions for the publication of the book
was postponed until some future
meeting. During the course of the
meeting several heated discussions
arose, and.in concluding, the sense
of the meeting was to consider what
had passed as private class business
President K. S. Mackenzie took oc
casion to announce the Junior Week
committees as follows:
Junior Opera Committee —Miss M.
Howell, Miss R. Gerard, Miss A.
Huntsberger, Miss A. Wright, H. Rit
tigstein, F. Wilson, C. P. Happy, L.
P. Vanatta and H. W. Thompson,
chairman.
Junior Prom Committee —Miss E.
Palmer, Miss M. Barlow. Miss M.
James, Miss A. Shumate, Miss M. Van
Zwalenburg, H. E. Reed, H. N. George,
A. E. Ehrhorn and W. W. Southard,
chairman.
Junior Day Committee —M. M.
Mitchell, C. H. Vose, H. B. Patrick.
G. E. Cheda, K. S. Jordan, J. C. Hus
ton and L. S. Scott, chairman.
The Junior class met today and
disposed of some important business
connected with the publication of the
1910 Quad. The Board of Directors,
a committee to which the class has
delegated the duty of supervising the
accounts of the Quad Business Man
ager, under the new system, submit
ted two lengthy reports, embodying
the results of its work to date.
The first report dealt with the mat
ter of awarding of the printing con
tract. The manager entered into a
contract with a San Francisco firm
last semester for the printing of the
annual, but this agreement was re
pudiated by the Board of Directors, as
having been unauthorized. This ac
tion of the directors was today ap
proved by the class, and the contract
will now be let to the firm that of
fers the most favorable terms, finan
cially and otherwise. From present
indications, the company that has pub
lished a majority of past Quads will
be given the job of turning out this
year's book.
In a second statement the directors
reported to the class the present
financial status of the Quad. The ap
proval of the expenditures incurred
to date in the .preliminary prepara
tions for the publication of the book
was postponed until some future
meeting. During the course of the
meeting several heated discussions
arose, and.in concluding, the sense
of the meeting was to consider what
had passed as private class business
President K. S. Mackenzie took oc
casion to announce the Junior Week
committees as follows:
Junior Opera Committee —Miss M.
Howell, Miss R. Gerard, Miss A.
Huntsberger, Miss A. Wright, H. Rit
tigstein, F. Wilson, C. P. Happy, L.
P. Vanatta and H. W. Thompson,
chairman.
Junior Prom Committee —Miss E.
Palmer, Miss M. Barlow. Miss M.
James, Miss A. Shumate, Miss M. Van
Zwalenburg, H. E. Reed, H. N. George,
A. E. Ehrhorn and W. W. Southard,
chairman.
Junior Day Committee —M. M.
Mitchell, C. H. Vose, H. B. Patrick.
G. E. Cheda, K. S. Jordan, J. C. Hus
ton and L. S. Scott, chairman.
The Junior class met today and
disposed of some important business
connected with the publication of the
1910 Quad. The Board of Directors,
a committee to which the class has
delegated the duty of supervising the
accounts of the Quad Business Man
ager, under the new system, submit
ted two lengthy reports, embodying
the results of its work to date.
The first report dealt with the mat
ter of awarding of the printing con
tract. The manager entered into a
contract with a San Francisco firm
last semester for the printing of the
annual, but this agreement was re
pudiated by the Board of Directors, as
having been unauthorized. This ac
tion of the directors was today ap
proved by the class, and the contract
will now be let to the firm that of
fers the most favorable terms, finan
cially and otherwise. From present
indications, the company that has pub
lished a majority of past Quads will
be given the job of turning out this
year's book.
In a second statement the directors
reported to the class the present
financial status of the Quad. The ap
proval of the expenditures incurred
to date in the .preliminary prepara
tions for the publication of the book
was postponed until some future
meeting. During the course of the
meeting several heated discussions
arose, and.in concluding, the sense
of the meeting was to consider what
had passed as private class business
President K. S. Mackenzie took oc
casion to announce the Junior Week
committees as follows:
Junior Opera Committee —Miss M.
Howell, Miss R. Gerard, Miss A.
Huntsberger, Miss A. Wright, H. Rit
tigstein, F. Wilson, C. P. Happy, L.
P. Vanatta and H. W. Thompson,
chairman.
Junior Prom Committee —Miss E.
Palmer, Miss M. Barlow. Miss M.
James, Miss A. Shumate, Miss M. Van
Zwalenburg, H. E. Reed, H. N. George,
A. E. Ehrhorn and W. W. Southard,
chairman.
Junior Day Committee —M. M.
Mitchell, C. H. Vose, H. B. Patrick.
G. E. Cheda, K. S. Jordan, J. C. Hus
ton and L. S. Scott, chairman.
The Junior class met today and
disposed of some important business
connected with the publication of the
1910 Quad. The Board of Directors,
a committee to which the class has
delegated the duty of supervising the
accounts of the Quad Business Man
ager, under the new system, submit
ted two lengthy reports, embodying
the results of its work to date.
The first report dealt with the mat
ter of awarding of the printing con
tract. The manager entered into a
contract with a San Francisco firm
last semester for the printing of the
annual, but this agreement was re
pudiated by the Board of Directors, as
having been unauthorized. This ac
tion of the directors was today ap
proved by the class, and the contract
will now be let to the firm that of
fers the most favorable terms, finan
cially and otherwise. From present
indications, the company that has pub
lished a majority of past Quads will
be given the job of turning out this
year's book.
In a second statement the directors
reported to the class the present
financial status of the Quad. The ap
proval of the expenditures incurred
to date in the .preliminary prepara
tions for the publication of the book
was postponed until some future
meeting. During the course of the
meeting several heated discussions
arose, and.in concluding, the sense
of the meeting was to consider what
had passed as private class business
President K. S. Mackenzie took oc
casion to announce the Junior Week
committees as follows:
Junior Opera Committee —Miss M.
Howell, Miss R. Gerard, Miss A.
Huntsberger, Miss A. Wright, H. Rit
tigstein, F. Wilson, C. P. Happy, L.
P. Vanatta and H. W. Thompson,
chairman.
Junior Prom Committee —Miss E.
Palmer, Miss M. Barlow. Miss M.
James, Miss A. Shumate, Miss M. Van
Zwalenburg, H. E. Reed, H. N. George,
A. E. Ehrhorn and W. W. Southard,
chairman.
Junior Day Committee —M. M.
Mitchell, C. H. Vose, H. B. Patrick.
G. E. Cheda, K. S. Jordan, J. C. Hus
ton and L. S. Scott, chairman.
The Junior class met today and
disposed of some important business
connected with the publication of the
1910 Quad. The Board of Directors,
a committee to which the class has
delegated the duty of supervising the
accounts of the Quad Business Man
ager, under the new system, submit
ted two lengthy reports, embodying
the results of its work to date.
The first report dealt with the mat
ter of awarding of the printing con
tract. The manager entered into a
contract with a San Francisco firm
last semester for the printing of the
annual, but this agreement was re
pudiated by the Board of Directors, as
having been unauthorized. This ac
tion of the directors was today ap
proved by the class, and the contract
will now be let to the firm that of
fers the most favorable terms, finan
cially and otherwise. From present
indications, the company that has pub
lished a majority of past Quads will
be given the job of turning out this
year's book.
In a second statement the directors
reported to the class the present
financial status of the Quad. The ap
proval of the expenditures incurred
to date in the .preliminary prepara
tions for the publication of the book
was postponed until some future
meeting. During the course of the
meeting several heated discussions
arose, and.in concluding, the sense
of the meeting was to consider what
had passed as private class business
President K. S. Mackenzie took oc
casion to announce the Junior Week
committees as follows:
Junior Opera Committee —Miss M.
Howell, Miss R. Gerard, Miss A.
Huntsberger, Miss A. Wright, H. Rit
tigstein, F. Wilson, C. P. Happy, L.
P. Vanatta and H. W. Thompson,
chairman.
Junior Prom Committee —Miss E.
Palmer, Miss M. Barlow. Miss M.
James, Miss A. Shumate, Miss M. Van
Zwalenburg, H. E. Reed, H. N. George,
A. E. Ehrhorn and W. W. Southard,
chairman.
Junior Day Committee —M. M.
Mitchell, C. H. Vose, H. B. Patrick.
G. E. Cheda, K. S. Jordan, J. C. Hus
ton and L. S. Scott, chairman.
The Junior class met today and
disposed of some important business
connected with the publication of the
1910 Quad. The Board of Directors,
a committee to which the class has
delegated the duty of supervising the
accounts of the Quad Business Man
ager, under the new system, submit
ted two lengthy reports, embodying
the results of its work to date.
The first report dealt with the mat
ter of awarding of the printing con
tract. The manager entered into a
contract with a San Francisco firm
last semester for the printing of the
annual, but this agreement was re
pudiated by the Board of Directors, as
having been unauthorized. This ac
tion of the directors was today ap
proved by the class, and the contract
will now be let to the firm that of
fers the most favorable terms, finan
cially and otherwise. From present
indications, the company that has pub
lished a majority of past Quads will
be given the job of turning out this
year's book.
In a second statement the directors
reported to the class the present
financial status of the Quad. The ap
proval of the expenditures incurred
to date in the .preliminary prepara
tions for the publication of the book
was postponed until some future
meeting. During the course of the
meeting several heated discussions
arose, and.in concluding, the sense
of the meeting was to consider what
had passed as private class business
President K. S. Mackenzie took oc
casion to announce the Junior Week
committees as follows:
Junior Opera Committee —Miss M.
Howell, Miss R. Gerard, Miss A.
Huntsberger, Miss A. Wright, H. Rit
tigstein, F. Wilson, C. P. Happy, L.
P. Vanatta and H. W. Thompson,
chairman.
Junior Prom Committee —Miss E.
Palmer, Miss M. Barlow. Miss M.
James, Miss A. Shumate, Miss M. Van
Zwalenburg, H. E. Reed, H. N. George,
A. E. Ehrhorn and W. W. Southard,
chairman.
Junior Day Committee —M. M.
Mitchell, C. H. Vose, H. B. Patrick.
G. E. Cheda, K. S. Jordan, J. C. Hus
ton and L. S. Scott, chairman.
The Junior class met today and
disposed of some important business
connected with the publication of the
1910 Quad. The Board of Directors,
a committee to which the class has
delegated the duty of supervising the
accounts of the Quad Business Man
ager, under the new system, submit
ted two lengthy reports, embodying
the results of its work to date.
The first report dealt with the mat
ter of awarding of the printing con
tract. The manager entered into a
contract with a San Francisco firm
last semester for the printing of the
annual, but this agreement was re
pudiated by the Board of Directors, as
having been unauthorized. This ac
tion of the directors was today ap
proved by the class, and the contract
will now be let to the firm that of
fers the most favorable terms, finan
cially and otherwise. From present
indications, the company that has pub
lished a majority of past Quads will
be given the job of turning out this
year's book.
In a second statement the directors
reported to the class the present
financial status of the Quad. The ap
proval of the expenditures incurred
to date in the .preliminary prepara
tions for the publication of the book
was postponed until some future
meeting. During the course of the
meeting several heated discussions
arose, and.in concluding, the sense
of the meeting was to consider what
had passed as private class business
President K. S. Mackenzie took oc
casion to announce the Junior Week
committees as follows:
Junior Opera Committee —Miss M.
Howell, Miss R. Gerard, Miss A.
Huntsberger, Miss A. Wright, H. Rit
tigstein, F. Wilson, C. P. Happy, L.
P. Vanatta and H. W. Thompson,
chairman.
Junior Prom Committee —Miss E.
Palmer, Miss M. Barlow. Miss M.
James, Miss A. Shumate, Miss M. Van
Zwalenburg, H. E. Reed, H. N. George,
A. E. Ehrhorn and W. W. Southard,
chairman.
Junior Day Committee —M. M.
Mitchell, C. H. Vose, H. B. Patrick.
G. E. Cheda, K. S. Jordan, J. C. Hus
ton and L. S. Scott, chairman.
The Junior class met today and
disposed of some important business
connected with the publication of the
1910 Quad. The Board of Directors,
a committee to which the class has
delegated the duty of supervising the
accounts of the Quad Business Man
ager, under the new system, submit
ted two lengthy reports, embodying
the results of its work to date.
The first report dealt with the mat
ter of awarding of the printing con
tract. The manager entered into a
contract with a San Francisco firm
last semester for the printing of the
annual, but this agreement was re
pudiated by the Board of Directors, as
having been unauthorized. This ac
tion of the directors was today ap
proved by the class, and the contract
will now be let to the firm that of
fers the most favorable terms, finan
cially and otherwise. From present
indications, the company that has pub
lished a majority of past Quads will
be given the job of turning out this
year's book.
In a second statement the directors
reported to the class the present
financial status of the Quad. The ap
proval of the expenditures incurred
to date in the .preliminary prepara
tions for the publication of the book
was postponed until some future
meeting. During the course of the
meeting several heated discussions
arose, and.in concluding, the sense
of the meeting was to consider what
had passed as private class business
President K. S. Mackenzie took oc
casion to announce the Junior Week
committees as follows:
Junior Opera Committee —Miss M.
Howell, Miss R. Gerard, Miss A.
Huntsberger, Miss A. Wright, H. Rit
tigstein, F. Wilson, C. P. Happy, L.
P. Vanatta and H. W. Thompson,
chairman.
Junior Prom Committee —Miss E.
Palmer, Miss M. Barlow. Miss M.
James, Miss A. Shumate, Miss M. Van
Zwalenburg, H. E. Reed, H. N. George,
A. E. Ehrhorn and W. W. Southard,
chairman.
Junior Day Committee —M. M.
Mitchell, C. H. Vose, H. B. Patrick.
G. E. Cheda, K. S. Jordan, J. C. Hus
ton and L. S. Scott, chairman.
The Junior class met today and
disposed of some important business
connected with the publication of the
1910 Quad. The Board of Directors,
a committee to which the class has
delegated the duty of supervising the
accounts of the Quad Business Man
ager, under the new system, submit
ted two lengthy reports, embodying
the results of its work to date.
The first report dealt with the mat
ter of awarding of the printing con
tract. The manager entered into a
contract with a San Francisco firm
last semester for the printing of the
annual, but this agreement was re
pudiated by the Board of Directors, as
having been unauthorized. This ac
tion of the directors was today ap
proved by the class, and the contract
will now be let to the firm that of
fers the most favorable terms, finan
cially and otherwise. From present
indications, the company that has pub
lished a majority of past Quads will
be given the job of turning out this
year's book.
In a second statement the directors
reported to the class the present
financial status of the Quad. The ap
proval of the expenditures incurred
to date in the .preliminary prepara
tions for the publication of the book
was postponed until some future
meeting. During the course of the
meeting several heated discussions
arose, and.in concluding, the sense
of the meeting was to consider what
had passed as private class business
President K. S. Mackenzie took oc
casion to announce the Junior Week
committees as follows:
Junior Opera Committee —Miss M.
Howell, Miss R. Gerard, Miss A.
Huntsberger, Miss A. Wright, H. Rit
tigstein, F. Wilson, C. P. Happy, L.
P. Vanatta and H. W. Thompson,
chairman.
Junior Prom Committee —Miss E.
Palmer, Miss M. Barlow. Miss M.
James, Miss A. Shumate, Miss M. Van
Zwalenburg, H. E. Reed, H. N. George,
A. E. Ehrhorn and W. W. Southard,
chairman.
Junior Day Committee —M. M.
Mitchell, C. H. Vose, H. B. Patrick.
G. E. Cheda, K. S. Jordan, J. C. Hus
ton and L. S. Scott, chairman.
The Junior class met today and
disposed of some important business
connected with the publication of the
1910 Quad. The Board of Directors,
a committee to which the class has
delegated the duty of supervising the
accounts of the Quad Business Man
ager, under the new system, submit
ted two lengthy reports, embodying
the results of its work to date.
The first report dealt with the mat
ter of awarding of the printing con
tract. The manager entered into a
contract with a San Francisco firm
last semester for the printing of the
annual, but this agreement was re
pudiated by the Board of Directors, as
having been unauthorized. This ac
tion of the directors was today ap
proved by the class, and the contract
will now be let to the firm that of
fers the most favorable terms, finan
cially and otherwise. From present
indications, the company that has pub
lished a majority of past Quads will
be given the job of turning out this
year's book.
In a second statement the directors
reported to the class the present
financial status of the Quad. The ap
proval of the expenditures incurred
to date in the .preliminary prepara
tions for the publication of the book
was postponed until some future
meeting. During the course of the
meeting several heated discussions
arose, and.in concluding, the sense
of the meeting was to consider what
had passed as private class business
President K. S. Mackenzie took oc
casion to announce the Junior Week
committees as follows:
Junior Opera Committee —Miss M.
Howell, Miss R. Gerard, Miss A.
Huntsberger, Miss A. Wright, H. Rit
tigstein, F. Wilson, C. P. Happy, L.
P. Vanatta and H. W. Thompson,
chairman.
Junior Prom Committee —Miss E.
Palmer, Miss M. Barlow. Miss M.
James, Miss A. Shumate, Miss M. Van
Zwalenburg, H. E. Reed, H. N. George,
A. E. Ehrhorn and W. W. Southard,
chairman.
Junior Day Committee —M. M.
Mitchell, C. H. Vose, H. B. Patrick.
G. E. Cheda, K. S. Jordan, J. C. Hus
ton and L. S. Scott, chairman.
The Junior class met today and
disposed of some important business
connected with the publication of the
1910 Quad. The Board of Directors,
a committee to which the class has
delegated the duty of supervising the
accounts of the Quad Business Man
ager, under the new system, submit
ted two lengthy reports, embodying
the results of its work to date.
The first report dealt with the mat
ter of awarding of the printing con
tract. The manager entered into a
contract with a San Francisco firm
last semester for the printing of the
annual, but this agreement was re
pudiated by the Board of Directors, as
having been unauthorized. This ac
tion of the directors was today ap
proved by the class, and the contract
will now be let to the firm that of
fers the most favorable terms, finan
cially and otherwise. From present
indications, the company that has pub
lished a majority of past Quads will
be given the job of turning out this
year's book.
In a second statement the directors
reported to the class the present
financial status of the Quad. The ap
proval of the expenditures incurred
to date in the .preliminary prepara
tions for the publication of the book
was postponed until some future
meeting. During the course of the
meeting several heated discussions
arose, and.in concluding, the sense
of the meeting was to consider what
had passed as private class business
President K. S. Mackenzie took oc
casion to announce the Junior Week
committees as follows:
Junior Opera Committee —Miss M.
Howell, Miss R. Gerard, Miss A.
Huntsberger, Miss A. Wright, H. Rit
tigstein, F. Wilson, C. P. Happy, L.
P. Vanatta and H. W. Thompson,
chairman.
Junior Prom Committee —Miss E.
Palmer, Miss M. Barlow. Miss M.
James, Miss A. Shumate, Miss M. Van
Zwalenburg, H. E. Reed, H. N. George,
A. E. Ehrhorn and W. W. Southard,
chairman.
Junior Day Committee —M. M.
Mitchell, C. H. Vose, H. B. Patrick.
G. E. Cheda, K. S. Jordan, J. C. Hus
ton and L. S. Scott, chairman.
