# Berkeley Will Play Chicago White Sox
## 
### 
California will probably play two
games with the Chicago White Sox in
March. The entire schedule has not
yet been given out. The team will
soon begin indoor practice, under the
direction of Robert Causley.
California will probably play two
games with the Chicago White Sox in
March. The entire schedule has not
yet been given out. The team will
soon begin indoor practice, under the
direction of Robert Causley.
California will probably play two
games with the Chicago White Sox in
March. The entire schedule has not
yet been given out. The team will
soon begin indoor practice, under the
direction of Robert Causley.
California will probably play two
games with the Chicago White Sox in
March. The entire schedule has not
yet been given out. The team will
soon begin indoor practice, under the
direction of Robert Causley.
California will probably play two
games with the Chicago White Sox in
March. The entire schedule has not
yet been given out. The team will
soon begin indoor practice, under the
direction of Robert Causley.
California will probably play two
games with the Chicago White Sox in
March. The entire schedule has not
yet been given out. The team will
soon begin indoor practice, under the
direction of Robert Causley.
California will probably play two
games with the Chicago White Sox in
March. The entire schedule has not
yet been given out. The team will
soon begin indoor practice, under the
direction of Robert Causley.
California will probably play two
games with the Chicago White Sox in
March. The entire schedule has not
yet been given out. The team will
soon begin indoor practice, under the
direction of Robert Causley.
California will probably play two
games with the Chicago White Sox in
March. The entire schedule has not
yet been given out. The team will
soon begin indoor practice, under the
direction of Robert Causley.
California will probably play two
games with the Chicago White Sox in
March. The entire schedule has not
yet been given out. The team will
soon begin indoor practice, under the
direction of Robert Causley.
California will probably play two
games with the Chicago White Sox in
March. The entire schedule has not
yet been given out. The team will
soon begin indoor practice, under the
direction of Robert Causley.
