# Herb Caen to Visit Farm November I
## 
### 
Ilerb Caen, Sun Francisco Chron
icle "It's Nc-ws to Me" columnist,
will appear at the Stanford Book
store Tuesday, November 1, to auto
graph copies of his new book,
"Baghdad by the Bay."

His book, which is written in a
style typical of his breezy column,
is a word picture of San Francisco,
featuring tales of the people living
there, Howard Brodie, Chronicle
staff artist, illustrated the book.
Ilerb Caen, Sun Francisco Chron
icle "It's Nc-ws to Me" columnist,
will appear at the Stanford Book
store Tuesday, November 1, to auto
graph copies of his new book,
"Baghdad by the Bay."

His book, which is written in a
style typical of his breezy column,
is a word picture of San Francisco,
featuring tales of the people living
there, Howard Brodie, Chronicle
staff artist, illustrated the book.
Ilerb Caen, Sun Francisco Chron
icle "It's Nc-ws to Me" columnist,
will appear at the Stanford Book
store Tuesday, November 1, to auto
graph copies of his new book,
"Baghdad by the Bay."

His book, which is written in a
style typical of his breezy column,
is a word picture of San Francisco,
featuring tales of the people living
there, Howard Brodie, Chronicle
staff artist, illustrated the book.
Ilerb Caen, Sun Francisco Chron
icle "It's Nc-ws to Me" columnist,
will appear at the Stanford Book
store Tuesday, November 1, to auto
graph copies of his new book,
"Baghdad by the Bay."

His book, which is written in a
style typical of his breezy column,
is a word picture of San Francisco,
featuring tales of the people living
there, Howard Brodie, Chronicle
staff artist, illustrated the book.
Ilerb Caen, Sun Francisco Chron
icle "It's Nc-ws to Me" columnist,
will appear at the Stanford Book
store Tuesday, November 1, to auto
graph copies of his new book,
"Baghdad by the Bay."

His book, which is written in a
style typical of his breezy column,
is a word picture of San Francisco,
featuring tales of the people living
there, Howard Brodie, Chronicle
staff artist, illustrated the book.
Ilerb Caen, Sun Francisco Chron
icle "It's Nc-ws to Me" columnist,
will appear at the Stanford Book
store Tuesday, November 1, to auto
graph copies of his new book,
"Baghdad by the Bay."

His book, which is written in a
style typical of his breezy column,
is a word picture of San Francisco,
featuring tales of the people living
there, Howard Brodie, Chronicle
staff artist, illustrated the book.
Ilerb Caen, Sun Francisco Chron
icle "It's Nc-ws to Me" columnist,
will appear at the Stanford Book
store Tuesday, November 1, to auto
graph copies of his new book,
"Baghdad by the Bay."

His book, which is written in a
style typical of his breezy column,
is a word picture of San Francisco,
featuring tales of the people living
there, Howard Brodie, Chronicle
staff artist, illustrated the book.
Ilerb Caen, Sun Francisco Chron
icle "It's Nc-ws to Me" columnist,
will appear at the Stanford Book
store Tuesday, November 1, to auto
graph copies of his new book,
"Baghdad by the Bay."

His book, which is written in a
style typical of his breezy column,
is a word picture of San Francisco,
featuring tales of the people living
there, Howard Brodie, Chronicle
staff artist, illustrated the book.
Ilerb Caen, Sun Francisco Chron
icle "It's Nc-ws to Me" columnist,
will appear at the Stanford Book
store Tuesday, November 1, to auto
graph copies of his new book,
"Baghdad by the Bay."

His book, which is written in a
style typical of his breezy column,
is a word picture of San Francisco,
featuring tales of the people living
there, Howard Brodie, Chronicle
staff artist, illustrated the book.
Ilerb Caen, Sun Francisco Chron
icle "It's Nc-ws to Me" columnist,
will appear at the Stanford Book
store Tuesday, November 1, to auto
graph copies of his new book,
"Baghdad by the Bay."

His book, which is written in a
style typical of his breezy column,
is a word picture of San Francisco,
featuring tales of the people living
there, Howard Brodie, Chronicle
staff artist, illustrated the book.
Ilerb Caen, Sun Francisco Chron
icle "It's Nc-ws to Me" columnist,
will appear at the Stanford Book
store Tuesday, November 1, to auto
graph copies of his new book,
"Baghdad by the Bay."

His book, which is written in a
style typical of his breezy column,
is a word picture of San Francisco,
featuring tales of the people living
there, Howard Brodie, Chronicle
staff artist, illustrated the book.
Ilerb Caen, Sun Francisco Chron
icle "It's Nc-ws to Me" columnist,
will appear at the Stanford Book
store Tuesday, November 1, to auto
graph copies of his new book,
"Baghdad by the Bay."

His book, which is written in a
style typical of his breezy column,
is a word picture of San Francisco,
featuring tales of the people living
there, Howard Brodie, Chronicle
staff artist, illustrated the book.
Ilerb Caen, Sun Francisco Chron
icle "It's Nc-ws to Me" columnist,
will appear at the Stanford Book
store Tuesday, November 1, to auto
graph copies of his new book,
"Baghdad by the Bay."

His book, which is written in a
style typical of his breezy column,
is a word picture of San Francisco,
featuring tales of the people living
there, Howard Brodie, Chronicle
staff artist, illustrated the book.
Ilerb Caen, Sun Francisco Chron
icle "It's Nc-ws to Me" columnist,
will appear at the Stanford Book
store Tuesday, November 1, to auto
graph copies of his new book,
"Baghdad by the Bay."

His book, which is written in a
style typical of his breezy column,
is a word picture of San Francisco,
featuring tales of the people living
there, Howard Brodie, Chronicle
staff artist, illustrated the book.
Ilerb Caen, Sun Francisco Chron
icle "It's Nc-ws to Me" columnist,
will appear at the Stanford Book
store Tuesday, November 1, to auto
graph copies of his new book,
"Baghdad by the Bay."

His book, which is written in a
style typical of his breezy column,
is a word picture of San Francisco,
featuring tales of the people living
there, Howard Brodie, Chronicle
staff artist, illustrated the book.
Ilerb Caen, Sun Francisco Chron
icle "It's Nc-ws to Me" columnist,
will appear at the Stanford Book
store Tuesday, November 1, to auto
graph copies of his new book,
"Baghdad by the Bay."

His book, which is written in a
style typical of his breezy column,
is a word picture of San Francisco,
featuring tales of the people living
there, Howard Brodie, Chronicle
staff artist, illustrated the book.
