# India Is Subject Of Round Table
## 
### 
Dr. Frederic Spiegel berg, assistant
professor of Asiatic and Slavic stud
ies at Stanford, who has just re
turned from a trip to India, and
Medha Yodh, graduate student in
chemistry from India, will discuss
"Whi re Is India Going?" on the
Stanford Roundtable broadcast to
inorrow from 10:.*!() to 11 a.m. on
station KIBE.
The broadcast will be the second
in the series of round-table discus
sions sponsored by the Stanford In
stitute of International Relations,
an organization which co-ordinates
sutdent interest in international af
fairs.
The Roundtable will also he heard
over station KZSU, student station,

from 8:110 to 9 p.m. tomorrow.
George Velliotes, Stanford political
science student, is moderator of the
weekly series.
Dr. Frederic Spiegel berg, assistant
professor of Asiatic and Slavic stud
ies at Stanford, who has just re
turned from a trip to India, and
Medha Yodh, graduate student in
chemistry from India, will discuss
"Whi re Is India Going?" on the
Stanford Roundtable broadcast to
inorrow from 10:.*!() to 11 a.m. on
station KIBE.
The broadcast will be the second
in the series of round-table discus
sions sponsored by the Stanford In
stitute of International Relations,
an organization which co-ordinates
sutdent interest in international af
fairs.
The Roundtable will also he heard
over station KZSU, student station,

from 8:110 to 9 p.m. tomorrow.
George Velliotes, Stanford political
science student, is moderator of the
weekly series.
Dr. Frederic Spiegel berg, assistant
professor of Asiatic and Slavic stud
ies at Stanford, who has just re
turned from a trip to India, and
Medha Yodh, graduate student in
chemistry from India, will discuss
"Whi re Is India Going?" on the
Stanford Roundtable broadcast to
inorrow from 10:.*!() to 11 a.m. on
station KIBE.
The broadcast will be the second
in the series of round-table discus
sions sponsored by the Stanford In
stitute of International Relations,
an organization which co-ordinates
sutdent interest in international af
fairs.
The Roundtable will also he heard
over station KZSU, student station,

from 8:110 to 9 p.m. tomorrow.
George Velliotes, Stanford political
science student, is moderator of the
weekly series.
Dr. Frederic Spiegel berg, assistant
professor of Asiatic and Slavic stud
ies at Stanford, who has just re
turned from a trip to India, and
Medha Yodh, graduate student in
chemistry from India, will discuss
"Whi re Is India Going?" on the
Stanford Roundtable broadcast to
inorrow from 10:.*!() to 11 a.m. on
station KIBE.
The broadcast will be the second
in the series of round-table discus
sions sponsored by the Stanford In
stitute of International Relations,
an organization which co-ordinates
sutdent interest in international af
fairs.
The Roundtable will also he heard
over station KZSU, student station,

from 8:110 to 9 p.m. tomorrow.
George Velliotes, Stanford political
science student, is moderator of the
weekly series.
Dr. Frederic Spiegel berg, assistant
professor of Asiatic and Slavic stud
ies at Stanford, who has just re
turned from a trip to India, and
Medha Yodh, graduate student in
chemistry from India, will discuss
"Whi re Is India Going?" on the
Stanford Roundtable broadcast to
inorrow from 10:.*!() to 11 a.m. on
station KIBE.
The broadcast will be the second
in the series of round-table discus
sions sponsored by the Stanford In
stitute of International Relations,
an organization which co-ordinates
sutdent interest in international af
fairs.
The Roundtable will also he heard
over station KZSU, student station,

from 8:110 to 9 p.m. tomorrow.
George Velliotes, Stanford political
science student, is moderator of the
weekly series.
Dr. Frederic Spiegel berg, assistant
professor of Asiatic and Slavic stud
ies at Stanford, who has just re
turned from a trip to India, and
Medha Yodh, graduate student in
chemistry from India, will discuss
"Whi re Is India Going?" on the
Stanford Roundtable broadcast to
inorrow from 10:.*!() to 11 a.m. on
station KIBE.
The broadcast will be the second
in the series of round-table discus
sions sponsored by the Stanford In
stitute of International Relations,
an organization which co-ordinates
sutdent interest in international af
fairs.
The Roundtable will also he heard
over station KZSU, student station,

from 8:110 to 9 p.m. tomorrow.
George Velliotes, Stanford political
science student, is moderator of the
weekly series.
Dr. Frederic Spiegel berg, assistant
professor of Asiatic and Slavic stud
ies at Stanford, who has just re
turned from a trip to India, and
Medha Yodh, graduate student in
chemistry from India, will discuss
"Whi re Is India Going?" on the
Stanford Roundtable broadcast to
inorrow from 10:.*!() to 11 a.m. on
station KIBE.
The broadcast will be the second
in the series of round-table discus
sions sponsored by the Stanford In
stitute of International Relations,
an organization which co-ordinates
sutdent interest in international af
fairs.
The Roundtable will also he heard
over station KZSU, student station,

from 8:110 to 9 p.m. tomorrow.
George Velliotes, Stanford political
science student, is moderator of the
weekly series.
Dr. Frederic Spiegel berg, assistant
professor of Asiatic and Slavic stud
ies at Stanford, who has just re
turned from a trip to India, and
Medha Yodh, graduate student in
chemistry from India, will discuss
"Whi re Is India Going?" on the
Stanford Roundtable broadcast to
inorrow from 10:.*!() to 11 a.m. on
station KIBE.
The broadcast will be the second
in the series of round-table discus
sions sponsored by the Stanford In
stitute of International Relations,
an organization which co-ordinates
sutdent interest in international af
fairs.
The Roundtable will also he heard
over station KZSU, student station,

from 8:110 to 9 p.m. tomorrow.
George Velliotes, Stanford political
science student, is moderator of the
weekly series.
Dr. Frederic Spiegel berg, assistant
professor of Asiatic and Slavic stud
ies at Stanford, who has just re
turned from a trip to India, and
Medha Yodh, graduate student in
chemistry from India, will discuss
"Whi re Is India Going?" on the
Stanford Roundtable broadcast to
inorrow from 10:.*!() to 11 a.m. on
station KIBE.
The broadcast will be the second
in the series of round-table discus
sions sponsored by the Stanford In
stitute of International Relations,
an organization which co-ordinates
sutdent interest in international af
fairs.
The Roundtable will also he heard
over station KZSU, student station,

from 8:110 to 9 p.m. tomorrow.
George Velliotes, Stanford political
science student, is moderator of the
weekly series.
Dr. Frederic Spiegel berg, assistant
professor of Asiatic and Slavic stud
ies at Stanford, who has just re
turned from a trip to India, and
Medha Yodh, graduate student in
chemistry from India, will discuss
"Whi re Is India Going?" on the
Stanford Roundtable broadcast to
inorrow from 10:.*!() to 11 a.m. on
station KIBE.
The broadcast will be the second
in the series of round-table discus
sions sponsored by the Stanford In
stitute of International Relations,
an organization which co-ordinates
sutdent interest in international af
fairs.
The Roundtable will also he heard
over station KZSU, student station,

from 8:110 to 9 p.m. tomorrow.
George Velliotes, Stanford political
science student, is moderator of the
weekly series.
Dr. Frederic Spiegel berg, assistant
professor of Asiatic and Slavic stud
ies at Stanford, who has just re
turned from a trip to India, and
Medha Yodh, graduate student in
chemistry from India, will discuss
"Whi re Is India Going?" on the
Stanford Roundtable broadcast to
inorrow from 10:.*!() to 11 a.m. on
station KIBE.
The broadcast will be the second
in the series of round-table discus
sions sponsored by the Stanford In
stitute of International Relations,
an organization which co-ordinates
sutdent interest in international af
fairs.
The Roundtable will also he heard
over station KZSU, student station,

from 8:110 to 9 p.m. tomorrow.
George Velliotes, Stanford political
science student, is moderator of the
weekly series.
Dr. Frederic Spiegel berg, assistant
professor of Asiatic and Slavic stud
ies at Stanford, who has just re
turned from a trip to India, and
Medha Yodh, graduate student in
chemistry from India, will discuss
"Whi re Is India Going?" on the
Stanford Roundtable broadcast to
inorrow from 10:.*!() to 11 a.m. on
station KIBE.
The broadcast will be the second
in the series of round-table discus
sions sponsored by the Stanford In
stitute of International Relations,
an organization which co-ordinates
sutdent interest in international af
fairs.
The Roundtable will also he heard
over station KZSU, student station,

from 8:110 to 9 p.m. tomorrow.
George Velliotes, Stanford political
science student, is moderator of the
weekly series.
Dr. Frederic Spiegel berg, assistant
professor of Asiatic and Slavic stud
ies at Stanford, who has just re
turned from a trip to India, and
Medha Yodh, graduate student in
chemistry from India, will discuss
"Whi re Is India Going?" on the
Stanford Roundtable broadcast to
inorrow from 10:.*!() to 11 a.m. on
station KIBE.
The broadcast will be the second
in the series of round-table discus
sions sponsored by the Stanford In
stitute of International Relations,
an organization which co-ordinates
sutdent interest in international af
fairs.
The Roundtable will also he heard
over station KZSU, student station,

from 8:110 to 9 p.m. tomorrow.
George Velliotes, Stanford political
science student, is moderator of the
weekly series.
Dr. Frederic Spiegel berg, assistant
professor of Asiatic and Slavic stud
ies at Stanford, who has just re
turned from a trip to India, and
Medha Yodh, graduate student in
chemistry from India, will discuss
"Whi re Is India Going?" on the
Stanford Roundtable broadcast to
inorrow from 10:.*!() to 11 a.m. on
station KIBE.
The broadcast will be the second
in the series of round-table discus
sions sponsored by the Stanford In
stitute of International Relations,
an organization which co-ordinates
sutdent interest in international af
fairs.
The Roundtable will also he heard
over station KZSU, student station,

from 8:110 to 9 p.m. tomorrow.
George Velliotes, Stanford political
science student, is moderator of the
weekly series.
Dr. Frederic Spiegel berg, assistant
professor of Asiatic and Slavic stud
ies at Stanford, who has just re
turned from a trip to India, and
Medha Yodh, graduate student in
chemistry from India, will discuss
"Whi re Is India Going?" on the
Stanford Roundtable broadcast to
inorrow from 10:.*!() to 11 a.m. on
station KIBE.
The broadcast will be the second
in the series of round-table discus
sions sponsored by the Stanford In
stitute of International Relations,
an organization which co-ordinates
sutdent interest in international af
fairs.
The Roundtable will also he heard
over station KZSU, student station,

from 8:110 to 9 p.m. tomorrow.
George Velliotes, Stanford political
science student, is moderator of the
weekly series.
Dr. Frederic Spiegel berg, assistant
professor of Asiatic and Slavic stud
ies at Stanford, who has just re
turned from a trip to India, and
Medha Yodh, graduate student in
chemistry from India, will discuss
"Whi re Is India Going?" on the
Stanford Roundtable broadcast to
inorrow from 10:.*!() to 11 a.m. on
station KIBE.
The broadcast will be the second
in the series of round-table discus
sions sponsored by the Stanford In
stitute of International Relations,
an organization which co-ordinates
sutdent interest in international af
fairs.
The Roundtable will also he heard
over station KZSU, student station,

from 8:110 to 9 p.m. tomorrow.
George Velliotes, Stanford political
science student, is moderator of the
weekly series.
