# Farm Students to Host Horse Show Tomorrow
## 
### 
Stanford students will stage their
Fourth Annual Stanford Horse
Show at the Red Barn on the Uni
versity campus at 1:30 Saturday af
ternoon.
The show will be open to the
public without charge. Competi
tion among student riders will in
clude jumpers and jumping teams, a
stake race, a bareback relay race,
and demonstrations of riding abil
ity.
Stanford students will stage their
Fourth Annual Stanford Horse
Show at the Red Barn on the Uni
versity campus at 1:30 Saturday af
ternoon.
The show will be open to the
public without charge. Competi
tion among student riders will in
clude jumpers and jumping teams, a
stake race, a bareback relay race,
and demonstrations of riding abil
ity.
Stanford students will stage their
Fourth Annual Stanford Horse
Show at the Red Barn on the Uni
versity campus at 1:30 Saturday af
ternoon.
The show will be open to the
public without charge. Competi
tion among student riders will in
clude jumpers and jumping teams, a
stake race, a bareback relay race,
and demonstrations of riding abil
ity.
Stanford students will stage their
Fourth Annual Stanford Horse
Show at the Red Barn on the Uni
versity campus at 1:30 Saturday af
ternoon.
The show will be open to the
public without charge. Competi
tion among student riders will in
clude jumpers and jumping teams, a
stake race, a bareback relay race,
and demonstrations of riding abil
ity.
Stanford students will stage their
Fourth Annual Stanford Horse
Show at the Red Barn on the Uni
versity campus at 1:30 Saturday af
ternoon.
The show will be open to the
public without charge. Competi
tion among student riders will in
clude jumpers and jumping teams, a
stake race, a bareback relay race,
and demonstrations of riding abil
ity.
Stanford students will stage their
Fourth Annual Stanford Horse
Show at the Red Barn on the Uni
versity campus at 1:30 Saturday af
ternoon.
The show will be open to the
public without charge. Competi
tion among student riders will in
clude jumpers and jumping teams, a
stake race, a bareback relay race,
and demonstrations of riding abil
ity.
Stanford students will stage their
Fourth Annual Stanford Horse
Show at the Red Barn on the Uni
versity campus at 1:30 Saturday af
ternoon.
The show will be open to the
public without charge. Competi
tion among student riders will in
clude jumpers and jumping teams, a
stake race, a bareback relay race,
and demonstrations of riding abil
ity.
Stanford students will stage their
Fourth Annual Stanford Horse
Show at the Red Barn on the Uni
versity campus at 1:30 Saturday af
ternoon.
The show will be open to the
public without charge. Competi
tion among student riders will in
clude jumpers and jumping teams, a
stake race, a bareback relay race,
and demonstrations of riding abil
ity.
Stanford students will stage their
Fourth Annual Stanford Horse
Show at the Red Barn on the Uni
versity campus at 1:30 Saturday af
ternoon.
The show will be open to the
public without charge. Competi
tion among student riders will in
clude jumpers and jumping teams, a
stake race, a bareback relay race,
and demonstrations of riding abil
ity.
Stanford students will stage their
Fourth Annual Stanford Horse
Show at the Red Barn on the Uni
versity campus at 1:30 Saturday af
ternoon.
The show will be open to the
public without charge. Competi
tion among student riders will in
clude jumpers and jumping teams, a
stake race, a bareback relay race,
and demonstrations of riding abil
ity.
Stanford students will stage their
Fourth Annual Stanford Horse
Show at the Red Barn on the Uni
versity campus at 1:30 Saturday af
ternoon.
The show will be open to the
public without charge. Competi
tion among student riders will in
clude jumpers and jumping teams, a
stake race, a bareback relay race,
and demonstrations of riding abil
ity.
Stanford students will stage their
Fourth Annual Stanford Horse
Show at the Red Barn on the Uni
versity campus at 1:30 Saturday af
ternoon.
The show will be open to the
public without charge. Competi
tion among student riders will in
clude jumpers and jumping teams, a
stake race, a bareback relay race,
and demonstrations of riding abil
ity.
Stanford students will stage their
Fourth Annual Stanford Horse
Show at the Red Barn on the Uni
versity campus at 1:30 Saturday af
ternoon.
The show will be open to the
public without charge. Competi
tion among student riders will in
clude jumpers and jumping teams, a
stake race, a bareback relay race,
and demonstrations of riding abil
ity.
Stanford students will stage their
Fourth Annual Stanford Horse
Show at the Red Barn on the Uni
versity campus at 1:30 Saturday af
ternoon.
The show will be open to the
public without charge. Competi
tion among student riders will in
clude jumpers and jumping teams, a
stake race, a bareback relay race,
and demonstrations of riding abil
ity.
Stanford students will stage their
Fourth Annual Stanford Horse
Show at the Red Barn on the Uni
versity campus at 1:30 Saturday af
ternoon.
The show will be open to the
public without charge. Competi
tion among student riders will in
clude jumpers and jumping teams, a
stake race, a bareback relay race,
and demonstrations of riding abil
ity.
