# Instruments Disclose Earthquake Swarms in Mt. Hamilton Territory
## 
### 
Instruments have disclosed the fact
that there were more than 200 earth
quakes in a single day on Mt. Hamil
ton last August, and other "swarms"
have occurred at intervals during the
past year. They are spoken of as
â– "swarms" because they are so numer
ous and so small that they suggest
swarms of bees.
Their sting is not very intense, but
they show that the mountains are
moving and that sooner or later the
old earthquake dragon will wake up
and give the country another good
shaking.
These little earthquakes are only to
be observed by instruments which in
the past have been large and ex
pensive. Recently, under the auspices
of the Carnegie institution a cheap,
small form of instrument has been de
vised. It is probable that before long
they will be established in various
parts of California in such numbers
that it will be simple to keep track
of the elastic movements of the crust
of the earth.
