# MATRIMONY MERGES TWO ISLAM HOUSES
## 
### 
NICE, France, Nov. 12 (/P)—The
two mightiest houses of Islam were
linked today in a contract of mar
riage signed after prolonged nego
tiations in the down-al-the-heels
palace of Caracel.
The contract calls for the marriage
in December of Prince Azam Jah,
eldest son of the Nizam of Hydera
bad, and Princess Durai Shehvar,
daughter of the former Caliph at
Istanbul, and of Prince Moazzam
Jah, younger son of the Nizam, to
Nilufar Hanin Sultana, the former
Caliph's niece and granddaughter of
the late Turkish Sultan Mourad V.
NICE, France, Nov. 12 (/P)—The
two mightiest houses of Islam were
linked today in a contract of mar
riage signed after prolonged nego
tiations in the down-al-the-heels
palace of Caracel.
The contract calls for the marriage
in December of Prince Azam Jah,
eldest son of the Nizam of Hydera
bad, and Princess Durai Shehvar,
daughter of the former Caliph at
Istanbul, and of Prince Moazzam
Jah, younger son of the Nizam, to
Nilufar Hanin Sultana, the former
Caliph's niece and granddaughter of
the late Turkish Sultan Mourad V.
NICE, France, Nov. 12 (/P)—The
two mightiest houses of Islam were
linked today in a contract of mar
riage signed after prolonged nego
tiations in the down-al-the-heels
palace of Caracel.
The contract calls for the marriage
in December of Prince Azam Jah,
eldest son of the Nizam of Hydera
bad, and Princess Durai Shehvar,
daughter of the former Caliph at
Istanbul, and of Prince Moazzam
Jah, younger son of the Nizam, to
Nilufar Hanin Sultana, the former
Caliph's niece and granddaughter of
the late Turkish Sultan Mourad V.
NICE, France, Nov. 12 (/P)—The
two mightiest houses of Islam were
linked today in a contract of mar
riage signed after prolonged nego
tiations in the down-al-the-heels
palace of Caracel.
The contract calls for the marriage
in December of Prince Azam Jah,
eldest son of the Nizam of Hydera
bad, and Princess Durai Shehvar,
daughter of the former Caliph at
Istanbul, and of Prince Moazzam
Jah, younger son of the Nizam, to
Nilufar Hanin Sultana, the former
Caliph's niece and granddaughter of
the late Turkish Sultan Mourad V.
NICE, France, Nov. 12 (/P)—The
two mightiest houses of Islam were
linked today in a contract of mar
riage signed after prolonged nego
tiations in the down-al-the-heels
palace of Caracel.
The contract calls for the marriage
in December of Prince Azam Jah,
eldest son of the Nizam of Hydera
bad, and Princess Durai Shehvar,
daughter of the former Caliph at
Istanbul, and of Prince Moazzam
Jah, younger son of the Nizam, to
Nilufar Hanin Sultana, the former
Caliph's niece and granddaughter of
the late Turkish Sultan Mourad V.
NICE, France, Nov. 12 (/P)—The
two mightiest houses of Islam were
linked today in a contract of mar
riage signed after prolonged nego
tiations in the down-al-the-heels
palace of Caracel.
The contract calls for the marriage
in December of Prince Azam Jah,
eldest son of the Nizam of Hydera
bad, and Princess Durai Shehvar,
daughter of the former Caliph at
Istanbul, and of Prince Moazzam
Jah, younger son of the Nizam, to
Nilufar Hanin Sultana, the former
Caliph's niece and granddaughter of
the late Turkish Sultan Mourad V.
NICE, France, Nov. 12 (/P)—The
two mightiest houses of Islam were
linked today in a contract of mar
riage signed after prolonged nego
tiations in the down-al-the-heels
palace of Caracel.
The contract calls for the marriage
in December of Prince Azam Jah,
eldest son of the Nizam of Hydera
bad, and Princess Durai Shehvar,
daughter of the former Caliph at
Istanbul, and of Prince Moazzam
Jah, younger son of the Nizam, to
Nilufar Hanin Sultana, the former
Caliph's niece and granddaughter of
the late Turkish Sultan Mourad V.
NICE, France, Nov. 12 (/P)—The
two mightiest houses of Islam were
linked today in a contract of mar
riage signed after prolonged nego
tiations in the down-al-the-heels
palace of Caracel.
The contract calls for the marriage
in December of Prince Azam Jah,
eldest son of the Nizam of Hydera
bad, and Princess Durai Shehvar,
daughter of the former Caliph at
Istanbul, and of Prince Moazzam
Jah, younger son of the Nizam, to
Nilufar Hanin Sultana, the former
Caliph's niece and granddaughter of
the late Turkish Sultan Mourad V.
NICE, France, Nov. 12 (/P)—The
two mightiest houses of Islam were
linked today in a contract of mar
riage signed after prolonged nego
tiations in the down-al-the-heels
palace of Caracel.
The contract calls for the marriage
in December of Prince Azam Jah,
eldest son of the Nizam of Hydera
bad, and Princess Durai Shehvar,
daughter of the former Caliph at
Istanbul, and of Prince Moazzam
Jah, younger son of the Nizam, to
Nilufar Hanin Sultana, the former
Caliph's niece and granddaughter of
the late Turkish Sultan Mourad V.
NICE, France, Nov. 12 (/P)—The
two mightiest houses of Islam were
linked today in a contract of mar
riage signed after prolonged nego
tiations in the down-al-the-heels
palace of Caracel.
The contract calls for the marriage
in December of Prince Azam Jah,
eldest son of the Nizam of Hydera
bad, and Princess Durai Shehvar,
daughter of the former Caliph at
Istanbul, and of Prince Moazzam
Jah, younger son of the Nizam, to
Nilufar Hanin Sultana, the former
Caliph's niece and granddaughter of
the late Turkish Sultan Mourad V.
NICE, France, Nov. 12 (/P)—The
two mightiest houses of Islam were
linked today in a contract of mar
riage signed after prolonged nego
tiations in the down-al-the-heels
palace of Caracel.
The contract calls for the marriage
in December of Prince Azam Jah,
eldest son of the Nizam of Hydera
bad, and Princess Durai Shehvar,
daughter of the former Caliph at
Istanbul, and of Prince Moazzam
Jah, younger son of the Nizam, to
Nilufar Hanin Sultana, the former
Caliph's niece and granddaughter of
the late Turkish Sultan Mourad V.
NICE, France, Nov. 12 (/P)—The
two mightiest houses of Islam were
linked today in a contract of mar
riage signed after prolonged nego
tiations in the down-al-the-heels
palace of Caracel.
The contract calls for the marriage
in December of Prince Azam Jah,
eldest son of the Nizam of Hydera
bad, and Princess Durai Shehvar,
daughter of the former Caliph at
Istanbul, and of Prince Moazzam
Jah, younger son of the Nizam, to
Nilufar Hanin Sultana, the former
Caliph's niece and granddaughter of
the late Turkish Sultan Mourad V.
NICE, France, Nov. 12 (/P)—The
two mightiest houses of Islam were
linked today in a contract of mar
riage signed after prolonged nego
tiations in the down-al-the-heels
palace of Caracel.
The contract calls for the marriage
in December of Prince Azam Jah,
eldest son of the Nizam of Hydera
bad, and Princess Durai Shehvar,
daughter of the former Caliph at
Istanbul, and of Prince Moazzam
Jah, younger son of the Nizam, to
Nilufar Hanin Sultana, the former
Caliph's niece and granddaughter of
the late Turkish Sultan Mourad V.
NICE, France, Nov. 12 (/P)—The
two mightiest houses of Islam were
linked today in a contract of mar
riage signed after prolonged nego
tiations in the down-al-the-heels
palace of Caracel.
The contract calls for the marriage
in December of Prince Azam Jah,
eldest son of the Nizam of Hydera
bad, and Princess Durai Shehvar,
daughter of the former Caliph at
Istanbul, and of Prince Moazzam
Jah, younger son of the Nizam, to
Nilufar Hanin Sultana, the former
Caliph's niece and granddaughter of
the late Turkish Sultan Mourad V.
NICE, France, Nov. 12 (/P)—The
two mightiest houses of Islam were
linked today in a contract of mar
riage signed after prolonged nego
tiations in the down-al-the-heels
palace of Caracel.
The contract calls for the marriage
in December of Prince Azam Jah,
eldest son of the Nizam of Hydera
bad, and Princess Durai Shehvar,
daughter of the former Caliph at
Istanbul, and of Prince Moazzam
Jah, younger son of the Nizam, to
Nilufar Hanin Sultana, the former
Caliph's niece and granddaughter of
the late Turkish Sultan Mourad V.
