# FORTY-ONE, LUCKY NUMBER OF NEW FROSH PRESIDENT
## 
### 
I
Propitious numbers bring
prosperous days to lucky (that
moans propitious loo) people.
Disregarding the above, pay
heed to the fact that Aylett
Cotton in winning the frosh
primaries for the yearling pres
idency received 41 votes, the
number which has adorned his
jersey throughout the frosh
football season.
This digit has been Cotton's
"lucky star" for quite some
time, having seen an excellent
season this year already on the
receiving end of several passes.
He has not yet learned whether
or not he will late a "41" sweat
shirt in track next spring, but
has high hopes.
I
Propitious numbers bring
prosperous days to lucky (that
moans propitious loo) people.
Disregarding the above, pay
heed to the fact that Aylett
Cotton in winning the frosh
primaries for the yearling pres
idency received 41 votes, the
number which has adorned his
jersey throughout the frosh
football season.
This digit has been Cotton's
"lucky star" for quite some
time, having seen an excellent
season this year already on the
receiving end of several passes.
He has not yet learned whether
or not he will late a "41" sweat
shirt in track next spring, but
has high hopes.
I
Propitious numbers bring
prosperous days to lucky (that
moans propitious loo) people.
Disregarding the above, pay
heed to the fact that Aylett
Cotton in winning the frosh
primaries for the yearling pres
idency received 41 votes, the
number which has adorned his
jersey throughout the frosh
football season.
This digit has been Cotton's
"lucky star" for quite some
time, having seen an excellent
season this year already on the
receiving end of several passes.
He has not yet learned whether
or not he will late a "41" sweat
shirt in track next spring, but
has high hopes.
I
Propitious numbers bring
prosperous days to lucky (that
moans propitious loo) people.
Disregarding the above, pay
heed to the fact that Aylett
Cotton in winning the frosh
primaries for the yearling pres
idency received 41 votes, the
number which has adorned his
jersey throughout the frosh
football season.
This digit has been Cotton's
"lucky star" for quite some
time, having seen an excellent
season this year already on the
receiving end of several passes.
He has not yet learned whether
or not he will late a "41" sweat
shirt in track next spring, but
has high hopes.
I
Propitious numbers bring
prosperous days to lucky (that
moans propitious loo) people.
Disregarding the above, pay
heed to the fact that Aylett
Cotton in winning the frosh
primaries for the yearling pres
idency received 41 votes, the
number which has adorned his
jersey throughout the frosh
football season.
This digit has been Cotton's
"lucky star" for quite some
time, having seen an excellent
season this year already on the
receiving end of several passes.
He has not yet learned whether
or not he will late a "41" sweat
shirt in track next spring, but
has high hopes.
I
Propitious numbers bring
prosperous days to lucky (that
moans propitious loo) people.
Disregarding the above, pay
heed to the fact that Aylett
Cotton in winning the frosh
primaries for the yearling pres
idency received 41 votes, the
number which has adorned his
jersey throughout the frosh
football season.
This digit has been Cotton's
"lucky star" for quite some
time, having seen an excellent
season this year already on the
receiving end of several passes.
He has not yet learned whether
or not he will late a "41" sweat
shirt in track next spring, but
has high hopes.
I
Propitious numbers bring
prosperous days to lucky (that
moans propitious loo) people.
Disregarding the above, pay
heed to the fact that Aylett
Cotton in winning the frosh
primaries for the yearling pres
idency received 41 votes, the
number which has adorned his
jersey throughout the frosh
football season.
This digit has been Cotton's
"lucky star" for quite some
time, having seen an excellent
season this year already on the
receiving end of several passes.
He has not yet learned whether
or not he will late a "41" sweat
shirt in track next spring, but
has high hopes.
I
Propitious numbers bring
prosperous days to lucky (that
moans propitious loo) people.
Disregarding the above, pay
heed to the fact that Aylett
Cotton in winning the frosh
primaries for the yearling pres
idency received 41 votes, the
number which has adorned his
jersey throughout the frosh
football season.
This digit has been Cotton's
"lucky star" for quite some
time, having seen an excellent
season this year already on the
receiving end of several passes.
He has not yet learned whether
or not he will late a "41" sweat
shirt in track next spring, but
has high hopes.
I
Propitious numbers bring
prosperous days to lucky (that
moans propitious loo) people.
Disregarding the above, pay
heed to the fact that Aylett
Cotton in winning the frosh
primaries for the yearling pres
idency received 41 votes, the
number which has adorned his
jersey throughout the frosh
football season.
This digit has been Cotton's
"lucky star" for quite some
time, having seen an excellent
season this year already on the
receiving end of several passes.
He has not yet learned whether
or not he will late a "41" sweat
shirt in track next spring, but
has high hopes.
I
Propitious numbers bring
prosperous days to lucky (that
moans propitious loo) people.
Disregarding the above, pay
heed to the fact that Aylett
Cotton in winning the frosh
primaries for the yearling pres
idency received 41 votes, the
number which has adorned his
jersey throughout the frosh
football season.
This digit has been Cotton's
"lucky star" for quite some
time, having seen an excellent
season this year already on the
receiving end of several passes.
He has not yet learned whether
or not he will late a "41" sweat
shirt in track next spring, but
has high hopes.
I
Propitious numbers bring
prosperous days to lucky (that
moans propitious loo) people.
Disregarding the above, pay
heed to the fact that Aylett
Cotton in winning the frosh
primaries for the yearling pres
idency received 41 votes, the
number which has adorned his
jersey throughout the frosh
football season.
This digit has been Cotton's
"lucky star" for quite some
time, having seen an excellent
season this year already on the
receiving end of several passes.
He has not yet learned whether
or not he will late a "41" sweat
shirt in track next spring, but
has high hopes.
I
Propitious numbers bring
prosperous days to lucky (that
moans propitious loo) people.
Disregarding the above, pay
heed to the fact that Aylett
Cotton in winning the frosh
primaries for the yearling pres
idency received 41 votes, the
number which has adorned his
jersey throughout the frosh
football season.
This digit has been Cotton's
"lucky star" for quite some
time, having seen an excellent
season this year already on the
receiving end of several passes.
He has not yet learned whether
or not he will late a "41" sweat
shirt in track next spring, but
has high hopes.
I
Propitious numbers bring
prosperous days to lucky (that
moans propitious loo) people.
Disregarding the above, pay
heed to the fact that Aylett
Cotton in winning the frosh
primaries for the yearling pres
idency received 41 votes, the
number which has adorned his
jersey throughout the frosh
football season.
This digit has been Cotton's
"lucky star" for quite some
time, having seen an excellent
season this year already on the
receiving end of several passes.
He has not yet learned whether
or not he will late a "41" sweat
shirt in track next spring, but
has high hopes.
I
Propitious numbers bring
prosperous days to lucky (that
moans propitious loo) people.
Disregarding the above, pay
heed to the fact that Aylett
Cotton in winning the frosh
primaries for the yearling pres
idency received 41 votes, the
number which has adorned his
jersey throughout the frosh
football season.
This digit has been Cotton's
"lucky star" for quite some
time, having seen an excellent
season this year already on the
receiving end of several passes.
He has not yet learned whether
or not he will late a "41" sweat
shirt in track next spring, but
has high hopes.
I
Propitious numbers bring
prosperous days to lucky (that
moans propitious loo) people.
Disregarding the above, pay
heed to the fact that Aylett
Cotton in winning the frosh
primaries for the yearling pres
idency received 41 votes, the
number which has adorned his
jersey throughout the frosh
football season.
This digit has been Cotton's
"lucky star" for quite some
time, having seen an excellent
season this year already on the
receiving end of several passes.
He has not yet learned whether
or not he will late a "41" sweat
shirt in track next spring, but
has high hopes.
