# HOOVER ENTERTAINS 1894 CARDINALS AT WHITE HOUSE DINNER
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12. (/Pi â€” A
famous football team of the nineties
lined up again tonight with Presi
dent Hoover as its center, and the
White House dining table the grid
iron for its story-swapping play.
The team was the 1894 varsity of
Leland Stanford University. The
man now chief executive of the
NaLion, but to them "Bert" Hoover,
was its financial manager, and the
invitation for a reunion was his.
There was multifold tales to be
retold as the team, many now white
haired, gathered about a White
House dinner table decorated with,
red and whita chrysanthemums, the
Stanford colors, with a band to play
the Stanford football airs of thirty
seven years ago.
There are 13,988 newspapers pub
lished in the United States and ter
ritories. Of these, only 2.299 are
dailies.
