# Halls Introduce Nominees Tonight
## 
### 
Hall candidates for all student
body ofiices will be introduced to
night at a combined Toyon-Branner
smoker in Toyon lobby at 9:30, ac
cording to John Parker, El Capitan,
Toyon president, and Herb Casey, El
Tigre, Branner president.
Candidates who have not already
informed Parker and Casey of their
intention to run are requested to do
so today so that they may be intro
duced with the others tonight.
In addition to the introduction of
hall candidates, a plan will be an
nounced by the presidents for sell
ing defence stamps in the halls. En
tertainment has been arranged by
Bud Abbott, El Campo, and refresh
ments are being handled by Don
Craig, El Capitan, and Stan Cook,
El Toro.
Hall candidates for all student
body ofiices will be introduced to
night at a combined Toyon-Branner
smoker in Toyon lobby at 9:30, ac
cording to John Parker, El Capitan,
Toyon president, and Herb Casey, El
Tigre, Branner president.
Candidates who have not already
informed Parker and Casey of their
intention to run are requested to do
so today so that they may be intro
duced with the others tonight.
In addition to the introduction of
hall candidates, a plan will be an
nounced by the presidents for sell
ing defence stamps in the halls. En
tertainment has been arranged by
Bud Abbott, El Campo, and refresh
ments are being handled by Don
Craig, El Capitan, and Stan Cook,
El Toro.
Hall candidates for all student
body ofiices will be introduced to
night at a combined Toyon-Branner
smoker in Toyon lobby at 9:30, ac
cording to John Parker, El Capitan,
Toyon president, and Herb Casey, El
Tigre, Branner president.
Candidates who have not already
informed Parker and Casey of their
intention to run are requested to do
so today so that they may be intro
duced with the others tonight.
In addition to the introduction of
hall candidates, a plan will be an
nounced by the presidents for sell
ing defence stamps in the halls. En
tertainment has been arranged by
Bud Abbott, El Campo, and refresh
ments are being handled by Don
Craig, El Capitan, and Stan Cook,
El Toro.
Hall candidates for all student
body ofiices will be introduced to
night at a combined Toyon-Branner
smoker in Toyon lobby at 9:30, ac
cording to John Parker, El Capitan,
Toyon president, and Herb Casey, El
Tigre, Branner president.
Candidates who have not already
informed Parker and Casey of their
intention to run are requested to do
so today so that they may be intro
duced with the others tonight.
In addition to the introduction of
hall candidates, a plan will be an
nounced by the presidents for sell
ing defence stamps in the halls. En
tertainment has been arranged by
Bud Abbott, El Campo, and refresh
ments are being handled by Don
Craig, El Capitan, and Stan Cook,
El Toro.
Hall candidates for all student
body ofiices will be introduced to
night at a combined Toyon-Branner
smoker in Toyon lobby at 9:30, ac
cording to John Parker, El Capitan,
Toyon president, and Herb Casey, El
Tigre, Branner president.
Candidates who have not already
informed Parker and Casey of their
intention to run are requested to do
so today so that they may be intro
duced with the others tonight.
In addition to the introduction of
hall candidates, a plan will be an
nounced by the presidents for sell
ing defence stamps in the halls. En
tertainment has been arranged by
Bud Abbott, El Campo, and refresh
ments are being handled by Don
Craig, El Capitan, and Stan Cook,
El Toro.
Hall candidates for all student
body ofiices will be introduced to
night at a combined Toyon-Branner
smoker in Toyon lobby at 9:30, ac
cording to John Parker, El Capitan,
Toyon president, and Herb Casey, El
Tigre, Branner president.
Candidates who have not already
informed Parker and Casey of their
intention to run are requested to do
so today so that they may be intro
duced with the others tonight.
In addition to the introduction of
hall candidates, a plan will be an
nounced by the presidents for sell
ing defence stamps in the halls. En
tertainment has been arranged by
Bud Abbott, El Campo, and refresh
ments are being handled by Don
Craig, El Capitan, and Stan Cook,
El Toro.
Hall candidates for all student
body ofiices will be introduced to
night at a combined Toyon-Branner
smoker in Toyon lobby at 9:30, ac
cording to John Parker, El Capitan,
Toyon president, and Herb Casey, El
Tigre, Branner president.
Candidates who have not already
informed Parker and Casey of their
intention to run are requested to do
so today so that they may be intro
duced with the others tonight.
In addition to the introduction of
hall candidates, a plan will be an
nounced by the presidents for sell
ing defence stamps in the halls. En
tertainment has been arranged by
Bud Abbott, El Campo, and refresh
ments are being handled by Don
Craig, El Capitan, and Stan Cook,
El Toro.
Hall candidates for all student
body ofiices will be introduced to
night at a combined Toyon-Branner
smoker in Toyon lobby at 9:30, ac
cording to John Parker, El Capitan,
Toyon president, and Herb Casey, El
Tigre, Branner president.
Candidates who have not already
informed Parker and Casey of their
intention to run are requested to do
so today so that they may be intro
duced with the others tonight.
In addition to the introduction of
hall candidates, a plan will be an
nounced by the presidents for sell
ing defence stamps in the halls. En
tertainment has been arranged by
Bud Abbott, El Campo, and refresh
ments are being handled by Don
Craig, El Capitan, and Stan Cook,
El Toro.
Hall candidates for all student
body ofiices will be introduced to
night at a combined Toyon-Branner
smoker in Toyon lobby at 9:30, ac
cording to John Parker, El Capitan,
Toyon president, and Herb Casey, El
Tigre, Branner president.
Candidates who have not already
informed Parker and Casey of their
intention to run are requested to do
so today so that they may be intro
duced with the others tonight.
In addition to the introduction of
hall candidates, a plan will be an
nounced by the presidents for sell
ing defence stamps in the halls. En
tertainment has been arranged by
Bud Abbott, El Campo, and refresh
ments are being handled by Don
Craig, El Capitan, and Stan Cook,
El Toro.
Hall candidates for all student
body ofiices will be introduced to
night at a combined Toyon-Branner
smoker in Toyon lobby at 9:30, ac
cording to John Parker, El Capitan,
Toyon president, and Herb Casey, El
Tigre, Branner president.
Candidates who have not already
informed Parker and Casey of their
intention to run are requested to do
so today so that they may be intro
duced with the others tonight.
In addition to the introduction of
hall candidates, a plan will be an
nounced by the presidents for sell
ing defence stamps in the halls. En
tertainment has been arranged by
Bud Abbott, El Campo, and refresh
ments are being handled by Don
Craig, El Capitan, and Stan Cook,
El Toro.
Hall candidates for all student
body ofiices will be introduced to
night at a combined Toyon-Branner
smoker in Toyon lobby at 9:30, ac
cording to John Parker, El Capitan,
Toyon president, and Herb Casey, El
Tigre, Branner president.
Candidates who have not already
informed Parker and Casey of their
intention to run are requested to do
so today so that they may be intro
duced with the others tonight.
In addition to the introduction of
hall candidates, a plan will be an
nounced by the presidents for sell
ing defence stamps in the halls. En
tertainment has been arranged by
Bud Abbott, El Campo, and refresh
ments are being handled by Don
Craig, El Capitan, and Stan Cook,
El Toro.
Hall candidates for all student
body ofiices will be introduced to
night at a combined Toyon-Branner
smoker in Toyon lobby at 9:30, ac
cording to John Parker, El Capitan,
Toyon president, and Herb Casey, El
Tigre, Branner president.
Candidates who have not already
informed Parker and Casey of their
intention to run are requested to do
so today so that they may be intro
duced with the others tonight.
In addition to the introduction of
hall candidates, a plan will be an
nounced by the presidents for sell
ing defence stamps in the halls. En
tertainment has been arranged by
Bud Abbott, El Campo, and refresh
ments are being handled by Don
Craig, El Capitan, and Stan Cook,
El Toro.
Hall candidates for all student
body ofiices will be introduced to
night at a combined Toyon-Branner
smoker in Toyon lobby at 9:30, ac
cording to John Parker, El Capitan,
Toyon president, and Herb Casey, El
Tigre, Branner president.
Candidates who have not already
informed Parker and Casey of their
intention to run are requested to do
so today so that they may be intro
duced with the others tonight.
In addition to the introduction of
hall candidates, a plan will be an
nounced by the presidents for sell
ing defence stamps in the halls. En
tertainment has been arranged by
Bud Abbott, El Campo, and refresh
ments are being handled by Don
Craig, El Capitan, and Stan Cook,
El Toro.
Hall candidates for all student
body ofiices will be introduced to
night at a combined Toyon-Branner
smoker in Toyon lobby at 9:30, ac
cording to John Parker, El Capitan,
Toyon president, and Herb Casey, El
Tigre, Branner president.
Candidates who have not already
informed Parker and Casey of their
intention to run are requested to do
so today so that they may be intro
duced with the others tonight.
In addition to the introduction of
hall candidates, a plan will be an
nounced by the presidents for sell
ing defence stamps in the halls. En
tertainment has been arranged by
Bud Abbott, El Campo, and refresh
ments are being handled by Don
Craig, El Capitan, and Stan Cook,
El Toro.
Hall candidates for all student
body ofiices will be introduced to
night at a combined Toyon-Branner
smoker in Toyon lobby at 9:30, ac
cording to John Parker, El Capitan,
Toyon president, and Herb Casey, El
Tigre, Branner president.
Candidates who have not already
informed Parker and Casey of their
intention to run are requested to do
so today so that they may be intro
duced with the others tonight.
In addition to the introduction of
hall candidates, a plan will be an
nounced by the presidents for sell
ing defence stamps in the halls. En
tertainment has been arranged by
Bud Abbott, El Campo, and refresh
ments are being handled by Don
Craig, El Capitan, and Stan Cook,
El Toro.
Hall candidates for all student
body ofiices will be introduced to
night at a combined Toyon-Branner
smoker in Toyon lobby at 9:30, ac
cording to John Parker, El Capitan,
Toyon president, and Herb Casey, El
Tigre, Branner president.
Candidates who have not already
informed Parker and Casey of their
intention to run are requested to do
so today so that they may be intro
duced with the others tonight.
In addition to the introduction of
hall candidates, a plan will be an
nounced by the presidents for sell
ing defence stamps in the halls. En
tertainment has been arranged by
Bud Abbott, El Campo, and refresh
ments are being handled by Don
Craig, El Capitan, and Stan Cook,
El Toro.
Hall candidates for all student
body ofiices will be introduced to
night at a combined Toyon-Branner
smoker in Toyon lobby at 9:30, ac
cording to John Parker, El Capitan,
Toyon president, and Herb Casey, El
Tigre, Branner president.
Candidates who have not already
informed Parker and Casey of their
intention to run are requested to do
so today so that they may be intro
duced with the others tonight.
In addition to the introduction of
hall candidates, a plan will be an
nounced by the presidents for sell
ing defence stamps in the halls. En
tertainment has been arranged by
Bud Abbott, El Campo, and refresh
ments are being handled by Don
Craig, El Capitan, and Stan Cook,
El Toro.
Hall candidates for all student
body ofiices will be introduced to
night at a combined Toyon-Branner
smoker in Toyon lobby at 9:30, ac
cording to John Parker, El Capitan,
Toyon president, and Herb Casey, El
Tigre, Branner president.
Candidates who have not already
informed Parker and Casey of their
intention to run are requested to do
so today so that they may be intro
duced with the others tonight.
In addition to the introduction of
hall candidates, a plan will be an
nounced by the presidents for sell
ing defence stamps in the halls. En
tertainment has been arranged by
Bud Abbott, El Campo, and refresh
ments are being handled by Don
Craig, El Capitan, and Stan Cook,
El Toro.
