# Volunteers Asked For Registration
## 
### 
Volunteer registrars are needed to
help in signing up the men be
tween 45 and 65 on April 25, 26
and 27, included under the selective
service act, stated George Morcll,
registrar in charge. Men and women
arc asked to volunteer their services
at the Chamber of Commerce, Palo
Alto 2-1955.
The Palo Alto registration station
at the Boy Scout Hall, Community
Center, will be open during the en
tire three-day period. The stations
at Lytton School and the Mayfield
School will be open only on Satur
day, April 25. Los Altos and Moun
tain View will be operated for the
three days. Stanford will have no
station.
Approximately 3,500 men will reg
ister from this area, estimated Palo
Alto selective service officials.
Volunteer registrars are needed to
help in signing up the men be
tween 45 and 65 on April 25, 26
and 27, included under the selective
service act, stated George Morcll,
registrar in charge. Men and women
arc asked to volunteer their services
at the Chamber of Commerce, Palo
Alto 2-1955.
The Palo Alto registration station
at the Boy Scout Hall, Community
Center, will be open during the en
tire three-day period. The stations
at Lytton School and the Mayfield
School will be open only on Satur
day, April 25. Los Altos and Moun
tain View will be operated for the
three days. Stanford will have no
station.
Approximately 3,500 men will reg
ister from this area, estimated Palo
Alto selective service officials.
Volunteer registrars are needed to
help in signing up the men be
tween 45 and 65 on April 25, 26
and 27, included under the selective
service act, stated George Morcll,
registrar in charge. Men and women
arc asked to volunteer their services
at the Chamber of Commerce, Palo
Alto 2-1955.
The Palo Alto registration station
at the Boy Scout Hall, Community
Center, will be open during the en
tire three-day period. The stations
at Lytton School and the Mayfield
School will be open only on Satur
day, April 25. Los Altos and Moun
tain View will be operated for the
three days. Stanford will have no
station.
Approximately 3,500 men will reg
ister from this area, estimated Palo
Alto selective service officials.
Volunteer registrars are needed to
help in signing up the men be
tween 45 and 65 on April 25, 26
and 27, included under the selective
service act, stated George Morcll,
registrar in charge. Men and women
arc asked to volunteer their services
at the Chamber of Commerce, Palo
Alto 2-1955.
The Palo Alto registration station
at the Boy Scout Hall, Community
Center, will be open during the en
tire three-day period. The stations
at Lytton School and the Mayfield
School will be open only on Satur
day, April 25. Los Altos and Moun
tain View will be operated for the
three days. Stanford will have no
station.
Approximately 3,500 men will reg
ister from this area, estimated Palo
Alto selective service officials.
Volunteer registrars are needed to
help in signing up the men be
tween 45 and 65 on April 25, 26
and 27, included under the selective
service act, stated George Morcll,
registrar in charge. Men and women
arc asked to volunteer their services
at the Chamber of Commerce, Palo
Alto 2-1955.
The Palo Alto registration station
at the Boy Scout Hall, Community
Center, will be open during the en
tire three-day period. The stations
at Lytton School and the Mayfield
School will be open only on Satur
day, April 25. Los Altos and Moun
tain View will be operated for the
three days. Stanford will have no
station.
Approximately 3,500 men will reg
ister from this area, estimated Palo
Alto selective service officials.
Volunteer registrars are needed to
help in signing up the men be
tween 45 and 65 on April 25, 26
and 27, included under the selective
service act, stated George Morcll,
registrar in charge. Men and women
arc asked to volunteer their services
at the Chamber of Commerce, Palo
Alto 2-1955.
The Palo Alto registration station
at the Boy Scout Hall, Community
Center, will be open during the en
tire three-day period. The stations
at Lytton School and the Mayfield
School will be open only on Satur
day, April 25. Los Altos and Moun
tain View will be operated for the
three days. Stanford will have no
station.
Approximately 3,500 men will reg
ister from this area, estimated Palo
Alto selective service officials.
Volunteer registrars are needed to
help in signing up the men be
tween 45 and 65 on April 25, 26
and 27, included under the selective
service act, stated George Morcll,
registrar in charge. Men and women
arc asked to volunteer their services
at the Chamber of Commerce, Palo
Alto 2-1955.
The Palo Alto registration station
at the Boy Scout Hall, Community
Center, will be open during the en
tire three-day period. The stations
at Lytton School and the Mayfield
School will be open only on Satur
day, April 25. Los Altos and Moun
tain View will be operated for the
three days. Stanford will have no
station.
Approximately 3,500 men will reg
ister from this area, estimated Palo
Alto selective service officials.
Volunteer registrars are needed to
help in signing up the men be
tween 45 and 65 on April 25, 26
and 27, included under the selective
service act, stated George Morcll,
registrar in charge. Men and women
arc asked to volunteer their services
at the Chamber of Commerce, Palo
Alto 2-1955.
The Palo Alto registration station
at the Boy Scout Hall, Community
Center, will be open during the en
tire three-day period. The stations
at Lytton School and the Mayfield
School will be open only on Satur
day, April 25. Los Altos and Moun
tain View will be operated for the
three days. Stanford will have no
station.
Approximately 3,500 men will reg
ister from this area, estimated Palo
Alto selective service officials.
Volunteer registrars are needed to
help in signing up the men be
tween 45 and 65 on April 25, 26
and 27, included under the selective
service act, stated George Morcll,
registrar in charge. Men and women
arc asked to volunteer their services
at the Chamber of Commerce, Palo
Alto 2-1955.
The Palo Alto registration station
at the Boy Scout Hall, Community
Center, will be open during the en
tire three-day period. The stations
at Lytton School and the Mayfield
School will be open only on Satur
day, April 25. Los Altos and Moun
tain View will be operated for the
three days. Stanford will have no
station.
Approximately 3,500 men will reg
ister from this area, estimated Palo
Alto selective service officials.
Volunteer registrars are needed to
help in signing up the men be
tween 45 and 65 on April 25, 26
and 27, included under the selective
service act, stated George Morcll,
registrar in charge. Men and women
arc asked to volunteer their services
at the Chamber of Commerce, Palo
Alto 2-1955.
The Palo Alto registration station
at the Boy Scout Hall, Community
Center, will be open during the en
tire three-day period. The stations
at Lytton School and the Mayfield
School will be open only on Satur
day, April 25. Los Altos and Moun
tain View will be operated for the
three days. Stanford will have no
station.
Approximately 3,500 men will reg
ister from this area, estimated Palo
Alto selective service officials.
Volunteer registrars are needed to
help in signing up the men be
tween 45 and 65 on April 25, 26
and 27, included under the selective
service act, stated George Morcll,
registrar in charge. Men and women
arc asked to volunteer their services
at the Chamber of Commerce, Palo
Alto 2-1955.
The Palo Alto registration station
at the Boy Scout Hall, Community
Center, will be open during the en
tire three-day period. The stations
at Lytton School and the Mayfield
School will be open only on Satur
day, April 25. Los Altos and Moun
tain View will be operated for the
three days. Stanford will have no
station.
Approximately 3,500 men will reg
ister from this area, estimated Palo
Alto selective service officials.
Volunteer registrars are needed to
help in signing up the men be
tween 45 and 65 on April 25, 26
and 27, included under the selective
service act, stated George Morcll,
registrar in charge. Men and women
arc asked to volunteer their services
at the Chamber of Commerce, Palo
Alto 2-1955.
The Palo Alto registration station
at the Boy Scout Hall, Community
Center, will be open during the en
tire three-day period. The stations
at Lytton School and the Mayfield
School will be open only on Satur
day, April 25. Los Altos and Moun
tain View will be operated for the
three days. Stanford will have no
station.
Approximately 3,500 men will reg
ister from this area, estimated Palo
Alto selective service officials.
Volunteer registrars are needed to
help in signing up the men be
tween 45 and 65 on April 25, 26
and 27, included under the selective
service act, stated George Morcll,
registrar in charge. Men and women
arc asked to volunteer their services
at the Chamber of Commerce, Palo
Alto 2-1955.
The Palo Alto registration station
at the Boy Scout Hall, Community
Center, will be open during the en
tire three-day period. The stations
at Lytton School and the Mayfield
School will be open only on Satur
day, April 25. Los Altos and Moun
tain View will be operated for the
three days. Stanford will have no
station.
Approximately 3,500 men will reg
ister from this area, estimated Palo
Alto selective service officials.
Volunteer registrars are needed to
help in signing up the men be
tween 45 and 65 on April 25, 26
and 27, included under the selective
service act, stated George Morcll,
registrar in charge. Men and women
arc asked to volunteer their services
at the Chamber of Commerce, Palo
Alto 2-1955.
The Palo Alto registration station
at the Boy Scout Hall, Community
Center, will be open during the en
tire three-day period. The stations
at Lytton School and the Mayfield
School will be open only on Satur
day, April 25. Los Altos and Moun
tain View will be operated for the
three days. Stanford will have no
station.
Approximately 3,500 men will reg
ister from this area, estimated Palo
Alto selective service officials.
Volunteer registrars are needed to
help in signing up the men be
tween 45 and 65 on April 25, 26
and 27, included under the selective
service act, stated George Morcll,
registrar in charge. Men and women
arc asked to volunteer their services
at the Chamber of Commerce, Palo
Alto 2-1955.
The Palo Alto registration station
at the Boy Scout Hall, Community
Center, will be open during the en
tire three-day period. The stations
at Lytton School and the Mayfield
School will be open only on Satur
day, April 25. Los Altos and Moun
tain View will be operated for the
three days. Stanford will have no
station.
Approximately 3,500 men will reg
ister from this area, estimated Palo
Alto selective service officials.
Volunteer registrars are needed to
help in signing up the men be
tween 45 and 65 on April 25, 26
and 27, included under the selective
service act, stated George Morcll,
registrar in charge. Men and women
arc asked to volunteer their services
at the Chamber of Commerce, Palo
Alto 2-1955.
The Palo Alto registration station
at the Boy Scout Hall, Community
Center, will be open during the en
tire three-day period. The stations
at Lytton School and the Mayfield
School will be open only on Satur
day, April 25. Los Altos and Moun
tain View will be operated for the
three days. Stanford will have no
station.
Approximately 3,500 men will reg
ister from this area, estimated Palo
Alto selective service officials.
Volunteer registrars are needed to
help in signing up the men be
tween 45 and 65 on April 25, 26
and 27, included under the selective
service act, stated George Morcll,
registrar in charge. Men and women
arc asked to volunteer their services
at the Chamber of Commerce, Palo
Alto 2-1955.
The Palo Alto registration station
at the Boy Scout Hall, Community
Center, will be open during the en
tire three-day period. The stations
at Lytton School and the Mayfield
School will be open only on Satur
day, April 25. Los Altos and Moun
tain View will be operated for the
three days. Stanford will have no
station.
Approximately 3,500 men will reg
ister from this area, estimated Palo
Alto selective service officials.
Volunteer registrars are needed to
help in signing up the men be
tween 45 and 65 on April 25, 26
and 27, included under the selective
service act, stated George Morcll,
registrar in charge. Men and women
arc asked to volunteer their services
at the Chamber of Commerce, Palo
Alto 2-1955.
The Palo Alto registration station
at the Boy Scout Hall, Community
Center, will be open during the en
tire three-day period. The stations
at Lytton School and the Mayfield
School will be open only on Satur
day, April 25. Los Altos and Moun
tain View will be operated for the
three days. Stanford will have no
station.
Approximately 3,500 men will reg
ister from this area, estimated Palo
Alto selective service officials.
