# Petain Asks Support of New Government
## 
### 
VICIIY, April 19 (UP).—Marshal
Henri Philippe Petain announced to
night that Pierre Laval "will exer
cise under my authority" the direc
tion of Vichy's domestic and foreign
policies, while Admiral Jean Fran
cois Darlan controls the defenses of
the empire, including the French
fleet.
The 85 - year - old marshal, in a
tremulous three-minute radio ad
dress to the nation, said that with
Laval "at the most tragic moment of
our disaster I founded the new order
which must assure French recov
ery," and now "I find myself again
with him to resume the national and
European organization effort of
which we together laid the basis."
At the outset of his brief speech
announcing the formation of the new
cabinet with Laval as chief of gov
ernment and minister of foreign af
fairs, interior and information, Pe
tain stressed that he, as chief of
state, retained "my authority."
DARLAN STILL lIEIR
Likewise Petain emphasized that
Darlan, retiring from the cabinet in
which he was vice-premier, still was
the No. 1 man in line to succeed the
old marshal as chief of state while
assuming the responsibility for de
fending French soil at home and
abroad.
He said the present French crisis
was "as decisive as June 1940," when
France was crushed as a military
power and he took over the reins
of government at the eleventh hour
to negotiate an armistice and lay
foundations for the leadership as it
has existed ever since.

"Frenchmen!" Petain cried in con
clusion, "yotfr wisdom, your pa
tience and your patriotism will help
us conquer our difficulties and mis
eries. Come with a single heartfelt
move, rally to the government. It
will give you new reasons to believe
and hope."
DRAMATIC CONCLUSION
Petain's broadcast gave the first
authoritative definition of Laval's
new prerogatives in the dramatic
five days since it was announced
that the government was being re
organized and Laval, foremost pro
ponent of collaboration with Ger
many, was returning to power.
Only yesterday the cabinet re
shuffle was completed, revealing
that Laval in addition to becoming
the chief of government—a new post
—was assuming the two most im
portant ministries of foreign affairs
and interior, the latter carrying the
command of the French police force.
VICIIY, April 19 (UP).—Marshal
Henri Philippe Petain announced to
night that Pierre Laval "will exer
cise under my authority" the direc
tion of Vichy's domestic and foreign
policies, while Admiral Jean Fran
cois Darlan controls the defenses of
the empire, including the French
fleet.
The 85 - year - old marshal, in a
tremulous three-minute radio ad
dress to the nation, said that with
Laval "at the most tragic moment of
our disaster I founded the new order
which must assure French recov
ery," and now "I find myself again
with him to resume the national and
European organization effort of
which we together laid the basis."
At the outset of his brief speech
announcing the formation of the new
cabinet with Laval as chief of gov
ernment and minister of foreign af
fairs, interior and information, Pe
tain stressed that he, as chief of
state, retained "my authority."
DARLAN STILL lIEIR
Likewise Petain emphasized that
Darlan, retiring from the cabinet in
which he was vice-premier, still was
the No. 1 man in line to succeed the
old marshal as chief of state while
assuming the responsibility for de
fending French soil at home and
abroad.
He said the present French crisis
was "as decisive as June 1940," when
France was crushed as a military
power and he took over the reins
of government at the eleventh hour
to negotiate an armistice and lay
foundations for the leadership as it
has existed ever since.

"Frenchmen!" Petain cried in con
clusion, "yotfr wisdom, your pa
tience and your patriotism will help
us conquer our difficulties and mis
eries. Come with a single heartfelt
move, rally to the government. It
will give you new reasons to believe
and hope."
DRAMATIC CONCLUSION
Petain's broadcast gave the first
authoritative definition of Laval's
new prerogatives in the dramatic
five days since it was announced
that the government was being re
organized and Laval, foremost pro
ponent of collaboration with Ger
many, was returning to power.
Only yesterday the cabinet re
shuffle was completed, revealing
that Laval in addition to becoming
the chief of government—a new post
—was assuming the two most im
portant ministries of foreign affairs
and interior, the latter carrying the
command of the French police force.
VICIIY, April 19 (UP).—Marshal
Henri Philippe Petain announced to
night that Pierre Laval "will exer
cise under my authority" the direc
tion of Vichy's domestic and foreign
policies, while Admiral Jean Fran
cois Darlan controls the defenses of
the empire, including the French
fleet.
The 85 - year - old marshal, in a
tremulous three-minute radio ad
dress to the nation, said that with
Laval "at the most tragic moment of
our disaster I founded the new order
which must assure French recov
ery," and now "I find myself again
with him to resume the national and
European organization effort of
which we together laid the basis."
At the outset of his brief speech
announcing the formation of the new
cabinet with Laval as chief of gov
ernment and minister of foreign af
fairs, interior and information, Pe
tain stressed that he, as chief of
state, retained "my authority."
DARLAN STILL lIEIR
Likewise Petain emphasized that
Darlan, retiring from the cabinet in
which he was vice-premier, still was
the No. 1 man in line to succeed the
old marshal as chief of state while
assuming the responsibility for de
fending French soil at home and
abroad.
He said the present French crisis
was "as decisive as June 1940," when
France was crushed as a military
power and he took over the reins
of government at the eleventh hour
to negotiate an armistice and lay
foundations for the leadership as it
has existed ever since.

"Frenchmen!" Petain cried in con
clusion, "yotfr wisdom, your pa
tience and your patriotism will help
us conquer our difficulties and mis
eries. Come with a single heartfelt
move, rally to the government. It
will give you new reasons to believe
and hope."
DRAMATIC CONCLUSION
Petain's broadcast gave the first
authoritative definition of Laval's
new prerogatives in the dramatic
five days since it was announced
that the government was being re
organized and Laval, foremost pro
ponent of collaboration with Ger
many, was returning to power.
Only yesterday the cabinet re
shuffle was completed, revealing
that Laval in addition to becoming
the chief of government—a new post
—was assuming the two most im
portant ministries of foreign affairs
and interior, the latter carrying the
command of the French police force.
VICIIY, April 19 (UP).—Marshal
Henri Philippe Petain announced to
night that Pierre Laval "will exer
cise under my authority" the direc
tion of Vichy's domestic and foreign
policies, while Admiral Jean Fran
cois Darlan controls the defenses of
the empire, including the French
fleet.
The 85 - year - old marshal, in a
tremulous three-minute radio ad
dress to the nation, said that with
Laval "at the most tragic moment of
our disaster I founded the new order
which must assure French recov
ery," and now "I find myself again
with him to resume the national and
European organization effort of
which we together laid the basis."
At the outset of his brief speech
announcing the formation of the new
cabinet with Laval as chief of gov
ernment and minister of foreign af
fairs, interior and information, Pe
tain stressed that he, as chief of
state, retained "my authority."
DARLAN STILL lIEIR
Likewise Petain emphasized that
Darlan, retiring from the cabinet in
which he was vice-premier, still was
the No. 1 man in line to succeed the
old marshal as chief of state while
assuming the responsibility for de
fending French soil at home and
abroad.
He said the present French crisis
was "as decisive as June 1940," when
France was crushed as a military
power and he took over the reins
of government at the eleventh hour
to negotiate an armistice and lay
foundations for the leadership as it
has existed ever since.

"Frenchmen!" Petain cried in con
clusion, "yotfr wisdom, your pa
tience and your patriotism will help
us conquer our difficulties and mis
eries. Come with a single heartfelt
move, rally to the government. It
will give you new reasons to believe
and hope."
DRAMATIC CONCLUSION
Petain's broadcast gave the first
authoritative definition of Laval's
new prerogatives in the dramatic
five days since it was announced
that the government was being re
organized and Laval, foremost pro
ponent of collaboration with Ger
many, was returning to power.
Only yesterday the cabinet re
shuffle was completed, revealing
that Laval in addition to becoming
the chief of government—a new post
—was assuming the two most im
portant ministries of foreign affairs
and interior, the latter carrying the
command of the French police force.
VICIIY, April 19 (UP).—Marshal
Henri Philippe Petain announced to
night that Pierre Laval "will exer
cise under my authority" the direc
tion of Vichy's domestic and foreign
policies, while Admiral Jean Fran
cois Darlan controls the defenses of
the empire, including the French
fleet.
The 85 - year - old marshal, in a
tremulous three-minute radio ad
dress to the nation, said that with
Laval "at the most tragic moment of
our disaster I founded the new order
which must assure French recov
ery," and now "I find myself again
with him to resume the national and
European organization effort of
which we together laid the basis."
At the outset of his brief speech
announcing the formation of the new
cabinet with Laval as chief of gov
ernment and minister of foreign af
fairs, interior and information, Pe
tain stressed that he, as chief of
state, retained "my authority."
DARLAN STILL lIEIR
Likewise Petain emphasized that
Darlan, retiring from the cabinet in
which he was vice-premier, still was
the No. 1 man in line to succeed the
old marshal as chief of state while
assuming the responsibility for de
fending French soil at home and
abroad.
He said the present French crisis
was "as decisive as June 1940," when
France was crushed as a military
power and he took over the reins
of government at the eleventh hour
to negotiate an armistice and lay
foundations for the leadership as it
has existed ever since.

"Frenchmen!" Petain cried in con
clusion, "yotfr wisdom, your pa
tience and your patriotism will help
us conquer our difficulties and mis
eries. Come with a single heartfelt
move, rally to the government. It
will give you new reasons to believe
and hope."
DRAMATIC CONCLUSION
Petain's broadcast gave the first
authoritative definition of Laval's
new prerogatives in the dramatic
five days since it was announced
that the government was being re
organized and Laval, foremost pro
ponent of collaboration with Ger
many, was returning to power.
Only yesterday the cabinet re
shuffle was completed, revealing
that Laval in addition to becoming
the chief of government—a new post
—was assuming the two most im
portant ministries of foreign affairs
and interior, the latter carrying the
command of the French police force.
VICIIY, April 19 (UP).—Marshal
Henri Philippe Petain announced to
night that Pierre Laval "will exer
cise under my authority" the direc
tion of Vichy's domestic and foreign
policies, while Admiral Jean Fran
cois Darlan controls the defenses of
the empire, including the French
fleet.
The 85 - year - old marshal, in a
tremulous three-minute radio ad
dress to the nation, said that with
Laval "at the most tragic moment of
our disaster I founded the new order
which must assure French recov
ery," and now "I find myself again
with him to resume the national and
European organization effort of
which we together laid the basis."
At the outset of his brief speech
announcing the formation of the new
cabinet with Laval as chief of gov
ernment and minister of foreign af
fairs, interior and information, Pe
tain stressed that he, as chief of
state, retained "my authority."
DARLAN STILL lIEIR
Likewise Petain emphasized that
Darlan, retiring from the cabinet in
which he was vice-premier, still was
the No. 1 man in line to succeed the
old marshal as chief of state while
assuming the responsibility for de
fending French soil at home and
abroad.
He said the present French crisis
was "as decisive as June 1940," when
France was crushed as a military
power and he took over the reins
of government at the eleventh hour
to negotiate an armistice and lay
foundations for the leadership as it
has existed ever since.

"Frenchmen!" Petain cried in con
clusion, "yotfr wisdom, your pa
tience and your patriotism will help
us conquer our difficulties and mis
eries. Come with a single heartfelt
move, rally to the government. It
will give you new reasons to believe
and hope."
DRAMATIC CONCLUSION
Petain's broadcast gave the first
authoritative definition of Laval's
new prerogatives in the dramatic
five days since it was announced
that the government was being re
organized and Laval, foremost pro
ponent of collaboration with Ger
many, was returning to power.
Only yesterday the cabinet re
shuffle was completed, revealing
that Laval in addition to becoming
the chief of government—a new post
—was assuming the two most im
portant ministries of foreign affairs
and interior, the latter carrying the
command of the French police force.
VICIIY, April 19 (UP).—Marshal
Henri Philippe Petain announced to
night that Pierre Laval "will exer
cise under my authority" the direc
tion of Vichy's domestic and foreign
policies, while Admiral Jean Fran
cois Darlan controls the defenses of
the empire, including the French
fleet.
The 85 - year - old marshal, in a
tremulous three-minute radio ad
dress to the nation, said that with
Laval "at the most tragic moment of
our disaster I founded the new order
which must assure French recov
ery," and now "I find myself again
with him to resume the national and
European organization effort of
which we together laid the basis."
At the outset of his brief speech
announcing the formation of the new
cabinet with Laval as chief of gov
ernment and minister of foreign af
fairs, interior and information, Pe
tain stressed that he, as chief of
state, retained "my authority."
DARLAN STILL lIEIR
Likewise Petain emphasized that
Darlan, retiring from the cabinet in
which he was vice-premier, still was
the No. 1 man in line to succeed the
old marshal as chief of state while
assuming the responsibility for de
fending French soil at home and
abroad.
He said the present French crisis
was "as decisive as June 1940," when
France was crushed as a military
power and he took over the reins
of government at the eleventh hour
to negotiate an armistice and lay
foundations for the leadership as it
has existed ever since.

"Frenchmen!" Petain cried in con
clusion, "yotfr wisdom, your pa
tience and your patriotism will help
us conquer our difficulties and mis
eries. Come with a single heartfelt
move, rally to the government. It
will give you new reasons to believe
and hope."
DRAMATIC CONCLUSION
Petain's broadcast gave the first
authoritative definition of Laval's
new prerogatives in the dramatic
five days since it was announced
that the government was being re
organized and Laval, foremost pro
ponent of collaboration with Ger
many, was returning to power.
Only yesterday the cabinet re
shuffle was completed, revealing
that Laval in addition to becoming
the chief of government—a new post
—was assuming the two most im
portant ministries of foreign affairs
and interior, the latter carrying the
command of the French police force.
VICIIY, April 19 (UP).—Marshal
Henri Philippe Petain announced to
night that Pierre Laval "will exer
cise under my authority" the direc
tion of Vichy's domestic and foreign
policies, while Admiral Jean Fran
cois Darlan controls the defenses of
the empire, including the French
fleet.
The 85 - year - old marshal, in a
tremulous three-minute radio ad
dress to the nation, said that with
Laval "at the most tragic moment of
our disaster I founded the new order
which must assure French recov
ery," and now "I find myself again
with him to resume the national and
European organization effort of
which we together laid the basis."
At the outset of his brief speech
announcing the formation of the new
cabinet with Laval as chief of gov
ernment and minister of foreign af
fairs, interior and information, Pe
tain stressed that he, as chief of
state, retained "my authority."
DARLAN STILL lIEIR
Likewise Petain emphasized that
Darlan, retiring from the cabinet in
which he was vice-premier, still was
the No. 1 man in line to succeed the
old marshal as chief of state while
assuming the responsibility for de
fending French soil at home and
abroad.
He said the present French crisis
was "as decisive as June 1940," when
France was crushed as a military
power and he took over the reins
of government at the eleventh hour
to negotiate an armistice and lay
foundations for the leadership as it
has existed ever since.

"Frenchmen!" Petain cried in con
clusion, "yotfr wisdom, your pa
tience and your patriotism will help
us conquer our difficulties and mis
eries. Come with a single heartfelt
move, rally to the government. It
will give you new reasons to believe
and hope."
DRAMATIC CONCLUSION
Petain's broadcast gave the first
authoritative definition of Laval's
new prerogatives in the dramatic
five days since it was announced
that the government was being re
organized and Laval, foremost pro
ponent of collaboration with Ger
many, was returning to power.
Only yesterday the cabinet re
shuffle was completed, revealing
that Laval in addition to becoming
the chief of government—a new post
—was assuming the two most im
portant ministries of foreign affairs
and interior, the latter carrying the
command of the French police force.
VICIIY, April 19 (UP).—Marshal
Henri Philippe Petain announced to
night that Pierre Laval "will exer
cise under my authority" the direc
tion of Vichy's domestic and foreign
policies, while Admiral Jean Fran
cois Darlan controls the defenses of
the empire, including the French
fleet.
The 85 - year - old marshal, in a
tremulous three-minute radio ad
dress to the nation, said that with
Laval "at the most tragic moment of
our disaster I founded the new order
which must assure French recov
ery," and now "I find myself again
with him to resume the national and
European organization effort of
which we together laid the basis."
At the outset of his brief speech
announcing the formation of the new
cabinet with Laval as chief of gov
ernment and minister of foreign af
fairs, interior and information, Pe
tain stressed that he, as chief of
state, retained "my authority."
DARLAN STILL lIEIR
Likewise Petain emphasized that
Darlan, retiring from the cabinet in
which he was vice-premier, still was
the No. 1 man in line to succeed the
old marshal as chief of state while
assuming the responsibility for de
fending French soil at home and
abroad.
He said the present French crisis
was "as decisive as June 1940," when
France was crushed as a military
power and he took over the reins
of government at the eleventh hour
to negotiate an armistice and lay
foundations for the leadership as it
has existed ever since.

"Frenchmen!" Petain cried in con
clusion, "yotfr wisdom, your pa
tience and your patriotism will help
us conquer our difficulties and mis
eries. Come with a single heartfelt
move, rally to the government. It
will give you new reasons to believe
and hope."
DRAMATIC CONCLUSION
Petain's broadcast gave the first
authoritative definition of Laval's
new prerogatives in the dramatic
five days since it was announced
that the government was being re
organized and Laval, foremost pro
ponent of collaboration with Ger
many, was returning to power.
Only yesterday the cabinet re
shuffle was completed, revealing
that Laval in addition to becoming
the chief of government—a new post
—was assuming the two most im
portant ministries of foreign affairs
and interior, the latter carrying the
command of the French police force.
VICIIY, April 19 (UP).—Marshal
Henri Philippe Petain announced to
night that Pierre Laval "will exer
cise under my authority" the direc
tion of Vichy's domestic and foreign
policies, while Admiral Jean Fran
cois Darlan controls the defenses of
the empire, including the French
fleet.
The 85 - year - old marshal, in a
tremulous three-minute radio ad
dress to the nation, said that with
Laval "at the most tragic moment of
our disaster I founded the new order
which must assure French recov
ery," and now "I find myself again
with him to resume the national and
European organization effort of
which we together laid the basis."
At the outset of his brief speech
announcing the formation of the new
cabinet with Laval as chief of gov
ernment and minister of foreign af
fairs, interior and information, Pe
tain stressed that he, as chief of
state, retained "my authority."
DARLAN STILL lIEIR
Likewise Petain emphasized that
Darlan, retiring from the cabinet in
which he was vice-premier, still was
the No. 1 man in line to succeed the
old marshal as chief of state while
assuming the responsibility for de
fending French soil at home and
abroad.
He said the present French crisis
was "as decisive as June 1940," when
France was crushed as a military
power and he took over the reins
of government at the eleventh hour
to negotiate an armistice and lay
foundations for the leadership as it
has existed ever since.

"Frenchmen!" Petain cried in con
clusion, "yotfr wisdom, your pa
tience and your patriotism will help
us conquer our difficulties and mis
eries. Come with a single heartfelt
move, rally to the government. It
will give you new reasons to believe
and hope."
DRAMATIC CONCLUSION
Petain's broadcast gave the first
authoritative definition of Laval's
new prerogatives in the dramatic
five days since it was announced
that the government was being re
organized and Laval, foremost pro
ponent of collaboration with Ger
many, was returning to power.
Only yesterday the cabinet re
shuffle was completed, revealing
that Laval in addition to becoming
the chief of government—a new post
—was assuming the two most im
portant ministries of foreign affairs
and interior, the latter carrying the
command of the French police force.
VICIIY, April 19 (UP).—Marshal
Henri Philippe Petain announced to
night that Pierre Laval "will exer
cise under my authority" the direc
tion of Vichy's domestic and foreign
policies, while Admiral Jean Fran
cois Darlan controls the defenses of
the empire, including the French
fleet.
The 85 - year - old marshal, in a
tremulous three-minute radio ad
dress to the nation, said that with
Laval "at the most tragic moment of
our disaster I founded the new order
which must assure French recov
ery," and now "I find myself again
with him to resume the national and
European organization effort of
which we together laid the basis."
At the outset of his brief speech
announcing the formation of the new
cabinet with Laval as chief of gov
ernment and minister of foreign af
fairs, interior and information, Pe
tain stressed that he, as chief of
state, retained "my authority."
DARLAN STILL lIEIR
Likewise Petain emphasized that
Darlan, retiring from the cabinet in
which he was vice-premier, still was
the No. 1 man in line to succeed the
old marshal as chief of state while
assuming the responsibility for de
fending French soil at home and
abroad.
He said the present French crisis
was "as decisive as June 1940," when
France was crushed as a military
power and he took over the reins
of government at the eleventh hour
to negotiate an armistice and lay
foundations for the leadership as it
has existed ever since.

"Frenchmen!" Petain cried in con
clusion, "yotfr wisdom, your pa
tience and your patriotism will help
us conquer our difficulties and mis
eries. Come with a single heartfelt
move, rally to the government. It
will give you new reasons to believe
and hope."
DRAMATIC CONCLUSION
Petain's broadcast gave the first
authoritative definition of Laval's
new prerogatives in the dramatic
five days since it was announced
that the government was being re
organized and Laval, foremost pro
ponent of collaboration with Ger
many, was returning to power.
Only yesterday the cabinet re
shuffle was completed, revealing
that Laval in addition to becoming
the chief of government—a new post
—was assuming the two most im
portant ministries of foreign affairs
and interior, the latter carrying the
command of the French police force.
VICIIY, April 19 (UP).—Marshal
Henri Philippe Petain announced to
night that Pierre Laval "will exer
cise under my authority" the direc
tion of Vichy's domestic and foreign
policies, while Admiral Jean Fran
cois Darlan controls the defenses of
the empire, including the French
fleet.
The 85 - year - old marshal, in a
tremulous three-minute radio ad
dress to the nation, said that with
Laval "at the most tragic moment of
our disaster I founded the new order
which must assure French recov
ery," and now "I find myself again
with him to resume the national and
European organization effort of
which we together laid the basis."
At the outset of his brief speech
announcing the formation of the new
cabinet with Laval as chief of gov
ernment and minister of foreign af
fairs, interior and information, Pe
tain stressed that he, as chief of
state, retained "my authority."
DARLAN STILL lIEIR
Likewise Petain emphasized that
Darlan, retiring from the cabinet in
which he was vice-premier, still was
the No. 1 man in line to succeed the
old marshal as chief of state while
assuming the responsibility for de
fending French soil at home and
abroad.
He said the present French crisis
was "as decisive as June 1940," when
France was crushed as a military
power and he took over the reins
of government at the eleventh hour
to negotiate an armistice and lay
foundations for the leadership as it
has existed ever since.

"Frenchmen!" Petain cried in con
clusion, "yotfr wisdom, your pa
tience and your patriotism will help
us conquer our difficulties and mis
eries. Come with a single heartfelt
move, rally to the government. It
will give you new reasons to believe
and hope."
DRAMATIC CONCLUSION
Petain's broadcast gave the first
authoritative definition of Laval's
new prerogatives in the dramatic
five days since it was announced
that the government was being re
organized and Laval, foremost pro
ponent of collaboration with Ger
many, was returning to power.
Only yesterday the cabinet re
shuffle was completed, revealing
that Laval in addition to becoming
the chief of government—a new post
—was assuming the two most im
portant ministries of foreign affairs
and interior, the latter carrying the
command of the French police force.
VICIIY, April 19 (UP).—Marshal
Henri Philippe Petain announced to
night that Pierre Laval "will exer
cise under my authority" the direc
tion of Vichy's domestic and foreign
policies, while Admiral Jean Fran
cois Darlan controls the defenses of
the empire, including the French
fleet.
The 85 - year - old marshal, in a
tremulous three-minute radio ad
dress to the nation, said that with
Laval "at the most tragic moment of
our disaster I founded the new order
which must assure French recov
ery," and now "I find myself again
with him to resume the national and
European organization effort of
which we together laid the basis."
At the outset of his brief speech
announcing the formation of the new
cabinet with Laval as chief of gov
ernment and minister of foreign af
fairs, interior and information, Pe
tain stressed that he, as chief of
state, retained "my authority."
DARLAN STILL lIEIR
Likewise Petain emphasized that
Darlan, retiring from the cabinet in
which he was vice-premier, still was
the No. 1 man in line to succeed the
old marshal as chief of state while
assuming the responsibility for de
fending French soil at home and
abroad.
He said the present French crisis
was "as decisive as June 1940," when
France was crushed as a military
power and he took over the reins
of government at the eleventh hour
to negotiate an armistice and lay
foundations for the leadership as it
has existed ever since.

"Frenchmen!" Petain cried in con
clusion, "yotfr wisdom, your pa
tience and your patriotism will help
us conquer our difficulties and mis
eries. Come with a single heartfelt
move, rally to the government. It
will give you new reasons to believe
and hope."
DRAMATIC CONCLUSION
Petain's broadcast gave the first
authoritative definition of Laval's
new prerogatives in the dramatic
five days since it was announced
that the government was being re
organized and Laval, foremost pro
ponent of collaboration with Ger
many, was returning to power.
Only yesterday the cabinet re
shuffle was completed, revealing
that Laval in addition to becoming
the chief of government—a new post
—was assuming the two most im
portant ministries of foreign affairs
and interior, the latter carrying the
command of the French police force.
VICIIY, April 19 (UP).—Marshal
Henri Philippe Petain announced to
night that Pierre Laval "will exer
cise under my authority" the direc
tion of Vichy's domestic and foreign
policies, while Admiral Jean Fran
cois Darlan controls the defenses of
the empire, including the French
fleet.
The 85 - year - old marshal, in a
tremulous three-minute radio ad
dress to the nation, said that with
Laval "at the most tragic moment of
our disaster I founded the new order
which must assure French recov
ery," and now "I find myself again
with him to resume the national and
European organization effort of
which we together laid the basis."
At the outset of his brief speech
announcing the formation of the new
cabinet with Laval as chief of gov
ernment and minister of foreign af
fairs, interior and information, Pe
tain stressed that he, as chief of
state, retained "my authority."
DARLAN STILL lIEIR
Likewise Petain emphasized that
Darlan, retiring from the cabinet in
which he was vice-premier, still was
the No. 1 man in line to succeed the
old marshal as chief of state while
assuming the responsibility for de
fending French soil at home and
abroad.
He said the present French crisis
was "as decisive as June 1940," when
France was crushed as a military
power and he took over the reins
of government at the eleventh hour
to negotiate an armistice and lay
foundations for the leadership as it
has existed ever since.

"Frenchmen!" Petain cried in con
clusion, "yotfr wisdom, your pa
tience and your patriotism will help
us conquer our difficulties and mis
eries. Come with a single heartfelt
move, rally to the government. It
will give you new reasons to believe
and hope."
DRAMATIC CONCLUSION
Petain's broadcast gave the first
authoritative definition of Laval's
new prerogatives in the dramatic
five days since it was announced
that the government was being re
organized and Laval, foremost pro
ponent of collaboration with Ger
many, was returning to power.
Only yesterday the cabinet re
shuffle was completed, revealing
that Laval in addition to becoming
the chief of government—a new post
—was assuming the two most im
portant ministries of foreign affairs
and interior, the latter carrying the
command of the French police force.
VICIIY, April 19 (UP).—Marshal
Henri Philippe Petain announced to
night that Pierre Laval "will exer
cise under my authority" the direc
tion of Vichy's domestic and foreign
policies, while Admiral Jean Fran
cois Darlan controls the defenses of
the empire, including the French
fleet.
The 85 - year - old marshal, in a
tremulous three-minute radio ad
dress to the nation, said that with
Laval "at the most tragic moment of
our disaster I founded the new order
which must assure French recov
ery," and now "I find myself again
with him to resume the national and
European organization effort of
which we together laid the basis."
At the outset of his brief speech
announcing the formation of the new
cabinet with Laval as chief of gov
ernment and minister of foreign af
fairs, interior and information, Pe
tain stressed that he, as chief of
state, retained "my authority."
DARLAN STILL lIEIR
Likewise Petain emphasized that
Darlan, retiring from the cabinet in
which he was vice-premier, still was
the No. 1 man in line to succeed the
old marshal as chief of state while
assuming the responsibility for de
fending French soil at home and
abroad.
He said the present French crisis
was "as decisive as June 1940," when
France was crushed as a military
power and he took over the reins
of government at the eleventh hour
to negotiate an armistice and lay
foundations for the leadership as it
has existed ever since.

"Frenchmen!" Petain cried in con
clusion, "yotfr wisdom, your pa
tience and your patriotism will help
us conquer our difficulties and mis
eries. Come with a single heartfelt
move, rally to the government. It
will give you new reasons to believe
and hope."
DRAMATIC CONCLUSION
Petain's broadcast gave the first
authoritative definition of Laval's
new prerogatives in the dramatic
five days since it was announced
that the government was being re
organized and Laval, foremost pro
ponent of collaboration with Ger
many, was returning to power.
Only yesterday the cabinet re
shuffle was completed, revealing
that Laval in addition to becoming
the chief of government—a new post
—was assuming the two most im
portant ministries of foreign affairs
and interior, the latter carrying the
command of the French police force.
VICIIY, April 19 (UP).—Marshal
Henri Philippe Petain announced to
night that Pierre Laval "will exer
cise under my authority" the direc
tion of Vichy's domestic and foreign
policies, while Admiral Jean Fran
cois Darlan controls the defenses of
the empire, including the French
fleet.
The 85 - year - old marshal, in a
tremulous three-minute radio ad
dress to the nation, said that with
Laval "at the most tragic moment of
our disaster I founded the new order
which must assure French recov
ery," and now "I find myself again
with him to resume the national and
European organization effort of
which we together laid the basis."
At the outset of his brief speech
announcing the formation of the new
cabinet with Laval as chief of gov
ernment and minister of foreign af
fairs, interior and information, Pe
tain stressed that he, as chief of
state, retained "my authority."
DARLAN STILL lIEIR
Likewise Petain emphasized that
Darlan, retiring from the cabinet in
which he was vice-premier, still was
the No. 1 man in line to succeed the
old marshal as chief of state while
assuming the responsibility for de
fending French soil at home and
abroad.
He said the present French crisis
was "as decisive as June 1940," when
France was crushed as a military
power and he took over the reins
of government at the eleventh hour
to negotiate an armistice and lay
foundations for the leadership as it
has existed ever since.

"Frenchmen!" Petain cried in con
clusion, "yotfr wisdom, your pa
tience and your patriotism will help
us conquer our difficulties and mis
eries. Come with a single heartfelt
move, rally to the government. It
will give you new reasons to believe
and hope."
DRAMATIC CONCLUSION
Petain's broadcast gave the first
authoritative definition of Laval's
new prerogatives in the dramatic
five days since it was announced
that the government was being re
organized and Laval, foremost pro
ponent of collaboration with Ger
many, was returning to power.
Only yesterday the cabinet re
shuffle was completed, revealing
that Laval in addition to becoming
the chief of government—a new post
—was assuming the two most im
portant ministries of foreign affairs
and interior, the latter carrying the
command of the French police force.
VICIIY, April 19 (UP).—Marshal
Henri Philippe Petain announced to
night that Pierre Laval "will exer
cise under my authority" the direc
tion of Vichy's domestic and foreign
policies, while Admiral Jean Fran
cois Darlan controls the defenses of
the empire, including the French
fleet.
The 85 - year - old marshal, in a
tremulous three-minute radio ad
dress to the nation, said that with
Laval "at the most tragic moment of
our disaster I founded the new order
which must assure French recov
ery," and now "I find myself again
with him to resume the national and
European organization effort of
which we together laid the basis."
At the outset of his brief speech
announcing the formation of the new
cabinet with Laval as chief of gov
ernment and minister of foreign af
fairs, interior and information, Pe
tain stressed that he, as chief of
state, retained "my authority."
DARLAN STILL lIEIR
Likewise Petain emphasized that
Darlan, retiring from the cabinet in
which he was vice-premier, still was
the No. 1 man in line to succeed the
old marshal as chief of state while
assuming the responsibility for de
fending French soil at home and
abroad.
He said the present French crisis
was "as decisive as June 1940," when
France was crushed as a military
power and he took over the reins
of government at the eleventh hour
to negotiate an armistice and lay
foundations for the leadership as it
has existed ever since.

"Frenchmen!" Petain cried in con
clusion, "yotfr wisdom, your pa
tience and your patriotism will help
us conquer our difficulties and mis
eries. Come with a single heartfelt
move, rally to the government. It
will give you new reasons to believe
and hope."
DRAMATIC CONCLUSION
Petain's broadcast gave the first
authoritative definition of Laval's
new prerogatives in the dramatic
five days since it was announced
that the government was being re
organized and Laval, foremost pro
ponent of collaboration with Ger
many, was returning to power.
Only yesterday the cabinet re
shuffle was completed, revealing
that Laval in addition to becoming
the chief of government—a new post
—was assuming the two most im
portant ministries of foreign affairs
and interior, the latter carrying the
command of the French police force.
VICIIY, April 19 (UP).—Marshal
Henri Philippe Petain announced to
night that Pierre Laval "will exer
cise under my authority" the direc
tion of Vichy's domestic and foreign
policies, while Admiral Jean Fran
cois Darlan controls the defenses of
the empire, including the French
fleet.
The 85 - year - old marshal, in a
tremulous three-minute radio ad
dress to the nation, said that with
Laval "at the most tragic moment of
our disaster I founded the new order
which must assure French recov
ery," and now "I find myself again
with him to resume the national and
European organization effort of
which we together laid the basis."
At the outset of his brief speech
announcing the formation of the new
cabinet with Laval as chief of gov
ernment and minister of foreign af
fairs, interior and information, Pe
tain stressed that he, as chief of
state, retained "my authority."
DARLAN STILL lIEIR
Likewise Petain emphasized that
Darlan, retiring from the cabinet in
which he was vice-premier, still was
the No. 1 man in line to succeed the
old marshal as chief of state while
assuming the responsibility for de
fending French soil at home and
abroad.
He said the present French crisis
was "as decisive as June 1940," when
France was crushed as a military
power and he took over the reins
of government at the eleventh hour
to negotiate an armistice and lay
foundations for the leadership as it
has existed ever since.

"Frenchmen!" Petain cried in con
clusion, "yotfr wisdom, your pa
tience and your patriotism will help
us conquer our difficulties and mis
eries. Come with a single heartfelt
move, rally to the government. It
will give you new reasons to believe
and hope."
DRAMATIC CONCLUSION
Petain's broadcast gave the first
authoritative definition of Laval's
new prerogatives in the dramatic
five days since it was announced
that the government was being re
organized and Laval, foremost pro
ponent of collaboration with Ger
many, was returning to power.
Only yesterday the cabinet re
shuffle was completed, revealing
that Laval in addition to becoming
the chief of government—a new post
—was assuming the two most im
portant ministries of foreign affairs
and interior, the latter carrying the
command of the French police force.
