# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Baseball men will sign up for
the season tomorrow at 1:10 in
room f>o. Coach Presley and
Captain C. E. Sampson desire all
candidates for varsity and class
nines to be present. Work will
not begin until Monday, but
names should be turned in to
morrow.
Baseball men will sign up for
the season tomorrow at 1:10 in
room f>o. Coach Presley and
Captain C. E. Sampson desire all
candidates for varsity and class
nines to be present. Work will
not begin until Monday, but
names should be turned in to
morrow.
Baseball men will sign up for
the season tomorrow at 1:10 in
room f>o. Coach Presley and
Captain C. E. Sampson desire all
candidates for varsity and class
nines to be present. Work will
not begin until Monday, but
names should be turned in to
morrow.
Baseball men will sign up for
the season tomorrow at 1:10 in
room f>o. Coach Presley and
Captain C. E. Sampson desire all
candidates for varsity and class
nines to be present. Work will
not begin until Monday, but
names should be turned in to
morrow.
Baseball men will sign up for
the season tomorrow at 1:10 in
room f>o. Coach Presley and
Captain C. E. Sampson desire all
candidates for varsity and class
nines to be present. Work will
not begin until Monday, but
names should be turned in to
morrow.
Baseball men will sign up for
the season tomorrow at 1:10 in
room f>o. Coach Presley and
Captain C. E. Sampson desire all
candidates for varsity and class
nines to be present. Work will
not begin until Monday, but
names should be turned in to
morrow.
Baseball men will sign up for
the season tomorrow at 1:10 in
room f>o. Coach Presley and
Captain C. E. Sampson desire all
candidates for varsity and class
nines to be present. Work will
not begin until Monday, but
names should be turned in to
morrow.
Baseball men will sign up for
the season tomorrow at 1:10 in
room f>o. Coach Presley and
Captain C. E. Sampson desire all
candidates for varsity and class
nines to be present. Work will
not begin until Monday, but
names should be turned in to
morrow.
Baseball men will sign up for
the season tomorrow at 1:10 in
room f>o. Coach Presley and
Captain C. E. Sampson desire all
candidates for varsity and class
nines to be present. Work will
not begin until Monday, but
names should be turned in to
morrow.
Baseball men will sign up for
the season tomorrow at 1:10 in
room f>o. Coach Presley and
Captain C. E. Sampson desire all
candidates for varsity and class
nines to be present. Work will
not begin until Monday, but
names should be turned in to
morrow.
Baseball men will sign up for
the season tomorrow at 1:10 in
room f>o. Coach Presley and
Captain C. E. Sampson desire all
candidates for varsity and class
nines to be present. Work will
not begin until Monday, but
names should be turned in to
morrow.
