# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It has been decided to use the old
baseball diamond for preliminary
practice. As it is the intention of
Manager Stewart to abandon this lield
when conditions make it possible to
use the new diamond, he does not de
sire to spend any considerable amount
of money in putting it in shape. If
persons having occasion to travel be
tween the Quad and the Gymnasium
will take several extra minutes and
make a detour of the infield area,
which has been rendered soft by the
recent rains, such an expenditure will
not be necessary.
It has been decided to use the old
baseball diamond for preliminary
practice. As it is the intention of
Manager Stewart to abandon this lield
when conditions make it possible to
use the new diamond, he does not de
sire to spend any considerable amount
of money in putting it in shape. If
persons having occasion to travel be
tween the Quad and the Gymnasium
will take several extra minutes and
make a detour of the infield area,
which has been rendered soft by the
recent rains, such an expenditure will
not be necessary.
It has been decided to use the old
baseball diamond for preliminary
practice. As it is the intention of
Manager Stewart to abandon this lield
when conditions make it possible to
use the new diamond, he does not de
sire to spend any considerable amount
of money in putting it in shape. If
persons having occasion to travel be
tween the Quad and the Gymnasium
will take several extra minutes and
make a detour of the infield area,
which has been rendered soft by the
recent rains, such an expenditure will
not be necessary.
It has been decided to use the old
baseball diamond for preliminary
practice. As it is the intention of
Manager Stewart to abandon this lield
when conditions make it possible to
use the new diamond, he does not de
sire to spend any considerable amount
of money in putting it in shape. If
persons having occasion to travel be
tween the Quad and the Gymnasium
will take several extra minutes and
make a detour of the infield area,
which has been rendered soft by the
recent rains, such an expenditure will
not be necessary.
It has been decided to use the old
baseball diamond for preliminary
practice. As it is the intention of
Manager Stewart to abandon this lield
when conditions make it possible to
use the new diamond, he does not de
sire to spend any considerable amount
of money in putting it in shape. If
persons having occasion to travel be
tween the Quad and the Gymnasium
will take several extra minutes and
make a detour of the infield area,
which has been rendered soft by the
recent rains, such an expenditure will
not be necessary.
It has been decided to use the old
baseball diamond for preliminary
practice. As it is the intention of
Manager Stewart to abandon this lield
when conditions make it possible to
use the new diamond, he does not de
sire to spend any considerable amount
of money in putting it in shape. If
persons having occasion to travel be
tween the Quad and the Gymnasium
will take several extra minutes and
make a detour of the infield area,
which has been rendered soft by the
recent rains, such an expenditure will
not be necessary.
It has been decided to use the old
baseball diamond for preliminary
practice. As it is the intention of
Manager Stewart to abandon this lield
when conditions make it possible to
use the new diamond, he does not de
sire to spend any considerable amount
of money in putting it in shape. If
persons having occasion to travel be
tween the Quad and the Gymnasium
will take several extra minutes and
make a detour of the infield area,
which has been rendered soft by the
recent rains, such an expenditure will
not be necessary.
It has been decided to use the old
baseball diamond for preliminary
practice. As it is the intention of
Manager Stewart to abandon this lield
when conditions make it possible to
use the new diamond, he does not de
sire to spend any considerable amount
of money in putting it in shape. If
persons having occasion to travel be
tween the Quad and the Gymnasium
will take several extra minutes and
make a detour of the infield area,
which has been rendered soft by the
recent rains, such an expenditure will
not be necessary.
It has been decided to use the old
baseball diamond for preliminary
practice. As it is the intention of
Manager Stewart to abandon this lield
when conditions make it possible to
use the new diamond, he does not de
sire to spend any considerable amount
of money in putting it in shape. If
persons having occasion to travel be
tween the Quad and the Gymnasium
will take several extra minutes and
make a detour of the infield area,
which has been rendered soft by the
recent rains, such an expenditure will
not be necessary.
It has been decided to use the old
baseball diamond for preliminary
practice. As it is the intention of
Manager Stewart to abandon this lield
when conditions make it possible to
use the new diamond, he does not de
sire to spend any considerable amount
of money in putting it in shape. If
persons having occasion to travel be
tween the Quad and the Gymnasium
will take several extra minutes and
make a detour of the infield area,
which has been rendered soft by the
recent rains, such an expenditure will
not be necessary.
It has been decided to use the old
baseball diamond for preliminary
practice. As it is the intention of
Manager Stewart to abandon this lield
when conditions make it possible to
use the new diamond, he does not de
sire to spend any considerable amount
of money in putting it in shape. If
persons having occasion to travel be
tween the Quad and the Gymnasium
will take several extra minutes and
make a detour of the infield area,
which has been rendered soft by the
recent rains, such an expenditure will
not be necessary.
