# FIND ROMAN GRAVE
## 
### 
BERLIN, Jan. 26. (/P) —A grave;
dating the sixth century B.C. (the j
later Hallstadt period) has been j
brought to light by excavations I
near the old Roman settlement of I
Treves. i
BERLIN, Jan. 26. (/P) —A grave;
dating the sixth century B.C. (the j
later Hallstadt period) has been j
brought to light by excavations I
near the old Roman settlement of I
Treves. i
BERLIN, Jan. 26. (/P) —A grave;
dating the sixth century B.C. (the j
later Hallstadt period) has been j
brought to light by excavations I
near the old Roman settlement of I
Treves. i
BERLIN, Jan. 26. (/P) —A grave;
dating the sixth century B.C. (the j
later Hallstadt period) has been j
brought to light by excavations I
near the old Roman settlement of I
Treves. i
BERLIN, Jan. 26. (/P) —A grave;
dating the sixth century B.C. (the j
later Hallstadt period) has been j
brought to light by excavations I
near the old Roman settlement of I
Treves. i
BERLIN, Jan. 26. (/P) —A grave;
dating the sixth century B.C. (the j
later Hallstadt period) has been j
brought to light by excavations I
near the old Roman settlement of I
Treves. i
BERLIN, Jan. 26. (/P) —A grave;
dating the sixth century B.C. (the j
later Hallstadt period) has been j
brought to light by excavations I
near the old Roman settlement of I
Treves. i
BERLIN, Jan. 26. (/P) —A grave;
dating the sixth century B.C. (the j
later Hallstadt period) has been j
brought to light by excavations I
near the old Roman settlement of I
Treves. i
BERLIN, Jan. 26. (/P) —A grave;
dating the sixth century B.C. (the j
later Hallstadt period) has been j
brought to light by excavations I
near the old Roman settlement of I
Treves. i
BERLIN, Jan. 26. (/P) —A grave;
dating the sixth century B.C. (the j
later Hallstadt period) has been j
brought to light by excavations I
near the old Roman settlement of I
Treves. i
BERLIN, Jan. 26. (/P) —A grave;
dating the sixth century B.C. (the j
later Hallstadt period) has been j
brought to light by excavations I
near the old Roman settlement of I
Treves. i
BERLIN, Jan. 26. (/P) —A grave;
dating the sixth century B.C. (the j
later Hallstadt period) has been j
brought to light by excavations I
near the old Roman settlement of I
Treves. i
BERLIN, Jan. 26. (/P) —A grave;
dating the sixth century B.C. (the j
later Hallstadt period) has been j
brought to light by excavations I
near the old Roman settlement of I
Treves. i
BERLIN, Jan. 26. (/P) —A grave;
dating the sixth century B.C. (the j
later Hallstadt period) has been j
brought to light by excavations I
near the old Roman settlement of I
Treves. i
BERLIN, Jan. 26. (/P) —A grave;
dating the sixth century B.C. (the j
later Hallstadt period) has been j
brought to light by excavations I
near the old Roman settlement of I
Treves. i
BERLIN, Jan. 26. (/P) —A grave;
dating the sixth century B.C. (the j
later Hallstadt period) has been j
brought to light by excavations I
near the old Roman settlement of I
Treves. i
