# CAR STRIKE HITS SEATTLE
## 
### 
SEATTLE, Jan. 28 (/P).—Seattle
municipal railway employees by un
animous vote early today author
ized an executive committee to or
der a walkout next Tuesday unless
their pay warrants are cashed by
that time.
SEATTLE, Jan. 28 (/P).—Seattle
municipal railway employees by un
animous vote early today author
ized an executive committee to or
der a walkout next Tuesday unless
their pay warrants are cashed by
that time.
SEATTLE, Jan. 28 (/P).—Seattle
municipal railway employees by un
animous vote early today author
ized an executive committee to or
der a walkout next Tuesday unless
their pay warrants are cashed by
that time.
SEATTLE, Jan. 28 (/P).—Seattle
municipal railway employees by un
animous vote early today author
ized an executive committee to or
der a walkout next Tuesday unless
their pay warrants are cashed by
that time.
SEATTLE, Jan. 28 (/P).—Seattle
municipal railway employees by un
animous vote early today author
ized an executive committee to or
der a walkout next Tuesday unless
their pay warrants are cashed by
that time.
SEATTLE, Jan. 28 (/P).—Seattle
municipal railway employees by un
animous vote early today author
ized an executive committee to or
der a walkout next Tuesday unless
their pay warrants are cashed by
that time.
SEATTLE, Jan. 28 (/P).—Seattle
municipal railway employees by un
animous vote early today author
ized an executive committee to or
der a walkout next Tuesday unless
their pay warrants are cashed by
that time.
SEATTLE, Jan. 28 (/P).—Seattle
municipal railway employees by un
animous vote early today author
ized an executive committee to or
der a walkout next Tuesday unless
their pay warrants are cashed by
that time.
SEATTLE, Jan. 28 (/P).—Seattle
municipal railway employees by un
animous vote early today author
ized an executive committee to or
der a walkout next Tuesday unless
their pay warrants are cashed by
that time.
SEATTLE, Jan. 28 (/P).—Seattle
municipal railway employees by un
animous vote early today author
ized an executive committee to or
der a walkout next Tuesday unless
their pay warrants are cashed by
that time.
SEATTLE, Jan. 28 (/P).—Seattle
municipal railway employees by un
animous vote early today author
ized an executive committee to or
der a walkout next Tuesday unless
their pay warrants are cashed by
that time.
SEATTLE, Jan. 28 (/P).—Seattle
municipal railway employees by un
animous vote early today author
ized an executive committee to or
der a walkout next Tuesday unless
their pay warrants are cashed by
that time.
SEATTLE, Jan. 28 (/P).—Seattle
municipal railway employees by un
animous vote early today author
ized an executive committee to or
der a walkout next Tuesday unless
their pay warrants are cashed by
that time.
SEATTLE, Jan. 28 (/P).—Seattle
municipal railway employees by un
animous vote early today author
ized an executive committee to or
der a walkout next Tuesday unless
their pay warrants are cashed by
that time.
SEATTLE, Jan. 28 (/P).—Seattle
municipal railway employees by un
animous vote early today author
ized an executive committee to or
der a walkout next Tuesday unless
their pay warrants are cashed by
that time.
SEATTLE, Jan. 28 (/P).—Seattle
municipal railway employees by un
animous vote early today author
ized an executive committee to or
der a walkout next Tuesday unless
their pay warrants are cashed by
that time.
