# STANFORD OFFERS HIGHER EDUCATION METHOD COURSES
## Junior College, University Administration Work Given In Seminar 
### 
Stanford University was one of
twenty-six institutions of higher
learning which offered courses last
year on various aspects of college
administration and college teaching,
according to a survey recently com
pleted by A. M. Palmer, assistant
secretary of the Association of
American Colleges.
Other institutions included in the
group were the universities of Cali
fornia, Chicago, Cincinnati, Colo
rado, lowa, Kentucky, Michigan,'
Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska,
Oklahoma, Pittsburgh, Southern
California, Washington, and Wis
consin; Duke, Indiana, New York,
Northwestern, Ohio State, and
Western Reserve universities; Colo
rado State Teachers College, George
Peabody College for Teachers, lowa
State College, and Teachers College
of Columbia University.
Various courses in the field of
higher education have been offered
at Stanford in the School of Edu
cation and it is planned to increase
the variety and scope of these. This
year four such courses are offered.
During the autumn quarter there
was a course in Junior College Or
ganization and Administration. This
quarter there is a Seminar on Jun
ior College Problems and a course
on Improvement of College Teach
ing. In the spring quarter a seminar
in College and University Admin
istration will be given. The College
Teaching and Junior College courses
will be repeated in the summer
quarter.
