# FORMAL
## Roble Presents Dance Feb. 19 
### 
Saturday, Feb. 19, from 9 to 1 p.m.
in the Women's Clubhouse, the long
postponed Roble Formal will be
given, according to Emily Howard,
dance chairman. The theme will be
"Spring Rain," which is appropriate
for that time of the year the com
mittee feels. The music will be sup
plied by Art Weidner's orchestra.
Serving under Miss Howard on the
various committees are: clean-up,
Charlotte Ohland; hostesses, Jean
Hazlett; orchestra, Dede Bergerot;
publications and posters, Barbara
Jean King; refreshments, Margaret
Foley; tickets, Harriet Hills, chair
man; tickets in Lagunita, Janet
Spear; Tickets in Union, Barbara
Iporter; Tickets in Casa Ventura, Eu
nice Erb; patrons and patronesses,
Margaret Kehoe; arrangements,
Nada Skidmore; and decorations, Jo
Glasson.
Fall Dance Postponed
These committees were originally
appointed last quarter, but due to
the flu epidemic and the pontpone
ment of the dance, they were not
able to go through with their plans.
The patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be those who were invited
to attend the formal last quarter.
Plans for the dance are progressing
rapidly and the dance should be as
successful as the one planned last
quarter. Hie committee heads are
working hard to have the plans com
pleted long before the dance is due.
The last Roble Formal was a big
success, Summer Quarter, with a
Hawaiian theme.
