# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Getting clean is great fun for Yank soldiers who take advantage ol
waterfall, on Island of New Guinea. Sharp rocks on bed of stream
arc unpleasant for tender i'eet, but they enjoy shower bath.

Getting clean is great fun for Yank soldiers who take advantage ol
waterfall, on Island of New Guinea. Sharp rocks on bed of stream
arc unpleasant for tender i'eet, but they enjoy shower bath.

Getting clean is great fun for Yank soldiers who take advantage ol
waterfall, on Island of New Guinea. Sharp rocks on bed of stream
arc unpleasant for tender i'eet, but they enjoy shower bath.

Getting clean is great fun for Yank soldiers who take advantage ol
waterfall, on Island of New Guinea. Sharp rocks on bed of stream
arc unpleasant for tender i'eet, but they enjoy shower bath.

Getting clean is great fun for Yank soldiers who take advantage ol
waterfall, on Island of New Guinea. Sharp rocks on bed of stream
arc unpleasant for tender i'eet, but they enjoy shower bath.

Getting clean is great fun for Yank soldiers who take advantage ol
waterfall, on Island of New Guinea. Sharp rocks on bed of stream
arc unpleasant for tender i'eet, but they enjoy shower bath.

Getting clean is great fun for Yank soldiers who take advantage ol
waterfall, on Island of New Guinea. Sharp rocks on bed of stream
arc unpleasant for tender i'eet, but they enjoy shower bath.

Getting clean is great fun for Yank soldiers who take advantage ol
waterfall, on Island of New Guinea. Sharp rocks on bed of stream
arc unpleasant for tender i'eet, but they enjoy shower bath.

Getting clean is great fun for Yank soldiers who take advantage ol
waterfall, on Island of New Guinea. Sharp rocks on bed of stream
arc unpleasant for tender i'eet, but they enjoy shower bath.

Getting clean is great fun for Yank soldiers who take advantage ol
waterfall, on Island of New Guinea. Sharp rocks on bed of stream
arc unpleasant for tender i'eet, but they enjoy shower bath.

Getting clean is great fun for Yank soldiers who take advantage ol
waterfall, on Island of New Guinea. Sharp rocks on bed of stream
arc unpleasant for tender i'eet, but they enjoy shower bath.

Getting clean is great fun for Yank soldiers who take advantage ol
waterfall, on Island of New Guinea. Sharp rocks on bed of stream
arc unpleasant for tender i'eet, but they enjoy shower bath.

Getting clean is great fun for Yank soldiers who take advantage ol
waterfall, on Island of New Guinea. Sharp rocks on bed of stream
arc unpleasant for tender i'eet, but they enjoy shower bath.

Getting clean is great fun for Yank soldiers who take advantage ol
waterfall, on Island of New Guinea. Sharp rocks on bed of stream
arc unpleasant for tender i'eet, but they enjoy shower bath.

Getting clean is great fun for Yank soldiers who take advantage ol
waterfall, on Island of New Guinea. Sharp rocks on bed of stream
arc unpleasant for tender i'eet, but they enjoy shower bath.
