# Adv. 12 Page 5
## 
### 
DOG LOVERS:
I'm looking for someone on or close to
campus to take care of a good-natured hun
ting dog until mid-December. Fee is
negotiable.
Call 325-6801 I
DOG LOVERS:
I'm looking for someone on or close to
campus to take care of a good-natured hun
ting dog until mid-December. Fee is
negotiable.
Call 325-6801 I
DOG LOVERS:
I'm looking for someone on or close to
campus to take care of a good-natured hun
ting dog until mid-December. Fee is
negotiable.
Call 325-6801 I
DOG LOVERS:
I'm looking for someone on or close to
campus to take care of a good-natured hun
ting dog until mid-December. Fee is
negotiable.
Call 325-6801 I
DOG LOVERS:
I'm looking for someone on or close to
campus to take care of a good-natured hun
ting dog until mid-December. Fee is
negotiable.
Call 325-6801 I
DOG LOVERS:
I'm looking for someone on or close to
campus to take care of a good-natured hun
ting dog until mid-December. Fee is
negotiable.
Call 325-6801 I
DOG LOVERS:
I'm looking for someone on or close to
campus to take care of a good-natured hun
ting dog until mid-December. Fee is
negotiable.
Call 325-6801 I
DOG LOVERS:
I'm looking for someone on or close to
campus to take care of a good-natured hun
ting dog until mid-December. Fee is
negotiable.
Call 325-6801 I
