# BOMBER IDENTIFIED
## 
### 
ANKARA, Turkey, March 3 (UP).
—Police have identified the man
who blew himself up with a bomb
that almost killed German Ambassa
dor Franz Von Papen on Feb. 24, it
was learned today. He was a Jugo
slav law student named Omer who
went to Istanbul two years ago to
study.
ANKARA, Turkey, March 3 (UP).
—Police have identified the man
who blew himself up with a bomb
that almost killed German Ambassa
dor Franz Von Papen on Feb. 24, it
was learned today. He was a Jugo
slav law student named Omer who
went to Istanbul two years ago to
study.
ANKARA, Turkey, March 3 (UP).
—Police have identified the man
who blew himself up with a bomb
that almost killed German Ambassa
dor Franz Von Papen on Feb. 24, it
was learned today. He was a Jugo
slav law student named Omer who
went to Istanbul two years ago to
study.
ANKARA, Turkey, March 3 (UP).
—Police have identified the man
who blew himself up with a bomb
that almost killed German Ambassa
dor Franz Von Papen on Feb. 24, it
was learned today. He was a Jugo
slav law student named Omer who
went to Istanbul two years ago to
study.
ANKARA, Turkey, March 3 (UP).
—Police have identified the man
who blew himself up with a bomb
that almost killed German Ambassa
dor Franz Von Papen on Feb. 24, it
was learned today. He was a Jugo
slav law student named Omer who
went to Istanbul two years ago to
study.
ANKARA, Turkey, March 3 (UP).
—Police have identified the man
who blew himself up with a bomb
that almost killed German Ambassa
dor Franz Von Papen on Feb. 24, it
was learned today. He was a Jugo
slav law student named Omer who
went to Istanbul two years ago to
study.
ANKARA, Turkey, March 3 (UP).
—Police have identified the man
who blew himself up with a bomb
that almost killed German Ambassa
dor Franz Von Papen on Feb. 24, it
was learned today. He was a Jugo
slav law student named Omer who
went to Istanbul two years ago to
study.
ANKARA, Turkey, March 3 (UP).
—Police have identified the man
who blew himself up with a bomb
that almost killed German Ambassa
dor Franz Von Papen on Feb. 24, it
was learned today. He was a Jugo
slav law student named Omer who
went to Istanbul two years ago to
study.
ANKARA, Turkey, March 3 (UP).
—Police have identified the man
who blew himself up with a bomb
that almost killed German Ambassa
dor Franz Von Papen on Feb. 24, it
was learned today. He was a Jugo
slav law student named Omer who
went to Istanbul two years ago to
study.
ANKARA, Turkey, March 3 (UP).
—Police have identified the man
who blew himself up with a bomb
that almost killed German Ambassa
dor Franz Von Papen on Feb. 24, it
was learned today. He was a Jugo
slav law student named Omer who
went to Istanbul two years ago to
study.
ANKARA, Turkey, March 3 (UP).
—Police have identified the man
who blew himself up with a bomb
that almost killed German Ambassa
dor Franz Von Papen on Feb. 24, it
was learned today. He was a Jugo
slav law student named Omer who
went to Istanbul two years ago to
study.
ANKARA, Turkey, March 3 (UP).
—Police have identified the man
who blew himself up with a bomb
that almost killed German Ambassa
dor Franz Von Papen on Feb. 24, it
was learned today. He was a Jugo
slav law student named Omer who
went to Istanbul two years ago to
study.
ANKARA, Turkey, March 3 (UP).
—Police have identified the man
who blew himself up with a bomb
that almost killed German Ambassa
dor Franz Von Papen on Feb. 24, it
was learned today. He was a Jugo
slav law student named Omer who
went to Istanbul two years ago to
study.
ANKARA, Turkey, March 3 (UP).
—Police have identified the man
who blew himself up with a bomb
that almost killed German Ambassa
dor Franz Von Papen on Feb. 24, it
was learned today. He was a Jugo
slav law student named Omer who
went to Istanbul two years ago to
study.
ANKARA, Turkey, March 3 (UP).
—Police have identified the man
who blew himself up with a bomb
that almost killed German Ambassa
dor Franz Von Papen on Feb. 24, it
was learned today. He was a Jugo
slav law student named Omer who
went to Istanbul two years ago to
study.
ANKARA, Turkey, March 3 (UP).
—Police have identified the man
who blew himself up with a bomb
that almost killed German Ambassa
dor Franz Von Papen on Feb. 24, it
was learned today. He was a Jugo
slav law student named Omer who
went to Istanbul two years ago to
study.
ANKARA, Turkey, March 3 (UP).
—Police have identified the man
who blew himself up with a bomb
that almost killed German Ambassa
dor Franz Von Papen on Feb. 24, it
was learned today. He was a Jugo
slav law student named Omer who
went to Istanbul two years ago to
study.
ANKARA, Turkey, March 3 (UP).
—Police have identified the man
who blew himself up with a bomb
that almost killed German Ambassa
dor Franz Von Papen on Feb. 24, it
was learned today. He was a Jugo
slav law student named Omer who
went to Istanbul two years ago to
study.
