# Band Needs Men For Oregon Games
## 
### 
With an enrollment of only 15
members, the Stanford Band is anx
ious to increase its size to approxi
mately 25 to make a respectable
showing at thp coming basketball
play-offs next week, Ed Carpenter,
president of the Band Club, said.
"I feel there is a definite possibil
ity that the band will be able to
perform for the play-ofts if a few of
the old members return to the fold,"
said Carpenter.
With an enrollment of only 15
members, the Stanford Band is anx
ious to increase its size to approxi
mately 25 to make a respectable
showing at thp coming basketball
play-offs next week, Ed Carpenter,
president of the Band Club, said.
"I feel there is a definite possibil
ity that the band will be able to
perform for the play-ofts if a few of
the old members return to the fold,"
said Carpenter.
With an enrollment of only 15
members, the Stanford Band is anx
ious to increase its size to approxi
mately 25 to make a respectable
showing at thp coming basketball
play-offs next week, Ed Carpenter,
president of the Band Club, said.
"I feel there is a definite possibil
ity that the band will be able to
perform for the play-ofts if a few of
the old members return to the fold,"
said Carpenter.
With an enrollment of only 15
members, the Stanford Band is anx
ious to increase its size to approxi
mately 25 to make a respectable
showing at thp coming basketball
play-offs next week, Ed Carpenter,
president of the Band Club, said.
"I feel there is a definite possibil
ity that the band will be able to
perform for the play-ofts if a few of
the old members return to the fold,"
said Carpenter.
With an enrollment of only 15
members, the Stanford Band is anx
ious to increase its size to approxi
mately 25 to make a respectable
showing at thp coming basketball
play-offs next week, Ed Carpenter,
president of the Band Club, said.
"I feel there is a definite possibil
ity that the band will be able to
perform for the play-ofts if a few of
the old members return to the fold,"
said Carpenter.
With an enrollment of only 15
members, the Stanford Band is anx
ious to increase its size to approxi
mately 25 to make a respectable
showing at thp coming basketball
play-offs next week, Ed Carpenter,
president of the Band Club, said.
"I feel there is a definite possibil
ity that the band will be able to
perform for the play-ofts if a few of
the old members return to the fold,"
said Carpenter.
With an enrollment of only 15
members, the Stanford Band is anx
ious to increase its size to approxi
mately 25 to make a respectable
showing at thp coming basketball
play-offs next week, Ed Carpenter,
president of the Band Club, said.
"I feel there is a definite possibil
ity that the band will be able to
perform for the play-ofts if a few of
the old members return to the fold,"
said Carpenter.
With an enrollment of only 15
members, the Stanford Band is anx
ious to increase its size to approxi
mately 25 to make a respectable
showing at thp coming basketball
play-offs next week, Ed Carpenter,
president of the Band Club, said.
"I feel there is a definite possibil
ity that the band will be able to
perform for the play-ofts if a few of
the old members return to the fold,"
said Carpenter.
With an enrollment of only 15
members, the Stanford Band is anx
ious to increase its size to approxi
mately 25 to make a respectable
showing at thp coming basketball
play-offs next week, Ed Carpenter,
president of the Band Club, said.
"I feel there is a definite possibil
ity that the band will be able to
perform for the play-ofts if a few of
the old members return to the fold,"
said Carpenter.
With an enrollment of only 15
members, the Stanford Band is anx
ious to increase its size to approxi
mately 25 to make a respectable
showing at thp coming basketball
play-offs next week, Ed Carpenter,
president of the Band Club, said.
"I feel there is a definite possibil
ity that the band will be able to
perform for the play-ofts if a few of
the old members return to the fold,"
said Carpenter.
With an enrollment of only 15
members, the Stanford Band is anx
ious to increase its size to approxi
mately 25 to make a respectable
showing at thp coming basketball
play-offs next week, Ed Carpenter,
president of the Band Club, said.
"I feel there is a definite possibil
ity that the band will be able to
perform for the play-ofts if a few of
the old members return to the fold,"
said Carpenter.
With an enrollment of only 15
members, the Stanford Band is anx
ious to increase its size to approxi
mately 25 to make a respectable
showing at thp coming basketball
play-offs next week, Ed Carpenter,
president of the Band Club, said.
"I feel there is a definite possibil
ity that the band will be able to
perform for the play-ofts if a few of
the old members return to the fold,"
said Carpenter.
With an enrollment of only 15
members, the Stanford Band is anx
ious to increase its size to approxi
mately 25 to make a respectable
showing at thp coming basketball
play-offs next week, Ed Carpenter,
president of the Band Club, said.
"I feel there is a definite possibil
ity that the band will be able to
perform for the play-ofts if a few of
the old members return to the fold,"
said Carpenter.
With an enrollment of only 15
members, the Stanford Band is anx
ious to increase its size to approxi
mately 25 to make a respectable
showing at thp coming basketball
play-offs next week, Ed Carpenter,
president of the Band Club, said.
"I feel there is a definite possibil
ity that the band will be able to
perform for the play-ofts if a few of
the old members return to the fold,"
said Carpenter.
With an enrollment of only 15
members, the Stanford Band is anx
ious to increase its size to approxi
mately 25 to make a respectable
showing at thp coming basketball
play-offs next week, Ed Carpenter,
president of the Band Club, said.
"I feel there is a definite possibil
ity that the band will be able to
perform for the play-ofts if a few of
the old members return to the fold,"
said Carpenter.
With an enrollment of only 15
members, the Stanford Band is anx
ious to increase its size to approxi
mately 25 to make a respectable
showing at thp coming basketball
play-offs next week, Ed Carpenter,
president of the Band Club, said.
"I feel there is a definite possibil
ity that the band will be able to
perform for the play-ofts if a few of
the old members return to the fold,"
said Carpenter.
With an enrollment of only 15
members, the Stanford Band is anx
ious to increase its size to approxi
mately 25 to make a respectable
showing at thp coming basketball
play-offs next week, Ed Carpenter,
president of the Band Club, said.
"I feel there is a definite possibil
ity that the band will be able to
perform for the play-ofts if a few of
the old members return to the fold,"
said Carpenter.
With an enrollment of only 15
members, the Stanford Band is anx
ious to increase its size to approxi
mately 25 to make a respectable
showing at thp coming basketball
play-offs next week, Ed Carpenter,
president of the Band Club, said.
"I feel there is a definite possibil
ity that the band will be able to
perform for the play-ofts if a few of
the old members return to the fold,"
said Carpenter.
