# O.S.C. Hoop Tickets To Sell Tomorrow
## 
### 
Rooters tickets for the first and
second games of the Stanford -
Oregon State basketball play-off
scries in the Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, March 13 and 14, will
be on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control office tomorrow and
Friday from 8:l>0 a.m. to 5 p.m.
If a third game is ncccssary, tick
ets will be sold at the Board of
Athletic Control office on the day
of the game, Monday, March 16,
beginning at 8:110 a.m. Rooters
tickets will be 40 cents each.
Rooters tickets for the first and
second games of the Stanford -
Oregon State basketball play-off
scries in the Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, March 13 and 14, will
be on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control office tomorrow and
Friday from 8:l>0 a.m. to 5 p.m.
If a third game is ncccssary, tick
ets will be sold at the Board of
Athletic Control office on the day
of the game, Monday, March 16,
beginning at 8:110 a.m. Rooters
tickets will be 40 cents each.
Rooters tickets for the first and
second games of the Stanford -
Oregon State basketball play-off
scries in the Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, March 13 and 14, will
be on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control office tomorrow and
Friday from 8:l>0 a.m. to 5 p.m.
If a third game is ncccssary, tick
ets will be sold at the Board of
Athletic Control office on the day
of the game, Monday, March 16,
beginning at 8:110 a.m. Rooters
tickets will be 40 cents each.
Rooters tickets for the first and
second games of the Stanford -
Oregon State basketball play-off
scries in the Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, March 13 and 14, will
be on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control office tomorrow and
Friday from 8:l>0 a.m. to 5 p.m.
If a third game is ncccssary, tick
ets will be sold at the Board of
Athletic Control office on the day
of the game, Monday, March 16,
beginning at 8:110 a.m. Rooters
tickets will be 40 cents each.
Rooters tickets for the first and
second games of the Stanford -
Oregon State basketball play-off
scries in the Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, March 13 and 14, will
be on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control office tomorrow and
Friday from 8:l>0 a.m. to 5 p.m.
If a third game is ncccssary, tick
ets will be sold at the Board of
Athletic Control office on the day
of the game, Monday, March 16,
beginning at 8:110 a.m. Rooters
tickets will be 40 cents each.
Rooters tickets for the first and
second games of the Stanford -
Oregon State basketball play-off
scries in the Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, March 13 and 14, will
be on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control office tomorrow and
Friday from 8:l>0 a.m. to 5 p.m.
If a third game is ncccssary, tick
ets will be sold at the Board of
Athletic Control office on the day
of the game, Monday, March 16,
beginning at 8:110 a.m. Rooters
tickets will be 40 cents each.
Rooters tickets for the first and
second games of the Stanford -
Oregon State basketball play-off
scries in the Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, March 13 and 14, will
be on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control office tomorrow and
Friday from 8:l>0 a.m. to 5 p.m.
If a third game is ncccssary, tick
ets will be sold at the Board of
Athletic Control office on the day
of the game, Monday, March 16,
beginning at 8:110 a.m. Rooters
tickets will be 40 cents each.
Rooters tickets for the first and
second games of the Stanford -
Oregon State basketball play-off
scries in the Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, March 13 and 14, will
be on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control office tomorrow and
Friday from 8:l>0 a.m. to 5 p.m.
If a third game is ncccssary, tick
ets will be sold at the Board of
Athletic Control office on the day
of the game, Monday, March 16,
beginning at 8:110 a.m. Rooters
tickets will be 40 cents each.
Rooters tickets for the first and
second games of the Stanford -
Oregon State basketball play-off
scries in the Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, March 13 and 14, will
be on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control office tomorrow and
Friday from 8:l>0 a.m. to 5 p.m.
If a third game is ncccssary, tick
ets will be sold at the Board of
Athletic Control office on the day
of the game, Monday, March 16,
beginning at 8:110 a.m. Rooters
tickets will be 40 cents each.
Rooters tickets for the first and
second games of the Stanford -
Oregon State basketball play-off
scries in the Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, March 13 and 14, will
be on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control office tomorrow and
Friday from 8:l>0 a.m. to 5 p.m.
If a third game is ncccssary, tick
ets will be sold at the Board of
Athletic Control office on the day
of the game, Monday, March 16,
beginning at 8:110 a.m. Rooters
tickets will be 40 cents each.
Rooters tickets for the first and
second games of the Stanford -
Oregon State basketball play-off
scries in the Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, March 13 and 14, will
be on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control office tomorrow and
Friday from 8:l>0 a.m. to 5 p.m.
If a third game is ncccssary, tick
ets will be sold at the Board of
Athletic Control office on the day
of the game, Monday, March 16,
beginning at 8:110 a.m. Rooters
tickets will be 40 cents each.
Rooters tickets for the first and
second games of the Stanford -
Oregon State basketball play-off
scries in the Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, March 13 and 14, will
be on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control office tomorrow and
Friday from 8:l>0 a.m. to 5 p.m.
If a third game is ncccssary, tick
ets will be sold at the Board of
Athletic Control office on the day
of the game, Monday, March 16,
beginning at 8:110 a.m. Rooters
tickets will be 40 cents each.
Rooters tickets for the first and
second games of the Stanford -
Oregon State basketball play-off
scries in the Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, March 13 and 14, will
be on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control office tomorrow and
Friday from 8:l>0 a.m. to 5 p.m.
If a third game is ncccssary, tick
ets will be sold at the Board of
Athletic Control office on the day
of the game, Monday, March 16,
beginning at 8:110 a.m. Rooters
tickets will be 40 cents each.
Rooters tickets for the first and
second games of the Stanford -
Oregon State basketball play-off
scries in the Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, March 13 and 14, will
be on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control office tomorrow and
Friday from 8:l>0 a.m. to 5 p.m.
If a third game is ncccssary, tick
ets will be sold at the Board of
Athletic Control office on the day
of the game, Monday, March 16,
beginning at 8:110 a.m. Rooters
tickets will be 40 cents each.
Rooters tickets for the first and
second games of the Stanford -
Oregon State basketball play-off
scries in the Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, March 13 and 14, will
be on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control office tomorrow and
Friday from 8:l>0 a.m. to 5 p.m.
If a third game is ncccssary, tick
ets will be sold at the Board of
Athletic Control office on the day
of the game, Monday, March 16,
beginning at 8:110 a.m. Rooters
tickets will be 40 cents each.
Rooters tickets for the first and
second games of the Stanford -
Oregon State basketball play-off
scries in the Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, March 13 and 14, will
be on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control office tomorrow and
Friday from 8:l>0 a.m. to 5 p.m.
If a third game is ncccssary, tick
ets will be sold at the Board of
Athletic Control office on the day
of the game, Monday, March 16,
beginning at 8:110 a.m. Rooters
tickets will be 40 cents each.
Rooters tickets for the first and
second games of the Stanford -
Oregon State basketball play-off
scries in the Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, March 13 and 14, will
be on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control office tomorrow and
Friday from 8:l>0 a.m. to 5 p.m.
If a third game is ncccssary, tick
ets will be sold at the Board of
Athletic Control office on the day
of the game, Monday, March 16,
beginning at 8:110 a.m. Rooters
tickets will be 40 cents each.
Rooters tickets for the first and
second games of the Stanford -
Oregon State basketball play-off
scries in the Pavilion Friday and
Saturday, March 13 and 14, will
be on sale at the Board of Ath
letic Control office tomorrow and
Friday from 8:l>0 a.m. to 5 p.m.
If a third game is ncccssary, tick
ets will be sold at the Board of
Athletic Control office on the day
of the game, Monday, March 16,
beginning at 8:110 a.m. Rooters
tickets will be 40 cents each.
