# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The student body should elect
student officers at the coming'
spring elections for next year who
plan to be registered in the Uni
versity summer quarter, or else
elect alternates, due to the new
four - quarter basis. Chancellor
Kay Lyman Wilbur told Ex Com
mittee last night. Excom decided
spring quarter elections will be
held the second week in spring
quarter.
The student body should elect
student officers at the coming'
spring elections for next year who
plan to be registered in the Uni
versity summer quarter, or else
elect alternates, due to the new
four - quarter basis. Chancellor
Kay Lyman Wilbur told Ex Com
mittee last night. Excom decided
spring quarter elections will be
held the second week in spring
quarter.
The student body should elect
student officers at the coming'
spring elections for next year who
plan to be registered in the Uni
versity summer quarter, or else
elect alternates, due to the new
four - quarter basis. Chancellor
Kay Lyman Wilbur told Ex Com
mittee last night. Excom decided
spring quarter elections will be
held the second week in spring
quarter.
The student body should elect
student officers at the coming'
spring elections for next year who
plan to be registered in the Uni
versity summer quarter, or else
elect alternates, due to the new
four - quarter basis. Chancellor
Kay Lyman Wilbur told Ex Com
mittee last night. Excom decided
spring quarter elections will be
held the second week in spring
quarter.
The student body should elect
student officers at the coming'
spring elections for next year who
plan to be registered in the Uni
versity summer quarter, or else
elect alternates, due to the new
four - quarter basis. Chancellor
Kay Lyman Wilbur told Ex Com
mittee last night. Excom decided
spring quarter elections will be
held the second week in spring
quarter.
The student body should elect
student officers at the coming'
spring elections for next year who
plan to be registered in the Uni
versity summer quarter, or else
elect alternates, due to the new
four - quarter basis. Chancellor
Kay Lyman Wilbur told Ex Com
mittee last night. Excom decided
spring quarter elections will be
held the second week in spring
quarter.
The student body should elect
student officers at the coming'
spring elections for next year who
plan to be registered in the Uni
versity summer quarter, or else
elect alternates, due to the new
four - quarter basis. Chancellor
Kay Lyman Wilbur told Ex Com
mittee last night. Excom decided
spring quarter elections will be
held the second week in spring
quarter.
The student body should elect
student officers at the coming'
spring elections for next year who
plan to be registered in the Uni
versity summer quarter, or else
elect alternates, due to the new
four - quarter basis. Chancellor
Kay Lyman Wilbur told Ex Com
mittee last night. Excom decided
spring quarter elections will be
held the second week in spring
quarter.
The student body should elect
student officers at the coming'
spring elections for next year who
plan to be registered in the Uni
versity summer quarter, or else
elect alternates, due to the new
four - quarter basis. Chancellor
Kay Lyman Wilbur told Ex Com
mittee last night. Excom decided
spring quarter elections will be
held the second week in spring
quarter.
The student body should elect
student officers at the coming'
spring elections for next year who
plan to be registered in the Uni
versity summer quarter, or else
elect alternates, due to the new
four - quarter basis. Chancellor
Kay Lyman Wilbur told Ex Com
mittee last night. Excom decided
spring quarter elections will be
held the second week in spring
quarter.
The student body should elect
student officers at the coming'
spring elections for next year who
plan to be registered in the Uni
versity summer quarter, or else
elect alternates, due to the new
four - quarter basis. Chancellor
Kay Lyman Wilbur told Ex Com
mittee last night. Excom decided
spring quarter elections will be
held the second week in spring
quarter.
The student body should elect
student officers at the coming'
spring elections for next year who
plan to be registered in the Uni
versity summer quarter, or else
elect alternates, due to the new
four - quarter basis. Chancellor
Kay Lyman Wilbur told Ex Com
mittee last night. Excom decided
spring quarter elections will be
held the second week in spring
quarter.
The student body should elect
student officers at the coming'
spring elections for next year who
plan to be registered in the Uni
versity summer quarter, or else
elect alternates, due to the new
four - quarter basis. Chancellor
Kay Lyman Wilbur told Ex Com
mittee last night. Excom decided
spring quarter elections will be
held the second week in spring
quarter.
The student body should elect
student officers at the coming'
spring elections for next year who
plan to be registered in the Uni
versity summer quarter, or else
elect alternates, due to the new
four - quarter basis. Chancellor
Kay Lyman Wilbur told Ex Com
mittee last night. Excom decided
spring quarter elections will be
held the second week in spring
quarter.
The student body should elect
student officers at the coming'
spring elections for next year who
plan to be registered in the Uni
versity summer quarter, or else
elect alternates, due to the new
four - quarter basis. Chancellor
Kay Lyman Wilbur told Ex Com
mittee last night. Excom decided
spring quarter elections will be
held the second week in spring
quarter.
The student body should elect
student officers at the coming'
spring elections for next year who
plan to be registered in the Uni
versity summer quarter, or else
elect alternates, due to the new
four - quarter basis. Chancellor
Kay Lyman Wilbur told Ex Com
mittee last night. Excom decided
spring quarter elections will be
held the second week in spring
quarter.
The student body should elect
student officers at the coming'
spring elections for next year who
plan to be registered in the Uni
versity summer quarter, or else
elect alternates, due to the new
four - quarter basis. Chancellor
Kay Lyman Wilbur told Ex Com
mittee last night. Excom decided
spring quarter elections will be
held the second week in spring
quarter.
The student body should elect
student officers at the coming'
spring elections for next year who
plan to be registered in the Uni
versity summer quarter, or else
elect alternates, due to the new
four - quarter basis. Chancellor
Kay Lyman Wilbur told Ex Com
mittee last night. Excom decided
spring quarter elections will be
held the second week in spring
quarter.
