# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Sir Harry Lauder is
Visitor on Campus
Sirr Harry Lauder, the well-known
international Scotch comedian, was a
visitor on the Stanford Campus today.
At present he is touring the United
Stsites with his own company of mu
sicians and dancers, and is now play
ing in the city.
Sir Harry Lauder is
Visitor on Campus
Sirr Harry Lauder, the well-known
international Scotch comedian, was a
visitor on the Stanford Campus today.
At present he is touring the United
Stsites with his own company of mu
sicians and dancers, and is now play
ing in the city.
Sir Harry Lauder is
Visitor on Campus
Sirr Harry Lauder, the well-known
international Scotch comedian, was a
visitor on the Stanford Campus today.
At present he is touring the United
Stsites with his own company of mu
sicians and dancers, and is now play
ing in the city.
Sir Harry Lauder is
Visitor on Campus
Sirr Harry Lauder, the well-known
international Scotch comedian, was a
visitor on the Stanford Campus today.
At present he is touring the United
Stsites with his own company of mu
sicians and dancers, and is now play
ing in the city.
Sir Harry Lauder is
Visitor on Campus
Sirr Harry Lauder, the well-known
international Scotch comedian, was a
visitor on the Stanford Campus today.
At present he is touring the United
Stsites with his own company of mu
sicians and dancers, and is now play
ing in the city.
Sir Harry Lauder is
Visitor on Campus
Sirr Harry Lauder, the well-known
international Scotch comedian, was a
visitor on the Stanford Campus today.
At present he is touring the United
Stsites with his own company of mu
sicians and dancers, and is now play
ing in the city.
Sir Harry Lauder is
Visitor on Campus
Sirr Harry Lauder, the well-known
international Scotch comedian, was a
visitor on the Stanford Campus today.
At present he is touring the United
Stsites with his own company of mu
sicians and dancers, and is now play
ing in the city.
Sir Harry Lauder is
Visitor on Campus
Sirr Harry Lauder, the well-known
international Scotch comedian, was a
visitor on the Stanford Campus today.
At present he is touring the United
Stsites with his own company of mu
sicians and dancers, and is now play
ing in the city.
Sir Harry Lauder is
Visitor on Campus
Sirr Harry Lauder, the well-known
international Scotch comedian, was a
visitor on the Stanford Campus today.
At present he is touring the United
Stsites with his own company of mu
sicians and dancers, and is now play
ing in the city.
Sir Harry Lauder is
Visitor on Campus
Sirr Harry Lauder, the well-known
international Scotch comedian, was a
visitor on the Stanford Campus today.
At present he is touring the United
Stsites with his own company of mu
sicians and dancers, and is now play
ing in the city.
Sir Harry Lauder is
Visitor on Campus
Sirr Harry Lauder, the well-known
international Scotch comedian, was a
visitor on the Stanford Campus today.
At present he is touring the United
Stsites with his own company of mu
sicians and dancers, and is now play
ing in the city.
Sir Harry Lauder is
Visitor on Campus
Sirr Harry Lauder, the well-known
international Scotch comedian, was a
visitor on the Stanford Campus today.
At present he is touring the United
Stsites with his own company of mu
sicians and dancers, and is now play
ing in the city.
Sir Harry Lauder is
Visitor on Campus
Sirr Harry Lauder, the well-known
international Scotch comedian, was a
visitor on the Stanford Campus today.
At present he is touring the United
Stsites with his own company of mu
sicians and dancers, and is now play
ing in the city.
Sir Harry Lauder is
Visitor on Campus
Sirr Harry Lauder, the well-known
international Scotch comedian, was a
visitor on the Stanford Campus today.
At present he is touring the United
Stsites with his own company of mu
sicians and dancers, and is now play
ing in the city.
Sir Harry Lauder is
Visitor on Campus
Sirr Harry Lauder, the well-known
international Scotch comedian, was a
visitor on the Stanford Campus today.
At present he is touring the United
Stsites with his own company of mu
sicians and dancers, and is now play
ing in the city.
Sir Harry Lauder is
Visitor on Campus
Sirr Harry Lauder, the well-known
international Scotch comedian, was a
visitor on the Stanford Campus today.
At present he is touring the United
Stsites with his own company of mu
sicians and dancers, and is now play
ing in the city.
