# CAMPBELL IS CERTAIN OF CARDINAL VICTORY
## 
### 
"The game Is going to be a fight,
beginning at the sound of the flrßt
whistle and not ending until the last
me. We have the fight that is nec
essary and with this we will win."
PAUL CAMPBELL.
"The game Is going to be a fight,
beginning at the sound of the flrßt
whistle and not ending until the last
me. We have the fight that is nec
essary and with this we will win."
PAUL CAMPBELL.
"The game Is going to be a fight,
beginning at the sound of the flrßt
whistle and not ending until the last
me. We have the fight that is nec
essary and with this we will win."
PAUL CAMPBELL.
"The game Is going to be a fight,
beginning at the sound of the flrßt
whistle and not ending until the last
me. We have the fight that is nec
essary and with this we will win."
PAUL CAMPBELL.
"The game Is going to be a fight,
beginning at the sound of the flrßt
whistle and not ending until the last
me. We have the fight that is nec
essary and with this we will win."
PAUL CAMPBELL.
"The game Is going to be a fight,
beginning at the sound of the flrßt
whistle and not ending until the last
me. We have the fight that is nec
essary and with this we will win."
PAUL CAMPBELL.
"The game Is going to be a fight,
beginning at the sound of the flrßt
whistle and not ending until the last
me. We have the fight that is nec
essary and with this we will win."
PAUL CAMPBELL.
"The game Is going to be a fight,
beginning at the sound of the flrßt
whistle and not ending until the last
me. We have the fight that is nec
essary and with this we will win."
PAUL CAMPBELL.
"The game Is going to be a fight,
beginning at the sound of the flrßt
whistle and not ending until the last
me. We have the fight that is nec
essary and with this we will win."
PAUL CAMPBELL.
"The game Is going to be a fight,
beginning at the sound of the flrßt
whistle and not ending until the last
me. We have the fight that is nec
essary and with this we will win."
PAUL CAMPBELL.
"The game Is going to be a fight,
beginning at the sound of the flrßt
whistle and not ending until the last
me. We have the fight that is nec
essary and with this we will win."
PAUL CAMPBELL.
"The game Is going to be a fight,
beginning at the sound of the flrßt
whistle and not ending until the last
me. We have the fight that is nec
essary and with this we will win."
PAUL CAMPBELL.
"The game Is going to be a fight,
beginning at the sound of the flrßt
whistle and not ending until the last
me. We have the fight that is nec
essary and with this we will win."
PAUL CAMPBELL.
"The game Is going to be a fight,
beginning at the sound of the flrßt
whistle and not ending until the last
me. We have the fight that is nec
essary and with this we will win."
PAUL CAMPBELL.
"The game Is going to be a fight,
beginning at the sound of the flrßt
whistle and not ending until the last
me. We have the fight that is nec
essary and with this we will win."
PAUL CAMPBELL.
"The game Is going to be a fight,
beginning at the sound of the flrßt
whistle and not ending until the last
me. We have the fight that is nec
essary and with this we will win."
PAUL CAMPBELL.
