# PRESIDENT WILBUR COMPLETES THREE WEEK TOUR TODAY
## 
### 
President Wilbur returned to the
campus last night after an extended
tour in the east where he spoke at
numerous conventions and at several
universities. He arrived in San Fran
cisco at G o'clock last night and came
to the campus later in the envening.
Wilbur's principal speeches were
delivered at Columbus, Ohio, before
the Association of American Universi
ties which was convened at the Ohio
Lake Erie College. This latter insti
tution is the one from which Dr. Wil
bur's mother graduated.
While in New York Dr. Wilbur and
Herbert Hoover attended several din
ners and luncheons. An account of
their speeches has been received from
Frank J. Taylor, '18 who is now night
manager of the United Press in New
York. President Wilbur told of his
plans for the University, and among
other things spoke of the plans for
additional dormitories for women stu
dents and an eating commons. Hoover
gave some interesting statistics in re
gard to affairs at the University.
Dr. Wilbur will attend the Big Game
with California Saturday afternoon.
