# Bleak ancestry
## 
### 
As he pronged the dying
fire, Martin sensed the pres
ence of his parents in the
room, not as flaming bells of
wow this time, but as a happ>
couple, holding hands and
watching him do diddle with
Melissa for them, just as he
h.id once done proud piddle
for them in his personal pot.
Clearly, they saw him as the
redeemer of all their misal
liances, the conqueror of in
coherence, the spirit of syn
thesis in an anarchic family.
— Billy Phelan's Greatest Game
As he pronged the dying
fire, Martin sensed the pres
ence of his parents in the
room, not as flaming bells of
wow this time, but as a happ>
couple, holding hands and
watching him do diddle with
Melissa for them, just as he
h.id once done proud piddle
for them in his personal pot.
Clearly, they saw him as the
redeemer of all their misal
liances, the conqueror of in
coherence, the spirit of syn
thesis in an anarchic family.
— Billy Phelan's Greatest Game
As he pronged the dying
fire, Martin sensed the pres
ence of his parents in the
room, not as flaming bells of
wow this time, but as a happ>
couple, holding hands and
watching him do diddle with
Melissa for them, just as he
h.id once done proud piddle
for them in his personal pot.
Clearly, they saw him as the
redeemer of all their misal
liances, the conqueror of in
coherence, the spirit of syn
thesis in an anarchic family.
— Billy Phelan's Greatest Game
As he pronged the dying
fire, Martin sensed the pres
ence of his parents in the
room, not as flaming bells of
wow this time, but as a happ>
couple, holding hands and
watching him do diddle with
Melissa for them, just as he
h.id once done proud piddle
for them in his personal pot.
Clearly, they saw him as the
redeemer of all their misal
liances, the conqueror of in
coherence, the spirit of syn
thesis in an anarchic family.
— Billy Phelan's Greatest Game
As he pronged the dying
fire, Martin sensed the pres
ence of his parents in the
room, not as flaming bells of
wow this time, but as a happ>
couple, holding hands and
watching him do diddle with
Melissa for them, just as he
h.id once done proud piddle
for them in his personal pot.
Clearly, they saw him as the
redeemer of all their misal
liances, the conqueror of in
coherence, the spirit of syn
thesis in an anarchic family.
— Billy Phelan's Greatest Game
As he pronged the dying
fire, Martin sensed the pres
ence of his parents in the
room, not as flaming bells of
wow this time, but as a happ>
couple, holding hands and
watching him do diddle with
Melissa for them, just as he
h.id once done proud piddle
for them in his personal pot.
Clearly, they saw him as the
redeemer of all their misal
liances, the conqueror of in
coherence, the spirit of syn
thesis in an anarchic family.
— Billy Phelan's Greatest Game
As he pronged the dying
fire, Martin sensed the pres
ence of his parents in the
room, not as flaming bells of
wow this time, but as a happ>
couple, holding hands and
watching him do diddle with
Melissa for them, just as he
h.id once done proud piddle
for them in his personal pot.
Clearly, they saw him as the
redeemer of all their misal
liances, the conqueror of in
coherence, the spirit of syn
thesis in an anarchic family.
— Billy Phelan's Greatest Game
