# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS^
£ *
■ ■
B The King is in the 0
M counting house m
counting out his
£ money. And why V
Bdoes he have this
money to count? In
fH Because he heard q
about the giant K3
R A Clearance
■ Sale that is now in
progress. He went
Q down and stocked
■ up on famous a
$5 Mr. White
■ broadcloth and
oxford cloth shirts
■ for only 3.95 each!
■ ■
r «
: bb;
INDIANS^
£ *
■ ■
B The King is in the 0
M counting house m
counting out his
£ money. And why V
Bdoes he have this
money to count? In
fH Because he heard q
about the giant K3
R A Clearance
■ Sale that is now in
progress. He went
Q down and stocked
■ up on famous a
$5 Mr. White
■ broadcloth and
oxford cloth shirts
■ for only 3.95 each!
■ ■
r «
: bb;
INDIANS^
£ *
■ ■
B The King is in the 0
M counting house m
counting out his
£ money. And why V
Bdoes he have this
money to count? In
fH Because he heard q
about the giant K3
R A Clearance
■ Sale that is now in
progress. He went
Q down and stocked
■ up on famous a
$5 Mr. White
■ broadcloth and
oxford cloth shirts
■ for only 3.95 each!
■ ■
r «
: bb;
INDIANS^
£ *
■ ■
B The King is in the 0
M counting house m
counting out his
£ money. And why V
Bdoes he have this
money to count? In
fH Because he heard q
about the giant K3
R A Clearance
■ Sale that is now in
progress. He went
Q down and stocked
■ up on famous a
$5 Mr. White
■ broadcloth and
oxford cloth shirts
■ for only 3.95 each!
■ ■
r «
: bb;
INDIANS^
£ *
■ ■
B The King is in the 0
M counting house m
counting out his
£ money. And why V
Bdoes he have this
money to count? In
fH Because he heard q
about the giant K3
R A Clearance
■ Sale that is now in
progress. He went
Q down and stocked
■ up on famous a
$5 Mr. White
■ broadcloth and
oxford cloth shirts
■ for only 3.95 each!
■ ■
r «
: bb;
INDIANS^
£ *
■ ■
B The King is in the 0
M counting house m
counting out his
£ money. And why V
Bdoes he have this
money to count? In
fH Because he heard q
about the giant K3
R A Clearance
■ Sale that is now in
progress. He went
Q down and stocked
■ up on famous a
$5 Mr. White
■ broadcloth and
oxford cloth shirts
■ for only 3.95 each!
■ ■
r «
: bb;
INDIANS^
£ *
■ ■
B The King is in the 0
M counting house m
counting out his
£ money. And why V
Bdoes he have this
money to count? In
fH Because he heard q
about the giant K3
R A Clearance
■ Sale that is now in
progress. He went
Q down and stocked
■ up on famous a
$5 Mr. White
■ broadcloth and
oxford cloth shirts
■ for only 3.95 each!
■ ■
r «
: bb;
INDIANS^
£ *
■ ■
B The King is in the 0
M counting house m
counting out his
£ money. And why V
Bdoes he have this
money to count? In
fH Because he heard q
about the giant K3
R A Clearance
■ Sale that is now in
progress. He went
Q down and stocked
■ up on famous a
$5 Mr. White
■ broadcloth and
oxford cloth shirts
■ for only 3.95 each!
■ ■
r «
: bb;
INDIANS^
£ *
■ ■
B The King is in the 0
M counting house m
counting out his
£ money. And why V
Bdoes he have this
money to count? In
fH Because he heard q
about the giant K3
R A Clearance
■ Sale that is now in
progress. He went
Q down and stocked
■ up on famous a
$5 Mr. White
■ broadcloth and
oxford cloth shirts
■ for only 3.95 each!
■ ■
r «
: bb;
INDIANS^
£ *
■ ■
B The King is in the 0
M counting house m
counting out his
£ money. And why V
Bdoes he have this
money to count? In
fH Because he heard q
about the giant K3
R A Clearance
■ Sale that is now in
progress. He went
Q down and stocked
■ up on famous a
$5 Mr. White
■ broadcloth and
oxford cloth shirts
■ for only 3.95 each!
■ ■
r «
: bb;
INDIANS^
£ *
■ ■
B The King is in the 0
M counting house m
counting out his
£ money. And why V
Bdoes he have this
money to count? In
fH Because he heard q
about the giant K3
R A Clearance
■ Sale that is now in
progress. He went
Q down and stocked
■ up on famous a
$5 Mr. White
■ broadcloth and
oxford cloth shirts
■ for only 3.95 each!
■ ■
r «
: bb;
INDIANS^
£ *
■ ■
B The King is in the 0
M counting house m
counting out his
£ money. And why V
Bdoes he have this
money to count? In
fH Because he heard q
about the giant K3
R A Clearance
■ Sale that is now in
progress. He went
Q down and stocked
■ up on famous a
$5 Mr. White
■ broadcloth and
oxford cloth shirts
■ for only 3.95 each!
■ ■
r «
: bb;
INDIANS^
£ *
■ ■
B The King is in the 0
M counting house m
counting out his
£ money. And why V
Bdoes he have this
money to count? In
fH Because he heard q
about the giant K3
R A Clearance
■ Sale that is now in
progress. He went
Q down and stocked
■ up on famous a
$5 Mr. White
■ broadcloth and
oxford cloth shirts
■ for only 3.95 each!
■ ■
r «
: bb;
INDIANS^
£ *
■ ■
B The King is in the 0
M counting house m
counting out his
£ money. And why V
Bdoes he have this
money to count? In
fH Because he heard q
about the giant K3
R A Clearance
■ Sale that is now in
progress. He went
Q down and stocked
■ up on famous a
$5 Mr. White
■ broadcloth and
oxford cloth shirts
■ for only 3.95 each!
■ ■
r «
: bb;
INDIANS^
£ *
■ ■
B The King is in the 0
M counting house m
counting out his
£ money. And why V
Bdoes he have this
money to count? In
fH Because he heard q
about the giant K3
R A Clearance
■ Sale that is now in
progress. He went
Q down and stocked
■ up on famous a
$5 Mr. White
■ broadcloth and
oxford cloth shirts
■ for only 3.95 each!
■ ■
r «
: bb;
INDIANS^
£ *
■ ■
B The King is in the 0
M counting house m
counting out his
£ money. And why V
Bdoes he have this
money to count? In
fH Because he heard q
about the giant K3
R A Clearance
■ Sale that is now in
progress. He went
Q down and stocked
■ up on famous a
$5 Mr. White
■ broadcloth and
oxford cloth shirts
■ for only 3.95 each!
■ ■
r «
: bb;
INDIANS^
£ *
■ ■
B The King is in the 0
M counting house m
counting out his
£ money. And why V
Bdoes he have this
money to count? In
fH Because he heard q
about the giant K3
R A Clearance
■ Sale that is now in
progress. He went
Q down and stocked
■ up on famous a
$5 Mr. White
■ broadcloth and
oxford cloth shirts
■ for only 3.95 each!
■ ■
r «
: bb;
