# Zannetos to Speak On MIT Program
## 
### 
Zenon S. Zannetos, Assistant
Professor of Industrial Manage
ment at Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, will speak to all
interested engineering students
today about the M.I.T. graduate
school of Industrial Management.
Zannetos, presently studying at
Stanford under a Ford Founda
tion Fellowship, was graduated
from the University of Kansas
and received his S.M. and Ph.D.
from M.I.T.
The lecture will be delivered in
the lounge of the Women's Club
house from 3:30-5 p.m.
Zenon S. Zannetos, Assistant
Professor of Industrial Manage
ment at Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, will speak to all
interested engineering students
today about the M.I.T. graduate
school of Industrial Management.
Zannetos, presently studying at
Stanford under a Ford Founda
tion Fellowship, was graduated
from the University of Kansas
and received his S.M. and Ph.D.
from M.I.T.
The lecture will be delivered in
the lounge of the Women's Club
house from 3:30-5 p.m.
Zenon S. Zannetos, Assistant
Professor of Industrial Manage
ment at Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, will speak to all
interested engineering students
today about the M.I.T. graduate
school of Industrial Management.
Zannetos, presently studying at
Stanford under a Ford Founda
tion Fellowship, was graduated
from the University of Kansas
and received his S.M. and Ph.D.
from M.I.T.
The lecture will be delivered in
the lounge of the Women's Club
house from 3:30-5 p.m.
Zenon S. Zannetos, Assistant
Professor of Industrial Manage
ment at Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, will speak to all
interested engineering students
today about the M.I.T. graduate
school of Industrial Management.
Zannetos, presently studying at
Stanford under a Ford Founda
tion Fellowship, was graduated
from the University of Kansas
and received his S.M. and Ph.D.
from M.I.T.
The lecture will be delivered in
the lounge of the Women's Club
house from 3:30-5 p.m.
Zenon S. Zannetos, Assistant
Professor of Industrial Manage
ment at Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, will speak to all
interested engineering students
today about the M.I.T. graduate
school of Industrial Management.
Zannetos, presently studying at
Stanford under a Ford Founda
tion Fellowship, was graduated
from the University of Kansas
and received his S.M. and Ph.D.
from M.I.T.
The lecture will be delivered in
the lounge of the Women's Club
house from 3:30-5 p.m.
Zenon S. Zannetos, Assistant
Professor of Industrial Manage
ment at Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, will speak to all
interested engineering students
today about the M.I.T. graduate
school of Industrial Management.
Zannetos, presently studying at
Stanford under a Ford Founda
tion Fellowship, was graduated
from the University of Kansas
and received his S.M. and Ph.D.
from M.I.T.
The lecture will be delivered in
the lounge of the Women's Club
house from 3:30-5 p.m.
Zenon S. Zannetos, Assistant
Professor of Industrial Manage
ment at Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, will speak to all
interested engineering students
today about the M.I.T. graduate
school of Industrial Management.
Zannetos, presently studying at
Stanford under a Ford Founda
tion Fellowship, was graduated
from the University of Kansas
and received his S.M. and Ph.D.
from M.I.T.
The lecture will be delivered in
the lounge of the Women's Club
house from 3:30-5 p.m.
Zenon S. Zannetos, Assistant
Professor of Industrial Manage
ment at Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, will speak to all
interested engineering students
today about the M.I.T. graduate
school of Industrial Management.
Zannetos, presently studying at
Stanford under a Ford Founda
tion Fellowship, was graduated
from the University of Kansas
and received his S.M. and Ph.D.
from M.I.T.
The lecture will be delivered in
the lounge of the Women's Club
house from 3:30-5 p.m.
Zenon S. Zannetos, Assistant
Professor of Industrial Manage
ment at Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, will speak to all
interested engineering students
today about the M.I.T. graduate
school of Industrial Management.
Zannetos, presently studying at
Stanford under a Ford Founda
tion Fellowship, was graduated
from the University of Kansas
and received his S.M. and Ph.D.
from M.I.T.
The lecture will be delivered in
the lounge of the Women's Club
house from 3:30-5 p.m.
Zenon S. Zannetos, Assistant
Professor of Industrial Manage
ment at Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, will speak to all
interested engineering students
today about the M.I.T. graduate
school of Industrial Management.
Zannetos, presently studying at
Stanford under a Ford Founda
tion Fellowship, was graduated
from the University of Kansas
and received his S.M. and Ph.D.
from M.I.T.
The lecture will be delivered in
the lounge of the Women's Club
house from 3:30-5 p.m.
Zenon S. Zannetos, Assistant
Professor of Industrial Manage
ment at Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, will speak to all
interested engineering students
today about the M.I.T. graduate
school of Industrial Management.
Zannetos, presently studying at
Stanford under a Ford Founda
tion Fellowship, was graduated
from the University of Kansas
and received his S.M. and Ph.D.
from M.I.T.
The lecture will be delivered in
the lounge of the Women's Club
house from 3:30-5 p.m.
Zenon S. Zannetos, Assistant
Professor of Industrial Manage
ment at Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, will speak to all
interested engineering students
today about the M.I.T. graduate
school of Industrial Management.
Zannetos, presently studying at
Stanford under a Ford Founda
tion Fellowship, was graduated
from the University of Kansas
and received his S.M. and Ph.D.
from M.I.T.
The lecture will be delivered in
the lounge of the Women's Club
house from 3:30-5 p.m.
Zenon S. Zannetos, Assistant
Professor of Industrial Manage
ment at Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, will speak to all
interested engineering students
today about the M.I.T. graduate
school of Industrial Management.
Zannetos, presently studying at
Stanford under a Ford Founda
tion Fellowship, was graduated
from the University of Kansas
and received his S.M. and Ph.D.
from M.I.T.
The lecture will be delivered in
the lounge of the Women's Club
house from 3:30-5 p.m.
Zenon S. Zannetos, Assistant
Professor of Industrial Manage
ment at Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, will speak to all
interested engineering students
today about the M.I.T. graduate
school of Industrial Management.
Zannetos, presently studying at
Stanford under a Ford Founda
tion Fellowship, was graduated
from the University of Kansas
and received his S.M. and Ph.D.
from M.I.T.
The lecture will be delivered in
the lounge of the Women's Club
house from 3:30-5 p.m.
Zenon S. Zannetos, Assistant
Professor of Industrial Manage
ment at Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, will speak to all
interested engineering students
today about the M.I.T. graduate
school of Industrial Management.
Zannetos, presently studying at
Stanford under a Ford Founda
tion Fellowship, was graduated
from the University of Kansas
and received his S.M. and Ph.D.
from M.I.T.
The lecture will be delivered in
the lounge of the Women's Club
house from 3:30-5 p.m.
Zenon S. Zannetos, Assistant
Professor of Industrial Manage
ment at Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, will speak to all
interested engineering students
today about the M.I.T. graduate
school of Industrial Management.
Zannetos, presently studying at
Stanford under a Ford Founda
tion Fellowship, was graduated
from the University of Kansas
and received his S.M. and Ph.D.
from M.I.T.
The lecture will be delivered in
the lounge of the Women's Club
house from 3:30-5 p.m.
Zenon S. Zannetos, Assistant
Professor of Industrial Manage
ment at Massachusetts Institute
of Technology, will speak to all
interested engineering students
today about the M.I.T. graduate
school of Industrial Management.
Zannetos, presently studying at
Stanford under a Ford Founda
tion Fellowship, was graduated
from the University of Kansas
and received his S.M. and Ph.D.
from M.I.T.
The lecture will be delivered in
the lounge of the Women's Club
house from 3:30-5 p.m.
