# Eitner Speaks On Forged Art
## 
### 
Professor Eitner, head of the De
partment of Art and Architecture and
Director of the Museum at Stanford
University, will lecture tonight on his
torical instances of art forgery and
the problem of copies not made with
fraudulent intent.
The lecture will be held at 8 p.m. in
the Physics Tank as part of the reg
ular program of Wednesday lectures
in Art.
Professor Pettier will also discuss
questions on authenticity which hinge
on the attribution of undocumented
works of art to particular artists.
Professor Eitner, head of the De
partment of Art and Architecture and
Director of the Museum at Stanford
University, will lecture tonight on his
torical instances of art forgery and
the problem of copies not made with
fraudulent intent.
The lecture will be held at 8 p.m. in
the Physics Tank as part of the reg
ular program of Wednesday lectures
in Art.
Professor Pettier will also discuss
questions on authenticity which hinge
on the attribution of undocumented
works of art to particular artists.
Professor Eitner, head of the De
partment of Art and Architecture and
Director of the Museum at Stanford
University, will lecture tonight on his
torical instances of art forgery and
the problem of copies not made with
fraudulent intent.
The lecture will be held at 8 p.m. in
the Physics Tank as part of the reg
ular program of Wednesday lectures
in Art.
Professor Pettier will also discuss
questions on authenticity which hinge
on the attribution of undocumented
works of art to particular artists.
Professor Eitner, head of the De
partment of Art and Architecture and
Director of the Museum at Stanford
University, will lecture tonight on his
torical instances of art forgery and
the problem of copies not made with
fraudulent intent.
The lecture will be held at 8 p.m. in
the Physics Tank as part of the reg
ular program of Wednesday lectures
in Art.
Professor Pettier will also discuss
questions on authenticity which hinge
on the attribution of undocumented
works of art to particular artists.
Professor Eitner, head of the De
partment of Art and Architecture and
Director of the Museum at Stanford
University, will lecture tonight on his
torical instances of art forgery and
the problem of copies not made with
fraudulent intent.
The lecture will be held at 8 p.m. in
the Physics Tank as part of the reg
ular program of Wednesday lectures
in Art.
Professor Pettier will also discuss
questions on authenticity which hinge
on the attribution of undocumented
works of art to particular artists.
Professor Eitner, head of the De
partment of Art and Architecture and
Director of the Museum at Stanford
University, will lecture tonight on his
torical instances of art forgery and
the problem of copies not made with
fraudulent intent.
The lecture will be held at 8 p.m. in
the Physics Tank as part of the reg
ular program of Wednesday lectures
in Art.
Professor Pettier will also discuss
questions on authenticity which hinge
on the attribution of undocumented
works of art to particular artists.
Professor Eitner, head of the De
partment of Art and Architecture and
Director of the Museum at Stanford
University, will lecture tonight on his
torical instances of art forgery and
the problem of copies not made with
fraudulent intent.
The lecture will be held at 8 p.m. in
the Physics Tank as part of the reg
ular program of Wednesday lectures
in Art.
Professor Pettier will also discuss
questions on authenticity which hinge
on the attribution of undocumented
works of art to particular artists.
Professor Eitner, head of the De
partment of Art and Architecture and
Director of the Museum at Stanford
University, will lecture tonight on his
torical instances of art forgery and
the problem of copies not made with
fraudulent intent.
The lecture will be held at 8 p.m. in
the Physics Tank as part of the reg
ular program of Wednesday lectures
in Art.
Professor Pettier will also discuss
questions on authenticity which hinge
on the attribution of undocumented
works of art to particular artists.
Professor Eitner, head of the De
partment of Art and Architecture and
Director of the Museum at Stanford
University, will lecture tonight on his
torical instances of art forgery and
the problem of copies not made with
fraudulent intent.
The lecture will be held at 8 p.m. in
the Physics Tank as part of the reg
ular program of Wednesday lectures
in Art.
Professor Pettier will also discuss
questions on authenticity which hinge
on the attribution of undocumented
works of art to particular artists.
Professor Eitner, head of the De
partment of Art and Architecture and
Director of the Museum at Stanford
University, will lecture tonight on his
torical instances of art forgery and
the problem of copies not made with
fraudulent intent.
The lecture will be held at 8 p.m. in
the Physics Tank as part of the reg
ular program of Wednesday lectures
in Art.
Professor Pettier will also discuss
questions on authenticity which hinge
on the attribution of undocumented
works of art to particular artists.
Professor Eitner, head of the De
partment of Art and Architecture and
Director of the Museum at Stanford
University, will lecture tonight on his
torical instances of art forgery and
the problem of copies not made with
fraudulent intent.
The lecture will be held at 8 p.m. in
the Physics Tank as part of the reg
ular program of Wednesday lectures
in Art.
Professor Pettier will also discuss
questions on authenticity which hinge
on the attribution of undocumented
works of art to particular artists.
Professor Eitner, head of the De
partment of Art and Architecture and
Director of the Museum at Stanford
University, will lecture tonight on his
torical instances of art forgery and
the problem of copies not made with
fraudulent intent.
The lecture will be held at 8 p.m. in
the Physics Tank as part of the reg
ular program of Wednesday lectures
in Art.
Professor Pettier will also discuss
questions on authenticity which hinge
on the attribution of undocumented
works of art to particular artists.
Professor Eitner, head of the De
partment of Art and Architecture and
Director of the Museum at Stanford
University, will lecture tonight on his
torical instances of art forgery and
the problem of copies not made with
fraudulent intent.
The lecture will be held at 8 p.m. in
the Physics Tank as part of the reg
ular program of Wednesday lectures
in Art.
Professor Pettier will also discuss
questions on authenticity which hinge
on the attribution of undocumented
works of art to particular artists.
Professor Eitner, head of the De
partment of Art and Architecture and
Director of the Museum at Stanford
University, will lecture tonight on his
torical instances of art forgery and
the problem of copies not made with
fraudulent intent.
The lecture will be held at 8 p.m. in
the Physics Tank as part of the reg
ular program of Wednesday lectures
in Art.
Professor Pettier will also discuss
questions on authenticity which hinge
on the attribution of undocumented
works of art to particular artists.
Professor Eitner, head of the De
partment of Art and Architecture and
Director of the Museum at Stanford
University, will lecture tonight on his
torical instances of art forgery and
the problem of copies not made with
fraudulent intent.
The lecture will be held at 8 p.m. in
the Physics Tank as part of the reg
ular program of Wednesday lectures
in Art.
Professor Pettier will also discuss
questions on authenticity which hinge
on the attribution of undocumented
works of art to particular artists.
