# Mountain Mecca
## 
### 

High in the peaceful Sierras, the Stan
ford Ski Club lias discovered this
lodge that will be made available to
students who wish to escape the in
tellectual grind.

High in the peaceful Sierras, the Stan
ford Ski Club lias discovered this
lodge that will be made available to
students who wish to escape the in
tellectual grind.

High in the peaceful Sierras, the Stan
ford Ski Club lias discovered this
lodge that will be made available to
students who wish to escape the in
tellectual grind.

High in the peaceful Sierras, the Stan
ford Ski Club lias discovered this
lodge that will be made available to
students who wish to escape the in
tellectual grind.

High in the peaceful Sierras, the Stan
ford Ski Club lias discovered this
lodge that will be made available to
students who wish to escape the in
tellectual grind.

High in the peaceful Sierras, the Stan
ford Ski Club lias discovered this
lodge that will be made available to
students who wish to escape the in
tellectual grind.

High in the peaceful Sierras, the Stan
ford Ski Club lias discovered this
lodge that will be made available to
students who wish to escape the in
tellectual grind.

High in the peaceful Sierras, the Stan
ford Ski Club lias discovered this
lodge that will be made available to
students who wish to escape the in
tellectual grind.

High in the peaceful Sierras, the Stan
ford Ski Club lias discovered this
lodge that will be made available to
students who wish to escape the in
tellectual grind.

High in the peaceful Sierras, the Stan
ford Ski Club lias discovered this
lodge that will be made available to
students who wish to escape the in
tellectual grind.

High in the peaceful Sierras, the Stan
ford Ski Club lias discovered this
lodge that will be made available to
students who wish to escape the in
tellectual grind.

High in the peaceful Sierras, the Stan
ford Ski Club lias discovered this
lodge that will be made available to
students who wish to escape the in
tellectual grind.

High in the peaceful Sierras, the Stan
ford Ski Club lias discovered this
lodge that will be made available to
students who wish to escape the in
tellectual grind.

High in the peaceful Sierras, the Stan
ford Ski Club lias discovered this
lodge that will be made available to
students who wish to escape the in
tellectual grind.

High in the peaceful Sierras, the Stan
ford Ski Club lias discovered this
lodge that will be made available to
students who wish to escape the in
tellectual grind.
