# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
Harper's
Why don't the
students grade
the teachers?
Bad teaching, publish-or-perish ad
ministrations and adherence to the
status quo are denying thousands
of college students of the full
value of their education. Some
thing can be done about it! Read
IS THERE A
TEACHER OH
THE FACULTY?
by John Fischer
ON YOUR
NEWSSTAND NOW!
Harper's
Why don't the
students grade
the teachers?
Bad teaching, publish-or-perish ad
ministrations and adherence to the
status quo are denying thousands
of college students of the full
value of their education. Some
thing can be done about it! Read
IS THERE A
TEACHER OH
THE FACULTY?
by John Fischer
ON YOUR
NEWSSTAND NOW!
Harper's
Why don't the
students grade
the teachers?
Bad teaching, publish-or-perish ad
ministrations and adherence to the
status quo are denying thousands
of college students of the full
value of their education. Some
thing can be done about it! Read
IS THERE A
TEACHER OH
THE FACULTY?
by John Fischer
ON YOUR
NEWSSTAND NOW!
Harper's
Why don't the
students grade
the teachers?
Bad teaching, publish-or-perish ad
ministrations and adherence to the
status quo are denying thousands
of college students of the full
value of their education. Some
thing can be done about it! Read
IS THERE A
TEACHER OH
THE FACULTY?
by John Fischer
ON YOUR
NEWSSTAND NOW!
Harper's
Why don't the
students grade
the teachers?
Bad teaching, publish-or-perish ad
ministrations and adherence to the
status quo are denying thousands
of college students of the full
value of their education. Some
thing can be done about it! Read
IS THERE A
TEACHER OH
THE FACULTY?
by John Fischer
ON YOUR
NEWSSTAND NOW!
Harper's
Why don't the
students grade
the teachers?
Bad teaching, publish-or-perish ad
ministrations and adherence to the
status quo are denying thousands
of college students of the full
value of their education. Some
thing can be done about it! Read
IS THERE A
TEACHER OH
THE FACULTY?
by John Fischer
ON YOUR
NEWSSTAND NOW!
Harper's
Why don't the
students grade
the teachers?
Bad teaching, publish-or-perish ad
ministrations and adherence to the
status quo are denying thousands
of college students of the full
value of their education. Some
thing can be done about it! Read
IS THERE A
TEACHER OH
THE FACULTY?
by John Fischer
ON YOUR
NEWSSTAND NOW!
Harper's
Why don't the
students grade
the teachers?
Bad teaching, publish-or-perish ad
ministrations and adherence to the
status quo are denying thousands
of college students of the full
value of their education. Some
thing can be done about it! Read
IS THERE A
TEACHER OH
THE FACULTY?
by John Fischer
ON YOUR
NEWSSTAND NOW!
Harper's
Why don't the
students grade
the teachers?
Bad teaching, publish-or-perish ad
ministrations and adherence to the
status quo are denying thousands
of college students of the full
value of their education. Some
thing can be done about it! Read
IS THERE A
TEACHER OH
THE FACULTY?
by John Fischer
ON YOUR
NEWSSTAND NOW!
Harper's
Why don't the
students grade
the teachers?
Bad teaching, publish-or-perish ad
ministrations and adherence to the
status quo are denying thousands
of college students of the full
value of their education. Some
thing can be done about it! Read
IS THERE A
TEACHER OH
THE FACULTY?
by John Fischer
ON YOUR
NEWSSTAND NOW!
Harper's
Why don't the
students grade
the teachers?
Bad teaching, publish-or-perish ad
ministrations and adherence to the
status quo are denying thousands
of college students of the full
value of their education. Some
thing can be done about it! Read
IS THERE A
TEACHER OH
THE FACULTY?
by John Fischer
ON YOUR
NEWSSTAND NOW!
Harper's
Why don't the
students grade
the teachers?
Bad teaching, publish-or-perish ad
ministrations and adherence to the
status quo are denying thousands
of college students of the full
value of their education. Some
thing can be done about it! Read
IS THERE A
TEACHER OH
THE FACULTY?
by John Fischer
ON YOUR
NEWSSTAND NOW!
Harper's
Why don't the
students grade
the teachers?
Bad teaching, publish-or-perish ad
ministrations and adherence to the
status quo are denying thousands
of college students of the full
value of their education. Some
thing can be done about it! Read
IS THERE A
TEACHER OH
THE FACULTY?
by John Fischer
ON YOUR
NEWSSTAND NOW!
Harper's
Why don't the
students grade
the teachers?
Bad teaching, publish-or-perish ad
ministrations and adherence to the
status quo are denying thousands
of college students of the full
value of their education. Some
thing can be done about it! Read
IS THERE A
TEACHER OH
THE FACULTY?
by John Fischer
ON YOUR
NEWSSTAND NOW!
Harper's
Why don't the
students grade
the teachers?
Bad teaching, publish-or-perish ad
ministrations and adherence to the
status quo are denying thousands
of college students of the full
value of their education. Some
thing can be done about it! Read
IS THERE A
TEACHER OH
THE FACULTY?
by John Fischer
ON YOUR
NEWSSTAND NOW!
