# STUDENT DEMOCRACY
## 
### 
"Student democracy is the ply
wood wall around the abyss of
greatness," an ambivalent student
ambiguously declared yesterday.
"Student democracy is the ply
wood wall around the abyss of
greatness," an ambivalent student
ambiguously declared yesterday.
"Student democracy is the ply
wood wall around the abyss of
greatness," an ambivalent student
ambiguously declared yesterday.
"Student democracy is the ply
wood wall around the abyss of
greatness," an ambivalent student
ambiguously declared yesterday.
"Student democracy is the ply
wood wall around the abyss of
greatness," an ambivalent student
ambiguously declared yesterday.
"Student democracy is the ply
wood wall around the abyss of
greatness," an ambivalent student
ambiguously declared yesterday.
"Student democracy is the ply
wood wall around the abyss of
greatness," an ambivalent student
ambiguously declared yesterday.
"Student democracy is the ply
wood wall around the abyss of
greatness," an ambivalent student
ambiguously declared yesterday.
"Student democracy is the ply
wood wall around the abyss of
greatness," an ambivalent student
ambiguously declared yesterday.
"Student democracy is the ply
wood wall around the abyss of
greatness," an ambivalent student
ambiguously declared yesterday.
"Student democracy is the ply
wood wall around the abyss of
greatness," an ambivalent student
ambiguously declared yesterday.
"Student democracy is the ply
wood wall around the abyss of
greatness," an ambivalent student
ambiguously declared yesterday.
"Student democracy is the ply
wood wall around the abyss of
greatness," an ambivalent student
ambiguously declared yesterday.
"Student democracy is the ply
wood wall around the abyss of
greatness," an ambivalent student
ambiguously declared yesterday.
"Student democracy is the ply
wood wall around the abyss of
greatness," an ambivalent student
ambiguously declared yesterday.
