# STANFORD POETRY
## 
### 
The following verse was written for
the "Gridiron," the publication of the
students in English 16. It is through
the courtesy of the "Gridiron" that
the Daily Palo Alto is printing this
campus poetry:
The following verse was written for
the "Gridiron," the publication of the
students in English 16. It is through
the courtesy of the "Gridiron" that
the Daily Palo Alto is printing this
campus poetry:
The following verse was written for
the "Gridiron," the publication of the
students in English 16. It is through
the courtesy of the "Gridiron" that
the Daily Palo Alto is printing this
campus poetry:
The following verse was written for
the "Gridiron," the publication of the
students in English 16. It is through
the courtesy of the "Gridiron" that
the Daily Palo Alto is printing this
campus poetry:
The following verse was written for
the "Gridiron," the publication of the
students in English 16. It is through
the courtesy of the "Gridiron" that
the Daily Palo Alto is printing this
campus poetry:
The following verse was written for
the "Gridiron," the publication of the
students in English 16. It is through
the courtesy of the "Gridiron" that
the Daily Palo Alto is printing this
campus poetry:
The following verse was written for
the "Gridiron," the publication of the
students in English 16. It is through
the courtesy of the "Gridiron" that
the Daily Palo Alto is printing this
campus poetry:
The following verse was written for
the "Gridiron," the publication of the
students in English 16. It is through
the courtesy of the "Gridiron" that
the Daily Palo Alto is printing this
campus poetry:
The following verse was written for
the "Gridiron," the publication of the
students in English 16. It is through
the courtesy of the "Gridiron" that
the Daily Palo Alto is printing this
campus poetry:
The following verse was written for
the "Gridiron," the publication of the
students in English 16. It is through
the courtesy of the "Gridiron" that
the Daily Palo Alto is printing this
campus poetry:
The following verse was written for
the "Gridiron," the publication of the
students in English 16. It is through
the courtesy of the "Gridiron" that
the Daily Palo Alto is printing this
campus poetry:
The following verse was written for
the "Gridiron," the publication of the
students in English 16. It is through
the courtesy of the "Gridiron" that
the Daily Palo Alto is printing this
campus poetry:
