# Keller Accepts Minnesota Position
## 
### 
H. A. Keller, gr.. who has been an
assistant in the History Department,
has been called to Minnesota to fill n
teaching position in the University
there.
H. A. Keller, gr.. who has been an
assistant in the History Department,
has been called to Minnesota to fill n
teaching position in the University
there.
H. A. Keller, gr.. who has been an
assistant in the History Department,
has been called to Minnesota to fill n
teaching position in the University
there.
H. A. Keller, gr.. who has been an
assistant in the History Department,
has been called to Minnesota to fill n
teaching position in the University
there.
H. A. Keller, gr.. who has been an
assistant in the History Department,
has been called to Minnesota to fill n
teaching position in the University
there.
H. A. Keller, gr.. who has been an
assistant in the History Department,
has been called to Minnesota to fill n
teaching position in the University
there.
H. A. Keller, gr.. who has been an
assistant in the History Department,
has been called to Minnesota to fill n
teaching position in the University
there.
H. A. Keller, gr.. who has been an
assistant in the History Department,
has been called to Minnesota to fill n
teaching position in the University
there.
H. A. Keller, gr.. who has been an
assistant in the History Department,
has been called to Minnesota to fill n
teaching position in the University
there.
H. A. Keller, gr.. who has been an
assistant in the History Department,
has been called to Minnesota to fill n
teaching position in the University
there.
H. A. Keller, gr.. who has been an
assistant in the History Department,
has been called to Minnesota to fill n
teaching position in the University
there.
H. A. Keller, gr.. who has been an
assistant in the History Department,
has been called to Minnesota to fill n
teaching position in the University
there.
H. A. Keller, gr.. who has been an
assistant in the History Department,
has been called to Minnesota to fill n
teaching position in the University
there.
H. A. Keller, gr.. who has been an
assistant in the History Department,
has been called to Minnesota to fill n
teaching position in the University
there.
