# Untitled Article
## 
### 
TOUGH ROAD AHEAD
Rising anti-American sentiment
may make humanitarian efforts £
in Iraq increasingly difficult.
WORLD & NATION/3

TOP SERVICE
Women's tennis wins its 16th
straight Pac-10 title and will be
a top contender in the NCAAs.
SPORTS/6


TOUGH ROAD AHEAD
Rising anti-American sentiment
may make humanitarian efforts £
in Iraq increasingly difficult.
WORLD & NATION/3

TOP SERVICE
Women's tennis wins its 16th
straight Pac-10 title and will be
a top contender in the NCAAs.
SPORTS/6


TOUGH ROAD AHEAD
Rising anti-American sentiment
may make humanitarian efforts £
in Iraq increasingly difficult.
WORLD & NATION/3

TOP SERVICE
Women's tennis wins its 16th
straight Pac-10 title and will be
a top contender in the NCAAs.
SPORTS/6


TOUGH ROAD AHEAD
Rising anti-American sentiment
may make humanitarian efforts £
in Iraq increasingly difficult.
WORLD & NATION/3

TOP SERVICE
Women's tennis wins its 16th
straight Pac-10 title and will be
a top contender in the NCAAs.
SPORTS/6


TOUGH ROAD AHEAD
Rising anti-American sentiment
may make humanitarian efforts £
in Iraq increasingly difficult.
WORLD & NATION/3

TOP SERVICE
Women's tennis wins its 16th
straight Pac-10 title and will be
a top contender in the NCAAs.
SPORTS/6


TOUGH ROAD AHEAD
Rising anti-American sentiment
may make humanitarian efforts £
in Iraq increasingly difficult.
WORLD & NATION/3

TOP SERVICE
Women's tennis wins its 16th
straight Pac-10 title and will be
a top contender in the NCAAs.
SPORTS/6


TOUGH ROAD AHEAD
Rising anti-American sentiment
may make humanitarian efforts £
in Iraq increasingly difficult.
WORLD & NATION/3

TOP SERVICE
Women's tennis wins its 16th
straight Pac-10 title and will be
a top contender in the NCAAs.
SPORTS/6


