# BUILDING COLLAPSES
## 
### 
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 18 (/?').—
Fourteen persons were killed in a
fire today in a building containing
commercial offices and a motion pic
ture supply store. Ten girls were
seriously injured.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 18 (/?').—
Fourteen persons were killed in a
fire today in a building containing
commercial offices and a motion pic
ture supply store. Ten girls were
seriously injured.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 18 (/?').—
Fourteen persons were killed in a
fire today in a building containing
commercial offices and a motion pic
ture supply store. Ten girls were
seriously injured.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 18 (/?').—
Fourteen persons were killed in a
fire today in a building containing
commercial offices and a motion pic
ture supply store. Ten girls were
seriously injured.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 18 (/?').—
Fourteen persons were killed in a
fire today in a building containing
commercial offices and a motion pic
ture supply store. Ten girls were
seriously injured.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 18 (/?').—
Fourteen persons were killed in a
fire today in a building containing
commercial offices and a motion pic
ture supply store. Ten girls were
seriously injured.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 18 (/?').—
Fourteen persons were killed in a
fire today in a building containing
commercial offices and a motion pic
ture supply store. Ten girls were
seriously injured.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 18 (/?').—
Fourteen persons were killed in a
fire today in a building containing
commercial offices and a motion pic
ture supply store. Ten girls were
seriously injured.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 18 (/?').—
Fourteen persons were killed in a
fire today in a building containing
commercial offices and a motion pic
ture supply store. Ten girls were
seriously injured.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 18 (/?').—
Fourteen persons were killed in a
fire today in a building containing
commercial offices and a motion pic
ture supply store. Ten girls were
seriously injured.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 18 (/?').—
Fourteen persons were killed in a
fire today in a building containing
commercial offices and a motion pic
ture supply store. Ten girls were
seriously injured.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 18 (/?').—
Fourteen persons were killed in a
fire today in a building containing
commercial offices and a motion pic
ture supply store. Ten girls were
seriously injured.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 18 (/?').—
Fourteen persons were killed in a
fire today in a building containing
commercial offices and a motion pic
ture supply store. Ten girls were
seriously injured.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 18 (/?').—
Fourteen persons were killed in a
fire today in a building containing
commercial offices and a motion pic
ture supply store. Ten girls were
seriously injured.
ISTANBUL, Turkey, Jan. 18 (/?').—
Fourteen persons were killed in a
fire today in a building containing
commercial offices and a motion pic
ture supply store. Ten girls were
seriously injured.
