# GOLF TOURNEY HERE
## 
### 
The Northern California Medical
Association will hold its monthly
golf tournament on the Stanford
course tomorrow. Club authorities
announce that the medical play par
ticipants will have prior starting
rights over all other players on the
course for the day.
The Northern California Medical
Association will hold its monthly
golf tournament on the Stanford
course tomorrow. Club authorities
announce that the medical play par
ticipants will have prior starting
rights over all other players on the
course for the day.
The Northern California Medical
Association will hold its monthly
golf tournament on the Stanford
course tomorrow. Club authorities
announce that the medical play par
ticipants will have prior starting
rights over all other players on the
course for the day.
The Northern California Medical
Association will hold its monthly
golf tournament on the Stanford
course tomorrow. Club authorities
announce that the medical play par
ticipants will have prior starting
rights over all other players on the
course for the day.
The Northern California Medical
Association will hold its monthly
golf tournament on the Stanford
course tomorrow. Club authorities
announce that the medical play par
ticipants will have prior starting
rights over all other players on the
course for the day.
The Northern California Medical
Association will hold its monthly
golf tournament on the Stanford
course tomorrow. Club authorities
announce that the medical play par
ticipants will have prior starting
rights over all other players on the
course for the day.
The Northern California Medical
Association will hold its monthly
golf tournament on the Stanford
course tomorrow. Club authorities
announce that the medical play par
ticipants will have prior starting
rights over all other players on the
course for the day.
The Northern California Medical
Association will hold its monthly
golf tournament on the Stanford
course tomorrow. Club authorities
announce that the medical play par
ticipants will have prior starting
rights over all other players on the
course for the day.
The Northern California Medical
Association will hold its monthly
golf tournament on the Stanford
course tomorrow. Club authorities
announce that the medical play par
ticipants will have prior starting
rights over all other players on the
course for the day.
The Northern California Medical
Association will hold its monthly
golf tournament on the Stanford
course tomorrow. Club authorities
announce that the medical play par
ticipants will have prior starting
rights over all other players on the
course for the day.
The Northern California Medical
Association will hold its monthly
golf tournament on the Stanford
course tomorrow. Club authorities
announce that the medical play par
ticipants will have prior starting
rights over all other players on the
course for the day.
The Northern California Medical
Association will hold its monthly
golf tournament on the Stanford
course tomorrow. Club authorities
announce that the medical play par
ticipants will have prior starting
rights over all other players on the
course for the day.
The Northern California Medical
Association will hold its monthly
golf tournament on the Stanford
course tomorrow. Club authorities
announce that the medical play par
ticipants will have prior starting
rights over all other players on the
course for the day.
The Northern California Medical
Association will hold its monthly
golf tournament on the Stanford
course tomorrow. Club authorities
announce that the medical play par
ticipants will have prior starting
rights over all other players on the
course for the day.
The Northern California Medical
Association will hold its monthly
golf tournament on the Stanford
course tomorrow. Club authorities
announce that the medical play par
ticipants will have prior starting
rights over all other players on the
course for the day.
