# Special Rate to Game
## 
### 
The Southern Pacific has made a
special rate for the Freshman
game, Saturday, October 18th. The
tickets will be $1, good returning
the same day.
The Southern Pacific has made a
special rate for the Freshman
game, Saturday, October 18th. The
tickets will be $1, good returning
the same day.
The Southern Pacific has made a
special rate for the Freshman
game, Saturday, October 18th. The
tickets will be $1, good returning
the same day.
The Southern Pacific has made a
special rate for the Freshman
game, Saturday, October 18th. The
tickets will be $1, good returning
the same day.
The Southern Pacific has made a
special rate for the Freshman
game, Saturday, October 18th. The
tickets will be $1, good returning
the same day.
The Southern Pacific has made a
special rate for the Freshman
game, Saturday, October 18th. The
tickets will be $1, good returning
the same day.
The Southern Pacific has made a
special rate for the Freshman
game, Saturday, October 18th. The
tickets will be $1, good returning
the same day.
The Southern Pacific has made a
special rate for the Freshman
game, Saturday, October 18th. The
tickets will be $1, good returning
the same day.
