# Oliphant Sisters' Service.
## 
### 
The largest attendance which
has ever filled the chapel on like
occasion, greeted the appearance of
the Oliphant Sisters last evening.
In the course of a lively address,
Miss Oliphant gave some good ad
vice to students, brightened with
interesting anecdotes, which, to
gether with the songs well rendered
in duet, afforded an enjoyable
evening. L. E. Harter, '01, con
cluded the service with a few ap
propriate remarks.
The largest attendance which
has ever filled the chapel on like
occasion, greeted the appearance of
the Oliphant Sisters last evening.
In the course of a lively address,
Miss Oliphant gave some good ad
vice to students, brightened with
interesting anecdotes, which, to
gether with the songs well rendered
in duet, afforded an enjoyable
evening. L. E. Harter, '01, con
cluded the service with a few ap
propriate remarks.
The largest attendance which
has ever filled the chapel on like
occasion, greeted the appearance of
the Oliphant Sisters last evening.
In the course of a lively address,
Miss Oliphant gave some good ad
vice to students, brightened with
interesting anecdotes, which, to
gether with the songs well rendered
in duet, afforded an enjoyable
evening. L. E. Harter, '01, con
cluded the service with a few ap
propriate remarks.
The largest attendance which
has ever filled the chapel on like
occasion, greeted the appearance of
the Oliphant Sisters last evening.
In the course of a lively address,
Miss Oliphant gave some good ad
vice to students, brightened with
interesting anecdotes, which, to
gether with the songs well rendered
in duet, afforded an enjoyable
evening. L. E. Harter, '01, con
cluded the service with a few ap
propriate remarks.
The largest attendance which
has ever filled the chapel on like
occasion, greeted the appearance of
the Oliphant Sisters last evening.
In the course of a lively address,
Miss Oliphant gave some good ad
vice to students, brightened with
interesting anecdotes, which, to
gether with the songs well rendered
in duet, afforded an enjoyable
evening. L. E. Harter, '01, con
cluded the service with a few ap
propriate remarks.
The largest attendance which
has ever filled the chapel on like
occasion, greeted the appearance of
the Oliphant Sisters last evening.
In the course of a lively address,
Miss Oliphant gave some good ad
vice to students, brightened with
interesting anecdotes, which, to
gether with the songs well rendered
in duet, afforded an enjoyable
evening. L. E. Harter, '01, con
cluded the service with a few ap
propriate remarks.
The largest attendance which
has ever filled the chapel on like
occasion, greeted the appearance of
the Oliphant Sisters last evening.
In the course of a lively address,
Miss Oliphant gave some good ad
vice to students, brightened with
interesting anecdotes, which, to
gether with the songs well rendered
in duet, afforded an enjoyable
evening. L. E. Harter, '01, con
cluded the service with a few ap
propriate remarks.
The largest attendance which
has ever filled the chapel on like
occasion, greeted the appearance of
the Oliphant Sisters last evening.
In the course of a lively address,
Miss Oliphant gave some good ad
vice to students, brightened with
interesting anecdotes, which, to
gether with the songs well rendered
in duet, afforded an enjoyable
evening. L. E. Harter, '01, con
cluded the service with a few ap
propriate remarks.
