# ASK PASSPORT
## 
### 

ATHENS, Oct. 13. (/P) — Samuel
lnsull. Sr., wanted on a grand lar
ceny and embezzlement indictment,
refused today in Athens, Greece, to
surrender his passport to the Ameri
can Consul.

ATHENS, Oct. 13. (/P) — Samuel
lnsull. Sr., wanted on a grand lar
ceny and embezzlement indictment,
refused today in Athens, Greece, to
surrender his passport to the Ameri
can Consul.

ATHENS, Oct. 13. (/P) — Samuel
lnsull. Sr., wanted on a grand lar
ceny and embezzlement indictment,
refused today in Athens, Greece, to
surrender his passport to the Ameri
can Consul.

ATHENS, Oct. 13. (/P) — Samuel
lnsull. Sr., wanted on a grand lar
ceny and embezzlement indictment,
refused today in Athens, Greece, to
surrender his passport to the Ameri
can Consul.

ATHENS, Oct. 13. (/P) — Samuel
lnsull. Sr., wanted on a grand lar
ceny and embezzlement indictment,
refused today in Athens, Greece, to
surrender his passport to the Ameri
can Consul.

ATHENS, Oct. 13. (/P) — Samuel
lnsull. Sr., wanted on a grand lar
ceny and embezzlement indictment,
refused today in Athens, Greece, to
surrender his passport to the Ameri
can Consul.

ATHENS, Oct. 13. (/P) — Samuel
lnsull. Sr., wanted on a grand lar
ceny and embezzlement indictment,
refused today in Athens, Greece, to
surrender his passport to the Ameri
can Consul.

ATHENS, Oct. 13. (/P) — Samuel
lnsull. Sr., wanted on a grand lar
ceny and embezzlement indictment,
refused today in Athens, Greece, to
surrender his passport to the Ameri
can Consul.

ATHENS, Oct. 13. (/P) — Samuel
lnsull. Sr., wanted on a grand lar
ceny and embezzlement indictment,
refused today in Athens, Greece, to
surrender his passport to the Ameri
can Consul.

ATHENS, Oct. 13. (/P) — Samuel
lnsull. Sr., wanted on a grand lar
ceny and embezzlement indictment,
refused today in Athens, Greece, to
surrender his passport to the Ameri
can Consul.

ATHENS, Oct. 13. (/P) — Samuel
lnsull. Sr., wanted on a grand lar
ceny and embezzlement indictment,
refused today in Athens, Greece, to
surrender his passport to the Ameri
can Consul.

ATHENS, Oct. 13. (/P) — Samuel
lnsull. Sr., wanted on a grand lar
ceny and embezzlement indictment,
refused today in Athens, Greece, to
surrender his passport to the Ameri
can Consul.

ATHENS, Oct. 13. (/P) — Samuel
lnsull. Sr., wanted on a grand lar
ceny and embezzlement indictment,
refused today in Athens, Greece, to
surrender his passport to the Ameri
can Consul.

ATHENS, Oct. 13. (/P) — Samuel
lnsull. Sr., wanted on a grand lar
ceny and embezzlement indictment,
refused today in Athens, Greece, to
surrender his passport to the Ameri
can Consul.

ATHENS, Oct. 13. (/P) — Samuel
lnsull. Sr., wanted on a grand lar
ceny and embezzlement indictment,
refused today in Athens, Greece, to
surrender his passport to the Ameri
can Consul.

ATHENS, Oct. 13. (/P) — Samuel
lnsull. Sr., wanted on a grand lar
ceny and embezzlement indictment,
refused today in Athens, Greece, to
surrender his passport to the Ameri
can Consul.
