# START INQUIRY INTO RAIL NEEDS
## 
### 

Calvin Coolidge (left), chairman of the Coolidge no-partisan railway
commission, and Alfred E. Smith, one of the members, arc shown in con
ference when the group licit! its first formal meeting in New York to
discuss a program for an extensive survey of the nation's transportation
problems. (Associated Press Photo)

Calvin Coolidge (left), chairman of the Coolidge no-partisan railway
commission, and Alfred E. Smith, one of the members, arc shown in con
ference when the group licit! its first formal meeting in New York to
discuss a program for an extensive survey of the nation's transportation
problems. (Associated Press Photo)

Calvin Coolidge (left), chairman of the Coolidge no-partisan railway
commission, and Alfred E. Smith, one of the members, arc shown in con
ference when the group licit! its first formal meeting in New York to
discuss a program for an extensive survey of the nation's transportation
problems. (Associated Press Photo)

Calvin Coolidge (left), chairman of the Coolidge no-partisan railway
commission, and Alfred E. Smith, one of the members, arc shown in con
ference when the group licit! its first formal meeting in New York to
discuss a program for an extensive survey of the nation's transportation
problems. (Associated Press Photo)

Calvin Coolidge (left), chairman of the Coolidge no-partisan railway
commission, and Alfred E. Smith, one of the members, arc shown in con
ference when the group licit! its first formal meeting in New York to
discuss a program for an extensive survey of the nation's transportation
problems. (Associated Press Photo)

Calvin Coolidge (left), chairman of the Coolidge no-partisan railway
commission, and Alfred E. Smith, one of the members, arc shown in con
ference when the group licit! its first formal meeting in New York to
discuss a program for an extensive survey of the nation's transportation
problems. (Associated Press Photo)

Calvin Coolidge (left), chairman of the Coolidge no-partisan railway
commission, and Alfred E. Smith, one of the members, arc shown in con
ference when the group licit! its first formal meeting in New York to
discuss a program for an extensive survey of the nation's transportation
problems. (Associated Press Photo)

Calvin Coolidge (left), chairman of the Coolidge no-partisan railway
commission, and Alfred E. Smith, one of the members, arc shown in con
ference when the group licit! its first formal meeting in New York to
discuss a program for an extensive survey of the nation's transportation
problems. (Associated Press Photo)

Calvin Coolidge (left), chairman of the Coolidge no-partisan railway
commission, and Alfred E. Smith, one of the members, arc shown in con
ference when the group licit! its first formal meeting in New York to
discuss a program for an extensive survey of the nation's transportation
problems. (Associated Press Photo)

Calvin Coolidge (left), chairman of the Coolidge no-partisan railway
commission, and Alfred E. Smith, one of the members, arc shown in con
ference when the group licit! its first formal meeting in New York to
discuss a program for an extensive survey of the nation's transportation
problems. (Associated Press Photo)

Calvin Coolidge (left), chairman of the Coolidge no-partisan railway
commission, and Alfred E. Smith, one of the members, arc shown in con
ference when the group licit! its first formal meeting in New York to
discuss a program for an extensive survey of the nation's transportation
problems. (Associated Press Photo)

Calvin Coolidge (left), chairman of the Coolidge no-partisan railway
commission, and Alfred E. Smith, one of the members, arc shown in con
ference when the group licit! its first formal meeting in New York to
discuss a program for an extensive survey of the nation's transportation
problems. (Associated Press Photo)

Calvin Coolidge (left), chairman of the Coolidge no-partisan railway
commission, and Alfred E. Smith, one of the members, arc shown in con
ference when the group licit! its first formal meeting in New York to
discuss a program for an extensive survey of the nation's transportation
problems. (Associated Press Photo)

Calvin Coolidge (left), chairman of the Coolidge no-partisan railway
commission, and Alfred E. Smith, one of the members, arc shown in con
ference when the group licit! its first formal meeting in New York to
discuss a program for an extensive survey of the nation's transportation
problems. (Associated Press Photo)

Calvin Coolidge (left), chairman of the Coolidge no-partisan railway
commission, and Alfred E. Smith, one of the members, arc shown in con
ference when the group licit! its first formal meeting in New York to
discuss a program for an extensive survey of the nation's transportation
problems. (Associated Press Photo)

Calvin Coolidge (left), chairman of the Coolidge no-partisan railway
commission, and Alfred E. Smith, one of the members, arc shown in con
ference when the group licit! its first formal meeting in New York to
discuss a program for an extensive survey of the nation's transportation
problems. (Associated Press Photo)
