# Alabama Coach
## 
### 

Coach Frank Thomas of the Uni
versity of Alabama football team
s expecting big things from the
1932 edition of the Crimson Tide.
Associated Press Photo)

Coach Frank Thomas of the Uni
versity of Alabama football team
s expecting big things from the
1932 edition of the Crimson Tide.
Associated Press Photo)

Coach Frank Thomas of the Uni
versity of Alabama football team
s expecting big things from the
1932 edition of the Crimson Tide.
Associated Press Photo)

Coach Frank Thomas of the Uni
versity of Alabama football team
s expecting big things from the
1932 edition of the Crimson Tide.
Associated Press Photo)

Coach Frank Thomas of the Uni
versity of Alabama football team
s expecting big things from the
1932 edition of the Crimson Tide.
Associated Press Photo)

Coach Frank Thomas of the Uni
versity of Alabama football team
s expecting big things from the
1932 edition of the Crimson Tide.
Associated Press Photo)

Coach Frank Thomas of the Uni
versity of Alabama football team
s expecting big things from the
1932 edition of the Crimson Tide.
Associated Press Photo)

Coach Frank Thomas of the Uni
versity of Alabama football team
s expecting big things from the
1932 edition of the Crimson Tide.
Associated Press Photo)

Coach Frank Thomas of the Uni
versity of Alabama football team
s expecting big things from the
1932 edition of the Crimson Tide.
Associated Press Photo)

Coach Frank Thomas of the Uni
versity of Alabama football team
s expecting big things from the
1932 edition of the Crimson Tide.
Associated Press Photo)

Coach Frank Thomas of the Uni
versity of Alabama football team
s expecting big things from the
1932 edition of the Crimson Tide.
Associated Press Photo)

Coach Frank Thomas of the Uni
versity of Alabama football team
s expecting big things from the
1932 edition of the Crimson Tide.
Associated Press Photo)

Coach Frank Thomas of the Uni
versity of Alabama football team
s expecting big things from the
1932 edition of the Crimson Tide.
Associated Press Photo)

Coach Frank Thomas of the Uni
versity of Alabama football team
s expecting big things from the
1932 edition of the Crimson Tide.
Associated Press Photo)

Coach Frank Thomas of the Uni
versity of Alabama football team
s expecting big things from the
1932 edition of the Crimson Tide.
Associated Press Photo)

Coach Frank Thomas of the Uni
versity of Alabama football team
s expecting big things from the
1932 edition of the Crimson Tide.
Associated Press Photo)
