# SOPHOMORE CLAIMS
## 
### 
Public opinion was generally re
ported to favor the sophomores, but
public opinion hardly wins against
the decision of the judges. It was
generally conceded, however, that
the sophs put up an unusual fight,
and that they were hindered con
siderably by being decidedly out
numbered. Partisanship ran so high
last night that no one but the three
holy referees could really be relied
upon to have the dope.
Public opinion was generally re
ported to favor the sophomores, but
public opinion hardly wins against
the decision of the judges. It was
generally conceded, however, that
the sophs put up an unusual fight,
and that they were hindered con
siderably by being decidedly out
numbered. Partisanship ran so high
last night that no one but the three
holy referees could really be relied
upon to have the dope.
Public opinion was generally re
ported to favor the sophomores, but
public opinion hardly wins against
the decision of the judges. It was
generally conceded, however, that
the sophs put up an unusual fight,
and that they were hindered con
siderably by being decidedly out
numbered. Partisanship ran so high
last night that no one but the three
holy referees could really be relied
upon to have the dope.
Public opinion was generally re
ported to favor the sophomores, but
public opinion hardly wins against
the decision of the judges. It was
generally conceded, however, that
the sophs put up an unusual fight,
and that they were hindered con
siderably by being decidedly out
numbered. Partisanship ran so high
last night that no one but the three
holy referees could really be relied
upon to have the dope.
Public opinion was generally re
ported to favor the sophomores, but
public opinion hardly wins against
the decision of the judges. It was
generally conceded, however, that
the sophs put up an unusual fight,
and that they were hindered con
siderably by being decidedly out
numbered. Partisanship ran so high
last night that no one but the three
holy referees could really be relied
upon to have the dope.
Public opinion was generally re
ported to favor the sophomores, but
public opinion hardly wins against
the decision of the judges. It was
generally conceded, however, that
the sophs put up an unusual fight,
and that they were hindered con
siderably by being decidedly out
numbered. Partisanship ran so high
last night that no one but the three
holy referees could really be relied
upon to have the dope.
Public opinion was generally re
ported to favor the sophomores, but
public opinion hardly wins against
the decision of the judges. It was
generally conceded, however, that
the sophs put up an unusual fight,
and that they were hindered con
siderably by being decidedly out
numbered. Partisanship ran so high
last night that no one but the three
holy referees could really be relied
upon to have the dope.
Public opinion was generally re
ported to favor the sophomores, but
public opinion hardly wins against
the decision of the judges. It was
generally conceded, however, that
the sophs put up an unusual fight,
and that they were hindered con
siderably by being decidedly out
numbered. Partisanship ran so high
last night that no one but the three
holy referees could really be relied
upon to have the dope.
Public opinion was generally re
ported to favor the sophomores, but
public opinion hardly wins against
the decision of the judges. It was
generally conceded, however, that
the sophs put up an unusual fight,
and that they were hindered con
siderably by being decidedly out
numbered. Partisanship ran so high
last night that no one but the three
holy referees could really be relied
upon to have the dope.
Public opinion was generally re
ported to favor the sophomores, but
public opinion hardly wins against
the decision of the judges. It was
generally conceded, however, that
the sophs put up an unusual fight,
and that they were hindered con
siderably by being decidedly out
numbered. Partisanship ran so high
last night that no one but the three
holy referees could really be relied
upon to have the dope.
Public opinion was generally re
ported to favor the sophomores, but
public opinion hardly wins against
the decision of the judges. It was
generally conceded, however, that
the sophs put up an unusual fight,
and that they were hindered con
siderably by being decidedly out
numbered. Partisanship ran so high
last night that no one but the three
holy referees could really be relied
upon to have the dope.
Public opinion was generally re
ported to favor the sophomores, but
public opinion hardly wins against
the decision of the judges. It was
generally conceded, however, that
the sophs put up an unusual fight,
and that they were hindered con
siderably by being decidedly out
numbered. Partisanship ran so high
last night that no one but the three
holy referees could really be relied
upon to have the dope.
Public opinion was generally re
ported to favor the sophomores, but
public opinion hardly wins against
the decision of the judges. It was
generally conceded, however, that
the sophs put up an unusual fight,
and that they were hindered con
siderably by being decidedly out
numbered. Partisanship ran so high
last night that no one but the three
holy referees could really be relied
upon to have the dope.
Public opinion was generally re
ported to favor the sophomores, but
public opinion hardly wins against
the decision of the judges. It was
generally conceded, however, that
the sophs put up an unusual fight,
and that they were hindered con
siderably by being decidedly out
numbered. Partisanship ran so high
last night that no one but the three
holy referees could really be relied
upon to have the dope.
Public opinion was generally re
ported to favor the sophomores, but
public opinion hardly wins against
the decision of the judges. It was
generally conceded, however, that
the sophs put up an unusual fight,
and that they were hindered con
siderably by being decidedly out
numbered. Partisanship ran so high
last night that no one but the three
holy referees could really be relied
upon to have the dope.
Public opinion was generally re
ported to favor the sophomores, but
public opinion hardly wins against
the decision of the judges. It was
generally conceded, however, that
the sophs put up an unusual fight,
and that they were hindered con
siderably by being decidedly out
numbered. Partisanship ran so high
last night that no one but the three
holy referees could really be relied
upon to have the dope.
