# Henry Moser Will Head Stanford Zoology Club
## 
### 
At its first meeting of the year, in
the Natural History Museum yester
day afternoon the Stanford Zoology
Club elected Henry Moser president,
Elizabeth Loofbourow vice-president
and Anita Daugherty secretary
treasurer.
The club has planned to hold a tea
every week and expects to get some
famous zoologist 10 address them
later in the quarter. An annual trip
to Yosemite is also a feature of the
club's activities and this will take
place during winter quarter.
At its first meeting of the year, in
the Natural History Museum yester
day afternoon the Stanford Zoology
Club elected Henry Moser president,
Elizabeth Loofbourow vice-president
and Anita Daugherty secretary
treasurer.
The club has planned to hold a tea
every week and expects to get some
famous zoologist 10 address them
later in the quarter. An annual trip
to Yosemite is also a feature of the
club's activities and this will take
place during winter quarter.
At its first meeting of the year, in
the Natural History Museum yester
day afternoon the Stanford Zoology
Club elected Henry Moser president,
Elizabeth Loofbourow vice-president
and Anita Daugherty secretary
treasurer.
The club has planned to hold a tea
every week and expects to get some
famous zoologist 10 address them
later in the quarter. An annual trip
to Yosemite is also a feature of the
club's activities and this will take
place during winter quarter.
At its first meeting of the year, in
the Natural History Museum yester
day afternoon the Stanford Zoology
Club elected Henry Moser president,
Elizabeth Loofbourow vice-president
and Anita Daugherty secretary
treasurer.
The club has planned to hold a tea
every week and expects to get some
famous zoologist 10 address them
later in the quarter. An annual trip
to Yosemite is also a feature of the
club's activities and this will take
place during winter quarter.
At its first meeting of the year, in
the Natural History Museum yester
day afternoon the Stanford Zoology
Club elected Henry Moser president,
Elizabeth Loofbourow vice-president
and Anita Daugherty secretary
treasurer.
The club has planned to hold a tea
every week and expects to get some
famous zoologist 10 address them
later in the quarter. An annual trip
to Yosemite is also a feature of the
club's activities and this will take
place during winter quarter.
At its first meeting of the year, in
the Natural History Museum yester
day afternoon the Stanford Zoology
Club elected Henry Moser president,
Elizabeth Loofbourow vice-president
and Anita Daugherty secretary
treasurer.
The club has planned to hold a tea
every week and expects to get some
famous zoologist 10 address them
later in the quarter. An annual trip
to Yosemite is also a feature of the
club's activities and this will take
place during winter quarter.
At its first meeting of the year, in
the Natural History Museum yester
day afternoon the Stanford Zoology
Club elected Henry Moser president,
Elizabeth Loofbourow vice-president
and Anita Daugherty secretary
treasurer.
The club has planned to hold a tea
every week and expects to get some
famous zoologist 10 address them
later in the quarter. An annual trip
to Yosemite is also a feature of the
club's activities and this will take
place during winter quarter.
At its first meeting of the year, in
the Natural History Museum yester
day afternoon the Stanford Zoology
Club elected Henry Moser president,
Elizabeth Loofbourow vice-president
and Anita Daugherty secretary
treasurer.
The club has planned to hold a tea
every week and expects to get some
famous zoologist 10 address them
later in the quarter. An annual trip
to Yosemite is also a feature of the
club's activities and this will take
place during winter quarter.
At its first meeting of the year, in
the Natural History Museum yester
day afternoon the Stanford Zoology
Club elected Henry Moser president,
Elizabeth Loofbourow vice-president
and Anita Daugherty secretary
treasurer.
The club has planned to hold a tea
every week and expects to get some
famous zoologist 10 address them
later in the quarter. An annual trip
to Yosemite is also a feature of the
club's activities and this will take
place during winter quarter.
At its first meeting of the year, in
the Natural History Museum yester
day afternoon the Stanford Zoology
Club elected Henry Moser president,
Elizabeth Loofbourow vice-president
and Anita Daugherty secretary
treasurer.
The club has planned to hold a tea
every week and expects to get some
famous zoologist 10 address them
later in the quarter. An annual trip
to Yosemite is also a feature of the
club's activities and this will take
place during winter quarter.
At its first meeting of the year, in
the Natural History Museum yester
day afternoon the Stanford Zoology
Club elected Henry Moser president,
Elizabeth Loofbourow vice-president
and Anita Daugherty secretary
treasurer.
The club has planned to hold a tea
every week and expects to get some
famous zoologist 10 address them
later in the quarter. An annual trip
to Yosemite is also a feature of the
club's activities and this will take
place during winter quarter.
At its first meeting of the year, in
the Natural History Museum yester
day afternoon the Stanford Zoology
Club elected Henry Moser president,
Elizabeth Loofbourow vice-president
and Anita Daugherty secretary
treasurer.
The club has planned to hold a tea
every week and expects to get some
famous zoologist 10 address them
later in the quarter. An annual trip
to Yosemite is also a feature of the
club's activities and this will take
place during winter quarter.
At its first meeting of the year, in
the Natural History Museum yester
day afternoon the Stanford Zoology
Club elected Henry Moser president,
Elizabeth Loofbourow vice-president
and Anita Daugherty secretary
treasurer.
The club has planned to hold a tea
every week and expects to get some
famous zoologist 10 address them
later in the quarter. An annual trip
to Yosemite is also a feature of the
club's activities and this will take
place during winter quarter.
At its first meeting of the year, in
the Natural History Museum yester
day afternoon the Stanford Zoology
Club elected Henry Moser president,
Elizabeth Loofbourow vice-president
and Anita Daugherty secretary
treasurer.
The club has planned to hold a tea
every week and expects to get some
famous zoologist 10 address them
later in the quarter. An annual trip
to Yosemite is also a feature of the
club's activities and this will take
place during winter quarter.
At its first meeting of the year, in
the Natural History Museum yester
day afternoon the Stanford Zoology
Club elected Henry Moser president,
Elizabeth Loofbourow vice-president
and Anita Daugherty secretary
treasurer.
The club has planned to hold a tea
every week and expects to get some
famous zoologist 10 address them
later in the quarter. An annual trip
to Yosemite is also a feature of the
club's activities and this will take
place during winter quarter.
At its first meeting of the year, in
the Natural History Museum yester
day afternoon the Stanford Zoology
Club elected Henry Moser president,
Elizabeth Loofbourow vice-president
and Anita Daugherty secretary
treasurer.
The club has planned to hold a tea
every week and expects to get some
famous zoologist 10 address them
later in the quarter. An annual trip
to Yosemite is also a feature of the
club's activities and this will take
place during winter quarter.
