# CHANCELLOR RETURNS THURSDAY
## 
### 
Contrary to the confused reports of
eastern and western newspapers there
is no mystery surrounding the where
abouts of Chancellor Jordan. He is
not lost; nor was ever lost. Chan
cellor Jordan will arrive on the Sun
set Limited from the southland Thurs
day morning. He is now fulfilling
lecture engagements in Arizona and
Southern California. According to a
telegram received by Mrs. Jordan from
Phoenix, Dr. Jordan several times re
fused to reconsider his refusal of

Henry Ford's invitation to join the
peace ship. Though repeatedly urged
to attend the Ford Peace Conference
with Mrs. Jordan, Stanford's Chancel
lor chose to fulfill his lecture appoint
ments in the southern and southwest
ern states. His telegram names
Thursday as the definite date of
home-coming.
Just how long Chancellor Jordan
will remain on the campus is uncer
tain. Unless important matters arise.
