# STAMPS ON SALE
## 
### 
Students have now the opportunity
of assisting in the campaign waged
against tuberculosis. Red Cross
stamps have been placed on sale on
the campus and it is hoped that at
least the usual number will he sold.
Miss. Ruth Broods. '16, hns charge of
the distribution, and will have them
for tale in a number of the most cen
trally located places. The Local Fro?
Clinic realized enough money last
year from the sale of the stamps to
treat 1"l patients.
Students have now the opportunity
of assisting in the campaign waged
against tuberculosis. Red Cross
stamps have been placed on sale on
the campus and it is hoped that at
least the usual number will he sold.
Miss. Ruth Broods. '16, hns charge of
the distribution, and will have them
for tale in a number of the most cen
trally located places. The Local Fro?
Clinic realized enough money last
year from the sale of the stamps to
treat 1"l patients.
Students have now the opportunity
of assisting in the campaign waged
against tuberculosis. Red Cross
stamps have been placed on sale on
the campus and it is hoped that at
least the usual number will he sold.
Miss. Ruth Broods. '16, hns charge of
the distribution, and will have them
for tale in a number of the most cen
trally located places. The Local Fro?
Clinic realized enough money last
year from the sale of the stamps to
treat 1"l patients.
Students have now the opportunity
of assisting in the campaign waged
against tuberculosis. Red Cross
stamps have been placed on sale on
the campus and it is hoped that at
least the usual number will he sold.
Miss. Ruth Broods. '16, hns charge of
the distribution, and will have them
for tale in a number of the most cen
trally located places. The Local Fro?
Clinic realized enough money last
year from the sale of the stamps to
treat 1"l patients.
Students have now the opportunity
of assisting in the campaign waged
against tuberculosis. Red Cross
stamps have been placed on sale on
the campus and it is hoped that at
least the usual number will he sold.
Miss. Ruth Broods. '16, hns charge of
the distribution, and will have them
for tale in a number of the most cen
trally located places. The Local Fro?
Clinic realized enough money last
year from the sale of the stamps to
treat 1"l patients.
Students have now the opportunity
of assisting in the campaign waged
against tuberculosis. Red Cross
stamps have been placed on sale on
the campus and it is hoped that at
least the usual number will he sold.
Miss. Ruth Broods. '16, hns charge of
the distribution, and will have them
for tale in a number of the most cen
trally located places. The Local Fro?
Clinic realized enough money last
year from the sale of the stamps to
treat 1"l patients.
Students have now the opportunity
of assisting in the campaign waged
against tuberculosis. Red Cross
stamps have been placed on sale on
the campus and it is hoped that at
least the usual number will he sold.
Miss. Ruth Broods. '16, hns charge of
the distribution, and will have them
for tale in a number of the most cen
trally located places. The Local Fro?
Clinic realized enough money last
year from the sale of the stamps to
treat 1"l patients.
Students have now the opportunity
of assisting in the campaign waged
against tuberculosis. Red Cross
stamps have been placed on sale on
the campus and it is hoped that at
least the usual number will he sold.
Miss. Ruth Broods. '16, hns charge of
the distribution, and will have them
for tale in a number of the most cen
trally located places. The Local Fro?
Clinic realized enough money last
year from the sale of the stamps to
treat 1"l patients.
Students have now the opportunity
of assisting in the campaign waged
against tuberculosis. Red Cross
stamps have been placed on sale on
the campus and it is hoped that at
least the usual number will he sold.
Miss. Ruth Broods. '16, hns charge of
the distribution, and will have them
for tale in a number of the most cen
trally located places. The Local Fro?
Clinic realized enough money last
year from the sale of the stamps to
treat 1"l patients.
Students have now the opportunity
of assisting in the campaign waged
against tuberculosis. Red Cross
stamps have been placed on sale on
the campus and it is hoped that at
least the usual number will he sold.
Miss. Ruth Broods. '16, hns charge of
the distribution, and will have them
for tale in a number of the most cen
trally located places. The Local Fro?
Clinic realized enough money last
year from the sale of the stamps to
treat 1"l patients.
Students have now the opportunity
of assisting in the campaign waged
against tuberculosis. Red Cross
stamps have been placed on sale on
the campus and it is hoped that at
least the usual number will he sold.
Miss. Ruth Broods. '16, hns charge of
the distribution, and will have them
for tale in a number of the most cen
trally located places. The Local Fro?
Clinic realized enough money last
year from the sale of the stamps to
treat 1"l patients.
Students have now the opportunity
of assisting in the campaign waged
against tuberculosis. Red Cross
stamps have been placed on sale on
the campus and it is hoped that at
least the usual number will he sold.
Miss. Ruth Broods. '16, hns charge of
the distribution, and will have them
for tale in a number of the most cen
trally located places. The Local Fro?
Clinic realized enough money last
year from the sale of the stamps to
treat 1"l patients.
Students have now the opportunity
of assisting in the campaign waged
against tuberculosis. Red Cross
stamps have been placed on sale on
the campus and it is hoped that at
least the usual number will he sold.
Miss. Ruth Broods. '16, hns charge of
the distribution, and will have them
for tale in a number of the most cen
trally located places. The Local Fro?
Clinic realized enough money last
year from the sale of the stamps to
treat 1"l patients.
