# DR. FRANK ANGELL LEAVES CAMPUS NEXT FRIDAY
## Head of Psychology Department to Go to Belgium to Assume New Work of Relief 
### 
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the Psy
chology department, leaves the cam
pus Friday on his trip to Europe. He
will make several stops on his trip
east and will sail from New York on
Christmas day. Dr. Angell will have
his headquarters in Brussels, taking
the place of Dr. V. L. Kellogg, who
moves-on to take charge of relief work
In Russian Poland. In a recent inter
view With Ambassador Gerard, Dr.
KeTlogg declared that conditions were
even worse in Poland than in Belgium.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the Psy
chology department, leaves the cam
pus Friday on his trip to Europe. He
will make several stops on his trip
east and will sail from New York on
Christmas day. Dr. Angell will have
his headquarters in Brussels, taking
the place of Dr. V. L. Kellogg, who
moves-on to take charge of relief work
In Russian Poland. In a recent inter
view With Ambassador Gerard, Dr.
KeTlogg declared that conditions were
even worse in Poland than in Belgium.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the Psy
chology department, leaves the cam
pus Friday on his trip to Europe. He
will make several stops on his trip
east and will sail from New York on
Christmas day. Dr. Angell will have
his headquarters in Brussels, taking
the place of Dr. V. L. Kellogg, who
moves-on to take charge of relief work
In Russian Poland. In a recent inter
view With Ambassador Gerard, Dr.
KeTlogg declared that conditions were
even worse in Poland than in Belgium.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the Psy
chology department, leaves the cam
pus Friday on his trip to Europe. He
will make several stops on his trip
east and will sail from New York on
Christmas day. Dr. Angell will have
his headquarters in Brussels, taking
the place of Dr. V. L. Kellogg, who
moves-on to take charge of relief work
In Russian Poland. In a recent inter
view With Ambassador Gerard, Dr.
KeTlogg declared that conditions were
even worse in Poland than in Belgium.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the Psy
chology department, leaves the cam
pus Friday on his trip to Europe. He
will make several stops on his trip
east and will sail from New York on
Christmas day. Dr. Angell will have
his headquarters in Brussels, taking
the place of Dr. V. L. Kellogg, who
moves-on to take charge of relief work
In Russian Poland. In a recent inter
view With Ambassador Gerard, Dr.
KeTlogg declared that conditions were
even worse in Poland than in Belgium.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the Psy
chology department, leaves the cam
pus Friday on his trip to Europe. He
will make several stops on his trip
east and will sail from New York on
Christmas day. Dr. Angell will have
his headquarters in Brussels, taking
the place of Dr. V. L. Kellogg, who
moves-on to take charge of relief work
In Russian Poland. In a recent inter
view With Ambassador Gerard, Dr.
KeTlogg declared that conditions were
even worse in Poland than in Belgium.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the Psy
chology department, leaves the cam
pus Friday on his trip to Europe. He
will make several stops on his trip
east and will sail from New York on
Christmas day. Dr. Angell will have
his headquarters in Brussels, taking
the place of Dr. V. L. Kellogg, who
moves-on to take charge of relief work
In Russian Poland. In a recent inter
view With Ambassador Gerard, Dr.
KeTlogg declared that conditions were
even worse in Poland than in Belgium.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the Psy
chology department, leaves the cam
pus Friday on his trip to Europe. He
will make several stops on his trip
east and will sail from New York on
Christmas day. Dr. Angell will have
his headquarters in Brussels, taking
the place of Dr. V. L. Kellogg, who
moves-on to take charge of relief work
In Russian Poland. In a recent inter
view With Ambassador Gerard, Dr.
KeTlogg declared that conditions were
even worse in Poland than in Belgium.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the Psy
chology department, leaves the cam
pus Friday on his trip to Europe. He
will make several stops on his trip
east and will sail from New York on
Christmas day. Dr. Angell will have
his headquarters in Brussels, taking
the place of Dr. V. L. Kellogg, who
moves-on to take charge of relief work
In Russian Poland. In a recent inter
view With Ambassador Gerard, Dr.
KeTlogg declared that conditions were
even worse in Poland than in Belgium.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the Psy
chology department, leaves the cam
pus Friday on his trip to Europe. He
will make several stops on his trip
east and will sail from New York on
Christmas day. Dr. Angell will have
his headquarters in Brussels, taking
the place of Dr. V. L. Kellogg, who
moves-on to take charge of relief work
In Russian Poland. In a recent inter
view With Ambassador Gerard, Dr.
KeTlogg declared that conditions were
even worse in Poland than in Belgium.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the Psy
chology department, leaves the cam
pus Friday on his trip to Europe. He
will make several stops on his trip
east and will sail from New York on
Christmas day. Dr. Angell will have
his headquarters in Brussels, taking
the place of Dr. V. L. Kellogg, who
moves-on to take charge of relief work
In Russian Poland. In a recent inter
view With Ambassador Gerard, Dr.
KeTlogg declared that conditions were
even worse in Poland than in Belgium.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the Psy
chology department, leaves the cam
pus Friday on his trip to Europe. He
will make several stops on his trip
east and will sail from New York on
Christmas day. Dr. Angell will have
his headquarters in Brussels, taking
the place of Dr. V. L. Kellogg, who
moves-on to take charge of relief work
In Russian Poland. In a recent inter
view With Ambassador Gerard, Dr.
KeTlogg declared that conditions were
even worse in Poland than in Belgium.
Dr. Frank Angell, head of the Psy
chology department, leaves the cam
pus Friday on his trip to Europe. He
will make several stops on his trip
east and will sail from New York on
Christmas day. Dr. Angell will have
his headquarters in Brussels, taking
the place of Dr. V. L. Kellogg, who
moves-on to take charge of relief work
In Russian Poland. In a recent inter
view With Ambassador Gerard, Dr.
KeTlogg declared that conditions were
even worse in Poland than in Belgium.
