# For the record
## 
### 
An item in yesterday's Campus
Bulletin about Black Student
Union elections neglected to men
tion that Nicole Johnson was
elected publicity director of the
BSU.
An item in yesterday's Campus
Bulletin about Black Student
Union elections neglected to men
tion that Nicole Johnson was
elected publicity director of the
BSU.
An item in yesterday's Campus
Bulletin about Black Student
Union elections neglected to men
tion that Nicole Johnson was
elected publicity director of the
BSU.
An item in yesterday's Campus
Bulletin about Black Student
Union elections neglected to men
tion that Nicole Johnson was
elected publicity director of the
BSU.
An item in yesterday's Campus
Bulletin about Black Student
Union elections neglected to men
tion that Nicole Johnson was
elected publicity director of the
BSU.
An item in yesterday's Campus
Bulletin about Black Student
Union elections neglected to men
tion that Nicole Johnson was
elected publicity director of the
BSU.
An item in yesterday's Campus
Bulletin about Black Student
Union elections neglected to men
tion that Nicole Johnson was
elected publicity director of the
BSU.
