# CAMPUS OPINION
## "LET THERE BE LIGHT" 
### 
Tlie Editor, Sir:
This is not being written without
a knowledge of the intricacies in
volved in making up your daily
publication, and it is not an attempt
to claim that balancing your news
items is an easy proposition.
Furthermore, I realize that what
ever you wish to "play up" on the
campus is your own business. Your
readers being to a certain degree
turned toward those events and in
stitutions which it is your pleasure
to propagandise.
S.P.U. SLIGHTED
During the pa.st two quarters the
Daily has played its part in "put
ting over" campus activities, but
taking it as a whole, I feel that your
virtual disregard for one institu
tion is to be scored as unfortunate
mismanagement.
For almost a year the Stanford
Political Union has been active on
the campus as an organization af
fording undergraduates an oppor
tunity to discuss questions of na
tional concern. Prior to last May
the nation's problems were either
something to be read about., men
tioned occasionally after dinner, or
ignored altogether here at Stanford.
'MISSED BOAT'
In the machinery of the Political
Union the campus found an im
measurable asset, and the Daily was
given a scoop which might have
made "top copy" all the year round.
As it is now evident., your publica
tion has missed the boat. Your ar
ticle on the front page of today's
(Thursday, April 27) Daily is typ
ical of the slight recognition you
afford the Union, and reflects an
outlook which grants little value to
such an institution.
I realize there are some things the
Daily cannot be bothered with, but
if an organization which proposes to
bring national affairs to the more
immediate attention of the under

graduates does not deserve the
wholehearted support, of your pub
lication, my judgment of the pur
pose of this university and its pub
licity machinery is unmistakably
wrong.
Oliver Wyman, '40
Tlie Editor, Sir:
This is not being written without
a knowledge of the intricacies in
volved in making up your daily
publication, and it is not an attempt
to claim that balancing your news
items is an easy proposition.
Furthermore, I realize that what
ever you wish to "play up" on the
campus is your own business. Your
readers being to a certain degree
turned toward those events and in
stitutions which it is your pleasure
to propagandise.
S.P.U. SLIGHTED
During the pa.st two quarters the
Daily has played its part in "put
ting over" campus activities, but
taking it as a whole, I feel that your
virtual disregard for one institu
tion is to be scored as unfortunate
mismanagement.
For almost a year the Stanford
Political Union has been active on
the campus as an organization af
fording undergraduates an oppor
tunity to discuss questions of na
tional concern. Prior to last May
the nation's problems were either
something to be read about., men
tioned occasionally after dinner, or
ignored altogether here at Stanford.
'MISSED BOAT'
In the machinery of the Political
Union the campus found an im
measurable asset, and the Daily was
given a scoop which might have
made "top copy" all the year round.
As it is now evident., your publica
tion has missed the boat. Your ar
ticle on the front page of today's
(Thursday, April 27) Daily is typ
ical of the slight recognition you
afford the Union, and reflects an
outlook which grants little value to
such an institution.
I realize there are some things the
Daily cannot be bothered with, but
if an organization which proposes to
bring national affairs to the more
immediate attention of the under

graduates does not deserve the
wholehearted support, of your pub
lication, my judgment of the pur
pose of this university and its pub
licity machinery is unmistakably
wrong.
Oliver Wyman, '40
Tlie Editor, Sir:
This is not being written without
a knowledge of the intricacies in
volved in making up your daily
publication, and it is not an attempt
to claim that balancing your news
items is an easy proposition.
Furthermore, I realize that what
ever you wish to "play up" on the
campus is your own business. Your
readers being to a certain degree
turned toward those events and in
stitutions which it is your pleasure
to propagandise.
S.P.U. SLIGHTED
During the pa.st two quarters the
Daily has played its part in "put
ting over" campus activities, but
taking it as a whole, I feel that your
virtual disregard for one institu
tion is to be scored as unfortunate
mismanagement.
For almost a year the Stanford
Political Union has been active on
the campus as an organization af
fording undergraduates an oppor
tunity to discuss questions of na
tional concern. Prior to last May
the nation's problems were either
something to be read about., men
tioned occasionally after dinner, or
ignored altogether here at Stanford.
'MISSED BOAT'
In the machinery of the Political
Union the campus found an im
measurable asset, and the Daily was
given a scoop which might have
made "top copy" all the year round.
As it is now evident., your publica
tion has missed the boat. Your ar
ticle on the front page of today's
(Thursday, April 27) Daily is typ
ical of the slight recognition you
afford the Union, and reflects an
outlook which grants little value to
such an institution.
I realize there are some things the
Daily cannot be bothered with, but
if an organization which proposes to
bring national affairs to the more
immediate attention of the under

graduates does not deserve the
wholehearted support, of your pub
lication, my judgment of the pur
pose of this university and its pub
licity machinery is unmistakably
wrong.
Oliver Wyman, '40
Tlie Editor, Sir:
This is not being written without
a knowledge of the intricacies in
volved in making up your daily
publication, and it is not an attempt
to claim that balancing your news
items is an easy proposition.
Furthermore, I realize that what
ever you wish to "play up" on the
campus is your own business. Your
readers being to a certain degree
turned toward those events and in
stitutions which it is your pleasure
to propagandise.
S.P.U. SLIGHTED
During the pa.st two quarters the
Daily has played its part in "put
ting over" campus activities, but
taking it as a whole, I feel that your
virtual disregard for one institu
tion is to be scored as unfortunate
mismanagement.
For almost a year the Stanford
Political Union has been active on
the campus as an organization af
fording undergraduates an oppor
tunity to discuss questions of na
tional concern. Prior to last May
the nation's problems were either
something to be read about., men
tioned occasionally after dinner, or
ignored altogether here at Stanford.
'MISSED BOAT'
In the machinery of the Political
Union the campus found an im
measurable asset, and the Daily was
given a scoop which might have
made "top copy" all the year round.
As it is now evident., your publica
tion has missed the boat. Your ar
ticle on the front page of today's
(Thursday, April 27) Daily is typ
ical of the slight recognition you
afford the Union, and reflects an
outlook which grants little value to
such an institution.
I realize there are some things the
Daily cannot be bothered with, but
if an organization which proposes to
bring national affairs to the more
immediate attention of the under

graduates does not deserve the
wholehearted support, of your pub
lication, my judgment of the pur
pose of this university and its pub
licity machinery is unmistakably
wrong.
Oliver Wyman, '40
Tlie Editor, Sir:
This is not being written without
a knowledge of the intricacies in
volved in making up your daily
publication, and it is not an attempt
to claim that balancing your news
items is an easy proposition.
Furthermore, I realize that what
ever you wish to "play up" on the
campus is your own business. Your
readers being to a certain degree
turned toward those events and in
stitutions which it is your pleasure
to propagandise.
S.P.U. SLIGHTED
During the pa.st two quarters the
Daily has played its part in "put
ting over" campus activities, but
taking it as a whole, I feel that your
virtual disregard for one institu
tion is to be scored as unfortunate
mismanagement.
For almost a year the Stanford
Political Union has been active on
the campus as an organization af
fording undergraduates an oppor
tunity to discuss questions of na
tional concern. Prior to last May
the nation's problems were either
something to be read about., men
tioned occasionally after dinner, or
ignored altogether here at Stanford.
'MISSED BOAT'
In the machinery of the Political
Union the campus found an im
measurable asset, and the Daily was
given a scoop which might have
made "top copy" all the year round.
As it is now evident., your publica
tion has missed the boat. Your ar
ticle on the front page of today's
(Thursday, April 27) Daily is typ
ical of the slight recognition you
afford the Union, and reflects an
outlook which grants little value to
such an institution.
I realize there are some things the
Daily cannot be bothered with, but
if an organization which proposes to
bring national affairs to the more
immediate attention of the under

graduates does not deserve the
wholehearted support, of your pub
lication, my judgment of the pur
pose of this university and its pub
licity machinery is unmistakably
wrong.
Oliver Wyman, '40
Tlie Editor, Sir:
This is not being written without
a knowledge of the intricacies in
volved in making up your daily
publication, and it is not an attempt
to claim that balancing your news
items is an easy proposition.
Furthermore, I realize that what
ever you wish to "play up" on the
campus is your own business. Your
readers being to a certain degree
turned toward those events and in
stitutions which it is your pleasure
to propagandise.
S.P.U. SLIGHTED
During the pa.st two quarters the
Daily has played its part in "put
ting over" campus activities, but
taking it as a whole, I feel that your
virtual disregard for one institu
tion is to be scored as unfortunate
mismanagement.
For almost a year the Stanford
Political Union has been active on
the campus as an organization af
fording undergraduates an oppor
tunity to discuss questions of na
tional concern. Prior to last May
the nation's problems were either
something to be read about., men
tioned occasionally after dinner, or
ignored altogether here at Stanford.
'MISSED BOAT'
In the machinery of the Political
Union the campus found an im
measurable asset, and the Daily was
given a scoop which might have
made "top copy" all the year round.
As it is now evident., your publica
tion has missed the boat. Your ar
ticle on the front page of today's
(Thursday, April 27) Daily is typ
ical of the slight recognition you
afford the Union, and reflects an
outlook which grants little value to
such an institution.
I realize there are some things the
Daily cannot be bothered with, but
if an organization which proposes to
bring national affairs to the more
immediate attention of the under

graduates does not deserve the
wholehearted support, of your pub
lication, my judgment of the pur
pose of this university and its pub
licity machinery is unmistakably
wrong.
Oliver Wyman, '40
Tlie Editor, Sir:
This is not being written without
a knowledge of the intricacies in
volved in making up your daily
publication, and it is not an attempt
to claim that balancing your news
items is an easy proposition.
Furthermore, I realize that what
ever you wish to "play up" on the
campus is your own business. Your
readers being to a certain degree
turned toward those events and in
stitutions which it is your pleasure
to propagandise.
S.P.U. SLIGHTED
During the pa.st two quarters the
Daily has played its part in "put
ting over" campus activities, but
taking it as a whole, I feel that your
virtual disregard for one institu
tion is to be scored as unfortunate
mismanagement.
For almost a year the Stanford
Political Union has been active on
the campus as an organization af
fording undergraduates an oppor
tunity to discuss questions of na
tional concern. Prior to last May
the nation's problems were either
something to be read about., men
tioned occasionally after dinner, or
ignored altogether here at Stanford.
'MISSED BOAT'
In the machinery of the Political
Union the campus found an im
measurable asset, and the Daily was
given a scoop which might have
made "top copy" all the year round.
As it is now evident., your publica
tion has missed the boat. Your ar
ticle on the front page of today's
(Thursday, April 27) Daily is typ
ical of the slight recognition you
afford the Union, and reflects an
outlook which grants little value to
such an institution.
I realize there are some things the
Daily cannot be bothered with, but
if an organization which proposes to
bring national affairs to the more
immediate attention of the under

graduates does not deserve the
wholehearted support, of your pub
lication, my judgment of the pur
pose of this university and its pub
licity machinery is unmistakably
wrong.
Oliver Wyman, '40
Tlie Editor, Sir:
This is not being written without
a knowledge of the intricacies in
volved in making up your daily
publication, and it is not an attempt
to claim that balancing your news
items is an easy proposition.
Furthermore, I realize that what
ever you wish to "play up" on the
campus is your own business. Your
readers being to a certain degree
turned toward those events and in
stitutions which it is your pleasure
to propagandise.
S.P.U. SLIGHTED
During the pa.st two quarters the
Daily has played its part in "put
ting over" campus activities, but
taking it as a whole, I feel that your
virtual disregard for one institu
tion is to be scored as unfortunate
mismanagement.
For almost a year the Stanford
Political Union has been active on
the campus as an organization af
fording undergraduates an oppor
tunity to discuss questions of na
tional concern. Prior to last May
the nation's problems were either
something to be read about., men
tioned occasionally after dinner, or
ignored altogether here at Stanford.
'MISSED BOAT'
In the machinery of the Political
Union the campus found an im
measurable asset, and the Daily was
given a scoop which might have
made "top copy" all the year round.
As it is now evident., your publica
tion has missed the boat. Your ar
ticle on the front page of today's
(Thursday, April 27) Daily is typ
ical of the slight recognition you
afford the Union, and reflects an
outlook which grants little value to
such an institution.
I realize there are some things the
Daily cannot be bothered with, but
if an organization which proposes to
bring national affairs to the more
immediate attention of the under

graduates does not deserve the
wholehearted support, of your pub
lication, my judgment of the pur
pose of this university and its pub
licity machinery is unmistakably
wrong.
Oliver Wyman, '40
Tlie Editor, Sir:
This is not being written without
a knowledge of the intricacies in
volved in making up your daily
publication, and it is not an attempt
to claim that balancing your news
items is an easy proposition.
Furthermore, I realize that what
ever you wish to "play up" on the
campus is your own business. Your
readers being to a certain degree
turned toward those events and in
stitutions which it is your pleasure
to propagandise.
S.P.U. SLIGHTED
During the pa.st two quarters the
Daily has played its part in "put
ting over" campus activities, but
taking it as a whole, I feel that your
virtual disregard for one institu
tion is to be scored as unfortunate
mismanagement.
For almost a year the Stanford
Political Union has been active on
the campus as an organization af
fording undergraduates an oppor
tunity to discuss questions of na
tional concern. Prior to last May
the nation's problems were either
something to be read about., men
tioned occasionally after dinner, or
ignored altogether here at Stanford.
'MISSED BOAT'
In the machinery of the Political
Union the campus found an im
measurable asset, and the Daily was
given a scoop which might have
made "top copy" all the year round.
As it is now evident., your publica
tion has missed the boat. Your ar
ticle on the front page of today's
(Thursday, April 27) Daily is typ
ical of the slight recognition you
afford the Union, and reflects an
outlook which grants little value to
such an institution.
I realize there are some things the
Daily cannot be bothered with, but
if an organization which proposes to
bring national affairs to the more
immediate attention of the under

graduates does not deserve the
wholehearted support, of your pub
lication, my judgment of the pur
pose of this university and its pub
licity machinery is unmistakably
wrong.
Oliver Wyman, '40
Tlie Editor, Sir:
This is not being written without
a knowledge of the intricacies in
volved in making up your daily
publication, and it is not an attempt
to claim that balancing your news
items is an easy proposition.
Furthermore, I realize that what
ever you wish to "play up" on the
campus is your own business. Your
readers being to a certain degree
turned toward those events and in
stitutions which it is your pleasure
to propagandise.
S.P.U. SLIGHTED
During the pa.st two quarters the
Daily has played its part in "put
ting over" campus activities, but
taking it as a whole, I feel that your
virtual disregard for one institu
tion is to be scored as unfortunate
mismanagement.
For almost a year the Stanford
Political Union has been active on
the campus as an organization af
fording undergraduates an oppor
tunity to discuss questions of na
tional concern. Prior to last May
the nation's problems were either
something to be read about., men
tioned occasionally after dinner, or
ignored altogether here at Stanford.
'MISSED BOAT'
In the machinery of the Political
Union the campus found an im
measurable asset, and the Daily was
given a scoop which might have
made "top copy" all the year round.
As it is now evident., your publica
tion has missed the boat. Your ar
ticle on the front page of today's
(Thursday, April 27) Daily is typ
ical of the slight recognition you
afford the Union, and reflects an
outlook which grants little value to
such an institution.
I realize there are some things the
Daily cannot be bothered with, but
if an organization which proposes to
bring national affairs to the more
immediate attention of the under

graduates does not deserve the
wholehearted support, of your pub
lication, my judgment of the pur
pose of this university and its pub
licity machinery is unmistakably
wrong.
Oliver Wyman, '40
Tlie Editor, Sir:
This is not being written without
a knowledge of the intricacies in
volved in making up your daily
publication, and it is not an attempt
to claim that balancing your news
items is an easy proposition.
Furthermore, I realize that what
ever you wish to "play up" on the
campus is your own business. Your
readers being to a certain degree
turned toward those events and in
stitutions which it is your pleasure
to propagandise.
S.P.U. SLIGHTED
During the pa.st two quarters the
Daily has played its part in "put
ting over" campus activities, but
taking it as a whole, I feel that your
virtual disregard for one institu
tion is to be scored as unfortunate
mismanagement.
For almost a year the Stanford
Political Union has been active on
the campus as an organization af
fording undergraduates an oppor
tunity to discuss questions of na
tional concern. Prior to last May
the nation's problems were either
something to be read about., men
tioned occasionally after dinner, or
ignored altogether here at Stanford.
'MISSED BOAT'
In the machinery of the Political
Union the campus found an im
measurable asset, and the Daily was
given a scoop which might have
made "top copy" all the year round.
As it is now evident., your publica
tion has missed the boat. Your ar
ticle on the front page of today's
(Thursday, April 27) Daily is typ
ical of the slight recognition you
afford the Union, and reflects an
outlook which grants little value to
such an institution.
I realize there are some things the
Daily cannot be bothered with, but
if an organization which proposes to
bring national affairs to the more
immediate attention of the under

graduates does not deserve the
wholehearted support, of your pub
lication, my judgment of the pur
pose of this university and its pub
licity machinery is unmistakably
wrong.
Oliver Wyman, '40
Tlie Editor, Sir:
This is not being written without
a knowledge of the intricacies in
volved in making up your daily
publication, and it is not an attempt
to claim that balancing your news
items is an easy proposition.
Furthermore, I realize that what
ever you wish to "play up" on the
campus is your own business. Your
readers being to a certain degree
turned toward those events and in
stitutions which it is your pleasure
to propagandise.
S.P.U. SLIGHTED
During the pa.st two quarters the
Daily has played its part in "put
ting over" campus activities, but
taking it as a whole, I feel that your
virtual disregard for one institu
tion is to be scored as unfortunate
mismanagement.
For almost a year the Stanford
Political Union has been active on
the campus as an organization af
fording undergraduates an oppor
tunity to discuss questions of na
tional concern. Prior to last May
the nation's problems were either
something to be read about., men
tioned occasionally after dinner, or
ignored altogether here at Stanford.
'MISSED BOAT'
In the machinery of the Political
Union the campus found an im
measurable asset, and the Daily was
given a scoop which might have
made "top copy" all the year round.
As it is now evident., your publica
tion has missed the boat. Your ar
ticle on the front page of today's
(Thursday, April 27) Daily is typ
ical of the slight recognition you
afford the Union, and reflects an
outlook which grants little value to
such an institution.
I realize there are some things the
Daily cannot be bothered with, but
if an organization which proposes to
bring national affairs to the more
immediate attention of the under

graduates does not deserve the
wholehearted support, of your pub
lication, my judgment of the pur
pose of this university and its pub
licity machinery is unmistakably
wrong.
Oliver Wyman, '40
Tlie Editor, Sir:
This is not being written without
a knowledge of the intricacies in
volved in making up your daily
publication, and it is not an attempt
to claim that balancing your news
items is an easy proposition.
Furthermore, I realize that what
ever you wish to "play up" on the
campus is your own business. Your
readers being to a certain degree
turned toward those events and in
stitutions which it is your pleasure
to propagandise.
S.P.U. SLIGHTED
During the pa.st two quarters the
Daily has played its part in "put
ting over" campus activities, but
taking it as a whole, I feel that your
virtual disregard for one institu
tion is to be scored as unfortunate
mismanagement.
For almost a year the Stanford
Political Union has been active on
the campus as an organization af
fording undergraduates an oppor
tunity to discuss questions of na
tional concern. Prior to last May
the nation's problems were either
something to be read about., men
tioned occasionally after dinner, or
ignored altogether here at Stanford.
'MISSED BOAT'
In the machinery of the Political
Union the campus found an im
measurable asset, and the Daily was
given a scoop which might have
made "top copy" all the year round.
As it is now evident., your publica
tion has missed the boat. Your ar
ticle on the front page of today's
(Thursday, April 27) Daily is typ
ical of the slight recognition you
afford the Union, and reflects an
outlook which grants little value to
such an institution.
I realize there are some things the
Daily cannot be bothered with, but
if an organization which proposes to
bring national affairs to the more
immediate attention of the under

graduates does not deserve the
wholehearted support, of your pub
lication, my judgment of the pur
pose of this university and its pub
licity machinery is unmistakably
wrong.
Oliver Wyman, '40
Tlie Editor, Sir:
This is not being written without
a knowledge of the intricacies in
volved in making up your daily
publication, and it is not an attempt
to claim that balancing your news
items is an easy proposition.
Furthermore, I realize that what
ever you wish to "play up" on the
campus is your own business. Your
readers being to a certain degree
turned toward those events and in
stitutions which it is your pleasure
to propagandise.
S.P.U. SLIGHTED
During the pa.st two quarters the
Daily has played its part in "put
ting over" campus activities, but
taking it as a whole, I feel that your
virtual disregard for one institu
tion is to be scored as unfortunate
mismanagement.
For almost a year the Stanford
Political Union has been active on
the campus as an organization af
fording undergraduates an oppor
tunity to discuss questions of na
tional concern. Prior to last May
the nation's problems were either
something to be read about., men
tioned occasionally after dinner, or
ignored altogether here at Stanford.
'MISSED BOAT'
In the machinery of the Political
Union the campus found an im
measurable asset, and the Daily was
given a scoop which might have
made "top copy" all the year round.
As it is now evident., your publica
tion has missed the boat. Your ar
ticle on the front page of today's
(Thursday, April 27) Daily is typ
ical of the slight recognition you
afford the Union, and reflects an
outlook which grants little value to
such an institution.
I realize there are some things the
Daily cannot be bothered with, but
if an organization which proposes to
bring national affairs to the more
immediate attention of the under

graduates does not deserve the
wholehearted support, of your pub
lication, my judgment of the pur
pose of this university and its pub
licity machinery is unmistakably
wrong.
Oliver Wyman, '40
Tlie Editor, Sir:
This is not being written without
a knowledge of the intricacies in
volved in making up your daily
publication, and it is not an attempt
to claim that balancing your news
items is an easy proposition.
Furthermore, I realize that what
ever you wish to "play up" on the
campus is your own business. Your
readers being to a certain degree
turned toward those events and in
stitutions which it is your pleasure
to propagandise.
S.P.U. SLIGHTED
During the pa.st two quarters the
Daily has played its part in "put
ting over" campus activities, but
taking it as a whole, I feel that your
virtual disregard for one institu
tion is to be scored as unfortunate
mismanagement.
For almost a year the Stanford
Political Union has been active on
the campus as an organization af
fording undergraduates an oppor
tunity to discuss questions of na
tional concern. Prior to last May
the nation's problems were either
something to be read about., men
tioned occasionally after dinner, or
ignored altogether here at Stanford.
'MISSED BOAT'
In the machinery of the Political
Union the campus found an im
measurable asset, and the Daily was
given a scoop which might have
made "top copy" all the year round.
As it is now evident., your publica
tion has missed the boat. Your ar
ticle on the front page of today's
(Thursday, April 27) Daily is typ
ical of the slight recognition you
afford the Union, and reflects an
outlook which grants little value to
such an institution.
I realize there are some things the
Daily cannot be bothered with, but
if an organization which proposes to
bring national affairs to the more
immediate attention of the under

graduates does not deserve the
wholehearted support, of your pub
lication, my judgment of the pur
pose of this university and its pub
licity machinery is unmistakably
wrong.
Oliver Wyman, '40
Tlie Editor, Sir:
This is not being written without
a knowledge of the intricacies in
volved in making up your daily
publication, and it is not an attempt
to claim that balancing your news
items is an easy proposition.
Furthermore, I realize that what
ever you wish to "play up" on the
campus is your own business. Your
readers being to a certain degree
turned toward those events and in
stitutions which it is your pleasure
to propagandise.
S.P.U. SLIGHTED
During the pa.st two quarters the
Daily has played its part in "put
ting over" campus activities, but
taking it as a whole, I feel that your
virtual disregard for one institu
tion is to be scored as unfortunate
mismanagement.
For almost a year the Stanford
Political Union has been active on
the campus as an organization af
fording undergraduates an oppor
tunity to discuss questions of na
tional concern. Prior to last May
the nation's problems were either
something to be read about., men
tioned occasionally after dinner, or
ignored altogether here at Stanford.
'MISSED BOAT'
In the machinery of the Political
Union the campus found an im
measurable asset, and the Daily was
given a scoop which might have
made "top copy" all the year round.
As it is now evident., your publica
tion has missed the boat. Your ar
ticle on the front page of today's
(Thursday, April 27) Daily is typ
ical of the slight recognition you
afford the Union, and reflects an
outlook which grants little value to
such an institution.
I realize there are some things the
Daily cannot be bothered with, but
if an organization which proposes to
bring national affairs to the more
immediate attention of the under

graduates does not deserve the
wholehearted support, of your pub
lication, my judgment of the pur
pose of this university and its pub
licity machinery is unmistakably
wrong.
Oliver Wyman, '40
