# Adv. 30 Page 6
## 
### 
A Sandwich and an Extra
Thick Shake for. . . .25c
o
UNIVERSITY AND
TOKKE CREAMERIES
! r '
I j
A Sandwich and an Extra
Thick Shake for. . . .25c
o
UNIVERSITY AND
TOKKE CREAMERIES
! r '
I j
A Sandwich and an Extra
Thick Shake for. . . .25c
o
UNIVERSITY AND
TOKKE CREAMERIES
! r '
I j
A Sandwich and an Extra
Thick Shake for. . . .25c
o
UNIVERSITY AND
TOKKE CREAMERIES
! r '
I j
A Sandwich and an Extra
Thick Shake for. . . .25c
o
UNIVERSITY AND
TOKKE CREAMERIES
! r '
I j
A Sandwich and an Extra
Thick Shake for. . . .25c
o
UNIVERSITY AND
TOKKE CREAMERIES
! r '
I j
A Sandwich and an Extra
Thick Shake for. . . .25c
o
UNIVERSITY AND
TOKKE CREAMERIES
! r '
I j
A Sandwich and an Extra
Thick Shake for. . . .25c
o
UNIVERSITY AND
TOKKE CREAMERIES
! r '
I j
A Sandwich and an Extra
Thick Shake for. . . .25c
o
UNIVERSITY AND
TOKKE CREAMERIES
! r '
I j
A Sandwich and an Extra
Thick Shake for. . . .25c
o
UNIVERSITY AND
TOKKE CREAMERIES
! r '
I j
A Sandwich and an Extra
Thick Shake for. . . .25c
o
UNIVERSITY AND
TOKKE CREAMERIES
! r '
I j
A Sandwich and an Extra
Thick Shake for. . . .25c
o
UNIVERSITY AND
TOKKE CREAMERIES
! r '
I j
A Sandwich and an Extra
Thick Shake for. . . .25c
o
UNIVERSITY AND
TOKKE CREAMERIES
! r '
I j
A Sandwich and an Extra
Thick Shake for. . . .25c
o
UNIVERSITY AND
TOKKE CREAMERIES
! r '
I j
A Sandwich and an Extra
Thick Shake for. . . .25c
o
UNIVERSITY AND
TOKKE CREAMERIES
! r '
I j
