# NRA Meets Crucial Test In Supreme Court Battle
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 2 (/!»). —'The
ruffled feathers of the Blue Eagle
fluttered nervously above two Capi
tol battle fields today in a war over
its future.
In the Supreme Court., crowded to
capacity. Solicitor General Stanley
Reed began oral arguments on a
poultry market case from New York
chosen by the Government for a
constitutional test of basic NRA
principles.
WASHINGTON, May 2 (/!»). —'The
ruffled feathers of the Blue Eagle
fluttered nervously above two Capi
tol battle fields today in a war over
its future.
In the Supreme Court., crowded to
capacity. Solicitor General Stanley
Reed began oral arguments on a
poultry market case from New York
chosen by the Government for a
constitutional test of basic NRA
principles.
WASHINGTON, May 2 (/!»). —'The
ruffled feathers of the Blue Eagle
fluttered nervously above two Capi
tol battle fields today in a war over
its future.
In the Supreme Court., crowded to
capacity. Solicitor General Stanley
Reed began oral arguments on a
poultry market case from New York
chosen by the Government for a
constitutional test of basic NRA
principles.
WASHINGTON, May 2 (/!»). —'The
ruffled feathers of the Blue Eagle
fluttered nervously above two Capi
tol battle fields today in a war over
its future.
In the Supreme Court., crowded to
capacity. Solicitor General Stanley
Reed began oral arguments on a
poultry market case from New York
chosen by the Government for a
constitutional test of basic NRA
principles.
WASHINGTON, May 2 (/!»). —'The
ruffled feathers of the Blue Eagle
fluttered nervously above two Capi
tol battle fields today in a war over
its future.
In the Supreme Court., crowded to
capacity. Solicitor General Stanley
Reed began oral arguments on a
poultry market case from New York
chosen by the Government for a
constitutional test of basic NRA
principles.
WASHINGTON, May 2 (/!»). —'The
ruffled feathers of the Blue Eagle
fluttered nervously above two Capi
tol battle fields today in a war over
its future.
In the Supreme Court., crowded to
capacity. Solicitor General Stanley
Reed began oral arguments on a
poultry market case from New York
chosen by the Government for a
constitutional test of basic NRA
principles.
WASHINGTON, May 2 (/!»). —'The
ruffled feathers of the Blue Eagle
fluttered nervously above two Capi
tol battle fields today in a war over
its future.
In the Supreme Court., crowded to
capacity. Solicitor General Stanley
Reed began oral arguments on a
poultry market case from New York
chosen by the Government for a
constitutional test of basic NRA
principles.
WASHINGTON, May 2 (/!»). —'The
ruffled feathers of the Blue Eagle
fluttered nervously above two Capi
tol battle fields today in a war over
its future.
In the Supreme Court., crowded to
capacity. Solicitor General Stanley
Reed began oral arguments on a
poultry market case from New York
chosen by the Government for a
constitutional test of basic NRA
principles.
WASHINGTON, May 2 (/!»). —'The
ruffled feathers of the Blue Eagle
fluttered nervously above two Capi
tol battle fields today in a war over
its future.
In the Supreme Court., crowded to
capacity. Solicitor General Stanley
Reed began oral arguments on a
poultry market case from New York
chosen by the Government for a
constitutional test of basic NRA
principles.
WASHINGTON, May 2 (/!»). —'The
ruffled feathers of the Blue Eagle
fluttered nervously above two Capi
tol battle fields today in a war over
its future.
In the Supreme Court., crowded to
capacity. Solicitor General Stanley
Reed began oral arguments on a
poultry market case from New York
chosen by the Government for a
constitutional test of basic NRA
principles.
WASHINGTON, May 2 (/!»). —'The
ruffled feathers of the Blue Eagle
fluttered nervously above two Capi
tol battle fields today in a war over
its future.
In the Supreme Court., crowded to
capacity. Solicitor General Stanley
Reed began oral arguments on a
poultry market case from New York
chosen by the Government for a
constitutional test of basic NRA
principles.
WASHINGTON, May 2 (/!»). —'The
ruffled feathers of the Blue Eagle
fluttered nervously above two Capi
tol battle fields today in a war over
its future.
In the Supreme Court., crowded to
capacity. Solicitor General Stanley
Reed began oral arguments on a
poultry market case from New York
chosen by the Government for a
constitutional test of basic NRA
principles.
WASHINGTON, May 2 (/!»). —'The
ruffled feathers of the Blue Eagle
fluttered nervously above two Capi
tol battle fields today in a war over
its future.
In the Supreme Court., crowded to
capacity. Solicitor General Stanley
Reed began oral arguments on a
poultry market case from New York
chosen by the Government for a
constitutional test of basic NRA
principles.
WASHINGTON, May 2 (/!»). —'The
ruffled feathers of the Blue Eagle
fluttered nervously above two Capi
tol battle fields today in a war over
its future.
In the Supreme Court., crowded to
capacity. Solicitor General Stanley
Reed began oral arguments on a
poultry market case from New York
chosen by the Government for a
constitutional test of basic NRA
principles.
WASHINGTON, May 2 (/!»). —'The
ruffled feathers of the Blue Eagle
fluttered nervously above two Capi
tol battle fields today in a war over
its future.
In the Supreme Court., crowded to
capacity. Solicitor General Stanley
Reed began oral arguments on a
poultry market case from New York
chosen by the Government for a
constitutional test of basic NRA
principles.
