# CONTENDER FOR KENTUCKY DERBY
## 
### 

St. Bernard is one of the entries in the Kentucky Derby to receivi
favorable attention in pre-race speculations on the winner of the tur
classic. (Associated Press Photo)

St. Bernard is one of the entries in the Kentucky Derby to receivi
favorable attention in pre-race speculations on the winner of the tur
classic. (Associated Press Photo)

St. Bernard is one of the entries in the Kentucky Derby to receivi
favorable attention in pre-race speculations on the winner of the tur
classic. (Associated Press Photo)

St. Bernard is one of the entries in the Kentucky Derby to receivi
favorable attention in pre-race speculations on the winner of the tur
classic. (Associated Press Photo)

St. Bernard is one of the entries in the Kentucky Derby to receivi
favorable attention in pre-race speculations on the winner of the tur
classic. (Associated Press Photo)

St. Bernard is one of the entries in the Kentucky Derby to receivi
favorable attention in pre-race speculations on the winner of the tur
classic. (Associated Press Photo)

St. Bernard is one of the entries in the Kentucky Derby to receivi
favorable attention in pre-race speculations on the winner of the tur
classic. (Associated Press Photo)

St. Bernard is one of the entries in the Kentucky Derby to receivi
favorable attention in pre-race speculations on the winner of the tur
classic. (Associated Press Photo)

St. Bernard is one of the entries in the Kentucky Derby to receivi
favorable attention in pre-race speculations on the winner of the tur
classic. (Associated Press Photo)

St. Bernard is one of the entries in the Kentucky Derby to receivi
favorable attention in pre-race speculations on the winner of the tur
classic. (Associated Press Photo)

St. Bernard is one of the entries in the Kentucky Derby to receivi
favorable attention in pre-race speculations on the winner of the tur
classic. (Associated Press Photo)

St. Bernard is one of the entries in the Kentucky Derby to receivi
favorable attention in pre-race speculations on the winner of the tur
classic. (Associated Press Photo)

St. Bernard is one of the entries in the Kentucky Derby to receivi
favorable attention in pre-race speculations on the winner of the tur
classic. (Associated Press Photo)

St. Bernard is one of the entries in the Kentucky Derby to receivi
favorable attention in pre-race speculations on the winner of the tur
classic. (Associated Press Photo)

St. Bernard is one of the entries in the Kentucky Derby to receivi
favorable attention in pre-race speculations on the winner of the tur
classic. (Associated Press Photo)
