# Guerard Speaks On Europe Setup In Today's Daily
## 
### 
In this mornings editorial
columns an interview is pre
sented with Professor Albert
Guei;ard, on the European sit
uation, and Germany in par
ticular.
Professor Guerard, who is an
authority on this subject, has
watched events on the Conti
nent and written many articles
on questions of French and
European policies for New York
and San Francisco newspapers.
Read this interview in today's
"Viewing the News."
In this mornings editorial
columns an interview is pre
sented with Professor Albert
Guei;ard, on the European sit
uation, and Germany in par
ticular.
Professor Guerard, who is an
authority on this subject, has
watched events on the Conti
nent and written many articles
on questions of French and
European policies for New York
and San Francisco newspapers.
Read this interview in today's
"Viewing the News."
In this mornings editorial
columns an interview is pre
sented with Professor Albert
Guei;ard, on the European sit
uation, and Germany in par
ticular.
Professor Guerard, who is an
authority on this subject, has
watched events on the Conti
nent and written many articles
on questions of French and
European policies for New York
and San Francisco newspapers.
Read this interview in today's
"Viewing the News."
In this mornings editorial
columns an interview is pre
sented with Professor Albert
Guei;ard, on the European sit
uation, and Germany in par
ticular.
Professor Guerard, who is an
authority on this subject, has
watched events on the Conti
nent and written many articles
on questions of French and
European policies for New York
and San Francisco newspapers.
Read this interview in today's
"Viewing the News."
In this mornings editorial
columns an interview is pre
sented with Professor Albert
Guei;ard, on the European sit
uation, and Germany in par
ticular.
Professor Guerard, who is an
authority on this subject, has
watched events on the Conti
nent and written many articles
on questions of French and
European policies for New York
and San Francisco newspapers.
Read this interview in today's
"Viewing the News."
In this mornings editorial
columns an interview is pre
sented with Professor Albert
Guei;ard, on the European sit
uation, and Germany in par
ticular.
Professor Guerard, who is an
authority on this subject, has
watched events on the Conti
nent and written many articles
on questions of French and
European policies for New York
and San Francisco newspapers.
Read this interview in today's
"Viewing the News."
In this mornings editorial
columns an interview is pre
sented with Professor Albert
Guei;ard, on the European sit
uation, and Germany in par
ticular.
Professor Guerard, who is an
authority on this subject, has
watched events on the Conti
nent and written many articles
on questions of French and
European policies for New York
and San Francisco newspapers.
Read this interview in today's
"Viewing the News."
In this mornings editorial
columns an interview is pre
sented with Professor Albert
Guei;ard, on the European sit
uation, and Germany in par
ticular.
Professor Guerard, who is an
authority on this subject, has
watched events on the Conti
nent and written many articles
on questions of French and
European policies for New York
and San Francisco newspapers.
Read this interview in today's
"Viewing the News."
In this mornings editorial
columns an interview is pre
sented with Professor Albert
Guei;ard, on the European sit
uation, and Germany in par
ticular.
Professor Guerard, who is an
authority on this subject, has
watched events on the Conti
nent and written many articles
on questions of French and
European policies for New York
and San Francisco newspapers.
Read this interview in today's
"Viewing the News."
In this mornings editorial
columns an interview is pre
sented with Professor Albert
Guei;ard, on the European sit
uation, and Germany in par
ticular.
Professor Guerard, who is an
authority on this subject, has
watched events on the Conti
nent and written many articles
on questions of French and
European policies for New York
and San Francisco newspapers.
Read this interview in today's
"Viewing the News."
In this mornings editorial
columns an interview is pre
sented with Professor Albert
Guei;ard, on the European sit
uation, and Germany in par
ticular.
Professor Guerard, who is an
authority on this subject, has
watched events on the Conti
nent and written many articles
on questions of French and
European policies for New York
and San Francisco newspapers.
Read this interview in today's
"Viewing the News."
In this mornings editorial
columns an interview is pre
sented with Professor Albert
Guei;ard, on the European sit
uation, and Germany in par
ticular.
Professor Guerard, who is an
authority on this subject, has
watched events on the Conti
nent and written many articles
on questions of French and
European policies for New York
and San Francisco newspapers.
Read this interview in today's
"Viewing the News."
In this mornings editorial
columns an interview is pre
sented with Professor Albert
Guei;ard, on the European sit
uation, and Germany in par
ticular.
Professor Guerard, who is an
authority on this subject, has
watched events on the Conti
nent and written many articles
on questions of French and
European policies for New York
and San Francisco newspapers.
Read this interview in today's
"Viewing the News."
In this mornings editorial
columns an interview is pre
sented with Professor Albert
Guei;ard, on the European sit
uation, and Germany in par
ticular.
Professor Guerard, who is an
authority on this subject, has
watched events on the Conti
nent and written many articles
on questions of French and
European policies for New York
and San Francisco newspapers.
Read this interview in today's
"Viewing the News."
In this mornings editorial
columns an interview is pre
sented with Professor Albert
Guei;ard, on the European sit
uation, and Germany in par
ticular.
Professor Guerard, who is an
authority on this subject, has
watched events on the Conti
nent and written many articles
on questions of French and
European policies for New York
and San Francisco newspapers.
Read this interview in today's
"Viewing the News."
