# SCHOLARSHIP CHECKED
## 
### 
A new department known as the
Committee of Scholarship Regulation
has been recently established at the
Southern Branch, to check up on the
scholastic rating of all those engaged
in student activities. A student who
falls five points below a "C" average
will be dismissed from the activity.
Kxceptions are made in the case of
athletes where conference rules are
used, or salaried positions where the
student depends on the money for his
college education.
A new department known as the
Committee of Scholarship Regulation
has been recently established at the
Southern Branch, to check up on the
scholastic rating of all those engaged
in student activities. A student who
falls five points below a "C" average
will be dismissed from the activity.
Kxceptions are made in the case of
athletes where conference rules are
used, or salaried positions where the
student depends on the money for his
college education.
A new department known as the
Committee of Scholarship Regulation
has been recently established at the
Southern Branch, to check up on the
scholastic rating of all those engaged
in student activities. A student who
falls five points below a "C" average
will be dismissed from the activity.
Kxceptions are made in the case of
athletes where conference rules are
used, or salaried positions where the
student depends on the money for his
college education.
A new department known as the
Committee of Scholarship Regulation
has been recently established at the
Southern Branch, to check up on the
scholastic rating of all those engaged
in student activities. A student who
falls five points below a "C" average
will be dismissed from the activity.
Kxceptions are made in the case of
athletes where conference rules are
used, or salaried positions where the
student depends on the money for his
college education.
A new department known as the
Committee of Scholarship Regulation
has been recently established at the
Southern Branch, to check up on the
scholastic rating of all those engaged
in student activities. A student who
falls five points below a "C" average
will be dismissed from the activity.
Kxceptions are made in the case of
athletes where conference rules are
used, or salaried positions where the
student depends on the money for his
college education.
A new department known as the
Committee of Scholarship Regulation
has been recently established at the
Southern Branch, to check up on the
scholastic rating of all those engaged
in student activities. A student who
falls five points below a "C" average
will be dismissed from the activity.
Kxceptions are made in the case of
athletes where conference rules are
used, or salaried positions where the
student depends on the money for his
college education.
A new department known as the
Committee of Scholarship Regulation
has been recently established at the
Southern Branch, to check up on the
scholastic rating of all those engaged
in student activities. A student who
falls five points below a "C" average
will be dismissed from the activity.
Kxceptions are made in the case of
athletes where conference rules are
used, or salaried positions where the
student depends on the money for his
college education.
A new department known as the
Committee of Scholarship Regulation
has been recently established at the
Southern Branch, to check up on the
scholastic rating of all those engaged
in student activities. A student who
falls five points below a "C" average
will be dismissed from the activity.
Kxceptions are made in the case of
athletes where conference rules are
used, or salaried positions where the
student depends on the money for his
college education.
A new department known as the
Committee of Scholarship Regulation
has been recently established at the
Southern Branch, to check up on the
scholastic rating of all those engaged
in student activities. A student who
falls five points below a "C" average
will be dismissed from the activity.
Kxceptions are made in the case of
athletes where conference rules are
used, or salaried positions where the
student depends on the money for his
college education.
A new department known as the
Committee of Scholarship Regulation
has been recently established at the
Southern Branch, to check up on the
scholastic rating of all those engaged
in student activities. A student who
falls five points below a "C" average
will be dismissed from the activity.
Kxceptions are made in the case of
athletes where conference rules are
used, or salaried positions where the
student depends on the money for his
college education.
A new department known as the
Committee of Scholarship Regulation
has been recently established at the
Southern Branch, to check up on the
scholastic rating of all those engaged
in student activities. A student who
falls five points below a "C" average
will be dismissed from the activity.
Kxceptions are made in the case of
athletes where conference rules are
used, or salaried positions where the
student depends on the money for his
college education.
A new department known as the
Committee of Scholarship Regulation
has been recently established at the
Southern Branch, to check up on the
scholastic rating of all those engaged
in student activities. A student who
falls five points below a "C" average
will be dismissed from the activity.
Kxceptions are made in the case of
athletes where conference rules are
used, or salaried positions where the
student depends on the money for his
college education.
A new department known as the
Committee of Scholarship Regulation
has been recently established at the
Southern Branch, to check up on the
scholastic rating of all those engaged
in student activities. A student who
falls five points below a "C" average
will be dismissed from the activity.
Kxceptions are made in the case of
athletes where conference rules are
used, or salaried positions where the
student depends on the money for his
college education.
A new department known as the
Committee of Scholarship Regulation
has been recently established at the
Southern Branch, to check up on the
scholastic rating of all those engaged
in student activities. A student who
falls five points below a "C" average
will be dismissed from the activity.
Kxceptions are made in the case of
athletes where conference rules are
used, or salaried positions where the
student depends on the money for his
college education.
A new department known as the
Committee of Scholarship Regulation
has been recently established at the
Southern Branch, to check up on the
scholastic rating of all those engaged
in student activities. A student who
falls five points below a "C" average
will be dismissed from the activity.
Kxceptions are made in the case of
athletes where conference rules are
used, or salaried positions where the
student depends on the money for his
college education.
