# AISLE SEAT
## 
### 
"The Merry Widow," St. Francis
Theatre, San Francisco
This is an adaptation of the old
"Merry Widow" stage success of waltz
song fame, although liberties have
been taken with the plot. The heroine
now starts out as Miss O'Hara, one of
the "ladies of the chorus" in an Ameri
can musical comedy company touring
a mythical European kingdom with an
unpronouncable name. It is hardly fair
to tell that she ends as queen of said
country, although it is perfectly true
and is merely introduced as evidence
of the fact that Miss O'Hara upholds
the best tradition of Americans in
Graustarkian kingdom.
Mae Murray as the touring Follies
beauty and John Gilbert as the ex
tremely wide-awake and attractive (to
ladies) prince, are lieadliners in a
well-selected cast. Then there is a
Crown Prince so utterly and complete
ly villainous that we half expected him
to put on a fur coat and start fore
closing mortgages and strapping hero
ines to buzz saws.
Von Stroheim, as usual, in his direc
tion, found it necessary to make an
extremely long picture with the result
that the part leading up to Mae's be
coming the rich and merry widow of
Europe is rather lengthy, though inter
esting, and the last part is somewhat
too hurried to do it justice. Von Stro
heim. however, is an original and strik
ing director and has combined an un
mistakably European flavor with a
starkly realistic treatment to make a
film that can truthfully be described
as "sensational" by its press agents.
â€”H. A. K.
