# Enemy Invasion Feared As Giant Searchlights Sweep Western Skies
## 
### 
A foreign invasion? A fleet ap
proaching from the sea? Such ques
tions raced through the minds of
students and townspeople who wit
nessed six long shafts of light
sweeping the sky from behind the
western foothills last night between
6:30 and 8 o'clock. Investigation
proved them to be from the 62nd
Coast Artillery practice with anti
aircraft searchlight in the Portola
valley between Stanford and Santa
Cruz.
The artillery had been holding
practice at Santa Cruz, but fog
made further work there impos
sible, and the equipment was trans
ported inland where better weather
conditions prevailed. It is planned
to use aeroplanes at night for fur
ther practice in locating moving ob
jects. The company will stay at its
present location till Wednesday.
