# Chi Psi 'Big Sleep'
## 
### 
Pajamas, slippers, and other night
wear are the accepted mode of
dress for the Chi Psi "Big Sleep
Dance" to be held tomorrow night
from 9 to midnight. Refreshments
will be served and dancing will be
to the music of Kenny Taix.
Pajamas, slippers, and other night
wear are the accepted mode of
dress for the Chi Psi "Big Sleep
Dance" to be held tomorrow night
from 9 to midnight. Refreshments
will be served and dancing will be
to the music of Kenny Taix.
Pajamas, slippers, and other night
wear are the accepted mode of
dress for the Chi Psi "Big Sleep
Dance" to be held tomorrow night
from 9 to midnight. Refreshments
will be served and dancing will be
to the music of Kenny Taix.
Pajamas, slippers, and other night
wear are the accepted mode of
dress for the Chi Psi "Big Sleep
Dance" to be held tomorrow night
from 9 to midnight. Refreshments
will be served and dancing will be
to the music of Kenny Taix.
Pajamas, slippers, and other night
wear are the accepted mode of
dress for the Chi Psi "Big Sleep
Dance" to be held tomorrow night
from 9 to midnight. Refreshments
will be served and dancing will be
to the music of Kenny Taix.
Pajamas, slippers, and other night
wear are the accepted mode of
dress for the Chi Psi "Big Sleep
Dance" to be held tomorrow night
from 9 to midnight. Refreshments
will be served and dancing will be
to the music of Kenny Taix.
Pajamas, slippers, and other night
wear are the accepted mode of
dress for the Chi Psi "Big Sleep
Dance" to be held tomorrow night
from 9 to midnight. Refreshments
will be served and dancing will be
to the music of Kenny Taix.
Pajamas, slippers, and other night
wear are the accepted mode of
dress for the Chi Psi "Big Sleep
Dance" to be held tomorrow night
from 9 to midnight. Refreshments
will be served and dancing will be
to the music of Kenny Taix.
Pajamas, slippers, and other night
wear are the accepted mode of
dress for the Chi Psi "Big Sleep
Dance" to be held tomorrow night
from 9 to midnight. Refreshments
will be served and dancing will be
to the music of Kenny Taix.
Pajamas, slippers, and other night
wear are the accepted mode of
dress for the Chi Psi "Big Sleep
Dance" to be held tomorrow night
from 9 to midnight. Refreshments
will be served and dancing will be
to the music of Kenny Taix.
Pajamas, slippers, and other night
wear are the accepted mode of
dress for the Chi Psi "Big Sleep
Dance" to be held tomorrow night
from 9 to midnight. Refreshments
will be served and dancing will be
to the music of Kenny Taix.
Pajamas, slippers, and other night
wear are the accepted mode of
dress for the Chi Psi "Big Sleep
Dance" to be held tomorrow night
from 9 to midnight. Refreshments
will be served and dancing will be
to the music of Kenny Taix.
Pajamas, slippers, and other night
wear are the accepted mode of
dress for the Chi Psi "Big Sleep
Dance" to be held tomorrow night
from 9 to midnight. Refreshments
will be served and dancing will be
to the music of Kenny Taix.
Pajamas, slippers, and other night
wear are the accepted mode of
dress for the Chi Psi "Big Sleep
Dance" to be held tomorrow night
from 9 to midnight. Refreshments
will be served and dancing will be
to the music of Kenny Taix.
Pajamas, slippers, and other night
wear are the accepted mode of
dress for the Chi Psi "Big Sleep
Dance" to be held tomorrow night
from 9 to midnight. Refreshments
will be served and dancing will be
to the music of Kenny Taix.
