# 'Hose Jose'-Rally Theme
## 
### 
Let’s “Hose Jose” is the
theme of the pre-San Jose
State game rally to be held
tomorrow at 7 p.m.' in front
of the Bookstore.
In addition to several sur
prises planned by the Rally
Com, the program will fea
ture Indian halfback Larry
Royse, the Stanford Band,
pom-pon girls, cheerleaders
and other pigskin prominents.
Arrangements have been
made to have a fire engine
lead the rally past the dorms
on the way to the Bookstore.
Let’s “Hose Jose” is the
theme of the pre-San Jose
State game rally to be held
tomorrow at 7 p.m.' in front
of the Bookstore.
In addition to several sur
prises planned by the Rally
Com, the program will fea
ture Indian halfback Larry
Royse, the Stanford Band,
pom-pon girls, cheerleaders
and other pigskin prominents.
Arrangements have been
made to have a fire engine
lead the rally past the dorms
on the way to the Bookstore.
Let’s “Hose Jose” is the
theme of the pre-San Jose
State game rally to be held
tomorrow at 7 p.m.' in front
of the Bookstore.
In addition to several sur
prises planned by the Rally
Com, the program will fea
ture Indian halfback Larry
Royse, the Stanford Band,
pom-pon girls, cheerleaders
and other pigskin prominents.
Arrangements have been
made to have a fire engine
lead the rally past the dorms
on the way to the Bookstore.
Let’s “Hose Jose” is the
theme of the pre-San Jose
State game rally to be held
tomorrow at 7 p.m.' in front
of the Bookstore.
In addition to several sur
prises planned by the Rally
Com, the program will fea
ture Indian halfback Larry
Royse, the Stanford Band,
pom-pon girls, cheerleaders
and other pigskin prominents.
Arrangements have been
made to have a fire engine
lead the rally past the dorms
on the way to the Bookstore.
Let’s “Hose Jose” is the
theme of the pre-San Jose
State game rally to be held
tomorrow at 7 p.m.' in front
of the Bookstore.
In addition to several sur
prises planned by the Rally
Com, the program will fea
ture Indian halfback Larry
Royse, the Stanford Band,
pom-pon girls, cheerleaders
and other pigskin prominents.
Arrangements have been
made to have a fire engine
lead the rally past the dorms
on the way to the Bookstore.
Let’s “Hose Jose” is the
theme of the pre-San Jose
State game rally to be held
tomorrow at 7 p.m.' in front
of the Bookstore.
In addition to several sur
prises planned by the Rally
Com, the program will fea
ture Indian halfback Larry
Royse, the Stanford Band,
pom-pon girls, cheerleaders
and other pigskin prominents.
Arrangements have been
made to have a fire engine
lead the rally past the dorms
on the way to the Bookstore.
Let’s “Hose Jose” is the
theme of the pre-San Jose
State game rally to be held
tomorrow at 7 p.m.' in front
of the Bookstore.
In addition to several sur
prises planned by the Rally
Com, the program will fea
ture Indian halfback Larry
Royse, the Stanford Band,
pom-pon girls, cheerleaders
and other pigskin prominents.
Arrangements have been
made to have a fire engine
lead the rally past the dorms
on the way to the Bookstore.
Let’s “Hose Jose” is the
theme of the pre-San Jose
State game rally to be held
tomorrow at 7 p.m.' in front
of the Bookstore.
In addition to several sur
prises planned by the Rally
Com, the program will fea
ture Indian halfback Larry
Royse, the Stanford Band,
pom-pon girls, cheerleaders
and other pigskin prominents.
Arrangements have been
made to have a fire engine
lead the rally past the dorms
on the way to the Bookstore.
Let’s “Hose Jose” is the
theme of the pre-San Jose
State game rally to be held
tomorrow at 7 p.m.' in front
of the Bookstore.
In addition to several sur
prises planned by the Rally
Com, the program will fea
ture Indian halfback Larry
Royse, the Stanford Band,
pom-pon girls, cheerleaders
and other pigskin prominents.
Arrangements have been
made to have a fire engine
lead the rally past the dorms
on the way to the Bookstore.
Let’s “Hose Jose” is the
theme of the pre-San Jose
State game rally to be held
tomorrow at 7 p.m.' in front
of the Bookstore.
In addition to several sur
prises planned by the Rally
Com, the program will fea
ture Indian halfback Larry
Royse, the Stanford Band,
pom-pon girls, cheerleaders
and other pigskin prominents.
Arrangements have been
made to have a fire engine
lead the rally past the dorms
on the way to the Bookstore.
Let’s “Hose Jose” is the
theme of the pre-San Jose
State game rally to be held
tomorrow at 7 p.m.' in front
of the Bookstore.
In addition to several sur
prises planned by the Rally
Com, the program will fea
ture Indian halfback Larry
Royse, the Stanford Band,
pom-pon girls, cheerleaders
and other pigskin prominents.
Arrangements have been
made to have a fire engine
lead the rally past the dorms
on the way to the Bookstore.
Let’s “Hose Jose” is the
theme of the pre-San Jose
State game rally to be held
tomorrow at 7 p.m.' in front
of the Bookstore.
In addition to several sur
prises planned by the Rally
Com, the program will fea
ture Indian halfback Larry
Royse, the Stanford Band,
pom-pon girls, cheerleaders
and other pigskin prominents.
Arrangements have been
made to have a fire engine
lead the rally past the dorms
on the way to the Bookstore.
Let’s “Hose Jose” is the
theme of the pre-San Jose
State game rally to be held
tomorrow at 7 p.m.' in front
of the Bookstore.
In addition to several sur
prises planned by the Rally
Com, the program will fea
ture Indian halfback Larry
Royse, the Stanford Band,
pom-pon girls, cheerleaders
and other pigskin prominents.
Arrangements have been
made to have a fire engine
lead the rally past the dorms
on the way to the Bookstore.
Let’s “Hose Jose” is the
theme of the pre-San Jose
State game rally to be held
tomorrow at 7 p.m.' in front
of the Bookstore.
In addition to several sur
prises planned by the Rally
Com, the program will fea
ture Indian halfback Larry
Royse, the Stanford Band,
pom-pon girls, cheerleaders
and other pigskin prominents.
Arrangements have been
made to have a fire engine
lead the rally past the dorms
on the way to the Bookstore.
Let’s “Hose Jose” is the
theme of the pre-San Jose
State game rally to be held
tomorrow at 7 p.m.' in front
of the Bookstore.
In addition to several sur
prises planned by the Rally
Com, the program will fea
ture Indian halfback Larry
Royse, the Stanford Band,
pom-pon girls, cheerleaders
and other pigskin prominents.
Arrangements have been
made to have a fire engine
lead the rally past the dorms
on the way to the Bookstore.
Let’s “Hose Jose” is the
theme of the pre-San Jose
State game rally to be held
tomorrow at 7 p.m.' in front
of the Bookstore.
In addition to several sur
prises planned by the Rally
Com, the program will fea
ture Indian halfback Larry
Royse, the Stanford Band,
pom-pon girls, cheerleaders
and other pigskin prominents.
Arrangements have been
made to have a fire engine
lead the rally past the dorms
on the way to the Bookstore.
Let’s “Hose Jose” is the
theme of the pre-San Jose
State game rally to be held
tomorrow at 7 p.m.' in front
of the Bookstore.
In addition to several sur
prises planned by the Rally
Com, the program will fea
ture Indian halfback Larry
Royse, the Stanford Band,
pom-pon girls, cheerleaders
and other pigskin prominents.
Arrangements have been
made to have a fire engine
lead the rally past the dorms
on the way to the Bookstore.
