# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
Special Students' Sale. Special Dir
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works. j,?5 Univer
sity avenue.
Special Students' Sale. Special Dir
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works. j,?5 Univer
sity avenue.
Special Students' Sale. Special Dir
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works. j,?5 Univer
sity avenue.
Special Students' Sale. Special Dir
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works. j,?5 Univer
sity avenue.
Special Students' Sale. Special Dir
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works. j,?5 Univer
sity avenue.
Special Students' Sale. Special Dir
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works. j,?5 Univer
sity avenue.
Special Students' Sale. Special Dir
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works. j,?5 Univer
sity avenue.
Special Students' Sale. Special Dir
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works. j,?5 Univer
sity avenue.
Special Students' Sale. Special Dir
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works. j,?5 Univer
sity avenue.
Special Students' Sale. Special Dir
counts. Reading Lamps, Extension
Cords, Shades, Portables, etc. Palo
Alto Electrical Works. j,?5 Univer
sity avenue.
