# Jewish Rabbi to Speak In Chapel.
## 
### 
Dr. M. A. Meyer, who has recently
succeeded Dr. Voorsay as tTie resular
rahhi of the Emmanuel Church of Sni
Francisco, will occupv the pulpit of
the University Chanel next Sundav
mornlnt?. Dr. Gardner, who as usual
will conduct, the services, announces
that, vesoers are heiuc held on Thurs
day evenlnes in the Rectory and that
all are invited to att^epd.
Dr. M. A. Meyer, who has recently
succeeded Dr. Voorsay as tTie resular
rahhi of the Emmanuel Church of Sni
Francisco, will occupv the pulpit of
the University Chanel next Sundav
mornlnt?. Dr. Gardner, who as usual
will conduct, the services, announces
that, vesoers are heiuc held on Thurs
day evenlnes in the Rectory and that
all are invited to att^epd.
Dr. M. A. Meyer, who has recently
succeeded Dr. Voorsay as tTie resular
rahhi of the Emmanuel Church of Sni
Francisco, will occupv the pulpit of
the University Chanel next Sundav
mornlnt?. Dr. Gardner, who as usual
will conduct, the services, announces
that, vesoers are heiuc held on Thurs
day evenlnes in the Rectory and that
all are invited to att^epd.
Dr. M. A. Meyer, who has recently
succeeded Dr. Voorsay as tTie resular
rahhi of the Emmanuel Church of Sni
Francisco, will occupv the pulpit of
the University Chanel next Sundav
mornlnt?. Dr. Gardner, who as usual
will conduct, the services, announces
that, vesoers are heiuc held on Thurs
day evenlnes in the Rectory and that
all are invited to att^epd.
Dr. M. A. Meyer, who has recently
succeeded Dr. Voorsay as tTie resular
rahhi of the Emmanuel Church of Sni
Francisco, will occupv the pulpit of
the University Chanel next Sundav
mornlnt?. Dr. Gardner, who as usual
will conduct, the services, announces
that, vesoers are heiuc held on Thurs
day evenlnes in the Rectory and that
all are invited to att^epd.
Dr. M. A. Meyer, who has recently
succeeded Dr. Voorsay as tTie resular
rahhi of the Emmanuel Church of Sni
Francisco, will occupv the pulpit of
the University Chanel next Sundav
mornlnt?. Dr. Gardner, who as usual
will conduct, the services, announces
that, vesoers are heiuc held on Thurs
day evenlnes in the Rectory and that
all are invited to att^epd.
Dr. M. A. Meyer, who has recently
succeeded Dr. Voorsay as tTie resular
rahhi of the Emmanuel Church of Sni
Francisco, will occupv the pulpit of
the University Chanel next Sundav
mornlnt?. Dr. Gardner, who as usual
will conduct, the services, announces
that, vesoers are heiuc held on Thurs
day evenlnes in the Rectory and that
all are invited to att^epd.
Dr. M. A. Meyer, who has recently
succeeded Dr. Voorsay as tTie resular
rahhi of the Emmanuel Church of Sni
Francisco, will occupv the pulpit of
the University Chanel next Sundav
mornlnt?. Dr. Gardner, who as usual
will conduct, the services, announces
that, vesoers are heiuc held on Thurs
day evenlnes in the Rectory and that
all are invited to att^epd.
Dr. M. A. Meyer, who has recently
succeeded Dr. Voorsay as tTie resular
rahhi of the Emmanuel Church of Sni
Francisco, will occupv the pulpit of
the University Chanel next Sundav
mornlnt?. Dr. Gardner, who as usual
will conduct, the services, announces
that, vesoers are heiuc held on Thurs
day evenlnes in the Rectory and that
all are invited to att^epd.
Dr. M. A. Meyer, who has recently
succeeded Dr. Voorsay as tTie resular
rahhi of the Emmanuel Church of Sni
Francisco, will occupv the pulpit of
the University Chanel next Sundav
mornlnt?. Dr. Gardner, who as usual
will conduct, the services, announces
that, vesoers are heiuc held on Thurs
day evenlnes in the Rectory and that
all are invited to att^epd.
Dr. M. A. Meyer, who has recently
succeeded Dr. Voorsay as tTie resular
rahhi of the Emmanuel Church of Sni
Francisco, will occupv the pulpit of
the University Chanel next Sundav
mornlnt?. Dr. Gardner, who as usual
will conduct, the services, announces
that, vesoers are heiuc held on Thurs
day evenlnes in the Rectory and that
all are invited to att^epd.
