# Intermezzo Movie To Be on Joan of Arc
## 
### 
A silent French motion picture,
"The Passion of Joan of Arc," will
be shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in
Cubberley Auditorium on the sum
mer quarter Intermezzo series.
Students and faculty will be ad
mitted without charge to the show
ing, which is sponsored jointly by
the University Library and Memo
rial Church.
A silent French motion picture,
"The Passion of Joan of Arc," will
be shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in
Cubberley Auditorium on the sum
mer quarter Intermezzo series.
Students and faculty will be ad
mitted without charge to the show
ing, which is sponsored jointly by
the University Library and Memo
rial Church.
A silent French motion picture,
"The Passion of Joan of Arc," will
be shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in
Cubberley Auditorium on the sum
mer quarter Intermezzo series.
Students and faculty will be ad
mitted without charge to the show
ing, which is sponsored jointly by
the University Library and Memo
rial Church.
A silent French motion picture,
"The Passion of Joan of Arc," will
be shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in
Cubberley Auditorium on the sum
mer quarter Intermezzo series.
Students and faculty will be ad
mitted without charge to the show
ing, which is sponsored jointly by
the University Library and Memo
rial Church.
A silent French motion picture,
"The Passion of Joan of Arc," will
be shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in
Cubberley Auditorium on the sum
mer quarter Intermezzo series.
Students and faculty will be ad
mitted without charge to the show
ing, which is sponsored jointly by
the University Library and Memo
rial Church.
A silent French motion picture,
"The Passion of Joan of Arc," will
be shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in
Cubberley Auditorium on the sum
mer quarter Intermezzo series.
Students and faculty will be ad
mitted without charge to the show
ing, which is sponsored jointly by
the University Library and Memo
rial Church.
A silent French motion picture,
"The Passion of Joan of Arc," will
be shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in
Cubberley Auditorium on the sum
mer quarter Intermezzo series.
Students and faculty will be ad
mitted without charge to the show
ing, which is sponsored jointly by
the University Library and Memo
rial Church.
A silent French motion picture,
"The Passion of Joan of Arc," will
be shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in
Cubberley Auditorium on the sum
mer quarter Intermezzo series.
Students and faculty will be ad
mitted without charge to the show
ing, which is sponsored jointly by
the University Library and Memo
rial Church.
A silent French motion picture,
"The Passion of Joan of Arc," will
be shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in
Cubberley Auditorium on the sum
mer quarter Intermezzo series.
Students and faculty will be ad
mitted without charge to the show
ing, which is sponsored jointly by
the University Library and Memo
rial Church.
A silent French motion picture,
"The Passion of Joan of Arc," will
be shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in
Cubberley Auditorium on the sum
mer quarter Intermezzo series.
Students and faculty will be ad
mitted without charge to the show
ing, which is sponsored jointly by
the University Library and Memo
rial Church.
A silent French motion picture,
"The Passion of Joan of Arc," will
be shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in
Cubberley Auditorium on the sum
mer quarter Intermezzo series.
Students and faculty will be ad
mitted without charge to the show
ing, which is sponsored jointly by
the University Library and Memo
rial Church.
A silent French motion picture,
"The Passion of Joan of Arc," will
be shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in
Cubberley Auditorium on the sum
mer quarter Intermezzo series.
Students and faculty will be ad
mitted without charge to the show
ing, which is sponsored jointly by
the University Library and Memo
rial Church.
A silent French motion picture,
"The Passion of Joan of Arc," will
be shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in
Cubberley Auditorium on the sum
mer quarter Intermezzo series.
Students and faculty will be ad
mitted without charge to the show
ing, which is sponsored jointly by
the University Library and Memo
rial Church.
A silent French motion picture,
"The Passion of Joan of Arc," will
be shown at 4 p.m. Thursday in
Cubberley Auditorium on the sum
mer quarter Intermezzo series.
Students and faculty will be ad
mitted without charge to the show
ing, which is sponsored jointly by
the University Library and Memo
rial Church.
