# VETS' BOOK DEADLINE
## 
### 
Friday, July 30, is the last day
this quarter in which veterans
may purchase books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Friday, July 30, is the last day
this quarter in which veterans
may purchase books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Friday, July 30, is the last day
this quarter in which veterans
may purchase books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Friday, July 30, is the last day
this quarter in which veterans
may purchase books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Friday, July 30, is the last day
this quarter in which veterans
may purchase books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Friday, July 30, is the last day
this quarter in which veterans
may purchase books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Friday, July 30, is the last day
this quarter in which veterans
may purchase books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Friday, July 30, is the last day
this quarter in which veterans
may purchase books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Friday, July 30, is the last day
this quarter in which veterans
may purchase books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Friday, July 30, is the last day
this quarter in which veterans
may purchase books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Friday, July 30, is the last day
this quarter in which veterans
may purchase books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Friday, July 30, is the last day
this quarter in which veterans
may purchase books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Friday, July 30, is the last day
this quarter in which veterans
may purchase books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
Friday, July 30, is the last day
this quarter in which veterans
may purchase books and supplies
chargeable to the Veterans Ad
ministration.
