# RED BID REJECTED
## 
### 
PARIS. July 2G (UP)—The French
government, pleased by Washington
holding back comment on the latest
Soviet note, indicated today it stood
solidly with the United States and
Britain in rejecting the latest Red
bid io split the Atlantic alliance,
which proposed a European security
conference.
PARIS. July 2G (UP)—The French
government, pleased by Washington
holding back comment on the latest
Soviet note, indicated today it stood
solidly with the United States and
Britain in rejecting the latest Red
bid io split the Atlantic alliance,
which proposed a European security
conference.
PARIS. July 2G (UP)—The French
government, pleased by Washington
holding back comment on the latest
Soviet note, indicated today it stood
solidly with the United States and
Britain in rejecting the latest Red
bid io split the Atlantic alliance,
which proposed a European security
conference.
PARIS. July 2G (UP)—The French
government, pleased by Washington
holding back comment on the latest
Soviet note, indicated today it stood
solidly with the United States and
Britain in rejecting the latest Red
bid io split the Atlantic alliance,
which proposed a European security
conference.
PARIS. July 2G (UP)—The French
government, pleased by Washington
holding back comment on the latest
Soviet note, indicated today it stood
solidly with the United States and
Britain in rejecting the latest Red
bid io split the Atlantic alliance,
which proposed a European security
conference.
PARIS. July 2G (UP)—The French
government, pleased by Washington
holding back comment on the latest
Soviet note, indicated today it stood
solidly with the United States and
Britain in rejecting the latest Red
bid io split the Atlantic alliance,
which proposed a European security
conference.
PARIS. July 2G (UP)—The French
government, pleased by Washington
holding back comment on the latest
Soviet note, indicated today it stood
solidly with the United States and
Britain in rejecting the latest Red
bid io split the Atlantic alliance,
which proposed a European security
conference.
PARIS. July 2G (UP)—The French
government, pleased by Washington
holding back comment on the latest
Soviet note, indicated today it stood
solidly with the United States and
Britain in rejecting the latest Red
bid io split the Atlantic alliance,
which proposed a European security
conference.
PARIS. July 2G (UP)—The French
government, pleased by Washington
holding back comment on the latest
Soviet note, indicated today it stood
solidly with the United States and
Britain in rejecting the latest Red
bid io split the Atlantic alliance,
which proposed a European security
conference.
PARIS. July 2G (UP)—The French
government, pleased by Washington
holding back comment on the latest
Soviet note, indicated today it stood
solidly with the United States and
Britain in rejecting the latest Red
bid io split the Atlantic alliance,
which proposed a European security
conference.
PARIS. July 2G (UP)—The French
government, pleased by Washington
holding back comment on the latest
Soviet note, indicated today it stood
solidly with the United States and
Britain in rejecting the latest Red
bid io split the Atlantic alliance,
which proposed a European security
conference.
PARIS. July 2G (UP)—The French
government, pleased by Washington
holding back comment on the latest
Soviet note, indicated today it stood
solidly with the United States and
Britain in rejecting the latest Red
bid io split the Atlantic alliance,
which proposed a European security
conference.
PARIS. July 2G (UP)—The French
government, pleased by Washington
holding back comment on the latest
Soviet note, indicated today it stood
solidly with the United States and
Britain in rejecting the latest Red
bid io split the Atlantic alliance,
which proposed a European security
conference.
PARIS. July 2G (UP)—The French
government, pleased by Washington
holding back comment on the latest
Soviet note, indicated today it stood
solidly with the United States and
Britain in rejecting the latest Red
bid io split the Atlantic alliance,
which proposed a European security
conference.
