# FRENCH NATIONALISM TOPIC DISCUSSED BY PROFESSOR MICHAUD
## 
### 
Stanford University received consid
erable mention in the book "I)e Cali
fornia a Harvard," which has just been
received by the library. Dr. Enrique
Molina, the Chilean educator and author
of the book, has visited universities in
both Europe and America, gathering in
formation from those countries which
might be used in institutions of his own
founding.
An entire chapter is given to describ
ing Stanford, which is compared to the
universities at Florence and Nuremberg
in Europe. "Although it has not the his
torical background," he writes, "its
buildings have the architectural beauty
of those universities." Dr. Molina was
very favorably impressed with the ex
traordinary educational advantages of
fered here and considered the law a..d
medical courses as especially good.
In describing the campus he mentioned
the museum, the dormitories, and Me
morial Church, giving a detailed descrip
tion of the buildings on the quad. In
speaking of the readiness of American
universities in extending aid to those
securing data regarding their activities,
he said, "In no place have I been able
to note this characteristic with happier
accentuation than at Leland Stanford."
Stanford University received consid
erable mention in the book "I)e Cali
fornia a Harvard," which has just been
received by the library. Dr. Enrique
Molina, the Chilean educator and author
of the book, has visited universities in
both Europe and America, gathering in
formation from those countries which
might be used in institutions of his own
founding.
An entire chapter is given to describ
ing Stanford, which is compared to the
universities at Florence and Nuremberg
in Europe. "Although it has not the his
torical background," he writes, "its
buildings have the architectural beauty
of those universities." Dr. Molina was
very favorably impressed with the ex
traordinary educational advantages of
fered here and considered the law a..d
medical courses as especially good.
In describing the campus he mentioned
the museum, the dormitories, and Me
morial Church, giving a detailed descrip
tion of the buildings on the quad. In
speaking of the readiness of American
universities in extending aid to those
securing data regarding their activities,
he said, "In no place have I been able
to note this characteristic with happier
accentuation than at Leland Stanford."
Stanford University received consid
erable mention in the book "I)e Cali
fornia a Harvard," which has just been
received by the library. Dr. Enrique
Molina, the Chilean educator and author
of the book, has visited universities in
both Europe and America, gathering in
formation from those countries which
might be used in institutions of his own
founding.
An entire chapter is given to describ
ing Stanford, which is compared to the
universities at Florence and Nuremberg
in Europe. "Although it has not the his
torical background," he writes, "its
buildings have the architectural beauty
of those universities." Dr. Molina was
very favorably impressed with the ex
traordinary educational advantages of
fered here and considered the law a..d
medical courses as especially good.
In describing the campus he mentioned
the museum, the dormitories, and Me
morial Church, giving a detailed descrip
tion of the buildings on the quad. In
speaking of the readiness of American
universities in extending aid to those
securing data regarding their activities,
he said, "In no place have I been able
to note this characteristic with happier
accentuation than at Leland Stanford."
Stanford University received consid
erable mention in the book "I)e Cali
fornia a Harvard," which has just been
received by the library. Dr. Enrique
Molina, the Chilean educator and author
of the book, has visited universities in
both Europe and America, gathering in
formation from those countries which
might be used in institutions of his own
founding.
An entire chapter is given to describ
ing Stanford, which is compared to the
universities at Florence and Nuremberg
in Europe. "Although it has not the his
torical background," he writes, "its
buildings have the architectural beauty
of those universities." Dr. Molina was
very favorably impressed with the ex
traordinary educational advantages of
fered here and considered the law a..d
medical courses as especially good.
In describing the campus he mentioned
the museum, the dormitories, and Me
morial Church, giving a detailed descrip
tion of the buildings on the quad. In
speaking of the readiness of American
universities in extending aid to those
securing data regarding their activities,
he said, "In no place have I been able
to note this characteristic with happier
accentuation than at Leland Stanford."
Stanford University received consid
erable mention in the book "I)e Cali
fornia a Harvard," which has just been
received by the library. Dr. Enrique
Molina, the Chilean educator and author
of the book, has visited universities in
both Europe and America, gathering in
formation from those countries which
might be used in institutions of his own
founding.
An entire chapter is given to describ
ing Stanford, which is compared to the
universities at Florence and Nuremberg
in Europe. "Although it has not the his
torical background," he writes, "its
buildings have the architectural beauty
of those universities." Dr. Molina was
very favorably impressed with the ex
traordinary educational advantages of
fered here and considered the law a..d
medical courses as especially good.
In describing the campus he mentioned
the museum, the dormitories, and Me
morial Church, giving a detailed descrip
tion of the buildings on the quad. In
speaking of the readiness of American
universities in extending aid to those
securing data regarding their activities,
he said, "In no place have I been able
to note this characteristic with happier
accentuation than at Leland Stanford."
Stanford University received consid
erable mention in the book "I)e Cali
fornia a Harvard," which has just been
received by the library. Dr. Enrique
Molina, the Chilean educator and author
of the book, has visited universities in
both Europe and America, gathering in
formation from those countries which
might be used in institutions of his own
founding.
An entire chapter is given to describ
ing Stanford, which is compared to the
universities at Florence and Nuremberg
in Europe. "Although it has not the his
torical background," he writes, "its
buildings have the architectural beauty
of those universities." Dr. Molina was
very favorably impressed with the ex
traordinary educational advantages of
fered here and considered the law a..d
medical courses as especially good.
In describing the campus he mentioned
the museum, the dormitories, and Me
morial Church, giving a detailed descrip
tion of the buildings on the quad. In
speaking of the readiness of American
universities in extending aid to those
securing data regarding their activities,
he said, "In no place have I been able
to note this characteristic with happier
accentuation than at Leland Stanford."
Stanford University received consid
erable mention in the book "I)e Cali
fornia a Harvard," which has just been
received by the library. Dr. Enrique
Molina, the Chilean educator and author
of the book, has visited universities in
both Europe and America, gathering in
formation from those countries which
might be used in institutions of his own
founding.
An entire chapter is given to describ
ing Stanford, which is compared to the
universities at Florence and Nuremberg
in Europe. "Although it has not the his
torical background," he writes, "its
buildings have the architectural beauty
of those universities." Dr. Molina was
very favorably impressed with the ex
traordinary educational advantages of
fered here and considered the law a..d
medical courses as especially good.
In describing the campus he mentioned
the museum, the dormitories, and Me
morial Church, giving a detailed descrip
tion of the buildings on the quad. In
speaking of the readiness of American
universities in extending aid to those
securing data regarding their activities,
he said, "In no place have I been able
to note this characteristic with happier
accentuation than at Leland Stanford."
Stanford University received consid
erable mention in the book "I)e Cali
fornia a Harvard," which has just been
received by the library. Dr. Enrique
Molina, the Chilean educator and author
of the book, has visited universities in
both Europe and America, gathering in
formation from those countries which
might be used in institutions of his own
founding.
An entire chapter is given to describ
ing Stanford, which is compared to the
universities at Florence and Nuremberg
in Europe. "Although it has not the his
torical background," he writes, "its
buildings have the architectural beauty
of those universities." Dr. Molina was
very favorably impressed with the ex
traordinary educational advantages of
fered here and considered the law a..d
medical courses as especially good.
In describing the campus he mentioned
the museum, the dormitories, and Me
morial Church, giving a detailed descrip
tion of the buildings on the quad. In
speaking of the readiness of American
universities in extending aid to those
securing data regarding their activities,
he said, "In no place have I been able
to note this characteristic with happier
accentuation than at Leland Stanford."
Stanford University received consid
erable mention in the book "I)e Cali
fornia a Harvard," which has just been
received by the library. Dr. Enrique
Molina, the Chilean educator and author
of the book, has visited universities in
both Europe and America, gathering in
formation from those countries which
might be used in institutions of his own
founding.
An entire chapter is given to describ
ing Stanford, which is compared to the
universities at Florence and Nuremberg
in Europe. "Although it has not the his
torical background," he writes, "its
buildings have the architectural beauty
of those universities." Dr. Molina was
very favorably impressed with the ex
traordinary educational advantages of
fered here and considered the law a..d
medical courses as especially good.
In describing the campus he mentioned
the museum, the dormitories, and Me
morial Church, giving a detailed descrip
tion of the buildings on the quad. In
speaking of the readiness of American
universities in extending aid to those
securing data regarding their activities,
he said, "In no place have I been able
to note this characteristic with happier
accentuation than at Leland Stanford."
Stanford University received consid
erable mention in the book "I)e Cali
fornia a Harvard," which has just been
received by the library. Dr. Enrique
Molina, the Chilean educator and author
of the book, has visited universities in
both Europe and America, gathering in
formation from those countries which
might be used in institutions of his own
founding.
An entire chapter is given to describ
ing Stanford, which is compared to the
universities at Florence and Nuremberg
in Europe. "Although it has not the his
torical background," he writes, "its
buildings have the architectural beauty
of those universities." Dr. Molina was
very favorably impressed with the ex
traordinary educational advantages of
fered here and considered the law a..d
medical courses as especially good.
In describing the campus he mentioned
the museum, the dormitories, and Me
morial Church, giving a detailed descrip
tion of the buildings on the quad. In
speaking of the readiness of American
universities in extending aid to those
securing data regarding their activities,
he said, "In no place have I been able
to note this characteristic with happier
accentuation than at Leland Stanford."
Stanford University received consid
erable mention in the book "I)e Cali
fornia a Harvard," which has just been
received by the library. Dr. Enrique
Molina, the Chilean educator and author
of the book, has visited universities in
both Europe and America, gathering in
formation from those countries which
might be used in institutions of his own
founding.
An entire chapter is given to describ
ing Stanford, which is compared to the
universities at Florence and Nuremberg
in Europe. "Although it has not the his
torical background," he writes, "its
buildings have the architectural beauty
of those universities." Dr. Molina was
very favorably impressed with the ex
traordinary educational advantages of
fered here and considered the law a..d
medical courses as especially good.
In describing the campus he mentioned
the museum, the dormitories, and Me
morial Church, giving a detailed descrip
tion of the buildings on the quad. In
speaking of the readiness of American
universities in extending aid to those
securing data regarding their activities,
he said, "In no place have I been able
to note this characteristic with happier
accentuation than at Leland Stanford."
Stanford University received consid
erable mention in the book "I)e Cali
fornia a Harvard," which has just been
received by the library. Dr. Enrique
Molina, the Chilean educator and author
of the book, has visited universities in
both Europe and America, gathering in
formation from those countries which
might be used in institutions of his own
founding.
An entire chapter is given to describ
ing Stanford, which is compared to the
universities at Florence and Nuremberg
in Europe. "Although it has not the his
torical background," he writes, "its
buildings have the architectural beauty
of those universities." Dr. Molina was
very favorably impressed with the ex
traordinary educational advantages of
fered here and considered the law a..d
medical courses as especially good.
In describing the campus he mentioned
the museum, the dormitories, and Me
morial Church, giving a detailed descrip
tion of the buildings on the quad. In
speaking of the readiness of American
universities in extending aid to those
securing data regarding their activities,
he said, "In no place have I been able
to note this characteristic with happier
accentuation than at Leland Stanford."
Stanford University received consid
erable mention in the book "I)e Cali
fornia a Harvard," which has just been
received by the library. Dr. Enrique
Molina, the Chilean educator and author
of the book, has visited universities in
both Europe and America, gathering in
formation from those countries which
might be used in institutions of his own
founding.
An entire chapter is given to describ
ing Stanford, which is compared to the
universities at Florence and Nuremberg
in Europe. "Although it has not the his
torical background," he writes, "its
buildings have the architectural beauty
of those universities." Dr. Molina was
very favorably impressed with the ex
traordinary educational advantages of
fered here and considered the law a..d
medical courses as especially good.
In describing the campus he mentioned
the museum, the dormitories, and Me
morial Church, giving a detailed descrip
tion of the buildings on the quad. In
speaking of the readiness of American
universities in extending aid to those
securing data regarding their activities,
he said, "In no place have I been able
to note this characteristic with happier
accentuation than at Leland Stanford."
Stanford University received consid
erable mention in the book "I)e Cali
fornia a Harvard," which has just been
received by the library. Dr. Enrique
Molina, the Chilean educator and author
of the book, has visited universities in
both Europe and America, gathering in
formation from those countries which
might be used in institutions of his own
founding.
An entire chapter is given to describ
ing Stanford, which is compared to the
universities at Florence and Nuremberg
in Europe. "Although it has not the his
torical background," he writes, "its
buildings have the architectural beauty
of those universities." Dr. Molina was
very favorably impressed with the ex
traordinary educational advantages of
fered here and considered the law a..d
medical courses as especially good.
In describing the campus he mentioned
the museum, the dormitories, and Me
morial Church, giving a detailed descrip
tion of the buildings on the quad. In
speaking of the readiness of American
universities in extending aid to those
securing data regarding their activities,
he said, "In no place have I been able
to note this characteristic with happier
accentuation than at Leland Stanford."
