# GRAD MARRIED HERE
## 
### 
Marion Roseberry, '35, was mar
ried yesterday morning in the Me
morial Church, to Frederic Kiiy
Devin. They sailed at noon for
Japan, where they will live.
Marion Roseberry, '35, was mar
ried yesterday morning in the Me
morial Church, to Frederic Kiiy
Devin. They sailed at noon for
Japan, where they will live.
Marion Roseberry, '35, was mar
ried yesterday morning in the Me
morial Church, to Frederic Kiiy
Devin. They sailed at noon for
Japan, where they will live.
Marion Roseberry, '35, was mar
ried yesterday morning in the Me
morial Church, to Frederic Kiiy
Devin. They sailed at noon for
Japan, where they will live.
Marion Roseberry, '35, was mar
ried yesterday morning in the Me
morial Church, to Frederic Kiiy
Devin. They sailed at noon for
Japan, where they will live.
Marion Roseberry, '35, was mar
ried yesterday morning in the Me
morial Church, to Frederic Kiiy
Devin. They sailed at noon for
Japan, where they will live.
Marion Roseberry, '35, was mar
ried yesterday morning in the Me
morial Church, to Frederic Kiiy
Devin. They sailed at noon for
Japan, where they will live.
Marion Roseberry, '35, was mar
ried yesterday morning in the Me
morial Church, to Frederic Kiiy
Devin. They sailed at noon for
Japan, where they will live.
Marion Roseberry, '35, was mar
ried yesterday morning in the Me
morial Church, to Frederic Kiiy
Devin. They sailed at noon for
Japan, where they will live.
Marion Roseberry, '35, was mar
ried yesterday morning in the Me
morial Church, to Frederic Kiiy
Devin. They sailed at noon for
Japan, where they will live.
Marion Roseberry, '35, was mar
ried yesterday morning in the Me
morial Church, to Frederic Kiiy
Devin. They sailed at noon for
Japan, where they will live.
Marion Roseberry, '35, was mar
ried yesterday morning in the Me
morial Church, to Frederic Kiiy
Devin. They sailed at noon for
Japan, where they will live.
Marion Roseberry, '35, was mar
ried yesterday morning in the Me
morial Church, to Frederic Kiiy
Devin. They sailed at noon for
Japan, where they will live.
Marion Roseberry, '35, was mar
ried yesterday morning in the Me
morial Church, to Frederic Kiiy
Devin. They sailed at noon for
Japan, where they will live.
Marion Roseberry, '35, was mar
ried yesterday morning in the Me
morial Church, to Frederic Kiiy
Devin. They sailed at noon for
Japan, where they will live.
