# The 						SCRAPBOOK
## 
### Clipped by JAMES STONE 
Amoug Friday's radio attractions
you'll find John Held Jr.'s varsity
show, coming from the University
of Washington . . . G:00, KPO . . .
A little nearer home is the San
Francisco Symphony broadcast
(Wells' Fargo program) at 6:00 on
KSFO.
As far as bands go, you can pick
from Louis Armstrong, 5:00 on
KGO, Hal Kemp and Kay Thomp
son's bunch at 7:30, KSFO, and the
usual crew which comes on later . . .
Janet Gaynor and Frederick March
appear on Hollywood Hotel — 5:00
KSFO.
And for Saturday you have Grace
Moore, singing with Vincent. Lopez
on KSFO at 5:00'. . . A little later
(fi:4s) on the same station Richard
Bonelli will sing on the Universal
Rhythm program . . . He is fol
lowed directly, 7:15, again KSFO,
by Bunny Berigan and his hot trum
pet.
Sports fans will have a chance to
hear something of the Dfivis Cup
matches with Japan at 1:30 on KSFO
when the members of the team
broadcast from the locker room be
fore the matches.
The Magic Key program (10:00,
KGO) starts Sunday's schedule . . .
They officially open National Music
Week, and bring Rosa Ponselle to
the mike ... In the "Everybody's
Music" series, KSFO at 11:00, Am
paro Iturbi, sister of the pianist
conductor Jose Iturbi, makes her
debut.
Your automobile hours bring Law
rence Tibbett and Helen Jcpson for
General Motors (4:00, KGO); and
batting for Ford will be the Green
field Village Mixed Choru, . . .
More of the better music will be
voiced by Gladys Swarthout at (>:00
on KPO, and earlier by Marion Tal
ley on KPO at 1:00.
The only new program on the air
will be Kay Kyser's Caravan at G:00
on KFRC . . . Bcnney and the like
carry on as usual.
Amoug Friday's radio attractions
you'll find John Held Jr.'s varsity
show, coming from the University
of Washington . . . G:00, KPO . . .
A little nearer home is the San
Francisco Symphony broadcast
(Wells' Fargo program) at 6:00 on
KSFO.
As far as bands go, you can pick
from Louis Armstrong, 5:00 on
KGO, Hal Kemp and Kay Thomp
son's bunch at 7:30, KSFO, and the
usual crew which comes on later . . .
Janet Gaynor and Frederick March
appear on Hollywood Hotel — 5:00
KSFO.
And for Saturday you have Grace
Moore, singing with Vincent. Lopez
on KSFO at 5:00'. . . A little later
(fi:4s) on the same station Richard
Bonelli will sing on the Universal
Rhythm program . . . He is fol
lowed directly, 7:15, again KSFO,
by Bunny Berigan and his hot trum
pet.
Sports fans will have a chance to
hear something of the Dfivis Cup
matches with Japan at 1:30 on KSFO
when the members of the team
broadcast from the locker room be
fore the matches.
The Magic Key program (10:00,
KGO) starts Sunday's schedule . . .
They officially open National Music
Week, and bring Rosa Ponselle to
the mike ... In the "Everybody's
Music" series, KSFO at 11:00, Am
paro Iturbi, sister of the pianist
conductor Jose Iturbi, makes her
debut.
Your automobile hours bring Law
rence Tibbett and Helen Jcpson for
General Motors (4:00, KGO); and
batting for Ford will be the Green
field Village Mixed Choru, . . .
More of the better music will be
voiced by Gladys Swarthout at (>:00
on KPO, and earlier by Marion Tal
ley on KPO at 1:00.
The only new program on the air
will be Kay Kyser's Caravan at G:00
on KFRC . . . Bcnney and the like
carry on as usual.
Amoug Friday's radio attractions
you'll find John Held Jr.'s varsity
show, coming from the University
of Washington . . . G:00, KPO . . .
A little nearer home is the San
Francisco Symphony broadcast
(Wells' Fargo program) at 6:00 on
KSFO.
As far as bands go, you can pick
from Louis Armstrong, 5:00 on
KGO, Hal Kemp and Kay Thomp
son's bunch at 7:30, KSFO, and the
usual crew which comes on later . . .
Janet Gaynor and Frederick March
appear on Hollywood Hotel — 5:00
KSFO.
And for Saturday you have Grace
Moore, singing with Vincent. Lopez
on KSFO at 5:00'. . . A little later
(fi:4s) on the same station Richard
Bonelli will sing on the Universal
Rhythm program . . . He is fol
lowed directly, 7:15, again KSFO,
by Bunny Berigan and his hot trum
pet.
Sports fans will have a chance to
hear something of the Dfivis Cup
matches with Japan at 1:30 on KSFO
when the members of the team
broadcast from the locker room be
fore the matches.
The Magic Key program (10:00,
KGO) starts Sunday's schedule . . .
They officially open National Music
Week, and bring Rosa Ponselle to
the mike ... In the "Everybody's
Music" series, KSFO at 11:00, Am
paro Iturbi, sister of the pianist
conductor Jose Iturbi, makes her
debut.
Your automobile hours bring Law
rence Tibbett and Helen Jcpson for
General Motors (4:00, KGO); and
batting for Ford will be the Green
field Village Mixed Choru, . . .
More of the better music will be
voiced by Gladys Swarthout at (>:00
on KPO, and earlier by Marion Tal
ley on KPO at 1:00.
The only new program on the air
will be Kay Kyser's Caravan at G:00
on KFRC . . . Bcnney and the like
carry on as usual.
Amoug Friday's radio attractions
you'll find John Held Jr.'s varsity
show, coming from the University
of Washington . . . G:00, KPO . . .
A little nearer home is the San
Francisco Symphony broadcast
(Wells' Fargo program) at 6:00 on
KSFO.
As far as bands go, you can pick
from Louis Armstrong, 5:00 on
KGO, Hal Kemp and Kay Thomp
son's bunch at 7:30, KSFO, and the
usual crew which comes on later . . .
Janet Gaynor and Frederick March
appear on Hollywood Hotel — 5:00
KSFO.
And for Saturday you have Grace
Moore, singing with Vincent. Lopez
on KSFO at 5:00'. . . A little later
(fi:4s) on the same station Richard
Bonelli will sing on the Universal
Rhythm program . . . He is fol
lowed directly, 7:15, again KSFO,
by Bunny Berigan and his hot trum
pet.
Sports fans will have a chance to
hear something of the Dfivis Cup
matches with Japan at 1:30 on KSFO
when the members of the team
broadcast from the locker room be
fore the matches.
The Magic Key program (10:00,
KGO) starts Sunday's schedule . . .
They officially open National Music
Week, and bring Rosa Ponselle to
the mike ... In the "Everybody's
Music" series, KSFO at 11:00, Am
paro Iturbi, sister of the pianist
conductor Jose Iturbi, makes her
debut.
Your automobile hours bring Law
rence Tibbett and Helen Jcpson for
General Motors (4:00, KGO); and
batting for Ford will be the Green
field Village Mixed Choru, . . .
More of the better music will be
voiced by Gladys Swarthout at (>:00
on KPO, and earlier by Marion Tal
ley on KPO at 1:00.
The only new program on the air
will be Kay Kyser's Caravan at G:00
on KFRC . . . Bcnney and the like
carry on as usual.
Amoug Friday's radio attractions
you'll find John Held Jr.'s varsity
show, coming from the University
of Washington . . . G:00, KPO . . .
A little nearer home is the San
Francisco Symphony broadcast
(Wells' Fargo program) at 6:00 on
KSFO.
As far as bands go, you can pick
from Louis Armstrong, 5:00 on
KGO, Hal Kemp and Kay Thomp
son's bunch at 7:30, KSFO, and the
usual crew which comes on later . . .
Janet Gaynor and Frederick March
appear on Hollywood Hotel — 5:00
KSFO.
And for Saturday you have Grace
Moore, singing with Vincent. Lopez
on KSFO at 5:00'. . . A little later
(fi:4s) on the same station Richard
Bonelli will sing on the Universal
Rhythm program . . . He is fol
lowed directly, 7:15, again KSFO,
by Bunny Berigan and his hot trum
pet.
Sports fans will have a chance to
hear something of the Dfivis Cup
matches with Japan at 1:30 on KSFO
when the members of the team
broadcast from the locker room be
fore the matches.
The Magic Key program (10:00,
KGO) starts Sunday's schedule . . .
They officially open National Music
Week, and bring Rosa Ponselle to
the mike ... In the "Everybody's
Music" series, KSFO at 11:00, Am
paro Iturbi, sister of the pianist
conductor Jose Iturbi, makes her
debut.
Your automobile hours bring Law
rence Tibbett and Helen Jcpson for
General Motors (4:00, KGO); and
batting for Ford will be the Green
field Village Mixed Choru, . . .
More of the better music will be
voiced by Gladys Swarthout at (>:00
on KPO, and earlier by Marion Tal
ley on KPO at 1:00.
The only new program on the air
will be Kay Kyser's Caravan at G:00
on KFRC . . . Bcnney and the like
carry on as usual.
Amoug Friday's radio attractions
you'll find John Held Jr.'s varsity
show, coming from the University
of Washington . . . G:00, KPO . . .
A little nearer home is the San
Francisco Symphony broadcast
(Wells' Fargo program) at 6:00 on
KSFO.
As far as bands go, you can pick
from Louis Armstrong, 5:00 on
KGO, Hal Kemp and Kay Thomp
son's bunch at 7:30, KSFO, and the
usual crew which comes on later . . .
Janet Gaynor and Frederick March
appear on Hollywood Hotel — 5:00
KSFO.
And for Saturday you have Grace
Moore, singing with Vincent. Lopez
on KSFO at 5:00'. . . A little later
(fi:4s) on the same station Richard
Bonelli will sing on the Universal
Rhythm program . . . He is fol
lowed directly, 7:15, again KSFO,
by Bunny Berigan and his hot trum
pet.
Sports fans will have a chance to
hear something of the Dfivis Cup
matches with Japan at 1:30 on KSFO
when the members of the team
broadcast from the locker room be
fore the matches.
The Magic Key program (10:00,
KGO) starts Sunday's schedule . . .
They officially open National Music
Week, and bring Rosa Ponselle to
the mike ... In the "Everybody's
Music" series, KSFO at 11:00, Am
paro Iturbi, sister of the pianist
conductor Jose Iturbi, makes her
debut.
Your automobile hours bring Law
rence Tibbett and Helen Jcpson for
General Motors (4:00, KGO); and
batting for Ford will be the Green
field Village Mixed Choru, . . .
More of the better music will be
voiced by Gladys Swarthout at (>:00
on KPO, and earlier by Marion Tal
ley on KPO at 1:00.
The only new program on the air
will be Kay Kyser's Caravan at G:00
on KFRC . . . Bcnney and the like
carry on as usual.
Amoug Friday's radio attractions
you'll find John Held Jr.'s varsity
show, coming from the University
of Washington . . . G:00, KPO . . .
A little nearer home is the San
Francisco Symphony broadcast
(Wells' Fargo program) at 6:00 on
KSFO.
As far as bands go, you can pick
from Louis Armstrong, 5:00 on
KGO, Hal Kemp and Kay Thomp
son's bunch at 7:30, KSFO, and the
usual crew which comes on later . . .
Janet Gaynor and Frederick March
appear on Hollywood Hotel — 5:00
KSFO.
And for Saturday you have Grace
Moore, singing with Vincent. Lopez
on KSFO at 5:00'. . . A little later
(fi:4s) on the same station Richard
Bonelli will sing on the Universal
Rhythm program . . . He is fol
lowed directly, 7:15, again KSFO,
by Bunny Berigan and his hot trum
pet.
Sports fans will have a chance to
hear something of the Dfivis Cup
matches with Japan at 1:30 on KSFO
when the members of the team
broadcast from the locker room be
fore the matches.
The Magic Key program (10:00,
KGO) starts Sunday's schedule . . .
They officially open National Music
Week, and bring Rosa Ponselle to
the mike ... In the "Everybody's
Music" series, KSFO at 11:00, Am
paro Iturbi, sister of the pianist
conductor Jose Iturbi, makes her
debut.
Your automobile hours bring Law
rence Tibbett and Helen Jcpson for
General Motors (4:00, KGO); and
batting for Ford will be the Green
field Village Mixed Choru, . . .
More of the better music will be
voiced by Gladys Swarthout at (>:00
on KPO, and earlier by Marion Tal
ley on KPO at 1:00.
The only new program on the air
will be Kay Kyser's Caravan at G:00
on KFRC . . . Bcnney and the like
carry on as usual.
Amoug Friday's radio attractions
you'll find John Held Jr.'s varsity
show, coming from the University
of Washington . . . G:00, KPO . . .
A little nearer home is the San
Francisco Symphony broadcast
(Wells' Fargo program) at 6:00 on
KSFO.
As far as bands go, you can pick
from Louis Armstrong, 5:00 on
KGO, Hal Kemp and Kay Thomp
son's bunch at 7:30, KSFO, and the
usual crew which comes on later . . .
Janet Gaynor and Frederick March
appear on Hollywood Hotel — 5:00
KSFO.
And for Saturday you have Grace
Moore, singing with Vincent. Lopez
on KSFO at 5:00'. . . A little later
(fi:4s) on the same station Richard
Bonelli will sing on the Universal
Rhythm program . . . He is fol
lowed directly, 7:15, again KSFO,
by Bunny Berigan and his hot trum
pet.
Sports fans will have a chance to
hear something of the Dfivis Cup
matches with Japan at 1:30 on KSFO
when the members of the team
broadcast from the locker room be
fore the matches.
The Magic Key program (10:00,
KGO) starts Sunday's schedule . . .
They officially open National Music
Week, and bring Rosa Ponselle to
the mike ... In the "Everybody's
Music" series, KSFO at 11:00, Am
paro Iturbi, sister of the pianist
conductor Jose Iturbi, makes her
debut.
Your automobile hours bring Law
rence Tibbett and Helen Jcpson for
General Motors (4:00, KGO); and
batting for Ford will be the Green
field Village Mixed Choru, . . .
More of the better music will be
voiced by Gladys Swarthout at (>:00
on KPO, and earlier by Marion Tal
ley on KPO at 1:00.
The only new program on the air
will be Kay Kyser's Caravan at G:00
on KFRC . . . Bcnney and the like
carry on as usual.
Amoug Friday's radio attractions
you'll find John Held Jr.'s varsity
show, coming from the University
of Washington . . . G:00, KPO . . .
A little nearer home is the San
Francisco Symphony broadcast
(Wells' Fargo program) at 6:00 on
KSFO.
As far as bands go, you can pick
from Louis Armstrong, 5:00 on
KGO, Hal Kemp and Kay Thomp
son's bunch at 7:30, KSFO, and the
usual crew which comes on later . . .
Janet Gaynor and Frederick March
appear on Hollywood Hotel — 5:00
KSFO.
And for Saturday you have Grace
Moore, singing with Vincent. Lopez
on KSFO at 5:00'. . . A little later
(fi:4s) on the same station Richard
Bonelli will sing on the Universal
Rhythm program . . . He is fol
lowed directly, 7:15, again KSFO,
by Bunny Berigan and his hot trum
pet.
Sports fans will have a chance to
hear something of the Dfivis Cup
matches with Japan at 1:30 on KSFO
when the members of the team
broadcast from the locker room be
fore the matches.
The Magic Key program (10:00,
KGO) starts Sunday's schedule . . .
They officially open National Music
Week, and bring Rosa Ponselle to
the mike ... In the "Everybody's
Music" series, KSFO at 11:00, Am
paro Iturbi, sister of the pianist
conductor Jose Iturbi, makes her
debut.
Your automobile hours bring Law
rence Tibbett and Helen Jcpson for
General Motors (4:00, KGO); and
batting for Ford will be the Green
field Village Mixed Choru, . . .
More of the better music will be
voiced by Gladys Swarthout at (>:00
on KPO, and earlier by Marion Tal
ley on KPO at 1:00.
The only new program on the air
will be Kay Kyser's Caravan at G:00
on KFRC . . . Bcnney and the like
carry on as usual.
Amoug Friday's radio attractions
you'll find John Held Jr.'s varsity
show, coming from the University
of Washington . . . G:00, KPO . . .
A little nearer home is the San
Francisco Symphony broadcast
(Wells' Fargo program) at 6:00 on
KSFO.
As far as bands go, you can pick
from Louis Armstrong, 5:00 on
KGO, Hal Kemp and Kay Thomp
son's bunch at 7:30, KSFO, and the
usual crew which comes on later . . .
Janet Gaynor and Frederick March
appear on Hollywood Hotel — 5:00
KSFO.
And for Saturday you have Grace
Moore, singing with Vincent. Lopez
on KSFO at 5:00'. . . A little later
(fi:4s) on the same station Richard
Bonelli will sing on the Universal
Rhythm program . . . He is fol
lowed directly, 7:15, again KSFO,
by Bunny Berigan and his hot trum
pet.
Sports fans will have a chance to
hear something of the Dfivis Cup
matches with Japan at 1:30 on KSFO
when the members of the team
broadcast from the locker room be
fore the matches.
The Magic Key program (10:00,
KGO) starts Sunday's schedule . . .
They officially open National Music
Week, and bring Rosa Ponselle to
the mike ... In the "Everybody's
Music" series, KSFO at 11:00, Am
paro Iturbi, sister of the pianist
conductor Jose Iturbi, makes her
debut.
Your automobile hours bring Law
rence Tibbett and Helen Jcpson for
General Motors (4:00, KGO); and
batting for Ford will be the Green
field Village Mixed Choru, . . .
More of the better music will be
voiced by Gladys Swarthout at (>:00
on KPO, and earlier by Marion Tal
ley on KPO at 1:00.
The only new program on the air
will be Kay Kyser's Caravan at G:00
on KFRC . . . Bcnney and the like
carry on as usual.
Amoug Friday's radio attractions
you'll find John Held Jr.'s varsity
show, coming from the University
of Washington . . . G:00, KPO . . .
A little nearer home is the San
Francisco Symphony broadcast
(Wells' Fargo program) at 6:00 on
KSFO.
As far as bands go, you can pick
from Louis Armstrong, 5:00 on
KGO, Hal Kemp and Kay Thomp
son's bunch at 7:30, KSFO, and the
usual crew which comes on later . . .
Janet Gaynor and Frederick March
appear on Hollywood Hotel — 5:00
KSFO.
And for Saturday you have Grace
Moore, singing with Vincent. Lopez
on KSFO at 5:00'. . . A little later
(fi:4s) on the same station Richard
Bonelli will sing on the Universal
Rhythm program . . . He is fol
lowed directly, 7:15, again KSFO,
by Bunny Berigan and his hot trum
pet.
Sports fans will have a chance to
hear something of the Dfivis Cup
matches with Japan at 1:30 on KSFO
when the members of the team
broadcast from the locker room be
fore the matches.
The Magic Key program (10:00,
KGO) starts Sunday's schedule . . .
They officially open National Music
Week, and bring Rosa Ponselle to
the mike ... In the "Everybody's
Music" series, KSFO at 11:00, Am
paro Iturbi, sister of the pianist
conductor Jose Iturbi, makes her
debut.
Your automobile hours bring Law
rence Tibbett and Helen Jcpson for
General Motors (4:00, KGO); and
batting for Ford will be the Green
field Village Mixed Choru, . . .
More of the better music will be
voiced by Gladys Swarthout at (>:00
on KPO, and earlier by Marion Tal
ley on KPO at 1:00.
The only new program on the air
will be Kay Kyser's Caravan at G:00
on KFRC . . . Bcnney and the like
carry on as usual.
Amoug Friday's radio attractions
you'll find John Held Jr.'s varsity
show, coming from the University
of Washington . . . G:00, KPO . . .
A little nearer home is the San
Francisco Symphony broadcast
(Wells' Fargo program) at 6:00 on
KSFO.
As far as bands go, you can pick
from Louis Armstrong, 5:00 on
KGO, Hal Kemp and Kay Thomp
son's bunch at 7:30, KSFO, and the
usual crew which comes on later . . .
Janet Gaynor and Frederick March
appear on Hollywood Hotel — 5:00
KSFO.
And for Saturday you have Grace
Moore, singing with Vincent. Lopez
on KSFO at 5:00'. . . A little later
(fi:4s) on the same station Richard
Bonelli will sing on the Universal
Rhythm program . . . He is fol
lowed directly, 7:15, again KSFO,
by Bunny Berigan and his hot trum
pet.
Sports fans will have a chance to
hear something of the Dfivis Cup
matches with Japan at 1:30 on KSFO
when the members of the team
broadcast from the locker room be
fore the matches.
The Magic Key program (10:00,
KGO) starts Sunday's schedule . . .
They officially open National Music
Week, and bring Rosa Ponselle to
the mike ... In the "Everybody's
Music" series, KSFO at 11:00, Am
paro Iturbi, sister of the pianist
conductor Jose Iturbi, makes her
debut.
Your automobile hours bring Law
rence Tibbett and Helen Jcpson for
General Motors (4:00, KGO); and
batting for Ford will be the Green
field Village Mixed Choru, . . .
More of the better music will be
voiced by Gladys Swarthout at (>:00
on KPO, and earlier by Marion Tal
ley on KPO at 1:00.
The only new program on the air
will be Kay Kyser's Caravan at G:00
on KFRC . . . Bcnney and the like
carry on as usual.
Amoug Friday's radio attractions
you'll find John Held Jr.'s varsity
show, coming from the University
of Washington . . . G:00, KPO . . .
A little nearer home is the San
Francisco Symphony broadcast
(Wells' Fargo program) at 6:00 on
KSFO.
As far as bands go, you can pick
from Louis Armstrong, 5:00 on
KGO, Hal Kemp and Kay Thomp
son's bunch at 7:30, KSFO, and the
usual crew which comes on later . . .
Janet Gaynor and Frederick March
appear on Hollywood Hotel — 5:00
KSFO.
And for Saturday you have Grace
Moore, singing with Vincent. Lopez
on KSFO at 5:00'. . . A little later
(fi:4s) on the same station Richard
Bonelli will sing on the Universal
Rhythm program . . . He is fol
lowed directly, 7:15, again KSFO,
by Bunny Berigan and his hot trum
pet.
Sports fans will have a chance to
hear something of the Dfivis Cup
matches with Japan at 1:30 on KSFO
when the members of the team
broadcast from the locker room be
fore the matches.
The Magic Key program (10:00,
KGO) starts Sunday's schedule . . .
They officially open National Music
Week, and bring Rosa Ponselle to
the mike ... In the "Everybody's
Music" series, KSFO at 11:00, Am
paro Iturbi, sister of the pianist
conductor Jose Iturbi, makes her
debut.
Your automobile hours bring Law
rence Tibbett and Helen Jcpson for
General Motors (4:00, KGO); and
batting for Ford will be the Green
field Village Mixed Choru, . . .
More of the better music will be
voiced by Gladys Swarthout at (>:00
on KPO, and earlier by Marion Tal
ley on KPO at 1:00.
The only new program on the air
will be Kay Kyser's Caravan at G:00
on KFRC . . . Bcnney and the like
carry on as usual.
Amoug Friday's radio attractions
you'll find John Held Jr.'s varsity
show, coming from the University
of Washington . . . G:00, KPO . . .
A little nearer home is the San
Francisco Symphony broadcast
(Wells' Fargo program) at 6:00 on
KSFO.
As far as bands go, you can pick
from Louis Armstrong, 5:00 on
KGO, Hal Kemp and Kay Thomp
son's bunch at 7:30, KSFO, and the
usual crew which comes on later . . .
Janet Gaynor and Frederick March
appear on Hollywood Hotel — 5:00
KSFO.
And for Saturday you have Grace
Moore, singing with Vincent. Lopez
on KSFO at 5:00'. . . A little later
(fi:4s) on the same station Richard
Bonelli will sing on the Universal
Rhythm program . . . He is fol
lowed directly, 7:15, again KSFO,
by Bunny Berigan and his hot trum
pet.
Sports fans will have a chance to
hear something of the Dfivis Cup
matches with Japan at 1:30 on KSFO
when the members of the team
broadcast from the locker room be
fore the matches.
The Magic Key program (10:00,
KGO) starts Sunday's schedule . . .
They officially open National Music
Week, and bring Rosa Ponselle to
the mike ... In the "Everybody's
Music" series, KSFO at 11:00, Am
paro Iturbi, sister of the pianist
conductor Jose Iturbi, makes her
debut.
Your automobile hours bring Law
rence Tibbett and Helen Jcpson for
General Motors (4:00, KGO); and
batting for Ford will be the Green
field Village Mixed Choru, . . .
More of the better music will be
voiced by Gladys Swarthout at (>:00
on KPO, and earlier by Marion Tal
ley on KPO at 1:00.
The only new program on the air
will be Kay Kyser's Caravan at G:00
on KFRC . . . Bcnney and the like
carry on as usual.
Amoug Friday's radio attractions
you'll find John Held Jr.'s varsity
show, coming from the University
of Washington . . . G:00, KPO . . .
A little nearer home is the San
Francisco Symphony broadcast
(Wells' Fargo program) at 6:00 on
KSFO.
As far as bands go, you can pick
from Louis Armstrong, 5:00 on
KGO, Hal Kemp and Kay Thomp
son's bunch at 7:30, KSFO, and the
usual crew which comes on later . . .
Janet Gaynor and Frederick March
appear on Hollywood Hotel — 5:00
KSFO.
And for Saturday you have Grace
Moore, singing with Vincent. Lopez
on KSFO at 5:00'. . . A little later
(fi:4s) on the same station Richard
Bonelli will sing on the Universal
Rhythm program . . . He is fol
lowed directly, 7:15, again KSFO,
by Bunny Berigan and his hot trum
pet.
Sports fans will have a chance to
hear something of the Dfivis Cup
matches with Japan at 1:30 on KSFO
when the members of the team
broadcast from the locker room be
fore the matches.
The Magic Key program (10:00,
KGO) starts Sunday's schedule . . .
They officially open National Music
Week, and bring Rosa Ponselle to
the mike ... In the "Everybody's
Music" series, KSFO at 11:00, Am
paro Iturbi, sister of the pianist
conductor Jose Iturbi, makes her
debut.
Your automobile hours bring Law
rence Tibbett and Helen Jcpson for
General Motors (4:00, KGO); and
batting for Ford will be the Green
field Village Mixed Choru, . . .
More of the better music will be
voiced by Gladys Swarthout at (>:00
on KPO, and earlier by Marion Tal
ley on KPO at 1:00.
The only new program on the air
will be Kay Kyser's Caravan at G:00
on KFRC . . . Bcnney and the like
carry on as usual.
