# Stanford Four Will Take On U.S.C. Squad
## Polo Game To Be Played In South Tomorrow; Trojans Seek Revenge 
### 
Captain Grubbs' first string Card
polo team leaves this morning by
automobile for Los Angeles where
they will give the U.S.C. squad a
chance for revenge tomorrow in a
return match. The first of this two
game series, which was played here,
was taken by the Indians, 5-3.
The Trojarts, always a powerful
opponent in any sport, will have the
advantage the Cards held last time
of being mounted on familiar horses
and will be set to put up a battle that
will take the Indians' best to win.
Making the 1 rip for the Cards are
Captain Bob Fullerton, No. 4; Jim
Fullerton, No. 1; Rummy Rasmussen,
No. 2; Leon Derby, No. 3; and Wal
lace as alternate. Captain Grubbs,
Farm mentor, will accompany the
team.
Probable starting line-up for the
Trojans will be Wheeler (C), N<v 4;
Beal, No. 1; Stack, No. 2; and An
derson, No. 3.
Captain Grubbs' first string Card
polo team leaves this morning by
automobile for Los Angeles where
they will give the U.S.C. squad a
chance for revenge tomorrow in a
return match. The first of this two
game series, which was played here,
was taken by the Indians, 5-3.
The Trojarts, always a powerful
opponent in any sport, will have the
advantage the Cards held last time
of being mounted on familiar horses
and will be set to put up a battle that
will take the Indians' best to win.
Making the 1 rip for the Cards are
Captain Bob Fullerton, No. 4; Jim
Fullerton, No. 1; Rummy Rasmussen,
No. 2; Leon Derby, No. 3; and Wal
lace as alternate. Captain Grubbs,
Farm mentor, will accompany the
team.
Probable starting line-up for the
Trojans will be Wheeler (C), N<v 4;
Beal, No. 1; Stack, No. 2; and An
derson, No. 3.
Captain Grubbs' first string Card
polo team leaves this morning by
automobile for Los Angeles where
they will give the U.S.C. squad a
chance for revenge tomorrow in a
return match. The first of this two
game series, which was played here,
was taken by the Indians, 5-3.
The Trojarts, always a powerful
opponent in any sport, will have the
advantage the Cards held last time
of being mounted on familiar horses
and will be set to put up a battle that
will take the Indians' best to win.
Making the 1 rip for the Cards are
Captain Bob Fullerton, No. 4; Jim
Fullerton, No. 1; Rummy Rasmussen,
No. 2; Leon Derby, No. 3; and Wal
lace as alternate. Captain Grubbs,
Farm mentor, will accompany the
team.
Probable starting line-up for the
Trojans will be Wheeler (C), N<v 4;
Beal, No. 1; Stack, No. 2; and An
derson, No. 3.
Captain Grubbs' first string Card
polo team leaves this morning by
automobile for Los Angeles where
they will give the U.S.C. squad a
chance for revenge tomorrow in a
return match. The first of this two
game series, which was played here,
was taken by the Indians, 5-3.
The Trojarts, always a powerful
opponent in any sport, will have the
advantage the Cards held last time
of being mounted on familiar horses
and will be set to put up a battle that
will take the Indians' best to win.
Making the 1 rip for the Cards are
Captain Bob Fullerton, No. 4; Jim
Fullerton, No. 1; Rummy Rasmussen,
No. 2; Leon Derby, No. 3; and Wal
lace as alternate. Captain Grubbs,
Farm mentor, will accompany the
team.
Probable starting line-up for the
Trojans will be Wheeler (C), N<v 4;
Beal, No. 1; Stack, No. 2; and An
derson, No. 3.
Captain Grubbs' first string Card
polo team leaves this morning by
automobile for Los Angeles where
they will give the U.S.C. squad a
chance for revenge tomorrow in a
return match. The first of this two
game series, which was played here,
was taken by the Indians, 5-3.
The Trojarts, always a powerful
opponent in any sport, will have the
advantage the Cards held last time
of being mounted on familiar horses
and will be set to put up a battle that
will take the Indians' best to win.
Making the 1 rip for the Cards are
Captain Bob Fullerton, No. 4; Jim
Fullerton, No. 1; Rummy Rasmussen,
No. 2; Leon Derby, No. 3; and Wal
lace as alternate. Captain Grubbs,
Farm mentor, will accompany the
team.
Probable starting line-up for the
Trojans will be Wheeler (C), N<v 4;
Beal, No. 1; Stack, No. 2; and An
derson, No. 3.
Captain Grubbs' first string Card
polo team leaves this morning by
automobile for Los Angeles where
they will give the U.S.C. squad a
chance for revenge tomorrow in a
return match. The first of this two
game series, which was played here,
was taken by the Indians, 5-3.
The Trojarts, always a powerful
opponent in any sport, will have the
advantage the Cards held last time
of being mounted on familiar horses
and will be set to put up a battle that
will take the Indians' best to win.
Making the 1 rip for the Cards are
Captain Bob Fullerton, No. 4; Jim
Fullerton, No. 1; Rummy Rasmussen,
No. 2; Leon Derby, No. 3; and Wal
lace as alternate. Captain Grubbs,
Farm mentor, will accompany the
team.
Probable starting line-up for the
Trojans will be Wheeler (C), N<v 4;
Beal, No. 1; Stack, No. 2; and An
derson, No. 3.
Captain Grubbs' first string Card
polo team leaves this morning by
automobile for Los Angeles where
they will give the U.S.C. squad a
chance for revenge tomorrow in a
return match. The first of this two
game series, which was played here,
was taken by the Indians, 5-3.
The Trojarts, always a powerful
opponent in any sport, will have the
advantage the Cards held last time
of being mounted on familiar horses
and will be set to put up a battle that
will take the Indians' best to win.
Making the 1 rip for the Cards are
Captain Bob Fullerton, No. 4; Jim
Fullerton, No. 1; Rummy Rasmussen,
No. 2; Leon Derby, No. 3; and Wal
lace as alternate. Captain Grubbs,
Farm mentor, will accompany the
team.
Probable starting line-up for the
Trojans will be Wheeler (C), N<v 4;
Beal, No. 1; Stack, No. 2; and An
derson, No. 3.
Captain Grubbs' first string Card
polo team leaves this morning by
automobile for Los Angeles where
they will give the U.S.C. squad a
chance for revenge tomorrow in a
return match. The first of this two
game series, which was played here,
was taken by the Indians, 5-3.
The Trojarts, always a powerful
opponent in any sport, will have the
advantage the Cards held last time
of being mounted on familiar horses
and will be set to put up a battle that
will take the Indians' best to win.
Making the 1 rip for the Cards are
Captain Bob Fullerton, No. 4; Jim
Fullerton, No. 1; Rummy Rasmussen,
No. 2; Leon Derby, No. 3; and Wal
lace as alternate. Captain Grubbs,
Farm mentor, will accompany the
team.
Probable starting line-up for the
Trojans will be Wheeler (C), N<v 4;
Beal, No. 1; Stack, No. 2; and An
derson, No. 3.
Captain Grubbs' first string Card
polo team leaves this morning by
automobile for Los Angeles where
they will give the U.S.C. squad a
chance for revenge tomorrow in a
return match. The first of this two
game series, which was played here,
was taken by the Indians, 5-3.
The Trojarts, always a powerful
opponent in any sport, will have the
advantage the Cards held last time
of being mounted on familiar horses
and will be set to put up a battle that
will take the Indians' best to win.
Making the 1 rip for the Cards are
Captain Bob Fullerton, No. 4; Jim
Fullerton, No. 1; Rummy Rasmussen,
No. 2; Leon Derby, No. 3; and Wal
lace as alternate. Captain Grubbs,
Farm mentor, will accompany the
team.
Probable starting line-up for the
Trojans will be Wheeler (C), N<v 4;
Beal, No. 1; Stack, No. 2; and An
derson, No. 3.
Captain Grubbs' first string Card
polo team leaves this morning by
automobile for Los Angeles where
they will give the U.S.C. squad a
chance for revenge tomorrow in a
return match. The first of this two
game series, which was played here,
was taken by the Indians, 5-3.
The Trojarts, always a powerful
opponent in any sport, will have the
advantage the Cards held last time
of being mounted on familiar horses
and will be set to put up a battle that
will take the Indians' best to win.
Making the 1 rip for the Cards are
Captain Bob Fullerton, No. 4; Jim
Fullerton, No. 1; Rummy Rasmussen,
No. 2; Leon Derby, No. 3; and Wal
lace as alternate. Captain Grubbs,
Farm mentor, will accompany the
team.
Probable starting line-up for the
Trojans will be Wheeler (C), N<v 4;
Beal, No. 1; Stack, No. 2; and An
derson, No. 3.
Captain Grubbs' first string Card
polo team leaves this morning by
automobile for Los Angeles where
they will give the U.S.C. squad a
chance for revenge tomorrow in a
return match. The first of this two
game series, which was played here,
was taken by the Indians, 5-3.
The Trojarts, always a powerful
opponent in any sport, will have the
advantage the Cards held last time
of being mounted on familiar horses
and will be set to put up a battle that
will take the Indians' best to win.
Making the 1 rip for the Cards are
Captain Bob Fullerton, No. 4; Jim
Fullerton, No. 1; Rummy Rasmussen,
No. 2; Leon Derby, No. 3; and Wal
lace as alternate. Captain Grubbs,
Farm mentor, will accompany the
team.
Probable starting line-up for the
Trojans will be Wheeler (C), N<v 4;
Beal, No. 1; Stack, No. 2; and An
derson, No. 3.
Captain Grubbs' first string Card
polo team leaves this morning by
automobile for Los Angeles where
they will give the U.S.C. squad a
chance for revenge tomorrow in a
return match. The first of this two
game series, which was played here,
was taken by the Indians, 5-3.
The Trojarts, always a powerful
opponent in any sport, will have the
advantage the Cards held last time
of being mounted on familiar horses
and will be set to put up a battle that
will take the Indians' best to win.
Making the 1 rip for the Cards are
Captain Bob Fullerton, No. 4; Jim
Fullerton, No. 1; Rummy Rasmussen,
No. 2; Leon Derby, No. 3; and Wal
lace as alternate. Captain Grubbs,
Farm mentor, will accompany the
team.
Probable starting line-up for the
Trojans will be Wheeler (C), N<v 4;
Beal, No. 1; Stack, No. 2; and An
derson, No. 3.
Captain Grubbs' first string Card
polo team leaves this morning by
automobile for Los Angeles where
they will give the U.S.C. squad a
chance for revenge tomorrow in a
return match. The first of this two
game series, which was played here,
was taken by the Indians, 5-3.
The Trojarts, always a powerful
opponent in any sport, will have the
advantage the Cards held last time
of being mounted on familiar horses
and will be set to put up a battle that
will take the Indians' best to win.
Making the 1 rip for the Cards are
Captain Bob Fullerton, No. 4; Jim
Fullerton, No. 1; Rummy Rasmussen,
No. 2; Leon Derby, No. 3; and Wal
lace as alternate. Captain Grubbs,
Farm mentor, will accompany the
team.
Probable starting line-up for the
Trojans will be Wheeler (C), N<v 4;
Beal, No. 1; Stack, No. 2; and An
derson, No. 3.
Captain Grubbs' first string Card
polo team leaves this morning by
automobile for Los Angeles where
they will give the U.S.C. squad a
chance for revenge tomorrow in a
return match. The first of this two
game series, which was played here,
was taken by the Indians, 5-3.
The Trojarts, always a powerful
opponent in any sport, will have the
advantage the Cards held last time
of being mounted on familiar horses
and will be set to put up a battle that
will take the Indians' best to win.
Making the 1 rip for the Cards are
Captain Bob Fullerton, No. 4; Jim
Fullerton, No. 1; Rummy Rasmussen,
No. 2; Leon Derby, No. 3; and Wal
lace as alternate. Captain Grubbs,
Farm mentor, will accompany the
team.
Probable starting line-up for the
Trojans will be Wheeler (C), N<v 4;
Beal, No. 1; Stack, No. 2; and An
derson, No. 3.
Captain Grubbs' first string Card
polo team leaves this morning by
automobile for Los Angeles where
they will give the U.S.C. squad a
chance for revenge tomorrow in a
return match. The first of this two
game series, which was played here,
was taken by the Indians, 5-3.
The Trojarts, always a powerful
opponent in any sport, will have the
advantage the Cards held last time
of being mounted on familiar horses
and will be set to put up a battle that
will take the Indians' best to win.
Making the 1 rip for the Cards are
Captain Bob Fullerton, No. 4; Jim
Fullerton, No. 1; Rummy Rasmussen,
No. 2; Leon Derby, No. 3; and Wal
lace as alternate. Captain Grubbs,
Farm mentor, will accompany the
team.
Probable starting line-up for the
Trojans will be Wheeler (C), N<v 4;
Beal, No. 1; Stack, No. 2; and An
derson, No. 3.
