# Bradley To Discuss Hawaii Over Radio
## 
### 
The short but colorful history of
the Hawaiian Islands, in which they
have undergone a rapid change from
an isolated Polynesian archipelago
to the cosmopolitan racial melting
pot of the present day, will be dis
cussed by Dr. Harold Whitman
Bradley, assistant professor of his
tory, on the Stanford Radio Hour
Monday evening at 8:30 over station
KGO. '
"Since the early part of the 19th
century, foreigners—and principally
Americans —have played the leading
roles in the development of the
islands," Dr. Bradley says in intro
duction to his forthcoming talk on
"Early Americans in Hawaii."

If stranded on a desert island, co
eds at Howard College would pick a
handy man rather than a romantic
fellow, to stay with them.
The short but colorful history of
the Hawaiian Islands, in which they
have undergone a rapid change from
an isolated Polynesian archipelago
to the cosmopolitan racial melting
pot of the present day, will be dis
cussed by Dr. Harold Whitman
Bradley, assistant professor of his
tory, on the Stanford Radio Hour
Monday evening at 8:30 over station
KGO. '
"Since the early part of the 19th
century, foreigners—and principally
Americans —have played the leading
roles in the development of the
islands," Dr. Bradley says in intro
duction to his forthcoming talk on
"Early Americans in Hawaii."

If stranded on a desert island, co
eds at Howard College would pick a
handy man rather than a romantic
fellow, to stay with them.
The short but colorful history of
the Hawaiian Islands, in which they
have undergone a rapid change from
an isolated Polynesian archipelago
to the cosmopolitan racial melting
pot of the present day, will be dis
cussed by Dr. Harold Whitman
Bradley, assistant professor of his
tory, on the Stanford Radio Hour
Monday evening at 8:30 over station
KGO. '
"Since the early part of the 19th
century, foreigners—and principally
Americans —have played the leading
roles in the development of the
islands," Dr. Bradley says in intro
duction to his forthcoming talk on
"Early Americans in Hawaii."

If stranded on a desert island, co
eds at Howard College would pick a
handy man rather than a romantic
fellow, to stay with them.
The short but colorful history of
the Hawaiian Islands, in which they
have undergone a rapid change from
an isolated Polynesian archipelago
to the cosmopolitan racial melting
pot of the present day, will be dis
cussed by Dr. Harold Whitman
Bradley, assistant professor of his
tory, on the Stanford Radio Hour
Monday evening at 8:30 over station
KGO. '
"Since the early part of the 19th
century, foreigners—and principally
Americans —have played the leading
roles in the development of the
islands," Dr. Bradley says in intro
duction to his forthcoming talk on
"Early Americans in Hawaii."

If stranded on a desert island, co
eds at Howard College would pick a
handy man rather than a romantic
fellow, to stay with them.
The short but colorful history of
the Hawaiian Islands, in which they
have undergone a rapid change from
an isolated Polynesian archipelago
to the cosmopolitan racial melting
pot of the present day, will be dis
cussed by Dr. Harold Whitman
Bradley, assistant professor of his
tory, on the Stanford Radio Hour
Monday evening at 8:30 over station
KGO. '
"Since the early part of the 19th
century, foreigners—and principally
Americans —have played the leading
roles in the development of the
islands," Dr. Bradley says in intro
duction to his forthcoming talk on
"Early Americans in Hawaii."

If stranded on a desert island, co
eds at Howard College would pick a
handy man rather than a romantic
fellow, to stay with them.
The short but colorful history of
the Hawaiian Islands, in which they
have undergone a rapid change from
an isolated Polynesian archipelago
to the cosmopolitan racial melting
pot of the present day, will be dis
cussed by Dr. Harold Whitman
Bradley, assistant professor of his
tory, on the Stanford Radio Hour
Monday evening at 8:30 over station
KGO. '
"Since the early part of the 19th
century, foreigners—and principally
Americans —have played the leading
roles in the development of the
islands," Dr. Bradley says in intro
duction to his forthcoming talk on
"Early Americans in Hawaii."

If stranded on a desert island, co
eds at Howard College would pick a
handy man rather than a romantic
fellow, to stay with them.
The short but colorful history of
the Hawaiian Islands, in which they
have undergone a rapid change from
an isolated Polynesian archipelago
to the cosmopolitan racial melting
pot of the present day, will be dis
cussed by Dr. Harold Whitman
Bradley, assistant professor of his
tory, on the Stanford Radio Hour
Monday evening at 8:30 over station
KGO. '
"Since the early part of the 19th
century, foreigners—and principally
Americans —have played the leading
roles in the development of the
islands," Dr. Bradley says in intro
duction to his forthcoming talk on
"Early Americans in Hawaii."

If stranded on a desert island, co
eds at Howard College would pick a
handy man rather than a romantic
fellow, to stay with them.
The short but colorful history of
the Hawaiian Islands, in which they
have undergone a rapid change from
an isolated Polynesian archipelago
to the cosmopolitan racial melting
pot of the present day, will be dis
cussed by Dr. Harold Whitman
Bradley, assistant professor of his
tory, on the Stanford Radio Hour
Monday evening at 8:30 over station
KGO. '
"Since the early part of the 19th
century, foreigners—and principally
Americans —have played the leading
roles in the development of the
islands," Dr. Bradley says in intro
duction to his forthcoming talk on
"Early Americans in Hawaii."

If stranded on a desert island, co
eds at Howard College would pick a
handy man rather than a romantic
fellow, to stay with them.
The short but colorful history of
the Hawaiian Islands, in which they
have undergone a rapid change from
an isolated Polynesian archipelago
to the cosmopolitan racial melting
pot of the present day, will be dis
cussed by Dr. Harold Whitman
Bradley, assistant professor of his
tory, on the Stanford Radio Hour
Monday evening at 8:30 over station
KGO. '
"Since the early part of the 19th
century, foreigners—and principally
Americans —have played the leading
roles in the development of the
islands," Dr. Bradley says in intro
duction to his forthcoming talk on
"Early Americans in Hawaii."

If stranded on a desert island, co
eds at Howard College would pick a
handy man rather than a romantic
fellow, to stay with them.
The short but colorful history of
the Hawaiian Islands, in which they
have undergone a rapid change from
an isolated Polynesian archipelago
to the cosmopolitan racial melting
pot of the present day, will be dis
cussed by Dr. Harold Whitman
Bradley, assistant professor of his
tory, on the Stanford Radio Hour
Monday evening at 8:30 over station
KGO. '
"Since the early part of the 19th
century, foreigners—and principally
Americans —have played the leading
roles in the development of the
islands," Dr. Bradley says in intro
duction to his forthcoming talk on
"Early Americans in Hawaii."

If stranded on a desert island, co
eds at Howard College would pick a
handy man rather than a romantic
fellow, to stay with them.
The short but colorful history of
the Hawaiian Islands, in which they
have undergone a rapid change from
an isolated Polynesian archipelago
to the cosmopolitan racial melting
pot of the present day, will be dis
cussed by Dr. Harold Whitman
Bradley, assistant professor of his
tory, on the Stanford Radio Hour
Monday evening at 8:30 over station
KGO. '
"Since the early part of the 19th
century, foreigners—and principally
Americans —have played the leading
roles in the development of the
islands," Dr. Bradley says in intro
duction to his forthcoming talk on
"Early Americans in Hawaii."

If stranded on a desert island, co
eds at Howard College would pick a
handy man rather than a romantic
fellow, to stay with them.
The short but colorful history of
the Hawaiian Islands, in which they
have undergone a rapid change from
an isolated Polynesian archipelago
to the cosmopolitan racial melting
pot of the present day, will be dis
cussed by Dr. Harold Whitman
Bradley, assistant professor of his
tory, on the Stanford Radio Hour
Monday evening at 8:30 over station
KGO. '
"Since the early part of the 19th
century, foreigners—and principally
Americans —have played the leading
roles in the development of the
islands," Dr. Bradley says in intro
duction to his forthcoming talk on
"Early Americans in Hawaii."

If stranded on a desert island, co
eds at Howard College would pick a
handy man rather than a romantic
fellow, to stay with them.
The short but colorful history of
the Hawaiian Islands, in which they
have undergone a rapid change from
an isolated Polynesian archipelago
to the cosmopolitan racial melting
pot of the present day, will be dis
cussed by Dr. Harold Whitman
Bradley, assistant professor of his
tory, on the Stanford Radio Hour
Monday evening at 8:30 over station
KGO. '
"Since the early part of the 19th
century, foreigners—and principally
Americans —have played the leading
roles in the development of the
islands," Dr. Bradley says in intro
duction to his forthcoming talk on
"Early Americans in Hawaii."

If stranded on a desert island, co
eds at Howard College would pick a
handy man rather than a romantic
fellow, to stay with them.
The short but colorful history of
the Hawaiian Islands, in which they
have undergone a rapid change from
an isolated Polynesian archipelago
to the cosmopolitan racial melting
pot of the present day, will be dis
cussed by Dr. Harold Whitman
Bradley, assistant professor of his
tory, on the Stanford Radio Hour
Monday evening at 8:30 over station
KGO. '
"Since the early part of the 19th
century, foreigners—and principally
Americans —have played the leading
roles in the development of the
islands," Dr. Bradley says in intro
duction to his forthcoming talk on
"Early Americans in Hawaii."

If stranded on a desert island, co
eds at Howard College would pick a
handy man rather than a romantic
fellow, to stay with them.
The short but colorful history of
the Hawaiian Islands, in which they
have undergone a rapid change from
an isolated Polynesian archipelago
to the cosmopolitan racial melting
pot of the present day, will be dis
cussed by Dr. Harold Whitman
Bradley, assistant professor of his
tory, on the Stanford Radio Hour
Monday evening at 8:30 over station
KGO. '
"Since the early part of the 19th
century, foreigners—and principally
Americans —have played the leading
roles in the development of the
islands," Dr. Bradley says in intro
duction to his forthcoming talk on
"Early Americans in Hawaii."

If stranded on a desert island, co
eds at Howard College would pick a
handy man rather than a romantic
fellow, to stay with them.
