# PRIESTS CALLED LEWD
## 
### 
BERLIN. April 29 (U.R). — Nazi
newspapers opened a broadside at
tack on the Roman Catholic Church
today and threatened trial of hun
dreds of priests on charges of im
morality, with the evidence, in some
cases, to be broadcast through the
nation by radio.
BERLIN. April 29 (U.R). — Nazi
newspapers opened a broadside at
tack on the Roman Catholic Church
today and threatened trial of hun
dreds of priests on charges of im
morality, with the evidence, in some
cases, to be broadcast through the
nation by radio.
BERLIN. April 29 (U.R). — Nazi
newspapers opened a broadside at
tack on the Roman Catholic Church
today and threatened trial of hun
dreds of priests on charges of im
morality, with the evidence, in some
cases, to be broadcast through the
nation by radio.
BERLIN. April 29 (U.R). — Nazi
newspapers opened a broadside at
tack on the Roman Catholic Church
today and threatened trial of hun
dreds of priests on charges of im
morality, with the evidence, in some
cases, to be broadcast through the
nation by radio.
BERLIN. April 29 (U.R). — Nazi
newspapers opened a broadside at
tack on the Roman Catholic Church
today and threatened trial of hun
dreds of priests on charges of im
morality, with the evidence, in some
cases, to be broadcast through the
nation by radio.
BERLIN. April 29 (U.R). — Nazi
newspapers opened a broadside at
tack on the Roman Catholic Church
today and threatened trial of hun
dreds of priests on charges of im
morality, with the evidence, in some
cases, to be broadcast through the
nation by radio.
BERLIN. April 29 (U.R). — Nazi
newspapers opened a broadside at
tack on the Roman Catholic Church
today and threatened trial of hun
dreds of priests on charges of im
morality, with the evidence, in some
cases, to be broadcast through the
nation by radio.
BERLIN. April 29 (U.R). — Nazi
newspapers opened a broadside at
tack on the Roman Catholic Church
today and threatened trial of hun
dreds of priests on charges of im
morality, with the evidence, in some
cases, to be broadcast through the
nation by radio.
BERLIN. April 29 (U.R). — Nazi
newspapers opened a broadside at
tack on the Roman Catholic Church
today and threatened trial of hun
dreds of priests on charges of im
morality, with the evidence, in some
cases, to be broadcast through the
nation by radio.
BERLIN. April 29 (U.R). — Nazi
newspapers opened a broadside at
tack on the Roman Catholic Church
today and threatened trial of hun
dreds of priests on charges of im
morality, with the evidence, in some
cases, to be broadcast through the
nation by radio.
BERLIN. April 29 (U.R). — Nazi
newspapers opened a broadside at
tack on the Roman Catholic Church
today and threatened trial of hun
dreds of priests on charges of im
morality, with the evidence, in some
cases, to be broadcast through the
nation by radio.
BERLIN. April 29 (U.R). — Nazi
newspapers opened a broadside at
tack on the Roman Catholic Church
today and threatened trial of hun
dreds of priests on charges of im
morality, with the evidence, in some
cases, to be broadcast through the
nation by radio.
BERLIN. April 29 (U.R). — Nazi
newspapers opened a broadside at
tack on the Roman Catholic Church
today and threatened trial of hun
dreds of priests on charges of im
morality, with the evidence, in some
cases, to be broadcast through the
nation by radio.
BERLIN. April 29 (U.R). — Nazi
newspapers opened a broadside at
tack on the Roman Catholic Church
today and threatened trial of hun
dreds of priests on charges of im
morality, with the evidence, in some
cases, to be broadcast through the
nation by radio.
BERLIN. April 29 (U.R). — Nazi
newspapers opened a broadside at
tack on the Roman Catholic Church
today and threatened trial of hun
dreds of priests on charges of im
morality, with the evidence, in some
cases, to be broadcast through the
nation by radio.
