# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A senior girl at Simpson College
earned her w;iy through college by
peeling potatoes at the dormitories.
A senior girl at Simpson College
earned her w;iy through college by
peeling potatoes at the dormitories.
A senior girl at Simpson College
earned her w;iy through college by
peeling potatoes at the dormitories.
A senior girl at Simpson College
earned her w;iy through college by
peeling potatoes at the dormitories.
A senior girl at Simpson College
earned her w;iy through college by
peeling potatoes at the dormitories.
A senior girl at Simpson College
earned her w;iy through college by
peeling potatoes at the dormitories.
A senior girl at Simpson College
earned her w;iy through college by
peeling potatoes at the dormitories.
A senior girl at Simpson College
earned her w;iy through college by
peeling potatoes at the dormitories.
A senior girl at Simpson College
earned her w;iy through college by
peeling potatoes at the dormitories.
A senior girl at Simpson College
earned her w;iy through college by
peeling potatoes at the dormitories.
A senior girl at Simpson College
earned her w;iy through college by
peeling potatoes at the dormitories.
A senior girl at Simpson College
earned her w;iy through college by
peeling potatoes at the dormitories.
A senior girl at Simpson College
earned her w;iy through college by
peeling potatoes at the dormitories.
A senior girl at Simpson College
earned her w;iy through college by
peeling potatoes at the dormitories.
A senior girl at Simpson College
earned her w;iy through college by
peeling potatoes at the dormitories.
