# Adv. 1 Page 2
## 
### 
Opinion* Page
Contribution*
Contributions to the Daily
opinions page must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 62-space
line. Bring submissions (c/o
the opinions editor) to the
Daily office located in the
Storke Publications 3uilding
at Panama and Lomita
streets.
Opinion* Page
Contribution*
Contributions to the Daily
opinions page must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 62-space
line. Bring submissions (c/o
the opinions editor) to the
Daily office located in the
Storke Publications 3uilding
at Panama and Lomita
streets.
Opinion* Page
Contribution*
Contributions to the Daily
opinions page must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 62-space
line. Bring submissions (c/o
the opinions editor) to the
Daily office located in the
Storke Publications 3uilding
at Panama and Lomita
streets.
Opinion* Page
Contribution*
Contributions to the Daily
opinions page must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 62-space
line. Bring submissions (c/o
the opinions editor) to the
Daily office located in the
Storke Publications 3uilding
at Panama and Lomita
streets.
Opinion* Page
Contribution*
Contributions to the Daily
opinions page must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 62-space
line. Bring submissions (c/o
the opinions editor) to the
Daily office located in the
Storke Publications 3uilding
at Panama and Lomita
streets.
Opinion* Page
Contribution*
Contributions to the Daily
opinions page must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 62-space
line. Bring submissions (c/o
the opinions editor) to the
Daily office located in the
Storke Publications 3uilding
at Panama and Lomita
streets.
Opinion* Page
Contribution*
Contributions to the Daily
opinions page must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 62-space
line. Bring submissions (c/o
the opinions editor) to the
Daily office located in the
Storke Publications 3uilding
at Panama and Lomita
streets.
Opinion* Page
Contribution*
Contributions to the Daily
opinions page must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 62-space
line. Bring submissions (c/o
the opinions editor) to the
Daily office located in the
Storke Publications 3uilding
at Panama and Lomita
streets.
Opinion* Page
Contribution*
Contributions to the Daily
opinions page must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 62-space
line. Bring submissions (c/o
the opinions editor) to the
Daily office located in the
Storke Publications 3uilding
at Panama and Lomita
streets.
Opinion* Page
Contribution*
Contributions to the Daily
opinions page must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 62-space
line. Bring submissions (c/o
the opinions editor) to the
Daily office located in the
Storke Publications 3uilding
at Panama and Lomita
streets.
Opinion* Page
Contribution*
Contributions to the Daily
opinions page must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 62-space
line. Bring submissions (c/o
the opinions editor) to the
Daily office located in the
Storke Publications 3uilding
at Panama and Lomita
streets.
Opinion* Page
Contribution*
Contributions to the Daily
opinions page must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 62-space
line. Bring submissions (c/o
the opinions editor) to the
Daily office located in the
Storke Publications 3uilding
at Panama and Lomita
streets.
Opinion* Page
Contribution*
Contributions to the Daily
opinions page must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 62-space
line. Bring submissions (c/o
the opinions editor) to the
Daily office located in the
Storke Publications 3uilding
at Panama and Lomita
streets.
Opinion* Page
Contribution*
Contributions to the Daily
opinions page must be typed,
double-spaced, on a 62-space
line. Bring submissions (c/o
the opinions editor) to the
Daily office located in the
Storke Publications 3uilding
at Panama and Lomita
streets.
