# Adv. 20 Page 4
## 
### 
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
PARD
COME ON IN
JOE KERSHNER
FOR A FREE BURGER
AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino • Palo Alto
presents w™»«f X/
formats with J I
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant |H^h
fabric finishl
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
offered to you
anywhere—
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
PARD
COME ON IN
JOE KERSHNER
FOR A FREE BURGER
AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino • Palo Alto
presents w™»«f X/
formats with J I
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant |H^h
fabric finishl
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
offered to you
anywhere—
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
PARD
COME ON IN
JOE KERSHNER
FOR A FREE BURGER
AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino • Palo Alto
presents w™»«f X/
formats with J I
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant |H^h
fabric finishl
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
offered to you
anywhere—
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
PARD
COME ON IN
JOE KERSHNER
FOR A FREE BURGER
AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino • Palo Alto
presents w™»«f X/
formats with J I
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant |H^h
fabric finishl
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
offered to you
anywhere—
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
PARD
COME ON IN
JOE KERSHNER
FOR A FREE BURGER
AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino • Palo Alto
presents w™»«f X/
formats with J I
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant |H^h
fabric finishl
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
offered to you
anywhere—
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
PARD
COME ON IN
JOE KERSHNER
FOR A FREE BURGER
AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino • Palo Alto
presents w™»«f X/
formats with J I
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant |H^h
fabric finishl
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
offered to you
anywhere—
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
PARD
COME ON IN
JOE KERSHNER
FOR A FREE BURGER
AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino • Palo Alto
presents w™»«f X/
formats with J I
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant |H^h
fabric finishl
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
offered to you
anywhere—
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
PARD
COME ON IN
JOE KERSHNER
FOR A FREE BURGER
AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino • Palo Alto
presents w™»«f X/
formats with J I
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant |H^h
fabric finishl
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
offered to you
anywhere—
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
PARD
COME ON IN
JOE KERSHNER
FOR A FREE BURGER
AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino • Palo Alto
presents w™»«f X/
formats with J I
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant |H^h
fabric finishl
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
offered to you
anywhere—
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
PARD
COME ON IN
JOE KERSHNER
FOR A FREE BURGER
AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino • Palo Alto
presents w™»«f X/
formats with J I
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant |H^h
fabric finishl
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
offered to you
anywhere—
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
PARD
COME ON IN
JOE KERSHNER
FOR A FREE BURGER
AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino • Palo Alto
presents w™»«f X/
formats with J I
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant |H^h
fabric finishl
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
offered to you
anywhere—
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
PARD
COME ON IN
JOE KERSHNER
FOR A FREE BURGER
AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino • Palo Alto
presents w™»«f X/
formats with J I
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant |H^h
fabric finishl
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
offered to you
anywhere—
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
PARD
COME ON IN
JOE KERSHNER
FOR A FREE BURGER
AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino • Palo Alto
presents w™»«f X/
formats with J I
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant |H^h
fabric finishl
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
offered to you
anywhere—
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
PARD
COME ON IN
JOE KERSHNER
FOR A FREE BURGER
AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino • Palo Alto
presents w™»«f X/
formats with J I
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant |H^h
fabric finishl
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
offered to you
anywhere—
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
PARD
COME ON IN
JOE KERSHNER
FOR A FREE BURGER
AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino • Palo Alto
presents w™»«f X/
formats with J I
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant |H^h
fabric finishl
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
offered to you
anywhere—
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
USE THE CLASSIFIEDS
PARD
COME ON IN
JOE KERSHNER
FOR A FREE BURGER
AND SHAKE
4191 El Camino • Palo Alto
presents w™»«f X/
formats with J I
"SUPER STAIN SHY"
~. the miracle
stain resistant |H^h
fabric finishl
The finest
selection of
men's formal wear
offered to you
anywhere—
for rent
as well as sale.
A STORE FOR MEN
Gerald's
Formerly Known as Varsity
301 University at Bryant
