# Women's Council Asks Suggestions For Rules Change
## 
### 
Women's Council raised llie
question of possible changes in
women's social regulations this
week with discussions in most
women's residences Monday eve
ning.
Council members brought up
the question aHcr hearing numer
ous complaints about red tape
and detail in the regulations.
As ;t judicial body tlie Council
has no authority to change regu
lations. Council members under
took the project If) get student
opinion. They have no plan for
elimination of regulations.
Council may act as an advisory
committee on the problem and
its decisions will lie referred to
AWS Social .Regulations Commit
tee.
Students who wish to present
opinions or suggestions may at
tend meetings of llie AWS com
mittee on Tuesday evenings in
tlie Student Union.
Women's Council raised llie
question of possible changes in
women's social regulations this
week with discussions in most
women's residences Monday eve
ning.
Council members brought up
the question aHcr hearing numer
ous complaints about red tape
and detail in the regulations.
As ;t judicial body tlie Council
has no authority to change regu
lations. Council members under
took the project If) get student
opinion. They have no plan for
elimination of regulations.
Council may act as an advisory
committee on the problem and
its decisions will lie referred to
AWS Social .Regulations Commit
tee.
Students who wish to present
opinions or suggestions may at
tend meetings of llie AWS com
mittee on Tuesday evenings in
tlie Student Union.
Women's Council raised llie
question of possible changes in
women's social regulations this
week with discussions in most
women's residences Monday eve
ning.
Council members brought up
the question aHcr hearing numer
ous complaints about red tape
and detail in the regulations.
As ;t judicial body tlie Council
has no authority to change regu
lations. Council members under
took the project If) get student
opinion. They have no plan for
elimination of regulations.
Council may act as an advisory
committee on the problem and
its decisions will lie referred to
AWS Social .Regulations Commit
tee.
Students who wish to present
opinions or suggestions may at
tend meetings of llie AWS com
mittee on Tuesday evenings in
tlie Student Union.
Women's Council raised llie
question of possible changes in
women's social regulations this
week with discussions in most
women's residences Monday eve
ning.
Council members brought up
the question aHcr hearing numer
ous complaints about red tape
and detail in the regulations.
As ;t judicial body tlie Council
has no authority to change regu
lations. Council members under
took the project If) get student
opinion. They have no plan for
elimination of regulations.
Council may act as an advisory
committee on the problem and
its decisions will lie referred to
AWS Social .Regulations Commit
tee.
Students who wish to present
opinions or suggestions may at
tend meetings of llie AWS com
mittee on Tuesday evenings in
tlie Student Union.
Women's Council raised llie
question of possible changes in
women's social regulations this
week with discussions in most
women's residences Monday eve
ning.
Council members brought up
the question aHcr hearing numer
ous complaints about red tape
and detail in the regulations.
As ;t judicial body tlie Council
has no authority to change regu
lations. Council members under
took the project If) get student
opinion. They have no plan for
elimination of regulations.
Council may act as an advisory
committee on the problem and
its decisions will lie referred to
AWS Social .Regulations Commit
tee.
Students who wish to present
opinions or suggestions may at
tend meetings of llie AWS com
mittee on Tuesday evenings in
tlie Student Union.
Women's Council raised llie
question of possible changes in
women's social regulations this
week with discussions in most
women's residences Monday eve
ning.
Council members brought up
the question aHcr hearing numer
ous complaints about red tape
and detail in the regulations.
As ;t judicial body tlie Council
has no authority to change regu
lations. Council members under
took the project If) get student
opinion. They have no plan for
elimination of regulations.
Council may act as an advisory
committee on the problem and
its decisions will lie referred to
AWS Social .Regulations Commit
tee.
Students who wish to present
opinions or suggestions may at
tend meetings of llie AWS com
mittee on Tuesday evenings in
tlie Student Union.
Women's Council raised llie
question of possible changes in
women's social regulations this
week with discussions in most
women's residences Monday eve
ning.
Council members brought up
the question aHcr hearing numer
ous complaints about red tape
and detail in the regulations.
As ;t judicial body tlie Council
has no authority to change regu
lations. Council members under
took the project If) get student
opinion. They have no plan for
elimination of regulations.
Council may act as an advisory
committee on the problem and
its decisions will lie referred to
AWS Social .Regulations Commit
tee.
Students who wish to present
opinions or suggestions may at
tend meetings of llie AWS com
mittee on Tuesday evenings in
tlie Student Union.
Women's Council raised llie
question of possible changes in
women's social regulations this
week with discussions in most
women's residences Monday eve
ning.
Council members brought up
the question aHcr hearing numer
ous complaints about red tape
and detail in the regulations.
As ;t judicial body tlie Council
has no authority to change regu
lations. Council members under
took the project If) get student
opinion. They have no plan for
elimination of regulations.
Council may act as an advisory
committee on the problem and
its decisions will lie referred to
AWS Social .Regulations Commit
tee.
Students who wish to present
opinions or suggestions may at
tend meetings of llie AWS com
mittee on Tuesday evenings in
tlie Student Union.
Women's Council raised llie
question of possible changes in
women's social regulations this
week with discussions in most
women's residences Monday eve
ning.
Council members brought up
the question aHcr hearing numer
ous complaints about red tape
and detail in the regulations.
As ;t judicial body tlie Council
has no authority to change regu
lations. Council members under
took the project If) get student
opinion. They have no plan for
elimination of regulations.
Council may act as an advisory
committee on the problem and
its decisions will lie referred to
AWS Social .Regulations Commit
tee.
Students who wish to present
opinions or suggestions may at
tend meetings of llie AWS com
mittee on Tuesday evenings in
tlie Student Union.
Women's Council raised llie
question of possible changes in
women's social regulations this
week with discussions in most
women's residences Monday eve
ning.
Council members brought up
the question aHcr hearing numer
ous complaints about red tape
and detail in the regulations.
As ;t judicial body tlie Council
has no authority to change regu
lations. Council members under
took the project If) get student
opinion. They have no plan for
elimination of regulations.
Council may act as an advisory
committee on the problem and
its decisions will lie referred to
AWS Social .Regulations Commit
tee.
Students who wish to present
opinions or suggestions may at
tend meetings of llie AWS com
mittee on Tuesday evenings in
tlie Student Union.
Women's Council raised llie
question of possible changes in
women's social regulations this
week with discussions in most
women's residences Monday eve
ning.
Council members brought up
the question aHcr hearing numer
ous complaints about red tape
and detail in the regulations.
As ;t judicial body tlie Council
has no authority to change regu
lations. Council members under
took the project If) get student
opinion. They have no plan for
elimination of regulations.
Council may act as an advisory
committee on the problem and
its decisions will lie referred to
AWS Social .Regulations Commit
tee.
Students who wish to present
opinions or suggestions may at
tend meetings of llie AWS com
mittee on Tuesday evenings in
tlie Student Union.
Women's Council raised llie
question of possible changes in
women's social regulations this
week with discussions in most
women's residences Monday eve
ning.
Council members brought up
the question aHcr hearing numer
ous complaints about red tape
and detail in the regulations.
As ;t judicial body tlie Council
has no authority to change regu
lations. Council members under
took the project If) get student
opinion. They have no plan for
elimination of regulations.
Council may act as an advisory
committee on the problem and
its decisions will lie referred to
AWS Social .Regulations Commit
tee.
Students who wish to present
opinions or suggestions may at
tend meetings of llie AWS com
mittee on Tuesday evenings in
tlie Student Union.
Women's Council raised llie
question of possible changes in
women's social regulations this
week with discussions in most
women's residences Monday eve
ning.
Council members brought up
the question aHcr hearing numer
ous complaints about red tape
and detail in the regulations.
As ;t judicial body tlie Council
has no authority to change regu
lations. Council members under
took the project If) get student
opinion. They have no plan for
elimination of regulations.
Council may act as an advisory
committee on the problem and
its decisions will lie referred to
AWS Social .Regulations Commit
tee.
Students who wish to present
opinions or suggestions may at
tend meetings of llie AWS com
mittee on Tuesday evenings in
tlie Student Union.
Women's Council raised llie
question of possible changes in
women's social regulations this
week with discussions in most
women's residences Monday eve
ning.
Council members brought up
the question aHcr hearing numer
ous complaints about red tape
and detail in the regulations.
As ;t judicial body tlie Council
has no authority to change regu
lations. Council members under
took the project If) get student
opinion. They have no plan for
elimination of regulations.
Council may act as an advisory
committee on the problem and
its decisions will lie referred to
AWS Social .Regulations Commit
tee.
Students who wish to present
opinions or suggestions may at
tend meetings of llie AWS com
mittee on Tuesday evenings in
tlie Student Union.
Women's Council raised llie
question of possible changes in
women's social regulations this
week with discussions in most
women's residences Monday eve
ning.
Council members brought up
the question aHcr hearing numer
ous complaints about red tape
and detail in the regulations.
As ;t judicial body tlie Council
has no authority to change regu
lations. Council members under
took the project If) get student
opinion. They have no plan for
elimination of regulations.
Council may act as an advisory
committee on the problem and
its decisions will lie referred to
AWS Social .Regulations Commit
tee.
Students who wish to present
opinions or suggestions may at
tend meetings of llie AWS com
mittee on Tuesday evenings in
tlie Student Union.
Women's Council raised llie
question of possible changes in
women's social regulations this
week with discussions in most
women's residences Monday eve
ning.
Council members brought up
the question aHcr hearing numer
ous complaints about red tape
and detail in the regulations.
As ;t judicial body tlie Council
has no authority to change regu
lations. Council members under
took the project If) get student
opinion. They have no plan for
elimination of regulations.
Council may act as an advisory
committee on the problem and
its decisions will lie referred to
AWS Social .Regulations Commit
tee.
Students who wish to present
opinions or suggestions may at
tend meetings of llie AWS com
mittee on Tuesday evenings in
tlie Student Union.
