# U.W. Honor System Violated Offenses Besiege Council Students Supported Decisions
## 
### 
Faced with the largest docket in
the history of the honor code at the
University of Washington, with re
ports of 32 violations now on file and
more coming in daily, the Senior
Council has arranged for four weeks'
extra sessions.
Four students found guilty or vio
lating the code received 30 hours in
penalties, 15 hours added to gradua
tion requirements, and E grades in the
courses involved.
Although in all cases on which the
council passes judgment the under
graduates involved have the right to
appeal to the faculty discipline com
mittee, students are showing better
support of the code than ever before,
says the president of the council.
Faced with the largest docket in
the history of the honor code at the
University of Washington, with re
ports of 32 violations now on file and
more coming in daily, the Senior
Council has arranged for four weeks'
extra sessions.
Four students found guilty or vio
lating the code received 30 hours in
penalties, 15 hours added to gradua
tion requirements, and E grades in the
courses involved.
Although in all cases on which the
council passes judgment the under
graduates involved have the right to
appeal to the faculty discipline com
mittee, students are showing better
support of the code than ever before,
says the president of the council.
Faced with the largest docket in
the history of the honor code at the
University of Washington, with re
ports of 32 violations now on file and
more coming in daily, the Senior
Council has arranged for four weeks'
extra sessions.
Four students found guilty or vio
lating the code received 30 hours in
penalties, 15 hours added to gradua
tion requirements, and E grades in the
courses involved.
Although in all cases on which the
council passes judgment the under
graduates involved have the right to
appeal to the faculty discipline com
mittee, students are showing better
support of the code than ever before,
says the president of the council.
Faced with the largest docket in
the history of the honor code at the
University of Washington, with re
ports of 32 violations now on file and
more coming in daily, the Senior
Council has arranged for four weeks'
extra sessions.
Four students found guilty or vio
lating the code received 30 hours in
penalties, 15 hours added to gradua
tion requirements, and E grades in the
courses involved.
Although in all cases on which the
council passes judgment the under
graduates involved have the right to
appeal to the faculty discipline com
mittee, students are showing better
support of the code than ever before,
says the president of the council.
Faced with the largest docket in
the history of the honor code at the
University of Washington, with re
ports of 32 violations now on file and
more coming in daily, the Senior
Council has arranged for four weeks'
extra sessions.
Four students found guilty or vio
lating the code received 30 hours in
penalties, 15 hours added to gradua
tion requirements, and E grades in the
courses involved.
Although in all cases on which the
council passes judgment the under
graduates involved have the right to
appeal to the faculty discipline com
mittee, students are showing better
support of the code than ever before,
says the president of the council.
Faced with the largest docket in
the history of the honor code at the
University of Washington, with re
ports of 32 violations now on file and
more coming in daily, the Senior
Council has arranged for four weeks'
extra sessions.
Four students found guilty or vio
lating the code received 30 hours in
penalties, 15 hours added to gradua
tion requirements, and E grades in the
courses involved.
Although in all cases on which the
council passes judgment the under
graduates involved have the right to
appeal to the faculty discipline com
mittee, students are showing better
support of the code than ever before,
says the president of the council.
Faced with the largest docket in
the history of the honor code at the
University of Washington, with re
ports of 32 violations now on file and
more coming in daily, the Senior
Council has arranged for four weeks'
extra sessions.
Four students found guilty or vio
lating the code received 30 hours in
penalties, 15 hours added to gradua
tion requirements, and E grades in the
courses involved.
Although in all cases on which the
council passes judgment the under
graduates involved have the right to
appeal to the faculty discipline com
mittee, students are showing better
support of the code than ever before,
says the president of the council.
Faced with the largest docket in
the history of the honor code at the
University of Washington, with re
ports of 32 violations now on file and
more coming in daily, the Senior
Council has arranged for four weeks'
extra sessions.
Four students found guilty or vio
lating the code received 30 hours in
penalties, 15 hours added to gradua
tion requirements, and E grades in the
courses involved.
Although in all cases on which the
council passes judgment the under
graduates involved have the right to
appeal to the faculty discipline com
mittee, students are showing better
support of the code than ever before,
says the president of the council.
Faced with the largest docket in
the history of the honor code at the
University of Washington, with re
ports of 32 violations now on file and
more coming in daily, the Senior
Council has arranged for four weeks'
extra sessions.
Four students found guilty or vio
lating the code received 30 hours in
penalties, 15 hours added to gradua
tion requirements, and E grades in the
courses involved.
Although in all cases on which the
council passes judgment the under
graduates involved have the right to
appeal to the faculty discipline com
mittee, students are showing better
support of the code than ever before,
says the president of the council.
Faced with the largest docket in
the history of the honor code at the
University of Washington, with re
ports of 32 violations now on file and
more coming in daily, the Senior
Council has arranged for four weeks'
extra sessions.
Four students found guilty or vio
lating the code received 30 hours in
penalties, 15 hours added to gradua
tion requirements, and E grades in the
courses involved.
Although in all cases on which the
council passes judgment the under
graduates involved have the right to
appeal to the faculty discipline com
mittee, students are showing better
support of the code than ever before,
says the president of the council.
Faced with the largest docket in
the history of the honor code at the
University of Washington, with re
ports of 32 violations now on file and
more coming in daily, the Senior
Council has arranged for four weeks'
extra sessions.
Four students found guilty or vio
lating the code received 30 hours in
penalties, 15 hours added to gradua
tion requirements, and E grades in the
courses involved.
Although in all cases on which the
council passes judgment the under
graduates involved have the right to
appeal to the faculty discipline com
mittee, students are showing better
support of the code than ever before,
says the president of the council.
Faced with the largest docket in
the history of the honor code at the
University of Washington, with re
ports of 32 violations now on file and
more coming in daily, the Senior
Council has arranged for four weeks'
extra sessions.
Four students found guilty or vio
lating the code received 30 hours in
penalties, 15 hours added to gradua
tion requirements, and E grades in the
courses involved.
Although in all cases on which the
council passes judgment the under
graduates involved have the right to
appeal to the faculty discipline com
mittee, students are showing better
support of the code than ever before,
says the president of the council.
Faced with the largest docket in
the history of the honor code at the
University of Washington, with re
ports of 32 violations now on file and
more coming in daily, the Senior
Council has arranged for four weeks'
extra sessions.
Four students found guilty or vio
lating the code received 30 hours in
penalties, 15 hours added to gradua
tion requirements, and E grades in the
courses involved.
Although in all cases on which the
council passes judgment the under
graduates involved have the right to
appeal to the faculty discipline com
mittee, students are showing better
support of the code than ever before,
says the president of the council.
Faced with the largest docket in
the history of the honor code at the
University of Washington, with re
ports of 32 violations now on file and
more coming in daily, the Senior
Council has arranged for four weeks'
extra sessions.
Four students found guilty or vio
lating the code received 30 hours in
penalties, 15 hours added to gradua
tion requirements, and E grades in the
courses involved.
Although in all cases on which the
council passes judgment the under
graduates involved have the right to
appeal to the faculty discipline com
mittee, students are showing better
support of the code than ever before,
says the president of the council.
Faced with the largest docket in
the history of the honor code at the
University of Washington, with re
ports of 32 violations now on file and
more coming in daily, the Senior
Council has arranged for four weeks'
extra sessions.
Four students found guilty or vio
lating the code received 30 hours in
penalties, 15 hours added to gradua
tion requirements, and E grades in the
courses involved.
Although in all cases on which the
council passes judgment the under
graduates involved have the right to
appeal to the faculty discipline com
mittee, students are showing better
support of the code than ever before,
says the president of the council.
