# STANFORD SWIMMING TEAMS COACHED BY WALLACE O'CONNOR
## 
### 
In the absence of Coach Ernst
Brandsten, Wallace O'Connor, Stanford
swimming and water polo star, will
take charge of the swimming and
■water polo teams' daily practice.
Brandsten is in the South at present,
acting as trainer for Norman Ito3S,
former Stanford swimmer, who will
attempt the Catalina channel swim
Saturday.
O'Connor has returned to college
after an absence of two quarters, and
will be eligible for the varsity swim
ming and water polo teams. The first
swimming meet of the winter, to be
held on February 12, will be the
P.A.A. championship meet.
Carl Stevenson, captain of this
year's swimming team, won the Silver
Gate meet at San Diego and the Golden
Gate contest at San Francisco last
year. He, with several other candi
dates and members of the team, have
begun daily water polo practice in the
Encina pool.
In the absence of Coach Ernst
Brandsten, Wallace O'Connor, Stanford
swimming and water polo star, will
take charge of the swimming and
■water polo teams' daily practice.
Brandsten is in the South at present,
acting as trainer for Norman Ito3S,
former Stanford swimmer, who will
attempt the Catalina channel swim
Saturday.
O'Connor has returned to college
after an absence of two quarters, and
will be eligible for the varsity swim
ming and water polo teams. The first
swimming meet of the winter, to be
held on February 12, will be the
P.A.A. championship meet.
Carl Stevenson, captain of this
year's swimming team, won the Silver
Gate meet at San Diego and the Golden
Gate contest at San Francisco last
year. He, with several other candi
dates and members of the team, have
begun daily water polo practice in the
Encina pool.
In the absence of Coach Ernst
Brandsten, Wallace O'Connor, Stanford
swimming and water polo star, will
take charge of the swimming and
■water polo teams' daily practice.
Brandsten is in the South at present,
acting as trainer for Norman Ito3S,
former Stanford swimmer, who will
attempt the Catalina channel swim
Saturday.
O'Connor has returned to college
after an absence of two quarters, and
will be eligible for the varsity swim
ming and water polo teams. The first
swimming meet of the winter, to be
held on February 12, will be the
P.A.A. championship meet.
Carl Stevenson, captain of this
year's swimming team, won the Silver
Gate meet at San Diego and the Golden
Gate contest at San Francisco last
year. He, with several other candi
dates and members of the team, have
begun daily water polo practice in the
Encina pool.
In the absence of Coach Ernst
Brandsten, Wallace O'Connor, Stanford
swimming and water polo star, will
take charge of the swimming and
■water polo teams' daily practice.
Brandsten is in the South at present,
acting as trainer for Norman Ito3S,
former Stanford swimmer, who will
attempt the Catalina channel swim
Saturday.
O'Connor has returned to college
after an absence of two quarters, and
will be eligible for the varsity swim
ming and water polo teams. The first
swimming meet of the winter, to be
held on February 12, will be the
P.A.A. championship meet.
Carl Stevenson, captain of this
year's swimming team, won the Silver
Gate meet at San Diego and the Golden
Gate contest at San Francisco last
year. He, with several other candi
dates and members of the team, have
begun daily water polo practice in the
Encina pool.
In the absence of Coach Ernst
Brandsten, Wallace O'Connor, Stanford
swimming and water polo star, will
take charge of the swimming and
■water polo teams' daily practice.
Brandsten is in the South at present,
acting as trainer for Norman Ito3S,
former Stanford swimmer, who will
attempt the Catalina channel swim
Saturday.
O'Connor has returned to college
after an absence of two quarters, and
will be eligible for the varsity swim
ming and water polo teams. The first
swimming meet of the winter, to be
held on February 12, will be the
P.A.A. championship meet.
Carl Stevenson, captain of this
year's swimming team, won the Silver
Gate meet at San Diego and the Golden
Gate contest at San Francisco last
year. He, with several other candi
dates and members of the team, have
begun daily water polo practice in the
Encina pool.
In the absence of Coach Ernst
Brandsten, Wallace O'Connor, Stanford
swimming and water polo star, will
take charge of the swimming and
■water polo teams' daily practice.
Brandsten is in the South at present,
acting as trainer for Norman Ito3S,
former Stanford swimmer, who will
attempt the Catalina channel swim
Saturday.
O'Connor has returned to college
after an absence of two quarters, and
will be eligible for the varsity swim
ming and water polo teams. The first
swimming meet of the winter, to be
held on February 12, will be the
P.A.A. championship meet.
Carl Stevenson, captain of this
year's swimming team, won the Silver
Gate meet at San Diego and the Golden
Gate contest at San Francisco last
year. He, with several other candi
dates and members of the team, have
begun daily water polo practice in the
Encina pool.
In the absence of Coach Ernst
Brandsten, Wallace O'Connor, Stanford
swimming and water polo star, will
take charge of the swimming and
■water polo teams' daily practice.
Brandsten is in the South at present,
acting as trainer for Norman Ito3S,
former Stanford swimmer, who will
attempt the Catalina channel swim
Saturday.
O'Connor has returned to college
after an absence of two quarters, and
will be eligible for the varsity swim
ming and water polo teams. The first
swimming meet of the winter, to be
held on February 12, will be the
P.A.A. championship meet.
Carl Stevenson, captain of this
year's swimming team, won the Silver
Gate meet at San Diego and the Golden
Gate contest at San Francisco last
year. He, with several other candi
dates and members of the team, have
begun daily water polo practice in the
Encina pool.
In the absence of Coach Ernst
Brandsten, Wallace O'Connor, Stanford
swimming and water polo star, will
take charge of the swimming and
■water polo teams' daily practice.
Brandsten is in the South at present,
acting as trainer for Norman Ito3S,
former Stanford swimmer, who will
attempt the Catalina channel swim
Saturday.
O'Connor has returned to college
after an absence of two quarters, and
will be eligible for the varsity swim
ming and water polo teams. The first
swimming meet of the winter, to be
held on February 12, will be the
P.A.A. championship meet.
Carl Stevenson, captain of this
year's swimming team, won the Silver
Gate meet at San Diego and the Golden
Gate contest at San Francisco last
year. He, with several other candi
dates and members of the team, have
begun daily water polo practice in the
Encina pool.
In the absence of Coach Ernst
Brandsten, Wallace O'Connor, Stanford
swimming and water polo star, will
take charge of the swimming and
■water polo teams' daily practice.
Brandsten is in the South at present,
acting as trainer for Norman Ito3S,
former Stanford swimmer, who will
attempt the Catalina channel swim
Saturday.
O'Connor has returned to college
after an absence of two quarters, and
will be eligible for the varsity swim
ming and water polo teams. The first
swimming meet of the winter, to be
held on February 12, will be the
P.A.A. championship meet.
Carl Stevenson, captain of this
year's swimming team, won the Silver
Gate meet at San Diego and the Golden
Gate contest at San Francisco last
year. He, with several other candi
dates and members of the team, have
begun daily water polo practice in the
Encina pool.
In the absence of Coach Ernst
Brandsten, Wallace O'Connor, Stanford
swimming and water polo star, will
take charge of the swimming and
■water polo teams' daily practice.
Brandsten is in the South at present,
acting as trainer for Norman Ito3S,
former Stanford swimmer, who will
attempt the Catalina channel swim
Saturday.
O'Connor has returned to college
after an absence of two quarters, and
will be eligible for the varsity swim
ming and water polo teams. The first
swimming meet of the winter, to be
held on February 12, will be the
P.A.A. championship meet.
Carl Stevenson, captain of this
year's swimming team, won the Silver
Gate meet at San Diego and the Golden
Gate contest at San Francisco last
year. He, with several other candi
dates and members of the team, have
begun daily water polo practice in the
Encina pool.
In the absence of Coach Ernst
Brandsten, Wallace O'Connor, Stanford
swimming and water polo star, will
take charge of the swimming and
■water polo teams' daily practice.
Brandsten is in the South at present,
acting as trainer for Norman Ito3S,
former Stanford swimmer, who will
attempt the Catalina channel swim
Saturday.
O'Connor has returned to college
after an absence of two quarters, and
will be eligible for the varsity swim
ming and water polo teams. The first
swimming meet of the winter, to be
held on February 12, will be the
P.A.A. championship meet.
Carl Stevenson, captain of this
year's swimming team, won the Silver
Gate meet at San Diego and the Golden
Gate contest at San Francisco last
year. He, with several other candi
dates and members of the team, have
begun daily water polo practice in the
Encina pool.
In the absence of Coach Ernst
Brandsten, Wallace O'Connor, Stanford
swimming and water polo star, will
take charge of the swimming and
■water polo teams' daily practice.
Brandsten is in the South at present,
acting as trainer for Norman Ito3S,
former Stanford swimmer, who will
attempt the Catalina channel swim
Saturday.
O'Connor has returned to college
after an absence of two quarters, and
will be eligible for the varsity swim
ming and water polo teams. The first
swimming meet of the winter, to be
held on February 12, will be the
P.A.A. championship meet.
Carl Stevenson, captain of this
year's swimming team, won the Silver
Gate meet at San Diego and the Golden
Gate contest at San Francisco last
year. He, with several other candi
dates and members of the team, have
begun daily water polo practice in the
Encina pool.
In the absence of Coach Ernst
Brandsten, Wallace O'Connor, Stanford
swimming and water polo star, will
take charge of the swimming and
■water polo teams' daily practice.
Brandsten is in the South at present,
acting as trainer for Norman Ito3S,
former Stanford swimmer, who will
attempt the Catalina channel swim
Saturday.
O'Connor has returned to college
after an absence of two quarters, and
will be eligible for the varsity swim
ming and water polo teams. The first
swimming meet of the winter, to be
held on February 12, will be the
P.A.A. championship meet.
Carl Stevenson, captain of this
year's swimming team, won the Silver
Gate meet at San Diego and the Golden
Gate contest at San Francisco last
year. He, with several other candi
dates and members of the team, have
begun daily water polo practice in the
Encina pool.
In the absence of Coach Ernst
Brandsten, Wallace O'Connor, Stanford
swimming and water polo star, will
take charge of the swimming and
■water polo teams' daily practice.
Brandsten is in the South at present,
acting as trainer for Norman Ito3S,
former Stanford swimmer, who will
attempt the Catalina channel swim
Saturday.
O'Connor has returned to college
after an absence of two quarters, and
will be eligible for the varsity swim
ming and water polo teams. The first
swimming meet of the winter, to be
held on February 12, will be the
P.A.A. championship meet.
Carl Stevenson, captain of this
year's swimming team, won the Silver
Gate meet at San Diego and the Golden
Gate contest at San Francisco last
year. He, with several other candi
dates and members of the team, have
begun daily water polo practice in the
Encina pool.
In the absence of Coach Ernst
Brandsten, Wallace O'Connor, Stanford
swimming and water polo star, will
take charge of the swimming and
■water polo teams' daily practice.
Brandsten is in the South at present,
acting as trainer for Norman Ito3S,
former Stanford swimmer, who will
attempt the Catalina channel swim
Saturday.
O'Connor has returned to college
after an absence of two quarters, and
will be eligible for the varsity swim
ming and water polo teams. The first
swimming meet of the winter, to be
held on February 12, will be the
P.A.A. championship meet.
Carl Stevenson, captain of this
year's swimming team, won the Silver
Gate meet at San Diego and the Golden
Gate contest at San Francisco last
year. He, with several other candi
dates and members of the team, have
begun daily water polo practice in the
Encina pool.
