# University of Texas Grads Prominent in Government
## 
### 
Thirty-eight graduates or old stu
dents of the University of Texas are
members of the Fortieth Legislature
of Texas which convenes this month.
Thirty-eight graduates or old stu
dents of the University of Texas are
members of the Fortieth Legislature
of Texas which convenes this month.
Thirty-eight graduates or old stu
dents of the University of Texas are
members of the Fortieth Legislature
of Texas which convenes this month.
Thirty-eight graduates or old stu
dents of the University of Texas are
members of the Fortieth Legislature
of Texas which convenes this month.
Thirty-eight graduates or old stu
dents of the University of Texas are
members of the Fortieth Legislature
of Texas which convenes this month.
Thirty-eight graduates or old stu
dents of the University of Texas are
members of the Fortieth Legislature
of Texas which convenes this month.
Thirty-eight graduates or old stu
dents of the University of Texas are
members of the Fortieth Legislature
of Texas which convenes this month.
Thirty-eight graduates or old stu
dents of the University of Texas are
members of the Fortieth Legislature
of Texas which convenes this month.
Thirty-eight graduates or old stu
dents of the University of Texas are
members of the Fortieth Legislature
of Texas which convenes this month.
Thirty-eight graduates or old stu
dents of the University of Texas are
members of the Fortieth Legislature
of Texas which convenes this month.
Thirty-eight graduates or old stu
dents of the University of Texas are
members of the Fortieth Legislature
of Texas which convenes this month.
Thirty-eight graduates or old stu
dents of the University of Texas are
members of the Fortieth Legislature
of Texas which convenes this month.
Thirty-eight graduates or old stu
dents of the University of Texas are
members of the Fortieth Legislature
of Texas which convenes this month.
Thirty-eight graduates or old stu
dents of the University of Texas are
members of the Fortieth Legislature
of Texas which convenes this month.
Thirty-eight graduates or old stu
dents of the University of Texas are
members of the Fortieth Legislature
of Texas which convenes this month.
