# Good English Considered As an Aid to Romance
## 
### 
The English Department of the Uni
versity of Denver has advanced an
original reason tor taking English
They say that the college man bent
on romance must know how to say
more than just "good-night" to his
lady love.
The English Department of the Uni
versity of Denver has advanced an
original reason tor taking English
They say that the college man bent
on romance must know how to say
more than just "good-night" to his
lady love.
The English Department of the Uni
versity of Denver has advanced an
original reason tor taking English
They say that the college man bent
on romance must know how to say
more than just "good-night" to his
lady love.
The English Department of the Uni
versity of Denver has advanced an
original reason tor taking English
They say that the college man bent
on romance must know how to say
more than just "good-night" to his
lady love.
The English Department of the Uni
versity of Denver has advanced an
original reason tor taking English
They say that the college man bent
on romance must know how to say
more than just "good-night" to his
lady love.
The English Department of the Uni
versity of Denver has advanced an
original reason tor taking English
They say that the college man bent
on romance must know how to say
more than just "good-night" to his
lady love.
The English Department of the Uni
versity of Denver has advanced an
original reason tor taking English
They say that the college man bent
on romance must know how to say
more than just "good-night" to his
lady love.
The English Department of the Uni
versity of Denver has advanced an
original reason tor taking English
They say that the college man bent
on romance must know how to say
more than just "good-night" to his
lady love.
The English Department of the Uni
versity of Denver has advanced an
original reason tor taking English
They say that the college man bent
on romance must know how to say
more than just "good-night" to his
lady love.
The English Department of the Uni
versity of Denver has advanced an
original reason tor taking English
They say that the college man bent
on romance must know how to say
more than just "good-night" to his
lady love.
The English Department of the Uni
versity of Denver has advanced an
original reason tor taking English
They say that the college man bent
on romance must know how to say
more than just "good-night" to his
lady love.
The English Department of the Uni
versity of Denver has advanced an
original reason tor taking English
They say that the college man bent
on romance must know how to say
more than just "good-night" to his
lady love.
The English Department of the Uni
versity of Denver has advanced an
original reason tor taking English
They say that the college man bent
on romance must know how to say
more than just "good-night" to his
lady love.
The English Department of the Uni
versity of Denver has advanced an
original reason tor taking English
They say that the college man bent
on romance must know how to say
more than just "good-night" to his
lady love.
The English Department of the Uni
versity of Denver has advanced an
original reason tor taking English
They say that the college man bent
on romance must know how to say
more than just "good-night" to his
lady love.
