# Y.M.C.A. Forms Baseball League for Palo Alto Boys
## 
### 
Under the direction of the Boys'
Work committee of the Stanford
Y.M.C.A., seven baseball clubs have
been formed among the Palo Alto
youths. These ball teams are at pres
ent competing for the league cham
pionship.
Under the direction of the Boys'
Work committee of the Stanford
Y.M.C.A., seven baseball clubs have
been formed among the Palo Alto
youths. These ball teams are at pres
ent competing for the league cham
pionship.
Under the direction of the Boys'
Work committee of the Stanford
Y.M.C.A., seven baseball clubs have
been formed among the Palo Alto
youths. These ball teams are at pres
ent competing for the league cham
pionship.
Under the direction of the Boys'
Work committee of the Stanford
Y.M.C.A., seven baseball clubs have
been formed among the Palo Alto
youths. These ball teams are at pres
ent competing for the league cham
pionship.
Under the direction of the Boys'
Work committee of the Stanford
Y.M.C.A., seven baseball clubs have
been formed among the Palo Alto
youths. These ball teams are at pres
ent competing for the league cham
pionship.
Under the direction of the Boys'
Work committee of the Stanford
Y.M.C.A., seven baseball clubs have
been formed among the Palo Alto
youths. These ball teams are at pres
ent competing for the league cham
pionship.
Under the direction of the Boys'
Work committee of the Stanford
Y.M.C.A., seven baseball clubs have
been formed among the Palo Alto
youths. These ball teams are at pres
ent competing for the league cham
pionship.
Under the direction of the Boys'
Work committee of the Stanford
Y.M.C.A., seven baseball clubs have
been formed among the Palo Alto
youths. These ball teams are at pres
ent competing for the league cham
pionship.
Under the direction of the Boys'
Work committee of the Stanford
Y.M.C.A., seven baseball clubs have
been formed among the Palo Alto
youths. These ball teams are at pres
ent competing for the league cham
pionship.
Under the direction of the Boys'
Work committee of the Stanford
Y.M.C.A., seven baseball clubs have
been formed among the Palo Alto
youths. These ball teams are at pres
ent competing for the league cham
pionship.
Under the direction of the Boys'
Work committee of the Stanford
Y.M.C.A., seven baseball clubs have
been formed among the Palo Alto
youths. These ball teams are at pres
ent competing for the league cham
pionship.
Under the direction of the Boys'
Work committee of the Stanford
Y.M.C.A., seven baseball clubs have
been formed among the Palo Alto
youths. These ball teams are at pres
ent competing for the league cham
pionship.
Under the direction of the Boys'
Work committee of the Stanford
Y.M.C.A., seven baseball clubs have
been formed among the Palo Alto
youths. These ball teams are at pres
ent competing for the league cham
pionship.
Under the direction of the Boys'
Work committee of the Stanford
Y.M.C.A., seven baseball clubs have
been formed among the Palo Alto
youths. These ball teams are at pres
ent competing for the league cham
pionship.
