# LOTUS TO PERSPIRE BLOOD AT BARNES' BIG TENT TONIGHT
## 
### 
Lotus, the five-ton, blood-sweat
ing, performing hippopotamus,
along with other monstrous hip
popotami, pachyderms, camels,
and such like, will fill the stage
at the initial performance at 7
o'clock tonight in Palo Alto of A1
Barnes' four-ring super-circus.
Everything from a zebra to a
gorilla man and his family will be
open for inspection. Tomorrow
night the big tent will move to
Redwood City, where Lotus et al
will sweat blood once more.
Handsome, natural, gold-colored
dancing horses will gallivant
about under the main top, while
Midgets will give a concert and
escort youngsters about to all the
freaks at the side-show tent. A
Wild West show with three In
dian tribes will add chills of in
terest. Every type of monkey on
earth will be there, also the Ben
gal lady and the tatooed tiger. No
mention of the guy with the green
gloves has yet been made.
