# BABCOCK ELECTED CAPTAIN OF 1927 CARD TRACK TEAM
## New Leader Will Run First Lap of Relay in P.A.A. Annual Meet 
### 
Lawrence T. Babcock, '27, was
elected captain of next year's varsity
track team at a meeting of letter men
held yesterday afternoon. Babcock is
registered from Billings, Montana.

The new captain-elect starred on the
1927 freshman team, placing in both
sprint events. In his sophomore year
he ran the first lap for the winning
Stanford relay team in the Big Meet.
This $tear Babcock has been a con
sistent point-winner in the quarter
mile, in addition to running the first
lap on the relay team.

Babcock's work will be followed
with interest in the Pacific Athletic
Association track and field meet to be
held in San Francisco on May 8. The
Stanford relay team will try to smash
the world's mile relay record on this
date, and the new captain-elect will
play an important part in the record
breaking attempt.
Lawrence T. Babcock, '27, was
elected captain of next year's varsity
track team at a meeting of letter men
held yesterday afternoon. Babcock is
registered from Billings, Montana.

The new captain-elect starred on the
1927 freshman team, placing in both
sprint events. In his sophomore year
he ran the first lap for the winning
Stanford relay team in the Big Meet.
This $tear Babcock has been a con
sistent point-winner in the quarter
mile, in addition to running the first
lap on the relay team.

Babcock's work will be followed
with interest in the Pacific Athletic
Association track and field meet to be
held in San Francisco on May 8. The
Stanford relay team will try to smash
the world's mile relay record on this
date, and the new captain-elect will
play an important part in the record
breaking attempt.
Lawrence T. Babcock, '27, was
elected captain of next year's varsity
track team at a meeting of letter men
held yesterday afternoon. Babcock is
registered from Billings, Montana.

The new captain-elect starred on the
1927 freshman team, placing in both
sprint events. In his sophomore year
he ran the first lap for the winning
Stanford relay team in the Big Meet.
This $tear Babcock has been a con
sistent point-winner in the quarter
mile, in addition to running the first
lap on the relay team.

Babcock's work will be followed
with interest in the Pacific Athletic
Association track and field meet to be
held in San Francisco on May 8. The
Stanford relay team will try to smash
the world's mile relay record on this
date, and the new captain-elect will
play an important part in the record
breaking attempt.
Lawrence T. Babcock, '27, was
elected captain of next year's varsity
track team at a meeting of letter men
held yesterday afternoon. Babcock is
registered from Billings, Montana.

The new captain-elect starred on the
1927 freshman team, placing in both
sprint events. In his sophomore year
he ran the first lap for the winning
Stanford relay team in the Big Meet.
This $tear Babcock has been a con
sistent point-winner in the quarter
mile, in addition to running the first
lap on the relay team.

Babcock's work will be followed
with interest in the Pacific Athletic
Association track and field meet to be
held in San Francisco on May 8. The
Stanford relay team will try to smash
the world's mile relay record on this
date, and the new captain-elect will
play an important part in the record
breaking attempt.
Lawrence T. Babcock, '27, was
elected captain of next year's varsity
track team at a meeting of letter men
held yesterday afternoon. Babcock is
registered from Billings, Montana.

The new captain-elect starred on the
1927 freshman team, placing in both
sprint events. In his sophomore year
he ran the first lap for the winning
Stanford relay team in the Big Meet.
This $tear Babcock has been a con
sistent point-winner in the quarter
mile, in addition to running the first
lap on the relay team.

Babcock's work will be followed
with interest in the Pacific Athletic
Association track and field meet to be
held in San Francisco on May 8. The
Stanford relay team will try to smash
the world's mile relay record on this
date, and the new captain-elect will
play an important part in the record
breaking attempt.
Lawrence T. Babcock, '27, was
elected captain of next year's varsity
track team at a meeting of letter men
held yesterday afternoon. Babcock is
registered from Billings, Montana.

The new captain-elect starred on the
1927 freshman team, placing in both
sprint events. In his sophomore year
he ran the first lap for the winning
Stanford relay team in the Big Meet.
This $tear Babcock has been a con
sistent point-winner in the quarter
mile, in addition to running the first
lap on the relay team.

Babcock's work will be followed
with interest in the Pacific Athletic
Association track and field meet to be
held in San Francisco on May 8. The
Stanford relay team will try to smash
the world's mile relay record on this
date, and the new captain-elect will
play an important part in the record
breaking attempt.
Lawrence T. Babcock, '27, was
elected captain of next year's varsity
track team at a meeting of letter men
held yesterday afternoon. Babcock is
registered from Billings, Montana.

The new captain-elect starred on the
1927 freshman team, placing in both
sprint events. In his sophomore year
he ran the first lap for the winning
Stanford relay team in the Big Meet.
This $tear Babcock has been a con
sistent point-winner in the quarter
mile, in addition to running the first
lap on the relay team.

Babcock's work will be followed
with interest in the Pacific Athletic
Association track and field meet to be
held in San Francisco on May 8. The
Stanford relay team will try to smash
the world's mile relay record on this
date, and the new captain-elect will
play an important part in the record
breaking attempt.
Lawrence T. Babcock, '27, was
elected captain of next year's varsity
track team at a meeting of letter men
held yesterday afternoon. Babcock is
registered from Billings, Montana.

The new captain-elect starred on the
1927 freshman team, placing in both
sprint events. In his sophomore year
he ran the first lap for the winning
Stanford relay team in the Big Meet.
This $tear Babcock has been a con
sistent point-winner in the quarter
mile, in addition to running the first
lap on the relay team.

Babcock's work will be followed
with interest in the Pacific Athletic
Association track and field meet to be
held in San Francisco on May 8. The
Stanford relay team will try to smash
the world's mile relay record on this
date, and the new captain-elect will
play an important part in the record
breaking attempt.
Lawrence T. Babcock, '27, was
elected captain of next year's varsity
track team at a meeting of letter men
held yesterday afternoon. Babcock is
registered from Billings, Montana.

The new captain-elect starred on the
1927 freshman team, placing in both
sprint events. In his sophomore year
he ran the first lap for the winning
Stanford relay team in the Big Meet.
This $tear Babcock has been a con
sistent point-winner in the quarter
mile, in addition to running the first
lap on the relay team.

Babcock's work will be followed
with interest in the Pacific Athletic
Association track and field meet to be
held in San Francisco on May 8. The
Stanford relay team will try to smash
the world's mile relay record on this
date, and the new captain-elect will
play an important part in the record
breaking attempt.
Lawrence T. Babcock, '27, was
elected captain of next year's varsity
track team at a meeting of letter men
held yesterday afternoon. Babcock is
registered from Billings, Montana.

The new captain-elect starred on the
1927 freshman team, placing in both
sprint events. In his sophomore year
he ran the first lap for the winning
Stanford relay team in the Big Meet.
This $tear Babcock has been a con
sistent point-winner in the quarter
mile, in addition to running the first
lap on the relay team.

Babcock's work will be followed
with interest in the Pacific Athletic
Association track and field meet to be
held in San Francisco on May 8. The
Stanford relay team will try to smash
the world's mile relay record on this
date, and the new captain-elect will
play an important part in the record
breaking attempt.
Lawrence T. Babcock, '27, was
elected captain of next year's varsity
track team at a meeting of letter men
held yesterday afternoon. Babcock is
registered from Billings, Montana.

The new captain-elect starred on the
1927 freshman team, placing in both
sprint events. In his sophomore year
he ran the first lap for the winning
Stanford relay team in the Big Meet.
This $tear Babcock has been a con
sistent point-winner in the quarter
mile, in addition to running the first
lap on the relay team.

Babcock's work will be followed
with interest in the Pacific Athletic
Association track and field meet to be
held in San Francisco on May 8. The
Stanford relay team will try to smash
the world's mile relay record on this
date, and the new captain-elect will
play an important part in the record
breaking attempt.
Lawrence T. Babcock, '27, was
elected captain of next year's varsity
track team at a meeting of letter men
held yesterday afternoon. Babcock is
registered from Billings, Montana.

The new captain-elect starred on the
1927 freshman team, placing in both
sprint events. In his sophomore year
he ran the first lap for the winning
Stanford relay team in the Big Meet.
This $tear Babcock has been a con
sistent point-winner in the quarter
mile, in addition to running the first
lap on the relay team.

Babcock's work will be followed
with interest in the Pacific Athletic
Association track and field meet to be
held in San Francisco on May 8. The
Stanford relay team will try to smash
the world's mile relay record on this
date, and the new captain-elect will
play an important part in the record
breaking attempt.
Lawrence T. Babcock, '27, was
elected captain of next year's varsity
track team at a meeting of letter men
held yesterday afternoon. Babcock is
registered from Billings, Montana.

The new captain-elect starred on the
1927 freshman team, placing in both
sprint events. In his sophomore year
he ran the first lap for the winning
Stanford relay team in the Big Meet.
This $tear Babcock has been a con
sistent point-winner in the quarter
mile, in addition to running the first
lap on the relay team.

Babcock's work will be followed
with interest in the Pacific Athletic
Association track and field meet to be
held in San Francisco on May 8. The
Stanford relay team will try to smash
the world's mile relay record on this
date, and the new captain-elect will
play an important part in the record
breaking attempt.
Lawrence T. Babcock, '27, was
elected captain of next year's varsity
track team at a meeting of letter men
held yesterday afternoon. Babcock is
registered from Billings, Montana.

The new captain-elect starred on the
1927 freshman team, placing in both
sprint events. In his sophomore year
he ran the first lap for the winning
Stanford relay team in the Big Meet.
This $tear Babcock has been a con
sistent point-winner in the quarter
mile, in addition to running the first
lap on the relay team.

Babcock's work will be followed
with interest in the Pacific Athletic
Association track and field meet to be
held in San Francisco on May 8. The
Stanford relay team will try to smash
the world's mile relay record on this
date, and the new captain-elect will
play an important part in the record
breaking attempt.
