# CHIMNEY FIRE CALLS OUT CAMPUS FIREMEN
## 
### 
A chimney fire in the home of Regis
trar O. L. Elliot, emeritus, sent the
University lire department rushing up
San Juan hill at 9 o'clock last night.
No damage was done as the few
sparks were confined to the chimney.
E. E. Smith is at present living in
the Elliot house, 5 Cabrillo avenue.
Several automobiles sped out to the
campus from Palo Alto last night to
see the flames but were greatly dis
appointed.
A chimney fire in the home of Regis
trar O. L. Elliot, emeritus, sent the
University lire department rushing up
San Juan hill at 9 o'clock last night.
No damage was done as the few
sparks were confined to the chimney.
E. E. Smith is at present living in
the Elliot house, 5 Cabrillo avenue.
Several automobiles sped out to the
campus from Palo Alto last night to
see the flames but were greatly dis
appointed.
A chimney fire in the home of Regis
trar O. L. Elliot, emeritus, sent the
University lire department rushing up
San Juan hill at 9 o'clock last night.
No damage was done as the few
sparks were confined to the chimney.
E. E. Smith is at present living in
the Elliot house, 5 Cabrillo avenue.
Several automobiles sped out to the
campus from Palo Alto last night to
see the flames but were greatly dis
appointed.
A chimney fire in the home of Regis
trar O. L. Elliot, emeritus, sent the
University lire department rushing up
San Juan hill at 9 o'clock last night.
No damage was done as the few
sparks were confined to the chimney.
E. E. Smith is at present living in
the Elliot house, 5 Cabrillo avenue.
Several automobiles sped out to the
campus from Palo Alto last night to
see the flames but were greatly dis
appointed.
A chimney fire in the home of Regis
trar O. L. Elliot, emeritus, sent the
University lire department rushing up
San Juan hill at 9 o'clock last night.
No damage was done as the few
sparks were confined to the chimney.
E. E. Smith is at present living in
the Elliot house, 5 Cabrillo avenue.
Several automobiles sped out to the
campus from Palo Alto last night to
see the flames but were greatly dis
appointed.
A chimney fire in the home of Regis
trar O. L. Elliot, emeritus, sent the
University lire department rushing up
San Juan hill at 9 o'clock last night.
No damage was done as the few
sparks were confined to the chimney.
E. E. Smith is at present living in
the Elliot house, 5 Cabrillo avenue.
Several automobiles sped out to the
campus from Palo Alto last night to
see the flames but were greatly dis
appointed.
A chimney fire in the home of Regis
trar O. L. Elliot, emeritus, sent the
University lire department rushing up
San Juan hill at 9 o'clock last night.
No damage was done as the few
sparks were confined to the chimney.
E. E. Smith is at present living in
the Elliot house, 5 Cabrillo avenue.
Several automobiles sped out to the
campus from Palo Alto last night to
see the flames but were greatly dis
appointed.
A chimney fire in the home of Regis
trar O. L. Elliot, emeritus, sent the
University lire department rushing up
San Juan hill at 9 o'clock last night.
No damage was done as the few
sparks were confined to the chimney.
E. E. Smith is at present living in
the Elliot house, 5 Cabrillo avenue.
Several automobiles sped out to the
campus from Palo Alto last night to
see the flames but were greatly dis
appointed.
A chimney fire in the home of Regis
trar O. L. Elliot, emeritus, sent the
University lire department rushing up
San Juan hill at 9 o'clock last night.
No damage was done as the few
sparks were confined to the chimney.
E. E. Smith is at present living in
the Elliot house, 5 Cabrillo avenue.
Several automobiles sped out to the
campus from Palo Alto last night to
see the flames but were greatly dis
appointed.
A chimney fire in the home of Regis
trar O. L. Elliot, emeritus, sent the
University lire department rushing up
San Juan hill at 9 o'clock last night.
No damage was done as the few
sparks were confined to the chimney.
E. E. Smith is at present living in
the Elliot house, 5 Cabrillo avenue.
Several automobiles sped out to the
campus from Palo Alto last night to
see the flames but were greatly dis
appointed.
A chimney fire in the home of Regis
trar O. L. Elliot, emeritus, sent the
University lire department rushing up
San Juan hill at 9 o'clock last night.
No damage was done as the few
sparks were confined to the chimney.
E. E. Smith is at present living in
the Elliot house, 5 Cabrillo avenue.
Several automobiles sped out to the
campus from Palo Alto last night to
see the flames but were greatly dis
appointed.
A chimney fire in the home of Regis
trar O. L. Elliot, emeritus, sent the
University lire department rushing up
San Juan hill at 9 o'clock last night.
No damage was done as the few
sparks were confined to the chimney.
E. E. Smith is at present living in
the Elliot house, 5 Cabrillo avenue.
Several automobiles sped out to the
campus from Palo Alto last night to
see the flames but were greatly dis
appointed.
A chimney fire in the home of Regis
trar O. L. Elliot, emeritus, sent the
University lire department rushing up
San Juan hill at 9 o'clock last night.
No damage was done as the few
sparks were confined to the chimney.
E. E. Smith is at present living in
the Elliot house, 5 Cabrillo avenue.
Several automobiles sped out to the
campus from Palo Alto last night to
see the flames but were greatly dis
appointed.
A chimney fire in the home of Regis
trar O. L. Elliot, emeritus, sent the
University lire department rushing up
San Juan hill at 9 o'clock last night.
No damage was done as the few
sparks were confined to the chimney.
E. E. Smith is at present living in
the Elliot house, 5 Cabrillo avenue.
Several automobiles sped out to the
campus from Palo Alto last night to
see the flames but were greatly dis
appointed.
