# TICKETS ON SALE FOR COSMOPOLITAN DINNER
## 
### 
Tickets for the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet to be held in the Union
dining hall on May 10 were placed on
sale yesterday. Admission cards for!
the price of one dollar each will
sold to outsiders and club members.
Although final arrangements for the
speakers and music for the Evening
have not been made, an extensive pro
gram is planned. The banquet commit
tee includes Dorothy Verbarg, chair
man, and Ida Lundquist, Reidav Tor
jussen, Ada Roberts, Madeleine Doran,
Barbara Dewlaney, Bessie Jeong.
Tickets may be secured from Mary
Catherine Baldwin, Ida Lundquist,
Francis Hayashi, Tsong-Hsun Tsui,
and Harold Rorden,
Use of the phonograph and dicta
phone, for instruction in Spanish, is
being introduced in Northwestern Uni
versity by Professor Fracker.
All collegiate slang Is taboo at Syra
cuse University.
Tickets for the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet to be held in the Union
dining hall on May 10 were placed on
sale yesterday. Admission cards for!
the price of one dollar each will
sold to outsiders and club members.
Although final arrangements for the
speakers and music for the Evening
have not been made, an extensive pro
gram is planned. The banquet commit
tee includes Dorothy Verbarg, chair
man, and Ida Lundquist, Reidav Tor
jussen, Ada Roberts, Madeleine Doran,
Barbara Dewlaney, Bessie Jeong.
Tickets may be secured from Mary
Catherine Baldwin, Ida Lundquist,
Francis Hayashi, Tsong-Hsun Tsui,
and Harold Rorden,
Use of the phonograph and dicta
phone, for instruction in Spanish, is
being introduced in Northwestern Uni
versity by Professor Fracker.
All collegiate slang Is taboo at Syra
cuse University.
Tickets for the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet to be held in the Union
dining hall on May 10 were placed on
sale yesterday. Admission cards for!
the price of one dollar each will
sold to outsiders and club members.
Although final arrangements for the
speakers and music for the Evening
have not been made, an extensive pro
gram is planned. The banquet commit
tee includes Dorothy Verbarg, chair
man, and Ida Lundquist, Reidav Tor
jussen, Ada Roberts, Madeleine Doran,
Barbara Dewlaney, Bessie Jeong.
Tickets may be secured from Mary
Catherine Baldwin, Ida Lundquist,
Francis Hayashi, Tsong-Hsun Tsui,
and Harold Rorden,
Use of the phonograph and dicta
phone, for instruction in Spanish, is
being introduced in Northwestern Uni
versity by Professor Fracker.
All collegiate slang Is taboo at Syra
cuse University.
Tickets for the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet to be held in the Union
dining hall on May 10 were placed on
sale yesterday. Admission cards for!
the price of one dollar each will
sold to outsiders and club members.
Although final arrangements for the
speakers and music for the Evening
have not been made, an extensive pro
gram is planned. The banquet commit
tee includes Dorothy Verbarg, chair
man, and Ida Lundquist, Reidav Tor
jussen, Ada Roberts, Madeleine Doran,
Barbara Dewlaney, Bessie Jeong.
Tickets may be secured from Mary
Catherine Baldwin, Ida Lundquist,
Francis Hayashi, Tsong-Hsun Tsui,
and Harold Rorden,
Use of the phonograph and dicta
phone, for instruction in Spanish, is
being introduced in Northwestern Uni
versity by Professor Fracker.
All collegiate slang Is taboo at Syra
cuse University.
Tickets for the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet to be held in the Union
dining hall on May 10 were placed on
sale yesterday. Admission cards for!
the price of one dollar each will
sold to outsiders and club members.
Although final arrangements for the
speakers and music for the Evening
have not been made, an extensive pro
gram is planned. The banquet commit
tee includes Dorothy Verbarg, chair
man, and Ida Lundquist, Reidav Tor
jussen, Ada Roberts, Madeleine Doran,
Barbara Dewlaney, Bessie Jeong.
Tickets may be secured from Mary
Catherine Baldwin, Ida Lundquist,
Francis Hayashi, Tsong-Hsun Tsui,
and Harold Rorden,
Use of the phonograph and dicta
phone, for instruction in Spanish, is
being introduced in Northwestern Uni
versity by Professor Fracker.
All collegiate slang Is taboo at Syra
cuse University.
Tickets for the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet to be held in the Union
dining hall on May 10 were placed on
sale yesterday. Admission cards for!
the price of one dollar each will
sold to outsiders and club members.
Although final arrangements for the
speakers and music for the Evening
have not been made, an extensive pro
gram is planned. The banquet commit
tee includes Dorothy Verbarg, chair
man, and Ida Lundquist, Reidav Tor
jussen, Ada Roberts, Madeleine Doran,
Barbara Dewlaney, Bessie Jeong.
Tickets may be secured from Mary
Catherine Baldwin, Ida Lundquist,
Francis Hayashi, Tsong-Hsun Tsui,
and Harold Rorden,
Use of the phonograph and dicta
phone, for instruction in Spanish, is
being introduced in Northwestern Uni
versity by Professor Fracker.
All collegiate slang Is taboo at Syra
cuse University.
Tickets for the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet to be held in the Union
dining hall on May 10 were placed on
sale yesterday. Admission cards for!
the price of one dollar each will
sold to outsiders and club members.
Although final arrangements for the
speakers and music for the Evening
have not been made, an extensive pro
gram is planned. The banquet commit
tee includes Dorothy Verbarg, chair
man, and Ida Lundquist, Reidav Tor
jussen, Ada Roberts, Madeleine Doran,
Barbara Dewlaney, Bessie Jeong.
Tickets may be secured from Mary
Catherine Baldwin, Ida Lundquist,
Francis Hayashi, Tsong-Hsun Tsui,
and Harold Rorden,
Use of the phonograph and dicta
phone, for instruction in Spanish, is
being introduced in Northwestern Uni
versity by Professor Fracker.
All collegiate slang Is taboo at Syra
cuse University.
Tickets for the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet to be held in the Union
dining hall on May 10 were placed on
sale yesterday. Admission cards for!
the price of one dollar each will
sold to outsiders and club members.
Although final arrangements for the
speakers and music for the Evening
have not been made, an extensive pro
gram is planned. The banquet commit
tee includes Dorothy Verbarg, chair
man, and Ida Lundquist, Reidav Tor
jussen, Ada Roberts, Madeleine Doran,
Barbara Dewlaney, Bessie Jeong.
Tickets may be secured from Mary
Catherine Baldwin, Ida Lundquist,
Francis Hayashi, Tsong-Hsun Tsui,
and Harold Rorden,
Use of the phonograph and dicta
phone, for instruction in Spanish, is
being introduced in Northwestern Uni
versity by Professor Fracker.
All collegiate slang Is taboo at Syra
cuse University.
Tickets for the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet to be held in the Union
dining hall on May 10 were placed on
sale yesterday. Admission cards for!
the price of one dollar each will
sold to outsiders and club members.
Although final arrangements for the
speakers and music for the Evening
have not been made, an extensive pro
gram is planned. The banquet commit
tee includes Dorothy Verbarg, chair
man, and Ida Lundquist, Reidav Tor
jussen, Ada Roberts, Madeleine Doran,
Barbara Dewlaney, Bessie Jeong.
Tickets may be secured from Mary
Catherine Baldwin, Ida Lundquist,
Francis Hayashi, Tsong-Hsun Tsui,
and Harold Rorden,
Use of the phonograph and dicta
phone, for instruction in Spanish, is
being introduced in Northwestern Uni
versity by Professor Fracker.
All collegiate slang Is taboo at Syra
cuse University.
Tickets for the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet to be held in the Union
dining hall on May 10 were placed on
sale yesterday. Admission cards for!
the price of one dollar each will
sold to outsiders and club members.
Although final arrangements for the
speakers and music for the Evening
have not been made, an extensive pro
gram is planned. The banquet commit
tee includes Dorothy Verbarg, chair
man, and Ida Lundquist, Reidav Tor
jussen, Ada Roberts, Madeleine Doran,
Barbara Dewlaney, Bessie Jeong.
Tickets may be secured from Mary
Catherine Baldwin, Ida Lundquist,
Francis Hayashi, Tsong-Hsun Tsui,
and Harold Rorden,
Use of the phonograph and dicta
phone, for instruction in Spanish, is
being introduced in Northwestern Uni
versity by Professor Fracker.
All collegiate slang Is taboo at Syra
cuse University.
Tickets for the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet to be held in the Union
dining hall on May 10 were placed on
sale yesterday. Admission cards for!
the price of one dollar each will
sold to outsiders and club members.
Although final arrangements for the
speakers and music for the Evening
have not been made, an extensive pro
gram is planned. The banquet commit
tee includes Dorothy Verbarg, chair
man, and Ida Lundquist, Reidav Tor
jussen, Ada Roberts, Madeleine Doran,
Barbara Dewlaney, Bessie Jeong.
Tickets may be secured from Mary
Catherine Baldwin, Ida Lundquist,
Francis Hayashi, Tsong-Hsun Tsui,
and Harold Rorden,
Use of the phonograph and dicta
phone, for instruction in Spanish, is
being introduced in Northwestern Uni
versity by Professor Fracker.
All collegiate slang Is taboo at Syra
cuse University.
Tickets for the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet to be held in the Union
dining hall on May 10 were placed on
sale yesterday. Admission cards for!
the price of one dollar each will
sold to outsiders and club members.
Although final arrangements for the
speakers and music for the Evening
have not been made, an extensive pro
gram is planned. The banquet commit
tee includes Dorothy Verbarg, chair
man, and Ida Lundquist, Reidav Tor
jussen, Ada Roberts, Madeleine Doran,
Barbara Dewlaney, Bessie Jeong.
Tickets may be secured from Mary
Catherine Baldwin, Ida Lundquist,
Francis Hayashi, Tsong-Hsun Tsui,
and Harold Rorden,
Use of the phonograph and dicta
phone, for instruction in Spanish, is
being introduced in Northwestern Uni
versity by Professor Fracker.
All collegiate slang Is taboo at Syra
cuse University.
Tickets for the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet to be held in the Union
dining hall on May 10 were placed on
sale yesterday. Admission cards for!
the price of one dollar each will
sold to outsiders and club members.
Although final arrangements for the
speakers and music for the Evening
have not been made, an extensive pro
gram is planned. The banquet commit
tee includes Dorothy Verbarg, chair
man, and Ida Lundquist, Reidav Tor
jussen, Ada Roberts, Madeleine Doran,
Barbara Dewlaney, Bessie Jeong.
Tickets may be secured from Mary
Catherine Baldwin, Ida Lundquist,
Francis Hayashi, Tsong-Hsun Tsui,
and Harold Rorden,
Use of the phonograph and dicta
phone, for instruction in Spanish, is
being introduced in Northwestern Uni
versity by Professor Fracker.
All collegiate slang Is taboo at Syra
cuse University.
Tickets for the annual Cosmopolitan
Club banquet to be held in the Union
dining hall on May 10 were placed on
sale yesterday. Admission cards for!
the price of one dollar each will
sold to outsiders and club members.
Although final arrangements for the
speakers and music for the Evening
have not been made, an extensive pro
gram is planned. The banquet commit
tee includes Dorothy Verbarg, chair
man, and Ida Lundquist, Reidav Tor
jussen, Ada Roberts, Madeleine Doran,
Barbara Dewlaney, Bessie Jeong.
Tickets may be secured from Mary
Catherine Baldwin, Ida Lundquist,
Francis Hayashi, Tsong-Hsun Tsui,
and Harold Rorden,
Use of the phonograph and dicta
phone, for instruction in Spanish, is
being introduced in Northwestern Uni
versity by Professor Fracker.
All collegiate slang Is taboo at Syra
cuse University.
