# CARDINAL FIREMEN PREFER FLAMES TO UNNECESSARY TALK
## 
### 
Stanford's smoke-eaters have
announced to the world that they
crave flames but not conversa
tion. University residents who
believe that a fireman "knows all
and sees all" will now be forced
to use other sources for general
information.
Telephone calls are received at
the firehouse at all hours of the
night from worried parties who
want the time, a taxicab, some
body's house, or the Western
Union office. Midnight callers
are especially hard to convince
that the fire station is not the
power house or a radio station.
After once asleep, the firemen
object to the practice of hard
luck motorists waking them up in
the early hours of the morning to
obtain the precious gallon of
gasoline which will enable them
to reach home.
Stanford's smoke-eaters have
announced to the world that they
crave flames but not conversa
tion. University residents who
believe that a fireman "knows all
and sees all" will now be forced
to use other sources for general
information.
Telephone calls are received at
the firehouse at all hours of the
night from worried parties who
want the time, a taxicab, some
body's house, or the Western
Union office. Midnight callers
are especially hard to convince
that the fire station is not the
power house or a radio station.
After once asleep, the firemen
object to the practice of hard
luck motorists waking them up in
the early hours of the morning to
obtain the precious gallon of
gasoline which will enable them
to reach home.
Stanford's smoke-eaters have
announced to the world that they
crave flames but not conversa
tion. University residents who
believe that a fireman "knows all
and sees all" will now be forced
to use other sources for general
information.
Telephone calls are received at
the firehouse at all hours of the
night from worried parties who
want the time, a taxicab, some
body's house, or the Western
Union office. Midnight callers
are especially hard to convince
that the fire station is not the
power house or a radio station.
After once asleep, the firemen
object to the practice of hard
luck motorists waking them up in
the early hours of the morning to
obtain the precious gallon of
gasoline which will enable them
to reach home.
Stanford's smoke-eaters have
announced to the world that they
crave flames but not conversa
tion. University residents who
believe that a fireman "knows all
and sees all" will now be forced
to use other sources for general
information.
Telephone calls are received at
the firehouse at all hours of the
night from worried parties who
want the time, a taxicab, some
body's house, or the Western
Union office. Midnight callers
are especially hard to convince
that the fire station is not the
power house or a radio station.
After once asleep, the firemen
object to the practice of hard
luck motorists waking them up in
the early hours of the morning to
obtain the precious gallon of
gasoline which will enable them
to reach home.
Stanford's smoke-eaters have
announced to the world that they
crave flames but not conversa
tion. University residents who
believe that a fireman "knows all
and sees all" will now be forced
to use other sources for general
information.
Telephone calls are received at
the firehouse at all hours of the
night from worried parties who
want the time, a taxicab, some
body's house, or the Western
Union office. Midnight callers
are especially hard to convince
that the fire station is not the
power house or a radio station.
After once asleep, the firemen
object to the practice of hard
luck motorists waking them up in
the early hours of the morning to
obtain the precious gallon of
gasoline which will enable them
to reach home.
Stanford's smoke-eaters have
announced to the world that they
crave flames but not conversa
tion. University residents who
believe that a fireman "knows all
and sees all" will now be forced
to use other sources for general
information.
Telephone calls are received at
the firehouse at all hours of the
night from worried parties who
want the time, a taxicab, some
body's house, or the Western
Union office. Midnight callers
are especially hard to convince
that the fire station is not the
power house or a radio station.
After once asleep, the firemen
object to the practice of hard
luck motorists waking them up in
the early hours of the morning to
obtain the precious gallon of
gasoline which will enable them
to reach home.
Stanford's smoke-eaters have
announced to the world that they
crave flames but not conversa
tion. University residents who
believe that a fireman "knows all
and sees all" will now be forced
to use other sources for general
information.
Telephone calls are received at
the firehouse at all hours of the
night from worried parties who
want the time, a taxicab, some
body's house, or the Western
Union office. Midnight callers
are especially hard to convince
that the fire station is not the
power house or a radio station.
After once asleep, the firemen
object to the practice of hard
luck motorists waking them up in
the early hours of the morning to
obtain the precious gallon of
gasoline which will enable them
to reach home.
Stanford's smoke-eaters have
announced to the world that they
crave flames but not conversa
tion. University residents who
believe that a fireman "knows all
and sees all" will now be forced
to use other sources for general
information.
Telephone calls are received at
the firehouse at all hours of the
night from worried parties who
want the time, a taxicab, some
body's house, or the Western
Union office. Midnight callers
are especially hard to convince
that the fire station is not the
power house or a radio station.
After once asleep, the firemen
object to the practice of hard
luck motorists waking them up in
the early hours of the morning to
obtain the precious gallon of
gasoline which will enable them
to reach home.
Stanford's smoke-eaters have
announced to the world that they
crave flames but not conversa
tion. University residents who
believe that a fireman "knows all
and sees all" will now be forced
to use other sources for general
information.
Telephone calls are received at
the firehouse at all hours of the
night from worried parties who
want the time, a taxicab, some
body's house, or the Western
Union office. Midnight callers
are especially hard to convince
that the fire station is not the
power house or a radio station.
After once asleep, the firemen
object to the practice of hard
luck motorists waking them up in
the early hours of the morning to
obtain the precious gallon of
gasoline which will enable them
to reach home.
Stanford's smoke-eaters have
announced to the world that they
crave flames but not conversa
tion. University residents who
believe that a fireman "knows all
and sees all" will now be forced
to use other sources for general
information.
Telephone calls are received at
the firehouse at all hours of the
night from worried parties who
want the time, a taxicab, some
body's house, or the Western
Union office. Midnight callers
are especially hard to convince
that the fire station is not the
power house or a radio station.
After once asleep, the firemen
object to the practice of hard
luck motorists waking them up in
the early hours of the morning to
obtain the precious gallon of
gasoline which will enable them
to reach home.
Stanford's smoke-eaters have
announced to the world that they
crave flames but not conversa
tion. University residents who
believe that a fireman "knows all
and sees all" will now be forced
to use other sources for general
information.
Telephone calls are received at
the firehouse at all hours of the
night from worried parties who
want the time, a taxicab, some
body's house, or the Western
Union office. Midnight callers
are especially hard to convince
that the fire station is not the
power house or a radio station.
After once asleep, the firemen
object to the practice of hard
luck motorists waking them up in
the early hours of the morning to
obtain the precious gallon of
gasoline which will enable them
to reach home.
Stanford's smoke-eaters have
announced to the world that they
crave flames but not conversa
tion. University residents who
believe that a fireman "knows all
and sees all" will now be forced
to use other sources for general
information.
Telephone calls are received at
the firehouse at all hours of the
night from worried parties who
want the time, a taxicab, some
body's house, or the Western
Union office. Midnight callers
are especially hard to convince
that the fire station is not the
power house or a radio station.
After once asleep, the firemen
object to the practice of hard
luck motorists waking them up in
the early hours of the morning to
obtain the precious gallon of
gasoline which will enable them
to reach home.
Stanford's smoke-eaters have
announced to the world that they
crave flames but not conversa
tion. University residents who
believe that a fireman "knows all
and sees all" will now be forced
to use other sources for general
information.
Telephone calls are received at
the firehouse at all hours of the
night from worried parties who
want the time, a taxicab, some
body's house, or the Western
Union office. Midnight callers
are especially hard to convince
that the fire station is not the
power house or a radio station.
After once asleep, the firemen
object to the practice of hard
luck motorists waking them up in
the early hours of the morning to
obtain the precious gallon of
gasoline which will enable them
to reach home.
Stanford's smoke-eaters have
announced to the world that they
crave flames but not conversa
tion. University residents who
believe that a fireman "knows all
and sees all" will now be forced
to use other sources for general
information.
Telephone calls are received at
the firehouse at all hours of the
night from worried parties who
want the time, a taxicab, some
body's house, or the Western
Union office. Midnight callers
are especially hard to convince
that the fire station is not the
power house or a radio station.
After once asleep, the firemen
object to the practice of hard
luck motorists waking them up in
the early hours of the morning to
obtain the precious gallon of
gasoline which will enable them
to reach home.
