# Graduate Elected Fellow Of Science Association
## 
### 
Arthur S. Otis, '10', was recently
elected Fellow of the American Asso
ciation for the Advancement of Sci
ence. Otis, a psychology student, is
Psychological Editor of the World
Book Company.
Arthur S. Otis, '10', was recently
elected Fellow of the American Asso
ciation for the Advancement of Sci
ence. Otis, a psychology student, is
Psychological Editor of the World
Book Company.
Arthur S. Otis, '10', was recently
elected Fellow of the American Asso
ciation for the Advancement of Sci
ence. Otis, a psychology student, is
Psychological Editor of the World
Book Company.
Arthur S. Otis, '10', was recently
elected Fellow of the American Asso
ciation for the Advancement of Sci
ence. Otis, a psychology student, is
Psychological Editor of the World
Book Company.
Arthur S. Otis, '10', was recently
elected Fellow of the American Asso
ciation for the Advancement of Sci
ence. Otis, a psychology student, is
Psychological Editor of the World
Book Company.
Arthur S. Otis, '10', was recently
elected Fellow of the American Asso
ciation for the Advancement of Sci
ence. Otis, a psychology student, is
Psychological Editor of the World
Book Company.
Arthur S. Otis, '10', was recently
elected Fellow of the American Asso
ciation for the Advancement of Sci
ence. Otis, a psychology student, is
Psychological Editor of the World
Book Company.
Arthur S. Otis, '10', was recently
elected Fellow of the American Asso
ciation for the Advancement of Sci
ence. Otis, a psychology student, is
Psychological Editor of the World
Book Company.
Arthur S. Otis, '10', was recently
elected Fellow of the American Asso
ciation for the Advancement of Sci
ence. Otis, a psychology student, is
Psychological Editor of the World
Book Company.
Arthur S. Otis, '10', was recently
elected Fellow of the American Asso
ciation for the Advancement of Sci
ence. Otis, a psychology student, is
Psychological Editor of the World
Book Company.
Arthur S. Otis, '10', was recently
elected Fellow of the American Asso
ciation for the Advancement of Sci
ence. Otis, a psychology student, is
Psychological Editor of the World
Book Company.
Arthur S. Otis, '10', was recently
elected Fellow of the American Asso
ciation for the Advancement of Sci
ence. Otis, a psychology student, is
Psychological Editor of the World
Book Company.
Arthur S. Otis, '10', was recently
elected Fellow of the American Asso
ciation for the Advancement of Sci
ence. Otis, a psychology student, is
Psychological Editor of the World
Book Company.
Arthur S. Otis, '10', was recently
elected Fellow of the American Asso
ciation for the Advancement of Sci
ence. Otis, a psychology student, is
Psychological Editor of the World
Book Company.
