# BROUGHTON IN CONTEST
## 
### 
Representing California in the Na
tional Oratorical Contest, Phillip S.
Broughton, '27, will attend the semi
finals to be held at the Athens Club.
If successful here, he will go to the
College of the Pacific for the regional
finals in May. The national finals will
be held in Los Angeles in June.
Representing California in the Na
tional Oratorical Contest, Phillip S.
Broughton, '27, will attend the semi
finals to be held at the Athens Club.
If successful here, he will go to the
College of the Pacific for the regional
finals in May. The national finals will
be held in Los Angeles in June.
Representing California in the Na
tional Oratorical Contest, Phillip S.
Broughton, '27, will attend the semi
finals to be held at the Athens Club.
If successful here, he will go to the
College of the Pacific for the regional
finals in May. The national finals will
be held in Los Angeles in June.
Representing California in the Na
tional Oratorical Contest, Phillip S.
Broughton, '27, will attend the semi
finals to be held at the Athens Club.
If successful here, he will go to the
College of the Pacific for the regional
finals in May. The national finals will
be held in Los Angeles in June.
Representing California in the Na
tional Oratorical Contest, Phillip S.
Broughton, '27, will attend the semi
finals to be held at the Athens Club.
If successful here, he will go to the
College of the Pacific for the regional
finals in May. The national finals will
be held in Los Angeles in June.
Representing California in the Na
tional Oratorical Contest, Phillip S.
Broughton, '27, will attend the semi
finals to be held at the Athens Club.
If successful here, he will go to the
College of the Pacific for the regional
finals in May. The national finals will
be held in Los Angeles in June.
Representing California in the Na
tional Oratorical Contest, Phillip S.
Broughton, '27, will attend the semi
finals to be held at the Athens Club.
If successful here, he will go to the
College of the Pacific for the regional
finals in May. The national finals will
be held in Los Angeles in June.
Representing California in the Na
tional Oratorical Contest, Phillip S.
Broughton, '27, will attend the semi
finals to be held at the Athens Club.
If successful here, he will go to the
College of the Pacific for the regional
finals in May. The national finals will
be held in Los Angeles in June.
Representing California in the Na
tional Oratorical Contest, Phillip S.
Broughton, '27, will attend the semi
finals to be held at the Athens Club.
If successful here, he will go to the
College of the Pacific for the regional
finals in May. The national finals will
be held in Los Angeles in June.
Representing California in the Na
tional Oratorical Contest, Phillip S.
Broughton, '27, will attend the semi
finals to be held at the Athens Club.
If successful here, he will go to the
College of the Pacific for the regional
finals in May. The national finals will
be held in Los Angeles in June.
Representing California in the Na
tional Oratorical Contest, Phillip S.
Broughton, '27, will attend the semi
finals to be held at the Athens Club.
If successful here, he will go to the
College of the Pacific for the regional
finals in May. The national finals will
be held in Los Angeles in June.
Representing California in the Na
tional Oratorical Contest, Phillip S.
Broughton, '27, will attend the semi
finals to be held at the Athens Club.
If successful here, he will go to the
College of the Pacific for the regional
finals in May. The national finals will
be held in Los Angeles in June.
Representing California in the Na
tional Oratorical Contest, Phillip S.
Broughton, '27, will attend the semi
finals to be held at the Athens Club.
If successful here, he will go to the
College of the Pacific for the regional
finals in May. The national finals will
be held in Los Angeles in June.
Representing California in the Na
tional Oratorical Contest, Phillip S.
Broughton, '27, will attend the semi
finals to be held at the Athens Club.
If successful here, he will go to the
College of the Pacific for the regional
finals in May. The national finals will
be held in Los Angeles in June.
