# Adv. 12 Page 5
## 
### 
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are due at
noon two business days
before the date of publica
tion. For example, informa
tion for Tuesday's OATQ
must be in by noon Friday.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are due at
noon two business days
before the date of publica
tion. For example, informa
tion for Tuesday's OATQ
must be in by noon Friday.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are due at
noon two business days
before the date of publica
tion. For example, informa
tion for Tuesday's OATQ
must be in by noon Friday.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are due at
noon two business days
before the date of publica
tion. For example, informa
tion for Tuesday's OATQ
must be in by noon Friday.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are due at
noon two business days
before the date of publica
tion. For example, informa
tion for Tuesday's OATQ
must be in by noon Friday.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are due at
noon two business days
before the date of publica
tion. For example, informa
tion for Tuesday's OATQ
must be in by noon Friday.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are due at
noon two business days
before the date of publica
tion. For example, informa
tion for Tuesday's OATQ
must be in by noon Friday.
Once Around the Quad an
nouncements are due at
noon two business days
before the date of publica
tion. For example, informa
tion for Tuesday's OATQ
must be in by noon Friday.
