# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Henry C. Stevenson, '28, and Mary
Dennis Searles were married in San
Francisco on September 29. Stevenson
belongs to Sigma Alpha Epsilon fra
tornity.
Henry C. Stevenson, '28, and Mary
Dennis Searles were married in San
Francisco on September 29. Stevenson
belongs to Sigma Alpha Epsilon fra
tornity.
Henry C. Stevenson, '28, and Mary
Dennis Searles were married in San
Francisco on September 29. Stevenson
belongs to Sigma Alpha Epsilon fra
tornity.
Henry C. Stevenson, '28, and Mary
Dennis Searles were married in San
Francisco on September 29. Stevenson
belongs to Sigma Alpha Epsilon fra
tornity.
Henry C. Stevenson, '28, and Mary
Dennis Searles were married in San
Francisco on September 29. Stevenson
belongs to Sigma Alpha Epsilon fra
tornity.
Henry C. Stevenson, '28, and Mary
Dennis Searles were married in San
Francisco on September 29. Stevenson
belongs to Sigma Alpha Epsilon fra
tornity.
Henry C. Stevenson, '28, and Mary
Dennis Searles were married in San
Francisco on September 29. Stevenson
belongs to Sigma Alpha Epsilon fra
tornity.
Henry C. Stevenson, '28, and Mary
Dennis Searles were married in San
Francisco on September 29. Stevenson
belongs to Sigma Alpha Epsilon fra
tornity.
Henry C. Stevenson, '28, and Mary
Dennis Searles were married in San
Francisco on September 29. Stevenson
belongs to Sigma Alpha Epsilon fra
tornity.
Henry C. Stevenson, '28, and Mary
Dennis Searles were married in San
Francisco on September 29. Stevenson
belongs to Sigma Alpha Epsilon fra
tornity.
Henry C. Stevenson, '28, and Mary
Dennis Searles were married in San
Francisco on September 29. Stevenson
belongs to Sigma Alpha Epsilon fra
tornity.
Henry C. Stevenson, '28, and Mary
Dennis Searles were married in San
Francisco on September 29. Stevenson
belongs to Sigma Alpha Epsilon fra
tornity.
Henry C. Stevenson, '28, and Mary
Dennis Searles were married in San
Francisco on September 29. Stevenson
belongs to Sigma Alpha Epsilon fra
tornity.
Henry C. Stevenson, '28, and Mary
Dennis Searles were married in San
Francisco on September 29. Stevenson
belongs to Sigma Alpha Epsilon fra
tornity.
Henry C. Stevenson, '28, and Mary
Dennis Searles were married in San
Francisco on September 29. Stevenson
belongs to Sigma Alpha Epsilon fra
tornity.
