# COUNCIL MEETS
## 
### 
Women's Council will hold its
weekly meeting today at 4 o'clock
in the Ex Committee Room of the
Old Union.
Women's Council will hold its
weekly meeting today at 4 o'clock
in the Ex Committee Room of the
Old Union.
Women's Council will hold its
weekly meeting today at 4 o'clock
in the Ex Committee Room of the
Old Union.
Women's Council will hold its
weekly meeting today at 4 o'clock
in the Ex Committee Room of the
Old Union.
Women's Council will hold its
weekly meeting today at 4 o'clock
in the Ex Committee Room of the
Old Union.
Women's Council will hold its
weekly meeting today at 4 o'clock
in the Ex Committee Room of the
Old Union.
Women's Council will hold its
weekly meeting today at 4 o'clock
in the Ex Committee Room of the
Old Union.
Women's Council will hold its
weekly meeting today at 4 o'clock
in the Ex Committee Room of the
Old Union.
Women's Council will hold its
weekly meeting today at 4 o'clock
in the Ex Committee Room of the
Old Union.
Women's Council will hold its
weekly meeting today at 4 o'clock
in the Ex Committee Room of the
Old Union.
Women's Council will hold its
weekly meeting today at 4 o'clock
in the Ex Committee Room of the
Old Union.
Women's Council will hold its
weekly meeting today at 4 o'clock
in the Ex Committee Room of the
Old Union.
Women's Council will hold its
weekly meeting today at 4 o'clock
in the Ex Committee Room of the
Old Union.
Women's Council will hold its
weekly meeting today at 4 o'clock
in the Ex Committee Room of the
Old Union.
Women's Council will hold its
weekly meeting today at 4 o'clock
in the Ex Committee Room of the
Old Union.
