# Canal Forces Salute President
## 
### 

United tSat«> soldiers stand at attention as the cruiser Houston, bearing President Roosevelt on his vaca
tion cruise, pa w.es through the Panama ( anal. Imrne diatcly after leaving the canal the Houston was plunged
into the center «ol a tropical storm and under lull speed was expected to arrive 111 Charleston, S.C , this
morning. (Associated Press Photo.)

United tSat«> soldiers stand at attention as the cruiser Houston, bearing President Roosevelt on his vaca
tion cruise, pa w.es through the Panama ( anal. Imrne diatcly after leaving the canal the Houston was plunged
into the center «ol a tropical storm and under lull speed was expected to arrive 111 Charleston, S.C , this
morning. (Associated Press Photo.)

United tSat«> soldiers stand at attention as the cruiser Houston, bearing President Roosevelt on his vaca
tion cruise, pa w.es through the Panama ( anal. Imrne diatcly after leaving the canal the Houston was plunged
into the center «ol a tropical storm and under lull speed was expected to arrive 111 Charleston, S.C , this
morning. (Associated Press Photo.)

United tSat«> soldiers stand at attention as the cruiser Houston, bearing President Roosevelt on his vaca
tion cruise, pa w.es through the Panama ( anal. Imrne diatcly after leaving the canal the Houston was plunged
into the center «ol a tropical storm and under lull speed was expected to arrive 111 Charleston, S.C , this
morning. (Associated Press Photo.)

United tSat«> soldiers stand at attention as the cruiser Houston, bearing President Roosevelt on his vaca
tion cruise, pa w.es through the Panama ( anal. Imrne diatcly after leaving the canal the Houston was plunged
into the center «ol a tropical storm and under lull speed was expected to arrive 111 Charleston, S.C , this
morning. (Associated Press Photo.)

United tSat«> soldiers stand at attention as the cruiser Houston, bearing President Roosevelt on his vaca
tion cruise, pa w.es through the Panama ( anal. Imrne diatcly after leaving the canal the Houston was plunged
into the center «ol a tropical storm and under lull speed was expected to arrive 111 Charleston, S.C , this
morning. (Associated Press Photo.)

United tSat«> soldiers stand at attention as the cruiser Houston, bearing President Roosevelt on his vaca
tion cruise, pa w.es through the Panama ( anal. Imrne diatcly after leaving the canal the Houston was plunged
into the center «ol a tropical storm and under lull speed was expected to arrive 111 Charleston, S.C , this
morning. (Associated Press Photo.)

United tSat«> soldiers stand at attention as the cruiser Houston, bearing President Roosevelt on his vaca
tion cruise, pa w.es through the Panama ( anal. Imrne diatcly after leaving the canal the Houston was plunged
into the center «ol a tropical storm and under lull speed was expected to arrive 111 Charleston, S.C , this
morning. (Associated Press Photo.)

United tSat«> soldiers stand at attention as the cruiser Houston, bearing President Roosevelt on his vaca
tion cruise, pa w.es through the Panama ( anal. Imrne diatcly after leaving the canal the Houston was plunged
into the center «ol a tropical storm and under lull speed was expected to arrive 111 Charleston, S.C , this
morning. (Associated Press Photo.)

United tSat«> soldiers stand at attention as the cruiser Houston, bearing President Roosevelt on his vaca
tion cruise, pa w.es through the Panama ( anal. Imrne diatcly after leaving the canal the Houston was plunged
into the center «ol a tropical storm and under lull speed was expected to arrive 111 Charleston, S.C , this
morning. (Associated Press Photo.)

United tSat«> soldiers stand at attention as the cruiser Houston, bearing President Roosevelt on his vaca
tion cruise, pa w.es through the Panama ( anal. Imrne diatcly after leaving the canal the Houston was plunged
into the center «ol a tropical storm and under lull speed was expected to arrive 111 Charleston, S.C , this
morning. (Associated Press Photo.)

United tSat«> soldiers stand at attention as the cruiser Houston, bearing President Roosevelt on his vaca
tion cruise, pa w.es through the Panama ( anal. Imrne diatcly after leaving the canal the Houston was plunged
into the center «ol a tropical storm and under lull speed was expected to arrive 111 Charleston, S.C , this
morning. (Associated Press Photo.)

United tSat«> soldiers stand at attention as the cruiser Houston, bearing President Roosevelt on his vaca
tion cruise, pa w.es through the Panama ( anal. Imrne diatcly after leaving the canal the Houston was plunged
into the center «ol a tropical storm and under lull speed was expected to arrive 111 Charleston, S.C , this
morning. (Associated Press Photo.)

United tSat«> soldiers stand at attention as the cruiser Houston, bearing President Roosevelt on his vaca
tion cruise, pa w.es through the Panama ( anal. Imrne diatcly after leaving the canal the Houston was plunged
into the center «ol a tropical storm and under lull speed was expected to arrive 111 Charleston, S.C , this
morning. (Associated Press Photo.)

United tSat«> soldiers stand at attention as the cruiser Houston, bearing President Roosevelt on his vaca
tion cruise, pa w.es through the Panama ( anal. Imrne diatcly after leaving the canal the Houston was plunged
into the center «ol a tropical storm and under lull speed was expected to arrive 111 Charleston, S.C , this
morning. (Associated Press Photo.)
