# NOTICE
## 
### 
The Quadrangle Club is having dif
ficulty in getting enough timers for
tomorrow's Marathon. All men who
have stop-watches are requested to
communicate with either P. C. Brown,
'It or L. D. Summerfield, '12, imme
diately.
The Quadrangle Club is having dif
ficulty in getting enough timers for
tomorrow's Marathon. All men who
have stop-watches are requested to
communicate with either P. C. Brown,
'It or L. D. Summerfield, '12, imme
diately.
The Quadrangle Club is having dif
ficulty in getting enough timers for
tomorrow's Marathon. All men who
have stop-watches are requested to
communicate with either P. C. Brown,
'It or L. D. Summerfield, '12, imme
diately.
The Quadrangle Club is having dif
ficulty in getting enough timers for
tomorrow's Marathon. All men who
have stop-watches are requested to
communicate with either P. C. Brown,
'It or L. D. Summerfield, '12, imme
diately.
The Quadrangle Club is having dif
ficulty in getting enough timers for
tomorrow's Marathon. All men who
have stop-watches are requested to
communicate with either P. C. Brown,
'It or L. D. Summerfield, '12, imme
diately.
The Quadrangle Club is having dif
ficulty in getting enough timers for
tomorrow's Marathon. All men who
have stop-watches are requested to
communicate with either P. C. Brown,
'It or L. D. Summerfield, '12, imme
diately.
The Quadrangle Club is having dif
ficulty in getting enough timers for
tomorrow's Marathon. All men who
have stop-watches are requested to
communicate with either P. C. Brown,
'It or L. D. Summerfield, '12, imme
diately.
The Quadrangle Club is having dif
ficulty in getting enough timers for
tomorrow's Marathon. All men who
have stop-watches are requested to
communicate with either P. C. Brown,
'It or L. D. Summerfield, '12, imme
diately.
The Quadrangle Club is having dif
ficulty in getting enough timers for
tomorrow's Marathon. All men who
have stop-watches are requested to
communicate with either P. C. Brown,
'It or L. D. Summerfield, '12, imme
diately.
The Quadrangle Club is having dif
ficulty in getting enough timers for
tomorrow's Marathon. All men who
have stop-watches are requested to
communicate with either P. C. Brown,
'It or L. D. Summerfield, '12, imme
diately.
The Quadrangle Club is having dif
ficulty in getting enough timers for
tomorrow's Marathon. All men who
have stop-watches are requested to
communicate with either P. C. Brown,
'It or L. D. Summerfield, '12, imme
diately.
The Quadrangle Club is having dif
ficulty in getting enough timers for
tomorrow's Marathon. All men who
have stop-watches are requested to
communicate with either P. C. Brown,
'It or L. D. Summerfield, '12, imme
diately.
The Quadrangle Club is having dif
ficulty in getting enough timers for
tomorrow's Marathon. All men who
have stop-watches are requested to
communicate with either P. C. Brown,
'It or L. D. Summerfield, '12, imme
diately.
The Quadrangle Club is having dif
ficulty in getting enough timers for
tomorrow's Marathon. All men who
have stop-watches are requested to
communicate with either P. C. Brown,
'It or L. D. Summerfield, '12, imme
diately.
