# Four U.S.C. Teams Come North.
## 
### 
University of Southern California
will invade the north this week with
representatives in four branches of
sports Including track, baseball, ten
nis and basketball. The southerners
are bringing twenty-two men on the
track team and will meet the Califor
nia Freshmen on Saturday and Stan
ford on April 3. The U. S. C. nine
have a series of three sanies sched
uled with the Berkeley baseball team
but will not play Stanford.
University of Southern California
will invade the north this week with
representatives in four branches of
sports Including track, baseball, ten
nis and basketball. The southerners
are bringing twenty-two men on the
track team and will meet the Califor
nia Freshmen on Saturday and Stan
ford on April 3. The U. S. C. nine
have a series of three sanies sched
uled with the Berkeley baseball team
but will not play Stanford.
University of Southern California
will invade the north this week with
representatives in four branches of
sports Including track, baseball, ten
nis and basketball. The southerners
are bringing twenty-two men on the
track team and will meet the Califor
nia Freshmen on Saturday and Stan
ford on April 3. The U. S. C. nine
have a series of three sanies sched
uled with the Berkeley baseball team
but will not play Stanford.
University of Southern California
will invade the north this week with
representatives in four branches of
sports Including track, baseball, ten
nis and basketball. The southerners
are bringing twenty-two men on the
track team and will meet the Califor
nia Freshmen on Saturday and Stan
ford on April 3. The U. S. C. nine
have a series of three sanies sched
uled with the Berkeley baseball team
but will not play Stanford.
University of Southern California
will invade the north this week with
representatives in four branches of
sports Including track, baseball, ten
nis and basketball. The southerners
are bringing twenty-two men on the
track team and will meet the Califor
nia Freshmen on Saturday and Stan
ford on April 3. The U. S. C. nine
have a series of three sanies sched
uled with the Berkeley baseball team
but will not play Stanford.
University of Southern California
will invade the north this week with
representatives in four branches of
sports Including track, baseball, ten
nis and basketball. The southerners
are bringing twenty-two men on the
track team and will meet the Califor
nia Freshmen on Saturday and Stan
ford on April 3. The U. S. C. nine
have a series of three sanies sched
uled with the Berkeley baseball team
but will not play Stanford.
University of Southern California
will invade the north this week with
representatives in four branches of
sports Including track, baseball, ten
nis and basketball. The southerners
are bringing twenty-two men on the
track team and will meet the Califor
nia Freshmen on Saturday and Stan
ford on April 3. The U. S. C. nine
have a series of three sanies sched
uled with the Berkeley baseball team
but will not play Stanford.
University of Southern California
will invade the north this week with
representatives in four branches of
sports Including track, baseball, ten
nis and basketball. The southerners
are bringing twenty-two men on the
track team and will meet the Califor
nia Freshmen on Saturday and Stan
ford on April 3. The U. S. C. nine
have a series of three sanies sched
uled with the Berkeley baseball team
but will not play Stanford.
University of Southern California
will invade the north this week with
representatives in four branches of
sports Including track, baseball, ten
nis and basketball. The southerners
are bringing twenty-two men on the
track team and will meet the Califor
nia Freshmen on Saturday and Stan
ford on April 3. The U. S. C. nine
have a series of three sanies sched
uled with the Berkeley baseball team
but will not play Stanford.
University of Southern California
will invade the north this week with
representatives in four branches of
sports Including track, baseball, ten
nis and basketball. The southerners
are bringing twenty-two men on the
track team and will meet the Califor
nia Freshmen on Saturday and Stan
ford on April 3. The U. S. C. nine
have a series of three sanies sched
uled with the Berkeley baseball team
but will not play Stanford.
University of Southern California
will invade the north this week with
representatives in four branches of
sports Including track, baseball, ten
nis and basketball. The southerners
are bringing twenty-two men on the
track team and will meet the Califor
nia Freshmen on Saturday and Stan
ford on April 3. The U. S. C. nine
have a series of three sanies sched
uled with the Berkeley baseball team
but will not play Stanford.
University of Southern California
will invade the north this week with
representatives in four branches of
sports Including track, baseball, ten
nis and basketball. The southerners
are bringing twenty-two men on the
track team and will meet the Califor
nia Freshmen on Saturday and Stan
ford on April 3. The U. S. C. nine
have a series of three sanies sched
uled with the Berkeley baseball team
but will not play Stanford.
University of Southern California
will invade the north this week with
representatives in four branches of
sports Including track, baseball, ten
nis and basketball. The southerners
are bringing twenty-two men on the
track team and will meet the Califor
nia Freshmen on Saturday and Stan
ford on April 3. The U. S. C. nine
have a series of three sanies sched
uled with the Berkeley baseball team
but will not play Stanford.
University of Southern California
will invade the north this week with
representatives in four branches of
sports Including track, baseball, ten
nis and basketball. The southerners
are bringing twenty-two men on the
track team and will meet the Califor
nia Freshmen on Saturday and Stan
ford on April 3. The U. S. C. nine
have a series of three sanies sched
uled with the Berkeley baseball team
but will not play Stanford.
