# Announcements.
## 
### 
Holdovers: —Meet at track house at
at 9:00; bring paraphernalia.
Intorscliolastic Hoard of Governors:
—Meet 1:15 Friday instead of Satur
day at Dr. Angell's office.
Holdovers: —Meet at track house at
at 9:00; bring paraphernalia.
Intorscliolastic Hoard of Governors:
—Meet 1:15 Friday instead of Satur
day at Dr. Angell's office.
Holdovers: —Meet at track house at
at 9:00; bring paraphernalia.
Intorscliolastic Hoard of Governors:
—Meet 1:15 Friday instead of Satur
day at Dr. Angell's office.
Holdovers: —Meet at track house at
at 9:00; bring paraphernalia.
Intorscliolastic Hoard of Governors:
—Meet 1:15 Friday instead of Satur
day at Dr. Angell's office.
Holdovers: —Meet at track house at
at 9:00; bring paraphernalia.
Intorscliolastic Hoard of Governors:
—Meet 1:15 Friday instead of Satur
day at Dr. Angell's office.
Holdovers: —Meet at track house at
at 9:00; bring paraphernalia.
Intorscliolastic Hoard of Governors:
—Meet 1:15 Friday instead of Satur
day at Dr. Angell's office.
Holdovers: —Meet at track house at
at 9:00; bring paraphernalia.
Intorscliolastic Hoard of Governors:
—Meet 1:15 Friday instead of Satur
day at Dr. Angell's office.
Holdovers: —Meet at track house at
at 9:00; bring paraphernalia.
Intorscliolastic Hoard of Governors:
—Meet 1:15 Friday instead of Satur
day at Dr. Angell's office.
Holdovers: —Meet at track house at
at 9:00; bring paraphernalia.
Intorscliolastic Hoard of Governors:
—Meet 1:15 Friday instead of Satur
day at Dr. Angell's office.
Holdovers: —Meet at track house at
at 9:00; bring paraphernalia.
Intorscliolastic Hoard of Governors:
—Meet 1:15 Friday instead of Satur
day at Dr. Angell's office.
Holdovers: —Meet at track house at
at 9:00; bring paraphernalia.
Intorscliolastic Hoard of Governors:
—Meet 1:15 Friday instead of Satur
day at Dr. Angell's office.
Holdovers: —Meet at track house at
at 9:00; bring paraphernalia.
Intorscliolastic Hoard of Governors:
—Meet 1:15 Friday instead of Satur
day at Dr. Angell's office.
Holdovers: —Meet at track house at
at 9:00; bring paraphernalia.
Intorscliolastic Hoard of Governors:
—Meet 1:15 Friday instead of Satur
day at Dr. Angell's office.
Holdovers: —Meet at track house at
at 9:00; bring paraphernalia.
Intorscliolastic Hoard of Governors:
—Meet 1:15 Friday instead of Satur
day at Dr. Angell's office.
