# INSIDE
## 
### 
Wait and see
Women's soccer finishes
season with a tie, awaits
playoff call.
See Sports Monday, page 9

To be seen
Freed ANC leaders are wel
comed by 70,000 in South
Africa.
See World & Nation, page 3

Unseen
A new book shows a differ
ent side of N.C. State bas
ketball Coach Jim Valvano.
See Books, page 7

Wait and see
Women's soccer finishes
season with a tie, awaits
playoff call.
See Sports Monday, page 9

To be seen
Freed ANC leaders are wel
comed by 70,000 in South
Africa.
See World & Nation, page 3

Unseen
A new book shows a differ
ent side of N.C. State bas
ketball Coach Jim Valvano.
See Books, page 7

Wait and see
Women's soccer finishes
season with a tie, awaits
playoff call.
See Sports Monday, page 9

To be seen
Freed ANC leaders are wel
comed by 70,000 in South
Africa.
See World & Nation, page 3

Unseen
A new book shows a differ
ent side of N.C. State bas
ketball Coach Jim Valvano.
See Books, page 7

Wait and see
Women's soccer finishes
season with a tie, awaits
playoff call.
See Sports Monday, page 9

To be seen
Freed ANC leaders are wel
comed by 70,000 in South
Africa.
See World & Nation, page 3

Unseen
A new book shows a differ
ent side of N.C. State bas
ketball Coach Jim Valvano.
See Books, page 7

Wait and see
Women's soccer finishes
season with a tie, awaits
playoff call.
See Sports Monday, page 9

To be seen
Freed ANC leaders are wel
comed by 70,000 in South
Africa.
See World & Nation, page 3

Unseen
A new book shows a differ
ent side of N.C. State bas
ketball Coach Jim Valvano.
See Books, page 7

Wait and see
Women's soccer finishes
season with a tie, awaits
playoff call.
See Sports Monday, page 9

To be seen
Freed ANC leaders are wel
comed by 70,000 in South
Africa.
See World & Nation, page 3

Unseen
A new book shows a differ
ent side of N.C. State bas
ketball Coach Jim Valvano.
See Books, page 7

Wait and see
Women's soccer finishes
season with a tie, awaits
playoff call.
See Sports Monday, page 9

To be seen
Freed ANC leaders are wel
comed by 70,000 in South
Africa.
See World & Nation, page 3

Unseen
A new book shows a differ
ent side of N.C. State bas
ketball Coach Jim Valvano.
See Books, page 7

Wait and see
Women's soccer finishes
season with a tie, awaits
playoff call.
See Sports Monday, page 9

To be seen
Freed ANC leaders are wel
comed by 70,000 in South
Africa.
See World & Nation, page 3

Unseen
A new book shows a differ
ent side of N.C. State bas
ketball Coach Jim Valvano.
See Books, page 7

