# Adv. 10 Page 4
## 
### 
ASSU
CHARTER
FLIGHTS
Balance of payments due
on Overseas Flights by
Thursday at 3 p.m.
ASSU TRAVEL
SERVICE
Ext. 4437
Office Hours 10-3
ASSU
CHARTER
FLIGHTS
Balance of payments due
on Overseas Flights by
Thursday at 3 p.m.
ASSU TRAVEL
SERVICE
Ext. 4437
Office Hours 10-3
ASSU
CHARTER
FLIGHTS
Balance of payments due
on Overseas Flights by
Thursday at 3 p.m.
ASSU TRAVEL
SERVICE
Ext. 4437
Office Hours 10-3
ASSU
CHARTER
FLIGHTS
Balance of payments due
on Overseas Flights by
Thursday at 3 p.m.
ASSU TRAVEL
SERVICE
Ext. 4437
Office Hours 10-3
ASSU
CHARTER
FLIGHTS
Balance of payments due
on Overseas Flights by
Thursday at 3 p.m.
ASSU TRAVEL
SERVICE
Ext. 4437
Office Hours 10-3
ASSU
CHARTER
FLIGHTS
Balance of payments due
on Overseas Flights by
Thursday at 3 p.m.
ASSU TRAVEL
SERVICE
Ext. 4437
Office Hours 10-3
ASSU
CHARTER
FLIGHTS
Balance of payments due
on Overseas Flights by
Thursday at 3 p.m.
ASSU TRAVEL
SERVICE
Ext. 4437
Office Hours 10-3
ASSU
CHARTER
FLIGHTS
Balance of payments due
on Overseas Flights by
Thursday at 3 p.m.
ASSU TRAVEL
SERVICE
Ext. 4437
Office Hours 10-3
ASSU
CHARTER
FLIGHTS
Balance of payments due
on Overseas Flights by
Thursday at 3 p.m.
ASSU TRAVEL
SERVICE
Ext. 4437
Office Hours 10-3
ASSU
CHARTER
FLIGHTS
Balance of payments due
on Overseas Flights by
Thursday at 3 p.m.
ASSU TRAVEL
SERVICE
Ext. 4437
Office Hours 10-3
ASSU
CHARTER
FLIGHTS
Balance of payments due
on Overseas Flights by
Thursday at 3 p.m.
ASSU TRAVEL
SERVICE
Ext. 4437
Office Hours 10-3
ASSU
CHARTER
FLIGHTS
Balance of payments due
on Overseas Flights by
Thursday at 3 p.m.
ASSU TRAVEL
SERVICE
Ext. 4437
Office Hours 10-3
ASSU
CHARTER
FLIGHTS
Balance of payments due
on Overseas Flights by
Thursday at 3 p.m.
ASSU TRAVEL
SERVICE
Ext. 4437
Office Hours 10-3
ASSU
CHARTER
FLIGHTS
Balance of payments due
on Overseas Flights by
Thursday at 3 p.m.
ASSU TRAVEL
SERVICE
Ext. 4437
Office Hours 10-3
