# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
GAS WEEK!
May Ist to 7th
$18.00
Thermostat Free!
On Any Wedgewood Gas Range
selling for $100.00 or more.
We have a few discontinued
models at reduced prices.
Easy Terms.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
300 University Ave. Phone 12
GAS WEEK!
May Ist to 7th
$18.00
Thermostat Free!
On Any Wedgewood Gas Range
selling for $100.00 or more.
We have a few discontinued
models at reduced prices.
Easy Terms.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
300 University Ave. Phone 12
GAS WEEK!
May Ist to 7th
$18.00
Thermostat Free!
On Any Wedgewood Gas Range
selling for $100.00 or more.
We have a few discontinued
models at reduced prices.
Easy Terms.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
300 University Ave. Phone 12
GAS WEEK!
May Ist to 7th
$18.00
Thermostat Free!
On Any Wedgewood Gas Range
selling for $100.00 or more.
We have a few discontinued
models at reduced prices.
Easy Terms.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
300 University Ave. Phone 12
GAS WEEK!
May Ist to 7th
$18.00
Thermostat Free!
On Any Wedgewood Gas Range
selling for $100.00 or more.
We have a few discontinued
models at reduced prices.
Easy Terms.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
300 University Ave. Phone 12
GAS WEEK!
May Ist to 7th
$18.00
Thermostat Free!
On Any Wedgewood Gas Range
selling for $100.00 or more.
We have a few discontinued
models at reduced prices.
Easy Terms.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
300 University Ave. Phone 12
GAS WEEK!
May Ist to 7th
$18.00
Thermostat Free!
On Any Wedgewood Gas Range
selling for $100.00 or more.
We have a few discontinued
models at reduced prices.
Easy Terms.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
300 University Ave. Phone 12
GAS WEEK!
May Ist to 7th
$18.00
Thermostat Free!
On Any Wedgewood Gas Range
selling for $100.00 or more.
We have a few discontinued
models at reduced prices.
Easy Terms.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
300 University Ave. Phone 12
GAS WEEK!
May Ist to 7th
$18.00
Thermostat Free!
On Any Wedgewood Gas Range
selling for $100.00 or more.
We have a few discontinued
models at reduced prices.
Easy Terms.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
300 University Ave. Phone 12
GAS WEEK!
May Ist to 7th
$18.00
Thermostat Free!
On Any Wedgewood Gas Range
selling for $100.00 or more.
We have a few discontinued
models at reduced prices.
Easy Terms.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
300 University Ave. Phone 12
GAS WEEK!
May Ist to 7th
$18.00
Thermostat Free!
On Any Wedgewood Gas Range
selling for $100.00 or more.
We have a few discontinued
models at reduced prices.
Easy Terms.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
300 University Ave. Phone 12
GAS WEEK!
May Ist to 7th
$18.00
Thermostat Free!
On Any Wedgewood Gas Range
selling for $100.00 or more.
We have a few discontinued
models at reduced prices.
Easy Terms.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
300 University Ave. Phone 12
GAS WEEK!
May Ist to 7th
$18.00
Thermostat Free!
On Any Wedgewood Gas Range
selling for $100.00 or more.
We have a few discontinued
models at reduced prices.
Easy Terms.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
300 University Ave. Phone 12
GAS WEEK!
May Ist to 7th
$18.00
Thermostat Free!
On Any Wedgewood Gas Range
selling for $100.00 or more.
We have a few discontinued
models at reduced prices.
Easy Terms.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
300 University Ave. Phone 12
GAS WEEK!
May Ist to 7th
$18.00
Thermostat Free!
On Any Wedgewood Gas Range
selling for $100.00 or more.
We have a few discontinued
models at reduced prices.
Easy Terms.
PALO ALTO
FURNITURE CO.
300 University Ave. Phone 12
