# Untitled Article
## 
### 
R.O.T.C. drill will be held to
morrow. It was previously an
nounced that drill would not be
held due to University Lrfbor Day
at the Convalescent Home, whicli
has been changed to Wednesday,
May 11.
R.O.T.C. drill will be held to
morrow. It was previously an
nounced that drill would not be
held due to University Lrfbor Day
at the Convalescent Home, whicli
has been changed to Wednesday,
May 11.
R.O.T.C. drill will be held to
morrow. It was previously an
nounced that drill would not be
held due to University Lrfbor Day
at the Convalescent Home, whicli
has been changed to Wednesday,
May 11.
R.O.T.C. drill will be held to
morrow. It was previously an
nounced that drill would not be
held due to University Lrfbor Day
at the Convalescent Home, whicli
has been changed to Wednesday,
May 11.
R.O.T.C. drill will be held to
morrow. It was previously an
nounced that drill would not be
held due to University Lrfbor Day
at the Convalescent Home, whicli
has been changed to Wednesday,
May 11.
R.O.T.C. drill will be held to
morrow. It was previously an
nounced that drill would not be
held due to University Lrfbor Day
at the Convalescent Home, whicli
has been changed to Wednesday,
May 11.
R.O.T.C. drill will be held to
morrow. It was previously an
nounced that drill would not be
held due to University Lrfbor Day
at the Convalescent Home, whicli
has been changed to Wednesday,
May 11.
R.O.T.C. drill will be held to
morrow. It was previously an
nounced that drill would not be
held due to University Lrfbor Day
at the Convalescent Home, whicli
has been changed to Wednesday,
May 11.
R.O.T.C. drill will be held to
morrow. It was previously an
nounced that drill would not be
held due to University Lrfbor Day
at the Convalescent Home, whicli
has been changed to Wednesday,
May 11.
R.O.T.C. drill will be held to
morrow. It was previously an
nounced that drill would not be
held due to University Lrfbor Day
at the Convalescent Home, whicli
has been changed to Wednesday,
May 11.
R.O.T.C. drill will be held to
morrow. It was previously an
nounced that drill would not be
held due to University Lrfbor Day
at the Convalescent Home, whicli
has been changed to Wednesday,
May 11.
R.O.T.C. drill will be held to
morrow. It was previously an
nounced that drill would not be
held due to University Lrfbor Day
at the Convalescent Home, whicli
has been changed to Wednesday,
May 11.
R.O.T.C. drill will be held to
morrow. It was previously an
nounced that drill would not be
held due to University Lrfbor Day
at the Convalescent Home, whicli
has been changed to Wednesday,
May 11.
R.O.T.C. drill will be held to
morrow. It was previously an
nounced that drill would not be
held due to University Lrfbor Day
at the Convalescent Home, whicli
has been changed to Wednesday,
May 11.
R.O.T.C. drill will be held to
morrow. It was previously an
nounced that drill would not be
held due to University Lrfbor Day
at the Convalescent Home, whicli
has been changed to Wednesday,
May 11.
