# Graduate Students' Club Postpones Second Meeting
## 
### 
The second meeting of the Graduate
Students' Club, which was scheduled
to be held this week, has been post
poned. The meeting will be held some
time next week in th Women's Club
hous. A card party and dance are
planned.
The second meeting of the Graduate
Students' Club, which was scheduled
to be held this week, has been post
poned. The meeting will be held some
time next week in th Women's Club
hous. A card party and dance are
planned.
The second meeting of the Graduate
Students' Club, which was scheduled
to be held this week, has been post
poned. The meeting will be held some
time next week in th Women's Club
hous. A card party and dance are
planned.
The second meeting of the Graduate
Students' Club, which was scheduled
to be held this week, has been post
poned. The meeting will be held some
time next week in th Women's Club
hous. A card party and dance are
planned.
The second meeting of the Graduate
Students' Club, which was scheduled
to be held this week, has been post
poned. The meeting will be held some
time next week in th Women's Club
hous. A card party and dance are
planned.
The second meeting of the Graduate
Students' Club, which was scheduled
to be held this week, has been post
poned. The meeting will be held some
time next week in th Women's Club
hous. A card party and dance are
planned.
The second meeting of the Graduate
Students' Club, which was scheduled
to be held this week, has been post
poned. The meeting will be held some
time next week in th Women's Club
hous. A card party and dance are
planned.
The second meeting of the Graduate
Students' Club, which was scheduled
to be held this week, has been post
poned. The meeting will be held some
time next week in th Women's Club
hous. A card party and dance are
planned.
The second meeting of the Graduate
Students' Club, which was scheduled
to be held this week, has been post
poned. The meeting will be held some
time next week in th Women's Club
hous. A card party and dance are
planned.
The second meeting of the Graduate
Students' Club, which was scheduled
to be held this week, has been post
poned. The meeting will be held some
time next week in th Women's Club
hous. A card party and dance are
planned.
The second meeting of the Graduate
Students' Club, which was scheduled
to be held this week, has been post
poned. The meeting will be held some
time next week in th Women's Club
hous. A card party and dance are
planned.
The second meeting of the Graduate
Students' Club, which was scheduled
to be held this week, has been post
poned. The meeting will be held some
time next week in th Women's Club
hous. A card party and dance are
planned.
The second meeting of the Graduate
Students' Club, which was scheduled
to be held this week, has been post
poned. The meeting will be held some
time next week in th Women's Club
hous. A card party and dance are
planned.
The second meeting of the Graduate
Students' Club, which was scheduled
to be held this week, has been post
poned. The meeting will be held some
time next week in th Women's Club
hous. A card party and dance are
planned.
The second meeting of the Graduate
Students' Club, which was scheduled
to be held this week, has been post
poned. The meeting will be held some
time next week in th Women's Club
hous. A card party and dance are
planned.
