# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Nothing definite concerning the
faculty-Senior game, which will he
held Saturday morning, can he an
nounced this evening. The faculty
will probably play their regular
line-up, with A.C. Whitaker in the
box and Searles doing the catching.
Nothing definite concerning the
faculty-Senior game, which will he
held Saturday morning, can he an
nounced this evening. The faculty
will probably play their regular
line-up, with A.C. Whitaker in the
box and Searles doing the catching.
Nothing definite concerning the
faculty-Senior game, which will he
held Saturday morning, can he an
nounced this evening. The faculty
will probably play their regular
line-up, with A.C. Whitaker in the
box and Searles doing the catching.
Nothing definite concerning the
faculty-Senior game, which will he
held Saturday morning, can he an
nounced this evening. The faculty
will probably play their regular
line-up, with A.C. Whitaker in the
box and Searles doing the catching.
Nothing definite concerning the
faculty-Senior game, which will he
held Saturday morning, can he an
nounced this evening. The faculty
will probably play their regular
line-up, with A.C. Whitaker in the
box and Searles doing the catching.
Nothing definite concerning the
faculty-Senior game, which will he
held Saturday morning, can he an
nounced this evening. The faculty
will probably play their regular
line-up, with A.C. Whitaker in the
box and Searles doing the catching.
Nothing definite concerning the
faculty-Senior game, which will he
held Saturday morning, can he an
nounced this evening. The faculty
will probably play their regular
line-up, with A.C. Whitaker in the
box and Searles doing the catching.
Nothing definite concerning the
faculty-Senior game, which will he
held Saturday morning, can he an
nounced this evening. The faculty
will probably play their regular
line-up, with A.C. Whitaker in the
box and Searles doing the catching.
