# Encina Reception to Seniors.
## 
### 
The Encina reception to the
Senior class will be held Saturday
night at 8 o'clock in the Encina
club-room. A short program has
been arranged which includes an
address by President Jordan, a
monologue by L. D. Bryne, '05, and
a vocal solo. The most interesting
feature of the evening will be the
dance. Music will be furnished by
the Encina Club orchestra and
there will be twelve dances. Re
freshments will be served during
the evening.
The Encina reception to the
Senior class will be held Saturday
night at 8 o'clock in the Encina
club-room. A short program has
been arranged which includes an
address by President Jordan, a
monologue by L. D. Bryne, '05, and
a vocal solo. The most interesting
feature of the evening will be the
dance. Music will be furnished by
the Encina Club orchestra and
there will be twelve dances. Re
freshments will be served during
the evening.
The Encina reception to the
Senior class will be held Saturday
night at 8 o'clock in the Encina
club-room. A short program has
been arranged which includes an
address by President Jordan, a
monologue by L. D. Bryne, '05, and
a vocal solo. The most interesting
feature of the evening will be the
dance. Music will be furnished by
the Encina Club orchestra and
there will be twelve dances. Re
freshments will be served during
the evening.
The Encina reception to the
Senior class will be held Saturday
night at 8 o'clock in the Encina
club-room. A short program has
been arranged which includes an
address by President Jordan, a
monologue by L. D. Bryne, '05, and
a vocal solo. The most interesting
feature of the evening will be the
dance. Music will be furnished by
the Encina Club orchestra and
there will be twelve dances. Re
freshments will be served during
the evening.
The Encina reception to the
Senior class will be held Saturday
night at 8 o'clock in the Encina
club-room. A short program has
been arranged which includes an
address by President Jordan, a
monologue by L. D. Bryne, '05, and
a vocal solo. The most interesting
feature of the evening will be the
dance. Music will be furnished by
the Encina Club orchestra and
there will be twelve dances. Re
freshments will be served during
the evening.
The Encina reception to the
Senior class will be held Saturday
night at 8 o'clock in the Encina
club-room. A short program has
been arranged which includes an
address by President Jordan, a
monologue by L. D. Bryne, '05, and
a vocal solo. The most interesting
feature of the evening will be the
dance. Music will be furnished by
the Encina Club orchestra and
there will be twelve dances. Re
freshments will be served during
the evening.
The Encina reception to the
Senior class will be held Saturday
night at 8 o'clock in the Encina
club-room. A short program has
been arranged which includes an
address by President Jordan, a
monologue by L. D. Bryne, '05, and
a vocal solo. The most interesting
feature of the evening will be the
dance. Music will be furnished by
the Encina Club orchestra and
there will be twelve dances. Re
freshments will be served during
the evening.
The Encina reception to the
Senior class will be held Saturday
night at 8 o'clock in the Encina
club-room. A short program has
been arranged which includes an
address by President Jordan, a
monologue by L. D. Bryne, '05, and
a vocal solo. The most interesting
feature of the evening will be the
dance. Music will be furnished by
the Encina Club orchestra and
there will be twelve dances. Re
freshments will be served during
the evening.
