# Conscientious Modernist.
## 
### 
"Gone to work in u boiler factory?"
"Yes."
"Thought you were going to devote
yourself to music."
"I am. What I'm after now is some
genuinely big jazz effects for my or
chestra."
"Gone to work in u boiler factory?"
"Yes."
"Thought you were going to devote
yourself to music."
"I am. What I'm after now is some
genuinely big jazz effects for my or
chestra."
"Gone to work in u boiler factory?"
"Yes."
"Thought you were going to devote
yourself to music."
"I am. What I'm after now is some
genuinely big jazz effects for my or
chestra."
"Gone to work in u boiler factory?"
"Yes."
"Thought you were going to devote
yourself to music."
"I am. What I'm after now is some
genuinely big jazz effects for my or
chestra."
"Gone to work in u boiler factory?"
"Yes."
"Thought you were going to devote
yourself to music."
"I am. What I'm after now is some
genuinely big jazz effects for my or
chestra."
"Gone to work in u boiler factory?"
"Yes."
"Thought you were going to devote
yourself to music."
"I am. What I'm after now is some
genuinely big jazz effects for my or
chestra."
"Gone to work in u boiler factory?"
"Yes."
"Thought you were going to devote
yourself to music."
"I am. What I'm after now is some
genuinely big jazz effects for my or
chestra."
"Gone to work in u boiler factory?"
"Yes."
"Thought you were going to devote
yourself to music."
"I am. What I'm after now is some
genuinely big jazz effects for my or
chestra."
"Gone to work in u boiler factory?"
"Yes."
"Thought you were going to devote
yourself to music."
"I am. What I'm after now is some
genuinely big jazz effects for my or
chestra."
"Gone to work in u boiler factory?"
"Yes."
"Thought you were going to devote
yourself to music."
"I am. What I'm after now is some
genuinely big jazz effects for my or
chestra."
"Gone to work in u boiler factory?"
"Yes."
"Thought you were going to devote
yourself to music."
"I am. What I'm after now is some
genuinely big jazz effects for my or
chestra."
"Gone to work in u boiler factory?"
"Yes."
"Thought you were going to devote
yourself to music."
"I am. What I'm after now is some
genuinely big jazz effects for my or
chestra."
