# CRIME BLAMED ON MOVIES AND AUTOS
## 
### United Press 
DENVER, Nov. 29. —Movies and
automobiles are largely responsible
for the nation-wide crime wave which
is sweeping the country, according to
William Piukerton, head of the Pinker
ton Detective Agency, who left here
last night for Salt Lake City.
DENVER, Nov. 29. —Movies and
automobiles are largely responsible
for the nation-wide crime wave which
is sweeping the country, according to
William Piukerton, head of the Pinker
ton Detective Agency, who left here
last night for Salt Lake City.
DENVER, Nov. 29. —Movies and
automobiles are largely responsible
for the nation-wide crime wave which
is sweeping the country, according to
William Piukerton, head of the Pinker
ton Detective Agency, who left here
last night for Salt Lake City.
DENVER, Nov. 29. —Movies and
automobiles are largely responsible
for the nation-wide crime wave which
is sweeping the country, according to
William Piukerton, head of the Pinker
ton Detective Agency, who left here
last night for Salt Lake City.
DENVER, Nov. 29. —Movies and
automobiles are largely responsible
for the nation-wide crime wave which
is sweeping the country, according to
William Piukerton, head of the Pinker
ton Detective Agency, who left here
last night for Salt Lake City.
DENVER, Nov. 29. —Movies and
automobiles are largely responsible
for the nation-wide crime wave which
is sweeping the country, according to
William Piukerton, head of the Pinker
ton Detective Agency, who left here
last night for Salt Lake City.
DENVER, Nov. 29. —Movies and
automobiles are largely responsible
for the nation-wide crime wave which
is sweeping the country, according to
William Piukerton, head of the Pinker
ton Detective Agency, who left here
last night for Salt Lake City.
DENVER, Nov. 29. —Movies and
automobiles are largely responsible
for the nation-wide crime wave which
is sweeping the country, according to
William Piukerton, head of the Pinker
ton Detective Agency, who left here
last night for Salt Lake City.
DENVER, Nov. 29. —Movies and
automobiles are largely responsible
for the nation-wide crime wave which
is sweeping the country, according to
William Piukerton, head of the Pinker
ton Detective Agency, who left here
last night for Salt Lake City.
DENVER, Nov. 29. —Movies and
automobiles are largely responsible
for the nation-wide crime wave which
is sweeping the country, according to
William Piukerton, head of the Pinker
ton Detective Agency, who left here
last night for Salt Lake City.
DENVER, Nov. 29. —Movies and
automobiles are largely responsible
for the nation-wide crime wave which
is sweeping the country, according to
William Piukerton, head of the Pinker
ton Detective Agency, who left here
last night for Salt Lake City.
DENVER, Nov. 29. —Movies and
automobiles are largely responsible
for the nation-wide crime wave which
is sweeping the country, according to
William Piukerton, head of the Pinker
ton Detective Agency, who left here
last night for Salt Lake City.
