# WEDNESDAY
## 
### 
Thanks
to a streamlined
admissions process,
Stanford applicants
can breathe easier.
Page 2
For the
clueless, The Science
Bug explains weather
patterns.
Page 6
Memories
of Stanford dance in
departing columnist's
head.
Page 4
Thanks
to a streamlined
admissions process,
Stanford applicants
can breathe easier.
Page 2
For the
clueless, The Science
Bug explains weather
patterns.
Page 6
Memories
of Stanford dance in
departing columnist's
head.
Page 4
Thanks
to a streamlined
admissions process,
Stanford applicants
can breathe easier.
Page 2
For the
clueless, The Science
Bug explains weather
patterns.
Page 6
Memories
of Stanford dance in
departing columnist's
head.
Page 4
Thanks
to a streamlined
admissions process,
Stanford applicants
can breathe easier.
Page 2
For the
clueless, The Science
Bug explains weather
patterns.
Page 6
Memories
of Stanford dance in
departing columnist's
head.
Page 4
Thanks
to a streamlined
admissions process,
Stanford applicants
can breathe easier.
Page 2
For the
clueless, The Science
Bug explains weather
patterns.
Page 6
Memories
of Stanford dance in
departing columnist's
head.
Page 4
Thanks
to a streamlined
admissions process,
Stanford applicants
can breathe easier.
Page 2
For the
clueless, The Science
Bug explains weather
patterns.
Page 6
Memories
of Stanford dance in
departing columnist's
head.
Page 4
Thanks
to a streamlined
admissions process,
Stanford applicants
can breathe easier.
Page 2
For the
clueless, The Science
Bug explains weather
patterns.
Page 6
Memories
of Stanford dance in
departing columnist's
head.
Page 4
