# Adv. 18 Page 6
## 
### 
FOR GUIDED 112
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
I Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
■ ■ ii ii
Qy^y[ore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND KINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
ISr ■
Stanford Students I
Save 20%
Curlifle '
J JEWELER! I
535 Bryant Street |
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834 1
1 ■ 4
FOR GUIDED 112
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
I Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
■ ■ ii ii
Qy^y[ore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND KINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
ISr ■
Stanford Students I
Save 20%
Curlifle '
J JEWELER! I
535 Bryant Street |
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834 1
1 ■ 4
FOR GUIDED 112
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
I Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
■ ■ ii ii
Qy^y[ore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND KINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
ISr ■
Stanford Students I
Save 20%
Curlifle '
J JEWELER! I
535 Bryant Street |
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834 1
1 ■ 4
FOR GUIDED 112
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
I Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
■ ■ ii ii
Qy^y[ore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND KINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
ISr ■
Stanford Students I
Save 20%
Curlifle '
J JEWELER! I
535 Bryant Street |
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834 1
1 ■ 4
FOR GUIDED 112
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
I Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
■ ■ ii ii
Qy^y[ore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND KINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
ISr ■
Stanford Students I
Save 20%
Curlifle '
J JEWELER! I
535 Bryant Street |
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834 1
1 ■ 4
FOR GUIDED 112
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
I Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
■ ■ ii ii
Qy^y[ore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND KINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
ISr ■
Stanford Students I
Save 20%
Curlifle '
J JEWELER! I
535 Bryant Street |
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834 1
1 ■ 4
FOR GUIDED 112
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
I Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
■ ■ ii ii
Qy^y[ore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND KINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
ISr ■
Stanford Students I
Save 20%
Curlifle '
J JEWELER! I
535 Bryant Street |
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834 1
1 ■ 4
FOR GUIDED 112
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
I Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
■ ■ ii ii
Qy^y[ore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND KINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
ISr ■
Stanford Students I
Save 20%
Curlifle '
J JEWELER! I
535 Bryant Street |
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834 1
1 ■ 4
FOR GUIDED 112
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
I Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
■ ■ ii ii
Qy^y[ore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND KINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
ISr ■
Stanford Students I
Save 20%
Curlifle '
J JEWELER! I
535 Bryant Street |
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834 1
1 ■ 4
FOR GUIDED 112
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
I Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
■ ■ ii ii
Qy^y[ore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND KINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
ISr ■
Stanford Students I
Save 20%
Curlifle '
J JEWELER! I
535 Bryant Street |
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834 1
1 ■ 4
FOR GUIDED 112
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
I Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
■ ■ ii ii
Qy^y[ore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND KINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
ISr ■
Stanford Students I
Save 20%
Curlifle '
J JEWELER! I
535 Bryant Street |
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834 1
1 ■ 4
FOR GUIDED 112
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
I Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
■ ■ ii ii
Qy^y[ore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND KINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
ISr ■
Stanford Students I
Save 20%
Curlifle '
J JEWELER! I
535 Bryant Street |
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834 1
1 ■ 4
FOR GUIDED 112
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
I Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
■ ■ ii ii
Qy^y[ore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND KINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
ISr ■
Stanford Students I
Save 20%
Curlifle '
J JEWELER! I
535 Bryant Street |
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834 1
1 ■ 4
FOR GUIDED 112
TOURS OF
SLAC
Stanford's
Two-Mile-Long
I Accelerator
Telephone
854-3300
Extension 2204
■ ■ ii ii
Qy^y[ore
couples
come to
Carl vie
Jewelers
for their
DIAMOND KINGS
BECAUSE
They have shopped and compared
and have found that Carlyle's
prices are never higher and in
most instances are substantially
lower than prices elsewhere — for
the same fine quality Diamonds.
ISr ■
Stanford Students I
Save 20%
Curlifle '
J JEWELER! I
535 Bryant Street |
Downtown Palo Alto
323-2834 1
1 ■ 4
