# E.P. Cubberly Goes to Portland.
## 
### 
Proressor E. P. Cubberley has been
called to Portland to act as the bead
of a commission which will expert tho
school system, making financial and
educational investigations. Professoi
Cubberley was a member of a similar
commission in Baltimore. Me will be
absent about two weeks, returning to
Portland after the close of college to
continue investigations.
Proressor E. P. Cubberley has been
called to Portland to act as the bead
of a commission which will expert tho
school system, making financial and
educational investigations. Professoi
Cubberley was a member of a similar
commission in Baltimore. Me will be
absent about two weeks, returning to
Portland after the close of college to
continue investigations.
Proressor E. P. Cubberley has been
called to Portland to act as the bead
of a commission which will expert tho
school system, making financial and
educational investigations. Professoi
Cubberley was a member of a similar
commission in Baltimore. Me will be
absent about two weeks, returning to
Portland after the close of college to
continue investigations.
Proressor E. P. Cubberley has been
called to Portland to act as the bead
of a commission which will expert tho
school system, making financial and
educational investigations. Professoi
Cubberley was a member of a similar
commission in Baltimore. Me will be
absent about two weeks, returning to
Portland after the close of college to
continue investigations.
Proressor E. P. Cubberley has been
called to Portland to act as the bead
of a commission which will expert tho
school system, making financial and
educational investigations. Professoi
Cubberley was a member of a similar
commission in Baltimore. Me will be
absent about two weeks, returning to
Portland after the close of college to
continue investigations.
Proressor E. P. Cubberley has been
called to Portland to act as the bead
of a commission which will expert tho
school system, making financial and
educational investigations. Professoi
Cubberley was a member of a similar
commission in Baltimore. Me will be
absent about two weeks, returning to
Portland after the close of college to
continue investigations.
Proressor E. P. Cubberley has been
called to Portland to act as the bead
of a commission which will expert tho
school system, making financial and
educational investigations. Professoi
Cubberley was a member of a similar
commission in Baltimore. Me will be
absent about two weeks, returning to
Portland after the close of college to
continue investigations.
Proressor E. P. Cubberley has been
called to Portland to act as the bead
of a commission which will expert tho
school system, making financial and
educational investigations. Professoi
Cubberley was a member of a similar
commission in Baltimore. Me will be
absent about two weeks, returning to
Portland after the close of college to
continue investigations.
Proressor E. P. Cubberley has been
called to Portland to act as the bead
of a commission which will expert tho
school system, making financial and
educational investigations. Professoi
Cubberley was a member of a similar
commission in Baltimore. Me will be
absent about two weeks, returning to
Portland after the close of college to
continue investigations.
Proressor E. P. Cubberley has been
called to Portland to act as the bead
of a commission which will expert tho
school system, making financial and
educational investigations. Professoi
Cubberley was a member of a similar
commission in Baltimore. Me will be
absent about two weeks, returning to
Portland after the close of college to
continue investigations.
Proressor E. P. Cubberley has been
called to Portland to act as the bead
of a commission which will expert tho
school system, making financial and
educational investigations. Professoi
Cubberley was a member of a similar
commission in Baltimore. Me will be
absent about two weeks, returning to
Portland after the close of college to
continue investigations.
Proressor E. P. Cubberley has been
called to Portland to act as the bead
of a commission which will expert tho
school system, making financial and
educational investigations. Professoi
Cubberley was a member of a similar
commission in Baltimore. Me will be
absent about two weeks, returning to
Portland after the close of college to
continue investigations.
Proressor E. P. Cubberley has been
called to Portland to act as the bead
of a commission which will expert tho
school system, making financial and
educational investigations. Professoi
Cubberley was a member of a similar
commission in Baltimore. Me will be
absent about two weeks, returning to
Portland after the close of college to
continue investigations.
