# Stanford-Cal Debate Put Off Until Thursday
## 
### 
The debate with California,
planned for l;ist night, was post
poned until tomorrow night. To be
held oh the California campus, the
debate is to be held in connection
with the debate given at Cubber
ley Auditorium last Monday night,
which Stanford won.
The debaters, coached by Leland
Chapin, professor of speech and
drama, will be Robert Bennett and
Malcolm Barrett.
The debate with California,
planned for l;ist night, was post
poned until tomorrow night. To be
held oh the California campus, the
debate is to be held in connection
with the debate given at Cubber
ley Auditorium last Monday night,
which Stanford won.
The debaters, coached by Leland
Chapin, professor of speech and
drama, will be Robert Bennett and
Malcolm Barrett.
The debate with California,
planned for l;ist night, was post
poned until tomorrow night. To be
held oh the California campus, the
debate is to be held in connection
with the debate given at Cubber
ley Auditorium last Monday night,
which Stanford won.
The debaters, coached by Leland
Chapin, professor of speech and
drama, will be Robert Bennett and
Malcolm Barrett.
The debate with California,
planned for l;ist night, was post
poned until tomorrow night. To be
held oh the California campus, the
debate is to be held in connection
with the debate given at Cubber
ley Auditorium last Monday night,
which Stanford won.
The debaters, coached by Leland
Chapin, professor of speech and
drama, will be Robert Bennett and
Malcolm Barrett.
The debate with California,
planned for l;ist night, was post
poned until tomorrow night. To be
held oh the California campus, the
debate is to be held in connection
with the debate given at Cubber
ley Auditorium last Monday night,
which Stanford won.
The debaters, coached by Leland
Chapin, professor of speech and
drama, will be Robert Bennett and
Malcolm Barrett.
The debate with California,
planned for l;ist night, was post
poned until tomorrow night. To be
held oh the California campus, the
debate is to be held in connection
with the debate given at Cubber
ley Auditorium last Monday night,
which Stanford won.
The debaters, coached by Leland
Chapin, professor of speech and
drama, will be Robert Bennett and
Malcolm Barrett.
The debate with California,
planned for l;ist night, was post
poned until tomorrow night. To be
held oh the California campus, the
debate is to be held in connection
with the debate given at Cubber
ley Auditorium last Monday night,
which Stanford won.
The debaters, coached by Leland
Chapin, professor of speech and
drama, will be Robert Bennett and
Malcolm Barrett.
The debate with California,
planned for l;ist night, was post
poned until tomorrow night. To be
held oh the California campus, the
debate is to be held in connection
with the debate given at Cubber
ley Auditorium last Monday night,
which Stanford won.
The debaters, coached by Leland
Chapin, professor of speech and
drama, will be Robert Bennett and
Malcolm Barrett.
The debate with California,
planned for l;ist night, was post
poned until tomorrow night. To be
held oh the California campus, the
debate is to be held in connection
with the debate given at Cubber
ley Auditorium last Monday night,
which Stanford won.
The debaters, coached by Leland
Chapin, professor of speech and
drama, will be Robert Bennett and
Malcolm Barrett.
The debate with California,
planned for l;ist night, was post
poned until tomorrow night. To be
held oh the California campus, the
debate is to be held in connection
with the debate given at Cubber
ley Auditorium last Monday night,
which Stanford won.
The debaters, coached by Leland
Chapin, professor of speech and
drama, will be Robert Bennett and
Malcolm Barrett.
The debate with California,
planned for l;ist night, was post
poned until tomorrow night. To be
held oh the California campus, the
debate is to be held in connection
with the debate given at Cubber
ley Auditorium last Monday night,
which Stanford won.
The debaters, coached by Leland
Chapin, professor of speech and
drama, will be Robert Bennett and
Malcolm Barrett.
The debate with California,
planned for l;ist night, was post
poned until tomorrow night. To be
held oh the California campus, the
debate is to be held in connection
with the debate given at Cubber
ley Auditorium last Monday night,
which Stanford won.
The debaters, coached by Leland
Chapin, professor of speech and
drama, will be Robert Bennett and
Malcolm Barrett.
The debate with California,
planned for l;ist night, was post
poned until tomorrow night. To be
held oh the California campus, the
debate is to be held in connection
with the debate given at Cubber
ley Auditorium last Monday night,
which Stanford won.
The debaters, coached by Leland
Chapin, professor of speech and
drama, will be Robert Bennett and
Malcolm Barrett.
The debate with California,
planned for l;ist night, was post
poned until tomorrow night. To be
held oh the California campus, the
debate is to be held in connection
with the debate given at Cubber
ley Auditorium last Monday night,
which Stanford won.
The debaters, coached by Leland
Chapin, professor of speech and
drama, will be Robert Bennett and
Malcolm Barrett.
The debate with California,
planned for l;ist night, was post
poned until tomorrow night. To be
held oh the California campus, the
debate is to be held in connection
with the debate given at Cubber
ley Auditorium last Monday night,
which Stanford won.
The debaters, coached by Leland
Chapin, professor of speech and
drama, will be Robert Bennett and
Malcolm Barrett.
