# Bevin to Seek Free Danube
## 
### 
LONDON. Jan. 14 (UP).â€”Foreign
Secretary Ernest Bevin opened the
meeting of deputies of the Big Four
foreign ministers today with a ploa
for creation of a treaty that will
prevent the military resurgence of
Germany and a peace plan that will
save the world from war "for hun
dreds of years to come."
Bevin urged an Austrian treaty
"which will not handicap her eco
nomically in her relations with
other powers" and indicated that
Britain will seek internationaliza
tion of the Danube as a peace pre
requisite for Eastern Europe.
The opening session, closed to the
press and public, lasted two and a
half hours, during which Soviet
Deputy Foreign Minister Feodor
Gusev clashed with the Western
powers on concurrent discussions of
the German and Austrian treaties.
Gusev indicated he will attempt to
postpone consideration of the Aus
trian treaty until the German draft
is concluded.
Bevin warned the deputies that
"peace will not come in a moment"
and that the "preparatory work this
time must be effective."
