# Ram's Head Seeks Original One-Acts
## 
### 
Ram's Head is continuing its
search for one-act plays, three of
which will be presented during the
second week in February. Tlie dead
lino for llio submission of the plays
is noon, January 20
Plays, which may l>e submitted by
anyone, are to be turned in to Mar
tin Nalder, Bob Ashley, or William
Melton, the three directors, or to
Mr. Barker's office in tin; Memorial
Auditorium,
As a further incentive to play
wrights the Dramatists Alliance is
awarding a $15 prize to the best,
script submitted. The three directors
will judge the plays, and the au
thors whose plays are accepted will
be notified shortly after the dead
line.
Ram's Head is continuing its
search for one-act plays, three of
which will be presented during the
second week in February. Tlie dead
lino for llio submission of the plays
is noon, January 20
Plays, which may l>e submitted by
anyone, are to be turned in to Mar
tin Nalder, Bob Ashley, or William
Melton, the three directors, or to
Mr. Barker's office in tin; Memorial
Auditorium,
As a further incentive to play
wrights the Dramatists Alliance is
awarding a $15 prize to the best,
script submitted. The three directors
will judge the plays, and the au
thors whose plays are accepted will
be notified shortly after the dead
line.
Ram's Head is continuing its
search for one-act plays, three of
which will be presented during the
second week in February. Tlie dead
lino for llio submission of the plays
is noon, January 20
Plays, which may l>e submitted by
anyone, are to be turned in to Mar
tin Nalder, Bob Ashley, or William
Melton, the three directors, or to
Mr. Barker's office in tin; Memorial
Auditorium,
As a further incentive to play
wrights the Dramatists Alliance is
awarding a $15 prize to the best,
script submitted. The three directors
will judge the plays, and the au
thors whose plays are accepted will
be notified shortly after the dead
line.
Ram's Head is continuing its
search for one-act plays, three of
which will be presented during the
second week in February. Tlie dead
lino for llio submission of the plays
is noon, January 20
Plays, which may l>e submitted by
anyone, are to be turned in to Mar
tin Nalder, Bob Ashley, or William
Melton, the three directors, or to
Mr. Barker's office in tin; Memorial
Auditorium,
As a further incentive to play
wrights the Dramatists Alliance is
awarding a $15 prize to the best,
script submitted. The three directors
will judge the plays, and the au
thors whose plays are accepted will
be notified shortly after the dead
line.
Ram's Head is continuing its
search for one-act plays, three of
which will be presented during the
second week in February. Tlie dead
lino for llio submission of the plays
is noon, January 20
Plays, which may l>e submitted by
anyone, are to be turned in to Mar
tin Nalder, Bob Ashley, or William
Melton, the three directors, or to
Mr. Barker's office in tin; Memorial
Auditorium,
As a further incentive to play
wrights the Dramatists Alliance is
awarding a $15 prize to the best,
script submitted. The three directors
will judge the plays, and the au
thors whose plays are accepted will
be notified shortly after the dead
line.
Ram's Head is continuing its
search for one-act plays, three of
which will be presented during the
second week in February. Tlie dead
lino for llio submission of the plays
is noon, January 20
Plays, which may l>e submitted by
anyone, are to be turned in to Mar
tin Nalder, Bob Ashley, or William
Melton, the three directors, or to
Mr. Barker's office in tin; Memorial
Auditorium,
As a further incentive to play
wrights the Dramatists Alliance is
awarding a $15 prize to the best,
script submitted. The three directors
will judge the plays, and the au
thors whose plays are accepted will
be notified shortly after the dead
line.
Ram's Head is continuing its
search for one-act plays, three of
which will be presented during the
second week in February. Tlie dead
lino for llio submission of the plays
is noon, January 20
Plays, which may l>e submitted by
anyone, are to be turned in to Mar
tin Nalder, Bob Ashley, or William
Melton, the three directors, or to
Mr. Barker's office in tin; Memorial
Auditorium,
As a further incentive to play
wrights the Dramatists Alliance is
awarding a $15 prize to the best,
script submitted. The three directors
will judge the plays, and the au
thors whose plays are accepted will
be notified shortly after the dead
line.
Ram's Head is continuing its
search for one-act plays, three of
which will be presented during the
second week in February. Tlie dead
lino for llio submission of the plays
is noon, January 20
Plays, which may l>e submitted by
anyone, are to be turned in to Mar
tin Nalder, Bob Ashley, or William
Melton, the three directors, or to
Mr. Barker's office in tin; Memorial
Auditorium,
As a further incentive to play
wrights the Dramatists Alliance is
awarding a $15 prize to the best,
script submitted. The three directors
will judge the plays, and the au
thors whose plays are accepted will
be notified shortly after the dead
line.
Ram's Head is continuing its
search for one-act plays, three of
which will be presented during the
second week in February. Tlie dead
lino for llio submission of the plays
is noon, January 20
Plays, which may l>e submitted by
anyone, are to be turned in to Mar
tin Nalder, Bob Ashley, or William
Melton, the three directors, or to
Mr. Barker's office in tin; Memorial
Auditorium,
As a further incentive to play
wrights the Dramatists Alliance is
awarding a $15 prize to the best,
script submitted. The three directors
will judge the plays, and the au
thors whose plays are accepted will
be notified shortly after the dead
line.
Ram's Head is continuing its
search for one-act plays, three of
which will be presented during the
second week in February. Tlie dead
lino for llio submission of the plays
is noon, January 20
Plays, which may l>e submitted by
anyone, are to be turned in to Mar
tin Nalder, Bob Ashley, or William
Melton, the three directors, or to
Mr. Barker's office in tin; Memorial
Auditorium,
As a further incentive to play
wrights the Dramatists Alliance is
awarding a $15 prize to the best,
script submitted. The three directors
will judge the plays, and the au
thors whose plays are accepted will
be notified shortly after the dead
line.
Ram's Head is continuing its
search for one-act plays, three of
which will be presented during the
second week in February. Tlie dead
lino for llio submission of the plays
is noon, January 20
Plays, which may l>e submitted by
anyone, are to be turned in to Mar
tin Nalder, Bob Ashley, or William
Melton, the three directors, or to
Mr. Barker's office in tin; Memorial
Auditorium,
As a further incentive to play
wrights the Dramatists Alliance is
awarding a $15 prize to the best,
script submitted. The three directors
will judge the plays, and the au
thors whose plays are accepted will
be notified shortly after the dead
line.
Ram's Head is continuing its
search for one-act plays, three of
which will be presented during the
second week in February. Tlie dead
lino for llio submission of the plays
is noon, January 20
Plays, which may l>e submitted by
anyone, are to be turned in to Mar
tin Nalder, Bob Ashley, or William
Melton, the three directors, or to
Mr. Barker's office in tin; Memorial
Auditorium,
As a further incentive to play
wrights the Dramatists Alliance is
awarding a $15 prize to the best,
script submitted. The three directors
will judge the plays, and the au
thors whose plays are accepted will
be notified shortly after the dead
line.
Ram's Head is continuing its
search for one-act plays, three of
which will be presented during the
second week in February. Tlie dead
lino for llio submission of the plays
is noon, January 20
Plays, which may l>e submitted by
anyone, are to be turned in to Mar
tin Nalder, Bob Ashley, or William
Melton, the three directors, or to
Mr. Barker's office in tin; Memorial
Auditorium,
As a further incentive to play
wrights the Dramatists Alliance is
awarding a $15 prize to the best,
script submitted. The three directors
will judge the plays, and the au
thors whose plays are accepted will
be notified shortly after the dead
line.
Ram's Head is continuing its
search for one-act plays, three of
which will be presented during the
second week in February. Tlie dead
lino for llio submission of the plays
is noon, January 20
Plays, which may l>e submitted by
anyone, are to be turned in to Mar
tin Nalder, Bob Ashley, or William
Melton, the three directors, or to
Mr. Barker's office in tin; Memorial
Auditorium,
As a further incentive to play
wrights the Dramatists Alliance is
awarding a $15 prize to the best,
script submitted. The three directors
will judge the plays, and the au
thors whose plays are accepted will
be notified shortly after the dead
line.
Ram's Head is continuing its
search for one-act plays, three of
which will be presented during the
second week in February. Tlie dead
lino for llio submission of the plays
is noon, January 20
Plays, which may l>e submitted by
anyone, are to be turned in to Mar
tin Nalder, Bob Ashley, or William
Melton, the three directors, or to
Mr. Barker's office in tin; Memorial
Auditorium,
As a further incentive to play
wrights the Dramatists Alliance is
awarding a $15 prize to the best,
script submitted. The three directors
will judge the plays, and the au
thors whose plays are accepted will
be notified shortly after the dead
line.
