# Branner Will Be Open Between Quarters
## 
### 
i All undergraduate women, ex
clusive of graduating seniors, who
Want to live on cumpufi between
spring and summer quarters will
stay in Branncr Ha I.
i The residence will be open from
June 14 at noon to June 18 at 10
ft.rn. Reservations must be made at
Branner by June 8. A fee of $2 will
be charged to cover linen expenses.
i All undergraduate women, ex
clusive of graduating seniors, who
Want to live on cumpufi between
spring and summer quarters will
stay in Branncr Ha I.
i The residence will be open from
June 14 at noon to June 18 at 10
ft.rn. Reservations must be made at
Branner by June 8. A fee of $2 will
be charged to cover linen expenses.
i All undergraduate women, ex
clusive of graduating seniors, who
Want to live on cumpufi between
spring and summer quarters will
stay in Branncr Ha I.
i The residence will be open from
June 14 at noon to June 18 at 10
ft.rn. Reservations must be made at
Branner by June 8. A fee of $2 will
be charged to cover linen expenses.
i All undergraduate women, ex
clusive of graduating seniors, who
Want to live on cumpufi between
spring and summer quarters will
stay in Branncr Ha I.
i The residence will be open from
June 14 at noon to June 18 at 10
ft.rn. Reservations must be made at
Branner by June 8. A fee of $2 will
be charged to cover linen expenses.
i All undergraduate women, ex
clusive of graduating seniors, who
Want to live on cumpufi between
spring and summer quarters will
stay in Branncr Ha I.
i The residence will be open from
June 14 at noon to June 18 at 10
ft.rn. Reservations must be made at
Branner by June 8. A fee of $2 will
be charged to cover linen expenses.
i All undergraduate women, ex
clusive of graduating seniors, who
Want to live on cumpufi between
spring and summer quarters will
stay in Branncr Ha I.
i The residence will be open from
June 14 at noon to June 18 at 10
ft.rn. Reservations must be made at
Branner by June 8. A fee of $2 will
be charged to cover linen expenses.
i All undergraduate women, ex
clusive of graduating seniors, who
Want to live on cumpufi between
spring and summer quarters will
stay in Branncr Ha I.
i The residence will be open from
June 14 at noon to June 18 at 10
ft.rn. Reservations must be made at
Branner by June 8. A fee of $2 will
be charged to cover linen expenses.
i All undergraduate women, ex
clusive of graduating seniors, who
Want to live on cumpufi between
spring and summer quarters will
stay in Branncr Ha I.
i The residence will be open from
June 14 at noon to June 18 at 10
ft.rn. Reservations must be made at
Branner by June 8. A fee of $2 will
be charged to cover linen expenses.
i All undergraduate women, ex
clusive of graduating seniors, who
Want to live on cumpufi between
spring and summer quarters will
stay in Branncr Ha I.
i The residence will be open from
June 14 at noon to June 18 at 10
ft.rn. Reservations must be made at
Branner by June 8. A fee of $2 will
be charged to cover linen expenses.
i All undergraduate women, ex
clusive of graduating seniors, who
Want to live on cumpufi between
spring and summer quarters will
stay in Branncr Ha I.
i The residence will be open from
June 14 at noon to June 18 at 10
ft.rn. Reservations must be made at
Branner by June 8. A fee of $2 will
be charged to cover linen expenses.
i All undergraduate women, ex
clusive of graduating seniors, who
Want to live on cumpufi between
spring and summer quarters will
stay in Branncr Ha I.
i The residence will be open from
June 14 at noon to June 18 at 10
ft.rn. Reservations must be made at
Branner by June 8. A fee of $2 will
be charged to cover linen expenses.
i All undergraduate women, ex
clusive of graduating seniors, who
Want to live on cumpufi between
spring and summer quarters will
stay in Branncr Ha I.
i The residence will be open from
June 14 at noon to June 18 at 10
ft.rn. Reservations must be made at
Branner by June 8. A fee of $2 will
be charged to cover linen expenses.
i All undergraduate women, ex
clusive of graduating seniors, who
Want to live on cumpufi between
spring and summer quarters will
stay in Branncr Ha I.
i The residence will be open from
June 14 at noon to June 18 at 10
ft.rn. Reservations must be made at
Branner by June 8. A fee of $2 will
be charged to cover linen expenses.
i All undergraduate women, ex
clusive of graduating seniors, who
Want to live on cumpufi between
spring and summer quarters will
stay in Branncr Ha I.
i The residence will be open from
June 14 at noon to June 18 at 10
ft.rn. Reservations must be made at
Branner by June 8. A fee of $2 will
be charged to cover linen expenses.
i All undergraduate women, ex
clusive of graduating seniors, who
Want to live on cumpufi between
spring and summer quarters will
stay in Branncr Ha I.
i The residence will be open from
June 14 at noon to June 18 at 10
ft.rn. Reservations must be made at
Branner by June 8. A fee of $2 will
be charged to cover linen expenses.
