# Rowe Announces First Graduate Student Meeting
## 
### 
The first all - graduate student j
meeting, planned and to be presided !
over by Harry Rowe, graduate stu- j
dent representative on Excom, will
convene Thursday at 7:30 p.m. in
Room 121 of the Business School.
The purpose of the meeting is to
discuss organizing a graduate school
society to direct and co-ordinate i
the social and cultural activities of
the group. Dean H. Donald Win- j
biglcr is scheduled to speak on ;
"Graduate Students and Activities." j
The results of the poll measuring !
the interest of the graduate stu- j
dents in activities, conducted by
Harvey Segal I. chairman of the Pub- |
lie Relations Committee, will be an
nounced.
A graduate handbook will be con- i
sidcred, and details will be ex- j
plained by .Jack Blumberg. Forty- j
two schools have been consulted on ]
the advisability of such a publiea- |
tion.
