# RADIUM RECOVERED
## 
### 
The use -of an electroscope was the
cause of the recovery of a capsule of
radium valued at $8600 which had
slipped down the drain at St. Joseph's
hospital Being lowered . into the
sewer, a physics professor located the
radium by means of his instrument. It
was recovered after breaking the pipe.
The use -of an electroscope was the
cause of the recovery of a capsule of
radium valued at $8600 which had
slipped down the drain at St. Joseph's
hospital Being lowered . into the
sewer, a physics professor located the
radium by means of his instrument. It
was recovered after breaking the pipe.
The use -of an electroscope was the
cause of the recovery of a capsule of
radium valued at $8600 which had
slipped down the drain at St. Joseph's
hospital Being lowered . into the
sewer, a physics professor located the
radium by means of his instrument. It
was recovered after breaking the pipe.
The use -of an electroscope was the
cause of the recovery of a capsule of
radium valued at $8600 which had
slipped down the drain at St. Joseph's
hospital Being lowered . into the
sewer, a physics professor located the
radium by means of his instrument. It
was recovered after breaking the pipe.
The use -of an electroscope was the
cause of the recovery of a capsule of
radium valued at $8600 which had
slipped down the drain at St. Joseph's
hospital Being lowered . into the
sewer, a physics professor located the
radium by means of his instrument. It
was recovered after breaking the pipe.
The use -of an electroscope was the
cause of the recovery of a capsule of
radium valued at $8600 which had
slipped down the drain at St. Joseph's
hospital Being lowered . into the
sewer, a physics professor located the
radium by means of his instrument. It
was recovered after breaking the pipe.
The use -of an electroscope was the
cause of the recovery of a capsule of
radium valued at $8600 which had
slipped down the drain at St. Joseph's
hospital Being lowered . into the
sewer, a physics professor located the
radium by means of his instrument. It
was recovered after breaking the pipe.
The use -of an electroscope was the
cause of the recovery of a capsule of
radium valued at $8600 which had
slipped down the drain at St. Joseph's
hospital Being lowered . into the
sewer, a physics professor located the
radium by means of his instrument. It
was recovered after breaking the pipe.
The use -of an electroscope was the
cause of the recovery of a capsule of
radium valued at $8600 which had
slipped down the drain at St. Joseph's
hospital Being lowered . into the
sewer, a physics professor located the
radium by means of his instrument. It
was recovered after breaking the pipe.
The use -of an electroscope was the
cause of the recovery of a capsule of
radium valued at $8600 which had
slipped down the drain at St. Joseph's
hospital Being lowered . into the
sewer, a physics professor located the
radium by means of his instrument. It
was recovered after breaking the pipe.
The use -of an electroscope was the
cause of the recovery of a capsule of
radium valued at $8600 which had
slipped down the drain at St. Joseph's
hospital Being lowered . into the
sewer, a physics professor located the
radium by means of his instrument. It
was recovered after breaking the pipe.
The use -of an electroscope was the
cause of the recovery of a capsule of
radium valued at $8600 which had
slipped down the drain at St. Joseph's
hospital Being lowered . into the
sewer, a physics professor located the
radium by means of his instrument. It
was recovered after breaking the pipe.
The use -of an electroscope was the
cause of the recovery of a capsule of
radium valued at $8600 which had
slipped down the drain at St. Joseph's
hospital Being lowered . into the
sewer, a physics professor located the
radium by means of his instrument. It
was recovered after breaking the pipe.
The use -of an electroscope was the
cause of the recovery of a capsule of
radium valued at $8600 which had
slipped down the drain at St. Joseph's
hospital Being lowered . into the
sewer, a physics professor located the
radium by means of his instrument. It
was recovered after breaking the pipe.
The use -of an electroscope was the
cause of the recovery of a capsule of
radium valued at $8600 which had
slipped down the drain at St. Joseph's
hospital Being lowered . into the
sewer, a physics professor located the
radium by means of his instrument. It
was recovered after breaking the pipe.
