# TRYOUTS FOR UTAH U. S. C. DEBATING MEETS TO BE HELD
## 
### 
Debate tryouts for contests with the
University of Southern California and
Utah will be held next Tuesday at 4
o'clock in the Little Theater. Five-min
ute speeches and three-minute rebuttals
will be given by each candidate for the
debating teams on the subject, "Resolved,
That the freedom of the younger genera
tion, in thought and actions, is detri
mental to society." Further information
concerning the tryouts may be obtained
from Henry A. Shinn, who is coaching
debating in the absence of Professor J. G
Emerson.
Four regulars and two alternates will
be selected at the tryouts. The team se
lected for the negative side of the ques
tion will debate U.S.C. at Los Angeles in
February, while the affirmative team will
debate the University of Nevada at Reno,
the University of Utah at Salt Lake City,
and the U.S.C. negative team at Stanford
in February.
A contest with the University of Chi
cago debaters is also being planned, ac
cording to Theodore F. Raer, debating
manager. The University of Washing
ton has also challenged Stanford in a
radio debate, the decision to be given by
"listeners in," but no action has been
taken as yet on this challenge by the
Cardinal debating committee.
