# MOVIES BANNED
## 
### 
The Cercle Prancais of McGill Uni
versity, in a debate, desided that mov
ing pictures were not beneficial to the
public and are therefore not to be
frequented. .
The Cercle Prancais of McGill Uni
versity, in a debate, desided that mov
ing pictures were not beneficial to the
public and are therefore not to be
frequented. .
The Cercle Prancais of McGill Uni
versity, in a debate, desided that mov
ing pictures were not beneficial to the
public and are therefore not to be
frequented. .
The Cercle Prancais of McGill Uni
versity, in a debate, desided that mov
ing pictures were not beneficial to the
public and are therefore not to be
frequented. .
The Cercle Prancais of McGill Uni
versity, in a debate, desided that mov
ing pictures were not beneficial to the
public and are therefore not to be
frequented. .
The Cercle Prancais of McGill Uni
versity, in a debate, desided that mov
ing pictures were not beneficial to the
public and are therefore not to be
frequented. .
The Cercle Prancais of McGill Uni
versity, in a debate, desided that mov
ing pictures were not beneficial to the
public and are therefore not to be
frequented. .
The Cercle Prancais of McGill Uni
versity, in a debate, desided that mov
ing pictures were not beneficial to the
public and are therefore not to be
frequented. .
The Cercle Prancais of McGill Uni
versity, in a debate, desided that mov
ing pictures were not beneficial to the
public and are therefore not to be
frequented. .
The Cercle Prancais of McGill Uni
versity, in a debate, desided that mov
ing pictures were not beneficial to the
public and are therefore not to be
frequented. .
The Cercle Prancais of McGill Uni
versity, in a debate, desided that mov
ing pictures were not beneficial to the
public and are therefore not to be
frequented. .
The Cercle Prancais of McGill Uni
versity, in a debate, desided that mov
ing pictures were not beneficial to the
public and are therefore not to be
frequented. .
The Cercle Prancais of McGill Uni
versity, in a debate, desided that mov
ing pictures were not beneficial to the
public and are therefore not to be
frequented. .
The Cercle Prancais of McGill Uni
versity, in a debate, desided that mov
ing pictures were not beneficial to the
public and are therefore not to be
frequented. .
The Cercle Prancais of McGill Uni
versity, in a debate, desided that mov
ing pictures were not beneficial to the
public and are therefore not to be
frequented. .
