# Christmas Presents Given At German Club Banquet
## 
### 
Christmas presents were given to
the forty-one members of the German
Club who were present at the banquet
and meeting held last night in the
Women's Clubhouse. After the ban
quet, at which an imported Swiss
Christmas Tree music box furnished
the music, Professors William A.
Cooper and August C. Mahr, both of
(he Gorman department, told Christ
mas stories. Mrs. Muller played selec
tions on the piano, after which the
club joined in German songs and
games.
Christmas presents were given to
the forty-one members of the German
Club who were present at the banquet
and meeting held last night in the
Women's Clubhouse. After the ban
quet, at which an imported Swiss
Christmas Tree music box furnished
the music, Professors William A.
Cooper and August C. Mahr, both of
(he Gorman department, told Christ
mas stories. Mrs. Muller played selec
tions on the piano, after which the
club joined in German songs and
games.
Christmas presents were given to
the forty-one members of the German
Club who were present at the banquet
and meeting held last night in the
Women's Clubhouse. After the ban
quet, at which an imported Swiss
Christmas Tree music box furnished
the music, Professors William A.
Cooper and August C. Mahr, both of
(he Gorman department, told Christ
mas stories. Mrs. Muller played selec
tions on the piano, after which the
club joined in German songs and
games.
Christmas presents were given to
the forty-one members of the German
Club who were present at the banquet
and meeting held last night in the
Women's Clubhouse. After the ban
quet, at which an imported Swiss
Christmas Tree music box furnished
the music, Professors William A.
Cooper and August C. Mahr, both of
(he Gorman department, told Christ
mas stories. Mrs. Muller played selec
tions on the piano, after which the
club joined in German songs and
games.
Christmas presents were given to
the forty-one members of the German
Club who were present at the banquet
and meeting held last night in the
Women's Clubhouse. After the ban
quet, at which an imported Swiss
Christmas Tree music box furnished
the music, Professors William A.
Cooper and August C. Mahr, both of
(he Gorman department, told Christ
mas stories. Mrs. Muller played selec
tions on the piano, after which the
club joined in German songs and
games.
Christmas presents were given to
the forty-one members of the German
Club who were present at the banquet
and meeting held last night in the
Women's Clubhouse. After the ban
quet, at which an imported Swiss
Christmas Tree music box furnished
the music, Professors William A.
Cooper and August C. Mahr, both of
(he Gorman department, told Christ
mas stories. Mrs. Muller played selec
tions on the piano, after which the
club joined in German songs and
games.
Christmas presents were given to
the forty-one members of the German
Club who were present at the banquet
and meeting held last night in the
Women's Clubhouse. After the ban
quet, at which an imported Swiss
Christmas Tree music box furnished
the music, Professors William A.
Cooper and August C. Mahr, both of
(he Gorman department, told Christ
mas stories. Mrs. Muller played selec
tions on the piano, after which the
club joined in German songs and
games.
Christmas presents were given to
the forty-one members of the German
Club who were present at the banquet
and meeting held last night in the
Women's Clubhouse. After the ban
quet, at which an imported Swiss
Christmas Tree music box furnished
the music, Professors William A.
Cooper and August C. Mahr, both of
(he Gorman department, told Christ
mas stories. Mrs. Muller played selec
tions on the piano, after which the
club joined in German songs and
games.
Christmas presents were given to
the forty-one members of the German
Club who were present at the banquet
and meeting held last night in the
Women's Clubhouse. After the ban
quet, at which an imported Swiss
Christmas Tree music box furnished
the music, Professors William A.
Cooper and August C. Mahr, both of
(he Gorman department, told Christ
mas stories. Mrs. Muller played selec
tions on the piano, after which the
club joined in German songs and
games.
Christmas presents were given to
the forty-one members of the German
Club who were present at the banquet
and meeting held last night in the
Women's Clubhouse. After the ban
quet, at which an imported Swiss
Christmas Tree music box furnished
the music, Professors William A.
Cooper and August C. Mahr, both of
(he Gorman department, told Christ
mas stories. Mrs. Muller played selec
tions on the piano, after which the
club joined in German songs and
games.
Christmas presents were given to
the forty-one members of the German
Club who were present at the banquet
and meeting held last night in the
Women's Clubhouse. After the ban
quet, at which an imported Swiss
Christmas Tree music box furnished
the music, Professors William A.
Cooper and August C. Mahr, both of
(he Gorman department, told Christ
mas stories. Mrs. Muller played selec
tions on the piano, after which the
club joined in German songs and
games.
Christmas presents were given to
the forty-one members of the German
Club who were present at the banquet
and meeting held last night in the
Women's Clubhouse. After the ban
quet, at which an imported Swiss
Christmas Tree music box furnished
the music, Professors William A.
Cooper and August C. Mahr, both of
(he Gorman department, told Christ
mas stories. Mrs. Muller played selec
tions on the piano, after which the
club joined in German songs and
games.
Christmas presents were given to
the forty-one members of the German
Club who were present at the banquet
and meeting held last night in the
Women's Clubhouse. After the ban
quet, at which an imported Swiss
Christmas Tree music box furnished
the music, Professors William A.
Cooper and August C. Mahr, both of
(he Gorman department, told Christ
mas stories. Mrs. Muller played selec
tions on the piano, after which the
club joined in German songs and
games.
Christmas presents were given to
the forty-one members of the German
Club who were present at the banquet
and meeting held last night in the
Women's Clubhouse. After the ban
quet, at which an imported Swiss
Christmas Tree music box furnished
the music, Professors William A.
Cooper and August C. Mahr, both of
(he Gorman department, told Christ
mas stories. Mrs. Muller played selec
tions on the piano, after which the
club joined in German songs and
games.
Christmas presents were given to
the forty-one members of the German
Club who were present at the banquet
and meeting held last night in the
Women's Clubhouse. After the ban
quet, at which an imported Swiss
Christmas Tree music box furnished
the music, Professors William A.
Cooper and August C. Mahr, both of
(he Gorman department, told Christ
mas stories. Mrs. Muller played selec
tions on the piano, after which the
club joined in German songs and
games.
