# Writes on Romanic Literature.
## 
### 
Professor 0. M. Johnston is the
author of a long article on "The
Sources of the Spanish Ballad of
Don Garcia" in the last number of
Revue Hispanique, a quarterly
dealing with Spanish literature,
now published in Paris. The pa
per is one of the results of the
work in the literature of the Ro
manic languages done by Professor
Johnston in Paris last year.
Professor 0. M. Johnston is the
author of a long article on "The
Sources of the Spanish Ballad of
Don Garcia" in the last number of
Revue Hispanique, a quarterly
dealing with Spanish literature,
now published in Paris. The pa
per is one of the results of the
work in the literature of the Ro
manic languages done by Professor
Johnston in Paris last year.
Professor 0. M. Johnston is the
author of a long article on "The
Sources of the Spanish Ballad of
Don Garcia" in the last number of
Revue Hispanique, a quarterly
dealing with Spanish literature,
now published in Paris. The pa
per is one of the results of the
work in the literature of the Ro
manic languages done by Professor
Johnston in Paris last year.
Professor 0. M. Johnston is the
author of a long article on "The
Sources of the Spanish Ballad of
Don Garcia" in the last number of
Revue Hispanique, a quarterly
dealing with Spanish literature,
now published in Paris. The pa
per is one of the results of the
work in the literature of the Ro
manic languages done by Professor
Johnston in Paris last year.
Professor 0. M. Johnston is the
author of a long article on "The
Sources of the Spanish Ballad of
Don Garcia" in the last number of
Revue Hispanique, a quarterly
dealing with Spanish literature,
now published in Paris. The pa
per is one of the results of the
work in the literature of the Ro
manic languages done by Professor
Johnston in Paris last year.
Professor 0. M. Johnston is the
author of a long article on "The
Sources of the Spanish Ballad of
Don Garcia" in the last number of
Revue Hispanique, a quarterly
dealing with Spanish literature,
now published in Paris. The pa
per is one of the results of the
work in the literature of the Ro
manic languages done by Professor
Johnston in Paris last year.
Professor 0. M. Johnston is the
author of a long article on "The
Sources of the Spanish Ballad of
Don Garcia" in the last number of
Revue Hispanique, a quarterly
dealing with Spanish literature,
now published in Paris. The pa
per is one of the results of the
work in the literature of the Ro
manic languages done by Professor
Johnston in Paris last year.
Professor 0. M. Johnston is the
author of a long article on "The
Sources of the Spanish Ballad of
Don Garcia" in the last number of
Revue Hispanique, a quarterly
dealing with Spanish literature,
now published in Paris. The pa
per is one of the results of the
work in the literature of the Ro
manic languages done by Professor
Johnston in Paris last year.
Professor 0. M. Johnston is the
author of a long article on "The
Sources of the Spanish Ballad of
Don Garcia" in the last number of
Revue Hispanique, a quarterly
dealing with Spanish literature,
now published in Paris. The pa
per is one of the results of the
work in the literature of the Ro
manic languages done by Professor
Johnston in Paris last year.
