# To Give Concert in San Jose.
## 
### 
The Girls' Glee Club, under tlie
auspices of the Centella Methodist
Church, is to give a concert on the
evening of March 16th in San Jose.
Vocal, violin and piano solos will
he rendered in addition to the reg
ular program. Dr. Blodgett will
act as director and accompanist.
Half of the proceeds of the concert
go to the building fund of the Cen
tella Church, the remainder to the
Girls' Glee Club.
The Girls' Glee Club, under tlie
auspices of the Centella Methodist
Church, is to give a concert on the
evening of March 16th in San Jose.
Vocal, violin and piano solos will
he rendered in addition to the reg
ular program. Dr. Blodgett will
act as director and accompanist.
Half of the proceeds of the concert
go to the building fund of the Cen
tella Church, the remainder to the
Girls' Glee Club.
The Girls' Glee Club, under tlie
auspices of the Centella Methodist
Church, is to give a concert on the
evening of March 16th in San Jose.
Vocal, violin and piano solos will
he rendered in addition to the reg
ular program. Dr. Blodgett will
act as director and accompanist.
Half of the proceeds of the concert
go to the building fund of the Cen
tella Church, the remainder to the
Girls' Glee Club.
The Girls' Glee Club, under tlie
auspices of the Centella Methodist
Church, is to give a concert on the
evening of March 16th in San Jose.
Vocal, violin and piano solos will
he rendered in addition to the reg
ular program. Dr. Blodgett will
act as director and accompanist.
Half of the proceeds of the concert
go to the building fund of the Cen
tella Church, the remainder to the
Girls' Glee Club.
The Girls' Glee Club, under tlie
auspices of the Centella Methodist
Church, is to give a concert on the
evening of March 16th in San Jose.
Vocal, violin and piano solos will
he rendered in addition to the reg
ular program. Dr. Blodgett will
act as director and accompanist.
Half of the proceeds of the concert
go to the building fund of the Cen
tella Church, the remainder to the
Girls' Glee Club.
The Girls' Glee Club, under tlie
auspices of the Centella Methodist
Church, is to give a concert on the
evening of March 16th in San Jose.
Vocal, violin and piano solos will
he rendered in addition to the reg
ular program. Dr. Blodgett will
act as director and accompanist.
Half of the proceeds of the concert
go to the building fund of the Cen
tella Church, the remainder to the
Girls' Glee Club.
The Girls' Glee Club, under tlie
auspices of the Centella Methodist
Church, is to give a concert on the
evening of March 16th in San Jose.
Vocal, violin and piano solos will
he rendered in addition to the reg
ular program. Dr. Blodgett will
act as director and accompanist.
Half of the proceeds of the concert
go to the building fund of the Cen
tella Church, the remainder to the
Girls' Glee Club.
The Girls' Glee Club, under tlie
auspices of the Centella Methodist
Church, is to give a concert on the
evening of March 16th in San Jose.
Vocal, violin and piano solos will
he rendered in addition to the reg
ular program. Dr. Blodgett will
act as director and accompanist.
Half of the proceeds of the concert
go to the building fund of the Cen
tella Church, the remainder to the
Girls' Glee Club.
The Girls' Glee Club, under tlie
auspices of the Centella Methodist
Church, is to give a concert on the
evening of March 16th in San Jose.
Vocal, violin and piano solos will
he rendered in addition to the reg
ular program. Dr. Blodgett will
act as director and accompanist.
Half of the proceeds of the concert
go to the building fund of the Cen
tella Church, the remainder to the
Girls' Glee Club.
