# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Kai Keasey — Daily
Dollies everywhere
Now that they've been chosen, the new Dollies are hanging out all over campus: In the Bookstore,
at the Tresidder patio and even on top of the tubular sculpture In front of Meyer Library. This
year's bevy of smiling faces includes: (left to right) sophomore Juli Oh, and freshmen Dionn
Stewart, Mary Gehan, Meghan Mackay and Emily Mackenzie.

Kai Keasey — Daily
Dollies everywhere
Now that they've been chosen, the new Dollies are hanging out all over campus: In the Bookstore,
at the Tresidder patio and even on top of the tubular sculpture In front of Meyer Library. This
year's bevy of smiling faces includes: (left to right) sophomore Juli Oh, and freshmen Dionn
Stewart, Mary Gehan, Meghan Mackay and Emily Mackenzie.

Kai Keasey — Daily
Dollies everywhere
Now that they've been chosen, the new Dollies are hanging out all over campus: In the Bookstore,
at the Tresidder patio and even on top of the tubular sculpture In front of Meyer Library. This
year's bevy of smiling faces includes: (left to right) sophomore Juli Oh, and freshmen Dionn
Stewart, Mary Gehan, Meghan Mackay and Emily Mackenzie.

Kai Keasey — Daily
Dollies everywhere
Now that they've been chosen, the new Dollies are hanging out all over campus: In the Bookstore,
at the Tresidder patio and even on top of the tubular sculpture In front of Meyer Library. This
year's bevy of smiling faces includes: (left to right) sophomore Juli Oh, and freshmen Dionn
Stewart, Mary Gehan, Meghan Mackay and Emily Mackenzie.

Kai Keasey — Daily
Dollies everywhere
Now that they've been chosen, the new Dollies are hanging out all over campus: In the Bookstore,
at the Tresidder patio and even on top of the tubular sculpture In front of Meyer Library. This
year's bevy of smiling faces includes: (left to right) sophomore Juli Oh, and freshmen Dionn
Stewart, Mary Gehan, Meghan Mackay and Emily Mackenzie.

Kai Keasey — Daily
Dollies everywhere
Now that they've been chosen, the new Dollies are hanging out all over campus: In the Bookstore,
at the Tresidder patio and even on top of the tubular sculpture In front of Meyer Library. This
year's bevy of smiling faces includes: (left to right) sophomore Juli Oh, and freshmen Dionn
Stewart, Mary Gehan, Meghan Mackay and Emily Mackenzie.

Kai Keasey — Daily
Dollies everywhere
Now that they've been chosen, the new Dollies are hanging out all over campus: In the Bookstore,
at the Tresidder patio and even on top of the tubular sculpture In front of Meyer Library. This
year's bevy of smiling faces includes: (left to right) sophomore Juli Oh, and freshmen Dionn
Stewart, Mary Gehan, Meghan Mackay and Emily Mackenzie.

Kai Keasey — Daily
Dollies everywhere
Now that they've been chosen, the new Dollies are hanging out all over campus: In the Bookstore,
at the Tresidder patio and even on top of the tubular sculpture In front of Meyer Library. This
year's bevy of smiling faces includes: (left to right) sophomore Juli Oh, and freshmen Dionn
Stewart, Mary Gehan, Meghan Mackay and Emily Mackenzie.
