# Women, minority engineers haven't tapped into CAPS
## 
### 
MM —
I am writing in reply to the Feb. 21
article, "A Clogged Engineering
Pipeline." In this article you mention
the lack of support for women and
minorities who are faced with the chal
lenges of pursuing an education and
career in engineering. It surprises me
to know that a program set up for just
such a purpose would go unmentioned.
Counseling and Psychological Serv
ices, with support from the School of

Engineering, haa begun this year a
program of support groups for gradu
ate students in engineering. We are
currently offering six support groups.
Of these six, three are for women,
including one for spouses and signifi
cant others of students, as well as

groups specifically for minority stu
dents.
Unfortunately, not enough students
are aware of this resource. It is my
hope that future publications will in
clude this information to help the stu
dents in need of this support and make
the first attempts at changing the dif
ficult conditions that they face.
Eliot Altschul
Psychology Fellow, Counseling and
Psychological Services

MM —
I am writing in reply to the Feb. 21
article, "A Clogged Engineering
Pipeline." In this article you mention
the lack of support for women and
minorities who are faced with the chal
lenges of pursuing an education and
career in engineering. It surprises me
to know that a program set up for just
such a purpose would go unmentioned.
Counseling and Psychological Serv
ices, with support from the School of

Engineering, haa begun this year a
program of support groups for gradu
ate students in engineering. We are
currently offering six support groups.
Of these six, three are for women,
including one for spouses and signifi
cant others of students, as well as

groups specifically for minority stu
dents.
Unfortunately, not enough students
are aware of this resource. It is my
hope that future publications will in
clude this information to help the stu
dents in need of this support and make
the first attempts at changing the dif
ficult conditions that they face.
Eliot Altschul
Psychology Fellow, Counseling and
Psychological Services

MM —
I am writing in reply to the Feb. 21
article, "A Clogged Engineering
Pipeline." In this article you mention
the lack of support for women and
minorities who are faced with the chal
lenges of pursuing an education and
career in engineering. It surprises me
to know that a program set up for just
such a purpose would go unmentioned.
Counseling and Psychological Serv
ices, with support from the School of

Engineering, haa begun this year a
program of support groups for gradu
ate students in engineering. We are
currently offering six support groups.
Of these six, three are for women,
including one for spouses and signifi
cant others of students, as well as

groups specifically for minority stu
dents.
Unfortunately, not enough students
are aware of this resource. It is my
hope that future publications will in
clude this information to help the stu
dents in need of this support and make
the first attempts at changing the dif
ficult conditions that they face.
Eliot Altschul
Psychology Fellow, Counseling and
Psychological Services

MM —
I am writing in reply to the Feb. 21
article, "A Clogged Engineering
Pipeline." In this article you mention
the lack of support for women and
minorities who are faced with the chal
lenges of pursuing an education and
career in engineering. It surprises me
to know that a program set up for just
such a purpose would go unmentioned.
Counseling and Psychological Serv
ices, with support from the School of

Engineering, haa begun this year a
program of support groups for gradu
ate students in engineering. We are
currently offering six support groups.
Of these six, three are for women,
including one for spouses and signifi
cant others of students, as well as

groups specifically for minority stu
dents.
Unfortunately, not enough students
are aware of this resource. It is my
hope that future publications will in
clude this information to help the stu
dents in need of this support and make
the first attempts at changing the dif
ficult conditions that they face.
Eliot Altschul
Psychology Fellow, Counseling and
Psychological Services

MM —
I am writing in reply to the Feb. 21
article, "A Clogged Engineering
Pipeline." In this article you mention
the lack of support for women and
minorities who are faced with the chal
lenges of pursuing an education and
career in engineering. It surprises me
to know that a program set up for just
such a purpose would go unmentioned.
Counseling and Psychological Serv
ices, with support from the School of

Engineering, haa begun this year a
program of support groups for gradu
ate students in engineering. We are
currently offering six support groups.
Of these six, three are for women,
including one for spouses and signifi
cant others of students, as well as

groups specifically for minority stu
dents.
Unfortunately, not enough students
are aware of this resource. It is my
hope that future publications will in
clude this information to help the stu
dents in need of this support and make
the first attempts at changing the dif
ficult conditions that they face.
Eliot Altschul
Psychology Fellow, Counseling and
Psychological Services

MM —
I am writing in reply to the Feb. 21
article, "A Clogged Engineering
Pipeline." In this article you mention
the lack of support for women and
minorities who are faced with the chal
lenges of pursuing an education and
career in engineering. It surprises me
to know that a program set up for just
such a purpose would go unmentioned.
Counseling and Psychological Serv
ices, with support from the School of

Engineering, haa begun this year a
program of support groups for gradu
ate students in engineering. We are
currently offering six support groups.
Of these six, three are for women,
including one for spouses and signifi
cant others of students, as well as

groups specifically for minority stu
dents.
Unfortunately, not enough students
are aware of this resource. It is my
hope that future publications will in
clude this information to help the stu
dents in need of this support and make
the first attempts at changing the dif
ficult conditions that they face.
Eliot Altschul
Psychology Fellow, Counseling and
Psychological Services

MM —
I am writing in reply to the Feb. 21
article, "A Clogged Engineering
Pipeline." In this article you mention
the lack of support for women and
minorities who are faced with the chal
lenges of pursuing an education and
career in engineering. It surprises me
to know that a program set up for just
such a purpose would go unmentioned.
Counseling and Psychological Serv
ices, with support from the School of

Engineering, haa begun this year a
program of support groups for gradu
ate students in engineering. We are
currently offering six support groups.
Of these six, three are for women,
including one for spouses and signifi
cant others of students, as well as

groups specifically for minority stu
dents.
Unfortunately, not enough students
are aware of this resource. It is my
hope that future publications will in
clude this information to help the stu
dents in need of this support and make
the first attempts at changing the dif
ficult conditions that they face.
Eliot Altschul
Psychology Fellow, Counseling and
Psychological Services

MM —
I am writing in reply to the Feb. 21
article, "A Clogged Engineering
Pipeline." In this article you mention
the lack of support for women and
minorities who are faced with the chal
lenges of pursuing an education and
career in engineering. It surprises me
to know that a program set up for just
such a purpose would go unmentioned.
Counseling and Psychological Serv
ices, with support from the School of

Engineering, haa begun this year a
program of support groups for gradu
ate students in engineering. We are
currently offering six support groups.
Of these six, three are for women,
including one for spouses and signifi
cant others of students, as well as

groups specifically for minority stu
dents.
Unfortunately, not enough students
are aware of this resource. It is my
hope that future publications will in
clude this information to help the stu
dents in need of this support and make
the first attempts at changing the dif
ficult conditions that they face.
Eliot Altschul
Psychology Fellow, Counseling and
Psychological Services

