# Prof Talks On Fossils
## 
### 
The way in which prehistoric fos
sils give clues to physical chmges
in the earth will be explained by
Dr. George Gaylord Simpson in a
lecture at Memorial Auditorium ;it
8 p.m. Friday. Admission is free.
Dr. Simpson, professor of paleon
tology at Columbia University, will
speak under a lectureship of the
American Association of Petroleum
Geologists. His subject will be
"The Continents During the Age of
Mammals."
Dr. Simpson will show how ani
mal migrations in early geologic
times have given scientists valu
able information on physical
changes in the earth. How changes
in the earth's basic conditions are
revealed by animal evolution and
dispersal will also be discussed. He
will touch briefly on the theory of
continental drift, intercontinental
connection, and climatic shifts.
Known as a leading American
authority on animal fossils, Dr.
Simpson has led many field expedi
tions in the United States and
abroad. These include, among oth
ers, trips to Patagonia, Venezuela,
and the San Juan Basin in New
Mexico.
An expert linguist, Dr. Simpson
served in the Office of Strategic
Services during the war. He is cur
rently compiling a Mongolian dic
tionary.
