# STUDY CARD CHANGES
## 
### 
All change of study cards must
filed by 5 p.m. Monday to avoid
■s. Miss Armista Cook, informa
ccretary in the registrar's of
inounced yesterday.
All change of study cards must
filed by 5 p.m. Monday to avoid
■s. Miss Armista Cook, informa
ccretary in the registrar's of
inounced yesterday.
All change of study cards must
filed by 5 p.m. Monday to avoid
■s. Miss Armista Cook, informa
ccretary in the registrar's of
inounced yesterday.
All change of study cards must
filed by 5 p.m. Monday to avoid
■s. Miss Armista Cook, informa
ccretary in the registrar's of
inounced yesterday.
All change of study cards must
filed by 5 p.m. Monday to avoid
■s. Miss Armista Cook, informa
ccretary in the registrar's of
inounced yesterday.
All change of study cards must
filed by 5 p.m. Monday to avoid
■s. Miss Armista Cook, informa
ccretary in the registrar's of
inounced yesterday.
All change of study cards must
filed by 5 p.m. Monday to avoid
■s. Miss Armista Cook, informa
ccretary in the registrar's of
inounced yesterday.
All change of study cards must
filed by 5 p.m. Monday to avoid
■s. Miss Armista Cook, informa
ccretary in the registrar's of
inounced yesterday.
All change of study cards must
filed by 5 p.m. Monday to avoid
■s. Miss Armista Cook, informa
ccretary in the registrar's of
inounced yesterday.
All change of study cards must
filed by 5 p.m. Monday to avoid
■s. Miss Armista Cook, informa
ccretary in the registrar's of
inounced yesterday.
All change of study cards must
filed by 5 p.m. Monday to avoid
■s. Miss Armista Cook, informa
ccretary in the registrar's of
inounced yesterday.
All change of study cards must
filed by 5 p.m. Monday to avoid
■s. Miss Armista Cook, informa
ccretary in the registrar's of
inounced yesterday.
All change of study cards must
filed by 5 p.m. Monday to avoid
■s. Miss Armista Cook, informa
ccretary in the registrar's of
inounced yesterday.
All change of study cards must
filed by 5 p.m. Monday to avoid
■s. Miss Armista Cook, informa
ccretary in the registrar's of
inounced yesterday.
All change of study cards must
filed by 5 p.m. Monday to avoid
■s. Miss Armista Cook, informa
ccretary in the registrar's of
inounced yesterday.
