# ASSU ELECTIONS
## 
### 
Winter quarter elections will bt
held in about three weeks, accord
ing to John Marin. Election Boarc
chairnrm. Marin said that a list o
ofiices to which candidates may b-.
nominated will be announced sorrn
time next week.
Winter quarter elections will bt
held in about three weeks, accord
ing to John Marin. Election Boarc
chairnrm. Marin said that a list o
ofiices to which candidates may b-.
nominated will be announced sorrn
time next week.
Winter quarter elections will bt
held in about three weeks, accord
ing to John Marin. Election Boarc
chairnrm. Marin said that a list o
ofiices to which candidates may b-.
nominated will be announced sorrn
time next week.
Winter quarter elections will bt
held in about three weeks, accord
ing to John Marin. Election Boarc
chairnrm. Marin said that a list o
ofiices to which candidates may b-.
nominated will be announced sorrn
time next week.
Winter quarter elections will bt
held in about three weeks, accord
ing to John Marin. Election Boarc
chairnrm. Marin said that a list o
ofiices to which candidates may b-.
nominated will be announced sorrn
time next week.
Winter quarter elections will bt
held in about three weeks, accord
ing to John Marin. Election Boarc
chairnrm. Marin said that a list o
ofiices to which candidates may b-.
nominated will be announced sorrn
time next week.
Winter quarter elections will bt
held in about three weeks, accord
ing to John Marin. Election Boarc
chairnrm. Marin said that a list o
ofiices to which candidates may b-.
nominated will be announced sorrn
time next week.
Winter quarter elections will bt
held in about three weeks, accord
ing to John Marin. Election Boarc
chairnrm. Marin said that a list o
ofiices to which candidates may b-.
nominated will be announced sorrn
time next week.
Winter quarter elections will bt
held in about three weeks, accord
ing to John Marin. Election Boarc
chairnrm. Marin said that a list o
ofiices to which candidates may b-.
nominated will be announced sorrn
time next week.
Winter quarter elections will bt
held in about three weeks, accord
ing to John Marin. Election Boarc
chairnrm. Marin said that a list o
ofiices to which candidates may b-.
nominated will be announced sorrn
time next week.
Winter quarter elections will bt
held in about three weeks, accord
ing to John Marin. Election Boarc
chairnrm. Marin said that a list o
ofiices to which candidates may b-.
nominated will be announced sorrn
time next week.
Winter quarter elections will bt
held in about three weeks, accord
ing to John Marin. Election Boarc
chairnrm. Marin said that a list o
ofiices to which candidates may b-.
nominated will be announced sorrn
time next week.
Winter quarter elections will bt
held in about three weeks, accord
ing to John Marin. Election Boarc
chairnrm. Marin said that a list o
ofiices to which candidates may b-.
nominated will be announced sorrn
time next week.
Winter quarter elections will bt
held in about three weeks, accord
ing to John Marin. Election Boarc
chairnrm. Marin said that a list o
ofiices to which candidates may b-.
nominated will be announced sorrn
time next week.
Winter quarter elections will bt
held in about three weeks, accord
ing to John Marin. Election Boarc
chairnrm. Marin said that a list o
ofiices to which candidates may b-.
nominated will be announced sorrn
time next week.
