# Campanile Cracking; Jensen Investigates
## 
### 
BERKELEY'. Jan. 12 (AP) —
University of California's famed
Campanile is cracking, architects
said today.
h s in no danger of coliapsc, they
explained, hut there is an increas
ing number of i'ne cracks in the
south and west faces of the 397-
foot granite spire. The university
is trying to find the cause.
Nounan Jensen, university ar
chitect, said the cracks may he due
to "anything from simple weather
ing of the granite facing to struc
tural strains caused by earth
movements."
The Campanile, topped by a 12-
licll tower, was built in 1913-14.
BERKELEY'. Jan. 12 (AP) —
University of California's famed
Campanile is cracking, architects
said today.
h s in no danger of coliapsc, they
explained, hut there is an increas
ing number of i'ne cracks in the
south and west faces of the 397-
foot granite spire. The university
is trying to find the cause.
Nounan Jensen, university ar
chitect, said the cracks may he due
to "anything from simple weather
ing of the granite facing to struc
tural strains caused by earth
movements."
The Campanile, topped by a 12-
licll tower, was built in 1913-14.
BERKELEY'. Jan. 12 (AP) —
University of California's famed
Campanile is cracking, architects
said today.
h s in no danger of coliapsc, they
explained, hut there is an increas
ing number of i'ne cracks in the
south and west faces of the 397-
foot granite spire. The university
is trying to find the cause.
Nounan Jensen, university ar
chitect, said the cracks may he due
to "anything from simple weather
ing of the granite facing to struc
tural strains caused by earth
movements."
The Campanile, topped by a 12-
licll tower, was built in 1913-14.
BERKELEY'. Jan. 12 (AP) —
University of California's famed
Campanile is cracking, architects
said today.
h s in no danger of coliapsc, they
explained, hut there is an increas
ing number of i'ne cracks in the
south and west faces of the 397-
foot granite spire. The university
is trying to find the cause.
Nounan Jensen, university ar
chitect, said the cracks may he due
to "anything from simple weather
ing of the granite facing to struc
tural strains caused by earth
movements."
The Campanile, topped by a 12-
licll tower, was built in 1913-14.
BERKELEY'. Jan. 12 (AP) —
University of California's famed
Campanile is cracking, architects
said today.
h s in no danger of coliapsc, they
explained, hut there is an increas
ing number of i'ne cracks in the
south and west faces of the 397-
foot granite spire. The university
is trying to find the cause.
Nounan Jensen, university ar
chitect, said the cracks may he due
to "anything from simple weather
ing of the granite facing to struc
tural strains caused by earth
movements."
The Campanile, topped by a 12-
licll tower, was built in 1913-14.
BERKELEY'. Jan. 12 (AP) —
University of California's famed
Campanile is cracking, architects
said today.
h s in no danger of coliapsc, they
explained, hut there is an increas
ing number of i'ne cracks in the
south and west faces of the 397-
foot granite spire. The university
is trying to find the cause.
Nounan Jensen, university ar
chitect, said the cracks may he due
to "anything from simple weather
ing of the granite facing to struc
tural strains caused by earth
movements."
The Campanile, topped by a 12-
licll tower, was built in 1913-14.
BERKELEY'. Jan. 12 (AP) —
University of California's famed
Campanile is cracking, architects
said today.
h s in no danger of coliapsc, they
explained, hut there is an increas
ing number of i'ne cracks in the
south and west faces of the 397-
foot granite spire. The university
is trying to find the cause.
Nounan Jensen, university ar
chitect, said the cracks may he due
to "anything from simple weather
ing of the granite facing to struc
tural strains caused by earth
movements."
The Campanile, topped by a 12-
licll tower, was built in 1913-14.
BERKELEY'. Jan. 12 (AP) —
University of California's famed
Campanile is cracking, architects
said today.
h s in no danger of coliapsc, they
explained, hut there is an increas
ing number of i'ne cracks in the
south and west faces of the 397-
foot granite spire. The university
is trying to find the cause.
Nounan Jensen, university ar
chitect, said the cracks may he due
to "anything from simple weather
ing of the granite facing to struc
tural strains caused by earth
movements."
The Campanile, topped by a 12-
licll tower, was built in 1913-14.
BERKELEY'. Jan. 12 (AP) —
University of California's famed
Campanile is cracking, architects
said today.
h s in no danger of coliapsc, they
explained, hut there is an increas
ing number of i'ne cracks in the
south and west faces of the 397-
foot granite spire. The university
is trying to find the cause.
Nounan Jensen, university ar
chitect, said the cracks may he due
to "anything from simple weather
ing of the granite facing to struc
tural strains caused by earth
movements."
The Campanile, topped by a 12-
licll tower, was built in 1913-14.
BERKELEY'. Jan. 12 (AP) —
University of California's famed
Campanile is cracking, architects
said today.
h s in no danger of coliapsc, they
explained, hut there is an increas
ing number of i'ne cracks in the
south and west faces of the 397-
foot granite spire. The university
is trying to find the cause.
Nounan Jensen, university ar
chitect, said the cracks may he due
to "anything from simple weather
ing of the granite facing to struc
tural strains caused by earth
movements."
The Campanile, topped by a 12-
licll tower, was built in 1913-14.
BERKELEY'. Jan. 12 (AP) —
University of California's famed
Campanile is cracking, architects
said today.
h s in no danger of coliapsc, they
explained, hut there is an increas
ing number of i'ne cracks in the
south and west faces of the 397-
foot granite spire. The university
is trying to find the cause.
Nounan Jensen, university ar
chitect, said the cracks may he due
to "anything from simple weather
ing of the granite facing to struc
tural strains caused by earth
movements."
The Campanile, topped by a 12-
licll tower, was built in 1913-14.
BERKELEY'. Jan. 12 (AP) —
University of California's famed
Campanile is cracking, architects
said today.
h s in no danger of coliapsc, they
explained, hut there is an increas
ing number of i'ne cracks in the
south and west faces of the 397-
foot granite spire. The university
is trying to find the cause.
Nounan Jensen, university ar
chitect, said the cracks may he due
to "anything from simple weather
ing of the granite facing to struc
tural strains caused by earth
movements."
The Campanile, topped by a 12-
licll tower, was built in 1913-14.
BERKELEY'. Jan. 12 (AP) —
University of California's famed
Campanile is cracking, architects
said today.
h s in no danger of coliapsc, they
explained, hut there is an increas
ing number of i'ne cracks in the
south and west faces of the 397-
foot granite spire. The university
is trying to find the cause.
Nounan Jensen, university ar
chitect, said the cracks may he due
to "anything from simple weather
ing of the granite facing to struc
tural strains caused by earth
movements."
The Campanile, topped by a 12-
licll tower, was built in 1913-14.
BERKELEY'. Jan. 12 (AP) —
University of California's famed
Campanile is cracking, architects
said today.
h s in no danger of coliapsc, they
explained, hut there is an increas
ing number of i'ne cracks in the
south and west faces of the 397-
foot granite spire. The university
is trying to find the cause.
Nounan Jensen, university ar
chitect, said the cracks may he due
to "anything from simple weather
ing of the granite facing to struc
tural strains caused by earth
movements."
The Campanile, topped by a 12-
licll tower, was built in 1913-14.
BERKELEY'. Jan. 12 (AP) —
University of California's famed
Campanile is cracking, architects
said today.
h s in no danger of coliapsc, they
explained, hut there is an increas
ing number of i'ne cracks in the
south and west faces of the 397-
foot granite spire. The university
is trying to find the cause.
Nounan Jensen, university ar
chitect, said the cracks may he due
to "anything from simple weather
ing of the granite facing to struc
tural strains caused by earth
movements."
The Campanile, topped by a 12-
licll tower, was built in 1913-14.
