# Newman Club Plans Snow Trip, Retreat
## 
### 
Newman Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight at 7:45 at St.
Thomas Aquinas Hall. Homer and
Weverley Streets. Palo Alto, to dis
cuss plans and sign up for its com
ing snow trip.
Father McGuire will speak to the
croup. A sign-up will be held for

a retreat lor Newman Club men
planned for the third weekend in
January. Men interested in the re
treat who cannot attend tonight's
meeting should call Andy Hanley,
Eneina, room 347.
Cars will leave from Roble and
Branner for the meeting at 7:30 p.m.
Newman Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight at 7:45 at St.
Thomas Aquinas Hall. Homer and
Weverley Streets. Palo Alto, to dis
cuss plans and sign up for its com
ing snow trip.
Father McGuire will speak to the
croup. A sign-up will be held for

a retreat lor Newman Club men
planned for the third weekend in
January. Men interested in the re
treat who cannot attend tonight's
meeting should call Andy Hanley,
Eneina, room 347.
Cars will leave from Roble and
Branner for the meeting at 7:30 p.m.
Newman Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight at 7:45 at St.
Thomas Aquinas Hall. Homer and
Weverley Streets. Palo Alto, to dis
cuss plans and sign up for its com
ing snow trip.
Father McGuire will speak to the
croup. A sign-up will be held for

a retreat lor Newman Club men
planned for the third weekend in
January. Men interested in the re
treat who cannot attend tonight's
meeting should call Andy Hanley,
Eneina, room 347.
Cars will leave from Roble and
Branner for the meeting at 7:30 p.m.
Newman Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight at 7:45 at St.
Thomas Aquinas Hall. Homer and
Weverley Streets. Palo Alto, to dis
cuss plans and sign up for its com
ing snow trip.
Father McGuire will speak to the
croup. A sign-up will be held for

a retreat lor Newman Club men
planned for the third weekend in
January. Men interested in the re
treat who cannot attend tonight's
meeting should call Andy Hanley,
Eneina, room 347.
Cars will leave from Roble and
Branner for the meeting at 7:30 p.m.
Newman Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight at 7:45 at St.
Thomas Aquinas Hall. Homer and
Weverley Streets. Palo Alto, to dis
cuss plans and sign up for its com
ing snow trip.
Father McGuire will speak to the
croup. A sign-up will be held for

a retreat lor Newman Club men
planned for the third weekend in
January. Men interested in the re
treat who cannot attend tonight's
meeting should call Andy Hanley,
Eneina, room 347.
Cars will leave from Roble and
Branner for the meeting at 7:30 p.m.
Newman Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight at 7:45 at St.
Thomas Aquinas Hall. Homer and
Weverley Streets. Palo Alto, to dis
cuss plans and sign up for its com
ing snow trip.
Father McGuire will speak to the
croup. A sign-up will be held for

a retreat lor Newman Club men
planned for the third weekend in
January. Men interested in the re
treat who cannot attend tonight's
meeting should call Andy Hanley,
Eneina, room 347.
Cars will leave from Roble and
Branner for the meeting at 7:30 p.m.
Newman Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight at 7:45 at St.
Thomas Aquinas Hall. Homer and
Weverley Streets. Palo Alto, to dis
cuss plans and sign up for its com
ing snow trip.
Father McGuire will speak to the
croup. A sign-up will be held for

a retreat lor Newman Club men
planned for the third weekend in
January. Men interested in the re
treat who cannot attend tonight's
meeting should call Andy Hanley,
Eneina, room 347.
Cars will leave from Roble and
Branner for the meeting at 7:30 p.m.
Newman Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight at 7:45 at St.
Thomas Aquinas Hall. Homer and
Weverley Streets. Palo Alto, to dis
cuss plans and sign up for its com
ing snow trip.
Father McGuire will speak to the
croup. A sign-up will be held for

a retreat lor Newman Club men
planned for the third weekend in
January. Men interested in the re
treat who cannot attend tonight's
meeting should call Andy Hanley,
Eneina, room 347.
Cars will leave from Roble and
Branner for the meeting at 7:30 p.m.
Newman Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight at 7:45 at St.
Thomas Aquinas Hall. Homer and
Weverley Streets. Palo Alto, to dis
cuss plans and sign up for its com
ing snow trip.
Father McGuire will speak to the
croup. A sign-up will be held for

a retreat lor Newman Club men
planned for the third weekend in
January. Men interested in the re
treat who cannot attend tonight's
meeting should call Andy Hanley,
Eneina, room 347.
Cars will leave from Roble and
Branner for the meeting at 7:30 p.m.
Newman Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight at 7:45 at St.
Thomas Aquinas Hall. Homer and
Weverley Streets. Palo Alto, to dis
cuss plans and sign up for its com
ing snow trip.
Father McGuire will speak to the
croup. A sign-up will be held for

a retreat lor Newman Club men
planned for the third weekend in
January. Men interested in the re
treat who cannot attend tonight's
meeting should call Andy Hanley,
Eneina, room 347.
Cars will leave from Roble and
Branner for the meeting at 7:30 p.m.
Newman Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight at 7:45 at St.
Thomas Aquinas Hall. Homer and
Weverley Streets. Palo Alto, to dis
cuss plans and sign up for its com
ing snow trip.
Father McGuire will speak to the
croup. A sign-up will be held for

a retreat lor Newman Club men
planned for the third weekend in
January. Men interested in the re
treat who cannot attend tonight's
meeting should call Andy Hanley,
Eneina, room 347.
Cars will leave from Roble and
Branner for the meeting at 7:30 p.m.
Newman Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight at 7:45 at St.
Thomas Aquinas Hall. Homer and
Weverley Streets. Palo Alto, to dis
cuss plans and sign up for its com
ing snow trip.
Father McGuire will speak to the
croup. A sign-up will be held for

a retreat lor Newman Club men
planned for the third weekend in
January. Men interested in the re
treat who cannot attend tonight's
meeting should call Andy Hanley,
Eneina, room 347.
Cars will leave from Roble and
Branner for the meeting at 7:30 p.m.
Newman Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight at 7:45 at St.
Thomas Aquinas Hall. Homer and
Weverley Streets. Palo Alto, to dis
cuss plans and sign up for its com
ing snow trip.
Father McGuire will speak to the
croup. A sign-up will be held for

a retreat lor Newman Club men
planned for the third weekend in
January. Men interested in the re
treat who cannot attend tonight's
meeting should call Andy Hanley,
Eneina, room 347.
Cars will leave from Roble and
Branner for the meeting at 7:30 p.m.
Newman Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight at 7:45 at St.
Thomas Aquinas Hall. Homer and
Weverley Streets. Palo Alto, to dis
cuss plans and sign up for its com
ing snow trip.
Father McGuire will speak to the
croup. A sign-up will be held for

a retreat lor Newman Club men
planned for the third weekend in
January. Men interested in the re
treat who cannot attend tonight's
meeting should call Andy Hanley,
Eneina, room 347.
Cars will leave from Roble and
Branner for the meeting at 7:30 p.m.
Newman Club will hold its regu
lar meeting tonight at 7:45 at St.
Thomas Aquinas Hall. Homer and
Weverley Streets. Palo Alto, to dis
cuss plans and sign up for its com
ing snow trip.
Father McGuire will speak to the
croup. A sign-up will be held for

a retreat lor Newman Club men
planned for the third weekend in
January. Men interested in the re
treat who cannot attend tonight's
meeting should call Andy Hanley,
Eneina, room 347.
Cars will leave from Roble and
Branner for the meeting at 7:30 p.m.
