# Untitled Article
## 
### 

NO, WE AREN'T going to talk up that good old Stanford tradition—
"Give 'Em a Ride." We Hist want to sav thanks to the drivers who've
been quick to pick up students these days of freezing weather.

NO, WE AREN'T going to talk up that good old Stanford tradition—
"Give 'Em a Ride." We Hist want to sav thanks to the drivers who've
been quick to pick up students these days of freezing weather.

NO, WE AREN'T going to talk up that good old Stanford tradition—
"Give 'Em a Ride." We Hist want to sav thanks to the drivers who've
been quick to pick up students these days of freezing weather.

NO, WE AREN'T going to talk up that good old Stanford tradition—
"Give 'Em a Ride." We Hist want to sav thanks to the drivers who've
been quick to pick up students these days of freezing weather.

NO, WE AREN'T going to talk up that good old Stanford tradition—
"Give 'Em a Ride." We Hist want to sav thanks to the drivers who've
been quick to pick up students these days of freezing weather.

NO, WE AREN'T going to talk up that good old Stanford tradition—
"Give 'Em a Ride." We Hist want to sav thanks to the drivers who've
been quick to pick up students these days of freezing weather.

NO, WE AREN'T going to talk up that good old Stanford tradition—
"Give 'Em a Ride." We Hist want to sav thanks to the drivers who've
been quick to pick up students these days of freezing weather.

NO, WE AREN'T going to talk up that good old Stanford tradition—
"Give 'Em a Ride." We Hist want to sav thanks to the drivers who've
been quick to pick up students these days of freezing weather.

NO, WE AREN'T going to talk up that good old Stanford tradition—
"Give 'Em a Ride." We Hist want to sav thanks to the drivers who've
been quick to pick up students these days of freezing weather.

NO, WE AREN'T going to talk up that good old Stanford tradition—
"Give 'Em a Ride." We Hist want to sav thanks to the drivers who've
been quick to pick up students these days of freezing weather.

NO, WE AREN'T going to talk up that good old Stanford tradition—
"Give 'Em a Ride." We Hist want to sav thanks to the drivers who've
been quick to pick up students these days of freezing weather.

NO, WE AREN'T going to talk up that good old Stanford tradition—
"Give 'Em a Ride." We Hist want to sav thanks to the drivers who've
been quick to pick up students these days of freezing weather.

NO, WE AREN'T going to talk up that good old Stanford tradition—
"Give 'Em a Ride." We Hist want to sav thanks to the drivers who've
been quick to pick up students these days of freezing weather.

NO, WE AREN'T going to talk up that good old Stanford tradition—
"Give 'Em a Ride." We Hist want to sav thanks to the drivers who've
been quick to pick up students these days of freezing weather.

NO, WE AREN'T going to talk up that good old Stanford tradition—
"Give 'Em a Ride." We Hist want to sav thanks to the drivers who've
been quick to pick up students these days of freezing weather.
