# MARRIAGE
## 
### 
Roth House announces the mar
riage of Ann Fair, '51, and Ted
Roelfsema, '50. The couple were
married Saturday in Reno, Nevada.
Roth House announces the mar
riage of Ann Fair, '51, and Ted
Roelfsema, '50. The couple were
married Saturday in Reno, Nevada.
Roth House announces the mar
riage of Ann Fair, '51, and Ted
Roelfsema, '50. The couple were
married Saturday in Reno, Nevada.
Roth House announces the mar
riage of Ann Fair, '51, and Ted
Roelfsema, '50. The couple were
married Saturday in Reno, Nevada.
Roth House announces the mar
riage of Ann Fair, '51, and Ted
Roelfsema, '50. The couple were
married Saturday in Reno, Nevada.
Roth House announces the mar
riage of Ann Fair, '51, and Ted
Roelfsema, '50. The couple were
married Saturday in Reno, Nevada.
Roth House announces the mar
riage of Ann Fair, '51, and Ted
Roelfsema, '50. The couple were
married Saturday in Reno, Nevada.
Roth House announces the mar
riage of Ann Fair, '51, and Ted
Roelfsema, '50. The couple were
married Saturday in Reno, Nevada.
Roth House announces the mar
riage of Ann Fair, '51, and Ted
Roelfsema, '50. The couple were
married Saturday in Reno, Nevada.
Roth House announces the mar
riage of Ann Fair, '51, and Ted
Roelfsema, '50. The couple were
married Saturday in Reno, Nevada.
Roth House announces the mar
riage of Ann Fair, '51, and Ted
Roelfsema, '50. The couple were
married Saturday in Reno, Nevada.
Roth House announces the mar
riage of Ann Fair, '51, and Ted
Roelfsema, '50. The couple were
married Saturday in Reno, Nevada.
Roth House announces the mar
riage of Ann Fair, '51, and Ted
Roelfsema, '50. The couple were
married Saturday in Reno, Nevada.
Roth House announces the mar
riage of Ann Fair, '51, and Ted
Roelfsema, '50. The couple were
married Saturday in Reno, Nevada.
