# French Line Punctured
## 
### 
SAIGON. French Indo - China —
Communist Viet Minh rebels have
punctured the new French defense
line 120 miles east and north of
Hanoi.
On the far north frontier, the
Reds have driven to within 1.600
yards of the outpost guarding Lao
kay, a French military spokesman
said today.
French evacuation of Laokay, 160
miles northwest of Hanoi along a
na<viral invasion corridor, appeared
likely at any minute, the spokesman
said.
SAIGON. French Indo - China —
Communist Viet Minh rebels have
punctured the new French defense
line 120 miles east and north of
Hanoi.
On the far north frontier, the
Reds have driven to within 1.600
yards of the outpost guarding Lao
kay, a French military spokesman
said today.
French evacuation of Laokay, 160
miles northwest of Hanoi along a
na<viral invasion corridor, appeared
likely at any minute, the spokesman
said.
SAIGON. French Indo - China —
Communist Viet Minh rebels have
punctured the new French defense
line 120 miles east and north of
Hanoi.
On the far north frontier, the
Reds have driven to within 1.600
yards of the outpost guarding Lao
kay, a French military spokesman
said today.
French evacuation of Laokay, 160
miles northwest of Hanoi along a
na<viral invasion corridor, appeared
likely at any minute, the spokesman
said.
SAIGON. French Indo - China —
Communist Viet Minh rebels have
punctured the new French defense
line 120 miles east and north of
Hanoi.
On the far north frontier, the
Reds have driven to within 1.600
yards of the outpost guarding Lao
kay, a French military spokesman
said today.
French evacuation of Laokay, 160
miles northwest of Hanoi along a
na<viral invasion corridor, appeared
likely at any minute, the spokesman
said.
SAIGON. French Indo - China —
Communist Viet Minh rebels have
punctured the new French defense
line 120 miles east and north of
Hanoi.
On the far north frontier, the
Reds have driven to within 1.600
yards of the outpost guarding Lao
kay, a French military spokesman
said today.
French evacuation of Laokay, 160
miles northwest of Hanoi along a
na<viral invasion corridor, appeared
likely at any minute, the spokesman
said.
SAIGON. French Indo - China —
Communist Viet Minh rebels have
punctured the new French defense
line 120 miles east and north of
Hanoi.
On the far north frontier, the
Reds have driven to within 1.600
yards of the outpost guarding Lao
kay, a French military spokesman
said today.
French evacuation of Laokay, 160
miles northwest of Hanoi along a
na<viral invasion corridor, appeared
likely at any minute, the spokesman
said.
SAIGON. French Indo - China —
Communist Viet Minh rebels have
punctured the new French defense
line 120 miles east and north of
Hanoi.
On the far north frontier, the
Reds have driven to within 1.600
yards of the outpost guarding Lao
kay, a French military spokesman
said today.
French evacuation of Laokay, 160
miles northwest of Hanoi along a
na<viral invasion corridor, appeared
likely at any minute, the spokesman
said.
SAIGON. French Indo - China —
Communist Viet Minh rebels have
punctured the new French defense
line 120 miles east and north of
Hanoi.
On the far north frontier, the
Reds have driven to within 1.600
yards of the outpost guarding Lao
kay, a French military spokesman
said today.
French evacuation of Laokay, 160
miles northwest of Hanoi along a
na<viral invasion corridor, appeared
likely at any minute, the spokesman
said.
SAIGON. French Indo - China —
Communist Viet Minh rebels have
punctured the new French defense
line 120 miles east and north of
Hanoi.
On the far north frontier, the
Reds have driven to within 1.600
yards of the outpost guarding Lao
kay, a French military spokesman
said today.
French evacuation of Laokay, 160
miles northwest of Hanoi along a
na<viral invasion corridor, appeared
likely at any minute, the spokesman
said.
SAIGON. French Indo - China —
Communist Viet Minh rebels have
punctured the new French defense
line 120 miles east and north of
Hanoi.
On the far north frontier, the
Reds have driven to within 1.600
yards of the outpost guarding Lao
kay, a French military spokesman
said today.
French evacuation of Laokay, 160
miles northwest of Hanoi along a
na<viral invasion corridor, appeared
likely at any minute, the spokesman
said.
SAIGON. French Indo - China —
Communist Viet Minh rebels have
punctured the new French defense
line 120 miles east and north of
Hanoi.
On the far north frontier, the
Reds have driven to within 1.600
yards of the outpost guarding Lao
kay, a French military spokesman
said today.
French evacuation of Laokay, 160
miles northwest of Hanoi along a
na<viral invasion corridor, appeared
likely at any minute, the spokesman
said.
SAIGON. French Indo - China —
Communist Viet Minh rebels have
punctured the new French defense
line 120 miles east and north of
Hanoi.
On the far north frontier, the
Reds have driven to within 1.600
yards of the outpost guarding Lao
kay, a French military spokesman
said today.
French evacuation of Laokay, 160
miles northwest of Hanoi along a
na<viral invasion corridor, appeared
likely at any minute, the spokesman
said.
SAIGON. French Indo - China —
Communist Viet Minh rebels have
punctured the new French defense
line 120 miles east and north of
Hanoi.
On the far north frontier, the
Reds have driven to within 1.600
yards of the outpost guarding Lao
kay, a French military spokesman
said today.
French evacuation of Laokay, 160
miles northwest of Hanoi along a
na<viral invasion corridor, appeared
likely at any minute, the spokesman
said.
SAIGON. French Indo - China —
Communist Viet Minh rebels have
punctured the new French defense
line 120 miles east and north of
Hanoi.
On the far north frontier, the
Reds have driven to within 1.600
yards of the outpost guarding Lao
kay, a French military spokesman
said today.
French evacuation of Laokay, 160
miles northwest of Hanoi along a
na<viral invasion corridor, appeared
likely at any minute, the spokesman
said.
