# Albert Leads Forty-Niners
## 
### 
The San Francisco Forty-Niners
knocked off Baltimore 17 to 14 yes
terday as Frankie Albert led the
team to its second consecutive vic
tory. Albert set up one score by
passing to Alex Lloyd on the Colt
three-yard line, and scored the oth
er on a quarterback sneak.
Norman Saltau's field goal in the
fourth period provided the margin
of victory.
A couple of surprising upsets
rocked the pro circuit as the New
York Giants, twice conquerors of
Cleveland, fell before the lowly
Chicago Cards 17 to 3. In the mean
time the New York Yanks were
socking the Chicago Bears, power
house of the old National League,
38 to 27.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners
knocked off Baltimore 17 to 14 yes
terday as Frankie Albert led the
team to its second consecutive vic
tory. Albert set up one score by
passing to Alex Lloyd on the Colt
three-yard line, and scored the oth
er on a quarterback sneak.
Norman Saltau's field goal in the
fourth period provided the margin
of victory.
A couple of surprising upsets
rocked the pro circuit as the New
York Giants, twice conquerors of
Cleveland, fell before the lowly
Chicago Cards 17 to 3. In the mean
time the New York Yanks were
socking the Chicago Bears, power
house of the old National League,
38 to 27.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners
knocked off Baltimore 17 to 14 yes
terday as Frankie Albert led the
team to its second consecutive vic
tory. Albert set up one score by
passing to Alex Lloyd on the Colt
three-yard line, and scored the oth
er on a quarterback sneak.
Norman Saltau's field goal in the
fourth period provided the margin
of victory.
A couple of surprising upsets
rocked the pro circuit as the New
York Giants, twice conquerors of
Cleveland, fell before the lowly
Chicago Cards 17 to 3. In the mean
time the New York Yanks were
socking the Chicago Bears, power
house of the old National League,
38 to 27.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners
knocked off Baltimore 17 to 14 yes
terday as Frankie Albert led the
team to its second consecutive vic
tory. Albert set up one score by
passing to Alex Lloyd on the Colt
three-yard line, and scored the oth
er on a quarterback sneak.
Norman Saltau's field goal in the
fourth period provided the margin
of victory.
A couple of surprising upsets
rocked the pro circuit as the New
York Giants, twice conquerors of
Cleveland, fell before the lowly
Chicago Cards 17 to 3. In the mean
time the New York Yanks were
socking the Chicago Bears, power
house of the old National League,
38 to 27.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners
knocked off Baltimore 17 to 14 yes
terday as Frankie Albert led the
team to its second consecutive vic
tory. Albert set up one score by
passing to Alex Lloyd on the Colt
three-yard line, and scored the oth
er on a quarterback sneak.
Norman Saltau's field goal in the
fourth period provided the margin
of victory.
A couple of surprising upsets
rocked the pro circuit as the New
York Giants, twice conquerors of
Cleveland, fell before the lowly
Chicago Cards 17 to 3. In the mean
time the New York Yanks were
socking the Chicago Bears, power
house of the old National League,
38 to 27.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners
knocked off Baltimore 17 to 14 yes
terday as Frankie Albert led the
team to its second consecutive vic
tory. Albert set up one score by
passing to Alex Lloyd on the Colt
three-yard line, and scored the oth
er on a quarterback sneak.
Norman Saltau's field goal in the
fourth period provided the margin
of victory.
A couple of surprising upsets
rocked the pro circuit as the New
York Giants, twice conquerors of
Cleveland, fell before the lowly
Chicago Cards 17 to 3. In the mean
time the New York Yanks were
socking the Chicago Bears, power
house of the old National League,
38 to 27.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners
knocked off Baltimore 17 to 14 yes
terday as Frankie Albert led the
team to its second consecutive vic
tory. Albert set up one score by
passing to Alex Lloyd on the Colt
three-yard line, and scored the oth
er on a quarterback sneak.
Norman Saltau's field goal in the
fourth period provided the margin
of victory.
A couple of surprising upsets
rocked the pro circuit as the New
York Giants, twice conquerors of
Cleveland, fell before the lowly
Chicago Cards 17 to 3. In the mean
time the New York Yanks were
socking the Chicago Bears, power
house of the old National League,
38 to 27.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners
knocked off Baltimore 17 to 14 yes
terday as Frankie Albert led the
team to its second consecutive vic
tory. Albert set up one score by
passing to Alex Lloyd on the Colt
three-yard line, and scored the oth
er on a quarterback sneak.
Norman Saltau's field goal in the
fourth period provided the margin
of victory.
A couple of surprising upsets
rocked the pro circuit as the New
York Giants, twice conquerors of
Cleveland, fell before the lowly
Chicago Cards 17 to 3. In the mean
time the New York Yanks were
socking the Chicago Bears, power
house of the old National League,
38 to 27.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners
knocked off Baltimore 17 to 14 yes
terday as Frankie Albert led the
team to its second consecutive vic
tory. Albert set up one score by
passing to Alex Lloyd on the Colt
three-yard line, and scored the oth
er on a quarterback sneak.
Norman Saltau's field goal in the
fourth period provided the margin
of victory.
A couple of surprising upsets
rocked the pro circuit as the New
York Giants, twice conquerors of
Cleveland, fell before the lowly
Chicago Cards 17 to 3. In the mean
time the New York Yanks were
socking the Chicago Bears, power
house of the old National League,
38 to 27.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners
knocked off Baltimore 17 to 14 yes
terday as Frankie Albert led the
team to its second consecutive vic
tory. Albert set up one score by
passing to Alex Lloyd on the Colt
three-yard line, and scored the oth
er on a quarterback sneak.
Norman Saltau's field goal in the
fourth period provided the margin
of victory.
A couple of surprising upsets
rocked the pro circuit as the New
York Giants, twice conquerors of
Cleveland, fell before the lowly
Chicago Cards 17 to 3. In the mean
time the New York Yanks were
socking the Chicago Bears, power
house of the old National League,
38 to 27.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners
knocked off Baltimore 17 to 14 yes
terday as Frankie Albert led the
team to its second consecutive vic
tory. Albert set up one score by
passing to Alex Lloyd on the Colt
three-yard line, and scored the oth
er on a quarterback sneak.
Norman Saltau's field goal in the
fourth period provided the margin
of victory.
A couple of surprising upsets
rocked the pro circuit as the New
York Giants, twice conquerors of
Cleveland, fell before the lowly
Chicago Cards 17 to 3. In the mean
time the New York Yanks were
socking the Chicago Bears, power
house of the old National League,
38 to 27.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners
knocked off Baltimore 17 to 14 yes
terday as Frankie Albert led the
team to its second consecutive vic
tory. Albert set up one score by
passing to Alex Lloyd on the Colt
three-yard line, and scored the oth
er on a quarterback sneak.
Norman Saltau's field goal in the
fourth period provided the margin
of victory.
A couple of surprising upsets
rocked the pro circuit as the New
York Giants, twice conquerors of
Cleveland, fell before the lowly
Chicago Cards 17 to 3. In the mean
time the New York Yanks were
socking the Chicago Bears, power
house of the old National League,
38 to 27.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners
knocked off Baltimore 17 to 14 yes
terday as Frankie Albert led the
team to its second consecutive vic
tory. Albert set up one score by
passing to Alex Lloyd on the Colt
three-yard line, and scored the oth
er on a quarterback sneak.
Norman Saltau's field goal in the
fourth period provided the margin
of victory.
A couple of surprising upsets
rocked the pro circuit as the New
York Giants, twice conquerors of
Cleveland, fell before the lowly
Chicago Cards 17 to 3. In the mean
time the New York Yanks were
socking the Chicago Bears, power
house of the old National League,
38 to 27.
The San Francisco Forty-Niners
knocked off Baltimore 17 to 14 yes
terday as Frankie Albert led the
team to its second consecutive vic
tory. Albert set up one score by
passing to Alex Lloyd on the Colt
three-yard line, and scored the oth
er on a quarterback sneak.
Norman Saltau's field goal in the
fourth period provided the margin
of victory.
A couple of surprising upsets
rocked the pro circuit as the New
York Giants, twice conquerors of
Cleveland, fell before the lowly
Chicago Cards 17 to 3. In the mean
time the New York Yanks were
socking the Chicago Bears, power
house of the old National League,
38 to 27.
