# Mural Sked Revised; Football on Saturday
## 
### 
Starting today the intramural
football schedule will be revised.
Because of the weather and back
log of postponed games, the new
plans call for mural football on Sat
urday at 9 a.m. and 10 a.m. on all
fields. Football will be played now
at 4:15 p.m. only on weekdays. The
complete reschedule is available for
managers in the intramural office.
Starting today the intramural
football schedule will be revised.
Because of the weather and back
log of postponed games, the new
plans call for mural football on Sat
urday at 9 a.m. and 10 a.m. on all
fields. Football will be played now
at 4:15 p.m. only on weekdays. The
complete reschedule is available for
managers in the intramural office.
Starting today the intramural
football schedule will be revised.
Because of the weather and back
log of postponed games, the new
plans call for mural football on Sat
urday at 9 a.m. and 10 a.m. on all
fields. Football will be played now
at 4:15 p.m. only on weekdays. The
complete reschedule is available for
managers in the intramural office.
Starting today the intramural
football schedule will be revised.
Because of the weather and back
log of postponed games, the new
plans call for mural football on Sat
urday at 9 a.m. and 10 a.m. on all
fields. Football will be played now
at 4:15 p.m. only on weekdays. The
complete reschedule is available for
managers in the intramural office.
Starting today the intramural
football schedule will be revised.
Because of the weather and back
log of postponed games, the new
plans call for mural football on Sat
urday at 9 a.m. and 10 a.m. on all
fields. Football will be played now
at 4:15 p.m. only on weekdays. The
complete reschedule is available for
managers in the intramural office.
Starting today the intramural
football schedule will be revised.
Because of the weather and back
log of postponed games, the new
plans call for mural football on Sat
urday at 9 a.m. and 10 a.m. on all
fields. Football will be played now
at 4:15 p.m. only on weekdays. The
complete reschedule is available for
managers in the intramural office.
Starting today the intramural
football schedule will be revised.
Because of the weather and back
log of postponed games, the new
plans call for mural football on Sat
urday at 9 a.m. and 10 a.m. on all
fields. Football will be played now
at 4:15 p.m. only on weekdays. The
complete reschedule is available for
managers in the intramural office.
Starting today the intramural
football schedule will be revised.
Because of the weather and back
log of postponed games, the new
plans call for mural football on Sat
urday at 9 a.m. and 10 a.m. on all
fields. Football will be played now
at 4:15 p.m. only on weekdays. The
complete reschedule is available for
managers in the intramural office.
Starting today the intramural
football schedule will be revised.
Because of the weather and back
log of postponed games, the new
plans call for mural football on Sat
urday at 9 a.m. and 10 a.m. on all
fields. Football will be played now
at 4:15 p.m. only on weekdays. The
complete reschedule is available for
managers in the intramural office.
Starting today the intramural
football schedule will be revised.
Because of the weather and back
log of postponed games, the new
plans call for mural football on Sat
urday at 9 a.m. and 10 a.m. on all
fields. Football will be played now
at 4:15 p.m. only on weekdays. The
complete reschedule is available for
managers in the intramural office.
Starting today the intramural
football schedule will be revised.
Because of the weather and back
log of postponed games, the new
plans call for mural football on Sat
urday at 9 a.m. and 10 a.m. on all
fields. Football will be played now
at 4:15 p.m. only on weekdays. The
complete reschedule is available for
managers in the intramural office.
Starting today the intramural
football schedule will be revised.
Because of the weather and back
log of postponed games, the new
plans call for mural football on Sat
urday at 9 a.m. and 10 a.m. on all
fields. Football will be played now
at 4:15 p.m. only on weekdays. The
complete reschedule is available for
managers in the intramural office.
Starting today the intramural
football schedule will be revised.
Because of the weather and back
log of postponed games, the new
plans call for mural football on Sat
urday at 9 a.m. and 10 a.m. on all
fields. Football will be played now
at 4:15 p.m. only on weekdays. The
complete reschedule is available for
managers in the intramural office.
Starting today the intramural
football schedule will be revised.
Because of the weather and back
log of postponed games, the new
plans call for mural football on Sat
urday at 9 a.m. and 10 a.m. on all
fields. Football will be played now
at 4:15 p.m. only on weekdays. The
complete reschedule is available for
managers in the intramural office.
