# Roble to Sponsor Christmas Dance
## 
### 
The last on-campus dance of Au
tumn Quarter, the Roble Formal,
will be held in the Women's Gym,
Dec. 5 .
Open to all lower division women,
the dance will feature a Christmas
theme, complete with snowmen and
Santa Claus.
Vashti O'Donnell, junior sponsor
at Roble, is general chairman. Com
mittee chairmen assisting her in
clude: decorations, Bobbie Upshaw
and Marjorie Welch; patrons, Bar
bara Chapman; refreshments, Doris
Butler and Isabelle Chadwick; re
ception. Betty Miller and Lome
Freeman; clean-up, Gail Irvine and
Barbara Stofer, tickets, Marcia
Smith and Pat Bruni; arrange
ments, Marian Bush, and publicity,
Ellen Marcus.
Bids will go on sale in the next
two or three weeks for $1.50 and
will be limited to 300.
