# MARCH FIELD VICTORY
## 
### 
SAN DIEGO, Nov, 15 (UP).-The
March Field football squad today
scored an upset 33 to 12 victory
over the San Diego Bombers pro
football team.
SAN DIEGO, Nov, 15 (UP).-The
March Field football squad today
scored an upset 33 to 12 victory
over the San Diego Bombers pro
football team.
SAN DIEGO, Nov, 15 (UP).-The
March Field football squad today
scored an upset 33 to 12 victory
over the San Diego Bombers pro
football team.
SAN DIEGO, Nov, 15 (UP).-The
March Field football squad today
scored an upset 33 to 12 victory
over the San Diego Bombers pro
football team.
SAN DIEGO, Nov, 15 (UP).-The
March Field football squad today
scored an upset 33 to 12 victory
over the San Diego Bombers pro
football team.
SAN DIEGO, Nov, 15 (UP).-The
March Field football squad today
scored an upset 33 to 12 victory
over the San Diego Bombers pro
football team.
SAN DIEGO, Nov, 15 (UP).-The
March Field football squad today
scored an upset 33 to 12 victory
over the San Diego Bombers pro
football team.
SAN DIEGO, Nov, 15 (UP).-The
March Field football squad today
scored an upset 33 to 12 victory
over the San Diego Bombers pro
football team.
SAN DIEGO, Nov, 15 (UP).-The
March Field football squad today
scored an upset 33 to 12 victory
over the San Diego Bombers pro
football team.
SAN DIEGO, Nov, 15 (UP).-The
March Field football squad today
scored an upset 33 to 12 victory
over the San Diego Bombers pro
football team.
SAN DIEGO, Nov, 15 (UP).-The
March Field football squad today
scored an upset 33 to 12 victory
over the San Diego Bombers pro
football team.
SAN DIEGO, Nov, 15 (UP).-The
March Field football squad today
scored an upset 33 to 12 victory
over the San Diego Bombers pro
football team.
SAN DIEGO, Nov, 15 (UP).-The
March Field football squad today
scored an upset 33 to 12 victory
over the San Diego Bombers pro
football team.
SAN DIEGO, Nov, 15 (UP).-The
March Field football squad today
scored an upset 33 to 12 victory
over the San Diego Bombers pro
football team.
SAN DIEGO, Nov, 15 (UP).-The
March Field football squad today
scored an upset 33 to 12 victory
over the San Diego Bombers pro
football team.
SAN DIEGO, Nov, 15 (UP).-The
March Field football squad today
scored an upset 33 to 12 victory
over the San Diego Bombers pro
football team.
SAN DIEGO, Nov, 15 (UP).-The
March Field football squad today
scored an upset 33 to 12 victory
over the San Diego Bombers pro
football team.
SAN DIEGO, Nov, 15 (UP).-The
March Field football squad today
scored an upset 33 to 12 victory
over the San Diego Bombers pro
football team.
