# Toyon Open House For Frosh Postponed
## 
### 
The inter-club smoker and open
house for frosh scheduled for Tues
day evening in Toyon lobby has
been postponed 1 eeause there are
too many events going on due to
the Big Game. The activity calen
dar is filled.
The inter-club smoker and open
house for frosh scheduled for Tues
day evening in Toyon lobby has
been postponed 1 eeause there are
too many events going on due to
the Big Game. The activity calen
dar is filled.
The inter-club smoker and open
house for frosh scheduled for Tues
day evening in Toyon lobby has
been postponed 1 eeause there are
too many events going on due to
the Big Game. The activity calen
dar is filled.
The inter-club smoker and open
house for frosh scheduled for Tues
day evening in Toyon lobby has
been postponed 1 eeause there are
too many events going on due to
the Big Game. The activity calen
dar is filled.
The inter-club smoker and open
house for frosh scheduled for Tues
day evening in Toyon lobby has
been postponed 1 eeause there are
too many events going on due to
the Big Game. The activity calen
dar is filled.
The inter-club smoker and open
house for frosh scheduled for Tues
day evening in Toyon lobby has
been postponed 1 eeause there are
too many events going on due to
the Big Game. The activity calen
dar is filled.
The inter-club smoker and open
house for frosh scheduled for Tues
day evening in Toyon lobby has
been postponed 1 eeause there are
too many events going on due to
the Big Game. The activity calen
dar is filled.
The inter-club smoker and open
house for frosh scheduled for Tues
day evening in Toyon lobby has
been postponed 1 eeause there are
too many events going on due to
the Big Game. The activity calen
dar is filled.
The inter-club smoker and open
house for frosh scheduled for Tues
day evening in Toyon lobby has
been postponed 1 eeause there are
too many events going on due to
the Big Game. The activity calen
dar is filled.
The inter-club smoker and open
house for frosh scheduled for Tues
day evening in Toyon lobby has
been postponed 1 eeause there are
too many events going on due to
the Big Game. The activity calen
dar is filled.
The inter-club smoker and open
house for frosh scheduled for Tues
day evening in Toyon lobby has
been postponed 1 eeause there are
too many events going on due to
the Big Game. The activity calen
dar is filled.
The inter-club smoker and open
house for frosh scheduled for Tues
day evening in Toyon lobby has
been postponed 1 eeause there are
too many events going on due to
the Big Game. The activity calen
dar is filled.
The inter-club smoker and open
house for frosh scheduled for Tues
day evening in Toyon lobby has
been postponed 1 eeause there are
too many events going on due to
the Big Game. The activity calen
dar is filled.
The inter-club smoker and open
house for frosh scheduled for Tues
day evening in Toyon lobby has
been postponed 1 eeause there are
too many events going on due to
the Big Game. The activity calen
dar is filled.
The inter-club smoker and open
house for frosh scheduled for Tues
day evening in Toyon lobby has
been postponed 1 eeause there are
too many events going on due to
the Big Game. The activity calen
dar is filled.
The inter-club smoker and open
house for frosh scheduled for Tues
day evening in Toyon lobby has
been postponed 1 eeause there are
too many events going on due to
the Big Game. The activity calen
dar is filled.
The inter-club smoker and open
house for frosh scheduled for Tues
day evening in Toyon lobby has
been postponed 1 eeause there are
too many events going on due to
the Big Game. The activity calen
dar is filled.
The inter-club smoker and open
house for frosh scheduled for Tues
day evening in Toyon lobby has
been postponed 1 eeause there are
too many events going on due to
the Big Game. The activity calen
dar is filled.
