# Frolik Broadcasts On College Forum
## 
### 
Stressing the importance of an
overall regulation of world economic
organization and of the need for
college students to realize that we
will never return to the same kind
of "normalcy" enjoyed from 1920 to
1929, Jim Frolik represented Stan
ford in the Intercollegiate Forum
which was broadcast nationally over
station KFKC from 1 p.m. to 4:30
yesterday.
Stressing the importance of an
overall regulation of world economic
organization and of the need for
college students to realize that we
will never return to the same kind
of "normalcy" enjoyed from 1920 to
1929, Jim Frolik represented Stan
ford in the Intercollegiate Forum
which was broadcast nationally over
station KFKC from 1 p.m. to 4:30
yesterday.
Stressing the importance of an
overall regulation of world economic
organization and of the need for
college students to realize that we
will never return to the same kind
of "normalcy" enjoyed from 1920 to
1929, Jim Frolik represented Stan
ford in the Intercollegiate Forum
which was broadcast nationally over
station KFKC from 1 p.m. to 4:30
yesterday.
Stressing the importance of an
overall regulation of world economic
organization and of the need for
college students to realize that we
will never return to the same kind
of "normalcy" enjoyed from 1920 to
1929, Jim Frolik represented Stan
ford in the Intercollegiate Forum
which was broadcast nationally over
station KFKC from 1 p.m. to 4:30
yesterday.
Stressing the importance of an
overall regulation of world economic
organization and of the need for
college students to realize that we
will never return to the same kind
of "normalcy" enjoyed from 1920 to
1929, Jim Frolik represented Stan
ford in the Intercollegiate Forum
which was broadcast nationally over
station KFKC from 1 p.m. to 4:30
yesterday.
Stressing the importance of an
overall regulation of world economic
organization and of the need for
college students to realize that we
will never return to the same kind
of "normalcy" enjoyed from 1920 to
1929, Jim Frolik represented Stan
ford in the Intercollegiate Forum
which was broadcast nationally over
station KFKC from 1 p.m. to 4:30
yesterday.
Stressing the importance of an
overall regulation of world economic
organization and of the need for
college students to realize that we
will never return to the same kind
of "normalcy" enjoyed from 1920 to
1929, Jim Frolik represented Stan
ford in the Intercollegiate Forum
which was broadcast nationally over
station KFKC from 1 p.m. to 4:30
yesterday.
Stressing the importance of an
overall regulation of world economic
organization and of the need for
college students to realize that we
will never return to the same kind
of "normalcy" enjoyed from 1920 to
1929, Jim Frolik represented Stan
ford in the Intercollegiate Forum
which was broadcast nationally over
station KFKC from 1 p.m. to 4:30
yesterday.
Stressing the importance of an
overall regulation of world economic
organization and of the need for
college students to realize that we
will never return to the same kind
of "normalcy" enjoyed from 1920 to
1929, Jim Frolik represented Stan
ford in the Intercollegiate Forum
which was broadcast nationally over
station KFKC from 1 p.m. to 4:30
yesterday.
Stressing the importance of an
overall regulation of world economic
organization and of the need for
college students to realize that we
will never return to the same kind
of "normalcy" enjoyed from 1920 to
1929, Jim Frolik represented Stan
ford in the Intercollegiate Forum
which was broadcast nationally over
station KFKC from 1 p.m. to 4:30
yesterday.
Stressing the importance of an
overall regulation of world economic
organization and of the need for
college students to realize that we
will never return to the same kind
of "normalcy" enjoyed from 1920 to
1929, Jim Frolik represented Stan
ford in the Intercollegiate Forum
which was broadcast nationally over
station KFKC from 1 p.m. to 4:30
yesterday.
Stressing the importance of an
overall regulation of world economic
organization and of the need for
college students to realize that we
will never return to the same kind
of "normalcy" enjoyed from 1920 to
1929, Jim Frolik represented Stan
ford in the Intercollegiate Forum
which was broadcast nationally over
station KFKC from 1 p.m. to 4:30
yesterday.
Stressing the importance of an
overall regulation of world economic
organization and of the need for
college students to realize that we
will never return to the same kind
of "normalcy" enjoyed from 1920 to
1929, Jim Frolik represented Stan
ford in the Intercollegiate Forum
which was broadcast nationally over
station KFKC from 1 p.m. to 4:30
yesterday.
Stressing the importance of an
overall regulation of world economic
organization and of the need for
college students to realize that we
will never return to the same kind
of "normalcy" enjoyed from 1920 to
1929, Jim Frolik represented Stan
ford in the Intercollegiate Forum
which was broadcast nationally over
station KFKC from 1 p.m. to 4:30
yesterday.
Stressing the importance of an
overall regulation of world economic
organization and of the need for
college students to realize that we
will never return to the same kind
of "normalcy" enjoyed from 1920 to
1929, Jim Frolik represented Stan
ford in the Intercollegiate Forum
which was broadcast nationally over
station KFKC from 1 p.m. to 4:30
yesterday.
Stressing the importance of an
overall regulation of world economic
organization and of the need for
college students to realize that we
will never return to the same kind
of "normalcy" enjoyed from 1920 to
1929, Jim Frolik represented Stan
ford in the Intercollegiate Forum
which was broadcast nationally over
station KFKC from 1 p.m. to 4:30
yesterday.
Stressing the importance of an
overall regulation of world economic
organization and of the need for
college students to realize that we
will never return to the same kind
of "normalcy" enjoyed from 1920 to
1929, Jim Frolik represented Stan
ford in the Intercollegiate Forum
which was broadcast nationally over
station KFKC from 1 p.m. to 4:30
yesterday.
Stressing the importance of an
overall regulation of world economic
organization and of the need for
college students to realize that we
will never return to the same kind
of "normalcy" enjoyed from 1920 to
1929, Jim Frolik represented Stan
ford in the Intercollegiate Forum
which was broadcast nationally over
station KFKC from 1 p.m. to 4:30
yesterday.
