# On Coyote Hill
## University Okays Rezoning 
### 
In a letter to city officials,
Stanford has announced that it is
willing to allow rezoning of the
land it plans to use for the
proposed animal research center
on Coyote Hill. The effect of the
rezoning from limited
manufacturing (LM-5) to planned
community (P-C) would be to
allow the city final control over
the architectural plans for the
center.
The (P-C) is a special zoning
normally used when a project
does not fit into the existing
zoning ordinance. It is usually
made by the city upon request of
the developer.

According to Stanford assistant
real estate manager Boyd Smith,
"the reason for the new zoning is
basically political." The city
would like a hand in the design.
They feel that their constituency
may have some questions about
what is built on Coyote Hill."
City officials originally wanted
to rezone the site in November,
but were held off because
Stanford was afraid the delay
would cause it to lose a large
federal grant which had a
December 31 deadline. Since
then, however, Syntex
Corporation, a co-sponsor of the
center, has dropped its support

and the grant deadline has been
extended leaving enough time for
the rezoning.
University officials say the
animal facility is still alive. There
are reports that an anonymous
donor may contribute an amount
necessary to fund the revised
project.
The Coyote Hill area is the
subject of a lawsuit against the
city and the university by the
Conservationist Committee for
Green Foothills, But the hilltop
itself and the animal center were
not issues in the suit, which was
related to an approved industrial
subdivision for the larger region
around the base of the hill.
In a letter to city officials,
Stanford has announced that it is
willing to allow rezoning of the
land it plans to use for the
proposed animal research center
on Coyote Hill. The effect of the
rezoning from limited
manufacturing (LM-5) to planned
community (P-C) would be to
allow the city final control over
the architectural plans for the
center.
The (P-C) is a special zoning
normally used when a project
does not fit into the existing
zoning ordinance. It is usually
made by the city upon request of
the developer.

According to Stanford assistant
real estate manager Boyd Smith,
"the reason for the new zoning is
basically political." The city
would like a hand in the design.
They feel that their constituency
may have some questions about
what is built on Coyote Hill."
City officials originally wanted
to rezone the site in November,
but were held off because
Stanford was afraid the delay
would cause it to lose a large
federal grant which had a
December 31 deadline. Since
then, however, Syntex
Corporation, a co-sponsor of the
center, has dropped its support

and the grant deadline has been
extended leaving enough time for
the rezoning.
University officials say the
animal facility is still alive. There
are reports that an anonymous
donor may contribute an amount
necessary to fund the revised
project.
The Coyote Hill area is the
subject of a lawsuit against the
city and the university by the
Conservationist Committee for
Green Foothills, But the hilltop
itself and the animal center were
not issues in the suit, which was
related to an approved industrial
subdivision for the larger region
around the base of the hill.
In a letter to city officials,
Stanford has announced that it is
willing to allow rezoning of the
land it plans to use for the
proposed animal research center
on Coyote Hill. The effect of the
rezoning from limited
manufacturing (LM-5) to planned
community (P-C) would be to
allow the city final control over
the architectural plans for the
center.
The (P-C) is a special zoning
normally used when a project
does not fit into the existing
zoning ordinance. It is usually
made by the city upon request of
the developer.

According to Stanford assistant
real estate manager Boyd Smith,
"the reason for the new zoning is
basically political." The city
would like a hand in the design.
They feel that their constituency
may have some questions about
what is built on Coyote Hill."
City officials originally wanted
to rezone the site in November,
but were held off because
Stanford was afraid the delay
would cause it to lose a large
federal grant which had a
December 31 deadline. Since
then, however, Syntex
Corporation, a co-sponsor of the
center, has dropped its support

and the grant deadline has been
extended leaving enough time for
the rezoning.
University officials say the
animal facility is still alive. There
are reports that an anonymous
donor may contribute an amount
necessary to fund the revised
project.
The Coyote Hill area is the
subject of a lawsuit against the
city and the university by the
Conservationist Committee for
Green Foothills, But the hilltop
itself and the animal center were
not issues in the suit, which was
related to an approved industrial
subdivision for the larger region
around the base of the hill.
In a letter to city officials,
Stanford has announced that it is
willing to allow rezoning of the
land it plans to use for the
proposed animal research center
on Coyote Hill. The effect of the
rezoning from limited
manufacturing (LM-5) to planned
community (P-C) would be to
allow the city final control over
the architectural plans for the
center.
The (P-C) is a special zoning
normally used when a project
does not fit into the existing
zoning ordinance. It is usually
made by the city upon request of
the developer.

According to Stanford assistant
real estate manager Boyd Smith,
"the reason for the new zoning is
basically political." The city
would like a hand in the design.
They feel that their constituency
may have some questions about
what is built on Coyote Hill."
City officials originally wanted
to rezone the site in November,
but were held off because
Stanford was afraid the delay
would cause it to lose a large
federal grant which had a
December 31 deadline. Since
then, however, Syntex
Corporation, a co-sponsor of the
center, has dropped its support

and the grant deadline has been
extended leaving enough time for
the rezoning.
University officials say the
animal facility is still alive. There
are reports that an anonymous
donor may contribute an amount
necessary to fund the revised
project.
The Coyote Hill area is the
subject of a lawsuit against the
city and the university by the
Conservationist Committee for
Green Foothills, But the hilltop
itself and the animal center were
not issues in the suit, which was
related to an approved industrial
subdivision for the larger region
around the base of the hill.
In a letter to city officials,
Stanford has announced that it is
willing to allow rezoning of the
land it plans to use for the
proposed animal research center
on Coyote Hill. The effect of the
rezoning from limited
manufacturing (LM-5) to planned
community (P-C) would be to
allow the city final control over
the architectural plans for the
center.
The (P-C) is a special zoning
normally used when a project
does not fit into the existing
zoning ordinance. It is usually
made by the city upon request of
the developer.

According to Stanford assistant
real estate manager Boyd Smith,
"the reason for the new zoning is
basically political." The city
would like a hand in the design.
They feel that their constituency
may have some questions about
what is built on Coyote Hill."
City officials originally wanted
to rezone the site in November,
but were held off because
Stanford was afraid the delay
would cause it to lose a large
federal grant which had a
December 31 deadline. Since
then, however, Syntex
Corporation, a co-sponsor of the
center, has dropped its support

and the grant deadline has been
extended leaving enough time for
the rezoning.
University officials say the
animal facility is still alive. There
are reports that an anonymous
donor may contribute an amount
necessary to fund the revised
project.
The Coyote Hill area is the
subject of a lawsuit against the
city and the university by the
Conservationist Committee for
Green Foothills, But the hilltop
itself and the animal center were
not issues in the suit, which was
related to an approved industrial
subdivision for the larger region
around the base of the hill.
In a letter to city officials,
Stanford has announced that it is
willing to allow rezoning of the
land it plans to use for the
proposed animal research center
on Coyote Hill. The effect of the
rezoning from limited
manufacturing (LM-5) to planned
community (P-C) would be to
allow the city final control over
the architectural plans for the
center.
The (P-C) is a special zoning
normally used when a project
does not fit into the existing
zoning ordinance. It is usually
made by the city upon request of
the developer.

According to Stanford assistant
real estate manager Boyd Smith,
"the reason for the new zoning is
basically political." The city
would like a hand in the design.
They feel that their constituency
may have some questions about
what is built on Coyote Hill."
City officials originally wanted
to rezone the site in November,
but were held off because
Stanford was afraid the delay
would cause it to lose a large
federal grant which had a
December 31 deadline. Since
then, however, Syntex
Corporation, a co-sponsor of the
center, has dropped its support

and the grant deadline has been
extended leaving enough time for
the rezoning.
University officials say the
animal facility is still alive. There
are reports that an anonymous
donor may contribute an amount
necessary to fund the revised
project.
The Coyote Hill area is the
subject of a lawsuit against the
city and the university by the
Conservationist Committee for
Green Foothills, But the hilltop
itself and the animal center were
not issues in the suit, which was
related to an approved industrial
subdivision for the larger region
around the base of the hill.
In a letter to city officials,
Stanford has announced that it is
willing to allow rezoning of the
land it plans to use for the
proposed animal research center
on Coyote Hill. The effect of the
rezoning from limited
manufacturing (LM-5) to planned
community (P-C) would be to
allow the city final control over
the architectural plans for the
center.
The (P-C) is a special zoning
normally used when a project
does not fit into the existing
zoning ordinance. It is usually
made by the city upon request of
the developer.

According to Stanford assistant
real estate manager Boyd Smith,
"the reason for the new zoning is
basically political." The city
would like a hand in the design.
They feel that their constituency
may have some questions about
what is built on Coyote Hill."
City officials originally wanted
to rezone the site in November,
but were held off because
Stanford was afraid the delay
would cause it to lose a large
federal grant which had a
December 31 deadline. Since
then, however, Syntex
Corporation, a co-sponsor of the
center, has dropped its support

and the grant deadline has been
extended leaving enough time for
the rezoning.
University officials say the
animal facility is still alive. There
are reports that an anonymous
donor may contribute an amount
necessary to fund the revised
project.
The Coyote Hill area is the
subject of a lawsuit against the
city and the university by the
Conservationist Committee for
Green Foothills, But the hilltop
itself and the animal center were
not issues in the suit, which was
related to an approved industrial
subdivision for the larger region
around the base of the hill.
In a letter to city officials,
Stanford has announced that it is
willing to allow rezoning of the
land it plans to use for the
proposed animal research center
on Coyote Hill. The effect of the
rezoning from limited
manufacturing (LM-5) to planned
community (P-C) would be to
allow the city final control over
the architectural plans for the
center.
The (P-C) is a special zoning
normally used when a project
does not fit into the existing
zoning ordinance. It is usually
made by the city upon request of
the developer.

According to Stanford assistant
real estate manager Boyd Smith,
"the reason for the new zoning is
basically political." The city
would like a hand in the design.
They feel that their constituency
may have some questions about
what is built on Coyote Hill."
City officials originally wanted
to rezone the site in November,
but were held off because
Stanford was afraid the delay
would cause it to lose a large
federal grant which had a
December 31 deadline. Since
then, however, Syntex
Corporation, a co-sponsor of the
center, has dropped its support

and the grant deadline has been
extended leaving enough time for
the rezoning.
University officials say the
animal facility is still alive. There
are reports that an anonymous
donor may contribute an amount
necessary to fund the revised
project.
The Coyote Hill area is the
subject of a lawsuit against the
city and the university by the
Conservationist Committee for
Green Foothills, But the hilltop
itself and the animal center were
not issues in the suit, which was
related to an approved industrial
subdivision for the larger region
around the base of the hill.
In a letter to city officials,
Stanford has announced that it is
willing to allow rezoning of the
land it plans to use for the
proposed animal research center
on Coyote Hill. The effect of the
rezoning from limited
manufacturing (LM-5) to planned
community (P-C) would be to
allow the city final control over
the architectural plans for the
center.
The (P-C) is a special zoning
normally used when a project
does not fit into the existing
zoning ordinance. It is usually
made by the city upon request of
the developer.

According to Stanford assistant
real estate manager Boyd Smith,
"the reason for the new zoning is
basically political." The city
would like a hand in the design.
They feel that their constituency
may have some questions about
what is built on Coyote Hill."
City officials originally wanted
to rezone the site in November,
but were held off because
Stanford was afraid the delay
would cause it to lose a large
federal grant which had a
December 31 deadline. Since
then, however, Syntex
Corporation, a co-sponsor of the
center, has dropped its support

and the grant deadline has been
extended leaving enough time for
the rezoning.
University officials say the
animal facility is still alive. There
are reports that an anonymous
donor may contribute an amount
necessary to fund the revised
project.
The Coyote Hill area is the
subject of a lawsuit against the
city and the university by the
Conservationist Committee for
Green Foothills, But the hilltop
itself and the animal center were
not issues in the suit, which was
related to an approved industrial
subdivision for the larger region
around the base of the hill.
In a letter to city officials,
Stanford has announced that it is
willing to allow rezoning of the
land it plans to use for the
proposed animal research center
on Coyote Hill. The effect of the
rezoning from limited
manufacturing (LM-5) to planned
community (P-C) would be to
allow the city final control over
the architectural plans for the
center.
The (P-C) is a special zoning
normally used when a project
does not fit into the existing
zoning ordinance. It is usually
made by the city upon request of
the developer.

According to Stanford assistant
real estate manager Boyd Smith,
"the reason for the new zoning is
basically political." The city
would like a hand in the design.
They feel that their constituency
may have some questions about
what is built on Coyote Hill."
City officials originally wanted
to rezone the site in November,
but were held off because
Stanford was afraid the delay
would cause it to lose a large
federal grant which had a
December 31 deadline. Since
then, however, Syntex
Corporation, a co-sponsor of the
center, has dropped its support

and the grant deadline has been
extended leaving enough time for
the rezoning.
University officials say the
animal facility is still alive. There
are reports that an anonymous
donor may contribute an amount
necessary to fund the revised
project.
The Coyote Hill area is the
subject of a lawsuit against the
city and the university by the
Conservationist Committee for
Green Foothills, But the hilltop
itself and the animal center were
not issues in the suit, which was
related to an approved industrial
subdivision for the larger region
around the base of the hill.
In a letter to city officials,
Stanford has announced that it is
willing to allow rezoning of the
land it plans to use for the
proposed animal research center
on Coyote Hill. The effect of the
rezoning from limited
manufacturing (LM-5) to planned
community (P-C) would be to
allow the city final control over
the architectural plans for the
center.
The (P-C) is a special zoning
normally used when a project
does not fit into the existing
zoning ordinance. It is usually
made by the city upon request of
the developer.

According to Stanford assistant
real estate manager Boyd Smith,
"the reason for the new zoning is
basically political." The city
would like a hand in the design.
They feel that their constituency
may have some questions about
what is built on Coyote Hill."
City officials originally wanted
to rezone the site in November,
but were held off because
Stanford was afraid the delay
would cause it to lose a large
federal grant which had a
December 31 deadline. Since
then, however, Syntex
Corporation, a co-sponsor of the
center, has dropped its support

and the grant deadline has been
extended leaving enough time for
the rezoning.
University officials say the
animal facility is still alive. There
are reports that an anonymous
donor may contribute an amount
necessary to fund the revised
project.
The Coyote Hill area is the
subject of a lawsuit against the
city and the university by the
Conservationist Committee for
Green Foothills, But the hilltop
itself and the animal center were
not issues in the suit, which was
related to an approved industrial
subdivision for the larger region
around the base of the hill.
In a letter to city officials,
Stanford has announced that it is
willing to allow rezoning of the
land it plans to use for the
proposed animal research center
on Coyote Hill. The effect of the
rezoning from limited
manufacturing (LM-5) to planned
community (P-C) would be to
allow the city final control over
the architectural plans for the
center.
The (P-C) is a special zoning
normally used when a project
does not fit into the existing
zoning ordinance. It is usually
made by the city upon request of
the developer.

According to Stanford assistant
real estate manager Boyd Smith,
"the reason for the new zoning is
basically political." The city
would like a hand in the design.
They feel that their constituency
may have some questions about
what is built on Coyote Hill."
City officials originally wanted
to rezone the site in November,
but were held off because
Stanford was afraid the delay
would cause it to lose a large
federal grant which had a
December 31 deadline. Since
then, however, Syntex
Corporation, a co-sponsor of the
center, has dropped its support

and the grant deadline has been
extended leaving enough time for
the rezoning.
University officials say the
animal facility is still alive. There
are reports that an anonymous
donor may contribute an amount
necessary to fund the revised
project.
The Coyote Hill area is the
subject of a lawsuit against the
city and the university by the
Conservationist Committee for
Green Foothills, But the hilltop
itself and the animal center were
not issues in the suit, which was
related to an approved industrial
subdivision for the larger region
around the base of the hill.
In a letter to city officials,
Stanford has announced that it is
willing to allow rezoning of the
land it plans to use for the
proposed animal research center
on Coyote Hill. The effect of the
rezoning from limited
manufacturing (LM-5) to planned
community (P-C) would be to
allow the city final control over
the architectural plans for the
center.
The (P-C) is a special zoning
normally used when a project
does not fit into the existing
zoning ordinance. It is usually
made by the city upon request of
the developer.

According to Stanford assistant
real estate manager Boyd Smith,
"the reason for the new zoning is
basically political." The city
would like a hand in the design.
They feel that their constituency
may have some questions about
what is built on Coyote Hill."
City officials originally wanted
to rezone the site in November,
but were held off because
Stanford was afraid the delay
would cause it to lose a large
federal grant which had a
December 31 deadline. Since
then, however, Syntex
Corporation, a co-sponsor of the
center, has dropped its support

and the grant deadline has been
extended leaving enough time for
the rezoning.
University officials say the
animal facility is still alive. There
are reports that an anonymous
donor may contribute an amount
necessary to fund the revised
project.
The Coyote Hill area is the
subject of a lawsuit against the
city and the university by the
Conservationist Committee for
Green Foothills, But the hilltop
itself and the animal center were
not issues in the suit, which was
related to an approved industrial
subdivision for the larger region
around the base of the hill.
In a letter to city officials,
Stanford has announced that it is
willing to allow rezoning of the
land it plans to use for the
proposed animal research center
on Coyote Hill. The effect of the
rezoning from limited
manufacturing (LM-5) to planned
community (P-C) would be to
allow the city final control over
the architectural plans for the
center.
The (P-C) is a special zoning
normally used when a project
does not fit into the existing
zoning ordinance. It is usually
made by the city upon request of
the developer.

According to Stanford assistant
real estate manager Boyd Smith,
"the reason for the new zoning is
basically political." The city
would like a hand in the design.
They feel that their constituency
may have some questions about
what is built on Coyote Hill."
City officials originally wanted
to rezone the site in November,
but were held off because
Stanford was afraid the delay
would cause it to lose a large
federal grant which had a
December 31 deadline. Since
then, however, Syntex
Corporation, a co-sponsor of the
center, has dropped its support

and the grant deadline has been
extended leaving enough time for
the rezoning.
University officials say the
animal facility is still alive. There
are reports that an anonymous
donor may contribute an amount
necessary to fund the revised
project.
The Coyote Hill area is the
subject of a lawsuit against the
city and the university by the
Conservationist Committee for
Green Foothills, But the hilltop
itself and the animal center were
not issues in the suit, which was
related to an approved industrial
subdivision for the larger region
around the base of the hill.
