# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It has always been generally un
derstood that the reason the facul
ty have continued classes during
the period when the last examina
tions of the semester are given, was
that the written reviews that oc
curred at this time were not final
examinations covering the whole
semester's work. These examina
tions were stated as covering only
the work not included in the exam
inations given earlier in the semes
ter, and therefore the college work
should continue without interrup
tion. This was the argument
against having a special examina
tion period during which classes
should he stopped. Conditions
justified this argument for a time,
but during the last two years there
has been a growing tendency to
give final examinations, until at
present it is no longer uncommon,
many students having three or four
final examinations. It is unrea
sonable to expect a student to take
these final examinations and at the
same time attend classes up to the
last day. If these final examina
tions are to be given, a student
must also be given time to prepare
for them. The present conditions
demand the cessation of regular
work during the examination per
iod.
The former condition of affairs
where the students were not given
final examinations and classes were
legitimately kept up to the last
day, worked no unnecessary hard
ship, and a return should be made
to this condition of affairs.
