# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Daily Palo Alto to-night
announces the resignation of L. S.
Levy, '08, from its staff, after a se
mester of faithful service to the
paper, and thus to the University.
The resignation is received with re
gret by the editor.
The Daily Palo Alto to-night
announces the resignation of L. S.
Levy, '08, from its staff, after a se
mester of faithful service to the
paper, and thus to the University.
The resignation is received with re
gret by the editor.
The Daily Palo Alto to-night
announces the resignation of L. S.
Levy, '08, from its staff, after a se
mester of faithful service to the
paper, and thus to the University.
The resignation is received with re
gret by the editor.
The Daily Palo Alto to-night
announces the resignation of L. S.
Levy, '08, from its staff, after a se
mester of faithful service to the
paper, and thus to the University.
The resignation is received with re
gret by the editor.
The Daily Palo Alto to-night
announces the resignation of L. S.
Levy, '08, from its staff, after a se
mester of faithful service to the
paper, and thus to the University.
The resignation is received with re
gret by the editor.
The Daily Palo Alto to-night
announces the resignation of L. S.
Levy, '08, from its staff, after a se
mester of faithful service to the
paper, and thus to the University.
The resignation is received with re
gret by the editor.
The Daily Palo Alto to-night
announces the resignation of L. S.
Levy, '08, from its staff, after a se
mester of faithful service to the
paper, and thus to the University.
The resignation is received with re
gret by the editor.
The Daily Palo Alto to-night
announces the resignation of L. S.
Levy, '08, from its staff, after a se
mester of faithful service to the
paper, and thus to the University.
The resignation is received with re
gret by the editor.
The Daily Palo Alto to-night
announces the resignation of L. S.
Levy, '08, from its staff, after a se
mester of faithful service to the
paper, and thus to the University.
The resignation is received with re
gret by the editor.
