# Tennis Courts Near Completion.
## 
### 
The five new tennis courts which
have been in course of construction
on the newwomen's athletic grounds
are rapidly nearing completion.
Manager Barrett, who has been at
tending to the work of building,
has engaged the oilers for Tuesday
of this week, and the oil will prob
ably'be settled sufficiently to al
low practice on the courts by the
end of next week.
The regular squad practice has
been continuing during the term
with very satisfactory results. The
tournament for the Women's Ath
letic Association's silver cup, which
had been vaguely planned for the
first of December, has been indefi
nitely postponed. It will probably
be played during the first few
weeks of the next semester.
