# Untitled Article
## 
### 

THREEPENNY OPERA: Marian Hampton as Polly and Terry Foreman as Crookfinger Jake in the forth
coming Stanford Players production of Brecht's play, to be performed on February 28, 29, and on
March 5, 6, 7. Tickets may be reserved at the Tresidder Union box office.

THREEPENNY OPERA: Marian Hampton as Polly and Terry Foreman as Crookfinger Jake in the forth
coming Stanford Players production of Brecht's play, to be performed on February 28, 29, and on
March 5, 6, 7. Tickets may be reserved at the Tresidder Union box office.

THREEPENNY OPERA: Marian Hampton as Polly and Terry Foreman as Crookfinger Jake in the forth
coming Stanford Players production of Brecht's play, to be performed on February 28, 29, and on
March 5, 6, 7. Tickets may be reserved at the Tresidder Union box office.

THREEPENNY OPERA: Marian Hampton as Polly and Terry Foreman as Crookfinger Jake in the forth
coming Stanford Players production of Brecht's play, to be performed on February 28, 29, and on
March 5, 6, 7. Tickets may be reserved at the Tresidder Union box office.

THREEPENNY OPERA: Marian Hampton as Polly and Terry Foreman as Crookfinger Jake in the forth
coming Stanford Players production of Brecht's play, to be performed on February 28, 29, and on
March 5, 6, 7. Tickets may be reserved at the Tresidder Union box office.

THREEPENNY OPERA: Marian Hampton as Polly and Terry Foreman as Crookfinger Jake in the forth
coming Stanford Players production of Brecht's play, to be performed on February 28, 29, and on
March 5, 6, 7. Tickets may be reserved at the Tresidder Union box office.

THREEPENNY OPERA: Marian Hampton as Polly and Terry Foreman as Crookfinger Jake in the forth
coming Stanford Players production of Brecht's play, to be performed on February 28, 29, and on
March 5, 6, 7. Tickets may be reserved at the Tresidder Union box office.

THREEPENNY OPERA: Marian Hampton as Polly and Terry Foreman as Crookfinger Jake in the forth
coming Stanford Players production of Brecht's play, to be performed on February 28, 29, and on
March 5, 6, 7. Tickets may be reserved at the Tresidder Union box office.

THREEPENNY OPERA: Marian Hampton as Polly and Terry Foreman as Crookfinger Jake in the forth
coming Stanford Players production of Brecht's play, to be performed on February 28, 29, and on
March 5, 6, 7. Tickets may be reserved at the Tresidder Union box office.

THREEPENNY OPERA: Marian Hampton as Polly and Terry Foreman as Crookfinger Jake in the forth
coming Stanford Players production of Brecht's play, to be performed on February 28, 29, and on
March 5, 6, 7. Tickets may be reserved at the Tresidder Union box office.

THREEPENNY OPERA: Marian Hampton as Polly and Terry Foreman as Crookfinger Jake in the forth
coming Stanford Players production of Brecht's play, to be performed on February 28, 29, and on
March 5, 6, 7. Tickets may be reserved at the Tresidder Union box office.

THREEPENNY OPERA: Marian Hampton as Polly and Terry Foreman as Crookfinger Jake in the forth
coming Stanford Players production of Brecht's play, to be performed on February 28, 29, and on
March 5, 6, 7. Tickets may be reserved at the Tresidder Union box office.

THREEPENNY OPERA: Marian Hampton as Polly and Terry Foreman as Crookfinger Jake in the forth
coming Stanford Players production of Brecht's play, to be performed on February 28, 29, and on
March 5, 6, 7. Tickets may be reserved at the Tresidder Union box office.

THREEPENNY OPERA: Marian Hampton as Polly and Terry Foreman as Crookfinger Jake in the forth
coming Stanford Players production of Brecht's play, to be performed on February 28, 29, and on
March 5, 6, 7. Tickets may be reserved at the Tresidder Union box office.

THREEPENNY OPERA: Marian Hampton as Polly and Terry Foreman as Crookfinger Jake in the forth
coming Stanford Players production of Brecht's play, to be performed on February 28, 29, and on
March 5, 6, 7. Tickets may be reserved at the Tresidder Union box office.
