# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
CONGRA TULA TIONS
TO
Kairos House!!
You won an ice cream extravaganza cour
tesy of the Housing Energy Conservation
Center for correctly answering the most
Energy Trivia Qustions in our contest last
quarter. See our ad this page for all the
answers!
CONGRA TULA TIONS
TO
Kairos House!!
You won an ice cream extravaganza cour
tesy of the Housing Energy Conservation
Center for correctly answering the most
Energy Trivia Qustions in our contest last
quarter. See our ad this page for all the
answers!
CONGRA TULA TIONS
TO
Kairos House!!
You won an ice cream extravaganza cour
tesy of the Housing Energy Conservation
Center for correctly answering the most
Energy Trivia Qustions in our contest last
quarter. See our ad this page for all the
answers!
CONGRA TULA TIONS
TO
Kairos House!!
You won an ice cream extravaganza cour
tesy of the Housing Energy Conservation
Center for correctly answering the most
Energy Trivia Qustions in our contest last
quarter. See our ad this page for all the
answers!
CONGRA TULA TIONS
TO
Kairos House!!
You won an ice cream extravaganza cour
tesy of the Housing Energy Conservation
Center for correctly answering the most
Energy Trivia Qustions in our contest last
quarter. See our ad this page for all the
answers!
CONGRA TULA TIONS
TO
Kairos House!!
You won an ice cream extravaganza cour
tesy of the Housing Energy Conservation
Center for correctly answering the most
Energy Trivia Qustions in our contest last
quarter. See our ad this page for all the
answers!
CONGRA TULA TIONS
TO
Kairos House!!
You won an ice cream extravaganza cour
tesy of the Housing Energy Conservation
Center for correctly answering the most
Energy Trivia Qustions in our contest last
quarter. See our ad this page for all the
answers!
CONGRA TULA TIONS
TO
Kairos House!!
You won an ice cream extravaganza cour
tesy of the Housing Energy Conservation
Center for correctly answering the most
Energy Trivia Qustions in our contest last
quarter. See our ad this page for all the
answers!
