# Gymnasts lose at regionals
## 
### Andrew von Nordenflycht Staff writer 
After ending the regular season
by trouncing California and
scoring a school record of 189.55
points, the Stanford women's
gymnastics team quickly dropped
out of postseason competition
with a sixth place finish at the
regional finals held at
Oregon State.
But for the two co-captains of
the team, senior Sheri Evenson
and junior Dina Amoroso, there
will be one more meet. Both gym
nasts are competing today in the
NCAA championships in Athens,
Georgia.
At the beginning of the season,
coach Homer Sardina said "I ex
pect big things from those two
... really big things." And cer
tainly, he has not been disap
pointed.
All season, Evenson led the
team with consistently superb all
around routines. She continually
set personal bests and ended the
season setting a school record in
the all-around with a 38.40.
Amoroso's journey to Athens is
remarkable considering that she
was sidelined with an ankle injury
for half the season, missing
several early meets and then com
peting in only one or two events
while gradually recovering.
However, by season's end she
was only 0.2 points behind Even
son in the all-around and set a
school record 9.80 on the floor
exercise.
After ending the regular season
by trouncing California and
scoring a school record of 189.55
points, the Stanford women's
gymnastics team quickly dropped
out of postseason competition
with a sixth place finish at the
regional finals held at
Oregon State.
But for the two co-captains of
the team, senior Sheri Evenson
and junior Dina Amoroso, there
will be one more meet. Both gym
nasts are competing today in the
NCAA championships in Athens,
Georgia.
At the beginning of the season,
coach Homer Sardina said "I ex
pect big things from those two
... really big things." And cer
tainly, he has not been disap
pointed.
All season, Evenson led the
team with consistently superb all
around routines. She continually
set personal bests and ended the
season setting a school record in
the all-around with a 38.40.
Amoroso's journey to Athens is
remarkable considering that she
was sidelined with an ankle injury
for half the season, missing
several early meets and then com
peting in only one or two events
while gradually recovering.
However, by season's end she
was only 0.2 points behind Even
son in the all-around and set a
school record 9.80 on the floor
exercise.
After ending the regular season
by trouncing California and
scoring a school record of 189.55
points, the Stanford women's
gymnastics team quickly dropped
out of postseason competition
with a sixth place finish at the
regional finals held at
Oregon State.
But for the two co-captains of
the team, senior Sheri Evenson
and junior Dina Amoroso, there
will be one more meet. Both gym
nasts are competing today in the
NCAA championships in Athens,
Georgia.
At the beginning of the season,
coach Homer Sardina said "I ex
pect big things from those two
... really big things." And cer
tainly, he has not been disap
pointed.
All season, Evenson led the
team with consistently superb all
around routines. She continually
set personal bests and ended the
season setting a school record in
the all-around with a 38.40.
Amoroso's journey to Athens is
remarkable considering that she
was sidelined with an ankle injury
for half the season, missing
several early meets and then com
peting in only one or two events
while gradually recovering.
However, by season's end she
was only 0.2 points behind Even
son in the all-around and set a
school record 9.80 on the floor
exercise.
After ending the regular season
by trouncing California and
scoring a school record of 189.55
points, the Stanford women's
gymnastics team quickly dropped
out of postseason competition
with a sixth place finish at the
regional finals held at
Oregon State.
But for the two co-captains of
the team, senior Sheri Evenson
and junior Dina Amoroso, there
will be one more meet. Both gym
nasts are competing today in the
NCAA championships in Athens,
Georgia.
At the beginning of the season,
coach Homer Sardina said "I ex
pect big things from those two
... really big things." And cer
tainly, he has not been disap
pointed.
All season, Evenson led the
team with consistently superb all
around routines. She continually
set personal bests and ended the
season setting a school record in
the all-around with a 38.40.
Amoroso's journey to Athens is
remarkable considering that she
was sidelined with an ankle injury
for half the season, missing
several early meets and then com
peting in only one or two events
while gradually recovering.
However, by season's end she
was only 0.2 points behind Even
son in the all-around and set a
school record 9.80 on the floor
exercise.
After ending the regular season
by trouncing California and
scoring a school record of 189.55
points, the Stanford women's
gymnastics team quickly dropped
out of postseason competition
with a sixth place finish at the
regional finals held at
Oregon State.
But for the two co-captains of
the team, senior Sheri Evenson
and junior Dina Amoroso, there
will be one more meet. Both gym
nasts are competing today in the
NCAA championships in Athens,
Georgia.
At the beginning of the season,
coach Homer Sardina said "I ex
pect big things from those two
... really big things." And cer
tainly, he has not been disap
pointed.
All season, Evenson led the
team with consistently superb all
around routines. She continually
set personal bests and ended the
season setting a school record in
the all-around with a 38.40.
Amoroso's journey to Athens is
remarkable considering that she
was sidelined with an ankle injury
for half the season, missing
several early meets and then com
peting in only one or two events
while gradually recovering.
However, by season's end she
was only 0.2 points behind Even
son in the all-around and set a
school record 9.80 on the floor
exercise.
After ending the regular season
by trouncing California and
scoring a school record of 189.55
points, the Stanford women's
gymnastics team quickly dropped
out of postseason competition
with a sixth place finish at the
regional finals held at
Oregon State.
But for the two co-captains of
the team, senior Sheri Evenson
and junior Dina Amoroso, there
will be one more meet. Both gym
nasts are competing today in the
NCAA championships in Athens,
Georgia.
At the beginning of the season,
coach Homer Sardina said "I ex
pect big things from those two
... really big things." And cer
tainly, he has not been disap
pointed.
All season, Evenson led the
team with consistently superb all
around routines. She continually
set personal bests and ended the
season setting a school record in
the all-around with a 38.40.
Amoroso's journey to Athens is
remarkable considering that she
was sidelined with an ankle injury
for half the season, missing
several early meets and then com
peting in only one or two events
while gradually recovering.
However, by season's end she
was only 0.2 points behind Even
son in the all-around and set a
school record 9.80 on the floor
exercise.
After ending the regular season
by trouncing California and
scoring a school record of 189.55
points, the Stanford women's
gymnastics team quickly dropped
out of postseason competition
with a sixth place finish at the
regional finals held at
Oregon State.
But for the two co-captains of
the team, senior Sheri Evenson
and junior Dina Amoroso, there
will be one more meet. Both gym
nasts are competing today in the
NCAA championships in Athens,
Georgia.
At the beginning of the season,
coach Homer Sardina said "I ex
pect big things from those two
... really big things." And cer
tainly, he has not been disap
pointed.
All season, Evenson led the
team with consistently superb all
around routines. She continually
set personal bests and ended the
season setting a school record in
the all-around with a 38.40.
Amoroso's journey to Athens is
remarkable considering that she
was sidelined with an ankle injury
for half the season, missing
several early meets and then com
peting in only one or two events
while gradually recovering.
However, by season's end she
was only 0.2 points behind Even
son in the all-around and set a
school record 9.80 on the floor
exercise.
After ending the regular season
by trouncing California and
scoring a school record of 189.55
points, the Stanford women's
gymnastics team quickly dropped
out of postseason competition
with a sixth place finish at the
regional finals held at
Oregon State.
But for the two co-captains of
the team, senior Sheri Evenson
and junior Dina Amoroso, there
will be one more meet. Both gym
nasts are competing today in the
NCAA championships in Athens,
Georgia.
At the beginning of the season,
coach Homer Sardina said "I ex
pect big things from those two
... really big things." And cer
tainly, he has not been disap
pointed.
All season, Evenson led the
team with consistently superb all
around routines. She continually
set personal bests and ended the
season setting a school record in
the all-around with a 38.40.
Amoroso's journey to Athens is
remarkable considering that she
was sidelined with an ankle injury
for half the season, missing
several early meets and then com
peting in only one or two events
while gradually recovering.
However, by season's end she
was only 0.2 points behind Even
son in the all-around and set a
school record 9.80 on the floor
exercise.
