# SINCLAIR TRIMBLE, '22, WINS NESTORIA CONTEST
## 
### 
Sinclair G. Trimble, '22, won the elo
cution contest of Nestoria Debating So
ciety last night from a large number of
contestants. His selection wa» Mahony's
"Bells of Sliandon." D. C. Webb, '24,
and A. J. Buttrey, '24. were close con
tenders. Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett was judge. He favored the society
with a short talk and criticism of the
contestants. He lauded this new under
taking of the society and expressed the
hope that it would be a permanent fea
ture. An original poem by Victor
Cappa, '23, entitled "The Songs of a
Dreamer," was a special feature of the
evening.
The society also completed arrange
ments for the end-year banquet next
Tuesday night at the Union. An effort
will be made to have as many as pos
sible of Nestoria's dignitaries present,
including its three United States Con
gressmen. - and President-elect Dan
Evans,
Sinclair G. Trimble, '22, won the elo
cution contest of Nestoria Debating So
ciety last night from a large number of
contestants. His selection wa» Mahony's
"Bells of Sliandon." D. C. Webb, '24,
and A. J. Buttrey, '24. were close con
tenders. Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett was judge. He favored the society
with a short talk and criticism of the
contestants. He lauded this new under
taking of the society and expressed the
hope that it would be a permanent fea
ture. An original poem by Victor
Cappa, '23, entitled "The Songs of a
Dreamer," was a special feature of the
evening.
The society also completed arrange
ments for the end-year banquet next
Tuesday night at the Union. An effort
will be made to have as many as pos
sible of Nestoria's dignitaries present,
including its three United States Con
gressmen. - and President-elect Dan
Evans,
Sinclair G. Trimble, '22, won the elo
cution contest of Nestoria Debating So
ciety last night from a large number of
contestants. His selection wa» Mahony's
"Bells of Sliandon." D. C. Webb, '24,
and A. J. Buttrey, '24. were close con
tenders. Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett was judge. He favored the society
with a short talk and criticism of the
contestants. He lauded this new under
taking of the society and expressed the
hope that it would be a permanent fea
ture. An original poem by Victor
Cappa, '23, entitled "The Songs of a
Dreamer," was a special feature of the
evening.
The society also completed arrange
ments for the end-year banquet next
Tuesday night at the Union. An effort
will be made to have as many as pos
sible of Nestoria's dignitaries present,
including its three United States Con
gressmen. - and President-elect Dan
Evans,
Sinclair G. Trimble, '22, won the elo
cution contest of Nestoria Debating So
ciety last night from a large number of
contestants. His selection wa» Mahony's
"Bells of Sliandon." D. C. Webb, '24,
and A. J. Buttrey, '24. were close con
tenders. Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett was judge. He favored the society
with a short talk and criticism of the
contestants. He lauded this new under
taking of the society and expressed the
hope that it would be a permanent fea
ture. An original poem by Victor
Cappa, '23, entitled "The Songs of a
Dreamer," was a special feature of the
evening.
The society also completed arrange
ments for the end-year banquet next
Tuesday night at the Union. An effort
will be made to have as many as pos
sible of Nestoria's dignitaries present,
including its three United States Con
gressmen. - and President-elect Dan
Evans,
Sinclair G. Trimble, '22, won the elo
cution contest of Nestoria Debating So
ciety last night from a large number of
contestants. His selection wa» Mahony's
"Bells of Sliandon." D. C. Webb, '24,
and A. J. Buttrey, '24. were close con
tenders. Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett was judge. He favored the society
with a short talk and criticism of the
contestants. He lauded this new under
taking of the society and expressed the
hope that it would be a permanent fea
ture. An original poem by Victor
Cappa, '23, entitled "The Songs of a
Dreamer," was a special feature of the
evening.
The society also completed arrange
ments for the end-year banquet next
Tuesday night at the Union. An effort
will be made to have as many as pos
sible of Nestoria's dignitaries present,
including its three United States Con
gressmen. - and President-elect Dan
Evans,
Sinclair G. Trimble, '22, won the elo
cution contest of Nestoria Debating So
ciety last night from a large number of
contestants. His selection wa» Mahony's
"Bells of Sliandon." D. C. Webb, '24,
and A. J. Buttrey, '24. were close con
tenders. Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett was judge. He favored the society
with a short talk and criticism of the
contestants. He lauded this new under
taking of the society and expressed the
hope that it would be a permanent fea
ture. An original poem by Victor
Cappa, '23, entitled "The Songs of a
Dreamer," was a special feature of the
evening.
The society also completed arrange
ments for the end-year banquet next
Tuesday night at the Union. An effort
will be made to have as many as pos
sible of Nestoria's dignitaries present,
including its three United States Con
gressmen. - and President-elect Dan
Evans,
Sinclair G. Trimble, '22, won the elo
cution contest of Nestoria Debating So
ciety last night from a large number of
contestants. His selection wa» Mahony's
"Bells of Sliandon." D. C. Webb, '24,
and A. J. Buttrey, '24. were close con
tenders. Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett was judge. He favored the society
with a short talk and criticism of the
contestants. He lauded this new under
taking of the society and expressed the
hope that it would be a permanent fea
ture. An original poem by Victor
Cappa, '23, entitled "The Songs of a
Dreamer," was a special feature of the
evening.
The society also completed arrange
ments for the end-year banquet next
Tuesday night at the Union. An effort
will be made to have as many as pos
sible of Nestoria's dignitaries present,
including its three United States Con
gressmen. - and President-elect Dan
Evans,
Sinclair G. Trimble, '22, won the elo
cution contest of Nestoria Debating So
ciety last night from a large number of
contestants. His selection wa» Mahony's
"Bells of Sliandon." D. C. Webb, '24,
and A. J. Buttrey, '24. were close con
tenders. Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett was judge. He favored the society
with a short talk and criticism of the
contestants. He lauded this new under
taking of the society and expressed the
hope that it would be a permanent fea
ture. An original poem by Victor
Cappa, '23, entitled "The Songs of a
Dreamer," was a special feature of the
evening.
The society also completed arrange
ments for the end-year banquet next
Tuesday night at the Union. An effort
will be made to have as many as pos
sible of Nestoria's dignitaries present,
including its three United States Con
gressmen. - and President-elect Dan
Evans,
Sinclair G. Trimble, '22, won the elo
cution contest of Nestoria Debating So
ciety last night from a large number of
contestants. His selection wa» Mahony's
"Bells of Sliandon." D. C. Webb, '24,
and A. J. Buttrey, '24. were close con
tenders. Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett was judge. He favored the society
with a short talk and criticism of the
contestants. He lauded this new under
taking of the society and expressed the
hope that it would be a permanent fea
ture. An original poem by Victor
Cappa, '23, entitled "The Songs of a
Dreamer," was a special feature of the
evening.
The society also completed arrange
ments for the end-year banquet next
Tuesday night at the Union. An effort
will be made to have as many as pos
sible of Nestoria's dignitaries present,
including its three United States Con
gressmen. - and President-elect Dan
Evans,
Sinclair G. Trimble, '22, won the elo
cution contest of Nestoria Debating So
ciety last night from a large number of
contestants. His selection wa» Mahony's
"Bells of Sliandon." D. C. Webb, '24,
and A. J. Buttrey, '24. were close con
tenders. Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett was judge. He favored the society
with a short talk and criticism of the
contestants. He lauded this new under
taking of the society and expressed the
hope that it would be a permanent fea
ture. An original poem by Victor
Cappa, '23, entitled "The Songs of a
Dreamer," was a special feature of the
evening.
The society also completed arrange
ments for the end-year banquet next
Tuesday night at the Union. An effort
will be made to have as many as pos
sible of Nestoria's dignitaries present,
including its three United States Con
gressmen. - and President-elect Dan
Evans,
Sinclair G. Trimble, '22, won the elo
cution contest of Nestoria Debating So
ciety last night from a large number of
contestants. His selection wa» Mahony's
"Bells of Sliandon." D. C. Webb, '24,
and A. J. Buttrey, '24. were close con
tenders. Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett was judge. He favored the society
with a short talk and criticism of the
contestants. He lauded this new under
taking of the society and expressed the
hope that it would be a permanent fea
ture. An original poem by Victor
Cappa, '23, entitled "The Songs of a
Dreamer," was a special feature of the
evening.
The society also completed arrange
ments for the end-year banquet next
Tuesday night at the Union. An effort
will be made to have as many as pos
sible of Nestoria's dignitaries present,
including its three United States Con
gressmen. - and President-elect Dan
Evans,
Sinclair G. Trimble, '22, won the elo
cution contest of Nestoria Debating So
ciety last night from a large number of
contestants. His selection wa» Mahony's
"Bells of Sliandon." D. C. Webb, '24,
and A. J. Buttrey, '24. were close con
tenders. Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett was judge. He favored the society
with a short talk and criticism of the
contestants. He lauded this new under
taking of the society and expressed the
hope that it would be a permanent fea
ture. An original poem by Victor
Cappa, '23, entitled "The Songs of a
Dreamer," was a special feature of the
evening.
The society also completed arrange
ments for the end-year banquet next
Tuesday night at the Union. An effort
will be made to have as many as pos
sible of Nestoria's dignitaries present,
including its three United States Con
gressmen. - and President-elect Dan
Evans,
Sinclair G. Trimble, '22, won the elo
cution contest of Nestoria Debating So
ciety last night from a large number of
contestants. His selection wa» Mahony's
"Bells of Sliandon." D. C. Webb, '24,
and A. J. Buttrey, '24. were close con
tenders. Professor Lee Emerson Bas
sett was judge. He favored the society
with a short talk and criticism of the
contestants. He lauded this new under
taking of the society and expressed the
hope that it would be a permanent fea
ture. An original poem by Victor
Cappa, '23, entitled "The Songs of a
Dreamer," was a special feature of the
evening.
The society also completed arrange
ments for the end-year banquet next
Tuesday night at the Union. An effort
will be made to have as many as pos
sible of Nestoria's dignitaries present,
including its three United States Con
gressmen. - and President-elect Dan
Evans,
