# Vesper Service.
## 
### 
The usual vesper service will be
omitted this week, the speeches of
Rev. Peabody and Rev. Freeman, in
the afternoon, taking its place.
The usual vesper service will be
omitted this week, the speeches of
Rev. Peabody and Rev. Freeman, in
the afternoon, taking its place.
The usual vesper service will be
omitted this week, the speeches of
Rev. Peabody and Rev. Freeman, in
the afternoon, taking its place.
The usual vesper service will be
omitted this week, the speeches of
Rev. Peabody and Rev. Freeman, in
the afternoon, taking its place.
The usual vesper service will be
omitted this week, the speeches of
Rev. Peabody and Rev. Freeman, in
the afternoon, taking its place.
The usual vesper service will be
omitted this week, the speeches of
Rev. Peabody and Rev. Freeman, in
the afternoon, taking its place.
The usual vesper service will be
omitted this week, the speeches of
Rev. Peabody and Rev. Freeman, in
the afternoon, taking its place.
The usual vesper service will be
omitted this week, the speeches of
Rev. Peabody and Rev. Freeman, in
the afternoon, taking its place.
The usual vesper service will be
omitted this week, the speeches of
Rev. Peabody and Rev. Freeman, in
the afternoon, taking its place.
