# Still on Trail of Cinders.
## 
### 
Manager Sales took another trip t<
San Francisco this afternoon in
search of the missing cinders, which
were reported as having been loaded
and ready for shipment last Saturday
The car has failed to put in its ap
pearance and Sales has gone out on
the trail again.
Manager Sales took another trip t<
San Francisco this afternoon in
search of the missing cinders, which
were reported as having been loaded
and ready for shipment last Saturday
The car has failed to put in its ap
pearance and Sales has gone out on
the trail again.
Manager Sales took another trip t<
San Francisco this afternoon in
search of the missing cinders, which
were reported as having been loaded
and ready for shipment last Saturday
The car has failed to put in its ap
pearance and Sales has gone out on
the trail again.
Manager Sales took another trip t<
San Francisco this afternoon in
search of the missing cinders, which
were reported as having been loaded
and ready for shipment last Saturday
The car has failed to put in its ap
pearance and Sales has gone out on
the trail again.
Manager Sales took another trip t<
San Francisco this afternoon in
search of the missing cinders, which
were reported as having been loaded
and ready for shipment last Saturday
The car has failed to put in its ap
pearance and Sales has gone out on
the trail again.
Manager Sales took another trip t<
San Francisco this afternoon in
search of the missing cinders, which
were reported as having been loaded
and ready for shipment last Saturday
The car has failed to put in its ap
pearance and Sales has gone out on
the trail again.
Manager Sales took another trip t<
San Francisco this afternoon in
search of the missing cinders, which
were reported as having been loaded
and ready for shipment last Saturday
The car has failed to put in its ap
pearance and Sales has gone out on
the trail again.
Manager Sales took another trip t<
San Francisco this afternoon in
search of the missing cinders, which
were reported as having been loaded
and ready for shipment last Saturday
The car has failed to put in its ap
pearance and Sales has gone out on
the trail again.
Manager Sales took another trip t<
San Francisco this afternoon in
search of the missing cinders, which
were reported as having been loaded
and ready for shipment last Saturday
The car has failed to put in its ap
pearance and Sales has gone out on
the trail again.
