# Adv. 18 Page 4
## 
### 
No more |
i
collar buttons!
that comes to men VQA
that wear Grayco
shirts. A fresh one 5m
each morning, tub
bed without starch.
The collar fits.
Grayco
collar-attached
(prc-shrunk collar)
No more |
i
collar buttons!
that comes to men VQA
that wear Grayco
shirts. A fresh one 5m
each morning, tub
bed without starch.
The collar fits.
Grayco
collar-attached
(prc-shrunk collar)
No more |
i
collar buttons!
that comes to men VQA
that wear Grayco
shirts. A fresh one 5m
each morning, tub
bed without starch.
The collar fits.
Grayco
collar-attached
(prc-shrunk collar)
No more |
i
collar buttons!
that comes to men VQA
that wear Grayco
shirts. A fresh one 5m
each morning, tub
bed without starch.
The collar fits.
Grayco
collar-attached
(prc-shrunk collar)
No more |
i
collar buttons!
that comes to men VQA
that wear Grayco
shirts. A fresh one 5m
each morning, tub
bed without starch.
The collar fits.
Grayco
collar-attached
(prc-shrunk collar)
No more |
i
collar buttons!
that comes to men VQA
that wear Grayco
shirts. A fresh one 5m
each morning, tub
bed without starch.
The collar fits.
Grayco
collar-attached
(prc-shrunk collar)
No more |
i
collar buttons!
that comes to men VQA
that wear Grayco
shirts. A fresh one 5m
each morning, tub
bed without starch.
The collar fits.
Grayco
collar-attached
(prc-shrunk collar)
No more |
i
collar buttons!
that comes to men VQA
that wear Grayco
shirts. A fresh one 5m
each morning, tub
bed without starch.
The collar fits.
Grayco
collar-attached
(prc-shrunk collar)
No more |
i
collar buttons!
that comes to men VQA
that wear Grayco
shirts. A fresh one 5m
each morning, tub
bed without starch.
The collar fits.
Grayco
collar-attached
(prc-shrunk collar)
No more |
i
collar buttons!
that comes to men VQA
that wear Grayco
shirts. A fresh one 5m
each morning, tub
bed without starch.
The collar fits.
Grayco
collar-attached
(prc-shrunk collar)
No more |
i
collar buttons!
that comes to men VQA
that wear Grayco
shirts. A fresh one 5m
each morning, tub
bed without starch.
The collar fits.
Grayco
collar-attached
(prc-shrunk collar)
No more |
i
collar buttons!
that comes to men VQA
that wear Grayco
shirts. A fresh one 5m
each morning, tub
bed without starch.
The collar fits.
Grayco
collar-attached
(prc-shrunk collar)
No more |
i
collar buttons!
that comes to men VQA
that wear Grayco
shirts. A fresh one 5m
each morning, tub
bed without starch.
The collar fits.
Grayco
collar-attached
(prc-shrunk collar)
No more |
i
collar buttons!
that comes to men VQA
that wear Grayco
shirts. A fresh one 5m
each morning, tub
bed without starch.
The collar fits.
Grayco
collar-attached
(prc-shrunk collar)
No more |
i
collar buttons!
that comes to men VQA
that wear Grayco
shirts. A fresh one 5m
each morning, tub
bed without starch.
The collar fits.
Grayco
collar-attached
(prc-shrunk collar)
