# CERAMICS AT U. OF W.
## 
### 
Everything from hair receivers to
ash trays is being manufactured out
of Washington clays by students of
tho ceramics department of (lie Col
lope of Mines at tho University of
Washington.
Everything from hair receivers to
ash trays is being manufactured out
of Washington clays by students of
tho ceramics department of (lie Col
lope of Mines at tho University of
Washington.
Everything from hair receivers to
ash trays is being manufactured out
of Washington clays by students of
tho ceramics department of (lie Col
lope of Mines at tho University of
Washington.
Everything from hair receivers to
ash trays is being manufactured out
of Washington clays by students of
tho ceramics department of (lie Col
lope of Mines at tho University of
Washington.
Everything from hair receivers to
ash trays is being manufactured out
of Washington clays by students of
tho ceramics department of (lie Col
lope of Mines at tho University of
Washington.
Everything from hair receivers to
ash trays is being manufactured out
of Washington clays by students of
tho ceramics department of (lie Col
lope of Mines at tho University of
Washington.
Everything from hair receivers to
ash trays is being manufactured out
of Washington clays by students of
tho ceramics department of (lie Col
lope of Mines at tho University of
Washington.
Everything from hair receivers to
ash trays is being manufactured out
of Washington clays by students of
tho ceramics department of (lie Col
lope of Mines at tho University of
Washington.
Everything from hair receivers to
ash trays is being manufactured out
of Washington clays by students of
tho ceramics department of (lie Col
lope of Mines at tho University of
Washington.
Everything from hair receivers to
ash trays is being manufactured out
of Washington clays by students of
tho ceramics department of (lie Col
lope of Mines at tho University of
Washington.
Everything from hair receivers to
ash trays is being manufactured out
of Washington clays by students of
tho ceramics department of (lie Col
lope of Mines at tho University of
Washington.
Everything from hair receivers to
ash trays is being manufactured out
of Washington clays by students of
tho ceramics department of (lie Col
lope of Mines at tho University of
Washington.
Everything from hair receivers to
ash trays is being manufactured out
of Washington clays by students of
tho ceramics department of (lie Col
lope of Mines at tho University of
Washington.
Everything from hair receivers to
ash trays is being manufactured out
of Washington clays by students of
tho ceramics department of (lie Col
lope of Mines at tho University of
Washington.
Everything from hair receivers to
ash trays is being manufactured out
of Washington clays by students of
tho ceramics department of (lie Col
lope of Mines at tho University of
Washington.
