# ARCHERY-CYCLE TOURNAMENT
## 
### 

Combining two popular forms of sport at the famed desert winter re
sort, sub-debs at Palm Springs, Cal., staged the nation's first "eyele
archery" tournament for the desert championship recently. Marjorie
Burnett is the archerette while Ludie Britch provides power.

Combining two popular forms of sport at the famed desert winter re
sort, sub-debs at Palm Springs, Cal., staged the nation's first "eyele
archery" tournament for the desert championship recently. Marjorie
Burnett is the archerette while Ludie Britch provides power.

Combining two popular forms of sport at the famed desert winter re
sort, sub-debs at Palm Springs, Cal., staged the nation's first "eyele
archery" tournament for the desert championship recently. Marjorie
Burnett is the archerette while Ludie Britch provides power.

Combining two popular forms of sport at the famed desert winter re
sort, sub-debs at Palm Springs, Cal., staged the nation's first "eyele
archery" tournament for the desert championship recently. Marjorie
Burnett is the archerette while Ludie Britch provides power.

Combining two popular forms of sport at the famed desert winter re
sort, sub-debs at Palm Springs, Cal., staged the nation's first "eyele
archery" tournament for the desert championship recently. Marjorie
Burnett is the archerette while Ludie Britch provides power.

Combining two popular forms of sport at the famed desert winter re
sort, sub-debs at Palm Springs, Cal., staged the nation's first "eyele
archery" tournament for the desert championship recently. Marjorie
Burnett is the archerette while Ludie Britch provides power.

Combining two popular forms of sport at the famed desert winter re
sort, sub-debs at Palm Springs, Cal., staged the nation's first "eyele
archery" tournament for the desert championship recently. Marjorie
Burnett is the archerette while Ludie Britch provides power.

Combining two popular forms of sport at the famed desert winter re
sort, sub-debs at Palm Springs, Cal., staged the nation's first "eyele
archery" tournament for the desert championship recently. Marjorie
Burnett is the archerette while Ludie Britch provides power.

Combining two popular forms of sport at the famed desert winter re
sort, sub-debs at Palm Springs, Cal., staged the nation's first "eyele
archery" tournament for the desert championship recently. Marjorie
Burnett is the archerette while Ludie Britch provides power.

Combining two popular forms of sport at the famed desert winter re
sort, sub-debs at Palm Springs, Cal., staged the nation's first "eyele
archery" tournament for the desert championship recently. Marjorie
Burnett is the archerette while Ludie Britch provides power.

Combining two popular forms of sport at the famed desert winter re
sort, sub-debs at Palm Springs, Cal., staged the nation's first "eyele
archery" tournament for the desert championship recently. Marjorie
Burnett is the archerette while Ludie Britch provides power.

Combining two popular forms of sport at the famed desert winter re
sort, sub-debs at Palm Springs, Cal., staged the nation's first "eyele
archery" tournament for the desert championship recently. Marjorie
Burnett is the archerette while Ludie Britch provides power.

Combining two popular forms of sport at the famed desert winter re
sort, sub-debs at Palm Springs, Cal., staged the nation's first "eyele
archery" tournament for the desert championship recently. Marjorie
Burnett is the archerette while Ludie Britch provides power.

Combining two popular forms of sport at the famed desert winter re
sort, sub-debs at Palm Springs, Cal., staged the nation's first "eyele
archery" tournament for the desert championship recently. Marjorie
Burnett is the archerette while Ludie Britch provides power.

Combining two popular forms of sport at the famed desert winter re
sort, sub-debs at Palm Springs, Cal., staged the nation's first "eyele
archery" tournament for the desert championship recently. Marjorie
Burnett is the archerette while Ludie Britch provides power.
