# Squawk Diminishes On Military Ball Orchestra
## 
### 
There were few new developments
yesterday of the ofT-carnpus orches
tra controversy that resulted from
the hiring of the "New York" Night
Club" orchestra for the Military Ball
last Friday night.
Committee members tor the Mili
tary Ball expressed themselves as
satisfied with the outside orchestra.
Chairman Nat Kendall said: "If it
was a pick-up orchestra, I don't see
how it played as well as it did."
Prominent local musicians Gordon
Heche, Bob Clancy, and A1 Rushton
declined to add to the comment in
yesterday's Daily, saying that it
would sound too much like "sour
grapes", but called attention to the
fact that a local orchestra was do
nating its free services for the char
ity Sophomore Carnival, as the local
orchestras have done many times in
the past.
There were few new developments
yesterday of the ofT-carnpus orches
tra controversy that resulted from
the hiring of the "New York" Night
Club" orchestra for the Military Ball
last Friday night.
Committee members tor the Mili
tary Ball expressed themselves as
satisfied with the outside orchestra.
Chairman Nat Kendall said: "If it
was a pick-up orchestra, I don't see
how it played as well as it did."
Prominent local musicians Gordon
Heche, Bob Clancy, and A1 Rushton
declined to add to the comment in
yesterday's Daily, saying that it
would sound too much like "sour
grapes", but called attention to the
fact that a local orchestra was do
nating its free services for the char
ity Sophomore Carnival, as the local
orchestras have done many times in
the past.
There were few new developments
yesterday of the ofT-carnpus orches
tra controversy that resulted from
the hiring of the "New York" Night
Club" orchestra for the Military Ball
last Friday night.
Committee members tor the Mili
tary Ball expressed themselves as
satisfied with the outside orchestra.
Chairman Nat Kendall said: "If it
was a pick-up orchestra, I don't see
how it played as well as it did."
Prominent local musicians Gordon
Heche, Bob Clancy, and A1 Rushton
declined to add to the comment in
yesterday's Daily, saying that it
would sound too much like "sour
grapes", but called attention to the
fact that a local orchestra was do
nating its free services for the char
ity Sophomore Carnival, as the local
orchestras have done many times in
the past.
There were few new developments
yesterday of the ofT-carnpus orches
tra controversy that resulted from
the hiring of the "New York" Night
Club" orchestra for the Military Ball
last Friday night.
Committee members tor the Mili
tary Ball expressed themselves as
satisfied with the outside orchestra.
Chairman Nat Kendall said: "If it
was a pick-up orchestra, I don't see
how it played as well as it did."
Prominent local musicians Gordon
Heche, Bob Clancy, and A1 Rushton
declined to add to the comment in
yesterday's Daily, saying that it
would sound too much like "sour
grapes", but called attention to the
fact that a local orchestra was do
nating its free services for the char
ity Sophomore Carnival, as the local
orchestras have done many times in
the past.
There were few new developments
yesterday of the ofT-carnpus orches
tra controversy that resulted from
the hiring of the "New York" Night
Club" orchestra for the Military Ball
last Friday night.
Committee members tor the Mili
tary Ball expressed themselves as
satisfied with the outside orchestra.
Chairman Nat Kendall said: "If it
was a pick-up orchestra, I don't see
how it played as well as it did."
Prominent local musicians Gordon
Heche, Bob Clancy, and A1 Rushton
declined to add to the comment in
yesterday's Daily, saying that it
would sound too much like "sour
grapes", but called attention to the
fact that a local orchestra was do
nating its free services for the char
ity Sophomore Carnival, as the local
orchestras have done many times in
the past.
There were few new developments
yesterday of the ofT-carnpus orches
tra controversy that resulted from
the hiring of the "New York" Night
Club" orchestra for the Military Ball
last Friday night.
Committee members tor the Mili
tary Ball expressed themselves as
satisfied with the outside orchestra.
Chairman Nat Kendall said: "If it
was a pick-up orchestra, I don't see
how it played as well as it did."
Prominent local musicians Gordon
Heche, Bob Clancy, and A1 Rushton
declined to add to the comment in
yesterday's Daily, saying that it
would sound too much like "sour
grapes", but called attention to the
fact that a local orchestra was do
nating its free services for the char
ity Sophomore Carnival, as the local
orchestras have done many times in
the past.
There were few new developments
yesterday of the ofT-carnpus orches
tra controversy that resulted from
the hiring of the "New York" Night
Club" orchestra for the Military Ball
last Friday night.
Committee members tor the Mili
tary Ball expressed themselves as
satisfied with the outside orchestra.
Chairman Nat Kendall said: "If it
was a pick-up orchestra, I don't see
how it played as well as it did."
Prominent local musicians Gordon
Heche, Bob Clancy, and A1 Rushton
declined to add to the comment in
yesterday's Daily, saying that it
would sound too much like "sour
grapes", but called attention to the
fact that a local orchestra was do
nating its free services for the char
ity Sophomore Carnival, as the local
orchestras have done many times in
the past.
There were few new developments
yesterday of the ofT-carnpus orches
tra controversy that resulted from
the hiring of the "New York" Night
Club" orchestra for the Military Ball
last Friday night.
Committee members tor the Mili
tary Ball expressed themselves as
satisfied with the outside orchestra.
Chairman Nat Kendall said: "If it
was a pick-up orchestra, I don't see
how it played as well as it did."
Prominent local musicians Gordon
Heche, Bob Clancy, and A1 Rushton
declined to add to the comment in
yesterday's Daily, saying that it
would sound too much like "sour
grapes", but called attention to the
fact that a local orchestra was do
nating its free services for the char
ity Sophomore Carnival, as the local
orchestras have done many times in
the past.
There were few new developments
yesterday of the ofT-carnpus orches
tra controversy that resulted from
the hiring of the "New York" Night
Club" orchestra for the Military Ball
last Friday night.
Committee members tor the Mili
tary Ball expressed themselves as
satisfied with the outside orchestra.
Chairman Nat Kendall said: "If it
was a pick-up orchestra, I don't see
how it played as well as it did."
Prominent local musicians Gordon
Heche, Bob Clancy, and A1 Rushton
declined to add to the comment in
yesterday's Daily, saying that it
would sound too much like "sour
grapes", but called attention to the
fact that a local orchestra was do
nating its free services for the char
ity Sophomore Carnival, as the local
orchestras have done many times in
the past.
There were few new developments
yesterday of the ofT-carnpus orches
tra controversy that resulted from
the hiring of the "New York" Night
Club" orchestra for the Military Ball
last Friday night.
Committee members tor the Mili
tary Ball expressed themselves as
satisfied with the outside orchestra.
Chairman Nat Kendall said: "If it
was a pick-up orchestra, I don't see
how it played as well as it did."
Prominent local musicians Gordon
Heche, Bob Clancy, and A1 Rushton
declined to add to the comment in
yesterday's Daily, saying that it
would sound too much like "sour
grapes", but called attention to the
fact that a local orchestra was do
nating its free services for the char
ity Sophomore Carnival, as the local
orchestras have done many times in
the past.
There were few new developments
yesterday of the ofT-carnpus orches
tra controversy that resulted from
the hiring of the "New York" Night
Club" orchestra for the Military Ball
last Friday night.
Committee members tor the Mili
tary Ball expressed themselves as
satisfied with the outside orchestra.
Chairman Nat Kendall said: "If it
was a pick-up orchestra, I don't see
how it played as well as it did."
Prominent local musicians Gordon
Heche, Bob Clancy, and A1 Rushton
declined to add to the comment in
yesterday's Daily, saying that it
would sound too much like "sour
grapes", but called attention to the
fact that a local orchestra was do
nating its free services for the char
ity Sophomore Carnival, as the local
orchestras have done many times in
the past.
There were few new developments
yesterday of the ofT-carnpus orches
tra controversy that resulted from
the hiring of the "New York" Night
Club" orchestra for the Military Ball
last Friday night.
Committee members tor the Mili
tary Ball expressed themselves as
satisfied with the outside orchestra.
Chairman Nat Kendall said: "If it
was a pick-up orchestra, I don't see
how it played as well as it did."
Prominent local musicians Gordon
Heche, Bob Clancy, and A1 Rushton
declined to add to the comment in
yesterday's Daily, saying that it
would sound too much like "sour
grapes", but called attention to the
fact that a local orchestra was do
nating its free services for the char
ity Sophomore Carnival, as the local
orchestras have done many times in
the past.
There were few new developments
yesterday of the ofT-carnpus orches
tra controversy that resulted from
the hiring of the "New York" Night
Club" orchestra for the Military Ball
last Friday night.
Committee members tor the Mili
tary Ball expressed themselves as
satisfied with the outside orchestra.
Chairman Nat Kendall said: "If it
was a pick-up orchestra, I don't see
how it played as well as it did."
Prominent local musicians Gordon
Heche, Bob Clancy, and A1 Rushton
declined to add to the comment in
yesterday's Daily, saying that it
would sound too much like "sour
grapes", but called attention to the
fact that a local orchestra was do
nating its free services for the char
ity Sophomore Carnival, as the local
orchestras have done many times in
the past.
There were few new developments
yesterday of the ofT-carnpus orches
tra controversy that resulted from
the hiring of the "New York" Night
Club" orchestra for the Military Ball
last Friday night.
Committee members tor the Mili
tary Ball expressed themselves as
satisfied with the outside orchestra.
Chairman Nat Kendall said: "If it
was a pick-up orchestra, I don't see
how it played as well as it did."
Prominent local musicians Gordon
Heche, Bob Clancy, and A1 Rushton
declined to add to the comment in
yesterday's Daily, saying that it
would sound too much like "sour
grapes", but called attention to the
fact that a local orchestra was do
nating its free services for the char
ity Sophomore Carnival, as the local
orchestras have done many times in
the past.
There were few new developments
yesterday of the ofT-carnpus orches
tra controversy that resulted from
the hiring of the "New York" Night
Club" orchestra for the Military Ball
last Friday night.
Committee members tor the Mili
tary Ball expressed themselves as
satisfied with the outside orchestra.
Chairman Nat Kendall said: "If it
was a pick-up orchestra, I don't see
how it played as well as it did."
Prominent local musicians Gordon
Heche, Bob Clancy, and A1 Rushton
declined to add to the comment in
yesterday's Daily, saying that it
would sound too much like "sour
grapes", but called attention to the
fact that a local orchestra was do
nating its free services for the char
ity Sophomore Carnival, as the local
orchestras have done many times in
the past.
