# California Skier
## 
### 

A glimpse of a daring skier
soaring high above the pine
trees at Big Pines, Cal., as he
practiced for the annual Cali
fornia State Ski Jumping
Championships at Lake Ar
rowhead.

A glimpse of a daring skier
soaring high above the pine
trees at Big Pines, Cal., as he
practiced for the annual Cali
fornia State Ski Jumping
Championships at Lake Ar
rowhead.

A glimpse of a daring skier
soaring high above the pine
trees at Big Pines, Cal., as he
practiced for the annual Cali
fornia State Ski Jumping
Championships at Lake Ar
rowhead.

A glimpse of a daring skier
soaring high above the pine
trees at Big Pines, Cal., as he
practiced for the annual Cali
fornia State Ski Jumping
Championships at Lake Ar
rowhead.

A glimpse of a daring skier
soaring high above the pine
trees at Big Pines, Cal., as he
practiced for the annual Cali
fornia State Ski Jumping
Championships at Lake Ar
rowhead.

A glimpse of a daring skier
soaring high above the pine
trees at Big Pines, Cal., as he
practiced for the annual Cali
fornia State Ski Jumping
Championships at Lake Ar
rowhead.

A glimpse of a daring skier
soaring high above the pine
trees at Big Pines, Cal., as he
practiced for the annual Cali
fornia State Ski Jumping
Championships at Lake Ar
rowhead.

A glimpse of a daring skier
soaring high above the pine
trees at Big Pines, Cal., as he
practiced for the annual Cali
fornia State Ski Jumping
Championships at Lake Ar
rowhead.

A glimpse of a daring skier
soaring high above the pine
trees at Big Pines, Cal., as he
practiced for the annual Cali
fornia State Ski Jumping
Championships at Lake Ar
rowhead.

A glimpse of a daring skier
soaring high above the pine
trees at Big Pines, Cal., as he
practiced for the annual Cali
fornia State Ski Jumping
Championships at Lake Ar
rowhead.

A glimpse of a daring skier
soaring high above the pine
trees at Big Pines, Cal., as he
practiced for the annual Cali
fornia State Ski Jumping
Championships at Lake Ar
rowhead.

A glimpse of a daring skier
soaring high above the pine
trees at Big Pines, Cal., as he
practiced for the annual Cali
fornia State Ski Jumping
Championships at Lake Ar
rowhead.

A glimpse of a daring skier
soaring high above the pine
trees at Big Pines, Cal., as he
practiced for the annual Cali
fornia State Ski Jumping
Championships at Lake Ar
rowhead.

A glimpse of a daring skier
soaring high above the pine
trees at Big Pines, Cal., as he
practiced for the annual Cali
fornia State Ski Jumping
Championships at Lake Ar
rowhead.

A glimpse of a daring skier
soaring high above the pine
trees at Big Pines, Cal., as he
practiced for the annual Cali
fornia State Ski Jumping
Championships at Lake Ar
rowhead.
