# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Cardenal, Florence Moore, an
nounces the engagement of Shar
on Adler, '60, to Leonard Hommel
Stanford Graduate School of Psy
chology.
Cardenal, Florence Moore, an
nounces the engagement of Shar
on Adler, '60, to Leonard Hommel
Stanford Graduate School of Psy
chology.
Cardenal, Florence Moore, an
nounces the engagement of Shar
on Adler, '60, to Leonard Hommel
Stanford Graduate School of Psy
chology.
Cardenal, Florence Moore, an
nounces the engagement of Shar
on Adler, '60, to Leonard Hommel
Stanford Graduate School of Psy
chology.
Cardenal, Florence Moore, an
nounces the engagement of Shar
on Adler, '60, to Leonard Hommel
Stanford Graduate School of Psy
chology.
Cardenal, Florence Moore, an
nounces the engagement of Shar
on Adler, '60, to Leonard Hommel
Stanford Graduate School of Psy
chology.
Cardenal, Florence Moore, an
nounces the engagement of Shar
on Adler, '60, to Leonard Hommel
Stanford Graduate School of Psy
chology.
Cardenal, Florence Moore, an
nounces the engagement of Shar
on Adler, '60, to Leonard Hommel
Stanford Graduate School of Psy
chology.
Cardenal, Florence Moore, an
nounces the engagement of Shar
on Adler, '60, to Leonard Hommel
Stanford Graduate School of Psy
chology.
Cardenal, Florence Moore, an
nounces the engagement of Shar
on Adler, '60, to Leonard Hommel
Stanford Graduate School of Psy
chology.
Cardenal, Florence Moore, an
nounces the engagement of Shar
on Adler, '60, to Leonard Hommel
Stanford Graduate School of Psy
chology.
Cardenal, Florence Moore, an
nounces the engagement of Shar
on Adler, '60, to Leonard Hommel
Stanford Graduate School of Psy
chology.
Cardenal, Florence Moore, an
nounces the engagement of Shar
on Adler, '60, to Leonard Hommel
Stanford Graduate School of Psy
chology.
Cardenal, Florence Moore, an
nounces the engagement of Shar
on Adler, '60, to Leonard Hommel
Stanford Graduate School of Psy
chology.
Cardenal, Florence Moore, an
nounces the engagement of Shar
on Adler, '60, to Leonard Hommel
Stanford Graduate School of Psy
chology.
Cardenal, Florence Moore, an
nounces the engagement of Shar
on Adler, '60, to Leonard Hommel
Stanford Graduate School of Psy
chology.
Cardenal, Florence Moore, an
nounces the engagement of Shar
on Adler, '60, to Leonard Hommel
Stanford Graduate School of Psy
chology.
