# Cotter Gets Appointment
## 
### 
Cornelius P. Cotter, associate
professor of political science, has
been appointed special consultant
to Chairman Meade Alcorn of the
Republican National Committee.
Cotter is in Washington on a
year's leave of absence from Stan
ford. He will help plan the 1960
GOP campaign.
A 1949 Stanford graduate, he
earned his advanced degrees from
Harvard, and returned in 1933 to
teach at Stanford.
Cotter's faculty fellowship to
the GOP National Committee is
supported jointly by the Republi
can Party and the non-partisan
Citizenship Clearing House.
A political scientist consultant
to the Democratic National Com
mittee under a similar arrange
ment will be announced shortly.


CORNELIUS COTTER
GOP appointee
