# 'Garden District' Presented
## 
### 
Winifred Man and Neva Fowler ponder a problem in the first of
two plays combined under the title of "Garden District," by Ten
nessee Williams. The plays, "Something Unspoken" and "Suddenly
Last Slimmer," were presented last night in Memorial Auditorium
by the San Francisco Actor's Workship. The plays premiered in
San Francisco last fall.

Winifred Man and Neva Fowler ponder a problem in the first of
two plays combined under the title of "Garden District," by Ten
nessee Williams. The plays, "Something Unspoken" and "Suddenly
Last Slimmer," were presented last night in Memorial Auditorium
by the San Francisco Actor's Workship. The plays premiered in
San Francisco last fall.

Winifred Man and Neva Fowler ponder a problem in the first of
two plays combined under the title of "Garden District," by Ten
nessee Williams. The plays, "Something Unspoken" and "Suddenly
Last Slimmer," were presented last night in Memorial Auditorium
by the San Francisco Actor's Workship. The plays premiered in
San Francisco last fall.

Winifred Man and Neva Fowler ponder a problem in the first of
two plays combined under the title of "Garden District," by Ten
nessee Williams. The plays, "Something Unspoken" and "Suddenly
Last Slimmer," were presented last night in Memorial Auditorium
by the San Francisco Actor's Workship. The plays premiered in
San Francisco last fall.

Winifred Man and Neva Fowler ponder a problem in the first of
two plays combined under the title of "Garden District," by Ten
nessee Williams. The plays, "Something Unspoken" and "Suddenly
Last Slimmer," were presented last night in Memorial Auditorium
by the San Francisco Actor's Workship. The plays premiered in
San Francisco last fall.

Winifred Man and Neva Fowler ponder a problem in the first of
two plays combined under the title of "Garden District," by Ten
nessee Williams. The plays, "Something Unspoken" and "Suddenly
Last Slimmer," were presented last night in Memorial Auditorium
by the San Francisco Actor's Workship. The plays premiered in
San Francisco last fall.

Winifred Man and Neva Fowler ponder a problem in the first of
two plays combined under the title of "Garden District," by Ten
nessee Williams. The plays, "Something Unspoken" and "Suddenly
Last Slimmer," were presented last night in Memorial Auditorium
by the San Francisco Actor's Workship. The plays premiered in
San Francisco last fall.

Winifred Man and Neva Fowler ponder a problem in the first of
two plays combined under the title of "Garden District," by Ten
nessee Williams. The plays, "Something Unspoken" and "Suddenly
Last Slimmer," were presented last night in Memorial Auditorium
by the San Francisco Actor's Workship. The plays premiered in
San Francisco last fall.

Winifred Man and Neva Fowler ponder a problem in the first of
two plays combined under the title of "Garden District," by Ten
nessee Williams. The plays, "Something Unspoken" and "Suddenly
Last Slimmer," were presented last night in Memorial Auditorium
by the San Francisco Actor's Workship. The plays premiered in
San Francisco last fall.

Winifred Man and Neva Fowler ponder a problem in the first of
two plays combined under the title of "Garden District," by Ten
nessee Williams. The plays, "Something Unspoken" and "Suddenly
Last Slimmer," were presented last night in Memorial Auditorium
by the San Francisco Actor's Workship. The plays premiered in
San Francisco last fall.

Winifred Man and Neva Fowler ponder a problem in the first of
two plays combined under the title of "Garden District," by Ten
nessee Williams. The plays, "Something Unspoken" and "Suddenly
Last Slimmer," were presented last night in Memorial Auditorium
by the San Francisco Actor's Workship. The plays premiered in
San Francisco last fall.

Winifred Man and Neva Fowler ponder a problem in the first of
two plays combined under the title of "Garden District," by Ten
nessee Williams. The plays, "Something Unspoken" and "Suddenly
Last Slimmer," were presented last night in Memorial Auditorium
by the San Francisco Actor's Workship. The plays premiered in
San Francisco last fall.

Winifred Man and Neva Fowler ponder a problem in the first of
two plays combined under the title of "Garden District," by Ten
nessee Williams. The plays, "Something Unspoken" and "Suddenly
Last Slimmer," were presented last night in Memorial Auditorium
by the San Francisco Actor's Workship. The plays premiered in
San Francisco last fall.

Winifred Man and Neva Fowler ponder a problem in the first of
two plays combined under the title of "Garden District," by Ten
nessee Williams. The plays, "Something Unspoken" and "Suddenly
Last Slimmer," were presented last night in Memorial Auditorium
by the San Francisco Actor's Workship. The plays premiered in
San Francisco last fall.

Winifred Man and Neva Fowler ponder a problem in the first of
two plays combined under the title of "Garden District," by Ten
nessee Williams. The plays, "Something Unspoken" and "Suddenly
Last Slimmer," were presented last night in Memorial Auditorium
by the San Francisco Actor's Workship. The plays premiered in
San Francisco last fall.

Winifred Man and Neva Fowler ponder a problem in the first of
two plays combined under the title of "Garden District," by Ten
nessee Williams. The plays, "Something Unspoken" and "Suddenly
Last Slimmer," were presented last night in Memorial Auditorium
by the San Francisco Actor's Workship. The plays premiered in
San Francisco last fall.

Winifred Man and Neva Fowler ponder a problem in the first of
two plays combined under the title of "Garden District," by Ten
nessee Williams. The plays, "Something Unspoken" and "Suddenly
Last Slimmer," were presented last night in Memorial Auditorium
by the San Francisco Actor's Workship. The plays premiered in
San Francisco last fall.

