# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Cindy Allen, '60,
to Lanny Passaro, Los Arcos, '59.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Cindy Allen, '60,
to Lanny Passaro, Los Arcos, '59.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Cindy Allen, '60,
to Lanny Passaro, Los Arcos, '59.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Cindy Allen, '60,
to Lanny Passaro, Los Arcos, '59.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Cindy Allen, '60,
to Lanny Passaro, Los Arcos, '59.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Cindy Allen, '60,
to Lanny Passaro, Los Arcos, '59.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Cindy Allen, '60,
to Lanny Passaro, Los Arcos, '59.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Cindy Allen, '60,
to Lanny Passaro, Los Arcos, '59.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Cindy Allen, '60,
to Lanny Passaro, Los Arcos, '59.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Cindy Allen, '60,
to Lanny Passaro, Los Arcos, '59.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Cindy Allen, '60,
to Lanny Passaro, Los Arcos, '59.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Cindy Allen, '60,
to Lanny Passaro, Los Arcos, '59.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Cindy Allen, '60,
to Lanny Passaro, Los Arcos, '59.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Cindy Allen, '60,
to Lanny Passaro, Los Arcos, '59.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Cindy Allen, '60,
to Lanny Passaro, Los Arcos, '59.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Cindy Allen, '60,
to Lanny Passaro, Los Arcos, '59.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Cindy Allen, '60,
to Lanny Passaro, Los Arcos, '59.
