# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Charla Leavens, '60,
to Randy Fowkes, '59, Alpha Tau
Omega.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Charla Leavens, '60,
to Randy Fowkes, '59, Alpha Tau
Omega.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Charla Leavens, '60,
to Randy Fowkes, '59, Alpha Tau
Omega.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Charla Leavens, '60,
to Randy Fowkes, '59, Alpha Tau
Omega.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Charla Leavens, '60,
to Randy Fowkes, '59, Alpha Tau
Omega.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Charla Leavens, '60,
to Randy Fowkes, '59, Alpha Tau
Omega.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Charla Leavens, '60,
to Randy Fowkes, '59, Alpha Tau
Omega.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Charla Leavens, '60,
to Randy Fowkes, '59, Alpha Tau
Omega.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Charla Leavens, '60,
to Randy Fowkes, '59, Alpha Tau
Omega.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Charla Leavens, '60,
to Randy Fowkes, '59, Alpha Tau
Omega.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Charla Leavens, '60,
to Randy Fowkes, '59, Alpha Tau
Omega.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Charla Leavens, '60,
to Randy Fowkes, '59, Alpha Tau
Omega.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Charla Leavens, '60,
to Randy Fowkes, '59, Alpha Tau
Omega.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Charla Leavens, '60,
to Randy Fowkes, '59, Alpha Tau
Omega.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Charla Leavens, '60,
to Randy Fowkes, '59, Alpha Tau
Omega.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Charla Leavens, '60,
to Randy Fowkes, '59, Alpha Tau
Omega.
Loro House announces the en
gagement of Charla Leavens, '60,
to Randy Fowkes, '59, Alpha Tau
Omega.
