# Radio Expert
## 
### 
Prof. Lawrence Manning of
Stanford's Ra<l i o Propagat ion
Laboratory has been named of
ficial U.S. member on the lono
sphere Commission of the Inter
national Scientific Radio Union.
His appointment follows recent
election as chairman of the U.S.
lonosphere Commission of the in
ternational group.
Prof. Lawrence Manning of
Stanford's Ra<l i o Propagat ion
Laboratory has been named of
ficial U.S. member on the lono
sphere Commission of the Inter
national Scientific Radio Union.
His appointment follows recent
election as chairman of the U.S.
lonosphere Commission of the in
ternational group.
Prof. Lawrence Manning of
Stanford's Ra<l i o Propagat ion
Laboratory has been named of
ficial U.S. member on the lono
sphere Commission of the Inter
national Scientific Radio Union.
His appointment follows recent
election as chairman of the U.S.
lonosphere Commission of the in
ternational group.
Prof. Lawrence Manning of
Stanford's Ra<l i o Propagat ion
Laboratory has been named of
ficial U.S. member on the lono
sphere Commission of the Inter
national Scientific Radio Union.
His appointment follows recent
election as chairman of the U.S.
lonosphere Commission of the in
ternational group.
Prof. Lawrence Manning of
Stanford's Ra<l i o Propagat ion
Laboratory has been named of
ficial U.S. member on the lono
sphere Commission of the Inter
national Scientific Radio Union.
His appointment follows recent
election as chairman of the U.S.
lonosphere Commission of the in
ternational group.
Prof. Lawrence Manning of
Stanford's Ra<l i o Propagat ion
Laboratory has been named of
ficial U.S. member on the lono
sphere Commission of the Inter
national Scientific Radio Union.
His appointment follows recent
election as chairman of the U.S.
lonosphere Commission of the in
ternational group.
Prof. Lawrence Manning of
Stanford's Ra<l i o Propagat ion
Laboratory has been named of
ficial U.S. member on the lono
sphere Commission of the Inter
national Scientific Radio Union.
His appointment follows recent
election as chairman of the U.S.
lonosphere Commission of the in
ternational group.
Prof. Lawrence Manning of
Stanford's Ra<l i o Propagat ion
Laboratory has been named of
ficial U.S. member on the lono
sphere Commission of the Inter
national Scientific Radio Union.
His appointment follows recent
election as chairman of the U.S.
lonosphere Commission of the in
ternational group.
Prof. Lawrence Manning of
Stanford's Ra<l i o Propagat ion
Laboratory has been named of
ficial U.S. member on the lono
sphere Commission of the Inter
national Scientific Radio Union.
His appointment follows recent
election as chairman of the U.S.
lonosphere Commission of the in
ternational group.
Prof. Lawrence Manning of
Stanford's Ra<l i o Propagat ion
Laboratory has been named of
ficial U.S. member on the lono
sphere Commission of the Inter
national Scientific Radio Union.
His appointment follows recent
election as chairman of the U.S.
lonosphere Commission of the in
ternational group.
Prof. Lawrence Manning of
Stanford's Ra<l i o Propagat ion
Laboratory has been named of
ficial U.S. member on the lono
sphere Commission of the Inter
national Scientific Radio Union.
His appointment follows recent
election as chairman of the U.S.
lonosphere Commission of the in
ternational group.
Prof. Lawrence Manning of
Stanford's Ra<l i o Propagat ion
Laboratory has been named of
ficial U.S. member on the lono
sphere Commission of the Inter
national Scientific Radio Union.
His appointment follows recent
election as chairman of the U.S.
lonosphere Commission of the in
ternational group.
Prof. Lawrence Manning of
Stanford's Ra<l i o Propagat ion
Laboratory has been named of
ficial U.S. member on the lono
sphere Commission of the Inter
national Scientific Radio Union.
His appointment follows recent
election as chairman of the U.S.
lonosphere Commission of the in
ternational group.
Prof. Lawrence Manning of
Stanford's Ra<l i o Propagat ion
Laboratory has been named of
ficial U.S. member on the lono
sphere Commission of the Inter
national Scientific Radio Union.
His appointment follows recent
election as chairman of the U.S.
lonosphere Commission of the in
ternational group.
Prof. Lawrence Manning of
Stanford's Ra<l i o Propagat ion
Laboratory has been named of
ficial U.S. member on the lono
sphere Commission of the Inter
national Scientific Radio Union.
His appointment follows recent
election as chairman of the U.S.
lonosphere Commission of the in
ternational group.
Prof. Lawrence Manning of
Stanford's Ra<l i o Propagat ion
Laboratory has been named of
ficial U.S. member on the lono
sphere Commission of the Inter
national Scientific Radio Union.
His appointment follows recent
election as chairman of the U.S.
lonosphere Commission of the in
ternational group.
Prof. Lawrence Manning of
Stanford's Ra<l i o Propagat ion
Laboratory has been named of
ficial U.S. member on the lono
sphere Commission of the Inter
national Scientific Radio Union.
His appointment follows recent
election as chairman of the U.S.
lonosphere Commission of the in
ternational group.
