# Untitled Article
## 
### 

President Eisenhower's balanced budget for the fiscal year 1959-60
derives most of its income from individual income taxes and re
quires the largest amount for military security. The $77 billion
budget is divided much the same as it was last year.

President Eisenhower's balanced budget for the fiscal year 1959-60
derives most of its income from individual income taxes and re
quires the largest amount for military security. The $77 billion
budget is divided much the same as it was last year.

President Eisenhower's balanced budget for the fiscal year 1959-60
derives most of its income from individual income taxes and re
quires the largest amount for military security. The $77 billion
budget is divided much the same as it was last year.

President Eisenhower's balanced budget for the fiscal year 1959-60
derives most of its income from individual income taxes and re
quires the largest amount for military security. The $77 billion
budget is divided much the same as it was last year.

President Eisenhower's balanced budget for the fiscal year 1959-60
derives most of its income from individual income taxes and re
quires the largest amount for military security. The $77 billion
budget is divided much the same as it was last year.

President Eisenhower's balanced budget for the fiscal year 1959-60
derives most of its income from individual income taxes and re
quires the largest amount for military security. The $77 billion
budget is divided much the same as it was last year.

President Eisenhower's balanced budget for the fiscal year 1959-60
derives most of its income from individual income taxes and re
quires the largest amount for military security. The $77 billion
budget is divided much the same as it was last year.

President Eisenhower's balanced budget for the fiscal year 1959-60
derives most of its income from individual income taxes and re
quires the largest amount for military security. The $77 billion
budget is divided much the same as it was last year.

President Eisenhower's balanced budget for the fiscal year 1959-60
derives most of its income from individual income taxes and re
quires the largest amount for military security. The $77 billion
budget is divided much the same as it was last year.

President Eisenhower's balanced budget for the fiscal year 1959-60
derives most of its income from individual income taxes and re
quires the largest amount for military security. The $77 billion
budget is divided much the same as it was last year.

President Eisenhower's balanced budget for the fiscal year 1959-60
derives most of its income from individual income taxes and re
quires the largest amount for military security. The $77 billion
budget is divided much the same as it was last year.

President Eisenhower's balanced budget for the fiscal year 1959-60
derives most of its income from individual income taxes and re
quires the largest amount for military security. The $77 billion
budget is divided much the same as it was last year.

President Eisenhower's balanced budget for the fiscal year 1959-60
derives most of its income from individual income taxes and re
quires the largest amount for military security. The $77 billion
budget is divided much the same as it was last year.

President Eisenhower's balanced budget for the fiscal year 1959-60
derives most of its income from individual income taxes and re
quires the largest amount for military security. The $77 billion
budget is divided much the same as it was last year.

President Eisenhower's balanced budget for the fiscal year 1959-60
derives most of its income from individual income taxes and re
quires the largest amount for military security. The $77 billion
budget is divided much the same as it was last year.

President Eisenhower's balanced budget for the fiscal year 1959-60
derives most of its income from individual income taxes and re
quires the largest amount for military security. The $77 billion
budget is divided much the same as it was last year.

President Eisenhower's balanced budget for the fiscal year 1959-60
derives most of its income from individual income taxes and re
quires the largest amount for military security. The $77 billion
budget is divided much the same as it was last year.
