# Grade Points Disclosed by S.F. Principal
## 
### 
Restricted grade point informa
tion on Stanford students from
local high schools was released
Monday, reports Assistant Reg
istrar Elmer Wagner.
Portions of the Registrar's Re
port, which lists the number and
grade averages of students ar
ranged by preparatory or high
schools, were revealed by O. I.
Schmaelzle, principal of George
Washington High School in San
Francisco.
Schmaelzle revealed that grad
uates from his high school topped
all other San Francisco high
school graduates in combined
grade point averages at Stanford.
He listed his school's mark and
the averages of students from
other local high schools and pre
paratory schools.
The disclosure brought a strong
protest from the University ad
ministration.
"If it's a confidential report,
there's nothing on it that says
so," stated Schmaelzle.
. "The Report is sent to over 700
educational institutions from
which students come to Stan
ford," said Wagner, "and wc have
always considered it confiden
tial."
"The report is provided as a
service for high schools to aid in
counseling and in evaluating their
curriculum," explained Wagner,
"and it is not really secret, but
rather is 'professional informa
tion.' To make it public is a
breach of professional ethics."
According to the San Francisco
Chronicle, other Bay Area school
officials refused to make state
ments verifying or denying the
figures reported by Schmaelzle.
