# Band to Have Two Loaders.
## 
### 
A. new system of leadership for the
University Band has been designed by
Director E. W. Martin and retiring
leader T. K. Stark, '11. Hereafter
there will be two leaders of equal
standing who will be elected immedi
ately after the Intercollegiate Foot
ball game for a period of one year.
This will provide the band with an
experienced director at all times.
A. new system of leadership for the
University Band has been designed by
Director E. W. Martin and retiring
leader T. K. Stark, '11. Hereafter
there will be two leaders of equal
standing who will be elected immedi
ately after the Intercollegiate Foot
ball game for a period of one year.
This will provide the band with an
experienced director at all times.
A. new system of leadership for the
University Band has been designed by
Director E. W. Martin and retiring
leader T. K. Stark, '11. Hereafter
there will be two leaders of equal
standing who will be elected immedi
ately after the Intercollegiate Foot
ball game for a period of one year.
This will provide the band with an
experienced director at all times.
A. new system of leadership for the
University Band has been designed by
Director E. W. Martin and retiring
leader T. K. Stark, '11. Hereafter
there will be two leaders of equal
standing who will be elected immedi
ately after the Intercollegiate Foot
ball game for a period of one year.
This will provide the band with an
experienced director at all times.
A. new system of leadership for the
University Band has been designed by
Director E. W. Martin and retiring
leader T. K. Stark, '11. Hereafter
there will be two leaders of equal
standing who will be elected immedi
ately after the Intercollegiate Foot
ball game for a period of one year.
This will provide the band with an
experienced director at all times.
A. new system of leadership for the
University Band has been designed by
Director E. W. Martin and retiring
leader T. K. Stark, '11. Hereafter
there will be two leaders of equal
standing who will be elected immedi
ately after the Intercollegiate Foot
ball game for a period of one year.
This will provide the band with an
experienced director at all times.
A. new system of leadership for the
University Band has been designed by
Director E. W. Martin and retiring
leader T. K. Stark, '11. Hereafter
there will be two leaders of equal
standing who will be elected immedi
ately after the Intercollegiate Foot
ball game for a period of one year.
This will provide the band with an
experienced director at all times.
A. new system of leadership for the
University Band has been designed by
Director E. W. Martin and retiring
leader T. K. Stark, '11. Hereafter
there will be two leaders of equal
standing who will be elected immedi
ately after the Intercollegiate Foot
ball game for a period of one year.
This will provide the band with an
experienced director at all times.
A. new system of leadership for the
University Band has been designed by
Director E. W. Martin and retiring
leader T. K. Stark, '11. Hereafter
there will be two leaders of equal
standing who will be elected immedi
ately after the Intercollegiate Foot
ball game for a period of one year.
This will provide the band with an
experienced director at all times.
A. new system of leadership for the
University Band has been designed by
Director E. W. Martin and retiring
leader T. K. Stark, '11. Hereafter
there will be two leaders of equal
standing who will be elected immedi
ately after the Intercollegiate Foot
ball game for a period of one year.
This will provide the band with an
experienced director at all times.
A. new system of leadership for the
University Band has been designed by
Director E. W. Martin and retiring
leader T. K. Stark, '11. Hereafter
there will be two leaders of equal
standing who will be elected immedi
ately after the Intercollegiate Foot
ball game for a period of one year.
This will provide the band with an
experienced director at all times.
A. new system of leadership for the
University Band has been designed by
Director E. W. Martin and retiring
leader T. K. Stark, '11. Hereafter
there will be two leaders of equal
standing who will be elected immedi
ately after the Intercollegiate Foot
ball game for a period of one year.
This will provide the band with an
experienced director at all times.
