# The
						Wight House.
## 
### 
The Wight house on Lausen
street has heen sold back to the
University. Mr. Wight goes East
to his old home in Detroit, where
he has business interests. His son,
Otis B. Wight, '98, attends the
Johns Hopkins Medical School.
This is the first house that has
been sold back. It was built nine
years ago, and the lease had one
more year to stand. All houses
were built at that time on lots
leased for ten years, with the un
derstanding that, should the own
ers wish to sell at any time, the
University would take their build
ing back at a certain percentage.
The leases have been lengthened
from ten years to four periods of
ten years each, making the lease
practically forty years.
