# Cercle Meet at Pi Phi House Tonight
## 
### 
Professor Obcrle, president of
French Club, has called the next reg
ular meeting of that organization for
Thursday evening at the Pi I iota Phi
house. The club recently elected
thirty new members and is fast be
coming one of the most popular lang
age clubs on the campus.- An impor
tant. business meeting will be held at
the close of the session and all mem
bers are urged to be present.
Professor Obcrle, president of
French Club, has called the next reg
ular meeting of that organization for
Thursday evening at the Pi I iota Phi
house. The club recently elected
thirty new members and is fast be
coming one of the most popular lang
age clubs on the campus.- An impor
tant. business meeting will be held at
the close of the session and all mem
bers are urged to be present.
Professor Obcrle, president of
French Club, has called the next reg
ular meeting of that organization for
Thursday evening at the Pi I iota Phi
house. The club recently elected
thirty new members and is fast be
coming one of the most popular lang
age clubs on the campus.- An impor
tant. business meeting will be held at
the close of the session and all mem
bers are urged to be present.
Professor Obcrle, president of
French Club, has called the next reg
ular meeting of that organization for
Thursday evening at the Pi I iota Phi
house. The club recently elected
thirty new members and is fast be
coming one of the most popular lang
age clubs on the campus.- An impor
tant. business meeting will be held at
the close of the session and all mem
bers are urged to be present.
Professor Obcrle, president of
French Club, has called the next reg
ular meeting of that organization for
Thursday evening at the Pi I iota Phi
house. The club recently elected
thirty new members and is fast be
coming one of the most popular lang
age clubs on the campus.- An impor
tant. business meeting will be held at
the close of the session and all mem
bers are urged to be present.
Professor Obcrle, president of
French Club, has called the next reg
ular meeting of that organization for
Thursday evening at the Pi I iota Phi
house. The club recently elected
thirty new members and is fast be
coming one of the most popular lang
age clubs on the campus.- An impor
tant. business meeting will be held at
the close of the session and all mem
bers are urged to be present.
Professor Obcrle, president of
French Club, has called the next reg
ular meeting of that organization for
Thursday evening at the Pi I iota Phi
house. The club recently elected
thirty new members and is fast be
coming one of the most popular lang
age clubs on the campus.- An impor
tant. business meeting will be held at
the close of the session and all mem
bers are urged to be present.
Professor Obcrle, president of
French Club, has called the next reg
ular meeting of that organization for
Thursday evening at the Pi I iota Phi
house. The club recently elected
thirty new members and is fast be
coming one of the most popular lang
age clubs on the campus.- An impor
tant. business meeting will be held at
the close of the session and all mem
bers are urged to be present.
Professor Obcrle, president of
French Club, has called the next reg
ular meeting of that organization for
Thursday evening at the Pi I iota Phi
house. The club recently elected
thirty new members and is fast be
coming one of the most popular lang
age clubs on the campus.- An impor
tant. business meeting will be held at
the close of the session and all mem
bers are urged to be present.
Professor Obcrle, president of
French Club, has called the next reg
ular meeting of that organization for
Thursday evening at the Pi I iota Phi
house. The club recently elected
thirty new members and is fast be
coming one of the most popular lang
age clubs on the campus.- An impor
tant. business meeting will be held at
the close of the session and all mem
bers are urged to be present.
Professor Obcrle, president of
French Club, has called the next reg
ular meeting of that organization for
Thursday evening at the Pi I iota Phi
house. The club recently elected
thirty new members and is fast be
coming one of the most popular lang
age clubs on the campus.- An impor
tant. business meeting will be held at
the close of the session and all mem
bers are urged to be present.
Professor Obcrle, president of
French Club, has called the next reg
ular meeting of that organization for
Thursday evening at the Pi I iota Phi
house. The club recently elected
thirty new members and is fast be
coming one of the most popular lang
age clubs on the campus.- An impor
tant. business meeting will be held at
the close of the session and all mem
bers are urged to be present.
Professor Obcrle, president of
French Club, has called the next reg
ular meeting of that organization for
Thursday evening at the Pi I iota Phi
house. The club recently elected
thirty new members and is fast be
coming one of the most popular lang
age clubs on the campus.- An impor
tant. business meeting will be held at
the close of the session and all mem
bers are urged to be present.
Professor Obcrle, president of
French Club, has called the next reg
ular meeting of that organization for
Thursday evening at the Pi I iota Phi
house. The club recently elected
thirty new members and is fast be
coming one of the most popular lang
age clubs on the campus.- An impor
tant. business meeting will be held at
the close of the session and all mem
bers are urged to be present.
Professor Obcrle, president of
French Club, has called the next reg
ular meeting of that organization for
Thursday evening at the Pi I iota Phi
house. The club recently elected
thirty new members and is fast be
coming one of the most popular lang
age clubs on the campus.- An impor
tant. business meeting will be held at
the close of the session and all mem
bers are urged to be present.
