# Hammer and Coffin Initiates Bulkeley
## 
### 
M. li. Bulkeley, 20, was initiated
into Hammer and CofTin society last
night at the regular meeting of that
organization. Hulkeley is the busi
ness manager of the Chaparral this
year and belongs to Alpha Delta Phi.
M. li. Bulkeley, 20, was initiated
into Hammer and CofTin society last
night at the regular meeting of that
organization. Hulkeley is the busi
ness manager of the Chaparral this
year and belongs to Alpha Delta Phi.
M. li. Bulkeley, 20, was initiated
into Hammer and CofTin society last
night at the regular meeting of that
organization. Hulkeley is the busi
ness manager of the Chaparral this
year and belongs to Alpha Delta Phi.
M. li. Bulkeley, 20, was initiated
into Hammer and CofTin society last
night at the regular meeting of that
organization. Hulkeley is the busi
ness manager of the Chaparral this
year and belongs to Alpha Delta Phi.
M. li. Bulkeley, 20, was initiated
into Hammer and CofTin society last
night at the regular meeting of that
organization. Hulkeley is the busi
ness manager of the Chaparral this
year and belongs to Alpha Delta Phi.
M. li. Bulkeley, 20, was initiated
into Hammer and CofTin society last
night at the regular meeting of that
organization. Hulkeley is the busi
ness manager of the Chaparral this
year and belongs to Alpha Delta Phi.
M. li. Bulkeley, 20, was initiated
into Hammer and CofTin society last
night at the regular meeting of that
organization. Hulkeley is the busi
ness manager of the Chaparral this
year and belongs to Alpha Delta Phi.
M. li. Bulkeley, 20, was initiated
into Hammer and CofTin society last
night at the regular meeting of that
organization. Hulkeley is the busi
ness manager of the Chaparral this
year and belongs to Alpha Delta Phi.
M. li. Bulkeley, 20, was initiated
into Hammer and CofTin society last
night at the regular meeting of that
organization. Hulkeley is the busi
ness manager of the Chaparral this
year and belongs to Alpha Delta Phi.
M. li. Bulkeley, 20, was initiated
into Hammer and CofTin society last
night at the regular meeting of that
organization. Hulkeley is the busi
ness manager of the Chaparral this
year and belongs to Alpha Delta Phi.
M. li. Bulkeley, 20, was initiated
into Hammer and CofTin society last
night at the regular meeting of that
organization. Hulkeley is the busi
ness manager of the Chaparral this
year and belongs to Alpha Delta Phi.
M. li. Bulkeley, 20, was initiated
into Hammer and CofTin society last
night at the regular meeting of that
organization. Hulkeley is the busi
ness manager of the Chaparral this
year and belongs to Alpha Delta Phi.
M. li. Bulkeley, 20, was initiated
into Hammer and CofTin society last
night at the regular meeting of that
organization. Hulkeley is the busi
ness manager of the Chaparral this
year and belongs to Alpha Delta Phi.
M. li. Bulkeley, 20, was initiated
into Hammer and CofTin society last
night at the regular meeting of that
organization. Hulkeley is the busi
ness manager of the Chaparral this
year and belongs to Alpha Delta Phi.
M. li. Bulkeley, 20, was initiated
into Hammer and CofTin society last
night at the regular meeting of that
organization. Hulkeley is the busi
ness manager of the Chaparral this
year and belongs to Alpha Delta Phi.
