# WOMEN REVISE ELECTION MODE
## 
### 
Women's Conference met la;st nigiit
and decided to change the method of
electing members of Council, in order
to avoid tbe condition arising wherein
a girl who has a greater number of
votes may not be elected to Council
because her votes were counted only
toward the office which she was des
ignated as running for. Conference
will hereafter name ten girls, from
which list the voters will designate
which they wish for president, vice
president and three Council members,
but every vote received by a girl, no
matter for what office, will count
Women's Conference met la;st nigiit
and decided to change the method of
electing members of Council, in order
to avoid tbe condition arising wherein
a girl who has a greater number of
votes may not be elected to Council
because her votes were counted only
toward the office which she was des
ignated as running for. Conference
will hereafter name ten girls, from
which list the voters will designate
which they wish for president, vice
president and three Council members,
but every vote received by a girl, no
matter for what office, will count
Women's Conference met la;st nigiit
and decided to change the method of
electing members of Council, in order
to avoid tbe condition arising wherein
a girl who has a greater number of
votes may not be elected to Council
because her votes were counted only
toward the office which she was des
ignated as running for. Conference
will hereafter name ten girls, from
which list the voters will designate
which they wish for president, vice
president and three Council members,
but every vote received by a girl, no
matter for what office, will count
Women's Conference met la;st nigiit
and decided to change the method of
electing members of Council, in order
to avoid tbe condition arising wherein
a girl who has a greater number of
votes may not be elected to Council
because her votes were counted only
toward the office which she was des
ignated as running for. Conference
will hereafter name ten girls, from
which list the voters will designate
which they wish for president, vice
president and three Council members,
but every vote received by a girl, no
matter for what office, will count
Women's Conference met la;st nigiit
and decided to change the method of
electing members of Council, in order
to avoid tbe condition arising wherein
a girl who has a greater number of
votes may not be elected to Council
because her votes were counted only
toward the office which she was des
ignated as running for. Conference
will hereafter name ten girls, from
which list the voters will designate
which they wish for president, vice
president and three Council members,
but every vote received by a girl, no
matter for what office, will count
Women's Conference met la;st nigiit
and decided to change the method of
electing members of Council, in order
to avoid tbe condition arising wherein
a girl who has a greater number of
votes may not be elected to Council
because her votes were counted only
toward the office which she was des
ignated as running for. Conference
will hereafter name ten girls, from
which list the voters will designate
which they wish for president, vice
president and three Council members,
but every vote received by a girl, no
matter for what office, will count
Women's Conference met la;st nigiit
and decided to change the method of
electing members of Council, in order
to avoid tbe condition arising wherein
a girl who has a greater number of
votes may not be elected to Council
because her votes were counted only
toward the office which she was des
ignated as running for. Conference
will hereafter name ten girls, from
which list the voters will designate
which they wish for president, vice
president and three Council members,
but every vote received by a girl, no
matter for what office, will count
Women's Conference met la;st nigiit
and decided to change the method of
electing members of Council, in order
to avoid tbe condition arising wherein
a girl who has a greater number of
votes may not be elected to Council
because her votes were counted only
toward the office which she was des
ignated as running for. Conference
will hereafter name ten girls, from
which list the voters will designate
which they wish for president, vice
president and three Council members,
but every vote received by a girl, no
matter for what office, will count
Women's Conference met la;st nigiit
and decided to change the method of
electing members of Council, in order
to avoid tbe condition arising wherein
a girl who has a greater number of
votes may not be elected to Council
because her votes were counted only
toward the office which she was des
ignated as running for. Conference
will hereafter name ten girls, from
which list the voters will designate
which they wish for president, vice
president and three Council members,
but every vote received by a girl, no
matter for what office, will count
Women's Conference met la;st nigiit
and decided to change the method of
electing members of Council, in order
to avoid tbe condition arising wherein
a girl who has a greater number of
votes may not be elected to Council
because her votes were counted only
toward the office which she was des
ignated as running for. Conference
will hereafter name ten girls, from
which list the voters will designate
which they wish for president, vice
president and three Council members,
but every vote received by a girl, no
matter for what office, will count
Women's Conference met la;st nigiit
and decided to change the method of
electing members of Council, in order
to avoid tbe condition arising wherein
a girl who has a greater number of
votes may not be elected to Council
because her votes were counted only
toward the office which she was des
ignated as running for. Conference
will hereafter name ten girls, from
which list the voters will designate
which they wish for president, vice
president and three Council members,
but every vote received by a girl, no
matter for what office, will count
Women's Conference met la;st nigiit
and decided to change the method of
electing members of Council, in order
to avoid tbe condition arising wherein
a girl who has a greater number of
votes may not be elected to Council
because her votes were counted only
toward the office which she was des
ignated as running for. Conference
will hereafter name ten girls, from
which list the voters will designate
which they wish for president, vice
president and three Council members,
but every vote received by a girl, no
matter for what office, will count
Women's Conference met la;st nigiit
and decided to change the method of
electing members of Council, in order
to avoid tbe condition arising wherein
a girl who has a greater number of
votes may not be elected to Council
because her votes were counted only
toward the office which she was des
ignated as running for. Conference
will hereafter name ten girls, from
which list the voters will designate
which they wish for president, vice
president and three Council members,
but every vote received by a girl, no
matter for what office, will count
Women's Conference met la;st nigiit
and decided to change the method of
electing members of Council, in order
to avoid tbe condition arising wherein
a girl who has a greater number of
votes may not be elected to Council
because her votes were counted only
toward the office which she was des
ignated as running for. Conference
will hereafter name ten girls, from
which list the voters will designate
which they wish for president, vice
president and three Council members,
but every vote received by a girl, no
matter for what office, will count
Women's Conference met la;st nigiit
and decided to change the method of
electing members of Council, in order
to avoid tbe condition arising wherein
a girl who has a greater number of
votes may not be elected to Council
because her votes were counted only
toward the office which she was des
ignated as running for. Conference
will hereafter name ten girls, from
which list the voters will designate
which they wish for president, vice
president and three Council members,
but every vote received by a girl, no
matter for what office, will count
