# Adv. 41 Page 6
## 
### 
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
i publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
i publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
i publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
i publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
i publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
i publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
i publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
i publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
i publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
i publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
i publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
i publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
i publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
i publication.
Deadline for classified advertis
ing is 5 p.m. of the day before
i publication.
