# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Patti Hart, '55, to
Milton Johnson. University of Cali
fornia.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Patti Hart, '55, to
Milton Johnson. University of Cali
fornia.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Patti Hart, '55, to
Milton Johnson. University of Cali
fornia.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Patti Hart, '55, to
Milton Johnson. University of Cali
fornia.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Patti Hart, '55, to
Milton Johnson. University of Cali
fornia.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Patti Hart, '55, to
Milton Johnson. University of Cali
fornia.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Patti Hart, '55, to
Milton Johnson. University of Cali
fornia.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Patti Hart, '55, to
Milton Johnson. University of Cali
fornia.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Patti Hart, '55, to
Milton Johnson. University of Cali
fornia.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Patti Hart, '55, to
Milton Johnson. University of Cali
fornia.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Patti Hart, '55, to
Milton Johnson. University of Cali
fornia.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Patti Hart, '55, to
Milton Johnson. University of Cali
fornia.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Patti Hart, '55, to
Milton Johnson. University of Cali
fornia.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Patti Hart, '55, to
Milton Johnson. University of Cali
fornia.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Patti Hart, '55, to
Milton Johnson. University of Cali
fornia.
