# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Stanford Stadium is the largest
collegiate football stadium in the
United States.
Stanford Stadium is the largest
collegiate football stadium in the
United States.
Stanford Stadium is the largest
collegiate football stadium in the
United States.
Stanford Stadium is the largest
collegiate football stadium in the
United States.
Stanford Stadium is the largest
collegiate football stadium in the
United States.
Stanford Stadium is the largest
collegiate football stadium in the
United States.
Stanford Stadium is the largest
collegiate football stadium in the
United States.
Stanford Stadium is the largest
collegiate football stadium in the
United States.
Stanford Stadium is the largest
collegiate football stadium in the
United States.
Stanford Stadium is the largest
collegiate football stadium in the
United States.
Stanford Stadium is the largest
collegiate football stadium in the
United States.
Stanford Stadium is the largest
collegiate football stadium in the
United States.
Stanford Stadium is the largest
collegiate football stadium in the
United States.
Stanford Stadium is the largest
collegiate football stadium in the
United States.
Stanford Stadium is the largest
collegiate football stadium in the
United States.
