# Social Chairmen Will Meet Today
## 
### 
Social chairmen from all campus
living groups and organizations will
meet in the Nitery this afternoon
at 4:30 to discuss ideas and plans
for this quarter's social calendar.
ASSU Vice President Guyla Run
yan said the group would also elect
a social committee secretary and
hear a report on the committee's
activities in recent weeks.
Suggestions for revisions, im
provements, or additions to spring
quarter's social events will be en
couraged from individual chairmen,
Miss Runyan said. A tentative cal
endar of planned events for the
quarter will be distributed to" all
students attending the meeting.
Students interested in sitting in
on the meeting are welcome to at
tend and offer suggestions.
