# PALO ALTO FIRE ENDANGERS LIVES AS GAS EXPLODES
## 
### 
Damage estimated at $75,000
was caused last evening by a
fire in the Palo Alto City Cor
poration building on the high
way, adjoining the Federal
Telegraph Building, and Ihe
lives of 300 spectators were
periled by exploding gasoline
tanks.
Fire Chief Wm. Clemo de
clared that the equipment and
materials of four city depart
ments were destroyed, and that
half the building was con
sumed. Partial insurance was
carried on the building, Clemo
said.
Cause of the flames was ten
tatively determined as faulty
wiring. A tank containing 1500
gallons of gasoline and a dozen
acetylene tanks were endan
gered, but the flames were ex
tinguished before they reached
ihe inflammable materials.
The principal damage con
sisted of trucks, the gasoline
tanks of which exploded.
Damage estimated at $75,000
was caused last evening by a
fire in the Palo Alto City Cor
poration building on the high
way, adjoining the Federal
Telegraph Building, and Ihe
lives of 300 spectators were
periled by exploding gasoline
tanks.
Fire Chief Wm. Clemo de
clared that the equipment and
materials of four city depart
ments were destroyed, and that
half the building was con
sumed. Partial insurance was
carried on the building, Clemo
said.
Cause of the flames was ten
tatively determined as faulty
wiring. A tank containing 1500
gallons of gasoline and a dozen
acetylene tanks were endan
gered, but the flames were ex
tinguished before they reached
ihe inflammable materials.
The principal damage con
sisted of trucks, the gasoline
tanks of which exploded.
Damage estimated at $75,000
was caused last evening by a
fire in the Palo Alto City Cor
poration building on the high
way, adjoining the Federal
Telegraph Building, and Ihe
lives of 300 spectators were
periled by exploding gasoline
tanks.
Fire Chief Wm. Clemo de
clared that the equipment and
materials of four city depart
ments were destroyed, and that
half the building was con
sumed. Partial insurance was
carried on the building, Clemo
said.
Cause of the flames was ten
tatively determined as faulty
wiring. A tank containing 1500
gallons of gasoline and a dozen
acetylene tanks were endan
gered, but the flames were ex
tinguished before they reached
ihe inflammable materials.
The principal damage con
sisted of trucks, the gasoline
tanks of which exploded.
Damage estimated at $75,000
was caused last evening by a
fire in the Palo Alto City Cor
poration building on the high
way, adjoining the Federal
Telegraph Building, and Ihe
lives of 300 spectators were
periled by exploding gasoline
tanks.
Fire Chief Wm. Clemo de
clared that the equipment and
materials of four city depart
ments were destroyed, and that
half the building was con
sumed. Partial insurance was
carried on the building, Clemo
said.
Cause of the flames was ten
tatively determined as faulty
wiring. A tank containing 1500
gallons of gasoline and a dozen
acetylene tanks were endan
gered, but the flames were ex
tinguished before they reached
ihe inflammable materials.
The principal damage con
sisted of trucks, the gasoline
tanks of which exploded.
Damage estimated at $75,000
was caused last evening by a
fire in the Palo Alto City Cor
poration building on the high
way, adjoining the Federal
Telegraph Building, and Ihe
lives of 300 spectators were
periled by exploding gasoline
tanks.
Fire Chief Wm. Clemo de
clared that the equipment and
materials of four city depart
ments were destroyed, and that
half the building was con
sumed. Partial insurance was
carried on the building, Clemo
said.
Cause of the flames was ten
tatively determined as faulty
wiring. A tank containing 1500
gallons of gasoline and a dozen
acetylene tanks were endan
gered, but the flames were ex
tinguished before they reached
ihe inflammable materials.
The principal damage con
sisted of trucks, the gasoline
tanks of which exploded.
Damage estimated at $75,000
was caused last evening by a
fire in the Palo Alto City Cor
poration building on the high
way, adjoining the Federal
Telegraph Building, and Ihe
lives of 300 spectators were
periled by exploding gasoline
tanks.
Fire Chief Wm. Clemo de
clared that the equipment and
materials of four city depart
ments were destroyed, and that
half the building was con
sumed. Partial insurance was
carried on the building, Clemo
said.
Cause of the flames was ten
tatively determined as faulty
wiring. A tank containing 1500
gallons of gasoline and a dozen
acetylene tanks were endan
gered, but the flames were ex
tinguished before they reached
ihe inflammable materials.
The principal damage con
sisted of trucks, the gasoline
tanks of which exploded.
Damage estimated at $75,000
was caused last evening by a
fire in the Palo Alto City Cor
poration building on the high
way, adjoining the Federal
Telegraph Building, and Ihe
lives of 300 spectators were
periled by exploding gasoline
tanks.
Fire Chief Wm. Clemo de
clared that the equipment and
materials of four city depart
ments were destroyed, and that
half the building was con
sumed. Partial insurance was
carried on the building, Clemo
said.
Cause of the flames was ten
tatively determined as faulty
wiring. A tank containing 1500
gallons of gasoline and a dozen
acetylene tanks were endan
gered, but the flames were ex
tinguished before they reached
ihe inflammable materials.
The principal damage con
sisted of trucks, the gasoline
tanks of which exploded.
Damage estimated at $75,000
was caused last evening by a
fire in the Palo Alto City Cor
poration building on the high
way, adjoining the Federal
Telegraph Building, and Ihe
lives of 300 spectators were
periled by exploding gasoline
tanks.
Fire Chief Wm. Clemo de
clared that the equipment and
materials of four city depart
ments were destroyed, and that
half the building was con
sumed. Partial insurance was
carried on the building, Clemo
said.
Cause of the flames was ten
tatively determined as faulty
wiring. A tank containing 1500
gallons of gasoline and a dozen
acetylene tanks were endan
gered, but the flames were ex
tinguished before they reached
ihe inflammable materials.
The principal damage con
sisted of trucks, the gasoline
tanks of which exploded.
Damage estimated at $75,000
was caused last evening by a
fire in the Palo Alto City Cor
poration building on the high
way, adjoining the Federal
Telegraph Building, and Ihe
lives of 300 spectators were
periled by exploding gasoline
tanks.
Fire Chief Wm. Clemo de
clared that the equipment and
materials of four city depart
ments were destroyed, and that
half the building was con
sumed. Partial insurance was
carried on the building, Clemo
said.
Cause of the flames was ten
tatively determined as faulty
wiring. A tank containing 1500
gallons of gasoline and a dozen
acetylene tanks were endan
gered, but the flames were ex
tinguished before they reached
ihe inflammable materials.
The principal damage con
sisted of trucks, the gasoline
tanks of which exploded.
Damage estimated at $75,000
was caused last evening by a
fire in the Palo Alto City Cor
poration building on the high
way, adjoining the Federal
Telegraph Building, and Ihe
lives of 300 spectators were
periled by exploding gasoline
tanks.
Fire Chief Wm. Clemo de
clared that the equipment and
materials of four city depart
ments were destroyed, and that
half the building was con
sumed. Partial insurance was
carried on the building, Clemo
said.
Cause of the flames was ten
tatively determined as faulty
wiring. A tank containing 1500
gallons of gasoline and a dozen
acetylene tanks were endan
gered, but the flames were ex
tinguished before they reached
ihe inflammable materials.
The principal damage con
sisted of trucks, the gasoline
tanks of which exploded.
Damage estimated at $75,000
was caused last evening by a
fire in the Palo Alto City Cor
poration building on the high
way, adjoining the Federal
Telegraph Building, and Ihe
lives of 300 spectators were
periled by exploding gasoline
tanks.
Fire Chief Wm. Clemo de
clared that the equipment and
materials of four city depart
ments were destroyed, and that
half the building was con
sumed. Partial insurance was
carried on the building, Clemo
said.
Cause of the flames was ten
tatively determined as faulty
wiring. A tank containing 1500
gallons of gasoline and a dozen
acetylene tanks were endan
gered, but the flames were ex
tinguished before they reached
ihe inflammable materials.
The principal damage con
sisted of trucks, the gasoline
tanks of which exploded.
Damage estimated at $75,000
was caused last evening by a
fire in the Palo Alto City Cor
poration building on the high
way, adjoining the Federal
Telegraph Building, and Ihe
lives of 300 spectators were
periled by exploding gasoline
tanks.
Fire Chief Wm. Clemo de
clared that the equipment and
materials of four city depart
ments were destroyed, and that
half the building was con
sumed. Partial insurance was
carried on the building, Clemo
said.
Cause of the flames was ten
tatively determined as faulty
wiring. A tank containing 1500
gallons of gasoline and a dozen
acetylene tanks were endan
gered, but the flames were ex
tinguished before they reached
ihe inflammable materials.
The principal damage con
sisted of trucks, the gasoline
tanks of which exploded.
Damage estimated at $75,000
was caused last evening by a
fire in the Palo Alto City Cor
poration building on the high
way, adjoining the Federal
Telegraph Building, and Ihe
lives of 300 spectators were
periled by exploding gasoline
tanks.
Fire Chief Wm. Clemo de
clared that the equipment and
materials of four city depart
ments were destroyed, and that
half the building was con
sumed. Partial insurance was
carried on the building, Clemo
said.
Cause of the flames was ten
tatively determined as faulty
wiring. A tank containing 1500
gallons of gasoline and a dozen
acetylene tanks were endan
gered, but the flames were ex
tinguished before they reached
ihe inflammable materials.
The principal damage con
sisted of trucks, the gasoline
tanks of which exploded.
Damage estimated at $75,000
was caused last evening by a
fire in the Palo Alto City Cor
poration building on the high
way, adjoining the Federal
Telegraph Building, and Ihe
lives of 300 spectators were
periled by exploding gasoline
tanks.
Fire Chief Wm. Clemo de
clared that the equipment and
materials of four city depart
ments were destroyed, and that
half the building was con
sumed. Partial insurance was
carried on the building, Clemo
said.
Cause of the flames was ten
tatively determined as faulty
wiring. A tank containing 1500
gallons of gasoline and a dozen
acetylene tanks were endan
gered, but the flames were ex
tinguished before they reached
ihe inflammable materials.
The principal damage con
sisted of trucks, the gasoline
tanks of which exploded.
