# Estes Says Nixon To Be GOP Power
## 
### 
JAMESTOWN. N. D., Sept. 24
(UP)â€”Sen. Estes Kefauver said
tonight that Vice President Rich
ard M. Nixon will be "the real
power" in the new Administration
if the GOP presidential ticket
wins.
Kefauver, the Democratic vice
presidential candidate, called
Nixon "the darling of the reac
tionaries." He said Nixon and
not President Eisenhower "is the
man of the future in the Repub
lican party."
Kefauver noted that a constitu
tional amendment prevents Mr.
Eisenhower from running for re
election again.
"It is Nixon who will therefore
be the real power in a new Eisen
hower-Nixon Administration," Ke
fauver said in a speech prepared
for delivery at a state-wide Demo
cratic rally here.
The Tennesseean charged it was
fear of losing the farm belt vote
that led the Administration to
raise price supports and sponsor
the soil bank plan this year.
