# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Men's It<>st Home—John Bron
zan.
Women's Rest. Home—Marian
Munroe.
Men's It<>st Home—John Bron
zan.
Women's Rest. Home—Marian
Munroe.
Men's It<>st Home—John Bron
zan.
Women's Rest. Home—Marian
Munroe.
Men's It<>st Home—John Bron
zan.
Women's Rest. Home—Marian
Munroe.
Men's It<>st Home—John Bron
zan.
Women's Rest. Home—Marian
Munroe.
Men's It<>st Home—John Bron
zan.
Women's Rest. Home—Marian
Munroe.
Men's It<>st Home—John Bron
zan.
Women's Rest. Home—Marian
Munroe.
Men's It<>st Home—John Bron
zan.
Women's Rest. Home—Marian
Munroe.
Men's It<>st Home—John Bron
zan.
Women's Rest. Home—Marian
Munroe.
Men's It<>st Home—John Bron
zan.
Women's Rest. Home—Marian
Munroe.
Men's It<>st Home—John Bron
zan.
Women's Rest. Home—Marian
Munroe.
Men's It<>st Home—John Bron
zan.
Women's Rest. Home—Marian
Munroe.
Men's It<>st Home—John Bron
zan.
Women's Rest. Home—Marian
Munroe.
Men's It<>st Home—John Bron
zan.
Women's Rest. Home—Marian
Munroe.
Men's It<>st Home—John Bron
zan.
Women's Rest. Home—Marian
Munroe.
