# EARLY POST OFFICE
## 
### 
In May 1893 a post office was
established at Stanford and
housed in a small wooden build
ing on the site where Memorial
Church now stands.
In May 1893 a post office was
established at Stanford and
housed in a small wooden build
ing on the site where Memorial
Church now stands.
In May 1893 a post office was
established at Stanford and
housed in a small wooden build
ing on the site where Memorial
Church now stands.
In May 1893 a post office was
established at Stanford and
housed in a small wooden build
ing on the site where Memorial
Church now stands.
In May 1893 a post office was
established at Stanford and
housed in a small wooden build
ing on the site where Memorial
Church now stands.
In May 1893 a post office was
established at Stanford and
housed in a small wooden build
ing on the site where Memorial
Church now stands.
In May 1893 a post office was
established at Stanford and
housed in a small wooden build
ing on the site where Memorial
Church now stands.
In May 1893 a post office was
established at Stanford and
housed in a small wooden build
ing on the site where Memorial
Church now stands.
In May 1893 a post office was
established at Stanford and
housed in a small wooden build
ing on the site where Memorial
Church now stands.
In May 1893 a post office was
established at Stanford and
housed in a small wooden build
ing on the site where Memorial
Church now stands.
In May 1893 a post office was
established at Stanford and
housed in a small wooden build
ing on the site where Memorial
Church now stands.
In May 1893 a post office was
established at Stanford and
housed in a small wooden build
ing on the site where Memorial
Church now stands.
In May 1893 a post office was
established at Stanford and
housed in a small wooden build
ing on the site where Memorial
Church now stands.
In May 1893 a post office was
established at Stanford and
housed in a small wooden build
ing on the site where Memorial
Church now stands.
In May 1893 a post office was
established at Stanford and
housed in a small wooden build
ing on the site where Memorial
Church now stands.
