# Appointed Translator for Embassy
## 
### 
Y. Kultukit.it, '04, has been ap
pointed translator for the United
States Legation at Tokio. Fuku
i<ita Wiis a member of the English
Club while in Stanford. After
graduation he was appointed copy
ist. for the work on the Chaucer

dictionary, mid hist year received
the Harvard school-ship, given hy
the Harvard Club of San Fran-
Icisco.
Y. Kultukit.it, '04, has been ap
pointed translator for the United
States Legation at Tokio. Fuku
i<ita Wiis a member of the English
Club while in Stanford. After
graduation he was appointed copy
ist. for the work on the Chaucer

dictionary, mid hist year received
the Harvard school-ship, given hy
the Harvard Club of San Fran-
Icisco.
Y. Kultukit.it, '04, has been ap
pointed translator for the United
States Legation at Tokio. Fuku
i<ita Wiis a member of the English
Club while in Stanford. After
graduation he was appointed copy
ist. for the work on the Chaucer

dictionary, mid hist year received
the Harvard school-ship, given hy
the Harvard Club of San Fran-
Icisco.
Y. Kultukit.it, '04, has been ap
pointed translator for the United
States Legation at Tokio. Fuku
i<ita Wiis a member of the English
Club while in Stanford. After
graduation he was appointed copy
ist. for the work on the Chaucer

dictionary, mid hist year received
the Harvard school-ship, given hy
the Harvard Club of San Fran-
Icisco.
Y. Kultukit.it, '04, has been ap
pointed translator for the United
States Legation at Tokio. Fuku
i<ita Wiis a member of the English
Club while in Stanford. After
graduation he was appointed copy
ist. for the work on the Chaucer

dictionary, mid hist year received
the Harvard school-ship, given hy
the Harvard Club of San Fran-
Icisco.
Y. Kultukit.it, '04, has been ap
pointed translator for the United
States Legation at Tokio. Fuku
i<ita Wiis a member of the English
Club while in Stanford. After
graduation he was appointed copy
ist. for the work on the Chaucer

dictionary, mid hist year received
the Harvard school-ship, given hy
the Harvard Club of San Fran-
Icisco.
Y. Kultukit.it, '04, has been ap
pointed translator for the United
States Legation at Tokio. Fuku
i<ita Wiis a member of the English
Club while in Stanford. After
graduation he was appointed copy
ist. for the work on the Chaucer

dictionary, mid hist year received
the Harvard school-ship, given hy
the Harvard Club of San Fran-
Icisco.
Y. Kultukit.it, '04, has been ap
pointed translator for the United
States Legation at Tokio. Fuku
i<ita Wiis a member of the English
Club while in Stanford. After
graduation he was appointed copy
ist. for the work on the Chaucer

dictionary, mid hist year received
the Harvard school-ship, given hy
the Harvard Club of San Fran-
Icisco.
Y. Kultukit.it, '04, has been ap
pointed translator for the United
States Legation at Tokio. Fuku
i<ita Wiis a member of the English
Club while in Stanford. After
graduation he was appointed copy
ist. for the work on the Chaucer

dictionary, mid hist year received
the Harvard school-ship, given hy
the Harvard Club of San Fran-
Icisco.
