# WILL ADMIT AUTOMOBILES.
## University Authorities Will Suspend Rule on Day of Varsity Game. 
### 
11l pursuance of the plan to bring
as many people as possible to the
campus on November 11th, the
University authorities have decided
to suspend the rule which prohibits
automobiles from entering the Uni
versity, on that day. The removal
of this prohibition does not mean
that cars will be allowed on all of
the campus roads. University
rvenue will remain closed, and the
entrance to the campus for auto
mobiles will be made by the Em
barcadero road, which branches off
from the county road about a quar
ter of a mile below the main en
trance.
Following this road the automo
biles will be permitted to run up as
far as the Faculty Club-house, be
yond which none of these will be
permitted to pass. Two garage
keepers from Palo Alto will be at
the Club House to take charge of
the machines and see that they are
kept in order.
11l pursuance of the plan to bring
as many people as possible to the
campus on November 11th, the
University authorities have decided
to suspend the rule which prohibits
automobiles from entering the Uni
versity, on that day. The removal
of this prohibition does not mean
that cars will be allowed on all of
the campus roads. University
rvenue will remain closed, and the
entrance to the campus for auto
mobiles will be made by the Em
barcadero road, which branches off
from the county road about a quar
ter of a mile below the main en
trance.
Following this road the automo
biles will be permitted to run up as
far as the Faculty Club-house, be
yond which none of these will be
permitted to pass. Two garage
keepers from Palo Alto will be at
the Club House to take charge of
the machines and see that they are
kept in order.
11l pursuance of the plan to bring
as many people as possible to the
campus on November 11th, the
University authorities have decided
to suspend the rule which prohibits
automobiles from entering the Uni
versity, on that day. The removal
of this prohibition does not mean
that cars will be allowed on all of
the campus roads. University
rvenue will remain closed, and the
entrance to the campus for auto
mobiles will be made by the Em
barcadero road, which branches off
from the county road about a quar
ter of a mile below the main en
trance.
Following this road the automo
biles will be permitted to run up as
far as the Faculty Club-house, be
yond which none of these will be
permitted to pass. Two garage
keepers from Palo Alto will be at
the Club House to take charge of
the machines and see that they are
kept in order.
11l pursuance of the plan to bring
as many people as possible to the
campus on November 11th, the
University authorities have decided
to suspend the rule which prohibits
automobiles from entering the Uni
versity, on that day. The removal
of this prohibition does not mean
that cars will be allowed on all of
the campus roads. University
rvenue will remain closed, and the
entrance to the campus for auto
mobiles will be made by the Em
barcadero road, which branches off
from the county road about a quar
ter of a mile below the main en
trance.
Following this road the automo
biles will be permitted to run up as
far as the Faculty Club-house, be
yond which none of these will be
permitted to pass. Two garage
keepers from Palo Alto will be at
the Club House to take charge of
the machines and see that they are
kept in order.
11l pursuance of the plan to bring
as many people as possible to the
campus on November 11th, the
University authorities have decided
to suspend the rule which prohibits
automobiles from entering the Uni
versity, on that day. The removal
of this prohibition does not mean
that cars will be allowed on all of
the campus roads. University
rvenue will remain closed, and the
entrance to the campus for auto
mobiles will be made by the Em
barcadero road, which branches off
from the county road about a quar
ter of a mile below the main en
trance.
Following this road the automo
biles will be permitted to run up as
far as the Faculty Club-house, be
yond which none of these will be
permitted to pass. Two garage
keepers from Palo Alto will be at
the Club House to take charge of
the machines and see that they are
kept in order.
11l pursuance of the plan to bring
as many people as possible to the
campus on November 11th, the
University authorities have decided
to suspend the rule which prohibits
automobiles from entering the Uni
versity, on that day. The removal
of this prohibition does not mean
that cars will be allowed on all of
the campus roads. University
rvenue will remain closed, and the
entrance to the campus for auto
mobiles will be made by the Em
barcadero road, which branches off
from the county road about a quar
ter of a mile below the main en
trance.
Following this road the automo
biles will be permitted to run up as
far as the Faculty Club-house, be
yond which none of these will be
permitted to pass. Two garage
keepers from Palo Alto will be at
the Club House to take charge of
the machines and see that they are
kept in order.
11l pursuance of the plan to bring
as many people as possible to the
campus on November 11th, the
University authorities have decided
to suspend the rule which prohibits
automobiles from entering the Uni
versity, on that day. The removal
of this prohibition does not mean
that cars will be allowed on all of
the campus roads. University
rvenue will remain closed, and the
entrance to the campus for auto
mobiles will be made by the Em
barcadero road, which branches off
from the county road about a quar
ter of a mile below the main en
trance.
Following this road the automo
biles will be permitted to run up as
far as the Faculty Club-house, be
yond which none of these will be
permitted to pass. Two garage
keepers from Palo Alto will be at
the Club House to take charge of
the machines and see that they are
kept in order.
11l pursuance of the plan to bring
as many people as possible to the
campus on November 11th, the
University authorities have decided
to suspend the rule which prohibits
automobiles from entering the Uni
versity, on that day. The removal
of this prohibition does not mean
that cars will be allowed on all of
the campus roads. University
rvenue will remain closed, and the
entrance to the campus for auto
mobiles will be made by the Em
barcadero road, which branches off
from the county road about a quar
ter of a mile below the main en
trance.
Following this road the automo
biles will be permitted to run up as
far as the Faculty Club-house, be
yond which none of these will be
permitted to pass. Two garage
keepers from Palo Alto will be at
the Club House to take charge of
the machines and see that they are
kept in order.
11l pursuance of the plan to bring
as many people as possible to the
campus on November 11th, the
University authorities have decided
to suspend the rule which prohibits
automobiles from entering the Uni
versity, on that day. The removal
of this prohibition does not mean
that cars will be allowed on all of
the campus roads. University
rvenue will remain closed, and the
entrance to the campus for auto
mobiles will be made by the Em
barcadero road, which branches off
from the county road about a quar
ter of a mile below the main en
trance.
Following this road the automo
biles will be permitted to run up as
far as the Faculty Club-house, be
yond which none of these will be
permitted to pass. Two garage
keepers from Palo Alto will be at
the Club House to take charge of
the machines and see that they are
kept in order.
