# Hedley to Discuss Workers' School
## 
### 
Stanford students interested in at
tending this summer's month-long
session of the Pacific Coast School
for Workers in Berkeley are asked
to attend a meeting Sunday from 3
to 4:30 o'clock in the basement of
the Women's Clubhouse.
Dr. George Hedley, director of the
school, will discuss the session,
which was attended by four Stan
ford students last year. Professor
William S. Hopkins of Stanford was
a lecturer there last summer.
Persons unable to attend the con
ference Sunday are asked to call
Sue Hyman at Lagunita for infor
mation regarding the school's session
(June 29 to July 27) or the $60
scholarship available for some stu
dent who otherwise would be un
able to attend.
