# Band Leader
## 
### 

ART McCUE, Gaieties orchestra
leader, will conduct the band at
tonight's annual Spring Show, "I'm
a Stranglcr Here Myself."

ART McCUE, Gaieties orchestra
leader, will conduct the band at
tonight's annual Spring Show, "I'm
a Stranglcr Here Myself."

ART McCUE, Gaieties orchestra
leader, will conduct the band at
tonight's annual Spring Show, "I'm
a Stranglcr Here Myself."

ART McCUE, Gaieties orchestra
leader, will conduct the band at
tonight's annual Spring Show, "I'm
a Stranglcr Here Myself."

ART McCUE, Gaieties orchestra
leader, will conduct the band at
tonight's annual Spring Show, "I'm
a Stranglcr Here Myself."

ART McCUE, Gaieties orchestra
leader, will conduct the band at
tonight's annual Spring Show, "I'm
a Stranglcr Here Myself."

ART McCUE, Gaieties orchestra
leader, will conduct the band at
tonight's annual Spring Show, "I'm
a Stranglcr Here Myself."

ART McCUE, Gaieties orchestra
leader, will conduct the band at
tonight's annual Spring Show, "I'm
a Stranglcr Here Myself."

ART McCUE, Gaieties orchestra
leader, will conduct the band at
tonight's annual Spring Show, "I'm
a Stranglcr Here Myself."

ART McCUE, Gaieties orchestra
leader, will conduct the band at
tonight's annual Spring Show, "I'm
a Stranglcr Here Myself."

ART McCUE, Gaieties orchestra
leader, will conduct the band at
tonight's annual Spring Show, "I'm
a Stranglcr Here Myself."

ART McCUE, Gaieties orchestra
leader, will conduct the band at
tonight's annual Spring Show, "I'm
a Stranglcr Here Myself."

ART McCUE, Gaieties orchestra
leader, will conduct the band at
tonight's annual Spring Show, "I'm
a Stranglcr Here Myself."

ART McCUE, Gaieties orchestra
leader, will conduct the band at
tonight's annual Spring Show, "I'm
a Stranglcr Here Myself."

ART McCUE, Gaieties orchestra
leader, will conduct the band at
tonight's annual Spring Show, "I'm
a Stranglcr Here Myself."

ART McCUE, Gaieties orchestra
leader, will conduct the band at
tonight's annual Spring Show, "I'm
a Stranglcr Here Myself."

ART McCUE, Gaieties orchestra
leader, will conduct the band at
tonight's annual Spring Show, "I'm
a Stranglcr Here Myself."
