# SAN JOSE STATE BRASS CHOIR
## 
### 

UNDER 7'IIE SPONSORSHIP of the Division of Music the first of two concerts by visiting musical organi
zations will take place Sunday night, at 8:!H) o'clock in the Education Auditorium. Shown here is the first
guest group, the Brass Choir from San Jose State College. The choir is directed by Maurice Faulkner.

UNDER 7'IIE SPONSORSHIP of the Division of Music the first of two concerts by visiting musical organi
zations will take place Sunday night, at 8:!H) o'clock in the Education Auditorium. Shown here is the first
guest group, the Brass Choir from San Jose State College. The choir is directed by Maurice Faulkner.

UNDER 7'IIE SPONSORSHIP of the Division of Music the first of two concerts by visiting musical organi
zations will take place Sunday night, at 8:!H) o'clock in the Education Auditorium. Shown here is the first
guest group, the Brass Choir from San Jose State College. The choir is directed by Maurice Faulkner.

UNDER 7'IIE SPONSORSHIP of the Division of Music the first of two concerts by visiting musical organi
zations will take place Sunday night, at 8:!H) o'clock in the Education Auditorium. Shown here is the first
guest group, the Brass Choir from San Jose State College. The choir is directed by Maurice Faulkner.

UNDER 7'IIE SPONSORSHIP of the Division of Music the first of two concerts by visiting musical organi
zations will take place Sunday night, at 8:!H) o'clock in the Education Auditorium. Shown here is the first
guest group, the Brass Choir from San Jose State College. The choir is directed by Maurice Faulkner.

UNDER 7'IIE SPONSORSHIP of the Division of Music the first of two concerts by visiting musical organi
zations will take place Sunday night, at 8:!H) o'clock in the Education Auditorium. Shown here is the first
guest group, the Brass Choir from San Jose State College. The choir is directed by Maurice Faulkner.

UNDER 7'IIE SPONSORSHIP of the Division of Music the first of two concerts by visiting musical organi
zations will take place Sunday night, at 8:!H) o'clock in the Education Auditorium. Shown here is the first
guest group, the Brass Choir from San Jose State College. The choir is directed by Maurice Faulkner.

UNDER 7'IIE SPONSORSHIP of the Division of Music the first of two concerts by visiting musical organi
zations will take place Sunday night, at 8:!H) o'clock in the Education Auditorium. Shown here is the first
guest group, the Brass Choir from San Jose State College. The choir is directed by Maurice Faulkner.

UNDER 7'IIE SPONSORSHIP of the Division of Music the first of two concerts by visiting musical organi
zations will take place Sunday night, at 8:!H) o'clock in the Education Auditorium. Shown here is the first
guest group, the Brass Choir from San Jose State College. The choir is directed by Maurice Faulkner.

UNDER 7'IIE SPONSORSHIP of the Division of Music the first of two concerts by visiting musical organi
zations will take place Sunday night, at 8:!H) o'clock in the Education Auditorium. Shown here is the first
guest group, the Brass Choir from San Jose State College. The choir is directed by Maurice Faulkner.

UNDER 7'IIE SPONSORSHIP of the Division of Music the first of two concerts by visiting musical organi
zations will take place Sunday night, at 8:!H) o'clock in the Education Auditorium. Shown here is the first
guest group, the Brass Choir from San Jose State College. The choir is directed by Maurice Faulkner.

UNDER 7'IIE SPONSORSHIP of the Division of Music the first of two concerts by visiting musical organi
zations will take place Sunday night, at 8:!H) o'clock in the Education Auditorium. Shown here is the first
guest group, the Brass Choir from San Jose State College. The choir is directed by Maurice Faulkner.

UNDER 7'IIE SPONSORSHIP of the Division of Music the first of two concerts by visiting musical organi
zations will take place Sunday night, at 8:!H) o'clock in the Education Auditorium. Shown here is the first
guest group, the Brass Choir from San Jose State College. The choir is directed by Maurice Faulkner.

UNDER 7'IIE SPONSORSHIP of the Division of Music the first of two concerts by visiting musical organi
zations will take place Sunday night, at 8:!H) o'clock in the Education Auditorium. Shown here is the first
guest group, the Brass Choir from San Jose State College. The choir is directed by Maurice Faulkner.

UNDER 7'IIE SPONSORSHIP of the Division of Music the first of two concerts by visiting musical organi
zations will take place Sunday night, at 8:!H) o'clock in the Education Auditorium. Shown here is the first
guest group, the Brass Choir from San Jose State College. The choir is directed by Maurice Faulkner.

UNDER 7'IIE SPONSORSHIP of the Division of Music the first of two concerts by visiting musical organi
zations will take place Sunday night, at 8:!H) o'clock in the Education Auditorium. Shown here is the first
guest group, the Brass Choir from San Jose State College. The choir is directed by Maurice Faulkner.

UNDER 7'IIE SPONSORSHIP of the Division of Music the first of two concerts by visiting musical organi
zations will take place Sunday night, at 8:!H) o'clock in the Education Auditorium. Shown here is the first
guest group, the Brass Choir from San Jose State College. The choir is directed by Maurice Faulkner.
