# UNFAIR ADVANTAGE
## 
### 
EDITOR, SIR:
Your coverage of Roosevelt's speech before the
Scientific American Congress was decidedly one-sided
and unfair, since in your issue of May 13 you reported
merely the reaction of a particular group of campus
axtremists to the speech without, even mentioning its
substance. Moreover, your editorial of the same date
might well have been lifted from the Communist-CIO
pamphlet, ''The Yanks Are Not Coming," although
your language was a bit more elegant. It consisted
merely of a repetition of a group of standard propa
ganda phrases and showed no evidence of original
thinking.
Robert D. Void
EDITOR, SIR:
Your coverage of Roosevelt's speech before the
Scientific American Congress was decidedly one-sided
and unfair, since in your issue of May 13 you reported
merely the reaction of a particular group of campus
axtremists to the speech without, even mentioning its
substance. Moreover, your editorial of the same date
might well have been lifted from the Communist-CIO
pamphlet, ''The Yanks Are Not Coming," although
your language was a bit more elegant. It consisted
merely of a repetition of a group of standard propa
ganda phrases and showed no evidence of original
thinking.
Robert D. Void
EDITOR, SIR:
Your coverage of Roosevelt's speech before the
Scientific American Congress was decidedly one-sided
and unfair, since in your issue of May 13 you reported
merely the reaction of a particular group of campus
axtremists to the speech without, even mentioning its
substance. Moreover, your editorial of the same date
might well have been lifted from the Communist-CIO
pamphlet, ''The Yanks Are Not Coming," although
your language was a bit more elegant. It consisted
merely of a repetition of a group of standard propa
ganda phrases and showed no evidence of original
thinking.
Robert D. Void
EDITOR, SIR:
Your coverage of Roosevelt's speech before the
Scientific American Congress was decidedly one-sided
and unfair, since in your issue of May 13 you reported
merely the reaction of a particular group of campus
axtremists to the speech without, even mentioning its
substance. Moreover, your editorial of the same date
might well have been lifted from the Communist-CIO
pamphlet, ''The Yanks Are Not Coming," although
your language was a bit more elegant. It consisted
merely of a repetition of a group of standard propa
ganda phrases and showed no evidence of original
thinking.
Robert D. Void
EDITOR, SIR:
Your coverage of Roosevelt's speech before the
Scientific American Congress was decidedly one-sided
and unfair, since in your issue of May 13 you reported
merely the reaction of a particular group of campus
axtremists to the speech without, even mentioning its
substance. Moreover, your editorial of the same date
might well have been lifted from the Communist-CIO
pamphlet, ''The Yanks Are Not Coming," although
your language was a bit more elegant. It consisted
merely of a repetition of a group of standard propa
ganda phrases and showed no evidence of original
thinking.
Robert D. Void
EDITOR, SIR:
Your coverage of Roosevelt's speech before the
Scientific American Congress was decidedly one-sided
and unfair, since in your issue of May 13 you reported
merely the reaction of a particular group of campus
axtremists to the speech without, even mentioning its
substance. Moreover, your editorial of the same date
might well have been lifted from the Communist-CIO
pamphlet, ''The Yanks Are Not Coming," although
your language was a bit more elegant. It consisted
merely of a repetition of a group of standard propa
ganda phrases and showed no evidence of original
thinking.
Robert D. Void
EDITOR, SIR:
Your coverage of Roosevelt's speech before the
Scientific American Congress was decidedly one-sided
and unfair, since in your issue of May 13 you reported
merely the reaction of a particular group of campus
axtremists to the speech without, even mentioning its
substance. Moreover, your editorial of the same date
might well have been lifted from the Communist-CIO
pamphlet, ''The Yanks Are Not Coming," although
your language was a bit more elegant. It consisted
merely of a repetition of a group of standard propa
ganda phrases and showed no evidence of original
thinking.
Robert D. Void
EDITOR, SIR:
Your coverage of Roosevelt's speech before the
Scientific American Congress was decidedly one-sided
and unfair, since in your issue of May 13 you reported
merely the reaction of a particular group of campus
axtremists to the speech without, even mentioning its
substance. Moreover, your editorial of the same date
might well have been lifted from the Communist-CIO
pamphlet, ''The Yanks Are Not Coming," although
your language was a bit more elegant. It consisted
merely of a repetition of a group of standard propa
ganda phrases and showed no evidence of original
thinking.
Robert D. Void
EDITOR, SIR:
Your coverage of Roosevelt's speech before the
Scientific American Congress was decidedly one-sided
and unfair, since in your issue of May 13 you reported
merely the reaction of a particular group of campus
axtremists to the speech without, even mentioning its
substance. Moreover, your editorial of the same date
might well have been lifted from the Communist-CIO
pamphlet, ''The Yanks Are Not Coming," although
your language was a bit more elegant. It consisted
merely of a repetition of a group of standard propa
ganda phrases and showed no evidence of original
thinking.
Robert D. Void
EDITOR, SIR:
Your coverage of Roosevelt's speech before the
Scientific American Congress was decidedly one-sided
and unfair, since in your issue of May 13 you reported
merely the reaction of a particular group of campus
axtremists to the speech without, even mentioning its
substance. Moreover, your editorial of the same date
might well have been lifted from the Communist-CIO
pamphlet, ''The Yanks Are Not Coming," although
your language was a bit more elegant. It consisted
merely of a repetition of a group of standard propa
ganda phrases and showed no evidence of original
thinking.
Robert D. Void
EDITOR, SIR:
Your coverage of Roosevelt's speech before the
Scientific American Congress was decidedly one-sided
and unfair, since in your issue of May 13 you reported
merely the reaction of a particular group of campus
axtremists to the speech without, even mentioning its
substance. Moreover, your editorial of the same date
might well have been lifted from the Communist-CIO
pamphlet, ''The Yanks Are Not Coming," although
your language was a bit more elegant. It consisted
merely of a repetition of a group of standard propa
ganda phrases and showed no evidence of original
thinking.
Robert D. Void
EDITOR, SIR:
Your coverage of Roosevelt's speech before the
Scientific American Congress was decidedly one-sided
and unfair, since in your issue of May 13 you reported
merely the reaction of a particular group of campus
axtremists to the speech without, even mentioning its
substance. Moreover, your editorial of the same date
might well have been lifted from the Communist-CIO
pamphlet, ''The Yanks Are Not Coming," although
your language was a bit more elegant. It consisted
merely of a repetition of a group of standard propa
ganda phrases and showed no evidence of original
thinking.
Robert D. Void
EDITOR, SIR:
Your coverage of Roosevelt's speech before the
Scientific American Congress was decidedly one-sided
and unfair, since in your issue of May 13 you reported
merely the reaction of a particular group of campus
axtremists to the speech without, even mentioning its
substance. Moreover, your editorial of the same date
might well have been lifted from the Communist-CIO
pamphlet, ''The Yanks Are Not Coming," although
your language was a bit more elegant. It consisted
merely of a repetition of a group of standard propa
ganda phrases and showed no evidence of original
thinking.
Robert D. Void
EDITOR, SIR:
Your coverage of Roosevelt's speech before the
Scientific American Congress was decidedly one-sided
and unfair, since in your issue of May 13 you reported
merely the reaction of a particular group of campus
axtremists to the speech without, even mentioning its
substance. Moreover, your editorial of the same date
might well have been lifted from the Communist-CIO
pamphlet, ''The Yanks Are Not Coming," although
your language was a bit more elegant. It consisted
merely of a repetition of a group of standard propa
ganda phrases and showed no evidence of original
thinking.
Robert D. Void
EDITOR, SIR:
Your coverage of Roosevelt's speech before the
Scientific American Congress was decidedly one-sided
and unfair, since in your issue of May 13 you reported
merely the reaction of a particular group of campus
axtremists to the speech without, even mentioning its
substance. Moreover, your editorial of the same date
might well have been lifted from the Communist-CIO
pamphlet, ''The Yanks Are Not Coming," although
your language was a bit more elegant. It consisted
merely of a repetition of a group of standard propa
ganda phrases and showed no evidence of original
thinking.
Robert D. Void
EDITOR, SIR:
Your coverage of Roosevelt's speech before the
Scientific American Congress was decidedly one-sided
and unfair, since in your issue of May 13 you reported
merely the reaction of a particular group of campus
axtremists to the speech without, even mentioning its
substance. Moreover, your editorial of the same date
might well have been lifted from the Communist-CIO
pamphlet, ''The Yanks Are Not Coming," although
your language was a bit more elegant. It consisted
merely of a repetition of a group of standard propa
ganda phrases and showed no evidence of original
thinking.
Robert D. Void
EDITOR, SIR:
Your coverage of Roosevelt's speech before the
Scientific American Congress was decidedly one-sided
and unfair, since in your issue of May 13 you reported
merely the reaction of a particular group of campus
axtremists to the speech without, even mentioning its
substance. Moreover, your editorial of the same date
might well have been lifted from the Communist-CIO
pamphlet, ''The Yanks Are Not Coming," although
your language was a bit more elegant. It consisted
merely of a repetition of a group of standard propa
ganda phrases and showed no evidence of original
thinking.
Robert D. Void
