# Congress Pushes Arms Expansion
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. May 1(5 (UP).—
Congress moved rapidly tonight to
carry out President Roosevelt's re
quest for $1,182,000,000 to augment
and expand the nation's defense
forces.
Party lines vanished as the Senate
unanimously adopted a resolution
recalling the already approved
$963,000,000 Navy appropriation bill
so that $250,000,000 in cash, which
Mr. Roosevelt asked for the Navy,
can be incorporated into it. The
measure has been in conference with
the House for adjustment of minor
differences.
In the lower chamber, Chairman
Andrew J. May of the Military Af
fairs Committee set the pace by in
troducing a bill authorizing $726,-
000.000 for army expansion. He said
the measure will be expedited
through his group for early floor
consideration.

Chinese dinners in the mandarin
class often consists of 24 courses,
and require the greater part of an
evening. Frequent rests for smoking
are taken.
WASHINGTON. May 1(5 (UP).—
Congress moved rapidly tonight to
carry out President Roosevelt's re
quest for $1,182,000,000 to augment
and expand the nation's defense
forces.
Party lines vanished as the Senate
unanimously adopted a resolution
recalling the already approved
$963,000,000 Navy appropriation bill
so that $250,000,000 in cash, which
Mr. Roosevelt asked for the Navy,
can be incorporated into it. The
measure has been in conference with
the House for adjustment of minor
differences.
In the lower chamber, Chairman
Andrew J. May of the Military Af
fairs Committee set the pace by in
troducing a bill authorizing $726,-
000.000 for army expansion. He said
the measure will be expedited
through his group for early floor
consideration.

Chinese dinners in the mandarin
class often consists of 24 courses,
and require the greater part of an
evening. Frequent rests for smoking
are taken.
WASHINGTON. May 1(5 (UP).—
Congress moved rapidly tonight to
carry out President Roosevelt's re
quest for $1,182,000,000 to augment
and expand the nation's defense
forces.
Party lines vanished as the Senate
unanimously adopted a resolution
recalling the already approved
$963,000,000 Navy appropriation bill
so that $250,000,000 in cash, which
Mr. Roosevelt asked for the Navy,
can be incorporated into it. The
measure has been in conference with
the House for adjustment of minor
differences.
In the lower chamber, Chairman
Andrew J. May of the Military Af
fairs Committee set the pace by in
troducing a bill authorizing $726,-
000.000 for army expansion. He said
the measure will be expedited
through his group for early floor
consideration.

Chinese dinners in the mandarin
class often consists of 24 courses,
and require the greater part of an
evening. Frequent rests for smoking
are taken.
WASHINGTON. May 1(5 (UP).—
Congress moved rapidly tonight to
carry out President Roosevelt's re
quest for $1,182,000,000 to augment
and expand the nation's defense
forces.
Party lines vanished as the Senate
unanimously adopted a resolution
recalling the already approved
$963,000,000 Navy appropriation bill
so that $250,000,000 in cash, which
Mr. Roosevelt asked for the Navy,
can be incorporated into it. The
measure has been in conference with
the House for adjustment of minor
differences.
In the lower chamber, Chairman
Andrew J. May of the Military Af
fairs Committee set the pace by in
troducing a bill authorizing $726,-
000.000 for army expansion. He said
the measure will be expedited
through his group for early floor
consideration.

Chinese dinners in the mandarin
class often consists of 24 courses,
and require the greater part of an
evening. Frequent rests for smoking
are taken.
WASHINGTON. May 1(5 (UP).—
Congress moved rapidly tonight to
carry out President Roosevelt's re
quest for $1,182,000,000 to augment
and expand the nation's defense
forces.
Party lines vanished as the Senate
unanimously adopted a resolution
recalling the already approved
$963,000,000 Navy appropriation bill
so that $250,000,000 in cash, which
Mr. Roosevelt asked for the Navy,
can be incorporated into it. The
measure has been in conference with
the House for adjustment of minor
differences.
In the lower chamber, Chairman
Andrew J. May of the Military Af
fairs Committee set the pace by in
troducing a bill authorizing $726,-
000.000 for army expansion. He said
the measure will be expedited
through his group for early floor
consideration.

Chinese dinners in the mandarin
class often consists of 24 courses,
and require the greater part of an
evening. Frequent rests for smoking
are taken.
WASHINGTON. May 1(5 (UP).—
Congress moved rapidly tonight to
carry out President Roosevelt's re
quest for $1,182,000,000 to augment
and expand the nation's defense
forces.
Party lines vanished as the Senate
unanimously adopted a resolution
recalling the already approved
$963,000,000 Navy appropriation bill
so that $250,000,000 in cash, which
Mr. Roosevelt asked for the Navy,
can be incorporated into it. The
measure has been in conference with
the House for adjustment of minor
differences.
In the lower chamber, Chairman
Andrew J. May of the Military Af
fairs Committee set the pace by in
troducing a bill authorizing $726,-
000.000 for army expansion. He said
the measure will be expedited
through his group for early floor
consideration.

Chinese dinners in the mandarin
class often consists of 24 courses,
and require the greater part of an
evening. Frequent rests for smoking
are taken.
WASHINGTON. May 1(5 (UP).—
Congress moved rapidly tonight to
carry out President Roosevelt's re
quest for $1,182,000,000 to augment
and expand the nation's defense
forces.
Party lines vanished as the Senate
unanimously adopted a resolution
recalling the already approved
$963,000,000 Navy appropriation bill
so that $250,000,000 in cash, which
Mr. Roosevelt asked for the Navy,
can be incorporated into it. The
measure has been in conference with
the House for adjustment of minor
differences.
In the lower chamber, Chairman
Andrew J. May of the Military Af
fairs Committee set the pace by in
troducing a bill authorizing $726,-
000.000 for army expansion. He said
the measure will be expedited
through his group for early floor
consideration.

Chinese dinners in the mandarin
class often consists of 24 courses,
and require the greater part of an
evening. Frequent rests for smoking
are taken.
WASHINGTON. May 1(5 (UP).—
Congress moved rapidly tonight to
carry out President Roosevelt's re
quest for $1,182,000,000 to augment
and expand the nation's defense
forces.
Party lines vanished as the Senate
unanimously adopted a resolution
recalling the already approved
$963,000,000 Navy appropriation bill
so that $250,000,000 in cash, which
Mr. Roosevelt asked for the Navy,
can be incorporated into it. The
measure has been in conference with
the House for adjustment of minor
differences.
In the lower chamber, Chairman
Andrew J. May of the Military Af
fairs Committee set the pace by in
troducing a bill authorizing $726,-
000.000 for army expansion. He said
the measure will be expedited
through his group for early floor
consideration.

Chinese dinners in the mandarin
class often consists of 24 courses,
and require the greater part of an
evening. Frequent rests for smoking
are taken.
WASHINGTON. May 1(5 (UP).—
Congress moved rapidly tonight to
carry out President Roosevelt's re
quest for $1,182,000,000 to augment
and expand the nation's defense
forces.
Party lines vanished as the Senate
unanimously adopted a resolution
recalling the already approved
$963,000,000 Navy appropriation bill
so that $250,000,000 in cash, which
Mr. Roosevelt asked for the Navy,
can be incorporated into it. The
measure has been in conference with
the House for adjustment of minor
differences.
In the lower chamber, Chairman
Andrew J. May of the Military Af
fairs Committee set the pace by in
troducing a bill authorizing $726,-
000.000 for army expansion. He said
the measure will be expedited
through his group for early floor
consideration.

Chinese dinners in the mandarin
class often consists of 24 courses,
and require the greater part of an
evening. Frequent rests for smoking
are taken.
WASHINGTON. May 1(5 (UP).—
Congress moved rapidly tonight to
carry out President Roosevelt's re
quest for $1,182,000,000 to augment
and expand the nation's defense
forces.
Party lines vanished as the Senate
unanimously adopted a resolution
recalling the already approved
$963,000,000 Navy appropriation bill
so that $250,000,000 in cash, which
Mr. Roosevelt asked for the Navy,
can be incorporated into it. The
measure has been in conference with
the House for adjustment of minor
differences.
In the lower chamber, Chairman
Andrew J. May of the Military Af
fairs Committee set the pace by in
troducing a bill authorizing $726,-
000.000 for army expansion. He said
the measure will be expedited
through his group for early floor
consideration.

Chinese dinners in the mandarin
class often consists of 24 courses,
and require the greater part of an
evening. Frequent rests for smoking
are taken.
WASHINGTON. May 1(5 (UP).—
Congress moved rapidly tonight to
carry out President Roosevelt's re
quest for $1,182,000,000 to augment
and expand the nation's defense
forces.
Party lines vanished as the Senate
unanimously adopted a resolution
recalling the already approved
$963,000,000 Navy appropriation bill
so that $250,000,000 in cash, which
Mr. Roosevelt asked for the Navy,
can be incorporated into it. The
measure has been in conference with
the House for adjustment of minor
differences.
In the lower chamber, Chairman
Andrew J. May of the Military Af
fairs Committee set the pace by in
troducing a bill authorizing $726,-
000.000 for army expansion. He said
the measure will be expedited
through his group for early floor
consideration.

Chinese dinners in the mandarin
class often consists of 24 courses,
and require the greater part of an
evening. Frequent rests for smoking
are taken.
WASHINGTON. May 1(5 (UP).—
Congress moved rapidly tonight to
carry out President Roosevelt's re
quest for $1,182,000,000 to augment
and expand the nation's defense
forces.
Party lines vanished as the Senate
unanimously adopted a resolution
recalling the already approved
$963,000,000 Navy appropriation bill
so that $250,000,000 in cash, which
Mr. Roosevelt asked for the Navy,
can be incorporated into it. The
measure has been in conference with
the House for adjustment of minor
differences.
In the lower chamber, Chairman
Andrew J. May of the Military Af
fairs Committee set the pace by in
troducing a bill authorizing $726,-
000.000 for army expansion. He said
the measure will be expedited
through his group for early floor
consideration.

Chinese dinners in the mandarin
class often consists of 24 courses,
and require the greater part of an
evening. Frequent rests for smoking
are taken.
WASHINGTON. May 1(5 (UP).—
Congress moved rapidly tonight to
carry out President Roosevelt's re
quest for $1,182,000,000 to augment
and expand the nation's defense
forces.
Party lines vanished as the Senate
unanimously adopted a resolution
recalling the already approved
$963,000,000 Navy appropriation bill
so that $250,000,000 in cash, which
Mr. Roosevelt asked for the Navy,
can be incorporated into it. The
measure has been in conference with
the House for adjustment of minor
differences.
In the lower chamber, Chairman
Andrew J. May of the Military Af
fairs Committee set the pace by in
troducing a bill authorizing $726,-
000.000 for army expansion. He said
the measure will be expedited
through his group for early floor
consideration.

Chinese dinners in the mandarin
class often consists of 24 courses,
and require the greater part of an
evening. Frequent rests for smoking
are taken.
WASHINGTON. May 1(5 (UP).—
Congress moved rapidly tonight to
carry out President Roosevelt's re
quest for $1,182,000,000 to augment
and expand the nation's defense
forces.
Party lines vanished as the Senate
unanimously adopted a resolution
recalling the already approved
$963,000,000 Navy appropriation bill
so that $250,000,000 in cash, which
Mr. Roosevelt asked for the Navy,
can be incorporated into it. The
measure has been in conference with
the House for adjustment of minor
differences.
In the lower chamber, Chairman
Andrew J. May of the Military Af
fairs Committee set the pace by in
troducing a bill authorizing $726,-
000.000 for army expansion. He said
the measure will be expedited
through his group for early floor
consideration.

Chinese dinners in the mandarin
class often consists of 24 courses,
and require the greater part of an
evening. Frequent rests for smoking
are taken.
WASHINGTON. May 1(5 (UP).—
Congress moved rapidly tonight to
carry out President Roosevelt's re
quest for $1,182,000,000 to augment
and expand the nation's defense
forces.
Party lines vanished as the Senate
unanimously adopted a resolution
recalling the already approved
$963,000,000 Navy appropriation bill
so that $250,000,000 in cash, which
Mr. Roosevelt asked for the Navy,
can be incorporated into it. The
measure has been in conference with
the House for adjustment of minor
differences.
In the lower chamber, Chairman
Andrew J. May of the Military Af
fairs Committee set the pace by in
troducing a bill authorizing $726,-
000.000 for army expansion. He said
the measure will be expedited
through his group for early floor
consideration.

Chinese dinners in the mandarin
class often consists of 24 courses,
and require the greater part of an
evening. Frequent rests for smoking
are taken.
WASHINGTON. May 1(5 (UP).—
Congress moved rapidly tonight to
carry out President Roosevelt's re
quest for $1,182,000,000 to augment
and expand the nation's defense
forces.
Party lines vanished as the Senate
unanimously adopted a resolution
recalling the already approved
$963,000,000 Navy appropriation bill
so that $250,000,000 in cash, which
Mr. Roosevelt asked for the Navy,
can be incorporated into it. The
measure has been in conference with
the House for adjustment of minor
differences.
In the lower chamber, Chairman
Andrew J. May of the Military Af
fairs Committee set the pace by in
troducing a bill authorizing $726,-
000.000 for army expansion. He said
the measure will be expedited
through his group for early floor
consideration.

Chinese dinners in the mandarin
class often consists of 24 courses,
and require the greater part of an
evening. Frequent rests for smoking
are taken.
WASHINGTON. May 1(5 (UP).—
Congress moved rapidly tonight to
carry out President Roosevelt's re
quest for $1,182,000,000 to augment
and expand the nation's defense
forces.
Party lines vanished as the Senate
unanimously adopted a resolution
recalling the already approved
$963,000,000 Navy appropriation bill
so that $250,000,000 in cash, which
Mr. Roosevelt asked for the Navy,
can be incorporated into it. The
measure has been in conference with
the House for adjustment of minor
differences.
In the lower chamber, Chairman
Andrew J. May of the Military Af
fairs Committee set the pace by in
troducing a bill authorizing $726,-
000.000 for army expansion. He said
the measure will be expedited
through his group for early floor
consideration.

Chinese dinners in the mandarin
class often consists of 24 courses,
and require the greater part of an
evening. Frequent rests for smoking
are taken.
