# WOMEN IN ADVERTISING INCREASING IN NUMBER
## 
### 
Advertising for women is becoming
increasingly popular. Offices in New
York City are daily crowded with as
pirants to what is generally consid
ered a "royal road to wealth," accord
ing to a recent Newspaper Bulletin of
the Bureau of Vocational Guidance.
The article goes on to explain that
the only requirements for success in
this work are not only "a flair for
writing and a possession of the so
called feminine viewpoint." A woman
must also have a broad cultural back
ground, a knowledge of economics and
business practices, an understanding
of people and their buying habits, as
well as comprehension of specialized
subjects of the profession.
Advertising for women is becoming
increasingly popular. Offices in New
York City are daily crowded with as
pirants to what is generally consid
ered a "royal road to wealth," accord
ing to a recent Newspaper Bulletin of
the Bureau of Vocational Guidance.
The article goes on to explain that
the only requirements for success in
this work are not only "a flair for
writing and a possession of the so
called feminine viewpoint." A woman
must also have a broad cultural back
ground, a knowledge of economics and
business practices, an understanding
of people and their buying habits, as
well as comprehension of specialized
subjects of the profession.
Advertising for women is becoming
increasingly popular. Offices in New
York City are daily crowded with as
pirants to what is generally consid
ered a "royal road to wealth," accord
ing to a recent Newspaper Bulletin of
the Bureau of Vocational Guidance.
The article goes on to explain that
the only requirements for success in
this work are not only "a flair for
writing and a possession of the so
called feminine viewpoint." A woman
must also have a broad cultural back
ground, a knowledge of economics and
business practices, an understanding
of people and their buying habits, as
well as comprehension of specialized
subjects of the profession.
Advertising for women is becoming
increasingly popular. Offices in New
York City are daily crowded with as
pirants to what is generally consid
ered a "royal road to wealth," accord
ing to a recent Newspaper Bulletin of
the Bureau of Vocational Guidance.
The article goes on to explain that
the only requirements for success in
this work are not only "a flair for
writing and a possession of the so
called feminine viewpoint." A woman
must also have a broad cultural back
ground, a knowledge of economics and
business practices, an understanding
of people and their buying habits, as
well as comprehension of specialized
subjects of the profession.
Advertising for women is becoming
increasingly popular. Offices in New
York City are daily crowded with as
pirants to what is generally consid
ered a "royal road to wealth," accord
ing to a recent Newspaper Bulletin of
the Bureau of Vocational Guidance.
The article goes on to explain that
the only requirements for success in
this work are not only "a flair for
writing and a possession of the so
called feminine viewpoint." A woman
must also have a broad cultural back
ground, a knowledge of economics and
business practices, an understanding
of people and their buying habits, as
well as comprehension of specialized
subjects of the profession.
Advertising for women is becoming
increasingly popular. Offices in New
York City are daily crowded with as
pirants to what is generally consid
ered a "royal road to wealth," accord
ing to a recent Newspaper Bulletin of
the Bureau of Vocational Guidance.
The article goes on to explain that
the only requirements for success in
this work are not only "a flair for
writing and a possession of the so
called feminine viewpoint." A woman
must also have a broad cultural back
ground, a knowledge of economics and
business practices, an understanding
of people and their buying habits, as
well as comprehension of specialized
subjects of the profession.
Advertising for women is becoming
increasingly popular. Offices in New
York City are daily crowded with as
pirants to what is generally consid
ered a "royal road to wealth," accord
ing to a recent Newspaper Bulletin of
the Bureau of Vocational Guidance.
The article goes on to explain that
the only requirements for success in
this work are not only "a flair for
writing and a possession of the so
called feminine viewpoint." A woman
must also have a broad cultural back
ground, a knowledge of economics and
business practices, an understanding
of people and their buying habits, as
well as comprehension of specialized
subjects of the profession.
Advertising for women is becoming
increasingly popular. Offices in New
York City are daily crowded with as
pirants to what is generally consid
ered a "royal road to wealth," accord
ing to a recent Newspaper Bulletin of
the Bureau of Vocational Guidance.
The article goes on to explain that
the only requirements for success in
this work are not only "a flair for
writing and a possession of the so
called feminine viewpoint." A woman
must also have a broad cultural back
ground, a knowledge of economics and
business practices, an understanding
of people and their buying habits, as
well as comprehension of specialized
subjects of the profession.
Advertising for women is becoming
increasingly popular. Offices in New
York City are daily crowded with as
pirants to what is generally consid
ered a "royal road to wealth," accord
ing to a recent Newspaper Bulletin of
the Bureau of Vocational Guidance.
The article goes on to explain that
the only requirements for success in
this work are not only "a flair for
writing and a possession of the so
called feminine viewpoint." A woman
must also have a broad cultural back
ground, a knowledge of economics and
business practices, an understanding
of people and their buying habits, as
well as comprehension of specialized
subjects of the profession.
Advertising for women is becoming
increasingly popular. Offices in New
York City are daily crowded with as
pirants to what is generally consid
ered a "royal road to wealth," accord
ing to a recent Newspaper Bulletin of
the Bureau of Vocational Guidance.
The article goes on to explain that
the only requirements for success in
this work are not only "a flair for
writing and a possession of the so
called feminine viewpoint." A woman
must also have a broad cultural back
ground, a knowledge of economics and
business practices, an understanding
of people and their buying habits, as
well as comprehension of specialized
subjects of the profession.
Advertising for women is becoming
increasingly popular. Offices in New
York City are daily crowded with as
pirants to what is generally consid
ered a "royal road to wealth," accord
ing to a recent Newspaper Bulletin of
the Bureau of Vocational Guidance.
The article goes on to explain that
the only requirements for success in
this work are not only "a flair for
writing and a possession of the so
called feminine viewpoint." A woman
must also have a broad cultural back
ground, a knowledge of economics and
business practices, an understanding
of people and their buying habits, as
well as comprehension of specialized
subjects of the profession.
Advertising for women is becoming
increasingly popular. Offices in New
York City are daily crowded with as
pirants to what is generally consid
ered a "royal road to wealth," accord
ing to a recent Newspaper Bulletin of
the Bureau of Vocational Guidance.
The article goes on to explain that
the only requirements for success in
this work are not only "a flair for
writing and a possession of the so
called feminine viewpoint." A woman
must also have a broad cultural back
ground, a knowledge of economics and
business practices, an understanding
of people and their buying habits, as
well as comprehension of specialized
subjects of the profession.
Advertising for women is becoming
increasingly popular. Offices in New
York City are daily crowded with as
pirants to what is generally consid
ered a "royal road to wealth," accord
ing to a recent Newspaper Bulletin of
the Bureau of Vocational Guidance.
The article goes on to explain that
the only requirements for success in
this work are not only "a flair for
writing and a possession of the so
called feminine viewpoint." A woman
must also have a broad cultural back
ground, a knowledge of economics and
business practices, an understanding
of people and their buying habits, as
well as comprehension of specialized
subjects of the profession.
Advertising for women is becoming
increasingly popular. Offices in New
York City are daily crowded with as
pirants to what is generally consid
ered a "royal road to wealth," accord
ing to a recent Newspaper Bulletin of
the Bureau of Vocational Guidance.
The article goes on to explain that
the only requirements for success in
this work are not only "a flair for
writing and a possession of the so
called feminine viewpoint." A woman
must also have a broad cultural back
ground, a knowledge of economics and
business practices, an understanding
of people and their buying habits, as
well as comprehension of specialized
subjects of the profession.
Advertising for women is becoming
increasingly popular. Offices in New
York City are daily crowded with as
pirants to what is generally consid
ered a "royal road to wealth," accord
ing to a recent Newspaper Bulletin of
the Bureau of Vocational Guidance.
The article goes on to explain that
the only requirements for success in
this work are not only "a flair for
writing and a possession of the so
called feminine viewpoint." A woman
must also have a broad cultural back
ground, a knowledge of economics and
business practices, an understanding
of people and their buying habits, as
well as comprehension of specialized
subjects of the profession.
