# JUNIOR PROM TICKET SALE IS TOMORROW
## 
### 
Junior Prom tickets will go on sale
tomorrow in the Administration build
ing at 12:45. The sale is limited to
juniors only until after 1 o'clock,
when the tickets will be sold to all
classes.
In former years 500 couples have
been accommodated at this dance.
However, ouly 250 tickets will be of
fered this year. This means that only
the early purchasers can secure tick
ets The price is $5 per couple.
Junior Prom tickets will go on sale
tomorrow in the Administration build
ing at 12:45. The sale is limited to
juniors only until after 1 o'clock,
when the tickets will be sold to all
classes.
In former years 500 couples have
been accommodated at this dance.
However, ouly 250 tickets will be of
fered this year. This means that only
the early purchasers can secure tick
ets The price is $5 per couple.
Junior Prom tickets will go on sale
tomorrow in the Administration build
ing at 12:45. The sale is limited to
juniors only until after 1 o'clock,
when the tickets will be sold to all
classes.
In former years 500 couples have
been accommodated at this dance.
However, ouly 250 tickets will be of
fered this year. This means that only
the early purchasers can secure tick
ets The price is $5 per couple.
Junior Prom tickets will go on sale
tomorrow in the Administration build
ing at 12:45. The sale is limited to
juniors only until after 1 o'clock,
when the tickets will be sold to all
classes.
In former years 500 couples have
been accommodated at this dance.
However, ouly 250 tickets will be of
fered this year. This means that only
the early purchasers can secure tick
ets The price is $5 per couple.
Junior Prom tickets will go on sale
tomorrow in the Administration build
ing at 12:45. The sale is limited to
juniors only until after 1 o'clock,
when the tickets will be sold to all
classes.
In former years 500 couples have
been accommodated at this dance.
However, ouly 250 tickets will be of
fered this year. This means that only
the early purchasers can secure tick
ets The price is $5 per couple.
Junior Prom tickets will go on sale
tomorrow in the Administration build
ing at 12:45. The sale is limited to
juniors only until after 1 o'clock,
when the tickets will be sold to all
classes.
In former years 500 couples have
been accommodated at this dance.
However, ouly 250 tickets will be of
fered this year. This means that only
the early purchasers can secure tick
ets The price is $5 per couple.
Junior Prom tickets will go on sale
tomorrow in the Administration build
ing at 12:45. The sale is limited to
juniors only until after 1 o'clock,
when the tickets will be sold to all
classes.
In former years 500 couples have
been accommodated at this dance.
However, ouly 250 tickets will be of
fered this year. This means that only
the early purchasers can secure tick
ets The price is $5 per couple.
Junior Prom tickets will go on sale
tomorrow in the Administration build
ing at 12:45. The sale is limited to
juniors only until after 1 o'clock,
when the tickets will be sold to all
classes.
In former years 500 couples have
been accommodated at this dance.
However, ouly 250 tickets will be of
fered this year. This means that only
the early purchasers can secure tick
ets The price is $5 per couple.
Junior Prom tickets will go on sale
tomorrow in the Administration build
ing at 12:45. The sale is limited to
juniors only until after 1 o'clock,
when the tickets will be sold to all
classes.
In former years 500 couples have
been accommodated at this dance.
However, ouly 250 tickets will be of
fered this year. This means that only
the early purchasers can secure tick
ets The price is $5 per couple.
Junior Prom tickets will go on sale
tomorrow in the Administration build
ing at 12:45. The sale is limited to
juniors only until after 1 o'clock,
when the tickets will be sold to all
classes.
In former years 500 couples have
been accommodated at this dance.
However, ouly 250 tickets will be of
fered this year. This means that only
the early purchasers can secure tick
ets The price is $5 per couple.
Junior Prom tickets will go on sale
tomorrow in the Administration build
ing at 12:45. The sale is limited to
juniors only until after 1 o'clock,
when the tickets will be sold to all
classes.
In former years 500 couples have
been accommodated at this dance.
However, ouly 250 tickets will be of
fered this year. This means that only
the early purchasers can secure tick
ets The price is $5 per couple.
Junior Prom tickets will go on sale
tomorrow in the Administration build
ing at 12:45. The sale is limited to
juniors only until after 1 o'clock,
when the tickets will be sold to all
classes.
In former years 500 couples have
been accommodated at this dance.
However, ouly 250 tickets will be of
fered this year. This means that only
the early purchasers can secure tick
ets The price is $5 per couple.
Junior Prom tickets will go on sale
tomorrow in the Administration build
ing at 12:45. The sale is limited to
juniors only until after 1 o'clock,
when the tickets will be sold to all
classes.
In former years 500 couples have
been accommodated at this dance.
However, ouly 250 tickets will be of
fered this year. This means that only
the early purchasers can secure tick
ets The price is $5 per couple.
Junior Prom tickets will go on sale
tomorrow in the Administration build
ing at 12:45. The sale is limited to
juniors only until after 1 o'clock,
when the tickets will be sold to all
classes.
In former years 500 couples have
been accommodated at this dance.
However, ouly 250 tickets will be of
fered this year. This means that only
the early purchasers can secure tick
ets The price is $5 per couple.
Junior Prom tickets will go on sale
tomorrow in the Administration build
ing at 12:45. The sale is limited to
juniors only until after 1 o'clock,
when the tickets will be sold to all
classes.
In former years 500 couples have
been accommodated at this dance.
However, ouly 250 tickets will be of
fered this year. This means that only
the early purchasers can secure tick
ets The price is $5 per couple.
