# SHIPKEY, JOHNSTON WILL PLAY TACKLE ON 1924 GRID TEAM
## To Hold Down Positions for Third Consecutive Football Season 
### 
When the Stanford varsity football
eleven goes into action next fall, the
tackle positions will be in the hands of
two veterans and capable players. Ship
key and Johnston will hold down the
positions for the third consecutive sea
son, having started together when sopho
mores,
Charles "Chuck" Johnston was handi
capped last season by injuries. How
ever, he should come through in great
fashion this year. Johnston is not only
fast, but always manages to keep 011 his
feet, a valuable asset when it comes to
breaking up the opponent's plays. This
versatile tackle has a habit of breaking
through and nailing the runner in his
tracks several times during a game. He
is rarely if ever forced out of a play.
As a good football player should be,
Johnston's athletic talents do not stop
with the gridiron. At present he is
playing 011 the baseball varsity, alter
nating between catching and left field.
Shipkey, Johnston's running mate, is
another example of a football man in
other sports. When not on the football
field, Shipkey spends his time 011 the
basketball floor.
Harry Shipkey needs no introduction
to Card fans. He was one of the out
standing linemen last season, and indi
cations are for even a better year this
season.
Shipkey is a veritable stone wall 011
the defense. Plays by opponents have
a marked habit of stopping abruptly as
soon as they get within range.
Neill, who has been alternated as
guard and tackle, should see a great
deal of action next fall, although he is
very light. His weight, however, is not
in the same class with his fight, as he
has more of the latter than a larger man.
Thornhill used him last season to plug
in spots that were beginning to weaken
under the opposing team's hammering,
and he was a marked success at this.
Armour and Potts are two big fellows
that graduated from the 1926 freshman
eleven. Both need a little more experi
ence, and will probably get some of it,
Raffetto is about the best of the present
freshman tackles, with the exception of
Swan.
When the Stanford varsity football
eleven goes into action next fall, the
tackle positions will be in the hands of
two veterans and capable players. Ship
key and Johnston will hold down the
positions for the third consecutive sea
son, having started together when sopho
mores,
Charles "Chuck" Johnston was handi
capped last season by injuries. How
ever, he should come through in great
fashion this year. Johnston is not only
fast, but always manages to keep 011 his
feet, a valuable asset when it comes to
breaking up the opponent's plays. This
versatile tackle has a habit of breaking
through and nailing the runner in his
tracks several times during a game. He
is rarely if ever forced out of a play.
As a good football player should be,
Johnston's athletic talents do not stop
with the gridiron. At present he is
playing 011 the baseball varsity, alter
nating between catching and left field.
Shipkey, Johnston's running mate, is
another example of a football man in
other sports. When not on the football
field, Shipkey spends his time 011 the
basketball floor.
Harry Shipkey needs no introduction
to Card fans. He was one of the out
standing linemen last season, and indi
cations are for even a better year this
season.
Shipkey is a veritable stone wall 011
the defense. Plays by opponents have
a marked habit of stopping abruptly as
soon as they get within range.
Neill, who has been alternated as
guard and tackle, should see a great
deal of action next fall, although he is
very light. His weight, however, is not
in the same class with his fight, as he
has more of the latter than a larger man.
Thornhill used him last season to plug
in spots that were beginning to weaken
under the opposing team's hammering,
and he was a marked success at this.
Armour and Potts are two big fellows
that graduated from the 1926 freshman
eleven. Both need a little more experi
ence, and will probably get some of it,
Raffetto is about the best of the present
freshman tackles, with the exception of
Swan.
When the Stanford varsity football
eleven goes into action next fall, the
tackle positions will be in the hands of
two veterans and capable players. Ship
key and Johnston will hold down the
positions for the third consecutive sea
son, having started together when sopho
mores,
Charles "Chuck" Johnston was handi
capped last season by injuries. How
ever, he should come through in great
fashion this year. Johnston is not only
fast, but always manages to keep 011 his
feet, a valuable asset when it comes to
breaking up the opponent's plays. This
versatile tackle has a habit of breaking
through and nailing the runner in his
tracks several times during a game. He
is rarely if ever forced out of a play.
As a good football player should be,
Johnston's athletic talents do not stop
with the gridiron. At present he is
playing 011 the baseball varsity, alter
nating between catching and left field.
Shipkey, Johnston's running mate, is
another example of a football man in
other sports. When not on the football
field, Shipkey spends his time 011 the
basketball floor.
Harry Shipkey needs no introduction
to Card fans. He was one of the out
standing linemen last season, and indi
cations are for even a better year this
season.
Shipkey is a veritable stone wall 011
the defense. Plays by opponents have
a marked habit of stopping abruptly as
soon as they get within range.
Neill, who has been alternated as
guard and tackle, should see a great
deal of action next fall, although he is
very light. His weight, however, is not
in the same class with his fight, as he
has more of the latter than a larger man.
Thornhill used him last season to plug
in spots that were beginning to weaken
under the opposing team's hammering,
and he was a marked success at this.
Armour and Potts are two big fellows
that graduated from the 1926 freshman
eleven. Both need a little more experi
ence, and will probably get some of it,
Raffetto is about the best of the present
freshman tackles, with the exception of
Swan.
When the Stanford varsity football
eleven goes into action next fall, the
tackle positions will be in the hands of
two veterans and capable players. Ship
key and Johnston will hold down the
positions for the third consecutive sea
son, having started together when sopho
mores,
Charles "Chuck" Johnston was handi
capped last season by injuries. How
ever, he should come through in great
fashion this year. Johnston is not only
fast, but always manages to keep 011 his
feet, a valuable asset when it comes to
breaking up the opponent's plays. This
versatile tackle has a habit of breaking
through and nailing the runner in his
tracks several times during a game. He
is rarely if ever forced out of a play.
As a good football player should be,
Johnston's athletic talents do not stop
with the gridiron. At present he is
playing 011 the baseball varsity, alter
nating between catching and left field.
Shipkey, Johnston's running mate, is
another example of a football man in
other sports. When not on the football
field, Shipkey spends his time 011 the
basketball floor.
Harry Shipkey needs no introduction
to Card fans. He was one of the out
standing linemen last season, and indi
cations are for even a better year this
season.
Shipkey is a veritable stone wall 011
the defense. Plays by opponents have
a marked habit of stopping abruptly as
soon as they get within range.
Neill, who has been alternated as
guard and tackle, should see a great
deal of action next fall, although he is
very light. His weight, however, is not
in the same class with his fight, as he
has more of the latter than a larger man.
Thornhill used him last season to plug
in spots that were beginning to weaken
under the opposing team's hammering,
and he was a marked success at this.
Armour and Potts are two big fellows
that graduated from the 1926 freshman
eleven. Both need a little more experi
ence, and will probably get some of it,
Raffetto is about the best of the present
freshman tackles, with the exception of
Swan.
When the Stanford varsity football
eleven goes into action next fall, the
tackle positions will be in the hands of
two veterans and capable players. Ship
key and Johnston will hold down the
positions for the third consecutive sea
son, having started together when sopho
mores,
Charles "Chuck" Johnston was handi
capped last season by injuries. How
ever, he should come through in great
fashion this year. Johnston is not only
fast, but always manages to keep 011 his
feet, a valuable asset when it comes to
breaking up the opponent's plays. This
versatile tackle has a habit of breaking
through and nailing the runner in his
tracks several times during a game. He
is rarely if ever forced out of a play.
As a good football player should be,
Johnston's athletic talents do not stop
with the gridiron. At present he is
playing 011 the baseball varsity, alter
nating between catching and left field.
Shipkey, Johnston's running mate, is
another example of a football man in
other sports. When not on the football
field, Shipkey spends his time 011 the
basketball floor.
Harry Shipkey needs no introduction
to Card fans. He was one of the out
standing linemen last season, and indi
cations are for even a better year this
season.
Shipkey is a veritable stone wall 011
the defense. Plays by opponents have
a marked habit of stopping abruptly as
soon as they get within range.
Neill, who has been alternated as
guard and tackle, should see a great
deal of action next fall, although he is
very light. His weight, however, is not
in the same class with his fight, as he
has more of the latter than a larger man.
Thornhill used him last season to plug
in spots that were beginning to weaken
under the opposing team's hammering,
and he was a marked success at this.
Armour and Potts are two big fellows
that graduated from the 1926 freshman
eleven. Both need a little more experi
ence, and will probably get some of it,
Raffetto is about the best of the present
freshman tackles, with the exception of
Swan.
When the Stanford varsity football
eleven goes into action next fall, the
tackle positions will be in the hands of
two veterans and capable players. Ship
key and Johnston will hold down the
positions for the third consecutive sea
son, having started together when sopho
mores,
Charles "Chuck" Johnston was handi
capped last season by injuries. How
ever, he should come through in great
fashion this year. Johnston is not only
fast, but always manages to keep 011 his
feet, a valuable asset when it comes to
breaking up the opponent's plays. This
versatile tackle has a habit of breaking
through and nailing the runner in his
tracks several times during a game. He
is rarely if ever forced out of a play.
As a good football player should be,
Johnston's athletic talents do not stop
with the gridiron. At present he is
playing 011 the baseball varsity, alter
nating between catching and left field.
Shipkey, Johnston's running mate, is
another example of a football man in
other sports. When not on the football
field, Shipkey spends his time 011 the
basketball floor.
Harry Shipkey needs no introduction
to Card fans. He was one of the out
standing linemen last season, and indi
cations are for even a better year this
season.
Shipkey is a veritable stone wall 011
the defense. Plays by opponents have
a marked habit of stopping abruptly as
soon as they get within range.
Neill, who has been alternated as
guard and tackle, should see a great
deal of action next fall, although he is
very light. His weight, however, is not
in the same class with his fight, as he
has more of the latter than a larger man.
Thornhill used him last season to plug
in spots that were beginning to weaken
under the opposing team's hammering,
and he was a marked success at this.
Armour and Potts are two big fellows
that graduated from the 1926 freshman
eleven. Both need a little more experi
ence, and will probably get some of it,
Raffetto is about the best of the present
freshman tackles, with the exception of
Swan.
When the Stanford varsity football
eleven goes into action next fall, the
tackle positions will be in the hands of
two veterans and capable players. Ship
key and Johnston will hold down the
positions for the third consecutive sea
son, having started together when sopho
mores,
Charles "Chuck" Johnston was handi
capped last season by injuries. How
ever, he should come through in great
fashion this year. Johnston is not only
fast, but always manages to keep 011 his
feet, a valuable asset when it comes to
breaking up the opponent's plays. This
versatile tackle has a habit of breaking
through and nailing the runner in his
tracks several times during a game. He
is rarely if ever forced out of a play.
As a good football player should be,
Johnston's athletic talents do not stop
with the gridiron. At present he is
playing 011 the baseball varsity, alter
nating between catching and left field.
Shipkey, Johnston's running mate, is
another example of a football man in
other sports. When not on the football
field, Shipkey spends his time 011 the
basketball floor.
Harry Shipkey needs no introduction
to Card fans. He was one of the out
standing linemen last season, and indi
cations are for even a better year this
season.
Shipkey is a veritable stone wall 011
the defense. Plays by opponents have
a marked habit of stopping abruptly as
soon as they get within range.
Neill, who has been alternated as
guard and tackle, should see a great
deal of action next fall, although he is
very light. His weight, however, is not
in the same class with his fight, as he
has more of the latter than a larger man.
Thornhill used him last season to plug
in spots that were beginning to weaken
under the opposing team's hammering,
and he was a marked success at this.
Armour and Potts are two big fellows
that graduated from the 1926 freshman
eleven. Both need a little more experi
ence, and will probably get some of it,
Raffetto is about the best of the present
freshman tackles, with the exception of
Swan.
When the Stanford varsity football
eleven goes into action next fall, the
tackle positions will be in the hands of
two veterans and capable players. Ship
key and Johnston will hold down the
positions for the third consecutive sea
son, having started together when sopho
mores,
Charles "Chuck" Johnston was handi
capped last season by injuries. How
ever, he should come through in great
fashion this year. Johnston is not only
fast, but always manages to keep 011 his
feet, a valuable asset when it comes to
breaking up the opponent's plays. This
versatile tackle has a habit of breaking
through and nailing the runner in his
tracks several times during a game. He
is rarely if ever forced out of a play.
As a good football player should be,
Johnston's athletic talents do not stop
with the gridiron. At present he is
playing 011 the baseball varsity, alter
nating between catching and left field.
Shipkey, Johnston's running mate, is
another example of a football man in
other sports. When not on the football
field, Shipkey spends his time 011 the
basketball floor.
Harry Shipkey needs no introduction
to Card fans. He was one of the out
standing linemen last season, and indi
cations are for even a better year this
season.
Shipkey is a veritable stone wall 011
the defense. Plays by opponents have
a marked habit of stopping abruptly as
soon as they get within range.
Neill, who has been alternated as
guard and tackle, should see a great
deal of action next fall, although he is
very light. His weight, however, is not
in the same class with his fight, as he
has more of the latter than a larger man.
Thornhill used him last season to plug
in spots that were beginning to weaken
under the opposing team's hammering,
and he was a marked success at this.
Armour and Potts are two big fellows
that graduated from the 1926 freshman
eleven. Both need a little more experi
ence, and will probably get some of it,
Raffetto is about the best of the present
freshman tackles, with the exception of
Swan.
When the Stanford varsity football
eleven goes into action next fall, the
tackle positions will be in the hands of
two veterans and capable players. Ship
key and Johnston will hold down the
positions for the third consecutive sea
son, having started together when sopho
mores,
Charles "Chuck" Johnston was handi
capped last season by injuries. How
ever, he should come through in great
fashion this year. Johnston is not only
fast, but always manages to keep 011 his
feet, a valuable asset when it comes to
breaking up the opponent's plays. This
versatile tackle has a habit of breaking
through and nailing the runner in his
tracks several times during a game. He
is rarely if ever forced out of a play.
As a good football player should be,
Johnston's athletic talents do not stop
with the gridiron. At present he is
playing 011 the baseball varsity, alter
nating between catching and left field.
Shipkey, Johnston's running mate, is
another example of a football man in
other sports. When not on the football
field, Shipkey spends his time 011 the
basketball floor.
Harry Shipkey needs no introduction
to Card fans. He was one of the out
standing linemen last season, and indi
cations are for even a better year this
season.
Shipkey is a veritable stone wall 011
the defense. Plays by opponents have
a marked habit of stopping abruptly as
soon as they get within range.
Neill, who has been alternated as
guard and tackle, should see a great
deal of action next fall, although he is
very light. His weight, however, is not
in the same class with his fight, as he
has more of the latter than a larger man.
Thornhill used him last season to plug
in spots that were beginning to weaken
under the opposing team's hammering,
and he was a marked success at this.
Armour and Potts are two big fellows
that graduated from the 1926 freshman
eleven. Both need a little more experi
ence, and will probably get some of it,
Raffetto is about the best of the present
freshman tackles, with the exception of
Swan.
When the Stanford varsity football
eleven goes into action next fall, the
tackle positions will be in the hands of
two veterans and capable players. Ship
key and Johnston will hold down the
positions for the third consecutive sea
son, having started together when sopho
mores,
Charles "Chuck" Johnston was handi
capped last season by injuries. How
ever, he should come through in great
fashion this year. Johnston is not only
fast, but always manages to keep 011 his
feet, a valuable asset when it comes to
breaking up the opponent's plays. This
versatile tackle has a habit of breaking
through and nailing the runner in his
tracks several times during a game. He
is rarely if ever forced out of a play.
As a good football player should be,
Johnston's athletic talents do not stop
with the gridiron. At present he is
playing 011 the baseball varsity, alter
nating between catching and left field.
Shipkey, Johnston's running mate, is
another example of a football man in
other sports. When not on the football
field, Shipkey spends his time 011 the
basketball floor.
Harry Shipkey needs no introduction
to Card fans. He was one of the out
standing linemen last season, and indi
cations are for even a better year this
season.
Shipkey is a veritable stone wall 011
the defense. Plays by opponents have
a marked habit of stopping abruptly as
soon as they get within range.
Neill, who has been alternated as
guard and tackle, should see a great
deal of action next fall, although he is
very light. His weight, however, is not
in the same class with his fight, as he
has more of the latter than a larger man.
Thornhill used him last season to plug
in spots that were beginning to weaken
under the opposing team's hammering,
and he was a marked success at this.
Armour and Potts are two big fellows
that graduated from the 1926 freshman
eleven. Both need a little more experi
ence, and will probably get some of it,
Raffetto is about the best of the present
freshman tackles, with the exception of
Swan.
When the Stanford varsity football
eleven goes into action next fall, the
tackle positions will be in the hands of
two veterans and capable players. Ship
key and Johnston will hold down the
positions for the third consecutive sea
son, having started together when sopho
mores,
Charles "Chuck" Johnston was handi
capped last season by injuries. How
ever, he should come through in great
fashion this year. Johnston is not only
fast, but always manages to keep 011 his
feet, a valuable asset when it comes to
breaking up the opponent's plays. This
versatile tackle has a habit of breaking
through and nailing the runner in his
tracks several times during a game. He
is rarely if ever forced out of a play.
As a good football player should be,
Johnston's athletic talents do not stop
with the gridiron. At present he is
playing 011 the baseball varsity, alter
nating between catching and left field.
Shipkey, Johnston's running mate, is
another example of a football man in
other sports. When not on the football
field, Shipkey spends his time 011 the
basketball floor.
Harry Shipkey needs no introduction
to Card fans. He was one of the out
standing linemen last season, and indi
cations are for even a better year this
season.
Shipkey is a veritable stone wall 011
the defense. Plays by opponents have
a marked habit of stopping abruptly as
soon as they get within range.
Neill, who has been alternated as
guard and tackle, should see a great
deal of action next fall, although he is
very light. His weight, however, is not
in the same class with his fight, as he
has more of the latter than a larger man.
Thornhill used him last season to plug
in spots that were beginning to weaken
under the opposing team's hammering,
and he was a marked success at this.
Armour and Potts are two big fellows
that graduated from the 1926 freshman
eleven. Both need a little more experi
ence, and will probably get some of it,
Raffetto is about the best of the present
freshman tackles, with the exception of
Swan.
When the Stanford varsity football
eleven goes into action next fall, the
tackle positions will be in the hands of
two veterans and capable players. Ship
key and Johnston will hold down the
positions for the third consecutive sea
son, having started together when sopho
mores,
Charles "Chuck" Johnston was handi
capped last season by injuries. How
ever, he should come through in great
fashion this year. Johnston is not only
fast, but always manages to keep 011 his
feet, a valuable asset when it comes to
breaking up the opponent's plays. This
versatile tackle has a habit of breaking
through and nailing the runner in his
tracks several times during a game. He
is rarely if ever forced out of a play.
As a good football player should be,
Johnston's athletic talents do not stop
with the gridiron. At present he is
playing 011 the baseball varsity, alter
nating between catching and left field.
Shipkey, Johnston's running mate, is
another example of a football man in
other sports. When not on the football
field, Shipkey spends his time 011 the
basketball floor.
Harry Shipkey needs no introduction
to Card fans. He was one of the out
standing linemen last season, and indi
cations are for even a better year this
season.
Shipkey is a veritable stone wall 011
the defense. Plays by opponents have
a marked habit of stopping abruptly as
soon as they get within range.
Neill, who has been alternated as
guard and tackle, should see a great
deal of action next fall, although he is
very light. His weight, however, is not
in the same class with his fight, as he
has more of the latter than a larger man.
Thornhill used him last season to plug
in spots that were beginning to weaken
under the opposing team's hammering,
and he was a marked success at this.
Armour and Potts are two big fellows
that graduated from the 1926 freshman
eleven. Both need a little more experi
ence, and will probably get some of it,
Raffetto is about the best of the present
freshman tackles, with the exception of
Swan.
When the Stanford varsity football
eleven goes into action next fall, the
tackle positions will be in the hands of
two veterans and capable players. Ship
key and Johnston will hold down the
positions for the third consecutive sea
son, having started together when sopho
mores,
Charles "Chuck" Johnston was handi
capped last season by injuries. How
ever, he should come through in great
fashion this year. Johnston is not only
fast, but always manages to keep 011 his
feet, a valuable asset when it comes to
breaking up the opponent's plays. This
versatile tackle has a habit of breaking
through and nailing the runner in his
tracks several times during a game. He
is rarely if ever forced out of a play.
As a good football player should be,
Johnston's athletic talents do not stop
with the gridiron. At present he is
playing 011 the baseball varsity, alter
nating between catching and left field.
Shipkey, Johnston's running mate, is
another example of a football man in
other sports. When not on the football
field, Shipkey spends his time 011 the
basketball floor.
Harry Shipkey needs no introduction
to Card fans. He was one of the out
standing linemen last season, and indi
cations are for even a better year this
season.
Shipkey is a veritable stone wall 011
the defense. Plays by opponents have
a marked habit of stopping abruptly as
soon as they get within range.
Neill, who has been alternated as
guard and tackle, should see a great
deal of action next fall, although he is
very light. His weight, however, is not
in the same class with his fight, as he
has more of the latter than a larger man.
Thornhill used him last season to plug
in spots that were beginning to weaken
under the opposing team's hammering,
and he was a marked success at this.
Armour and Potts are two big fellows
that graduated from the 1926 freshman
eleven. Both need a little more experi
ence, and will probably get some of it,
Raffetto is about the best of the present
freshman tackles, with the exception of
Swan.
When the Stanford varsity football
eleven goes into action next fall, the
tackle positions will be in the hands of
two veterans and capable players. Ship
key and Johnston will hold down the
positions for the third consecutive sea
son, having started together when sopho
mores,
Charles "Chuck" Johnston was handi
capped last season by injuries. How
ever, he should come through in great
fashion this year. Johnston is not only
fast, but always manages to keep 011 his
feet, a valuable asset when it comes to
breaking up the opponent's plays. This
versatile tackle has a habit of breaking
through and nailing the runner in his
tracks several times during a game. He
is rarely if ever forced out of a play.
As a good football player should be,
Johnston's athletic talents do not stop
with the gridiron. At present he is
playing 011 the baseball varsity, alter
nating between catching and left field.
Shipkey, Johnston's running mate, is
another example of a football man in
other sports. When not on the football
field, Shipkey spends his time 011 the
basketball floor.
Harry Shipkey needs no introduction
to Card fans. He was one of the out
standing linemen last season, and indi
cations are for even a better year this
season.
Shipkey is a veritable stone wall 011
the defense. Plays by opponents have
a marked habit of stopping abruptly as
soon as they get within range.
Neill, who has been alternated as
guard and tackle, should see a great
deal of action next fall, although he is
very light. His weight, however, is not
in the same class with his fight, as he
has more of the latter than a larger man.
Thornhill used him last season to plug
in spots that were beginning to weaken
under the opposing team's hammering,
and he was a marked success at this.
Armour and Potts are two big fellows
that graduated from the 1926 freshman
eleven. Both need a little more experi
ence, and will probably get some of it,
Raffetto is about the best of the present
freshman tackles, with the exception of
Swan.
When the Stanford varsity football
eleven goes into action next fall, the
tackle positions will be in the hands of
two veterans and capable players. Ship
key and Johnston will hold down the
positions for the third consecutive sea
son, having started together when sopho
mores,
Charles "Chuck" Johnston was handi
capped last season by injuries. How
ever, he should come through in great
fashion this year. Johnston is not only
fast, but always manages to keep 011 his
feet, a valuable asset when it comes to
breaking up the opponent's plays. This
versatile tackle has a habit of breaking
through and nailing the runner in his
tracks several times during a game. He
is rarely if ever forced out of a play.
As a good football player should be,
Johnston's athletic talents do not stop
with the gridiron. At present he is
playing 011 the baseball varsity, alter
nating between catching and left field.
Shipkey, Johnston's running mate, is
another example of a football man in
other sports. When not on the football
field, Shipkey spends his time 011 the
basketball floor.
Harry Shipkey needs no introduction
to Card fans. He was one of the out
standing linemen last season, and indi
cations are for even a better year this
season.
Shipkey is a veritable stone wall 011
the defense. Plays by opponents have
a marked habit of stopping abruptly as
soon as they get within range.
Neill, who has been alternated as
guard and tackle, should see a great
deal of action next fall, although he is
very light. His weight, however, is not
in the same class with his fight, as he
has more of the latter than a larger man.
Thornhill used him last season to plug
in spots that were beginning to weaken
under the opposing team's hammering,
and he was a marked success at this.
Armour and Potts are two big fellows
that graduated from the 1926 freshman
eleven. Both need a little more experi
ence, and will probably get some of it,
Raffetto is about the best of the present
freshman tackles, with the exception of
Swan.
