# Adv. 21 Page 5
## 
### 
MICHELIN X TIRES
• Doublet your
• Better traction
in RAIN or
— hlflh ipeedi
• Savet engine
MENLO TIRE SERVICE
828 El Camino Real
Menlo Park 323-0119
'<*■ y f ""I
I
WW-.
I \ W/j ■ ~
* Y\'
# fj ]"
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They have
shopped and compared and
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher -
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til f>
MICHELIN X TIRES
• Doublet your
• Better traction
in RAIN or
— hlflh ipeedi
• Savet engine
MENLO TIRE SERVICE
828 El Camino Real
Menlo Park 323-0119
'<*■ y f ""I
I
WW-.
I \ W/j ■ ~
* Y\'
# fj ]"
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They have
shopped and compared and
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher -
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til f>
MICHELIN X TIRES
• Doublet your
• Better traction
in RAIN or
— hlflh ipeedi
• Savet engine
MENLO TIRE SERVICE
828 El Camino Real
Menlo Park 323-0119
'<*■ y f ""I
I
WW-.
I \ W/j ■ ~
* Y\'
# fj ]"
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They have
shopped and compared and
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher -
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til f>
MICHELIN X TIRES
• Doublet your
• Better traction
in RAIN or
— hlflh ipeedi
• Savet engine
MENLO TIRE SERVICE
828 El Camino Real
Menlo Park 323-0119
'<*■ y f ""I
I
WW-.
I \ W/j ■ ~
* Y\'
# fj ]"
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They have
shopped and compared and
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher -
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til f>
MICHELIN X TIRES
• Doublet your
• Better traction
in RAIN or
— hlflh ipeedi
• Savet engine
MENLO TIRE SERVICE
828 El Camino Real
Menlo Park 323-0119
'<*■ y f ""I
I
WW-.
I \ W/j ■ ~
* Y\'
# fj ]"
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They have
shopped and compared and
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher -
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til f>
MICHELIN X TIRES
• Doublet your
• Better traction
in RAIN or
— hlflh ipeedi
• Savet engine
MENLO TIRE SERVICE
828 El Camino Real
Menlo Park 323-0119
'<*■ y f ""I
I
WW-.
I \ W/j ■ ~
* Y\'
# fj ]"
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They have
shopped and compared and
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher -
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til f>
MICHELIN X TIRES
• Doublet your
• Better traction
in RAIN or
— hlflh ipeedi
• Savet engine
MENLO TIRE SERVICE
828 El Camino Real
Menlo Park 323-0119
'<*■ y f ""I
I
WW-.
I \ W/j ■ ~
* Y\'
# fj ]"
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They have
shopped and compared and
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher -
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til f>
MICHELIN X TIRES
• Doublet your
• Better traction
in RAIN or
— hlflh ipeedi
• Savet engine
MENLO TIRE SERVICE
828 El Camino Real
Menlo Park 323-0119
'<*■ y f ""I
I
WW-.
I \ W/j ■ ~
* Y\'
# fj ]"
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They have
shopped and compared and
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher -
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til f>
MICHELIN X TIRES
• Doublet your
• Better traction
in RAIN or
— hlflh ipeedi
• Savet engine
MENLO TIRE SERVICE
828 El Camino Real
Menlo Park 323-0119
'<*■ y f ""I
I
WW-.
I \ W/j ■ ~
* Y\'
# fj ]"
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They have
shopped and compared and
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher -
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til f>
MICHELIN X TIRES
• Doublet your
• Better traction
in RAIN or
— hlflh ipeedi
• Savet engine
MENLO TIRE SERVICE
828 El Camino Real
Menlo Park 323-0119
'<*■ y f ""I
I
WW-.
I \ W/j ■ ~
* Y\'
# fj ]"
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They have
shopped and compared and
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher -
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til f>
MICHELIN X TIRES
• Doublet your
• Better traction
in RAIN or
— hlflh ipeedi
• Savet engine
MENLO TIRE SERVICE
828 El Camino Real
Menlo Park 323-0119
'<*■ y f ""I
I
WW-.
I \ W/j ■ ~
* Y\'
# fj ]"
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They have
shopped and compared and
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher -
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til f>
MICHELIN X TIRES
• Doublet your
• Better traction
in RAIN or
— hlflh ipeedi
• Savet engine
MENLO TIRE SERVICE
828 El Camino Real
Menlo Park 323-0119
'<*■ y f ""I
I
WW-.
I \ W/j ■ ~
* Y\'
# fj ]"
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They have
shopped and compared and
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher -
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til f>
MICHELIN X TIRES
• Doublet your
• Better traction
in RAIN or
— hlflh ipeedi
• Savet engine
MENLO TIRE SERVICE
828 El Camino Real
Menlo Park 323-0119
'<*■ y f ""I
I
WW-.
I \ W/j ■ ~
* Y\'
# fj ]"
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They have
shopped and compared and
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher -
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til f>
MICHELIN X TIRES
• Doublet your
• Better traction
in RAIN or
— hlflh ipeedi
• Savet engine
MENLO TIRE SERVICE
828 El Camino Real
Menlo Park 323-0119
'<*■ y f ""I
I
WW-.
I \ W/j ■ ~
* Y\'
# fj ]"
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They have
shopped and compared and
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher -
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til f>
MICHELIN X TIRES
• Doublet your
• Better traction
in RAIN or
— hlflh ipeedi
• Savet engine
MENLO TIRE SERVICE
828 El Camino Real
Menlo Park 323-0119
'<*■ y f ""I
I
WW-.
I \ W/j ■ ~
* Y\'
# fj ]"
More
Couples
com* to
Carlyle Jewelers
for their
Diamond Rings
Because: They have
shopped and compared and
have found that Carlylc's
prices are never higher -
and in most instances are
substantially lower than
prices elsewhere — for the
same quality diamonds.
Solitaire Diamonds
from $100.00
STANFORD STUDENTS
SAVE 20%
Carlyle
Jewelers
535 Bryant Street
Downtown Palo Alto
Shop Thursday night 'til f>
