# Donner To Offer Guide To Spying
## 
### 
Frank Donner, attorney for
the International Electrical
Workers Union, will speak on
"The Intelligent Student's Guide
to Spying and Surveillance on
Campus," today at 4 p.m. in
Dinkelspiel. Dave Harris will in
troduce him.
Mr. Donner will give a second
speech, "What's Public Infor
mation? A Discussion of Future
University Policies," Thursday
at 4 p.m. in the TMU large
lounge. The Experiment, SCPV,
the Political Union, and Stan
ford Committee for a Free Uni
versity, and the law forum will
sponsor his visit.
In the recent HUAC hearing,
Donner represented Stu Mc√üae
and Anatole Anton. He also won
Supreme Court decisions against
HUAC contempt of Congress
citations. His writings include
the Unamerieans, a book about
HUAC and the question of con
stitutional mandate, published
in the early 60's, and several
articles for The Nation and
Ramparts.
