# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A orchlight rally for the freshman
eleven that fought its way to victory
down at U. S. C. will be held at 6:45
tonight. Coach "Husky" Hunt, Cap
tain Fred Solomon, and the Babe
team will await the arrival of the stu
dent body at the Zeta Psi house,
where red flares will be set off.
Lines coming down the row, from
Sequoia, and Encina will meet in
front of the Union and be led up to
wards the lake by Yell Leader Min
sk}-.
Varsity Captain Dud DeGroot is to
start the parade of rooters from the
Sigma Nu house down the row. De-
Groot has requested all organizations
to put off meetings for the rally.
California is the next team to line
up against Hunt's unbeaten eleven.
Tonight's rally will pledge noisy sup
port to the Cardinal Babes on their
invasion of the Berkeley campus on
Saturday.
