# Masquers Will Report on Plays for Next Winter
## 
### 
Members of the Masquers' Society will
report on the plays read during the past
two weeks tomorrow at 5 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi House. They expect to select
soon the play to be put on in the winter.
Members of the Masquers' Society will
report on the plays read during the past
two weeks tomorrow at 5 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi House. They expect to select
soon the play to be put on in the winter.
Members of the Masquers' Society will
report on the plays read during the past
two weeks tomorrow at 5 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi House. They expect to select
soon the play to be put on in the winter.
Members of the Masquers' Society will
report on the plays read during the past
two weeks tomorrow at 5 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi House. They expect to select
soon the play to be put on in the winter.
Members of the Masquers' Society will
report on the plays read during the past
two weeks tomorrow at 5 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi House. They expect to select
soon the play to be put on in the winter.
Members of the Masquers' Society will
report on the plays read during the past
two weeks tomorrow at 5 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi House. They expect to select
soon the play to be put on in the winter.
Members of the Masquers' Society will
report on the plays read during the past
two weeks tomorrow at 5 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi House. They expect to select
soon the play to be put on in the winter.
Members of the Masquers' Society will
report on the plays read during the past
two weeks tomorrow at 5 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi House. They expect to select
soon the play to be put on in the winter.
Members of the Masquers' Society will
report on the plays read during the past
two weeks tomorrow at 5 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi House. They expect to select
soon the play to be put on in the winter.
Members of the Masquers' Society will
report on the plays read during the past
two weeks tomorrow at 5 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi House. They expect to select
soon the play to be put on in the winter.
Members of the Masquers' Society will
report on the plays read during the past
two weeks tomorrow at 5 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi House. They expect to select
soon the play to be put on in the winter.
Members of the Masquers' Society will
report on the plays read during the past
two weeks tomorrow at 5 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi House. They expect to select
soon the play to be put on in the winter.
Members of the Masquers' Society will
report on the plays read during the past
two weeks tomorrow at 5 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi House. They expect to select
soon the play to be put on in the winter.
Members of the Masquers' Society will
report on the plays read during the past
two weeks tomorrow at 5 o'clock at the
Alpha Phi House. They expect to select
soon the play to be put on in the winter.
