# Professor Kellogg Writes For the Atlantic Monthly
## 
### 
"Patriotism and Food" is the titlo of
an article by Professor Vernon Lyman
Kellogg in the November Atlantic
Monthly. This is the third of a series
of papers relating to the war written
by Professor Kellogg for the Atlantic
recently, the others having dealt with
his experiences in Belgium.
"Patriotism and Food" is the titlo of
an article by Professor Vernon Lyman
Kellogg in the November Atlantic
Monthly. This is the third of a series
of papers relating to the war written
by Professor Kellogg for the Atlantic
recently, the others having dealt with
his experiences in Belgium.
"Patriotism and Food" is the titlo of
an article by Professor Vernon Lyman
Kellogg in the November Atlantic
Monthly. This is the third of a series
of papers relating to the war written
by Professor Kellogg for the Atlantic
recently, the others having dealt with
his experiences in Belgium.
"Patriotism and Food" is the titlo of
an article by Professor Vernon Lyman
Kellogg in the November Atlantic
Monthly. This is the third of a series
of papers relating to the war written
by Professor Kellogg for the Atlantic
recently, the others having dealt with
his experiences in Belgium.
"Patriotism and Food" is the titlo of
an article by Professor Vernon Lyman
Kellogg in the November Atlantic
Monthly. This is the third of a series
of papers relating to the war written
by Professor Kellogg for the Atlantic
recently, the others having dealt with
his experiences in Belgium.
"Patriotism and Food" is the titlo of
an article by Professor Vernon Lyman
Kellogg in the November Atlantic
Monthly. This is the third of a series
of papers relating to the war written
by Professor Kellogg for the Atlantic
recently, the others having dealt with
his experiences in Belgium.
"Patriotism and Food" is the titlo of
an article by Professor Vernon Lyman
Kellogg in the November Atlantic
Monthly. This is the third of a series
of papers relating to the war written
by Professor Kellogg for the Atlantic
recently, the others having dealt with
his experiences in Belgium.
"Patriotism and Food" is the titlo of
an article by Professor Vernon Lyman
Kellogg in the November Atlantic
Monthly. This is the third of a series
of papers relating to the war written
by Professor Kellogg for the Atlantic
recently, the others having dealt with
his experiences in Belgium.
"Patriotism and Food" is the titlo of
an article by Professor Vernon Lyman
Kellogg in the November Atlantic
Monthly. This is the third of a series
of papers relating to the war written
by Professor Kellogg for the Atlantic
recently, the others having dealt with
his experiences in Belgium.
"Patriotism and Food" is the titlo of
an article by Professor Vernon Lyman
Kellogg in the November Atlantic
Monthly. This is the third of a series
of papers relating to the war written
by Professor Kellogg for the Atlantic
recently, the others having dealt with
his experiences in Belgium.
"Patriotism and Food" is the titlo of
an article by Professor Vernon Lyman
Kellogg in the November Atlantic
Monthly. This is the third of a series
of papers relating to the war written
by Professor Kellogg for the Atlantic
recently, the others having dealt with
his experiences in Belgium.
"Patriotism and Food" is the titlo of
an article by Professor Vernon Lyman
Kellogg in the November Atlantic
Monthly. This is the third of a series
of papers relating to the war written
by Professor Kellogg for the Atlantic
recently, the others having dealt with
his experiences in Belgium.
"Patriotism and Food" is the titlo of
an article by Professor Vernon Lyman
Kellogg in the November Atlantic
Monthly. This is the third of a series
of papers relating to the war written
by Professor Kellogg for the Atlantic
recently, the others having dealt with
his experiences in Belgium.
"Patriotism and Food" is the titlo of
an article by Professor Vernon Lyman
Kellogg in the November Atlantic
Monthly. This is the third of a series
of papers relating to the war written
by Professor Kellogg for the Atlantic
recently, the others having dealt with
his experiences in Belgium.
"Patriotism and Food" is the titlo of
an article by Professor Vernon Lyman
Kellogg in the November Atlantic
Monthly. This is the third of a series
of papers relating to the war written
by Professor Kellogg for the Atlantic
recently, the others having dealt with
his experiences in Belgium.
