# Ichihashi will Speak to Nestorians Wednesday
## 
### 
Professor Y. Ichihashi will lecture
to Nestoria Debating Society, Wednes
day evening, on "Traditions of Nes
toria." Following the lecture, the
members of the society will debate on
the question. "Resolved, That the
Allies. Being Victorious, Should Dic
tate Their Peace Terms Rather Than
Have Them Formulated by a Peace
Conference."
A dinner will follow the debate.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will lecture
to Nestoria Debating Society, Wednes
day evening, on "Traditions of Nes
toria." Following the lecture, the
members of the society will debate on
the question. "Resolved, That the
Allies. Being Victorious, Should Dic
tate Their Peace Terms Rather Than
Have Them Formulated by a Peace
Conference."
A dinner will follow the debate.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will lecture
to Nestoria Debating Society, Wednes
day evening, on "Traditions of Nes
toria." Following the lecture, the
members of the society will debate on
the question. "Resolved, That the
Allies. Being Victorious, Should Dic
tate Their Peace Terms Rather Than
Have Them Formulated by a Peace
Conference."
A dinner will follow the debate.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will lecture
to Nestoria Debating Society, Wednes
day evening, on "Traditions of Nes
toria." Following the lecture, the
members of the society will debate on
the question. "Resolved, That the
Allies. Being Victorious, Should Dic
tate Their Peace Terms Rather Than
Have Them Formulated by a Peace
Conference."
A dinner will follow the debate.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will lecture
to Nestoria Debating Society, Wednes
day evening, on "Traditions of Nes
toria." Following the lecture, the
members of the society will debate on
the question. "Resolved, That the
Allies. Being Victorious, Should Dic
tate Their Peace Terms Rather Than
Have Them Formulated by a Peace
Conference."
A dinner will follow the debate.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will lecture
to Nestoria Debating Society, Wednes
day evening, on "Traditions of Nes
toria." Following the lecture, the
members of the society will debate on
the question. "Resolved, That the
Allies. Being Victorious, Should Dic
tate Their Peace Terms Rather Than
Have Them Formulated by a Peace
Conference."
A dinner will follow the debate.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will lecture
to Nestoria Debating Society, Wednes
day evening, on "Traditions of Nes
toria." Following the lecture, the
members of the society will debate on
the question. "Resolved, That the
Allies. Being Victorious, Should Dic
tate Their Peace Terms Rather Than
Have Them Formulated by a Peace
Conference."
A dinner will follow the debate.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will lecture
to Nestoria Debating Society, Wednes
day evening, on "Traditions of Nes
toria." Following the lecture, the
members of the society will debate on
the question. "Resolved, That the
Allies. Being Victorious, Should Dic
tate Their Peace Terms Rather Than
Have Them Formulated by a Peace
Conference."
A dinner will follow the debate.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will lecture
to Nestoria Debating Society, Wednes
day evening, on "Traditions of Nes
toria." Following the lecture, the
members of the society will debate on
the question. "Resolved, That the
Allies. Being Victorious, Should Dic
tate Their Peace Terms Rather Than
Have Them Formulated by a Peace
Conference."
A dinner will follow the debate.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will lecture
to Nestoria Debating Society, Wednes
day evening, on "Traditions of Nes
toria." Following the lecture, the
members of the society will debate on
the question. "Resolved, That the
Allies. Being Victorious, Should Dic
tate Their Peace Terms Rather Than
Have Them Formulated by a Peace
Conference."
A dinner will follow the debate.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will lecture
to Nestoria Debating Society, Wednes
day evening, on "Traditions of Nes
toria." Following the lecture, the
members of the society will debate on
the question. "Resolved, That the
Allies. Being Victorious, Should Dic
tate Their Peace Terms Rather Than
Have Them Formulated by a Peace
Conference."
A dinner will follow the debate.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will lecture
to Nestoria Debating Society, Wednes
day evening, on "Traditions of Nes
toria." Following the lecture, the
members of the society will debate on
the question. "Resolved, That the
Allies. Being Victorious, Should Dic
tate Their Peace Terms Rather Than
Have Them Formulated by a Peace
Conference."
A dinner will follow the debate.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will lecture
to Nestoria Debating Society, Wednes
day evening, on "Traditions of Nes
toria." Following the lecture, the
members of the society will debate on
the question. "Resolved, That the
Allies. Being Victorious, Should Dic
tate Their Peace Terms Rather Than
Have Them Formulated by a Peace
Conference."
A dinner will follow the debate.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will lecture
to Nestoria Debating Society, Wednes
day evening, on "Traditions of Nes
toria." Following the lecture, the
members of the society will debate on
the question. "Resolved, That the
Allies. Being Victorious, Should Dic
tate Their Peace Terms Rather Than
Have Them Formulated by a Peace
Conference."
A dinner will follow the debate.
Professor Y. Ichihashi will lecture
to Nestoria Debating Society, Wednes
day evening, on "Traditions of Nes
toria." Following the lecture, the
members of the society will debate on
the question. "Resolved, That the
Allies. Being Victorious, Should Dic
tate Their Peace Terms Rather Than
Have Them Formulated by a Peace
Conference."
A dinner will follow the debate.
