# Jews, Arabs May Compromise
## 
### 
LONDON, Feb. 23 (UP).—lt was
reported reliably last night that
Colonial Secretary Malcolm Mac-
Donald has recommended to the
British Cabinet a compromise solu
tion of the Palestine problem involv
ing Jews and Arabs.
Jews would bo granted political
parity with Arabs and Jewish immi
gration would be limited for a pe
riod of years, after which Jewish
immigration would be fixed by
agreement between the Jews and
Arabs. Three zones would be estab
lished in which the sale of land to
Jews would Ik? prohibited, would be
restricted and would be free.
LONDON, Feb. 23 (UP).—lt was
reported reliably last night that
Colonial Secretary Malcolm Mac-
Donald has recommended to the
British Cabinet a compromise solu
tion of the Palestine problem involv
ing Jews and Arabs.
Jews would bo granted political
parity with Arabs and Jewish immi
gration would be limited for a pe
riod of years, after which Jewish
immigration would be fixed by
agreement between the Jews and
Arabs. Three zones would be estab
lished in which the sale of land to
Jews would Ik? prohibited, would be
restricted and would be free.
LONDON, Feb. 23 (UP).—lt was
reported reliably last night that
Colonial Secretary Malcolm Mac-
Donald has recommended to the
British Cabinet a compromise solu
tion of the Palestine problem involv
ing Jews and Arabs.
Jews would bo granted political
parity with Arabs and Jewish immi
gration would be limited for a pe
riod of years, after which Jewish
immigration would be fixed by
agreement between the Jews and
Arabs. Three zones would be estab
lished in which the sale of land to
Jews would Ik? prohibited, would be
restricted and would be free.
LONDON, Feb. 23 (UP).—lt was
reported reliably last night that
Colonial Secretary Malcolm Mac-
Donald has recommended to the
British Cabinet a compromise solu
tion of the Palestine problem involv
ing Jews and Arabs.
Jews would bo granted political
parity with Arabs and Jewish immi
gration would be limited for a pe
riod of years, after which Jewish
immigration would be fixed by
agreement between the Jews and
Arabs. Three zones would be estab
lished in which the sale of land to
Jews would Ik? prohibited, would be
restricted and would be free.
LONDON, Feb. 23 (UP).—lt was
reported reliably last night that
Colonial Secretary Malcolm Mac-
Donald has recommended to the
British Cabinet a compromise solu
tion of the Palestine problem involv
ing Jews and Arabs.
Jews would bo granted political
parity with Arabs and Jewish immi
gration would be limited for a pe
riod of years, after which Jewish
immigration would be fixed by
agreement between the Jews and
Arabs. Three zones would be estab
lished in which the sale of land to
Jews would Ik? prohibited, would be
restricted and would be free.
LONDON, Feb. 23 (UP).—lt was
reported reliably last night that
Colonial Secretary Malcolm Mac-
Donald has recommended to the
British Cabinet a compromise solu
tion of the Palestine problem involv
ing Jews and Arabs.
Jews would bo granted political
parity with Arabs and Jewish immi
gration would be limited for a pe
riod of years, after which Jewish
immigration would be fixed by
agreement between the Jews and
Arabs. Three zones would be estab
lished in which the sale of land to
Jews would Ik? prohibited, would be
restricted and would be free.
LONDON, Feb. 23 (UP).—lt was
reported reliably last night that
Colonial Secretary Malcolm Mac-
Donald has recommended to the
British Cabinet a compromise solu
tion of the Palestine problem involv
ing Jews and Arabs.
Jews would bo granted political
parity with Arabs and Jewish immi
gration would be limited for a pe
riod of years, after which Jewish
immigration would be fixed by
agreement between the Jews and
Arabs. Three zones would be estab
lished in which the sale of land to
Jews would Ik? prohibited, would be
restricted and would be free.
LONDON, Feb. 23 (UP).—lt was
reported reliably last night that
Colonial Secretary Malcolm Mac-
Donald has recommended to the
British Cabinet a compromise solu
tion of the Palestine problem involv
ing Jews and Arabs.
Jews would bo granted political
parity with Arabs and Jewish immi
gration would be limited for a pe
riod of years, after which Jewish
immigration would be fixed by
agreement between the Jews and
Arabs. Three zones would be estab
lished in which the sale of land to
Jews would Ik? prohibited, would be
restricted and would be free.
LONDON, Feb. 23 (UP).—lt was
reported reliably last night that
Colonial Secretary Malcolm Mac-
Donald has recommended to the
British Cabinet a compromise solu
tion of the Palestine problem involv
ing Jews and Arabs.
Jews would bo granted political
parity with Arabs and Jewish immi
gration would be limited for a pe
riod of years, after which Jewish
immigration would be fixed by
agreement between the Jews and
Arabs. Three zones would be estab
lished in which the sale of land to
Jews would Ik? prohibited, would be
restricted and would be free.
LONDON, Feb. 23 (UP).—lt was
reported reliably last night that
Colonial Secretary Malcolm Mac-
Donald has recommended to the
British Cabinet a compromise solu
tion of the Palestine problem involv
ing Jews and Arabs.
Jews would bo granted political
parity with Arabs and Jewish immi
gration would be limited for a pe
riod of years, after which Jewish
immigration would be fixed by
agreement between the Jews and
Arabs. Three zones would be estab
lished in which the sale of land to
Jews would Ik? prohibited, would be
restricted and would be free.
LONDON, Feb. 23 (UP).—lt was
reported reliably last night that
Colonial Secretary Malcolm Mac-
Donald has recommended to the
British Cabinet a compromise solu
tion of the Palestine problem involv
ing Jews and Arabs.
Jews would bo granted political
parity with Arabs and Jewish immi
gration would be limited for a pe
riod of years, after which Jewish
immigration would be fixed by
agreement between the Jews and
Arabs. Three zones would be estab
lished in which the sale of land to
Jews would Ik? prohibited, would be
restricted and would be free.
LONDON, Feb. 23 (UP).—lt was
reported reliably last night that
Colonial Secretary Malcolm Mac-
Donald has recommended to the
British Cabinet a compromise solu
tion of the Palestine problem involv
ing Jews and Arabs.
Jews would bo granted political
parity with Arabs and Jewish immi
gration would be limited for a pe
riod of years, after which Jewish
immigration would be fixed by
agreement between the Jews and
Arabs. Three zones would be estab
lished in which the sale of land to
Jews would Ik? prohibited, would be
restricted and would be free.
LONDON, Feb. 23 (UP).—lt was
reported reliably last night that
Colonial Secretary Malcolm Mac-
Donald has recommended to the
British Cabinet a compromise solu
tion of the Palestine problem involv
ing Jews and Arabs.
Jews would bo granted political
parity with Arabs and Jewish immi
gration would be limited for a pe
riod of years, after which Jewish
immigration would be fixed by
agreement between the Jews and
Arabs. Three zones would be estab
lished in which the sale of land to
Jews would Ik? prohibited, would be
restricted and would be free.
LONDON, Feb. 23 (UP).—lt was
reported reliably last night that
Colonial Secretary Malcolm Mac-
Donald has recommended to the
British Cabinet a compromise solu
tion of the Palestine problem involv
ing Jews and Arabs.
Jews would bo granted political
parity with Arabs and Jewish immi
gration would be limited for a pe
riod of years, after which Jewish
immigration would be fixed by
agreement between the Jews and
Arabs. Three zones would be estab
lished in which the sale of land to
Jews would Ik? prohibited, would be
restricted and would be free.
LONDON, Feb. 23 (UP).—lt was
reported reliably last night that
Colonial Secretary Malcolm Mac-
Donald has recommended to the
British Cabinet a compromise solu
tion of the Palestine problem involv
ing Jews and Arabs.
Jews would bo granted political
parity with Arabs and Jewish immi
gration would be limited for a pe
riod of years, after which Jewish
immigration would be fixed by
agreement between the Jews and
Arabs. Three zones would be estab
lished in which the sale of land to
Jews would Ik? prohibited, would be
restricted and would be free.
LONDON, Feb. 23 (UP).—lt was
reported reliably last night that
Colonial Secretary Malcolm Mac-
Donald has recommended to the
British Cabinet a compromise solu
tion of the Palestine problem involv
ing Jews and Arabs.
Jews would bo granted political
parity with Arabs and Jewish immi
gration would be limited for a pe
riod of years, after which Jewish
immigration would be fixed by
agreement between the Jews and
Arabs. Three zones would be estab
lished in which the sale of land to
Jews would Ik? prohibited, would be
restricted and would be free.
