# THETA PLEDGE
## 
### 
Panhellcnic Council announces the
pledging of Barbara Payne, "42, to
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Panhellcnic Council announces the
pledging of Barbara Payne, "42, to
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Panhellcnic Council announces the
pledging of Barbara Payne, "42, to
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Panhellcnic Council announces the
pledging of Barbara Payne, "42, to
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Panhellcnic Council announces the
pledging of Barbara Payne, "42, to
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Panhellcnic Council announces the
pledging of Barbara Payne, "42, to
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Panhellcnic Council announces the
pledging of Barbara Payne, "42, to
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Panhellcnic Council announces the
pledging of Barbara Payne, "42, to
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Panhellcnic Council announces the
pledging of Barbara Payne, "42, to
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Panhellcnic Council announces the
pledging of Barbara Payne, "42, to
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Panhellcnic Council announces the
pledging of Barbara Payne, "42, to
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Panhellcnic Council announces the
pledging of Barbara Payne, "42, to
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Panhellcnic Council announces the
pledging of Barbara Payne, "42, to
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Panhellcnic Council announces the
pledging of Barbara Payne, "42, to
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Panhellcnic Council announces the
pledging of Barbara Payne, "42, to
Kappa Alpha Theta.
Panhellcnic Council announces the
pledging of Barbara Payne, "42, to
Kappa Alpha Theta.
