# CAMPUS OPINION
## AHEAD OF TIME 
### 
The Editor, Sir:
By way of observing the birthday
of our first president, I went up to
the lake Wednesday for some ca
noeing and general enjoyment of
God's gift to Stanford, Lake La
gunita.
What was my surprise to find ap
proximately half the canoes being
propelled by youngsters varying
from 8 to 13 years of age. After 10
minutes' argument, I was able to get
one of the Toyon canoes from two
youngsters who were having a won
derful time filling the canoe with
water ,turning it over, and diving
of! it.
There were two things wrong with
the general picture. One was that
the kids had no right to use canoes
which have been bought by living
groups for the use of their members.
The second—and more important—
point is that there were no life
guards around the boathouse to keep
the youngsters and students there
from drowning, if they took the no
tion.
It's all very well to say that the
boathouse and lake have not been
officially opened, and will not be
until March 4. However, nf> matter
when the official opening takes
place, people are using the lake and
will continue doing so regardless of
official openings or lack of life
guards. As the situation seems now,
life-guards will not be stationed at
the boathouse until March 4. That
gives us a week and a half of un
supervised canoeing and swimming,
during which young kids will be
getting as much use out of the ca
noes as they can, and also during
which the university will be running
the chance of a serious accident.
Even if the lake is not officially open,
the University is nevertheless re
sponsible for what might happen.
Condensing this whole thing down
to one sentence, the University
should place life-guards at the lake
immedately, instead of after the of
ficial opening, (1) to safeguard its
own interests, and (2) to protect the
property of campus living groups.
Woody Miller
