# Gas Plant Installed.
## 
### 
A gas plant is being installed in
the basement of the new Physics
building. The equipment is a du
plicate of that now used in the
Chemistry department. It will
supply all the science buildings in
the quadrangles.
A gas plant is being installed in
the basement of the new Physics
building. The equipment is a du
plicate of that now used in the
Chemistry department. It will
supply all the science buildings in
the quadrangles.
A gas plant is being installed in
the basement of the new Physics
building. The equipment is a du
plicate of that now used in the
Chemistry department. It will
supply all the science buildings in
the quadrangles.
A gas plant is being installed in
the basement of the new Physics
building. The equipment is a du
plicate of that now used in the
Chemistry department. It will
supply all the science buildings in
the quadrangles.
A gas plant is being installed in
the basement of the new Physics
building. The equipment is a du
plicate of that now used in the
Chemistry department. It will
supply all the science buildings in
the quadrangles.
A gas plant is being installed in
the basement of the new Physics
building. The equipment is a du
plicate of that now used in the
Chemistry department. It will
supply all the science buildings in
the quadrangles.
A gas plant is being installed in
the basement of the new Physics
building. The equipment is a du
plicate of that now used in the
Chemistry department. It will
supply all the science buildings in
the quadrangles.
A gas plant is being installed in
the basement of the new Physics
building. The equipment is a du
plicate of that now used in the
Chemistry department. It will
supply all the science buildings in
the quadrangles.
