# LAST NIGHT'S PRACTICE.
## The 						Second Team Plays Good Ball Against Varsity.—Oregon Team Arrives. 
### 
Although scored against once,
the second team outplayed the
Varsity eleven during the greater
part of a short practice game laßt
night. The tirst part of the prac
tice period was devoted to the
formations used in punts and place
kicks. Both teams showed up
well at getting down on the punts,
especially the ends, who were
usually in a position to down the
runner in his tracks. A notable
improvement over the previous
night's practice was shown in the
formation of interference, which
was firm in forming and fast at
getting started. Assisted by su
perb interference, Trowbridge
gained 30 yards around the second
eleven's right end. As usual, the
most substantial gains made by
either team, were on mass plays
through the line.
The last five minutes of the
practice period, which resulted in
a touch-down for the Varsity, was
productive of the best football of
the evening. The first team car
ried the ball almost the entire
length of the field by a series of
plays which were executed with
speed and a machine-like regular
ity. During the first part of the
game the goal-line of the Varsity
eleven was threatened several times,
but the line managed to hold.
The Oregon team arrived on the
campus this afternoon, and the
members of the eleven are now
domiciled at different fraternity
houses. The team did not line up
for hard practice this afternoon,
but to-morrow between 2 and 4
the Northern players will |go
through formations on the football
oval. Only people directly con
nected with the Oregon team will
be permitted within the enclosure
during the practice period.
Although scored against once,
the second team outplayed the
Varsity eleven during the greater
part of a short practice game laßt
night. The tirst part of the prac
tice period was devoted to the
formations used in punts and place
kicks. Both teams showed up
well at getting down on the punts,
especially the ends, who were
usually in a position to down the
runner in his tracks. A notable
improvement over the previous
night's practice was shown in the
formation of interference, which
was firm in forming and fast at
getting started. Assisted by su
perb interference, Trowbridge
gained 30 yards around the second
eleven's right end. As usual, the
most substantial gains made by
either team, were on mass plays
through the line.
The last five minutes of the
practice period, which resulted in
a touch-down for the Varsity, was
productive of the best football of
the evening. The first team car
ried the ball almost the entire
length of the field by a series of
plays which were executed with
speed and a machine-like regular
ity. During the first part of the
game the goal-line of the Varsity
eleven was threatened several times,
but the line managed to hold.
The Oregon team arrived on the
campus this afternoon, and the
members of the eleven are now
domiciled at different fraternity
houses. The team did not line up
for hard practice this afternoon,
but to-morrow between 2 and 4
the Northern players will |go
through formations on the football
oval. Only people directly con
nected with the Oregon team will
be permitted within the enclosure
during the practice period.
Although scored against once,
the second team outplayed the
Varsity eleven during the greater
part of a short practice game laßt
night. The tirst part of the prac
tice period was devoted to the
formations used in punts and place
kicks. Both teams showed up
well at getting down on the punts,
especially the ends, who were
usually in a position to down the
runner in his tracks. A notable
improvement over the previous
night's practice was shown in the
formation of interference, which
was firm in forming and fast at
getting started. Assisted by su
perb interference, Trowbridge
gained 30 yards around the second
eleven's right end. As usual, the
most substantial gains made by
either team, were on mass plays
through the line.
The last five minutes of the
practice period, which resulted in
a touch-down for the Varsity, was
productive of the best football of
the evening. The first team car
ried the ball almost the entire
length of the field by a series of
plays which were executed with
speed and a machine-like regular
ity. During the first part of the
game the goal-line of the Varsity
eleven was threatened several times,
but the line managed to hold.
The Oregon team arrived on the
campus this afternoon, and the
members of the eleven are now
domiciled at different fraternity
houses. The team did not line up
for hard practice this afternoon,
but to-morrow between 2 and 4
the Northern players will |go
through formations on the football
oval. Only people directly con
nected with the Oregon team will
be permitted within the enclosure
during the practice period.
Although scored against once,
the second team outplayed the
Varsity eleven during the greater
part of a short practice game laßt
night. The tirst part of the prac
tice period was devoted to the
formations used in punts and place
kicks. Both teams showed up
well at getting down on the punts,
especially the ends, who were
usually in a position to down the
runner in his tracks. A notable
improvement over the previous
night's practice was shown in the
formation of interference, which
was firm in forming and fast at
getting started. Assisted by su
perb interference, Trowbridge
gained 30 yards around the second
eleven's right end. As usual, the
most substantial gains made by
either team, were on mass plays
through the line.
The last five minutes of the
practice period, which resulted in
a touch-down for the Varsity, was
productive of the best football of
the evening. The first team car
ried the ball almost the entire
length of the field by a series of
plays which were executed with
speed and a machine-like regular
ity. During the first part of the
game the goal-line of the Varsity
eleven was threatened several times,
but the line managed to hold.
The Oregon team arrived on the
campus this afternoon, and the
members of the eleven are now
domiciled at different fraternity
houses. The team did not line up
for hard practice this afternoon,
but to-morrow between 2 and 4
the Northern players will |go
through formations on the football
oval. Only people directly con
nected with the Oregon team will
be permitted within the enclosure
during the practice period.
Although scored against once,
the second team outplayed the
Varsity eleven during the greater
part of a short practice game laßt
night. The tirst part of the prac
tice period was devoted to the
formations used in punts and place
kicks. Both teams showed up
well at getting down on the punts,
especially the ends, who were
usually in a position to down the
runner in his tracks. A notable
improvement over the previous
night's practice was shown in the
formation of interference, which
was firm in forming and fast at
getting started. Assisted by su
perb interference, Trowbridge
gained 30 yards around the second
eleven's right end. As usual, the
most substantial gains made by
either team, were on mass plays
through the line.
The last five minutes of the
practice period, which resulted in
a touch-down for the Varsity, was
productive of the best football of
the evening. The first team car
ried the ball almost the entire
length of the field by a series of
plays which were executed with
speed and a machine-like regular
ity. During the first part of the
game the goal-line of the Varsity
eleven was threatened several times,
but the line managed to hold.
The Oregon team arrived on the
campus this afternoon, and the
members of the eleven are now
domiciled at different fraternity
houses. The team did not line up
for hard practice this afternoon,
but to-morrow between 2 and 4
the Northern players will |go
through formations on the football
oval. Only people directly con
nected with the Oregon team will
be permitted within the enclosure
during the practice period.
Although scored against once,
the second team outplayed the
Varsity eleven during the greater
part of a short practice game laßt
night. The tirst part of the prac
tice period was devoted to the
formations used in punts and place
kicks. Both teams showed up
well at getting down on the punts,
especially the ends, who were
usually in a position to down the
runner in his tracks. A notable
improvement over the previous
night's practice was shown in the
formation of interference, which
was firm in forming and fast at
getting started. Assisted by su
perb interference, Trowbridge
gained 30 yards around the second
eleven's right end. As usual, the
most substantial gains made by
either team, were on mass plays
through the line.
The last five minutes of the
practice period, which resulted in
a touch-down for the Varsity, was
productive of the best football of
the evening. The first team car
ried the ball almost the entire
length of the field by a series of
plays which were executed with
speed and a machine-like regular
ity. During the first part of the
game the goal-line of the Varsity
eleven was threatened several times,
but the line managed to hold.
The Oregon team arrived on the
campus this afternoon, and the
members of the eleven are now
domiciled at different fraternity
houses. The team did not line up
for hard practice this afternoon,
but to-morrow between 2 and 4
the Northern players will |go
through formations on the football
oval. Only people directly con
nected with the Oregon team will
be permitted within the enclosure
during the practice period.
Although scored against once,
the second team outplayed the
Varsity eleven during the greater
part of a short practice game laßt
night. The tirst part of the prac
tice period was devoted to the
formations used in punts and place
kicks. Both teams showed up
well at getting down on the punts,
especially the ends, who were
usually in a position to down the
runner in his tracks. A notable
improvement over the previous
night's practice was shown in the
formation of interference, which
was firm in forming and fast at
getting started. Assisted by su
perb interference, Trowbridge
gained 30 yards around the second
eleven's right end. As usual, the
most substantial gains made by
either team, were on mass plays
through the line.
The last five minutes of the
practice period, which resulted in
a touch-down for the Varsity, was
productive of the best football of
the evening. The first team car
ried the ball almost the entire
length of the field by a series of
plays which were executed with
speed and a machine-like regular
ity. During the first part of the
game the goal-line of the Varsity
eleven was threatened several times,
but the line managed to hold.
The Oregon team arrived on the
campus this afternoon, and the
members of the eleven are now
domiciled at different fraternity
houses. The team did not line up
for hard practice this afternoon,
but to-morrow between 2 and 4
the Northern players will |go
through formations on the football
oval. Only people directly con
nected with the Oregon team will
be permitted within the enclosure
during the practice period.
Although scored against once,
the second team outplayed the
Varsity eleven during the greater
part of a short practice game laßt
night. The tirst part of the prac
tice period was devoted to the
formations used in punts and place
kicks. Both teams showed up
well at getting down on the punts,
especially the ends, who were
usually in a position to down the
runner in his tracks. A notable
improvement over the previous
night's practice was shown in the
formation of interference, which
was firm in forming and fast at
getting started. Assisted by su
perb interference, Trowbridge
gained 30 yards around the second
eleven's right end. As usual, the
most substantial gains made by
either team, were on mass plays
through the line.
The last five minutes of the
practice period, which resulted in
a touch-down for the Varsity, was
productive of the best football of
the evening. The first team car
ried the ball almost the entire
length of the field by a series of
plays which were executed with
speed and a machine-like regular
ity. During the first part of the
game the goal-line of the Varsity
eleven was threatened several times,
but the line managed to hold.
The Oregon team arrived on the
campus this afternoon, and the
members of the eleven are now
domiciled at different fraternity
houses. The team did not line up
for hard practice this afternoon,
but to-morrow between 2 and 4
the Northern players will |go
through formations on the football
oval. Only people directly con
nected with the Oregon team will
be permitted within the enclosure
during the practice period.
