# Talent Ho! Gaieties Call
## 
### 
Come on out, you Stanford actors
and actresses, we want you! This
year's Big Game Gaieties needs and
wants all types of talent from sing
ers to stage crewmen.
If you have been turned down on
Broadway or shunned by Hollywood
don't despair. The Gaieties of 1948
has a place for you that will make
these two show cities beg for your
name on one of their $10,000 con
tracts.
Anyone who can sing, dance, or act
is cordially invited to try out. Those
of you who are interested in pub
licity work of stage crew are also
invited to try out.
Tryouts for the 1948 Big" Game
Gaieties will be from 7 to 10 p.m.
tonight, and tomorrow in the Ram's
Head room in the rear of Memorial
Auditorium. Come out, try out, win
out!
