# Fire Department Gets Runaround
## 
### 
Stanford's fire department con
ducted a steeplechase Friday af
ternoon and ended up at the wrong
stables.
When a voice on the phone said.
"The stables are on fire," and hung
up, the chief concern of the hook
and-ladder boys was the Old Red
Barn, where the horses are kept.
However, a check at the barn
uncovered no fire, so the pumpers
traveled across campus to the RO
TC stables, to find an extra large
rubbish fire being tended by a
member of the maintenance crew.
Fire Chief John Marston ex
pressed the belief that somebody
became frightened by the billowing
smoke. He asked that complete de
tails of the location of a fire be
given when phoned in, especially
in the case of the four or five
stables.
