# Library Exhibits 1947 Nobel Award
## 
### 
The gold medal, a photostatic
copy of the $20,251.36 check, and
the scroll and case presented to the
1947 winners of the Nobel Peace
Award are on exhibit in the main
foyer of the Stanford Library.
Each year the Nobel Award is
made by the Nobel Foundation to
that person or group considered to
have made the most outstanding
contribution to the cause of world
peace. The 1947 award was given
jointly to the American Friends
Service Committee and the Friends
Service Council representing the
English and Irish Quakers.
Included in the exhibit are pic
tures of the presentation and ac
ceptance ceremonies held in Oslo,
Norway. The display, sponsored by
the Palo Alto Meeting of Friends,
will be in the library through
Oct. 9.
The gold medal, a photostatic
copy of the $20,251.36 check, and
the scroll and case presented to the
1947 winners of the Nobel Peace
Award are on exhibit in the main
foyer of the Stanford Library.
Each year the Nobel Award is
made by the Nobel Foundation to
that person or group considered to
have made the most outstanding
contribution to the cause of world
peace. The 1947 award was given
jointly to the American Friends
Service Committee and the Friends
Service Council representing the
English and Irish Quakers.
Included in the exhibit are pic
tures of the presentation and ac
ceptance ceremonies held in Oslo,
Norway. The display, sponsored by
the Palo Alto Meeting of Friends,
will be in the library through
Oct. 9.
The gold medal, a photostatic
copy of the $20,251.36 check, and
the scroll and case presented to the
1947 winners of the Nobel Peace
Award are on exhibit in the main
foyer of the Stanford Library.
Each year the Nobel Award is
made by the Nobel Foundation to
that person or group considered to
have made the most outstanding
contribution to the cause of world
peace. The 1947 award was given
jointly to the American Friends
Service Committee and the Friends
Service Council representing the
English and Irish Quakers.
Included in the exhibit are pic
tures of the presentation and ac
ceptance ceremonies held in Oslo,
Norway. The display, sponsored by
the Palo Alto Meeting of Friends,
will be in the library through
Oct. 9.
The gold medal, a photostatic
copy of the $20,251.36 check, and
the scroll and case presented to the
1947 winners of the Nobel Peace
Award are on exhibit in the main
foyer of the Stanford Library.
Each year the Nobel Award is
made by the Nobel Foundation to
that person or group considered to
have made the most outstanding
contribution to the cause of world
peace. The 1947 award was given
jointly to the American Friends
Service Committee and the Friends
Service Council representing the
English and Irish Quakers.
Included in the exhibit are pic
tures of the presentation and ac
ceptance ceremonies held in Oslo,
Norway. The display, sponsored by
the Palo Alto Meeting of Friends,
will be in the library through
Oct. 9.
The gold medal, a photostatic
copy of the $20,251.36 check, and
the scroll and case presented to the
1947 winners of the Nobel Peace
Award are on exhibit in the main
foyer of the Stanford Library.
Each year the Nobel Award is
made by the Nobel Foundation to
that person or group considered to
have made the most outstanding
contribution to the cause of world
peace. The 1947 award was given
jointly to the American Friends
Service Committee and the Friends
Service Council representing the
English and Irish Quakers.
Included in the exhibit are pic
tures of the presentation and ac
ceptance ceremonies held in Oslo,
Norway. The display, sponsored by
the Palo Alto Meeting of Friends,
will be in the library through
Oct. 9.
The gold medal, a photostatic
copy of the $20,251.36 check, and
the scroll and case presented to the
1947 winners of the Nobel Peace
Award are on exhibit in the main
foyer of the Stanford Library.
Each year the Nobel Award is
made by the Nobel Foundation to
that person or group considered to
have made the most outstanding
contribution to the cause of world
peace. The 1947 award was given
jointly to the American Friends
Service Committee and the Friends
Service Council representing the
English and Irish Quakers.
Included in the exhibit are pic
tures of the presentation and ac
ceptance ceremonies held in Oslo,
Norway. The display, sponsored by
the Palo Alto Meeting of Friends,
will be in the library through
Oct. 9.
The gold medal, a photostatic
copy of the $20,251.36 check, and
the scroll and case presented to the
1947 winners of the Nobel Peace
Award are on exhibit in the main
foyer of the Stanford Library.
Each year the Nobel Award is
made by the Nobel Foundation to
that person or group considered to
have made the most outstanding
contribution to the cause of world
peace. The 1947 award was given
jointly to the American Friends
Service Committee and the Friends
Service Council representing the
English and Irish Quakers.
Included in the exhibit are pic
tures of the presentation and ac
ceptance ceremonies held in Oslo,
Norway. The display, sponsored by
the Palo Alto Meeting of Friends,
will be in the library through
Oct. 9.
The gold medal, a photostatic
copy of the $20,251.36 check, and
the scroll and case presented to the
1947 winners of the Nobel Peace
Award are on exhibit in the main
foyer of the Stanford Library.
Each year the Nobel Award is
made by the Nobel Foundation to
that person or group considered to
have made the most outstanding
contribution to the cause of world
peace. The 1947 award was given
jointly to the American Friends
Service Committee and the Friends
Service Council representing the
English and Irish Quakers.
Included in the exhibit are pic
tures of the presentation and ac
ceptance ceremonies held in Oslo,
Norway. The display, sponsored by
the Palo Alto Meeting of Friends,
will be in the library through
Oct. 9.
The gold medal, a photostatic
copy of the $20,251.36 check, and
the scroll and case presented to the
1947 winners of the Nobel Peace
Award are on exhibit in the main
foyer of the Stanford Library.
Each year the Nobel Award is
made by the Nobel Foundation to
that person or group considered to
have made the most outstanding
contribution to the cause of world
peace. The 1947 award was given
jointly to the American Friends
Service Committee and the Friends
Service Council representing the
English and Irish Quakers.
Included in the exhibit are pic
tures of the presentation and ac
ceptance ceremonies held in Oslo,
Norway. The display, sponsored by
the Palo Alto Meeting of Friends,
will be in the library through
Oct. 9.
The gold medal, a photostatic
copy of the $20,251.36 check, and
the scroll and case presented to the
1947 winners of the Nobel Peace
Award are on exhibit in the main
foyer of the Stanford Library.
Each year the Nobel Award is
made by the Nobel Foundation to
that person or group considered to
have made the most outstanding
contribution to the cause of world
peace. The 1947 award was given
jointly to the American Friends
Service Committee and the Friends
Service Council representing the
English and Irish Quakers.
Included in the exhibit are pic
tures of the presentation and ac
ceptance ceremonies held in Oslo,
Norway. The display, sponsored by
the Palo Alto Meeting of Friends,
will be in the library through
Oct. 9.
The gold medal, a photostatic
copy of the $20,251.36 check, and
the scroll and case presented to the
1947 winners of the Nobel Peace
Award are on exhibit in the main
foyer of the Stanford Library.
Each year the Nobel Award is
made by the Nobel Foundation to
that person or group considered to
have made the most outstanding
contribution to the cause of world
peace. The 1947 award was given
jointly to the American Friends
Service Committee and the Friends
Service Council representing the
English and Irish Quakers.
Included in the exhibit are pic
tures of the presentation and ac
ceptance ceremonies held in Oslo,
Norway. The display, sponsored by
the Palo Alto Meeting of Friends,
will be in the library through
Oct. 9.
The gold medal, a photostatic
copy of the $20,251.36 check, and
the scroll and case presented to the
1947 winners of the Nobel Peace
Award are on exhibit in the main
foyer of the Stanford Library.
Each year the Nobel Award is
made by the Nobel Foundation to
that person or group considered to
have made the most outstanding
contribution to the cause of world
peace. The 1947 award was given
jointly to the American Friends
Service Committee and the Friends
Service Council representing the
English and Irish Quakers.
Included in the exhibit are pic
tures of the presentation and ac
ceptance ceremonies held in Oslo,
Norway. The display, sponsored by
the Palo Alto Meeting of Friends,
will be in the library through
Oct. 9.
The gold medal, a photostatic
copy of the $20,251.36 check, and
the scroll and case presented to the
1947 winners of the Nobel Peace
Award are on exhibit in the main
foyer of the Stanford Library.
Each year the Nobel Award is
made by the Nobel Foundation to
that person or group considered to
have made the most outstanding
contribution to the cause of world
peace. The 1947 award was given
jointly to the American Friends
Service Committee and the Friends
Service Council representing the
English and Irish Quakers.
Included in the exhibit are pic
tures of the presentation and ac
ceptance ceremonies held in Oslo,
Norway. The display, sponsored by
the Palo Alto Meeting of Friends,
will be in the library through
Oct. 9.
The gold medal, a photostatic
copy of the $20,251.36 check, and
the scroll and case presented to the
1947 winners of the Nobel Peace
Award are on exhibit in the main
foyer of the Stanford Library.
Each year the Nobel Award is
made by the Nobel Foundation to
that person or group considered to
have made the most outstanding
contribution to the cause of world
peace. The 1947 award was given
jointly to the American Friends
Service Committee and the Friends
Service Council representing the
English and Irish Quakers.
Included in the exhibit are pic
tures of the presentation and ac
ceptance ceremonies held in Oslo,
Norway. The display, sponsored by
the Palo Alto Meeting of Friends,
will be in the library through
Oct. 9.
The gold medal, a photostatic
copy of the $20,251.36 check, and
the scroll and case presented to the
1947 winners of the Nobel Peace
Award are on exhibit in the main
foyer of the Stanford Library.
Each year the Nobel Award is
made by the Nobel Foundation to
that person or group considered to
have made the most outstanding
contribution to the cause of world
peace. The 1947 award was given
jointly to the American Friends
Service Committee and the Friends
Service Council representing the
English and Irish Quakers.
Included in the exhibit are pic
tures of the presentation and ac
ceptance ceremonies held in Oslo,
Norway. The display, sponsored by
the Palo Alto Meeting of Friends,
will be in the library through
Oct. 9.
The gold medal, a photostatic
copy of the $20,251.36 check, and
the scroll and case presented to the
1947 winners of the Nobel Peace
Award are on exhibit in the main
foyer of the Stanford Library.
Each year the Nobel Award is
made by the Nobel Foundation to
that person or group considered to
have made the most outstanding
contribution to the cause of world
peace. The 1947 award was given
jointly to the American Friends
Service Committee and the Friends
Service Council representing the
English and Irish Quakers.
Included in the exhibit are pic
tures of the presentation and ac
ceptance ceremonies held in Oslo,
Norway. The display, sponsored by
the Palo Alto Meeting of Friends,
will be in the library through
Oct. 9.
