# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Brown University has been
bequeathed $40,000 on condition
that it be expended upon the erec
tion of a memorial arch of iron and
stone at the front of the entrance.
—Brown University has been
bequeathed $40,000 on condition
that it be expended upon the erec
tion of a memorial arch of iron and
stone at the front of the entrance.
—Brown University has been
bequeathed $40,000 on condition
that it be expended upon the erec
tion of a memorial arch of iron and
stone at the front of the entrance.
—Brown University has been
bequeathed $40,000 on condition
that it be expended upon the erec
tion of a memorial arch of iron and
stone at the front of the entrance.
—Brown University has been
bequeathed $40,000 on condition
that it be expended upon the erec
tion of a memorial arch of iron and
stone at the front of the entrance.
