# WAA Election Monday Night
## 
### 
The following are the nominations
for officers for the Women's Ath
letic: Association for the coming
year. Elections will be held Mon
day night during house meetings at
all the Women's living groups.
President — Jody Catlin, Diane
Gordon; vice - president — Ellen
Mitchell, Alice Hoyden; recording
secretary—Joanne Ball, Betty Fish,
Sue Ranley.
Corresponding secretary — Pat
Jones, Charlotte Mesick; treasurer
— Nancy Ashby, Martha Hitch;
publicity chairman — Darle Her
mann, Barbara Metzger, Laude
Neff.
Senior representative—Pat Buck
ley, Barrie Burns, Jane Steele; jun
ior representative—Nancy Grandin,
Barbara Miller, Carol Richardson;
sophomore representative — Lora
Lee Dockstader, Sue Hey, Daphne
Sanders, Kathleen Walker.
The following are the nominations
for officers for the Women's Ath
letic: Association for the coming
year. Elections will be held Mon
day night during house meetings at
all the Women's living groups.
President — Jody Catlin, Diane
Gordon; vice - president — Ellen
Mitchell, Alice Hoyden; recording
secretary—Joanne Ball, Betty Fish,
Sue Ranley.
Corresponding secretary — Pat
Jones, Charlotte Mesick; treasurer
— Nancy Ashby, Martha Hitch;
publicity chairman — Darle Her
mann, Barbara Metzger, Laude
Neff.
Senior representative—Pat Buck
ley, Barrie Burns, Jane Steele; jun
ior representative—Nancy Grandin,
Barbara Miller, Carol Richardson;
sophomore representative — Lora
Lee Dockstader, Sue Hey, Daphne
Sanders, Kathleen Walker.
The following are the nominations
for officers for the Women's Ath
letic: Association for the coming
year. Elections will be held Mon
day night during house meetings at
all the Women's living groups.
President — Jody Catlin, Diane
Gordon; vice - president — Ellen
Mitchell, Alice Hoyden; recording
secretary—Joanne Ball, Betty Fish,
Sue Ranley.
Corresponding secretary — Pat
Jones, Charlotte Mesick; treasurer
— Nancy Ashby, Martha Hitch;
publicity chairman — Darle Her
mann, Barbara Metzger, Laude
Neff.
Senior representative—Pat Buck
ley, Barrie Burns, Jane Steele; jun
ior representative—Nancy Grandin,
Barbara Miller, Carol Richardson;
sophomore representative — Lora
Lee Dockstader, Sue Hey, Daphne
Sanders, Kathleen Walker.
The following are the nominations
for officers for the Women's Ath
letic: Association for the coming
year. Elections will be held Mon
day night during house meetings at
all the Women's living groups.
President — Jody Catlin, Diane
Gordon; vice - president — Ellen
Mitchell, Alice Hoyden; recording
secretary—Joanne Ball, Betty Fish,
Sue Ranley.
Corresponding secretary — Pat
Jones, Charlotte Mesick; treasurer
— Nancy Ashby, Martha Hitch;
publicity chairman — Darle Her
mann, Barbara Metzger, Laude
Neff.
Senior representative—Pat Buck
ley, Barrie Burns, Jane Steele; jun
ior representative—Nancy Grandin,
Barbara Miller, Carol Richardson;
sophomore representative — Lora
Lee Dockstader, Sue Hey, Daphne
Sanders, Kathleen Walker.
The following are the nominations
for officers for the Women's Ath
letic: Association for the coming
year. Elections will be held Mon
day night during house meetings at
all the Women's living groups.
President — Jody Catlin, Diane
Gordon; vice - president — Ellen
Mitchell, Alice Hoyden; recording
secretary—Joanne Ball, Betty Fish,
Sue Ranley.
Corresponding secretary — Pat
Jones, Charlotte Mesick; treasurer
— Nancy Ashby, Martha Hitch;
publicity chairman — Darle Her
mann, Barbara Metzger, Laude
Neff.
Senior representative—Pat Buck
ley, Barrie Burns, Jane Steele; jun
ior representative—Nancy Grandin,
Barbara Miller, Carol Richardson;
sophomore representative — Lora
Lee Dockstader, Sue Hey, Daphne
Sanders, Kathleen Walker.
The following are the nominations
for officers for the Women's Ath
letic: Association for the coming
year. Elections will be held Mon
day night during house meetings at
all the Women's living groups.
President — Jody Catlin, Diane
Gordon; vice - president — Ellen
Mitchell, Alice Hoyden; recording
secretary—Joanne Ball, Betty Fish,
Sue Ranley.
Corresponding secretary — Pat
Jones, Charlotte Mesick; treasurer
— Nancy Ashby, Martha Hitch;
publicity chairman — Darle Her
mann, Barbara Metzger, Laude
Neff.
Senior representative—Pat Buck
ley, Barrie Burns, Jane Steele; jun
ior representative—Nancy Grandin,
Barbara Miller, Carol Richardson;
sophomore representative — Lora
Lee Dockstader, Sue Hey, Daphne
Sanders, Kathleen Walker.
The following are the nominations
for officers for the Women's Ath
letic: Association for the coming
year. Elections will be held Mon
day night during house meetings at
all the Women's living groups.
President — Jody Catlin, Diane
Gordon; vice - president — Ellen
Mitchell, Alice Hoyden; recording
secretary—Joanne Ball, Betty Fish,
Sue Ranley.
Corresponding secretary — Pat
Jones, Charlotte Mesick; treasurer
— Nancy Ashby, Martha Hitch;
publicity chairman — Darle Her
mann, Barbara Metzger, Laude
Neff.
Senior representative—Pat Buck
ley, Barrie Burns, Jane Steele; jun
ior representative—Nancy Grandin,
Barbara Miller, Carol Richardson;
sophomore representative — Lora
Lee Dockstader, Sue Hey, Daphne
Sanders, Kathleen Walker.
The following are the nominations
for officers for the Women's Ath
letic: Association for the coming
year. Elections will be held Mon
day night during house meetings at
all the Women's living groups.
President — Jody Catlin, Diane
Gordon; vice - president — Ellen
Mitchell, Alice Hoyden; recording
secretary—Joanne Ball, Betty Fish,
Sue Ranley.
Corresponding secretary — Pat
Jones, Charlotte Mesick; treasurer
— Nancy Ashby, Martha Hitch;
publicity chairman — Darle Her
mann, Barbara Metzger, Laude
Neff.
Senior representative—Pat Buck
ley, Barrie Burns, Jane Steele; jun
ior representative—Nancy Grandin,
Barbara Miller, Carol Richardson;
sophomore representative — Lora
Lee Dockstader, Sue Hey, Daphne
Sanders, Kathleen Walker.
The following are the nominations
for officers for the Women's Ath
letic: Association for the coming
year. Elections will be held Mon
day night during house meetings at
all the Women's living groups.
President — Jody Catlin, Diane
Gordon; vice - president — Ellen
Mitchell, Alice Hoyden; recording
secretary—Joanne Ball, Betty Fish,
Sue Ranley.
Corresponding secretary — Pat
Jones, Charlotte Mesick; treasurer
— Nancy Ashby, Martha Hitch;
publicity chairman — Darle Her
mann, Barbara Metzger, Laude
Neff.
Senior representative—Pat Buck
ley, Barrie Burns, Jane Steele; jun
ior representative—Nancy Grandin,
Barbara Miller, Carol Richardson;
sophomore representative — Lora
Lee Dockstader, Sue Hey, Daphne
Sanders, Kathleen Walker.
The following are the nominations
for officers for the Women's Ath
letic: Association for the coming
year. Elections will be held Mon
day night during house meetings at
all the Women's living groups.
President — Jody Catlin, Diane
Gordon; vice - president — Ellen
Mitchell, Alice Hoyden; recording
secretary—Joanne Ball, Betty Fish,
Sue Ranley.
Corresponding secretary — Pat
Jones, Charlotte Mesick; treasurer
— Nancy Ashby, Martha Hitch;
publicity chairman — Darle Her
mann, Barbara Metzger, Laude
Neff.
Senior representative—Pat Buck
ley, Barrie Burns, Jane Steele; jun
ior representative—Nancy Grandin,
Barbara Miller, Carol Richardson;
sophomore representative — Lora
Lee Dockstader, Sue Hey, Daphne
Sanders, Kathleen Walker.
The following are the nominations
for officers for the Women's Ath
letic: Association for the coming
year. Elections will be held Mon
day night during house meetings at
all the Women's living groups.
President — Jody Catlin, Diane
Gordon; vice - president — Ellen
Mitchell, Alice Hoyden; recording
secretary—Joanne Ball, Betty Fish,
Sue Ranley.
Corresponding secretary — Pat
Jones, Charlotte Mesick; treasurer
— Nancy Ashby, Martha Hitch;
publicity chairman — Darle Her
mann, Barbara Metzger, Laude
Neff.
Senior representative—Pat Buck
ley, Barrie Burns, Jane Steele; jun
ior representative—Nancy Grandin,
Barbara Miller, Carol Richardson;
sophomore representative — Lora
Lee Dockstader, Sue Hey, Daphne
Sanders, Kathleen Walker.
The following are the nominations
for officers for the Women's Ath
letic: Association for the coming
year. Elections will be held Mon
day night during house meetings at
all the Women's living groups.
President — Jody Catlin, Diane
Gordon; vice - president — Ellen
Mitchell, Alice Hoyden; recording
secretary—Joanne Ball, Betty Fish,
Sue Ranley.
Corresponding secretary — Pat
Jones, Charlotte Mesick; treasurer
— Nancy Ashby, Martha Hitch;
publicity chairman — Darle Her
mann, Barbara Metzger, Laude
Neff.
Senior representative—Pat Buck
ley, Barrie Burns, Jane Steele; jun
ior representative—Nancy Grandin,
Barbara Miller, Carol Richardson;
sophomore representative — Lora
Lee Dockstader, Sue Hey, Daphne
Sanders, Kathleen Walker.
The following are the nominations
for officers for the Women's Ath
letic: Association for the coming
year. Elections will be held Mon
day night during house meetings at
all the Women's living groups.
President — Jody Catlin, Diane
Gordon; vice - president — Ellen
Mitchell, Alice Hoyden; recording
secretary—Joanne Ball, Betty Fish,
Sue Ranley.
Corresponding secretary — Pat
Jones, Charlotte Mesick; treasurer
— Nancy Ashby, Martha Hitch;
publicity chairman — Darle Her
mann, Barbara Metzger, Laude
Neff.
Senior representative—Pat Buck
ley, Barrie Burns, Jane Steele; jun
ior representative—Nancy Grandin,
Barbara Miller, Carol Richardson;
sophomore representative — Lora
Lee Dockstader, Sue Hey, Daphne
Sanders, Kathleen Walker.
The following are the nominations
for officers for the Women's Ath
letic: Association for the coming
year. Elections will be held Mon
day night during house meetings at
all the Women's living groups.
President — Jody Catlin, Diane
Gordon; vice - president — Ellen
Mitchell, Alice Hoyden; recording
secretary—Joanne Ball, Betty Fish,
Sue Ranley.
Corresponding secretary — Pat
Jones, Charlotte Mesick; treasurer
— Nancy Ashby, Martha Hitch;
publicity chairman — Darle Her
mann, Barbara Metzger, Laude
Neff.
Senior representative—Pat Buck
ley, Barrie Burns, Jane Steele; jun
ior representative—Nancy Grandin,
Barbara Miller, Carol Richardson;
sophomore representative — Lora
Lee Dockstader, Sue Hey, Daphne
Sanders, Kathleen Walker.
