# Debaters to Oppose Cal On Issue of Capitalism
## 
### 
A Stanford team composed of Joe
Farman and Alan Enthoven will de
bate this afternoon with students
from the University of California
on "Resolved, that capitalism is
doomed."
The debate will be held at 4:15 in
Room 210 on History corner. Ev
eryone interested is invited to at
tend.
A Stanford team composed of Joe
Farman and Alan Enthoven will de
bate this afternoon with students
from the University of California
on "Resolved, that capitalism is
doomed."
The debate will be held at 4:15 in
Room 210 on History corner. Ev
eryone interested is invited to at
tend.
A Stanford team composed of Joe
Farman and Alan Enthoven will de
bate this afternoon with students
from the University of California
on "Resolved, that capitalism is
doomed."
The debate will be held at 4:15 in
Room 210 on History corner. Ev
eryone interested is invited to at
tend.
A Stanford team composed of Joe
Farman and Alan Enthoven will de
bate this afternoon with students
from the University of California
on "Resolved, that capitalism is
doomed."
The debate will be held at 4:15 in
Room 210 on History corner. Ev
eryone interested is invited to at
tend.
A Stanford team composed of Joe
Farman and Alan Enthoven will de
bate this afternoon with students
from the University of California
on "Resolved, that capitalism is
doomed."
The debate will be held at 4:15 in
Room 210 on History corner. Ev
eryone interested is invited to at
tend.
A Stanford team composed of Joe
Farman and Alan Enthoven will de
bate this afternoon with students
from the University of California
on "Resolved, that capitalism is
doomed."
The debate will be held at 4:15 in
Room 210 on History corner. Ev
eryone interested is invited to at
tend.
A Stanford team composed of Joe
Farman and Alan Enthoven will de
bate this afternoon with students
from the University of California
on "Resolved, that capitalism is
doomed."
The debate will be held at 4:15 in
Room 210 on History corner. Ev
eryone interested is invited to at
tend.
A Stanford team composed of Joe
Farman and Alan Enthoven will de
bate this afternoon with students
from the University of California
on "Resolved, that capitalism is
doomed."
The debate will be held at 4:15 in
Room 210 on History corner. Ev
eryone interested is invited to at
tend.
A Stanford team composed of Joe
Farman and Alan Enthoven will de
bate this afternoon with students
from the University of California
on "Resolved, that capitalism is
doomed."
The debate will be held at 4:15 in
Room 210 on History corner. Ev
eryone interested is invited to at
tend.
A Stanford team composed of Joe
Farman and Alan Enthoven will de
bate this afternoon with students
from the University of California
on "Resolved, that capitalism is
doomed."
The debate will be held at 4:15 in
Room 210 on History corner. Ev
eryone interested is invited to at
tend.
A Stanford team composed of Joe
Farman and Alan Enthoven will de
bate this afternoon with students
from the University of California
on "Resolved, that capitalism is
doomed."
The debate will be held at 4:15 in
Room 210 on History corner. Ev
eryone interested is invited to at
tend.
A Stanford team composed of Joe
Farman and Alan Enthoven will de
bate this afternoon with students
from the University of California
on "Resolved, that capitalism is
doomed."
The debate will be held at 4:15 in
Room 210 on History corner. Ev
eryone interested is invited to at
tend.
A Stanford team composed of Joe
Farman and Alan Enthoven will de
bate this afternoon with students
from the University of California
on "Resolved, that capitalism is
doomed."
The debate will be held at 4:15 in
Room 210 on History corner. Ev
eryone interested is invited to at
tend.
A Stanford team composed of Joe
Farman and Alan Enthoven will de
bate this afternoon with students
from the University of California
on "Resolved, that capitalism is
doomed."
The debate will be held at 4:15 in
Room 210 on History corner. Ev
eryone interested is invited to at
tend.
