# Signatures for Posterity
## 
### 

KATE PETERSON adds her name to the Senior Scroll which she designed, while Bob Armstrong,
president of the class of '50, watches approvingly. The scroll features the names of the officers
of the class at the top, and provides space for all class members to sign below. It is now in the
ASSU office for the seniors to sign, and eventually will become part of the permanent class rec
ords. —Daily photo by Art Henry

KATE PETERSON adds her name to the Senior Scroll which she designed, while Bob Armstrong,
president of the class of '50, watches approvingly. The scroll features the names of the officers
of the class at the top, and provides space for all class members to sign below. It is now in the
ASSU office for the seniors to sign, and eventually will become part of the permanent class rec
ords. —Daily photo by Art Henry

KATE PETERSON adds her name to the Senior Scroll which she designed, while Bob Armstrong,
president of the class of '50, watches approvingly. The scroll features the names of the officers
of the class at the top, and provides space for all class members to sign below. It is now in the
ASSU office for the seniors to sign, and eventually will become part of the permanent class rec
ords. —Daily photo by Art Henry

KATE PETERSON adds her name to the Senior Scroll which she designed, while Bob Armstrong,
president of the class of '50, watches approvingly. The scroll features the names of the officers
of the class at the top, and provides space for all class members to sign below. It is now in the
ASSU office for the seniors to sign, and eventually will become part of the permanent class rec
ords. —Daily photo by Art Henry

KATE PETERSON adds her name to the Senior Scroll which she designed, while Bob Armstrong,
president of the class of '50, watches approvingly. The scroll features the names of the officers
of the class at the top, and provides space for all class members to sign below. It is now in the
ASSU office for the seniors to sign, and eventually will become part of the permanent class rec
ords. —Daily photo by Art Henry

KATE PETERSON adds her name to the Senior Scroll which she designed, while Bob Armstrong,
president of the class of '50, watches approvingly. The scroll features the names of the officers
of the class at the top, and provides space for all class members to sign below. It is now in the
ASSU office for the seniors to sign, and eventually will become part of the permanent class rec
ords. —Daily photo by Art Henry

KATE PETERSON adds her name to the Senior Scroll which she designed, while Bob Armstrong,
president of the class of '50, watches approvingly. The scroll features the names of the officers
of the class at the top, and provides space for all class members to sign below. It is now in the
ASSU office for the seniors to sign, and eventually will become part of the permanent class rec
ords. —Daily photo by Art Henry

KATE PETERSON adds her name to the Senior Scroll which she designed, while Bob Armstrong,
president of the class of '50, watches approvingly. The scroll features the names of the officers
of the class at the top, and provides space for all class members to sign below. It is now in the
ASSU office for the seniors to sign, and eventually will become part of the permanent class rec
ords. —Daily photo by Art Henry

KATE PETERSON adds her name to the Senior Scroll which she designed, while Bob Armstrong,
president of the class of '50, watches approvingly. The scroll features the names of the officers
of the class at the top, and provides space for all class members to sign below. It is now in the
ASSU office for the seniors to sign, and eventually will become part of the permanent class rec
ords. —Daily photo by Art Henry

KATE PETERSON adds her name to the Senior Scroll which she designed, while Bob Armstrong,
president of the class of '50, watches approvingly. The scroll features the names of the officers
of the class at the top, and provides space for all class members to sign below. It is now in the
ASSU office for the seniors to sign, and eventually will become part of the permanent class rec
ords. —Daily photo by Art Henry

KATE PETERSON adds her name to the Senior Scroll which she designed, while Bob Armstrong,
president of the class of '50, watches approvingly. The scroll features the names of the officers
of the class at the top, and provides space for all class members to sign below. It is now in the
ASSU office for the seniors to sign, and eventually will become part of the permanent class rec
ords. —Daily photo by Art Henry

KATE PETERSON adds her name to the Senior Scroll which she designed, while Bob Armstrong,
president of the class of '50, watches approvingly. The scroll features the names of the officers
of the class at the top, and provides space for all class members to sign below. It is now in the
ASSU office for the seniors to sign, and eventually will become part of the permanent class rec
ords. —Daily photo by Art Henry

KATE PETERSON adds her name to the Senior Scroll which she designed, while Bob Armstrong,
president of the class of '50, watches approvingly. The scroll features the names of the officers
of the class at the top, and provides space for all class members to sign below. It is now in the
ASSU office for the seniors to sign, and eventually will become part of the permanent class rec
ords. —Daily photo by Art Henry

KATE PETERSON adds her name to the Senior Scroll which she designed, while Bob Armstrong,
president of the class of '50, watches approvingly. The scroll features the names of the officers
of the class at the top, and provides space for all class members to sign below. It is now in the
ASSU office for the seniors to sign, and eventually will become part of the permanent class rec
ords. —Daily photo by Art Henry
