# Interviews for Dividex, Informer Managers
## 
### 
Interviews for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Div
idex will be held Tuesday afternoon
from 4 to G in the Excom room.
Applicants for the positions must
sign a list in the ASSU office before
Tuesday.
Interviews for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Div
idex will be held Tuesday afternoon
from 4 to G in the Excom room.
Applicants for the positions must
sign a list in the ASSU office before
Tuesday.
Interviews for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Div
idex will be held Tuesday afternoon
from 4 to G in the Excom room.
Applicants for the positions must
sign a list in the ASSU office before
Tuesday.
Interviews for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Div
idex will be held Tuesday afternoon
from 4 to G in the Excom room.
Applicants for the positions must
sign a list in the ASSU office before
Tuesday.
Interviews for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Div
idex will be held Tuesday afternoon
from 4 to G in the Excom room.
Applicants for the positions must
sign a list in the ASSU office before
Tuesday.
Interviews for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Div
idex will be held Tuesday afternoon
from 4 to G in the Excom room.
Applicants for the positions must
sign a list in the ASSU office before
Tuesday.
Interviews for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Div
idex will be held Tuesday afternoon
from 4 to G in the Excom room.
Applicants for the positions must
sign a list in the ASSU office before
Tuesday.
Interviews for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Div
idex will be held Tuesday afternoon
from 4 to G in the Excom room.
Applicants for the positions must
sign a list in the ASSU office before
Tuesday.
Interviews for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Div
idex will be held Tuesday afternoon
from 4 to G in the Excom room.
Applicants for the positions must
sign a list in the ASSU office before
Tuesday.
Interviews for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Div
idex will be held Tuesday afternoon
from 4 to G in the Excom room.
Applicants for the positions must
sign a list in the ASSU office before
Tuesday.
Interviews for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Div
idex will be held Tuesday afternoon
from 4 to G in the Excom room.
Applicants for the positions must
sign a list in the ASSU office before
Tuesday.
Interviews for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Div
idex will be held Tuesday afternoon
from 4 to G in the Excom room.
Applicants for the positions must
sign a list in the ASSU office before
Tuesday.
Interviews for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Div
idex will be held Tuesday afternoon
from 4 to G in the Excom room.
Applicants for the positions must
sign a list in the ASSU office before
Tuesday.
Interviews for manager of the In
former and co-managers of the Div
idex will be held Tuesday afternoon
from 4 to G in the Excom room.
Applicants for the positions must
sign a list in the ASSU office before
Tuesday.
