# Trip to Bowling Alley.
## 
### 
The Roble Gymnasium Club

instituted a wholly new departure
in athletics Thursday morning, by
going in a body to the Castle
Bowling Alley in Palo Alto, where
it had exclusive use of the build
ing for an hour. This is the first
time any outside work,inot directly
connected with the gymnasium,has
been done, and it will be followed
by pedestrian trips into the moun
tains, swimming, and rowing.
The Roble Gymnasium Club

instituted a wholly new departure
in athletics Thursday morning, by
going in a body to the Castle
Bowling Alley in Palo Alto, where
it had exclusive use of the build
ing for an hour. This is the first
time any outside work,inot directly
connected with the gymnasium,has
been done, and it will be followed
by pedestrian trips into the moun
tains, swimming, and rowing.
The Roble Gymnasium Club

instituted a wholly new departure
in athletics Thursday morning, by
going in a body to the Castle
Bowling Alley in Palo Alto, where
it had exclusive use of the build
ing for an hour. This is the first
time any outside work,inot directly
connected with the gymnasium,has
been done, and it will be followed
by pedestrian trips into the moun
tains, swimming, and rowing.
The Roble Gymnasium Club

instituted a wholly new departure
in athletics Thursday morning, by
going in a body to the Castle
Bowling Alley in Palo Alto, where
it had exclusive use of the build
ing for an hour. This is the first
time any outside work,inot directly
connected with the gymnasium,has
been done, and it will be followed
by pedestrian trips into the moun
tains, swimming, and rowing.
The Roble Gymnasium Club

instituted a wholly new departure
in athletics Thursday morning, by
going in a body to the Castle
Bowling Alley in Palo Alto, where
it had exclusive use of the build
ing for an hour. This is the first
time any outside work,inot directly
connected with the gymnasium,has
been done, and it will be followed
by pedestrian trips into the moun
tains, swimming, and rowing.
The Roble Gymnasium Club

instituted a wholly new departure
in athletics Thursday morning, by
going in a body to the Castle
Bowling Alley in Palo Alto, where
it had exclusive use of the build
ing for an hour. This is the first
time any outside work,inot directly
connected with the gymnasium,has
been done, and it will be followed
by pedestrian trips into the moun
tains, swimming, and rowing.
The Roble Gymnasium Club

instituted a wholly new departure
in athletics Thursday morning, by
going in a body to the Castle
Bowling Alley in Palo Alto, where
it had exclusive use of the build
ing for an hour. This is the first
time any outside work,inot directly
connected with the gymnasium,has
been done, and it will be followed
by pedestrian trips into the moun
tains, swimming, and rowing.
The Roble Gymnasium Club

instituted a wholly new departure
in athletics Thursday morning, by
going in a body to the Castle
Bowling Alley in Palo Alto, where
it had exclusive use of the build
ing for an hour. This is the first
time any outside work,inot directly
connected with the gymnasium,has
been done, and it will be followed
by pedestrian trips into the moun
tains, swimming, and rowing.
