# Room, Board Bills Come Due Friday
## 
### 
Room and board hills for this
spring' quarter must he paid at
the Cashier's Oi l ice in Enema
Hall by this Friday, April 1(1.
Office hours are S a.m. to 5
p.m. All payments made after
April 10 will he subject to a
late fee.
Room and board hills for this
spring' quarter must he paid at
the Cashier's Oi l ice in Enema
Hall by this Friday, April 1(1.
Office hours are S a.m. to 5
p.m. All payments made after
April 10 will he subject to a
late fee.
Room and board hills for this
spring' quarter must he paid at
the Cashier's Oi l ice in Enema
Hall by this Friday, April 1(1.
Office hours are S a.m. to 5
p.m. All payments made after
April 10 will he subject to a
late fee.
Room and board hills for this
spring' quarter must he paid at
the Cashier's Oi l ice in Enema
Hall by this Friday, April 1(1.
Office hours are S a.m. to 5
p.m. All payments made after
April 10 will he subject to a
late fee.
Room and board hills for this
spring' quarter must he paid at
the Cashier's Oi l ice in Enema
Hall by this Friday, April 1(1.
Office hours are S a.m. to 5
p.m. All payments made after
April 10 will he subject to a
late fee.
Room and board hills for this
spring' quarter must he paid at
the Cashier's Oi l ice in Enema
Hall by this Friday, April 1(1.
Office hours are S a.m. to 5
p.m. All payments made after
April 10 will he subject to a
late fee.
Room and board hills for this
spring' quarter must he paid at
the Cashier's Oi l ice in Enema
Hall by this Friday, April 1(1.
Office hours are S a.m. to 5
p.m. All payments made after
April 10 will he subject to a
late fee.
Room and board hills for this
spring' quarter must he paid at
the Cashier's Oi l ice in Enema
Hall by this Friday, April 1(1.
Office hours are S a.m. to 5
p.m. All payments made after
April 10 will he subject to a
late fee.
Room and board hills for this
spring' quarter must he paid at
the Cashier's Oi l ice in Enema
Hall by this Friday, April 1(1.
Office hours are S a.m. to 5
p.m. All payments made after
April 10 will he subject to a
late fee.
Room and board hills for this
spring' quarter must he paid at
the Cashier's Oi l ice in Enema
Hall by this Friday, April 1(1.
Office hours are S a.m. to 5
p.m. All payments made after
April 10 will he subject to a
late fee.
Room and board hills for this
spring' quarter must he paid at
the Cashier's Oi l ice in Enema
Hall by this Friday, April 1(1.
Office hours are S a.m. to 5
p.m. All payments made after
April 10 will he subject to a
late fee.
Room and board hills for this
spring' quarter must he paid at
the Cashier's Oi l ice in Enema
Hall by this Friday, April 1(1.
Office hours are S a.m. to 5
p.m. All payments made after
April 10 will he subject to a
late fee.
Room and board hills for this
spring' quarter must he paid at
the Cashier's Oi l ice in Enema
Hall by this Friday, April 1(1.
Office hours are S a.m. to 5
p.m. All payments made after
April 10 will he subject to a
late fee.
Room and board hills for this
spring' quarter must he paid at
the Cashier's Oi l ice in Enema
Hall by this Friday, April 1(1.
Office hours are S a.m. to 5
p.m. All payments made after
April 10 will he subject to a
late fee.
Room and board hills for this
spring' quarter must he paid at
the Cashier's Oi l ice in Enema
Hall by this Friday, April 1(1.
Office hours are S a.m. to 5
p.m. All payments made after
April 10 will he subject to a
late fee.
