# Wednesday Mixer
## 
### 
Tresidder Union will begin
sponsoring Wednesday night roc
real ion on April 15. Organized
pool, billiards, ping-pong, and
bowling will be featured. Bowlers
may participate in their own or
in a mixed red-pin tournament.
Students, faculty, and staff in
icrested in the mixed tournament
may sign up at the Tresidder
Bowling Alley desk. Attendance
every Wednesday night is not
mandatory. The tournament will
begin at 9 p.m., April Blh but
signups will continue through
seven weeks. Trophies will be
awarded to the members of Iho
highest scoring team and also to
the individual high scorer.
On Wednesday, April 15, the
Wednesday evening mixer will
provide free refreshments and a
band.
Tresidder Union will begin
sponsoring Wednesday night roc
real ion on April 15. Organized
pool, billiards, ping-pong, and
bowling will be featured. Bowlers
may participate in their own or
in a mixed red-pin tournament.
Students, faculty, and staff in
icrested in the mixed tournament
may sign up at the Tresidder
Bowling Alley desk. Attendance
every Wednesday night is not
mandatory. The tournament will
begin at 9 p.m., April Blh but
signups will continue through
seven weeks. Trophies will be
awarded to the members of Iho
highest scoring team and also to
the individual high scorer.
On Wednesday, April 15, the
Wednesday evening mixer will
provide free refreshments and a
band.
Tresidder Union will begin
sponsoring Wednesday night roc
real ion on April 15. Organized
pool, billiards, ping-pong, and
bowling will be featured. Bowlers
may participate in their own or
in a mixed red-pin tournament.
Students, faculty, and staff in
icrested in the mixed tournament
may sign up at the Tresidder
Bowling Alley desk. Attendance
every Wednesday night is not
mandatory. The tournament will
begin at 9 p.m., April Blh but
signups will continue through
seven weeks. Trophies will be
awarded to the members of Iho
highest scoring team and also to
the individual high scorer.
On Wednesday, April 15, the
Wednesday evening mixer will
provide free refreshments and a
band.
Tresidder Union will begin
sponsoring Wednesday night roc
real ion on April 15. Organized
pool, billiards, ping-pong, and
bowling will be featured. Bowlers
may participate in their own or
in a mixed red-pin tournament.
Students, faculty, and staff in
icrested in the mixed tournament
may sign up at the Tresidder
Bowling Alley desk. Attendance
every Wednesday night is not
mandatory. The tournament will
begin at 9 p.m., April Blh but
signups will continue through
seven weeks. Trophies will be
awarded to the members of Iho
highest scoring team and also to
the individual high scorer.
On Wednesday, April 15, the
Wednesday evening mixer will
provide free refreshments and a
band.
Tresidder Union will begin
sponsoring Wednesday night roc
real ion on April 15. Organized
pool, billiards, ping-pong, and
bowling will be featured. Bowlers
may participate in their own or
in a mixed red-pin tournament.
Students, faculty, and staff in
icrested in the mixed tournament
may sign up at the Tresidder
Bowling Alley desk. Attendance
every Wednesday night is not
mandatory. The tournament will
begin at 9 p.m., April Blh but
signups will continue through
seven weeks. Trophies will be
awarded to the members of Iho
highest scoring team and also to
the individual high scorer.
On Wednesday, April 15, the
Wednesday evening mixer will
provide free refreshments and a
band.
Tresidder Union will begin
sponsoring Wednesday night roc
real ion on April 15. Organized
pool, billiards, ping-pong, and
bowling will be featured. Bowlers
may participate in their own or
in a mixed red-pin tournament.
Students, faculty, and staff in
icrested in the mixed tournament
may sign up at the Tresidder
Bowling Alley desk. Attendance
every Wednesday night is not
mandatory. The tournament will
begin at 9 p.m., April Blh but
signups will continue through
seven weeks. Trophies will be
awarded to the members of Iho
highest scoring team and also to
the individual high scorer.
On Wednesday, April 15, the
Wednesday evening mixer will
provide free refreshments and a
band.
Tresidder Union will begin
sponsoring Wednesday night roc
real ion on April 15. Organized
pool, billiards, ping-pong, and
bowling will be featured. Bowlers
may participate in their own or
in a mixed red-pin tournament.
Students, faculty, and staff in
icrested in the mixed tournament
may sign up at the Tresidder
Bowling Alley desk. Attendance
every Wednesday night is not
mandatory. The tournament will
begin at 9 p.m., April Blh but
signups will continue through
seven weeks. Trophies will be
awarded to the members of Iho
highest scoring team and also to
the individual high scorer.
On Wednesday, April 15, the
Wednesday evening mixer will
provide free refreshments and a
band.
Tresidder Union will begin
sponsoring Wednesday night roc
real ion on April 15. Organized
pool, billiards, ping-pong, and
bowling will be featured. Bowlers
may participate in their own or
in a mixed red-pin tournament.
Students, faculty, and staff in
icrested in the mixed tournament
may sign up at the Tresidder
Bowling Alley desk. Attendance
every Wednesday night is not
mandatory. The tournament will
begin at 9 p.m., April Blh but
signups will continue through
seven weeks. Trophies will be
awarded to the members of Iho
highest scoring team and also to
the individual high scorer.
On Wednesday, April 15, the
Wednesday evening mixer will
provide free refreshments and a
band.
Tresidder Union will begin
sponsoring Wednesday night roc
real ion on April 15. Organized
pool, billiards, ping-pong, and
bowling will be featured. Bowlers
may participate in their own or
in a mixed red-pin tournament.
Students, faculty, and staff in
icrested in the mixed tournament
may sign up at the Tresidder
Bowling Alley desk. Attendance
every Wednesday night is not
mandatory. The tournament will
begin at 9 p.m., April Blh but
signups will continue through
seven weeks. Trophies will be
awarded to the members of Iho
highest scoring team and also to
the individual high scorer.
On Wednesday, April 15, the
Wednesday evening mixer will
provide free refreshments and a
band.
Tresidder Union will begin
sponsoring Wednesday night roc
real ion on April 15. Organized
pool, billiards, ping-pong, and
bowling will be featured. Bowlers
may participate in their own or
in a mixed red-pin tournament.
Students, faculty, and staff in
icrested in the mixed tournament
may sign up at the Tresidder
Bowling Alley desk. Attendance
every Wednesday night is not
mandatory. The tournament will
begin at 9 p.m., April Blh but
signups will continue through
seven weeks. Trophies will be
awarded to the members of Iho
highest scoring team and also to
the individual high scorer.
On Wednesday, April 15, the
Wednesday evening mixer will
provide free refreshments and a
band.
Tresidder Union will begin
sponsoring Wednesday night roc
real ion on April 15. Organized
pool, billiards, ping-pong, and
bowling will be featured. Bowlers
may participate in their own or
in a mixed red-pin tournament.
Students, faculty, and staff in
icrested in the mixed tournament
may sign up at the Tresidder
Bowling Alley desk. Attendance
every Wednesday night is not
mandatory. The tournament will
begin at 9 p.m., April Blh but
signups will continue through
seven weeks. Trophies will be
awarded to the members of Iho
highest scoring team and also to
the individual high scorer.
On Wednesday, April 15, the
Wednesday evening mixer will
provide free refreshments and a
band.
Tresidder Union will begin
sponsoring Wednesday night roc
real ion on April 15. Organized
pool, billiards, ping-pong, and
bowling will be featured. Bowlers
may participate in their own or
in a mixed red-pin tournament.
Students, faculty, and staff in
icrested in the mixed tournament
may sign up at the Tresidder
Bowling Alley desk. Attendance
every Wednesday night is not
mandatory. The tournament will
begin at 9 p.m., April Blh but
signups will continue through
seven weeks. Trophies will be
awarded to the members of Iho
highest scoring team and also to
the individual high scorer.
On Wednesday, April 15, the
Wednesday evening mixer will
provide free refreshments and a
band.
Tresidder Union will begin
sponsoring Wednesday night roc
real ion on April 15. Organized
pool, billiards, ping-pong, and
bowling will be featured. Bowlers
may participate in their own or
in a mixed red-pin tournament.
Students, faculty, and staff in
icrested in the mixed tournament
may sign up at the Tresidder
Bowling Alley desk. Attendance
every Wednesday night is not
mandatory. The tournament will
begin at 9 p.m., April Blh but
signups will continue through
seven weeks. Trophies will be
awarded to the members of Iho
highest scoring team and also to
the individual high scorer.
On Wednesday, April 15, the
Wednesday evening mixer will
provide free refreshments and a
band.
Tresidder Union will begin
sponsoring Wednesday night roc
real ion on April 15. Organized
pool, billiards, ping-pong, and
bowling will be featured. Bowlers
may participate in their own or
in a mixed red-pin tournament.
Students, faculty, and staff in
icrested in the mixed tournament
may sign up at the Tresidder
Bowling Alley desk. Attendance
every Wednesday night is not
mandatory. The tournament will
begin at 9 p.m., April Blh but
signups will continue through
seven weeks. Trophies will be
awarded to the members of Iho
highest scoring team and also to
the individual high scorer.
On Wednesday, April 15, the
Wednesday evening mixer will
provide free refreshments and a
band.
Tresidder Union will begin
sponsoring Wednesday night roc
real ion on April 15. Organized
pool, billiards, ping-pong, and
bowling will be featured. Bowlers
may participate in their own or
in a mixed red-pin tournament.
Students, faculty, and staff in
icrested in the mixed tournament
may sign up at the Tresidder
Bowling Alley desk. Attendance
every Wednesday night is not
mandatory. The tournament will
begin at 9 p.m., April Blh but
signups will continue through
seven weeks. Trophies will be
awarded to the members of Iho
highest scoring team and also to
the individual high scorer.
On Wednesday, April 15, the
Wednesday evening mixer will
provide free refreshments and a
band.
