# Summer staffers
## 
### 
Anyone who will be loafing around
campus this summer or. God forbid,
working, and would like to bide some
idle hours by Daily labor, please come
to a summer staffers meeting today at
noon in the Daily office. Summer
editor Dianne Cahoon will explain ev
erything you want to know about put
ting out the twice a week summer

paper. Sufficient enticements will be
furnished.
Anyone who will be loafing around
campus this summer or. God forbid,
working, and would like to bide some
idle hours by Daily labor, please come
to a summer staffers meeting today at
noon in the Daily office. Summer
editor Dianne Cahoon will explain ev
erything you want to know about put
ting out the twice a week summer

paper. Sufficient enticements will be
furnished.
Anyone who will be loafing around
campus this summer or. God forbid,
working, and would like to bide some
idle hours by Daily labor, please come
to a summer staffers meeting today at
noon in the Daily office. Summer
editor Dianne Cahoon will explain ev
erything you want to know about put
ting out the twice a week summer

paper. Sufficient enticements will be
furnished.
Anyone who will be loafing around
campus this summer or. God forbid,
working, and would like to bide some
idle hours by Daily labor, please come
to a summer staffers meeting today at
noon in the Daily office. Summer
editor Dianne Cahoon will explain ev
erything you want to know about put
ting out the twice a week summer

paper. Sufficient enticements will be
furnished.
Anyone who will be loafing around
campus this summer or. God forbid,
working, and would like to bide some
idle hours by Daily labor, please come
to a summer staffers meeting today at
noon in the Daily office. Summer
editor Dianne Cahoon will explain ev
erything you want to know about put
ting out the twice a week summer

paper. Sufficient enticements will be
furnished.
Anyone who will be loafing around
campus this summer or. God forbid,
working, and would like to bide some
idle hours by Daily labor, please come
to a summer staffers meeting today at
noon in the Daily office. Summer
editor Dianne Cahoon will explain ev
erything you want to know about put
ting out the twice a week summer

paper. Sufficient enticements will be
furnished.
Anyone who will be loafing around
campus this summer or. God forbid,
working, and would like to bide some
idle hours by Daily labor, please come
to a summer staffers meeting today at
noon in the Daily office. Summer
editor Dianne Cahoon will explain ev
erything you want to know about put
ting out the twice a week summer

paper. Sufficient enticements will be
furnished.
Anyone who will be loafing around
campus this summer or. God forbid,
working, and would like to bide some
idle hours by Daily labor, please come
to a summer staffers meeting today at
noon in the Daily office. Summer
editor Dianne Cahoon will explain ev
erything you want to know about put
ting out the twice a week summer

paper. Sufficient enticements will be
furnished.
Anyone who will be loafing around
campus this summer or. God forbid,
working, and would like to bide some
idle hours by Daily labor, please come
to a summer staffers meeting today at
noon in the Daily office. Summer
editor Dianne Cahoon will explain ev
erything you want to know about put
ting out the twice a week summer

paper. Sufficient enticements will be
furnished.
