# The 						Knickerbocker Concert.
## 
### 
In the log-book of the Knicker
bockers, the concert at Stanford
Friday night will probably be set
down as a chill that only escaped
from falling below the freezing
point because of the warm appre
ciation tendered the company by
those who were fortunate enough to
attend the entertainment. The
performance was worth while and
deserved a big audience. The
Knickerbocker male quartette,
which was the nucleus of the com
pany, was a blend of harmony.
Its rendition of Geibel's "Hunting
Song," with "My Old Kentucky
Home" as an encore was the most
taking number of a thoroughly sat
isfying program. Bernhard Wal
ther's violin playing was also ap
preciated.
