# London Lectures on Socialism.
## 
### 
Jack London, one of the most suc
cessful of the present-day novelists,
spoke in Assembly Hall last evening
on the subject of Socialism. Ilis lec
ture, entitled "The Revolution," was
full of interest for his hearers. Lon
don prefaced this now famous lecture
with a few introductory remarks in
which he endeavored to determine in
the minds of the audience the aim and
the status of his remarks in reference
to the subject with which he dealt.
He said in part: "1 have learned that
the main thing necessary in present
ing Socialism is to arouse interest.
For years people have been listening
to page after page of dry statistics.
T have endeavored to deal a blow be
tween the eyes in the pages of this
lccturc. It deals only with the high
lights and if you tjo home with the
idea that these are not high lights
you will have an exaggerated idea of
Socialism. However, when I tell you
that there are today over seven mil
lions of 'comrades' enrolled in the
cause of Socialism or that certain or
the inhabitants of the New Yory slum
districts earn on an average of thirtv
ninc dollars per annum, I am giving
jou not theories but facts."
Jack London, one of the most suc
cessful of the present-day novelists,
spoke in Assembly Hall last evening
on the subject of Socialism. Ilis lec
ture, entitled "The Revolution," was
full of interest for his hearers. Lon
don prefaced this now famous lecture
with a few introductory remarks in
which he endeavored to determine in
the minds of the audience the aim and
the status of his remarks in reference
to the subject with which he dealt.
He said in part: "1 have learned that
the main thing necessary in present
ing Socialism is to arouse interest.
For years people have been listening
to page after page of dry statistics.
T have endeavored to deal a blow be
tween the eyes in the pages of this
lccturc. It deals only with the high
lights and if you tjo home with the
idea that these are not high lights
you will have an exaggerated idea of
Socialism. However, when I tell you
that there are today over seven mil
lions of 'comrades' enrolled in the
cause of Socialism or that certain or
the inhabitants of the New Yory slum
districts earn on an average of thirtv
ninc dollars per annum, I am giving
jou not theories but facts."
Jack London, one of the most suc
cessful of the present-day novelists,
spoke in Assembly Hall last evening
on the subject of Socialism. Ilis lec
ture, entitled "The Revolution," was
full of interest for his hearers. Lon
don prefaced this now famous lecture
with a few introductory remarks in
which he endeavored to determine in
the minds of the audience the aim and
the status of his remarks in reference
to the subject with which he dealt.
He said in part: "1 have learned that
the main thing necessary in present
ing Socialism is to arouse interest.
For years people have been listening
to page after page of dry statistics.
T have endeavored to deal a blow be
tween the eyes in the pages of this
lccturc. It deals only with the high
lights and if you tjo home with the
idea that these are not high lights
you will have an exaggerated idea of
Socialism. However, when I tell you
that there are today over seven mil
lions of 'comrades' enrolled in the
cause of Socialism or that certain or
the inhabitants of the New Yory slum
districts earn on an average of thirtv
ninc dollars per annum, I am giving
jou not theories but facts."
Jack London, one of the most suc
cessful of the present-day novelists,
spoke in Assembly Hall last evening
on the subject of Socialism. Ilis lec
ture, entitled "The Revolution," was
full of interest for his hearers. Lon
don prefaced this now famous lecture
with a few introductory remarks in
which he endeavored to determine in
the minds of the audience the aim and
the status of his remarks in reference
to the subject with which he dealt.
He said in part: "1 have learned that
the main thing necessary in present
ing Socialism is to arouse interest.
For years people have been listening
to page after page of dry statistics.
T have endeavored to deal a blow be
tween the eyes in the pages of this
lccturc. It deals only with the high
lights and if you tjo home with the
idea that these are not high lights
you will have an exaggerated idea of
Socialism. However, when I tell you
that there are today over seven mil
lions of 'comrades' enrolled in the
cause of Socialism or that certain or
the inhabitants of the New Yory slum
districts earn on an average of thirtv
ninc dollars per annum, I am giving
jou not theories but facts."
Jack London, one of the most suc
cessful of the present-day novelists,
spoke in Assembly Hall last evening
on the subject of Socialism. Ilis lec
ture, entitled "The Revolution," was
full of interest for his hearers. Lon
don prefaced this now famous lecture
with a few introductory remarks in
which he endeavored to determine in
the minds of the audience the aim and
the status of his remarks in reference
to the subject with which he dealt.
He said in part: "1 have learned that
the main thing necessary in present
ing Socialism is to arouse interest.
For years people have been listening
to page after page of dry statistics.
T have endeavored to deal a blow be
tween the eyes in the pages of this
lccturc. It deals only with the high
lights and if you tjo home with the
idea that these are not high lights
you will have an exaggerated idea of
Socialism. However, when I tell you
that there are today over seven mil
lions of 'comrades' enrolled in the
cause of Socialism or that certain or
the inhabitants of the New Yory slum
districts earn on an average of thirtv
ninc dollars per annum, I am giving
jou not theories but facts."
Jack London, one of the most suc
cessful of the present-day novelists,
spoke in Assembly Hall last evening
on the subject of Socialism. Ilis lec
ture, entitled "The Revolution," was
full of interest for his hearers. Lon
don prefaced this now famous lecture
with a few introductory remarks in
which he endeavored to determine in
the minds of the audience the aim and
the status of his remarks in reference
to the subject with which he dealt.
He said in part: "1 have learned that
the main thing necessary in present
ing Socialism is to arouse interest.
For years people have been listening
to page after page of dry statistics.
T have endeavored to deal a blow be
tween the eyes in the pages of this
lccturc. It deals only with the high
lights and if you tjo home with the
idea that these are not high lights
you will have an exaggerated idea of
Socialism. However, when I tell you
that there are today over seven mil
lions of 'comrades' enrolled in the
cause of Socialism or that certain or
the inhabitants of the New Yory slum
districts earn on an average of thirtv
ninc dollars per annum, I am giving
jou not theories but facts."
Jack London, one of the most suc
cessful of the present-day novelists,
spoke in Assembly Hall last evening
on the subject of Socialism. Ilis lec
ture, entitled "The Revolution," was
full of interest for his hearers. Lon
don prefaced this now famous lecture
with a few introductory remarks in
which he endeavored to determine in
the minds of the audience the aim and
the status of his remarks in reference
to the subject with which he dealt.
He said in part: "1 have learned that
the main thing necessary in present
ing Socialism is to arouse interest.
For years people have been listening
to page after page of dry statistics.
T have endeavored to deal a blow be
tween the eyes in the pages of this
lccturc. It deals only with the high
lights and if you tjo home with the
idea that these are not high lights
you will have an exaggerated idea of
Socialism. However, when I tell you
that there are today over seven mil
lions of 'comrades' enrolled in the
cause of Socialism or that certain or
the inhabitants of the New Yory slum
districts earn on an average of thirtv
ninc dollars per annum, I am giving
jou not theories but facts."
Jack London, one of the most suc
cessful of the present-day novelists,
spoke in Assembly Hall last evening
on the subject of Socialism. Ilis lec
ture, entitled "The Revolution," was
full of interest for his hearers. Lon
don prefaced this now famous lecture
with a few introductory remarks in
which he endeavored to determine in
the minds of the audience the aim and
the status of his remarks in reference
to the subject with which he dealt.
He said in part: "1 have learned that
the main thing necessary in present
ing Socialism is to arouse interest.
For years people have been listening
to page after page of dry statistics.
T have endeavored to deal a blow be
tween the eyes in the pages of this
lccturc. It deals only with the high
lights and if you tjo home with the
idea that these are not high lights
you will have an exaggerated idea of
Socialism. However, when I tell you
that there are today over seven mil
lions of 'comrades' enrolled in the
cause of Socialism or that certain or
the inhabitants of the New Yory slum
districts earn on an average of thirtv
ninc dollars per annum, I am giving
jou not theories but facts."
Jack London, one of the most suc
cessful of the present-day novelists,
spoke in Assembly Hall last evening
on the subject of Socialism. Ilis lec
ture, entitled "The Revolution," was
full of interest for his hearers. Lon
don prefaced this now famous lecture
with a few introductory remarks in
which he endeavored to determine in
the minds of the audience the aim and
the status of his remarks in reference
to the subject with which he dealt.
He said in part: "1 have learned that
the main thing necessary in present
ing Socialism is to arouse interest.
For years people have been listening
to page after page of dry statistics.
T have endeavored to deal a blow be
tween the eyes in the pages of this
lccturc. It deals only with the high
lights and if you tjo home with the
idea that these are not high lights
you will have an exaggerated idea of
Socialism. However, when I tell you
that there are today over seven mil
lions of 'comrades' enrolled in the
cause of Socialism or that certain or
the inhabitants of the New Yory slum
districts earn on an average of thirtv
ninc dollars per annum, I am giving
jou not theories but facts."
