# Wilbur to Speak at Y.M.C.A. Conference at Asilomar
## 
### 
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
accepted the invitation of the Y. M.
C. A. Asilomar delegation to be one of
the speakers at the conference held
there from December 26 until Janu
ary 6.
The local delegation will be up to
usual strength, according to Secre
tary J. B. Watson, who reports much
interest in the conference this year.
The conference will be both for pur
poses of education and vacation. Men
from all California colleges will be
present at the Asilomar meeting.
Watson asks that Stanford men in
terested in the conference, see him
for information regarding it.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
accepted the invitation of the Y. M.
C. A. Asilomar delegation to be one of
the speakers at the conference held
there from December 26 until Janu
ary 6.
The local delegation will be up to
usual strength, according to Secre
tary J. B. Watson, who reports much
interest in the conference this year.
The conference will be both for pur
poses of education and vacation. Men
from all California colleges will be
present at the Asilomar meeting.
Watson asks that Stanford men in
terested in the conference, see him
for information regarding it.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
accepted the invitation of the Y. M.
C. A. Asilomar delegation to be one of
the speakers at the conference held
there from December 26 until Janu
ary 6.
The local delegation will be up to
usual strength, according to Secre
tary J. B. Watson, who reports much
interest in the conference this year.
The conference will be both for pur
poses of education and vacation. Men
from all California colleges will be
present at the Asilomar meeting.
Watson asks that Stanford men in
terested in the conference, see him
for information regarding it.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
accepted the invitation of the Y. M.
C. A. Asilomar delegation to be one of
the speakers at the conference held
there from December 26 until Janu
ary 6.
The local delegation will be up to
usual strength, according to Secre
tary J. B. Watson, who reports much
interest in the conference this year.
The conference will be both for pur
poses of education and vacation. Men
from all California colleges will be
present at the Asilomar meeting.
Watson asks that Stanford men in
terested in the conference, see him
for information regarding it.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
accepted the invitation of the Y. M.
C. A. Asilomar delegation to be one of
the speakers at the conference held
there from December 26 until Janu
ary 6.
The local delegation will be up to
usual strength, according to Secre
tary J. B. Watson, who reports much
interest in the conference this year.
The conference will be both for pur
poses of education and vacation. Men
from all California colleges will be
present at the Asilomar meeting.
Watson asks that Stanford men in
terested in the conference, see him
for information regarding it.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
accepted the invitation of the Y. M.
C. A. Asilomar delegation to be one of
the speakers at the conference held
there from December 26 until Janu
ary 6.
The local delegation will be up to
usual strength, according to Secre
tary J. B. Watson, who reports much
interest in the conference this year.
The conference will be both for pur
poses of education and vacation. Men
from all California colleges will be
present at the Asilomar meeting.
Watson asks that Stanford men in
terested in the conference, see him
for information regarding it.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
accepted the invitation of the Y. M.
C. A. Asilomar delegation to be one of
the speakers at the conference held
there from December 26 until Janu
ary 6.
The local delegation will be up to
usual strength, according to Secre
tary J. B. Watson, who reports much
interest in the conference this year.
The conference will be both for pur
poses of education and vacation. Men
from all California colleges will be
present at the Asilomar meeting.
Watson asks that Stanford men in
terested in the conference, see him
for information regarding it.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
accepted the invitation of the Y. M.
C. A. Asilomar delegation to be one of
the speakers at the conference held
there from December 26 until Janu
ary 6.
The local delegation will be up to
usual strength, according to Secre
tary J. B. Watson, who reports much
interest in the conference this year.
The conference will be both for pur
poses of education and vacation. Men
from all California colleges will be
present at the Asilomar meeting.
Watson asks that Stanford men in
terested in the conference, see him
for information regarding it.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
accepted the invitation of the Y. M.
C. A. Asilomar delegation to be one of
the speakers at the conference held
there from December 26 until Janu
ary 6.
The local delegation will be up to
usual strength, according to Secre
tary J. B. Watson, who reports much
interest in the conference this year.
The conference will be both for pur
poses of education and vacation. Men
from all California colleges will be
present at the Asilomar meeting.
Watson asks that Stanford men in
terested in the conference, see him
for information regarding it.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
accepted the invitation of the Y. M.
C. A. Asilomar delegation to be one of
the speakers at the conference held
there from December 26 until Janu
ary 6.
The local delegation will be up to
usual strength, according to Secre
tary J. B. Watson, who reports much
interest in the conference this year.
The conference will be both for pur
poses of education and vacation. Men
from all California colleges will be
present at the Asilomar meeting.
Watson asks that Stanford men in
terested in the conference, see him
for information regarding it.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
accepted the invitation of the Y. M.
C. A. Asilomar delegation to be one of
the speakers at the conference held
there from December 26 until Janu
ary 6.
The local delegation will be up to
usual strength, according to Secre
tary J. B. Watson, who reports much
interest in the conference this year.
The conference will be both for pur
poses of education and vacation. Men
from all California colleges will be
present at the Asilomar meeting.
Watson asks that Stanford men in
terested in the conference, see him
for information regarding it.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
accepted the invitation of the Y. M.
C. A. Asilomar delegation to be one of
the speakers at the conference held
there from December 26 until Janu
ary 6.
The local delegation will be up to
usual strength, according to Secre
tary J. B. Watson, who reports much
interest in the conference this year.
The conference will be both for pur
poses of education and vacation. Men
from all California colleges will be
present at the Asilomar meeting.
Watson asks that Stanford men in
terested in the conference, see him
for information regarding it.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
accepted the invitation of the Y. M.
C. A. Asilomar delegation to be one of
the speakers at the conference held
there from December 26 until Janu
ary 6.
The local delegation will be up to
usual strength, according to Secre
tary J. B. Watson, who reports much
interest in the conference this year.
The conference will be both for pur
poses of education and vacation. Men
from all California colleges will be
present at the Asilomar meeting.
Watson asks that Stanford men in
terested in the conference, see him
for information regarding it.
President Ray Lyman Wilbur has
accepted the invitation of the Y. M.
C. A. Asilomar delegation to be one of
the speakers at the conference held
there from December 26 until Janu
ary 6.
The local delegation will be up to
usual strength, according to Secre
tary J. B. Watson, who reports much
interest in the conference this year.
The conference will be both for pur
poses of education and vacation. Men
from all California colleges will be
present at the Asilomar meeting.
Watson asks that Stanford men in
terested in the conference, see him
for information regarding it.
