# Untitled Article
## 
### 
"Social Aspects of the Liquor Prob
lem" Is the new one-hour lecture
course which will be instituted in the
University curriculum for the next
semester.
"Social Aspects of the Liquor Prob
lem" Is the new one-hour lecture
course which will be instituted in the
University curriculum for the next
semester.
"Social Aspects of the Liquor Prob
lem" Is the new one-hour lecture
course which will be instituted in the
University curriculum for the next
semester.
"Social Aspects of the Liquor Prob
lem" Is the new one-hour lecture
course which will be instituted in the
University curriculum for the next
semester.
"Social Aspects of the Liquor Prob
lem" Is the new one-hour lecture
course which will be instituted in the
University curriculum for the next
semester.
"Social Aspects of the Liquor Prob
lem" Is the new one-hour lecture
course which will be instituted in the
University curriculum for the next
semester.
"Social Aspects of the Liquor Prob
lem" Is the new one-hour lecture
course which will be instituted in the
University curriculum for the next
semester.
"Social Aspects of the Liquor Prob
lem" Is the new one-hour lecture
course which will be instituted in the
University curriculum for the next
semester.
"Social Aspects of the Liquor Prob
lem" Is the new one-hour lecture
course which will be instituted in the
University curriculum for the next
semester.
"Social Aspects of the Liquor Prob
lem" Is the new one-hour lecture
course which will be instituted in the
University curriculum for the next
semester.
"Social Aspects of the Liquor Prob
lem" Is the new one-hour lecture
course which will be instituted in the
University curriculum for the next
semester.
"Social Aspects of the Liquor Prob
lem" Is the new one-hour lecture
course which will be instituted in the
University curriculum for the next
semester.
"Social Aspects of the Liquor Prob
lem" Is the new one-hour lecture
course which will be instituted in the
University curriculum for the next
semester.
"Social Aspects of the Liquor Prob
lem" Is the new one-hour lecture
course which will be instituted in the
University curriculum for the next
semester.
