# CONFER FOR CAMPUS BEAUTIFICATION
## 
### 
John McLaren, superintendent of
Golden Gate Pjirk, San Francisco,
conferred with President Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Slow
today, inspecting the campus, with
the view of making definite and far
reaching plans for planting trees and
shrubbery on the University grounds.
McLaren will draw up plans for the
planting and submit thorn in the near
future. The system in mind is to
plant trees and shrubs that can be

used both for scientific and beautify
ing purposes. The plan will be for
the entire grounds, including tbe ar
boretum, the Quad ground spots, the
bills near Lagunita, and practically
all ground near the Quadrangle.
Among other things, it was decided
to plant a number of oak trees near
Encina Hall. At first a considerable
number will be planted, but as they
grow larger only the better ones will
be allowed to grow.
John McLaren, superintendent of
Golden Gate Pjirk, San Francisco,
conferred with President Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Slow
today, inspecting the campus, with
the view of making definite and far
reaching plans for planting trees and
shrubbery on the University grounds.
McLaren will draw up plans for the
planting and submit thorn in the near
future. The system in mind is to
plant trees and shrubs that can be

used both for scientific and beautify
ing purposes. The plan will be for
the entire grounds, including tbe ar
boretum, the Quad ground spots, the
bills near Lagunita, and practically
all ground near the Quadrangle.
Among other things, it was decided
to plant a number of oak trees near
Encina Hall. At first a considerable
number will be planted, but as they
grow larger only the better ones will
be allowed to grow.
John McLaren, superintendent of
Golden Gate Pjirk, San Francisco,
conferred with President Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Slow
today, inspecting the campus, with
the view of making definite and far
reaching plans for planting trees and
shrubbery on the University grounds.
McLaren will draw up plans for the
planting and submit thorn in the near
future. The system in mind is to
plant trees and shrubs that can be

used both for scientific and beautify
ing purposes. The plan will be for
the entire grounds, including tbe ar
boretum, the Quad ground spots, the
bills near Lagunita, and practically
all ground near the Quadrangle.
Among other things, it was decided
to plant a number of oak trees near
Encina Hall. At first a considerable
number will be planted, but as they
grow larger only the better ones will
be allowed to grow.
John McLaren, superintendent of
Golden Gate Pjirk, San Francisco,
conferred with President Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Slow
today, inspecting the campus, with
the view of making definite and far
reaching plans for planting trees and
shrubbery on the University grounds.
McLaren will draw up plans for the
planting and submit thorn in the near
future. The system in mind is to
plant trees and shrubs that can be

used both for scientific and beautify
ing purposes. The plan will be for
the entire grounds, including tbe ar
boretum, the Quad ground spots, the
bills near Lagunita, and practically
all ground near the Quadrangle.
Among other things, it was decided
to plant a number of oak trees near
Encina Hall. At first a considerable
number will be planted, but as they
grow larger only the better ones will
be allowed to grow.
John McLaren, superintendent of
Golden Gate Pjirk, San Francisco,
conferred with President Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Slow
today, inspecting the campus, with
the view of making definite and far
reaching plans for planting trees and
shrubbery on the University grounds.
McLaren will draw up plans for the
planting and submit thorn in the near
future. The system in mind is to
plant trees and shrubs that can be

used both for scientific and beautify
ing purposes. The plan will be for
the entire grounds, including tbe ar
boretum, the Quad ground spots, the
bills near Lagunita, and practically
all ground near the Quadrangle.
Among other things, it was decided
to plant a number of oak trees near
Encina Hall. At first a considerable
number will be planted, but as they
grow larger only the better ones will
be allowed to grow.
John McLaren, superintendent of
Golden Gate Pjirk, San Francisco,
conferred with President Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Slow
today, inspecting the campus, with
the view of making definite and far
reaching plans for planting trees and
shrubbery on the University grounds.
McLaren will draw up plans for the
planting and submit thorn in the near
future. The system in mind is to
plant trees and shrubs that can be

used both for scientific and beautify
ing purposes. The plan will be for
the entire grounds, including tbe ar
boretum, the Quad ground spots, the
bills near Lagunita, and practically
all ground near the Quadrangle.
Among other things, it was decided
to plant a number of oak trees near
Encina Hall. At first a considerable
number will be planted, but as they
grow larger only the better ones will
be allowed to grow.
John McLaren, superintendent of
Golden Gate Pjirk, San Francisco,
conferred with President Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Slow
today, inspecting the campus, with
the view of making definite and far
reaching plans for planting trees and
shrubbery on the University grounds.
McLaren will draw up plans for the
planting and submit thorn in the near
future. The system in mind is to
plant trees and shrubs that can be

used both for scientific and beautify
ing purposes. The plan will be for
the entire grounds, including tbe ar
boretum, the Quad ground spots, the
bills near Lagunita, and practically
all ground near the Quadrangle.
Among other things, it was decided
to plant a number of oak trees near
Encina Hall. At first a considerable
number will be planted, but as they
grow larger only the better ones will
be allowed to grow.
John McLaren, superintendent of
Golden Gate Pjirk, San Francisco,
conferred with President Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Slow
today, inspecting the campus, with
the view of making definite and far
reaching plans for planting trees and
shrubbery on the University grounds.
McLaren will draw up plans for the
planting and submit thorn in the near
future. The system in mind is to
plant trees and shrubs that can be

used both for scientific and beautify
ing purposes. The plan will be for
the entire grounds, including tbe ar
boretum, the Quad ground spots, the
bills near Lagunita, and practically
all ground near the Quadrangle.
Among other things, it was decided
to plant a number of oak trees near
Encina Hall. At first a considerable
number will be planted, but as they
grow larger only the better ones will
be allowed to grow.
John McLaren, superintendent of
Golden Gate Pjirk, San Francisco,
conferred with President Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Slow
today, inspecting the campus, with
the view of making definite and far
reaching plans for planting trees and
shrubbery on the University grounds.
McLaren will draw up plans for the
planting and submit thorn in the near
future. The system in mind is to
plant trees and shrubs that can be

used both for scientific and beautify
ing purposes. The plan will be for
the entire grounds, including tbe ar
boretum, the Quad ground spots, the
bills near Lagunita, and practically
all ground near the Quadrangle.
Among other things, it was decided
to plant a number of oak trees near
Encina Hall. At first a considerable
number will be planted, but as they
grow larger only the better ones will
be allowed to grow.
John McLaren, superintendent of
Golden Gate Pjirk, San Francisco,
conferred with President Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Slow
today, inspecting the campus, with
the view of making definite and far
reaching plans for planting trees and
shrubbery on the University grounds.
McLaren will draw up plans for the
planting and submit thorn in the near
future. The system in mind is to
plant trees and shrubs that can be

used both for scientific and beautify
ing purposes. The plan will be for
the entire grounds, including tbe ar
boretum, the Quad ground spots, the
bills near Lagunita, and practically
all ground near the Quadrangle.
Among other things, it was decided
to plant a number of oak trees near
Encina Hall. At first a considerable
number will be planted, but as they
grow larger only the better ones will
be allowed to grow.
John McLaren, superintendent of
Golden Gate Pjirk, San Francisco,
conferred with President Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Slow
today, inspecting the campus, with
the view of making definite and far
reaching plans for planting trees and
shrubbery on the University grounds.
McLaren will draw up plans for the
planting and submit thorn in the near
future. The system in mind is to
plant trees and shrubs that can be

used both for scientific and beautify
ing purposes. The plan will be for
the entire grounds, including tbe ar
boretum, the Quad ground spots, the
bills near Lagunita, and practically
all ground near the Quadrangle.
Among other things, it was decided
to plant a number of oak trees near
Encina Hall. At first a considerable
number will be planted, but as they
grow larger only the better ones will
be allowed to grow.
John McLaren, superintendent of
Golden Gate Pjirk, San Francisco,
conferred with President Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Slow
today, inspecting the campus, with
the view of making definite and far
reaching plans for planting trees and
shrubbery on the University grounds.
McLaren will draw up plans for the
planting and submit thorn in the near
future. The system in mind is to
plant trees and shrubs that can be

used both for scientific and beautify
ing purposes. The plan will be for
the entire grounds, including tbe ar
boretum, the Quad ground spots, the
bills near Lagunita, and practically
all ground near the Quadrangle.
Among other things, it was decided
to plant a number of oak trees near
Encina Hall. At first a considerable
number will be planted, but as they
grow larger only the better ones will
be allowed to grow.
John McLaren, superintendent of
Golden Gate Pjirk, San Francisco,
conferred with President Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Slow
today, inspecting the campus, with
the view of making definite and far
reaching plans for planting trees and
shrubbery on the University grounds.
McLaren will draw up plans for the
planting and submit thorn in the near
future. The system in mind is to
plant trees and shrubs that can be

used both for scientific and beautify
ing purposes. The plan will be for
the entire grounds, including tbe ar
boretum, the Quad ground spots, the
bills near Lagunita, and practically
all ground near the Quadrangle.
Among other things, it was decided
to plant a number of oak trees near
Encina Hall. At first a considerable
number will be planted, but as they
grow larger only the better ones will
be allowed to grow.
John McLaren, superintendent of
Golden Gate Pjirk, San Francisco,
conferred with President Wilbur and
Business Manager Vanderlynn Slow
today, inspecting the campus, with
the view of making definite and far
reaching plans for planting trees and
shrubbery on the University grounds.
McLaren will draw up plans for the
planting and submit thorn in the near
future. The system in mind is to
plant trees and shrubs that can be

used both for scientific and beautify
ing purposes. The plan will be for
the entire grounds, including tbe ar
boretum, the Quad ground spots, the
bills near Lagunita, and practically
all ground near the Quadrangle.
Among other things, it was decided
to plant a number of oak trees near
Encina Hall. At first a considerable
number will be planted, but as they
grow larger only the better ones will
be allowed to grow.
