# Young Artists' Market Calls for Local Talent
## 
### 
All artists in this vicinity, from
college age up to 35, are urged to
submit their works of art to the
Young Artists' Market, which is
holding a sale on Nov. 17 in the
Women's Club of Palo Alto, 475 Ho
mer Avenue.
All types of art are acceptable and
must be turned in for judging on
Friday or Saturday, Nov. 7 and 8,
from 1 to 5 p.m., according to Mrs.
Charles H. Nason, art chairman. For
a change of date or additional in
formation the applicants may call
Mrs. Grover V. Ratherbury at PA
2-1097 or BG9 Melville Avenue, Palo
Alto.
All artists in this vicinity, from
college age up to 35, are urged to
submit their works of art to the
Young Artists' Market, which is
holding a sale on Nov. 17 in the
Women's Club of Palo Alto, 475 Ho
mer Avenue.
All types of art are acceptable and
must be turned in for judging on
Friday or Saturday, Nov. 7 and 8,
from 1 to 5 p.m., according to Mrs.
Charles H. Nason, art chairman. For
a change of date or additional in
formation the applicants may call
Mrs. Grover V. Ratherbury at PA
2-1097 or BG9 Melville Avenue, Palo
Alto.
All artists in this vicinity, from
college age up to 35, are urged to
submit their works of art to the
Young Artists' Market, which is
holding a sale on Nov. 17 in the
Women's Club of Palo Alto, 475 Ho
mer Avenue.
All types of art are acceptable and
must be turned in for judging on
Friday or Saturday, Nov. 7 and 8,
from 1 to 5 p.m., according to Mrs.
Charles H. Nason, art chairman. For
a change of date or additional in
formation the applicants may call
Mrs. Grover V. Ratherbury at PA
2-1097 or BG9 Melville Avenue, Palo
Alto.
All artists in this vicinity, from
college age up to 35, are urged to
submit their works of art to the
Young Artists' Market, which is
holding a sale on Nov. 17 in the
Women's Club of Palo Alto, 475 Ho
mer Avenue.
All types of art are acceptable and
must be turned in for judging on
Friday or Saturday, Nov. 7 and 8,
from 1 to 5 p.m., according to Mrs.
Charles H. Nason, art chairman. For
a change of date or additional in
formation the applicants may call
Mrs. Grover V. Ratherbury at PA
2-1097 or BG9 Melville Avenue, Palo
Alto.
All artists in this vicinity, from
college age up to 35, are urged to
submit their works of art to the
Young Artists' Market, which is
holding a sale on Nov. 17 in the
Women's Club of Palo Alto, 475 Ho
mer Avenue.
All types of art are acceptable and
must be turned in for judging on
Friday or Saturday, Nov. 7 and 8,
from 1 to 5 p.m., according to Mrs.
Charles H. Nason, art chairman. For
a change of date or additional in
formation the applicants may call
Mrs. Grover V. Ratherbury at PA
2-1097 or BG9 Melville Avenue, Palo
Alto.
All artists in this vicinity, from
college age up to 35, are urged to
submit their works of art to the
Young Artists' Market, which is
holding a sale on Nov. 17 in the
Women's Club of Palo Alto, 475 Ho
mer Avenue.
All types of art are acceptable and
must be turned in for judging on
Friday or Saturday, Nov. 7 and 8,
from 1 to 5 p.m., according to Mrs.
Charles H. Nason, art chairman. For
a change of date or additional in
formation the applicants may call
Mrs. Grover V. Ratherbury at PA
2-1097 or BG9 Melville Avenue, Palo
Alto.
All artists in this vicinity, from
college age up to 35, are urged to
submit their works of art to the
Young Artists' Market, which is
holding a sale on Nov. 17 in the
Women's Club of Palo Alto, 475 Ho
mer Avenue.
All types of art are acceptable and
must be turned in for judging on
Friday or Saturday, Nov. 7 and 8,
from 1 to 5 p.m., according to Mrs.
Charles H. Nason, art chairman. For
a change of date or additional in
formation the applicants may call
Mrs. Grover V. Ratherbury at PA
2-1097 or BG9 Melville Avenue, Palo
Alto.
All artists in this vicinity, from
college age up to 35, are urged to
submit their works of art to the
Young Artists' Market, which is
holding a sale on Nov. 17 in the
Women's Club of Palo Alto, 475 Ho
mer Avenue.
All types of art are acceptable and
must be turned in for judging on
Friday or Saturday, Nov. 7 and 8,
from 1 to 5 p.m., according to Mrs.
Charles H. Nason, art chairman. For
a change of date or additional in
formation the applicants may call
Mrs. Grover V. Ratherbury at PA
2-1097 or BG9 Melville Avenue, Palo
Alto.
All artists in this vicinity, from
college age up to 35, are urged to
submit their works of art to the
Young Artists' Market, which is
holding a sale on Nov. 17 in the
Women's Club of Palo Alto, 475 Ho
mer Avenue.
All types of art are acceptable and
must be turned in for judging on
Friday or Saturday, Nov. 7 and 8,
from 1 to 5 p.m., according to Mrs.
Charles H. Nason, art chairman. For
a change of date or additional in
formation the applicants may call
Mrs. Grover V. Ratherbury at PA
2-1097 or BG9 Melville Avenue, Palo
Alto.
All artists in this vicinity, from
college age up to 35, are urged to
submit their works of art to the
Young Artists' Market, which is
holding a sale on Nov. 17 in the
Women's Club of Palo Alto, 475 Ho
mer Avenue.
All types of art are acceptable and
must be turned in for judging on
Friday or Saturday, Nov. 7 and 8,
from 1 to 5 p.m., according to Mrs.
Charles H. Nason, art chairman. For
a change of date or additional in
formation the applicants may call
Mrs. Grover V. Ratherbury at PA
2-1097 or BG9 Melville Avenue, Palo
Alto.
All artists in this vicinity, from
college age up to 35, are urged to
submit their works of art to the
Young Artists' Market, which is
holding a sale on Nov. 17 in the
Women's Club of Palo Alto, 475 Ho
mer Avenue.
All types of art are acceptable and
must be turned in for judging on
Friday or Saturday, Nov. 7 and 8,
from 1 to 5 p.m., according to Mrs.
Charles H. Nason, art chairman. For
a change of date or additional in
formation the applicants may call
Mrs. Grover V. Ratherbury at PA
2-1097 or BG9 Melville Avenue, Palo
Alto.
All artists in this vicinity, from
college age up to 35, are urged to
submit their works of art to the
Young Artists' Market, which is
holding a sale on Nov. 17 in the
Women's Club of Palo Alto, 475 Ho
mer Avenue.
All types of art are acceptable and
must be turned in for judging on
Friday or Saturday, Nov. 7 and 8,
from 1 to 5 p.m., according to Mrs.
Charles H. Nason, art chairman. For
a change of date or additional in
formation the applicants may call
Mrs. Grover V. Ratherbury at PA
2-1097 or BG9 Melville Avenue, Palo
Alto.
All artists in this vicinity, from
college age up to 35, are urged to
submit their works of art to the
Young Artists' Market, which is
holding a sale on Nov. 17 in the
Women's Club of Palo Alto, 475 Ho
mer Avenue.
All types of art are acceptable and
must be turned in for judging on
Friday or Saturday, Nov. 7 and 8,
from 1 to 5 p.m., according to Mrs.
Charles H. Nason, art chairman. For
a change of date or additional in
formation the applicants may call
Mrs. Grover V. Ratherbury at PA
2-1097 or BG9 Melville Avenue, Palo
Alto.
All artists in this vicinity, from
college age up to 35, are urged to
submit their works of art to the
Young Artists' Market, which is
holding a sale on Nov. 17 in the
Women's Club of Palo Alto, 475 Ho
mer Avenue.
All types of art are acceptable and
must be turned in for judging on
Friday or Saturday, Nov. 7 and 8,
from 1 to 5 p.m., according to Mrs.
Charles H. Nason, art chairman. For
a change of date or additional in
formation the applicants may call
Mrs. Grover V. Ratherbury at PA
2-1097 or BG9 Melville Avenue, Palo
Alto.
All artists in this vicinity, from
college age up to 35, are urged to
submit their works of art to the
Young Artists' Market, which is
holding a sale on Nov. 17 in the
Women's Club of Palo Alto, 475 Ho
mer Avenue.
All types of art are acceptable and
must be turned in for judging on
Friday or Saturday, Nov. 7 and 8,
from 1 to 5 p.m., according to Mrs.
Charles H. Nason, art chairman. For
a change of date or additional in
formation the applicants may call
Mrs. Grover V. Ratherbury at PA
2-1097 or BG9 Melville Avenue, Palo
Alto.
All artists in this vicinity, from
college age up to 35, are urged to
submit their works of art to the
Young Artists' Market, which is
holding a sale on Nov. 17 in the
Women's Club of Palo Alto, 475 Ho
mer Avenue.
All types of art are acceptable and
must be turned in for judging on
Friday or Saturday, Nov. 7 and 8,
from 1 to 5 p.m., according to Mrs.
Charles H. Nason, art chairman. For
a change of date or additional in
formation the applicants may call
Mrs. Grover V. Ratherbury at PA
2-1097 or BG9 Melville Avenue, Palo
Alto.
