# Young Journalists To Meet at Farm
## 
### 
High school journalists will gath
er at Stanford Saturday for the 24th
annual Central California Scholastic
Press Association convention. Ap
proximately 50 schools will be rep
resented.
At the opening morning session a
color movie, "Magazine Magic," will
be shown. Then will follow a series
of panel discussions dealing with
problems of high school journalism.
A news-writing contest will be held.
In the afternoon Dr. Chilton R.
Bush, head of the division of jour
nalism, will address the entire as
sembly on "Vocational Opportuni
ties in the Field of Journalism."
After the serious work is over,
Stanford's journalism societies will
entertain the future journalists.
Sigma Delta Chi, professional jour
nalistic fraternity, will conduct a
tour of the campus in the afternoon,
and will sponsor a jolly-up in con
junction with Theta Sigma Phi, pro
fessional journalistic sorority.
