# NEW PLAYS FOR BEARS
## 
### 
BERKELEY, Oct. 21 (UP). -
Coach Lynn Waldorf today installed
a new set of plays for California's
unbeaten football team to spring
against Southern California here
Saturday in ihe West Coast's "game
of the year."
The Bears ran through a dummy
defensive scrimmage against USC
plays, and Waldorf admitted they
"looked all right." He said Ihe
Bears should enter Ihe game as un
derdogs, however.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21 (UP). -
Coach Lynn Waldorf today installed
a new set of plays for California's
unbeaten football team to spring
against Southern California here
Saturday in ihe West Coast's "game
of the year."
The Bears ran through a dummy
defensive scrimmage against USC
plays, and Waldorf admitted they
"looked all right." He said Ihe
Bears should enter Ihe game as un
derdogs, however.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21 (UP). -
Coach Lynn Waldorf today installed
a new set of plays for California's
unbeaten football team to spring
against Southern California here
Saturday in ihe West Coast's "game
of the year."
The Bears ran through a dummy
defensive scrimmage against USC
plays, and Waldorf admitted they
"looked all right." He said Ihe
Bears should enter Ihe game as un
derdogs, however.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21 (UP). -
Coach Lynn Waldorf today installed
a new set of plays for California's
unbeaten football team to spring
against Southern California here
Saturday in ihe West Coast's "game
of the year."
The Bears ran through a dummy
defensive scrimmage against USC
plays, and Waldorf admitted they
"looked all right." He said Ihe
Bears should enter Ihe game as un
derdogs, however.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21 (UP). -
Coach Lynn Waldorf today installed
a new set of plays for California's
unbeaten football team to spring
against Southern California here
Saturday in ihe West Coast's "game
of the year."
The Bears ran through a dummy
defensive scrimmage against USC
plays, and Waldorf admitted they
"looked all right." He said Ihe
Bears should enter Ihe game as un
derdogs, however.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21 (UP). -
Coach Lynn Waldorf today installed
a new set of plays for California's
unbeaten football team to spring
against Southern California here
Saturday in ihe West Coast's "game
of the year."
The Bears ran through a dummy
defensive scrimmage against USC
plays, and Waldorf admitted they
"looked all right." He said Ihe
Bears should enter Ihe game as un
derdogs, however.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21 (UP). -
Coach Lynn Waldorf today installed
a new set of plays for California's
unbeaten football team to spring
against Southern California here
Saturday in ihe West Coast's "game
of the year."
The Bears ran through a dummy
defensive scrimmage against USC
plays, and Waldorf admitted they
"looked all right." He said Ihe
Bears should enter Ihe game as un
derdogs, however.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21 (UP). -
Coach Lynn Waldorf today installed
a new set of plays for California's
unbeaten football team to spring
against Southern California here
Saturday in ihe West Coast's "game
of the year."
The Bears ran through a dummy
defensive scrimmage against USC
plays, and Waldorf admitted they
"looked all right." He said Ihe
Bears should enter Ihe game as un
derdogs, however.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21 (UP). -
Coach Lynn Waldorf today installed
a new set of plays for California's
unbeaten football team to spring
against Southern California here
Saturday in ihe West Coast's "game
of the year."
The Bears ran through a dummy
defensive scrimmage against USC
plays, and Waldorf admitted they
"looked all right." He said Ihe
Bears should enter Ihe game as un
derdogs, however.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21 (UP). -
Coach Lynn Waldorf today installed
a new set of plays for California's
unbeaten football team to spring
against Southern California here
Saturday in ihe West Coast's "game
of the year."
The Bears ran through a dummy
defensive scrimmage against USC
plays, and Waldorf admitted they
"looked all right." He said Ihe
Bears should enter Ihe game as un
derdogs, however.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21 (UP). -
Coach Lynn Waldorf today installed
a new set of plays for California's
unbeaten football team to spring
against Southern California here
Saturday in ihe West Coast's "game
of the year."
The Bears ran through a dummy
defensive scrimmage against USC
plays, and Waldorf admitted they
"looked all right." He said Ihe
Bears should enter Ihe game as un
derdogs, however.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21 (UP). -
Coach Lynn Waldorf today installed
a new set of plays for California's
unbeaten football team to spring
against Southern California here
Saturday in ihe West Coast's "game
of the year."
The Bears ran through a dummy
defensive scrimmage against USC
plays, and Waldorf admitted they
"looked all right." He said Ihe
Bears should enter Ihe game as un
derdogs, however.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21 (UP). -
Coach Lynn Waldorf today installed
a new set of plays for California's
unbeaten football team to spring
against Southern California here
Saturday in ihe West Coast's "game
of the year."
The Bears ran through a dummy
defensive scrimmage against USC
plays, and Waldorf admitted they
"looked all right." He said Ihe
Bears should enter Ihe game as un
derdogs, however.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21 (UP). -
Coach Lynn Waldorf today installed
a new set of plays for California's
unbeaten football team to spring
against Southern California here
Saturday in ihe West Coast's "game
of the year."
The Bears ran through a dummy
defensive scrimmage against USC
plays, and Waldorf admitted they
"looked all right." He said Ihe
Bears should enter Ihe game as un
derdogs, however.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21 (UP). -
Coach Lynn Waldorf today installed
a new set of plays for California's
unbeaten football team to spring
against Southern California here
Saturday in ihe West Coast's "game
of the year."
The Bears ran through a dummy
defensive scrimmage against USC
plays, and Waldorf admitted they
"looked all right." He said Ihe
Bears should enter Ihe game as un
derdogs, however.
BERKELEY, Oct. 21 (UP). -
Coach Lynn Waldorf today installed
a new set of plays for California's
unbeaten football team to spring
against Southern California here
Saturday in ihe West Coast's "game
of the year."
The Bears ran through a dummy
defensive scrimmage against USC
plays, and Waldorf admitted they
"looked all right." He said Ihe
Bears should enter Ihe game as un
derdogs, however.
