# 'Daily' Tryouts To Start Tonight; All Students Eligible
## 
### 
"All hail, prospective newspaper
men !"
The management of Ihe Stanford
Daily starts its semi-annual try
outs for new staff members tonight,
when those interested in work on
the paper will gather at the Daily
office at 8 o'clock.
"Work on a college newspaper
is one of the most interesting ac
tivities on the campus," according
to Buford O. Brown, associate pro
fessor of journalism. "It tends to
increase the power of observation
and ability of expression in the
student, besides keeping him in
close touch with college activity."
Under the direction of Sylva
Weaver, women's editor, and Gale
Wallace, associate editor, tryoutees
will be given opening instructions
for the week of selection and elim
ination. Interesting and varied
work on the staff is promised to
new members, with the chance to
work up to night editor, associate
editor, and editor-in-chief. New
students as well as old are urged
to try for a berth on the Daily
masthead.
The Daily office is located near
the Press building at the Publica
tions corner.
"All hail, prospective newspaper
men !"
The management of Ihe Stanford
Daily starts its semi-annual try
outs for new staff members tonight,
when those interested in work on
the paper will gather at the Daily
office at 8 o'clock.
"Work on a college newspaper
is one of the most interesting ac
tivities on the campus," according
to Buford O. Brown, associate pro
fessor of journalism. "It tends to
increase the power of observation
and ability of expression in the
student, besides keeping him in
close touch with college activity."
Under the direction of Sylva
Weaver, women's editor, and Gale
Wallace, associate editor, tryoutees
will be given opening instructions
for the week of selection and elim
ination. Interesting and varied
work on the staff is promised to
new members, with the chance to
work up to night editor, associate
editor, and editor-in-chief. New
students as well as old are urged
to try for a berth on the Daily
masthead.
The Daily office is located near
the Press building at the Publica
tions corner.
"All hail, prospective newspaper
men !"
The management of Ihe Stanford
Daily starts its semi-annual try
outs for new staff members tonight,
when those interested in work on
the paper will gather at the Daily
office at 8 o'clock.
"Work on a college newspaper
is one of the most interesting ac
tivities on the campus," according
to Buford O. Brown, associate pro
fessor of journalism. "It tends to
increase the power of observation
and ability of expression in the
student, besides keeping him in
close touch with college activity."
Under the direction of Sylva
Weaver, women's editor, and Gale
Wallace, associate editor, tryoutees
will be given opening instructions
for the week of selection and elim
ination. Interesting and varied
work on the staff is promised to
new members, with the chance to
work up to night editor, associate
editor, and editor-in-chief. New
students as well as old are urged
to try for a berth on the Daily
masthead.
The Daily office is located near
the Press building at the Publica
tions corner.
"All hail, prospective newspaper
men !"
The management of Ihe Stanford
Daily starts its semi-annual try
outs for new staff members tonight,
when those interested in work on
the paper will gather at the Daily
office at 8 o'clock.
"Work on a college newspaper
is one of the most interesting ac
tivities on the campus," according
to Buford O. Brown, associate pro
fessor of journalism. "It tends to
increase the power of observation
and ability of expression in the
student, besides keeping him in
close touch with college activity."
Under the direction of Sylva
Weaver, women's editor, and Gale
Wallace, associate editor, tryoutees
will be given opening instructions
for the week of selection and elim
ination. Interesting and varied
work on the staff is promised to
new members, with the chance to
work up to night editor, associate
editor, and editor-in-chief. New
students as well as old are urged
to try for a berth on the Daily
masthead.
The Daily office is located near
the Press building at the Publica
tions corner.
"All hail, prospective newspaper
men !"
The management of Ihe Stanford
Daily starts its semi-annual try
outs for new staff members tonight,
when those interested in work on
the paper will gather at the Daily
office at 8 o'clock.
"Work on a college newspaper
is one of the most interesting ac
tivities on the campus," according
to Buford O. Brown, associate pro
fessor of journalism. "It tends to
increase the power of observation
and ability of expression in the
student, besides keeping him in
close touch with college activity."
Under the direction of Sylva
Weaver, women's editor, and Gale
Wallace, associate editor, tryoutees
will be given opening instructions
for the week of selection and elim
ination. Interesting and varied
work on the staff is promised to
new members, with the chance to
work up to night editor, associate
editor, and editor-in-chief. New
students as well as old are urged
to try for a berth on the Daily
masthead.
The Daily office is located near
the Press building at the Publica
tions corner.
"All hail, prospective newspaper
men !"
The management of Ihe Stanford
Daily starts its semi-annual try
outs for new staff members tonight,
when those interested in work on
the paper will gather at the Daily
office at 8 o'clock.
"Work on a college newspaper
is one of the most interesting ac
tivities on the campus," according
to Buford O. Brown, associate pro
fessor of journalism. "It tends to
increase the power of observation
and ability of expression in the
student, besides keeping him in
close touch with college activity."
Under the direction of Sylva
Weaver, women's editor, and Gale
Wallace, associate editor, tryoutees
will be given opening instructions
for the week of selection and elim
ination. Interesting and varied
work on the staff is promised to
new members, with the chance to
work up to night editor, associate
editor, and editor-in-chief. New
students as well as old are urged
to try for a berth on the Daily
masthead.
The Daily office is located near
the Press building at the Publica
tions corner.
"All hail, prospective newspaper
men !"
The management of Ihe Stanford
Daily starts its semi-annual try
outs for new staff members tonight,
when those interested in work on
the paper will gather at the Daily
office at 8 o'clock.
"Work on a college newspaper
is one of the most interesting ac
tivities on the campus," according
to Buford O. Brown, associate pro
fessor of journalism. "It tends to
increase the power of observation
and ability of expression in the
student, besides keeping him in
close touch with college activity."
Under the direction of Sylva
Weaver, women's editor, and Gale
Wallace, associate editor, tryoutees
will be given opening instructions
for the week of selection and elim
ination. Interesting and varied
work on the staff is promised to
new members, with the chance to
work up to night editor, associate
editor, and editor-in-chief. New
students as well as old are urged
to try for a berth on the Daily
masthead.
The Daily office is located near
the Press building at the Publica
tions corner.
"All hail, prospective newspaper
men !"
The management of Ihe Stanford
Daily starts its semi-annual try
outs for new staff members tonight,
when those interested in work on
the paper will gather at the Daily
office at 8 o'clock.
"Work on a college newspaper
is one of the most interesting ac
tivities on the campus," according
to Buford O. Brown, associate pro
fessor of journalism. "It tends to
increase the power of observation
and ability of expression in the
student, besides keeping him in
close touch with college activity."
Under the direction of Sylva
Weaver, women's editor, and Gale
Wallace, associate editor, tryoutees
will be given opening instructions
for the week of selection and elim
ination. Interesting and varied
work on the staff is promised to
new members, with the chance to
work up to night editor, associate
editor, and editor-in-chief. New
students as well as old are urged
to try for a berth on the Daily
masthead.
The Daily office is located near
the Press building at the Publica
tions corner.
"All hail, prospective newspaper
men !"
The management of Ihe Stanford
Daily starts its semi-annual try
outs for new staff members tonight,
when those interested in work on
the paper will gather at the Daily
office at 8 o'clock.
"Work on a college newspaper
is one of the most interesting ac
tivities on the campus," according
to Buford O. Brown, associate pro
fessor of journalism. "It tends to
increase the power of observation
and ability of expression in the
student, besides keeping him in
close touch with college activity."
Under the direction of Sylva
Weaver, women's editor, and Gale
Wallace, associate editor, tryoutees
will be given opening instructions
for the week of selection and elim
ination. Interesting and varied
work on the staff is promised to
new members, with the chance to
work up to night editor, associate
editor, and editor-in-chief. New
students as well as old are urged
to try for a berth on the Daily
masthead.
The Daily office is located near
the Press building at the Publica
tions corner.
"All hail, prospective newspaper
men !"
The management of Ihe Stanford
Daily starts its semi-annual try
outs for new staff members tonight,
when those interested in work on
the paper will gather at the Daily
office at 8 o'clock.
"Work on a college newspaper
is one of the most interesting ac
tivities on the campus," according
to Buford O. Brown, associate pro
fessor of journalism. "It tends to
increase the power of observation
and ability of expression in the
student, besides keeping him in
close touch with college activity."
Under the direction of Sylva
Weaver, women's editor, and Gale
Wallace, associate editor, tryoutees
will be given opening instructions
for the week of selection and elim
ination. Interesting and varied
work on the staff is promised to
new members, with the chance to
work up to night editor, associate
editor, and editor-in-chief. New
students as well as old are urged
to try for a berth on the Daily
masthead.
The Daily office is located near
the Press building at the Publica
tions corner.
"All hail, prospective newspaper
men !"
The management of Ihe Stanford
Daily starts its semi-annual try
outs for new staff members tonight,
when those interested in work on
the paper will gather at the Daily
office at 8 o'clock.
"Work on a college newspaper
is one of the most interesting ac
tivities on the campus," according
to Buford O. Brown, associate pro
fessor of journalism. "It tends to
increase the power of observation
and ability of expression in the
student, besides keeping him in
close touch with college activity."
Under the direction of Sylva
Weaver, women's editor, and Gale
Wallace, associate editor, tryoutees
will be given opening instructions
for the week of selection and elim
ination. Interesting and varied
work on the staff is promised to
new members, with the chance to
work up to night editor, associate
editor, and editor-in-chief. New
students as well as old are urged
to try for a berth on the Daily
masthead.
The Daily office is located near
the Press building at the Publica
tions corner.
"All hail, prospective newspaper
men !"
The management of Ihe Stanford
Daily starts its semi-annual try
outs for new staff members tonight,
when those interested in work on
the paper will gather at the Daily
office at 8 o'clock.
"Work on a college newspaper
is one of the most interesting ac
tivities on the campus," according
to Buford O. Brown, associate pro
fessor of journalism. "It tends to
increase the power of observation
and ability of expression in the
student, besides keeping him in
close touch with college activity."
Under the direction of Sylva
Weaver, women's editor, and Gale
Wallace, associate editor, tryoutees
will be given opening instructions
for the week of selection and elim
ination. Interesting and varied
work on the staff is promised to
new members, with the chance to
work up to night editor, associate
editor, and editor-in-chief. New
students as well as old are urged
to try for a berth on the Daily
masthead.
The Daily office is located near
the Press building at the Publica
tions corner.
"All hail, prospective newspaper
men !"
The management of Ihe Stanford
Daily starts its semi-annual try
outs for new staff members tonight,
when those interested in work on
the paper will gather at the Daily
office at 8 o'clock.
"Work on a college newspaper
is one of the most interesting ac
tivities on the campus," according
to Buford O. Brown, associate pro
fessor of journalism. "It tends to
increase the power of observation
and ability of expression in the
student, besides keeping him in
close touch with college activity."
Under the direction of Sylva
Weaver, women's editor, and Gale
Wallace, associate editor, tryoutees
will be given opening instructions
for the week of selection and elim
ination. Interesting and varied
work on the staff is promised to
new members, with the chance to
work up to night editor, associate
editor, and editor-in-chief. New
students as well as old are urged
to try for a berth on the Daily
masthead.
The Daily office is located near
the Press building at the Publica
tions corner.
"All hail, prospective newspaper
men !"
The management of Ihe Stanford
Daily starts its semi-annual try
outs for new staff members tonight,
when those interested in work on
the paper will gather at the Daily
office at 8 o'clock.
"Work on a college newspaper
is one of the most interesting ac
tivities on the campus," according
to Buford O. Brown, associate pro
fessor of journalism. "It tends to
increase the power of observation
and ability of expression in the
student, besides keeping him in
close touch with college activity."
Under the direction of Sylva
Weaver, women's editor, and Gale
Wallace, associate editor, tryoutees
will be given opening instructions
for the week of selection and elim
ination. Interesting and varied
work on the staff is promised to
new members, with the chance to
work up to night editor, associate
editor, and editor-in-chief. New
students as well as old are urged
to try for a berth on the Daily
masthead.
The Daily office is located near
the Press building at the Publica
tions corner.
"All hail, prospective newspaper
men !"
The management of Ihe Stanford
Daily starts its semi-annual try
outs for new staff members tonight,
when those interested in work on
the paper will gather at the Daily
office at 8 o'clock.
"Work on a college newspaper
is one of the most interesting ac
tivities on the campus," according
to Buford O. Brown, associate pro
fessor of journalism. "It tends to
increase the power of observation
and ability of expression in the
student, besides keeping him in
close touch with college activity."
Under the direction of Sylva
Weaver, women's editor, and Gale
Wallace, associate editor, tryoutees
will be given opening instructions
for the week of selection and elim
ination. Interesting and varied
work on the staff is promised to
new members, with the chance to
work up to night editor, associate
editor, and editor-in-chief. New
students as well as old are urged
to try for a berth on the Daily
masthead.
The Daily office is located near
the Press building at the Publica
tions corner.
"All hail, prospective newspaper
men !"
The management of Ihe Stanford
Daily starts its semi-annual try
outs for new staff members tonight,
when those interested in work on
the paper will gather at the Daily
office at 8 o'clock.
"Work on a college newspaper
is one of the most interesting ac
tivities on the campus," according
to Buford O. Brown, associate pro
fessor of journalism. "It tends to
increase the power of observation
and ability of expression in the
student, besides keeping him in
close touch with college activity."
Under the direction of Sylva
Weaver, women's editor, and Gale
Wallace, associate editor, tryoutees
will be given opening instructions
for the week of selection and elim
ination. Interesting and varied
work on the staff is promised to
new members, with the chance to
work up to night editor, associate
editor, and editor-in-chief. New
students as well as old are urged
to try for a berth on the Daily
masthead.
The Daily office is located near
the Press building at the Publica
tions corner.
