# Educational Practice Is Discussed By Benjamin
## 
### 
Dangers of attempting to raise
educational practice to a scientific
level were noted by Dr. Harold
Benjamin, associate professor of
education, i na talk before the
Stanford Grammar School Parent
Teacher Association Thursday af
ternoon. Present educational prac
tice is largely on a common sense
basis, Benjamin said.
Dangers of attempting to raise
educational practice to a scientific
level were noted by Dr. Harold
Benjamin, associate professor of
education, i na talk before the
Stanford Grammar School Parent
Teacher Association Thursday af
ternoon. Present educational prac
tice is largely on a common sense
basis, Benjamin said.
Dangers of attempting to raise
educational practice to a scientific
level were noted by Dr. Harold
Benjamin, associate professor of
education, i na talk before the
Stanford Grammar School Parent
Teacher Association Thursday af
ternoon. Present educational prac
tice is largely on a common sense
basis, Benjamin said.
Dangers of attempting to raise
educational practice to a scientific
level were noted by Dr. Harold
Benjamin, associate professor of
education, i na talk before the
Stanford Grammar School Parent
Teacher Association Thursday af
ternoon. Present educational prac
tice is largely on a common sense
basis, Benjamin said.
Dangers of attempting to raise
educational practice to a scientific
level were noted by Dr. Harold
Benjamin, associate professor of
education, i na talk before the
Stanford Grammar School Parent
Teacher Association Thursday af
ternoon. Present educational prac
tice is largely on a common sense
basis, Benjamin said.
Dangers of attempting to raise
educational practice to a scientific
level were noted by Dr. Harold
Benjamin, associate professor of
education, i na talk before the
Stanford Grammar School Parent
Teacher Association Thursday af
ternoon. Present educational prac
tice is largely on a common sense
basis, Benjamin said.
Dangers of attempting to raise
educational practice to a scientific
level were noted by Dr. Harold
Benjamin, associate professor of
education, i na talk before the
Stanford Grammar School Parent
Teacher Association Thursday af
ternoon. Present educational prac
tice is largely on a common sense
basis, Benjamin said.
Dangers of attempting to raise
educational practice to a scientific
level were noted by Dr. Harold
Benjamin, associate professor of
education, i na talk before the
Stanford Grammar School Parent
Teacher Association Thursday af
ternoon. Present educational prac
tice is largely on a common sense
basis, Benjamin said.
Dangers of attempting to raise
educational practice to a scientific
level were noted by Dr. Harold
Benjamin, associate professor of
education, i na talk before the
Stanford Grammar School Parent
Teacher Association Thursday af
ternoon. Present educational prac
tice is largely on a common sense
basis, Benjamin said.
Dangers of attempting to raise
educational practice to a scientific
level were noted by Dr. Harold
Benjamin, associate professor of
education, i na talk before the
Stanford Grammar School Parent
Teacher Association Thursday af
ternoon. Present educational prac
tice is largely on a common sense
basis, Benjamin said.
Dangers of attempting to raise
educational practice to a scientific
level were noted by Dr. Harold
Benjamin, associate professor of
education, i na talk before the
Stanford Grammar School Parent
Teacher Association Thursday af
ternoon. Present educational prac
tice is largely on a common sense
basis, Benjamin said.
Dangers of attempting to raise
educational practice to a scientific
level were noted by Dr. Harold
Benjamin, associate professor of
education, i na talk before the
Stanford Grammar School Parent
Teacher Association Thursday af
ternoon. Present educational prac
tice is largely on a common sense
basis, Benjamin said.
Dangers of attempting to raise
educational practice to a scientific
level were noted by Dr. Harold
Benjamin, associate professor of
education, i na talk before the
Stanford Grammar School Parent
Teacher Association Thursday af
ternoon. Present educational prac
tice is largely on a common sense
basis, Benjamin said.
Dangers of attempting to raise
educational practice to a scientific
level were noted by Dr. Harold
Benjamin, associate professor of
education, i na talk before the
Stanford Grammar School Parent
Teacher Association Thursday af
ternoon. Present educational prac
tice is largely on a common sense
basis, Benjamin said.
Dangers of attempting to raise
educational practice to a scientific
level were noted by Dr. Harold
Benjamin, associate professor of
education, i na talk before the
Stanford Grammar School Parent
Teacher Association Thursday af
ternoon. Present educational prac
tice is largely on a common sense
basis, Benjamin said.
Dangers of attempting to raise
educational practice to a scientific
level were noted by Dr. Harold
Benjamin, associate professor of
education, i na talk before the
Stanford Grammar School Parent
Teacher Association Thursday af
ternoon. Present educational prac
tice is largely on a common sense
basis, Benjamin said.
