# ANNOUNCEMENTS
## 
### 
MONDAY
12:45p.m.—Tickets for the Law
rence Tibbett concert to be held
next Monthly, will so on sale ui
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old
Union, at $1, $J. 50, and $2.
3:00 p.m.—Faculty Women's Club
Valentine meeting in Women's
Clubhouse, upstairs.
7:30 p.m.- Meeting of freshman
chess team will be held in the
lobby of the Old Union.
7:30 p.m.- English Review Club, at
tin' home of Professor Kennedy,
435 Coleridge Ave., Palo Alto.
TUESDAY
2:30 p.m. The reading group of
the Stanford Dames will meet at
the home of Mrs. J. It. Arkush,
522 Webster street.
4:o<t p.m. Dr. Cleliu 1). Mosher will
receive all University students
until U o'clock at her home, 764
Santa Ynez.
4:15 p.m.—The regular Tuesday af
ternoon organ recital in tire Me
morial Church by Warren 1). Al
len.
7:30 p.m.—Assembly Hall lecture:
"Vergil's Prophecy of a Messiah
—The Fourth Eclogue," by Pro
fessor Marbury 15. Ogle of Ohio
State University.
WEDNESDAY
8:00 p.m. Research Club meeting
in the Faculty Clubhouse. Papers
will he read by Professors A. F.
Rogers and A. C. Whitaker.
8:15 p.m. Hawaii-Stanford debate
in the Assembly Hall, "Resolved,
That English Criticism of Ameri
can Education is Justified."
THURSDAY
1: I p.m.—Vesper service in the
Memorial Church. Speaker, Dr.
Ross. Followed by Warren I). Al
len's regular Thursday afternoon
organ recital at 4:30.
MISCELLANEOUS
QUAD PROOFS must be in by Fri
day. Return them to the Quad
desk in the Y.M.C.A. office in
the Old Union'.
MONDAY
12:45p.m.—Tickets for the Law
rence Tibbett concert to be held
next Monthly, will so on sale ui
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old
Union, at $1, $J. 50, and $2.
3:00 p.m.—Faculty Women's Club
Valentine meeting in Women's
Clubhouse, upstairs.
7:30 p.m.- Meeting of freshman
chess team will be held in the
lobby of the Old Union.
7:30 p.m.- English Review Club, at
tin' home of Professor Kennedy,
435 Coleridge Ave., Palo Alto.
TUESDAY
2:30 p.m. The reading group of
the Stanford Dames will meet at
the home of Mrs. J. It. Arkush,
522 Webster street.
4:o<t p.m. Dr. Cleliu 1). Mosher will
receive all University students
until U o'clock at her home, 764
Santa Ynez.
4:15 p.m.—The regular Tuesday af
ternoon organ recital in tire Me
morial Church by Warren 1). Al
len.
7:30 p.m.—Assembly Hall lecture:
"Vergil's Prophecy of a Messiah
—The Fourth Eclogue," by Pro
fessor Marbury 15. Ogle of Ohio
State University.
WEDNESDAY
8:00 p.m. Research Club meeting
in the Faculty Clubhouse. Papers
will he read by Professors A. F.
Rogers and A. C. Whitaker.
8:15 p.m. Hawaii-Stanford debate
in the Assembly Hall, "Resolved,
That English Criticism of Ameri
can Education is Justified."
THURSDAY
1: I p.m.—Vesper service in the
Memorial Church. Speaker, Dr.
Ross. Followed by Warren I). Al
len's regular Thursday afternoon
organ recital at 4:30.
MISCELLANEOUS
QUAD PROOFS must be in by Fri
day. Return them to the Quad
desk in the Y.M.C.A. office in
the Old Union'.
MONDAY
12:45p.m.—Tickets for the Law
rence Tibbett concert to be held
next Monthly, will so on sale ui
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old
Union, at $1, $J. 50, and $2.
3:00 p.m.—Faculty Women's Club
Valentine meeting in Women's
Clubhouse, upstairs.
7:30 p.m.- Meeting of freshman
chess team will be held in the
lobby of the Old Union.
7:30 p.m.- English Review Club, at
tin' home of Professor Kennedy,
435 Coleridge Ave., Palo Alto.
TUESDAY
2:30 p.m. The reading group of
the Stanford Dames will meet at
the home of Mrs. J. It. Arkush,
522 Webster street.
4:o<t p.m. Dr. Cleliu 1). Mosher will
receive all University students
until U o'clock at her home, 764
Santa Ynez.
4:15 p.m.—The regular Tuesday af
ternoon organ recital in tire Me
morial Church by Warren 1). Al
len.
7:30 p.m.—Assembly Hall lecture:
"Vergil's Prophecy of a Messiah
—The Fourth Eclogue," by Pro
fessor Marbury 15. Ogle of Ohio
State University.
WEDNESDAY
8:00 p.m. Research Club meeting
in the Faculty Clubhouse. Papers
will he read by Professors A. F.
Rogers and A. C. Whitaker.
8:15 p.m. Hawaii-Stanford debate
in the Assembly Hall, "Resolved,
That English Criticism of Ameri
can Education is Justified."
THURSDAY
1: I p.m.—Vesper service in the
Memorial Church. Speaker, Dr.
Ross. Followed by Warren I). Al
len's regular Thursday afternoon
organ recital at 4:30.
MISCELLANEOUS
QUAD PROOFS must be in by Fri
day. Return them to the Quad
desk in the Y.M.C.A. office in
the Old Union'.
MONDAY
12:45p.m.—Tickets for the Law
rence Tibbett concert to be held
next Monthly, will so on sale ui
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old
Union, at $1, $J. 50, and $2.
3:00 p.m.—Faculty Women's Club
Valentine meeting in Women's
Clubhouse, upstairs.
7:30 p.m.- Meeting of freshman
chess team will be held in the
lobby of the Old Union.
7:30 p.m.- English Review Club, at
tin' home of Professor Kennedy,
435 Coleridge Ave., Palo Alto.
TUESDAY
2:30 p.m. The reading group of
the Stanford Dames will meet at
the home of Mrs. J. It. Arkush,
522 Webster street.
4:o<t p.m. Dr. Cleliu 1). Mosher will
receive all University students
until U o'clock at her home, 764
Santa Ynez.
4:15 p.m.—The regular Tuesday af
ternoon organ recital in tire Me
morial Church by Warren 1). Al
len.
7:30 p.m.—Assembly Hall lecture:
"Vergil's Prophecy of a Messiah
—The Fourth Eclogue," by Pro
fessor Marbury 15. Ogle of Ohio
State University.
WEDNESDAY
8:00 p.m. Research Club meeting
in the Faculty Clubhouse. Papers
will he read by Professors A. F.
Rogers and A. C. Whitaker.
8:15 p.m. Hawaii-Stanford debate
in the Assembly Hall, "Resolved,
That English Criticism of Ameri
can Education is Justified."
THURSDAY
1: I p.m.—Vesper service in the
Memorial Church. Speaker, Dr.
Ross. Followed by Warren I). Al
len's regular Thursday afternoon
organ recital at 4:30.
MISCELLANEOUS
QUAD PROOFS must be in by Fri
day. Return them to the Quad
desk in the Y.M.C.A. office in
the Old Union'.
MONDAY
12:45p.m.—Tickets for the Law
rence Tibbett concert to be held
next Monthly, will so on sale ui
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old
Union, at $1, $J. 50, and $2.
3:00 p.m.—Faculty Women's Club
Valentine meeting in Women's
Clubhouse, upstairs.
7:30 p.m.- Meeting of freshman
chess team will be held in the
lobby of the Old Union.
7:30 p.m.- English Review Club, at
tin' home of Professor Kennedy,
435 Coleridge Ave., Palo Alto.
TUESDAY
2:30 p.m. The reading group of
the Stanford Dames will meet at
the home of Mrs. J. It. Arkush,
522 Webster street.
4:o<t p.m. Dr. Cleliu 1). Mosher will
receive all University students
until U o'clock at her home, 764
Santa Ynez.
4:15 p.m.—The regular Tuesday af
ternoon organ recital in tire Me
morial Church by Warren 1). Al
len.
7:30 p.m.—Assembly Hall lecture:
"Vergil's Prophecy of a Messiah
—The Fourth Eclogue," by Pro
fessor Marbury 15. Ogle of Ohio
State University.
WEDNESDAY
8:00 p.m. Research Club meeting
in the Faculty Clubhouse. Papers
will he read by Professors A. F.
Rogers and A. C. Whitaker.
8:15 p.m. Hawaii-Stanford debate
in the Assembly Hall, "Resolved,
That English Criticism of Ameri
can Education is Justified."
THURSDAY
1: I p.m.—Vesper service in the
Memorial Church. Speaker, Dr.
Ross. Followed by Warren I). Al
len's regular Thursday afternoon
organ recital at 4:30.
MISCELLANEOUS
QUAD PROOFS must be in by Fri
day. Return them to the Quad
desk in the Y.M.C.A. office in
the Old Union'.
MONDAY
12:45p.m.—Tickets for the Law
rence Tibbett concert to be held
next Monthly, will so on sale ui
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old
Union, at $1, $J. 50, and $2.
3:00 p.m.—Faculty Women's Club
Valentine meeting in Women's
Clubhouse, upstairs.
7:30 p.m.- Meeting of freshman
chess team will be held in the
lobby of the Old Union.
7:30 p.m.- English Review Club, at
tin' home of Professor Kennedy,
435 Coleridge Ave., Palo Alto.
TUESDAY
2:30 p.m. The reading group of
the Stanford Dames will meet at
the home of Mrs. J. It. Arkush,
522 Webster street.
4:o<t p.m. Dr. Cleliu 1). Mosher will
receive all University students
until U o'clock at her home, 764
Santa Ynez.
4:15 p.m.—The regular Tuesday af
ternoon organ recital in tire Me
morial Church by Warren 1). Al
len.
7:30 p.m.—Assembly Hall lecture:
"Vergil's Prophecy of a Messiah
—The Fourth Eclogue," by Pro
fessor Marbury 15. Ogle of Ohio
State University.
WEDNESDAY
8:00 p.m. Research Club meeting
in the Faculty Clubhouse. Papers
will he read by Professors A. F.
Rogers and A. C. Whitaker.
8:15 p.m. Hawaii-Stanford debate
in the Assembly Hall, "Resolved,
That English Criticism of Ameri
can Education is Justified."
THURSDAY
1: I p.m.—Vesper service in the
Memorial Church. Speaker, Dr.
Ross. Followed by Warren I). Al
len's regular Thursday afternoon
organ recital at 4:30.
MISCELLANEOUS
QUAD PROOFS must be in by Fri
day. Return them to the Quad
desk in the Y.M.C.A. office in
the Old Union'.
MONDAY
12:45p.m.—Tickets for the Law
rence Tibbett concert to be held
next Monthly, will so on sale ui
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old
Union, at $1, $J. 50, and $2.
3:00 p.m.—Faculty Women's Club
Valentine meeting in Women's
Clubhouse, upstairs.
7:30 p.m.- Meeting of freshman
chess team will be held in the
lobby of the Old Union.
7:30 p.m.- English Review Club, at
tin' home of Professor Kennedy,
435 Coleridge Ave., Palo Alto.
TUESDAY
2:30 p.m. The reading group of
the Stanford Dames will meet at
the home of Mrs. J. It. Arkush,
522 Webster street.
4:o<t p.m. Dr. Cleliu 1). Mosher will
receive all University students
until U o'clock at her home, 764
Santa Ynez.
4:15 p.m.—The regular Tuesday af
ternoon organ recital in tire Me
morial Church by Warren 1). Al
len.
7:30 p.m.—Assembly Hall lecture:
"Vergil's Prophecy of a Messiah
—The Fourth Eclogue," by Pro
fessor Marbury 15. Ogle of Ohio
State University.
WEDNESDAY
8:00 p.m. Research Club meeting
in the Faculty Clubhouse. Papers
will he read by Professors A. F.
Rogers and A. C. Whitaker.
8:15 p.m. Hawaii-Stanford debate
in the Assembly Hall, "Resolved,
That English Criticism of Ameri
can Education is Justified."
THURSDAY
1: I p.m.—Vesper service in the
Memorial Church. Speaker, Dr.
Ross. Followed by Warren I). Al
len's regular Thursday afternoon
organ recital at 4:30.
MISCELLANEOUS
QUAD PROOFS must be in by Fri
day. Return them to the Quad
desk in the Y.M.C.A. office in
the Old Union'.
MONDAY
12:45p.m.—Tickets for the Law
rence Tibbett concert to be held
next Monthly, will so on sale ui
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old
Union, at $1, $J. 50, and $2.
3:00 p.m.—Faculty Women's Club
Valentine meeting in Women's
Clubhouse, upstairs.
7:30 p.m.- Meeting of freshman
chess team will be held in the
lobby of the Old Union.
7:30 p.m.- English Review Club, at
tin' home of Professor Kennedy,
435 Coleridge Ave., Palo Alto.
TUESDAY
2:30 p.m. The reading group of
the Stanford Dames will meet at
the home of Mrs. J. It. Arkush,
522 Webster street.
4:o<t p.m. Dr. Cleliu 1). Mosher will
receive all University students
until U o'clock at her home, 764
Santa Ynez.
4:15 p.m.—The regular Tuesday af
ternoon organ recital in tire Me
morial Church by Warren 1). Al
len.
7:30 p.m.—Assembly Hall lecture:
"Vergil's Prophecy of a Messiah
—The Fourth Eclogue," by Pro
fessor Marbury 15. Ogle of Ohio
State University.
WEDNESDAY
8:00 p.m. Research Club meeting
in the Faculty Clubhouse. Papers
will he read by Professors A. F.
Rogers and A. C. Whitaker.
8:15 p.m. Hawaii-Stanford debate
in the Assembly Hall, "Resolved,
That English Criticism of Ameri
can Education is Justified."
THURSDAY
1: I p.m.—Vesper service in the
Memorial Church. Speaker, Dr.
Ross. Followed by Warren I). Al
len's regular Thursday afternoon
organ recital at 4:30.
MISCELLANEOUS
QUAD PROOFS must be in by Fri
day. Return them to the Quad
desk in the Y.M.C.A. office in
the Old Union'.
MONDAY
12:45p.m.—Tickets for the Law
rence Tibbett concert to be held
next Monthly, will so on sale ui
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old
Union, at $1, $J. 50, and $2.
3:00 p.m.—Faculty Women's Club
Valentine meeting in Women's
Clubhouse, upstairs.
7:30 p.m.- Meeting of freshman
chess team will be held in the
lobby of the Old Union.
7:30 p.m.- English Review Club, at
tin' home of Professor Kennedy,
435 Coleridge Ave., Palo Alto.
TUESDAY
2:30 p.m. The reading group of
the Stanford Dames will meet at
the home of Mrs. J. It. Arkush,
522 Webster street.
4:o<t p.m. Dr. Cleliu 1). Mosher will
receive all University students
until U o'clock at her home, 764
Santa Ynez.
4:15 p.m.—The regular Tuesday af
ternoon organ recital in tire Me
morial Church by Warren 1). Al
len.
7:30 p.m.—Assembly Hall lecture:
"Vergil's Prophecy of a Messiah
—The Fourth Eclogue," by Pro
fessor Marbury 15. Ogle of Ohio
State University.
WEDNESDAY
8:00 p.m. Research Club meeting
in the Faculty Clubhouse. Papers
will he read by Professors A. F.
Rogers and A. C. Whitaker.
8:15 p.m. Hawaii-Stanford debate
in the Assembly Hall, "Resolved,
That English Criticism of Ameri
can Education is Justified."
THURSDAY
1: I p.m.—Vesper service in the
Memorial Church. Speaker, Dr.
Ross. Followed by Warren I). Al
len's regular Thursday afternoon
organ recital at 4:30.
MISCELLANEOUS
QUAD PROOFS must be in by Fri
day. Return them to the Quad
desk in the Y.M.C.A. office in
the Old Union'.
MONDAY
12:45p.m.—Tickets for the Law
rence Tibbett concert to be held
next Monthly, will so on sale ui
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old
Union, at $1, $J. 50, and $2.
3:00 p.m.—Faculty Women's Club
Valentine meeting in Women's
Clubhouse, upstairs.
7:30 p.m.- Meeting of freshman
chess team will be held in the
lobby of the Old Union.
7:30 p.m.- English Review Club, at
tin' home of Professor Kennedy,
435 Coleridge Ave., Palo Alto.
TUESDAY
2:30 p.m. The reading group of
the Stanford Dames will meet at
the home of Mrs. J. It. Arkush,
522 Webster street.
4:o<t p.m. Dr. Cleliu 1). Mosher will
receive all University students
until U o'clock at her home, 764
Santa Ynez.
4:15 p.m.—The regular Tuesday af
ternoon organ recital in tire Me
morial Church by Warren 1). Al
len.
7:30 p.m.—Assembly Hall lecture:
"Vergil's Prophecy of a Messiah
—The Fourth Eclogue," by Pro
fessor Marbury 15. Ogle of Ohio
State University.
WEDNESDAY
8:00 p.m. Research Club meeting
in the Faculty Clubhouse. Papers
will he read by Professors A. F.
Rogers and A. C. Whitaker.
8:15 p.m. Hawaii-Stanford debate
in the Assembly Hall, "Resolved,
That English Criticism of Ameri
can Education is Justified."
THURSDAY
1: I p.m.—Vesper service in the
Memorial Church. Speaker, Dr.
Ross. Followed by Warren I). Al
len's regular Thursday afternoon
organ recital at 4:30.
MISCELLANEOUS
QUAD PROOFS must be in by Fri
day. Return them to the Quad
desk in the Y.M.C.A. office in
the Old Union'.
MONDAY
12:45p.m.—Tickets for the Law
rence Tibbett concert to be held
next Monthly, will so on sale ui
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old
Union, at $1, $J. 50, and $2.
3:00 p.m.—Faculty Women's Club
Valentine meeting in Women's
Clubhouse, upstairs.
7:30 p.m.- Meeting of freshman
chess team will be held in the
lobby of the Old Union.
7:30 p.m.- English Review Club, at
tin' home of Professor Kennedy,
435 Coleridge Ave., Palo Alto.
TUESDAY
2:30 p.m. The reading group of
the Stanford Dames will meet at
the home of Mrs. J. It. Arkush,
522 Webster street.
4:o<t p.m. Dr. Cleliu 1). Mosher will
receive all University students
until U o'clock at her home, 764
Santa Ynez.
4:15 p.m.—The regular Tuesday af
ternoon organ recital in tire Me
morial Church by Warren 1). Al
len.
7:30 p.m.—Assembly Hall lecture:
"Vergil's Prophecy of a Messiah
—The Fourth Eclogue," by Pro
fessor Marbury 15. Ogle of Ohio
State University.
WEDNESDAY
8:00 p.m. Research Club meeting
in the Faculty Clubhouse. Papers
will he read by Professors A. F.
Rogers and A. C. Whitaker.
8:15 p.m. Hawaii-Stanford debate
in the Assembly Hall, "Resolved,
That English Criticism of Ameri
can Education is Justified."
THURSDAY
1: I p.m.—Vesper service in the
Memorial Church. Speaker, Dr.
Ross. Followed by Warren I). Al
len's regular Thursday afternoon
organ recital at 4:30.
MISCELLANEOUS
QUAD PROOFS must be in by Fri
day. Return them to the Quad
desk in the Y.M.C.A. office in
the Old Union'.
MONDAY
12:45p.m.—Tickets for the Law
rence Tibbett concert to be held
next Monthly, will so on sale ui
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old
Union, at $1, $J. 50, and $2.
3:00 p.m.—Faculty Women's Club
Valentine meeting in Women's
Clubhouse, upstairs.
7:30 p.m.- Meeting of freshman
chess team will be held in the
lobby of the Old Union.
7:30 p.m.- English Review Club, at
tin' home of Professor Kennedy,
435 Coleridge Ave., Palo Alto.
TUESDAY
2:30 p.m. The reading group of
the Stanford Dames will meet at
the home of Mrs. J. It. Arkush,
522 Webster street.
4:o<t p.m. Dr. Cleliu 1). Mosher will
receive all University students
until U o'clock at her home, 764
Santa Ynez.
4:15 p.m.—The regular Tuesday af
ternoon organ recital in tire Me
morial Church by Warren 1). Al
len.
7:30 p.m.—Assembly Hall lecture:
"Vergil's Prophecy of a Messiah
—The Fourth Eclogue," by Pro
fessor Marbury 15. Ogle of Ohio
State University.
WEDNESDAY
8:00 p.m. Research Club meeting
in the Faculty Clubhouse. Papers
will he read by Professors A. F.
Rogers and A. C. Whitaker.
8:15 p.m. Hawaii-Stanford debate
in the Assembly Hall, "Resolved,
That English Criticism of Ameri
can Education is Justified."
THURSDAY
1: I p.m.—Vesper service in the
Memorial Church. Speaker, Dr.
Ross. Followed by Warren I). Al
len's regular Thursday afternoon
organ recital at 4:30.
MISCELLANEOUS
QUAD PROOFS must be in by Fri
day. Return them to the Quad
desk in the Y.M.C.A. office in
the Old Union'.
MONDAY
12:45p.m.—Tickets for the Law
rence Tibbett concert to be held
next Monthly, will so on sale ui
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old
Union, at $1, $J. 50, and $2.
3:00 p.m.—Faculty Women's Club
Valentine meeting in Women's
Clubhouse, upstairs.
7:30 p.m.- Meeting of freshman
chess team will be held in the
lobby of the Old Union.
7:30 p.m.- English Review Club, at
tin' home of Professor Kennedy,
435 Coleridge Ave., Palo Alto.
TUESDAY
2:30 p.m. The reading group of
the Stanford Dames will meet at
the home of Mrs. J. It. Arkush,
522 Webster street.
4:o<t p.m. Dr. Cleliu 1). Mosher will
receive all University students
until U o'clock at her home, 764
Santa Ynez.
4:15 p.m.—The regular Tuesday af
ternoon organ recital in tire Me
morial Church by Warren 1). Al
len.
7:30 p.m.—Assembly Hall lecture:
"Vergil's Prophecy of a Messiah
—The Fourth Eclogue," by Pro
fessor Marbury 15. Ogle of Ohio
State University.
WEDNESDAY
8:00 p.m. Research Club meeting
in the Faculty Clubhouse. Papers
will he read by Professors A. F.
Rogers and A. C. Whitaker.
8:15 p.m. Hawaii-Stanford debate
in the Assembly Hall, "Resolved,
That English Criticism of Ameri
can Education is Justified."
THURSDAY
1: I p.m.—Vesper service in the
Memorial Church. Speaker, Dr.
Ross. Followed by Warren I). Al
len's regular Thursday afternoon
organ recital at 4:30.
MISCELLANEOUS
QUAD PROOFS must be in by Fri
day. Return them to the Quad
desk in the Y.M.C.A. office in
the Old Union'.
MONDAY
12:45p.m.—Tickets for the Law
rence Tibbett concert to be held
next Monthly, will so on sale ui
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old
Union, at $1, $J. 50, and $2.
3:00 p.m.—Faculty Women's Club
Valentine meeting in Women's
Clubhouse, upstairs.
7:30 p.m.- Meeting of freshman
chess team will be held in the
lobby of the Old Union.
7:30 p.m.- English Review Club, at
tin' home of Professor Kennedy,
435 Coleridge Ave., Palo Alto.
TUESDAY
2:30 p.m. The reading group of
the Stanford Dames will meet at
the home of Mrs. J. It. Arkush,
522 Webster street.
4:o<t p.m. Dr. Cleliu 1). Mosher will
receive all University students
until U o'clock at her home, 764
Santa Ynez.
4:15 p.m.—The regular Tuesday af
ternoon organ recital in tire Me
morial Church by Warren 1). Al
len.
7:30 p.m.—Assembly Hall lecture:
"Vergil's Prophecy of a Messiah
—The Fourth Eclogue," by Pro
fessor Marbury 15. Ogle of Ohio
State University.
WEDNESDAY
8:00 p.m. Research Club meeting
in the Faculty Clubhouse. Papers
will he read by Professors A. F.
Rogers and A. C. Whitaker.
8:15 p.m. Hawaii-Stanford debate
in the Assembly Hall, "Resolved,
That English Criticism of Ameri
can Education is Justified."
THURSDAY
1: I p.m.—Vesper service in the
Memorial Church. Speaker, Dr.
Ross. Followed by Warren I). Al
len's regular Thursday afternoon
organ recital at 4:30.
MISCELLANEOUS
QUAD PROOFS must be in by Fri
day. Return them to the Quad
desk in the Y.M.C.A. office in
the Old Union'.
MONDAY
12:45p.m.—Tickets for the Law
rence Tibbett concert to be held
next Monthly, will so on sale ui
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old
Union, at $1, $J. 50, and $2.
3:00 p.m.—Faculty Women's Club
Valentine meeting in Women's
Clubhouse, upstairs.
7:30 p.m.- Meeting of freshman
chess team will be held in the
lobby of the Old Union.
7:30 p.m.- English Review Club, at
tin' home of Professor Kennedy,
435 Coleridge Ave., Palo Alto.
TUESDAY
2:30 p.m. The reading group of
the Stanford Dames will meet at
the home of Mrs. J. It. Arkush,
522 Webster street.
4:o<t p.m. Dr. Cleliu 1). Mosher will
receive all University students
until U o'clock at her home, 764
Santa Ynez.
4:15 p.m.—The regular Tuesday af
ternoon organ recital in tire Me
morial Church by Warren 1). Al
len.
7:30 p.m.—Assembly Hall lecture:
"Vergil's Prophecy of a Messiah
—The Fourth Eclogue," by Pro
fessor Marbury 15. Ogle of Ohio
State University.
WEDNESDAY
8:00 p.m. Research Club meeting
in the Faculty Clubhouse. Papers
will he read by Professors A. F.
Rogers and A. C. Whitaker.
8:15 p.m. Hawaii-Stanford debate
in the Assembly Hall, "Resolved,
That English Criticism of Ameri
can Education is Justified."
THURSDAY
1: I p.m.—Vesper service in the
Memorial Church. Speaker, Dr.
Ross. Followed by Warren I). Al
len's regular Thursday afternoon
organ recital at 4:30.
MISCELLANEOUS
QUAD PROOFS must be in by Fri
day. Return them to the Quad
desk in the Y.M.C.A. office in
the Old Union'.
MONDAY
12:45p.m.—Tickets for the Law
rence Tibbett concert to be held
next Monthly, will so on sale ui
the A.S.S.U. office in the Old
Union, at $1, $J. 50, and $2.
3:00 p.m.—Faculty Women's Club
Valentine meeting in Women's
Clubhouse, upstairs.
7:30 p.m.- Meeting of freshman
chess team will be held in the
lobby of the Old Union.
7:30 p.m.- English Review Club, at
tin' home of Professor Kennedy,
435 Coleridge Ave., Palo Alto.
TUESDAY
2:30 p.m. The reading group of
the Stanford Dames will meet at
the home of Mrs. J. It. Arkush,
522 Webster street.
4:o<t p.m. Dr. Cleliu 1). Mosher will
receive all University students
until U o'clock at her home, 764
Santa Ynez.
4:15 p.m.—The regular Tuesday af
ternoon organ recital in tire Me
morial Church by Warren 1). Al
len.
7:30 p.m.—Assembly Hall lecture:
"Vergil's Prophecy of a Messiah
—The Fourth Eclogue," by Pro
fessor Marbury 15. Ogle of Ohio
State University.
WEDNESDAY
8:00 p.m. Research Club meeting
in the Faculty Clubhouse. Papers
will he read by Professors A. F.
Rogers and A. C. Whitaker.
8:15 p.m. Hawaii-Stanford debate
in the Assembly Hall, "Resolved,
That English Criticism of Ameri
can Education is Justified."
THURSDAY
1: I p.m.—Vesper service in the
Memorial Church. Speaker, Dr.
Ross. Followed by Warren I). Al
len's regular Thursday afternoon
organ recital at 4:30.
MISCELLANEOUS
QUAD PROOFS must be in by Fri
day. Return them to the Quad
desk in the Y.M.C.A. office in
the Old Union'.
