# Sports Notes
## 
### 
Stanford's basketball team,
expected to run with three
forwards because of two injured
centers, opens its 1 970-71 season
tonight at 8 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion with a game against the
USF Dons.
Season ticket books for
students for all home basketball
games are still on sale at the
athletic department ticket office.
Student tickets are also available
at the gate.
* * *
Coming off a 5 -3 win last week
over the Berkeley juniors,
Stanford's club hockey team takes
a shot at undisputed first place in
the Bay Area Hockey League at 9
p.m. tonight at Belmont Iceland.
The Indians face the Belmont
Oaks, who are tied with the Tribe
for the league lead with 4-1
records. Last week Paul Tittmann,
Bob Kadlec, Ed Leonard, Russ
MacAusland and Dave McCaffrey
scored goals in the win over
Berkeley.
Stanford's basketball team,
expected to run with three
forwards because of two injured
centers, opens its 1 970-71 season
tonight at 8 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion with a game against the
USF Dons.
Season ticket books for
students for all home basketball
games are still on sale at the
athletic department ticket office.
Student tickets are also available
at the gate.
* * *
Coming off a 5 -3 win last week
over the Berkeley juniors,
Stanford's club hockey team takes
a shot at undisputed first place in
the Bay Area Hockey League at 9
p.m. tonight at Belmont Iceland.
The Indians face the Belmont
Oaks, who are tied with the Tribe
for the league lead with 4-1
records. Last week Paul Tittmann,
Bob Kadlec, Ed Leonard, Russ
MacAusland and Dave McCaffrey
scored goals in the win over
Berkeley.
Stanford's basketball team,
expected to run with three
forwards because of two injured
centers, opens its 1 970-71 season
tonight at 8 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion with a game against the
USF Dons.
Season ticket books for
students for all home basketball
games are still on sale at the
athletic department ticket office.
Student tickets are also available
at the gate.
* * *
Coming off a 5 -3 win last week
over the Berkeley juniors,
Stanford's club hockey team takes
a shot at undisputed first place in
the Bay Area Hockey League at 9
p.m. tonight at Belmont Iceland.
The Indians face the Belmont
Oaks, who are tied with the Tribe
for the league lead with 4-1
records. Last week Paul Tittmann,
Bob Kadlec, Ed Leonard, Russ
MacAusland and Dave McCaffrey
scored goals in the win over
Berkeley.
Stanford's basketball team,
expected to run with three
forwards because of two injured
centers, opens its 1 970-71 season
tonight at 8 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion with a game against the
USF Dons.
Season ticket books for
students for all home basketball
games are still on sale at the
athletic department ticket office.
Student tickets are also available
at the gate.
* * *
Coming off a 5 -3 win last week
over the Berkeley juniors,
Stanford's club hockey team takes
a shot at undisputed first place in
the Bay Area Hockey League at 9
p.m. tonight at Belmont Iceland.
The Indians face the Belmont
Oaks, who are tied with the Tribe
for the league lead with 4-1
records. Last week Paul Tittmann,
Bob Kadlec, Ed Leonard, Russ
MacAusland and Dave McCaffrey
scored goals in the win over
Berkeley.
Stanford's basketball team,
expected to run with three
forwards because of two injured
centers, opens its 1 970-71 season
tonight at 8 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion with a game against the
USF Dons.
Season ticket books for
students for all home basketball
games are still on sale at the
athletic department ticket office.
Student tickets are also available
at the gate.
* * *
Coming off a 5 -3 win last week
over the Berkeley juniors,
Stanford's club hockey team takes
a shot at undisputed first place in
the Bay Area Hockey League at 9
p.m. tonight at Belmont Iceland.
The Indians face the Belmont
Oaks, who are tied with the Tribe
for the league lead with 4-1
records. Last week Paul Tittmann,
Bob Kadlec, Ed Leonard, Russ
MacAusland and Dave McCaffrey
scored goals in the win over
Berkeley.
Stanford's basketball team,
expected to run with three
forwards because of two injured
centers, opens its 1 970-71 season
tonight at 8 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion with a game against the
USF Dons.
Season ticket books for
students for all home basketball
games are still on sale at the
athletic department ticket office.
Student tickets are also available
at the gate.
* * *
Coming off a 5 -3 win last week
over the Berkeley juniors,
Stanford's club hockey team takes
a shot at undisputed first place in
the Bay Area Hockey League at 9
p.m. tonight at Belmont Iceland.
The Indians face the Belmont
Oaks, who are tied with the Tribe
for the league lead with 4-1
records. Last week Paul Tittmann,
Bob Kadlec, Ed Leonard, Russ
MacAusland and Dave McCaffrey
scored goals in the win over
Berkeley.
Stanford's basketball team,
expected to run with three
forwards because of two injured
centers, opens its 1 970-71 season
tonight at 8 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion with a game against the
USF Dons.
Season ticket books for
students for all home basketball
games are still on sale at the
athletic department ticket office.
Student tickets are also available
at the gate.
* * *
Coming off a 5 -3 win last week
over the Berkeley juniors,
Stanford's club hockey team takes
a shot at undisputed first place in
the Bay Area Hockey League at 9
p.m. tonight at Belmont Iceland.
The Indians face the Belmont
Oaks, who are tied with the Tribe
for the league lead with 4-1
records. Last week Paul Tittmann,
Bob Kadlec, Ed Leonard, Russ
MacAusland and Dave McCaffrey
scored goals in the win over
Berkeley.
Stanford's basketball team,
expected to run with three
forwards because of two injured
centers, opens its 1 970-71 season
tonight at 8 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion with a game against the
USF Dons.
Season ticket books for
students for all home basketball
games are still on sale at the
athletic department ticket office.
Student tickets are also available
at the gate.
* * *
Coming off a 5 -3 win last week
over the Berkeley juniors,
Stanford's club hockey team takes
a shot at undisputed first place in
the Bay Area Hockey League at 9
p.m. tonight at Belmont Iceland.
The Indians face the Belmont
Oaks, who are tied with the Tribe
for the league lead with 4-1
records. Last week Paul Tittmann,
Bob Kadlec, Ed Leonard, Russ
MacAusland and Dave McCaffrey
scored goals in the win over
Berkeley.
Stanford's basketball team,
expected to run with three
forwards because of two injured
centers, opens its 1 970-71 season
tonight at 8 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion with a game against the
USF Dons.
Season ticket books for
students for all home basketball
games are still on sale at the
athletic department ticket office.
Student tickets are also available
at the gate.
* * *
Coming off a 5 -3 win last week
over the Berkeley juniors,
Stanford's club hockey team takes
a shot at undisputed first place in
the Bay Area Hockey League at 9
p.m. tonight at Belmont Iceland.
The Indians face the Belmont
Oaks, who are tied with the Tribe
for the league lead with 4-1
records. Last week Paul Tittmann,
Bob Kadlec, Ed Leonard, Russ
MacAusland and Dave McCaffrey
scored goals in the win over
Berkeley.
Stanford's basketball team,
expected to run with three
forwards because of two injured
centers, opens its 1 970-71 season
tonight at 8 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion with a game against the
USF Dons.
Season ticket books for
students for all home basketball
games are still on sale at the
athletic department ticket office.
Student tickets are also available
at the gate.
* * *
Coming off a 5 -3 win last week
over the Berkeley juniors,
Stanford's club hockey team takes
a shot at undisputed first place in
the Bay Area Hockey League at 9
p.m. tonight at Belmont Iceland.
The Indians face the Belmont
Oaks, who are tied with the Tribe
for the league lead with 4-1
records. Last week Paul Tittmann,
Bob Kadlec, Ed Leonard, Russ
MacAusland and Dave McCaffrey
scored goals in the win over
Berkeley.
Stanford's basketball team,
expected to run with three
forwards because of two injured
centers, opens its 1 970-71 season
tonight at 8 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion with a game against the
USF Dons.
Season ticket books for
students for all home basketball
games are still on sale at the
athletic department ticket office.
Student tickets are also available
at the gate.
* * *
Coming off a 5 -3 win last week
over the Berkeley juniors,
Stanford's club hockey team takes
a shot at undisputed first place in
the Bay Area Hockey League at 9
p.m. tonight at Belmont Iceland.
The Indians face the Belmont
Oaks, who are tied with the Tribe
for the league lead with 4-1
records. Last week Paul Tittmann,
Bob Kadlec, Ed Leonard, Russ
MacAusland and Dave McCaffrey
scored goals in the win over
Berkeley.
Stanford's basketball team,
expected to run with three
forwards because of two injured
centers, opens its 1 970-71 season
tonight at 8 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion with a game against the
USF Dons.
Season ticket books for
students for all home basketball
games are still on sale at the
athletic department ticket office.
Student tickets are also available
at the gate.
* * *
Coming off a 5 -3 win last week
over the Berkeley juniors,
Stanford's club hockey team takes
a shot at undisputed first place in
the Bay Area Hockey League at 9
p.m. tonight at Belmont Iceland.
The Indians face the Belmont
Oaks, who are tied with the Tribe
for the league lead with 4-1
records. Last week Paul Tittmann,
Bob Kadlec, Ed Leonard, Russ
MacAusland and Dave McCaffrey
scored goals in the win over
Berkeley.
Stanford's basketball team,
expected to run with three
forwards because of two injured
centers, opens its 1 970-71 season
tonight at 8 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion with a game against the
USF Dons.
Season ticket books for
students for all home basketball
games are still on sale at the
athletic department ticket office.
Student tickets are also available
at the gate.
* * *
Coming off a 5 -3 win last week
over the Berkeley juniors,
Stanford's club hockey team takes
a shot at undisputed first place in
the Bay Area Hockey League at 9
p.m. tonight at Belmont Iceland.
The Indians face the Belmont
Oaks, who are tied with the Tribe
for the league lead with 4-1
records. Last week Paul Tittmann,
Bob Kadlec, Ed Leonard, Russ
MacAusland and Dave McCaffrey
scored goals in the win over
Berkeley.
Stanford's basketball team,
expected to run with three
forwards because of two injured
centers, opens its 1 970-71 season
tonight at 8 p.m. in Maples
Pavilion with a game against the
USF Dons.
Season ticket books for
students for all home basketball
games are still on sale at the
athletic department ticket office.
Student tickets are also available
at the gate.
* * *
Coming off a 5 -3 win last week
over the Berkeley juniors,
Stanford's club hockey team takes
a shot at undisputed first place in
the Bay Area Hockey League at 9
p.m. tonight at Belmont Iceland.
The Indians face the Belmont
Oaks, who are tied with the Tribe
for the league lead with 4-1
records. Last week Paul Tittmann,
Bob Kadlec, Ed Leonard, Russ
MacAusland and Dave McCaffrey
scored goals in the win over
Berkeley.
