# Adv. 7 Page 4
## 
### 
Also, the Daily is
looking for editorial
cartoonists. If you've
ever had visions of
being the next Peters,
Ohman, or Conrad,
stop by the Daily of
fices with your car
toon. Cartoons should
be inked-in, rectangu
lar, and extra-large to
facilitate reproduc
tion.
Also, the Daily is
looking for editorial
cartoonists. If you've
ever had visions of
being the next Peters,
Ohman, or Conrad,
stop by the Daily of
fices with your car
toon. Cartoons should
be inked-in, rectangu
lar, and extra-large to
facilitate reproduc
tion.
Also, the Daily is
looking for editorial
cartoonists. If you've
ever had visions of
being the next Peters,
Ohman, or Conrad,
stop by the Daily of
fices with your car
toon. Cartoons should
be inked-in, rectangu
lar, and extra-large to
facilitate reproduc
tion.
Also, the Daily is
looking for editorial
cartoonists. If you've
ever had visions of
being the next Peters,
Ohman, or Conrad,
stop by the Daily of
fices with your car
toon. Cartoons should
be inked-in, rectangu
lar, and extra-large to
facilitate reproduc
tion.
Also, the Daily is
looking for editorial
cartoonists. If you've
ever had visions of
being the next Peters,
Ohman, or Conrad,
stop by the Daily of
fices with your car
toon. Cartoons should
be inked-in, rectangu
lar, and extra-large to
facilitate reproduc
tion.
Also, the Daily is
looking for editorial
cartoonists. If you've
ever had visions of
being the next Peters,
Ohman, or Conrad,
stop by the Daily of
fices with your car
toon. Cartoons should
be inked-in, rectangu
lar, and extra-large to
facilitate reproduc
tion.
Also, the Daily is
looking for editorial
cartoonists. If you've
ever had visions of
being the next Peters,
Ohman, or Conrad,
stop by the Daily of
fices with your car
toon. Cartoons should
be inked-in, rectangu
lar, and extra-large to
facilitate reproduc
tion.
Also, the Daily is
looking for editorial
cartoonists. If you've
ever had visions of
being the next Peters,
Ohman, or Conrad,
stop by the Daily of
fices with your car
toon. Cartoons should
be inked-in, rectangu
lar, and extra-large to
facilitate reproduc
tion.
