# Adv. 18 Page 7
## 
### 
WE MAKE
COPIES
PEOPLE
SWEAR BY,
NOT AT !
Copies • Binding
Passport Photos
Class Readers
OPEN 7 DAYS
If your employees
your company, and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free oamphle!
'Helping Your
Lmoloyees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer Start your
company on a
poky of good
health today'
■ n
WE MAKE
COPIES
PEOPLE
SWEAR BY,
NOT AT !
Copies • Binding
Passport Photos
Class Readers
OPEN 7 DAYS
If your employees
your company, and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free oamphle!
'Helping Your
Lmoloyees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer Start your
company on a
poky of good
health today'
■ n
WE MAKE
COPIES
PEOPLE
SWEAR BY,
NOT AT !
Copies • Binding
Passport Photos
Class Readers
OPEN 7 DAYS
If your employees
your company, and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free oamphle!
'Helping Your
Lmoloyees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer Start your
company on a
poky of good
health today'
■ n
WE MAKE
COPIES
PEOPLE
SWEAR BY,
NOT AT !
Copies • Binding
Passport Photos
Class Readers
OPEN 7 DAYS
If your employees
your company, and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free oamphle!
'Helping Your
Lmoloyees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer Start your
company on a
poky of good
health today'
■ n
WE MAKE
COPIES
PEOPLE
SWEAR BY,
NOT AT !
Copies • Binding
Passport Photos
Class Readers
OPEN 7 DAYS
If your employees
your company, and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free oamphle!
'Helping Your
Lmoloyees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer Start your
company on a
poky of good
health today'
■ n
WE MAKE
COPIES
PEOPLE
SWEAR BY,
NOT AT !
Copies • Binding
Passport Photos
Class Readers
OPEN 7 DAYS
If your employees
your company, and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free oamphle!
'Helping Your
Lmoloyees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer Start your
company on a
poky of good
health today'
■ n
WE MAKE
COPIES
PEOPLE
SWEAR BY,
NOT AT !
Copies • Binding
Passport Photos
Class Readers
OPEN 7 DAYS
If your employees
your company, and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free oamphle!
'Helping Your
Lmoloyees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer Start your
company on a
poky of good
health today'
■ n
WE MAKE
COPIES
PEOPLE
SWEAR BY,
NOT AT !
Copies • Binding
Passport Photos
Class Readers
OPEN 7 DAYS
If your employees
your company, and
yourself from the
personal suffering and
financial loss of
cancer call your local
unit of the American
Cancer Society and ask
for their free oamphle!
'Helping Your
Lmoloyees to Protect
Themselves Against
Cancer Start your
company on a
poky of good
health today'
■ n
