# Adv. 6 Page 4
## 
### 
Do you want to ex
press an opinion? is
there something you
want to say on any to
pic? If you feel that an
issue needs to be dis
cussedsubmit your
viewpoint to the Daily
opinions office typed,
double-spaced, on a
57-character line as
soon as possible.
Do you want to ex
press an opinion? is
there something you
want to say on any to
pic? If you feel that an
issue needs to be dis
cussedsubmit your
viewpoint to the Daily
opinions office typed,
double-spaced, on a
57-character line as
soon as possible.
Do you want to ex
press an opinion? is
there something you
want to say on any to
pic? If you feel that an
issue needs to be dis
cussedsubmit your
viewpoint to the Daily
opinions office typed,
double-spaced, on a
57-character line as
soon as possible.
Do you want to ex
press an opinion? is
there something you
want to say on any to
pic? If you feel that an
issue needs to be dis
cussedsubmit your
viewpoint to the Daily
opinions office typed,
double-spaced, on a
57-character line as
soon as possible.
Do you want to ex
press an opinion? is
there something you
want to say on any to
pic? If you feel that an
issue needs to be dis
cussedsubmit your
viewpoint to the Daily
opinions office typed,
double-spaced, on a
57-character line as
soon as possible.
Do you want to ex
press an opinion? is
there something you
want to say on any to
pic? If you feel that an
issue needs to be dis
cussedsubmit your
viewpoint to the Daily
opinions office typed,
double-spaced, on a
57-character line as
soon as possible.
Do you want to ex
press an opinion? is
there something you
want to say on any to
pic? If you feel that an
issue needs to be dis
cussedsubmit your
viewpoint to the Daily
opinions office typed,
double-spaced, on a
57-character line as
soon as possible.
Do you want to ex
press an opinion? is
there something you
want to say on any to
pic? If you feel that an
issue needs to be dis
cussedsubmit your
viewpoint to the Daily
opinions office typed,
double-spaced, on a
57-character line as
soon as possible.
