# S.F. LABOR SURVEY
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 13 (UP).
—Industrial relations between em
ployers and employees in San Fran
cisco have improved during the last
several months, the Employers'
Council of San Francisco reported
today in an extensive survey cover
ing 1939.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 13 (UP).
—Industrial relations between em
ployers and employees in San Fran
cisco have improved during the last
several months, the Employers'
Council of San Francisco reported
today in an extensive survey cover
ing 1939.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 13 (UP).
—Industrial relations between em
ployers and employees in San Fran
cisco have improved during the last
several months, the Employers'
Council of San Francisco reported
today in an extensive survey cover
ing 1939.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 13 (UP).
—Industrial relations between em
ployers and employees in San Fran
cisco have improved during the last
several months, the Employers'
Council of San Francisco reported
today in an extensive survey cover
ing 1939.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 13 (UP).
—Industrial relations between em
ployers and employees in San Fran
cisco have improved during the last
several months, the Employers'
Council of San Francisco reported
today in an extensive survey cover
ing 1939.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 13 (UP).
—Industrial relations between em
ployers and employees in San Fran
cisco have improved during the last
several months, the Employers'
Council of San Francisco reported
today in an extensive survey cover
ing 1939.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 13 (UP).
—Industrial relations between em
ployers and employees in San Fran
cisco have improved during the last
several months, the Employers'
Council of San Francisco reported
today in an extensive survey cover
ing 1939.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 13 (UP).
—Industrial relations between em
ployers and employees in San Fran
cisco have improved during the last
several months, the Employers'
Council of San Francisco reported
today in an extensive survey cover
ing 1939.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 13 (UP).
—Industrial relations between em
ployers and employees in San Fran
cisco have improved during the last
several months, the Employers'
Council of San Francisco reported
today in an extensive survey cover
ing 1939.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 13 (UP).
—Industrial relations between em
ployers and employees in San Fran
cisco have improved during the last
several months, the Employers'
Council of San Francisco reported
today in an extensive survey cover
ing 1939.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 13 (UP).
—Industrial relations between em
ployers and employees in San Fran
cisco have improved during the last
several months, the Employers'
Council of San Francisco reported
today in an extensive survey cover
ing 1939.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 13 (UP).
—Industrial relations between em
ployers and employees in San Fran
cisco have improved during the last
several months, the Employers'
Council of San Francisco reported
today in an extensive survey cover
ing 1939.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 13 (UP).
—Industrial relations between em
ployers and employees in San Fran
cisco have improved during the last
several months, the Employers'
Council of San Francisco reported
today in an extensive survey cover
ing 1939.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 13 (UP).
—Industrial relations between em
ployers and employees in San Fran
cisco have improved during the last
several months, the Employers'
Council of San Francisco reported
today in an extensive survey cover
ing 1939.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 13 (UP).
—Industrial relations between em
ployers and employees in San Fran
cisco have improved during the last
several months, the Employers'
Council of San Francisco reported
today in an extensive survey cover
ing 1939.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 13 (UP).
—Industrial relations between em
ployers and employees in San Fran
cisco have improved during the last
several months, the Employers'
Council of San Francisco reported
today in an extensive survey cover
ing 1939.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 13 (UP).
—Industrial relations between em
ployers and employees in San Fran
cisco have improved during the last
several months, the Employers'
Council of San Francisco reported
today in an extensive survey cover
ing 1939.
