# Court to Argue Contract Case
## S.F. Jurist to Judge Moot Trial Tonight 
### 
Arguing the most difficult and
technical case of this year's Moot
Court series, two teams of law stu
dents will appear before the Moot
Court tonight at 7:30 o'clock in
Room 12 of the Law Building. Judge
Theresa Meikle will preside over
the court.
Tonight's case presents many
problems involving the sale of
stocks and bonds by means of a
contract protecting the buyer
against losses. Joseph Lawry and
William Woodward will represent
the plaintiff, while William Knapp
and Bruce Beckley will speak for
the defendant.
Judge Theresa Meikle. well known
San Francisco municipal court jur
ist, will act as head judge for the
trial. Judge Meikle is one of the
few women judges wes'- of the Mis
sissippi, and is famed for ner de
cisions which are based on true
justice instead of legal procedure
and technicalities. ThÂ» two Stan
ford student judges who will share
her duties are Harold Fulkerson
and William Snell.
The arguments in these Moot
Court trials are presented by ad
vanced law students and feature
thoroughly prepared legal argu
ments and close questioning by the
judges.
Tonight's session is the second of
the semi-final series. Finalists will
meet in the spring to determine the
winner of the $100 cash prize. The
Moot Court trials are sponsored by
the Stanford Law Students Asso
ciation, which also gives the cash
award.
This competition is the most im
portant extracurricular function of
the Law School.
