# Contents
## 
### 
His name is
Jim Montoya
7 After a 20-year hia
tus, alumnus Jim
Montoya is coming
back to the Farm — as
the new dean of under
graduate admissions.
Filling "Dean Jean"
Fetter's shoes will be no
easy task, but Montoya
says he's up to the chal
lenge.

Starting from
scratch
9 Susan Epstein, a
recent Stanford
graduate, starts her job
as the University's coor
dinator of student sexu
al assault prevention
education and response
on Monday. The posi
tion is new — so new, in
fact, that neither
Epstein nor anyone else
knows exactly what it
entails.

Hope for the
homeless
the
of
homelessness wasn't
enough for graduate
Elizabeth Barclay. She,
along with senior Mike
Simon, has founded a
summer school for chil
dren at the Family Liv
ing Center, a homeless
shelter in Santa Clara.
On the cover — Junior Amy Lutz and Monty
Cover design — Doug Davis
and Marin Melchior
Photo — Rajiv Chandrasekaran

A swimming
performance
4 E Jeff Rouse
I last
weekend's Santa Clara
swim meet with a win in
the 100-meter back
stroke, despite being
hindered by an injured
wrist. Rouse's win was
just one of the eight
captured by Cardinal
swimmers during the
meet.

Golden oldies
renovated
I The
atre is presenting
"Hooray for Hollywood:
Classic Favorites from
the Golden Age," a film
festival highlighting 37
of Hollywood's greatest
movies. Five dollars
gets you in to see two
classic films and a real
live organ player as
well.





His name is
Jim Montoya
7 After a 20-year hia
tus, alumnus Jim
Montoya is coming
back to the Farm — as
the new dean of under
graduate admissions.
Filling "Dean Jean"
Fetter's shoes will be no
easy task, but Montoya
says he's up to the chal
lenge.

Starting from
scratch
9 Susan Epstein, a
recent Stanford
graduate, starts her job
as the University's coor
dinator of student sexu
al assault prevention
education and response
on Monday. The posi
tion is new — so new, in
fact, that neither
Epstein nor anyone else
knows exactly what it
entails.

Hope for the
homeless
the
of
homelessness wasn't
enough for graduate
Elizabeth Barclay. She,
along with senior Mike
Simon, has founded a
summer school for chil
dren at the Family Liv
ing Center, a homeless
shelter in Santa Clara.
On the cover — Junior Amy Lutz and Monty
Cover design — Doug Davis
and Marin Melchior
Photo — Rajiv Chandrasekaran

A swimming
performance
4 E Jeff Rouse
I last
weekend's Santa Clara
swim meet with a win in
the 100-meter back
stroke, despite being
hindered by an injured
wrist. Rouse's win was
just one of the eight
captured by Cardinal
swimmers during the
meet.

Golden oldies
renovated
I The
atre is presenting
"Hooray for Hollywood:
Classic Favorites from
the Golden Age," a film
festival highlighting 37
of Hollywood's greatest
movies. Five dollars
gets you in to see two
classic films and a real
live organ player as
well.





His name is
Jim Montoya
7 After a 20-year hia
tus, alumnus Jim
Montoya is coming
back to the Farm — as
the new dean of under
graduate admissions.
Filling "Dean Jean"
Fetter's shoes will be no
easy task, but Montoya
says he's up to the chal
lenge.

Starting from
scratch
9 Susan Epstein, a
recent Stanford
graduate, starts her job
as the University's coor
dinator of student sexu
al assault prevention
education and response
on Monday. The posi
tion is new — so new, in
fact, that neither
Epstein nor anyone else
knows exactly what it
entails.

Hope for the
homeless
the
of
homelessness wasn't
enough for graduate
Elizabeth Barclay. She,
along with senior Mike
Simon, has founded a
summer school for chil
dren at the Family Liv
ing Center, a homeless
shelter in Santa Clara.
On the cover — Junior Amy Lutz and Monty
Cover design — Doug Davis
and Marin Melchior
Photo — Rajiv Chandrasekaran

A swimming
performance
4 E Jeff Rouse
I last
weekend's Santa Clara
swim meet with a win in
the 100-meter back
stroke, despite being
hindered by an injured
wrist. Rouse's win was
just one of the eight
captured by Cardinal
swimmers during the
meet.

Golden oldies
renovated
I The
atre is presenting
"Hooray for Hollywood:
Classic Favorites from
the Golden Age," a film
festival highlighting 37
of Hollywood's greatest
movies. Five dollars
gets you in to see two
classic films and a real
live organ player as
well.





His name is
Jim Montoya
7 After a 20-year hia
tus, alumnus Jim
Montoya is coming
back to the Farm — as
the new dean of under
graduate admissions.
Filling "Dean Jean"
Fetter's shoes will be no
easy task, but Montoya
says he's up to the chal
lenge.

Starting from
scratch
9 Susan Epstein, a
recent Stanford
graduate, starts her job
as the University's coor
dinator of student sexu
al assault prevention
education and response
on Monday. The posi
tion is new — so new, in
fact, that neither
Epstein nor anyone else
knows exactly what it
entails.

Hope for the
homeless
the
of
homelessness wasn't
enough for graduate
Elizabeth Barclay. She,
along with senior Mike
Simon, has founded a
summer school for chil
dren at the Family Liv
ing Center, a homeless
shelter in Santa Clara.
On the cover — Junior Amy Lutz and Monty
Cover design — Doug Davis
and Marin Melchior
Photo — Rajiv Chandrasekaran

A swimming
performance
4 E Jeff Rouse
I last
weekend's Santa Clara
swim meet with a win in
the 100-meter back
stroke, despite being
hindered by an injured
wrist. Rouse's win was
just one of the eight
captured by Cardinal
swimmers during the
meet.

Golden oldies
renovated
I The
atre is presenting
"Hooray for Hollywood:
Classic Favorites from
the Golden Age," a film
festival highlighting 37
of Hollywood's greatest
movies. Five dollars
gets you in to see two
classic films and a real
live organ player as
well.





His name is
Jim Montoya
7 After a 20-year hia
tus, alumnus Jim
Montoya is coming
back to the Farm — as
the new dean of under
graduate admissions.
Filling "Dean Jean"
Fetter's shoes will be no
easy task, but Montoya
says he's up to the chal
lenge.

Starting from
scratch
9 Susan Epstein, a
recent Stanford
graduate, starts her job
as the University's coor
dinator of student sexu
al assault prevention
education and response
on Monday. The posi
tion is new — so new, in
fact, that neither
Epstein nor anyone else
knows exactly what it
entails.

Hope for the
homeless
the
of
homelessness wasn't
enough for graduate
Elizabeth Barclay. She,
along with senior Mike
Simon, has founded a
summer school for chil
dren at the Family Liv
ing Center, a homeless
shelter in Santa Clara.
On the cover — Junior Amy Lutz and Monty
Cover design — Doug Davis
and Marin Melchior
Photo — Rajiv Chandrasekaran

A swimming
performance
4 E Jeff Rouse
I last
weekend's Santa Clara
swim meet with a win in
the 100-meter back
stroke, despite being
hindered by an injured
wrist. Rouse's win was
just one of the eight
captured by Cardinal
swimmers during the
meet.

Golden oldies
renovated
I The
atre is presenting
"Hooray for Hollywood:
Classic Favorites from
the Golden Age," a film
festival highlighting 37
of Hollywood's greatest
movies. Five dollars
gets you in to see two
classic films and a real
live organ player as
well.





His name is
Jim Montoya
7 After a 20-year hia
tus, alumnus Jim
Montoya is coming
back to the Farm — as
the new dean of under
graduate admissions.
Filling "Dean Jean"
Fetter's shoes will be no
easy task, but Montoya
says he's up to the chal
lenge.

Starting from
scratch
9 Susan Epstein, a
recent Stanford
graduate, starts her job
as the University's coor
dinator of student sexu
al assault prevention
education and response
on Monday. The posi
tion is new — so new, in
fact, that neither
Epstein nor anyone else
knows exactly what it
entails.

Hope for the
homeless
the
of
homelessness wasn't
enough for graduate
Elizabeth Barclay. She,
along with senior Mike
Simon, has founded a
summer school for chil
dren at the Family Liv
ing Center, a homeless
shelter in Santa Clara.
On the cover — Junior Amy Lutz and Monty
Cover design — Doug Davis
and Marin Melchior
Photo — Rajiv Chandrasekaran

A swimming
performance
4 E Jeff Rouse
I last
weekend's Santa Clara
swim meet with a win in
the 100-meter back
stroke, despite being
hindered by an injured
wrist. Rouse's win was
just one of the eight
captured by Cardinal
swimmers during the
meet.

Golden oldies
renovated
I The
atre is presenting
"Hooray for Hollywood:
Classic Favorites from
the Golden Age," a film
festival highlighting 37
of Hollywood's greatest
movies. Five dollars
gets you in to see two
classic films and a real
live organ player as
well.





His name is
Jim Montoya
7 After a 20-year hia
tus, alumnus Jim
Montoya is coming
back to the Farm — as
the new dean of under
graduate admissions.
Filling "Dean Jean"
Fetter's shoes will be no
easy task, but Montoya
says he's up to the chal
lenge.

Starting from
scratch
9 Susan Epstein, a
recent Stanford
graduate, starts her job
as the University's coor
dinator of student sexu
al assault prevention
education and response
on Monday. The posi
tion is new — so new, in
fact, that neither
Epstein nor anyone else
knows exactly what it
entails.

Hope for the
homeless
the
of
homelessness wasn't
enough for graduate
Elizabeth Barclay. She,
along with senior Mike
Simon, has founded a
summer school for chil
dren at the Family Liv
ing Center, a homeless
shelter in Santa Clara.
On the cover — Junior Amy Lutz and Monty
Cover design — Doug Davis
and Marin Melchior
Photo — Rajiv Chandrasekaran

A swimming
performance
4 E Jeff Rouse
I last
weekend's Santa Clara
swim meet with a win in
the 100-meter back
stroke, despite being
hindered by an injured
wrist. Rouse's win was
just one of the eight
captured by Cardinal
swimmers during the
meet.

Golden oldies
renovated
I The
atre is presenting
"Hooray for Hollywood:
Classic Favorites from
the Golden Age," a film
festival highlighting 37
of Hollywood's greatest
movies. Five dollars
gets you in to see two
classic films and a real
live organ player as
well.





