# Foreign Group Will Visit Cal
## Students To See International House 
### 
Plans for taking a group of Stan
ford foreign students on a visit to
the University of California Inter
national House Sunday, April 10,
were made by International Com
mittee at a regular meeting last
night. A dinner and entertainment
program for the trip is being ar
ranged.
The committee also discussed plans
to help new foreign students in
registering on the Farm. To those
applying for admission it will send
helpful information in addition to
that sent out by the registrar.
Having secured 15 rooms on the
fifth floor of Encina to house for
eign students next year, committee
members are now getting in touch
with eligible men to determine who
will live there.
All foreign students are invited
to attend the International Commit
tee meetings which will be an
nounced each week in The Daily.
Americans who would like to come
are asked to call Helen Gilman at
Lagunita.
Plans for taking a group of Stan
ford foreign students on a visit to
the University of California Inter
national House Sunday, April 10,
were made by International Com
mittee at a regular meeting last
night. A dinner and entertainment
program for the trip is being ar
ranged.
The committee also discussed plans
to help new foreign students in
registering on the Farm. To those
applying for admission it will send
helpful information in addition to
that sent out by the registrar.
Having secured 15 rooms on the
fifth floor of Encina to house for
eign students next year, committee
members are now getting in touch
with eligible men to determine who
will live there.
All foreign students are invited
to attend the International Commit
tee meetings which will be an
nounced each week in The Daily.
Americans who would like to come
are asked to call Helen Gilman at
Lagunita.
Plans for taking a group of Stan
ford foreign students on a visit to
the University of California Inter
national House Sunday, April 10,
were made by International Com
mittee at a regular meeting last
night. A dinner and entertainment
program for the trip is being ar
ranged.
The committee also discussed plans
to help new foreign students in
registering on the Farm. To those
applying for admission it will send
helpful information in addition to
that sent out by the registrar.
Having secured 15 rooms on the
fifth floor of Encina to house for
eign students next year, committee
members are now getting in touch
with eligible men to determine who
will live there.
All foreign students are invited
to attend the International Commit
tee meetings which will be an
nounced each week in The Daily.
Americans who would like to come
are asked to call Helen Gilman at
Lagunita.
Plans for taking a group of Stan
ford foreign students on a visit to
the University of California Inter
national House Sunday, April 10,
were made by International Com
mittee at a regular meeting last
night. A dinner and entertainment
program for the trip is being ar
ranged.
The committee also discussed plans
to help new foreign students in
registering on the Farm. To those
applying for admission it will send
helpful information in addition to
that sent out by the registrar.
Having secured 15 rooms on the
fifth floor of Encina to house for
eign students next year, committee
members are now getting in touch
with eligible men to determine who
will live there.
All foreign students are invited
to attend the International Commit
tee meetings which will be an
nounced each week in The Daily.
Americans who would like to come
are asked to call Helen Gilman at
Lagunita.
Plans for taking a group of Stan
ford foreign students on a visit to
the University of California Inter
national House Sunday, April 10,
were made by International Com
mittee at a regular meeting last
night. A dinner and entertainment
program for the trip is being ar
ranged.
The committee also discussed plans
to help new foreign students in
registering on the Farm. To those
applying for admission it will send
helpful information in addition to
that sent out by the registrar.
Having secured 15 rooms on the
fifth floor of Encina to house for
eign students next year, committee
members are now getting in touch
with eligible men to determine who
will live there.
All foreign students are invited
to attend the International Commit
tee meetings which will be an
nounced each week in The Daily.
Americans who would like to come
are asked to call Helen Gilman at
Lagunita.
Plans for taking a group of Stan
ford foreign students on a visit to
the University of California Inter
national House Sunday, April 10,
were made by International Com
mittee at a regular meeting last
night. A dinner and entertainment
program for the trip is being ar
ranged.
The committee also discussed plans
to help new foreign students in
registering on the Farm. To those
applying for admission it will send
helpful information in addition to
that sent out by the registrar.
Having secured 15 rooms on the
fifth floor of Encina to house for
eign students next year, committee
members are now getting in touch
with eligible men to determine who
will live there.
All foreign students are invited
to attend the International Commit
tee meetings which will be an
nounced each week in The Daily.
Americans who would like to come
are asked to call Helen Gilman at
Lagunita.
Plans for taking a group of Stan
ford foreign students on a visit to
the University of California Inter
national House Sunday, April 10,
were made by International Com
mittee at a regular meeting last
night. A dinner and entertainment
program for the trip is being ar
ranged.
The committee also discussed plans
to help new foreign students in
registering on the Farm. To those
applying for admission it will send
helpful information in addition to
that sent out by the registrar.
Having secured 15 rooms on the
fifth floor of Encina to house for
eign students next year, committee
members are now getting in touch
with eligible men to determine who
will live there.
All foreign students are invited
to attend the International Commit
tee meetings which will be an
nounced each week in The Daily.
Americans who would like to come
are asked to call Helen Gilman at
Lagunita.
Plans for taking a group of Stan
ford foreign students on a visit to
the University of California Inter
national House Sunday, April 10,
were made by International Com
mittee at a regular meeting last
night. A dinner and entertainment
program for the trip is being ar
ranged.
The committee also discussed plans
to help new foreign students in
registering on the Farm. To those
applying for admission it will send
helpful information in addition to
that sent out by the registrar.
Having secured 15 rooms on the
fifth floor of Encina to house for
eign students next year, committee
members are now getting in touch
with eligible men to determine who
will live there.
All foreign students are invited
to attend the International Commit
tee meetings which will be an
nounced each week in The Daily.
Americans who would like to come
are asked to call Helen Gilman at
Lagunita.
Plans for taking a group of Stan
ford foreign students on a visit to
the University of California Inter
national House Sunday, April 10,
were made by International Com
mittee at a regular meeting last
night. A dinner and entertainment
program for the trip is being ar
ranged.
The committee also discussed plans
to help new foreign students in
registering on the Farm. To those
applying for admission it will send
helpful information in addition to
that sent out by the registrar.
Having secured 15 rooms on the
fifth floor of Encina to house for
eign students next year, committee
members are now getting in touch
with eligible men to determine who
will live there.
All foreign students are invited
to attend the International Commit
tee meetings which will be an
nounced each week in The Daily.
Americans who would like to come
are asked to call Helen Gilman at
Lagunita.
Plans for taking a group of Stan
ford foreign students on a visit to
the University of California Inter
national House Sunday, April 10,
were made by International Com
mittee at a regular meeting last
night. A dinner and entertainment
program for the trip is being ar
ranged.
The committee also discussed plans
to help new foreign students in
registering on the Farm. To those
applying for admission it will send
helpful information in addition to
that sent out by the registrar.
Having secured 15 rooms on the
fifth floor of Encina to house for
eign students next year, committee
members are now getting in touch
with eligible men to determine who
will live there.
All foreign students are invited
to attend the International Commit
tee meetings which will be an
nounced each week in The Daily.
Americans who would like to come
are asked to call Helen Gilman at
Lagunita.
Plans for taking a group of Stan
ford foreign students on a visit to
the University of California Inter
national House Sunday, April 10,
were made by International Com
mittee at a regular meeting last
night. A dinner and entertainment
program for the trip is being ar
ranged.
The committee also discussed plans
to help new foreign students in
registering on the Farm. To those
applying for admission it will send
helpful information in addition to
that sent out by the registrar.
Having secured 15 rooms on the
fifth floor of Encina to house for
eign students next year, committee
members are now getting in touch
with eligible men to determine who
will live there.
All foreign students are invited
to attend the International Commit
tee meetings which will be an
nounced each week in The Daily.
Americans who would like to come
are asked to call Helen Gilman at
Lagunita.
Plans for taking a group of Stan
ford foreign students on a visit to
the University of California Inter
national House Sunday, April 10,
were made by International Com
mittee at a regular meeting last
night. A dinner and entertainment
program for the trip is being ar
ranged.
The committee also discussed plans
to help new foreign students in
registering on the Farm. To those
applying for admission it will send
helpful information in addition to
that sent out by the registrar.
Having secured 15 rooms on the
fifth floor of Encina to house for
eign students next year, committee
members are now getting in touch
with eligible men to determine who
will live there.
All foreign students are invited
to attend the International Commit
tee meetings which will be an
nounced each week in The Daily.
Americans who would like to come
are asked to call Helen Gilman at
Lagunita.
Plans for taking a group of Stan
ford foreign students on a visit to
the University of California Inter
national House Sunday, April 10,
were made by International Com
mittee at a regular meeting last
night. A dinner and entertainment
program for the trip is being ar
ranged.
The committee also discussed plans
to help new foreign students in
registering on the Farm. To those
applying for admission it will send
helpful information in addition to
that sent out by the registrar.
Having secured 15 rooms on the
fifth floor of Encina to house for
eign students next year, committee
members are now getting in touch
with eligible men to determine who
will live there.
All foreign students are invited
to attend the International Commit
tee meetings which will be an
nounced each week in The Daily.
Americans who would like to come
are asked to call Helen Gilman at
Lagunita.
Plans for taking a group of Stan
ford foreign students on a visit to
the University of California Inter
national House Sunday, April 10,
were made by International Com
mittee at a regular meeting last
night. A dinner and entertainment
program for the trip is being ar
ranged.
The committee also discussed plans
to help new foreign students in
registering on the Farm. To those
applying for admission it will send
helpful information in addition to
that sent out by the registrar.
Having secured 15 rooms on the
fifth floor of Encina to house for
eign students next year, committee
members are now getting in touch
with eligible men to determine who
will live there.
All foreign students are invited
to attend the International Commit
tee meetings which will be an
nounced each week in The Daily.
Americans who would like to come
are asked to call Helen Gilman at
Lagunita.
Plans for taking a group of Stan
ford foreign students on a visit to
the University of California Inter
national House Sunday, April 10,
were made by International Com
mittee at a regular meeting last
night. A dinner and entertainment
program for the trip is being ar
ranged.
The committee also discussed plans
to help new foreign students in
registering on the Farm. To those
applying for admission it will send
helpful information in addition to
that sent out by the registrar.
Having secured 15 rooms on the
fifth floor of Encina to house for
eign students next year, committee
members are now getting in touch
with eligible men to determine who
will live there.
All foreign students are invited
to attend the International Commit
tee meetings which will be an
nounced each week in The Daily.
Americans who would like to come
are asked to call Helen Gilman at
Lagunita.
