# MEN TO HEAR LUTZ
## 
### 
Dr. Ralph Lutz. professor of his
tory and dean of graduate study,
will speak tomorrow afternoon at
4:15 o'clock in the Lounge Room of
the Women's Clubhouse to the
Married Men's Club, announced
Aubrey Haan, secretary of the or
ganization. Refreshments will be
served. Ail male spouses are in
vited to attend.
Dr. Ralph Lutz. professor of his
tory and dean of graduate study,
will speak tomorrow afternoon at
4:15 o'clock in the Lounge Room of
the Women's Clubhouse to the
Married Men's Club, announced
Aubrey Haan, secretary of the or
ganization. Refreshments will be
served. Ail male spouses are in
vited to attend.
Dr. Ralph Lutz. professor of his
tory and dean of graduate study,
will speak tomorrow afternoon at
4:15 o'clock in the Lounge Room of
the Women's Clubhouse to the
Married Men's Club, announced
Aubrey Haan, secretary of the or
ganization. Refreshments will be
served. Ail male spouses are in
vited to attend.
Dr. Ralph Lutz. professor of his
tory and dean of graduate study,
will speak tomorrow afternoon at
4:15 o'clock in the Lounge Room of
the Women's Clubhouse to the
Married Men's Club, announced
Aubrey Haan, secretary of the or
ganization. Refreshments will be
served. Ail male spouses are in
vited to attend.
Dr. Ralph Lutz. professor of his
tory and dean of graduate study,
will speak tomorrow afternoon at
4:15 o'clock in the Lounge Room of
the Women's Clubhouse to the
Married Men's Club, announced
Aubrey Haan, secretary of the or
ganization. Refreshments will be
served. Ail male spouses are in
vited to attend.
Dr. Ralph Lutz. professor of his
tory and dean of graduate study,
will speak tomorrow afternoon at
4:15 o'clock in the Lounge Room of
the Women's Clubhouse to the
Married Men's Club, announced
Aubrey Haan, secretary of the or
ganization. Refreshments will be
served. Ail male spouses are in
vited to attend.
Dr. Ralph Lutz. professor of his
tory and dean of graduate study,
will speak tomorrow afternoon at
4:15 o'clock in the Lounge Room of
the Women's Clubhouse to the
Married Men's Club, announced
Aubrey Haan, secretary of the or
ganization. Refreshments will be
served. Ail male spouses are in
vited to attend.
Dr. Ralph Lutz. professor of his
tory and dean of graduate study,
will speak tomorrow afternoon at
4:15 o'clock in the Lounge Room of
the Women's Clubhouse to the
Married Men's Club, announced
Aubrey Haan, secretary of the or
ganization. Refreshments will be
served. Ail male spouses are in
vited to attend.
Dr. Ralph Lutz. professor of his
tory and dean of graduate study,
will speak tomorrow afternoon at
4:15 o'clock in the Lounge Room of
the Women's Clubhouse to the
Married Men's Club, announced
Aubrey Haan, secretary of the or
ganization. Refreshments will be
served. Ail male spouses are in
vited to attend.
Dr. Ralph Lutz. professor of his
tory and dean of graduate study,
will speak tomorrow afternoon at
4:15 o'clock in the Lounge Room of
the Women's Clubhouse to the
Married Men's Club, announced
Aubrey Haan, secretary of the or
ganization. Refreshments will be
served. Ail male spouses are in
vited to attend.
Dr. Ralph Lutz. professor of his
tory and dean of graduate study,
will speak tomorrow afternoon at
4:15 o'clock in the Lounge Room of
the Women's Clubhouse to the
Married Men's Club, announced
Aubrey Haan, secretary of the or
ganization. Refreshments will be
served. Ail male spouses are in
vited to attend.
Dr. Ralph Lutz. professor of his
tory and dean of graduate study,
will speak tomorrow afternoon at
4:15 o'clock in the Lounge Room of
the Women's Clubhouse to the
Married Men's Club, announced
Aubrey Haan, secretary of the or
ganization. Refreshments will be
served. Ail male spouses are in
vited to attend.
Dr. Ralph Lutz. professor of his
tory and dean of graduate study,
will speak tomorrow afternoon at
4:15 o'clock in the Lounge Room of
the Women's Clubhouse to the
Married Men's Club, announced
Aubrey Haan, secretary of the or
ganization. Refreshments will be
served. Ail male spouses are in
vited to attend.
Dr. Ralph Lutz. professor of his
tory and dean of graduate study,
will speak tomorrow afternoon at
4:15 o'clock in the Lounge Room of
the Women's Clubhouse to the
Married Men's Club, announced
Aubrey Haan, secretary of the or
ganization. Refreshments will be
served. Ail male spouses are in
vited to attend.
Dr. Ralph Lutz. professor of his
tory and dean of graduate study,
will speak tomorrow afternoon at
4:15 o'clock in the Lounge Room of
the Women's Clubhouse to the
Married Men's Club, announced
Aubrey Haan, secretary of the or
ganization. Refreshments will be
served. Ail male spouses are in
vited to attend.
