# Card Skiers Take Second in Meet
## 
### 
The Stanford ski team placed sec
ond to the Bavarian team at the In
ternational University Invitational
Ski Meet, held at Yosemite last
Saturday and Sunday. Led by Cap
tain Hannes Janss, the team of Ul
rich Blackburn, Adolf Klayburgh,
Fritz Howell, and Giovanni Wickett
made a clean sweep in all events
over California.
The Stanford ski team placed sec
ond to the Bavarian team at the In
ternational University Invitational
Ski Meet, held at Yosemite last
Saturday and Sunday. Led by Cap
tain Hannes Janss, the team of Ul
rich Blackburn, Adolf Klayburgh,
Fritz Howell, and Giovanni Wickett
made a clean sweep in all events
over California.
The Stanford ski team placed sec
ond to the Bavarian team at the In
ternational University Invitational
Ski Meet, held at Yosemite last
Saturday and Sunday. Led by Cap
tain Hannes Janss, the team of Ul
rich Blackburn, Adolf Klayburgh,
Fritz Howell, and Giovanni Wickett
made a clean sweep in all events
over California.
The Stanford ski team placed sec
ond to the Bavarian team at the In
ternational University Invitational
Ski Meet, held at Yosemite last
Saturday and Sunday. Led by Cap
tain Hannes Janss, the team of Ul
rich Blackburn, Adolf Klayburgh,
Fritz Howell, and Giovanni Wickett
made a clean sweep in all events
over California.
The Stanford ski team placed sec
ond to the Bavarian team at the In
ternational University Invitational
Ski Meet, held at Yosemite last
Saturday and Sunday. Led by Cap
tain Hannes Janss, the team of Ul
rich Blackburn, Adolf Klayburgh,
Fritz Howell, and Giovanni Wickett
made a clean sweep in all events
over California.
The Stanford ski team placed sec
ond to the Bavarian team at the In
ternational University Invitational
Ski Meet, held at Yosemite last
Saturday and Sunday. Led by Cap
tain Hannes Janss, the team of Ul
rich Blackburn, Adolf Klayburgh,
Fritz Howell, and Giovanni Wickett
made a clean sweep in all events
over California.
The Stanford ski team placed sec
ond to the Bavarian team at the In
ternational University Invitational
Ski Meet, held at Yosemite last
Saturday and Sunday. Led by Cap
tain Hannes Janss, the team of Ul
rich Blackburn, Adolf Klayburgh,
Fritz Howell, and Giovanni Wickett
made a clean sweep in all events
over California.
The Stanford ski team placed sec
ond to the Bavarian team at the In
ternational University Invitational
Ski Meet, held at Yosemite last
Saturday and Sunday. Led by Cap
tain Hannes Janss, the team of Ul
rich Blackburn, Adolf Klayburgh,
Fritz Howell, and Giovanni Wickett
made a clean sweep in all events
over California.
The Stanford ski team placed sec
ond to the Bavarian team at the In
ternational University Invitational
Ski Meet, held at Yosemite last
Saturday and Sunday. Led by Cap
tain Hannes Janss, the team of Ul
rich Blackburn, Adolf Klayburgh,
Fritz Howell, and Giovanni Wickett
made a clean sweep in all events
over California.
The Stanford ski team placed sec
ond to the Bavarian team at the In
ternational University Invitational
Ski Meet, held at Yosemite last
Saturday and Sunday. Led by Cap
tain Hannes Janss, the team of Ul
rich Blackburn, Adolf Klayburgh,
Fritz Howell, and Giovanni Wickett
made a clean sweep in all events
over California.
The Stanford ski team placed sec
ond to the Bavarian team at the In
ternational University Invitational
Ski Meet, held at Yosemite last
Saturday and Sunday. Led by Cap
tain Hannes Janss, the team of Ul
rich Blackburn, Adolf Klayburgh,
Fritz Howell, and Giovanni Wickett
made a clean sweep in all events
over California.
The Stanford ski team placed sec
ond to the Bavarian team at the In
ternational University Invitational
Ski Meet, held at Yosemite last
Saturday and Sunday. Led by Cap
tain Hannes Janss, the team of Ul
rich Blackburn, Adolf Klayburgh,
Fritz Howell, and Giovanni Wickett
made a clean sweep in all events
over California.
The Stanford ski team placed sec
ond to the Bavarian team at the In
ternational University Invitational
Ski Meet, held at Yosemite last
Saturday and Sunday. Led by Cap
tain Hannes Janss, the team of Ul
rich Blackburn, Adolf Klayburgh,
Fritz Howell, and Giovanni Wickett
made a clean sweep in all events
over California.
The Stanford ski team placed sec
ond to the Bavarian team at the In
ternational University Invitational
Ski Meet, held at Yosemite last
Saturday and Sunday. Led by Cap
tain Hannes Janss, the team of Ul
rich Blackburn, Adolf Klayburgh,
Fritz Howell, and Giovanni Wickett
made a clean sweep in all events
over California.
The Stanford ski team placed sec
ond to the Bavarian team at the In
ternational University Invitational
Ski Meet, held at Yosemite last
Saturday and Sunday. Led by Cap
tain Hannes Janss, the team of Ul
rich Blackburn, Adolf Klayburgh,
Fritz Howell, and Giovanni Wickett
made a clean sweep in all events
over California.
