# Additions to Venetian Room.
## 
### 
Large additions have been made
to the Venetian glass collection in
the Museum, through the kindness
of Messrs. Salviati and Camerino,
the famous art glass workers of
Venice. This collection has al
ready become the best of its kind
in the United States, and with the
lot just received will contain al
most every known variety of
Venetian glass. The entire Vene
tian room is the direct result of
the interest taken in Stanford by
these gentlemen, whose attention
was first called to the University
through their connection with the
mosaic work in Memorial Church,

which was entirely furnished hy
them. Their establishment at
Murano, near Venice, is the most
extensive in Europe; their corps of
designers embracing some of the
best known French and Italian
artists of the day. In their glass
blowing department some of their
most artistic pieces are the produc
tions of the famous Baroviero fam
ily. Every piece in the Museum
collection is the personal selection
of Mr. M. Camerino, who has vis
ited Stanford several times within
the last few years.
The latest shipment of eighty
pieces included the following:
Fourteen beautiful specimens of
Calcedonia Agatata ware; several
replicas of pieces in the Bora
brinski collection, some dating
back to the seventh century; and
replicas from the collections of the
Empress Augusta, and of the
Milan, Murano, Vienna, the Louvre,
Florence, British and other mu
seums. The Slade collection is
represented by a deep ruby colored
vase. There are several pieces of
Moresque, Aventurina, Millefiori
(in Roman, Pompeiian, and Vene
tian designs). Corinto, and crystal
work. The majority of these de
signs are entirely different from
those first sent over, and many of
the pieces are much larger. The
designs and colors are more varied
and embrace many exceptionally
graceful and artistic combina
tions.
In order to give a distinctive
Venetian appearance to the room
Mr. Salviati is having the light
niches around the walls lined with
mosaic, in which appear designs of
famous Italian vases and urns in
their original colors.
This collection, although it has
been in the Museum but a little
over a year, has become known
throughout America, and many
tourists inquire for it. Messrs.
Camerino and Salviati are contin
ually looking out for material for
this room, which is becoming very
popular with art designers, who
come to study the lines of the vari
ous pieces for ideas and sugges
tions.
Large additions have been made
to the Venetian glass collection in
the Museum, through the kindness
of Messrs. Salviati and Camerino,
the famous art glass workers of
Venice. This collection has al
ready become the best of its kind
in the United States, and with the
lot just received will contain al
most every known variety of
Venetian glass. The entire Vene
tian room is the direct result of
the interest taken in Stanford by
these gentlemen, whose attention
was first called to the University
through their connection with the
mosaic work in Memorial Church,

which was entirely furnished hy
them. Their establishment at
Murano, near Venice, is the most
extensive in Europe; their corps of
designers embracing some of the
best known French and Italian
artists of the day. In their glass
blowing department some of their
most artistic pieces are the produc
tions of the famous Baroviero fam
ily. Every piece in the Museum
collection is the personal selection
of Mr. M. Camerino, who has vis
ited Stanford several times within
the last few years.
The latest shipment of eighty
pieces included the following:
Fourteen beautiful specimens of
Calcedonia Agatata ware; several
replicas of pieces in the Bora
brinski collection, some dating
back to the seventh century; and
replicas from the collections of the
Empress Augusta, and of the
Milan, Murano, Vienna, the Louvre,
Florence, British and other mu
seums. The Slade collection is
represented by a deep ruby colored
vase. There are several pieces of
Moresque, Aventurina, Millefiori
(in Roman, Pompeiian, and Vene
tian designs). Corinto, and crystal
work. The majority of these de
signs are entirely different from
those first sent over, and many of
the pieces are much larger. The
designs and colors are more varied
and embrace many exceptionally
graceful and artistic combina
tions.
In order to give a distinctive
Venetian appearance to the room
Mr. Salviati is having the light
niches around the walls lined with
mosaic, in which appear designs of
famous Italian vases and urns in
their original colors.
This collection, although it has
been in the Museum but a little
over a year, has become known
throughout America, and many
tourists inquire for it. Messrs.
Camerino and Salviati are contin
ually looking out for material for
this room, which is becoming very
popular with art designers, who
come to study the lines of the vari
ous pieces for ideas and sugges
tions.
Large additions have been made
to the Venetian glass collection in
the Museum, through the kindness
of Messrs. Salviati and Camerino,
the famous art glass workers of
Venice. This collection has al
ready become the best of its kind
in the United States, and with the
lot just received will contain al
most every known variety of
Venetian glass. The entire Vene
tian room is the direct result of
the interest taken in Stanford by
these gentlemen, whose attention
was first called to the University
through their connection with the
mosaic work in Memorial Church,

which was entirely furnished hy
them. Their establishment at
Murano, near Venice, is the most
extensive in Europe; their corps of
designers embracing some of the
best known French and Italian
artists of the day. In their glass
blowing department some of their
most artistic pieces are the produc
tions of the famous Baroviero fam
ily. Every piece in the Museum
collection is the personal selection
of Mr. M. Camerino, who has vis
ited Stanford several times within
the last few years.
The latest shipment of eighty
pieces included the following:
Fourteen beautiful specimens of
Calcedonia Agatata ware; several
replicas of pieces in the Bora
brinski collection, some dating
back to the seventh century; and
replicas from the collections of the
Empress Augusta, and of the
Milan, Murano, Vienna, the Louvre,
Florence, British and other mu
seums. The Slade collection is
represented by a deep ruby colored
vase. There are several pieces of
Moresque, Aventurina, Millefiori
(in Roman, Pompeiian, and Vene
tian designs). Corinto, and crystal
work. The majority of these de
signs are entirely different from
those first sent over, and many of
the pieces are much larger. The
designs and colors are more varied
and embrace many exceptionally
graceful and artistic combina
tions.
In order to give a distinctive
Venetian appearance to the room
Mr. Salviati is having the light
niches around the walls lined with
mosaic, in which appear designs of
famous Italian vases and urns in
their original colors.
This collection, although it has
been in the Museum but a little
over a year, has become known
throughout America, and many
tourists inquire for it. Messrs.
Camerino and Salviati are contin
ually looking out for material for
this room, which is becoming very
popular with art designers, who
come to study the lines of the vari
ous pieces for ideas and sugges
tions.
Large additions have been made
to the Venetian glass collection in
the Museum, through the kindness
of Messrs. Salviati and Camerino,
the famous art glass workers of
Venice. This collection has al
ready become the best of its kind
in the United States, and with the
lot just received will contain al
most every known variety of
Venetian glass. The entire Vene
tian room is the direct result of
the interest taken in Stanford by
these gentlemen, whose attention
was first called to the University
through their connection with the
mosaic work in Memorial Church,

which was entirely furnished hy
them. Their establishment at
Murano, near Venice, is the most
extensive in Europe; their corps of
designers embracing some of the
best known French and Italian
artists of the day. In their glass
blowing department some of their
most artistic pieces are the produc
tions of the famous Baroviero fam
ily. Every piece in the Museum
collection is the personal selection
of Mr. M. Camerino, who has vis
ited Stanford several times within
the last few years.
The latest shipment of eighty
pieces included the following:
Fourteen beautiful specimens of
Calcedonia Agatata ware; several
replicas of pieces in the Bora
brinski collection, some dating
back to the seventh century; and
replicas from the collections of the
Empress Augusta, and of the
Milan, Murano, Vienna, the Louvre,
Florence, British and other mu
seums. The Slade collection is
represented by a deep ruby colored
vase. There are several pieces of
Moresque, Aventurina, Millefiori
(in Roman, Pompeiian, and Vene
tian designs). Corinto, and crystal
work. The majority of these de
signs are entirely different from
those first sent over, and many of
the pieces are much larger. The
designs and colors are more varied
and embrace many exceptionally
graceful and artistic combina
tions.
In order to give a distinctive
Venetian appearance to the room
Mr. Salviati is having the light
niches around the walls lined with
mosaic, in which appear designs of
famous Italian vases and urns in
their original colors.
This collection, although it has
been in the Museum but a little
over a year, has become known
throughout America, and many
tourists inquire for it. Messrs.
Camerino and Salviati are contin
ually looking out for material for
this room, which is becoming very
popular with art designers, who
come to study the lines of the vari
ous pieces for ideas and sugges
tions.
Large additions have been made
to the Venetian glass collection in
the Museum, through the kindness
of Messrs. Salviati and Camerino,
the famous art glass workers of
Venice. This collection has al
ready become the best of its kind
in the United States, and with the
lot just received will contain al
most every known variety of
Venetian glass. The entire Vene
tian room is the direct result of
the interest taken in Stanford by
these gentlemen, whose attention
was first called to the University
through their connection with the
mosaic work in Memorial Church,

which was entirely furnished hy
them. Their establishment at
Murano, near Venice, is the most
extensive in Europe; their corps of
designers embracing some of the
best known French and Italian
artists of the day. In their glass
blowing department some of their
most artistic pieces are the produc
tions of the famous Baroviero fam
ily. Every piece in the Museum
collection is the personal selection
of Mr. M. Camerino, who has vis
ited Stanford several times within
the last few years.
The latest shipment of eighty
pieces included the following:
Fourteen beautiful specimens of
Calcedonia Agatata ware; several
replicas of pieces in the Bora
brinski collection, some dating
back to the seventh century; and
replicas from the collections of the
Empress Augusta, and of the
Milan, Murano, Vienna, the Louvre,
Florence, British and other mu
seums. The Slade collection is
represented by a deep ruby colored
vase. There are several pieces of
Moresque, Aventurina, Millefiori
(in Roman, Pompeiian, and Vene
tian designs). Corinto, and crystal
work. The majority of these de
signs are entirely different from
those first sent over, and many of
the pieces are much larger. The
designs and colors are more varied
and embrace many exceptionally
graceful and artistic combina
tions.
In order to give a distinctive
Venetian appearance to the room
Mr. Salviati is having the light
niches around the walls lined with
mosaic, in which appear designs of
famous Italian vases and urns in
their original colors.
This collection, although it has
been in the Museum but a little
over a year, has become known
throughout America, and many
tourists inquire for it. Messrs.
Camerino and Salviati are contin
ually looking out for material for
this room, which is becoming very
popular with art designers, who
come to study the lines of the vari
ous pieces for ideas and sugges
tions.
Large additions have been made
to the Venetian glass collection in
the Museum, through the kindness
of Messrs. Salviati and Camerino,
the famous art glass workers of
Venice. This collection has al
ready become the best of its kind
in the United States, and with the
lot just received will contain al
most every known variety of
Venetian glass. The entire Vene
tian room is the direct result of
the interest taken in Stanford by
these gentlemen, whose attention
was first called to the University
through their connection with the
mosaic work in Memorial Church,

which was entirely furnished hy
them. Their establishment at
Murano, near Venice, is the most
extensive in Europe; their corps of
designers embracing some of the
best known French and Italian
artists of the day. In their glass
blowing department some of their
most artistic pieces are the produc
tions of the famous Baroviero fam
ily. Every piece in the Museum
collection is the personal selection
of Mr. M. Camerino, who has vis
ited Stanford several times within
the last few years.
The latest shipment of eighty
pieces included the following:
Fourteen beautiful specimens of
Calcedonia Agatata ware; several
replicas of pieces in the Bora
brinski collection, some dating
back to the seventh century; and
replicas from the collections of the
Empress Augusta, and of the
Milan, Murano, Vienna, the Louvre,
Florence, British and other mu
seums. The Slade collection is
represented by a deep ruby colored
vase. There are several pieces of
Moresque, Aventurina, Millefiori
(in Roman, Pompeiian, and Vene
tian designs). Corinto, and crystal
work. The majority of these de
signs are entirely different from
those first sent over, and many of
the pieces are much larger. The
designs and colors are more varied
and embrace many exceptionally
graceful and artistic combina
tions.
In order to give a distinctive
Venetian appearance to the room
Mr. Salviati is having the light
niches around the walls lined with
mosaic, in which appear designs of
famous Italian vases and urns in
their original colors.
This collection, although it has
been in the Museum but a little
over a year, has become known
throughout America, and many
tourists inquire for it. Messrs.
Camerino and Salviati are contin
ually looking out for material for
this room, which is becoming very
popular with art designers, who
come to study the lines of the vari
ous pieces for ideas and sugges
tions.
Large additions have been made
to the Venetian glass collection in
the Museum, through the kindness
of Messrs. Salviati and Camerino,
the famous art glass workers of
Venice. This collection has al
ready become the best of its kind
in the United States, and with the
lot just received will contain al
most every known variety of
Venetian glass. The entire Vene
tian room is the direct result of
the interest taken in Stanford by
these gentlemen, whose attention
was first called to the University
through their connection with the
mosaic work in Memorial Church,

which was entirely furnished hy
them. Their establishment at
Murano, near Venice, is the most
extensive in Europe; their corps of
designers embracing some of the
best known French and Italian
artists of the day. In their glass
blowing department some of their
most artistic pieces are the produc
tions of the famous Baroviero fam
ily. Every piece in the Museum
collection is the personal selection
of Mr. M. Camerino, who has vis
ited Stanford several times within
the last few years.
The latest shipment of eighty
pieces included the following:
Fourteen beautiful specimens of
Calcedonia Agatata ware; several
replicas of pieces in the Bora
brinski collection, some dating
back to the seventh century; and
replicas from the collections of the
Empress Augusta, and of the
Milan, Murano, Vienna, the Louvre,
Florence, British and other mu
seums. The Slade collection is
represented by a deep ruby colored
vase. There are several pieces of
Moresque, Aventurina, Millefiori
(in Roman, Pompeiian, and Vene
tian designs). Corinto, and crystal
work. The majority of these de
signs are entirely different from
those first sent over, and many of
the pieces are much larger. The
designs and colors are more varied
and embrace many exceptionally
graceful and artistic combina
tions.
In order to give a distinctive
Venetian appearance to the room
Mr. Salviati is having the light
niches around the walls lined with
mosaic, in which appear designs of
famous Italian vases and urns in
their original colors.
This collection, although it has
been in the Museum but a little
over a year, has become known
throughout America, and many
tourists inquire for it. Messrs.
Camerino and Salviati are contin
ually looking out for material for
this room, which is becoming very
popular with art designers, who
come to study the lines of the vari
ous pieces for ideas and sugges
tions.
Large additions have been made
to the Venetian glass collection in
the Museum, through the kindness
of Messrs. Salviati and Camerino,
the famous art glass workers of
Venice. This collection has al
ready become the best of its kind
in the United States, and with the
lot just received will contain al
most every known variety of
Venetian glass. The entire Vene
tian room is the direct result of
the interest taken in Stanford by
these gentlemen, whose attention
was first called to the University
through their connection with the
mosaic work in Memorial Church,

which was entirely furnished hy
them. Their establishment at
Murano, near Venice, is the most
extensive in Europe; their corps of
designers embracing some of the
best known French and Italian
artists of the day. In their glass
blowing department some of their
most artistic pieces are the produc
tions of the famous Baroviero fam
ily. Every piece in the Museum
collection is the personal selection
of Mr. M. Camerino, who has vis
ited Stanford several times within
the last few years.
The latest shipment of eighty
pieces included the following:
Fourteen beautiful specimens of
Calcedonia Agatata ware; several
replicas of pieces in the Bora
brinski collection, some dating
back to the seventh century; and
replicas from the collections of the
Empress Augusta, and of the
Milan, Murano, Vienna, the Louvre,
Florence, British and other mu
seums. The Slade collection is
represented by a deep ruby colored
vase. There are several pieces of
Moresque, Aventurina, Millefiori
(in Roman, Pompeiian, and Vene
tian designs). Corinto, and crystal
work. The majority of these de
signs are entirely different from
those first sent over, and many of
the pieces are much larger. The
designs and colors are more varied
and embrace many exceptionally
graceful and artistic combina
tions.
In order to give a distinctive
Venetian appearance to the room
Mr. Salviati is having the light
niches around the walls lined with
mosaic, in which appear designs of
famous Italian vases and urns in
their original colors.
This collection, although it has
been in the Museum but a little
over a year, has become known
throughout America, and many
tourists inquire for it. Messrs.
Camerino and Salviati are contin
ually looking out for material for
this room, which is becoming very
popular with art designers, who
come to study the lines of the vari
ous pieces for ideas and sugges
tions.
