# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Those in charge of the art work
on the 1906 Quad are experiencing
some difficulty in finding contribu
tors among the undergraduate stu
dentn. The annual is # an under
graduate publication, and in the
very important department of art
there should appear the work of a
number of undergraduates. There
are some students now in college
who are known to he good artists,
and whose work is known to be of a
standard high enough to be pub
lished in the year-book. But it
must be that there are also a num
ber of other undergraduates now in
college who can do good work along
this line, but who have not offered
to submit drawings to the art editor
of the Quad. The book, in a sense,
is the production of the entire col
lege, and as such it should receive
the support of every one. Those in
charge of the '06 annual will ap
preciate the efforts of any one who
submits drawings, and will be glad
to learn of any undergraduate art
ists who have not yet come before
the college public.
Those in charge of the art work
on the 1906 Quad are experiencing
some difficulty in finding contribu
tors among the undergraduate stu
dentn. The annual is # an under
graduate publication, and in the
very important department of art
there should appear the work of a
number of undergraduates. There
are some students now in college
who are known to he good artists,
and whose work is known to be of a
standard high enough to be pub
lished in the year-book. But it
must be that there are also a num
ber of other undergraduates now in
college who can do good work along
this line, but who have not offered
to submit drawings to the art editor
of the Quad. The book, in a sense,
is the production of the entire col
lege, and as such it should receive
the support of every one. Those in
charge of the '06 annual will ap
preciate the efforts of any one who
submits drawings, and will be glad
to learn of any undergraduate art
ists who have not yet come before
the college public.
Those in charge of the art work
on the 1906 Quad are experiencing
some difficulty in finding contribu
tors among the undergraduate stu
dentn. The annual is # an under
graduate publication, and in the
very important department of art
there should appear the work of a
number of undergraduates. There
are some students now in college
who are known to he good artists,
and whose work is known to be of a
standard high enough to be pub
lished in the year-book. But it
must be that there are also a num
ber of other undergraduates now in
college who can do good work along
this line, but who have not offered
to submit drawings to the art editor
of the Quad. The book, in a sense,
is the production of the entire col
lege, and as such it should receive
the support of every one. Those in
charge of the '06 annual will ap
preciate the efforts of any one who
submits drawings, and will be glad
to learn of any undergraduate art
ists who have not yet come before
the college public.
Those in charge of the art work
on the 1906 Quad are experiencing
some difficulty in finding contribu
tors among the undergraduate stu
dentn. The annual is # an under
graduate publication, and in the
very important department of art
there should appear the work of a
number of undergraduates. There
are some students now in college
who are known to he good artists,
and whose work is known to be of a
standard high enough to be pub
lished in the year-book. But it
must be that there are also a num
ber of other undergraduates now in
college who can do good work along
this line, but who have not offered
to submit drawings to the art editor
of the Quad. The book, in a sense,
is the production of the entire col
lege, and as such it should receive
the support of every one. Those in
charge of the '06 annual will ap
preciate the efforts of any one who
submits drawings, and will be glad
to learn of any undergraduate art
ists who have not yet come before
the college public.
Those in charge of the art work
on the 1906 Quad are experiencing
some difficulty in finding contribu
tors among the undergraduate stu
dentn. The annual is # an under
graduate publication, and in the
very important department of art
there should appear the work of a
number of undergraduates. There
are some students now in college
who are known to he good artists,
and whose work is known to be of a
standard high enough to be pub
lished in the year-book. But it
must be that there are also a num
ber of other undergraduates now in
college who can do good work along
this line, but who have not offered
to submit drawings to the art editor
of the Quad. The book, in a sense,
is the production of the entire col
lege, and as such it should receive
the support of every one. Those in
charge of the '06 annual will ap
preciate the efforts of any one who
submits drawings, and will be glad
to learn of any undergraduate art
ists who have not yet come before
the college public.
Those in charge of the art work
on the 1906 Quad are experiencing
some difficulty in finding contribu
tors among the undergraduate stu
dentn. The annual is # an under
graduate publication, and in the
very important department of art
there should appear the work of a
number of undergraduates. There
are some students now in college
who are known to he good artists,
and whose work is known to be of a
standard high enough to be pub
lished in the year-book. But it
must be that there are also a num
ber of other undergraduates now in
college who can do good work along
this line, but who have not offered
to submit drawings to the art editor
of the Quad. The book, in a sense,
is the production of the entire col
lege, and as such it should receive
the support of every one. Those in
charge of the '06 annual will ap
preciate the efforts of any one who
submits drawings, and will be glad
to learn of any undergraduate art
ists who have not yet come before
the college public.
Those in charge of the art work
on the 1906 Quad are experiencing
some difficulty in finding contribu
tors among the undergraduate stu
dentn. The annual is # an under
graduate publication, and in the
very important department of art
there should appear the work of a
number of undergraduates. There
are some students now in college
who are known to he good artists,
and whose work is known to be of a
standard high enough to be pub
lished in the year-book. But it
must be that there are also a num
ber of other undergraduates now in
college who can do good work along
this line, but who have not offered
to submit drawings to the art editor
of the Quad. The book, in a sense,
is the production of the entire col
lege, and as such it should receive
the support of every one. Those in
charge of the '06 annual will ap
preciate the efforts of any one who
submits drawings, and will be glad
to learn of any undergraduate art
ists who have not yet come before
the college public.
Those in charge of the art work
on the 1906 Quad are experiencing
some difficulty in finding contribu
tors among the undergraduate stu
dentn. The annual is # an under
graduate publication, and in the
very important department of art
there should appear the work of a
number of undergraduates. There
are some students now in college
who are known to he good artists,
and whose work is known to be of a
standard high enough to be pub
lished in the year-book. But it
must be that there are also a num
ber of other undergraduates now in
college who can do good work along
this line, but who have not offered
to submit drawings to the art editor
of the Quad. The book, in a sense,
is the production of the entire col
lege, and as such it should receive
the support of every one. Those in
charge of the '06 annual will ap
preciate the efforts of any one who
submits drawings, and will be glad
to learn of any undergraduate art
ists who have not yet come before
the college public.
