# Meeting of Geology Club.
## 
### 
The regular bi-weekly meeting of
the Geology Club was held last
night at the home of E. Y. Pom
eroy, '05. F. B. Goudy, '05, read a
paper on "The Labor Situation in
Colorado." He discussed the labor
troubles among the miners since
1894. At the close of the paper a
general discussion of labor took
place. The club has made partial
arrangements for an open meeting
to take place sometime before the
close of the semester. A special
lecturer will be secured and a talk
will be given on some subject of in
terest to everyone.
The regular bi-weekly meeting of
the Geology Club was held last
night at the home of E. Y. Pom
eroy, '05. F. B. Goudy, '05, read a
paper on "The Labor Situation in
Colorado." He discussed the labor
troubles among the miners since
1894. At the close of the paper a
general discussion of labor took
place. The club has made partial
arrangements for an open meeting
to take place sometime before the
close of the semester. A special
lecturer will be secured and a talk
will be given on some subject of in
terest to everyone.
The regular bi-weekly meeting of
the Geology Club was held last
night at the home of E. Y. Pom
eroy, '05. F. B. Goudy, '05, read a
paper on "The Labor Situation in
Colorado." He discussed the labor
troubles among the miners since
1894. At the close of the paper a
general discussion of labor took
place. The club has made partial
arrangements for an open meeting
to take place sometime before the
close of the semester. A special
lecturer will be secured and a talk
will be given on some subject of in
terest to everyone.
The regular bi-weekly meeting of
the Geology Club was held last
night at the home of E. Y. Pom
eroy, '05. F. B. Goudy, '05, read a
paper on "The Labor Situation in
Colorado." He discussed the labor
troubles among the miners since
1894. At the close of the paper a
general discussion of labor took
place. The club has made partial
arrangements for an open meeting
to take place sometime before the
close of the semester. A special
lecturer will be secured and a talk
will be given on some subject of in
terest to everyone.
The regular bi-weekly meeting of
the Geology Club was held last
night at the home of E. Y. Pom
eroy, '05. F. B. Goudy, '05, read a
paper on "The Labor Situation in
Colorado." He discussed the labor
troubles among the miners since
1894. At the close of the paper a
general discussion of labor took
place. The club has made partial
arrangements for an open meeting
to take place sometime before the
close of the semester. A special
lecturer will be secured and a talk
will be given on some subject of in
terest to everyone.
The regular bi-weekly meeting of
the Geology Club was held last
night at the home of E. Y. Pom
eroy, '05. F. B. Goudy, '05, read a
paper on "The Labor Situation in
Colorado." He discussed the labor
troubles among the miners since
1894. At the close of the paper a
general discussion of labor took
place. The club has made partial
arrangements for an open meeting
to take place sometime before the
close of the semester. A special
lecturer will be secured and a talk
will be given on some subject of in
terest to everyone.
The regular bi-weekly meeting of
the Geology Club was held last
night at the home of E. Y. Pom
eroy, '05. F. B. Goudy, '05, read a
paper on "The Labor Situation in
Colorado." He discussed the labor
troubles among the miners since
1894. At the close of the paper a
general discussion of labor took
place. The club has made partial
arrangements for an open meeting
to take place sometime before the
close of the semester. A special
lecturer will be secured and a talk
will be given on some subject of in
terest to everyone.
The regular bi-weekly meeting of
the Geology Club was held last
night at the home of E. Y. Pom
eroy, '05. F. B. Goudy, '05, read a
paper on "The Labor Situation in
Colorado." He discussed the labor
troubles among the miners since
1894. At the close of the paper a
general discussion of labor took
place. The club has made partial
arrangements for an open meeting
to take place sometime before the
close of the semester. A special
lecturer will be secured and a talk
will be given on some subject of in
terest to everyone.
