# CHESS CLUB ENTRIES.
## Eighteen Men Will Try for Membership.â€”Games Will Begin Soon. 
### 
The entries for the fall tourna
ment of the Chess Club closed yes
terday, with eighteen men in the
lists. As this is twice the number
who can make places on the club
at the close of the tournament,
some keen competition should re
sult before all the matches are
played. Four of the entries are
former members of the club who
did not, however, make permanent
their membership to the club by
holding positions on the team.
There are also several Freshmen
who are known to be good players,
and it seems probable that these
with the four old men will be
among the nine chosen.
The entries are as follows: E. W.
Doane, '05, L. Gonsalves, '05, C.
W. Anderson, '06, J. F. Cahoon,
'06, H. L. Deering, '06, F. W.
Haselwood, '06, C. E. Spaulding,
'06, N. P. Barbour, '06, J. F. Cas
sell, '07, R. V. Garratt, '07, E.
Klette, '07, F. M. Redman, '07, H.
R. Thomas, '07, R. S. Woods, '07,
C. J. Chandler, '08, J. E. Cushing,
'08, T. R. W. F. Figg-Hoblyn, 'OS,
and L. Newland, 'OS.
All games must be played before
December 20th, and scores must be
handed in before that time to R.
A. Fuller, '05. The nine players
having the highest percentages of
games won will then become mem
bers of the club, and eligible to
try out for the team next spring,
provided over one-third of the
games possible have been played.
This provision is a new one this
year, and should have a very good
effect in making all the players
anxious to complete their games.
As this requirement will not neces
sitate the playing of more than
seven matches, or fourteen games,
it should not work any unfair
hardships upon the players, and at
the same time will prevent any
one from making the club who
shall not have interest enough to
do a little work. All matches in
the tournament are to consist of
two games.
President R. A. Fuller, '05, has
been corresponding with \V. E.
Neville of San Francisco, concern
ing the proposed exhibition match
which the latter is to give under
the auspices of the club. The date
has not yet been definitely decided
upon, but will probably he about
the first Friday or Saturday in De
cember.
The entries for the fall tourna
ment of the Chess Club closed yes
terday, with eighteen men in the
lists. As this is twice the number
who can make places on the club
at the close of the tournament,
some keen competition should re
sult before all the matches are
played. Four of the entries are
former members of the club who
did not, however, make permanent
their membership to the club by
holding positions on the team.
There are also several Freshmen
who are known to be good players,
and it seems probable that these
with the four old men will be
among the nine chosen.
The entries are as follows: E. W.
Doane, '05, L. Gonsalves, '05, C.
W. Anderson, '06, J. F. Cahoon,
'06, H. L. Deering, '06, F. W.
Haselwood, '06, C. E. Spaulding,
'06, N. P. Barbour, '06, J. F. Cas
sell, '07, R. V. Garratt, '07, E.
Klette, '07, F. M. Redman, '07, H.
R. Thomas, '07, R. S. Woods, '07,
C. J. Chandler, '08, J. E. Cushing,
'08, T. R. W. F. Figg-Hoblyn, 'OS,
and L. Newland, 'OS.
All games must be played before
December 20th, and scores must be
handed in before that time to R.
A. Fuller, '05. The nine players
having the highest percentages of
games won will then become mem
bers of the club, and eligible to
try out for the team next spring,
provided over one-third of the
games possible have been played.
This provision is a new one this
year, and should have a very good
effect in making all the players
anxious to complete their games.
As this requirement will not neces
sitate the playing of more than
seven matches, or fourteen games,
it should not work any unfair
hardships upon the players, and at
the same time will prevent any
one from making the club who
shall not have interest enough to
do a little work. All matches in
the tournament are to consist of
two games.
President R. A. Fuller, '05, has
been corresponding with \V. E.
Neville of San Francisco, concern
ing the proposed exhibition match
which the latter is to give under
the auspices of the club. The date
has not yet been definitely decided
upon, but will probably he about
the first Friday or Saturday in De
cember.
The entries for the fall tourna
ment of the Chess Club closed yes
terday, with eighteen men in the
lists. As this is twice the number
who can make places on the club
at the close of the tournament,
some keen competition should re
sult before all the matches are
played. Four of the entries are
former members of the club who
did not, however, make permanent
their membership to the club by
holding positions on the team.
There are also several Freshmen
who are known to be good players,
and it seems probable that these
with the four old men will be
among the nine chosen.
The entries are as follows: E. W.
Doane, '05, L. Gonsalves, '05, C.
W. Anderson, '06, J. F. Cahoon,
'06, H. L. Deering, '06, F. W.
Haselwood, '06, C. E. Spaulding,
'06, N. P. Barbour, '06, J. F. Cas
sell, '07, R. V. Garratt, '07, E.
Klette, '07, F. M. Redman, '07, H.
R. Thomas, '07, R. S. Woods, '07,
C. J. Chandler, '08, J. E. Cushing,
'08, T. R. W. F. Figg-Hoblyn, 'OS,
and L. Newland, 'OS.
All games must be played before
December 20th, and scores must be
handed in before that time to R.
A. Fuller, '05. The nine players
having the highest percentages of
games won will then become mem
bers of the club, and eligible to
try out for the team next spring,
provided over one-third of the
games possible have been played.
This provision is a new one this
year, and should have a very good
effect in making all the players
anxious to complete their games.
As this requirement will not neces
sitate the playing of more than
seven matches, or fourteen games,
it should not work any unfair
hardships upon the players, and at
the same time will prevent any
one from making the club who
shall not have interest enough to
do a little work. All matches in
the tournament are to consist of
two games.
President R. A. Fuller, '05, has
been corresponding with \V. E.
Neville of San Francisco, concern
ing the proposed exhibition match
which the latter is to give under
the auspices of the club. The date
has not yet been definitely decided
upon, but will probably he about
the first Friday or Saturday in De
cember.
The entries for the fall tourna
ment of the Chess Club closed yes
terday, with eighteen men in the
lists. As this is twice the number
who can make places on the club
at the close of the tournament,
some keen competition should re
sult before all the matches are
played. Four of the entries are
former members of the club who
did not, however, make permanent
their membership to the club by
holding positions on the team.
There are also several Freshmen
who are known to be good players,
and it seems probable that these
with the four old men will be
among the nine chosen.
The entries are as follows: E. W.
Doane, '05, L. Gonsalves, '05, C.
W. Anderson, '06, J. F. Cahoon,
'06, H. L. Deering, '06, F. W.
Haselwood, '06, C. E. Spaulding,
'06, N. P. Barbour, '06, J. F. Cas
sell, '07, R. V. Garratt, '07, E.
Klette, '07, F. M. Redman, '07, H.
R. Thomas, '07, R. S. Woods, '07,
C. J. Chandler, '08, J. E. Cushing,
'08, T. R. W. F. Figg-Hoblyn, 'OS,
and L. Newland, 'OS.
All games must be played before
December 20th, and scores must be
handed in before that time to R.
A. Fuller, '05. The nine players
having the highest percentages of
games won will then become mem
bers of the club, and eligible to
try out for the team next spring,
provided over one-third of the
games possible have been played.
This provision is a new one this
year, and should have a very good
effect in making all the players
anxious to complete their games.
As this requirement will not neces
sitate the playing of more than
seven matches, or fourteen games,
it should not work any unfair
hardships upon the players, and at
the same time will prevent any
one from making the club who
shall not have interest enough to
do a little work. All matches in
the tournament are to consist of
two games.
President R. A. Fuller, '05, has
been corresponding with \V. E.
Neville of San Francisco, concern
ing the proposed exhibition match
which the latter is to give under
the auspices of the club. The date
has not yet been definitely decided
upon, but will probably he about
the first Friday or Saturday in De
cember.
The entries for the fall tourna
ment of the Chess Club closed yes
terday, with eighteen men in the
lists. As this is twice the number
who can make places on the club
at the close of the tournament,
some keen competition should re
sult before all the matches are
played. Four of the entries are
former members of the club who
did not, however, make permanent
their membership to the club by
holding positions on the team.
There are also several Freshmen
who are known to be good players,
and it seems probable that these
with the four old men will be
among the nine chosen.
The entries are as follows: E. W.
Doane, '05, L. Gonsalves, '05, C.
W. Anderson, '06, J. F. Cahoon,
'06, H. L. Deering, '06, F. W.
Haselwood, '06, C. E. Spaulding,
'06, N. P. Barbour, '06, J. F. Cas
sell, '07, R. V. Garratt, '07, E.
Klette, '07, F. M. Redman, '07, H.
R. Thomas, '07, R. S. Woods, '07,
C. J. Chandler, '08, J. E. Cushing,
'08, T. R. W. F. Figg-Hoblyn, 'OS,
and L. Newland, 'OS.
All games must be played before
December 20th, and scores must be
handed in before that time to R.
A. Fuller, '05. The nine players
having the highest percentages of
games won will then become mem
bers of the club, and eligible to
try out for the team next spring,
provided over one-third of the
games possible have been played.
This provision is a new one this
year, and should have a very good
effect in making all the players
anxious to complete their games.
As this requirement will not neces
sitate the playing of more than
seven matches, or fourteen games,
it should not work any unfair
hardships upon the players, and at
the same time will prevent any
one from making the club who
shall not have interest enough to
do a little work. All matches in
the tournament are to consist of
two games.
President R. A. Fuller, '05, has
been corresponding with \V. E.
Neville of San Francisco, concern
ing the proposed exhibition match
which the latter is to give under
the auspices of the club. The date
has not yet been definitely decided
upon, but will probably he about
the first Friday or Saturday in De
cember.
The entries for the fall tourna
ment of the Chess Club closed yes
terday, with eighteen men in the
lists. As this is twice the number
who can make places on the club
at the close of the tournament,
some keen competition should re
sult before all the matches are
played. Four of the entries are
former members of the club who
did not, however, make permanent
their membership to the club by
holding positions on the team.
There are also several Freshmen
who are known to be good players,
and it seems probable that these
with the four old men will be
among the nine chosen.
The entries are as follows: E. W.
Doane, '05, L. Gonsalves, '05, C.
W. Anderson, '06, J. F. Cahoon,
'06, H. L. Deering, '06, F. W.
Haselwood, '06, C. E. Spaulding,
'06, N. P. Barbour, '06, J. F. Cas
sell, '07, R. V. Garratt, '07, E.
Klette, '07, F. M. Redman, '07, H.
R. Thomas, '07, R. S. Woods, '07,
C. J. Chandler, '08, J. E. Cushing,
'08, T. R. W. F. Figg-Hoblyn, 'OS,
and L. Newland, 'OS.
All games must be played before
December 20th, and scores must be
handed in before that time to R.
A. Fuller, '05. The nine players
having the highest percentages of
games won will then become mem
bers of the club, and eligible to
try out for the team next spring,
provided over one-third of the
games possible have been played.
This provision is a new one this
year, and should have a very good
effect in making all the players
anxious to complete their games.
As this requirement will not neces
sitate the playing of more than
seven matches, or fourteen games,
it should not work any unfair
hardships upon the players, and at
the same time will prevent any
one from making the club who
shall not have interest enough to
do a little work. All matches in
the tournament are to consist of
two games.
President R. A. Fuller, '05, has
been corresponding with \V. E.
Neville of San Francisco, concern
ing the proposed exhibition match
which the latter is to give under
the auspices of the club. The date
has not yet been definitely decided
upon, but will probably he about
the first Friday or Saturday in De
cember.
The entries for the fall tourna
ment of the Chess Club closed yes
terday, with eighteen men in the
lists. As this is twice the number
who can make places on the club
at the close of the tournament,
some keen competition should re
sult before all the matches are
played. Four of the entries are
former members of the club who
did not, however, make permanent
their membership to the club by
holding positions on the team.
There are also several Freshmen
who are known to be good players,
and it seems probable that these
with the four old men will be
among the nine chosen.
The entries are as follows: E. W.
Doane, '05, L. Gonsalves, '05, C.
W. Anderson, '06, J. F. Cahoon,
'06, H. L. Deering, '06, F. W.
Haselwood, '06, C. E. Spaulding,
'06, N. P. Barbour, '06, J. F. Cas
sell, '07, R. V. Garratt, '07, E.
Klette, '07, F. M. Redman, '07, H.
R. Thomas, '07, R. S. Woods, '07,
C. J. Chandler, '08, J. E. Cushing,
'08, T. R. W. F. Figg-Hoblyn, 'OS,
and L. Newland, 'OS.
All games must be played before
December 20th, and scores must be
handed in before that time to R.
A. Fuller, '05. The nine players
having the highest percentages of
games won will then become mem
bers of the club, and eligible to
try out for the team next spring,
provided over one-third of the
games possible have been played.
This provision is a new one this
year, and should have a very good
effect in making all the players
anxious to complete their games.
As this requirement will not neces
sitate the playing of more than
seven matches, or fourteen games,
it should not work any unfair
hardships upon the players, and at
the same time will prevent any
one from making the club who
shall not have interest enough to
do a little work. All matches in
the tournament are to consist of
two games.
President R. A. Fuller, '05, has
been corresponding with \V. E.
Neville of San Francisco, concern
ing the proposed exhibition match
which the latter is to give under
the auspices of the club. The date
has not yet been definitely decided
upon, but will probably he about
the first Friday or Saturday in De
cember.
The entries for the fall tourna
ment of the Chess Club closed yes
terday, with eighteen men in the
lists. As this is twice the number
who can make places on the club
at the close of the tournament,
some keen competition should re
sult before all the matches are
played. Four of the entries are
former members of the club who
did not, however, make permanent
their membership to the club by
holding positions on the team.
There are also several Freshmen
who are known to be good players,
and it seems probable that these
with the four old men will be
among the nine chosen.
The entries are as follows: E. W.
Doane, '05, L. Gonsalves, '05, C.
W. Anderson, '06, J. F. Cahoon,
'06, H. L. Deering, '06, F. W.
Haselwood, '06, C. E. Spaulding,
'06, N. P. Barbour, '06, J. F. Cas
sell, '07, R. V. Garratt, '07, E.
Klette, '07, F. M. Redman, '07, H.
R. Thomas, '07, R. S. Woods, '07,
C. J. Chandler, '08, J. E. Cushing,
'08, T. R. W. F. Figg-Hoblyn, 'OS,
and L. Newland, 'OS.
All games must be played before
December 20th, and scores must be
handed in before that time to R.
A. Fuller, '05. The nine players
having the highest percentages of
games won will then become mem
bers of the club, and eligible to
try out for the team next spring,
provided over one-third of the
games possible have been played.
This provision is a new one this
year, and should have a very good
effect in making all the players
anxious to complete their games.
As this requirement will not neces
sitate the playing of more than
seven matches, or fourteen games,
it should not work any unfair
hardships upon the players, and at
the same time will prevent any
one from making the club who
shall not have interest enough to
do a little work. All matches in
the tournament are to consist of
two games.
President R. A. Fuller, '05, has
been corresponding with \V. E.
Neville of San Francisco, concern
ing the proposed exhibition match
which the latter is to give under
the auspices of the club. The date
has not yet been definitely decided
upon, but will probably he about
the first Friday or Saturday in De
cember.
