# Preview
## 
### 
News

Wednesday

This afternoon the Hoefer Prizes will be
awarded to five Stanford undergraduate stu
dents in writing-intensive courses. Tomorrow's
Daily will cover the ceremony and introduce
the winners.
News

Wednesday

This afternoon the Hoefer Prizes will be
awarded to five Stanford undergraduate stu
dents in writing-intensive courses. Tomorrow's
Daily will cover the ceremony and introduce
the winners.
News

Wednesday

This afternoon the Hoefer Prizes will be
awarded to five Stanford undergraduate stu
dents in writing-intensive courses. Tomorrow's
Daily will cover the ceremony and introduce
the winners.
News

Wednesday

This afternoon the Hoefer Prizes will be
awarded to five Stanford undergraduate stu
dents in writing-intensive courses. Tomorrow's
Daily will cover the ceremony and introduce
the winners.
News

Wednesday

This afternoon the Hoefer Prizes will be
awarded to five Stanford undergraduate stu
dents in writing-intensive courses. Tomorrow's
Daily will cover the ceremony and introduce
the winners.
News

Wednesday

This afternoon the Hoefer Prizes will be
awarded to five Stanford undergraduate stu
dents in writing-intensive courses. Tomorrow's
Daily will cover the ceremony and introduce
the winners.
