# Press Reopens Paperback Series
## 
### 
Stanford University Press will
enter the paperback field early in
September, Director Leon E. Selt
zer annoifticed today.
The first 10 titles will be issued
Sept. 9, drawn from the "backlist"
of the Press which is now "ample
enough to sustain a strong paper
back series," Seltzer said.
Stanford expects to have 40 titles
in its new papcrback series by
February 1967, featuring large
type on high quality paper from
the original plates.
Previously, a dozen paperback
editions from the Press have ap
peared under the imprint of other
trade publishers, notably Athen
eum, which has had a cooperative
arrangement with the Stanford,
Harvard, and Princeton University
presses.
