# Antioch May Fight Draft
## 
### 
YELLOW SPRINGS, Ohio
(CPS) — The Administrative
Council of Antioch College rec
ommended last week that the
school stop ranking students for
the Selective Service System.
The action is subject to ap
proval by the college's Board of
Trustees at its November meet
ing and to further discussion
next term. The elimination of
class rankings for the Selective
Service System would take ef
fect in July, 1967.
The action was taken with the
clear approval of college presi
dent James P. Dixon, who in an
unusual show of support cast
his vote for the measure. Nor
mally the president votes on the
Council only to break a tie.
The Council is composed of
faculty, administration, and stu
dent representatives. The vote
cut across group lines, and the
two students split.
President Dixon said that he
supported the policy change so
long as it was made on educa
tional grounds and was not "in
terpreted as opposition to the
war in Viet Nam or as an insti
tutional stand of civil disobedi
ence."
YELLOW SPRINGS, Ohio
(CPS) — The Administrative
Council of Antioch College rec
ommended last week that the
school stop ranking students for
the Selective Service System.
The action is subject to ap
proval by the college's Board of
Trustees at its November meet
ing and to further discussion
next term. The elimination of
class rankings for the Selective
Service System would take ef
fect in July, 1967.
The action was taken with the
clear approval of college presi
dent James P. Dixon, who in an
unusual show of support cast
his vote for the measure. Nor
mally the president votes on the
Council only to break a tie.
The Council is composed of
faculty, administration, and stu
dent representatives. The vote
cut across group lines, and the
two students split.
President Dixon said that he
supported the policy change so
long as it was made on educa
tional grounds and was not "in
terpreted as opposition to the
war in Viet Nam or as an insti
tutional stand of civil disobedi
ence."
YELLOW SPRINGS, Ohio
(CPS) — The Administrative
Council of Antioch College rec
ommended last week that the
school stop ranking students for
the Selective Service System.
The action is subject to ap
proval by the college's Board of
Trustees at its November meet
ing and to further discussion
next term. The elimination of
class rankings for the Selective
Service System would take ef
fect in July, 1967.
The action was taken with the
clear approval of college presi
dent James P. Dixon, who in an
unusual show of support cast
his vote for the measure. Nor
mally the president votes on the
Council only to break a tie.
The Council is composed of
faculty, administration, and stu
dent representatives. The vote
cut across group lines, and the
two students split.
President Dixon said that he
supported the policy change so
long as it was made on educa
tional grounds and was not "in
terpreted as opposition to the
war in Viet Nam or as an insti
tutional stand of civil disobedi
ence."
YELLOW SPRINGS, Ohio
(CPS) — The Administrative
Council of Antioch College rec
ommended last week that the
school stop ranking students for
the Selective Service System.
The action is subject to ap
proval by the college's Board of
Trustees at its November meet
ing and to further discussion
next term. The elimination of
class rankings for the Selective
Service System would take ef
fect in July, 1967.
The action was taken with the
clear approval of college presi
dent James P. Dixon, who in an
unusual show of support cast
his vote for the measure. Nor
mally the president votes on the
Council only to break a tie.
The Council is composed of
faculty, administration, and stu
dent representatives. The vote
cut across group lines, and the
two students split.
President Dixon said that he
supported the policy change so
long as it was made on educa
tional grounds and was not "in
terpreted as opposition to the
war in Viet Nam or as an insti
tutional stand of civil disobedi
ence."
YELLOW SPRINGS, Ohio
(CPS) — The Administrative
Council of Antioch College rec
ommended last week that the
school stop ranking students for
the Selective Service System.
The action is subject to ap
proval by the college's Board of
Trustees at its November meet
ing and to further discussion
next term. The elimination of
class rankings for the Selective
Service System would take ef
fect in July, 1967.
The action was taken with the
clear approval of college presi
dent James P. Dixon, who in an
unusual show of support cast
his vote for the measure. Nor
mally the president votes on the
Council only to break a tie.
The Council is composed of
faculty, administration, and stu
dent representatives. The vote
cut across group lines, and the
two students split.
President Dixon said that he
supported the policy change so
long as it was made on educa
tional grounds and was not "in
terpreted as opposition to the
war in Viet Nam or as an insti
tutional stand of civil disobedi
ence."
YELLOW SPRINGS, Ohio
(CPS) — The Administrative
Council of Antioch College rec
ommended last week that the
school stop ranking students for
the Selective Service System.
The action is subject to ap
proval by the college's Board of
Trustees at its November meet
ing and to further discussion
next term. The elimination of
class rankings for the Selective
Service System would take ef
fect in July, 1967.
The action was taken with the
clear approval of college presi
dent James P. Dixon, who in an
unusual show of support cast
his vote for the measure. Nor
mally the president votes on the
Council only to break a tie.
The Council is composed of
faculty, administration, and stu
dent representatives. The vote
cut across group lines, and the
two students split.
President Dixon said that he
supported the policy change so
long as it was made on educa
tional grounds and was not "in
terpreted as opposition to the
war in Viet Nam or as an insti
tutional stand of civil disobedi
ence."
YELLOW SPRINGS, Ohio
(CPS) — The Administrative
Council of Antioch College rec
ommended last week that the
school stop ranking students for
the Selective Service System.
The action is subject to ap
proval by the college's Board of
Trustees at its November meet
ing and to further discussion
next term. The elimination of
class rankings for the Selective
Service System would take ef
fect in July, 1967.
The action was taken with the
clear approval of college presi
dent James P. Dixon, who in an
unusual show of support cast
his vote for the measure. Nor
mally the president votes on the
Council only to break a tie.
The Council is composed of
faculty, administration, and stu
dent representatives. The vote
cut across group lines, and the
two students split.
President Dixon said that he
supported the policy change so
long as it was made on educa
tional grounds and was not "in
terpreted as opposition to the
war in Viet Nam or as an insti
tutional stand of civil disobedi
ence."
YELLOW SPRINGS, Ohio
(CPS) — The Administrative
Council of Antioch College rec
ommended last week that the
school stop ranking students for
the Selective Service System.
The action is subject to ap
proval by the college's Board of
Trustees at its November meet
ing and to further discussion
next term. The elimination of
class rankings for the Selective
Service System would take ef
fect in July, 1967.
The action was taken with the
clear approval of college presi
dent James P. Dixon, who in an
unusual show of support cast
his vote for the measure. Nor
mally the president votes on the
Council only to break a tie.
The Council is composed of
faculty, administration, and stu
dent representatives. The vote
cut across group lines, and the
two students split.
President Dixon said that he
supported the policy change so
long as it was made on educa
tional grounds and was not "in
terpreted as opposition to the
war in Viet Nam or as an insti
tutional stand of civil disobedi
ence."
YELLOW SPRINGS, Ohio
(CPS) — The Administrative
Council of Antioch College rec
ommended last week that the
school stop ranking students for
the Selective Service System.
The action is subject to ap
proval by the college's Board of
Trustees at its November meet
ing and to further discussion
next term. The elimination of
class rankings for the Selective
Service System would take ef
fect in July, 1967.
The action was taken with the
clear approval of college presi
dent James P. Dixon, who in an
unusual show of support cast
his vote for the measure. Nor
mally the president votes on the
Council only to break a tie.
The Council is composed of
faculty, administration, and stu
dent representatives. The vote
cut across group lines, and the
two students split.
President Dixon said that he
supported the policy change so
long as it was made on educa
tional grounds and was not "in
terpreted as opposition to the
war in Viet Nam or as an insti
tutional stand of civil disobedi
ence."
YELLOW SPRINGS, Ohio
(CPS) — The Administrative
Council of Antioch College rec
ommended last week that the
school stop ranking students for
the Selective Service System.
The action is subject to ap
proval by the college's Board of
Trustees at its November meet
ing and to further discussion
next term. The elimination of
class rankings for the Selective
Service System would take ef
fect in July, 1967.
The action was taken with the
clear approval of college presi
dent James P. Dixon, who in an
unusual show of support cast
his vote for the measure. Nor
mally the president votes on the
Council only to break a tie.
The Council is composed of
faculty, administration, and stu
dent representatives. The vote
cut across group lines, and the
two students split.
President Dixon said that he
supported the policy change so
long as it was made on educa
tional grounds and was not "in
terpreted as opposition to the
war in Viet Nam or as an insti
tutional stand of civil disobedi
ence."
YELLOW SPRINGS, Ohio
(CPS) — The Administrative
Council of Antioch College rec
ommended last week that the
school stop ranking students for
the Selective Service System.
The action is subject to ap
proval by the college's Board of
Trustees at its November meet
ing and to further discussion
next term. The elimination of
class rankings for the Selective
Service System would take ef
fect in July, 1967.
The action was taken with the
clear approval of college presi
dent James P. Dixon, who in an
unusual show of support cast
his vote for the measure. Nor
mally the president votes on the
Council only to break a tie.
The Council is composed of
faculty, administration, and stu
dent representatives. The vote
cut across group lines, and the
two students split.
President Dixon said that he
supported the policy change so
long as it was made on educa
tional grounds and was not "in
terpreted as opposition to the
war in Viet Nam or as an insti
tutional stand of civil disobedi
ence."
YELLOW SPRINGS, Ohio
(CPS) — The Administrative
Council of Antioch College rec
ommended last week that the
school stop ranking students for
the Selective Service System.
The action is subject to ap
proval by the college's Board of
Trustees at its November meet
ing and to further discussion
next term. The elimination of
class rankings for the Selective
Service System would take ef
fect in July, 1967.
The action was taken with the
clear approval of college presi
dent James P. Dixon, who in an
unusual show of support cast
his vote for the measure. Nor
mally the president votes on the
Council only to break a tie.
The Council is composed of
faculty, administration, and stu
dent representatives. The vote
cut across group lines, and the
two students split.
President Dixon said that he
supported the policy change so
long as it was made on educa
tional grounds and was not "in
terpreted as opposition to the
war in Viet Nam or as an insti
tutional stand of civil disobedi
ence."
YELLOW SPRINGS, Ohio
(CPS) — The Administrative
Council of Antioch College rec
ommended last week that the
school stop ranking students for
the Selective Service System.
The action is subject to ap
proval by the college's Board of
Trustees at its November meet
ing and to further discussion
next term. The elimination of
class rankings for the Selective
Service System would take ef
fect in July, 1967.
The action was taken with the
clear approval of college presi
dent James P. Dixon, who in an
unusual show of support cast
his vote for the measure. Nor
mally the president votes on the
Council only to break a tie.
The Council is composed of
faculty, administration, and stu
dent representatives. The vote
cut across group lines, and the
two students split.
President Dixon said that he
supported the policy change so
long as it was made on educa
tional grounds and was not "in
terpreted as opposition to the
war in Viet Nam or as an insti
tutional stand of civil disobedi
ence."
YELLOW SPRINGS, Ohio
(CPS) — The Administrative
Council of Antioch College rec
ommended last week that the
school stop ranking students for
the Selective Service System.
The action is subject to ap
proval by the college's Board of
Trustees at its November meet
ing and to further discussion
next term. The elimination of
class rankings for the Selective
Service System would take ef
fect in July, 1967.
The action was taken with the
clear approval of college presi
dent James P. Dixon, who in an
unusual show of support cast
his vote for the measure. Nor
mally the president votes on the
Council only to break a tie.
The Council is composed of
faculty, administration, and stu
dent representatives. The vote
cut across group lines, and the
two students split.
President Dixon said that he
supported the policy change so
long as it was made on educa
tional grounds and was not "in
terpreted as opposition to the
war in Viet Nam or as an insti
tutional stand of civil disobedi
ence."
YELLOW SPRINGS, Ohio
(CPS) — The Administrative
Council of Antioch College rec
ommended last week that the
school stop ranking students for
the Selective Service System.
The action is subject to ap
proval by the college's Board of
Trustees at its November meet
ing and to further discussion
next term. The elimination of
class rankings for the Selective
Service System would take ef
fect in July, 1967.
The action was taken with the
clear approval of college presi
dent James P. Dixon, who in an
unusual show of support cast
his vote for the measure. Nor
mally the president votes on the
Council only to break a tie.
The Council is composed of
faculty, administration, and stu
dent representatives. The vote
cut across group lines, and the
two students split.
President Dixon said that he
supported the policy change so
long as it was made on educa
tional grounds and was not "in
terpreted as opposition to the
war in Viet Nam or as an insti
tutional stand of civil disobedi
ence."
YELLOW SPRINGS, Ohio
(CPS) — The Administrative
Council of Antioch College rec
ommended last week that the
school stop ranking students for
the Selective Service System.
The action is subject to ap
proval by the college's Board of
Trustees at its November meet
ing and to further discussion
next term. The elimination of
class rankings for the Selective
Service System would take ef
fect in July, 1967.
The action was taken with the
clear approval of college presi
dent James P. Dixon, who in an
unusual show of support cast
his vote for the measure. Nor
mally the president votes on the
Council only to break a tie.
The Council is composed of
faculty, administration, and stu
dent representatives. The vote
cut across group lines, and the
two students split.
President Dixon said that he
supported the policy change so
long as it was made on educa
tional grounds and was not "in
terpreted as opposition to the
war in Viet Nam or as an insti
tutional stand of civil disobedi
ence."
