# Fraternizing
## 
### 

Analyzing the role of Stanford fraternities are Donald
Carlson, associate dean of University Relations; Rob
ert G. Gordon, associate dean of students; and Beta
Chi member Ed Tripp. Fraternity, faculty ,and ad
ministration representatives met Friday night In
Carmel to mull over "the fraternity's place In a resi
dential university."

Analyzing the role of Stanford fraternities are Donald
Carlson, associate dean of University Relations; Rob
ert G. Gordon, associate dean of students; and Beta
Chi member Ed Tripp. Fraternity, faculty ,and ad
ministration representatives met Friday night In
Carmel to mull over "the fraternity's place In a resi
dential university."

Analyzing the role of Stanford fraternities are Donald
Carlson, associate dean of University Relations; Rob
ert G. Gordon, associate dean of students; and Beta
Chi member Ed Tripp. Fraternity, faculty ,and ad
ministration representatives met Friday night In
Carmel to mull over "the fraternity's place In a resi
dential university."

Analyzing the role of Stanford fraternities are Donald
Carlson, associate dean of University Relations; Rob
ert G. Gordon, associate dean of students; and Beta
Chi member Ed Tripp. Fraternity, faculty ,and ad
ministration representatives met Friday night In
Carmel to mull over "the fraternity's place In a resi
dential university."

Analyzing the role of Stanford fraternities are Donald
Carlson, associate dean of University Relations; Rob
ert G. Gordon, associate dean of students; and Beta
Chi member Ed Tripp. Fraternity, faculty ,and ad
ministration representatives met Friday night In
Carmel to mull over "the fraternity's place In a resi
dential university."

Analyzing the role of Stanford fraternities are Donald
Carlson, associate dean of University Relations; Rob
ert G. Gordon, associate dean of students; and Beta
Chi member Ed Tripp. Fraternity, faculty ,and ad
ministration representatives met Friday night In
Carmel to mull over "the fraternity's place In a resi
dential university."

Analyzing the role of Stanford fraternities are Donald
Carlson, associate dean of University Relations; Rob
ert G. Gordon, associate dean of students; and Beta
Chi member Ed Tripp. Fraternity, faculty ,and ad
ministration representatives met Friday night In
Carmel to mull over "the fraternity's place In a resi
dential university."

Analyzing the role of Stanford fraternities are Donald
Carlson, associate dean of University Relations; Rob
ert G. Gordon, associate dean of students; and Beta
Chi member Ed Tripp. Fraternity, faculty ,and ad
ministration representatives met Friday night In
Carmel to mull over "the fraternity's place In a resi
dential university."

Analyzing the role of Stanford fraternities are Donald
Carlson, associate dean of University Relations; Rob
ert G. Gordon, associate dean of students; and Beta
Chi member Ed Tripp. Fraternity, faculty ,and ad
ministration representatives met Friday night In
Carmel to mull over "the fraternity's place In a resi
dential university."

Analyzing the role of Stanford fraternities are Donald
Carlson, associate dean of University Relations; Rob
ert G. Gordon, associate dean of students; and Beta
Chi member Ed Tripp. Fraternity, faculty ,and ad
ministration representatives met Friday night In
Carmel to mull over "the fraternity's place In a resi
dential university."

Analyzing the role of Stanford fraternities are Donald
Carlson, associate dean of University Relations; Rob
ert G. Gordon, associate dean of students; and Beta
Chi member Ed Tripp. Fraternity, faculty ,and ad
ministration representatives met Friday night In
Carmel to mull over "the fraternity's place In a resi
dential university."

Analyzing the role of Stanford fraternities are Donald
Carlson, associate dean of University Relations; Rob
ert G. Gordon, associate dean of students; and Beta
Chi member Ed Tripp. Fraternity, faculty ,and ad
ministration representatives met Friday night In
Carmel to mull over "the fraternity's place In a resi
dential university."

Analyzing the role of Stanford fraternities are Donald
Carlson, associate dean of University Relations; Rob
ert G. Gordon, associate dean of students; and Beta
Chi member Ed Tripp. Fraternity, faculty ,and ad
ministration representatives met Friday night In
Carmel to mull over "the fraternity's place In a resi
dential university."

Analyzing the role of Stanford fraternities are Donald
Carlson, associate dean of University Relations; Rob
ert G. Gordon, associate dean of students; and Beta
Chi member Ed Tripp. Fraternity, faculty ,and ad
ministration representatives met Friday night In
Carmel to mull over "the fraternity's place In a resi
dential university."

Analyzing the role of Stanford fraternities are Donald
Carlson, associate dean of University Relations; Rob
ert G. Gordon, associate dean of students; and Beta
Chi member Ed Tripp. Fraternity, faculty ,and ad
ministration representatives met Friday night In
Carmel to mull over "the fraternity's place In a resi
dential university."

Analyzing the role of Stanford fraternities are Donald
Carlson, associate dean of University Relations; Rob
ert G. Gordon, associate dean of students; and Beta
Chi member Ed Tripp. Fraternity, faculty ,and ad
ministration representatives met Friday night In
Carmel to mull over "the fraternity's place In a resi
dential university."
