# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Tickets for the election re
turns in the Assembly llall*
November will iro on sale at
the Bookstore tomorrow at S
a.m. Only Stanford people can
purchase seats at this time.
Tickets for the election re
turns in the Assembly llall*
November will iro on sale at
the Bookstore tomorrow at S
a.m. Only Stanford people can
purchase seats at this time.
Tickets for the election re
turns in the Assembly llall*
November will iro on sale at
the Bookstore tomorrow at S
a.m. Only Stanford people can
purchase seats at this time.
Tickets for the election re
turns in the Assembly llall*
November will iro on sale at
the Bookstore tomorrow at S
a.m. Only Stanford people can
purchase seats at this time.
Tickets for the election re
turns in the Assembly llall*
November will iro on sale at
the Bookstore tomorrow at S
a.m. Only Stanford people can
purchase seats at this time.
Tickets for the election re
turns in the Assembly llall*
November will iro on sale at
the Bookstore tomorrow at S
a.m. Only Stanford people can
purchase seats at this time.
Tickets for the election re
turns in the Assembly llall*
November will iro on sale at
the Bookstore tomorrow at S
a.m. Only Stanford people can
purchase seats at this time.
Tickets for the election re
turns in the Assembly llall*
November will iro on sale at
the Bookstore tomorrow at S
a.m. Only Stanford people can
purchase seats at this time.
Tickets for the election re
turns in the Assembly llall*
November will iro on sale at
the Bookstore tomorrow at S
a.m. Only Stanford people can
purchase seats at this time.
Tickets for the election re
turns in the Assembly llall*
November will iro on sale at
the Bookstore tomorrow at S
a.m. Only Stanford people can
purchase seats at this time.
Tickets for the election re
turns in the Assembly llall*
November will iro on sale at
the Bookstore tomorrow at S
a.m. Only Stanford people can
purchase seats at this time.
Tickets for the election re
turns in the Assembly llall*
November will iro on sale at
the Bookstore tomorrow at S
a.m. Only Stanford people can
purchase seats at this time.
Tickets for the election re
turns in the Assembly llall*
November will iro on sale at
the Bookstore tomorrow at S
a.m. Only Stanford people can
purchase seats at this time.
