# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Thk custom of reporting lectun*!-
and sermons in the columns of th<
Daily Palo Alto has been in many
ways unsatisfactory. No discourse
can ever he trimmed down to the
proper length to lit the space ordi
narily at our disposal without ser
iously emasculating its original
strength and force. It was the in
tention of the present management
of the paper to discontinue the re
ports entirely, hut we have been
led upon further consideration to

modify this decision somewhat.
There are at times addresses here
which it would be unpardonable
neglect to allow to pass unnoticed.
To such as these we will simply ap
propriate the space necessav to re
port them properly. We believe
that a tew of the best lectures well
reported will give better satisfac
tion than a short, "choppy" report
of every single lecture that comes
along, no matter whether good, bad,
or indifferent. This is the only ex
planation we have to offer for the
extended report we print today of
vesterday morning's sermon.
