# Plants.
## 
### 
Full assortment, best kinds, rea
sonable prices. Sunset plants are
raised for selling, and must be
moved to make room for next sea
son's growing. Residents of the
University, Kilo Alto, Mayfiekl,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money by patronizing
Sunset Nurseries. Menlo Park.
Full assortment, best kinds, rea
sonable prices. Sunset plants are
raised for selling, and must be
moved to make room for next sea
son's growing. Residents of the
University, Kilo Alto, Mayfiekl,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money by patronizing
Sunset Nurseries. Menlo Park.
Full assortment, best kinds, rea
sonable prices. Sunset plants are
raised for selling, and must be
moved to make room for next sea
son's growing. Residents of the
University, Kilo Alto, Mayfiekl,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money by patronizing
Sunset Nurseries. Menlo Park.
Full assortment, best kinds, rea
sonable prices. Sunset plants are
raised for selling, and must be
moved to make room for next sea
son's growing. Residents of the
University, Kilo Alto, Mayfiekl,
and vicinity, who purpose planting,
will save money by patronizing
Sunset Nurseries. Menlo Park.
