# Cologne Awards Degree To Retired German Head
## 
### 
In recognition of his work in pro
moting mutual understanding be
tween the German and American
peoples, Dr. William Alpha Coop"',
retired head of the German Depart ■
ment, has been awarded Ihe degn -
of doctor of philosophy by the Uni
versity of Cologne.
The laudatio said in part, "In a
very distinguished institution of
higher learning he has labored un
wearyingly and successfully foi
German culture and literature and
he has brought the German Depart
ment of that institution to a note
worthy height both with respect to
American education and German re
search and learning."
In recognition of his work in pro
moting mutual understanding be
tween the German and American
peoples, Dr. William Alpha Coop"',
retired head of the German Depart ■
ment, has been awarded Ihe degn -
of doctor of philosophy by the Uni
versity of Cologne.
The laudatio said in part, "In a
very distinguished institution of
higher learning he has labored un
wearyingly and successfully foi
German culture and literature and
he has brought the German Depart
ment of that institution to a note
worthy height both with respect to
American education and German re
search and learning."
In recognition of his work in pro
moting mutual understanding be
tween the German and American
peoples, Dr. William Alpha Coop"',
retired head of the German Depart ■
ment, has been awarded Ihe degn -
of doctor of philosophy by the Uni
versity of Cologne.
The laudatio said in part, "In a
very distinguished institution of
higher learning he has labored un
wearyingly and successfully foi
German culture and literature and
he has brought the German Depart
ment of that institution to a note
worthy height both with respect to
American education and German re
search and learning."
In recognition of his work in pro
moting mutual understanding be
tween the German and American
peoples, Dr. William Alpha Coop"',
retired head of the German Depart ■
ment, has been awarded Ihe degn -
of doctor of philosophy by the Uni
versity of Cologne.
The laudatio said in part, "In a
very distinguished institution of
higher learning he has labored un
wearyingly and successfully foi
German culture and literature and
he has brought the German Depart
ment of that institution to a note
worthy height both with respect to
American education and German re
search and learning."
In recognition of his work in pro
moting mutual understanding be
tween the German and American
peoples, Dr. William Alpha Coop"',
retired head of the German Depart ■
ment, has been awarded Ihe degn -
of doctor of philosophy by the Uni
versity of Cologne.
The laudatio said in part, "In a
very distinguished institution of
higher learning he has labored un
wearyingly and successfully foi
German culture and literature and
he has brought the German Depart
ment of that institution to a note
worthy height both with respect to
American education and German re
search and learning."
In recognition of his work in pro
moting mutual understanding be
tween the German and American
peoples, Dr. William Alpha Coop"',
retired head of the German Depart ■
ment, has been awarded Ihe degn -
of doctor of philosophy by the Uni
versity of Cologne.
The laudatio said in part, "In a
very distinguished institution of
higher learning he has labored un
wearyingly and successfully foi
German culture and literature and
he has brought the German Depart
ment of that institution to a note
worthy height both with respect to
American education and German re
search and learning."
In recognition of his work in pro
moting mutual understanding be
tween the German and American
peoples, Dr. William Alpha Coop"',
retired head of the German Depart ■
ment, has been awarded Ihe degn -
of doctor of philosophy by the Uni
versity of Cologne.
The laudatio said in part, "In a
very distinguished institution of
higher learning he has labored un
wearyingly and successfully foi
German culture and literature and
he has brought the German Depart
ment of that institution to a note
worthy height both with respect to
American education and German re
search and learning."
In recognition of his work in pro
moting mutual understanding be
tween the German and American
peoples, Dr. William Alpha Coop"',
retired head of the German Depart ■
ment, has been awarded Ihe degn -
of doctor of philosophy by the Uni
versity of Cologne.
The laudatio said in part, "In a
very distinguished institution of
higher learning he has labored un
wearyingly and successfully foi
German culture and literature and
he has brought the German Depart
ment of that institution to a note
worthy height both with respect to
American education and German re
search and learning."
In recognition of his work in pro
moting mutual understanding be
tween the German and American
peoples, Dr. William Alpha Coop"',
retired head of the German Depart ■
ment, has been awarded Ihe degn -
of doctor of philosophy by the Uni
versity of Cologne.
The laudatio said in part, "In a
very distinguished institution of
higher learning he has labored un
wearyingly and successfully foi
German culture and literature and
he has brought the German Depart
ment of that institution to a note
worthy height both with respect to
American education and German re
search and learning."
In recognition of his work in pro
moting mutual understanding be
tween the German and American
peoples, Dr. William Alpha Coop"',
retired head of the German Depart ■
ment, has been awarded Ihe degn -
of doctor of philosophy by the Uni
versity of Cologne.
The laudatio said in part, "In a
very distinguished institution of
higher learning he has labored un
wearyingly and successfully foi
German culture and literature and
he has brought the German Depart
ment of that institution to a note
worthy height both with respect to
American education and German re
search and learning."
In recognition of his work in pro
moting mutual understanding be
tween the German and American
peoples, Dr. William Alpha Coop"',
retired head of the German Depart ■
ment, has been awarded Ihe degn -
of doctor of philosophy by the Uni
versity of Cologne.
The laudatio said in part, "In a
very distinguished institution of
higher learning he has labored un
wearyingly and successfully foi
German culture and literature and
he has brought the German Depart
ment of that institution to a note
worthy height both with respect to
American education and German re
search and learning."
In recognition of his work in pro
moting mutual understanding be
tween the German and American
peoples, Dr. William Alpha Coop"',
retired head of the German Depart ■
ment, has been awarded Ihe degn -
of doctor of philosophy by the Uni
versity of Cologne.
The laudatio said in part, "In a
very distinguished institution of
higher learning he has labored un
wearyingly and successfully foi
German culture and literature and
he has brought the German Depart
ment of that institution to a note
worthy height both with respect to
American education and German re
search and learning."
In recognition of his work in pro
moting mutual understanding be
tween the German and American
peoples, Dr. William Alpha Coop"',
retired head of the German Depart ■
ment, has been awarded Ihe degn -
of doctor of philosophy by the Uni
versity of Cologne.
The laudatio said in part, "In a
very distinguished institution of
higher learning he has labored un
wearyingly and successfully foi
German culture and literature and
he has brought the German Depart
ment of that institution to a note
worthy height both with respect to
American education and German re
search and learning."
In recognition of his work in pro
moting mutual understanding be
tween the German and American
peoples, Dr. William Alpha Coop"',
retired head of the German Depart ■
ment, has been awarded Ihe degn -
of doctor of philosophy by the Uni
versity of Cologne.
The laudatio said in part, "In a
very distinguished institution of
higher learning he has labored un
wearyingly and successfully foi
German culture and literature and
he has brought the German Depart
ment of that institution to a note
worthy height both with respect to
American education and German re
search and learning."
