# Santa Clara Boy Scouts To Assemble on Campus
## 
### 
Several hundred Boy Scouts from
Santa Clara will invade the Farm
this week-end when they pitch their
tents on the Sunken Diamond for a
two-day "camporee."
Several hundred Boy Scouts from
Santa Clara will invade the Farm
this week-end when they pitch their
tents on the Sunken Diamond for a
two-day "camporee."
Several hundred Boy Scouts from
Santa Clara will invade the Farm
this week-end when they pitch their
tents on the Sunken Diamond for a
two-day "camporee."
Several hundred Boy Scouts from
Santa Clara will invade the Farm
this week-end when they pitch their
tents on the Sunken Diamond for a
two-day "camporee."
Several hundred Boy Scouts from
Santa Clara will invade the Farm
this week-end when they pitch their
tents on the Sunken Diamond for a
two-day "camporee."
Several hundred Boy Scouts from
Santa Clara will invade the Farm
this week-end when they pitch their
tents on the Sunken Diamond for a
two-day "camporee."
Several hundred Boy Scouts from
Santa Clara will invade the Farm
this week-end when they pitch their
tents on the Sunken Diamond for a
two-day "camporee."
Several hundred Boy Scouts from
Santa Clara will invade the Farm
this week-end when they pitch their
tents on the Sunken Diamond for a
two-day "camporee."
Several hundred Boy Scouts from
Santa Clara will invade the Farm
this week-end when they pitch their
tents on the Sunken Diamond for a
two-day "camporee."
Several hundred Boy Scouts from
Santa Clara will invade the Farm
this week-end when they pitch their
tents on the Sunken Diamond for a
two-day "camporee."
Several hundred Boy Scouts from
Santa Clara will invade the Farm
this week-end when they pitch their
tents on the Sunken Diamond for a
two-day "camporee."
Several hundred Boy Scouts from
Santa Clara will invade the Farm
this week-end when they pitch their
tents on the Sunken Diamond for a
two-day "camporee."
Several hundred Boy Scouts from
Santa Clara will invade the Farm
this week-end when they pitch their
tents on the Sunken Diamond for a
two-day "camporee."
Several hundred Boy Scouts from
Santa Clara will invade the Farm
this week-end when they pitch their
tents on the Sunken Diamond for a
two-day "camporee."
