# NATIONAL CHAMP
## 
### 

Lavvson Little, after winning the
amateur title last spring, came back
and took the corresponding golf
championship in the United States.
He is a Stanford student.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lavvson Little, after winning the
amateur title last spring, came back
and took the corresponding golf
championship in the United States.
He is a Stanford student.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lavvson Little, after winning the
amateur title last spring, came back
and took the corresponding golf
championship in the United States.
He is a Stanford student.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lavvson Little, after winning the
amateur title last spring, came back
and took the corresponding golf
championship in the United States.
He is a Stanford student.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lavvson Little, after winning the
amateur title last spring, came back
and took the corresponding golf
championship in the United States.
He is a Stanford student.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lavvson Little, after winning the
amateur title last spring, came back
and took the corresponding golf
championship in the United States.
He is a Stanford student.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lavvson Little, after winning the
amateur title last spring, came back
and took the corresponding golf
championship in the United States.
He is a Stanford student.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lavvson Little, after winning the
amateur title last spring, came back
and took the corresponding golf
championship in the United States.
He is a Stanford student.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lavvson Little, after winning the
amateur title last spring, came back
and took the corresponding golf
championship in the United States.
He is a Stanford student.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lavvson Little, after winning the
amateur title last spring, came back
and took the corresponding golf
championship in the United States.
He is a Stanford student.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lavvson Little, after winning the
amateur title last spring, came back
and took the corresponding golf
championship in the United States.
He is a Stanford student.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lavvson Little, after winning the
amateur title last spring, came back
and took the corresponding golf
championship in the United States.
He is a Stanford student.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lavvson Little, after winning the
amateur title last spring, came back
and took the corresponding golf
championship in the United States.
He is a Stanford student.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lavvson Little, after winning the
amateur title last spring, came back
and took the corresponding golf
championship in the United States.
He is a Stanford student.
(Associated Press Photo)
