# WILL PILOT INDIAN VARSITY
## 
### 

Bobby Grayson, feared by California, U.S.C. and others alike, is raring
to go again from the fullback position on the Stanford varsity.
(Associated Press Photo)

Bobby Grayson, feared by California, U.S.C. and others alike, is raring
to go again from the fullback position on the Stanford varsity.
(Associated Press Photo)

Bobby Grayson, feared by California, U.S.C. and others alike, is raring
to go again from the fullback position on the Stanford varsity.
(Associated Press Photo)

Bobby Grayson, feared by California, U.S.C. and others alike, is raring
to go again from the fullback position on the Stanford varsity.
(Associated Press Photo)

Bobby Grayson, feared by California, U.S.C. and others alike, is raring
to go again from the fullback position on the Stanford varsity.
(Associated Press Photo)

Bobby Grayson, feared by California, U.S.C. and others alike, is raring
to go again from the fullback position on the Stanford varsity.
(Associated Press Photo)

Bobby Grayson, feared by California, U.S.C. and others alike, is raring
to go again from the fullback position on the Stanford varsity.
(Associated Press Photo)

Bobby Grayson, feared by California, U.S.C. and others alike, is raring
to go again from the fullback position on the Stanford varsity.
(Associated Press Photo)

Bobby Grayson, feared by California, U.S.C. and others alike, is raring
to go again from the fullback position on the Stanford varsity.
(Associated Press Photo)

Bobby Grayson, feared by California, U.S.C. and others alike, is raring
to go again from the fullback position on the Stanford varsity.
(Associated Press Photo)

Bobby Grayson, feared by California, U.S.C. and others alike, is raring
to go again from the fullback position on the Stanford varsity.
(Associated Press Photo)

Bobby Grayson, feared by California, U.S.C. and others alike, is raring
to go again from the fullback position on the Stanford varsity.
(Associated Press Photo)

Bobby Grayson, feared by California, U.S.C. and others alike, is raring
to go again from the fullback position on the Stanford varsity.
(Associated Press Photo)

Bobby Grayson, feared by California, U.S.C. and others alike, is raring
to go again from the fullback position on the Stanford varsity.
(Associated Press Photo)
