# GOLDEN GODDESS AT FLOWER SHOW
## 
### 

Barbara Cook with a gladiolus created by Carl Salbach of Berkeley. The
bloom is known as the Golden Goddess and was displayed at the California
fiower festival in Oakland. (Associated Press Photo)

Barbara Cook with a gladiolus created by Carl Salbach of Berkeley. The
bloom is known as the Golden Goddess and was displayed at the California
fiower festival in Oakland. (Associated Press Photo)

Barbara Cook with a gladiolus created by Carl Salbach of Berkeley. The
bloom is known as the Golden Goddess and was displayed at the California
fiower festival in Oakland. (Associated Press Photo)

Barbara Cook with a gladiolus created by Carl Salbach of Berkeley. The
bloom is known as the Golden Goddess and was displayed at the California
fiower festival in Oakland. (Associated Press Photo)

Barbara Cook with a gladiolus created by Carl Salbach of Berkeley. The
bloom is known as the Golden Goddess and was displayed at the California
fiower festival in Oakland. (Associated Press Photo)

Barbara Cook with a gladiolus created by Carl Salbach of Berkeley. The
bloom is known as the Golden Goddess and was displayed at the California
fiower festival in Oakland. (Associated Press Photo)

Barbara Cook with a gladiolus created by Carl Salbach of Berkeley. The
bloom is known as the Golden Goddess and was displayed at the California
fiower festival in Oakland. (Associated Press Photo)

Barbara Cook with a gladiolus created by Carl Salbach of Berkeley. The
bloom is known as the Golden Goddess and was displayed at the California
fiower festival in Oakland. (Associated Press Photo)

Barbara Cook with a gladiolus created by Carl Salbach of Berkeley. The
bloom is known as the Golden Goddess and was displayed at the California
fiower festival in Oakland. (Associated Press Photo)

Barbara Cook with a gladiolus created by Carl Salbach of Berkeley. The
bloom is known as the Golden Goddess and was displayed at the California
fiower festival in Oakland. (Associated Press Photo)

Barbara Cook with a gladiolus created by Carl Salbach of Berkeley. The
bloom is known as the Golden Goddess and was displayed at the California
fiower festival in Oakland. (Associated Press Photo)

Barbara Cook with a gladiolus created by Carl Salbach of Berkeley. The
bloom is known as the Golden Goddess and was displayed at the California
fiower festival in Oakland. (Associated Press Photo)

Barbara Cook with a gladiolus created by Carl Salbach of Berkeley. The
bloom is known as the Golden Goddess and was displayed at the California
fiower festival in Oakland. (Associated Press Photo)

Barbara Cook with a gladiolus created by Carl Salbach of Berkeley. The
bloom is known as the Golden Goddess and was displayed at the California
fiower festival in Oakland. (Associated Press Photo)
