# Stanford Student Wins Political Science Award
## 
### 
Cedric A. Larson, Stanford student,
and Daily staff member, won second
place in the William H. Baldwin 1934
political science contest with a paper
on "The Progress of the County Exe
cutive Plan."
The Baldwin prize contest has been
hold annually since 1912 for college
students in political science, under
the auspices of the National Munici
pal League, and this is the first time
a Stanford essay has placed.
Professor E. A. Cottrell, executive
head of the School of Social Sciences
£*t Stanford, served as chairman of
the committee of the National Mu
nicipal League which formulated the
rules of this year's competition.
Cedric A. Larson, Stanford student,
and Daily staff member, won second
place in the William H. Baldwin 1934
political science contest with a paper
on "The Progress of the County Exe
cutive Plan."
The Baldwin prize contest has been
hold annually since 1912 for college
students in political science, under
the auspices of the National Munici
pal League, and this is the first time
a Stanford essay has placed.
Professor E. A. Cottrell, executive
head of the School of Social Sciences
£*t Stanford, served as chairman of
the committee of the National Mu
nicipal League which formulated the
rules of this year's competition.
Cedric A. Larson, Stanford student,
and Daily staff member, won second
place in the William H. Baldwin 1934
political science contest with a paper
on "The Progress of the County Exe
cutive Plan."
The Baldwin prize contest has been
hold annually since 1912 for college
students in political science, under
the auspices of the National Munici
pal League, and this is the first time
a Stanford essay has placed.
Professor E. A. Cottrell, executive
head of the School of Social Sciences
£*t Stanford, served as chairman of
the committee of the National Mu
nicipal League which formulated the
rules of this year's competition.
Cedric A. Larson, Stanford student,
and Daily staff member, won second
place in the William H. Baldwin 1934
political science contest with a paper
on "The Progress of the County Exe
cutive Plan."
The Baldwin prize contest has been
hold annually since 1912 for college
students in political science, under
the auspices of the National Munici
pal League, and this is the first time
a Stanford essay has placed.
Professor E. A. Cottrell, executive
head of the School of Social Sciences
£*t Stanford, served as chairman of
the committee of the National Mu
nicipal League which formulated the
rules of this year's competition.
Cedric A. Larson, Stanford student,
and Daily staff member, won second
place in the William H. Baldwin 1934
political science contest with a paper
on "The Progress of the County Exe
cutive Plan."
The Baldwin prize contest has been
hold annually since 1912 for college
students in political science, under
the auspices of the National Munici
pal League, and this is the first time
a Stanford essay has placed.
Professor E. A. Cottrell, executive
head of the School of Social Sciences
£*t Stanford, served as chairman of
the committee of the National Mu
nicipal League which formulated the
rules of this year's competition.
Cedric A. Larson, Stanford student,
and Daily staff member, won second
place in the William H. Baldwin 1934
political science contest with a paper
on "The Progress of the County Exe
cutive Plan."
The Baldwin prize contest has been
hold annually since 1912 for college
students in political science, under
the auspices of the National Munici
pal League, and this is the first time
a Stanford essay has placed.
Professor E. A. Cottrell, executive
head of the School of Social Sciences
£*t Stanford, served as chairman of
the committee of the National Mu
nicipal League which formulated the
rules of this year's competition.
Cedric A. Larson, Stanford student,
and Daily staff member, won second
place in the William H. Baldwin 1934
political science contest with a paper
on "The Progress of the County Exe
cutive Plan."
The Baldwin prize contest has been
hold annually since 1912 for college
students in political science, under
the auspices of the National Munici
pal League, and this is the first time
a Stanford essay has placed.
Professor E. A. Cottrell, executive
head of the School of Social Sciences
£*t Stanford, served as chairman of
the committee of the National Mu
nicipal League which formulated the
rules of this year's competition.
Cedric A. Larson, Stanford student,
and Daily staff member, won second
place in the William H. Baldwin 1934
political science contest with a paper
on "The Progress of the County Exe
cutive Plan."
The Baldwin prize contest has been
hold annually since 1912 for college
students in political science, under
the auspices of the National Munici
pal League, and this is the first time
a Stanford essay has placed.
Professor E. A. Cottrell, executive
head of the School of Social Sciences
£*t Stanford, served as chairman of
the committee of the National Mu
nicipal League which formulated the
rules of this year's competition.
Cedric A. Larson, Stanford student,
and Daily staff member, won second
place in the William H. Baldwin 1934
political science contest with a paper
on "The Progress of the County Exe
cutive Plan."
The Baldwin prize contest has been
hold annually since 1912 for college
students in political science, under
the auspices of the National Munici
pal League, and this is the first time
a Stanford essay has placed.
Professor E. A. Cottrell, executive
head of the School of Social Sciences
£*t Stanford, served as chairman of
the committee of the National Mu
nicipal League which formulated the
rules of this year's competition.
Cedric A. Larson, Stanford student,
and Daily staff member, won second
place in the William H. Baldwin 1934
political science contest with a paper
on "The Progress of the County Exe
cutive Plan."
The Baldwin prize contest has been
hold annually since 1912 for college
students in political science, under
the auspices of the National Munici
pal League, and this is the first time
a Stanford essay has placed.
Professor E. A. Cottrell, executive
head of the School of Social Sciences
£*t Stanford, served as chairman of
the committee of the National Mu
nicipal League which formulated the
rules of this year's competition.
Cedric A. Larson, Stanford student,
and Daily staff member, won second
place in the William H. Baldwin 1934
political science contest with a paper
on "The Progress of the County Exe
cutive Plan."
The Baldwin prize contest has been
hold annually since 1912 for college
students in political science, under
the auspices of the National Munici
pal League, and this is the first time
a Stanford essay has placed.
Professor E. A. Cottrell, executive
head of the School of Social Sciences
£*t Stanford, served as chairman of
the committee of the National Mu
nicipal League which formulated the
rules of this year's competition.
Cedric A. Larson, Stanford student,
and Daily staff member, won second
place in the William H. Baldwin 1934
political science contest with a paper
on "The Progress of the County Exe
cutive Plan."
The Baldwin prize contest has been
hold annually since 1912 for college
students in political science, under
the auspices of the National Munici
pal League, and this is the first time
a Stanford essay has placed.
Professor E. A. Cottrell, executive
head of the School of Social Sciences
£*t Stanford, served as chairman of
the committee of the National Mu
nicipal League which formulated the
rules of this year's competition.
Cedric A. Larson, Stanford student,
and Daily staff member, won second
place in the William H. Baldwin 1934
political science contest with a paper
on "The Progress of the County Exe
cutive Plan."
The Baldwin prize contest has been
hold annually since 1912 for college
students in political science, under
the auspices of the National Munici
pal League, and this is the first time
a Stanford essay has placed.
Professor E. A. Cottrell, executive
head of the School of Social Sciences
£*t Stanford, served as chairman of
the committee of the National Mu
nicipal League which formulated the
rules of this year's competition.
Cedric A. Larson, Stanford student,
and Daily staff member, won second
place in the William H. Baldwin 1934
political science contest with a paper
on "The Progress of the County Exe
cutive Plan."
The Baldwin prize contest has been
hold annually since 1912 for college
students in political science, under
the auspices of the National Munici
pal League, and this is the first time
a Stanford essay has placed.
Professor E. A. Cottrell, executive
head of the School of Social Sciences
£*t Stanford, served as chairman of
the committee of the National Mu
nicipal League which formulated the
rules of this year's competition.
