# TROJAN BALL CARRIERS UNLIMBER FOR GRID SEASON
## 
### 

. Here are four men Stanford must watch next month. They have all had previous experience in Southern Cal
ifornia's football attacking system. Left to right: Cotton Warburton, quarter; Inky Wotkyns, full; ClifT Propst
and Cal Clemens, halves. (Associated Press Photo)

. Here are four men Stanford must watch next month. They have all had previous experience in Southern Cal
ifornia's football attacking system. Left to right: Cotton Warburton, quarter; Inky Wotkyns, full; ClifT Propst
and Cal Clemens, halves. (Associated Press Photo)

. Here are four men Stanford must watch next month. They have all had previous experience in Southern Cal
ifornia's football attacking system. Left to right: Cotton Warburton, quarter; Inky Wotkyns, full; ClifT Propst
and Cal Clemens, halves. (Associated Press Photo)

. Here are four men Stanford must watch next month. They have all had previous experience in Southern Cal
ifornia's football attacking system. Left to right: Cotton Warburton, quarter; Inky Wotkyns, full; ClifT Propst
and Cal Clemens, halves. (Associated Press Photo)

. Here are four men Stanford must watch next month. They have all had previous experience in Southern Cal
ifornia's football attacking system. Left to right: Cotton Warburton, quarter; Inky Wotkyns, full; ClifT Propst
and Cal Clemens, halves. (Associated Press Photo)

. Here are four men Stanford must watch next month. They have all had previous experience in Southern Cal
ifornia's football attacking system. Left to right: Cotton Warburton, quarter; Inky Wotkyns, full; ClifT Propst
and Cal Clemens, halves. (Associated Press Photo)

. Here are four men Stanford must watch next month. They have all had previous experience in Southern Cal
ifornia's football attacking system. Left to right: Cotton Warburton, quarter; Inky Wotkyns, full; ClifT Propst
and Cal Clemens, halves. (Associated Press Photo)

. Here are four men Stanford must watch next month. They have all had previous experience in Southern Cal
ifornia's football attacking system. Left to right: Cotton Warburton, quarter; Inky Wotkyns, full; ClifT Propst
and Cal Clemens, halves. (Associated Press Photo)

. Here are four men Stanford must watch next month. They have all had previous experience in Southern Cal
ifornia's football attacking system. Left to right: Cotton Warburton, quarter; Inky Wotkyns, full; ClifT Propst
and Cal Clemens, halves. (Associated Press Photo)

. Here are four men Stanford must watch next month. They have all had previous experience in Southern Cal
ifornia's football attacking system. Left to right: Cotton Warburton, quarter; Inky Wotkyns, full; ClifT Propst
and Cal Clemens, halves. (Associated Press Photo)

. Here are four men Stanford must watch next month. They have all had previous experience in Southern Cal
ifornia's football attacking system. Left to right: Cotton Warburton, quarter; Inky Wotkyns, full; ClifT Propst
and Cal Clemens, halves. (Associated Press Photo)

. Here are four men Stanford must watch next month. They have all had previous experience in Southern Cal
ifornia's football attacking system. Left to right: Cotton Warburton, quarter; Inky Wotkyns, full; ClifT Propst
and Cal Clemens, halves. (Associated Press Photo)

. Here are four men Stanford must watch next month. They have all had previous experience in Southern Cal
ifornia's football attacking system. Left to right: Cotton Warburton, quarter; Inky Wotkyns, full; ClifT Propst
and Cal Clemens, halves. (Associated Press Photo)

. Here are four men Stanford must watch next month. They have all had previous experience in Southern Cal
ifornia's football attacking system. Left to right: Cotton Warburton, quarter; Inky Wotkyns, full; ClifT Propst
and Cal Clemens, halves. (Associated Press Photo)
