# Honor Code In Use Here
## Supervision Lacking Examination Rooms 
### 
New students at Stanford will be
surprised at the absence of proctors
from the examination room. A plan
which makes proctorial supervision I
unnecessary and which places the
responsibility upon the student and
not the professor, will be a novelty
to most newcomers.
Code "As Is"
The Honor System is a duty which 1
the students of Stanford University
have taken upon themselves in the,
preparation of their academic work.
This includes an Honor Code, a
pledge made by the student that he
will neither give nor receive un-;
permitted aid in the preparation of
outside assignments or in examina- 1
tions.
The system also includes a method
of procedure whereby violators of
the Code are apprehended, tried, and
if found guilty, penalized. The sys
tem necessitates the utmost co-op- j
eration on the part of the students
in making honesty the natural, nor
mal course to be taken, and in mak
ing any infraction of the pledge un
permissible. In signing the Honor
Pledge the student automatically
takes upon himself the duty of re
porting any offenders of the code.
Profs Co-operate
If certain professors arc accus
tomed to allow greater freedom in
the preparation of graded work, |
they should explain clearly what is
included under permitted aid; other
wise all work that is handed in for
grading is considered under the
pledge as being done absolutely in
dependently and with full credit
given to sources by means of foot
notes and bibliographies.
The Honor System is not a police
system, but a self-imposed one of
regulation to produce mutual trust
and respect.
New students at Stanford will be
surprised at the absence of proctors
from the examination room. A plan
which makes proctorial supervision I
unnecessary and which places the
responsibility upon the student and
not the professor, will be a novelty
to most newcomers.
Code "As Is"
The Honor System is a duty which 1
the students of Stanford University
have taken upon themselves in the,
preparation of their academic work.
This includes an Honor Code, a
pledge made by the student that he
will neither give nor receive un-;
permitted aid in the preparation of
outside assignments or in examina- 1
tions.
The system also includes a method
of procedure whereby violators of
the Code are apprehended, tried, and
if found guilty, penalized. The sys
tem necessitates the utmost co-op- j
eration on the part of the students
in making honesty the natural, nor
mal course to be taken, and in mak
ing any infraction of the pledge un
permissible. In signing the Honor
Pledge the student automatically
takes upon himself the duty of re
porting any offenders of the code.
Profs Co-operate
If certain professors arc accus
tomed to allow greater freedom in
the preparation of graded work, |
they should explain clearly what is
included under permitted aid; other
wise all work that is handed in for
grading is considered under the
pledge as being done absolutely in
dependently and with full credit
given to sources by means of foot
notes and bibliographies.
The Honor System is not a police
system, but a self-imposed one of
regulation to produce mutual trust
and respect.
New students at Stanford will be
surprised at the absence of proctors
from the examination room. A plan
which makes proctorial supervision I
unnecessary and which places the
responsibility upon the student and
not the professor, will be a novelty
to most newcomers.
Code "As Is"
The Honor System is a duty which 1
the students of Stanford University
have taken upon themselves in the,
preparation of their academic work.
This includes an Honor Code, a
pledge made by the student that he
will neither give nor receive un-;
permitted aid in the preparation of
outside assignments or in examina- 1
tions.
The system also includes a method
of procedure whereby violators of
the Code are apprehended, tried, and
if found guilty, penalized. The sys
tem necessitates the utmost co-op- j
eration on the part of the students
in making honesty the natural, nor
mal course to be taken, and in mak
ing any infraction of the pledge un
permissible. In signing the Honor
Pledge the student automatically
takes upon himself the duty of re
porting any offenders of the code.
Profs Co-operate
If certain professors arc accus
tomed to allow greater freedom in
the preparation of graded work, |
they should explain clearly what is
included under permitted aid; other
wise all work that is handed in for
grading is considered under the
pledge as being done absolutely in
dependently and with full credit
given to sources by means of foot
notes and bibliographies.
The Honor System is not a police
system, but a self-imposed one of
regulation to produce mutual trust
and respect.
New students at Stanford will be
surprised at the absence of proctors
from the examination room. A plan
which makes proctorial supervision I
unnecessary and which places the
responsibility upon the student and
not the professor, will be a novelty
to most newcomers.
Code "As Is"
The Honor System is a duty which 1
the students of Stanford University
have taken upon themselves in the,
preparation of their academic work.
This includes an Honor Code, a
pledge made by the student that he
will neither give nor receive un-;
permitted aid in the preparation of
outside assignments or in examina- 1
tions.
The system also includes a method
of procedure whereby violators of
the Code are apprehended, tried, and
if found guilty, penalized. The sys
tem necessitates the utmost co-op- j
eration on the part of the students
in making honesty the natural, nor
mal course to be taken, and in mak
ing any infraction of the pledge un
permissible. In signing the Honor
Pledge the student automatically
takes upon himself the duty of re
porting any offenders of the code.
Profs Co-operate
If certain professors arc accus
tomed to allow greater freedom in
the preparation of graded work, |
they should explain clearly what is
included under permitted aid; other
wise all work that is handed in for
grading is considered under the
pledge as being done absolutely in
dependently and with full credit
given to sources by means of foot
notes and bibliographies.
The Honor System is not a police
system, but a self-imposed one of
regulation to produce mutual trust
and respect.
New students at Stanford will be
surprised at the absence of proctors
from the examination room. A plan
which makes proctorial supervision I
unnecessary and which places the
responsibility upon the student and
not the professor, will be a novelty
to most newcomers.
Code "As Is"
The Honor System is a duty which 1
the students of Stanford University
have taken upon themselves in the,
preparation of their academic work.
This includes an Honor Code, a
pledge made by the student that he
will neither give nor receive un-;
permitted aid in the preparation of
outside assignments or in examina- 1
tions.
The system also includes a method
of procedure whereby violators of
the Code are apprehended, tried, and
if found guilty, penalized. The sys
tem necessitates the utmost co-op- j
eration on the part of the students
in making honesty the natural, nor
mal course to be taken, and in mak
ing any infraction of the pledge un
permissible. In signing the Honor
Pledge the student automatically
takes upon himself the duty of re
porting any offenders of the code.
Profs Co-operate
If certain professors arc accus
tomed to allow greater freedom in
the preparation of graded work, |
they should explain clearly what is
included under permitted aid; other
wise all work that is handed in for
grading is considered under the
pledge as being done absolutely in
dependently and with full credit
given to sources by means of foot
notes and bibliographies.
The Honor System is not a police
system, but a self-imposed one of
regulation to produce mutual trust
and respect.
New students at Stanford will be
surprised at the absence of proctors
from the examination room. A plan
which makes proctorial supervision I
unnecessary and which places the
responsibility upon the student and
not the professor, will be a novelty
to most newcomers.
Code "As Is"
The Honor System is a duty which 1
the students of Stanford University
have taken upon themselves in the,
preparation of their academic work.
This includes an Honor Code, a
pledge made by the student that he
will neither give nor receive un-;
permitted aid in the preparation of
outside assignments or in examina- 1
tions.
The system also includes a method
of procedure whereby violators of
the Code are apprehended, tried, and
if found guilty, penalized. The sys
tem necessitates the utmost co-op- j
eration on the part of the students
in making honesty the natural, nor
mal course to be taken, and in mak
ing any infraction of the pledge un
permissible. In signing the Honor
Pledge the student automatically
takes upon himself the duty of re
porting any offenders of the code.
Profs Co-operate
If certain professors arc accus
tomed to allow greater freedom in
the preparation of graded work, |
they should explain clearly what is
included under permitted aid; other
wise all work that is handed in for
grading is considered under the
pledge as being done absolutely in
dependently and with full credit
given to sources by means of foot
notes and bibliographies.
The Honor System is not a police
system, but a self-imposed one of
regulation to produce mutual trust
and respect.
New students at Stanford will be
surprised at the absence of proctors
from the examination room. A plan
which makes proctorial supervision I
unnecessary and which places the
responsibility upon the student and
not the professor, will be a novelty
to most newcomers.
Code "As Is"
The Honor System is a duty which 1
the students of Stanford University
have taken upon themselves in the,
preparation of their academic work.
This includes an Honor Code, a
pledge made by the student that he
will neither give nor receive un-;
permitted aid in the preparation of
outside assignments or in examina- 1
tions.
The system also includes a method
of procedure whereby violators of
the Code are apprehended, tried, and
if found guilty, penalized. The sys
tem necessitates the utmost co-op- j
eration on the part of the students
in making honesty the natural, nor
mal course to be taken, and in mak
ing any infraction of the pledge un
permissible. In signing the Honor
Pledge the student automatically
takes upon himself the duty of re
porting any offenders of the code.
Profs Co-operate
If certain professors arc accus
tomed to allow greater freedom in
the preparation of graded work, |
they should explain clearly what is
included under permitted aid; other
wise all work that is handed in for
grading is considered under the
pledge as being done absolutely in
dependently and with full credit
given to sources by means of foot
notes and bibliographies.
The Honor System is not a police
system, but a self-imposed one of
regulation to produce mutual trust
and respect.
New students at Stanford will be
surprised at the absence of proctors
from the examination room. A plan
which makes proctorial supervision I
unnecessary and which places the
responsibility upon the student and
not the professor, will be a novelty
to most newcomers.
Code "As Is"
The Honor System is a duty which 1
the students of Stanford University
have taken upon themselves in the,
preparation of their academic work.
This includes an Honor Code, a
pledge made by the student that he
will neither give nor receive un-;
permitted aid in the preparation of
outside assignments or in examina- 1
tions.
The system also includes a method
of procedure whereby violators of
the Code are apprehended, tried, and
if found guilty, penalized. The sys
tem necessitates the utmost co-op- j
eration on the part of the students
in making honesty the natural, nor
mal course to be taken, and in mak
ing any infraction of the pledge un
permissible. In signing the Honor
Pledge the student automatically
takes upon himself the duty of re
porting any offenders of the code.
Profs Co-operate
If certain professors arc accus
tomed to allow greater freedom in
the preparation of graded work, |
they should explain clearly what is
included under permitted aid; other
wise all work that is handed in for
grading is considered under the
pledge as being done absolutely in
dependently and with full credit
given to sources by means of foot
notes and bibliographies.
The Honor System is not a police
system, but a self-imposed one of
regulation to produce mutual trust
and respect.
New students at Stanford will be
surprised at the absence of proctors
from the examination room. A plan
which makes proctorial supervision I
unnecessary and which places the
responsibility upon the student and
not the professor, will be a novelty
to most newcomers.
Code "As Is"
The Honor System is a duty which 1
the students of Stanford University
have taken upon themselves in the,
preparation of their academic work.
This includes an Honor Code, a
pledge made by the student that he
will neither give nor receive un-;
permitted aid in the preparation of
outside assignments or in examina- 1
tions.
The system also includes a method
of procedure whereby violators of
the Code are apprehended, tried, and
if found guilty, penalized. The sys
tem necessitates the utmost co-op- j
eration on the part of the students
in making honesty the natural, nor
mal course to be taken, and in mak
ing any infraction of the pledge un
permissible. In signing the Honor
Pledge the student automatically
takes upon himself the duty of re
porting any offenders of the code.
Profs Co-operate
If certain professors arc accus
tomed to allow greater freedom in
the preparation of graded work, |
they should explain clearly what is
included under permitted aid; other
wise all work that is handed in for
grading is considered under the
pledge as being done absolutely in
dependently and with full credit
given to sources by means of foot
notes and bibliographies.
The Honor System is not a police
system, but a self-imposed one of
regulation to produce mutual trust
and respect.
New students at Stanford will be
surprised at the absence of proctors
from the examination room. A plan
which makes proctorial supervision I
unnecessary and which places the
responsibility upon the student and
not the professor, will be a novelty
to most newcomers.
Code "As Is"
The Honor System is a duty which 1
the students of Stanford University
have taken upon themselves in the,
preparation of their academic work.
This includes an Honor Code, a
pledge made by the student that he
will neither give nor receive un-;
permitted aid in the preparation of
outside assignments or in examina- 1
tions.
The system also includes a method
of procedure whereby violators of
the Code are apprehended, tried, and
if found guilty, penalized. The sys
tem necessitates the utmost co-op- j
eration on the part of the students
in making honesty the natural, nor
mal course to be taken, and in mak
ing any infraction of the pledge un
permissible. In signing the Honor
Pledge the student automatically
takes upon himself the duty of re
porting any offenders of the code.
Profs Co-operate
If certain professors arc accus
tomed to allow greater freedom in
the preparation of graded work, |
they should explain clearly what is
included under permitted aid; other
wise all work that is handed in for
grading is considered under the
pledge as being done absolutely in
dependently and with full credit
given to sources by means of foot
notes and bibliographies.
The Honor System is not a police
system, but a self-imposed one of
regulation to produce mutual trust
and respect.
New students at Stanford will be
surprised at the absence of proctors
from the examination room. A plan
which makes proctorial supervision I
unnecessary and which places the
responsibility upon the student and
not the professor, will be a novelty
to most newcomers.
Code "As Is"
The Honor System is a duty which 1
the students of Stanford University
have taken upon themselves in the,
preparation of their academic work.
This includes an Honor Code, a
pledge made by the student that he
will neither give nor receive un-;
permitted aid in the preparation of
outside assignments or in examina- 1
tions.
The system also includes a method
of procedure whereby violators of
the Code are apprehended, tried, and
if found guilty, penalized. The sys
tem necessitates the utmost co-op- j
eration on the part of the students
in making honesty the natural, nor
mal course to be taken, and in mak
ing any infraction of the pledge un
permissible. In signing the Honor
Pledge the student automatically
takes upon himself the duty of re
porting any offenders of the code.
Profs Co-operate
If certain professors arc accus
tomed to allow greater freedom in
the preparation of graded work, |
they should explain clearly what is
included under permitted aid; other
wise all work that is handed in for
grading is considered under the
pledge as being done absolutely in
dependently and with full credit
given to sources by means of foot
notes and bibliographies.
The Honor System is not a police
system, but a self-imposed one of
regulation to produce mutual trust
and respect.
New students at Stanford will be
surprised at the absence of proctors
from the examination room. A plan
which makes proctorial supervision I
unnecessary and which places the
responsibility upon the student and
not the professor, will be a novelty
to most newcomers.
Code "As Is"
The Honor System is a duty which 1
the students of Stanford University
have taken upon themselves in the,
preparation of their academic work.
This includes an Honor Code, a
pledge made by the student that he
will neither give nor receive un-;
permitted aid in the preparation of
outside assignments or in examina- 1
tions.
The system also includes a method
of procedure whereby violators of
the Code are apprehended, tried, and
if found guilty, penalized. The sys
tem necessitates the utmost co-op- j
eration on the part of the students
in making honesty the natural, nor
mal course to be taken, and in mak
ing any infraction of the pledge un
permissible. In signing the Honor
Pledge the student automatically
takes upon himself the duty of re
porting any offenders of the code.
Profs Co-operate
If certain professors arc accus
tomed to allow greater freedom in
the preparation of graded work, |
they should explain clearly what is
included under permitted aid; other
wise all work that is handed in for
grading is considered under the
pledge as being done absolutely in
dependently and with full credit
given to sources by means of foot
notes and bibliographies.
The Honor System is not a police
system, but a self-imposed one of
regulation to produce mutual trust
and respect.
New students at Stanford will be
surprised at the absence of proctors
from the examination room. A plan
which makes proctorial supervision I
unnecessary and which places the
responsibility upon the student and
not the professor, will be a novelty
to most newcomers.
Code "As Is"
The Honor System is a duty which 1
the students of Stanford University
have taken upon themselves in the,
preparation of their academic work.
This includes an Honor Code, a
pledge made by the student that he
will neither give nor receive un-;
permitted aid in the preparation of
outside assignments or in examina- 1
tions.
The system also includes a method
of procedure whereby violators of
the Code are apprehended, tried, and
if found guilty, penalized. The sys
tem necessitates the utmost co-op- j
eration on the part of the students
in making honesty the natural, nor
mal course to be taken, and in mak
ing any infraction of the pledge un
permissible. In signing the Honor
Pledge the student automatically
takes upon himself the duty of re
porting any offenders of the code.
Profs Co-operate
If certain professors arc accus
tomed to allow greater freedom in
the preparation of graded work, |
they should explain clearly what is
included under permitted aid; other
wise all work that is handed in for
grading is considered under the
pledge as being done absolutely in
dependently and with full credit
given to sources by means of foot
notes and bibliographies.
The Honor System is not a police
system, but a self-imposed one of
regulation to produce mutual trust
and respect.
New students at Stanford will be
surprised at the absence of proctors
from the examination room. A plan
which makes proctorial supervision I
unnecessary and which places the
responsibility upon the student and
not the professor, will be a novelty
to most newcomers.
Code "As Is"
The Honor System is a duty which 1
the students of Stanford University
have taken upon themselves in the,
preparation of their academic work.
This includes an Honor Code, a
pledge made by the student that he
will neither give nor receive un-;
permitted aid in the preparation of
outside assignments or in examina- 1
tions.
The system also includes a method
of procedure whereby violators of
the Code are apprehended, tried, and
if found guilty, penalized. The sys
tem necessitates the utmost co-op- j
eration on the part of the students
in making honesty the natural, nor
mal course to be taken, and in mak
ing any infraction of the pledge un
permissible. In signing the Honor
Pledge the student automatically
takes upon himself the duty of re
porting any offenders of the code.
Profs Co-operate
If certain professors arc accus
tomed to allow greater freedom in
the preparation of graded work, |
they should explain clearly what is
included under permitted aid; other
wise all work that is handed in for
grading is considered under the
pledge as being done absolutely in
dependently and with full credit
given to sources by means of foot
notes and bibliographies.
The Honor System is not a police
system, but a self-imposed one of
regulation to produce mutual trust
and respect.
