# W. H. Brown Given Honor
## 
### 
National recognition was given an
other of Stanford's faculty this
month when Walter Henry Brown,
professor of hygiene and physical
education, was elected president of
the Western Branch of the American
Public Health Association at its an
nual meeting in Pasadena.
Professor Brown was also chosen
president - elect of the American
Public Health Association and will
take office at its meeting in Milwau
kee next year.
Other Stanford faculty members
to attend the Pasadena convention
were Professors Thomas A. Storey,
Charles E. Shepard, and George S.
Luckett, all of the department of
hygiene and physical education.
After the convention, the entire
group of delegates came north on
special excursion trains to visit the
Stanford campus.
National recognition was given an
other of Stanford's faculty this
month when Walter Henry Brown,
professor of hygiene and physical
education, was elected president of
the Western Branch of the American
Public Health Association at its an
nual meeting in Pasadena.
Professor Brown was also chosen
president - elect of the American
Public Health Association and will
take office at its meeting in Milwau
kee next year.
Other Stanford faculty members
to attend the Pasadena convention
were Professors Thomas A. Storey,
Charles E. Shepard, and George S.
Luckett, all of the department of
hygiene and physical education.
After the convention, the entire
group of delegates came north on
special excursion trains to visit the
Stanford campus.
National recognition was given an
other of Stanford's faculty this
month when Walter Henry Brown,
professor of hygiene and physical
education, was elected president of
the Western Branch of the American
Public Health Association at its an
nual meeting in Pasadena.
Professor Brown was also chosen
president - elect of the American
Public Health Association and will
take office at its meeting in Milwau
kee next year.
Other Stanford faculty members
to attend the Pasadena convention
were Professors Thomas A. Storey,
Charles E. Shepard, and George S.
Luckett, all of the department of
hygiene and physical education.
After the convention, the entire
group of delegates came north on
special excursion trains to visit the
Stanford campus.
National recognition was given an
other of Stanford's faculty this
month when Walter Henry Brown,
professor of hygiene and physical
education, was elected president of
the Western Branch of the American
Public Health Association at its an
nual meeting in Pasadena.
Professor Brown was also chosen
president - elect of the American
Public Health Association and will
take office at its meeting in Milwau
kee next year.
Other Stanford faculty members
to attend the Pasadena convention
were Professors Thomas A. Storey,
Charles E. Shepard, and George S.
Luckett, all of the department of
hygiene and physical education.
After the convention, the entire
group of delegates came north on
special excursion trains to visit the
Stanford campus.
National recognition was given an
other of Stanford's faculty this
month when Walter Henry Brown,
professor of hygiene and physical
education, was elected president of
the Western Branch of the American
Public Health Association at its an
nual meeting in Pasadena.
Professor Brown was also chosen
president - elect of the American
Public Health Association and will
take office at its meeting in Milwau
kee next year.
Other Stanford faculty members
to attend the Pasadena convention
were Professors Thomas A. Storey,
Charles E. Shepard, and George S.
Luckett, all of the department of
hygiene and physical education.
After the convention, the entire
group of delegates came north on
special excursion trains to visit the
Stanford campus.
National recognition was given an
other of Stanford's faculty this
month when Walter Henry Brown,
professor of hygiene and physical
education, was elected president of
the Western Branch of the American
Public Health Association at its an
nual meeting in Pasadena.
Professor Brown was also chosen
president - elect of the American
Public Health Association and will
take office at its meeting in Milwau
kee next year.
Other Stanford faculty members
to attend the Pasadena convention
were Professors Thomas A. Storey,
Charles E. Shepard, and George S.
Luckett, all of the department of
hygiene and physical education.
After the convention, the entire
group of delegates came north on
special excursion trains to visit the
Stanford campus.
National recognition was given an
other of Stanford's faculty this
month when Walter Henry Brown,
professor of hygiene and physical
education, was elected president of
the Western Branch of the American
Public Health Association at its an
nual meeting in Pasadena.
Professor Brown was also chosen
president - elect of the American
Public Health Association and will
take office at its meeting in Milwau
kee next year.
Other Stanford faculty members
to attend the Pasadena convention
were Professors Thomas A. Storey,
Charles E. Shepard, and George S.
Luckett, all of the department of
hygiene and physical education.
After the convention, the entire
group of delegates came north on
special excursion trains to visit the
Stanford campus.
National recognition was given an
other of Stanford's faculty this
month when Walter Henry Brown,
professor of hygiene and physical
education, was elected president of
the Western Branch of the American
Public Health Association at its an
nual meeting in Pasadena.
Professor Brown was also chosen
president - elect of the American
Public Health Association and will
take office at its meeting in Milwau
kee next year.
Other Stanford faculty members
to attend the Pasadena convention
were Professors Thomas A. Storey,
Charles E. Shepard, and George S.
Luckett, all of the department of
hygiene and physical education.
After the convention, the entire
group of delegates came north on
special excursion trains to visit the
Stanford campus.
National recognition was given an
other of Stanford's faculty this
month when Walter Henry Brown,
professor of hygiene and physical
education, was elected president of
the Western Branch of the American
Public Health Association at its an
nual meeting in Pasadena.
Professor Brown was also chosen
president - elect of the American
Public Health Association and will
take office at its meeting in Milwau
kee next year.
Other Stanford faculty members
to attend the Pasadena convention
were Professors Thomas A. Storey,
Charles E. Shepard, and George S.
Luckett, all of the department of
hygiene and physical education.
After the convention, the entire
group of delegates came north on
special excursion trains to visit the
Stanford campus.
National recognition was given an
other of Stanford's faculty this
month when Walter Henry Brown,
professor of hygiene and physical
education, was elected president of
the Western Branch of the American
Public Health Association at its an
nual meeting in Pasadena.
Professor Brown was also chosen
president - elect of the American
Public Health Association and will
take office at its meeting in Milwau
kee next year.
Other Stanford faculty members
to attend the Pasadena convention
were Professors Thomas A. Storey,
Charles E. Shepard, and George S.
Luckett, all of the department of
hygiene and physical education.
After the convention, the entire
group of delegates came north on
special excursion trains to visit the
Stanford campus.
National recognition was given an
other of Stanford's faculty this
month when Walter Henry Brown,
professor of hygiene and physical
education, was elected president of
the Western Branch of the American
Public Health Association at its an
nual meeting in Pasadena.
Professor Brown was also chosen
president - elect of the American
Public Health Association and will
take office at its meeting in Milwau
kee next year.
Other Stanford faculty members
to attend the Pasadena convention
were Professors Thomas A. Storey,
Charles E. Shepard, and George S.
Luckett, all of the department of
hygiene and physical education.
After the convention, the entire
group of delegates came north on
special excursion trains to visit the
Stanford campus.
National recognition was given an
other of Stanford's faculty this
month when Walter Henry Brown,
professor of hygiene and physical
education, was elected president of
the Western Branch of the American
Public Health Association at its an
nual meeting in Pasadena.
Professor Brown was also chosen
president - elect of the American
Public Health Association and will
take office at its meeting in Milwau
kee next year.
Other Stanford faculty members
to attend the Pasadena convention
were Professors Thomas A. Storey,
Charles E. Shepard, and George S.
Luckett, all of the department of
hygiene and physical education.
After the convention, the entire
group of delegates came north on
special excursion trains to visit the
Stanford campus.
National recognition was given an
other of Stanford's faculty this
month when Walter Henry Brown,
professor of hygiene and physical
education, was elected president of
the Western Branch of the American
Public Health Association at its an
nual meeting in Pasadena.
Professor Brown was also chosen
president - elect of the American
Public Health Association and will
take office at its meeting in Milwau
kee next year.
Other Stanford faculty members
to attend the Pasadena convention
were Professors Thomas A. Storey,
Charles E. Shepard, and George S.
Luckett, all of the department of
hygiene and physical education.
After the convention, the entire
group of delegates came north on
special excursion trains to visit the
Stanford campus.
National recognition was given an
other of Stanford's faculty this
month when Walter Henry Brown,
professor of hygiene and physical
education, was elected president of
the Western Branch of the American
Public Health Association at its an
nual meeting in Pasadena.
Professor Brown was also chosen
president - elect of the American
Public Health Association and will
take office at its meeting in Milwau
kee next year.
Other Stanford faculty members
to attend the Pasadena convention
were Professors Thomas A. Storey,
Charles E. Shepard, and George S.
Luckett, all of the department of
hygiene and physical education.
After the convention, the entire
group of delegates came north on
special excursion trains to visit the
Stanford campus.
