# DIRECTS BACKS
## 
### 

Ernie Nevers, all-American in his
own right, teaches backfield work to
the Stanford Varsity.

Ernie Nevers, all-American in his
own right, teaches backfield work to
the Stanford Varsity.

Ernie Nevers, all-American in his
own right, teaches backfield work to
the Stanford Varsity.

Ernie Nevers, all-American in his
own right, teaches backfield work to
the Stanford Varsity.

Ernie Nevers, all-American in his
own right, teaches backfield work to
the Stanford Varsity.

Ernie Nevers, all-American in his
own right, teaches backfield work to
the Stanford Varsity.

Ernie Nevers, all-American in his
own right, teaches backfield work to
the Stanford Varsity.

Ernie Nevers, all-American in his
own right, teaches backfield work to
the Stanford Varsity.

Ernie Nevers, all-American in his
own right, teaches backfield work to
the Stanford Varsity.

Ernie Nevers, all-American in his
own right, teaches backfield work to
the Stanford Varsity.

Ernie Nevers, all-American in his
own right, teaches backfield work to
the Stanford Varsity.

Ernie Nevers, all-American in his
own right, teaches backfield work to
the Stanford Varsity.

Ernie Nevers, all-American in his
own right, teaches backfield work to
the Stanford Varsity.

Ernie Nevers, all-American in his
own right, teaches backfield work to
the Stanford Varsity.
