# THETA SIGMA PHI ELECTS
## 
### 
Theta Sigmy Phi, women's
honorary journalism fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Charlotte Burridge
Barbara Fowler
Eleanor Harris
Betty Jane Hedden
Jane Humbird
Phyllis Jorgensen
Edwine Montague
Tamaki Nao
Anne Ritchie
Evelyn Schilling
Joyce Smart
Theta Sigmy Phi, women's
honorary journalism fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Charlotte Burridge
Barbara Fowler
Eleanor Harris
Betty Jane Hedden
Jane Humbird
Phyllis Jorgensen
Edwine Montague
Tamaki Nao
Anne Ritchie
Evelyn Schilling
Joyce Smart
Theta Sigmy Phi, women's
honorary journalism fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Charlotte Burridge
Barbara Fowler
Eleanor Harris
Betty Jane Hedden
Jane Humbird
Phyllis Jorgensen
Edwine Montague
Tamaki Nao
Anne Ritchie
Evelyn Schilling
Joyce Smart
Theta Sigmy Phi, women's
honorary journalism fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Charlotte Burridge
Barbara Fowler
Eleanor Harris
Betty Jane Hedden
Jane Humbird
Phyllis Jorgensen
Edwine Montague
Tamaki Nao
Anne Ritchie
Evelyn Schilling
Joyce Smart
Theta Sigmy Phi, women's
honorary journalism fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Charlotte Burridge
Barbara Fowler
Eleanor Harris
Betty Jane Hedden
Jane Humbird
Phyllis Jorgensen
Edwine Montague
Tamaki Nao
Anne Ritchie
Evelyn Schilling
Joyce Smart
Theta Sigmy Phi, women's
honorary journalism fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Charlotte Burridge
Barbara Fowler
Eleanor Harris
Betty Jane Hedden
Jane Humbird
Phyllis Jorgensen
Edwine Montague
Tamaki Nao
Anne Ritchie
Evelyn Schilling
Joyce Smart
Theta Sigmy Phi, women's
honorary journalism fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Charlotte Burridge
Barbara Fowler
Eleanor Harris
Betty Jane Hedden
Jane Humbird
Phyllis Jorgensen
Edwine Montague
Tamaki Nao
Anne Ritchie
Evelyn Schilling
Joyce Smart
Theta Sigmy Phi, women's
honorary journalism fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Charlotte Burridge
Barbara Fowler
Eleanor Harris
Betty Jane Hedden
Jane Humbird
Phyllis Jorgensen
Edwine Montague
Tamaki Nao
Anne Ritchie
Evelyn Schilling
Joyce Smart
Theta Sigmy Phi, women's
honorary journalism fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Charlotte Burridge
Barbara Fowler
Eleanor Harris
Betty Jane Hedden
Jane Humbird
Phyllis Jorgensen
Edwine Montague
Tamaki Nao
Anne Ritchie
Evelyn Schilling
Joyce Smart
Theta Sigmy Phi, women's
honorary journalism fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Charlotte Burridge
Barbara Fowler
Eleanor Harris
Betty Jane Hedden
Jane Humbird
Phyllis Jorgensen
Edwine Montague
Tamaki Nao
Anne Ritchie
Evelyn Schilling
Joyce Smart
Theta Sigmy Phi, women's
honorary journalism fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Charlotte Burridge
Barbara Fowler
Eleanor Harris
Betty Jane Hedden
Jane Humbird
Phyllis Jorgensen
Edwine Montague
Tamaki Nao
Anne Ritchie
Evelyn Schilling
Joyce Smart
Theta Sigmy Phi, women's
honorary journalism fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Charlotte Burridge
Barbara Fowler
Eleanor Harris
Betty Jane Hedden
Jane Humbird
Phyllis Jorgensen
Edwine Montague
Tamaki Nao
Anne Ritchie
Evelyn Schilling
Joyce Smart
Theta Sigmy Phi, women's
honorary journalism fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Charlotte Burridge
Barbara Fowler
Eleanor Harris
Betty Jane Hedden
Jane Humbird
Phyllis Jorgensen
Edwine Montague
Tamaki Nao
Anne Ritchie
Evelyn Schilling
Joyce Smart
Theta Sigmy Phi, women's
honorary journalism fraternity,
announces the election of the
following:
Charlotte Burridge
Barbara Fowler
Eleanor Harris
Betty Jane Hedden
Jane Humbird
Phyllis Jorgensen
Edwine Montague
Tamaki Nao
Anne Ritchie
Evelyn Schilling
Joyce Smart
