# ANNOUNCEMENT!
## Bowling For What Ails You 
### 
The United B'owling Alleys, 276 Uni
versity Ave. Six-team tournaments
every week. Cash prizes paid for high
scores. A new kind of pins introduced
called Jim Janes, the craze of the
town.
FRED MANSEN, Mgr.
The United B'owling Alleys, 276 Uni
versity Ave. Six-team tournaments
every week. Cash prizes paid for high
scores. A new kind of pins introduced
called Jim Janes, the craze of the
town.
FRED MANSEN, Mgr.
The United B'owling Alleys, 276 Uni
versity Ave. Six-team tournaments
every week. Cash prizes paid for high
scores. A new kind of pins introduced
called Jim Janes, the craze of the
town.
FRED MANSEN, Mgr.
The United B'owling Alleys, 276 Uni
versity Ave. Six-team tournaments
every week. Cash prizes paid for high
scores. A new kind of pins introduced
called Jim Janes, the craze of the
town.
FRED MANSEN, Mgr.
The United B'owling Alleys, 276 Uni
versity Ave. Six-team tournaments
every week. Cash prizes paid for high
scores. A new kind of pins introduced
called Jim Janes, the craze of the
town.
FRED MANSEN, Mgr.
The United B'owling Alleys, 276 Uni
versity Ave. Six-team tournaments
every week. Cash prizes paid for high
scores. A new kind of pins introduced
called Jim Janes, the craze of the
town.
FRED MANSEN, Mgr.
The United B'owling Alleys, 276 Uni
versity Ave. Six-team tournaments
every week. Cash prizes paid for high
scores. A new kind of pins introduced
called Jim Janes, the craze of the
town.
FRED MANSEN, Mgr.
The United B'owling Alleys, 276 Uni
versity Ave. Six-team tournaments
every week. Cash prizes paid for high
scores. A new kind of pins introduced
called Jim Janes, the craze of the
town.
FRED MANSEN, Mgr.
The United B'owling Alleys, 276 Uni
versity Ave. Six-team tournaments
every week. Cash prizes paid for high
scores. A new kind of pins introduced
called Jim Janes, the craze of the
town.
FRED MANSEN, Mgr.
The United B'owling Alleys, 276 Uni
versity Ave. Six-team tournaments
every week. Cash prizes paid for high
scores. A new kind of pins introduced
called Jim Janes, the craze of the
town.
FRED MANSEN, Mgr.
The United B'owling Alleys, 276 Uni
versity Ave. Six-team tournaments
every week. Cash prizes paid for high
scores. A new kind of pins introduced
called Jim Janes, the craze of the
town.
FRED MANSEN, Mgr.
The United B'owling Alleys, 276 Uni
versity Ave. Six-team tournaments
every week. Cash prizes paid for high
scores. A new kind of pins introduced
called Jim Janes, the craze of the
town.
FRED MANSEN, Mgr.
The United B'owling Alleys, 276 Uni
versity Ave. Six-team tournaments
every week. Cash prizes paid for high
scores. A new kind of pins introduced
called Jim Janes, the craze of the
town.
FRED MANSEN, Mgr.
The United B'owling Alleys, 276 Uni
versity Ave. Six-team tournaments
every week. Cash prizes paid for high
scores. A new kind of pins introduced
called Jim Janes, the craze of the
town.
FRED MANSEN, Mgr.
