# SHAKESPEARE’S “HAMLET” TO BE READ TONIGHT
## Miss Dorothea Spinney Will Give Reading of Hamlet in the Assembly Hall Tonight 
### 
Miss Dorothea Spinney will give a
dramatic reading of Shakespeare's
"Hamlet," at the Assembly Hall, this
evening, at 7:45. She presented
Sophocles' "Antigone" on the campus
three weeks ago. Miss Spinney has
recently added "Hamlet" to her rep
ortoire of Greek plays, and is giving
it here for the first time. As in the
case of her other plays she presents
all the characters in turn but takes
the costume of the leading part,
Hamlet.
Miss Spinney, native of Stratford
on-Avon, England, is internationally
known as one of the greatest of dra
matic readers and has given her in
terpretations of lireek plays to appre
ciative audiences throughout England
and America. She is noted for her
beautiful and expressive voice and
for her marvelous renditions of char
acter and motives of persons in the
play.
The Assembly Hall will be used be
cause Miss Spinney's previous visits to
the campus have proved the Little
Theatre to be too small for the audi
ences that have gathered for her read
ings. The general public is invited
to attend and there will be no admis
sion charge..
Miss Dorothea Spinney will give a
dramatic reading of Shakespeare's
"Hamlet," at the Assembly Hall, this
evening, at 7:45. She presented
Sophocles' "Antigone" on the campus
three weeks ago. Miss Spinney has
recently added "Hamlet" to her rep
ortoire of Greek plays, and is giving
it here for the first time. As in the
case of her other plays she presents
all the characters in turn but takes
the costume of the leading part,
Hamlet.
Miss Spinney, native of Stratford
on-Avon, England, is internationally
known as one of the greatest of dra
matic readers and has given her in
terpretations of lireek plays to appre
ciative audiences throughout England
and America. She is noted for her
beautiful and expressive voice and
for her marvelous renditions of char
acter and motives of persons in the
play.
The Assembly Hall will be used be
cause Miss Spinney's previous visits to
the campus have proved the Little
Theatre to be too small for the audi
ences that have gathered for her read
ings. The general public is invited
to attend and there will be no admis
sion charge..
Miss Dorothea Spinney will give a
dramatic reading of Shakespeare's
"Hamlet," at the Assembly Hall, this
evening, at 7:45. She presented
Sophocles' "Antigone" on the campus
three weeks ago. Miss Spinney has
recently added "Hamlet" to her rep
ortoire of Greek plays, and is giving
it here for the first time. As in the
case of her other plays she presents
all the characters in turn but takes
the costume of the leading part,
Hamlet.
Miss Spinney, native of Stratford
on-Avon, England, is internationally
known as one of the greatest of dra
matic readers and has given her in
terpretations of lireek plays to appre
ciative audiences throughout England
and America. She is noted for her
beautiful and expressive voice and
for her marvelous renditions of char
acter and motives of persons in the
play.
The Assembly Hall will be used be
cause Miss Spinney's previous visits to
the campus have proved the Little
Theatre to be too small for the audi
ences that have gathered for her read
ings. The general public is invited
to attend and there will be no admis
sion charge..
Miss Dorothea Spinney will give a
dramatic reading of Shakespeare's
"Hamlet," at the Assembly Hall, this
evening, at 7:45. She presented
Sophocles' "Antigone" on the campus
three weeks ago. Miss Spinney has
recently added "Hamlet" to her rep
ortoire of Greek plays, and is giving
it here for the first time. As in the
case of her other plays she presents
all the characters in turn but takes
the costume of the leading part,
Hamlet.
Miss Spinney, native of Stratford
on-Avon, England, is internationally
known as one of the greatest of dra
matic readers and has given her in
terpretations of lireek plays to appre
ciative audiences throughout England
and America. She is noted for her
beautiful and expressive voice and
for her marvelous renditions of char
acter and motives of persons in the
play.
The Assembly Hall will be used be
cause Miss Spinney's previous visits to
the campus have proved the Little
Theatre to be too small for the audi
ences that have gathered for her read
ings. The general public is invited
to attend and there will be no admis
sion charge..
Miss Dorothea Spinney will give a
dramatic reading of Shakespeare's
"Hamlet," at the Assembly Hall, this
evening, at 7:45. She presented
Sophocles' "Antigone" on the campus
three weeks ago. Miss Spinney has
recently added "Hamlet" to her rep
ortoire of Greek plays, and is giving
it here for the first time. As in the
case of her other plays she presents
all the characters in turn but takes
the costume of the leading part,
Hamlet.
Miss Spinney, native of Stratford
on-Avon, England, is internationally
known as one of the greatest of dra
matic readers and has given her in
terpretations of lireek plays to appre
ciative audiences throughout England
and America. She is noted for her
beautiful and expressive voice and
for her marvelous renditions of char
acter and motives of persons in the
play.
The Assembly Hall will be used be
cause Miss Spinney's previous visits to
the campus have proved the Little
Theatre to be too small for the audi
ences that have gathered for her read
ings. The general public is invited
to attend and there will be no admis
sion charge..
Miss Dorothea Spinney will give a
dramatic reading of Shakespeare's
"Hamlet," at the Assembly Hall, this
evening, at 7:45. She presented
Sophocles' "Antigone" on the campus
three weeks ago. Miss Spinney has
recently added "Hamlet" to her rep
ortoire of Greek plays, and is giving
it here for the first time. As in the
case of her other plays she presents
all the characters in turn but takes
the costume of the leading part,
Hamlet.
Miss Spinney, native of Stratford
on-Avon, England, is internationally
known as one of the greatest of dra
matic readers and has given her in
terpretations of lireek plays to appre
ciative audiences throughout England
and America. She is noted for her
beautiful and expressive voice and
for her marvelous renditions of char
acter and motives of persons in the
play.
The Assembly Hall will be used be
cause Miss Spinney's previous visits to
the campus have proved the Little
Theatre to be too small for the audi
ences that have gathered for her read
ings. The general public is invited
to attend and there will be no admis
sion charge..
Miss Dorothea Spinney will give a
dramatic reading of Shakespeare's
"Hamlet," at the Assembly Hall, this
evening, at 7:45. She presented
Sophocles' "Antigone" on the campus
three weeks ago. Miss Spinney has
recently added "Hamlet" to her rep
ortoire of Greek plays, and is giving
it here for the first time. As in the
case of her other plays she presents
all the characters in turn but takes
the costume of the leading part,
Hamlet.
Miss Spinney, native of Stratford
on-Avon, England, is internationally
known as one of the greatest of dra
matic readers and has given her in
terpretations of lireek plays to appre
ciative audiences throughout England
and America. She is noted for her
beautiful and expressive voice and
for her marvelous renditions of char
acter and motives of persons in the
play.
The Assembly Hall will be used be
cause Miss Spinney's previous visits to
the campus have proved the Little
Theatre to be too small for the audi
ences that have gathered for her read
ings. The general public is invited
to attend and there will be no admis
sion charge..
Miss Dorothea Spinney will give a
dramatic reading of Shakespeare's
"Hamlet," at the Assembly Hall, this
evening, at 7:45. She presented
Sophocles' "Antigone" on the campus
three weeks ago. Miss Spinney has
recently added "Hamlet" to her rep
ortoire of Greek plays, and is giving
it here for the first time. As in the
case of her other plays she presents
all the characters in turn but takes
the costume of the leading part,
Hamlet.
Miss Spinney, native of Stratford
on-Avon, England, is internationally
known as one of the greatest of dra
matic readers and has given her in
terpretations of lireek plays to appre
ciative audiences throughout England
and America. She is noted for her
beautiful and expressive voice and
for her marvelous renditions of char
acter and motives of persons in the
play.
The Assembly Hall will be used be
cause Miss Spinney's previous visits to
the campus have proved the Little
Theatre to be too small for the audi
ences that have gathered for her read
ings. The general public is invited
to attend and there will be no admis
sion charge..
Miss Dorothea Spinney will give a
dramatic reading of Shakespeare's
"Hamlet," at the Assembly Hall, this
evening, at 7:45. She presented
Sophocles' "Antigone" on the campus
three weeks ago. Miss Spinney has
recently added "Hamlet" to her rep
ortoire of Greek plays, and is giving
it here for the first time. As in the
case of her other plays she presents
all the characters in turn but takes
the costume of the leading part,
Hamlet.
Miss Spinney, native of Stratford
on-Avon, England, is internationally
known as one of the greatest of dra
matic readers and has given her in
terpretations of lireek plays to appre
ciative audiences throughout England
and America. She is noted for her
beautiful and expressive voice and
for her marvelous renditions of char
acter and motives of persons in the
play.
The Assembly Hall will be used be
cause Miss Spinney's previous visits to
the campus have proved the Little
Theatre to be too small for the audi
ences that have gathered for her read
ings. The general public is invited
to attend and there will be no admis
sion charge..
Miss Dorothea Spinney will give a
dramatic reading of Shakespeare's
"Hamlet," at the Assembly Hall, this
evening, at 7:45. She presented
Sophocles' "Antigone" on the campus
three weeks ago. Miss Spinney has
recently added "Hamlet" to her rep
ortoire of Greek plays, and is giving
it here for the first time. As in the
case of her other plays she presents
all the characters in turn but takes
the costume of the leading part,
Hamlet.
Miss Spinney, native of Stratford
on-Avon, England, is internationally
known as one of the greatest of dra
matic readers and has given her in
terpretations of lireek plays to appre
ciative audiences throughout England
and America. She is noted for her
beautiful and expressive voice and
for her marvelous renditions of char
acter and motives of persons in the
play.
The Assembly Hall will be used be
cause Miss Spinney's previous visits to
the campus have proved the Little
Theatre to be too small for the audi
ences that have gathered for her read
ings. The general public is invited
to attend and there will be no admis
sion charge..
Miss Dorothea Spinney will give a
dramatic reading of Shakespeare's
"Hamlet," at the Assembly Hall, this
evening, at 7:45. She presented
Sophocles' "Antigone" on the campus
three weeks ago. Miss Spinney has
recently added "Hamlet" to her rep
ortoire of Greek plays, and is giving
it here for the first time. As in the
case of her other plays she presents
all the characters in turn but takes
the costume of the leading part,
Hamlet.
Miss Spinney, native of Stratford
on-Avon, England, is internationally
known as one of the greatest of dra
matic readers and has given her in
terpretations of lireek plays to appre
ciative audiences throughout England
and America. She is noted for her
beautiful and expressive voice and
for her marvelous renditions of char
acter and motives of persons in the
play.
The Assembly Hall will be used be
cause Miss Spinney's previous visits to
the campus have proved the Little
Theatre to be too small for the audi
ences that have gathered for her read
ings. The general public is invited
to attend and there will be no admis
sion charge..
Miss Dorothea Spinney will give a
dramatic reading of Shakespeare's
"Hamlet," at the Assembly Hall, this
evening, at 7:45. She presented
Sophocles' "Antigone" on the campus
three weeks ago. Miss Spinney has
recently added "Hamlet" to her rep
ortoire of Greek plays, and is giving
it here for the first time. As in the
case of her other plays she presents
all the characters in turn but takes
the costume of the leading part,
Hamlet.
Miss Spinney, native of Stratford
on-Avon, England, is internationally
known as one of the greatest of dra
matic readers and has given her in
terpretations of lireek plays to appre
ciative audiences throughout England
and America. She is noted for her
beautiful and expressive voice and
for her marvelous renditions of char
acter and motives of persons in the
play.
The Assembly Hall will be used be
cause Miss Spinney's previous visits to
the campus have proved the Little
Theatre to be too small for the audi
ences that have gathered for her read
ings. The general public is invited
to attend and there will be no admis
sion charge..
Miss Dorothea Spinney will give a
dramatic reading of Shakespeare's
"Hamlet," at the Assembly Hall, this
evening, at 7:45. She presented
Sophocles' "Antigone" on the campus
three weeks ago. Miss Spinney has
recently added "Hamlet" to her rep
ortoire of Greek plays, and is giving
it here for the first time. As in the
case of her other plays she presents
all the characters in turn but takes
the costume of the leading part,
Hamlet.
Miss Spinney, native of Stratford
on-Avon, England, is internationally
known as one of the greatest of dra
matic readers and has given her in
terpretations of lireek plays to appre
ciative audiences throughout England
and America. She is noted for her
beautiful and expressive voice and
for her marvelous renditions of char
acter and motives of persons in the
play.
The Assembly Hall will be used be
cause Miss Spinney's previous visits to
the campus have proved the Little
Theatre to be too small for the audi
ences that have gathered for her read
ings. The general public is invited
to attend and there will be no admis
sion charge..
Miss Dorothea Spinney will give a
dramatic reading of Shakespeare's
"Hamlet," at the Assembly Hall, this
evening, at 7:45. She presented
Sophocles' "Antigone" on the campus
three weeks ago. Miss Spinney has
recently added "Hamlet" to her rep
ortoire of Greek plays, and is giving
it here for the first time. As in the
case of her other plays she presents
all the characters in turn but takes
the costume of the leading part,
Hamlet.
Miss Spinney, native of Stratford
on-Avon, England, is internationally
known as one of the greatest of dra
matic readers and has given her in
terpretations of lireek plays to appre
ciative audiences throughout England
and America. She is noted for her
beautiful and expressive voice and
for her marvelous renditions of char
acter and motives of persons in the
play.
The Assembly Hall will be used be
cause Miss Spinney's previous visits to
the campus have proved the Little
Theatre to be too small for the audi
ences that have gathered for her read
ings. The general public is invited
to attend and there will be no admis
sion charge..
