# Jiu-Jitsu Demonstration Will Be Given at 8 O'Clock
## 
### 
Demonstration of jiu-jitsu by D. H.
Hamilton of the Chicago police depart
ment will be given at 8 o'clock this
evening instead of at 4 this afternoon,
as was announced yesterday in the
Daily, according to Dr. W. H. Barrow,
head of the men's Physical Education
department.
Demonstration of jiu-jitsu by D. H.
Hamilton of the Chicago police depart
ment will be given at 8 o'clock this
evening instead of at 4 this afternoon,
as was announced yesterday in the
Daily, according to Dr. W. H. Barrow,
head of the men's Physical Education
department.
Demonstration of jiu-jitsu by D. H.
Hamilton of the Chicago police depart
ment will be given at 8 o'clock this
evening instead of at 4 this afternoon,
as was announced yesterday in the
Daily, according to Dr. W. H. Barrow,
head of the men's Physical Education
department.
Demonstration of jiu-jitsu by D. H.
Hamilton of the Chicago police depart
ment will be given at 8 o'clock this
evening instead of at 4 this afternoon,
as was announced yesterday in the
Daily, according to Dr. W. H. Barrow,
head of the men's Physical Education
department.
Demonstration of jiu-jitsu by D. H.
Hamilton of the Chicago police depart
ment will be given at 8 o'clock this
evening instead of at 4 this afternoon,
as was announced yesterday in the
Daily, according to Dr. W. H. Barrow,
head of the men's Physical Education
department.
Demonstration of jiu-jitsu by D. H.
Hamilton of the Chicago police depart
ment will be given at 8 o'clock this
evening instead of at 4 this afternoon,
as was announced yesterday in the
Daily, according to Dr. W. H. Barrow,
head of the men's Physical Education
department.
Demonstration of jiu-jitsu by D. H.
Hamilton of the Chicago police depart
ment will be given at 8 o'clock this
evening instead of at 4 this afternoon,
as was announced yesterday in the
Daily, according to Dr. W. H. Barrow,
head of the men's Physical Education
department.
Demonstration of jiu-jitsu by D. H.
Hamilton of the Chicago police depart
ment will be given at 8 o'clock this
evening instead of at 4 this afternoon,
as was announced yesterday in the
Daily, according to Dr. W. H. Barrow,
head of the men's Physical Education
department.
Demonstration of jiu-jitsu by D. H.
Hamilton of the Chicago police depart
ment will be given at 8 o'clock this
evening instead of at 4 this afternoon,
as was announced yesterday in the
Daily, according to Dr. W. H. Barrow,
head of the men's Physical Education
department.
Demonstration of jiu-jitsu by D. H.
Hamilton of the Chicago police depart
ment will be given at 8 o'clock this
evening instead of at 4 this afternoon,
as was announced yesterday in the
Daily, according to Dr. W. H. Barrow,
head of the men's Physical Education
department.
Demonstration of jiu-jitsu by D. H.
Hamilton of the Chicago police depart
ment will be given at 8 o'clock this
evening instead of at 4 this afternoon,
as was announced yesterday in the
Daily, according to Dr. W. H. Barrow,
head of the men's Physical Education
department.
Demonstration of jiu-jitsu by D. H.
Hamilton of the Chicago police depart
ment will be given at 8 o'clock this
evening instead of at 4 this afternoon,
as was announced yesterday in the
Daily, according to Dr. W. H. Barrow,
head of the men's Physical Education
department.
Demonstration of jiu-jitsu by D. H.
Hamilton of the Chicago police depart
ment will be given at 8 o'clock this
evening instead of at 4 this afternoon,
as was announced yesterday in the
Daily, according to Dr. W. H. Barrow,
head of the men's Physical Education
department.
Demonstration of jiu-jitsu by D. H.
Hamilton of the Chicago police depart
ment will be given at 8 o'clock this
evening instead of at 4 this afternoon,
as was announced yesterday in the
Daily, according to Dr. W. H. Barrow,
head of the men's Physical Education
department.
Demonstration of jiu-jitsu by D. H.
Hamilton of the Chicago police depart
ment will be given at 8 o'clock this
evening instead of at 4 this afternoon,
as was announced yesterday in the
Daily, according to Dr. W. H. Barrow,
head of the men's Physical Education
department.
Demonstration of jiu-jitsu by D. H.
Hamilton of the Chicago police depart
ment will be given at 8 o'clock this
evening instead of at 4 this afternoon,
as was announced yesterday in the
Daily, according to Dr. W. H. Barrow,
head of the men's Physical Education
department.
