# REDS ROUTED
## 
### 
HANKOW, China, Jan. 13 (/l I ). —
Nationalist military headquarters
here announced today its forces had
routed 10,000 reds in northwestern
Hunan province, killing 1,000 of
them.
HANKOW, China, Jan. 13 (/l I ). —
Nationalist military headquarters
here announced today its forces had
routed 10,000 reds in northwestern
Hunan province, killing 1,000 of
them.
HANKOW, China, Jan. 13 (/l I ). —
Nationalist military headquarters
here announced today its forces had
routed 10,000 reds in northwestern
Hunan province, killing 1,000 of
them.
HANKOW, China, Jan. 13 (/l I ). —
Nationalist military headquarters
here announced today its forces had
routed 10,000 reds in northwestern
Hunan province, killing 1,000 of
them.
HANKOW, China, Jan. 13 (/l I ). —
Nationalist military headquarters
here announced today its forces had
routed 10,000 reds in northwestern
Hunan province, killing 1,000 of
them.
HANKOW, China, Jan. 13 (/l I ). —
Nationalist military headquarters
here announced today its forces had
routed 10,000 reds in northwestern
Hunan province, killing 1,000 of
them.
HANKOW, China, Jan. 13 (/l I ). —
Nationalist military headquarters
here announced today its forces had
routed 10,000 reds in northwestern
Hunan province, killing 1,000 of
them.
HANKOW, China, Jan. 13 (/l I ). —
Nationalist military headquarters
here announced today its forces had
routed 10,000 reds in northwestern
Hunan province, killing 1,000 of
them.
HANKOW, China, Jan. 13 (/l I ). —
Nationalist military headquarters
here announced today its forces had
routed 10,000 reds in northwestern
Hunan province, killing 1,000 of
them.
HANKOW, China, Jan. 13 (/l I ). —
Nationalist military headquarters
here announced today its forces had
routed 10,000 reds in northwestern
Hunan province, killing 1,000 of
them.
HANKOW, China, Jan. 13 (/l I ). —
Nationalist military headquarters
here announced today its forces had
routed 10,000 reds in northwestern
Hunan province, killing 1,000 of
them.
HANKOW, China, Jan. 13 (/l I ). —
Nationalist military headquarters
here announced today its forces had
routed 10,000 reds in northwestern
Hunan province, killing 1,000 of
them.
HANKOW, China, Jan. 13 (/l I ). —
Nationalist military headquarters
here announced today its forces had
routed 10,000 reds in northwestern
Hunan province, killing 1,000 of
them.
HANKOW, China, Jan. 13 (/l I ). —
Nationalist military headquarters
here announced today its forces had
routed 10,000 reds in northwestern
Hunan province, killing 1,000 of
them.
HANKOW, China, Jan. 13 (/l I ). —
Nationalist military headquarters
here announced today its forces had
routed 10,000 reds in northwestern
Hunan province, killing 1,000 of
them.
