# BAWLOUT PROOFS
## 
### 
Corrections in the proofs of the
winter quarter bawlout, to be posted
in front of the Administration
Building this morning, should be
reported to the registrar's office at
once.
Corrections in the proofs of the
winter quarter bawlout, to be posted
in front of the Administration
Building this morning, should be
reported to the registrar's office at
once.
Corrections in the proofs of the
winter quarter bawlout, to be posted
in front of the Administration
Building this morning, should be
reported to the registrar's office at
once.
Corrections in the proofs of the
winter quarter bawlout, to be posted
in front of the Administration
Building this morning, should be
reported to the registrar's office at
once.
Corrections in the proofs of the
winter quarter bawlout, to be posted
in front of the Administration
Building this morning, should be
reported to the registrar's office at
once.
Corrections in the proofs of the
winter quarter bawlout, to be posted
in front of the Administration
Building this morning, should be
reported to the registrar's office at
once.
Corrections in the proofs of the
winter quarter bawlout, to be posted
in front of the Administration
Building this morning, should be
reported to the registrar's office at
once.
Corrections in the proofs of the
winter quarter bawlout, to be posted
in front of the Administration
Building this morning, should be
reported to the registrar's office at
once.
Corrections in the proofs of the
winter quarter bawlout, to be posted
in front of the Administration
Building this morning, should be
reported to the registrar's office at
once.
Corrections in the proofs of the
winter quarter bawlout, to be posted
in front of the Administration
Building this morning, should be
reported to the registrar's office at
once.
Corrections in the proofs of the
winter quarter bawlout, to be posted
in front of the Administration
Building this morning, should be
reported to the registrar's office at
once.
Corrections in the proofs of the
winter quarter bawlout, to be posted
in front of the Administration
Building this morning, should be
reported to the registrar's office at
once.
Corrections in the proofs of the
winter quarter bawlout, to be posted
in front of the Administration
Building this morning, should be
reported to the registrar's office at
once.
Corrections in the proofs of the
winter quarter bawlout, to be posted
in front of the Administration
Building this morning, should be
reported to the registrar's office at
once.
Corrections in the proofs of the
winter quarter bawlout, to be posted
in front of the Administration
Building this morning, should be
reported to the registrar's office at
once.
