# Untitled Article
## 
### 
British Columbia has a salmon
surplus as a result of the largest
run in years.
British Columbia has a salmon
surplus as a result of the largest
run in years.
British Columbia has a salmon
surplus as a result of the largest
run in years.
British Columbia has a salmon
surplus as a result of the largest
run in years.
British Columbia has a salmon
surplus as a result of the largest
run in years.
British Columbia has a salmon
surplus as a result of the largest
run in years.
British Columbia has a salmon
surplus as a result of the largest
run in years.
British Columbia has a salmon
surplus as a result of the largest
run in years.
British Columbia has a salmon
surplus as a result of the largest
run in years.
British Columbia has a salmon
surplus as a result of the largest
run in years.
British Columbia has a salmon
surplus as a result of the largest
run in years.
British Columbia has a salmon
surplus as a result of the largest
run in years.
British Columbia has a salmon
surplus as a result of the largest
run in years.
British Columbia has a salmon
surplus as a result of the largest
run in years.
British Columbia has a salmon
surplus as a result of the largest
run in years.
