# NEW LEVIATHAN CAPTAIN
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Jan. 13. (/Pi —A new
commandor, Captain A. B. Randall,
st«.od on the bridge when the liner
I evithan sailed today for Southamp
ton.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13. (/Pi —A new
commandor, Captain A. B. Randall,
st«.od on the bridge when the liner
I evithan sailed today for Southamp
ton.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13. (/Pi —A new
commandor, Captain A. B. Randall,
st«.od on the bridge when the liner
I evithan sailed today for Southamp
ton.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13. (/Pi —A new
commandor, Captain A. B. Randall,
st«.od on the bridge when the liner
I evithan sailed today for Southamp
ton.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13. (/Pi —A new
commandor, Captain A. B. Randall,
st«.od on the bridge when the liner
I evithan sailed today for Southamp
ton.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13. (/Pi —A new
commandor, Captain A. B. Randall,
st«.od on the bridge when the liner
I evithan sailed today for Southamp
ton.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13. (/Pi —A new
commandor, Captain A. B. Randall,
st«.od on the bridge when the liner
I evithan sailed today for Southamp
ton.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13. (/Pi —A new
commandor, Captain A. B. Randall,
st«.od on the bridge when the liner
I evithan sailed today for Southamp
ton.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13. (/Pi —A new
commandor, Captain A. B. Randall,
st«.od on the bridge when the liner
I evithan sailed today for Southamp
ton.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13. (/Pi —A new
commandor, Captain A. B. Randall,
st«.od on the bridge when the liner
I evithan sailed today for Southamp
ton.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13. (/Pi —A new
commandor, Captain A. B. Randall,
st«.od on the bridge when the liner
I evithan sailed today for Southamp
ton.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13. (/Pi —A new
commandor, Captain A. B. Randall,
st«.od on the bridge when the liner
I evithan sailed today for Southamp
ton.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13. (/Pi —A new
commandor, Captain A. B. Randall,
st«.od on the bridge when the liner
I evithan sailed today for Southamp
ton.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13. (/Pi —A new
commandor, Captain A. B. Randall,
st«.od on the bridge when the liner
I evithan sailed today for Southamp
ton.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13. (/Pi —A new
commandor, Captain A. B. Randall,
st«.od on the bridge when the liner
I evithan sailed today for Southamp
ton.
