# JOURNALISTIC CLUB MEETING TO BE HELD
## 
### 
, There will be a meeting of Sigma
Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity, at 7 o'clock
tonight in room 9 of the Press build
ing, All members are requested to
attend.
Plans for initiation will be an
nounced.
, There will be a meeting of Sigma
Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity, at 7 o'clock
tonight in room 9 of the Press build
ing, All members are requested to
attend.
Plans for initiation will be an
nounced.
, There will be a meeting of Sigma
Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity, at 7 o'clock
tonight in room 9 of the Press build
ing, All members are requested to
attend.
Plans for initiation will be an
nounced.
, There will be a meeting of Sigma
Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity, at 7 o'clock
tonight in room 9 of the Press build
ing, All members are requested to
attend.
Plans for initiation will be an
nounced.
, There will be a meeting of Sigma
Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity, at 7 o'clock
tonight in room 9 of the Press build
ing, All members are requested to
attend.
Plans for initiation will be an
nounced.
, There will be a meeting of Sigma
Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity, at 7 o'clock
tonight in room 9 of the Press build
ing, All members are requested to
attend.
Plans for initiation will be an
nounced.
, There will be a meeting of Sigma
Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity, at 7 o'clock
tonight in room 9 of the Press build
ing, All members are requested to
attend.
Plans for initiation will be an
nounced.
, There will be a meeting of Sigma
Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity, at 7 o'clock
tonight in room 9 of the Press build
ing, All members are requested to
attend.
Plans for initiation will be an
nounced.
, There will be a meeting of Sigma
Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity, at 7 o'clock
tonight in room 9 of the Press build
ing, All members are requested to
attend.
Plans for initiation will be an
nounced.
, There will be a meeting of Sigma
Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity, at 7 o'clock
tonight in room 9 of the Press build
ing, All members are requested to
attend.
Plans for initiation will be an
nounced.
, There will be a meeting of Sigma
Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity, at 7 o'clock
tonight in room 9 of the Press build
ing, All members are requested to
attend.
Plans for initiation will be an
nounced.
, There will be a meeting of Sigma
Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity, at 7 o'clock
tonight in room 9 of the Press build
ing, All members are requested to
attend.
Plans for initiation will be an
nounced.
, There will be a meeting of Sigma
Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity, at 7 o'clock
tonight in room 9 of the Press build
ing, All members are requested to
attend.
Plans for initiation will be an
nounced.
, There will be a meeting of Sigma
Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity, at 7 o'clock
tonight in room 9 of the Press build
ing, All members are requested to
attend.
Plans for initiation will be an
nounced.
, There will be a meeting of Sigma
Delta Chi, national professional
journalistic fraternity, at 7 o'clock
tonight in room 9 of the Press build
ing, All members are requested to
attend.
Plans for initiation will be an
nounced.
