# AIR TRANSPORT RECORD
## 
### 
HAMILTON FIELD, Nov. 19 (UP)
—More than 73,000 passengers have
been carried from Pacific areas
aboard planes of the West Coast
Wing of the Army Air Transport
Command since 1942, it was dis- j
closed today.
HAMILTON FIELD, Nov. 19 (UP)
—More than 73,000 passengers have
been carried from Pacific areas
aboard planes of the West Coast
Wing of the Army Air Transport
Command since 1942, it was dis- j
closed today.
HAMILTON FIELD, Nov. 19 (UP)
—More than 73,000 passengers have
been carried from Pacific areas
aboard planes of the West Coast
Wing of the Army Air Transport
Command since 1942, it was dis- j
closed today.
HAMILTON FIELD, Nov. 19 (UP)
—More than 73,000 passengers have
been carried from Pacific areas
aboard planes of the West Coast
Wing of the Army Air Transport
Command since 1942, it was dis- j
closed today.
HAMILTON FIELD, Nov. 19 (UP)
—More than 73,000 passengers have
been carried from Pacific areas
aboard planes of the West Coast
Wing of the Army Air Transport
Command since 1942, it was dis- j
closed today.
HAMILTON FIELD, Nov. 19 (UP)
—More than 73,000 passengers have
been carried from Pacific areas
aboard planes of the West Coast
Wing of the Army Air Transport
Command since 1942, it was dis- j
closed today.
HAMILTON FIELD, Nov. 19 (UP)
—More than 73,000 passengers have
been carried from Pacific areas
aboard planes of the West Coast
Wing of the Army Air Transport
Command since 1942, it was dis- j
closed today.
HAMILTON FIELD, Nov. 19 (UP)
—More than 73,000 passengers have
been carried from Pacific areas
aboard planes of the West Coast
Wing of the Army Air Transport
Command since 1942, it was dis- j
closed today.
HAMILTON FIELD, Nov. 19 (UP)
—More than 73,000 passengers have
been carried from Pacific areas
aboard planes of the West Coast
Wing of the Army Air Transport
Command since 1942, it was dis- j
closed today.
HAMILTON FIELD, Nov. 19 (UP)
—More than 73,000 passengers have
been carried from Pacific areas
aboard planes of the West Coast
Wing of the Army Air Transport
Command since 1942, it was dis- j
closed today.
HAMILTON FIELD, Nov. 19 (UP)
—More than 73,000 passengers have
been carried from Pacific areas
aboard planes of the West Coast
Wing of the Army Air Transport
Command since 1942, it was dis- j
closed today.
HAMILTON FIELD, Nov. 19 (UP)
—More than 73,000 passengers have
been carried from Pacific areas
aboard planes of the West Coast
Wing of the Army Air Transport
Command since 1942, it was dis- j
closed today.
HAMILTON FIELD, Nov. 19 (UP)
—More than 73,000 passengers have
been carried from Pacific areas
aboard planes of the West Coast
Wing of the Army Air Transport
Command since 1942, it was dis- j
closed today.
HAMILTON FIELD, Nov. 19 (UP)
—More than 73,000 passengers have
been carried from Pacific areas
aboard planes of the West Coast
Wing of the Army Air Transport
Command since 1942, it was dis- j
closed today.
HAMILTON FIELD, Nov. 19 (UP)
—More than 73,000 passengers have
been carried from Pacific areas
aboard planes of the West Coast
Wing of the Army Air Transport
Command since 1942, it was dis- j
closed today.
