# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Princeton undergraduates are now
wearing beer suits adorned with a
coat of arms that consists of the Har
vard seal with a gavel superimposed.
Princeton undergraduates are now
wearing beer suits adorned with a
coat of arms that consists of the Har
vard seal with a gavel superimposed.
Princeton undergraduates are now
wearing beer suits adorned with a
coat of arms that consists of the Har
vard seal with a gavel superimposed.
Princeton undergraduates are now
wearing beer suits adorned with a
coat of arms that consists of the Har
vard seal with a gavel superimposed.
Princeton undergraduates are now
wearing beer suits adorned with a
coat of arms that consists of the Har
vard seal with a gavel superimposed.
Princeton undergraduates are now
wearing beer suits adorned with a
coat of arms that consists of the Har
vard seal with a gavel superimposed.
Princeton undergraduates are now
wearing beer suits adorned with a
coat of arms that consists of the Har
vard seal with a gavel superimposed.
Princeton undergraduates are now
wearing beer suits adorned with a
coat of arms that consists of the Har
vard seal with a gavel superimposed.
Princeton undergraduates are now
wearing beer suits adorned with a
coat of arms that consists of the Har
vard seal with a gavel superimposed.
Princeton undergraduates are now
wearing beer suits adorned with a
coat of arms that consists of the Har
vard seal with a gavel superimposed.
Princeton undergraduates are now
wearing beer suits adorned with a
coat of arms that consists of the Har
vard seal with a gavel superimposed.
Princeton undergraduates are now
wearing beer suits adorned with a
coat of arms that consists of the Har
vard seal with a gavel superimposed.
Princeton undergraduates are now
wearing beer suits adorned with a
coat of arms that consists of the Har
vard seal with a gavel superimposed.
Princeton undergraduates are now
wearing beer suits adorned with a
coat of arms that consists of the Har
vard seal with a gavel superimposed.
Princeton undergraduates are now
wearing beer suits adorned with a
coat of arms that consists of the Har
vard seal with a gavel superimposed.
