# PROM PROGRAMS
## 
### 
Those who did not obtain pro
grams for the Junior Prom yes
terday may get them today at the
Old Union on presentation of
their bids. Bids must be pre
sented at the door for admittance
tonight.
Those who did not obtain pro
grams for the Junior Prom yes
terday may get them today at the
Old Union on presentation of
their bids. Bids must be pre
sented at the door for admittance
tonight.
Those who did not obtain pro
grams for the Junior Prom yes
terday may get them today at the
Old Union on presentation of
their bids. Bids must be pre
sented at the door for admittance
tonight.
Those who did not obtain pro
grams for the Junior Prom yes
terday may get them today at the
Old Union on presentation of
their bids. Bids must be pre
sented at the door for admittance
tonight.
Those who did not obtain pro
grams for the Junior Prom yes
terday may get them today at the
Old Union on presentation of
their bids. Bids must be pre
sented at the door for admittance
tonight.
Those who did not obtain pro
grams for the Junior Prom yes
terday may get them today at the
Old Union on presentation of
their bids. Bids must be pre
sented at the door for admittance
tonight.
Those who did not obtain pro
grams for the Junior Prom yes
terday may get them today at the
Old Union on presentation of
their bids. Bids must be pre
sented at the door for admittance
tonight.
Those who did not obtain pro
grams for the Junior Prom yes
terday may get them today at the
Old Union on presentation of
their bids. Bids must be pre
sented at the door for admittance
tonight.
Those who did not obtain pro
grams for the Junior Prom yes
terday may get them today at the
Old Union on presentation of
their bids. Bids must be pre
sented at the door for admittance
tonight.
Those who did not obtain pro
grams for the Junior Prom yes
terday may get them today at the
Old Union on presentation of
their bids. Bids must be pre
sented at the door for admittance
tonight.
Those who did not obtain pro
grams for the Junior Prom yes
terday may get them today at the
Old Union on presentation of
their bids. Bids must be pre
sented at the door for admittance
tonight.
Those who did not obtain pro
grams for the Junior Prom yes
terday may get them today at the
Old Union on presentation of
their bids. Bids must be pre
sented at the door for admittance
tonight.
Those who did not obtain pro
grams for the Junior Prom yes
terday may get them today at the
Old Union on presentation of
their bids. Bids must be pre
sented at the door for admittance
tonight.
Those who did not obtain pro
grams for the Junior Prom yes
terday may get them today at the
Old Union on presentation of
their bids. Bids must be pre
sented at the door for admittance
tonight.
Those who did not obtain pro
grams for the Junior Prom yes
terday may get them today at the
Old Union on presentation of
their bids. Bids must be pre
sented at the door for admittance
tonight.
