# Spirit of Minnesota Will Be Embodied in Sculpture
## 
### 
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. (1.P.). — A
scries of sculptured works which will
embody the spirit of the University of
Minnesota is being planned by S. Chat
wood Burton, assistant professor of ar
chitecture at the university. The first
work to lx- completed by Burton will be
a bust of President-Emeritus William
Watts Folwell. The series will include
busts of prominent athletes, taculty mem
bers, and representative students.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. (1.P.). — A
scries of sculptured works which will
embody the spirit of the University of
Minnesota is being planned by S. Chat
wood Burton, assistant professor of ar
chitecture at the university. The first
work to lx- completed by Burton will be
a bust of President-Emeritus William
Watts Folwell. The series will include
busts of prominent athletes, taculty mem
bers, and representative students.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. (1.P.). — A
scries of sculptured works which will
embody the spirit of the University of
Minnesota is being planned by S. Chat
wood Burton, assistant professor of ar
chitecture at the university. The first
work to lx- completed by Burton will be
a bust of President-Emeritus William
Watts Folwell. The series will include
busts of prominent athletes, taculty mem
bers, and representative students.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. (1.P.). — A
scries of sculptured works which will
embody the spirit of the University of
Minnesota is being planned by S. Chat
wood Burton, assistant professor of ar
chitecture at the university. The first
work to lx- completed by Burton will be
a bust of President-Emeritus William
Watts Folwell. The series will include
busts of prominent athletes, taculty mem
bers, and representative students.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. (1.P.). — A
scries of sculptured works which will
embody the spirit of the University of
Minnesota is being planned by S. Chat
wood Burton, assistant professor of ar
chitecture at the university. The first
work to lx- completed by Burton will be
a bust of President-Emeritus William
Watts Folwell. The series will include
busts of prominent athletes, taculty mem
bers, and representative students.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. (1.P.). — A
scries of sculptured works which will
embody the spirit of the University of
Minnesota is being planned by S. Chat
wood Burton, assistant professor of ar
chitecture at the university. The first
work to lx- completed by Burton will be
a bust of President-Emeritus William
Watts Folwell. The series will include
busts of prominent athletes, taculty mem
bers, and representative students.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. (1.P.). — A
scries of sculptured works which will
embody the spirit of the University of
Minnesota is being planned by S. Chat
wood Burton, assistant professor of ar
chitecture at the university. The first
work to lx- completed by Burton will be
a bust of President-Emeritus William
Watts Folwell. The series will include
busts of prominent athletes, taculty mem
bers, and representative students.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. (1.P.). — A
scries of sculptured works which will
embody the spirit of the University of
Minnesota is being planned by S. Chat
wood Burton, assistant professor of ar
chitecture at the university. The first
work to lx- completed by Burton will be
a bust of President-Emeritus William
Watts Folwell. The series will include
busts of prominent athletes, taculty mem
bers, and representative students.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. (1.P.). — A
scries of sculptured works which will
embody the spirit of the University of
Minnesota is being planned by S. Chat
wood Burton, assistant professor of ar
chitecture at the university. The first
work to lx- completed by Burton will be
a bust of President-Emeritus William
Watts Folwell. The series will include
busts of prominent athletes, taculty mem
bers, and representative students.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. (1.P.). — A
scries of sculptured works which will
embody the spirit of the University of
Minnesota is being planned by S. Chat
wood Burton, assistant professor of ar
chitecture at the university. The first
work to lx- completed by Burton will be
a bust of President-Emeritus William
Watts Folwell. The series will include
busts of prominent athletes, taculty mem
bers, and representative students.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. (1.P.). — A
scries of sculptured works which will
embody the spirit of the University of
Minnesota is being planned by S. Chat
wood Burton, assistant professor of ar
chitecture at the university. The first
work to lx- completed by Burton will be
a bust of President-Emeritus William
Watts Folwell. The series will include
busts of prominent athletes, taculty mem
bers, and representative students.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. (1.P.). — A
scries of sculptured works which will
embody the spirit of the University of
Minnesota is being planned by S. Chat
wood Burton, assistant professor of ar
chitecture at the university. The first
work to lx- completed by Burton will be
a bust of President-Emeritus William
Watts Folwell. The series will include
busts of prominent athletes, taculty mem
bers, and representative students.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. (1.P.). — A
scries of sculptured works which will
embody the spirit of the University of
Minnesota is being planned by S. Chat
wood Burton, assistant professor of ar
chitecture at the university. The first
work to lx- completed by Burton will be
a bust of President-Emeritus William
Watts Folwell. The series will include
busts of prominent athletes, taculty mem
bers, and representative students.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. (1.P.). — A
scries of sculptured works which will
embody the spirit of the University of
Minnesota is being planned by S. Chat
wood Burton, assistant professor of ar
chitecture at the university. The first
work to lx- completed by Burton will be
a bust of President-Emeritus William
Watts Folwell. The series will include
busts of prominent athletes, taculty mem
bers, and representative students.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn. (1.P.). — A
scries of sculptured works which will
embody the spirit of the University of
Minnesota is being planned by S. Chat
wood Burton, assistant professor of ar
chitecture at the university. The first
work to lx- completed by Burton will be
a bust of President-Emeritus William
Watts Folwell. The series will include
busts of prominent athletes, taculty mem
bers, and representative students.
