# Dr. Jordan Will Address Zoologists on Evolution
## 
### 
Dr. David Starr Jordan will talk on the
subject of "Evolution" at a meeting of
the Zoology Club which will be held at
his home Tuesday evening, May 10, at
7:30 o'clock.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will talk on the
subject of "Evolution" at a meeting of
the Zoology Club which will be held at
his home Tuesday evening, May 10, at
7:30 o'clock.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will talk on the
subject of "Evolution" at a meeting of
the Zoology Club which will be held at
his home Tuesday evening, May 10, at
7:30 o'clock.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will talk on the
subject of "Evolution" at a meeting of
the Zoology Club which will be held at
his home Tuesday evening, May 10, at
7:30 o'clock.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will talk on the
subject of "Evolution" at a meeting of
the Zoology Club which will be held at
his home Tuesday evening, May 10, at
7:30 o'clock.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will talk on the
subject of "Evolution" at a meeting of
the Zoology Club which will be held at
his home Tuesday evening, May 10, at
7:30 o'clock.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will talk on the
subject of "Evolution" at a meeting of
the Zoology Club which will be held at
his home Tuesday evening, May 10, at
7:30 o'clock.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will talk on the
subject of "Evolution" at a meeting of
the Zoology Club which will be held at
his home Tuesday evening, May 10, at
7:30 o'clock.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will talk on the
subject of "Evolution" at a meeting of
the Zoology Club which will be held at
his home Tuesday evening, May 10, at
7:30 o'clock.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will talk on the
subject of "Evolution" at a meeting of
the Zoology Club which will be held at
his home Tuesday evening, May 10, at
7:30 o'clock.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will talk on the
subject of "Evolution" at a meeting of
the Zoology Club which will be held at
his home Tuesday evening, May 10, at
7:30 o'clock.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will talk on the
subject of "Evolution" at a meeting of
the Zoology Club which will be held at
his home Tuesday evening, May 10, at
7:30 o'clock.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will talk on the
subject of "Evolution" at a meeting of
the Zoology Club which will be held at
his home Tuesday evening, May 10, at
7:30 o'clock.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will talk on the
subject of "Evolution" at a meeting of
the Zoology Club which will be held at
his home Tuesday evening, May 10, at
7:30 o'clock.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will talk on the
subject of "Evolution" at a meeting of
the Zoology Club which will be held at
his home Tuesday evening, May 10, at
7:30 o'clock.
