# Untitled Article
## 
### 


Courtesy of Zackariah
Cole Photography
Isaac Madan '15
and Charlie Yang '15
co-founded Chalky, a
start-up that creates
mentorships between
college students and
college applicants.
The site now reaches
several colleges,
including Harvard,
Yale, Princeton and
others.


Courtesy of Zackariah
Cole Photography
Isaac Madan '15
and Charlie Yang '15
co-founded Chalky, a
start-up that creates
mentorships between
college students and
college applicants.
The site now reaches
several colleges,
including Harvard,
Yale, Princeton and
others.


Courtesy of Zackariah
Cole Photography
Isaac Madan '15
and Charlie Yang '15
co-founded Chalky, a
start-up that creates
mentorships between
college students and
college applicants.
The site now reaches
several colleges,
including Harvard,
Yale, Princeton and
others.


Courtesy of Zackariah
Cole Photography
Isaac Madan '15
and Charlie Yang '15
co-founded Chalky, a
start-up that creates
mentorships between
college students and
college applicants.
The site now reaches
several colleges,
including Harvard,
Yale, Princeton and
others.


Courtesy of Zackariah
Cole Photography
Isaac Madan '15
and Charlie Yang '15
co-founded Chalky, a
start-up that creates
mentorships between
college students and
college applicants.
The site now reaches
several colleges,
including Harvard,
Yale, Princeton and
others.


Courtesy of Zackariah
Cole Photography
Isaac Madan '15
and Charlie Yang '15
co-founded Chalky, a
start-up that creates
mentorships between
college students and
college applicants.
The site now reaches
several colleges,
including Harvard,
Yale, Princeton and
others.


Courtesy of Zackariah
Cole Photography
Isaac Madan '15
and Charlie Yang '15
co-founded Chalky, a
start-up that creates
mentorships between
college students and
college applicants.
The site now reaches
several colleges,
including Harvard,
Yale, Princeton and
others.


Courtesy of Zackariah
Cole Photography
Isaac Madan '15
and Charlie Yang '15
co-founded Chalky, a
start-up that creates
mentorships between
college students and
college applicants.
The site now reaches
several colleges,
including Harvard,
Yale, Princeton and
others.


Courtesy of Zackariah
Cole Photography
Isaac Madan '15
and Charlie Yang '15
co-founded Chalky, a
start-up that creates
mentorships between
college students and
college applicants.
The site now reaches
several colleges,
including Harvard,
Yale, Princeton and
others.
