# Dr. Jordan Lectures in San Jose
## 
### 
Dr. Jordan gave his lecture on the
"Unseen Empire" to an appreciative
audience in San Jose last Wednesday
evening.
Dr. Jordan gave his lecture on the
"Unseen Empire" to an appreciative
audience in San Jose last Wednesday
evening.
Dr. Jordan gave his lecture on the
"Unseen Empire" to an appreciative
audience in San Jose last Wednesday
evening.
Dr. Jordan gave his lecture on the
"Unseen Empire" to an appreciative
audience in San Jose last Wednesday
evening.
Dr. Jordan gave his lecture on the
"Unseen Empire" to an appreciative
audience in San Jose last Wednesday
evening.
Dr. Jordan gave his lecture on the
"Unseen Empire" to an appreciative
audience in San Jose last Wednesday
evening.
Dr. Jordan gave his lecture on the
"Unseen Empire" to an appreciative
audience in San Jose last Wednesday
evening.
Dr. Jordan gave his lecture on the
"Unseen Empire" to an appreciative
audience in San Jose last Wednesday
evening.
Dr. Jordan gave his lecture on the
"Unseen Empire" to an appreciative
audience in San Jose last Wednesday
evening.
Dr. Jordan gave his lecture on the
"Unseen Empire" to an appreciative
audience in San Jose last Wednesday
evening.
Dr. Jordan gave his lecture on the
"Unseen Empire" to an appreciative
audience in San Jose last Wednesday
evening.
Dr. Jordan gave his lecture on the
"Unseen Empire" to an appreciative
audience in San Jose last Wednesday
evening.
Dr. Jordan gave his lecture on the
"Unseen Empire" to an appreciative
audience in San Jose last Wednesday
evening.
