# HINKS TO DO IT AGAIN
## 
### 
Herble IJinks, an are for Stan
ford, announced today that he will
do il again May 2. "I will do ii
again l\l;iy 2," said Hinks.
Herble IJinks, an are for Stan
ford, announced today that he will
do il again May 2. "I will do ii
again l\l;iy 2," said Hinks.
Herble IJinks, an are for Stan
ford, announced today that he will
do il again May 2. "I will do ii
again l\l;iy 2," said Hinks.
Herble IJinks, an are for Stan
ford, announced today that he will
do il again May 2. "I will do ii
again l\l;iy 2," said Hinks.
Herble IJinks, an are for Stan
ford, announced today that he will
do il again May 2. "I will do ii
again l\l;iy 2," said Hinks.
Herble IJinks, an are for Stan
ford, announced today that he will
do il again May 2. "I will do ii
again l\l;iy 2," said Hinks.
Herble IJinks, an are for Stan
ford, announced today that he will
do il again May 2. "I will do ii
again l\l;iy 2," said Hinks.
Herble IJinks, an are for Stan
ford, announced today that he will
do il again May 2. "I will do ii
again l\l;iy 2," said Hinks.
Herble IJinks, an are for Stan
ford, announced today that he will
do il again May 2. "I will do ii
again l\l;iy 2," said Hinks.
Herble IJinks, an are for Stan
ford, announced today that he will
do il again May 2. "I will do ii
again l\l;iy 2," said Hinks.
Herble IJinks, an are for Stan
ford, announced today that he will
do il again May 2. "I will do ii
again l\l;iy 2," said Hinks.
Herble IJinks, an are for Stan
ford, announced today that he will
do il again May 2. "I will do ii
again l\l;iy 2," said Hinks.
Herble IJinks, an are for Stan
ford, announced today that he will
do il again May 2. "I will do ii
again l\l;iy 2," said Hinks.
Herble IJinks, an are for Stan
ford, announced today that he will
do il again May 2. "I will do ii
again l\l;iy 2," said Hinks.
Herble IJinks, an are for Stan
ford, announced today that he will
do il again May 2. "I will do ii
again l\l;iy 2," said Hinks.
