# Nom Com set to fill openings
## 
### Geoff Goldman Staff writer 
Most of the vacant student po
sitions on University and ASSU
committees will be filled by the
end of this week, said Cecil Talbot,
chair of the ASSU nominations
commission.
As of last week, 66 positions on
these committees remained un
filled, preventing many commit
tees from meeting and performing
their respective tasks. The ASSU
program board, publications
board and senate associates were
particularly affected.
Applications for the 66 unfilled
positions were due last Friday,
and Talbot called the number of
responses "high." However, Tal
bot was unable to give an exact
count because the nominations
commission had not finished re
viewing all of the applications
yesterday.
According to Talbot, the
nominations commission had al
ready interviewed 30 to 40 people
yesterday and hoped to have all
of the remaining applicants inter
viewed by today.
By Wednesday, the nominations
commission will meet to decide
which applicants will be recom
mended for positions. These rec
ommendations will then go before
the ASSU Senate for approval.
