# CARDS EDGE CUBS
## 
### 
ST. LOUIS, April 21 (UP). — [
Cardinal Manager Ray Blades used
ive pitchers to beat the Cubs 5-4
oday.

Buttons covered with cloth were
prohibited in England in 1721.
ST. LOUIS, April 21 (UP). — [
Cardinal Manager Ray Blades used
ive pitchers to beat the Cubs 5-4
oday.

Buttons covered with cloth were
prohibited in England in 1721.
ST. LOUIS, April 21 (UP). — [
Cardinal Manager Ray Blades used
ive pitchers to beat the Cubs 5-4
oday.

Buttons covered with cloth were
prohibited in England in 1721.
ST. LOUIS, April 21 (UP). — [
Cardinal Manager Ray Blades used
ive pitchers to beat the Cubs 5-4
oday.

Buttons covered with cloth were
prohibited in England in 1721.
ST. LOUIS, April 21 (UP). — [
Cardinal Manager Ray Blades used
ive pitchers to beat the Cubs 5-4
oday.

Buttons covered with cloth were
prohibited in England in 1721.
ST. LOUIS, April 21 (UP). — [
Cardinal Manager Ray Blades used
ive pitchers to beat the Cubs 5-4
oday.

Buttons covered with cloth were
prohibited in England in 1721.
ST. LOUIS, April 21 (UP). — [
Cardinal Manager Ray Blades used
ive pitchers to beat the Cubs 5-4
oday.

Buttons covered with cloth were
prohibited in England in 1721.
ST. LOUIS, April 21 (UP). — [
Cardinal Manager Ray Blades used
ive pitchers to beat the Cubs 5-4
oday.

Buttons covered with cloth were
prohibited in England in 1721.
ST. LOUIS, April 21 (UP). — [
Cardinal Manager Ray Blades used
ive pitchers to beat the Cubs 5-4
oday.

Buttons covered with cloth were
prohibited in England in 1721.
ST. LOUIS, April 21 (UP). — [
Cardinal Manager Ray Blades used
ive pitchers to beat the Cubs 5-4
oday.

Buttons covered with cloth were
prohibited in England in 1721.
ST. LOUIS, April 21 (UP). — [
Cardinal Manager Ray Blades used
ive pitchers to beat the Cubs 5-4
oday.

Buttons covered with cloth were
prohibited in England in 1721.
ST. LOUIS, April 21 (UP). — [
Cardinal Manager Ray Blades used
ive pitchers to beat the Cubs 5-4
oday.

Buttons covered with cloth were
prohibited in England in 1721.
ST. LOUIS, April 21 (UP). — [
Cardinal Manager Ray Blades used
ive pitchers to beat the Cubs 5-4
oday.

Buttons covered with cloth were
prohibited in England in 1721.
ST. LOUIS, April 21 (UP). — [
Cardinal Manager Ray Blades used
ive pitchers to beat the Cubs 5-4
oday.

Buttons covered with cloth were
prohibited in England in 1721.
ST. LOUIS, April 21 (UP). — [
Cardinal Manager Ray Blades used
ive pitchers to beat the Cubs 5-4
oday.

Buttons covered with cloth were
prohibited in England in 1721.
ST. LOUIS, April 21 (UP). — [
Cardinal Manager Ray Blades used
ive pitchers to beat the Cubs 5-4
oday.

Buttons covered with cloth were
prohibited in England in 1721.
ST. LOUIS, April 21 (UP). — [
Cardinal Manager Ray Blades used
ive pitchers to beat the Cubs 5-4
oday.

Buttons covered with cloth were
prohibited in England in 1721.
