# Stanford Players Announce Tryouts
## 
### 
Tryouts for "He Who Gets
Slapped," the production of the
Stanford Players scheduled for
Jan. 30, 31 and Feb. I, will be
held in Room 205 tonight at 7:30.
An additional tryout will be
held today from 3 to 5 p.m. on
the main stage of Memorial Au
ditorium.
The play is a romantic story of
an aristocrat who leaves his
world to join the circus. He
meets a beautiful bareback rider
and falls in love with her.
All students, faculty and staff
members are eligible to try out
for the 22 available parts in the
play. Sixteen of these parts are
for - men, and six for women. Dr.
Robert Dierlam, director, would
like to hear from anyone who can
swing on a trapeze, juggle or do
acrobatic stunts.
Tryouts for "He Who Gets
Slapped," the production of the
Stanford Players scheduled for
Jan. 30, 31 and Feb. I, will be
held in Room 205 tonight at 7:30.
An additional tryout will be
held today from 3 to 5 p.m. on
the main stage of Memorial Au
ditorium.
The play is a romantic story of
an aristocrat who leaves his
world to join the circus. He
meets a beautiful bareback rider
and falls in love with her.
All students, faculty and staff
members are eligible to try out
for the 22 available parts in the
play. Sixteen of these parts are
for - men, and six for women. Dr.
Robert Dierlam, director, would
like to hear from anyone who can
swing on a trapeze, juggle or do
acrobatic stunts.
Tryouts for "He Who Gets
Slapped," the production of the
Stanford Players scheduled for
Jan. 30, 31 and Feb. I, will be
held in Room 205 tonight at 7:30.
An additional tryout will be
held today from 3 to 5 p.m. on
the main stage of Memorial Au
ditorium.
The play is a romantic story of
an aristocrat who leaves his
world to join the circus. He
meets a beautiful bareback rider
and falls in love with her.
All students, faculty and staff
members are eligible to try out
for the 22 available parts in the
play. Sixteen of these parts are
for - men, and six for women. Dr.
Robert Dierlam, director, would
like to hear from anyone who can
swing on a trapeze, juggle or do
acrobatic stunts.
Tryouts for "He Who Gets
Slapped," the production of the
Stanford Players scheduled for
Jan. 30, 31 and Feb. I, will be
held in Room 205 tonight at 7:30.
An additional tryout will be
held today from 3 to 5 p.m. on
the main stage of Memorial Au
ditorium.
The play is a romantic story of
an aristocrat who leaves his
world to join the circus. He
meets a beautiful bareback rider
and falls in love with her.
All students, faculty and staff
members are eligible to try out
for the 22 available parts in the
play. Sixteen of these parts are
for - men, and six for women. Dr.
Robert Dierlam, director, would
like to hear from anyone who can
swing on a trapeze, juggle or do
acrobatic stunts.
Tryouts for "He Who Gets
Slapped," the production of the
Stanford Players scheduled for
Jan. 30, 31 and Feb. I, will be
held in Room 205 tonight at 7:30.
An additional tryout will be
held today from 3 to 5 p.m. on
the main stage of Memorial Au
ditorium.
The play is a romantic story of
an aristocrat who leaves his
world to join the circus. He
meets a beautiful bareback rider
and falls in love with her.
All students, faculty and staff
members are eligible to try out
for the 22 available parts in the
play. Sixteen of these parts are
for - men, and six for women. Dr.
Robert Dierlam, director, would
like to hear from anyone who can
swing on a trapeze, juggle or do
acrobatic stunts.
Tryouts for "He Who Gets
Slapped," the production of the
Stanford Players scheduled for
Jan. 30, 31 and Feb. I, will be
held in Room 205 tonight at 7:30.
An additional tryout will be
held today from 3 to 5 p.m. on
the main stage of Memorial Au
ditorium.
The play is a romantic story of
an aristocrat who leaves his
world to join the circus. He
meets a beautiful bareback rider
and falls in love with her.
All students, faculty and staff
members are eligible to try out
for the 22 available parts in the
play. Sixteen of these parts are
for - men, and six for women. Dr.
Robert Dierlam, director, would
like to hear from anyone who can
swing on a trapeze, juggle or do
acrobatic stunts.
Tryouts for "He Who Gets
Slapped," the production of the
Stanford Players scheduled for
Jan. 30, 31 and Feb. I, will be
held in Room 205 tonight at 7:30.
An additional tryout will be
held today from 3 to 5 p.m. on
the main stage of Memorial Au
ditorium.
The play is a romantic story of
an aristocrat who leaves his
world to join the circus. He
meets a beautiful bareback rider
and falls in love with her.
All students, faculty and staff
members are eligible to try out
for the 22 available parts in the
play. Sixteen of these parts are
for - men, and six for women. Dr.
Robert Dierlam, director, would
like to hear from anyone who can
swing on a trapeze, juggle or do
acrobatic stunts.
Tryouts for "He Who Gets
Slapped," the production of the
Stanford Players scheduled for
Jan. 30, 31 and Feb. I, will be
held in Room 205 tonight at 7:30.
An additional tryout will be
held today from 3 to 5 p.m. on
the main stage of Memorial Au
ditorium.
The play is a romantic story of
an aristocrat who leaves his
world to join the circus. He
meets a beautiful bareback rider
and falls in love with her.
All students, faculty and staff
members are eligible to try out
for the 22 available parts in the
play. Sixteen of these parts are
for - men, and six for women. Dr.
Robert Dierlam, director, would
like to hear from anyone who can
swing on a trapeze, juggle or do
acrobatic stunts.
Tryouts for "He Who Gets
Slapped," the production of the
Stanford Players scheduled for
Jan. 30, 31 and Feb. I, will be
held in Room 205 tonight at 7:30.
An additional tryout will be
held today from 3 to 5 p.m. on
the main stage of Memorial Au
ditorium.
The play is a romantic story of
an aristocrat who leaves his
world to join the circus. He
meets a beautiful bareback rider
and falls in love with her.
All students, faculty and staff
members are eligible to try out
for the 22 available parts in the
play. Sixteen of these parts are
for - men, and six for women. Dr.
Robert Dierlam, director, would
like to hear from anyone who can
swing on a trapeze, juggle or do
acrobatic stunts.
Tryouts for "He Who Gets
Slapped," the production of the
Stanford Players scheduled for
Jan. 30, 31 and Feb. I, will be
held in Room 205 tonight at 7:30.
An additional tryout will be
held today from 3 to 5 p.m. on
the main stage of Memorial Au
ditorium.
The play is a romantic story of
an aristocrat who leaves his
world to join the circus. He
meets a beautiful bareback rider
and falls in love with her.
All students, faculty and staff
members are eligible to try out
for the 22 available parts in the
play. Sixteen of these parts are
for - men, and six for women. Dr.
Robert Dierlam, director, would
like to hear from anyone who can
swing on a trapeze, juggle or do
acrobatic stunts.
Tryouts for "He Who Gets
Slapped," the production of the
Stanford Players scheduled for
Jan. 30, 31 and Feb. I, will be
held in Room 205 tonight at 7:30.
An additional tryout will be
held today from 3 to 5 p.m. on
the main stage of Memorial Au
ditorium.
The play is a romantic story of
an aristocrat who leaves his
world to join the circus. He
meets a beautiful bareback rider
and falls in love with her.
All students, faculty and staff
members are eligible to try out
for the 22 available parts in the
play. Sixteen of these parts are
for - men, and six for women. Dr.
Robert Dierlam, director, would
like to hear from anyone who can
swing on a trapeze, juggle or do
acrobatic stunts.
Tryouts for "He Who Gets
Slapped," the production of the
Stanford Players scheduled for
Jan. 30, 31 and Feb. I, will be
held in Room 205 tonight at 7:30.
An additional tryout will be
held today from 3 to 5 p.m. on
the main stage of Memorial Au
ditorium.
The play is a romantic story of
an aristocrat who leaves his
world to join the circus. He
meets a beautiful bareback rider
and falls in love with her.
All students, faculty and staff
members are eligible to try out
for the 22 available parts in the
play. Sixteen of these parts are
for - men, and six for women. Dr.
Robert Dierlam, director, would
like to hear from anyone who can
swing on a trapeze, juggle or do
acrobatic stunts.
Tryouts for "He Who Gets
Slapped," the production of the
Stanford Players scheduled for
Jan. 30, 31 and Feb. I, will be
held in Room 205 tonight at 7:30.
An additional tryout will be
held today from 3 to 5 p.m. on
the main stage of Memorial Au
ditorium.
The play is a romantic story of
an aristocrat who leaves his
world to join the circus. He
meets a beautiful bareback rider
and falls in love with her.
All students, faculty and staff
members are eligible to try out
for the 22 available parts in the
play. Sixteen of these parts are
for - men, and six for women. Dr.
Robert Dierlam, director, would
like to hear from anyone who can
swing on a trapeze, juggle or do
acrobatic stunts.
Tryouts for "He Who Gets
Slapped," the production of the
Stanford Players scheduled for
Jan. 30, 31 and Feb. I, will be
held in Room 205 tonight at 7:30.
An additional tryout will be
held today from 3 to 5 p.m. on
the main stage of Memorial Au
ditorium.
The play is a romantic story of
an aristocrat who leaves his
world to join the circus. He
meets a beautiful bareback rider
and falls in love with her.
All students, faculty and staff
members are eligible to try out
for the 22 available parts in the
play. Sixteen of these parts are
for - men, and six for women. Dr.
Robert Dierlam, director, would
like to hear from anyone who can
swing on a trapeze, juggle or do
acrobatic stunts.
Tryouts for "He Who Gets
Slapped," the production of the
Stanford Players scheduled for
Jan. 30, 31 and Feb. I, will be
held in Room 205 tonight at 7:30.
An additional tryout will be
held today from 3 to 5 p.m. on
the main stage of Memorial Au
ditorium.
The play is a romantic story of
an aristocrat who leaves his
world to join the circus. He
meets a beautiful bareback rider
and falls in love with her.
All students, faculty and staff
members are eligible to try out
for the 22 available parts in the
play. Sixteen of these parts are
for - men, and six for women. Dr.
Robert Dierlam, director, would
like to hear from anyone who can
swing on a trapeze, juggle or do
acrobatic stunts.
Tryouts for "He Who Gets
Slapped," the production of the
Stanford Players scheduled for
Jan. 30, 31 and Feb. I, will be
held in Room 205 tonight at 7:30.
An additional tryout will be
held today from 3 to 5 p.m. on
the main stage of Memorial Au
ditorium.
The play is a romantic story of
an aristocrat who leaves his
world to join the circus. He
meets a beautiful bareback rider
and falls in love with her.
All students, faculty and staff
members are eligible to try out
for the 22 available parts in the
play. Sixteen of these parts are
for - men, and six for women. Dr.
Robert Dierlam, director, would
like to hear from anyone who can
swing on a trapeze, juggle or do
acrobatic stunts.
