# Once Around the Quad
## 
### 
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
liaha'i Club: 12:30 p.m., Menlo
Park. Luncheon discussion on
Baha'i world faith. Everyone is
welcome; anyone who needs a
ride contact Nat Mazour, Moore
136, or John Miller, Stern 670.
Gaieties: Today and tomorrow
as announced. Sunday, 1-3 p.m.,
main stage, complete run
through.
Gaieties Crew: As announced.
"I" Club: 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House, coffee hour.
Memorial Church: Sunday, 9
a.m., Holy Communion; 11 a.m.,
Dr. John C. Bennett, dean of fac
ulty at Union Theological Semi
nary, New York, will preach on
"Many Convictions and the One
Foundation."
Wesley Foundation: Sunday,
7:30 p.m. Panel: Dr. Baez, Stan
ford physicist, and one other
speaker on "Nuclear Weapons
Testing."
Westminster Fellowship: Din
ner. 5:30 p.m., Women's Club
house.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
liaha'i Club: 12:30 p.m., Menlo
Park. Luncheon discussion on
Baha'i world faith. Everyone is
welcome; anyone who needs a
ride contact Nat Mazour, Moore
136, or John Miller, Stern 670.
Gaieties: Today and tomorrow
as announced. Sunday, 1-3 p.m.,
main stage, complete run
through.
Gaieties Crew: As announced.
"I" Club: 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House, coffee hour.
Memorial Church: Sunday, 9
a.m., Holy Communion; 11 a.m.,
Dr. John C. Bennett, dean of fac
ulty at Union Theological Semi
nary, New York, will preach on
"Many Convictions and the One
Foundation."
Wesley Foundation: Sunday,
7:30 p.m. Panel: Dr. Baez, Stan
ford physicist, and one other
speaker on "Nuclear Weapons
Testing."
Westminster Fellowship: Din
ner. 5:30 p.m., Women's Club
house.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
liaha'i Club: 12:30 p.m., Menlo
Park. Luncheon discussion on
Baha'i world faith. Everyone is
welcome; anyone who needs a
ride contact Nat Mazour, Moore
136, or John Miller, Stern 670.
Gaieties: Today and tomorrow
as announced. Sunday, 1-3 p.m.,
main stage, complete run
through.
Gaieties Crew: As announced.
"I" Club: 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House, coffee hour.
Memorial Church: Sunday, 9
a.m., Holy Communion; 11 a.m.,
Dr. John C. Bennett, dean of fac
ulty at Union Theological Semi
nary, New York, will preach on
"Many Convictions and the One
Foundation."
Wesley Foundation: Sunday,
7:30 p.m. Panel: Dr. Baez, Stan
ford physicist, and one other
speaker on "Nuclear Weapons
Testing."
Westminster Fellowship: Din
ner. 5:30 p.m., Women's Club
house.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
liaha'i Club: 12:30 p.m., Menlo
Park. Luncheon discussion on
Baha'i world faith. Everyone is
welcome; anyone who needs a
ride contact Nat Mazour, Moore
136, or John Miller, Stern 670.
Gaieties: Today and tomorrow
as announced. Sunday, 1-3 p.m.,
main stage, complete run
through.
Gaieties Crew: As announced.
"I" Club: 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House, coffee hour.
Memorial Church: Sunday, 9
a.m., Holy Communion; 11 a.m.,
Dr. John C. Bennett, dean of fac
ulty at Union Theological Semi
nary, New York, will preach on
"Many Convictions and the One
Foundation."
Wesley Foundation: Sunday,
7:30 p.m. Panel: Dr. Baez, Stan
ford physicist, and one other
speaker on "Nuclear Weapons
Testing."
Westminster Fellowship: Din
ner. 5:30 p.m., Women's Club
house.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
liaha'i Club: 12:30 p.m., Menlo
Park. Luncheon discussion on
Baha'i world faith. Everyone is
welcome; anyone who needs a
ride contact Nat Mazour, Moore
136, or John Miller, Stern 670.
Gaieties: Today and tomorrow
as announced. Sunday, 1-3 p.m.,
main stage, complete run
through.
Gaieties Crew: As announced.
"I" Club: 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House, coffee hour.
Memorial Church: Sunday, 9
a.m., Holy Communion; 11 a.m.,
Dr. John C. Bennett, dean of fac
ulty at Union Theological Semi
nary, New York, will preach on
"Many Convictions and the One
Foundation."
Wesley Foundation: Sunday,
7:30 p.m. Panel: Dr. Baez, Stan
ford physicist, and one other
speaker on "Nuclear Weapons
Testing."
Westminster Fellowship: Din
ner. 5:30 p.m., Women's Club
house.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
liaha'i Club: 12:30 p.m., Menlo
Park. Luncheon discussion on
Baha'i world faith. Everyone is
welcome; anyone who needs a
ride contact Nat Mazour, Moore
136, or John Miller, Stern 670.
Gaieties: Today and tomorrow
as announced. Sunday, 1-3 p.m.,
main stage, complete run
through.
Gaieties Crew: As announced.
"I" Club: 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House, coffee hour.
Memorial Church: Sunday, 9
a.m., Holy Communion; 11 a.m.,
Dr. John C. Bennett, dean of fac
ulty at Union Theological Semi
nary, New York, will preach on
"Many Convictions and the One
Foundation."
Wesley Foundation: Sunday,
7:30 p.m. Panel: Dr. Baez, Stan
ford physicist, and one other
speaker on "Nuclear Weapons
Testing."
Westminster Fellowship: Din
ner. 5:30 p.m., Women's Club
house.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
liaha'i Club: 12:30 p.m., Menlo
Park. Luncheon discussion on
Baha'i world faith. Everyone is
welcome; anyone who needs a
ride contact Nat Mazour, Moore
136, or John Miller, Stern 670.
Gaieties: Today and tomorrow
as announced. Sunday, 1-3 p.m.,
main stage, complete run
through.
Gaieties Crew: As announced.
"I" Club: 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House, coffee hour.
Memorial Church: Sunday, 9
a.m., Holy Communion; 11 a.m.,
Dr. John C. Bennett, dean of fac
ulty at Union Theological Semi
nary, New York, will preach on
"Many Convictions and the One
Foundation."
Wesley Foundation: Sunday,
7:30 p.m. Panel: Dr. Baez, Stan
ford physicist, and one other
speaker on "Nuclear Weapons
Testing."
Westminster Fellowship: Din
ner. 5:30 p.m., Women's Club
house.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
liaha'i Club: 12:30 p.m., Menlo
Park. Luncheon discussion on
Baha'i world faith. Everyone is
welcome; anyone who needs a
ride contact Nat Mazour, Moore
136, or John Miller, Stern 670.
Gaieties: Today and tomorrow
as announced. Sunday, 1-3 p.m.,
main stage, complete run
through.
Gaieties Crew: As announced.
"I" Club: 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House, coffee hour.
Memorial Church: Sunday, 9
a.m., Holy Communion; 11 a.m.,
Dr. John C. Bennett, dean of fac
ulty at Union Theological Semi
nary, New York, will preach on
"Many Convictions and the One
Foundation."
Wesley Foundation: Sunday,
7:30 p.m. Panel: Dr. Baez, Stan
ford physicist, and one other
speaker on "Nuclear Weapons
Testing."
Westminster Fellowship: Din
ner. 5:30 p.m., Women's Club
house.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
liaha'i Club: 12:30 p.m., Menlo
Park. Luncheon discussion on
Baha'i world faith. Everyone is
welcome; anyone who needs a
ride contact Nat Mazour, Moore
136, or John Miller, Stern 670.
Gaieties: Today and tomorrow
as announced. Sunday, 1-3 p.m.,
main stage, complete run
through.
Gaieties Crew: As announced.
"I" Club: 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House, coffee hour.
Memorial Church: Sunday, 9
a.m., Holy Communion; 11 a.m.,
Dr. John C. Bennett, dean of fac
ulty at Union Theological Semi
nary, New York, will preach on
"Many Convictions and the One
Foundation."
Wesley Foundation: Sunday,
7:30 p.m. Panel: Dr. Baez, Stan
ford physicist, and one other
speaker on "Nuclear Weapons
Testing."
Westminster Fellowship: Din
ner. 5:30 p.m., Women's Club
house.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
liaha'i Club: 12:30 p.m., Menlo
Park. Luncheon discussion on
Baha'i world faith. Everyone is
welcome; anyone who needs a
ride contact Nat Mazour, Moore
136, or John Miller, Stern 670.
Gaieties: Today and tomorrow
as announced. Sunday, 1-3 p.m.,
main stage, complete run
through.
Gaieties Crew: As announced.
"I" Club: 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House, coffee hour.
Memorial Church: Sunday, 9
a.m., Holy Communion; 11 a.m.,
Dr. John C. Bennett, dean of fac
ulty at Union Theological Semi
nary, New York, will preach on
"Many Convictions and the One
Foundation."
Wesley Foundation: Sunday,
7:30 p.m. Panel: Dr. Baez, Stan
ford physicist, and one other
speaker on "Nuclear Weapons
Testing."
Westminster Fellowship: Din
ner. 5:30 p.m., Women's Club
house.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
liaha'i Club: 12:30 p.m., Menlo
Park. Luncheon discussion on
Baha'i world faith. Everyone is
welcome; anyone who needs a
ride contact Nat Mazour, Moore
136, or John Miller, Stern 670.
Gaieties: Today and tomorrow
as announced. Sunday, 1-3 p.m.,
main stage, complete run
through.
Gaieties Crew: As announced.
"I" Club: 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House, coffee hour.
Memorial Church: Sunday, 9
a.m., Holy Communion; 11 a.m.,
Dr. John C. Bennett, dean of fac
ulty at Union Theological Semi
nary, New York, will preach on
"Many Convictions and the One
Foundation."
Wesley Foundation: Sunday,
7:30 p.m. Panel: Dr. Baez, Stan
ford physicist, and one other
speaker on "Nuclear Weapons
Testing."
Westminster Fellowship: Din
ner. 5:30 p.m., Women's Club
house.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
liaha'i Club: 12:30 p.m., Menlo
Park. Luncheon discussion on
Baha'i world faith. Everyone is
welcome; anyone who needs a
ride contact Nat Mazour, Moore
136, or John Miller, Stern 670.
Gaieties: Today and tomorrow
as announced. Sunday, 1-3 p.m.,
main stage, complete run
through.
Gaieties Crew: As announced.
"I" Club: 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House, coffee hour.
Memorial Church: Sunday, 9
a.m., Holy Communion; 11 a.m.,
Dr. John C. Bennett, dean of fac
ulty at Union Theological Semi
nary, New York, will preach on
"Many Convictions and the One
Foundation."
Wesley Foundation: Sunday,
7:30 p.m. Panel: Dr. Baez, Stan
ford physicist, and one other
speaker on "Nuclear Weapons
Testing."
Westminster Fellowship: Din
ner. 5:30 p.m., Women's Club
house.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
liaha'i Club: 12:30 p.m., Menlo
Park. Luncheon discussion on
Baha'i world faith. Everyone is
welcome; anyone who needs a
ride contact Nat Mazour, Moore
136, or John Miller, Stern 670.
Gaieties: Today and tomorrow
as announced. Sunday, 1-3 p.m.,
main stage, complete run
through.
Gaieties Crew: As announced.
"I" Club: 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House, coffee hour.
Memorial Church: Sunday, 9
a.m., Holy Communion; 11 a.m.,
Dr. John C. Bennett, dean of fac
ulty at Union Theological Semi
nary, New York, will preach on
"Many Convictions and the One
Foundation."
Wesley Foundation: Sunday,
7:30 p.m. Panel: Dr. Baez, Stan
ford physicist, and one other
speaker on "Nuclear Weapons
Testing."
Westminster Fellowship: Din
ner. 5:30 p.m., Women's Club
house.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
liaha'i Club: 12:30 p.m., Menlo
Park. Luncheon discussion on
Baha'i world faith. Everyone is
welcome; anyone who needs a
ride contact Nat Mazour, Moore
136, or John Miller, Stern 670.
Gaieties: Today and tomorrow
as announced. Sunday, 1-3 p.m.,
main stage, complete run
through.
Gaieties Crew: As announced.
"I" Club: 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House, coffee hour.
Memorial Church: Sunday, 9
a.m., Holy Communion; 11 a.m.,
Dr. John C. Bennett, dean of fac
ulty at Union Theological Semi
nary, New York, will preach on
"Many Convictions and the One
Foundation."
Wesley Foundation: Sunday,
7:30 p.m. Panel: Dr. Baez, Stan
ford physicist, and one other
speaker on "Nuclear Weapons
Testing."
Westminster Fellowship: Din
ner. 5:30 p.m., Women's Club
house.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
liaha'i Club: 12:30 p.m., Menlo
Park. Luncheon discussion on
Baha'i world faith. Everyone is
welcome; anyone who needs a
ride contact Nat Mazour, Moore
136, or John Miller, Stern 670.
Gaieties: Today and tomorrow
as announced. Sunday, 1-3 p.m.,
main stage, complete run
through.
Gaieties Crew: As announced.
"I" Club: 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House, coffee hour.
Memorial Church: Sunday, 9
a.m., Holy Communion; 11 a.m.,
Dr. John C. Bennett, dean of fac
ulty at Union Theological Semi
nary, New York, will preach on
"Many Convictions and the One
Foundation."
Wesley Foundation: Sunday,
7:30 p.m. Panel: Dr. Baez, Stan
ford physicist, and one other
speaker on "Nuclear Weapons
Testing."
Westminster Fellowship: Din
ner. 5:30 p.m., Women's Club
house.
Axe Society: 5 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House.
liaha'i Club: 12:30 p.m., Menlo
Park. Luncheon discussion on
Baha'i world faith. Everyone is
welcome; anyone who needs a
ride contact Nat Mazour, Moore
136, or John Miller, Stern 670.
Gaieties: Today and tomorrow
as announced. Sunday, 1-3 p.m.,
main stage, complete run
through.
Gaieties Crew: As announced.
"I" Club: 4-6 p.m., Bowman
Alumni House, coffee hour.
Memorial Church: Sunday, 9
a.m., Holy Communion; 11 a.m.,
Dr. John C. Bennett, dean of fac
ulty at Union Theological Semi
nary, New York, will preach on
"Many Convictions and the One
Foundation."
Wesley Foundation: Sunday,
7:30 p.m. Panel: Dr. Baez, Stan
ford physicist, and one other
speaker on "Nuclear Weapons
Testing."
Westminster Fellowship: Din
ner. 5:30 p.m., Women's Club
house.
