# Folk Center to Stay Open till Midnight
## 
### 
The Foreign Student Office an
nounced yesterday that the new
International Center at 530 La
such wiil be open today and to
morrow from 9 a.m. to midnight
for the first time.
All foreign and American sin
dents have been Invited to drop
in at the center.
The Foreign Student Office an
nounced yesterday that the new
International Center at 530 La
such wiil be open today and to
morrow from 9 a.m. to midnight
for the first time.
All foreign and American sin
dents have been Invited to drop
in at the center.
The Foreign Student Office an
nounced yesterday that the new
International Center at 530 La
such wiil be open today and to
morrow from 9 a.m. to midnight
for the first time.
All foreign and American sin
dents have been Invited to drop
in at the center.
The Foreign Student Office an
nounced yesterday that the new
International Center at 530 La
such wiil be open today and to
morrow from 9 a.m. to midnight
for the first time.
All foreign and American sin
dents have been Invited to drop
in at the center.
The Foreign Student Office an
nounced yesterday that the new
International Center at 530 La
such wiil be open today and to
morrow from 9 a.m. to midnight
for the first time.
All foreign and American sin
dents have been Invited to drop
in at the center.
The Foreign Student Office an
nounced yesterday that the new
International Center at 530 La
such wiil be open today and to
morrow from 9 a.m. to midnight
for the first time.
All foreign and American sin
dents have been Invited to drop
in at the center.
The Foreign Student Office an
nounced yesterday that the new
International Center at 530 La
such wiil be open today and to
morrow from 9 a.m. to midnight
for the first time.
All foreign and American sin
dents have been Invited to drop
in at the center.
The Foreign Student Office an
nounced yesterday that the new
International Center at 530 La
such wiil be open today and to
morrow from 9 a.m. to midnight
for the first time.
All foreign and American sin
dents have been Invited to drop
in at the center.
The Foreign Student Office an
nounced yesterday that the new
International Center at 530 La
such wiil be open today and to
morrow from 9 a.m. to midnight
for the first time.
All foreign and American sin
dents have been Invited to drop
in at the center.
The Foreign Student Office an
nounced yesterday that the new
International Center at 530 La
such wiil be open today and to
morrow from 9 a.m. to midnight
for the first time.
All foreign and American sin
dents have been Invited to drop
in at the center.
The Foreign Student Office an
nounced yesterday that the new
International Center at 530 La
such wiil be open today and to
morrow from 9 a.m. to midnight
for the first time.
All foreign and American sin
dents have been Invited to drop
in at the center.
The Foreign Student Office an
nounced yesterday that the new
International Center at 530 La
such wiil be open today and to
morrow from 9 a.m. to midnight
for the first time.
All foreign and American sin
dents have been Invited to drop
in at the center.
The Foreign Student Office an
nounced yesterday that the new
International Center at 530 La
such wiil be open today and to
morrow from 9 a.m. to midnight
for the first time.
All foreign and American sin
dents have been Invited to drop
in at the center.
The Foreign Student Office an
nounced yesterday that the new
International Center at 530 La
such wiil be open today and to
morrow from 9 a.m. to midnight
for the first time.
All foreign and American sin
dents have been Invited to drop
in at the center.
The Foreign Student Office an
nounced yesterday that the new
International Center at 530 La
such wiil be open today and to
morrow from 9 a.m. to midnight
for the first time.
All foreign and American sin
dents have been Invited to drop
in at the center.
The Foreign Student Office an
nounced yesterday that the new
International Center at 530 La
such wiil be open today and to
morrow from 9 a.m. to midnight
for the first time.
All foreign and American sin
dents have been Invited to drop
in at the center.
