# A 						Suggestion
## 
### 
To the Editor:
Before returning home after a disappointing week
end, an alumnus asks leave to get off his chest some
tiling which has bothered him for several years. Both
Marchie Schwartz and Chuck Taylor have been fine
coaches (and I hope that Chuck stays for as long as
he wants) but I feel that each has let us in for some
sad Saturday afternoons because of a too rigid ad
herence to the platoon system. It seems that we never
have quite enough good players for two full teams so
the fastest and most adept, particularly in the back
field, have been placed on offense; and those that are
left man the defense. On several occasions—notably
two of the last three Big Games, the Rose Bowl game,
and this Saturday's affair—a fast-striking team has
got us off balance and humiliated our defense while
great players such as Emery Mitchell, McColl, Bob
White and others have sat helplessly on the bench for
the greater part of the game because they didn't know
the defensive patterns. Many good teams have shown
that outstanding players can go both ways at least
part of the time (in one of our very best games four
years ago against USC Gary Kerkorian played safety);
and for the sake of an adequate pass defense if for
no other reason, I would like to see a re-examination
of our position on this before another season rolls
around.
JOHN R. LEWIS
Ixjs Angeles
