# Civil Service Job Applications Due
## 
### 
All students who applied for po
sitions as junior management assist
ant with the federal government
should have their applications in the
mail tomorrow, the Civil Service
Commission has announced. Exam
inations will be given Dec. 6. For
further information, students may
contact the Placement Service on
Inner Quad.
All students who applied for po
sitions as junior management assist
ant with the federal government
should have their applications in the
mail tomorrow, the Civil Service
Commission has announced. Exam
inations will be given Dec. 6. For
further information, students may
contact the Placement Service on
Inner Quad.
All students who applied for po
sitions as junior management assist
ant with the federal government
should have their applications in the
mail tomorrow, the Civil Service
Commission has announced. Exam
inations will be given Dec. 6. For
further information, students may
contact the Placement Service on
Inner Quad.
All students who applied for po
sitions as junior management assist
ant with the federal government
should have their applications in the
mail tomorrow, the Civil Service
Commission has announced. Exam
inations will be given Dec. 6. For
further information, students may
contact the Placement Service on
Inner Quad.
All students who applied for po
sitions as junior management assist
ant with the federal government
should have their applications in the
mail tomorrow, the Civil Service
Commission has announced. Exam
inations will be given Dec. 6. For
further information, students may
contact the Placement Service on
Inner Quad.
All students who applied for po
sitions as junior management assist
ant with the federal government
should have their applications in the
mail tomorrow, the Civil Service
Commission has announced. Exam
inations will be given Dec. 6. For
further information, students may
contact the Placement Service on
Inner Quad.
All students who applied for po
sitions as junior management assist
ant with the federal government
should have their applications in the
mail tomorrow, the Civil Service
Commission has announced. Exam
inations will be given Dec. 6. For
further information, students may
contact the Placement Service on
Inner Quad.
All students who applied for po
sitions as junior management assist
ant with the federal government
should have their applications in the
mail tomorrow, the Civil Service
Commission has announced. Exam
inations will be given Dec. 6. For
further information, students may
contact the Placement Service on
Inner Quad.
All students who applied for po
sitions as junior management assist
ant with the federal government
should have their applications in the
mail tomorrow, the Civil Service
Commission has announced. Exam
inations will be given Dec. 6. For
further information, students may
contact the Placement Service on
Inner Quad.
All students who applied for po
sitions as junior management assist
ant with the federal government
should have their applications in the
mail tomorrow, the Civil Service
Commission has announced. Exam
inations will be given Dec. 6. For
further information, students may
contact the Placement Service on
Inner Quad.
All students who applied for po
sitions as junior management assist
ant with the federal government
should have their applications in the
mail tomorrow, the Civil Service
Commission has announced. Exam
inations will be given Dec. 6. For
further information, students may
contact the Placement Service on
Inner Quad.
All students who applied for po
sitions as junior management assist
ant with the federal government
should have their applications in the
mail tomorrow, the Civil Service
Commission has announced. Exam
inations will be given Dec. 6. For
further information, students may
contact the Placement Service on
Inner Quad.
All students who applied for po
sitions as junior management assist
ant with the federal government
should have their applications in the
mail tomorrow, the Civil Service
Commission has announced. Exam
inations will be given Dec. 6. For
further information, students may
contact the Placement Service on
Inner Quad.
All students who applied for po
sitions as junior management assist
ant with the federal government
should have their applications in the
mail tomorrow, the Civil Service
Commission has announced. Exam
inations will be given Dec. 6. For
further information, students may
contact the Placement Service on
Inner Quad.
All students who applied for po
sitions as junior management assist
ant with the federal government
should have their applications in the
mail tomorrow, the Civil Service
Commission has announced. Exam
inations will be given Dec. 6. For
further information, students may
contact the Placement Service on
Inner Quad.
All students who applied for po
sitions as junior management assist
ant with the federal government
should have their applications in the
mail tomorrow, the Civil Service
Commission has announced. Exam
inations will be given Dec. 6. For
further information, students may
contact the Placement Service on
Inner Quad.
