# Last Day for Gaicties Tickets Sale on Quad
## 
### 
Today is the last day lluit <inip
ties tickets may he purchased on
Engineering corner. Tickets arc
on sale there today from !) to fi
for 75 cents, $1, and $1 2.'».
After today tickets ma.v be pur
chased ;»< Memorial Auditorium
box office.
Today is the last day lluit <inip
ties tickets may he purchased on
Engineering corner. Tickets arc
on sale there today from !) to fi
for 75 cents, $1, and $1 2.'».
After today tickets ma.v be pur
chased ;»< Memorial Auditorium
box office.
Today is the last day lluit <inip
ties tickets may he purchased on
Engineering corner. Tickets arc
on sale there today from !) to fi
for 75 cents, $1, and $1 2.'».
After today tickets ma.v be pur
chased ;»< Memorial Auditorium
box office.
Today is the last day lluit <inip
ties tickets may he purchased on
Engineering corner. Tickets arc
on sale there today from !) to fi
for 75 cents, $1, and $1 2.'».
After today tickets ma.v be pur
chased ;»< Memorial Auditorium
box office.
Today is the last day lluit <inip
ties tickets may he purchased on
Engineering corner. Tickets arc
on sale there today from !) to fi
for 75 cents, $1, and $1 2.'».
After today tickets ma.v be pur
chased ;»< Memorial Auditorium
box office.
Today is the last day lluit <inip
ties tickets may he purchased on
Engineering corner. Tickets arc
on sale there today from !) to fi
for 75 cents, $1, and $1 2.'».
After today tickets ma.v be pur
chased ;»< Memorial Auditorium
box office.
Today is the last day lluit <inip
ties tickets may he purchased on
Engineering corner. Tickets arc
on sale there today from !) to fi
for 75 cents, $1, and $1 2.'».
After today tickets ma.v be pur
chased ;»< Memorial Auditorium
box office.
Today is the last day lluit <inip
ties tickets may he purchased on
Engineering corner. Tickets arc
on sale there today from !) to fi
for 75 cents, $1, and $1 2.'».
After today tickets ma.v be pur
chased ;»< Memorial Auditorium
box office.
Today is the last day lluit <inip
ties tickets may he purchased on
Engineering corner. Tickets arc
on sale there today from !) to fi
for 75 cents, $1, and $1 2.'».
After today tickets ma.v be pur
chased ;»< Memorial Auditorium
box office.
Today is the last day lluit <inip
ties tickets may he purchased on
Engineering corner. Tickets arc
on sale there today from !) to fi
for 75 cents, $1, and $1 2.'».
After today tickets ma.v be pur
chased ;»< Memorial Auditorium
box office.
Today is the last day lluit <inip
ties tickets may he purchased on
Engineering corner. Tickets arc
on sale there today from !) to fi
for 75 cents, $1, and $1 2.'».
After today tickets ma.v be pur
chased ;»< Memorial Auditorium
box office.
Today is the last day lluit <inip
ties tickets may he purchased on
Engineering corner. Tickets arc
on sale there today from !) to fi
for 75 cents, $1, and $1 2.'».
After today tickets ma.v be pur
chased ;»< Memorial Auditorium
box office.
Today is the last day lluit <inip
ties tickets may he purchased on
Engineering corner. Tickets arc
on sale there today from !) to fi
for 75 cents, $1, and $1 2.'».
After today tickets ma.v be pur
chased ;»< Memorial Auditorium
box office.
Today is the last day lluit <inip
ties tickets may he purchased on
Engineering corner. Tickets arc
on sale there today from !) to fi
for 75 cents, $1, and $1 2.'».
After today tickets ma.v be pur
chased ;»< Memorial Auditorium
box office.
Today is the last day lluit <inip
ties tickets may he purchased on
Engineering corner. Tickets arc
on sale there today from !) to fi
for 75 cents, $1, and $1 2.'».
After today tickets ma.v be pur
chased ;»< Memorial Auditorium
box office.
Today is the last day lluit <inip
ties tickets may he purchased on
Engineering corner. Tickets arc
on sale there today from !) to fi
for 75 cents, $1, and $1 2.'».
After today tickets ma.v be pur
chased ;»< Memorial Auditorium
box office.
