# Pacific T and T Interviews Today
## 
### 
Representatives of the Pacific Tel
ephone and Telegraph Company
will visit the University today to
interview graduating students in
terested in employment, the Ap
pointment Service announced yes
terday.
The company desires applications
from women interested in positions
as service representatives or engi
neers, and from men interested in
working in the traffic department.
For the latter position, a degree in
electrical engineering is most de
sirable, but consideration will be
given to men who have had some
engineering training in their Uni
versity program.
Appointments may be arranged
by calling at the Appointment Serv
ice, room 166, Administration Build
ing.
