# LASSU Will Not Convene Tonight
## 
### 
There will be no meeting of the
Associated Student Legislature to
night. President George Ralph an
nounced that there was not sufficient
business to necessitate a meeting.
Regular Legislature meetings will be
resumed starting next Wednesday.
There will be no meeting of the
Associated Student Legislature to
night. President George Ralph an
nounced that there was not sufficient
business to necessitate a meeting.
Regular Legislature meetings will be
resumed starting next Wednesday.
There will be no meeting of the
Associated Student Legislature to
night. President George Ralph an
nounced that there was not sufficient
business to necessitate a meeting.
Regular Legislature meetings will be
resumed starting next Wednesday.
There will be no meeting of the
Associated Student Legislature to
night. President George Ralph an
nounced that there was not sufficient
business to necessitate a meeting.
Regular Legislature meetings will be
resumed starting next Wednesday.
There will be no meeting of the
Associated Student Legislature to
night. President George Ralph an
nounced that there was not sufficient
business to necessitate a meeting.
Regular Legislature meetings will be
resumed starting next Wednesday.
There will be no meeting of the
Associated Student Legislature to
night. President George Ralph an
nounced that there was not sufficient
business to necessitate a meeting.
Regular Legislature meetings will be
resumed starting next Wednesday.
There will be no meeting of the
Associated Student Legislature to
night. President George Ralph an
nounced that there was not sufficient
business to necessitate a meeting.
Regular Legislature meetings will be
resumed starting next Wednesday.
There will be no meeting of the
Associated Student Legislature to
night. President George Ralph an
nounced that there was not sufficient
business to necessitate a meeting.
Regular Legislature meetings will be
resumed starting next Wednesday.
There will be no meeting of the
Associated Student Legislature to
night. President George Ralph an
nounced that there was not sufficient
business to necessitate a meeting.
Regular Legislature meetings will be
resumed starting next Wednesday.
There will be no meeting of the
Associated Student Legislature to
night. President George Ralph an
nounced that there was not sufficient
business to necessitate a meeting.
Regular Legislature meetings will be
resumed starting next Wednesday.
There will be no meeting of the
Associated Student Legislature to
night. President George Ralph an
nounced that there was not sufficient
business to necessitate a meeting.
Regular Legislature meetings will be
resumed starting next Wednesday.
There will be no meeting of the
Associated Student Legislature to
night. President George Ralph an
nounced that there was not sufficient
business to necessitate a meeting.
Regular Legislature meetings will be
resumed starting next Wednesday.
There will be no meeting of the
Associated Student Legislature to
night. President George Ralph an
nounced that there was not sufficient
business to necessitate a meeting.
Regular Legislature meetings will be
resumed starting next Wednesday.
There will be no meeting of the
Associated Student Legislature to
night. President George Ralph an
nounced that there was not sufficient
business to necessitate a meeting.
Regular Legislature meetings will be
resumed starting next Wednesday.
There will be no meeting of the
Associated Student Legislature to
night. President George Ralph an
nounced that there was not sufficient
business to necessitate a meeting.
Regular Legislature meetings will be
resumed starting next Wednesday.
