# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Despite the fact that there is now a
higher registration fee which calls for
an additional expenditure upon regis
tration day, two payments remain to
every student to be made tomorrow.
These two duties are; first, — the
payment of the Student Body assess
ments, and secondly,—the payment of
installments upon life memberships in
the Stanford Union. The first is abso
lutely necessary to the maintenance of
athletics in the University and the sec
ond is even more indispensible for the
upbuilding of one of the greatest, if
not the greatest institution that Stan
ford has ever seen or undertaken.
These expenditures will never be re
gretted and they are to produce results
that will fully repay the amount that
is subscribed.
Despite the fact that there is now a
higher registration fee which calls for
an additional expenditure upon regis
tration day, two payments remain to
every student to be made tomorrow.
These two duties are; first, — the
payment of the Student Body assess
ments, and secondly,—the payment of
installments upon life memberships in
the Stanford Union. The first is abso
lutely necessary to the maintenance of
athletics in the University and the sec
ond is even more indispensible for the
upbuilding of one of the greatest, if
not the greatest institution that Stan
ford has ever seen or undertaken.
These expenditures will never be re
gretted and they are to produce results
that will fully repay the amount that
is subscribed.
Despite the fact that there is now a
higher registration fee which calls for
an additional expenditure upon regis
tration day, two payments remain to
every student to be made tomorrow.
These two duties are; first, — the
payment of the Student Body assess
ments, and secondly,—the payment of
installments upon life memberships in
the Stanford Union. The first is abso
lutely necessary to the maintenance of
athletics in the University and the sec
ond is even more indispensible for the
upbuilding of one of the greatest, if
not the greatest institution that Stan
ford has ever seen or undertaken.
These expenditures will never be re
gretted and they are to produce results
that will fully repay the amount that
is subscribed.
Despite the fact that there is now a
higher registration fee which calls for
an additional expenditure upon regis
tration day, two payments remain to
every student to be made tomorrow.
These two duties are; first, — the
payment of the Student Body assess
ments, and secondly,—the payment of
installments upon life memberships in
the Stanford Union. The first is abso
lutely necessary to the maintenance of
athletics in the University and the sec
ond is even more indispensible for the
upbuilding of one of the greatest, if
not the greatest institution that Stan
ford has ever seen or undertaken.
These expenditures will never be re
gretted and they are to produce results
that will fully repay the amount that
is subscribed.
Despite the fact that there is now a
higher registration fee which calls for
an additional expenditure upon regis
tration day, two payments remain to
every student to be made tomorrow.
These two duties are; first, — the
payment of the Student Body assess
ments, and secondly,—the payment of
installments upon life memberships in
the Stanford Union. The first is abso
lutely necessary to the maintenance of
athletics in the University and the sec
ond is even more indispensible for the
upbuilding of one of the greatest, if
not the greatest institution that Stan
ford has ever seen or undertaken.
These expenditures will never be re
gretted and they are to produce results
that will fully repay the amount that
is subscribed.
Despite the fact that there is now a
higher registration fee which calls for
an additional expenditure upon regis
tration day, two payments remain to
every student to be made tomorrow.
These two duties are; first, — the
payment of the Student Body assess
ments, and secondly,—the payment of
installments upon life memberships in
the Stanford Union. The first is abso
lutely necessary to the maintenance of
athletics in the University and the sec
ond is even more indispensible for the
upbuilding of one of the greatest, if
not the greatest institution that Stan
ford has ever seen or undertaken.
These expenditures will never be re
gretted and they are to produce results
that will fully repay the amount that
is subscribed.
Despite the fact that there is now a
higher registration fee which calls for
an additional expenditure upon regis
tration day, two payments remain to
every student to be made tomorrow.
These two duties are; first, — the
payment of the Student Body assess
ments, and secondly,—the payment of
installments upon life memberships in
the Stanford Union. The first is abso
lutely necessary to the maintenance of
athletics in the University and the sec
ond is even more indispensible for the
upbuilding of one of the greatest, if
not the greatest institution that Stan
ford has ever seen or undertaken.
These expenditures will never be re
gretted and they are to produce results
that will fully repay the amount that
is subscribed.
Despite the fact that there is now a
higher registration fee which calls for
an additional expenditure upon regis
tration day, two payments remain to
every student to be made tomorrow.
These two duties are; first, — the
payment of the Student Body assess
ments, and secondly,—the payment of
installments upon life memberships in
the Stanford Union. The first is abso
lutely necessary to the maintenance of
athletics in the University and the sec
ond is even more indispensible for the
upbuilding of one of the greatest, if
not the greatest institution that Stan
ford has ever seen or undertaken.
These expenditures will never be re
gretted and they are to produce results
that will fully repay the amount that
is subscribed.
Despite the fact that there is now a
higher registration fee which calls for
an additional expenditure upon regis
tration day, two payments remain to
every student to be made tomorrow.
These two duties are; first, — the
payment of the Student Body assess
ments, and secondly,—the payment of
installments upon life memberships in
the Stanford Union. The first is abso
lutely necessary to the maintenance of
athletics in the University and the sec
ond is even more indispensible for the
upbuilding of one of the greatest, if
not the greatest institution that Stan
ford has ever seen or undertaken.
These expenditures will never be re
gretted and they are to produce results
that will fully repay the amount that
is subscribed.
Despite the fact that there is now a
higher registration fee which calls for
an additional expenditure upon regis
tration day, two payments remain to
every student to be made tomorrow.
These two duties are; first, — the
payment of the Student Body assess
ments, and secondly,—the payment of
installments upon life memberships in
the Stanford Union. The first is abso
lutely necessary to the maintenance of
athletics in the University and the sec
ond is even more indispensible for the
upbuilding of one of the greatest, if
not the greatest institution that Stan
ford has ever seen or undertaken.
These expenditures will never be re
gretted and they are to produce results
that will fully repay the amount that
is subscribed.
Despite the fact that there is now a
higher registration fee which calls for
an additional expenditure upon regis
tration day, two payments remain to
every student to be made tomorrow.
These two duties are; first, — the
payment of the Student Body assess
ments, and secondly,—the payment of
installments upon life memberships in
the Stanford Union. The first is abso
lutely necessary to the maintenance of
athletics in the University and the sec
ond is even more indispensible for the
upbuilding of one of the greatest, if
not the greatest institution that Stan
ford has ever seen or undertaken.
These expenditures will never be re
gretted and they are to produce results
that will fully repay the amount that
is subscribed.
