# A 						Record To Shoot At
## 
### 
The baseball team is on the high seas, bound for Australia and a tour
of friendly competition with teams of the island continent, who have
learned how to play the American national pastime with sufficient skill
to make good contests with the Cardinal nine. The Stanford men will
hold their own on the diamonds of the Antipodes of course, but that is
not the only goal that a Stanford team has to shoot at in Australia.
Former teams from this University who have visited there have made a
reputation as gentlemen as well as athletes which has greatly redounded
to the standing of Stanford on the other side of the world. There is no
doubt that the ball nine will he another winner for Stanford in this
direction also.
The baseball team is on the high seas, bound for Australia and a tour
of friendly competition with teams of the island continent, who have
learned how to play the American national pastime with sufficient skill
to make good contests with the Cardinal nine. The Stanford men will
hold their own on the diamonds of the Antipodes of course, but that is
not the only goal that a Stanford team has to shoot at in Australia.
Former teams from this University who have visited there have made a
reputation as gentlemen as well as athletes which has greatly redounded
to the standing of Stanford on the other side of the world. There is no
doubt that the ball nine will he another winner for Stanford in this
direction also.
The baseball team is on the high seas, bound for Australia and a tour
of friendly competition with teams of the island continent, who have
learned how to play the American national pastime with sufficient skill
to make good contests with the Cardinal nine. The Stanford men will
hold their own on the diamonds of the Antipodes of course, but that is
not the only goal that a Stanford team has to shoot at in Australia.
Former teams from this University who have visited there have made a
reputation as gentlemen as well as athletes which has greatly redounded
to the standing of Stanford on the other side of the world. There is no
doubt that the ball nine will he another winner for Stanford in this
direction also.
The baseball team is on the high seas, bound for Australia and a tour
of friendly competition with teams of the island continent, who have
learned how to play the American national pastime with sufficient skill
to make good contests with the Cardinal nine. The Stanford men will
hold their own on the diamonds of the Antipodes of course, but that is
not the only goal that a Stanford team has to shoot at in Australia.
Former teams from this University who have visited there have made a
reputation as gentlemen as well as athletes which has greatly redounded
to the standing of Stanford on the other side of the world. There is no
doubt that the ball nine will he another winner for Stanford in this
direction also.
The baseball team is on the high seas, bound for Australia and a tour
of friendly competition with teams of the island continent, who have
learned how to play the American national pastime with sufficient skill
to make good contests with the Cardinal nine. The Stanford men will
hold their own on the diamonds of the Antipodes of course, but that is
not the only goal that a Stanford team has to shoot at in Australia.
Former teams from this University who have visited there have made a
reputation as gentlemen as well as athletes which has greatly redounded
to the standing of Stanford on the other side of the world. There is no
doubt that the ball nine will he another winner for Stanford in this
direction also.
The baseball team is on the high seas, bound for Australia and a tour
of friendly competition with teams of the island continent, who have
learned how to play the American national pastime with sufficient skill
to make good contests with the Cardinal nine. The Stanford men will
hold their own on the diamonds of the Antipodes of course, but that is
not the only goal that a Stanford team has to shoot at in Australia.
Former teams from this University who have visited there have made a
reputation as gentlemen as well as athletes which has greatly redounded
to the standing of Stanford on the other side of the world. There is no
doubt that the ball nine will he another winner for Stanford in this
direction also.
The baseball team is on the high seas, bound for Australia and a tour
of friendly competition with teams of the island continent, who have
learned how to play the American national pastime with sufficient skill
to make good contests with the Cardinal nine. The Stanford men will
hold their own on the diamonds of the Antipodes of course, but that is
not the only goal that a Stanford team has to shoot at in Australia.
Former teams from this University who have visited there have made a
reputation as gentlemen as well as athletes which has greatly redounded
to the standing of Stanford on the other side of the world. There is no
doubt that the ball nine will he another winner for Stanford in this
direction also.
The baseball team is on the high seas, bound for Australia and a tour
of friendly competition with teams of the island continent, who have
learned how to play the American national pastime with sufficient skill
to make good contests with the Cardinal nine. The Stanford men will
hold their own on the diamonds of the Antipodes of course, but that is
not the only goal that a Stanford team has to shoot at in Australia.
Former teams from this University who have visited there have made a
reputation as gentlemen as well as athletes which has greatly redounded
to the standing of Stanford on the other side of the world. There is no
doubt that the ball nine will he another winner for Stanford in this
direction also.
The baseball team is on the high seas, bound for Australia and a tour
of friendly competition with teams of the island continent, who have
learned how to play the American national pastime with sufficient skill
to make good contests with the Cardinal nine. The Stanford men will
hold their own on the diamonds of the Antipodes of course, but that is
not the only goal that a Stanford team has to shoot at in Australia.
Former teams from this University who have visited there have made a
reputation as gentlemen as well as athletes which has greatly redounded
to the standing of Stanford on the other side of the world. There is no
doubt that the ball nine will he another winner for Stanford in this
direction also.
The baseball team is on the high seas, bound for Australia and a tour
of friendly competition with teams of the island continent, who have
learned how to play the American national pastime with sufficient skill
to make good contests with the Cardinal nine. The Stanford men will
hold their own on the diamonds of the Antipodes of course, but that is
not the only goal that a Stanford team has to shoot at in Australia.
Former teams from this University who have visited there have made a
reputation as gentlemen as well as athletes which has greatly redounded
to the standing of Stanford on the other side of the world. There is no
doubt that the ball nine will he another winner for Stanford in this
direction also.
The baseball team is on the high seas, bound for Australia and a tour
of friendly competition with teams of the island continent, who have
learned how to play the American national pastime with sufficient skill
to make good contests with the Cardinal nine. The Stanford men will
hold their own on the diamonds of the Antipodes of course, but that is
not the only goal that a Stanford team has to shoot at in Australia.
Former teams from this University who have visited there have made a
reputation as gentlemen as well as athletes which has greatly redounded
to the standing of Stanford on the other side of the world. There is no
doubt that the ball nine will he another winner for Stanford in this
direction also.
The baseball team is on the high seas, bound for Australia and a tour
of friendly competition with teams of the island continent, who have
learned how to play the American national pastime with sufficient skill
to make good contests with the Cardinal nine. The Stanford men will
hold their own on the diamonds of the Antipodes of course, but that is
not the only goal that a Stanford team has to shoot at in Australia.
Former teams from this University who have visited there have made a
reputation as gentlemen as well as athletes which has greatly redounded
to the standing of Stanford on the other side of the world. There is no
doubt that the ball nine will he another winner for Stanford in this
direction also.
The baseball team is on the high seas, bound for Australia and a tour
of friendly competition with teams of the island continent, who have
learned how to play the American national pastime with sufficient skill
to make good contests with the Cardinal nine. The Stanford men will
hold their own on the diamonds of the Antipodes of course, but that is
not the only goal that a Stanford team has to shoot at in Australia.
Former teams from this University who have visited there have made a
reputation as gentlemen as well as athletes which has greatly redounded
to the standing of Stanford on the other side of the world. There is no
doubt that the ball nine will he another winner for Stanford in this
direction also.
The baseball team is on the high seas, bound for Australia and a tour
of friendly competition with teams of the island continent, who have
learned how to play the American national pastime with sufficient skill
to make good contests with the Cardinal nine. The Stanford men will
hold their own on the diamonds of the Antipodes of course, but that is
not the only goal that a Stanford team has to shoot at in Australia.
Former teams from this University who have visited there have made a
reputation as gentlemen as well as athletes which has greatly redounded
to the standing of Stanford on the other side of the world. There is no
doubt that the ball nine will he another winner for Stanford in this
direction also.
The baseball team is on the high seas, bound for Australia and a tour
of friendly competition with teams of the island continent, who have
learned how to play the American national pastime with sufficient skill
to make good contests with the Cardinal nine. The Stanford men will
hold their own on the diamonds of the Antipodes of course, but that is
not the only goal that a Stanford team has to shoot at in Australia.
Former teams from this University who have visited there have made a
reputation as gentlemen as well as athletes which has greatly redounded
to the standing of Stanford on the other side of the world. There is no
doubt that the ball nine will he another winner for Stanford in this
direction also.
The baseball team is on the high seas, bound for Australia and a tour
of friendly competition with teams of the island continent, who have
learned how to play the American national pastime with sufficient skill
to make good contests with the Cardinal nine. The Stanford men will
hold their own on the diamonds of the Antipodes of course, but that is
not the only goal that a Stanford team has to shoot at in Australia.
Former teams from this University who have visited there have made a
reputation as gentlemen as well as athletes which has greatly redounded
to the standing of Stanford on the other side of the world. There is no
doubt that the ball nine will he another winner for Stanford in this
direction also.
