# SAFE FOURTH ENJOYED BY CAMPUS; ONLY TWO MINOR FIRES REPORTED
## 
### 
Stanford had a very safe Fourth
of July, according to Fire Chief Rob
ert E. Dugan. There were only two
grass fires during the day and these
were checked before they gained seri
ous proportions. The fires were on
the Searsville road, one opposite the
Schenkel picnic park, the other op
posite the Miller picnic ground. Ciga
rettes were probably the cause of
these fires.

Two men patrolled the campus the
entire day watching for fires. Many
roads on which there was a heavy
stand of dry grass were closed to
traffic. It was perhaps due to the
patrolling of the Stanford grounds
that no campus fires were reported
to the Stanford fire department.

This was a gain for the better over
last year, when there were about five
fires. One of these burned over a con
siderable stretch of land back of the
campus, and for a time threatened to
spread to the campus proper. The re
duction in the number of fires was
probably due to the careful attitude
of those who were on the campus. If
the remainder of the dry season can
be passed through as successfully as
was the Fourth, there will be little
damage done by the time the rains
again set in.

Secret marriages have been forbid
den at the University of Indiana.
