# WORK PROGRESSING ON NEW AIRPORT RUNWAY
## 
### 
Work is progressing favorably on
the new 4000-foot runway being built
by the University at the Palo Alto
School of Aviation which will be used
to accommodate large planes and par
ticularly the Richfield-Fokker State
guest plane which is to be placed at
the disposal of the Hoover reception
committee.
It was believed that the existing
runways at Ihe Palo Alto School of
Aviation would not be big enough to
accommodate the large planes that
would probably visit the campus dur
ing Hoover's stay here; consequently
(his new runway is being built for
lh;it nnrnose.
Work is progressing favorably on
the new 4000-foot runway being built
by the University at the Palo Alto
School of Aviation which will be used
to accommodate large planes and par
ticularly the Richfield-Fokker State
guest plane which is to be placed at
the disposal of the Hoover reception
committee.
It was believed that the existing
runways at Ihe Palo Alto School of
Aviation would not be big enough to
accommodate the large planes that
would probably visit the campus dur
ing Hoover's stay here; consequently
(his new runway is being built for
lh;it nnrnose.
Work is progressing favorably on
the new 4000-foot runway being built
by the University at the Palo Alto
School of Aviation which will be used
to accommodate large planes and par
ticularly the Richfield-Fokker State
guest plane which is to be placed at
the disposal of the Hoover reception
committee.
It was believed that the existing
runways at Ihe Palo Alto School of
Aviation would not be big enough to
accommodate the large planes that
would probably visit the campus dur
ing Hoover's stay here; consequently
(his new runway is being built for
lh;it nnrnose.
Work is progressing favorably on
the new 4000-foot runway being built
by the University at the Palo Alto
School of Aviation which will be used
to accommodate large planes and par
ticularly the Richfield-Fokker State
guest plane which is to be placed at
the disposal of the Hoover reception
committee.
It was believed that the existing
runways at Ihe Palo Alto School of
Aviation would not be big enough to
accommodate the large planes that
would probably visit the campus dur
ing Hoover's stay here; consequently
(his new runway is being built for
lh;it nnrnose.
Work is progressing favorably on
the new 4000-foot runway being built
by the University at the Palo Alto
School of Aviation which will be used
to accommodate large planes and par
ticularly the Richfield-Fokker State
guest plane which is to be placed at
the disposal of the Hoover reception
committee.
It was believed that the existing
runways at Ihe Palo Alto School of
Aviation would not be big enough to
accommodate the large planes that
would probably visit the campus dur
ing Hoover's stay here; consequently
(his new runway is being built for
lh;it nnrnose.
Work is progressing favorably on
the new 4000-foot runway being built
by the University at the Palo Alto
School of Aviation which will be used
to accommodate large planes and par
ticularly the Richfield-Fokker State
guest plane which is to be placed at
the disposal of the Hoover reception
committee.
It was believed that the existing
runways at Ihe Palo Alto School of
Aviation would not be big enough to
accommodate the large planes that
would probably visit the campus dur
ing Hoover's stay here; consequently
(his new runway is being built for
lh;it nnrnose.
Work is progressing favorably on
the new 4000-foot runway being built
by the University at the Palo Alto
School of Aviation which will be used
to accommodate large planes and par
ticularly the Richfield-Fokker State
guest plane which is to be placed at
the disposal of the Hoover reception
committee.
It was believed that the existing
runways at Ihe Palo Alto School of
Aviation would not be big enough to
accommodate the large planes that
would probably visit the campus dur
ing Hoover's stay here; consequently
(his new runway is being built for
lh;it nnrnose.
Work is progressing favorably on
the new 4000-foot runway being built
by the University at the Palo Alto
School of Aviation which will be used
to accommodate large planes and par
ticularly the Richfield-Fokker State
guest plane which is to be placed at
the disposal of the Hoover reception
committee.
It was believed that the existing
runways at Ihe Palo Alto School of
Aviation would not be big enough to
accommodate the large planes that
would probably visit the campus dur
ing Hoover's stay here; consequently
(his new runway is being built for
lh;it nnrnose.
Work is progressing favorably on
the new 4000-foot runway being built
by the University at the Palo Alto
School of Aviation which will be used
to accommodate large planes and par
ticularly the Richfield-Fokker State
guest plane which is to be placed at
the disposal of the Hoover reception
committee.
It was believed that the existing
runways at Ihe Palo Alto School of
Aviation would not be big enough to
accommodate the large planes that
would probably visit the campus dur
ing Hoover's stay here; consequently
(his new runway is being built for
lh;it nnrnose.
Work is progressing favorably on
the new 4000-foot runway being built
by the University at the Palo Alto
School of Aviation which will be used
to accommodate large planes and par
ticularly the Richfield-Fokker State
guest plane which is to be placed at
the disposal of the Hoover reception
committee.
It was believed that the existing
runways at Ihe Palo Alto School of
Aviation would not be big enough to
accommodate the large planes that
would probably visit the campus dur
ing Hoover's stay here; consequently
(his new runway is being built for
lh;it nnrnose.
Work is progressing favorably on
the new 4000-foot runway being built
by the University at the Palo Alto
School of Aviation which will be used
to accommodate large planes and par
ticularly the Richfield-Fokker State
guest plane which is to be placed at
the disposal of the Hoover reception
committee.
It was believed that the existing
runways at Ihe Palo Alto School of
Aviation would not be big enough to
accommodate the large planes that
would probably visit the campus dur
ing Hoover's stay here; consequently
(his new runway is being built for
lh;it nnrnose.
Work is progressing favorably on
the new 4000-foot runway being built
by the University at the Palo Alto
School of Aviation which will be used
to accommodate large planes and par
ticularly the Richfield-Fokker State
guest plane which is to be placed at
the disposal of the Hoover reception
committee.
It was believed that the existing
runways at Ihe Palo Alto School of
Aviation would not be big enough to
accommodate the large planes that
would probably visit the campus dur
ing Hoover's stay here; consequently
(his new runway is being built for
lh;it nnrnose.
Work is progressing favorably on
the new 4000-foot runway being built
by the University at the Palo Alto
School of Aviation which will be used
to accommodate large planes and par
ticularly the Richfield-Fokker State
guest plane which is to be placed at
the disposal of the Hoover reception
committee.
It was believed that the existing
runways at Ihe Palo Alto School of
Aviation would not be big enough to
accommodate the large planes that
would probably visit the campus dur
ing Hoover's stay here; consequently
(his new runway is being built for
lh;it nnrnose.
Work is progressing favorably on
the new 4000-foot runway being built
by the University at the Palo Alto
School of Aviation which will be used
to accommodate large planes and par
ticularly the Richfield-Fokker State
guest plane which is to be placed at
the disposal of the Hoover reception
committee.
It was believed that the existing
runways at Ihe Palo Alto School of
Aviation would not be big enough to
accommodate the large planes that
would probably visit the campus dur
ing Hoover's stay here; consequently
(his new runway is being built for
lh;it nnrnose.
Work is progressing favorably on
the new 4000-foot runway being built
by the University at the Palo Alto
School of Aviation which will be used
to accommodate large planes and par
ticularly the Richfield-Fokker State
guest plane which is to be placed at
the disposal of the Hoover reception
committee.
It was believed that the existing
runways at Ihe Palo Alto School of
Aviation would not be big enough to
accommodate the large planes that
would probably visit the campus dur
ing Hoover's stay here; consequently
(his new runway is being built for
lh;it nnrnose.
Work is progressing favorably on
the new 4000-foot runway being built
by the University at the Palo Alto
School of Aviation which will be used
to accommodate large planes and par
ticularly the Richfield-Fokker State
guest plane which is to be placed at
the disposal of the Hoover reception
committee.
It was believed that the existing
runways at Ihe Palo Alto School of
Aviation would not be big enough to
accommodate the large planes that
would probably visit the campus dur
ing Hoover's stay here; consequently
(his new runway is being built for
lh;it nnrnose.
