# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Henry D. Sheldon, ex-A.S.S.U. Presi
dent, who returns to the Campus as
Summer Quarter professor of Educa
tion.

Henry D. Sheldon, ex-A.S.S.U. Presi
dent, who returns to the Campus as
Summer Quarter professor of Educa
tion.

Henry D. Sheldon, ex-A.S.S.U. Presi
dent, who returns to the Campus as
Summer Quarter professor of Educa
tion.

Henry D. Sheldon, ex-A.S.S.U. Presi
dent, who returns to the Campus as
Summer Quarter professor of Educa
tion.

Henry D. Sheldon, ex-A.S.S.U. Presi
dent, who returns to the Campus as
Summer Quarter professor of Educa
tion.

Henry D. Sheldon, ex-A.S.S.U. Presi
dent, who returns to the Campus as
Summer Quarter professor of Educa
tion.

Henry D. Sheldon, ex-A.S.S.U. Presi
dent, who returns to the Campus as
Summer Quarter professor of Educa
tion.

Henry D. Sheldon, ex-A.S.S.U. Presi
dent, who returns to the Campus as
Summer Quarter professor of Educa
tion.

Henry D. Sheldon, ex-A.S.S.U. Presi
dent, who returns to the Campus as
Summer Quarter professor of Educa
tion.

Henry D. Sheldon, ex-A.S.S.U. Presi
dent, who returns to the Campus as
Summer Quarter professor of Educa
tion.

Henry D. Sheldon, ex-A.S.S.U. Presi
dent, who returns to the Campus as
Summer Quarter professor of Educa
tion.

Henry D. Sheldon, ex-A.S.S.U. Presi
dent, who returns to the Campus as
Summer Quarter professor of Educa
tion.

Henry D. Sheldon, ex-A.S.S.U. Presi
dent, who returns to the Campus as
Summer Quarter professor of Educa
tion.

Henry D. Sheldon, ex-A.S.S.U. Presi
dent, who returns to the Campus as
Summer Quarter professor of Educa
tion.

Henry D. Sheldon, ex-A.S.S.U. Presi
dent, who returns to the Campus as
Summer Quarter professor of Educa
tion.

Henry D. Sheldon, ex-A.S.S.U. Presi
dent, who returns to the Campus as
Summer Quarter professor of Educa
tion.
