# DANCE TO HELP TRAINING TABLE
## 
### 
Tickets go one sale tomorrow at the
bookstore and in the various fratern
ities and clubs for the football train
ing-table dance to be given in Encina
Hall, Friday evening, October fi. Dec
orations from the Encina dance last
Saturday will be left in place for Fri
day night. All proceeds of the dance
will help defray the expenses of the
football training table this fall. Tick
ets will sell at a dollar a couple.
Shifts of the best campus musical
talent will furnish the necessary terp
sichorean rhythm, and a series of
original stunts will enliven the inter
missions. As there is no other event
of public interest scheduled for Fri
day nisht. a large attendance is an
ticipated by the committee in charge.
Tickets go one sale tomorrow at the
bookstore and in the various fratern
ities and clubs for the football train
ing-table dance to be given in Encina
Hall, Friday evening, October fi. Dec
orations from the Encina dance last
Saturday will be left in place for Fri
day night. All proceeds of the dance
will help defray the expenses of the
football training table this fall. Tick
ets will sell at a dollar a couple.
Shifts of the best campus musical
talent will furnish the necessary terp
sichorean rhythm, and a series of
original stunts will enliven the inter
missions. As there is no other event
of public interest scheduled for Fri
day nisht. a large attendance is an
ticipated by the committee in charge.
Tickets go one sale tomorrow at the
bookstore and in the various fratern
ities and clubs for the football train
ing-table dance to be given in Encina
Hall, Friday evening, October fi. Dec
orations from the Encina dance last
Saturday will be left in place for Fri
day night. All proceeds of the dance
will help defray the expenses of the
football training table this fall. Tick
ets will sell at a dollar a couple.
Shifts of the best campus musical
talent will furnish the necessary terp
sichorean rhythm, and a series of
original stunts will enliven the inter
missions. As there is no other event
of public interest scheduled for Fri
day nisht. a large attendance is an
ticipated by the committee in charge.
Tickets go one sale tomorrow at the
bookstore and in the various fratern
ities and clubs for the football train
ing-table dance to be given in Encina
Hall, Friday evening, October fi. Dec
orations from the Encina dance last
Saturday will be left in place for Fri
day night. All proceeds of the dance
will help defray the expenses of the
football training table this fall. Tick
ets will sell at a dollar a couple.
Shifts of the best campus musical
talent will furnish the necessary terp
sichorean rhythm, and a series of
original stunts will enliven the inter
missions. As there is no other event
of public interest scheduled for Fri
day nisht. a large attendance is an
ticipated by the committee in charge.
Tickets go one sale tomorrow at the
bookstore and in the various fratern
ities and clubs for the football train
ing-table dance to be given in Encina
Hall, Friday evening, October fi. Dec
orations from the Encina dance last
Saturday will be left in place for Fri
day night. All proceeds of the dance
will help defray the expenses of the
football training table this fall. Tick
ets will sell at a dollar a couple.
Shifts of the best campus musical
talent will furnish the necessary terp
sichorean rhythm, and a series of
original stunts will enliven the inter
missions. As there is no other event
of public interest scheduled for Fri
day nisht. a large attendance is an
ticipated by the committee in charge.
Tickets go one sale tomorrow at the
bookstore and in the various fratern
ities and clubs for the football train
ing-table dance to be given in Encina
Hall, Friday evening, October fi. Dec
orations from the Encina dance last
Saturday will be left in place for Fri
day night. All proceeds of the dance
will help defray the expenses of the
football training table this fall. Tick
ets will sell at a dollar a couple.
Shifts of the best campus musical
talent will furnish the necessary terp
sichorean rhythm, and a series of
original stunts will enliven the inter
missions. As there is no other event
of public interest scheduled for Fri
day nisht. a large attendance is an
ticipated by the committee in charge.
Tickets go one sale tomorrow at the
bookstore and in the various fratern
ities and clubs for the football train
ing-table dance to be given in Encina
Hall, Friday evening, October fi. Dec
orations from the Encina dance last
Saturday will be left in place for Fri
day night. All proceeds of the dance
will help defray the expenses of the
football training table this fall. Tick
ets will sell at a dollar a couple.
Shifts of the best campus musical
talent will furnish the necessary terp
sichorean rhythm, and a series of
original stunts will enliven the inter
missions. As there is no other event
of public interest scheduled for Fri
day nisht. a large attendance is an
ticipated by the committee in charge.
Tickets go one sale tomorrow at the
bookstore and in the various fratern
ities and clubs for the football train
ing-table dance to be given in Encina
Hall, Friday evening, October fi. Dec
orations from the Encina dance last
Saturday will be left in place for Fri
day night. All proceeds of the dance
will help defray the expenses of the
football training table this fall. Tick
ets will sell at a dollar a couple.
Shifts of the best campus musical
talent will furnish the necessary terp
sichorean rhythm, and a series of
original stunts will enliven the inter
missions. As there is no other event
of public interest scheduled for Fri
day nisht. a large attendance is an
ticipated by the committee in charge.
Tickets go one sale tomorrow at the
bookstore and in the various fratern
ities and clubs for the football train
ing-table dance to be given in Encina
Hall, Friday evening, October fi. Dec
orations from the Encina dance last
Saturday will be left in place for Fri
day night. All proceeds of the dance
will help defray the expenses of the
football training table this fall. Tick
ets will sell at a dollar a couple.
Shifts of the best campus musical
talent will furnish the necessary terp
sichorean rhythm, and a series of
original stunts will enliven the inter
missions. As there is no other event
of public interest scheduled for Fri
day nisht. a large attendance is an
ticipated by the committee in charge.
Tickets go one sale tomorrow at the
bookstore and in the various fratern
ities and clubs for the football train
ing-table dance to be given in Encina
Hall, Friday evening, October fi. Dec
orations from the Encina dance last
Saturday will be left in place for Fri
day night. All proceeds of the dance
will help defray the expenses of the
football training table this fall. Tick
ets will sell at a dollar a couple.
Shifts of the best campus musical
talent will furnish the necessary terp
sichorean rhythm, and a series of
original stunts will enliven the inter
missions. As there is no other event
of public interest scheduled for Fri
day nisht. a large attendance is an
ticipated by the committee in charge.
Tickets go one sale tomorrow at the
bookstore and in the various fratern
ities and clubs for the football train
ing-table dance to be given in Encina
Hall, Friday evening, October fi. Dec
orations from the Encina dance last
Saturday will be left in place for Fri
day night. All proceeds of the dance
will help defray the expenses of the
football training table this fall. Tick
ets will sell at a dollar a couple.
Shifts of the best campus musical
talent will furnish the necessary terp
sichorean rhythm, and a series of
original stunts will enliven the inter
missions. As there is no other event
of public interest scheduled for Fri
day nisht. a large attendance is an
ticipated by the committee in charge.
Tickets go one sale tomorrow at the
bookstore and in the various fratern
ities and clubs for the football train
ing-table dance to be given in Encina
Hall, Friday evening, October fi. Dec
orations from the Encina dance last
Saturday will be left in place for Fri
day night. All proceeds of the dance
will help defray the expenses of the
football training table this fall. Tick
ets will sell at a dollar a couple.
Shifts of the best campus musical
talent will furnish the necessary terp
sichorean rhythm, and a series of
original stunts will enliven the inter
missions. As there is no other event
of public interest scheduled for Fri
day nisht. a large attendance is an
ticipated by the committee in charge.
Tickets go one sale tomorrow at the
bookstore and in the various fratern
ities and clubs for the football train
ing-table dance to be given in Encina
Hall, Friday evening, October fi. Dec
orations from the Encina dance last
Saturday will be left in place for Fri
day night. All proceeds of the dance
will help defray the expenses of the
football training table this fall. Tick
ets will sell at a dollar a couple.
Shifts of the best campus musical
talent will furnish the necessary terp
sichorean rhythm, and a series of
original stunts will enliven the inter
missions. As there is no other event
of public interest scheduled for Fri
day nisht. a large attendance is an
ticipated by the committee in charge.
Tickets go one sale tomorrow at the
bookstore and in the various fratern
ities and clubs for the football train
ing-table dance to be given in Encina
Hall, Friday evening, October fi. Dec
orations from the Encina dance last
Saturday will be left in place for Fri
day night. All proceeds of the dance
will help defray the expenses of the
football training table this fall. Tick
ets will sell at a dollar a couple.
Shifts of the best campus musical
talent will furnish the necessary terp
sichorean rhythm, and a series of
original stunts will enliven the inter
missions. As there is no other event
of public interest scheduled for Fri
day nisht. a large attendance is an
ticipated by the committee in charge.
