# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing 600,000 vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing 600,000 vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing 600,000 vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing 600,000 vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing 600,000 vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing 600,000 vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing 600,000 vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing 600,000 vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing 600,000 vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing 600,000 vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing 600,000 vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing 600,000 vol
umes.
Yale has the largest college library
in America, containing 600,000 vol
umes.
