# ANNUAL AWARD OF THE BERWICK PEACE PRIZE WILL BE MADE FRIDAY
## 
### 
Six speakers have made known their
intention of entering the Edward Rer
wick Jr., Peace Prize contest to be
held in the chapel Friday evening at
8 o'clock. Those now entered in the
contest are J. G. Emerson, gr., A. H.
Morosco, '16, A. F. Coyle, '15, A. L.
Johnson, '16, C. W. Ide, '16, and A. B.
Aten, '16. Others preparing to enter
should hand in their names to Pro
fessor Bassett of the English depart
ment at once.
From the entries already made
known the contest for the prize will
be well contested. The winning speak
er will be presented with a check of
$50 at the close of the program. As
sociate Professor Jefferson Elmore of
the Latin department, Assistant Pro
fessor R. L. Green of the Mathematics
department, and Assistant Professor
I). F. Grass of the Department of
Economics, will act as judges for the
contest.
Professor HasseM Speaks on Poetry.
Professor L. E. Bassett, of the de
partment of English, expounded "The
Music of Poetry" for the benefit of
the Forum club of San Francisco last
week.
The message of the speaker was
that poetry, to be understood, in its
deepest meaning, must be heard, for
only in the hearing is its music made
manifest.
Six speakers have made known their
intention of entering the Edward Rer
wick Jr., Peace Prize contest to be
held in the chapel Friday evening at
8 o'clock. Those now entered in the
contest are J. G. Emerson, gr., A. H.
Morosco, '16, A. F. Coyle, '15, A. L.
Johnson, '16, C. W. Ide, '16, and A. B.
Aten, '16. Others preparing to enter
should hand in their names to Pro
fessor Bassett of the English depart
ment at once.
From the entries already made
known the contest for the prize will
be well contested. The winning speak
er will be presented with a check of
$50 at the close of the program. As
sociate Professor Jefferson Elmore of
the Latin department, Assistant Pro
fessor R. L. Green of the Mathematics
department, and Assistant Professor
I). F. Grass of the Department of
Economics, will act as judges for the
contest.
Professor HasseM Speaks on Poetry.
Professor L. E. Bassett, of the de
partment of English, expounded "The
Music of Poetry" for the benefit of
the Forum club of San Francisco last
week.
The message of the speaker was
that poetry, to be understood, in its
deepest meaning, must be heard, for
only in the hearing is its music made
manifest.
Six speakers have made known their
intention of entering the Edward Rer
wick Jr., Peace Prize contest to be
held in the chapel Friday evening at
8 o'clock. Those now entered in the
contest are J. G. Emerson, gr., A. H.
Morosco, '16, A. F. Coyle, '15, A. L.
Johnson, '16, C. W. Ide, '16, and A. B.
Aten, '16. Others preparing to enter
should hand in their names to Pro
fessor Bassett of the English depart
ment at once.
From the entries already made
known the contest for the prize will
be well contested. The winning speak
er will be presented with a check of
$50 at the close of the program. As
sociate Professor Jefferson Elmore of
the Latin department, Assistant Pro
fessor R. L. Green of the Mathematics
department, and Assistant Professor
I). F. Grass of the Department of
Economics, will act as judges for the
contest.
Professor HasseM Speaks on Poetry.
Professor L. E. Bassett, of the de
partment of English, expounded "The
Music of Poetry" for the benefit of
the Forum club of San Francisco last
week.
The message of the speaker was
that poetry, to be understood, in its
deepest meaning, must be heard, for
only in the hearing is its music made
manifest.
Six speakers have made known their
intention of entering the Edward Rer
wick Jr., Peace Prize contest to be
held in the chapel Friday evening at
8 o'clock. Those now entered in the
contest are J. G. Emerson, gr., A. H.
Morosco, '16, A. F. Coyle, '15, A. L.
Johnson, '16, C. W. Ide, '16, and A. B.
Aten, '16. Others preparing to enter
should hand in their names to Pro
fessor Bassett of the English depart
ment at once.
From the entries already made
known the contest for the prize will
be well contested. The winning speak
er will be presented with a check of
$50 at the close of the program. As
sociate Professor Jefferson Elmore of
the Latin department, Assistant Pro
fessor R. L. Green of the Mathematics
department, and Assistant Professor
I). F. Grass of the Department of
Economics, will act as judges for the
contest.
Professor HasseM Speaks on Poetry.
Professor L. E. Bassett, of the de
partment of English, expounded "The
Music of Poetry" for the benefit of
the Forum club of San Francisco last
week.
The message of the speaker was
that poetry, to be understood, in its
deepest meaning, must be heard, for
only in the hearing is its music made
manifest.
Six speakers have made known their
intention of entering the Edward Rer
wick Jr., Peace Prize contest to be
held in the chapel Friday evening at
8 o'clock. Those now entered in the
contest are J. G. Emerson, gr., A. H.
Morosco, '16, A. F. Coyle, '15, A. L.
Johnson, '16, C. W. Ide, '16, and A. B.
Aten, '16. Others preparing to enter
should hand in their names to Pro
fessor Bassett of the English depart
ment at once.
From the entries already made
known the contest for the prize will
be well contested. The winning speak
er will be presented with a check of
$50 at the close of the program. As
sociate Professor Jefferson Elmore of
the Latin department, Assistant Pro
fessor R. L. Green of the Mathematics
department, and Assistant Professor
I). F. Grass of the Department of
Economics, will act as judges for the
contest.
Professor HasseM Speaks on Poetry.
Professor L. E. Bassett, of the de
partment of English, expounded "The
Music of Poetry" for the benefit of
the Forum club of San Francisco last
week.
The message of the speaker was
that poetry, to be understood, in its
deepest meaning, must be heard, for
only in the hearing is its music made
manifest.
Six speakers have made known their
intention of entering the Edward Rer
wick Jr., Peace Prize contest to be
held in the chapel Friday evening at
8 o'clock. Those now entered in the
contest are J. G. Emerson, gr., A. H.
Morosco, '16, A. F. Coyle, '15, A. L.
Johnson, '16, C. W. Ide, '16, and A. B.
Aten, '16. Others preparing to enter
should hand in their names to Pro
fessor Bassett of the English depart
ment at once.
From the entries already made
known the contest for the prize will
be well contested. The winning speak
er will be presented with a check of
$50 at the close of the program. As
sociate Professor Jefferson Elmore of
the Latin department, Assistant Pro
fessor R. L. Green of the Mathematics
department, and Assistant Professor
I). F. Grass of the Department of
Economics, will act as judges for the
contest.
Professor HasseM Speaks on Poetry.
Professor L. E. Bassett, of the de
partment of English, expounded "The
Music of Poetry" for the benefit of
the Forum club of San Francisco last
week.
The message of the speaker was
that poetry, to be understood, in its
deepest meaning, must be heard, for
only in the hearing is its music made
manifest.
Six speakers have made known their
intention of entering the Edward Rer
wick Jr., Peace Prize contest to be
held in the chapel Friday evening at
8 o'clock. Those now entered in the
contest are J. G. Emerson, gr., A. H.
Morosco, '16, A. F. Coyle, '15, A. L.
Johnson, '16, C. W. Ide, '16, and A. B.
Aten, '16. Others preparing to enter
should hand in their names to Pro
fessor Bassett of the English depart
ment at once.
From the entries already made
known the contest for the prize will
be well contested. The winning speak
er will be presented with a check of
$50 at the close of the program. As
sociate Professor Jefferson Elmore of
the Latin department, Assistant Pro
fessor R. L. Green of the Mathematics
department, and Assistant Professor
I). F. Grass of the Department of
Economics, will act as judges for the
contest.
Professor HasseM Speaks on Poetry.
Professor L. E. Bassett, of the de
partment of English, expounded "The
Music of Poetry" for the benefit of
the Forum club of San Francisco last
week.
The message of the speaker was
that poetry, to be understood, in its
deepest meaning, must be heard, for
only in the hearing is its music made
manifest.
Six speakers have made known their
intention of entering the Edward Rer
wick Jr., Peace Prize contest to be
held in the chapel Friday evening at
8 o'clock. Those now entered in the
contest are J. G. Emerson, gr., A. H.
Morosco, '16, A. F. Coyle, '15, A. L.
Johnson, '16, C. W. Ide, '16, and A. B.
Aten, '16. Others preparing to enter
should hand in their names to Pro
fessor Bassett of the English depart
ment at once.
From the entries already made
known the contest for the prize will
be well contested. The winning speak
er will be presented with a check of
$50 at the close of the program. As
sociate Professor Jefferson Elmore of
the Latin department, Assistant Pro
fessor R. L. Green of the Mathematics
department, and Assistant Professor
I). F. Grass of the Department of
Economics, will act as judges for the
contest.
Professor HasseM Speaks on Poetry.
Professor L. E. Bassett, of the de
partment of English, expounded "The
Music of Poetry" for the benefit of
the Forum club of San Francisco last
week.
The message of the speaker was
that poetry, to be understood, in its
deepest meaning, must be heard, for
only in the hearing is its music made
manifest.
Six speakers have made known their
intention of entering the Edward Rer
wick Jr., Peace Prize contest to be
held in the chapel Friday evening at
8 o'clock. Those now entered in the
contest are J. G. Emerson, gr., A. H.
Morosco, '16, A. F. Coyle, '15, A. L.
Johnson, '16, C. W. Ide, '16, and A. B.
Aten, '16. Others preparing to enter
should hand in their names to Pro
fessor Bassett of the English depart
ment at once.
From the entries already made
known the contest for the prize will
be well contested. The winning speak
er will be presented with a check of
$50 at the close of the program. As
sociate Professor Jefferson Elmore of
the Latin department, Assistant Pro
fessor R. L. Green of the Mathematics
department, and Assistant Professor
I). F. Grass of the Department of
Economics, will act as judges for the
contest.
Professor HasseM Speaks on Poetry.
Professor L. E. Bassett, of the de
partment of English, expounded "The
Music of Poetry" for the benefit of
the Forum club of San Francisco last
week.
The message of the speaker was
that poetry, to be understood, in its
deepest meaning, must be heard, for
only in the hearing is its music made
manifest.
Six speakers have made known their
intention of entering the Edward Rer
wick Jr., Peace Prize contest to be
held in the chapel Friday evening at
8 o'clock. Those now entered in the
contest are J. G. Emerson, gr., A. H.
Morosco, '16, A. F. Coyle, '15, A. L.
Johnson, '16, C. W. Ide, '16, and A. B.
Aten, '16. Others preparing to enter
should hand in their names to Pro
fessor Bassett of the English depart
ment at once.
From the entries already made
known the contest for the prize will
be well contested. The winning speak
er will be presented with a check of
$50 at the close of the program. As
sociate Professor Jefferson Elmore of
the Latin department, Assistant Pro
fessor R. L. Green of the Mathematics
department, and Assistant Professor
I). F. Grass of the Department of
Economics, will act as judges for the
contest.
Professor HasseM Speaks on Poetry.
Professor L. E. Bassett, of the de
partment of English, expounded "The
Music of Poetry" for the benefit of
the Forum club of San Francisco last
week.
The message of the speaker was
that poetry, to be understood, in its
deepest meaning, must be heard, for
only in the hearing is its music made
manifest.
Six speakers have made known their
intention of entering the Edward Rer
wick Jr., Peace Prize contest to be
held in the chapel Friday evening at
8 o'clock. Those now entered in the
contest are J. G. Emerson, gr., A. H.
Morosco, '16, A. F. Coyle, '15, A. L.
Johnson, '16, C. W. Ide, '16, and A. B.
Aten, '16. Others preparing to enter
should hand in their names to Pro
fessor Bassett of the English depart
ment at once.
From the entries already made
known the contest for the prize will
be well contested. The winning speak
er will be presented with a check of
$50 at the close of the program. As
sociate Professor Jefferson Elmore of
the Latin department, Assistant Pro
fessor R. L. Green of the Mathematics
department, and Assistant Professor
I). F. Grass of the Department of
Economics, will act as judges for the
contest.
Professor HasseM Speaks on Poetry.
Professor L. E. Bassett, of the de
partment of English, expounded "The
Music of Poetry" for the benefit of
the Forum club of San Francisco last
week.
The message of the speaker was
that poetry, to be understood, in its
deepest meaning, must be heard, for
only in the hearing is its music made
manifest.
Six speakers have made known their
intention of entering the Edward Rer
wick Jr., Peace Prize contest to be
held in the chapel Friday evening at
8 o'clock. Those now entered in the
contest are J. G. Emerson, gr., A. H.
Morosco, '16, A. F. Coyle, '15, A. L.
Johnson, '16, C. W. Ide, '16, and A. B.
Aten, '16. Others preparing to enter
should hand in their names to Pro
fessor Bassett of the English depart
ment at once.
From the entries already made
known the contest for the prize will
be well contested. The winning speak
er will be presented with a check of
$50 at the close of the program. As
sociate Professor Jefferson Elmore of
the Latin department, Assistant Pro
fessor R. L. Green of the Mathematics
department, and Assistant Professor
I). F. Grass of the Department of
Economics, will act as judges for the
contest.
Professor HasseM Speaks on Poetry.
Professor L. E. Bassett, of the de
partment of English, expounded "The
Music of Poetry" for the benefit of
the Forum club of San Francisco last
week.
The message of the speaker was
that poetry, to be understood, in its
deepest meaning, must be heard, for
only in the hearing is its music made
manifest.
Six speakers have made known their
intention of entering the Edward Rer
wick Jr., Peace Prize contest to be
held in the chapel Friday evening at
8 o'clock. Those now entered in the
contest are J. G. Emerson, gr., A. H.
Morosco, '16, A. F. Coyle, '15, A. L.
Johnson, '16, C. W. Ide, '16, and A. B.
Aten, '16. Others preparing to enter
should hand in their names to Pro
fessor Bassett of the English depart
ment at once.
From the entries already made
known the contest for the prize will
be well contested. The winning speak
er will be presented with a check of
$50 at the close of the program. As
sociate Professor Jefferson Elmore of
the Latin department, Assistant Pro
fessor R. L. Green of the Mathematics
department, and Assistant Professor
I). F. Grass of the Department of
Economics, will act as judges for the
contest.
Professor HasseM Speaks on Poetry.
Professor L. E. Bassett, of the de
partment of English, expounded "The
Music of Poetry" for the benefit of
the Forum club of San Francisco last
week.
The message of the speaker was
that poetry, to be understood, in its
deepest meaning, must be heard, for
only in the hearing is its music made
manifest.
