# Takes Census of Seals.
## 
### 
G. A. Clark, Academic Secretary to
Dr. Jordan, is expected back on the
campus the first of next month.
Clark lias been in the employ of the
government in the Behring Sea during
the summer, making a census of the
seal herds.
G. A. Clark, Academic Secretary to
Dr. Jordan, is expected back on the
campus the first of next month.
Clark lias been in the employ of the
government in the Behring Sea during
the summer, making a census of the
seal herds.
G. A. Clark, Academic Secretary to
Dr. Jordan, is expected back on the
campus the first of next month.
Clark lias been in the employ of the
government in the Behring Sea during
the summer, making a census of the
seal herds.
G. A. Clark, Academic Secretary to
Dr. Jordan, is expected back on the
campus the first of next month.
Clark lias been in the employ of the
government in the Behring Sea during
the summer, making a census of the
seal herds.
G. A. Clark, Academic Secretary to
Dr. Jordan, is expected back on the
campus the first of next month.
Clark lias been in the employ of the
government in the Behring Sea during
the summer, making a census of the
seal herds.
G. A. Clark, Academic Secretary to
Dr. Jordan, is expected back on the
campus the first of next month.
Clark lias been in the employ of the
government in the Behring Sea during
the summer, making a census of the
seal herds.
G. A. Clark, Academic Secretary to
Dr. Jordan, is expected back on the
campus the first of next month.
Clark lias been in the employ of the
government in the Behring Sea during
the summer, making a census of the
seal herds.
G. A. Clark, Academic Secretary to
Dr. Jordan, is expected back on the
campus the first of next month.
Clark lias been in the employ of the
government in the Behring Sea during
the summer, making a census of the
seal herds.
G. A. Clark, Academic Secretary to
Dr. Jordan, is expected back on the
campus the first of next month.
Clark lias been in the employ of the
government in the Behring Sea during
the summer, making a census of the
seal herds.
G. A. Clark, Academic Secretary to
Dr. Jordan, is expected back on the
campus the first of next month.
Clark lias been in the employ of the
government in the Behring Sea during
the summer, making a census of the
seal herds.
G. A. Clark, Academic Secretary to
Dr. Jordan, is expected back on the
campus the first of next month.
Clark lias been in the employ of the
government in the Behring Sea during
the summer, making a census of the
seal herds.
G. A. Clark, Academic Secretary to
Dr. Jordan, is expected back on the
campus the first of next month.
Clark lias been in the employ of the
government in the Behring Sea during
the summer, making a census of the
seal herds.
G. A. Clark, Academic Secretary to
Dr. Jordan, is expected back on the
campus the first of next month.
Clark lias been in the employ of the
government in the Behring Sea during
the summer, making a census of the
seal herds.
