# Rosh Will be Held Thursday.
## 
### 
Student i'ody President A. \V. Am
brose, 'K!, lias fixed upon Thursday
afternoon as the time for the annual
tying combat between the Sophomore
and Freshmen classes. The football
turf is to be the scene of the en
counter.
Student i'ody President A. \V. Am
brose, 'K!, lias fixed upon Thursday
afternoon as the time for the annual
tying combat between the Sophomore
and Freshmen classes. The football
turf is to be the scene of the en
counter.
Student i'ody President A. \V. Am
brose, 'K!, lias fixed upon Thursday
afternoon as the time for the annual
tying combat between the Sophomore
and Freshmen classes. The football
turf is to be the scene of the en
counter.
Student i'ody President A. \V. Am
brose, 'K!, lias fixed upon Thursday
afternoon as the time for the annual
tying combat between the Sophomore
and Freshmen classes. The football
turf is to be the scene of the en
counter.
Student i'ody President A. \V. Am
brose, 'K!, lias fixed upon Thursday
afternoon as the time for the annual
tying combat between the Sophomore
and Freshmen classes. The football
turf is to be the scene of the en
counter.
Student i'ody President A. \V. Am
brose, 'K!, lias fixed upon Thursday
afternoon as the time for the annual
tying combat between the Sophomore
and Freshmen classes. The football
turf is to be the scene of the en
counter.
Student i'ody President A. \V. Am
brose, 'K!, lias fixed upon Thursday
afternoon as the time for the annual
tying combat between the Sophomore
and Freshmen classes. The football
turf is to be the scene of the en
counter.
Student i'ody President A. \V. Am
brose, 'K!, lias fixed upon Thursday
afternoon as the time for the annual
tying combat between the Sophomore
and Freshmen classes. The football
turf is to be the scene of the en
counter.
Student i'ody President A. \V. Am
brose, 'K!, lias fixed upon Thursday
afternoon as the time for the annual
tying combat between the Sophomore
and Freshmen classes. The football
turf is to be the scene of the en
counter.
Student i'ody President A. \V. Am
brose, 'K!, lias fixed upon Thursday
afternoon as the time for the annual
tying combat between the Sophomore
and Freshmen classes. The football
turf is to be the scene of the en
counter.
Student i'ody President A. \V. Am
brose, 'K!, lias fixed upon Thursday
afternoon as the time for the annual
tying combat between the Sophomore
and Freshmen classes. The football
turf is to be the scene of the en
counter.
Student i'ody President A. \V. Am
brose, 'K!, lias fixed upon Thursday
afternoon as the time for the annual
tying combat between the Sophomore
and Freshmen classes. The football
turf is to be the scene of the en
counter.
Student i'ody President A. \V. Am
brose, 'K!, lias fixed upon Thursday
afternoon as the time for the annual
tying combat between the Sophomore
and Freshmen classes. The football
turf is to be the scene of the en
counter.
