# Mixed Doubles Results Listed
## 
### 
Results of nine first-round mixed
doubles tennis matches had been re
ported on the draw in the Women's
Gym by yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to Virginia Hobbs, tourna
ment director.
Those teams who have not played or
reported their first-round scores
must do so by Saturday, or they will
be defaulted.
First-round scores posted are as
follows:
Brooke-Ted Myers def. Leebrick-
Howk, default.
Teague - Ford def. Dreusike-
Rhoads, 6-2, 6-0.
M. Frank-Greenfield def. Beards
lee-Weinberg, 4-6, 6-4, 7-5.
Perren-Janz def. Pike-Rush, 6-1,
2-6, 6-1.
E. McCollem - Luthy def. Jackie
Roth and partner. 6-2, 1-6, 6-2.
M .Goldman - Adolph def. Green
berg-Stearns, 6-2, 6-2.
Sue Smith-Kabalin def. Soule-D.
Van Dyke, 6-2, 7-5.
Harrison-Luce def. B. J. King-
Stover, 6-0, 6-2.
Second round: Hobbs - Henschel
def. Perren-Janz, 6-2, 6-2.
Results of nine first-round mixed
doubles tennis matches had been re
ported on the draw in the Women's
Gym by yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to Virginia Hobbs, tourna
ment director.
Those teams who have not played or
reported their first-round scores
must do so by Saturday, or they will
be defaulted.
First-round scores posted are as
follows:
Brooke-Ted Myers def. Leebrick-
Howk, default.
Teague - Ford def. Dreusike-
Rhoads, 6-2, 6-0.
M. Frank-Greenfield def. Beards
lee-Weinberg, 4-6, 6-4, 7-5.
Perren-Janz def. Pike-Rush, 6-1,
2-6, 6-1.
E. McCollem - Luthy def. Jackie
Roth and partner. 6-2, 1-6, 6-2.
M .Goldman - Adolph def. Green
berg-Stearns, 6-2, 6-2.
Sue Smith-Kabalin def. Soule-D.
Van Dyke, 6-2, 7-5.
Harrison-Luce def. B. J. King-
Stover, 6-0, 6-2.
Second round: Hobbs - Henschel
def. Perren-Janz, 6-2, 6-2.
Results of nine first-round mixed
doubles tennis matches had been re
ported on the draw in the Women's
Gym by yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to Virginia Hobbs, tourna
ment director.
Those teams who have not played or
reported their first-round scores
must do so by Saturday, or they will
be defaulted.
First-round scores posted are as
follows:
Brooke-Ted Myers def. Leebrick-
Howk, default.
Teague - Ford def. Dreusike-
Rhoads, 6-2, 6-0.
M. Frank-Greenfield def. Beards
lee-Weinberg, 4-6, 6-4, 7-5.
Perren-Janz def. Pike-Rush, 6-1,
2-6, 6-1.
E. McCollem - Luthy def. Jackie
Roth and partner. 6-2, 1-6, 6-2.
M .Goldman - Adolph def. Green
berg-Stearns, 6-2, 6-2.
Sue Smith-Kabalin def. Soule-D.
Van Dyke, 6-2, 7-5.
Harrison-Luce def. B. J. King-
Stover, 6-0, 6-2.
Second round: Hobbs - Henschel
def. Perren-Janz, 6-2, 6-2.
Results of nine first-round mixed
doubles tennis matches had been re
ported on the draw in the Women's
Gym by yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to Virginia Hobbs, tourna
ment director.
Those teams who have not played or
reported their first-round scores
must do so by Saturday, or they will
be defaulted.
First-round scores posted are as
follows:
Brooke-Ted Myers def. Leebrick-
Howk, default.
Teague - Ford def. Dreusike-
Rhoads, 6-2, 6-0.
M. Frank-Greenfield def. Beards
lee-Weinberg, 4-6, 6-4, 7-5.
Perren-Janz def. Pike-Rush, 6-1,
2-6, 6-1.
E. McCollem - Luthy def. Jackie
Roth and partner. 6-2, 1-6, 6-2.
M .Goldman - Adolph def. Green
berg-Stearns, 6-2, 6-2.
Sue Smith-Kabalin def. Soule-D.
Van Dyke, 6-2, 7-5.
Harrison-Luce def. B. J. King-
Stover, 6-0, 6-2.
Second round: Hobbs - Henschel
def. Perren-Janz, 6-2, 6-2.
Results of nine first-round mixed
doubles tennis matches had been re
ported on the draw in the Women's
Gym by yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to Virginia Hobbs, tourna
ment director.
Those teams who have not played or
reported their first-round scores
must do so by Saturday, or they will
be defaulted.
First-round scores posted are as
follows:
Brooke-Ted Myers def. Leebrick-
Howk, default.
Teague - Ford def. Dreusike-
Rhoads, 6-2, 6-0.
M. Frank-Greenfield def. Beards
lee-Weinberg, 4-6, 6-4, 7-5.
Perren-Janz def. Pike-Rush, 6-1,
2-6, 6-1.
E. McCollem - Luthy def. Jackie
Roth and partner. 6-2, 1-6, 6-2.
M .Goldman - Adolph def. Green
berg-Stearns, 6-2, 6-2.
Sue Smith-Kabalin def. Soule-D.
Van Dyke, 6-2, 7-5.
Harrison-Luce def. B. J. King-
Stover, 6-0, 6-2.
Second round: Hobbs - Henschel
def. Perren-Janz, 6-2, 6-2.
Results of nine first-round mixed
doubles tennis matches had been re
ported on the draw in the Women's
Gym by yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to Virginia Hobbs, tourna
ment director.
Those teams who have not played or
reported their first-round scores
must do so by Saturday, or they will
be defaulted.
First-round scores posted are as
follows:
Brooke-Ted Myers def. Leebrick-
Howk, default.
Teague - Ford def. Dreusike-
Rhoads, 6-2, 6-0.
M. Frank-Greenfield def. Beards
lee-Weinberg, 4-6, 6-4, 7-5.
Perren-Janz def. Pike-Rush, 6-1,
2-6, 6-1.
E. McCollem - Luthy def. Jackie
Roth and partner. 6-2, 1-6, 6-2.
M .Goldman - Adolph def. Green
berg-Stearns, 6-2, 6-2.
Sue Smith-Kabalin def. Soule-D.
Van Dyke, 6-2, 7-5.
Harrison-Luce def. B. J. King-
Stover, 6-0, 6-2.
Second round: Hobbs - Henschel
def. Perren-Janz, 6-2, 6-2.
Results of nine first-round mixed
doubles tennis matches had been re
ported on the draw in the Women's
Gym by yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to Virginia Hobbs, tourna
ment director.
Those teams who have not played or
reported their first-round scores
must do so by Saturday, or they will
be defaulted.
First-round scores posted are as
follows:
Brooke-Ted Myers def. Leebrick-
Howk, default.
Teague - Ford def. Dreusike-
Rhoads, 6-2, 6-0.
M. Frank-Greenfield def. Beards
lee-Weinberg, 4-6, 6-4, 7-5.
Perren-Janz def. Pike-Rush, 6-1,
2-6, 6-1.
E. McCollem - Luthy def. Jackie
Roth and partner. 6-2, 1-6, 6-2.
M .Goldman - Adolph def. Green
berg-Stearns, 6-2, 6-2.
Sue Smith-Kabalin def. Soule-D.
Van Dyke, 6-2, 7-5.
Harrison-Luce def. B. J. King-
Stover, 6-0, 6-2.
Second round: Hobbs - Henschel
def. Perren-Janz, 6-2, 6-2.
Results of nine first-round mixed
doubles tennis matches had been re
ported on the draw in the Women's
Gym by yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to Virginia Hobbs, tourna
ment director.
Those teams who have not played or
reported their first-round scores
must do so by Saturday, or they will
be defaulted.
First-round scores posted are as
follows:
Brooke-Ted Myers def. Leebrick-
Howk, default.
Teague - Ford def. Dreusike-
Rhoads, 6-2, 6-0.
M. Frank-Greenfield def. Beards
lee-Weinberg, 4-6, 6-4, 7-5.
Perren-Janz def. Pike-Rush, 6-1,
2-6, 6-1.
E. McCollem - Luthy def. Jackie
Roth and partner. 6-2, 1-6, 6-2.
M .Goldman - Adolph def. Green
berg-Stearns, 6-2, 6-2.
Sue Smith-Kabalin def. Soule-D.
Van Dyke, 6-2, 7-5.
Harrison-Luce def. B. J. King-
Stover, 6-0, 6-2.
Second round: Hobbs - Henschel
def. Perren-Janz, 6-2, 6-2.
Results of nine first-round mixed
doubles tennis matches had been re
ported on the draw in the Women's
Gym by yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to Virginia Hobbs, tourna
ment director.
Those teams who have not played or
reported their first-round scores
must do so by Saturday, or they will
be defaulted.
First-round scores posted are as
follows:
Brooke-Ted Myers def. Leebrick-
Howk, default.
Teague - Ford def. Dreusike-
Rhoads, 6-2, 6-0.
M. Frank-Greenfield def. Beards
lee-Weinberg, 4-6, 6-4, 7-5.
Perren-Janz def. Pike-Rush, 6-1,
2-6, 6-1.
E. McCollem - Luthy def. Jackie
Roth and partner. 6-2, 1-6, 6-2.
M .Goldman - Adolph def. Green
berg-Stearns, 6-2, 6-2.
Sue Smith-Kabalin def. Soule-D.
Van Dyke, 6-2, 7-5.
Harrison-Luce def. B. J. King-
Stover, 6-0, 6-2.
Second round: Hobbs - Henschel
def. Perren-Janz, 6-2, 6-2.
Results of nine first-round mixed
doubles tennis matches had been re
ported on the draw in the Women's
Gym by yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to Virginia Hobbs, tourna
ment director.
Those teams who have not played or
reported their first-round scores
must do so by Saturday, or they will
be defaulted.
First-round scores posted are as
follows:
Brooke-Ted Myers def. Leebrick-
Howk, default.
Teague - Ford def. Dreusike-
Rhoads, 6-2, 6-0.
M. Frank-Greenfield def. Beards
lee-Weinberg, 4-6, 6-4, 7-5.
Perren-Janz def. Pike-Rush, 6-1,
2-6, 6-1.
E. McCollem - Luthy def. Jackie
Roth and partner. 6-2, 1-6, 6-2.
M .Goldman - Adolph def. Green
berg-Stearns, 6-2, 6-2.
Sue Smith-Kabalin def. Soule-D.
Van Dyke, 6-2, 7-5.
Harrison-Luce def. B. J. King-
Stover, 6-0, 6-2.
Second round: Hobbs - Henschel
def. Perren-Janz, 6-2, 6-2.
Results of nine first-round mixed
doubles tennis matches had been re
ported on the draw in the Women's
Gym by yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to Virginia Hobbs, tourna
ment director.
Those teams who have not played or
reported their first-round scores
must do so by Saturday, or they will
be defaulted.
First-round scores posted are as
follows:
Brooke-Ted Myers def. Leebrick-
Howk, default.
Teague - Ford def. Dreusike-
Rhoads, 6-2, 6-0.
M. Frank-Greenfield def. Beards
lee-Weinberg, 4-6, 6-4, 7-5.
Perren-Janz def. Pike-Rush, 6-1,
2-6, 6-1.
E. McCollem - Luthy def. Jackie
Roth and partner. 6-2, 1-6, 6-2.
M .Goldman - Adolph def. Green
berg-Stearns, 6-2, 6-2.
Sue Smith-Kabalin def. Soule-D.
Van Dyke, 6-2, 7-5.
Harrison-Luce def. B. J. King-
Stover, 6-0, 6-2.
Second round: Hobbs - Henschel
def. Perren-Janz, 6-2, 6-2.
Results of nine first-round mixed
doubles tennis matches had been re
ported on the draw in the Women's
Gym by yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to Virginia Hobbs, tourna
ment director.
Those teams who have not played or
reported their first-round scores
must do so by Saturday, or they will
be defaulted.
First-round scores posted are as
follows:
Brooke-Ted Myers def. Leebrick-
Howk, default.
Teague - Ford def. Dreusike-
Rhoads, 6-2, 6-0.
M. Frank-Greenfield def. Beards
lee-Weinberg, 4-6, 6-4, 7-5.
Perren-Janz def. Pike-Rush, 6-1,
2-6, 6-1.
E. McCollem - Luthy def. Jackie
Roth and partner. 6-2, 1-6, 6-2.
M .Goldman - Adolph def. Green
berg-Stearns, 6-2, 6-2.
Sue Smith-Kabalin def. Soule-D.
Van Dyke, 6-2, 7-5.
Harrison-Luce def. B. J. King-
Stover, 6-0, 6-2.
Second round: Hobbs - Henschel
def. Perren-Janz, 6-2, 6-2.
Results of nine first-round mixed
doubles tennis matches had been re
ported on the draw in the Women's
Gym by yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to Virginia Hobbs, tourna
ment director.
Those teams who have not played or
reported their first-round scores
must do so by Saturday, or they will
be defaulted.
First-round scores posted are as
follows:
Brooke-Ted Myers def. Leebrick-
Howk, default.
Teague - Ford def. Dreusike-
Rhoads, 6-2, 6-0.
M. Frank-Greenfield def. Beards
lee-Weinberg, 4-6, 6-4, 7-5.
Perren-Janz def. Pike-Rush, 6-1,
2-6, 6-1.
E. McCollem - Luthy def. Jackie
Roth and partner. 6-2, 1-6, 6-2.
M .Goldman - Adolph def. Green
berg-Stearns, 6-2, 6-2.
Sue Smith-Kabalin def. Soule-D.
Van Dyke, 6-2, 7-5.
Harrison-Luce def. B. J. King-
Stover, 6-0, 6-2.
Second round: Hobbs - Henschel
def. Perren-Janz, 6-2, 6-2.
Results of nine first-round mixed
doubles tennis matches had been re
ported on the draw in the Women's
Gym by yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to Virginia Hobbs, tourna
ment director.
Those teams who have not played or
reported their first-round scores
must do so by Saturday, or they will
be defaulted.
First-round scores posted are as
follows:
Brooke-Ted Myers def. Leebrick-
Howk, default.
Teague - Ford def. Dreusike-
Rhoads, 6-2, 6-0.
M. Frank-Greenfield def. Beards
lee-Weinberg, 4-6, 6-4, 7-5.
Perren-Janz def. Pike-Rush, 6-1,
2-6, 6-1.
E. McCollem - Luthy def. Jackie
Roth and partner. 6-2, 1-6, 6-2.
M .Goldman - Adolph def. Green
berg-Stearns, 6-2, 6-2.
Sue Smith-Kabalin def. Soule-D.
Van Dyke, 6-2, 7-5.
Harrison-Luce def. B. J. King-
Stover, 6-0, 6-2.
Second round: Hobbs - Henschel
def. Perren-Janz, 6-2, 6-2.
Results of nine first-round mixed
doubles tennis matches had been re
ported on the draw in the Women's
Gym by yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to Virginia Hobbs, tourna
ment director.
Those teams who have not played or
reported their first-round scores
must do so by Saturday, or they will
be defaulted.
First-round scores posted are as
follows:
Brooke-Ted Myers def. Leebrick-
Howk, default.
Teague - Ford def. Dreusike-
Rhoads, 6-2, 6-0.
M. Frank-Greenfield def. Beards
lee-Weinberg, 4-6, 6-4, 7-5.
Perren-Janz def. Pike-Rush, 6-1,
2-6, 6-1.
E. McCollem - Luthy def. Jackie
Roth and partner. 6-2, 1-6, 6-2.
M .Goldman - Adolph def. Green
berg-Stearns, 6-2, 6-2.
Sue Smith-Kabalin def. Soule-D.
Van Dyke, 6-2, 7-5.
Harrison-Luce def. B. J. King-
Stover, 6-0, 6-2.
Second round: Hobbs - Henschel
def. Perren-Janz, 6-2, 6-2.
Results of nine first-round mixed
doubles tennis matches had been re
ported on the draw in the Women's
Gym by yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to Virginia Hobbs, tourna
ment director.
Those teams who have not played or
reported their first-round scores
must do so by Saturday, or they will
be defaulted.
First-round scores posted are as
follows:
Brooke-Ted Myers def. Leebrick-
Howk, default.
Teague - Ford def. Dreusike-
Rhoads, 6-2, 6-0.
M. Frank-Greenfield def. Beards
lee-Weinberg, 4-6, 6-4, 7-5.
Perren-Janz def. Pike-Rush, 6-1,
2-6, 6-1.
E. McCollem - Luthy def. Jackie
Roth and partner. 6-2, 1-6, 6-2.
M .Goldman - Adolph def. Green
berg-Stearns, 6-2, 6-2.
Sue Smith-Kabalin def. Soule-D.
Van Dyke, 6-2, 7-5.
Harrison-Luce def. B. J. King-
Stover, 6-0, 6-2.
Second round: Hobbs - Henschel
def. Perren-Janz, 6-2, 6-2.
Results of nine first-round mixed
doubles tennis matches had been re
ported on the draw in the Women's
Gym by yesterday afternoon, ac
cording to Virginia Hobbs, tourna
ment director.
Those teams who have not played or
reported their first-round scores
must do so by Saturday, or they will
be defaulted.
First-round scores posted are as
follows:
Brooke-Ted Myers def. Leebrick-
Howk, default.
Teague - Ford def. Dreusike-
Rhoads, 6-2, 6-0.
M. Frank-Greenfield def. Beards
lee-Weinberg, 4-6, 6-4, 7-5.
Perren-Janz def. Pike-Rush, 6-1,
2-6, 6-1.
E. McCollem - Luthy def. Jackie
Roth and partner. 6-2, 1-6, 6-2.
M .Goldman - Adolph def. Green
berg-Stearns, 6-2, 6-2.
Sue Smith-Kabalin def. Soule-D.
Van Dyke, 6-2, 7-5.
Harrison-Luce def. B. J. King-
Stover, 6-0, 6-2.
Second round: Hobbs - Henschel
def. Perren-Janz, 6-2, 6-2.
