# Adv. 11 Page 6
## 
### 
;i Jo a sis
<| relaxing ! [
J i atmosphere J!
|! 326-8896 !;
'J 241 0 Camino \
11 Menio Park J»
j I Visit j I
(J THE BOARD WALK
J, 4940 EL CAMINO !l
LOSALTOS >
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, il you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light Industries [plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eaual Opportunity Employer
4L ■
llhomas
Jemporarles
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
VL " w A& J)
;i Jo a sis
<| relaxing ! [
J i atmosphere J!
|! 326-8896 !;
'J 241 0 Camino \
11 Menio Park J»
j I Visit j I
(J THE BOARD WALK
J, 4940 EL CAMINO !l
LOSALTOS >
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, il you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light Industries [plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eaual Opportunity Employer
4L ■
llhomas
Jemporarles
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
VL " w A& J)
;i Jo a sis
<| relaxing ! [
J i atmosphere J!
|! 326-8896 !;
'J 241 0 Camino \
11 Menio Park J»
j I Visit j I
(J THE BOARD WALK
J, 4940 EL CAMINO !l
LOSALTOS >
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, il you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light Industries [plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eaual Opportunity Employer
4L ■
llhomas
Jemporarles
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
VL " w A& J)
;i Jo a sis
<| relaxing ! [
J i atmosphere J!
|! 326-8896 !;
'J 241 0 Camino \
11 Menio Park J»
j I Visit j I
(J THE BOARD WALK
J, 4940 EL CAMINO !l
LOSALTOS >
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, il you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light Industries [plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eaual Opportunity Employer
4L ■
llhomas
Jemporarles
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
VL " w A& J)
;i Jo a sis
<| relaxing ! [
J i atmosphere J!
|! 326-8896 !;
'J 241 0 Camino \
11 Menio Park J»
j I Visit j I
(J THE BOARD WALK
J, 4940 EL CAMINO !l
LOSALTOS >
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, il you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light Industries [plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eaual Opportunity Employer
4L ■
llhomas
Jemporarles
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
VL " w A& J)
;i Jo a sis
<| relaxing ! [
J i atmosphere J!
|! 326-8896 !;
'J 241 0 Camino \
11 Menio Park J»
j I Visit j I
(J THE BOARD WALK
J, 4940 EL CAMINO !l
LOSALTOS >
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, il you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light Industries [plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eaual Opportunity Employer
4L ■
llhomas
Jemporarles
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
VL " w A& J)
;i Jo a sis
<| relaxing ! [
J i atmosphere J!
|! 326-8896 !;
'J 241 0 Camino \
11 Menio Park J»
j I Visit j I
(J THE BOARD WALK
J, 4940 EL CAMINO !l
LOSALTOS >
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, il you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light Industries [plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eaual Opportunity Employer
4L ■
llhomas
Jemporarles
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
VL " w A& J)
;i Jo a sis
<| relaxing ! [
J i atmosphere J!
|! 326-8896 !;
'J 241 0 Camino \
11 Menio Park J»
j I Visit j I
(J THE BOARD WALK
J, 4940 EL CAMINO !l
LOSALTOS >
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, il you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light Industries [plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eaual Opportunity Employer
4L ■
llhomas
Jemporarles
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
VL " w A& J)
;i Jo a sis
<| relaxing ! [
J i atmosphere J!
|! 326-8896 !;
'J 241 0 Camino \
11 Menio Park J»
j I Visit j I
(J THE BOARD WALK
J, 4940 EL CAMINO !l
LOSALTOS >
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, il you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light Industries [plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eaual Opportunity Employer
4L ■
llhomas
Jemporarles
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
VL " w A& J)
;i Jo a sis
<| relaxing ! [
J i atmosphere J!
|! 326-8896 !;
'J 241 0 Camino \
11 Menio Park J»
j I Visit j I
(J THE BOARD WALK
J, 4940 EL CAMINO !l
LOSALTOS >
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, il you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light Industries [plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eaual Opportunity Employer
4L ■
llhomas
Jemporarles
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
VL " w A& J)
;i Jo a sis
<| relaxing ! [
J i atmosphere J!
|! 326-8896 !;
'J 241 0 Camino \
11 Menio Park J»
j I Visit j I
(J THE BOARD WALK
J, 4940 EL CAMINO !l
LOSALTOS >
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, il you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light Industries [plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eaual Opportunity Employer
4L ■
llhomas
Jemporarles
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
VL " w A& J)
;i Jo a sis
<| relaxing ! [
J i atmosphere J!
|! 326-8896 !;
'J 241 0 Camino \
11 Menio Park J»
j I Visit j I
(J THE BOARD WALK
J, 4940 EL CAMINO !l
LOSALTOS >
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, il you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light Industries [plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eaual Opportunity Employer
4L ■
llhomas
Jemporarles
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
VL " w A& J)
;i Jo a sis
<| relaxing ! [
J i atmosphere J!
|! 326-8896 !;
'J 241 0 Camino \
11 Menio Park J»
j I Visit j I
(J THE BOARD WALK
J, 4940 EL CAMINO !l
LOSALTOS >
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, il you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light Industries [plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eaual Opportunity Employer
4L ■
llhomas
Jemporarles
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
VL " w A& J)
;i Jo a sis
<| relaxing ! [
J i atmosphere J!
|! 326-8896 !;
'J 241 0 Camino \
11 Menio Park J»
j I Visit j I
(J THE BOARD WALK
J, 4940 EL CAMINO !l
LOSALTOS >
vm
Immediate openings for you
if you are experienced in
office skills, il you are
between /obs, returning to
the working world, retired,
but still active or need
extra money l
We also need workers for
light Industries [plant,
factory, warehouse]
TOP PAY NO FEE
Eaual Opportunity Employer
4L ■
llhomas
Jemporarles
Town and Country
Vilage
Palo Alto
328-0300 —
VL " w A& J)
