# CAPTAIN McCLASKEY WILL INSPECT LOCAL COMPANY.
## 
### 
This evening the members of Co.
"L" in Palo Alto, which includes a
number of Stanford students, will un
der-go a preliminary inspection in
prepartion for the Annual Muster con
ducted by the War Department. The
Inspecting officer will be Capt. .1. W.
McClaskey (retired) of the 11. S. Ma
rine Corps.
After the drill period is concluded,
Captain McClaskey will give a short
talk on Aviation and the Hydro-planes.
The members of Co. "L" invite those
interested in Aviation to attend. The
inspection will be concluded at 8:45
p.m., when Captain McClaskey will
speak.
This evening the members of Co.
"L" in Palo Alto, which includes a
number of Stanford students, will un
der-go a preliminary inspection in
prepartion for the Annual Muster con
ducted by the War Department. The
Inspecting officer will be Capt. .1. W.
McClaskey (retired) of the 11. S. Ma
rine Corps.
After the drill period is concluded,
Captain McClaskey will give a short
talk on Aviation and the Hydro-planes.
The members of Co. "L" invite those
interested in Aviation to attend. The
inspection will be concluded at 8:45
p.m., when Captain McClaskey will
speak.
This evening the members of Co.
"L" in Palo Alto, which includes a
number of Stanford students, will un
der-go a preliminary inspection in
prepartion for the Annual Muster con
ducted by the War Department. The
Inspecting officer will be Capt. .1. W.
McClaskey (retired) of the 11. S. Ma
rine Corps.
After the drill period is concluded,
Captain McClaskey will give a short
talk on Aviation and the Hydro-planes.
The members of Co. "L" invite those
interested in Aviation to attend. The
inspection will be concluded at 8:45
p.m., when Captain McClaskey will
speak.
This evening the members of Co.
"L" in Palo Alto, which includes a
number of Stanford students, will un
der-go a preliminary inspection in
prepartion for the Annual Muster con
ducted by the War Department. The
Inspecting officer will be Capt. .1. W.
McClaskey (retired) of the 11. S. Ma
rine Corps.
After the drill period is concluded,
Captain McClaskey will give a short
talk on Aviation and the Hydro-planes.
The members of Co. "L" invite those
interested in Aviation to attend. The
inspection will be concluded at 8:45
p.m., when Captain McClaskey will
speak.
This evening the members of Co.
"L" in Palo Alto, which includes a
number of Stanford students, will un
der-go a preliminary inspection in
prepartion for the Annual Muster con
ducted by the War Department. The
Inspecting officer will be Capt. .1. W.
McClaskey (retired) of the 11. S. Ma
rine Corps.
After the drill period is concluded,
Captain McClaskey will give a short
talk on Aviation and the Hydro-planes.
The members of Co. "L" invite those
interested in Aviation to attend. The
inspection will be concluded at 8:45
p.m., when Captain McClaskey will
speak.
This evening the members of Co.
"L" in Palo Alto, which includes a
number of Stanford students, will un
der-go a preliminary inspection in
prepartion for the Annual Muster con
ducted by the War Department. The
Inspecting officer will be Capt. .1. W.
McClaskey (retired) of the 11. S. Ma
rine Corps.
After the drill period is concluded,
Captain McClaskey will give a short
talk on Aviation and the Hydro-planes.
The members of Co. "L" invite those
interested in Aviation to attend. The
inspection will be concluded at 8:45
p.m., when Captain McClaskey will
speak.
This evening the members of Co.
"L" in Palo Alto, which includes a
number of Stanford students, will un
der-go a preliminary inspection in
prepartion for the Annual Muster con
ducted by the War Department. The
Inspecting officer will be Capt. .1. W.
McClaskey (retired) of the 11. S. Ma
rine Corps.
After the drill period is concluded,
Captain McClaskey will give a short
talk on Aviation and the Hydro-planes.
The members of Co. "L" invite those
interested in Aviation to attend. The
inspection will be concluded at 8:45
p.m., when Captain McClaskey will
speak.
This evening the members of Co.
"L" in Palo Alto, which includes a
number of Stanford students, will un
der-go a preliminary inspection in
prepartion for the Annual Muster con
ducted by the War Department. The
Inspecting officer will be Capt. .1. W.
McClaskey (retired) of the 11. S. Ma
rine Corps.
After the drill period is concluded,
Captain McClaskey will give a short
talk on Aviation and the Hydro-planes.
The members of Co. "L" invite those
interested in Aviation to attend. The
inspection will be concluded at 8:45
p.m., when Captain McClaskey will
speak.
This evening the members of Co.
"L" in Palo Alto, which includes a
number of Stanford students, will un
der-go a preliminary inspection in
prepartion for the Annual Muster con
ducted by the War Department. The
Inspecting officer will be Capt. .1. W.
McClaskey (retired) of the 11. S. Ma
rine Corps.
After the drill period is concluded,
Captain McClaskey will give a short
talk on Aviation and the Hydro-planes.
The members of Co. "L" invite those
interested in Aviation to attend. The
inspection will be concluded at 8:45
p.m., when Captain McClaskey will
speak.
This evening the members of Co.
"L" in Palo Alto, which includes a
number of Stanford students, will un
der-go a preliminary inspection in
prepartion for the Annual Muster con
ducted by the War Department. The
Inspecting officer will be Capt. .1. W.
McClaskey (retired) of the 11. S. Ma
rine Corps.
After the drill period is concluded,
Captain McClaskey will give a short
talk on Aviation and the Hydro-planes.
The members of Co. "L" invite those
interested in Aviation to attend. The
inspection will be concluded at 8:45
p.m., when Captain McClaskey will
speak.
This evening the members of Co.
"L" in Palo Alto, which includes a
number of Stanford students, will un
der-go a preliminary inspection in
prepartion for the Annual Muster con
ducted by the War Department. The
Inspecting officer will be Capt. .1. W.
McClaskey (retired) of the 11. S. Ma
rine Corps.
After the drill period is concluded,
Captain McClaskey will give a short
talk on Aviation and the Hydro-planes.
The members of Co. "L" invite those
interested in Aviation to attend. The
inspection will be concluded at 8:45
p.m., when Captain McClaskey will
speak.
This evening the members of Co.
"L" in Palo Alto, which includes a
number of Stanford students, will un
der-go a preliminary inspection in
prepartion for the Annual Muster con
ducted by the War Department. The
Inspecting officer will be Capt. .1. W.
McClaskey (retired) of the 11. S. Ma
rine Corps.
After the drill period is concluded,
Captain McClaskey will give a short
talk on Aviation and the Hydro-planes.
The members of Co. "L" invite those
interested in Aviation to attend. The
inspection will be concluded at 8:45
p.m., when Captain McClaskey will
speak.
This evening the members of Co.
"L" in Palo Alto, which includes a
number of Stanford students, will un
der-go a preliminary inspection in
prepartion for the Annual Muster con
ducted by the War Department. The
Inspecting officer will be Capt. .1. W.
McClaskey (retired) of the 11. S. Ma
rine Corps.
After the drill period is concluded,
Captain McClaskey will give a short
talk on Aviation and the Hydro-planes.
The members of Co. "L" invite those
interested in Aviation to attend. The
inspection will be concluded at 8:45
p.m., when Captain McClaskey will
speak.
This evening the members of Co.
"L" in Palo Alto, which includes a
number of Stanford students, will un
der-go a preliminary inspection in
prepartion for the Annual Muster con
ducted by the War Department. The
Inspecting officer will be Capt. .1. W.
McClaskey (retired) of the 11. S. Ma
rine Corps.
After the drill period is concluded,
Captain McClaskey will give a short
talk on Aviation and the Hydro-planes.
The members of Co. "L" invite those
interested in Aviation to attend. The
inspection will be concluded at 8:45
p.m., when Captain McClaskey will
speak.
