# Band Gives Regular Concert.
## 
### 
The band save its regular concert
yesterday afternoon in the Encina
club room which was selected on ac
count of the rain.
The band save its regular concert
yesterday afternoon in the Encina
club room which was selected on ac
count of the rain.
The band save its regular concert
yesterday afternoon in the Encina
club room which was selected on ac
count of the rain.
The band save its regular concert
yesterday afternoon in the Encina
club room which was selected on ac
count of the rain.
The band save its regular concert
yesterday afternoon in the Encina
club room which was selected on ac
count of the rain.
The band save its regular concert
yesterday afternoon in the Encina
club room which was selected on ac
count of the rain.
The band save its regular concert
yesterday afternoon in the Encina
club room which was selected on ac
count of the rain.
The band save its regular concert
yesterday afternoon in the Encina
club room which was selected on ac
count of the rain.
The band save its regular concert
yesterday afternoon in the Encina
club room which was selected on ac
count of the rain.
The band save its regular concert
yesterday afternoon in the Encina
club room which was selected on ac
count of the rain.
The band save its regular concert
yesterday afternoon in the Encina
club room which was selected on ac
count of the rain.
The band save its regular concert
yesterday afternoon in the Encina
club room which was selected on ac
count of the rain.
The band save its regular concert
yesterday afternoon in the Encina
club room which was selected on ac
count of the rain.
The band save its regular concert
yesterday afternoon in the Encina
club room which was selected on ac
count of the rain.
