# A.S.U. Scores Finnish Relief
## Bulletin Advocates Help for Americans 
### 
Condemning the proposed Stanford
Finnish Belief drive and strongly
advocating in its place "American
Relief for Americans First," Bulletin
Number 2 of the Stanford Sentinel,
published by the Stanford American
Student Union, was distributed yes
terday.
Issued at the height of the current
controversy between Excom and
campus Finnish Relief Fund pro
ponents, the timely organ lists in
parallel columns ex-President Her
bert Hoover's Finnish Relief appeal,
and Hoover's alleged statements dur
ing the great Russian famine, as al
legedly reported in the "People's
Lobby Bulletin," January, 1940.
REPORTED STATEMENT
Mr. Hoover, when approached for |
help in organizing Russian aid, is
reported as replying as follows: "No,
I won't help. I'll oppose. It is the
height of my ambition to crush out.
the Soviet form of government and
everything it represents." The Sen
tinel further states that he w.'ls
asked ,"Even if il means hundreds of
thousands of children?" "Yes," he
replied.
Under the title, "Relief . . . For!
Whom?" the Sentinel states, "If the ;
American people were being given a
choice between giving relief for deso
late Finns or for starving Americans,!
there is no doubt which way they
would choose. But they are not be
ing given any choice. On the one
hand, we arc being subjected to an
intensive campaign for funds for
Finland —even to invading the cam
pus; on the other hand, our elected
representatives in the national gov
ernment are cutting relief for Amer
icans at every available source."
EXCOM SUPPORTED
Following a reprint of a letter
written by Theodore Dreiser, author,
declining aid to Finnish Relief and
advocating relief for Americans, the
Sentinel concludes:
"We agree with the stand of the
Exeomiiiitt.ec of the Students of
Stanford University that a good slo
gan to follow is: American Relief for
Americans First!"


KEN CUTHBERTSON
Finnish Relief Confab
Condemning the proposed Stanford
Finnish Belief drive and strongly
advocating in its place "American
Relief for Americans First," Bulletin
Number 2 of the Stanford Sentinel,
published by the Stanford American
Student Union, was distributed yes
terday.
Issued at the height of the current
controversy between Excom and
campus Finnish Relief Fund pro
ponents, the timely organ lists in
parallel columns ex-President Her
bert Hoover's Finnish Relief appeal,
and Hoover's alleged statements dur
ing the great Russian famine, as al
legedly reported in the "People's
Lobby Bulletin," January, 1940.
REPORTED STATEMENT
Mr. Hoover, when approached for |
help in organizing Russian aid, is
reported as replying as follows: "No,
I won't help. I'll oppose. It is the
height of my ambition to crush out.
the Soviet form of government and
everything it represents." The Sen
tinel further states that he w.'ls
asked ,"Even if il means hundreds of
thousands of children?" "Yes," he
replied.
Under the title, "Relief . . . For!
Whom?" the Sentinel states, "If the ;
American people were being given a
choice between giving relief for deso
late Finns or for starving Americans,!
there is no doubt which way they
would choose. But they are not be
ing given any choice. On the one
hand, we arc being subjected to an
intensive campaign for funds for
Finland —even to invading the cam
pus; on the other hand, our elected
representatives in the national gov
ernment are cutting relief for Amer
icans at every available source."
EXCOM SUPPORTED
Following a reprint of a letter
written by Theodore Dreiser, author,
declining aid to Finnish Relief and
advocating relief for Americans, the
Sentinel concludes:
"We agree with the stand of the
Exeomiiiitt.ec of the Students of
Stanford University that a good slo
gan to follow is: American Relief for
Americans First!"


KEN CUTHBERTSON
Finnish Relief Confab
Condemning the proposed Stanford
Finnish Belief drive and strongly
advocating in its place "American
Relief for Americans First," Bulletin
Number 2 of the Stanford Sentinel,
published by the Stanford American
Student Union, was distributed yes
terday.
Issued at the height of the current
controversy between Excom and
campus Finnish Relief Fund pro
ponents, the timely organ lists in
parallel columns ex-President Her
bert Hoover's Finnish Relief appeal,
and Hoover's alleged statements dur
ing the great Russian famine, as al
legedly reported in the "People's
Lobby Bulletin," January, 1940.
REPORTED STATEMENT
Mr. Hoover, when approached for |
help in organizing Russian aid, is
reported as replying as follows: "No,
I won't help. I'll oppose. It is the
height of my ambition to crush out.
the Soviet form of government and
everything it represents." The Sen
tinel further states that he w.'ls
asked ,"Even if il means hundreds of
thousands of children?" "Yes," he
replied.
Under the title, "Relief . . . For!
Whom?" the Sentinel states, "If the ;
American people were being given a
choice between giving relief for deso
late Finns or for starving Americans,!
there is no doubt which way they
would choose. But they are not be
ing given any choice. On the one
hand, we arc being subjected to an
intensive campaign for funds for
Finland —even to invading the cam
pus; on the other hand, our elected
representatives in the national gov
ernment are cutting relief for Amer
icans at every available source."
EXCOM SUPPORTED
Following a reprint of a letter
written by Theodore Dreiser, author,
declining aid to Finnish Relief and
advocating relief for Americans, the
Sentinel concludes:
"We agree with the stand of the
Exeomiiiitt.ec of the Students of
Stanford University that a good slo
gan to follow is: American Relief for
Americans First!"


KEN CUTHBERTSON
Finnish Relief Confab
Condemning the proposed Stanford
Finnish Belief drive and strongly
advocating in its place "American
Relief for Americans First," Bulletin
Number 2 of the Stanford Sentinel,
published by the Stanford American
Student Union, was distributed yes
terday.
Issued at the height of the current
controversy between Excom and
campus Finnish Relief Fund pro
ponents, the timely organ lists in
parallel columns ex-President Her
bert Hoover's Finnish Relief appeal,
and Hoover's alleged statements dur
ing the great Russian famine, as al
legedly reported in the "People's
Lobby Bulletin," January, 1940.
REPORTED STATEMENT
Mr. Hoover, when approached for |
help in organizing Russian aid, is
reported as replying as follows: "No,
I won't help. I'll oppose. It is the
height of my ambition to crush out.
the Soviet form of government and
everything it represents." The Sen
tinel further states that he w.'ls
asked ,"Even if il means hundreds of
thousands of children?" "Yes," he
replied.
Under the title, "Relief . . . For!
Whom?" the Sentinel states, "If the ;
American people were being given a
choice between giving relief for deso
late Finns or for starving Americans,!
there is no doubt which way they
would choose. But they are not be
ing given any choice. On the one
hand, we arc being subjected to an
intensive campaign for funds for
Finland —even to invading the cam
pus; on the other hand, our elected
representatives in the national gov
ernment are cutting relief for Amer
icans at every available source."
EXCOM SUPPORTED
Following a reprint of a letter
written by Theodore Dreiser, author,
declining aid to Finnish Relief and
advocating relief for Americans, the
Sentinel concludes:
"We agree with the stand of the
Exeomiiiitt.ec of the Students of
Stanford University that a good slo
gan to follow is: American Relief for
Americans First!"


KEN CUTHBERTSON
Finnish Relief Confab
Condemning the proposed Stanford
Finnish Belief drive and strongly
advocating in its place "American
Relief for Americans First," Bulletin
Number 2 of the Stanford Sentinel,
published by the Stanford American
Student Union, was distributed yes
terday.
Issued at the height of the current
controversy between Excom and
campus Finnish Relief Fund pro
ponents, the timely organ lists in
parallel columns ex-President Her
bert Hoover's Finnish Relief appeal,
and Hoover's alleged statements dur
ing the great Russian famine, as al
legedly reported in the "People's
Lobby Bulletin," January, 1940.
REPORTED STATEMENT
Mr. Hoover, when approached for |
help in organizing Russian aid, is
reported as replying as follows: "No,
I won't help. I'll oppose. It is the
height of my ambition to crush out.
the Soviet form of government and
everything it represents." The Sen
tinel further states that he w.'ls
asked ,"Even if il means hundreds of
thousands of children?" "Yes," he
replied.
Under the title, "Relief . . . For!
Whom?" the Sentinel states, "If the ;
American people were being given a
choice between giving relief for deso
late Finns or for starving Americans,!
there is no doubt which way they
would choose. But they are not be
ing given any choice. On the one
hand, we arc being subjected to an
intensive campaign for funds for
Finland —even to invading the cam
pus; on the other hand, our elected
representatives in the national gov
ernment are cutting relief for Amer
icans at every available source."
EXCOM SUPPORTED
Following a reprint of a letter
written by Theodore Dreiser, author,
declining aid to Finnish Relief and
advocating relief for Americans, the
Sentinel concludes:
"We agree with the stand of the
Exeomiiiitt.ec of the Students of
Stanford University that a good slo
gan to follow is: American Relief for
Americans First!"


KEN CUTHBERTSON
Finnish Relief Confab
Condemning the proposed Stanford
Finnish Belief drive and strongly
advocating in its place "American
Relief for Americans First," Bulletin
Number 2 of the Stanford Sentinel,
published by the Stanford American
Student Union, was distributed yes
terday.
Issued at the height of the current
controversy between Excom and
campus Finnish Relief Fund pro
ponents, the timely organ lists in
parallel columns ex-President Her
bert Hoover's Finnish Relief appeal,
and Hoover's alleged statements dur
ing the great Russian famine, as al
legedly reported in the "People's
Lobby Bulletin," January, 1940.
REPORTED STATEMENT
Mr. Hoover, when approached for |
help in organizing Russian aid, is
reported as replying as follows: "No,
I won't help. I'll oppose. It is the
height of my ambition to crush out.
the Soviet form of government and
everything it represents." The Sen
tinel further states that he w.'ls
asked ,"Even if il means hundreds of
thousands of children?" "Yes," he
replied.
Under the title, "Relief . . . For!
Whom?" the Sentinel states, "If the ;
American people were being given a
choice between giving relief for deso
late Finns or for starving Americans,!
there is no doubt which way they
would choose. But they are not be
ing given any choice. On the one
hand, we arc being subjected to an
intensive campaign for funds for
Finland —even to invading the cam
pus; on the other hand, our elected
representatives in the national gov
ernment are cutting relief for Amer
icans at every available source."
EXCOM SUPPORTED
Following a reprint of a letter
written by Theodore Dreiser, author,
declining aid to Finnish Relief and
advocating relief for Americans, the
Sentinel concludes:
"We agree with the stand of the
Exeomiiiitt.ec of the Students of
Stanford University that a good slo
gan to follow is: American Relief for
Americans First!"


KEN CUTHBERTSON
Finnish Relief Confab
Condemning the proposed Stanford
Finnish Belief drive and strongly
advocating in its place "American
Relief for Americans First," Bulletin
Number 2 of the Stanford Sentinel,
published by the Stanford American
Student Union, was distributed yes
terday.
Issued at the height of the current
controversy between Excom and
campus Finnish Relief Fund pro
ponents, the timely organ lists in
parallel columns ex-President Her
bert Hoover's Finnish Relief appeal,
and Hoover's alleged statements dur
ing the great Russian famine, as al
legedly reported in the "People's
Lobby Bulletin," January, 1940.
REPORTED STATEMENT
Mr. Hoover, when approached for |
help in organizing Russian aid, is
reported as replying as follows: "No,
I won't help. I'll oppose. It is the
height of my ambition to crush out.
the Soviet form of government and
everything it represents." The Sen
tinel further states that he w.'ls
asked ,"Even if il means hundreds of
thousands of children?" "Yes," he
replied.
Under the title, "Relief . . . For!
Whom?" the Sentinel states, "If the ;
American people were being given a
choice between giving relief for deso
late Finns or for starving Americans,!
there is no doubt which way they
would choose. But they are not be
ing given any choice. On the one
hand, we arc being subjected to an
intensive campaign for funds for
Finland —even to invading the cam
pus; on the other hand, our elected
representatives in the national gov
ernment are cutting relief for Amer
icans at every available source."
EXCOM SUPPORTED
Following a reprint of a letter
written by Theodore Dreiser, author,
declining aid to Finnish Relief and
advocating relief for Americans, the
Sentinel concludes:
"We agree with the stand of the
Exeomiiiitt.ec of the Students of
Stanford University that a good slo
gan to follow is: American Relief for
Americans First!"


KEN CUTHBERTSON
Finnish Relief Confab
Condemning the proposed Stanford
Finnish Belief drive and strongly
advocating in its place "American
Relief for Americans First," Bulletin
Number 2 of the Stanford Sentinel,
published by the Stanford American
Student Union, was distributed yes
terday.
Issued at the height of the current
controversy between Excom and
campus Finnish Relief Fund pro
ponents, the timely organ lists in
parallel columns ex-President Her
bert Hoover's Finnish Relief appeal,
and Hoover's alleged statements dur
ing the great Russian famine, as al
legedly reported in the "People's
Lobby Bulletin," January, 1940.
REPORTED STATEMENT
Mr. Hoover, when approached for |
help in organizing Russian aid, is
reported as replying as follows: "No,
I won't help. I'll oppose. It is the
height of my ambition to crush out.
the Soviet form of government and
everything it represents." The Sen
tinel further states that he w.'ls
asked ,"Even if il means hundreds of
thousands of children?" "Yes," he
replied.
Under the title, "Relief . . . For!
Whom?" the Sentinel states, "If the ;
American people were being given a
choice between giving relief for deso
late Finns or for starving Americans,!
there is no doubt which way they
would choose. But they are not be
ing given any choice. On the one
hand, we arc being subjected to an
intensive campaign for funds for
Finland —even to invading the cam
pus; on the other hand, our elected
representatives in the national gov
ernment are cutting relief for Amer
icans at every available source."
EXCOM SUPPORTED
Following a reprint of a letter
written by Theodore Dreiser, author,
declining aid to Finnish Relief and
advocating relief for Americans, the
Sentinel concludes:
"We agree with the stand of the
Exeomiiiitt.ec of the Students of
Stanford University that a good slo
gan to follow is: American Relief for
Americans First!"


KEN CUTHBERTSON
Finnish Relief Confab
Condemning the proposed Stanford
Finnish Belief drive and strongly
advocating in its place "American
Relief for Americans First," Bulletin
Number 2 of the Stanford Sentinel,
published by the Stanford American
Student Union, was distributed yes
terday.
Issued at the height of the current
controversy between Excom and
campus Finnish Relief Fund pro
ponents, the timely organ lists in
parallel columns ex-President Her
bert Hoover's Finnish Relief appeal,
and Hoover's alleged statements dur
ing the great Russian famine, as al
legedly reported in the "People's
Lobby Bulletin," January, 1940.
REPORTED STATEMENT
Mr. Hoover, when approached for |
help in organizing Russian aid, is
reported as replying as follows: "No,
I won't help. I'll oppose. It is the
height of my ambition to crush out.
the Soviet form of government and
everything it represents." The Sen
tinel further states that he w.'ls
asked ,"Even if il means hundreds of
thousands of children?" "Yes," he
replied.
Under the title, "Relief . . . For!
Whom?" the Sentinel states, "If the ;
American people were being given a
choice between giving relief for deso
late Finns or for starving Americans,!
there is no doubt which way they
would choose. But they are not be
ing given any choice. On the one
hand, we arc being subjected to an
intensive campaign for funds for
Finland —even to invading the cam
pus; on the other hand, our elected
representatives in the national gov
ernment are cutting relief for Amer
icans at every available source."
EXCOM SUPPORTED
Following a reprint of a letter
written by Theodore Dreiser, author,
declining aid to Finnish Relief and
advocating relief for Americans, the
Sentinel concludes:
"We agree with the stand of the
Exeomiiiitt.ec of the Students of
Stanford University that a good slo
gan to follow is: American Relief for
Americans First!"


KEN CUTHBERTSON
Finnish Relief Confab
Condemning the proposed Stanford
Finnish Belief drive and strongly
advocating in its place "American
Relief for Americans First," Bulletin
Number 2 of the Stanford Sentinel,
published by the Stanford American
Student Union, was distributed yes
terday.
Issued at the height of the current
controversy between Excom and
campus Finnish Relief Fund pro
ponents, the timely organ lists in
parallel columns ex-President Her
bert Hoover's Finnish Relief appeal,
and Hoover's alleged statements dur
ing the great Russian famine, as al
legedly reported in the "People's
Lobby Bulletin," January, 1940.
REPORTED STATEMENT
Mr. Hoover, when approached for |
help in organizing Russian aid, is
reported as replying as follows: "No,
I won't help. I'll oppose. It is the
height of my ambition to crush out.
the Soviet form of government and
everything it represents." The Sen
tinel further states that he w.'ls
asked ,"Even if il means hundreds of
thousands of children?" "Yes," he
replied.
Under the title, "Relief . . . For!
Whom?" the Sentinel states, "If the ;
American people were being given a
choice between giving relief for deso
late Finns or for starving Americans,!
there is no doubt which way they
would choose. But they are not be
ing given any choice. On the one
hand, we arc being subjected to an
intensive campaign for funds for
Finland —even to invading the cam
pus; on the other hand, our elected
representatives in the national gov
ernment are cutting relief for Amer
icans at every available source."
EXCOM SUPPORTED
Following a reprint of a letter
written by Theodore Dreiser, author,
declining aid to Finnish Relief and
advocating relief for Americans, the
Sentinel concludes:
"We agree with the stand of the
Exeomiiiitt.ec of the Students of
Stanford University that a good slo
gan to follow is: American Relief for
Americans First!"


KEN CUTHBERTSON
Finnish Relief Confab
Condemning the proposed Stanford
Finnish Belief drive and strongly
advocating in its place "American
Relief for Americans First," Bulletin
Number 2 of the Stanford Sentinel,
published by the Stanford American
Student Union, was distributed yes
terday.
Issued at the height of the current
controversy between Excom and
campus Finnish Relief Fund pro
ponents, the timely organ lists in
parallel columns ex-President Her
bert Hoover's Finnish Relief appeal,
and Hoover's alleged statements dur
ing the great Russian famine, as al
legedly reported in the "People's
Lobby Bulletin," January, 1940.
REPORTED STATEMENT
Mr. Hoover, when approached for |
help in organizing Russian aid, is
reported as replying as follows: "No,
I won't help. I'll oppose. It is the
height of my ambition to crush out.
the Soviet form of government and
everything it represents." The Sen
tinel further states that he w.'ls
asked ,"Even if il means hundreds of
thousands of children?" "Yes," he
replied.
Under the title, "Relief . . . For!
Whom?" the Sentinel states, "If the ;
American people were being given a
choice between giving relief for deso
late Finns or for starving Americans,!
there is no doubt which way they
would choose. But they are not be
ing given any choice. On the one
hand, we arc being subjected to an
intensive campaign for funds for
Finland —even to invading the cam
pus; on the other hand, our elected
representatives in the national gov
ernment are cutting relief for Amer
icans at every available source."
EXCOM SUPPORTED
Following a reprint of a letter
written by Theodore Dreiser, author,
declining aid to Finnish Relief and
advocating relief for Americans, the
Sentinel concludes:
"We agree with the stand of the
Exeomiiiitt.ec of the Students of
Stanford University that a good slo
gan to follow is: American Relief for
Americans First!"


KEN CUTHBERTSON
Finnish Relief Confab
Condemning the proposed Stanford
Finnish Belief drive and strongly
advocating in its place "American
Relief for Americans First," Bulletin
Number 2 of the Stanford Sentinel,
published by the Stanford American
Student Union, was distributed yes
terday.
Issued at the height of the current
controversy between Excom and
campus Finnish Relief Fund pro
ponents, the timely organ lists in
parallel columns ex-President Her
bert Hoover's Finnish Relief appeal,
and Hoover's alleged statements dur
ing the great Russian famine, as al
legedly reported in the "People's
Lobby Bulletin," January, 1940.
REPORTED STATEMENT
Mr. Hoover, when approached for |
help in organizing Russian aid, is
reported as replying as follows: "No,
I won't help. I'll oppose. It is the
height of my ambition to crush out.
the Soviet form of government and
everything it represents." The Sen
tinel further states that he w.'ls
asked ,"Even if il means hundreds of
thousands of children?" "Yes," he
replied.
Under the title, "Relief . . . For!
Whom?" the Sentinel states, "If the ;
American people were being given a
choice between giving relief for deso
late Finns or for starving Americans,!
there is no doubt which way they
would choose. But they are not be
ing given any choice. On the one
hand, we arc being subjected to an
intensive campaign for funds for
Finland —even to invading the cam
pus; on the other hand, our elected
representatives in the national gov
ernment are cutting relief for Amer
icans at every available source."
EXCOM SUPPORTED
Following a reprint of a letter
written by Theodore Dreiser, author,
declining aid to Finnish Relief and
advocating relief for Americans, the
Sentinel concludes:
"We agree with the stand of the
Exeomiiiitt.ec of the Students of
Stanford University that a good slo
gan to follow is: American Relief for
Americans First!"


KEN CUTHBERTSON
Finnish Relief Confab
Condemning the proposed Stanford
Finnish Belief drive and strongly
advocating in its place "American
Relief for Americans First," Bulletin
Number 2 of the Stanford Sentinel,
published by the Stanford American
Student Union, was distributed yes
terday.
Issued at the height of the current
controversy between Excom and
campus Finnish Relief Fund pro
ponents, the timely organ lists in
parallel columns ex-President Her
bert Hoover's Finnish Relief appeal,
and Hoover's alleged statements dur
ing the great Russian famine, as al
legedly reported in the "People's
Lobby Bulletin," January, 1940.
REPORTED STATEMENT
Mr. Hoover, when approached for |
help in organizing Russian aid, is
reported as replying as follows: "No,
I won't help. I'll oppose. It is the
height of my ambition to crush out.
the Soviet form of government and
everything it represents." The Sen
tinel further states that he w.'ls
asked ,"Even if il means hundreds of
thousands of children?" "Yes," he
replied.
Under the title, "Relief . . . For!
Whom?" the Sentinel states, "If the ;
American people were being given a
choice between giving relief for deso
late Finns or for starving Americans,!
there is no doubt which way they
would choose. But they are not be
ing given any choice. On the one
hand, we arc being subjected to an
intensive campaign for funds for
Finland —even to invading the cam
pus; on the other hand, our elected
representatives in the national gov
ernment are cutting relief for Amer
icans at every available source."
EXCOM SUPPORTED
Following a reprint of a letter
written by Theodore Dreiser, author,
declining aid to Finnish Relief and
advocating relief for Americans, the
Sentinel concludes:
"We agree with the stand of the
Exeomiiiitt.ec of the Students of
Stanford University that a good slo
gan to follow is: American Relief for
Americans First!"


KEN CUTHBERTSON
Finnish Relief Confab
Condemning the proposed Stanford
Finnish Belief drive and strongly
advocating in its place "American
Relief for Americans First," Bulletin
Number 2 of the Stanford Sentinel,
published by the Stanford American
Student Union, was distributed yes
terday.
Issued at the height of the current
controversy between Excom and
campus Finnish Relief Fund pro
ponents, the timely organ lists in
parallel columns ex-President Her
bert Hoover's Finnish Relief appeal,
and Hoover's alleged statements dur
ing the great Russian famine, as al
legedly reported in the "People's
Lobby Bulletin," January, 1940.
REPORTED STATEMENT
Mr. Hoover, when approached for |
help in organizing Russian aid, is
reported as replying as follows: "No,
I won't help. I'll oppose. It is the
height of my ambition to crush out.
the Soviet form of government and
everything it represents." The Sen
tinel further states that he w.'ls
asked ,"Even if il means hundreds of
thousands of children?" "Yes," he
replied.
Under the title, "Relief . . . For!
Whom?" the Sentinel states, "If the ;
American people were being given a
choice between giving relief for deso
late Finns or for starving Americans,!
there is no doubt which way they
would choose. But they are not be
ing given any choice. On the one
hand, we arc being subjected to an
intensive campaign for funds for
Finland —even to invading the cam
pus; on the other hand, our elected
representatives in the national gov
ernment are cutting relief for Amer
icans at every available source."
EXCOM SUPPORTED
Following a reprint of a letter
written by Theodore Dreiser, author,
declining aid to Finnish Relief and
advocating relief for Americans, the
Sentinel concludes:
"We agree with the stand of the
Exeomiiiitt.ec of the Students of
Stanford University that a good slo
gan to follow is: American Relief for
Americans First!"


KEN CUTHBERTSON
Finnish Relief Confab
Condemning the proposed Stanford
Finnish Belief drive and strongly
advocating in its place "American
Relief for Americans First," Bulletin
Number 2 of the Stanford Sentinel,
published by the Stanford American
Student Union, was distributed yes
terday.
Issued at the height of the current
controversy between Excom and
campus Finnish Relief Fund pro
ponents, the timely organ lists in
parallel columns ex-President Her
bert Hoover's Finnish Relief appeal,
and Hoover's alleged statements dur
ing the great Russian famine, as al
legedly reported in the "People's
Lobby Bulletin," January, 1940.
REPORTED STATEMENT
Mr. Hoover, when approached for |
help in organizing Russian aid, is
reported as replying as follows: "No,
I won't help. I'll oppose. It is the
height of my ambition to crush out.
the Soviet form of government and
everything it represents." The Sen
tinel further states that he w.'ls
asked ,"Even if il means hundreds of
thousands of children?" "Yes," he
replied.
Under the title, "Relief . . . For!
Whom?" the Sentinel states, "If the ;
American people were being given a
choice between giving relief for deso
late Finns or for starving Americans,!
there is no doubt which way they
would choose. But they are not be
ing given any choice. On the one
hand, we arc being subjected to an
intensive campaign for funds for
Finland —even to invading the cam
pus; on the other hand, our elected
representatives in the national gov
ernment are cutting relief for Amer
icans at every available source."
EXCOM SUPPORTED
Following a reprint of a letter
written by Theodore Dreiser, author,
declining aid to Finnish Relief and
advocating relief for Americans, the
Sentinel concludes:
"We agree with the stand of the
Exeomiiiitt.ec of the Students of
Stanford University that a good slo
gan to follow is: American Relief for
Americans First!"


KEN CUTHBERTSON
Finnish Relief Confab
Condemning the proposed Stanford
Finnish Belief drive and strongly
advocating in its place "American
Relief for Americans First," Bulletin
Number 2 of the Stanford Sentinel,
published by the Stanford American
Student Union, was distributed yes
terday.
Issued at the height of the current
controversy between Excom and
campus Finnish Relief Fund pro
ponents, the timely organ lists in
parallel columns ex-President Her
bert Hoover's Finnish Relief appeal,
and Hoover's alleged statements dur
ing the great Russian famine, as al
legedly reported in the "People's
Lobby Bulletin," January, 1940.
REPORTED STATEMENT
Mr. Hoover, when approached for |
help in organizing Russian aid, is
reported as replying as follows: "No,
I won't help. I'll oppose. It is the
height of my ambition to crush out.
the Soviet form of government and
everything it represents." The Sen
tinel further states that he w.'ls
asked ,"Even if il means hundreds of
thousands of children?" "Yes," he
replied.
Under the title, "Relief . . . For!
Whom?" the Sentinel states, "If the ;
American people were being given a
choice between giving relief for deso
late Finns or for starving Americans,!
there is no doubt which way they
would choose. But they are not be
ing given any choice. On the one
hand, we arc being subjected to an
intensive campaign for funds for
Finland —even to invading the cam
pus; on the other hand, our elected
representatives in the national gov
ernment are cutting relief for Amer
icans at every available source."
EXCOM SUPPORTED
Following a reprint of a letter
written by Theodore Dreiser, author,
declining aid to Finnish Relief and
advocating relief for Americans, the
Sentinel concludes:
"We agree with the stand of the
Exeomiiiitt.ec of the Students of
Stanford University that a good slo
gan to follow is: American Relief for
Americans First!"


KEN CUTHBERTSON
Finnish Relief Confab
Condemning the proposed Stanford
Finnish Belief drive and strongly
advocating in its place "American
Relief for Americans First," Bulletin
Number 2 of the Stanford Sentinel,
published by the Stanford American
Student Union, was distributed yes
terday.
Issued at the height of the current
controversy between Excom and
campus Finnish Relief Fund pro
ponents, the timely organ lists in
parallel columns ex-President Her
bert Hoover's Finnish Relief appeal,
and Hoover's alleged statements dur
ing the great Russian famine, as al
legedly reported in the "People's
Lobby Bulletin," January, 1940.
REPORTED STATEMENT
Mr. Hoover, when approached for |
help in organizing Russian aid, is
reported as replying as follows: "No,
I won't help. I'll oppose. It is the
height of my ambition to crush out.
the Soviet form of government and
everything it represents." The Sen
tinel further states that he w.'ls
asked ,"Even if il means hundreds of
thousands of children?" "Yes," he
replied.
Under the title, "Relief . . . For!
Whom?" the Sentinel states, "If the ;
American people were being given a
choice between giving relief for deso
late Finns or for starving Americans,!
there is no doubt which way they
would choose. But they are not be
ing given any choice. On the one
hand, we arc being subjected to an
intensive campaign for funds for
Finland —even to invading the cam
pus; on the other hand, our elected
representatives in the national gov
ernment are cutting relief for Amer
icans at every available source."
EXCOM SUPPORTED
Following a reprint of a letter
written by Theodore Dreiser, author,
declining aid to Finnish Relief and
advocating relief for Americans, the
Sentinel concludes:
"We agree with the stand of the
Exeomiiiitt.ec of the Students of
Stanford University that a good slo
gan to follow is: American Relief for
Americans First!"


KEN CUTHBERTSON
Finnish Relief Confab
