# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Although rumors have been rife
since Saturday to the effecl that the
Dean of Women did not request the
Sophomore jolly-up committee to in
turn request the Class to wear more
conventional clothes at the joll.v-up,
the Daily Palo Alto lias been waiting
patiently for four days for definite
misquoted her, it would have been only
regard to the matter from the parties
concerned. Its editorial stand, which
was alone that expressed in the edi
torial columns, was taken on the fact
that the request was actually made at
the class meeting. If the Dean of

Women did not request the committee
to act as it did and if the commitee has
assurances one way or the other in
just to Mrs. Allen for the committee
to make a statement for the Monday
issue of the Daily. The Daily Palo
Alto has not felt it incumbent to take
a different stand on the matter until
either one of the parties concerned
make a definite statement to this
paper.
Although rumors have been rife
since Saturday to the effecl that the
Dean of Women did not request the
Sophomore jolly-up committee to in
turn request the Class to wear more
conventional clothes at the joll.v-up,
the Daily Palo Alto lias been waiting
patiently for four days for definite
misquoted her, it would have been only
regard to the matter from the parties
concerned. Its editorial stand, which
was alone that expressed in the edi
torial columns, was taken on the fact
that the request was actually made at
the class meeting. If the Dean of

Women did not request the committee
to act as it did and if the commitee has
assurances one way or the other in
just to Mrs. Allen for the committee
to make a statement for the Monday
issue of the Daily. The Daily Palo
Alto has not felt it incumbent to take
a different stand on the matter until
either one of the parties concerned
make a definite statement to this
paper.
Although rumors have been rife
since Saturday to the effecl that the
Dean of Women did not request the
Sophomore jolly-up committee to in
turn request the Class to wear more
conventional clothes at the joll.v-up,
the Daily Palo Alto lias been waiting
patiently for four days for definite
misquoted her, it would have been only
regard to the matter from the parties
concerned. Its editorial stand, which
was alone that expressed in the edi
torial columns, was taken on the fact
that the request was actually made at
the class meeting. If the Dean of

Women did not request the committee
to act as it did and if the commitee has
assurances one way or the other in
just to Mrs. Allen for the committee
to make a statement for the Monday
issue of the Daily. The Daily Palo
Alto has not felt it incumbent to take
a different stand on the matter until
either one of the parties concerned
make a definite statement to this
paper.
Although rumors have been rife
since Saturday to the effecl that the
Dean of Women did not request the
Sophomore jolly-up committee to in
turn request the Class to wear more
conventional clothes at the joll.v-up,
the Daily Palo Alto lias been waiting
patiently for four days for definite
misquoted her, it would have been only
regard to the matter from the parties
concerned. Its editorial stand, which
was alone that expressed in the edi
torial columns, was taken on the fact
that the request was actually made at
the class meeting. If the Dean of

Women did not request the committee
to act as it did and if the commitee has
assurances one way or the other in
just to Mrs. Allen for the committee
to make a statement for the Monday
issue of the Daily. The Daily Palo
Alto has not felt it incumbent to take
a different stand on the matter until
either one of the parties concerned
make a definite statement to this
paper.
Although rumors have been rife
since Saturday to the effecl that the
Dean of Women did not request the
Sophomore jolly-up committee to in
turn request the Class to wear more
conventional clothes at the joll.v-up,
the Daily Palo Alto lias been waiting
patiently for four days for definite
misquoted her, it would have been only
regard to the matter from the parties
concerned. Its editorial stand, which
was alone that expressed in the edi
torial columns, was taken on the fact
that the request was actually made at
the class meeting. If the Dean of

Women did not request the committee
to act as it did and if the commitee has
assurances one way or the other in
just to Mrs. Allen for the committee
to make a statement for the Monday
issue of the Daily. The Daily Palo
Alto has not felt it incumbent to take
a different stand on the matter until
either one of the parties concerned
make a definite statement to this
paper.
Although rumors have been rife
since Saturday to the effecl that the
Dean of Women did not request the
Sophomore jolly-up committee to in
turn request the Class to wear more
conventional clothes at the joll.v-up,
the Daily Palo Alto lias been waiting
patiently for four days for definite
misquoted her, it would have been only
regard to the matter from the parties
concerned. Its editorial stand, which
was alone that expressed in the edi
torial columns, was taken on the fact
that the request was actually made at
the class meeting. If the Dean of

Women did not request the committee
to act as it did and if the commitee has
assurances one way or the other in
just to Mrs. Allen for the committee
to make a statement for the Monday
issue of the Daily. The Daily Palo
Alto has not felt it incumbent to take
a different stand on the matter until
either one of the parties concerned
make a definite statement to this
paper.
Although rumors have been rife
since Saturday to the effecl that the
Dean of Women did not request the
Sophomore jolly-up committee to in
turn request the Class to wear more
conventional clothes at the joll.v-up,
the Daily Palo Alto lias been waiting
patiently for four days for definite
misquoted her, it would have been only
regard to the matter from the parties
concerned. Its editorial stand, which
was alone that expressed in the edi
torial columns, was taken on the fact
that the request was actually made at
the class meeting. If the Dean of

Women did not request the committee
to act as it did and if the commitee has
assurances one way or the other in
just to Mrs. Allen for the committee
to make a statement for the Monday
issue of the Daily. The Daily Palo
Alto has not felt it incumbent to take
a different stand on the matter until
either one of the parties concerned
make a definite statement to this
paper.
Although rumors have been rife
since Saturday to the effecl that the
Dean of Women did not request the
Sophomore jolly-up committee to in
turn request the Class to wear more
conventional clothes at the joll.v-up,
the Daily Palo Alto lias been waiting
patiently for four days for definite
misquoted her, it would have been only
regard to the matter from the parties
concerned. Its editorial stand, which
was alone that expressed in the edi
torial columns, was taken on the fact
that the request was actually made at
the class meeting. If the Dean of

Women did not request the committee
to act as it did and if the commitee has
assurances one way or the other in
just to Mrs. Allen for the committee
to make a statement for the Monday
issue of the Daily. The Daily Palo
Alto has not felt it incumbent to take
a different stand on the matter until
either one of the parties concerned
make a definite statement to this
paper.
Although rumors have been rife
since Saturday to the effecl that the
Dean of Women did not request the
Sophomore jolly-up committee to in
turn request the Class to wear more
conventional clothes at the joll.v-up,
the Daily Palo Alto lias been waiting
patiently for four days for definite
misquoted her, it would have been only
regard to the matter from the parties
concerned. Its editorial stand, which
was alone that expressed in the edi
torial columns, was taken on the fact
that the request was actually made at
the class meeting. If the Dean of

Women did not request the committee
to act as it did and if the commitee has
assurances one way or the other in
just to Mrs. Allen for the committee
to make a statement for the Monday
issue of the Daily. The Daily Palo
Alto has not felt it incumbent to take
a different stand on the matter until
either one of the parties concerned
make a definite statement to this
paper.
Although rumors have been rife
since Saturday to the effecl that the
Dean of Women did not request the
Sophomore jolly-up committee to in
turn request the Class to wear more
conventional clothes at the joll.v-up,
the Daily Palo Alto lias been waiting
patiently for four days for definite
misquoted her, it would have been only
regard to the matter from the parties
concerned. Its editorial stand, which
was alone that expressed in the edi
torial columns, was taken on the fact
that the request was actually made at
the class meeting. If the Dean of

Women did not request the committee
to act as it did and if the commitee has
assurances one way or the other in
just to Mrs. Allen for the committee
to make a statement for the Monday
issue of the Daily. The Daily Palo
Alto has not felt it incumbent to take
a different stand on the matter until
either one of the parties concerned
make a definite statement to this
paper.
Although rumors have been rife
since Saturday to the effecl that the
Dean of Women did not request the
Sophomore jolly-up committee to in
turn request the Class to wear more
conventional clothes at the joll.v-up,
the Daily Palo Alto lias been waiting
patiently for four days for definite
misquoted her, it would have been only
regard to the matter from the parties
concerned. Its editorial stand, which
was alone that expressed in the edi
torial columns, was taken on the fact
that the request was actually made at
the class meeting. If the Dean of

Women did not request the committee
to act as it did and if the commitee has
assurances one way or the other in
just to Mrs. Allen for the committee
to make a statement for the Monday
issue of the Daily. The Daily Palo
Alto has not felt it incumbent to take
a different stand on the matter until
either one of the parties concerned
make a definite statement to this
paper.
Although rumors have been rife
since Saturday to the effecl that the
Dean of Women did not request the
Sophomore jolly-up committee to in
turn request the Class to wear more
conventional clothes at the joll.v-up,
the Daily Palo Alto lias been waiting
patiently for four days for definite
misquoted her, it would have been only
regard to the matter from the parties
concerned. Its editorial stand, which
was alone that expressed in the edi
torial columns, was taken on the fact
that the request was actually made at
the class meeting. If the Dean of

Women did not request the committee
to act as it did and if the commitee has
assurances one way or the other in
just to Mrs. Allen for the committee
to make a statement for the Monday
issue of the Daily. The Daily Palo
Alto has not felt it incumbent to take
a different stand on the matter until
either one of the parties concerned
make a definite statement to this
paper.
