# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
D. Manuilski Is the chairman of
the Ukrainian Socialist Soviet Re
public delegation to the World Se
curity Conference in San Fran
cisco.

By United Press
D. Manuilski Is the chairman of
the Ukrainian Socialist Soviet Re
public delegation to the World Se
curity Conference in San Fran
cisco.

By United Press
D. Manuilski Is the chairman of
the Ukrainian Socialist Soviet Re
public delegation to the World Se
curity Conference in San Fran
cisco.

By United Press
D. Manuilski Is the chairman of
the Ukrainian Socialist Soviet Re
public delegation to the World Se
curity Conference in San Fran
cisco.

By United Press
D. Manuilski Is the chairman of
the Ukrainian Socialist Soviet Re
public delegation to the World Se
curity Conference in San Fran
cisco.

By United Press
D. Manuilski Is the chairman of
the Ukrainian Socialist Soviet Re
public delegation to the World Se
curity Conference in San Fran
cisco.

By United Press
D. Manuilski Is the chairman of
the Ukrainian Socialist Soviet Re
public delegation to the World Se
curity Conference in San Fran
cisco.

By United Press
D. Manuilski Is the chairman of
the Ukrainian Socialist Soviet Re
public delegation to the World Se
curity Conference in San Fran
cisco.

By United Press
D. Manuilski Is the chairman of
the Ukrainian Socialist Soviet Re
public delegation to the World Se
curity Conference in San Fran
cisco.

By United Press
D. Manuilski Is the chairman of
the Ukrainian Socialist Soviet Re
public delegation to the World Se
curity Conference in San Fran
cisco.

By United Press
D. Manuilski Is the chairman of
the Ukrainian Socialist Soviet Re
public delegation to the World Se
curity Conference in San Fran
cisco.

By United Press
D. Manuilski Is the chairman of
the Ukrainian Socialist Soviet Re
public delegation to the World Se
curity Conference in San Fran
cisco.

By United Press
D. Manuilski Is the chairman of
the Ukrainian Socialist Soviet Re
public delegation to the World Se
curity Conference in San Fran
cisco.

By United Press
D. Manuilski Is the chairman of
the Ukrainian Socialist Soviet Re
public delegation to the World Se
curity Conference in San Fran
cisco.

By United Press
D. Manuilski Is the chairman of
the Ukrainian Socialist Soviet Re
public delegation to the World Se
curity Conference in San Fran
cisco.
