# Roble Plans Rough Day
## 
### 
"Yes, dancing in the Roble lobby,"
confirmed Charlee Carlson, general
chairman of Roble-Rough day, Sun
day from 2 vo 5.
According to Miss Carlson, the day
has been planned as a "general fun
time," and will be open to all men
from Toyon, Buchanan, the Fire
house, and the Med School, as well
as some men from Dibble and spe
cial guests. Besides dancing, games
will be played on the lawn, and re
freshments will be served.
Committee heads are June Selder
and Jean Hahn. entertainment; Lor
rain Pielhop, refreshments; Jean
Strong, hostesses; Cathy Morris,
clean-up, and Joanne Lucas, invita
tions.
"Yes, dancing in the Roble lobby,"
confirmed Charlee Carlson, general
chairman of Roble-Rough day, Sun
day from 2 vo 5.
According to Miss Carlson, the day
has been planned as a "general fun
time," and will be open to all men
from Toyon, Buchanan, the Fire
house, and the Med School, as well
as some men from Dibble and spe
cial guests. Besides dancing, games
will be played on the lawn, and re
freshments will be served.
Committee heads are June Selder
and Jean Hahn. entertainment; Lor
rain Pielhop, refreshments; Jean
Strong, hostesses; Cathy Morris,
clean-up, and Joanne Lucas, invita
tions.
"Yes, dancing in the Roble lobby,"
confirmed Charlee Carlson, general
chairman of Roble-Rough day, Sun
day from 2 vo 5.
According to Miss Carlson, the day
has been planned as a "general fun
time," and will be open to all men
from Toyon, Buchanan, the Fire
house, and the Med School, as well
as some men from Dibble and spe
cial guests. Besides dancing, games
will be played on the lawn, and re
freshments will be served.
Committee heads are June Selder
and Jean Hahn. entertainment; Lor
rain Pielhop, refreshments; Jean
Strong, hostesses; Cathy Morris,
clean-up, and Joanne Lucas, invita
tions.
"Yes, dancing in the Roble lobby,"
confirmed Charlee Carlson, general
chairman of Roble-Rough day, Sun
day from 2 vo 5.
According to Miss Carlson, the day
has been planned as a "general fun
time," and will be open to all men
from Toyon, Buchanan, the Fire
house, and the Med School, as well
as some men from Dibble and spe
cial guests. Besides dancing, games
will be played on the lawn, and re
freshments will be served.
Committee heads are June Selder
and Jean Hahn. entertainment; Lor
rain Pielhop, refreshments; Jean
Strong, hostesses; Cathy Morris,
clean-up, and Joanne Lucas, invita
tions.
"Yes, dancing in the Roble lobby,"
confirmed Charlee Carlson, general
chairman of Roble-Rough day, Sun
day from 2 vo 5.
According to Miss Carlson, the day
has been planned as a "general fun
time," and will be open to all men
from Toyon, Buchanan, the Fire
house, and the Med School, as well
as some men from Dibble and spe
cial guests. Besides dancing, games
will be played on the lawn, and re
freshments will be served.
Committee heads are June Selder
and Jean Hahn. entertainment; Lor
rain Pielhop, refreshments; Jean
Strong, hostesses; Cathy Morris,
clean-up, and Joanne Lucas, invita
tions.
"Yes, dancing in the Roble lobby,"
confirmed Charlee Carlson, general
chairman of Roble-Rough day, Sun
day from 2 vo 5.
According to Miss Carlson, the day
has been planned as a "general fun
time," and will be open to all men
from Toyon, Buchanan, the Fire
house, and the Med School, as well
as some men from Dibble and spe
cial guests. Besides dancing, games
will be played on the lawn, and re
freshments will be served.
Committee heads are June Selder
and Jean Hahn. entertainment; Lor
rain Pielhop, refreshments; Jean
Strong, hostesses; Cathy Morris,
clean-up, and Joanne Lucas, invita
tions.
"Yes, dancing in the Roble lobby,"
confirmed Charlee Carlson, general
chairman of Roble-Rough day, Sun
day from 2 vo 5.
According to Miss Carlson, the day
has been planned as a "general fun
time," and will be open to all men
from Toyon, Buchanan, the Fire
house, and the Med School, as well
as some men from Dibble and spe
cial guests. Besides dancing, games
will be played on the lawn, and re
freshments will be served.
Committee heads are June Selder
and Jean Hahn. entertainment; Lor
rain Pielhop, refreshments; Jean
Strong, hostesses; Cathy Morris,
clean-up, and Joanne Lucas, invita
tions.
"Yes, dancing in the Roble lobby,"
confirmed Charlee Carlson, general
chairman of Roble-Rough day, Sun
day from 2 vo 5.
According to Miss Carlson, the day
has been planned as a "general fun
time," and will be open to all men
from Toyon, Buchanan, the Fire
house, and the Med School, as well
as some men from Dibble and spe
cial guests. Besides dancing, games
will be played on the lawn, and re
freshments will be served.
Committee heads are June Selder
and Jean Hahn. entertainment; Lor
rain Pielhop, refreshments; Jean
Strong, hostesses; Cathy Morris,
clean-up, and Joanne Lucas, invita
tions.
"Yes, dancing in the Roble lobby,"
confirmed Charlee Carlson, general
chairman of Roble-Rough day, Sun
day from 2 vo 5.
According to Miss Carlson, the day
has been planned as a "general fun
time," and will be open to all men
from Toyon, Buchanan, the Fire
house, and the Med School, as well
as some men from Dibble and spe
cial guests. Besides dancing, games
will be played on the lawn, and re
freshments will be served.
Committee heads are June Selder
and Jean Hahn. entertainment; Lor
rain Pielhop, refreshments; Jean
Strong, hostesses; Cathy Morris,
clean-up, and Joanne Lucas, invita
tions.
"Yes, dancing in the Roble lobby,"
confirmed Charlee Carlson, general
chairman of Roble-Rough day, Sun
day from 2 vo 5.
According to Miss Carlson, the day
has been planned as a "general fun
time," and will be open to all men
from Toyon, Buchanan, the Fire
house, and the Med School, as well
as some men from Dibble and spe
cial guests. Besides dancing, games
will be played on the lawn, and re
freshments will be served.
Committee heads are June Selder
and Jean Hahn. entertainment; Lor
rain Pielhop, refreshments; Jean
Strong, hostesses; Cathy Morris,
clean-up, and Joanne Lucas, invita
tions.
"Yes, dancing in the Roble lobby,"
confirmed Charlee Carlson, general
chairman of Roble-Rough day, Sun
day from 2 vo 5.
According to Miss Carlson, the day
has been planned as a "general fun
time," and will be open to all men
from Toyon, Buchanan, the Fire
house, and the Med School, as well
as some men from Dibble and spe
cial guests. Besides dancing, games
will be played on the lawn, and re
freshments will be served.
Committee heads are June Selder
and Jean Hahn. entertainment; Lor
rain Pielhop, refreshments; Jean
Strong, hostesses; Cathy Morris,
clean-up, and Joanne Lucas, invita
tions.
"Yes, dancing in the Roble lobby,"
confirmed Charlee Carlson, general
chairman of Roble-Rough day, Sun
day from 2 vo 5.
According to Miss Carlson, the day
has been planned as a "general fun
time," and will be open to all men
from Toyon, Buchanan, the Fire
house, and the Med School, as well
as some men from Dibble and spe
cial guests. Besides dancing, games
will be played on the lawn, and re
freshments will be served.
Committee heads are June Selder
and Jean Hahn. entertainment; Lor
rain Pielhop, refreshments; Jean
Strong, hostesses; Cathy Morris,
clean-up, and Joanne Lucas, invita
tions.
"Yes, dancing in the Roble lobby,"
confirmed Charlee Carlson, general
chairman of Roble-Rough day, Sun
day from 2 vo 5.
According to Miss Carlson, the day
has been planned as a "general fun
time," and will be open to all men
from Toyon, Buchanan, the Fire
house, and the Med School, as well
as some men from Dibble and spe
cial guests. Besides dancing, games
will be played on the lawn, and re
freshments will be served.
Committee heads are June Selder
and Jean Hahn. entertainment; Lor
rain Pielhop, refreshments; Jean
Strong, hostesses; Cathy Morris,
clean-up, and Joanne Lucas, invita
tions.
"Yes, dancing in the Roble lobby,"
confirmed Charlee Carlson, general
chairman of Roble-Rough day, Sun
day from 2 vo 5.
According to Miss Carlson, the day
has been planned as a "general fun
time," and will be open to all men
from Toyon, Buchanan, the Fire
house, and the Med School, as well
as some men from Dibble and spe
cial guests. Besides dancing, games
will be played on the lawn, and re
freshments will be served.
Committee heads are June Selder
and Jean Hahn. entertainment; Lor
rain Pielhop, refreshments; Jean
Strong, hostesses; Cathy Morris,
clean-up, and Joanne Lucas, invita
tions.
"Yes, dancing in the Roble lobby,"
confirmed Charlee Carlson, general
chairman of Roble-Rough day, Sun
day from 2 vo 5.
According to Miss Carlson, the day
has been planned as a "general fun
time," and will be open to all men
from Toyon, Buchanan, the Fire
house, and the Med School, as well
as some men from Dibble and spe
cial guests. Besides dancing, games
will be played on the lawn, and re
freshments will be served.
Committee heads are June Selder
and Jean Hahn. entertainment; Lor
rain Pielhop, refreshments; Jean
Strong, hostesses; Cathy Morris,
clean-up, and Joanne Lucas, invita
tions.
