# Branner Fireside Tonight at 8:15
## 
### 
Branner women will hold a closed
fireside tonight from 8:15 to 11:30
at the hall. The fireside, under
the direction of Mary Shannon, is
the first ever to be held by one of
the Kir's' large dormitories. Danc
ing will be outside in front and in
the arcades. Refreshments will be
served.
Serving under Miss Shannon as
heads of the different committees
are Pat Townsend, pre-arrangc
mentment; Gwen Davis, refresh
ments; Marilyn Daniels, clean-up;
Marise Knowlton, music; Carol Miz
?.y and Phyllis Rapp, decorations.
Branner women will hold a closed
fireside tonight from 8:15 to 11:30
at the hall. The fireside, under
the direction of Mary Shannon, is
the first ever to be held by one of
the Kir's' large dormitories. Danc
ing will be outside in front and in
the arcades. Refreshments will be
served.
Serving under Miss Shannon as
heads of the different committees
are Pat Townsend, pre-arrangc
mentment; Gwen Davis, refresh
ments; Marilyn Daniels, clean-up;
Marise Knowlton, music; Carol Miz
?.y and Phyllis Rapp, decorations.
Branner women will hold a closed
fireside tonight from 8:15 to 11:30
at the hall. The fireside, under
the direction of Mary Shannon, is
the first ever to be held by one of
the Kir's' large dormitories. Danc
ing will be outside in front and in
the arcades. Refreshments will be
served.
Serving under Miss Shannon as
heads of the different committees
are Pat Townsend, pre-arrangc
mentment; Gwen Davis, refresh
ments; Marilyn Daniels, clean-up;
Marise Knowlton, music; Carol Miz
?.y and Phyllis Rapp, decorations.
Branner women will hold a closed
fireside tonight from 8:15 to 11:30
at the hall. The fireside, under
the direction of Mary Shannon, is
the first ever to be held by one of
the Kir's' large dormitories. Danc
ing will be outside in front and in
the arcades. Refreshments will be
served.
Serving under Miss Shannon as
heads of the different committees
are Pat Townsend, pre-arrangc
mentment; Gwen Davis, refresh
ments; Marilyn Daniels, clean-up;
Marise Knowlton, music; Carol Miz
?.y and Phyllis Rapp, decorations.
Branner women will hold a closed
fireside tonight from 8:15 to 11:30
at the hall. The fireside, under
the direction of Mary Shannon, is
the first ever to be held by one of
the Kir's' large dormitories. Danc
ing will be outside in front and in
the arcades. Refreshments will be
served.
Serving under Miss Shannon as
heads of the different committees
are Pat Townsend, pre-arrangc
mentment; Gwen Davis, refresh
ments; Marilyn Daniels, clean-up;
Marise Knowlton, music; Carol Miz
?.y and Phyllis Rapp, decorations.
Branner women will hold a closed
fireside tonight from 8:15 to 11:30
at the hall. The fireside, under
the direction of Mary Shannon, is
the first ever to be held by one of
the Kir's' large dormitories. Danc
ing will be outside in front and in
the arcades. Refreshments will be
served.
Serving under Miss Shannon as
heads of the different committees
are Pat Townsend, pre-arrangc
mentment; Gwen Davis, refresh
ments; Marilyn Daniels, clean-up;
Marise Knowlton, music; Carol Miz
?.y and Phyllis Rapp, decorations.
Branner women will hold a closed
fireside tonight from 8:15 to 11:30
at the hall. The fireside, under
the direction of Mary Shannon, is
the first ever to be held by one of
the Kir's' large dormitories. Danc
ing will be outside in front and in
the arcades. Refreshments will be
served.
Serving under Miss Shannon as
heads of the different committees
are Pat Townsend, pre-arrangc
mentment; Gwen Davis, refresh
ments; Marilyn Daniels, clean-up;
Marise Knowlton, music; Carol Miz
?.y and Phyllis Rapp, decorations.
Branner women will hold a closed
fireside tonight from 8:15 to 11:30
at the hall. The fireside, under
the direction of Mary Shannon, is
the first ever to be held by one of
the Kir's' large dormitories. Danc
ing will be outside in front and in
the arcades. Refreshments will be
served.
Serving under Miss Shannon as
heads of the different committees
are Pat Townsend, pre-arrangc
mentment; Gwen Davis, refresh
ments; Marilyn Daniels, clean-up;
Marise Knowlton, music; Carol Miz
?.y and Phyllis Rapp, decorations.
Branner women will hold a closed
fireside tonight from 8:15 to 11:30
at the hall. The fireside, under
the direction of Mary Shannon, is
the first ever to be held by one of
the Kir's' large dormitories. Danc
ing will be outside in front and in
the arcades. Refreshments will be
served.
Serving under Miss Shannon as
heads of the different committees
are Pat Townsend, pre-arrangc
mentment; Gwen Davis, refresh
ments; Marilyn Daniels, clean-up;
Marise Knowlton, music; Carol Miz
?.y and Phyllis Rapp, decorations.
Branner women will hold a closed
fireside tonight from 8:15 to 11:30
at the hall. The fireside, under
the direction of Mary Shannon, is
the first ever to be held by one of
the Kir's' large dormitories. Danc
ing will be outside in front and in
the arcades. Refreshments will be
served.
Serving under Miss Shannon as
heads of the different committees
are Pat Townsend, pre-arrangc
mentment; Gwen Davis, refresh
ments; Marilyn Daniels, clean-up;
Marise Knowlton, music; Carol Miz
?.y and Phyllis Rapp, decorations.
Branner women will hold a closed
fireside tonight from 8:15 to 11:30
at the hall. The fireside, under
the direction of Mary Shannon, is
the first ever to be held by one of
the Kir's' large dormitories. Danc
ing will be outside in front and in
the arcades. Refreshments will be
served.
Serving under Miss Shannon as
heads of the different committees
are Pat Townsend, pre-arrangc
mentment; Gwen Davis, refresh
ments; Marilyn Daniels, clean-up;
Marise Knowlton, music; Carol Miz
?.y and Phyllis Rapp, decorations.
Branner women will hold a closed
fireside tonight from 8:15 to 11:30
at the hall. The fireside, under
the direction of Mary Shannon, is
the first ever to be held by one of
the Kir's' large dormitories. Danc
ing will be outside in front and in
the arcades. Refreshments will be
served.
Serving under Miss Shannon as
heads of the different committees
are Pat Townsend, pre-arrangc
mentment; Gwen Davis, refresh
ments; Marilyn Daniels, clean-up;
Marise Knowlton, music; Carol Miz
?.y and Phyllis Rapp, decorations.
Branner women will hold a closed
fireside tonight from 8:15 to 11:30
at the hall. The fireside, under
the direction of Mary Shannon, is
the first ever to be held by one of
the Kir's' large dormitories. Danc
ing will be outside in front and in
the arcades. Refreshments will be
served.
Serving under Miss Shannon as
heads of the different committees
are Pat Townsend, pre-arrangc
mentment; Gwen Davis, refresh
ments; Marilyn Daniels, clean-up;
Marise Knowlton, music; Carol Miz
?.y and Phyllis Rapp, decorations.
Branner women will hold a closed
fireside tonight from 8:15 to 11:30
at the hall. The fireside, under
the direction of Mary Shannon, is
the first ever to be held by one of
the Kir's' large dormitories. Danc
ing will be outside in front and in
the arcades. Refreshments will be
served.
Serving under Miss Shannon as
heads of the different committees
are Pat Townsend, pre-arrangc
mentment; Gwen Davis, refresh
ments; Marilyn Daniels, clean-up;
Marise Knowlton, music; Carol Miz
?.y and Phyllis Rapp, decorations.
Branner women will hold a closed
fireside tonight from 8:15 to 11:30
at the hall. The fireside, under
the direction of Mary Shannon, is
the first ever to be held by one of
the Kir's' large dormitories. Danc
ing will be outside in front and in
the arcades. Refreshments will be
served.
Serving under Miss Shannon as
heads of the different committees
are Pat Townsend, pre-arrangc
mentment; Gwen Davis, refresh
ments; Marilyn Daniels, clean-up;
Marise Knowlton, music; Carol Miz
?.y and Phyllis Rapp, decorations.
