# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Distance makes it difficult for
universities and colleges on the
Pacific Coast to hold many inter
collegiate contests. This is in
marked contrast to conditions
throughout the East, where, owing
to the proximity of institutions
frequent games are possible during
the football season, in which a
strong partisan rivalry is aroused.
If it were "not for the courtesy of
the athletic club teams, Stanford
and the University of California
would find it almost impossible to
secure preliminary practice games.
Since the game with Oregon has
been cancelled, unless we meet the
University of Washington later in
the season, or some of the Eastern
teams come West this winter, the
contest with Nevada tomorrow will
be the only Varsity intercollegiate
football match, aside from that
with California, during all the sea
son. It is a game of signal im
portance. While we do our utmost
to overwhelm the men from the
Sagebrush stale, let us make them
feel that we appreciate the oppor
tunity of meeting them and of en
tertaining them; let us give them
yells of greeting from the bleach
ers, and in every way extend the
cordial hand of fellowship.
Distance makes it difficult for
universities and colleges on the
Pacific Coast to hold many inter
collegiate contests. This is in
marked contrast to conditions
throughout the East, where, owing
to the proximity of institutions
frequent games are possible during
the football season, in which a
strong partisan rivalry is aroused.
If it were "not for the courtesy of
the athletic club teams, Stanford
and the University of California
would find it almost impossible to
secure preliminary practice games.
Since the game with Oregon has
been cancelled, unless we meet the
University of Washington later in
the season, or some of the Eastern
teams come West this winter, the
contest with Nevada tomorrow will
be the only Varsity intercollegiate
football match, aside from that
with California, during all the sea
son. It is a game of signal im
portance. While we do our utmost
to overwhelm the men from the
Sagebrush stale, let us make them
feel that we appreciate the oppor
tunity of meeting them and of en
tertaining them; let us give them
yells of greeting from the bleach
ers, and in every way extend the
cordial hand of fellowship.
Distance makes it difficult for
universities and colleges on the
Pacific Coast to hold many inter
collegiate contests. This is in
marked contrast to conditions
throughout the East, where, owing
to the proximity of institutions
frequent games are possible during
the football season, in which a
strong partisan rivalry is aroused.
If it were "not for the courtesy of
the athletic club teams, Stanford
and the University of California
would find it almost impossible to
secure preliminary practice games.
Since the game with Oregon has
been cancelled, unless we meet the
University of Washington later in
the season, or some of the Eastern
teams come West this winter, the
contest with Nevada tomorrow will
be the only Varsity intercollegiate
football match, aside from that
with California, during all the sea
son. It is a game of signal im
portance. While we do our utmost
to overwhelm the men from the
Sagebrush stale, let us make them
feel that we appreciate the oppor
tunity of meeting them and of en
tertaining them; let us give them
yells of greeting from the bleach
ers, and in every way extend the
cordial hand of fellowship.
Distance makes it difficult for
universities and colleges on the
Pacific Coast to hold many inter
collegiate contests. This is in
marked contrast to conditions
throughout the East, where, owing
to the proximity of institutions
frequent games are possible during
the football season, in which a
strong partisan rivalry is aroused.
If it were "not for the courtesy of
the athletic club teams, Stanford
and the University of California
would find it almost impossible to
secure preliminary practice games.
Since the game with Oregon has
been cancelled, unless we meet the
University of Washington later in
the season, or some of the Eastern
teams come West this winter, the
contest with Nevada tomorrow will
be the only Varsity intercollegiate
football match, aside from that
with California, during all the sea
son. It is a game of signal im
portance. While we do our utmost
to overwhelm the men from the
Sagebrush stale, let us make them
feel that we appreciate the oppor
tunity of meeting them and of en
tertaining them; let us give them
yells of greeting from the bleach
ers, and in every way extend the
cordial hand of fellowship.
Distance makes it difficult for
universities and colleges on the
Pacific Coast to hold many inter
collegiate contests. This is in
marked contrast to conditions
throughout the East, where, owing
to the proximity of institutions
frequent games are possible during
the football season, in which a
strong partisan rivalry is aroused.
If it were "not for the courtesy of
the athletic club teams, Stanford
and the University of California
would find it almost impossible to
secure preliminary practice games.
Since the game with Oregon has
been cancelled, unless we meet the
University of Washington later in
the season, or some of the Eastern
teams come West this winter, the
contest with Nevada tomorrow will
be the only Varsity intercollegiate
football match, aside from that
with California, during all the sea
son. It is a game of signal im
portance. While we do our utmost
to overwhelm the men from the
Sagebrush stale, let us make them
feel that we appreciate the oppor
tunity of meeting them and of en
tertaining them; let us give them
yells of greeting from the bleach
ers, and in every way extend the
cordial hand of fellowship.
Distance makes it difficult for
universities and colleges on the
Pacific Coast to hold many inter
collegiate contests. This is in
marked contrast to conditions
throughout the East, where, owing
to the proximity of institutions
frequent games are possible during
the football season, in which a
strong partisan rivalry is aroused.
If it were "not for the courtesy of
the athletic club teams, Stanford
and the University of California
would find it almost impossible to
secure preliminary practice games.
Since the game with Oregon has
been cancelled, unless we meet the
University of Washington later in
the season, or some of the Eastern
teams come West this winter, the
contest with Nevada tomorrow will
be the only Varsity intercollegiate
football match, aside from that
with California, during all the sea
son. It is a game of signal im
portance. While we do our utmost
to overwhelm the men from the
Sagebrush stale, let us make them
feel that we appreciate the oppor
tunity of meeting them and of en
tertaining them; let us give them
yells of greeting from the bleach
ers, and in every way extend the
cordial hand of fellowship.
Distance makes it difficult for
universities and colleges on the
Pacific Coast to hold many inter
collegiate contests. This is in
marked contrast to conditions
throughout the East, where, owing
to the proximity of institutions
frequent games are possible during
the football season, in which a
strong partisan rivalry is aroused.
If it were "not for the courtesy of
the athletic club teams, Stanford
and the University of California
would find it almost impossible to
secure preliminary practice games.
Since the game with Oregon has
been cancelled, unless we meet the
University of Washington later in
the season, or some of the Eastern
teams come West this winter, the
contest with Nevada tomorrow will
be the only Varsity intercollegiate
football match, aside from that
with California, during all the sea
son. It is a game of signal im
portance. While we do our utmost
to overwhelm the men from the
Sagebrush stale, let us make them
feel that we appreciate the oppor
tunity of meeting them and of en
tertaining them; let us give them
yells of greeting from the bleach
ers, and in every way extend the
cordial hand of fellowship.
Distance makes it difficult for
universities and colleges on the
Pacific Coast to hold many inter
collegiate contests. This is in
marked contrast to conditions
throughout the East, where, owing
to the proximity of institutions
frequent games are possible during
the football season, in which a
strong partisan rivalry is aroused.
If it were "not for the courtesy of
the athletic club teams, Stanford
and the University of California
would find it almost impossible to
secure preliminary practice games.
Since the game with Oregon has
been cancelled, unless we meet the
University of Washington later in
the season, or some of the Eastern
teams come West this winter, the
contest with Nevada tomorrow will
be the only Varsity intercollegiate
football match, aside from that
with California, during all the sea
son. It is a game of signal im
portance. While we do our utmost
to overwhelm the men from the
Sagebrush stale, let us make them
feel that we appreciate the oppor
tunity of meeting them and of en
tertaining them; let us give them
yells of greeting from the bleach
ers, and in every way extend the
cordial hand of fellowship.
