# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The Western College Conference has
decided to allow its members to play
seven games of football next fall.
The Western College Conference has
decided to allow its members to play
seven games of football next fall.
The Western College Conference has
decided to allow its members to play
seven games of football next fall.
The Western College Conference has
decided to allow its members to play
seven games of football next fall.
The Western College Conference has
decided to allow its members to play
seven games of football next fall.
The Western College Conference has
decided to allow its members to play
seven games of football next fall.
The Western College Conference has
decided to allow its members to play
seven games of football next fall.
The Western College Conference has
decided to allow its members to play
seven games of football next fall.
The Western College Conference has
decided to allow its members to play
seven games of football next fall.
The Western College Conference has
decided to allow its members to play
seven games of football next fall.
