# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Dr. Bailey Willis, head of the Geol
ogy department, last Saturday after
noon delivered before the Be Conte
Club of Berkeley, an illustrated lec
ture on South American geological
problems.
Dr. Bailey Willis, head of the Geol
ogy department, last Saturday after
noon delivered before the Be Conte
Club of Berkeley, an illustrated lec
ture on South American geological
problems.
Dr. Bailey Willis, head of the Geol
ogy department, last Saturday after
noon delivered before the Be Conte
Club of Berkeley, an illustrated lec
ture on South American geological
problems.
Dr. Bailey Willis, head of the Geol
ogy department, last Saturday after
noon delivered before the Be Conte
Club of Berkeley, an illustrated lec
ture on South American geological
problems.
Dr. Bailey Willis, head of the Geol
ogy department, last Saturday after
noon delivered before the Be Conte
Club of Berkeley, an illustrated lec
ture on South American geological
problems.
Dr. Bailey Willis, head of the Geol
ogy department, last Saturday after
noon delivered before the Be Conte
Club of Berkeley, an illustrated lec
ture on South American geological
problems.
Dr. Bailey Willis, head of the Geol
ogy department, last Saturday after
noon delivered before the Be Conte
Club of Berkeley, an illustrated lec
ture on South American geological
problems.
Dr. Bailey Willis, head of the Geol
ogy department, last Saturday after
noon delivered before the Be Conte
Club of Berkeley, an illustrated lec
ture on South American geological
problems.
Dr. Bailey Willis, head of the Geol
ogy department, last Saturday after
noon delivered before the Be Conte
Club of Berkeley, an illustrated lec
ture on South American geological
problems.
Dr. Bailey Willis, head of the Geol
ogy department, last Saturday after
noon delivered before the Be Conte
Club of Berkeley, an illustrated lec
ture on South American geological
problems.
Dr. Bailey Willis, head of the Geol
ogy department, last Saturday after
noon delivered before the Be Conte
Club of Berkeley, an illustrated lec
ture on South American geological
problems.
Dr. Bailey Willis, head of the Geol
ogy department, last Saturday after
noon delivered before the Be Conte
Club of Berkeley, an illustrated lec
ture on South American geological
problems.
Dr. Bailey Willis, head of the Geol
ogy department, last Saturday after
noon delivered before the Be Conte
Club of Berkeley, an illustrated lec
ture on South American geological
problems.
