# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
STANFORD
GETAWAY
SERVICE
Contact Miss
SHERIDAN CRAWFORD,
Your Student
Representative on
Campus, for information
about the low-cost,
high savings travel
services Greyhound
has to offer.
Call her at
491-2764
or visit
Sequoia Travel Center
Tresidder Union
323-9401
EEC R E YH 0 U N D
STANFORD
GETAWAY
SERVICE
Contact Miss
SHERIDAN CRAWFORD,
Your Student
Representative on
Campus, for information
about the low-cost,
high savings travel
services Greyhound
has to offer.
Call her at
491-2764
or visit
Sequoia Travel Center
Tresidder Union
323-9401
EEC R E YH 0 U N D
STANFORD
GETAWAY
SERVICE
Contact Miss
SHERIDAN CRAWFORD,
Your Student
Representative on
Campus, for information
about the low-cost,
high savings travel
services Greyhound
has to offer.
Call her at
491-2764
or visit
Sequoia Travel Center
Tresidder Union
323-9401
EEC R E YH 0 U N D
STANFORD
GETAWAY
SERVICE
Contact Miss
SHERIDAN CRAWFORD,
Your Student
Representative on
Campus, for information
about the low-cost,
high savings travel
services Greyhound
has to offer.
Call her at
491-2764
or visit
Sequoia Travel Center
Tresidder Union
323-9401
EEC R E YH 0 U N D
STANFORD
GETAWAY
SERVICE
Contact Miss
SHERIDAN CRAWFORD,
Your Student
Representative on
Campus, for information
about the low-cost,
high savings travel
services Greyhound
has to offer.
Call her at
491-2764
or visit
Sequoia Travel Center
Tresidder Union
323-9401
EEC R E YH 0 U N D
STANFORD
GETAWAY
SERVICE
Contact Miss
SHERIDAN CRAWFORD,
Your Student
Representative on
Campus, for information
about the low-cost,
high savings travel
services Greyhound
has to offer.
Call her at
491-2764
or visit
Sequoia Travel Center
Tresidder Union
323-9401
EEC R E YH 0 U N D
STANFORD
GETAWAY
SERVICE
Contact Miss
SHERIDAN CRAWFORD,
Your Student
Representative on
Campus, for information
about the low-cost,
high savings travel
services Greyhound
has to offer.
Call her at
491-2764
or visit
Sequoia Travel Center
Tresidder Union
323-9401
EEC R E YH 0 U N D
STANFORD
GETAWAY
SERVICE
Contact Miss
SHERIDAN CRAWFORD,
Your Student
Representative on
Campus, for information
about the low-cost,
high savings travel
services Greyhound
has to offer.
Call her at
491-2764
or visit
Sequoia Travel Center
Tresidder Union
323-9401
EEC R E YH 0 U N D
STANFORD
GETAWAY
SERVICE
Contact Miss
SHERIDAN CRAWFORD,
Your Student
Representative on
Campus, for information
about the low-cost,
high savings travel
services Greyhound
has to offer.
Call her at
491-2764
or visit
Sequoia Travel Center
Tresidder Union
323-9401
EEC R E YH 0 U N D
STANFORD
GETAWAY
SERVICE
Contact Miss
SHERIDAN CRAWFORD,
Your Student
Representative on
Campus, for information
about the low-cost,
high savings travel
services Greyhound
has to offer.
Call her at
491-2764
or visit
Sequoia Travel Center
Tresidder Union
323-9401
EEC R E YH 0 U N D
STANFORD
GETAWAY
SERVICE
Contact Miss
SHERIDAN CRAWFORD,
Your Student
Representative on
Campus, for information
about the low-cost,
high savings travel
services Greyhound
has to offer.
Call her at
491-2764
or visit
Sequoia Travel Center
Tresidder Union
323-9401
EEC R E YH 0 U N D
STANFORD
GETAWAY
SERVICE
Contact Miss
SHERIDAN CRAWFORD,
Your Student
Representative on
Campus, for information
about the low-cost,
high savings travel
services Greyhound
has to offer.
Call her at
491-2764
or visit
Sequoia Travel Center
Tresidder Union
323-9401
EEC R E YH 0 U N D
STANFORD
GETAWAY
SERVICE
Contact Miss
SHERIDAN CRAWFORD,
Your Student
Representative on
Campus, for information
about the low-cost,
high savings travel
services Greyhound
has to offer.
Call her at
491-2764
or visit
Sequoia Travel Center
Tresidder Union
323-9401
EEC R E YH 0 U N D
