# Student Senate
## 
### 
The student Senate voted last night
to officially make the date of the
ASSU primary election April 1 8
and 19, and set the run-off for aril
25 and 26.
The final ballot, though not yet
printed, was deemed officially closed
to any further changes. The only
change which has been made on the
ballot since Monday has been the
deletion of several long whereas
clauses from the Citizens Advocates
proposal which the Elections Com
missioner and ASSU President Doug
McHenry felt gave it unfair advantage
over the other fee requests.
After some discussion the Senate
voted 11 to 5 to accept the report
made by the Committee on Student
Services (COSS) which recommended
that military recruiting be barred from
the formal use of the Placement
Center.
The student Senate voted last night
to officially make the date of the
ASSU primary election April 1 8
and 19, and set the run-off for aril
25 and 26.
The final ballot, though not yet
printed, was deemed officially closed
to any further changes. The only
change which has been made on the
ballot since Monday has been the
deletion of several long whereas
clauses from the Citizens Advocates
proposal which the Elections Com
missioner and ASSU President Doug
McHenry felt gave it unfair advantage
over the other fee requests.
After some discussion the Senate
voted 11 to 5 to accept the report
made by the Committee on Student
Services (COSS) which recommended
that military recruiting be barred from
the formal use of the Placement
Center.
The student Senate voted last night
to officially make the date of the
ASSU primary election April 1 8
and 19, and set the run-off for aril
25 and 26.
The final ballot, though not yet
printed, was deemed officially closed
to any further changes. The only
change which has been made on the
ballot since Monday has been the
deletion of several long whereas
clauses from the Citizens Advocates
proposal which the Elections Com
missioner and ASSU President Doug
McHenry felt gave it unfair advantage
over the other fee requests.
After some discussion the Senate
voted 11 to 5 to accept the report
made by the Committee on Student
Services (COSS) which recommended
that military recruiting be barred from
the formal use of the Placement
Center.
The student Senate voted last night
to officially make the date of the
ASSU primary election April 1 8
and 19, and set the run-off for aril
25 and 26.
The final ballot, though not yet
printed, was deemed officially closed
to any further changes. The only
change which has been made on the
ballot since Monday has been the
deletion of several long whereas
clauses from the Citizens Advocates
proposal which the Elections Com
missioner and ASSU President Doug
McHenry felt gave it unfair advantage
over the other fee requests.
After some discussion the Senate
voted 11 to 5 to accept the report
made by the Committee on Student
Services (COSS) which recommended
that military recruiting be barred from
the formal use of the Placement
Center.
The student Senate voted last night
to officially make the date of the
ASSU primary election April 1 8
and 19, and set the run-off for aril
25 and 26.
The final ballot, though not yet
printed, was deemed officially closed
to any further changes. The only
change which has been made on the
ballot since Monday has been the
deletion of several long whereas
clauses from the Citizens Advocates
proposal which the Elections Com
missioner and ASSU President Doug
McHenry felt gave it unfair advantage
over the other fee requests.
After some discussion the Senate
voted 11 to 5 to accept the report
made by the Committee on Student
Services (COSS) which recommended
that military recruiting be barred from
the formal use of the Placement
Center.
The student Senate voted last night
to officially make the date of the
ASSU primary election April 1 8
and 19, and set the run-off for aril
25 and 26.
The final ballot, though not yet
printed, was deemed officially closed
to any further changes. The only
change which has been made on the
ballot since Monday has been the
deletion of several long whereas
clauses from the Citizens Advocates
proposal which the Elections Com
missioner and ASSU President Doug
McHenry felt gave it unfair advantage
over the other fee requests.
After some discussion the Senate
voted 11 to 5 to accept the report
made by the Committee on Student
Services (COSS) which recommended
that military recruiting be barred from
the formal use of the Placement
Center.
The student Senate voted last night
to officially make the date of the
ASSU primary election April 1 8
and 19, and set the run-off for aril
25 and 26.
The final ballot, though not yet
printed, was deemed officially closed
to any further changes. The only
change which has been made on the
ballot since Monday has been the
deletion of several long whereas
clauses from the Citizens Advocates
proposal which the Elections Com
missioner and ASSU President Doug
McHenry felt gave it unfair advantage
over the other fee requests.
After some discussion the Senate
voted 11 to 5 to accept the report
made by the Committee on Student
Services (COSS) which recommended
that military recruiting be barred from
the formal use of the Placement
Center.
The student Senate voted last night
to officially make the date of the
ASSU primary election April 1 8
and 19, and set the run-off for aril
25 and 26.
The final ballot, though not yet
printed, was deemed officially closed
to any further changes. The only
change which has been made on the
ballot since Monday has been the
deletion of several long whereas
clauses from the Citizens Advocates
proposal which the Elections Com
missioner and ASSU President Doug
McHenry felt gave it unfair advantage
over the other fee requests.
After some discussion the Senate
voted 11 to 5 to accept the report
made by the Committee on Student
Services (COSS) which recommended
that military recruiting be barred from
the formal use of the Placement
Center.
The student Senate voted last night
to officially make the date of the
ASSU primary election April 1 8
and 19, and set the run-off for aril
25 and 26.
The final ballot, though not yet
printed, was deemed officially closed
to any further changes. The only
change which has been made on the
ballot since Monday has been the
deletion of several long whereas
clauses from the Citizens Advocates
proposal which the Elections Com
missioner and ASSU President Doug
McHenry felt gave it unfair advantage
over the other fee requests.
After some discussion the Senate
voted 11 to 5 to accept the report
made by the Committee on Student
Services (COSS) which recommended
that military recruiting be barred from
the formal use of the Placement
Center.
The student Senate voted last night
to officially make the date of the
ASSU primary election April 1 8
and 19, and set the run-off for aril
25 and 26.
The final ballot, though not yet
printed, was deemed officially closed
to any further changes. The only
change which has been made on the
ballot since Monday has been the
deletion of several long whereas
clauses from the Citizens Advocates
proposal which the Elections Com
missioner and ASSU President Doug
McHenry felt gave it unfair advantage
over the other fee requests.
After some discussion the Senate
voted 11 to 5 to accept the report
made by the Committee on Student
Services (COSS) which recommended
that military recruiting be barred from
the formal use of the Placement
Center.
The student Senate voted last night
to officially make the date of the
ASSU primary election April 1 8
and 19, and set the run-off for aril
25 and 26.
The final ballot, though not yet
printed, was deemed officially closed
to any further changes. The only
change which has been made on the
ballot since Monday has been the
deletion of several long whereas
clauses from the Citizens Advocates
proposal which the Elections Com
missioner and ASSU President Doug
McHenry felt gave it unfair advantage
over the other fee requests.
After some discussion the Senate
voted 11 to 5 to accept the report
made by the Committee on Student
Services (COSS) which recommended
that military recruiting be barred from
the formal use of the Placement
Center.
The student Senate voted last night
to officially make the date of the
ASSU primary election April 1 8
and 19, and set the run-off for aril
25 and 26.
The final ballot, though not yet
printed, was deemed officially closed
to any further changes. The only
change which has been made on the
ballot since Monday has been the
deletion of several long whereas
clauses from the Citizens Advocates
proposal which the Elections Com
missioner and ASSU President Doug
McHenry felt gave it unfair advantage
over the other fee requests.
After some discussion the Senate
voted 11 to 5 to accept the report
made by the Committee on Student
Services (COSS) which recommended
that military recruiting be barred from
the formal use of the Placement
Center.
The student Senate voted last night
to officially make the date of the
ASSU primary election April 1 8
and 19, and set the run-off for aril
25 and 26.
The final ballot, though not yet
printed, was deemed officially closed
to any further changes. The only
change which has been made on the
ballot since Monday has been the
deletion of several long whereas
clauses from the Citizens Advocates
proposal which the Elections Com
missioner and ASSU President Doug
McHenry felt gave it unfair advantage
over the other fee requests.
After some discussion the Senate
voted 11 to 5 to accept the report
made by the Committee on Student
Services (COSS) which recommended
that military recruiting be barred from
the formal use of the Placement
Center.
