# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Thk defeat of the Varsity nine
yesterday was due in part to the
absence of several men from the
nine but largely to the lisllessness
of the playing, combined with
some very costly errors. Criticism
of the team can not be severe at
this period of the season, but tlie
difference in the play of the team
in yesterday's and the first
Alumni game was somewhat re
markable. In.the city on a pool
diamond the team played an error
less game, while on the home
grounds their fielding was ragged
and their base-running and batting
poor. The most apparent defect of
the game yesterday was the general
lack of spirit and interest. The
approaching intercollegiate series
should lend tire and energy to the
team.
