# CARD EXTENDS STREAKS
## 
### DO-HYOUNG PARK DESK EDITOR 
Stanford women's soccer
kicked off the defense of its
four straight Pac-12 titles on a
high note, as the No. 2 Cardi
nal (8-0-1, 1-0 Pac-12) buckled
the Colorado Buffaloes (8-2, 0-
1) in Boulder, Colo., by a score
of 2-0 in both teams' confer
ence opener.

In doing so, the Cardinal con
tinued to exert its dominance on
its conference foes as it extended
its conference winning streak to
43 games, which includes 23 road
contests. Saturday's result also

marked the 13th straight year
that the team has won its confer
ence opener.
Freshman goalkeeper Jane
Campbell had another strong
match, keeping Colorado off the
scoreboard for the entire game
with two saves en route to earn
ing a shutout. Meanwhile, Stan
ford received offensive contribu-

W. SOCCER
STANFORD 2
COLORADO 0
Sept. 28, Boulder, Colo.
