# UNION PRESIDENT
## 
### 
Lorraine Wilbur, junior at Union
Residence, was elected president of
the Union Units Tuesday. The Units
also elected Lisbeth Warren, vice
president; Sue Hey, treasurer; and
Margy Bauer, chairman of the Com
mittee oi Eight.
Lorraine Wilbur, junior at Union
Residence, was elected president of
the Union Units Tuesday. The Units
also elected Lisbeth Warren, vice
president; Sue Hey, treasurer; and
Margy Bauer, chairman of the Com
mittee oi Eight.
Lorraine Wilbur, junior at Union
Residence, was elected president of
the Union Units Tuesday. The Units
also elected Lisbeth Warren, vice
president; Sue Hey, treasurer; and
Margy Bauer, chairman of the Com
mittee oi Eight.
Lorraine Wilbur, junior at Union
Residence, was elected president of
the Union Units Tuesday. The Units
also elected Lisbeth Warren, vice
president; Sue Hey, treasurer; and
Margy Bauer, chairman of the Com
mittee oi Eight.
Lorraine Wilbur, junior at Union
Residence, was elected president of
the Union Units Tuesday. The Units
also elected Lisbeth Warren, vice
president; Sue Hey, treasurer; and
Margy Bauer, chairman of the Com
mittee oi Eight.
Lorraine Wilbur, junior at Union
Residence, was elected president of
the Union Units Tuesday. The Units
also elected Lisbeth Warren, vice
president; Sue Hey, treasurer; and
Margy Bauer, chairman of the Com
mittee oi Eight.
Lorraine Wilbur, junior at Union
Residence, was elected president of
the Union Units Tuesday. The Units
also elected Lisbeth Warren, vice
president; Sue Hey, treasurer; and
Margy Bauer, chairman of the Com
mittee oi Eight.
Lorraine Wilbur, junior at Union
Residence, was elected president of
the Union Units Tuesday. The Units
also elected Lisbeth Warren, vice
president; Sue Hey, treasurer; and
Margy Bauer, chairman of the Com
mittee oi Eight.
Lorraine Wilbur, junior at Union
Residence, was elected president of
the Union Units Tuesday. The Units
also elected Lisbeth Warren, vice
president; Sue Hey, treasurer; and
Margy Bauer, chairman of the Com
mittee oi Eight.
Lorraine Wilbur, junior at Union
Residence, was elected president of
the Union Units Tuesday. The Units
also elected Lisbeth Warren, vice
president; Sue Hey, treasurer; and
Margy Bauer, chairman of the Com
mittee oi Eight.
Lorraine Wilbur, junior at Union
Residence, was elected president of
the Union Units Tuesday. The Units
also elected Lisbeth Warren, vice
president; Sue Hey, treasurer; and
Margy Bauer, chairman of the Com
mittee oi Eight.
Lorraine Wilbur, junior at Union
Residence, was elected president of
the Union Units Tuesday. The Units
also elected Lisbeth Warren, vice
president; Sue Hey, treasurer; and
Margy Bauer, chairman of the Com
mittee oi Eight.
Lorraine Wilbur, junior at Union
Residence, was elected president of
the Union Units Tuesday. The Units
also elected Lisbeth Warren, vice
president; Sue Hey, treasurer; and
Margy Bauer, chairman of the Com
mittee oi Eight.
Lorraine Wilbur, junior at Union
Residence, was elected president of
the Union Units Tuesday. The Units
also elected Lisbeth Warren, vice
president; Sue Hey, treasurer; and
Margy Bauer, chairman of the Com
mittee oi Eight.
Lorraine Wilbur, junior at Union
Residence, was elected president of
the Union Units Tuesday. The Units
also elected Lisbeth Warren, vice
president; Sue Hey, treasurer; and
Margy Bauer, chairman of the Com
mittee oi Eight.
Lorraine Wilbur, junior at Union
Residence, was elected president of
the Union Units Tuesday. The Units
also elected Lisbeth Warren, vice
president; Sue Hey, treasurer; and
Margy Bauer, chairman of the Com
mittee oi Eight.
