# VET'S EDUCATION
## 
### 
Robert A. Gilmore, field represen
tative for the California Veterans
Educational Program, will be on the
campus today to advise veteran stu
dents and answer questions pertain
ing to the program.
He will be available from 10 a.m.
until noon and from 1 to 3 p.m. in
(be Veterans Rccords OfTicc, Build
ing 100, Room 102 J. No appointments
will be necessary.
Robert A. Gilmore, field represen
tative for the California Veterans
Educational Program, will be on the
campus today to advise veteran stu
dents and answer questions pertain
ing to the program.
He will be available from 10 a.m.
until noon and from 1 to 3 p.m. in
(be Veterans Rccords OfTicc, Build
ing 100, Room 102 J. No appointments
will be necessary.
Robert A. Gilmore, field represen
tative for the California Veterans
Educational Program, will be on the
campus today to advise veteran stu
dents and answer questions pertain
ing to the program.
He will be available from 10 a.m.
until noon and from 1 to 3 p.m. in
(be Veterans Rccords OfTicc, Build
ing 100, Room 102 J. No appointments
will be necessary.
Robert A. Gilmore, field represen
tative for the California Veterans
Educational Program, will be on the
campus today to advise veteran stu
dents and answer questions pertain
ing to the program.
He will be available from 10 a.m.
until noon and from 1 to 3 p.m. in
(be Veterans Rccords OfTicc, Build
ing 100, Room 102 J. No appointments
will be necessary.
Robert A. Gilmore, field represen
tative for the California Veterans
Educational Program, will be on the
campus today to advise veteran stu
dents and answer questions pertain
ing to the program.
He will be available from 10 a.m.
until noon and from 1 to 3 p.m. in
(be Veterans Rccords OfTicc, Build
ing 100, Room 102 J. No appointments
will be necessary.
Robert A. Gilmore, field represen
tative for the California Veterans
Educational Program, will be on the
campus today to advise veteran stu
dents and answer questions pertain
ing to the program.
He will be available from 10 a.m.
until noon and from 1 to 3 p.m. in
(be Veterans Rccords OfTicc, Build
ing 100, Room 102 J. No appointments
will be necessary.
Robert A. Gilmore, field represen
tative for the California Veterans
Educational Program, will be on the
campus today to advise veteran stu
dents and answer questions pertain
ing to the program.
He will be available from 10 a.m.
until noon and from 1 to 3 p.m. in
(be Veterans Rccords OfTicc, Build
ing 100, Room 102 J. No appointments
will be necessary.
Robert A. Gilmore, field represen
tative for the California Veterans
Educational Program, will be on the
campus today to advise veteran stu
dents and answer questions pertain
ing to the program.
He will be available from 10 a.m.
until noon and from 1 to 3 p.m. in
(be Veterans Rccords OfTicc, Build
ing 100, Room 102 J. No appointments
will be necessary.
Robert A. Gilmore, field represen
tative for the California Veterans
Educational Program, will be on the
campus today to advise veteran stu
dents and answer questions pertain
ing to the program.
He will be available from 10 a.m.
until noon and from 1 to 3 p.m. in
(be Veterans Rccords OfTicc, Build
ing 100, Room 102 J. No appointments
will be necessary.
Robert A. Gilmore, field represen
tative for the California Veterans
Educational Program, will be on the
campus today to advise veteran stu
dents and answer questions pertain
ing to the program.
He will be available from 10 a.m.
until noon and from 1 to 3 p.m. in
(be Veterans Rccords OfTicc, Build
ing 100, Room 102 J. No appointments
will be necessary.
Robert A. Gilmore, field represen
tative for the California Veterans
Educational Program, will be on the
campus today to advise veteran stu
dents and answer questions pertain
ing to the program.
He will be available from 10 a.m.
until noon and from 1 to 3 p.m. in
(be Veterans Rccords OfTicc, Build
ing 100, Room 102 J. No appointments
will be necessary.
Robert A. Gilmore, field represen
tative for the California Veterans
Educational Program, will be on the
campus today to advise veteran stu
dents and answer questions pertain
ing to the program.
He will be available from 10 a.m.
until noon and from 1 to 3 p.m. in
(be Veterans Rccords OfTicc, Build
ing 100, Room 102 J. No appointments
will be necessary.
Robert A. Gilmore, field represen
tative for the California Veterans
Educational Program, will be on the
campus today to advise veteran stu
dents and answer questions pertain
ing to the program.
He will be available from 10 a.m.
until noon and from 1 to 3 p.m. in
(be Veterans Rccords OfTicc, Build
ing 100, Room 102 J. No appointments
will be necessary.
Robert A. Gilmore, field represen
tative for the California Veterans
Educational Program, will be on the
campus today to advise veteran stu
dents and answer questions pertain
ing to the program.
He will be available from 10 a.m.
until noon and from 1 to 3 p.m. in
(be Veterans Rccords OfTicc, Build
ing 100, Room 102 J. No appointments
will be necessary.
Robert A. Gilmore, field represen
tative for the California Veterans
Educational Program, will be on the
campus today to advise veteran stu
dents and answer questions pertain
ing to the program.
He will be available from 10 a.m.
until noon and from 1 to 3 p.m. in
(be Veterans Rccords OfTicc, Build
ing 100, Room 102 J. No appointments
will be necessary.
Robert A. Gilmore, field represen
tative for the California Veterans
Educational Program, will be on the
campus today to advise veteran stu
dents and answer questions pertain
ing to the program.
He will be available from 10 a.m.
until noon and from 1 to 3 p.m. in
(be Veterans Rccords OfTicc, Build
ing 100, Room 102 J. No appointments
will be necessary.
