# CLAN McDONALD TRIMS FRESHMEN AT SOCCER
## 
### 
In a close contest, the freshman soccer
j team lost to Clan McDonald Saturday
'afternoon by a score of 2-1. Both teams
displayed a clever brand of play and
machine-like precision. The passing was
good, and few errors were made. The
teams were evenly matched, and the goals
were made on well-planned and well
executed rushes down the field.
The freshmen played one of their best
games of the season in holding their op
ponents to such a close score. The Clan
McDonald team was the winner of the
second division of the University and
Club Soccer League this past season, and
went through the schedule without a de
feat. Next year this team will play the
Stanford varsity and other teams in the
first division.
In a close contest, the freshman soccer
j team lost to Clan McDonald Saturday
'afternoon by a score of 2-1. Both teams
displayed a clever brand of play and
machine-like precision. The passing was
good, and few errors were made. The
teams were evenly matched, and the goals
were made on well-planned and well
executed rushes down the field.
The freshmen played one of their best
games of the season in holding their op
ponents to such a close score. The Clan
McDonald team was the winner of the
second division of the University and
Club Soccer League this past season, and
went through the schedule without a de
feat. Next year this team will play the
Stanford varsity and other teams in the
first division.
In a close contest, the freshman soccer
j team lost to Clan McDonald Saturday
'afternoon by a score of 2-1. Both teams
displayed a clever brand of play and
machine-like precision. The passing was
good, and few errors were made. The
teams were evenly matched, and the goals
were made on well-planned and well
executed rushes down the field.
The freshmen played one of their best
games of the season in holding their op
ponents to such a close score. The Clan
McDonald team was the winner of the
second division of the University and
Club Soccer League this past season, and
went through the schedule without a de
feat. Next year this team will play the
Stanford varsity and other teams in the
first division.
In a close contest, the freshman soccer
j team lost to Clan McDonald Saturday
'afternoon by a score of 2-1. Both teams
displayed a clever brand of play and
machine-like precision. The passing was
good, and few errors were made. The
teams were evenly matched, and the goals
were made on well-planned and well
executed rushes down the field.
The freshmen played one of their best
games of the season in holding their op
ponents to such a close score. The Clan
McDonald team was the winner of the
second division of the University and
Club Soccer League this past season, and
went through the schedule without a de
feat. Next year this team will play the
Stanford varsity and other teams in the
first division.
In a close contest, the freshman soccer
j team lost to Clan McDonald Saturday
'afternoon by a score of 2-1. Both teams
displayed a clever brand of play and
machine-like precision. The passing was
good, and few errors were made. The
teams were evenly matched, and the goals
were made on well-planned and well
executed rushes down the field.
The freshmen played one of their best
games of the season in holding their op
ponents to such a close score. The Clan
McDonald team was the winner of the
second division of the University and
Club Soccer League this past season, and
went through the schedule without a de
feat. Next year this team will play the
Stanford varsity and other teams in the
first division.
In a close contest, the freshman soccer
j team lost to Clan McDonald Saturday
'afternoon by a score of 2-1. Both teams
displayed a clever brand of play and
machine-like precision. The passing was
good, and few errors were made. The
teams were evenly matched, and the goals
were made on well-planned and well
executed rushes down the field.
The freshmen played one of their best
games of the season in holding their op
ponents to such a close score. The Clan
McDonald team was the winner of the
second division of the University and
Club Soccer League this past season, and
went through the schedule without a de
feat. Next year this team will play the
Stanford varsity and other teams in the
first division.
In a close contest, the freshman soccer
j team lost to Clan McDonald Saturday
'afternoon by a score of 2-1. Both teams
displayed a clever brand of play and
machine-like precision. The passing was
good, and few errors were made. The
teams were evenly matched, and the goals
were made on well-planned and well
executed rushes down the field.
The freshmen played one of their best
games of the season in holding their op
ponents to such a close score. The Clan
McDonald team was the winner of the
second division of the University and
Club Soccer League this past season, and
went through the schedule without a de
feat. Next year this team will play the
Stanford varsity and other teams in the
first division.
In a close contest, the freshman soccer
j team lost to Clan McDonald Saturday
'afternoon by a score of 2-1. Both teams
displayed a clever brand of play and
machine-like precision. The passing was
good, and few errors were made. The
teams were evenly matched, and the goals
were made on well-planned and well
executed rushes down the field.
The freshmen played one of their best
games of the season in holding their op
ponents to such a close score. The Clan
McDonald team was the winner of the
second division of the University and
Club Soccer League this past season, and
went through the schedule without a de
feat. Next year this team will play the
Stanford varsity and other teams in the
first division.
In a close contest, the freshman soccer
j team lost to Clan McDonald Saturday
'afternoon by a score of 2-1. Both teams
displayed a clever brand of play and
machine-like precision. The passing was
good, and few errors were made. The
teams were evenly matched, and the goals
were made on well-planned and well
executed rushes down the field.
The freshmen played one of their best
games of the season in holding their op
ponents to such a close score. The Clan
McDonald team was the winner of the
second division of the University and
Club Soccer League this past season, and
went through the schedule without a de
feat. Next year this team will play the
Stanford varsity and other teams in the
first division.
In a close contest, the freshman soccer
j team lost to Clan McDonald Saturday
'afternoon by a score of 2-1. Both teams
displayed a clever brand of play and
machine-like precision. The passing was
good, and few errors were made. The
teams were evenly matched, and the goals
were made on well-planned and well
executed rushes down the field.
The freshmen played one of their best
games of the season in holding their op
ponents to such a close score. The Clan
McDonald team was the winner of the
second division of the University and
Club Soccer League this past season, and
went through the schedule without a de
feat. Next year this team will play the
Stanford varsity and other teams in the
first division.
In a close contest, the freshman soccer
j team lost to Clan McDonald Saturday
'afternoon by a score of 2-1. Both teams
displayed a clever brand of play and
machine-like precision. The passing was
good, and few errors were made. The
teams were evenly matched, and the goals
were made on well-planned and well
executed rushes down the field.
The freshmen played one of their best
games of the season in holding their op
ponents to such a close score. The Clan
McDonald team was the winner of the
second division of the University and
Club Soccer League this past season, and
went through the schedule without a de
feat. Next year this team will play the
Stanford varsity and other teams in the
first division.
In a close contest, the freshman soccer
j team lost to Clan McDonald Saturday
'afternoon by a score of 2-1. Both teams
displayed a clever brand of play and
machine-like precision. The passing was
good, and few errors were made. The
teams were evenly matched, and the goals
were made on well-planned and well
executed rushes down the field.
The freshmen played one of their best
games of the season in holding their op
ponents to such a close score. The Clan
McDonald team was the winner of the
second division of the University and
Club Soccer League this past season, and
went through the schedule without a de
feat. Next year this team will play the
Stanford varsity and other teams in the
first division.
In a close contest, the freshman soccer
j team lost to Clan McDonald Saturday
'afternoon by a score of 2-1. Both teams
displayed a clever brand of play and
machine-like precision. The passing was
good, and few errors were made. The
teams were evenly matched, and the goals
were made on well-planned and well
executed rushes down the field.
The freshmen played one of their best
games of the season in holding their op
ponents to such a close score. The Clan
McDonald team was the winner of the
second division of the University and
Club Soccer League this past season, and
went through the schedule without a de
feat. Next year this team will play the
Stanford varsity and other teams in the
first division.
In a close contest, the freshman soccer
j team lost to Clan McDonald Saturday
'afternoon by a score of 2-1. Both teams
displayed a clever brand of play and
machine-like precision. The passing was
good, and few errors were made. The
teams were evenly matched, and the goals
were made on well-planned and well
executed rushes down the field.
The freshmen played one of their best
games of the season in holding their op
ponents to such a close score. The Clan
McDonald team was the winner of the
second division of the University and
Club Soccer League this past season, and
went through the schedule without a de
feat. Next year this team will play the
Stanford varsity and other teams in the
first division.
In a close contest, the freshman soccer
j team lost to Clan McDonald Saturday
'afternoon by a score of 2-1. Both teams
displayed a clever brand of play and
machine-like precision. The passing was
good, and few errors were made. The
teams were evenly matched, and the goals
were made on well-planned and well
executed rushes down the field.
The freshmen played one of their best
games of the season in holding their op
ponents to such a close score. The Clan
McDonald team was the winner of the
second division of the University and
Club Soccer League this past season, and
went through the schedule without a de
feat. Next year this team will play the
Stanford varsity and other teams in the
first division.
