# Roughs Start Queening As Roost Is Forced to Close After 8 O'Clock
## 
### 
Due to the superior attraction of the j
lake and cactus garden for the roughs I
and queeners during the last few nights,!
the Union cafeteria has been forced to j
cease operations after 8 p. m. So few
have been wandering in to spend their
time and money that the "Ruffs' Roost"
was being kept open at a financial loss,
according to Miss Etta H. Handy. How- |
ever, it will be opened again as soon as
it is possible to run it profitably from
the hours of 8 to 12.
Due to the superior attraction of the j
lake and cactus garden for the roughs I
and queeners during the last few nights,!
the Union cafeteria has been forced to j
cease operations after 8 p. m. So few
have been wandering in to spend their
time and money that the "Ruffs' Roost"
was being kept open at a financial loss,
according to Miss Etta H. Handy. How- |
ever, it will be opened again as soon as
it is possible to run it profitably from
the hours of 8 to 12.
Due to the superior attraction of the j
lake and cactus garden for the roughs I
and queeners during the last few nights,!
the Union cafeteria has been forced to j
cease operations after 8 p. m. So few
have been wandering in to spend their
time and money that the "Ruffs' Roost"
was being kept open at a financial loss,
according to Miss Etta H. Handy. How- |
ever, it will be opened again as soon as
it is possible to run it profitably from
the hours of 8 to 12.
Due to the superior attraction of the j
lake and cactus garden for the roughs I
and queeners during the last few nights,!
the Union cafeteria has been forced to j
cease operations after 8 p. m. So few
have been wandering in to spend their
time and money that the "Ruffs' Roost"
was being kept open at a financial loss,
according to Miss Etta H. Handy. How- |
ever, it will be opened again as soon as
it is possible to run it profitably from
the hours of 8 to 12.
Due to the superior attraction of the j
lake and cactus garden for the roughs I
and queeners during the last few nights,!
the Union cafeteria has been forced to j
cease operations after 8 p. m. So few
have been wandering in to spend their
time and money that the "Ruffs' Roost"
was being kept open at a financial loss,
according to Miss Etta H. Handy. How- |
ever, it will be opened again as soon as
it is possible to run it profitably from
the hours of 8 to 12.
Due to the superior attraction of the j
lake and cactus garden for the roughs I
and queeners during the last few nights,!
the Union cafeteria has been forced to j
cease operations after 8 p. m. So few
have been wandering in to spend their
time and money that the "Ruffs' Roost"
was being kept open at a financial loss,
according to Miss Etta H. Handy. How- |
ever, it will be opened again as soon as
it is possible to run it profitably from
the hours of 8 to 12.
Due to the superior attraction of the j
lake and cactus garden for the roughs I
and queeners during the last few nights,!
the Union cafeteria has been forced to j
cease operations after 8 p. m. So few
have been wandering in to spend their
time and money that the "Ruffs' Roost"
was being kept open at a financial loss,
according to Miss Etta H. Handy. How- |
ever, it will be opened again as soon as
it is possible to run it profitably from
the hours of 8 to 12.
Due to the superior attraction of the j
lake and cactus garden for the roughs I
and queeners during the last few nights,!
the Union cafeteria has been forced to j
cease operations after 8 p. m. So few
have been wandering in to spend their
time and money that the "Ruffs' Roost"
was being kept open at a financial loss,
according to Miss Etta H. Handy. How- |
ever, it will be opened again as soon as
it is possible to run it profitably from
the hours of 8 to 12.
Due to the superior attraction of the j
lake and cactus garden for the roughs I
and queeners during the last few nights,!
the Union cafeteria has been forced to j
cease operations after 8 p. m. So few
have been wandering in to spend their
time and money that the "Ruffs' Roost"
was being kept open at a financial loss,
according to Miss Etta H. Handy. How- |
ever, it will be opened again as soon as
it is possible to run it profitably from
the hours of 8 to 12.
Due to the superior attraction of the j
lake and cactus garden for the roughs I
and queeners during the last few nights,!
the Union cafeteria has been forced to j
cease operations after 8 p. m. So few
have been wandering in to spend their
time and money that the "Ruffs' Roost"
was being kept open at a financial loss,
according to Miss Etta H. Handy. How- |
ever, it will be opened again as soon as
it is possible to run it profitably from
the hours of 8 to 12.
Due to the superior attraction of the j
lake and cactus garden for the roughs I
and queeners during the last few nights,!
the Union cafeteria has been forced to j
cease operations after 8 p. m. So few
have been wandering in to spend their
time and money that the "Ruffs' Roost"
was being kept open at a financial loss,
according to Miss Etta H. Handy. How- |
ever, it will be opened again as soon as
it is possible to run it profitably from
the hours of 8 to 12.
Due to the superior attraction of the j
lake and cactus garden for the roughs I
and queeners during the last few nights,!
the Union cafeteria has been forced to j
cease operations after 8 p. m. So few
have been wandering in to spend their
time and money that the "Ruffs' Roost"
was being kept open at a financial loss,
according to Miss Etta H. Handy. How- |
ever, it will be opened again as soon as
it is possible to run it profitably from
the hours of 8 to 12.
Due to the superior attraction of the j
lake and cactus garden for the roughs I
and queeners during the last few nights,!
the Union cafeteria has been forced to j
cease operations after 8 p. m. So few
have been wandering in to spend their
time and money that the "Ruffs' Roost"
was being kept open at a financial loss,
according to Miss Etta H. Handy. How- |
ever, it will be opened again as soon as
it is possible to run it profitably from
the hours of 8 to 12.
Due to the superior attraction of the j
lake and cactus garden for the roughs I
and queeners during the last few nights,!
the Union cafeteria has been forced to j
cease operations after 8 p. m. So few
have been wandering in to spend their
time and money that the "Ruffs' Roost"
was being kept open at a financial loss,
according to Miss Etta H. Handy. How- |
ever, it will be opened again as soon as
it is possible to run it profitably from
the hours of 8 to 12.
Due to the superior attraction of the j
lake and cactus garden for the roughs I
and queeners during the last few nights,!
the Union cafeteria has been forced to j
cease operations after 8 p. m. So few
have been wandering in to spend their
time and money that the "Ruffs' Roost"
was being kept open at a financial loss,
according to Miss Etta H. Handy. How- |
ever, it will be opened again as soon as
it is possible to run it profitably from
the hours of 8 to 12.
