# STUDENT RATES AVAILABLE
## 
### 
Stanford students are being offered
special admission rates to the initial
concert of the Philharmonic summer
series which will be presented by the
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra on
July 19 at the Woodland Theater in
Hillsborough.
Stanford students are being offered
special admission rates to the initial
concert of the Philharmonic summer
series which will be presented by the
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra on
July 19 at the Woodland Theater in
Hillsborough.
Stanford students are being offered
special admission rates to the initial
concert of the Philharmonic summer
series which will be presented by the
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra on
July 19 at the Woodland Theater in
Hillsborough.
Stanford students are being offered
special admission rates to the initial
concert of the Philharmonic summer
series which will be presented by the
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra on
July 19 at the Woodland Theater in
Hillsborough.
Stanford students are being offered
special admission rates to the initial
concert of the Philharmonic summer
series which will be presented by the
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra on
July 19 at the Woodland Theater in
Hillsborough.
Stanford students are being offered
special admission rates to the initial
concert of the Philharmonic summer
series which will be presented by the
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra on
July 19 at the Woodland Theater in
Hillsborough.
Stanford students are being offered
special admission rates to the initial
concert of the Philharmonic summer
series which will be presented by the
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra on
July 19 at the Woodland Theater in
Hillsborough.
Stanford students are being offered
special admission rates to the initial
concert of the Philharmonic summer
series which will be presented by the
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra on
July 19 at the Woodland Theater in
Hillsborough.
Stanford students are being offered
special admission rates to the initial
concert of the Philharmonic summer
series which will be presented by the
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra on
July 19 at the Woodland Theater in
Hillsborough.
Stanford students are being offered
special admission rates to the initial
concert of the Philharmonic summer
series which will be presented by the
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra on
July 19 at the Woodland Theater in
Hillsborough.
Stanford students are being offered
special admission rates to the initial
concert of the Philharmonic summer
series which will be presented by the
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra on
July 19 at the Woodland Theater in
Hillsborough.
Stanford students are being offered
special admission rates to the initial
concert of the Philharmonic summer
series which will be presented by the
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra on
July 19 at the Woodland Theater in
Hillsborough.
Stanford students are being offered
special admission rates to the initial
concert of the Philharmonic summer
series which will be presented by the
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra on
July 19 at the Woodland Theater in
Hillsborough.
Stanford students are being offered
special admission rates to the initial
concert of the Philharmonic summer
series which will be presented by the
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra on
July 19 at the Woodland Theater in
Hillsborough.
Stanford students are being offered
special admission rates to the initial
concert of the Philharmonic summer
series which will be presented by the
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra on
July 19 at the Woodland Theater in
Hillsborough.
Stanford students are being offered
special admission rates to the initial
concert of the Philharmonic summer
series which will be presented by the
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra on
July 19 at the Woodland Theater in
Hillsborough.
