# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
MISCELLANEOUS
ROB ROY BEACH
On Monterey Bay
Grand opening May 2 and 3. Free
dancing and all beach privileges, i
Meals served 50c per person. Come
and enjoy yourselves on the clean
est and safest beach on Monterey
Bay.
PUBLIC STENOGRAPHER
ISABEL HARVIELLE—Notary Pub- ,
lie. Mimeographing; Thesis typing.
Private instruction in typing and
Gregg Shorthand. D hone 46(53, 219
University Ave.
L'AIGLON CAFE—French cooking,
specialty. Steak dinner every
night. Homemade pastry. 173 1
Lytton Ave.
1 HOBART CHENOWETH, Licensed
Contractor. Specializing in re
modeling homes, stores, offices,
and garages. Phone P.A. 2151 G.
HIGHEST PRICES paid for old
clothing and shoes. We do all
kinds of tailoring at the lowest
prices. College Clothes, Ifi 1 U;ii
i versity Ave. Phone 8292. 1
