# Adv. 6 Page 2
## 
### 
CHILI
AND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
300 Yards South of Dinah's
«
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
•
Sanitary cabins with pas,
running water, heat; at
daily, Weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI
AND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
300 Yards South of Dinah's
«
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
•
Sanitary cabins with pas,
running water, heat; at
daily, Weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI
AND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
300 Yards South of Dinah's
«
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
•
Sanitary cabins with pas,
running water, heat; at
daily, Weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI
AND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
300 Yards South of Dinah's
«
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
•
Sanitary cabins with pas,
running water, heat; at
daily, Weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI
AND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
300 Yards South of Dinah's
«
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
•
Sanitary cabins with pas,
running water, heat; at
daily, Weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI
AND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
300 Yards South of Dinah's
«
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
•
Sanitary cabins with pas,
running water, heat; at
daily, Weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI
AND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
300 Yards South of Dinah's
«
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
•
Sanitary cabins with pas,
running water, heat; at
daily, Weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI
AND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
300 Yards South of Dinah's
«
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
•
Sanitary cabins with pas,
running water, heat; at
daily, Weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI
AND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
300 Yards South of Dinah's
«
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
•
Sanitary cabins with pas,
running water, heat; at
daily, Weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI
AND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
300 Yards South of Dinah's
«
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
•
Sanitary cabins with pas,
running water, heat; at
daily, Weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI
AND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
300 Yards South of Dinah's
«
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
•
Sanitary cabins with pas,
running water, heat; at
daily, Weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI
AND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
300 Yards South of Dinah's
«
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
•
Sanitary cabins with pas,
running water, heat; at
daily, Weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI
AND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
300 Yards South of Dinah's
«
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
•
Sanitary cabins with pas,
running water, heat; at
daily, Weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI
AND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
300 Yards South of Dinah's
«
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
•
Sanitary cabins with pas,
running water, heat; at
daily, Weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
CHILI
AND SANDWICH SHOP
IN CONNECTION WITH
101 AUTO CAMP
300 Yards South of Dinah's
«
LUNCHES SERVED IN
CABINS
•
Sanitary cabins with pas,
running water, heat; at
daily, Weekly, and
monthly rates
OPEN ALL NIGHT
