# POEMS OF STANFORD STUDENTS HONORED
## 
### 
Poems by Rowcna Lockett, Nane
lia Siegfried, and George Starbird,
Stanford students, are included in
"Best College Verse, 1931," which
was published by Harper and Broth
ers May 1.
The poems are among the .140 se
lected from more than 4.000 sub
mitted by 238 colleges. Jessie Reh
der is the editor of the volume and
Christopher Morley has written the
Poems by Rowcna Lockett, Nane
lia Siegfried, and George Starbird,
Stanford students, are included in
"Best College Verse, 1931," which
was published by Harper and Broth
ers May 1.
The poems are among the .140 se
lected from more than 4.000 sub
mitted by 238 colleges. Jessie Reh
der is the editor of the volume and
Christopher Morley has written the
Poems by Rowcna Lockett, Nane
lia Siegfried, and George Starbird,
Stanford students, are included in
"Best College Verse, 1931," which
was published by Harper and Broth
ers May 1.
The poems are among the .140 se
lected from more than 4.000 sub
mitted by 238 colleges. Jessie Reh
der is the editor of the volume and
Christopher Morley has written the
Poems by Rowcna Lockett, Nane
lia Siegfried, and George Starbird,
Stanford students, are included in
"Best College Verse, 1931," which
was published by Harper and Broth
ers May 1.
The poems are among the .140 se
lected from more than 4.000 sub
mitted by 238 colleges. Jessie Reh
der is the editor of the volume and
Christopher Morley has written the
Poems by Rowcna Lockett, Nane
lia Siegfried, and George Starbird,
Stanford students, are included in
"Best College Verse, 1931," which
was published by Harper and Broth
ers May 1.
The poems are among the .140 se
lected from more than 4.000 sub
mitted by 238 colleges. Jessie Reh
der is the editor of the volume and
Christopher Morley has written the
Poems by Rowcna Lockett, Nane
lia Siegfried, and George Starbird,
Stanford students, are included in
"Best College Verse, 1931," which
was published by Harper and Broth
ers May 1.
The poems are among the .140 se
lected from more than 4.000 sub
mitted by 238 colleges. Jessie Reh
der is the editor of the volume and
Christopher Morley has written the
Poems by Rowcna Lockett, Nane
lia Siegfried, and George Starbird,
Stanford students, are included in
"Best College Verse, 1931," which
was published by Harper and Broth
ers May 1.
The poems are among the .140 se
lected from more than 4.000 sub
mitted by 238 colleges. Jessie Reh
der is the editor of the volume and
Christopher Morley has written the
Poems by Rowcna Lockett, Nane
lia Siegfried, and George Starbird,
Stanford students, are included in
"Best College Verse, 1931," which
was published by Harper and Broth
ers May 1.
The poems are among the .140 se
lected from more than 4.000 sub
mitted by 238 colleges. Jessie Reh
der is the editor of the volume and
Christopher Morley has written the
Poems by Rowcna Lockett, Nane
lia Siegfried, and George Starbird,
Stanford students, are included in
"Best College Verse, 1931," which
was published by Harper and Broth
ers May 1.
The poems are among the .140 se
lected from more than 4.000 sub
mitted by 238 colleges. Jessie Reh
der is the editor of the volume and
Christopher Morley has written the
Poems by Rowcna Lockett, Nane
lia Siegfried, and George Starbird,
Stanford students, are included in
"Best College Verse, 1931," which
was published by Harper and Broth
ers May 1.
The poems are among the .140 se
lected from more than 4.000 sub
mitted by 238 colleges. Jessie Reh
der is the editor of the volume and
Christopher Morley has written the
Poems by Rowcna Lockett, Nane
lia Siegfried, and George Starbird,
Stanford students, are included in
"Best College Verse, 1931," which
was published by Harper and Broth
ers May 1.
The poems are among the .140 se
lected from more than 4.000 sub
mitted by 238 colleges. Jessie Reh
der is the editor of the volume and
Christopher Morley has written the
Poems by Rowcna Lockett, Nane
lia Siegfried, and George Starbird,
Stanford students, are included in
"Best College Verse, 1931," which
was published by Harper and Broth
ers May 1.
The poems are among the .140 se
lected from more than 4.000 sub
mitted by 238 colleges. Jessie Reh
der is the editor of the volume and
Christopher Morley has written the
Poems by Rowcna Lockett, Nane
lia Siegfried, and George Starbird,
Stanford students, are included in
"Best College Verse, 1931," which
was published by Harper and Broth
ers May 1.
The poems are among the .140 se
lected from more than 4.000 sub
mitted by 238 colleges. Jessie Reh
der is the editor of the volume and
Christopher Morley has written the
Poems by Rowcna Lockett, Nane
lia Siegfried, and George Starbird,
Stanford students, are included in
"Best College Verse, 1931," which
was published by Harper and Broth
ers May 1.
The poems are among the .140 se
lected from more than 4.000 sub
mitted by 238 colleges. Jessie Reh
der is the editor of the volume and
Christopher Morley has written the
Poems by Rowcna Lockett, Nane
lia Siegfried, and George Starbird,
Stanford students, are included in
"Best College Verse, 1931," which
was published by Harper and Broth
ers May 1.
The poems are among the .140 se
lected from more than 4.000 sub
mitted by 238 colleges. Jessie Reh
der is the editor of the volume and
Christopher Morley has written the
