# AT ROUGH'S ROOST
## 
### 
Choc malts are twice the depth of
ordinary malts. "The Roost" has been
lengthened. University Creamery.—
Adv.
Choc malts are twice the depth of
ordinary malts. "The Roost" has been
lengthened. University Creamery.—
Adv.
Choc malts are twice the depth of
ordinary malts. "The Roost" has been
lengthened. University Creamery.—
Adv.
Choc malts are twice the depth of
ordinary malts. "The Roost" has been
lengthened. University Creamery.—
Adv.
Choc malts are twice the depth of
ordinary malts. "The Roost" has been
lengthened. University Creamery.—
Adv.
Choc malts are twice the depth of
ordinary malts. "The Roost" has been
lengthened. University Creamery.—
Adv.
Choc malts are twice the depth of
ordinary malts. "The Roost" has been
lengthened. University Creamery.—
Adv.
Choc malts are twice the depth of
ordinary malts. "The Roost" has been
lengthened. University Creamery.—
Adv.
Choc malts are twice the depth of
ordinary malts. "The Roost" has been
lengthened. University Creamery.—
Adv.
Choc malts are twice the depth of
ordinary malts. "The Roost" has been
lengthened. University Creamery.—
Adv.
Choc malts are twice the depth of
ordinary malts. "The Roost" has been
lengthened. University Creamery.—
Adv.
Choc malts are twice the depth of
ordinary malts. "The Roost" has been
lengthened. University Creamery.—
Adv.
Choc malts are twice the depth of
ordinary malts. "The Roost" has been
lengthened. University Creamery.—
Adv.
Choc malts are twice the depth of
ordinary malts. "The Roost" has been
lengthened. University Creamery.—
Adv.
Choc malts are twice the depth of
ordinary malts. "The Roost" has been
lengthened. University Creamery.—
Adv.
