# Sports The Stanford Daily
## 
### 

AIR ATTACK —Stanford's passing attack has ranged from good to great this year. With Bobby
Garrett pitching and ends Sam Morley and John Steinberg catching, Stanford rates next to Wash
ington in PCC passing statistics. Garrett and San Jose's Lynn Aplanalp should engage in a pyro
technical battle tomororw.

AIR ATTACK —Stanford's passing attack has ranged from good to great this year. With Bobby
Garrett pitching and ends Sam Morley and John Steinberg catching, Stanford rates next to Wash
ington in PCC passing statistics. Garrett and San Jose's Lynn Aplanalp should engage in a pyro
technical battle tomororw.

AIR ATTACK —Stanford's passing attack has ranged from good to great this year. With Bobby
Garrett pitching and ends Sam Morley and John Steinberg catching, Stanford rates next to Wash
ington in PCC passing statistics. Garrett and San Jose's Lynn Aplanalp should engage in a pyro
technical battle tomororw.

AIR ATTACK —Stanford's passing attack has ranged from good to great this year. With Bobby
Garrett pitching and ends Sam Morley and John Steinberg catching, Stanford rates next to Wash
ington in PCC passing statistics. Garrett and San Jose's Lynn Aplanalp should engage in a pyro
technical battle tomororw.

AIR ATTACK —Stanford's passing attack has ranged from good to great this year. With Bobby
Garrett pitching and ends Sam Morley and John Steinberg catching, Stanford rates next to Wash
ington in PCC passing statistics. Garrett and San Jose's Lynn Aplanalp should engage in a pyro
technical battle tomororw.

AIR ATTACK —Stanford's passing attack has ranged from good to great this year. With Bobby
Garrett pitching and ends Sam Morley and John Steinberg catching, Stanford rates next to Wash
ington in PCC passing statistics. Garrett and San Jose's Lynn Aplanalp should engage in a pyro
technical battle tomororw.

AIR ATTACK —Stanford's passing attack has ranged from good to great this year. With Bobby
Garrett pitching and ends Sam Morley and John Steinberg catching, Stanford rates next to Wash
ington in PCC passing statistics. Garrett and San Jose's Lynn Aplanalp should engage in a pyro
technical battle tomororw.

AIR ATTACK —Stanford's passing attack has ranged from good to great this year. With Bobby
Garrett pitching and ends Sam Morley and John Steinberg catching, Stanford rates next to Wash
ington in PCC passing statistics. Garrett and San Jose's Lynn Aplanalp should engage in a pyro
technical battle tomororw.

AIR ATTACK —Stanford's passing attack has ranged from good to great this year. With Bobby
Garrett pitching and ends Sam Morley and John Steinberg catching, Stanford rates next to Wash
ington in PCC passing statistics. Garrett and San Jose's Lynn Aplanalp should engage in a pyro
technical battle tomororw.

AIR ATTACK —Stanford's passing attack has ranged from good to great this year. With Bobby
Garrett pitching and ends Sam Morley and John Steinberg catching, Stanford rates next to Wash
ington in PCC passing statistics. Garrett and San Jose's Lynn Aplanalp should engage in a pyro
technical battle tomororw.

AIR ATTACK —Stanford's passing attack has ranged from good to great this year. With Bobby
Garrett pitching and ends Sam Morley and John Steinberg catching, Stanford rates next to Wash
ington in PCC passing statistics. Garrett and San Jose's Lynn Aplanalp should engage in a pyro
technical battle tomororw.

AIR ATTACK —Stanford's passing attack has ranged from good to great this year. With Bobby
Garrett pitching and ends Sam Morley and John Steinberg catching, Stanford rates next to Wash
ington in PCC passing statistics. Garrett and San Jose's Lynn Aplanalp should engage in a pyro
technical battle tomororw.

AIR ATTACK —Stanford's passing attack has ranged from good to great this year. With Bobby
Garrett pitching and ends Sam Morley and John Steinberg catching, Stanford rates next to Wash
ington in PCC passing statistics. Garrett and San Jose's Lynn Aplanalp should engage in a pyro
technical battle tomororw.

AIR ATTACK —Stanford's passing attack has ranged from good to great this year. With Bobby
Garrett pitching and ends Sam Morley and John Steinberg catching, Stanford rates next to Wash
ington in PCC passing statistics. Garrett and San Jose's Lynn Aplanalp should engage in a pyro
technical battle tomororw.

AIR ATTACK —Stanford's passing attack has ranged from good to great this year. With Bobby
Garrett pitching and ends Sam Morley and John Steinberg catching, Stanford rates next to Wash
ington in PCC passing statistics. Garrett and San Jose's Lynn Aplanalp should engage in a pyro
technical battle tomororw.

AIR ATTACK —Stanford's passing attack has ranged from good to great this year. With Bobby
Garrett pitching and ends Sam Morley and John Steinberg catching, Stanford rates next to Wash
ington in PCC passing statistics. Garrett and San Jose's Lynn Aplanalp should engage in a pyro
technical battle tomororw.
