# OATQ
## 
### 
Canterbury: Sunday, 8 am.,
Freshmen communion and break
fast at Canterbury House. Cars
leave dorms at 7:4.1 a.m.
Rally Com: 10 a.m., Rally Com
Office."
Canterbury: Sunday, 8 am.,
Freshmen communion and break
fast at Canterbury House. Cars
leave dorms at 7:4.1 a.m.
Rally Com: 10 a.m., Rally Com
Office."
Canterbury: Sunday, 8 am.,
Freshmen communion and break
fast at Canterbury House. Cars
leave dorms at 7:4.1 a.m.
Rally Com: 10 a.m., Rally Com
Office."
Canterbury: Sunday, 8 am.,
Freshmen communion and break
fast at Canterbury House. Cars
leave dorms at 7:4.1 a.m.
Rally Com: 10 a.m., Rally Com
Office."
Canterbury: Sunday, 8 am.,
Freshmen communion and break
fast at Canterbury House. Cars
leave dorms at 7:4.1 a.m.
Rally Com: 10 a.m., Rally Com
Office."
Canterbury: Sunday, 8 am.,
Freshmen communion and break
fast at Canterbury House. Cars
leave dorms at 7:4.1 a.m.
Rally Com: 10 a.m., Rally Com
Office."
Canterbury: Sunday, 8 am.,
Freshmen communion and break
fast at Canterbury House. Cars
leave dorms at 7:4.1 a.m.
Rally Com: 10 a.m., Rally Com
Office."
Canterbury: Sunday, 8 am.,
Freshmen communion and break
fast at Canterbury House. Cars
leave dorms at 7:4.1 a.m.
Rally Com: 10 a.m., Rally Com
Office."
Canterbury: Sunday, 8 am.,
Freshmen communion and break
fast at Canterbury House. Cars
leave dorms at 7:4.1 a.m.
Rally Com: 10 a.m., Rally Com
Office."
Canterbury: Sunday, 8 am.,
Freshmen communion and break
fast at Canterbury House. Cars
leave dorms at 7:4.1 a.m.
Rally Com: 10 a.m., Rally Com
Office."
Canterbury: Sunday, 8 am.,
Freshmen communion and break
fast at Canterbury House. Cars
leave dorms at 7:4.1 a.m.
Rally Com: 10 a.m., Rally Com
Office."
Canterbury: Sunday, 8 am.,
Freshmen communion and break
fast at Canterbury House. Cars
leave dorms at 7:4.1 a.m.
Rally Com: 10 a.m., Rally Com
Office."
Canterbury: Sunday, 8 am.,
Freshmen communion and break
fast at Canterbury House. Cars
leave dorms at 7:4.1 a.m.
Rally Com: 10 a.m., Rally Com
Office."
Canterbury: Sunday, 8 am.,
Freshmen communion and break
fast at Canterbury House. Cars
leave dorms at 7:4.1 a.m.
Rally Com: 10 a.m., Rally Com
Office."
Canterbury: Sunday, 8 am.,
Freshmen communion and break
fast at Canterbury House. Cars
leave dorms at 7:4.1 a.m.
Rally Com: 10 a.m., Rally Com
Office."
Canterbury: Sunday, 8 am.,
Freshmen communion and break
fast at Canterbury House. Cars
leave dorms at 7:4.1 a.m.
Rally Com: 10 a.m., Rally Com
Office."
Canterbury: Sunday, 8 am.,
Freshmen communion and break
fast at Canterbury House. Cars
leave dorms at 7:4.1 a.m.
Rally Com: 10 a.m., Rally Com
Office."
