# Jazz Concert Set in Sausalito
## 
### 
"Jazz at the Gate" at the Gate
Playhouse in Sausalilo will con
sist of two performances of Dixie
land Jazz at 1:30 and 3:43 p.m.,
Sunday, Sept. 27. Admission is
.$1.50 general admission and $1.25
for students.
These performances have been
motivated by the student response
to stereocasts from KPO last
spring.
Lee Crosby is M.C. and leader of
his Esluary Band. Featured artist
is Burt Bales, piano star of Mon
terey's Jazz Festival. Guest star
this week is Jesse Fuller.
Other artists are Bob Milke,
trombone; Frank (Big Boy >
Goudie, clarinet; Dick Oxtard,
banjo; Bill Ericson, trumpet; Don
Marchand, drum and Jaguar re
cording artists Suzanne Sumners
and Heidi Fweetine.
