# Hazing Ban Reviewed
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO (/P) - Ally.
Gen. Stanley Mo.sk Thursday said
he is preparing a letter to presi
dents of the state's colleges and
universities calling attention to
a recently enacted ban on hazing.
Mosk said I he importance of the
new law is emphasized by the
"recent unfortunate incident at a
major university in Southern Cali
fornia resulting in the death of
a young student."
Richard Swanson, 21, of Los
Angelqs, a dental student at Uni
versity of Southern California,
strangled to death on a hunk of
raw liver he had been ordered to
swallow in a fraternity initiation.
The new hazing law adopted by
the last Legislature, became ef
fective Sept. 18, one day after
Swan.son's death.
It makes it a misdemeanor,
punishable by maximum of six
months in jail and a $.300 fine,
for any person attending a public
or private school to take part in
hazing or committing any act
which injures, degrades or dis
graces another person in the in
stitution.
SAN FRANCISCO (/P) - Ally.
Gen. Stanley Mo.sk Thursday said
he is preparing a letter to presi
dents of the state's colleges and
universities calling attention to
a recently enacted ban on hazing.
Mosk said I he importance of the
new law is emphasized by the
"recent unfortunate incident at a
major university in Southern Cali
fornia resulting in the death of
a young student."
Richard Swanson, 21, of Los
Angelqs, a dental student at Uni
versity of Southern California,
strangled to death on a hunk of
raw liver he had been ordered to
swallow in a fraternity initiation.
The new hazing law adopted by
the last Legislature, became ef
fective Sept. 18, one day after
Swan.son's death.
It makes it a misdemeanor,
punishable by maximum of six
months in jail and a $.300 fine,
for any person attending a public
or private school to take part in
hazing or committing any act
which injures, degrades or dis
graces another person in the in
stitution.
SAN FRANCISCO (/P) - Ally.
Gen. Stanley Mo.sk Thursday said
he is preparing a letter to presi
dents of the state's colleges and
universities calling attention to
a recently enacted ban on hazing.
Mosk said I he importance of the
new law is emphasized by the
"recent unfortunate incident at a
major university in Southern Cali
fornia resulting in the death of
a young student."
Richard Swanson, 21, of Los
Angelqs, a dental student at Uni
versity of Southern California,
strangled to death on a hunk of
raw liver he had been ordered to
swallow in a fraternity initiation.
The new hazing law adopted by
the last Legislature, became ef
fective Sept. 18, one day after
Swan.son's death.
It makes it a misdemeanor,
punishable by maximum of six
months in jail and a $.300 fine,
for any person attending a public
or private school to take part in
hazing or committing any act
which injures, degrades or dis
graces another person in the in
stitution.
SAN FRANCISCO (/P) - Ally.
Gen. Stanley Mo.sk Thursday said
he is preparing a letter to presi
dents of the state's colleges and
universities calling attention to
a recently enacted ban on hazing.
Mosk said I he importance of the
new law is emphasized by the
"recent unfortunate incident at a
major university in Southern Cali
fornia resulting in the death of
a young student."
Richard Swanson, 21, of Los
Angelqs, a dental student at Uni
versity of Southern California,
strangled to death on a hunk of
raw liver he had been ordered to
swallow in a fraternity initiation.
The new hazing law adopted by
the last Legislature, became ef
fective Sept. 18, one day after
Swan.son's death.
It makes it a misdemeanor,
punishable by maximum of six
months in jail and a $.300 fine,
for any person attending a public
or private school to take part in
hazing or committing any act
which injures, degrades or dis
graces another person in the in
stitution.
SAN FRANCISCO (/P) - Ally.
Gen. Stanley Mo.sk Thursday said
he is preparing a letter to presi
dents of the state's colleges and
universities calling attention to
a recently enacted ban on hazing.
Mosk said I he importance of the
new law is emphasized by the
"recent unfortunate incident at a
major university in Southern Cali
fornia resulting in the death of
a young student."
Richard Swanson, 21, of Los
Angelqs, a dental student at Uni
versity of Southern California,
strangled to death on a hunk of
raw liver he had been ordered to
swallow in a fraternity initiation.
The new hazing law adopted by
the last Legislature, became ef
fective Sept. 18, one day after
Swan.son's death.
It makes it a misdemeanor,
punishable by maximum of six
months in jail and a $.300 fine,
for any person attending a public
or private school to take part in
hazing or committing any act
which injures, degrades or dis
graces another person in the in
stitution.
SAN FRANCISCO (/P) - Ally.
Gen. Stanley Mo.sk Thursday said
he is preparing a letter to presi
dents of the state's colleges and
universities calling attention to
a recently enacted ban on hazing.
Mosk said I he importance of the
new law is emphasized by the
"recent unfortunate incident at a
major university in Southern Cali
fornia resulting in the death of
a young student."
Richard Swanson, 21, of Los
Angelqs, a dental student at Uni
versity of Southern California,
strangled to death on a hunk of
raw liver he had been ordered to
swallow in a fraternity initiation.
The new hazing law adopted by
the last Legislature, became ef
fective Sept. 18, one day after
Swan.son's death.
It makes it a misdemeanor,
punishable by maximum of six
months in jail and a $.300 fine,
for any person attending a public
or private school to take part in
hazing or committing any act
which injures, degrades or dis
graces another person in the in
stitution.
SAN FRANCISCO (/P) - Ally.
Gen. Stanley Mo.sk Thursday said
he is preparing a letter to presi
dents of the state's colleges and
universities calling attention to
a recently enacted ban on hazing.
Mosk said I he importance of the
new law is emphasized by the
"recent unfortunate incident at a
major university in Southern Cali
fornia resulting in the death of
a young student."
Richard Swanson, 21, of Los
Angelqs, a dental student at Uni
versity of Southern California,
strangled to death on a hunk of
raw liver he had been ordered to
swallow in a fraternity initiation.
The new hazing law adopted by
the last Legislature, became ef
fective Sept. 18, one day after
Swan.son's death.
It makes it a misdemeanor,
punishable by maximum of six
months in jail and a $.300 fine,
for any person attending a public
or private school to take part in
hazing or committing any act
which injures, degrades or dis
graces another person in the in
stitution.
SAN FRANCISCO (/P) - Ally.
Gen. Stanley Mo.sk Thursday said
he is preparing a letter to presi
dents of the state's colleges and
universities calling attention to
a recently enacted ban on hazing.
Mosk said I he importance of the
new law is emphasized by the
"recent unfortunate incident at a
major university in Southern Cali
fornia resulting in the death of
a young student."
Richard Swanson, 21, of Los
Angelqs, a dental student at Uni
versity of Southern California,
strangled to death on a hunk of
raw liver he had been ordered to
swallow in a fraternity initiation.
The new hazing law adopted by
the last Legislature, became ef
fective Sept. 18, one day after
Swan.son's death.
It makes it a misdemeanor,
punishable by maximum of six
months in jail and a $.300 fine,
for any person attending a public
or private school to take part in
hazing or committing any act
which injures, degrades or dis
graces another person in the in
stitution.
SAN FRANCISCO (/P) - Ally.
Gen. Stanley Mo.sk Thursday said
he is preparing a letter to presi
dents of the state's colleges and
universities calling attention to
a recently enacted ban on hazing.
Mosk said I he importance of the
new law is emphasized by the
"recent unfortunate incident at a
major university in Southern Cali
fornia resulting in the death of
a young student."
Richard Swanson, 21, of Los
Angelqs, a dental student at Uni
versity of Southern California,
strangled to death on a hunk of
raw liver he had been ordered to
swallow in a fraternity initiation.
The new hazing law adopted by
the last Legislature, became ef
fective Sept. 18, one day after
Swan.son's death.
It makes it a misdemeanor,
punishable by maximum of six
months in jail and a $.300 fine,
for any person attending a public
or private school to take part in
hazing or committing any act
which injures, degrades or dis
graces another person in the in
stitution.
SAN FRANCISCO (/P) - Ally.
Gen. Stanley Mo.sk Thursday said
he is preparing a letter to presi
dents of the state's colleges and
universities calling attention to
a recently enacted ban on hazing.
Mosk said I he importance of the
new law is emphasized by the
"recent unfortunate incident at a
major university in Southern Cali
fornia resulting in the death of
a young student."
Richard Swanson, 21, of Los
Angelqs, a dental student at Uni
versity of Southern California,
strangled to death on a hunk of
raw liver he had been ordered to
swallow in a fraternity initiation.
The new hazing law adopted by
the last Legislature, became ef
fective Sept. 18, one day after
Swan.son's death.
It makes it a misdemeanor,
punishable by maximum of six
months in jail and a $.300 fine,
for any person attending a public
or private school to take part in
hazing or committing any act
which injures, degrades or dis
graces another person in the in
stitution.
SAN FRANCISCO (/P) - Ally.
Gen. Stanley Mo.sk Thursday said
he is preparing a letter to presi
dents of the state's colleges and
universities calling attention to
a recently enacted ban on hazing.
Mosk said I he importance of the
new law is emphasized by the
"recent unfortunate incident at a
major university in Southern Cali
fornia resulting in the death of
a young student."
Richard Swanson, 21, of Los
Angelqs, a dental student at Uni
versity of Southern California,
strangled to death on a hunk of
raw liver he had been ordered to
swallow in a fraternity initiation.
The new hazing law adopted by
the last Legislature, became ef
fective Sept. 18, one day after
Swan.son's death.
It makes it a misdemeanor,
punishable by maximum of six
months in jail and a $.300 fine,
for any person attending a public
or private school to take part in
hazing or committing any act
which injures, degrades or dis
graces another person in the in
stitution.
SAN FRANCISCO (/P) - Ally.
Gen. Stanley Mo.sk Thursday said
he is preparing a letter to presi
dents of the state's colleges and
universities calling attention to
a recently enacted ban on hazing.
Mosk said I he importance of the
new law is emphasized by the
"recent unfortunate incident at a
major university in Southern Cali
fornia resulting in the death of
a young student."
Richard Swanson, 21, of Los
Angelqs, a dental student at Uni
versity of Southern California,
strangled to death on a hunk of
raw liver he had been ordered to
swallow in a fraternity initiation.
The new hazing law adopted by
the last Legislature, became ef
fective Sept. 18, one day after
Swan.son's death.
It makes it a misdemeanor,
punishable by maximum of six
months in jail and a $.300 fine,
for any person attending a public
or private school to take part in
hazing or committing any act
which injures, degrades or dis
graces another person in the in
stitution.
SAN FRANCISCO (/P) - Ally.
Gen. Stanley Mo.sk Thursday said
he is preparing a letter to presi
dents of the state's colleges and
universities calling attention to
a recently enacted ban on hazing.
Mosk said I he importance of the
new law is emphasized by the
"recent unfortunate incident at a
major university in Southern Cali
fornia resulting in the death of
a young student."
Richard Swanson, 21, of Los
Angelqs, a dental student at Uni
versity of Southern California,
strangled to death on a hunk of
raw liver he had been ordered to
swallow in a fraternity initiation.
The new hazing law adopted by
the last Legislature, became ef
fective Sept. 18, one day after
Swan.son's death.
It makes it a misdemeanor,
punishable by maximum of six
months in jail and a $.300 fine,
for any person attending a public
or private school to take part in
hazing or committing any act
which injures, degrades or dis
graces another person in the in
stitution.
SAN FRANCISCO (/P) - Ally.
Gen. Stanley Mo.sk Thursday said
he is preparing a letter to presi
dents of the state's colleges and
universities calling attention to
a recently enacted ban on hazing.
Mosk said I he importance of the
new law is emphasized by the
"recent unfortunate incident at a
major university in Southern Cali
fornia resulting in the death of
a young student."
Richard Swanson, 21, of Los
Angelqs, a dental student at Uni
versity of Southern California,
strangled to death on a hunk of
raw liver he had been ordered to
swallow in a fraternity initiation.
The new hazing law adopted by
the last Legislature, became ef
fective Sept. 18, one day after
Swan.son's death.
It makes it a misdemeanor,
punishable by maximum of six
months in jail and a $.300 fine,
for any person attending a public
or private school to take part in
hazing or committing any act
which injures, degrades or dis
graces another person in the in
stitution.
SAN FRANCISCO (/P) - Ally.
Gen. Stanley Mo.sk Thursday said
he is preparing a letter to presi
dents of the state's colleges and
universities calling attention to
a recently enacted ban on hazing.
Mosk said I he importance of the
new law is emphasized by the
"recent unfortunate incident at a
major university in Southern Cali
fornia resulting in the death of
a young student."
Richard Swanson, 21, of Los
Angelqs, a dental student at Uni
versity of Southern California,
strangled to death on a hunk of
raw liver he had been ordered to
swallow in a fraternity initiation.
The new hazing law adopted by
the last Legislature, became ef
fective Sept. 18, one day after
Swan.son's death.
It makes it a misdemeanor,
punishable by maximum of six
months in jail and a $.300 fine,
for any person attending a public
or private school to take part in
hazing or committing any act
which injures, degrades or dis
graces another person in the in
stitution.
SAN FRANCISCO (/P) - Ally.
Gen. Stanley Mo.sk Thursday said
he is preparing a letter to presi
dents of the state's colleges and
universities calling attention to
a recently enacted ban on hazing.
Mosk said I he importance of the
new law is emphasized by the
"recent unfortunate incident at a
major university in Southern Cali
fornia resulting in the death of
a young student."
Richard Swanson, 21, of Los
Angelqs, a dental student at Uni
versity of Southern California,
strangled to death on a hunk of
raw liver he had been ordered to
swallow in a fraternity initiation.
The new hazing law adopted by
the last Legislature, became ef
fective Sept. 18, one day after
Swan.son's death.
It makes it a misdemeanor,
punishable by maximum of six
months in jail and a $.300 fine,
for any person attending a public
or private school to take part in
hazing or committing any act
which injures, degrades or dis
graces another person in the in
stitution.
SAN FRANCISCO (/P) - Ally.
Gen. Stanley Mo.sk Thursday said
he is preparing a letter to presi
dents of the state's colleges and
universities calling attention to
a recently enacted ban on hazing.
Mosk said I he importance of the
new law is emphasized by the
"recent unfortunate incident at a
major university in Southern Cali
fornia resulting in the death of
a young student."
Richard Swanson, 21, of Los
Angelqs, a dental student at Uni
versity of Southern California,
strangled to death on a hunk of
raw liver he had been ordered to
swallow in a fraternity initiation.
The new hazing law adopted by
the last Legislature, became ef
fective Sept. 18, one day after
Swan.son's death.
It makes it a misdemeanor,
punishable by maximum of six
months in jail and a $.300 fine,
for any person attending a public
or private school to take part in
hazing or committing any act
which injures, degrades or dis
graces another person in the in
stitution.
