# TOWNES RECOVERING
## 
### 
Forrest (Spec) Townes, Univer
sity of Georgia's world champion
hurdler and a member of ihe foot
ball squad, was pronounced in a
satisfactory condition after an
emergency appendix operation
Wednesday night.
Forrest (Spec) Townes, Univer
sity of Georgia's world champion
hurdler and a member of ihe foot
ball squad, was pronounced in a
satisfactory condition after an
emergency appendix operation
Wednesday night.
Forrest (Spec) Townes, Univer
sity of Georgia's world champion
hurdler and a member of ihe foot
ball squad, was pronounced in a
satisfactory condition after an
emergency appendix operation
Wednesday night.
Forrest (Spec) Townes, Univer
sity of Georgia's world champion
hurdler and a member of ihe foot
ball squad, was pronounced in a
satisfactory condition after an
emergency appendix operation
Wednesday night.
Forrest (Spec) Townes, Univer
sity of Georgia's world champion
hurdler and a member of ihe foot
ball squad, was pronounced in a
satisfactory condition after an
emergency appendix operation
Wednesday night.
Forrest (Spec) Townes, Univer
sity of Georgia's world champion
hurdler and a member of ihe foot
ball squad, was pronounced in a
satisfactory condition after an
emergency appendix operation
Wednesday night.
Forrest (Spec) Townes, Univer
sity of Georgia's world champion
hurdler and a member of ihe foot
ball squad, was pronounced in a
satisfactory condition after an
emergency appendix operation
Wednesday night.
Forrest (Spec) Townes, Univer
sity of Georgia's world champion
hurdler and a member of ihe foot
ball squad, was pronounced in a
satisfactory condition after an
emergency appendix operation
Wednesday night.
Forrest (Spec) Townes, Univer
sity of Georgia's world champion
hurdler and a member of ihe foot
ball squad, was pronounced in a
satisfactory condition after an
emergency appendix operation
Wednesday night.
Forrest (Spec) Townes, Univer
sity of Georgia's world champion
hurdler and a member of ihe foot
ball squad, was pronounced in a
satisfactory condition after an
emergency appendix operation
Wednesday night.
Forrest (Spec) Townes, Univer
sity of Georgia's world champion
hurdler and a member of ihe foot
ball squad, was pronounced in a
satisfactory condition after an
emergency appendix operation
Wednesday night.
Forrest (Spec) Townes, Univer
sity of Georgia's world champion
hurdler and a member of ihe foot
ball squad, was pronounced in a
satisfactory condition after an
emergency appendix operation
Wednesday night.
Forrest (Spec) Townes, Univer
sity of Georgia's world champion
hurdler and a member of ihe foot
ball squad, was pronounced in a
satisfactory condition after an
emergency appendix operation
Wednesday night.
Forrest (Spec) Townes, Univer
sity of Georgia's world champion
hurdler and a member of ihe foot
ball squad, was pronounced in a
satisfactory condition after an
emergency appendix operation
Wednesday night.
Forrest (Spec) Townes, Univer
sity of Georgia's world champion
hurdler and a member of ihe foot
ball squad, was pronounced in a
satisfactory condition after an
emergency appendix operation
Wednesday night.
Forrest (Spec) Townes, Univer
sity of Georgia's world champion
hurdler and a member of ihe foot
ball squad, was pronounced in a
satisfactory condition after an
emergency appendix operation
Wednesday night.
