# Third Serenade Irks Sleepless Roble Freshmen
## 
### 
Three successive nights of sere
nading are too much of a good thing,
according to harassed Robleites.
Monday the concert was amusing.—
though of dubious cultural value;
Tuesday it was tolerable; Wednes
day, a little sleep would have been
appreciated.
Moreover, the women are disap
pointed in the men of the class of
'40. Certain actions of the bonfire
builders, at first considered a dis
play of high spirits, have now de
generated into so much high-school
ery, say Roble's disillusioned dam
sels.
Said one fed-up freshwoman, "It's
'To hell with '39, To hell with West
ern Civ,' and now it's 'To hell with
Roble!' What do they want for noth
ing? Even the Gal men were more
polite. When they passed by Mon
day night they called out, 'Roble,
we love you!!' "
Three successive nights of sere
nading are too much of a good thing,
according to harassed Robleites.
Monday the concert was amusing.—
though of dubious cultural value;
Tuesday it was tolerable; Wednes
day, a little sleep would have been
appreciated.
Moreover, the women are disap
pointed in the men of the class of
'40. Certain actions of the bonfire
builders, at first considered a dis
play of high spirits, have now de
generated into so much high-school
ery, say Roble's disillusioned dam
sels.
Said one fed-up freshwoman, "It's
'To hell with '39, To hell with West
ern Civ,' and now it's 'To hell with
Roble!' What do they want for noth
ing? Even the Gal men were more
polite. When they passed by Mon
day night they called out, 'Roble,
we love you!!' "
Three successive nights of sere
nading are too much of a good thing,
according to harassed Robleites.
Monday the concert was amusing.—
though of dubious cultural value;
Tuesday it was tolerable; Wednes
day, a little sleep would have been
appreciated.
Moreover, the women are disap
pointed in the men of the class of
'40. Certain actions of the bonfire
builders, at first considered a dis
play of high spirits, have now de
generated into so much high-school
ery, say Roble's disillusioned dam
sels.
Said one fed-up freshwoman, "It's
'To hell with '39, To hell with West
ern Civ,' and now it's 'To hell with
Roble!' What do they want for noth
ing? Even the Gal men were more
polite. When they passed by Mon
day night they called out, 'Roble,
we love you!!' "
Three successive nights of sere
nading are too much of a good thing,
according to harassed Robleites.
Monday the concert was amusing.—
though of dubious cultural value;
Tuesday it was tolerable; Wednes
day, a little sleep would have been
appreciated.
Moreover, the women are disap
pointed in the men of the class of
'40. Certain actions of the bonfire
builders, at first considered a dis
play of high spirits, have now de
generated into so much high-school
ery, say Roble's disillusioned dam
sels.
Said one fed-up freshwoman, "It's
'To hell with '39, To hell with West
ern Civ,' and now it's 'To hell with
Roble!' What do they want for noth
ing? Even the Gal men were more
polite. When they passed by Mon
day night they called out, 'Roble,
we love you!!' "
Three successive nights of sere
nading are too much of a good thing,
according to harassed Robleites.
Monday the concert was amusing.—
though of dubious cultural value;
Tuesday it was tolerable; Wednes
day, a little sleep would have been
appreciated.
Moreover, the women are disap
pointed in the men of the class of
'40. Certain actions of the bonfire
builders, at first considered a dis
play of high spirits, have now de
generated into so much high-school
ery, say Roble's disillusioned dam
sels.
Said one fed-up freshwoman, "It's
'To hell with '39, To hell with West
ern Civ,' and now it's 'To hell with
Roble!' What do they want for noth
ing? Even the Gal men were more
polite. When they passed by Mon
day night they called out, 'Roble,
we love you!!' "
Three successive nights of sere
nading are too much of a good thing,
according to harassed Robleites.
Monday the concert was amusing.—
though of dubious cultural value;
Tuesday it was tolerable; Wednes
day, a little sleep would have been
appreciated.
Moreover, the women are disap
pointed in the men of the class of
'40. Certain actions of the bonfire
builders, at first considered a dis
play of high spirits, have now de
generated into so much high-school
ery, say Roble's disillusioned dam
sels.
Said one fed-up freshwoman, "It's
'To hell with '39, To hell with West
ern Civ,' and now it's 'To hell with
Roble!' What do they want for noth
ing? Even the Gal men were more
polite. When they passed by Mon
day night they called out, 'Roble,
we love you!!' "
Three successive nights of sere
nading are too much of a good thing,
according to harassed Robleites.
Monday the concert was amusing.—
though of dubious cultural value;
Tuesday it was tolerable; Wednes
day, a little sleep would have been
appreciated.
Moreover, the women are disap
pointed in the men of the class of
'40. Certain actions of the bonfire
builders, at first considered a dis
play of high spirits, have now de
generated into so much high-school
ery, say Roble's disillusioned dam
sels.
Said one fed-up freshwoman, "It's
'To hell with '39, To hell with West
ern Civ,' and now it's 'To hell with
Roble!' What do they want for noth
ing? Even the Gal men were more
polite. When they passed by Mon
day night they called out, 'Roble,
we love you!!' "
Three successive nights of sere
nading are too much of a good thing,
according to harassed Robleites.
Monday the concert was amusing.—
though of dubious cultural value;
Tuesday it was tolerable; Wednes
day, a little sleep would have been
appreciated.
Moreover, the women are disap
pointed in the men of the class of
'40. Certain actions of the bonfire
builders, at first considered a dis
play of high spirits, have now de
generated into so much high-school
ery, say Roble's disillusioned dam
sels.
Said one fed-up freshwoman, "It's
'To hell with '39, To hell with West
ern Civ,' and now it's 'To hell with
Roble!' What do they want for noth
ing? Even the Gal men were more
polite. When they passed by Mon
day night they called out, 'Roble,
we love you!!' "
Three successive nights of sere
nading are too much of a good thing,
according to harassed Robleites.
Monday the concert was amusing.—
though of dubious cultural value;
Tuesday it was tolerable; Wednes
day, a little sleep would have been
appreciated.
Moreover, the women are disap
pointed in the men of the class of
'40. Certain actions of the bonfire
builders, at first considered a dis
play of high spirits, have now de
generated into so much high-school
ery, say Roble's disillusioned dam
sels.
Said one fed-up freshwoman, "It's
'To hell with '39, To hell with West
ern Civ,' and now it's 'To hell with
Roble!' What do they want for noth
ing? Even the Gal men were more
polite. When they passed by Mon
day night they called out, 'Roble,
we love you!!' "
Three successive nights of sere
nading are too much of a good thing,
according to harassed Robleites.
Monday the concert was amusing.—
though of dubious cultural value;
Tuesday it was tolerable; Wednes
day, a little sleep would have been
appreciated.
Moreover, the women are disap
pointed in the men of the class of
'40. Certain actions of the bonfire
builders, at first considered a dis
play of high spirits, have now de
generated into so much high-school
ery, say Roble's disillusioned dam
sels.
Said one fed-up freshwoman, "It's
'To hell with '39, To hell with West
ern Civ,' and now it's 'To hell with
Roble!' What do they want for noth
ing? Even the Gal men were more
polite. When they passed by Mon
day night they called out, 'Roble,
we love you!!' "
Three successive nights of sere
nading are too much of a good thing,
according to harassed Robleites.
Monday the concert was amusing.—
though of dubious cultural value;
Tuesday it was tolerable; Wednes
day, a little sleep would have been
appreciated.
Moreover, the women are disap
pointed in the men of the class of
'40. Certain actions of the bonfire
builders, at first considered a dis
play of high spirits, have now de
generated into so much high-school
ery, say Roble's disillusioned dam
sels.
Said one fed-up freshwoman, "It's
'To hell with '39, To hell with West
ern Civ,' and now it's 'To hell with
Roble!' What do they want for noth
ing? Even the Gal men were more
polite. When they passed by Mon
day night they called out, 'Roble,
we love you!!' "
Three successive nights of sere
nading are too much of a good thing,
according to harassed Robleites.
Monday the concert was amusing.—
though of dubious cultural value;
Tuesday it was tolerable; Wednes
day, a little sleep would have been
appreciated.
Moreover, the women are disap
pointed in the men of the class of
'40. Certain actions of the bonfire
builders, at first considered a dis
play of high spirits, have now de
generated into so much high-school
ery, say Roble's disillusioned dam
sels.
Said one fed-up freshwoman, "It's
'To hell with '39, To hell with West
ern Civ,' and now it's 'To hell with
Roble!' What do they want for noth
ing? Even the Gal men were more
polite. When they passed by Mon
day night they called out, 'Roble,
we love you!!' "
Three successive nights of sere
nading are too much of a good thing,
according to harassed Robleites.
Monday the concert was amusing.—
though of dubious cultural value;
Tuesday it was tolerable; Wednes
day, a little sleep would have been
appreciated.
Moreover, the women are disap
pointed in the men of the class of
'40. Certain actions of the bonfire
builders, at first considered a dis
play of high spirits, have now de
generated into so much high-school
ery, say Roble's disillusioned dam
sels.
Said one fed-up freshwoman, "It's
'To hell with '39, To hell with West
ern Civ,' and now it's 'To hell with
Roble!' What do they want for noth
ing? Even the Gal men were more
polite. When they passed by Mon
day night they called out, 'Roble,
we love you!!' "
Three successive nights of sere
nading are too much of a good thing,
according to harassed Robleites.
Monday the concert was amusing.—
though of dubious cultural value;
Tuesday it was tolerable; Wednes
day, a little sleep would have been
appreciated.
Moreover, the women are disap
pointed in the men of the class of
'40. Certain actions of the bonfire
builders, at first considered a dis
play of high spirits, have now de
generated into so much high-school
ery, say Roble's disillusioned dam
sels.
Said one fed-up freshwoman, "It's
'To hell with '39, To hell with West
ern Civ,' and now it's 'To hell with
Roble!' What do they want for noth
ing? Even the Gal men were more
polite. When they passed by Mon
day night they called out, 'Roble,
we love you!!' "
Three successive nights of sere
nading are too much of a good thing,
according to harassed Robleites.
Monday the concert was amusing.—
though of dubious cultural value;
Tuesday it was tolerable; Wednes
day, a little sleep would have been
appreciated.
Moreover, the women are disap
pointed in the men of the class of
'40. Certain actions of the bonfire
builders, at first considered a dis
play of high spirits, have now de
generated into so much high-school
ery, say Roble's disillusioned dam
sels.
Said one fed-up freshwoman, "It's
'To hell with '39, To hell with West
ern Civ,' and now it's 'To hell with
Roble!' What do they want for noth
ing? Even the Gal men were more
polite. When they passed by Mon
day night they called out, 'Roble,
we love you!!' "
Three successive nights of sere
nading are too much of a good thing,
according to harassed Robleites.
Monday the concert was amusing.—
though of dubious cultural value;
Tuesday it was tolerable; Wednes
day, a little sleep would have been
appreciated.
Moreover, the women are disap
pointed in the men of the class of
'40. Certain actions of the bonfire
builders, at first considered a dis
play of high spirits, have now de
generated into so much high-school
ery, say Roble's disillusioned dam
sels.
Said one fed-up freshwoman, "It's
'To hell with '39, To hell with West
ern Civ,' and now it's 'To hell with
Roble!' What do they want for noth
ing? Even the Gal men were more
polite. When they passed by Mon
day night they called out, 'Roble,
we love you!!' "
