# Montell, Smith To Spin least Game for NBC
## 
### 
Tomorrow's Big Game will be
broadcast over an NBC-Red net
work of seven stations, including
si(il in lionolu'u, and covering
(lie Pacific Coast and Arizona.
D' Ug Monlt'll and Ernie Smith
will share the descriptive stint,
which is scheduled to go on the
air at 2 o'clock. Phil Ray will
also recount the game events for
listeners to KLX. No broadcast
uf the game is to be released in
I the East.
Tomorrow's Big Game will be
broadcast over an NBC-Red net
work of seven stations, including
si(il in lionolu'u, and covering
(lie Pacific Coast and Arizona.
D' Ug Monlt'll and Ernie Smith
will share the descriptive stint,
which is scheduled to go on the
air at 2 o'clock. Phil Ray will
also recount the game events for
listeners to KLX. No broadcast
uf the game is to be released in
I the East.
Tomorrow's Big Game will be
broadcast over an NBC-Red net
work of seven stations, including
si(il in lionolu'u, and covering
(lie Pacific Coast and Arizona.
D' Ug Monlt'll and Ernie Smith
will share the descriptive stint,
which is scheduled to go on the
air at 2 o'clock. Phil Ray will
also recount the game events for
listeners to KLX. No broadcast
uf the game is to be released in
I the East.
Tomorrow's Big Game will be
broadcast over an NBC-Red net
work of seven stations, including
si(il in lionolu'u, and covering
(lie Pacific Coast and Arizona.
D' Ug Monlt'll and Ernie Smith
will share the descriptive stint,
which is scheduled to go on the
air at 2 o'clock. Phil Ray will
also recount the game events for
listeners to KLX. No broadcast
uf the game is to be released in
I the East.
Tomorrow's Big Game will be
broadcast over an NBC-Red net
work of seven stations, including
si(il in lionolu'u, and covering
(lie Pacific Coast and Arizona.
D' Ug Monlt'll and Ernie Smith
will share the descriptive stint,
which is scheduled to go on the
air at 2 o'clock. Phil Ray will
also recount the game events for
listeners to KLX. No broadcast
uf the game is to be released in
I the East.
Tomorrow's Big Game will be
broadcast over an NBC-Red net
work of seven stations, including
si(il in lionolu'u, and covering
(lie Pacific Coast and Arizona.
D' Ug Monlt'll and Ernie Smith
will share the descriptive stint,
which is scheduled to go on the
air at 2 o'clock. Phil Ray will
also recount the game events for
listeners to KLX. No broadcast
uf the game is to be released in
I the East.
Tomorrow's Big Game will be
broadcast over an NBC-Red net
work of seven stations, including
si(il in lionolu'u, and covering
(lie Pacific Coast and Arizona.
D' Ug Monlt'll and Ernie Smith
will share the descriptive stint,
which is scheduled to go on the
air at 2 o'clock. Phil Ray will
also recount the game events for
listeners to KLX. No broadcast
uf the game is to be released in
I the East.
Tomorrow's Big Game will be
broadcast over an NBC-Red net
work of seven stations, including
si(il in lionolu'u, and covering
(lie Pacific Coast and Arizona.
D' Ug Monlt'll and Ernie Smith
will share the descriptive stint,
which is scheduled to go on the
air at 2 o'clock. Phil Ray will
also recount the game events for
listeners to KLX. No broadcast
uf the game is to be released in
I the East.
Tomorrow's Big Game will be
broadcast over an NBC-Red net
work of seven stations, including
si(il in lionolu'u, and covering
(lie Pacific Coast and Arizona.
D' Ug Monlt'll and Ernie Smith
will share the descriptive stint,
which is scheduled to go on the
air at 2 o'clock. Phil Ray will
also recount the game events for
listeners to KLX. No broadcast
uf the game is to be released in
I the East.
Tomorrow's Big Game will be
broadcast over an NBC-Red net
work of seven stations, including
si(il in lionolu'u, and covering
(lie Pacific Coast and Arizona.
D' Ug Monlt'll and Ernie Smith
will share the descriptive stint,
which is scheduled to go on the
air at 2 o'clock. Phil Ray will
also recount the game events for
listeners to KLX. No broadcast
uf the game is to be released in
I the East.
Tomorrow's Big Game will be
broadcast over an NBC-Red net
work of seven stations, including
si(il in lionolu'u, and covering
(lie Pacific Coast and Arizona.
D' Ug Monlt'll and Ernie Smith
will share the descriptive stint,
which is scheduled to go on the
air at 2 o'clock. Phil Ray will
also recount the game events for
listeners to KLX. No broadcast
uf the game is to be released in
I the East.
Tomorrow's Big Game will be
broadcast over an NBC-Red net
work of seven stations, including
si(il in lionolu'u, and covering
(lie Pacific Coast and Arizona.
D' Ug Monlt'll and Ernie Smith
will share the descriptive stint,
which is scheduled to go on the
air at 2 o'clock. Phil Ray will
also recount the game events for
listeners to KLX. No broadcast
uf the game is to be released in
I the East.
Tomorrow's Big Game will be
broadcast over an NBC-Red net
work of seven stations, including
si(il in lionolu'u, and covering
(lie Pacific Coast and Arizona.
D' Ug Monlt'll and Ernie Smith
will share the descriptive stint,
which is scheduled to go on the
air at 2 o'clock. Phil Ray will
also recount the game events for
listeners to KLX. No broadcast
uf the game is to be released in
I the East.
Tomorrow's Big Game will be
broadcast over an NBC-Red net
work of seven stations, including
si(il in lionolu'u, and covering
(lie Pacific Coast and Arizona.
D' Ug Monlt'll and Ernie Smith
will share the descriptive stint,
which is scheduled to go on the
air at 2 o'clock. Phil Ray will
also recount the game events for
listeners to KLX. No broadcast
uf the game is to be released in
I the East.
Tomorrow's Big Game will be
broadcast over an NBC-Red net
work of seven stations, including
si(il in lionolu'u, and covering
(lie Pacific Coast and Arizona.
D' Ug Monlt'll and Ernie Smith
will share the descriptive stint,
which is scheduled to go on the
air at 2 o'clock. Phil Ray will
also recount the game events for
listeners to KLX. No broadcast
uf the game is to be released in
I the East.
Tomorrow's Big Game will be
broadcast over an NBC-Red net
work of seven stations, including
si(il in lionolu'u, and covering
(lie Pacific Coast and Arizona.
D' Ug Monlt'll and Ernie Smith
will share the descriptive stint,
which is scheduled to go on the
air at 2 o'clock. Phil Ray will
also recount the game events for
listeners to KLX. No broadcast
uf the game is to be released in
I the East.
