# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The sun seems to rise before it
reaches the horizon due to refrac
tion.
The sun seems to rise before it
reaches the horizon due to refrac
tion.
The sun seems to rise before it
reaches the horizon due to refrac
tion.
The sun seems to rise before it
reaches the horizon due to refrac
tion.
The sun seems to rise before it
reaches the horizon due to refrac
tion.
The sun seems to rise before it
reaches the horizon due to refrac
tion.
The sun seems to rise before it
reaches the horizon due to refrac
tion.
The sun seems to rise before it
reaches the horizon due to refrac
tion.
The sun seems to rise before it
reaches the horizon due to refrac
tion.
The sun seems to rise before it
reaches the horizon due to refrac
tion.
The sun seems to rise before it
reaches the horizon due to refrac
tion.
The sun seems to rise before it
reaches the horizon due to refrac
tion.
The sun seems to rise before it
reaches the horizon due to refrac
tion.
The sun seems to rise before it
reaches the horizon due to refrac
tion.
The sun seems to rise before it
reaches the horizon due to refrac
tion.
The sun seems to rise before it
reaches the horizon due to refrac
tion.
