# VINES TO MEET PERRY
## 
### 
Ellsworth Vinos, recognized No.
I tennis pro, has announced he
had arranged to meet Fred Perry,
former world's amateur champ, in
an exhibition match set for Janu
ary 16 in New York City.
Ellsworth Vinos, recognized No.
I tennis pro, has announced he
had arranged to meet Fred Perry,
former world's amateur champ, in
an exhibition match set for Janu
ary 16 in New York City.
Ellsworth Vinos, recognized No.
I tennis pro, has announced he
had arranged to meet Fred Perry,
former world's amateur champ, in
an exhibition match set for Janu
ary 16 in New York City.
Ellsworth Vinos, recognized No.
I tennis pro, has announced he
had arranged to meet Fred Perry,
former world's amateur champ, in
an exhibition match set for Janu
ary 16 in New York City.
Ellsworth Vinos, recognized No.
I tennis pro, has announced he
had arranged to meet Fred Perry,
former world's amateur champ, in
an exhibition match set for Janu
ary 16 in New York City.
Ellsworth Vinos, recognized No.
I tennis pro, has announced he
had arranged to meet Fred Perry,
former world's amateur champ, in
an exhibition match set for Janu
ary 16 in New York City.
Ellsworth Vinos, recognized No.
I tennis pro, has announced he
had arranged to meet Fred Perry,
former world's amateur champ, in
an exhibition match set for Janu
ary 16 in New York City.
Ellsworth Vinos, recognized No.
I tennis pro, has announced he
had arranged to meet Fred Perry,
former world's amateur champ, in
an exhibition match set for Janu
ary 16 in New York City.
Ellsworth Vinos, recognized No.
I tennis pro, has announced he
had arranged to meet Fred Perry,
former world's amateur champ, in
an exhibition match set for Janu
ary 16 in New York City.
Ellsworth Vinos, recognized No.
I tennis pro, has announced he
had arranged to meet Fred Perry,
former world's amateur champ, in
an exhibition match set for Janu
ary 16 in New York City.
Ellsworth Vinos, recognized No.
I tennis pro, has announced he
had arranged to meet Fred Perry,
former world's amateur champ, in
an exhibition match set for Janu
ary 16 in New York City.
Ellsworth Vinos, recognized No.
I tennis pro, has announced he
had arranged to meet Fred Perry,
former world's amateur champ, in
an exhibition match set for Janu
ary 16 in New York City.
Ellsworth Vinos, recognized No.
I tennis pro, has announced he
had arranged to meet Fred Perry,
former world's amateur champ, in
an exhibition match set for Janu
ary 16 in New York City.
Ellsworth Vinos, recognized No.
I tennis pro, has announced he
had arranged to meet Fred Perry,
former world's amateur champ, in
an exhibition match set for Janu
ary 16 in New York City.
Ellsworth Vinos, recognized No.
I tennis pro, has announced he
had arranged to meet Fred Perry,
former world's amateur champ, in
an exhibition match set for Janu
ary 16 in New York City.
Ellsworth Vinos, recognized No.
I tennis pro, has announced he
had arranged to meet Fred Perry,
former world's amateur champ, in
an exhibition match set for Janu
ary 16 in New York City.
