# A 						New Stock Monday?
## 
### 

lIOW VVOULI) a fine line of pipes look in the Axe Case? William
(iunthcr, god-father of the Stanford Union, ponders the question. He
may have to decide late Saturday.

lIOW VVOULI) a fine line of pipes look in the Axe Case? William
(iunthcr, god-father of the Stanford Union, ponders the question. He
may have to decide late Saturday.

lIOW VVOULI) a fine line of pipes look in the Axe Case? William
(iunthcr, god-father of the Stanford Union, ponders the question. He
may have to decide late Saturday.

lIOW VVOULI) a fine line of pipes look in the Axe Case? William
(iunthcr, god-father of the Stanford Union, ponders the question. He
may have to decide late Saturday.

lIOW VVOULI) a fine line of pipes look in the Axe Case? William
(iunthcr, god-father of the Stanford Union, ponders the question. He
may have to decide late Saturday.

lIOW VVOULI) a fine line of pipes look in the Axe Case? William
(iunthcr, god-father of the Stanford Union, ponders the question. He
may have to decide late Saturday.

lIOW VVOULI) a fine line of pipes look in the Axe Case? William
(iunthcr, god-father of the Stanford Union, ponders the question. He
may have to decide late Saturday.

lIOW VVOULI) a fine line of pipes look in the Axe Case? William
(iunthcr, god-father of the Stanford Union, ponders the question. He
may have to decide late Saturday.

lIOW VVOULI) a fine line of pipes look in the Axe Case? William
(iunthcr, god-father of the Stanford Union, ponders the question. He
may have to decide late Saturday.

lIOW VVOULI) a fine line of pipes look in the Axe Case? William
(iunthcr, god-father of the Stanford Union, ponders the question. He
may have to decide late Saturday.

lIOW VVOULI) a fine line of pipes look in the Axe Case? William
(iunthcr, god-father of the Stanford Union, ponders the question. He
may have to decide late Saturday.

lIOW VVOULI) a fine line of pipes look in the Axe Case? William
(iunthcr, god-father of the Stanford Union, ponders the question. He
may have to decide late Saturday.

lIOW VVOULI) a fine line of pipes look in the Axe Case? William
(iunthcr, god-father of the Stanford Union, ponders the question. He
may have to decide late Saturday.

lIOW VVOULI) a fine line of pipes look in the Axe Case? William
(iunthcr, god-father of the Stanford Union, ponders the question. He
may have to decide late Saturday.

lIOW VVOULI) a fine line of pipes look in the Axe Case? William
(iunthcr, god-father of the Stanford Union, ponders the question. He
may have to decide late Saturday.

lIOW VVOULI) a fine line of pipes look in the Axe Case? William
(iunthcr, god-father of the Stanford Union, ponders the question. He
may have to decide late Saturday.
