# I Club Sponsors Dancing Lessons
## 
### 
Dancing lessons are Underway,
sponsored by the International
Club, and held in Union Residence
dining hall. 9 to 10 p.m., Mondays
and Thursdays.
The second of eight lessons will
be held tonight and newcomers
especially foreign students are
welcome, says “Professor” Bcdros
Agopovich, who Is assisted by
girls from Union as dancing part
ners. Various ballroom and Latin
steps are taught and the cost is
S2 for the series.
Dancing lessons are Underway,
sponsored by the International
Club, and held in Union Residence
dining hall. 9 to 10 p.m., Mondays
and Thursdays.
The second of eight lessons will
be held tonight and newcomers
especially foreign students are
welcome, says “Professor” Bcdros
Agopovich, who Is assisted by
girls from Union as dancing part
ners. Various ballroom and Latin
steps are taught and the cost is
S2 for the series.
Dancing lessons are Underway,
sponsored by the International
Club, and held in Union Residence
dining hall. 9 to 10 p.m., Mondays
and Thursdays.
The second of eight lessons will
be held tonight and newcomers
especially foreign students are
welcome, says “Professor” Bcdros
Agopovich, who Is assisted by
girls from Union as dancing part
ners. Various ballroom and Latin
steps are taught and the cost is
S2 for the series.
Dancing lessons are Underway,
sponsored by the International
Club, and held in Union Residence
dining hall. 9 to 10 p.m., Mondays
and Thursdays.
The second of eight lessons will
be held tonight and newcomers
especially foreign students are
welcome, says “Professor” Bcdros
Agopovich, who Is assisted by
girls from Union as dancing part
ners. Various ballroom and Latin
steps are taught and the cost is
S2 for the series.
Dancing lessons are Underway,
sponsored by the International
Club, and held in Union Residence
dining hall. 9 to 10 p.m., Mondays
and Thursdays.
The second of eight lessons will
be held tonight and newcomers
especially foreign students are
welcome, says “Professor” Bcdros
Agopovich, who Is assisted by
girls from Union as dancing part
ners. Various ballroom and Latin
steps are taught and the cost is
S2 for the series.
Dancing lessons are Underway,
sponsored by the International
Club, and held in Union Residence
dining hall. 9 to 10 p.m., Mondays
and Thursdays.
The second of eight lessons will
be held tonight and newcomers
especially foreign students are
welcome, says “Professor” Bcdros
Agopovich, who Is assisted by
girls from Union as dancing part
ners. Various ballroom and Latin
steps are taught and the cost is
S2 for the series.
Dancing lessons are Underway,
sponsored by the International
Club, and held in Union Residence
dining hall. 9 to 10 p.m., Mondays
and Thursdays.
The second of eight lessons will
be held tonight and newcomers
especially foreign students are
welcome, says “Professor” Bcdros
Agopovich, who Is assisted by
girls from Union as dancing part
ners. Various ballroom and Latin
steps are taught and the cost is
S2 for the series.
Dancing lessons are Underway,
sponsored by the International
Club, and held in Union Residence
dining hall. 9 to 10 p.m., Mondays
and Thursdays.
The second of eight lessons will
be held tonight and newcomers
especially foreign students are
welcome, says “Professor” Bcdros
Agopovich, who Is assisted by
girls from Union as dancing part
ners. Various ballroom and Latin
steps are taught and the cost is
S2 for the series.
Dancing lessons are Underway,
sponsored by the International
Club, and held in Union Residence
dining hall. 9 to 10 p.m., Mondays
and Thursdays.
The second of eight lessons will
be held tonight and newcomers
especially foreign students are
welcome, says “Professor” Bcdros
Agopovich, who Is assisted by
girls from Union as dancing part
ners. Various ballroom and Latin
steps are taught and the cost is
S2 for the series.
Dancing lessons are Underway,
sponsored by the International
Club, and held in Union Residence
dining hall. 9 to 10 p.m., Mondays
and Thursdays.
The second of eight lessons will
be held tonight and newcomers
especially foreign students are
welcome, says “Professor” Bcdros
Agopovich, who Is assisted by
girls from Union as dancing part
ners. Various ballroom and Latin
steps are taught and the cost is
S2 for the series.
Dancing lessons are Underway,
sponsored by the International
Club, and held in Union Residence
dining hall. 9 to 10 p.m., Mondays
and Thursdays.
The second of eight lessons will
be held tonight and newcomers
especially foreign students are
welcome, says “Professor” Bcdros
Agopovich, who Is assisted by
girls from Union as dancing part
ners. Various ballroom and Latin
steps are taught and the cost is
S2 for the series.
Dancing lessons are Underway,
sponsored by the International
Club, and held in Union Residence
dining hall. 9 to 10 p.m., Mondays
and Thursdays.
The second of eight lessons will
be held tonight and newcomers
especially foreign students are
welcome, says “Professor” Bcdros
Agopovich, who Is assisted by
girls from Union as dancing part
ners. Various ballroom and Latin
steps are taught and the cost is
S2 for the series.
Dancing lessons are Underway,
sponsored by the International
Club, and held in Union Residence
dining hall. 9 to 10 p.m., Mondays
and Thursdays.
The second of eight lessons will
be held tonight and newcomers
especially foreign students are
welcome, says “Professor” Bcdros
Agopovich, who Is assisted by
girls from Union as dancing part
ners. Various ballroom and Latin
steps are taught and the cost is
S2 for the series.
Dancing lessons are Underway,
sponsored by the International
Club, and held in Union Residence
dining hall. 9 to 10 p.m., Mondays
and Thursdays.
The second of eight lessons will
be held tonight and newcomers
especially foreign students are
welcome, says “Professor” Bcdros
Agopovich, who Is assisted by
girls from Union as dancing part
ners. Various ballroom and Latin
steps are taught and the cost is
S2 for the series.
Dancing lessons are Underway,
sponsored by the International
Club, and held in Union Residence
dining hall. 9 to 10 p.m., Mondays
and Thursdays.
The second of eight lessons will
be held tonight and newcomers
especially foreign students are
welcome, says “Professor” Bcdros
Agopovich, who Is assisted by
girls from Union as dancing part
ners. Various ballroom and Latin
steps are taught and the cost is
S2 for the series.
Dancing lessons are Underway,
sponsored by the International
Club, and held in Union Residence
dining hall. 9 to 10 p.m., Mondays
and Thursdays.
The second of eight lessons will
be held tonight and newcomers
especially foreign students are
welcome, says “Professor” Bcdros
Agopovich, who Is assisted by
girls from Union as dancing part
ners. Various ballroom and Latin
steps are taught and the cost is
S2 for the series.
Dancing lessons are Underway,
sponsored by the International
Club, and held in Union Residence
dining hall. 9 to 10 p.m., Mondays
and Thursdays.
The second of eight lessons will
be held tonight and newcomers
especially foreign students are
welcome, says “Professor” Bcdros
Agopovich, who Is assisted by
girls from Union as dancing part
ners. Various ballroom and Latin
steps are taught and the cost is
S2 for the series.
