# SMILE PLEASE:
## 
### 
Vanity commonly is placed on the
debit side of the ledger when dealing
with virtues. Especially does this
hold true of a large percentage of the
student body, who warily evade the
photographers of the 1918 year-book.
However, it would seem advisable
that the delinquent juniors and organ
izations who as yet have made no ar
rangements toward having their pic
tures taken for the University annual
co-operate immediately with the edi
torial and managerial staffs of the
Quad. In view of the fact that earlier
in the semester advertising was elim
inated and every attempt made to place
the junior annual on a lofty journal
istic basis, dodgers of the camera man
should hasten to perform their small
share in the task by having their
photographs snapped at their earliest
convenience.
