# Banish Bare-leg Runners.
## 
### 
Cross-country runners at Lawrence
College must not expose their sliins to
public gaze hereafter, when they ven
ture off the campus. The district at
torney, following complaints from !
modest maiden ladies in that vi- J
cinity, made a ruling that cross-coun- i
try runners appear in full dress, or I
else stay in their own backyard.
Cross-country runners at Lawrence
College must not expose their sliins to
public gaze hereafter, when they ven
ture off the campus. The district at
torney, following complaints from !
modest maiden ladies in that vi- J
cinity, made a ruling that cross-coun- i
try runners appear in full dress, or I
else stay in their own backyard.
Cross-country runners at Lawrence
College must not expose their sliins to
public gaze hereafter, when they ven
ture off the campus. The district at
torney, following complaints from !
modest maiden ladies in that vi- J
cinity, made a ruling that cross-coun- i
try runners appear in full dress, or I
else stay in their own backyard.
Cross-country runners at Lawrence
College must not expose their sliins to
public gaze hereafter, when they ven
ture off the campus. The district at
torney, following complaints from !
modest maiden ladies in that vi- J
cinity, made a ruling that cross-coun- i
try runners appear in full dress, or I
else stay in their own backyard.
Cross-country runners at Lawrence
College must not expose their sliins to
public gaze hereafter, when they ven
ture off the campus. The district at
torney, following complaints from !
modest maiden ladies in that vi- J
cinity, made a ruling that cross-coun- i
try runners appear in full dress, or I
else stay in their own backyard.
Cross-country runners at Lawrence
College must not expose their sliins to
public gaze hereafter, when they ven
ture off the campus. The district at
torney, following complaints from !
modest maiden ladies in that vi- J
cinity, made a ruling that cross-coun- i
try runners appear in full dress, or I
else stay in their own backyard.
Cross-country runners at Lawrence
College must not expose their sliins to
public gaze hereafter, when they ven
ture off the campus. The district at
torney, following complaints from !
modest maiden ladies in that vi- J
cinity, made a ruling that cross-coun- i
try runners appear in full dress, or I
else stay in their own backyard.
Cross-country runners at Lawrence
College must not expose their sliins to
public gaze hereafter, when they ven
ture off the campus. The district at
torney, following complaints from !
modest maiden ladies in that vi- J
cinity, made a ruling that cross-coun- i
try runners appear in full dress, or I
else stay in their own backyard.
Cross-country runners at Lawrence
College must not expose their sliins to
public gaze hereafter, when they ven
ture off the campus. The district at
torney, following complaints from !
modest maiden ladies in that vi- J
cinity, made a ruling that cross-coun- i
try runners appear in full dress, or I
else stay in their own backyard.
Cross-country runners at Lawrence
College must not expose their sliins to
public gaze hereafter, when they ven
ture off the campus. The district at
torney, following complaints from !
modest maiden ladies in that vi- J
cinity, made a ruling that cross-coun- i
try runners appear in full dress, or I
else stay in their own backyard.
Cross-country runners at Lawrence
College must not expose their sliins to
public gaze hereafter, when they ven
ture off the campus. The district at
torney, following complaints from !
modest maiden ladies in that vi- J
cinity, made a ruling that cross-coun- i
try runners appear in full dress, or I
else stay in their own backyard.
Cross-country runners at Lawrence
College must not expose their sliins to
public gaze hereafter, when they ven
ture off the campus. The district at
torney, following complaints from !
modest maiden ladies in that vi- J
cinity, made a ruling that cross-coun- i
try runners appear in full dress, or I
else stay in their own backyard.
Cross-country runners at Lawrence
College must not expose their sliins to
public gaze hereafter, when they ven
ture off the campus. The district at
torney, following complaints from !
modest maiden ladies in that vi- J
cinity, made a ruling that cross-coun- i
try runners appear in full dress, or I
else stay in their own backyard.
Cross-country runners at Lawrence
College must not expose their sliins to
public gaze hereafter, when they ven
ture off the campus. The district at
torney, following complaints from !
modest maiden ladies in that vi- J
cinity, made a ruling that cross-coun- i
try runners appear in full dress, or I
else stay in their own backyard.
