# Adv. 22 Page 8
## 
### 
Levi's I
take
Run em until you're
ragged. Levi's* pants,
shirts and jackets keep
coming back for more. So
will you, when you see our
super selection. Jog into
the Gap today.
4232 El Camino Rl., P.A.
Levi's I
take
Run em until you're
ragged. Levi's* pants,
shirts and jackets keep
coming back for more. So
will you, when you see our
super selection. Jog into
the Gap today.
4232 El Camino Rl., P.A.
Levi's I
take
Run em until you're
ragged. Levi's* pants,
shirts and jackets keep
coming back for more. So
will you, when you see our
super selection. Jog into
the Gap today.
4232 El Camino Rl., P.A.
Levi's I
take
Run em until you're
ragged. Levi's* pants,
shirts and jackets keep
coming back for more. So
will you, when you see our
super selection. Jog into
the Gap today.
4232 El Camino Rl., P.A.
Levi's I
take
Run em until you're
ragged. Levi's* pants,
shirts and jackets keep
coming back for more. So
will you, when you see our
super selection. Jog into
the Gap today.
4232 El Camino Rl., P.A.
Levi's I
take
Run em until you're
ragged. Levi's* pants,
shirts and jackets keep
coming back for more. So
will you, when you see our
super selection. Jog into
the Gap today.
4232 El Camino Rl., P.A.
Levi's I
take
Run em until you're
ragged. Levi's* pants,
shirts and jackets keep
coming back for more. So
will you, when you see our
super selection. Jog into
the Gap today.
4232 El Camino Rl., P.A.
Levi's I
take
Run em until you're
ragged. Levi's* pants,
shirts and jackets keep
coming back for more. So
will you, when you see our
super selection. Jog into
the Gap today.
4232 El Camino Rl., P.A.
Levi's I
take
Run em until you're
ragged. Levi's* pants,
shirts and jackets keep
coming back for more. So
will you, when you see our
super selection. Jog into
the Gap today.
4232 El Camino Rl., P.A.
Levi's I
take
Run em until you're
ragged. Levi's* pants,
shirts and jackets keep
coming back for more. So
will you, when you see our
super selection. Jog into
the Gap today.
4232 El Camino Rl., P.A.
Levi's I
take
Run em until you're
ragged. Levi's* pants,
shirts and jackets keep
coming back for more. So
will you, when you see our
super selection. Jog into
the Gap today.
4232 El Camino Rl., P.A.
Levi's I
take
Run em until you're
ragged. Levi's* pants,
shirts and jackets keep
coming back for more. So
will you, when you see our
super selection. Jog into
the Gap today.
4232 El Camino Rl., P.A.
Levi's I
take
Run em until you're
ragged. Levi's* pants,
shirts and jackets keep
coming back for more. So
will you, when you see our
super selection. Jog into
the Gap today.
4232 El Camino Rl., P.A.
