# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Students are almost always glad
to see one whom tliey have honored
as a teacher receive recognition
from the world at large. It is there
fore with the greatest pleasure that
we note the success of a hook which
has recently appeared from the pen
of one of our professors. We are
proud to know that so much notice
has been attracted by a work writ
ten in our midst.
Students are almost always glad
to see one whom tliey have honored
as a teacher receive recognition
from the world at large. It is there
fore with the greatest pleasure that
we note the success of a hook which
has recently appeared from the pen
of one of our professors. We are
proud to know that so much notice
has been attracted by a work writ
ten in our midst.
Students are almost always glad
to see one whom tliey have honored
as a teacher receive recognition
from the world at large. It is there
fore with the greatest pleasure that
we note the success of a hook which
has recently appeared from the pen
of one of our professors. We are
proud to know that so much notice
has been attracted by a work writ
ten in our midst.
Students are almost always glad
to see one whom tliey have honored
as a teacher receive recognition
from the world at large. It is there
fore with the greatest pleasure that
we note the success of a hook which
has recently appeared from the pen
of one of our professors. We are
proud to know that so much notice
has been attracted by a work writ
ten in our midst.
Students are almost always glad
to see one whom tliey have honored
as a teacher receive recognition
from the world at large. It is there
fore with the greatest pleasure that
we note the success of a hook which
has recently appeared from the pen
of one of our professors. We are
proud to know that so much notice
has been attracted by a work writ
ten in our midst.
