# Debate Team Tour Slated
## 
### 
Four Stanford debate teams
will attend the Linfield College
Invitational Tournament at Mc-
Minnville, Ore., on March 6, 7
and 8.
Entered in the senior men's di
vision are the teams of Don
Proudfoot and Mike Willemsen,
Lester O'Shea and Woody Moyle,
and Dan Kremer and Fred Hil
lier. Nancy Snookal and Gloria
Bianchi will compete in senior
women's debate.
On March 7 and 8 three teams
will attend the Redlands College
Invitational Tournament at Red
lands. The teams of Hal Griffin
and Pat Milligan, and Keith Tor
ney and Dave Winder are entered
in upper division. Bob Deßusk
and Richard Noble will compete
in lower division debate.
Four Stanford debate teams
will attend the Linfield College
Invitational Tournament at Mc-
Minnville, Ore., on March 6, 7
and 8.
Entered in the senior men's di
vision are the teams of Don
Proudfoot and Mike Willemsen,
Lester O'Shea and Woody Moyle,
and Dan Kremer and Fred Hil
lier. Nancy Snookal and Gloria
Bianchi will compete in senior
women's debate.
On March 7 and 8 three teams
will attend the Redlands College
Invitational Tournament at Red
lands. The teams of Hal Griffin
and Pat Milligan, and Keith Tor
ney and Dave Winder are entered
in upper division. Bob Deßusk
and Richard Noble will compete
in lower division debate.
Four Stanford debate teams
will attend the Linfield College
Invitational Tournament at Mc-
Minnville, Ore., on March 6, 7
and 8.
Entered in the senior men's di
vision are the teams of Don
Proudfoot and Mike Willemsen,
Lester O'Shea and Woody Moyle,
and Dan Kremer and Fred Hil
lier. Nancy Snookal and Gloria
Bianchi will compete in senior
women's debate.
On March 7 and 8 three teams
will attend the Redlands College
Invitational Tournament at Red
lands. The teams of Hal Griffin
and Pat Milligan, and Keith Tor
ney and Dave Winder are entered
in upper division. Bob Deßusk
and Richard Noble will compete
in lower division debate.
Four Stanford debate teams
will attend the Linfield College
Invitational Tournament at Mc-
Minnville, Ore., on March 6, 7
and 8.
Entered in the senior men's di
vision are the teams of Don
Proudfoot and Mike Willemsen,
Lester O'Shea and Woody Moyle,
and Dan Kremer and Fred Hil
lier. Nancy Snookal and Gloria
Bianchi will compete in senior
women's debate.
On March 7 and 8 three teams
will attend the Redlands College
Invitational Tournament at Red
lands. The teams of Hal Griffin
and Pat Milligan, and Keith Tor
ney and Dave Winder are entered
in upper division. Bob Deßusk
and Richard Noble will compete
in lower division debate.
Four Stanford debate teams
will attend the Linfield College
Invitational Tournament at Mc-
Minnville, Ore., on March 6, 7
and 8.
Entered in the senior men's di
vision are the teams of Don
Proudfoot and Mike Willemsen,
Lester O'Shea and Woody Moyle,
and Dan Kremer and Fred Hil
lier. Nancy Snookal and Gloria
Bianchi will compete in senior
women's debate.
On March 7 and 8 three teams
will attend the Redlands College
Invitational Tournament at Red
lands. The teams of Hal Griffin
and Pat Milligan, and Keith Tor
ney and Dave Winder are entered
in upper division. Bob Deßusk
and Richard Noble will compete
in lower division debate.
Four Stanford debate teams
will attend the Linfield College
Invitational Tournament at Mc-
Minnville, Ore., on March 6, 7
and 8.
Entered in the senior men's di
vision are the teams of Don
Proudfoot and Mike Willemsen,
Lester O'Shea and Woody Moyle,
and Dan Kremer and Fred Hil
lier. Nancy Snookal and Gloria
Bianchi will compete in senior
women's debate.
On March 7 and 8 three teams
will attend the Redlands College
Invitational Tournament at Red
lands. The teams of Hal Griffin
and Pat Milligan, and Keith Tor
ney and Dave Winder are entered
in upper division. Bob Deßusk
and Richard Noble will compete
in lower division debate.
Four Stanford debate teams
will attend the Linfield College
Invitational Tournament at Mc-
Minnville, Ore., on March 6, 7
and 8.
Entered in the senior men's di
vision are the teams of Don
Proudfoot and Mike Willemsen,
Lester O'Shea and Woody Moyle,
and Dan Kremer and Fred Hil
lier. Nancy Snookal and Gloria
Bianchi will compete in senior
women's debate.
On March 7 and 8 three teams
will attend the Redlands College
Invitational Tournament at Red
lands. The teams of Hal Griffin
and Pat Milligan, and Keith Tor
ney and Dave Winder are entered
in upper division. Bob Deßusk
and Richard Noble will compete
in lower division debate.
Four Stanford debate teams
will attend the Linfield College
Invitational Tournament at Mc-
Minnville, Ore., on March 6, 7
and 8.
Entered in the senior men's di
vision are the teams of Don
Proudfoot and Mike Willemsen,
Lester O'Shea and Woody Moyle,
and Dan Kremer and Fred Hil
lier. Nancy Snookal and Gloria
Bianchi will compete in senior
women's debate.
On March 7 and 8 three teams
will attend the Redlands College
Invitational Tournament at Red
lands. The teams of Hal Griffin
and Pat Milligan, and Keith Tor
ney and Dave Winder are entered
in upper division. Bob Deßusk
and Richard Noble will compete
in lower division debate.
Four Stanford debate teams
will attend the Linfield College
Invitational Tournament at Mc-
Minnville, Ore., on March 6, 7
and 8.
Entered in the senior men's di
vision are the teams of Don
Proudfoot and Mike Willemsen,
Lester O'Shea and Woody Moyle,
and Dan Kremer and Fred Hil
lier. Nancy Snookal and Gloria
Bianchi will compete in senior
women's debate.
On March 7 and 8 three teams
will attend the Redlands College
Invitational Tournament at Red
lands. The teams of Hal Griffin
and Pat Milligan, and Keith Tor
ney and Dave Winder are entered
in upper division. Bob Deßusk
and Richard Noble will compete
in lower division debate.
Four Stanford debate teams
will attend the Linfield College
Invitational Tournament at Mc-
Minnville, Ore., on March 6, 7
and 8.
Entered in the senior men's di
vision are the teams of Don
Proudfoot and Mike Willemsen,
Lester O'Shea and Woody Moyle,
and Dan Kremer and Fred Hil
lier. Nancy Snookal and Gloria
Bianchi will compete in senior
women's debate.
On March 7 and 8 three teams
will attend the Redlands College
Invitational Tournament at Red
lands. The teams of Hal Griffin
and Pat Milligan, and Keith Tor
ney and Dave Winder are entered
in upper division. Bob Deßusk
and Richard Noble will compete
in lower division debate.
Four Stanford debate teams
will attend the Linfield College
Invitational Tournament at Mc-
Minnville, Ore., on March 6, 7
and 8.
Entered in the senior men's di
vision are the teams of Don
Proudfoot and Mike Willemsen,
Lester O'Shea and Woody Moyle,
and Dan Kremer and Fred Hil
lier. Nancy Snookal and Gloria
Bianchi will compete in senior
women's debate.
On March 7 and 8 three teams
will attend the Redlands College
Invitational Tournament at Red
lands. The teams of Hal Griffin
and Pat Milligan, and Keith Tor
ney and Dave Winder are entered
in upper division. Bob Deßusk
and Richard Noble will compete
in lower division debate.
Four Stanford debate teams
will attend the Linfield College
Invitational Tournament at Mc-
Minnville, Ore., on March 6, 7
and 8.
Entered in the senior men's di
vision are the teams of Don
Proudfoot and Mike Willemsen,
Lester O'Shea and Woody Moyle,
and Dan Kremer and Fred Hil
lier. Nancy Snookal and Gloria
Bianchi will compete in senior
women's debate.
On March 7 and 8 three teams
will attend the Redlands College
Invitational Tournament at Red
lands. The teams of Hal Griffin
and Pat Milligan, and Keith Tor
ney and Dave Winder are entered
in upper division. Bob Deßusk
and Richard Noble will compete
in lower division debate.
Four Stanford debate teams
will attend the Linfield College
Invitational Tournament at Mc-
Minnville, Ore., on March 6, 7
and 8.
Entered in the senior men's di
vision are the teams of Don
Proudfoot and Mike Willemsen,
Lester O'Shea and Woody Moyle,
and Dan Kremer and Fred Hil
lier. Nancy Snookal and Gloria
Bianchi will compete in senior
women's debate.
On March 7 and 8 three teams
will attend the Redlands College
Invitational Tournament at Red
lands. The teams of Hal Griffin
and Pat Milligan, and Keith Tor
ney and Dave Winder are entered
in upper division. Bob Deßusk
and Richard Noble will compete
in lower division debate.
Four Stanford debate teams
will attend the Linfield College
Invitational Tournament at Mc-
Minnville, Ore., on March 6, 7
and 8.
Entered in the senior men's di
vision are the teams of Don
Proudfoot and Mike Willemsen,
Lester O'Shea and Woody Moyle,
and Dan Kremer and Fred Hil
lier. Nancy Snookal and Gloria
Bianchi will compete in senior
women's debate.
On March 7 and 8 three teams
will attend the Redlands College
Invitational Tournament at Red
lands. The teams of Hal Griffin
and Pat Milligan, and Keith Tor
ney and Dave Winder are entered
in upper division. Bob Deßusk
and Richard Noble will compete
in lower division debate.
Four Stanford debate teams
will attend the Linfield College
Invitational Tournament at Mc-
Minnville, Ore., on March 6, 7
and 8.
Entered in the senior men's di
vision are the teams of Don
Proudfoot and Mike Willemsen,
Lester O'Shea and Woody Moyle,
and Dan Kremer and Fred Hil
lier. Nancy Snookal and Gloria
Bianchi will compete in senior
women's debate.
On March 7 and 8 three teams
will attend the Redlands College
Invitational Tournament at Red
lands. The teams of Hal Griffin
and Pat Milligan, and Keith Tor
ney and Dave Winder are entered
in upper division. Bob Deßusk
and Richard Noble will compete
in lower division debate.
Four Stanford debate teams
will attend the Linfield College
Invitational Tournament at Mc-
Minnville, Ore., on March 6, 7
and 8.
Entered in the senior men's di
vision are the teams of Don
Proudfoot and Mike Willemsen,
Lester O'Shea and Woody Moyle,
and Dan Kremer and Fred Hil
lier. Nancy Snookal and Gloria
Bianchi will compete in senior
women's debate.
On March 7 and 8 three teams
will attend the Redlands College
Invitational Tournament at Red
lands. The teams of Hal Griffin
and Pat Milligan, and Keith Tor
ney and Dave Winder are entered
in upper division. Bob Deßusk
and Richard Noble will compete
in lower division debate.
Four Stanford debate teams
will attend the Linfield College
Invitational Tournament at Mc-
Minnville, Ore., on March 6, 7
and 8.
Entered in the senior men's di
vision are the teams of Don
Proudfoot and Mike Willemsen,
Lester O'Shea and Woody Moyle,
and Dan Kremer and Fred Hil
lier. Nancy Snookal and Gloria
Bianchi will compete in senior
women's debate.
On March 7 and 8 three teams
will attend the Redlands College
Invitational Tournament at Red
lands. The teams of Hal Griffin
and Pat Milligan, and Keith Tor
ney and Dave Winder are entered
in upper division. Bob Deßusk
and Richard Noble will compete
in lower division debate.
