# BASKETBALL
## 
### 
There will be a meeting of all
students interested in playing
varsity basketball on Wednesday
at 4 :00 p.m. in Maples Pavilion.
There will be a meeting of all
students interested in playing
varsity basketball on Wednesday
at 4 :00 p.m. in Maples Pavilion.
There will be a meeting of all
students interested in playing
varsity basketball on Wednesday
at 4 :00 p.m. in Maples Pavilion.
There will be a meeting of all
students interested in playing
varsity basketball on Wednesday
at 4 :00 p.m. in Maples Pavilion.
There will be a meeting of all
students interested in playing
varsity basketball on Wednesday
at 4 :00 p.m. in Maples Pavilion.
There will be a meeting of all
students interested in playing
varsity basketball on Wednesday
at 4 :00 p.m. in Maples Pavilion.
There will be a meeting of all
students interested in playing
varsity basketball on Wednesday
at 4 :00 p.m. in Maples Pavilion.
There will be a meeting of all
students interested in playing
varsity basketball on Wednesday
at 4 :00 p.m. in Maples Pavilion.
There will be a meeting of all
students interested in playing
varsity basketball on Wednesday
at 4 :00 p.m. in Maples Pavilion.
There will be a meeting of all
students interested in playing
varsity basketball on Wednesday
at 4 :00 p.m. in Maples Pavilion.
There will be a meeting of all
students interested in playing
varsity basketball on Wednesday
at 4 :00 p.m. in Maples Pavilion.
There will be a meeting of all
students interested in playing
varsity basketball on Wednesday
at 4 :00 p.m. in Maples Pavilion.
There will be a meeting of all
students interested in playing
varsity basketball on Wednesday
at 4 :00 p.m. in Maples Pavilion.
