# Indian Films Will Be Shown
## 
### KICK BARRETT 
India Association and the India
Committee of HR will jointly pre
sent Satyajit Ray’s “Father Pan
chali” and “Aparajito” tonight
and Friday night at 7:15 at Cub
berley Auditorium. Both films
will be shown each evening and
will last approximately three
hours. Tickets will cost 50 cents
and may bo purchased at Engi
neering Corner or at the door.
They will be good for both per
formances.
These films are the first two
parts of the three-part Apu Trilo
gy. Both are theme films and not
merely travelogues designed to
attract American tourists. The
main theme of the trilogy re
volves around a Brahmin family,
caught in extreme poverty, but
fatalistically aware of reality.
The first film “Father Panchali”
deals with the boyhood of the
hero Apu and the mother’s defi
ant attempts to keep the family
together.
The second film, “Aparajito,”
show's Apu trying to get the mys
tic charm an English education
—which will break the circle of
poverty. The story takes place in
a village in Bengal with a stag
nant and dull atmosphere as a
complement to poverty.
The background music was
composed by Ravishankar whose
Sitar playing delighted Stanford
audiences last fall.
India Association and the India
Committee of HR will jointly pre
sent Satyajit Ray’s “Father Pan
chali” and “Aparajito” tonight
and Friday night at 7:15 at Cub
berley Auditorium. Both films
will be shown each evening and
will last approximately three
hours. Tickets will cost 50 cents
and may bo purchased at Engi
neering Corner or at the door.
They will be good for both per
formances.
These films are the first two
parts of the three-part Apu Trilo
gy. Both are theme films and not
merely travelogues designed to
attract American tourists. The
main theme of the trilogy re
volves around a Brahmin family,
caught in extreme poverty, but
fatalistically aware of reality.
The first film “Father Panchali”
deals with the boyhood of the
hero Apu and the mother’s defi
ant attempts to keep the family
together.
The second film, “Aparajito,”
show's Apu trying to get the mys
tic charm an English education
—which will break the circle of
poverty. The story takes place in
a village in Bengal with a stag
nant and dull atmosphere as a
complement to poverty.
The background music was
composed by Ravishankar whose
Sitar playing delighted Stanford
audiences last fall.
India Association and the India
Committee of HR will jointly pre
sent Satyajit Ray’s “Father Pan
chali” and “Aparajito” tonight
and Friday night at 7:15 at Cub
berley Auditorium. Both films
will be shown each evening and
will last approximately three
hours. Tickets will cost 50 cents
and may bo purchased at Engi
neering Corner or at the door.
They will be good for both per
formances.
These films are the first two
parts of the three-part Apu Trilo
gy. Both are theme films and not
merely travelogues designed to
attract American tourists. The
main theme of the trilogy re
volves around a Brahmin family,
caught in extreme poverty, but
fatalistically aware of reality.
The first film “Father Panchali”
deals with the boyhood of the
hero Apu and the mother’s defi
ant attempts to keep the family
together.
The second film, “Aparajito,”
show's Apu trying to get the mys
tic charm an English education
—which will break the circle of
poverty. The story takes place in
a village in Bengal with a stag
nant and dull atmosphere as a
complement to poverty.
The background music was
composed by Ravishankar whose
Sitar playing delighted Stanford
audiences last fall.
India Association and the India
Committee of HR will jointly pre
sent Satyajit Ray’s “Father Pan
chali” and “Aparajito” tonight
and Friday night at 7:15 at Cub
berley Auditorium. Both films
will be shown each evening and
will last approximately three
hours. Tickets will cost 50 cents
and may bo purchased at Engi
neering Corner or at the door.
They will be good for both per
formances.
These films are the first two
parts of the three-part Apu Trilo
gy. Both are theme films and not
merely travelogues designed to
attract American tourists. The
main theme of the trilogy re
volves around a Brahmin family,
caught in extreme poverty, but
fatalistically aware of reality.
The first film “Father Panchali”
deals with the boyhood of the
hero Apu and the mother’s defi
ant attempts to keep the family
together.
The second film, “Aparajito,”
show's Apu trying to get the mys
tic charm an English education
—which will break the circle of
poverty. The story takes place in
a village in Bengal with a stag
nant and dull atmosphere as a
complement to poverty.
The background music was
composed by Ravishankar whose
Sitar playing delighted Stanford
audiences last fall.
India Association and the India
Committee of HR will jointly pre
sent Satyajit Ray’s “Father Pan
chali” and “Aparajito” tonight
and Friday night at 7:15 at Cub
berley Auditorium. Both films
will be shown each evening and
will last approximately three
hours. Tickets will cost 50 cents
and may bo purchased at Engi
neering Corner or at the door.
They will be good for both per
formances.
These films are the first two
parts of the three-part Apu Trilo
gy. Both are theme films and not
merely travelogues designed to
attract American tourists. The
main theme of the trilogy re
volves around a Brahmin family,
caught in extreme poverty, but
fatalistically aware of reality.
The first film “Father Panchali”
deals with the boyhood of the
hero Apu and the mother’s defi
ant attempts to keep the family
together.
The second film, “Aparajito,”
show's Apu trying to get the mys
tic charm an English education
—which will break the circle of
poverty. The story takes place in
a village in Bengal with a stag
nant and dull atmosphere as a
complement to poverty.
The background music was
composed by Ravishankar whose
Sitar playing delighted Stanford
audiences last fall.
India Association and the India
Committee of HR will jointly pre
sent Satyajit Ray’s “Father Pan
chali” and “Aparajito” tonight
and Friday night at 7:15 at Cub
berley Auditorium. Both films
will be shown each evening and
will last approximately three
hours. Tickets will cost 50 cents
and may bo purchased at Engi
neering Corner or at the door.
They will be good for both per
formances.
These films are the first two
parts of the three-part Apu Trilo
gy. Both are theme films and not
merely travelogues designed to
attract American tourists. The
main theme of the trilogy re
volves around a Brahmin family,
caught in extreme poverty, but
fatalistically aware of reality.
The first film “Father Panchali”
deals with the boyhood of the
hero Apu and the mother’s defi
ant attempts to keep the family
together.
The second film, “Aparajito,”
show's Apu trying to get the mys
tic charm an English education
—which will break the circle of
poverty. The story takes place in
a village in Bengal with a stag
nant and dull atmosphere as a
complement to poverty.
The background music was
composed by Ravishankar whose
Sitar playing delighted Stanford
audiences last fall.
India Association and the India
Committee of HR will jointly pre
sent Satyajit Ray’s “Father Pan
chali” and “Aparajito” tonight
and Friday night at 7:15 at Cub
berley Auditorium. Both films
will be shown each evening and
will last approximately three
hours. Tickets will cost 50 cents
and may bo purchased at Engi
neering Corner or at the door.
They will be good for both per
formances.
These films are the first two
parts of the three-part Apu Trilo
gy. Both are theme films and not
merely travelogues designed to
attract American tourists. The
main theme of the trilogy re
volves around a Brahmin family,
caught in extreme poverty, but
fatalistically aware of reality.
The first film “Father Panchali”
deals with the boyhood of the
hero Apu and the mother’s defi
ant attempts to keep the family
together.
The second film, “Aparajito,”
show's Apu trying to get the mys
tic charm an English education
—which will break the circle of
poverty. The story takes place in
a village in Bengal with a stag
nant and dull atmosphere as a
complement to poverty.
The background music was
composed by Ravishankar whose
Sitar playing delighted Stanford
audiences last fall.
India Association and the India
Committee of HR will jointly pre
sent Satyajit Ray’s “Father Pan
chali” and “Aparajito” tonight
and Friday night at 7:15 at Cub
berley Auditorium. Both films
will be shown each evening and
will last approximately three
hours. Tickets will cost 50 cents
and may bo purchased at Engi
neering Corner or at the door.
They will be good for both per
formances.
These films are the first two
parts of the three-part Apu Trilo
gy. Both are theme films and not
merely travelogues designed to
attract American tourists. The
main theme of the trilogy re
volves around a Brahmin family,
caught in extreme poverty, but
fatalistically aware of reality.
The first film “Father Panchali”
deals with the boyhood of the
hero Apu and the mother’s defi
ant attempts to keep the family
together.
The second film, “Aparajito,”
show's Apu trying to get the mys
tic charm an English education
—which will break the circle of
poverty. The story takes place in
a village in Bengal with a stag
nant and dull atmosphere as a
complement to poverty.
The background music was
composed by Ravishankar whose
Sitar playing delighted Stanford
audiences last fall.
India Association and the India
Committee of HR will jointly pre
sent Satyajit Ray’s “Father Pan
chali” and “Aparajito” tonight
and Friday night at 7:15 at Cub
berley Auditorium. Both films
will be shown each evening and
will last approximately three
hours. Tickets will cost 50 cents
and may bo purchased at Engi
neering Corner or at the door.
They will be good for both per
formances.
These films are the first two
parts of the three-part Apu Trilo
gy. Both are theme films and not
merely travelogues designed to
attract American tourists. The
main theme of the trilogy re
volves around a Brahmin family,
caught in extreme poverty, but
fatalistically aware of reality.
The first film “Father Panchali”
deals with the boyhood of the
hero Apu and the mother’s defi
ant attempts to keep the family
together.
The second film, “Aparajito,”
show's Apu trying to get the mys
tic charm an English education
—which will break the circle of
poverty. The story takes place in
a village in Bengal with a stag
nant and dull atmosphere as a
complement to poverty.
The background music was
composed by Ravishankar whose
Sitar playing delighted Stanford
audiences last fall.
India Association and the India
Committee of HR will jointly pre
sent Satyajit Ray’s “Father Pan
chali” and “Aparajito” tonight
and Friday night at 7:15 at Cub
berley Auditorium. Both films
will be shown each evening and
will last approximately three
hours. Tickets will cost 50 cents
and may bo purchased at Engi
neering Corner or at the door.
They will be good for both per
formances.
These films are the first two
parts of the three-part Apu Trilo
gy. Both are theme films and not
merely travelogues designed to
attract American tourists. The
main theme of the trilogy re
volves around a Brahmin family,
caught in extreme poverty, but
fatalistically aware of reality.
The first film “Father Panchali”
deals with the boyhood of the
hero Apu and the mother’s defi
ant attempts to keep the family
together.
The second film, “Aparajito,”
show's Apu trying to get the mys
tic charm an English education
—which will break the circle of
poverty. The story takes place in
a village in Bengal with a stag
nant and dull atmosphere as a
complement to poverty.
The background music was
composed by Ravishankar whose
Sitar playing delighted Stanford
audiences last fall.
India Association and the India
Committee of HR will jointly pre
sent Satyajit Ray’s “Father Pan
chali” and “Aparajito” tonight
and Friday night at 7:15 at Cub
berley Auditorium. Both films
will be shown each evening and
will last approximately three
hours. Tickets will cost 50 cents
and may bo purchased at Engi
neering Corner or at the door.
They will be good for both per
formances.
These films are the first two
parts of the three-part Apu Trilo
gy. Both are theme films and not
merely travelogues designed to
attract American tourists. The
main theme of the trilogy re
volves around a Brahmin family,
caught in extreme poverty, but
fatalistically aware of reality.
The first film “Father Panchali”
deals with the boyhood of the
hero Apu and the mother’s defi
ant attempts to keep the family
together.
The second film, “Aparajito,”
show's Apu trying to get the mys
tic charm an English education
—which will break the circle of
poverty. The story takes place in
a village in Bengal with a stag
nant and dull atmosphere as a
complement to poverty.
The background music was
composed by Ravishankar whose
Sitar playing delighted Stanford
audiences last fall.
India Association and the India
Committee of HR will jointly pre
sent Satyajit Ray’s “Father Pan
chali” and “Aparajito” tonight
and Friday night at 7:15 at Cub
berley Auditorium. Both films
will be shown each evening and
will last approximately three
hours. Tickets will cost 50 cents
and may bo purchased at Engi
neering Corner or at the door.
They will be good for both per
formances.
These films are the first two
parts of the three-part Apu Trilo
gy. Both are theme films and not
merely travelogues designed to
attract American tourists. The
main theme of the trilogy re
volves around a Brahmin family,
caught in extreme poverty, but
fatalistically aware of reality.
The first film “Father Panchali”
deals with the boyhood of the
hero Apu and the mother’s defi
ant attempts to keep the family
together.
The second film, “Aparajito,”
show's Apu trying to get the mys
tic charm an English education
—which will break the circle of
poverty. The story takes place in
a village in Bengal with a stag
nant and dull atmosphere as a
complement to poverty.
The background music was
composed by Ravishankar whose
Sitar playing delighted Stanford
audiences last fall.
India Association and the India
Committee of HR will jointly pre
sent Satyajit Ray’s “Father Pan
chali” and “Aparajito” tonight
and Friday night at 7:15 at Cub
berley Auditorium. Both films
will be shown each evening and
will last approximately three
hours. Tickets will cost 50 cents
and may bo purchased at Engi
neering Corner or at the door.
They will be good for both per
formances.
These films are the first two
parts of the three-part Apu Trilo
gy. Both are theme films and not
merely travelogues designed to
attract American tourists. The
main theme of the trilogy re
volves around a Brahmin family,
caught in extreme poverty, but
fatalistically aware of reality.
The first film “Father Panchali”
deals with the boyhood of the
hero Apu and the mother’s defi
ant attempts to keep the family
together.
The second film, “Aparajito,”
show's Apu trying to get the mys
tic charm an English education
—which will break the circle of
poverty. The story takes place in
a village in Bengal with a stag
nant and dull atmosphere as a
complement to poverty.
The background music was
composed by Ravishankar whose
Sitar playing delighted Stanford
audiences last fall.
India Association and the India
Committee of HR will jointly pre
sent Satyajit Ray’s “Father Pan
chali” and “Aparajito” tonight
and Friday night at 7:15 at Cub
berley Auditorium. Both films
will be shown each evening and
will last approximately three
hours. Tickets will cost 50 cents
and may bo purchased at Engi
neering Corner or at the door.
They will be good for both per
formances.
These films are the first two
parts of the three-part Apu Trilo
gy. Both are theme films and not
merely travelogues designed to
attract American tourists. The
main theme of the trilogy re
volves around a Brahmin family,
caught in extreme poverty, but
fatalistically aware of reality.
The first film “Father Panchali”
deals with the boyhood of the
hero Apu and the mother’s defi
ant attempts to keep the family
together.
The second film, “Aparajito,”
show's Apu trying to get the mys
tic charm an English education
—which will break the circle of
poverty. The story takes place in
a village in Bengal with a stag
nant and dull atmosphere as a
complement to poverty.
The background music was
composed by Ravishankar whose
Sitar playing delighted Stanford
audiences last fall.
India Association and the India
Committee of HR will jointly pre
sent Satyajit Ray’s “Father Pan
chali” and “Aparajito” tonight
and Friday night at 7:15 at Cub
berley Auditorium. Both films
will be shown each evening and
will last approximately three
hours. Tickets will cost 50 cents
and may bo purchased at Engi
neering Corner or at the door.
They will be good for both per
formances.
These films are the first two
parts of the three-part Apu Trilo
gy. Both are theme films and not
merely travelogues designed to
attract American tourists. The
main theme of the trilogy re
volves around a Brahmin family,
caught in extreme poverty, but
fatalistically aware of reality.
The first film “Father Panchali”
deals with the boyhood of the
hero Apu and the mother’s defi
ant attempts to keep the family
together.
The second film, “Aparajito,”
show's Apu trying to get the mys
tic charm an English education
—which will break the circle of
poverty. The story takes place in
a village in Bengal with a stag
nant and dull atmosphere as a
complement to poverty.
The background music was
composed by Ravishankar whose
Sitar playing delighted Stanford
audiences last fall.
India Association and the India
Committee of HR will jointly pre
sent Satyajit Ray’s “Father Pan
chali” and “Aparajito” tonight
and Friday night at 7:15 at Cub
berley Auditorium. Both films
will be shown each evening and
will last approximately three
hours. Tickets will cost 50 cents
and may bo purchased at Engi
neering Corner or at the door.
They will be good for both per
formances.
These films are the first two
parts of the three-part Apu Trilo
gy. Both are theme films and not
merely travelogues designed to
attract American tourists. The
main theme of the trilogy re
volves around a Brahmin family,
caught in extreme poverty, but
fatalistically aware of reality.
The first film “Father Panchali”
deals with the boyhood of the
hero Apu and the mother’s defi
ant attempts to keep the family
together.
The second film, “Aparajito,”
show's Apu trying to get the mys
tic charm an English education
—which will break the circle of
poverty. The story takes place in
a village in Bengal with a stag
nant and dull atmosphere as a
complement to poverty.
The background music was
composed by Ravishankar whose
Sitar playing delighted Stanford
audiences last fall.
India Association and the India
Committee of HR will jointly pre
sent Satyajit Ray’s “Father Pan
chali” and “Aparajito” tonight
and Friday night at 7:15 at Cub
berley Auditorium. Both films
will be shown each evening and
will last approximately three
hours. Tickets will cost 50 cents
and may bo purchased at Engi
neering Corner or at the door.
They will be good for both per
formances.
These films are the first two
parts of the three-part Apu Trilo
gy. Both are theme films and not
merely travelogues designed to
attract American tourists. The
main theme of the trilogy re
volves around a Brahmin family,
caught in extreme poverty, but
fatalistically aware of reality.
The first film “Father Panchali”
deals with the boyhood of the
hero Apu and the mother’s defi
ant attempts to keep the family
together.
The second film, “Aparajito,”
show's Apu trying to get the mys
tic charm an English education
—which will break the circle of
poverty. The story takes place in
a village in Bengal with a stag
nant and dull atmosphere as a
complement to poverty.
The background music was
composed by Ravishankar whose
Sitar playing delighted Stanford
audiences last fall.
