# KZSU Airs Song Cycle
## 
### 
At 9 tonight, KZSU will air the
complete song cycle of Paul Hin
demuth, “Das Barienlcben,” the
Life of Mary, performed last
Wednesday. Thursday, and Fri
day, in Dinkelspiel Rehearsal
Hall; the performers are Walter
Moore and Martha Krug.
The cycle is the life story of
Mary, mother of Christ, set to
music for soprano soloist and pi
ano; the text is in Gorman. An
English translation will be read
on the program.
At 9 tonight, KZSU will air the
complete song cycle of Paul Hin
demuth, “Das Barienlcben,” the
Life of Mary, performed last
Wednesday. Thursday, and Fri
day, in Dinkelspiel Rehearsal
Hall; the performers are Walter
Moore and Martha Krug.
The cycle is the life story of
Mary, mother of Christ, set to
music for soprano soloist and pi
ano; the text is in Gorman. An
English translation will be read
on the program.
At 9 tonight, KZSU will air the
complete song cycle of Paul Hin
demuth, “Das Barienlcben,” the
Life of Mary, performed last
Wednesday. Thursday, and Fri
day, in Dinkelspiel Rehearsal
Hall; the performers are Walter
Moore and Martha Krug.
The cycle is the life story of
Mary, mother of Christ, set to
music for soprano soloist and pi
ano; the text is in Gorman. An
English translation will be read
on the program.
At 9 tonight, KZSU will air the
complete song cycle of Paul Hin
demuth, “Das Barienlcben,” the
Life of Mary, performed last
Wednesday. Thursday, and Fri
day, in Dinkelspiel Rehearsal
Hall; the performers are Walter
Moore and Martha Krug.
The cycle is the life story of
Mary, mother of Christ, set to
music for soprano soloist and pi
ano; the text is in Gorman. An
English translation will be read
on the program.
At 9 tonight, KZSU will air the
complete song cycle of Paul Hin
demuth, “Das Barienlcben,” the
Life of Mary, performed last
Wednesday. Thursday, and Fri
day, in Dinkelspiel Rehearsal
Hall; the performers are Walter
Moore and Martha Krug.
The cycle is the life story of
Mary, mother of Christ, set to
music for soprano soloist and pi
ano; the text is in Gorman. An
English translation will be read
on the program.
At 9 tonight, KZSU will air the
complete song cycle of Paul Hin
demuth, “Das Barienlcben,” the
Life of Mary, performed last
Wednesday. Thursday, and Fri
day, in Dinkelspiel Rehearsal
Hall; the performers are Walter
Moore and Martha Krug.
The cycle is the life story of
Mary, mother of Christ, set to
music for soprano soloist and pi
ano; the text is in Gorman. An
English translation will be read
on the program.
At 9 tonight, KZSU will air the
complete song cycle of Paul Hin
demuth, “Das Barienlcben,” the
Life of Mary, performed last
Wednesday. Thursday, and Fri
day, in Dinkelspiel Rehearsal
Hall; the performers are Walter
Moore and Martha Krug.
The cycle is the life story of
Mary, mother of Christ, set to
music for soprano soloist and pi
ano; the text is in Gorman. An
English translation will be read
on the program.
At 9 tonight, KZSU will air the
complete song cycle of Paul Hin
demuth, “Das Barienlcben,” the
Life of Mary, performed last
Wednesday. Thursday, and Fri
day, in Dinkelspiel Rehearsal
Hall; the performers are Walter
Moore and Martha Krug.
The cycle is the life story of
Mary, mother of Christ, set to
music for soprano soloist and pi
ano; the text is in Gorman. An
English translation will be read
on the program.
At 9 tonight, KZSU will air the
complete song cycle of Paul Hin
demuth, “Das Barienlcben,” the
Life of Mary, performed last
Wednesday. Thursday, and Fri
day, in Dinkelspiel Rehearsal
Hall; the performers are Walter
Moore and Martha Krug.
The cycle is the life story of
Mary, mother of Christ, set to
music for soprano soloist and pi
ano; the text is in Gorman. An
English translation will be read
on the program.
At 9 tonight, KZSU will air the
complete song cycle of Paul Hin
demuth, “Das Barienlcben,” the
Life of Mary, performed last
Wednesday. Thursday, and Fri
day, in Dinkelspiel Rehearsal
Hall; the performers are Walter
Moore and Martha Krug.
The cycle is the life story of
Mary, mother of Christ, set to
music for soprano soloist and pi
ano; the text is in Gorman. An
English translation will be read
on the program.
At 9 tonight, KZSU will air the
complete song cycle of Paul Hin
demuth, “Das Barienlcben,” the
Life of Mary, performed last
Wednesday. Thursday, and Fri
day, in Dinkelspiel Rehearsal
Hall; the performers are Walter
Moore and Martha Krug.
The cycle is the life story of
Mary, mother of Christ, set to
music for soprano soloist and pi
ano; the text is in Gorman. An
English translation will be read
on the program.
At 9 tonight, KZSU will air the
complete song cycle of Paul Hin
demuth, “Das Barienlcben,” the
Life of Mary, performed last
Wednesday. Thursday, and Fri
day, in Dinkelspiel Rehearsal
Hall; the performers are Walter
Moore and Martha Krug.
The cycle is the life story of
Mary, mother of Christ, set to
music for soprano soloist and pi
ano; the text is in Gorman. An
English translation will be read
on the program.
At 9 tonight, KZSU will air the
complete song cycle of Paul Hin
demuth, “Das Barienlcben,” the
Life of Mary, performed last
Wednesday. Thursday, and Fri
day, in Dinkelspiel Rehearsal
Hall; the performers are Walter
Moore and Martha Krug.
The cycle is the life story of
Mary, mother of Christ, set to
music for soprano soloist and pi
ano; the text is in Gorman. An
English translation will be read
on the program.
At 9 tonight, KZSU will air the
complete song cycle of Paul Hin
demuth, “Das Barienlcben,” the
Life of Mary, performed last
Wednesday. Thursday, and Fri
day, in Dinkelspiel Rehearsal
Hall; the performers are Walter
Moore and Martha Krug.
The cycle is the life story of
Mary, mother of Christ, set to
music for soprano soloist and pi
ano; the text is in Gorman. An
English translation will be read
on the program.
At 9 tonight, KZSU will air the
complete song cycle of Paul Hin
demuth, “Das Barienlcben,” the
Life of Mary, performed last
Wednesday. Thursday, and Fri
day, in Dinkelspiel Rehearsal
Hall; the performers are Walter
Moore and Martha Krug.
The cycle is the life story of
Mary, mother of Christ, set to
music for soprano soloist and pi
ano; the text is in Gorman. An
English translation will be read
on the program.
At 9 tonight, KZSU will air the
complete song cycle of Paul Hin
demuth, “Das Barienlcben,” the
Life of Mary, performed last
Wednesday. Thursday, and Fri
day, in Dinkelspiel Rehearsal
Hall; the performers are Walter
Moore and Martha Krug.
The cycle is the life story of
Mary, mother of Christ, set to
music for soprano soloist and pi
ano; the text is in Gorman. An
English translation will be read
on the program.
At 9 tonight, KZSU will air the
complete song cycle of Paul Hin
demuth, “Das Barienlcben,” the
Life of Mary, performed last
Wednesday. Thursday, and Fri
day, in Dinkelspiel Rehearsal
Hall; the performers are Walter
Moore and Martha Krug.
The cycle is the life story of
Mary, mother of Christ, set to
music for soprano soloist and pi
ano; the text is in Gorman. An
English translation will be read
on the program.
