# WUS Donuts To Aid Drive
## 
### 
The World University Serv
ice Drive continues its fund
raising drive over the week
end, ending up Sunday with a
donut sale on the lawns of
Wilbur and Roble from noon
to 1:30 p.m.

Results of the WUS slave
auction saw Muir House buy
ing Stillman and a corridor
of Roble and Branner for an
undisclosed purpose. An en
terprising grad student
bought Paloma to wash his
laundry, and the Sigma Nu’s
bought Eucalypto and the
Zetes.

Books and clothing for Ba
sutoland, South Africa, will
continue to be collected
through the beginning of next
quarter by dorm representa
tives.

Tentative programs of
WUS will include two free
films in the next two quar
ters, “Come Back, Africa,’’
and “Question 7.”
The World University Serv
ice Drive continues its fund
raising drive over the week
end, ending up Sunday with a
donut sale on the lawns of
Wilbur and Roble from noon
to 1:30 p.m.

Results of the WUS slave
auction saw Muir House buy
ing Stillman and a corridor
of Roble and Branner for an
undisclosed purpose. An en
terprising grad student
bought Paloma to wash his
laundry, and the Sigma Nu’s
bought Eucalypto and the
Zetes.

Books and clothing for Ba
sutoland, South Africa, will
continue to be collected
through the beginning of next
quarter by dorm representa
tives.

Tentative programs of
WUS will include two free
films in the next two quar
ters, “Come Back, Africa,’’
and “Question 7.”
The World University Serv
ice Drive continues its fund
raising drive over the week
end, ending up Sunday with a
donut sale on the lawns of
Wilbur and Roble from noon
to 1:30 p.m.

Results of the WUS slave
auction saw Muir House buy
ing Stillman and a corridor
of Roble and Branner for an
undisclosed purpose. An en
terprising grad student
bought Paloma to wash his
laundry, and the Sigma Nu’s
bought Eucalypto and the
Zetes.

Books and clothing for Ba
sutoland, South Africa, will
continue to be collected
through the beginning of next
quarter by dorm representa
tives.

Tentative programs of
WUS will include two free
films in the next two quar
ters, “Come Back, Africa,’’
and “Question 7.”
The World University Serv
ice Drive continues its fund
raising drive over the week
end, ending up Sunday with a
donut sale on the lawns of
Wilbur and Roble from noon
to 1:30 p.m.

Results of the WUS slave
auction saw Muir House buy
ing Stillman and a corridor
of Roble and Branner for an
undisclosed purpose. An en
terprising grad student
bought Paloma to wash his
laundry, and the Sigma Nu’s
bought Eucalypto and the
Zetes.

Books and clothing for Ba
sutoland, South Africa, will
continue to be collected
through the beginning of next
quarter by dorm representa
tives.

Tentative programs of
WUS will include two free
films in the next two quar
ters, “Come Back, Africa,’’
and “Question 7.”
The World University Serv
ice Drive continues its fund
raising drive over the week
end, ending up Sunday with a
donut sale on the lawns of
Wilbur and Roble from noon
to 1:30 p.m.

Results of the WUS slave
auction saw Muir House buy
ing Stillman and a corridor
of Roble and Branner for an
undisclosed purpose. An en
terprising grad student
bought Paloma to wash his
laundry, and the Sigma Nu’s
bought Eucalypto and the
Zetes.

Books and clothing for Ba
sutoland, South Africa, will
continue to be collected
through the beginning of next
quarter by dorm representa
tives.

Tentative programs of
WUS will include two free
films in the next two quar
ters, “Come Back, Africa,’’
and “Question 7.”
The World University Serv
ice Drive continues its fund
raising drive over the week
end, ending up Sunday with a
donut sale on the lawns of
Wilbur and Roble from noon
to 1:30 p.m.

Results of the WUS slave
auction saw Muir House buy
ing Stillman and a corridor
of Roble and Branner for an
undisclosed purpose. An en
terprising grad student
bought Paloma to wash his
laundry, and the Sigma Nu’s
bought Eucalypto and the
Zetes.

Books and clothing for Ba
sutoland, South Africa, will
continue to be collected
through the beginning of next
quarter by dorm representa
tives.

Tentative programs of
WUS will include two free
films in the next two quar
ters, “Come Back, Africa,’’
and “Question 7.”
The World University Serv
ice Drive continues its fund
raising drive over the week
end, ending up Sunday with a
donut sale on the lawns of
Wilbur and Roble from noon
to 1:30 p.m.

Results of the WUS slave
auction saw Muir House buy
ing Stillman and a corridor
of Roble and Branner for an
undisclosed purpose. An en
terprising grad student
bought Paloma to wash his
laundry, and the Sigma Nu’s
bought Eucalypto and the
Zetes.

Books and clothing for Ba
sutoland, South Africa, will
continue to be collected
through the beginning of next
quarter by dorm representa
tives.

Tentative programs of
WUS will include two free
films in the next two quar
ters, “Come Back, Africa,’’
and “Question 7.”
The World University Serv
ice Drive continues its fund
raising drive over the week
end, ending up Sunday with a
donut sale on the lawns of
Wilbur and Roble from noon
to 1:30 p.m.

Results of the WUS slave
auction saw Muir House buy
ing Stillman and a corridor
of Roble and Branner for an
undisclosed purpose. An en
terprising grad student
bought Paloma to wash his
laundry, and the Sigma Nu’s
bought Eucalypto and the
Zetes.

Books and clothing for Ba
sutoland, South Africa, will
continue to be collected
through the beginning of next
quarter by dorm representa
tives.

Tentative programs of
WUS will include two free
films in the next two quar
ters, “Come Back, Africa,’’
and “Question 7.”
The World University Serv
ice Drive continues its fund
raising drive over the week
end, ending up Sunday with a
donut sale on the lawns of
Wilbur and Roble from noon
to 1:30 p.m.

Results of the WUS slave
auction saw Muir House buy
ing Stillman and a corridor
of Roble and Branner for an
undisclosed purpose. An en
terprising grad student
bought Paloma to wash his
laundry, and the Sigma Nu’s
bought Eucalypto and the
Zetes.

Books and clothing for Ba
sutoland, South Africa, will
continue to be collected
through the beginning of next
quarter by dorm representa
tives.

Tentative programs of
WUS will include two free
films in the next two quar
ters, “Come Back, Africa,’’
and “Question 7.”
The World University Serv
ice Drive continues its fund
raising drive over the week
end, ending up Sunday with a
donut sale on the lawns of
Wilbur and Roble from noon
to 1:30 p.m.

Results of the WUS slave
auction saw Muir House buy
ing Stillman and a corridor
of Roble and Branner for an
undisclosed purpose. An en
terprising grad student
bought Paloma to wash his
laundry, and the Sigma Nu’s
bought Eucalypto and the
Zetes.

Books and clothing for Ba
sutoland, South Africa, will
continue to be collected
through the beginning of next
quarter by dorm representa
tives.

Tentative programs of
WUS will include two free
films in the next two quar
ters, “Come Back, Africa,’’
and “Question 7.”
The World University Serv
ice Drive continues its fund
raising drive over the week
end, ending up Sunday with a
donut sale on the lawns of
Wilbur and Roble from noon
to 1:30 p.m.

Results of the WUS slave
auction saw Muir House buy
ing Stillman and a corridor
of Roble and Branner for an
undisclosed purpose. An en
terprising grad student
bought Paloma to wash his
laundry, and the Sigma Nu’s
bought Eucalypto and the
Zetes.

Books and clothing for Ba
sutoland, South Africa, will
continue to be collected
through the beginning of next
quarter by dorm representa
tives.

Tentative programs of
WUS will include two free
films in the next two quar
ters, “Come Back, Africa,’’
and “Question 7.”
The World University Serv
ice Drive continues its fund
raising drive over the week
end, ending up Sunday with a
donut sale on the lawns of
Wilbur and Roble from noon
to 1:30 p.m.

Results of the WUS slave
auction saw Muir House buy
ing Stillman and a corridor
of Roble and Branner for an
undisclosed purpose. An en
terprising grad student
bought Paloma to wash his
laundry, and the Sigma Nu’s
bought Eucalypto and the
Zetes.

Books and clothing for Ba
sutoland, South Africa, will
continue to be collected
through the beginning of next
quarter by dorm representa
tives.

Tentative programs of
WUS will include two free
films in the next two quar
ters, “Come Back, Africa,’’
and “Question 7.”
The World University Serv
ice Drive continues its fund
raising drive over the week
end, ending up Sunday with a
donut sale on the lawns of
Wilbur and Roble from noon
to 1:30 p.m.

Results of the WUS slave
auction saw Muir House buy
ing Stillman and a corridor
of Roble and Branner for an
undisclosed purpose. An en
terprising grad student
bought Paloma to wash his
laundry, and the Sigma Nu’s
bought Eucalypto and the
Zetes.

Books and clothing for Ba
sutoland, South Africa, will
continue to be collected
through the beginning of next
quarter by dorm representa
tives.

Tentative programs of
WUS will include two free
films in the next two quar
ters, “Come Back, Africa,’’
and “Question 7.”
The World University Serv
ice Drive continues its fund
raising drive over the week
end, ending up Sunday with a
donut sale on the lawns of
Wilbur and Roble from noon
to 1:30 p.m.

Results of the WUS slave
auction saw Muir House buy
ing Stillman and a corridor
of Roble and Branner for an
undisclosed purpose. An en
terprising grad student
bought Paloma to wash his
laundry, and the Sigma Nu’s
bought Eucalypto and the
Zetes.

Books and clothing for Ba
sutoland, South Africa, will
continue to be collected
through the beginning of next
quarter by dorm representa
tives.

Tentative programs of
WUS will include two free
films in the next two quar
ters, “Come Back, Africa,’’
and “Question 7.”
The World University Serv
ice Drive continues its fund
raising drive over the week
end, ending up Sunday with a
donut sale on the lawns of
Wilbur and Roble from noon
to 1:30 p.m.

Results of the WUS slave
auction saw Muir House buy
ing Stillman and a corridor
of Roble and Branner for an
undisclosed purpose. An en
terprising grad student
bought Paloma to wash his
laundry, and the Sigma Nu’s
bought Eucalypto and the
Zetes.

Books and clothing for Ba
sutoland, South Africa, will
continue to be collected
through the beginning of next
quarter by dorm representa
tives.

Tentative programs of
WUS will include two free
films in the next two quar
ters, “Come Back, Africa,’’
and “Question 7.”
The World University Serv
ice Drive continues its fund
raising drive over the week
end, ending up Sunday with a
donut sale on the lawns of
Wilbur and Roble from noon
to 1:30 p.m.

Results of the WUS slave
auction saw Muir House buy
ing Stillman and a corridor
of Roble and Branner for an
undisclosed purpose. An en
terprising grad student
bought Paloma to wash his
laundry, and the Sigma Nu’s
bought Eucalypto and the
Zetes.

Books and clothing for Ba
sutoland, South Africa, will
continue to be collected
through the beginning of next
quarter by dorm representa
tives.

Tentative programs of
WUS will include two free
films in the next two quar
ters, “Come Back, Africa,’’
and “Question 7.”
