# Applications for Study In Russia Available Now
## 
### 
Applications for study and re
search in the Soviet Union for all
or part of the academic year 1962-
1963 are now available. Those
qualified include advanced grad
uate students, faculty members,
post-doctoral researchers, first
year grad students of Slavic
studies, and teachers of Russian
in secondary school.

For further information and ap
plications contact Professor Da
vid V. Heebink, extension 2335
Applications must be in by Dec
15.
Applications for study and re
search in the Soviet Union for all
or part of the academic year 1962-
1963 are now available. Those
qualified include advanced grad
uate students, faculty members,
post-doctoral researchers, first
year grad students of Slavic
studies, and teachers of Russian
in secondary school.

For further information and ap
plications contact Professor Da
vid V. Heebink, extension 2335
Applications must be in by Dec
15.
Applications for study and re
search in the Soviet Union for all
or part of the academic year 1962-
1963 are now available. Those
qualified include advanced grad
uate students, faculty members,
post-doctoral researchers, first
year grad students of Slavic
studies, and teachers of Russian
in secondary school.

For further information and ap
plications contact Professor Da
vid V. Heebink, extension 2335
Applications must be in by Dec
15.
Applications for study and re
search in the Soviet Union for all
or part of the academic year 1962-
1963 are now available. Those
qualified include advanced grad
uate students, faculty members,
post-doctoral researchers, first
year grad students of Slavic
studies, and teachers of Russian
in secondary school.

For further information and ap
plications contact Professor Da
vid V. Heebink, extension 2335
Applications must be in by Dec
15.
Applications for study and re
search in the Soviet Union for all
or part of the academic year 1962-
1963 are now available. Those
qualified include advanced grad
uate students, faculty members,
post-doctoral researchers, first
year grad students of Slavic
studies, and teachers of Russian
in secondary school.

For further information and ap
plications contact Professor Da
vid V. Heebink, extension 2335
Applications must be in by Dec
15.
Applications for study and re
search in the Soviet Union for all
or part of the academic year 1962-
1963 are now available. Those
qualified include advanced grad
uate students, faculty members,
post-doctoral researchers, first
year grad students of Slavic
studies, and teachers of Russian
in secondary school.

For further information and ap
plications contact Professor Da
vid V. Heebink, extension 2335
Applications must be in by Dec
15.
Applications for study and re
search in the Soviet Union for all
or part of the academic year 1962-
1963 are now available. Those
qualified include advanced grad
uate students, faculty members,
post-doctoral researchers, first
year grad students of Slavic
studies, and teachers of Russian
in secondary school.

For further information and ap
plications contact Professor Da
vid V. Heebink, extension 2335
Applications must be in by Dec
15.
Applications for study and re
search in the Soviet Union for all
or part of the academic year 1962-
1963 are now available. Those
qualified include advanced grad
uate students, faculty members,
post-doctoral researchers, first
year grad students of Slavic
studies, and teachers of Russian
in secondary school.

For further information and ap
plications contact Professor Da
vid V. Heebink, extension 2335
Applications must be in by Dec
15.
Applications for study and re
search in the Soviet Union for all
or part of the academic year 1962-
1963 are now available. Those
qualified include advanced grad
uate students, faculty members,
post-doctoral researchers, first
year grad students of Slavic
studies, and teachers of Russian
in secondary school.

For further information and ap
plications contact Professor Da
vid V. Heebink, extension 2335
Applications must be in by Dec
15.
Applications for study and re
search in the Soviet Union for all
or part of the academic year 1962-
1963 are now available. Those
qualified include advanced grad
uate students, faculty members,
post-doctoral researchers, first
year grad students of Slavic
studies, and teachers of Russian
in secondary school.

For further information and ap
plications contact Professor Da
vid V. Heebink, extension 2335
Applications must be in by Dec
15.
Applications for study and re
search in the Soviet Union for all
or part of the academic year 1962-
1963 are now available. Those
qualified include advanced grad
uate students, faculty members,
post-doctoral researchers, first
year grad students of Slavic
studies, and teachers of Russian
in secondary school.

For further information and ap
plications contact Professor Da
vid V. Heebink, extension 2335
Applications must be in by Dec
15.
Applications for study and re
search in the Soviet Union for all
or part of the academic year 1962-
1963 are now available. Those
qualified include advanced grad
uate students, faculty members,
post-doctoral researchers, first
year grad students of Slavic
studies, and teachers of Russian
in secondary school.

For further information and ap
plications contact Professor Da
vid V. Heebink, extension 2335
Applications must be in by Dec
15.
Applications for study and re
search in the Soviet Union for all
or part of the academic year 1962-
1963 are now available. Those
qualified include advanced grad
uate students, faculty members,
post-doctoral researchers, first
year grad students of Slavic
studies, and teachers of Russian
in secondary school.

For further information and ap
plications contact Professor Da
vid V. Heebink, extension 2335
Applications must be in by Dec
15.
Applications for study and re
search in the Soviet Union for all
or part of the academic year 1962-
1963 are now available. Those
qualified include advanced grad
uate students, faculty members,
post-doctoral researchers, first
year grad students of Slavic
studies, and teachers of Russian
in secondary school.

For further information and ap
plications contact Professor Da
vid V. Heebink, extension 2335
Applications must be in by Dec
15.
Applications for study and re
search in the Soviet Union for all
or part of the academic year 1962-
1963 are now available. Those
qualified include advanced grad
uate students, faculty members,
post-doctoral researchers, first
year grad students of Slavic
studies, and teachers of Russian
in secondary school.

For further information and ap
plications contact Professor Da
vid V. Heebink, extension 2335
Applications must be in by Dec
15.
Applications for study and re
search in the Soviet Union for all
or part of the academic year 1962-
1963 are now available. Those
qualified include advanced grad
uate students, faculty members,
post-doctoral researchers, first
year grad students of Slavic
studies, and teachers of Russian
in secondary school.

For further information and ap
plications contact Professor Da
vid V. Heebink, extension 2335
Applications must be in by Dec
15.
