# Indians Host Track Meet
## 
### 
The freshman and varsity track
teams will wind up fall workouts
tomorrow with an invitational
track and field meet to be held at
Angel Field starting at 1:30.
Invitations have been sent to
outstanding performers such as
Stanfordâ€™s Ernie Cunliffe, Jack
Yerman, outstanding 440 man and
formerly at Cal, and shotputter
Jay Sylvester.
Also invited are half miler Jer
ry Siebert, sprinter Willie White
and Olympic javelin thrower John
Fromm among others.
A special feature of the meet
will be a two-mile team race be
tween the outstanding members
of the Stanford and San Jose
Stale cross country teams. Stan
ford lost to San Jose in regular
season meets and will be trying
for revenge.
