# Trees, Paper Need Caution
## 
### 
Christmas trees and other dec
orations used in living groups or
at any public gathering must he
fireproofed, Fire Chief John Man
sion advises the Stanford com
munity.
In a letter sent to fraternities,
Mansion noted “California state
law requires that all Christmas
trees placed in fraternities and
like occupancies be treated and
maintained in a flame retardant
condition by a process approved
by the State Fire Marshal.”
The University Building and
Grounds Department will treat
Christmas trees to meet with this
requirement at cost, Marston
said. The University will furnish
its dormitories with Christmas
trees which have already been
treated, he said.
Christmas trees and other dec
orations used in living groups or
at any public gathering must he
fireproofed, Fire Chief John Man
sion advises the Stanford com
munity.
In a letter sent to fraternities,
Mansion noted “California state
law requires that all Christmas
trees placed in fraternities and
like occupancies be treated and
maintained in a flame retardant
condition by a process approved
by the State Fire Marshal.”
The University Building and
Grounds Department will treat
Christmas trees to meet with this
requirement at cost, Marston
said. The University will furnish
its dormitories with Christmas
trees which have already been
treated, he said.
Christmas trees and other dec
orations used in living groups or
at any public gathering must he
fireproofed, Fire Chief John Man
sion advises the Stanford com
munity.
In a letter sent to fraternities,
Mansion noted “California state
law requires that all Christmas
trees placed in fraternities and
like occupancies be treated and
maintained in a flame retardant
condition by a process approved
by the State Fire Marshal.”
The University Building and
Grounds Department will treat
Christmas trees to meet with this
requirement at cost, Marston
said. The University will furnish
its dormitories with Christmas
trees which have already been
treated, he said.
Christmas trees and other dec
orations used in living groups or
at any public gathering must he
fireproofed, Fire Chief John Man
sion advises the Stanford com
munity.
In a letter sent to fraternities,
Mansion noted “California state
law requires that all Christmas
trees placed in fraternities and
like occupancies be treated and
maintained in a flame retardant
condition by a process approved
by the State Fire Marshal.”
The University Building and
Grounds Department will treat
Christmas trees to meet with this
requirement at cost, Marston
said. The University will furnish
its dormitories with Christmas
trees which have already been
treated, he said.
Christmas trees and other dec
orations used in living groups or
at any public gathering must he
fireproofed, Fire Chief John Man
sion advises the Stanford com
munity.
In a letter sent to fraternities,
Mansion noted “California state
law requires that all Christmas
trees placed in fraternities and
like occupancies be treated and
maintained in a flame retardant
condition by a process approved
by the State Fire Marshal.”
The University Building and
Grounds Department will treat
Christmas trees to meet with this
requirement at cost, Marston
said. The University will furnish
its dormitories with Christmas
trees which have already been
treated, he said.
Christmas trees and other dec
orations used in living groups or
at any public gathering must he
fireproofed, Fire Chief John Man
sion advises the Stanford com
munity.
In a letter sent to fraternities,
Mansion noted “California state
law requires that all Christmas
trees placed in fraternities and
like occupancies be treated and
maintained in a flame retardant
condition by a process approved
by the State Fire Marshal.”
The University Building and
Grounds Department will treat
Christmas trees to meet with this
requirement at cost, Marston
said. The University will furnish
its dormitories with Christmas
trees which have already been
treated, he said.
Christmas trees and other dec
orations used in living groups or
at any public gathering must he
fireproofed, Fire Chief John Man
sion advises the Stanford com
munity.
In a letter sent to fraternities,
Mansion noted “California state
law requires that all Christmas
trees placed in fraternities and
like occupancies be treated and
maintained in a flame retardant
condition by a process approved
by the State Fire Marshal.”
The University Building and
Grounds Department will treat
Christmas trees to meet with this
requirement at cost, Marston
said. The University will furnish
its dormitories with Christmas
trees which have already been
treated, he said.
Christmas trees and other dec
orations used in living groups or
at any public gathering must he
fireproofed, Fire Chief John Man
sion advises the Stanford com
munity.
In a letter sent to fraternities,
Mansion noted “California state
law requires that all Christmas
trees placed in fraternities and
like occupancies be treated and
maintained in a flame retardant
condition by a process approved
by the State Fire Marshal.”
The University Building and
Grounds Department will treat
Christmas trees to meet with this
requirement at cost, Marston
said. The University will furnish
its dormitories with Christmas
trees which have already been
treated, he said.
Christmas trees and other dec
orations used in living groups or
at any public gathering must he
fireproofed, Fire Chief John Man
sion advises the Stanford com
munity.
In a letter sent to fraternities,
Mansion noted “California state
law requires that all Christmas
trees placed in fraternities and
like occupancies be treated and
maintained in a flame retardant
condition by a process approved
by the State Fire Marshal.”
The University Building and
Grounds Department will treat
Christmas trees to meet with this
requirement at cost, Marston
said. The University will furnish
its dormitories with Christmas
trees which have already been
treated, he said.
Christmas trees and other dec
orations used in living groups or
at any public gathering must he
fireproofed, Fire Chief John Man
sion advises the Stanford com
munity.
In a letter sent to fraternities,
Mansion noted “California state
law requires that all Christmas
trees placed in fraternities and
like occupancies be treated and
maintained in a flame retardant
condition by a process approved
by the State Fire Marshal.”
The University Building and
Grounds Department will treat
Christmas trees to meet with this
requirement at cost, Marston
said. The University will furnish
its dormitories with Christmas
trees which have already been
treated, he said.
Christmas trees and other dec
orations used in living groups or
at any public gathering must he
fireproofed, Fire Chief John Man
sion advises the Stanford com
munity.
In a letter sent to fraternities,
Mansion noted “California state
law requires that all Christmas
trees placed in fraternities and
like occupancies be treated and
maintained in a flame retardant
condition by a process approved
by the State Fire Marshal.”
The University Building and
Grounds Department will treat
Christmas trees to meet with this
requirement at cost, Marston
said. The University will furnish
its dormitories with Christmas
trees which have already been
treated, he said.
Christmas trees and other dec
orations used in living groups or
at any public gathering must he
fireproofed, Fire Chief John Man
sion advises the Stanford com
munity.
In a letter sent to fraternities,
Mansion noted “California state
law requires that all Christmas
trees placed in fraternities and
like occupancies be treated and
maintained in a flame retardant
condition by a process approved
by the State Fire Marshal.”
The University Building and
Grounds Department will treat
Christmas trees to meet with this
requirement at cost, Marston
said. The University will furnish
its dormitories with Christmas
trees which have already been
treated, he said.
Christmas trees and other dec
orations used in living groups or
at any public gathering must he
fireproofed, Fire Chief John Man
sion advises the Stanford com
munity.
In a letter sent to fraternities,
Mansion noted “California state
law requires that all Christmas
trees placed in fraternities and
like occupancies be treated and
maintained in a flame retardant
condition by a process approved
by the State Fire Marshal.”
The University Building and
Grounds Department will treat
Christmas trees to meet with this
requirement at cost, Marston
said. The University will furnish
its dormitories with Christmas
trees which have already been
treated, he said.
Christmas trees and other dec
orations used in living groups or
at any public gathering must he
fireproofed, Fire Chief John Man
sion advises the Stanford com
munity.
In a letter sent to fraternities,
Mansion noted “California state
law requires that all Christmas
trees placed in fraternities and
like occupancies be treated and
maintained in a flame retardant
condition by a process approved
by the State Fire Marshal.”
The University Building and
Grounds Department will treat
Christmas trees to meet with this
requirement at cost, Marston
said. The University will furnish
its dormitories with Christmas
trees which have already been
treated, he said.
Christmas trees and other dec
orations used in living groups or
at any public gathering must he
fireproofed, Fire Chief John Man
sion advises the Stanford com
munity.
In a letter sent to fraternities,
Mansion noted “California state
law requires that all Christmas
trees placed in fraternities and
like occupancies be treated and
maintained in a flame retardant
condition by a process approved
by the State Fire Marshal.”
The University Building and
Grounds Department will treat
Christmas trees to meet with this
requirement at cost, Marston
said. The University will furnish
its dormitories with Christmas
trees which have already been
treated, he said.
Christmas trees and other dec
orations used in living groups or
at any public gathering must he
fireproofed, Fire Chief John Man
sion advises the Stanford com
munity.
In a letter sent to fraternities,
Mansion noted “California state
law requires that all Christmas
trees placed in fraternities and
like occupancies be treated and
maintained in a flame retardant
condition by a process approved
by the State Fire Marshal.”
The University Building and
Grounds Department will treat
Christmas trees to meet with this
requirement at cost, Marston
said. The University will furnish
its dormitories with Christmas
trees which have already been
treated, he said.
