# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
CLASSIFIED ADS
■» 4 —§>
FORD SPEEDSTER driven less than
3000 mijes since being rebuilt —can
be had ,for almost nothing. Under
slung, good paint, windshield, and
in excellent condition. Don't miss
this chance for a buy. Phone P. A.
406-W. |
FOR RENT —Nov. Ist, single room and
board. Madrono Hall, Campus. See
Katherine Snodgrass, Room 6.
MISS CARRIS LEWIS. Instruction in
society dancing. Private and class
lessons arranged. Studio 730 Cowper
St., Palo Alto. Phone 710<-M.
TYPEWRITERS-New Portable Ham
mond, writes all languages; chem
ical and mathematical symbols on
same machine. Sold cash or terms.
Open Saturday afternoons. 17 Sec
ond St., San Francisco. Sutter 1521.
LOST —A red fountain pen on Quad
opposite the Library. Finder please
call P. A. 1057. Marjorie Allen.
