# Zoological Department to Determine Trouts' Specie
## 
### 
The University Zoology department
i lias received a number of trout from
Wellington, New Zealand, for the Uni
versity officials to determine whether
the fish are of the rainbow or steel
head specie.
In 1833 New Zealand streams were
stocked with trout from California but
no rocord was kept as to the nature of
the fish put in the streams. The fish
were sent here by the Hawksbay Cli
matisation Society, a sporting organi
i zation.

Cornell students who have excep
tionally high averages will be given
an opportunity to receive extra hours
by informal study.
The University Zoology department
i lias received a number of trout from
Wellington, New Zealand, for the Uni
versity officials to determine whether
the fish are of the rainbow or steel
head specie.
In 1833 New Zealand streams were
stocked with trout from California but
no rocord was kept as to the nature of
the fish put in the streams. The fish
were sent here by the Hawksbay Cli
matisation Society, a sporting organi
i zation.

Cornell students who have excep
tionally high averages will be given
an opportunity to receive extra hours
by informal study.
The University Zoology department
i lias received a number of trout from
Wellington, New Zealand, for the Uni
versity officials to determine whether
the fish are of the rainbow or steel
head specie.
In 1833 New Zealand streams were
stocked with trout from California but
no rocord was kept as to the nature of
the fish put in the streams. The fish
were sent here by the Hawksbay Cli
matisation Society, a sporting organi
i zation.

Cornell students who have excep
tionally high averages will be given
an opportunity to receive extra hours
by informal study.
The University Zoology department
i lias received a number of trout from
Wellington, New Zealand, for the Uni
versity officials to determine whether
the fish are of the rainbow or steel
head specie.
In 1833 New Zealand streams were
stocked with trout from California but
no rocord was kept as to the nature of
the fish put in the streams. The fish
were sent here by the Hawksbay Cli
matisation Society, a sporting organi
i zation.

Cornell students who have excep
tionally high averages will be given
an opportunity to receive extra hours
by informal study.
The University Zoology department
i lias received a number of trout from
Wellington, New Zealand, for the Uni
versity officials to determine whether
the fish are of the rainbow or steel
head specie.
In 1833 New Zealand streams were
stocked with trout from California but
no rocord was kept as to the nature of
the fish put in the streams. The fish
were sent here by the Hawksbay Cli
matisation Society, a sporting organi
i zation.

Cornell students who have excep
tionally high averages will be given
an opportunity to receive extra hours
by informal study.
The University Zoology department
i lias received a number of trout from
Wellington, New Zealand, for the Uni
versity officials to determine whether
the fish are of the rainbow or steel
head specie.
In 1833 New Zealand streams were
stocked with trout from California but
no rocord was kept as to the nature of
the fish put in the streams. The fish
were sent here by the Hawksbay Cli
matisation Society, a sporting organi
i zation.

Cornell students who have excep
tionally high averages will be given
an opportunity to receive extra hours
by informal study.
The University Zoology department
i lias received a number of trout from
Wellington, New Zealand, for the Uni
versity officials to determine whether
the fish are of the rainbow or steel
head specie.
In 1833 New Zealand streams were
stocked with trout from California but
no rocord was kept as to the nature of
the fish put in the streams. The fish
were sent here by the Hawksbay Cli
matisation Society, a sporting organi
i zation.

Cornell students who have excep
tionally high averages will be given
an opportunity to receive extra hours
by informal study.
The University Zoology department
i lias received a number of trout from
Wellington, New Zealand, for the Uni
versity officials to determine whether
the fish are of the rainbow or steel
head specie.
In 1833 New Zealand streams were
stocked with trout from California but
no rocord was kept as to the nature of
the fish put in the streams. The fish
were sent here by the Hawksbay Cli
matisation Society, a sporting organi
i zation.

Cornell students who have excep
tionally high averages will be given
an opportunity to receive extra hours
by informal study.
The University Zoology department
i lias received a number of trout from
Wellington, New Zealand, for the Uni
versity officials to determine whether
the fish are of the rainbow or steel
head specie.
In 1833 New Zealand streams were
stocked with trout from California but
no rocord was kept as to the nature of
the fish put in the streams. The fish
were sent here by the Hawksbay Cli
matisation Society, a sporting organi
i zation.

Cornell students who have excep
tionally high averages will be given
an opportunity to receive extra hours
by informal study.
The University Zoology department
i lias received a number of trout from
Wellington, New Zealand, for the Uni
versity officials to determine whether
the fish are of the rainbow or steel
head specie.
In 1833 New Zealand streams were
stocked with trout from California but
no rocord was kept as to the nature of
the fish put in the streams. The fish
were sent here by the Hawksbay Cli
matisation Society, a sporting organi
i zation.

Cornell students who have excep
tionally high averages will be given
an opportunity to receive extra hours
by informal study.
The University Zoology department
i lias received a number of trout from
Wellington, New Zealand, for the Uni
versity officials to determine whether
the fish are of the rainbow or steel
head specie.
In 1833 New Zealand streams were
stocked with trout from California but
no rocord was kept as to the nature of
the fish put in the streams. The fish
were sent here by the Hawksbay Cli
matisation Society, a sporting organi
i zation.

Cornell students who have excep
tionally high averages will be given
an opportunity to receive extra hours
by informal study.
The University Zoology department
i lias received a number of trout from
Wellington, New Zealand, for the Uni
versity officials to determine whether
the fish are of the rainbow or steel
head specie.
In 1833 New Zealand streams were
stocked with trout from California but
no rocord was kept as to the nature of
the fish put in the streams. The fish
were sent here by the Hawksbay Cli
matisation Society, a sporting organi
i zation.

Cornell students who have excep
tionally high averages will be given
an opportunity to receive extra hours
by informal study.
The University Zoology department
i lias received a number of trout from
Wellington, New Zealand, for the Uni
versity officials to determine whether
the fish are of the rainbow or steel
head specie.
In 1833 New Zealand streams were
stocked with trout from California but
no rocord was kept as to the nature of
the fish put in the streams. The fish
were sent here by the Hawksbay Cli
matisation Society, a sporting organi
i zation.

Cornell students who have excep
tionally high averages will be given
an opportunity to receive extra hours
by informal study.
The University Zoology department
i lias received a number of trout from
Wellington, New Zealand, for the Uni
versity officials to determine whether
the fish are of the rainbow or steel
head specie.
In 1833 New Zealand streams were
stocked with trout from California but
no rocord was kept as to the nature of
the fish put in the streams. The fish
were sent here by the Hawksbay Cli
matisation Society, a sporting organi
i zation.

Cornell students who have excep
tionally high averages will be given
an opportunity to receive extra hours
by informal study.
The University Zoology department
i lias received a number of trout from
Wellington, New Zealand, for the Uni
versity officials to determine whether
the fish are of the rainbow or steel
head specie.
In 1833 New Zealand streams were
stocked with trout from California but
no rocord was kept as to the nature of
the fish put in the streams. The fish
were sent here by the Hawksbay Cli
matisation Society, a sporting organi
i zation.

Cornell students who have excep
tionally high averages will be given
an opportunity to receive extra hours
by informal study.
The University Zoology department
i lias received a number of trout from
Wellington, New Zealand, for the Uni
versity officials to determine whether
the fish are of the rainbow or steel
head specie.
In 1833 New Zealand streams were
stocked with trout from California but
no rocord was kept as to the nature of
the fish put in the streams. The fish
were sent here by the Hawksbay Cli
matisation Society, a sporting organi
i zation.

Cornell students who have excep
tionally high averages will be given
an opportunity to receive extra hours
by informal study.
