# Correction
## 
### 
In "Despite 500 added bike racks,
parking still scarce" (Feb. 4), The
Daily attributed a graphic to Ari
adne Delon Scott. In fact, the
graphic should have been attrib
uted to Branner Earth Sciences
Library. The Daily regrets this
error.
In "Despite 500 added bike racks,
parking still scarce" (Feb. 4), The
Daily attributed a graphic to Ari
adne Delon Scott. In fact, the
graphic should have been attrib
uted to Branner Earth Sciences
Library. The Daily regrets this
error.
In "Despite 500 added bike racks,
parking still scarce" (Feb. 4), The
Daily attributed a graphic to Ari
adne Delon Scott. In fact, the
graphic should have been attrib
uted to Branner Earth Sciences
Library. The Daily regrets this
error.
In "Despite 500 added bike racks,
parking still scarce" (Feb. 4), The
Daily attributed a graphic to Ari
adne Delon Scott. In fact, the
graphic should have been attrib
uted to Branner Earth Sciences
Library. The Daily regrets this
error.
In "Despite 500 added bike racks,
parking still scarce" (Feb. 4), The
Daily attributed a graphic to Ari
adne Delon Scott. In fact, the
graphic should have been attrib
uted to Branner Earth Sciences
Library. The Daily regrets this
error.
In "Despite 500 added bike racks,
parking still scarce" (Feb. 4), The
Daily attributed a graphic to Ari
adne Delon Scott. In fact, the
graphic should have been attrib
uted to Branner Earth Sciences
Library. The Daily regrets this
error.
In "Despite 500 added bike racks,
parking still scarce" (Feb. 4), The
Daily attributed a graphic to Ari
adne Delon Scott. In fact, the
graphic should have been attrib
uted to Branner Earth Sciences
Library. The Daily regrets this
error.
