# Race Expert Talks Tuesday
## 
### 
"Science and the Doctrine of In
ferior Races," by Dr. Fay-Cooper
Cole, is the second offering of spring
quarter's Tuesday Evening Series to
be presented tomorrow night at 7:30
in Memorial Hall.
Chairman of the Department of
Anthropology at the University of
Chicago since 1929. Dr. Cole is an
outstanding lecturer and author, and
an authority on Philippine history
and ethnology, race and race prob
lems. He has participated in various
archaeological expeditions in the
American Southwest, has conducted
expeditions among pagan tribes of
the Philippines, and was the leader
of the Field Museum Expedition to
the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java,
and Borneo.
He is a Fellow of the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science, the American Geological
Society, and the Society of American
Archeology; as well as being a mem
ber of the American Anthropological
Association, Social Science Research
Council, National Research Council,
American Philosophical Society, and
others.
He is the author of several books,
among them "Chinese Potter in the
Philippines" and"The Wild Tribes
of Davao District. Mindanao." These
lectures are given with admission
free and are open to the public.
"Science and the Doctrine of In
ferior Races," by Dr. Fay-Cooper
Cole, is the second offering of spring
quarter's Tuesday Evening Series to
be presented tomorrow night at 7:30
in Memorial Hall.
Chairman of the Department of
Anthropology at the University of
Chicago since 1929. Dr. Cole is an
outstanding lecturer and author, and
an authority on Philippine history
and ethnology, race and race prob
lems. He has participated in various
archaeological expeditions in the
American Southwest, has conducted
expeditions among pagan tribes of
the Philippines, and was the leader
of the Field Museum Expedition to
the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java,
and Borneo.
He is a Fellow of the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science, the American Geological
Society, and the Society of American
Archeology; as well as being a mem
ber of the American Anthropological
Association, Social Science Research
Council, National Research Council,
American Philosophical Society, and
others.
He is the author of several books,
among them "Chinese Potter in the
Philippines" and"The Wild Tribes
of Davao District. Mindanao." These
lectures are given with admission
free and are open to the public.
"Science and the Doctrine of In
ferior Races," by Dr. Fay-Cooper
Cole, is the second offering of spring
quarter's Tuesday Evening Series to
be presented tomorrow night at 7:30
in Memorial Hall.
Chairman of the Department of
Anthropology at the University of
Chicago since 1929. Dr. Cole is an
outstanding lecturer and author, and
an authority on Philippine history
and ethnology, race and race prob
lems. He has participated in various
archaeological expeditions in the
American Southwest, has conducted
expeditions among pagan tribes of
the Philippines, and was the leader
of the Field Museum Expedition to
the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java,
and Borneo.
He is a Fellow of the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science, the American Geological
Society, and the Society of American
Archeology; as well as being a mem
ber of the American Anthropological
Association, Social Science Research
Council, National Research Council,
American Philosophical Society, and
others.
He is the author of several books,
among them "Chinese Potter in the
Philippines" and"The Wild Tribes
of Davao District. Mindanao." These
lectures are given with admission
free and are open to the public.
"Science and the Doctrine of In
ferior Races," by Dr. Fay-Cooper
Cole, is the second offering of spring
quarter's Tuesday Evening Series to
be presented tomorrow night at 7:30
in Memorial Hall.
Chairman of the Department of
Anthropology at the University of
Chicago since 1929. Dr. Cole is an
outstanding lecturer and author, and
an authority on Philippine history
and ethnology, race and race prob
lems. He has participated in various
archaeological expeditions in the
American Southwest, has conducted
expeditions among pagan tribes of
the Philippines, and was the leader
of the Field Museum Expedition to
the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java,
and Borneo.
He is a Fellow of the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science, the American Geological
Society, and the Society of American
Archeology; as well as being a mem
ber of the American Anthropological
Association, Social Science Research
Council, National Research Council,
American Philosophical Society, and
others.
He is the author of several books,
among them "Chinese Potter in the
Philippines" and"The Wild Tribes
of Davao District. Mindanao." These
lectures are given with admission
free and are open to the public.
"Science and the Doctrine of In
ferior Races," by Dr. Fay-Cooper
Cole, is the second offering of spring
quarter's Tuesday Evening Series to
be presented tomorrow night at 7:30
in Memorial Hall.
Chairman of the Department of
Anthropology at the University of
Chicago since 1929. Dr. Cole is an
outstanding lecturer and author, and
an authority on Philippine history
and ethnology, race and race prob
lems. He has participated in various
archaeological expeditions in the
American Southwest, has conducted
expeditions among pagan tribes of
the Philippines, and was the leader
of the Field Museum Expedition to
the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java,
and Borneo.
He is a Fellow of the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science, the American Geological
Society, and the Society of American
Archeology; as well as being a mem
ber of the American Anthropological
Association, Social Science Research
Council, National Research Council,
American Philosophical Society, and
others.
He is the author of several books,
among them "Chinese Potter in the
Philippines" and"The Wild Tribes
of Davao District. Mindanao." These
lectures are given with admission
free and are open to the public.
"Science and the Doctrine of In
ferior Races," by Dr. Fay-Cooper
Cole, is the second offering of spring
quarter's Tuesday Evening Series to
be presented tomorrow night at 7:30
in Memorial Hall.
Chairman of the Department of
Anthropology at the University of
Chicago since 1929. Dr. Cole is an
outstanding lecturer and author, and
an authority on Philippine history
and ethnology, race and race prob
lems. He has participated in various
archaeological expeditions in the
American Southwest, has conducted
expeditions among pagan tribes of
the Philippines, and was the leader
of the Field Museum Expedition to
the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java,
and Borneo.
He is a Fellow of the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science, the American Geological
Society, and the Society of American
Archeology; as well as being a mem
ber of the American Anthropological
Association, Social Science Research
Council, National Research Council,
American Philosophical Society, and
others.
He is the author of several books,
among them "Chinese Potter in the
Philippines" and"The Wild Tribes
of Davao District. Mindanao." These
lectures are given with admission
free and are open to the public.
"Science and the Doctrine of In
ferior Races," by Dr. Fay-Cooper
Cole, is the second offering of spring
quarter's Tuesday Evening Series to
be presented tomorrow night at 7:30
in Memorial Hall.
Chairman of the Department of
Anthropology at the University of
Chicago since 1929. Dr. Cole is an
outstanding lecturer and author, and
an authority on Philippine history
and ethnology, race and race prob
lems. He has participated in various
archaeological expeditions in the
American Southwest, has conducted
expeditions among pagan tribes of
the Philippines, and was the leader
of the Field Museum Expedition to
the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java,
and Borneo.
He is a Fellow of the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science, the American Geological
Society, and the Society of American
Archeology; as well as being a mem
ber of the American Anthropological
Association, Social Science Research
Council, National Research Council,
American Philosophical Society, and
others.
He is the author of several books,
among them "Chinese Potter in the
Philippines" and"The Wild Tribes
of Davao District. Mindanao." These
lectures are given with admission
free and are open to the public.
"Science and the Doctrine of In
ferior Races," by Dr. Fay-Cooper
Cole, is the second offering of spring
quarter's Tuesday Evening Series to
be presented tomorrow night at 7:30
in Memorial Hall.
Chairman of the Department of
Anthropology at the University of
Chicago since 1929. Dr. Cole is an
outstanding lecturer and author, and
an authority on Philippine history
and ethnology, race and race prob
lems. He has participated in various
archaeological expeditions in the
American Southwest, has conducted
expeditions among pagan tribes of
the Philippines, and was the leader
of the Field Museum Expedition to
the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java,
and Borneo.
He is a Fellow of the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science, the American Geological
Society, and the Society of American
Archeology; as well as being a mem
ber of the American Anthropological
Association, Social Science Research
Council, National Research Council,
American Philosophical Society, and
others.
He is the author of several books,
among them "Chinese Potter in the
Philippines" and"The Wild Tribes
of Davao District. Mindanao." These
lectures are given with admission
free and are open to the public.
"Science and the Doctrine of In
ferior Races," by Dr. Fay-Cooper
Cole, is the second offering of spring
quarter's Tuesday Evening Series to
be presented tomorrow night at 7:30
in Memorial Hall.
Chairman of the Department of
Anthropology at the University of
Chicago since 1929. Dr. Cole is an
outstanding lecturer and author, and
an authority on Philippine history
and ethnology, race and race prob
lems. He has participated in various
archaeological expeditions in the
American Southwest, has conducted
expeditions among pagan tribes of
the Philippines, and was the leader
of the Field Museum Expedition to
the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java,
and Borneo.
He is a Fellow of the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science, the American Geological
Society, and the Society of American
Archeology; as well as being a mem
ber of the American Anthropological
Association, Social Science Research
Council, National Research Council,
American Philosophical Society, and
others.
He is the author of several books,
among them "Chinese Potter in the
Philippines" and"The Wild Tribes
of Davao District. Mindanao." These
lectures are given with admission
free and are open to the public.
"Science and the Doctrine of In
ferior Races," by Dr. Fay-Cooper
Cole, is the second offering of spring
quarter's Tuesday Evening Series to
be presented tomorrow night at 7:30
in Memorial Hall.
Chairman of the Department of
Anthropology at the University of
Chicago since 1929. Dr. Cole is an
outstanding lecturer and author, and
an authority on Philippine history
and ethnology, race and race prob
lems. He has participated in various
archaeological expeditions in the
American Southwest, has conducted
expeditions among pagan tribes of
the Philippines, and was the leader
of the Field Museum Expedition to
the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java,
and Borneo.
He is a Fellow of the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science, the American Geological
Society, and the Society of American
Archeology; as well as being a mem
ber of the American Anthropological
Association, Social Science Research
Council, National Research Council,
American Philosophical Society, and
others.
He is the author of several books,
among them "Chinese Potter in the
Philippines" and"The Wild Tribes
of Davao District. Mindanao." These
lectures are given with admission
free and are open to the public.
"Science and the Doctrine of In
ferior Races," by Dr. Fay-Cooper
Cole, is the second offering of spring
quarter's Tuesday Evening Series to
be presented tomorrow night at 7:30
in Memorial Hall.
Chairman of the Department of
Anthropology at the University of
Chicago since 1929. Dr. Cole is an
outstanding lecturer and author, and
an authority on Philippine history
and ethnology, race and race prob
lems. He has participated in various
archaeological expeditions in the
American Southwest, has conducted
expeditions among pagan tribes of
the Philippines, and was the leader
of the Field Museum Expedition to
the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java,
and Borneo.
He is a Fellow of the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science, the American Geological
Society, and the Society of American
Archeology; as well as being a mem
ber of the American Anthropological
Association, Social Science Research
Council, National Research Council,
American Philosophical Society, and
others.
He is the author of several books,
among them "Chinese Potter in the
Philippines" and"The Wild Tribes
of Davao District. Mindanao." These
lectures are given with admission
free and are open to the public.
"Science and the Doctrine of In
ferior Races," by Dr. Fay-Cooper
Cole, is the second offering of spring
quarter's Tuesday Evening Series to
be presented tomorrow night at 7:30
in Memorial Hall.
Chairman of the Department of
Anthropology at the University of
Chicago since 1929. Dr. Cole is an
outstanding lecturer and author, and
an authority on Philippine history
and ethnology, race and race prob
lems. He has participated in various
archaeological expeditions in the
American Southwest, has conducted
expeditions among pagan tribes of
the Philippines, and was the leader
of the Field Museum Expedition to
the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java,
and Borneo.
He is a Fellow of the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science, the American Geological
Society, and the Society of American
Archeology; as well as being a mem
ber of the American Anthropological
Association, Social Science Research
Council, National Research Council,
American Philosophical Society, and
others.
He is the author of several books,
among them "Chinese Potter in the
Philippines" and"The Wild Tribes
of Davao District. Mindanao." These
lectures are given with admission
free and are open to the public.
"Science and the Doctrine of In
ferior Races," by Dr. Fay-Cooper
Cole, is the second offering of spring
quarter's Tuesday Evening Series to
be presented tomorrow night at 7:30
in Memorial Hall.
Chairman of the Department of
Anthropology at the University of
Chicago since 1929. Dr. Cole is an
outstanding lecturer and author, and
an authority on Philippine history
and ethnology, race and race prob
lems. He has participated in various
archaeological expeditions in the
American Southwest, has conducted
expeditions among pagan tribes of
the Philippines, and was the leader
of the Field Museum Expedition to
the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java,
and Borneo.
He is a Fellow of the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science, the American Geological
Society, and the Society of American
Archeology; as well as being a mem
ber of the American Anthropological
Association, Social Science Research
Council, National Research Council,
American Philosophical Society, and
others.
He is the author of several books,
among them "Chinese Potter in the
Philippines" and"The Wild Tribes
of Davao District. Mindanao." These
lectures are given with admission
free and are open to the public.
"Science and the Doctrine of In
ferior Races," by Dr. Fay-Cooper
Cole, is the second offering of spring
quarter's Tuesday Evening Series to
be presented tomorrow night at 7:30
in Memorial Hall.
Chairman of the Department of
Anthropology at the University of
Chicago since 1929. Dr. Cole is an
outstanding lecturer and author, and
an authority on Philippine history
and ethnology, race and race prob
lems. He has participated in various
archaeological expeditions in the
American Southwest, has conducted
expeditions among pagan tribes of
the Philippines, and was the leader
of the Field Museum Expedition to
the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java,
and Borneo.
He is a Fellow of the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science, the American Geological
Society, and the Society of American
Archeology; as well as being a mem
ber of the American Anthropological
Association, Social Science Research
Council, National Research Council,
American Philosophical Society, and
others.
He is the author of several books,
among them "Chinese Potter in the
Philippines" and"The Wild Tribes
of Davao District. Mindanao." These
lectures are given with admission
free and are open to the public.
"Science and the Doctrine of In
ferior Races," by Dr. Fay-Cooper
Cole, is the second offering of spring
quarter's Tuesday Evening Series to
be presented tomorrow night at 7:30
in Memorial Hall.
Chairman of the Department of
Anthropology at the University of
Chicago since 1929. Dr. Cole is an
outstanding lecturer and author, and
an authority on Philippine history
and ethnology, race and race prob
lems. He has participated in various
archaeological expeditions in the
American Southwest, has conducted
expeditions among pagan tribes of
the Philippines, and was the leader
of the Field Museum Expedition to
the Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java,
and Borneo.
He is a Fellow of the American
Association for the Advancement of
Science, the American Geological
Society, and the Society of American
Archeology; as well as being a mem
ber of the American Anthropological
Association, Social Science Research
Council, National Research Council,
American Philosophical Society, and
others.
He is the author of several books,
among them "Chinese Potter in the
Philippines" and"The Wild Tribes
of Davao District. Mindanao." These
lectures are given with admission
free and are open to the public.
