# Some Tickets Still Sell For Wilde Presentation
## 
### 
A number of tickets remain for !
Wednesday and Thursday nights'
performances, May 2 and 3, for "The
Importance of Being Earnest," by
Oscar Wilde, which will be presented
in penthouse style on the main stage
of Memorial Auditorium May 2

through 5.
Tickets are 90 cents and may be
purchased in Room 202 of Memorial
Hall. The play is under the direction
of Norman Philbrick.
The audience will sit right on the
stage and will enter either through
the Green Room or the side en
trances. The stage where the play
will be presented will be in the mid
dle of the circle of chairs arranged
for the audience.
No seats will be reserved, although
any of the seats will provide a good
view of each of the characters at one
time or another. The characters will
enter and leave through the audi
ence. Their entrances will be noticed
during a scene, but between scenes
they will enter in the dark. They
will talk directly to the audience.
Mary Higgins, prompter, will be
costumed and, with the help of the
two butlers in the play, will carry
the properties on and off stage. There
will be several novelty stunts in the
play and some novelty stunts done
with properties, adcording to Mr.
PJhilbrick.
This is the first time the penthouse
style of play has been done here
since the summer of 1943 when it
was very successful.
A number of tickets remain for !
Wednesday and Thursday nights'
performances, May 2 and 3, for "The
Importance of Being Earnest," by
Oscar Wilde, which will be presented
in penthouse style on the main stage
of Memorial Auditorium May 2

through 5.
Tickets are 90 cents and may be
purchased in Room 202 of Memorial
Hall. The play is under the direction
of Norman Philbrick.
The audience will sit right on the
stage and will enter either through
the Green Room or the side en
trances. The stage where the play
will be presented will be in the mid
dle of the circle of chairs arranged
for the audience.
No seats will be reserved, although
any of the seats will provide a good
view of each of the characters at one
time or another. The characters will
enter and leave through the audi
ence. Their entrances will be noticed
during a scene, but between scenes
they will enter in the dark. They
will talk directly to the audience.
Mary Higgins, prompter, will be
costumed and, with the help of the
two butlers in the play, will carry
the properties on and off stage. There
will be several novelty stunts in the
play and some novelty stunts done
with properties, adcording to Mr.
PJhilbrick.
This is the first time the penthouse
style of play has been done here
since the summer of 1943 when it
was very successful.
A number of tickets remain for !
Wednesday and Thursday nights'
performances, May 2 and 3, for "The
Importance of Being Earnest," by
Oscar Wilde, which will be presented
in penthouse style on the main stage
of Memorial Auditorium May 2

through 5.
Tickets are 90 cents and may be
purchased in Room 202 of Memorial
Hall. The play is under the direction
of Norman Philbrick.
The audience will sit right on the
stage and will enter either through
the Green Room or the side en
trances. The stage where the play
will be presented will be in the mid
dle of the circle of chairs arranged
for the audience.
No seats will be reserved, although
any of the seats will provide a good
view of each of the characters at one
time or another. The characters will
enter and leave through the audi
ence. Their entrances will be noticed
during a scene, but between scenes
they will enter in the dark. They
will talk directly to the audience.
Mary Higgins, prompter, will be
costumed and, with the help of the
two butlers in the play, will carry
the properties on and off stage. There
will be several novelty stunts in the
play and some novelty stunts done
with properties, adcording to Mr.
PJhilbrick.
This is the first time the penthouse
style of play has been done here
since the summer of 1943 when it
was very successful.
A number of tickets remain for !
Wednesday and Thursday nights'
performances, May 2 and 3, for "The
Importance of Being Earnest," by
Oscar Wilde, which will be presented
in penthouse style on the main stage
of Memorial Auditorium May 2

through 5.
Tickets are 90 cents and may be
purchased in Room 202 of Memorial
Hall. The play is under the direction
of Norman Philbrick.
The audience will sit right on the
stage and will enter either through
the Green Room or the side en
trances. The stage where the play
will be presented will be in the mid
dle of the circle of chairs arranged
for the audience.
No seats will be reserved, although
any of the seats will provide a good
view of each of the characters at one
time or another. The characters will
enter and leave through the audi
ence. Their entrances will be noticed
during a scene, but between scenes
they will enter in the dark. They
will talk directly to the audience.
Mary Higgins, prompter, will be
costumed and, with the help of the
two butlers in the play, will carry
the properties on and off stage. There
will be several novelty stunts in the
play and some novelty stunts done
with properties, adcording to Mr.
PJhilbrick.
This is the first time the penthouse
style of play has been done here
since the summer of 1943 when it
was very successful.
A number of tickets remain for !
Wednesday and Thursday nights'
performances, May 2 and 3, for "The
Importance of Being Earnest," by
Oscar Wilde, which will be presented
in penthouse style on the main stage
of Memorial Auditorium May 2

through 5.
Tickets are 90 cents and may be
purchased in Room 202 of Memorial
Hall. The play is under the direction
of Norman Philbrick.
The audience will sit right on the
stage and will enter either through
the Green Room or the side en
trances. The stage where the play
will be presented will be in the mid
dle of the circle of chairs arranged
for the audience.
No seats will be reserved, although
any of the seats will provide a good
view of each of the characters at one
time or another. The characters will
enter and leave through the audi
ence. Their entrances will be noticed
during a scene, but between scenes
they will enter in the dark. They
will talk directly to the audience.
Mary Higgins, prompter, will be
costumed and, with the help of the
two butlers in the play, will carry
the properties on and off stage. There
will be several novelty stunts in the
play and some novelty stunts done
with properties, adcording to Mr.
PJhilbrick.
This is the first time the penthouse
style of play has been done here
since the summer of 1943 when it
was very successful.
A number of tickets remain for !
Wednesday and Thursday nights'
performances, May 2 and 3, for "The
Importance of Being Earnest," by
Oscar Wilde, which will be presented
in penthouse style on the main stage
of Memorial Auditorium May 2

through 5.
Tickets are 90 cents and may be
purchased in Room 202 of Memorial
Hall. The play is under the direction
of Norman Philbrick.
The audience will sit right on the
stage and will enter either through
the Green Room or the side en
trances. The stage where the play
will be presented will be in the mid
dle of the circle of chairs arranged
for the audience.
No seats will be reserved, although
any of the seats will provide a good
view of each of the characters at one
time or another. The characters will
enter and leave through the audi
ence. Their entrances will be noticed
during a scene, but between scenes
they will enter in the dark. They
will talk directly to the audience.
Mary Higgins, prompter, will be
costumed and, with the help of the
two butlers in the play, will carry
the properties on and off stage. There
will be several novelty stunts in the
play and some novelty stunts done
with properties, adcording to Mr.
PJhilbrick.
This is the first time the penthouse
style of play has been done here
since the summer of 1943 when it
was very successful.
A number of tickets remain for !
Wednesday and Thursday nights'
performances, May 2 and 3, for "The
Importance of Being Earnest," by
Oscar Wilde, which will be presented
in penthouse style on the main stage
of Memorial Auditorium May 2

through 5.
Tickets are 90 cents and may be
purchased in Room 202 of Memorial
Hall. The play is under the direction
of Norman Philbrick.
The audience will sit right on the
stage and will enter either through
the Green Room or the side en
trances. The stage where the play
will be presented will be in the mid
dle of the circle of chairs arranged
for the audience.
No seats will be reserved, although
any of the seats will provide a good
view of each of the characters at one
time or another. The characters will
enter and leave through the audi
ence. Their entrances will be noticed
during a scene, but between scenes
they will enter in the dark. They
will talk directly to the audience.
Mary Higgins, prompter, will be
costumed and, with the help of the
two butlers in the play, will carry
the properties on and off stage. There
will be several novelty stunts in the
play and some novelty stunts done
with properties, adcording to Mr.
PJhilbrick.
This is the first time the penthouse
style of play has been done here
since the summer of 1943 when it
was very successful.
A number of tickets remain for !
Wednesday and Thursday nights'
performances, May 2 and 3, for "The
Importance of Being Earnest," by
Oscar Wilde, which will be presented
in penthouse style on the main stage
of Memorial Auditorium May 2

through 5.
Tickets are 90 cents and may be
purchased in Room 202 of Memorial
Hall. The play is under the direction
of Norman Philbrick.
The audience will sit right on the
stage and will enter either through
the Green Room or the side en
trances. The stage where the play
will be presented will be in the mid
dle of the circle of chairs arranged
for the audience.
No seats will be reserved, although
any of the seats will provide a good
view of each of the characters at one
time or another. The characters will
enter and leave through the audi
ence. Their entrances will be noticed
during a scene, but between scenes
they will enter in the dark. They
will talk directly to the audience.
Mary Higgins, prompter, will be
costumed and, with the help of the
two butlers in the play, will carry
the properties on and off stage. There
will be several novelty stunts in the
play and some novelty stunts done
with properties, adcording to Mr.
PJhilbrick.
This is the first time the penthouse
style of play has been done here
since the summer of 1943 when it
was very successful.
A number of tickets remain for !
Wednesday and Thursday nights'
performances, May 2 and 3, for "The
Importance of Being Earnest," by
Oscar Wilde, which will be presented
in penthouse style on the main stage
of Memorial Auditorium May 2

through 5.
Tickets are 90 cents and may be
purchased in Room 202 of Memorial
Hall. The play is under the direction
of Norman Philbrick.
The audience will sit right on the
stage and will enter either through
the Green Room or the side en
trances. The stage where the play
will be presented will be in the mid
dle of the circle of chairs arranged
for the audience.
No seats will be reserved, although
any of the seats will provide a good
view of each of the characters at one
time or another. The characters will
enter and leave through the audi
ence. Their entrances will be noticed
during a scene, but between scenes
they will enter in the dark. They
will talk directly to the audience.
Mary Higgins, prompter, will be
costumed and, with the help of the
two butlers in the play, will carry
the properties on and off stage. There
will be several novelty stunts in the
play and some novelty stunts done
with properties, adcording to Mr.
PJhilbrick.
This is the first time the penthouse
style of play has been done here
since the summer of 1943 when it
was very successful.
A number of tickets remain for !
Wednesday and Thursday nights'
performances, May 2 and 3, for "The
Importance of Being Earnest," by
Oscar Wilde, which will be presented
in penthouse style on the main stage
of Memorial Auditorium May 2

through 5.
Tickets are 90 cents and may be
purchased in Room 202 of Memorial
Hall. The play is under the direction
of Norman Philbrick.
The audience will sit right on the
stage and will enter either through
the Green Room or the side en
trances. The stage where the play
will be presented will be in the mid
dle of the circle of chairs arranged
for the audience.
No seats will be reserved, although
any of the seats will provide a good
view of each of the characters at one
time or another. The characters will
enter and leave through the audi
ence. Their entrances will be noticed
during a scene, but between scenes
they will enter in the dark. They
will talk directly to the audience.
Mary Higgins, prompter, will be
costumed and, with the help of the
two butlers in the play, will carry
the properties on and off stage. There
will be several novelty stunts in the
play and some novelty stunts done
with properties, adcording to Mr.
PJhilbrick.
This is the first time the penthouse
style of play has been done here
since the summer of 1943 when it
was very successful.
A number of tickets remain for !
Wednesday and Thursday nights'
performances, May 2 and 3, for "The
Importance of Being Earnest," by
Oscar Wilde, which will be presented
in penthouse style on the main stage
of Memorial Auditorium May 2

through 5.
Tickets are 90 cents and may be
purchased in Room 202 of Memorial
Hall. The play is under the direction
of Norman Philbrick.
The audience will sit right on the
stage and will enter either through
the Green Room or the side en
trances. The stage where the play
will be presented will be in the mid
dle of the circle of chairs arranged
for the audience.
No seats will be reserved, although
any of the seats will provide a good
view of each of the characters at one
time or another. The characters will
enter and leave through the audi
ence. Their entrances will be noticed
during a scene, but between scenes
they will enter in the dark. They
will talk directly to the audience.
Mary Higgins, prompter, will be
costumed and, with the help of the
two butlers in the play, will carry
the properties on and off stage. There
will be several novelty stunts in the
play and some novelty stunts done
with properties, adcording to Mr.
PJhilbrick.
This is the first time the penthouse
style of play has been done here
since the summer of 1943 when it
was very successful.
A number of tickets remain for !
Wednesday and Thursday nights'
performances, May 2 and 3, for "The
Importance of Being Earnest," by
Oscar Wilde, which will be presented
in penthouse style on the main stage
of Memorial Auditorium May 2

through 5.
Tickets are 90 cents and may be
purchased in Room 202 of Memorial
Hall. The play is under the direction
of Norman Philbrick.
The audience will sit right on the
stage and will enter either through
the Green Room or the side en
trances. The stage where the play
will be presented will be in the mid
dle of the circle of chairs arranged
for the audience.
No seats will be reserved, although
any of the seats will provide a good
view of each of the characters at one
time or another. The characters will
enter and leave through the audi
ence. Their entrances will be noticed
during a scene, but between scenes
they will enter in the dark. They
will talk directly to the audience.
Mary Higgins, prompter, will be
costumed and, with the help of the
two butlers in the play, will carry
the properties on and off stage. There
will be several novelty stunts in the
play and some novelty stunts done
with properties, adcording to Mr.
PJhilbrick.
This is the first time the penthouse
style of play has been done here
since the summer of 1943 when it
was very successful.
A number of tickets remain for !
Wednesday and Thursday nights'
performances, May 2 and 3, for "The
Importance of Being Earnest," by
Oscar Wilde, which will be presented
in penthouse style on the main stage
of Memorial Auditorium May 2

through 5.
Tickets are 90 cents and may be
purchased in Room 202 of Memorial
Hall. The play is under the direction
of Norman Philbrick.
The audience will sit right on the
stage and will enter either through
the Green Room or the side en
trances. The stage where the play
will be presented will be in the mid
dle of the circle of chairs arranged
for the audience.
No seats will be reserved, although
any of the seats will provide a good
view of each of the characters at one
time or another. The characters will
enter and leave through the audi
ence. Their entrances will be noticed
during a scene, but between scenes
they will enter in the dark. They
will talk directly to the audience.
Mary Higgins, prompter, will be
costumed and, with the help of the
two butlers in the play, will carry
the properties on and off stage. There
will be several novelty stunts in the
play and some novelty stunts done
with properties, adcording to Mr.
PJhilbrick.
This is the first time the penthouse
style of play has been done here
since the summer of 1943 when it
was very successful.
A number of tickets remain for !
Wednesday and Thursday nights'
performances, May 2 and 3, for "The
Importance of Being Earnest," by
Oscar Wilde, which will be presented
in penthouse style on the main stage
of Memorial Auditorium May 2

through 5.
Tickets are 90 cents and may be
purchased in Room 202 of Memorial
Hall. The play is under the direction
of Norman Philbrick.
The audience will sit right on the
stage and will enter either through
the Green Room or the side en
trances. The stage where the play
will be presented will be in the mid
dle of the circle of chairs arranged
for the audience.
No seats will be reserved, although
any of the seats will provide a good
view of each of the characters at one
time or another. The characters will
enter and leave through the audi
ence. Their entrances will be noticed
during a scene, but between scenes
they will enter in the dark. They
will talk directly to the audience.
Mary Higgins, prompter, will be
costumed and, with the help of the
two butlers in the play, will carry
the properties on and off stage. There
will be several novelty stunts in the
play and some novelty stunts done
with properties, adcording to Mr.
PJhilbrick.
This is the first time the penthouse
style of play has been done here
since the summer of 1943 when it
was very successful.
A number of tickets remain for !
Wednesday and Thursday nights'
performances, May 2 and 3, for "The
Importance of Being Earnest," by
Oscar Wilde, which will be presented
in penthouse style on the main stage
of Memorial Auditorium May 2

through 5.
Tickets are 90 cents and may be
purchased in Room 202 of Memorial
Hall. The play is under the direction
of Norman Philbrick.
The audience will sit right on the
stage and will enter either through
the Green Room or the side en
trances. The stage where the play
will be presented will be in the mid
dle of the circle of chairs arranged
for the audience.
No seats will be reserved, although
any of the seats will provide a good
view of each of the characters at one
time or another. The characters will
enter and leave through the audi
ence. Their entrances will be noticed
during a scene, but between scenes
they will enter in the dark. They
will talk directly to the audience.
Mary Higgins, prompter, will be
costumed and, with the help of the
two butlers in the play, will carry
the properties on and off stage. There
will be several novelty stunts in the
play and some novelty stunts done
with properties, adcording to Mr.
PJhilbrick.
This is the first time the penthouse
style of play has been done here
since the summer of 1943 when it
was very successful.
