# OREGON SPEEDSTER THREAT TO CARDS
## 
### 
Cleveland Jones, a 5-3 V2, 148-pound scatback does every
thing for the Webfoots. Jones leads the team in pass re
ceiving, punt returns and kickoff returns, and is second in
rushing.

Cleveland Jones, a 5-3 V2, 148-pound scatback does every
thing for the Webfoots. Jones leads the team in pass re
ceiving, punt returns and kickoff returns, and is second in
rushing.

Cleveland Jones, a 5-3 V2, 148-pound scatback does every
thing for the Webfoots. Jones leads the team in pass re
ceiving, punt returns and kickoff returns, and is second in
rushing.

Cleveland Jones, a 5-3 V2, 148-pound scatback does every
thing for the Webfoots. Jones leads the team in pass re
ceiving, punt returns and kickoff returns, and is second in
rushing.

Cleveland Jones, a 5-3 V2, 148-pound scatback does every
thing for the Webfoots. Jones leads the team in pass re
ceiving, punt returns and kickoff returns, and is second in
rushing.

Cleveland Jones, a 5-3 V2, 148-pound scatback does every
thing for the Webfoots. Jones leads the team in pass re
ceiving, punt returns and kickoff returns, and is second in
rushing.

Cleveland Jones, a 5-3 V2, 148-pound scatback does every
thing for the Webfoots. Jones leads the team in pass re
ceiving, punt returns and kickoff returns, and is second in
rushing.

Cleveland Jones, a 5-3 V2, 148-pound scatback does every
thing for the Webfoots. Jones leads the team in pass re
ceiving, punt returns and kickoff returns, and is second in
rushing.

Cleveland Jones, a 5-3 V2, 148-pound scatback does every
thing for the Webfoots. Jones leads the team in pass re
ceiving, punt returns and kickoff returns, and is second in
rushing.

Cleveland Jones, a 5-3 V2, 148-pound scatback does every
thing for the Webfoots. Jones leads the team in pass re
ceiving, punt returns and kickoff returns, and is second in
rushing.

Cleveland Jones, a 5-3 V2, 148-pound scatback does every
thing for the Webfoots. Jones leads the team in pass re
ceiving, punt returns and kickoff returns, and is second in
rushing.

Cleveland Jones, a 5-3 V2, 148-pound scatback does every
thing for the Webfoots. Jones leads the team in pass re
ceiving, punt returns and kickoff returns, and is second in
rushing.

Cleveland Jones, a 5-3 V2, 148-pound scatback does every
thing for the Webfoots. Jones leads the team in pass re
ceiving, punt returns and kickoff returns, and is second in
rushing.

Cleveland Jones, a 5-3 V2, 148-pound scatback does every
thing for the Webfoots. Jones leads the team in pass re
ceiving, punt returns and kickoff returns, and is second in
rushing.

Cleveland Jones, a 5-3 V2, 148-pound scatback does every
thing for the Webfoots. Jones leads the team in pass re
ceiving, punt returns and kickoff returns, and is second in
rushing.

Cleveland Jones, a 5-3 V2, 148-pound scatback does every
thing for the Webfoots. Jones leads the team in pass re
ceiving, punt returns and kickoff returns, and is second in
rushing.

Cleveland Jones, a 5-3 V2, 148-pound scatback does every
thing for the Webfoots. Jones leads the team in pass re
ceiving, punt returns and kickoff returns, and is second in
rushing.

