# ENCINA TEAM WINS FROM BARBARIAN CLUB.
## 
### 
Stanford 2, Barbarians 1. This is the
result of Saturday's game, which was
one of the most evenly matched and
yet one of the hardest fought games
that the Encina Gymnasium Team has
yet indulged in. Although clearly out
classed in offensive work and shoot
ing, the Barbarians played a strong
snappy game up to the last minute of
play. In the forward line Fyfe and
Pung were easly the stars of the game.
Fung was directly responsible for both
tallies making the first one himself
and causing the goal-keeper to foul
him on the throwout for the second,
for which the referee awarded a pen
alty kick, liiggins by a well directed
drive converted this and the score
remained thus till near the end of the
last hall', when Hamilton fouled the
ball within liis penalty area and the
referee allowed a penalty kick for
this which gave the Barbs their first
and only real chance to score. Potts
playing left full for the city team

managed to drive this past Stuart and
thus the score stood till the end of
the game.
By winning this game the Encinas
forged into fourth place in the series.
