# English Club to Hold Important Meeting
## 
### 
The English Club will hold the most
important meeting of the quarter this
evening in the tea room of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:30 o'clock; and all mem
bers arc most urgently requested to be
present.
Miss Ellen Calhoun, '20, will conduct
the Round Table and many important
business questions will be discussed.
One of the points taken up will be the
admission of new members and nomina
tions will be received. Also a report of
the play committee will be received upon
the play which the club will present at
a later date.
The English Club will hold the most
important meeting of the quarter this
evening in the tea room of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:30 o'clock; and all mem
bers arc most urgently requested to be
present.
Miss Ellen Calhoun, '20, will conduct
the Round Table and many important
business questions will be discussed.
One of the points taken up will be the
admission of new members and nomina
tions will be received. Also a report of
the play committee will be received upon
the play which the club will present at
a later date.
The English Club will hold the most
important meeting of the quarter this
evening in the tea room of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:30 o'clock; and all mem
bers arc most urgently requested to be
present.
Miss Ellen Calhoun, '20, will conduct
the Round Table and many important
business questions will be discussed.
One of the points taken up will be the
admission of new members and nomina
tions will be received. Also a report of
the play committee will be received upon
the play which the club will present at
a later date.
The English Club will hold the most
important meeting of the quarter this
evening in the tea room of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:30 o'clock; and all mem
bers arc most urgently requested to be
present.
Miss Ellen Calhoun, '20, will conduct
the Round Table and many important
business questions will be discussed.
One of the points taken up will be the
admission of new members and nomina
tions will be received. Also a report of
the play committee will be received upon
the play which the club will present at
a later date.
The English Club will hold the most
important meeting of the quarter this
evening in the tea room of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:30 o'clock; and all mem
bers arc most urgently requested to be
present.
Miss Ellen Calhoun, '20, will conduct
the Round Table and many important
business questions will be discussed.
One of the points taken up will be the
admission of new members and nomina
tions will be received. Also a report of
the play committee will be received upon
the play which the club will present at
a later date.
The English Club will hold the most
important meeting of the quarter this
evening in the tea room of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:30 o'clock; and all mem
bers arc most urgently requested to be
present.
Miss Ellen Calhoun, '20, will conduct
the Round Table and many important
business questions will be discussed.
One of the points taken up will be the
admission of new members and nomina
tions will be received. Also a report of
the play committee will be received upon
the play which the club will present at
a later date.
The English Club will hold the most
important meeting of the quarter this
evening in the tea room of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:30 o'clock; and all mem
bers arc most urgently requested to be
present.
Miss Ellen Calhoun, '20, will conduct
the Round Table and many important
business questions will be discussed.
One of the points taken up will be the
admission of new members and nomina
tions will be received. Also a report of
the play committee will be received upon
the play which the club will present at
a later date.
The English Club will hold the most
important meeting of the quarter this
evening in the tea room of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:30 o'clock; and all mem
bers arc most urgently requested to be
present.
Miss Ellen Calhoun, '20, will conduct
the Round Table and many important
business questions will be discussed.
One of the points taken up will be the
admission of new members and nomina
tions will be received. Also a report of
the play committee will be received upon
the play which the club will present at
a later date.
The English Club will hold the most
important meeting of the quarter this
evening in the tea room of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:30 o'clock; and all mem
bers arc most urgently requested to be
present.
Miss Ellen Calhoun, '20, will conduct
the Round Table and many important
business questions will be discussed.
One of the points taken up will be the
admission of new members and nomina
tions will be received. Also a report of
the play committee will be received upon
the play which the club will present at
a later date.
The English Club will hold the most
important meeting of the quarter this
evening in the tea room of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:30 o'clock; and all mem
bers arc most urgently requested to be
present.
Miss Ellen Calhoun, '20, will conduct
the Round Table and many important
business questions will be discussed.
One of the points taken up will be the
admission of new members and nomina
tions will be received. Also a report of
the play committee will be received upon
the play which the club will present at
a later date.
The English Club will hold the most
important meeting of the quarter this
evening in the tea room of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:30 o'clock; and all mem
bers arc most urgently requested to be
present.
Miss Ellen Calhoun, '20, will conduct
the Round Table and many important
business questions will be discussed.
One of the points taken up will be the
admission of new members and nomina
tions will be received. Also a report of
the play committee will be received upon
the play which the club will present at
a later date.
The English Club will hold the most
important meeting of the quarter this
evening in the tea room of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:30 o'clock; and all mem
bers arc most urgently requested to be
present.
Miss Ellen Calhoun, '20, will conduct
the Round Table and many important
business questions will be discussed.
One of the points taken up will be the
admission of new members and nomina
tions will be received. Also a report of
the play committee will be received upon
the play which the club will present at
a later date.
The English Club will hold the most
important meeting of the quarter this
evening in the tea room of the Women's
Clubhouse at 8:30 o'clock; and all mem
bers arc most urgently requested to be
present.
Miss Ellen Calhoun, '20, will conduct
the Round Table and many important
business questions will be discussed.
One of the points taken up will be the
admission of new members and nomina
tions will be received. Also a report of
the play committee will be received upon
the play which the club will present at
a later date.
