# DE VOSS TO ADDRESS PALO ALTO PARENTS
## 
### 
Dr. James C. De Voss, professor
of psychology at San Jose State
Teachers College, will speak on
"Character Development in Chil
dren" at the Palo Alto Women's
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock. The
talk is included in a parent educa
tion series sponsored by the Palo
Alto Council of Parents and Teach
ers, American Association of Uni
versity Women, and Woman's Club.
Dr. James C. De Voss, professor
of psychology at San Jose State
Teachers College, will speak on
"Character Development in Chil
dren" at the Palo Alto Women's
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock. The
talk is included in a parent educa
tion series sponsored by the Palo
Alto Council of Parents and Teach
ers, American Association of Uni
versity Women, and Woman's Club.
Dr. James C. De Voss, professor
of psychology at San Jose State
Teachers College, will speak on
"Character Development in Chil
dren" at the Palo Alto Women's
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock. The
talk is included in a parent educa
tion series sponsored by the Palo
Alto Council of Parents and Teach
ers, American Association of Uni
versity Women, and Woman's Club.
Dr. James C. De Voss, professor
of psychology at San Jose State
Teachers College, will speak on
"Character Development in Chil
dren" at the Palo Alto Women's
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock. The
talk is included in a parent educa
tion series sponsored by the Palo
Alto Council of Parents and Teach
ers, American Association of Uni
versity Women, and Woman's Club.
Dr. James C. De Voss, professor
of psychology at San Jose State
Teachers College, will speak on
"Character Development in Chil
dren" at the Palo Alto Women's
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock. The
talk is included in a parent educa
tion series sponsored by the Palo
Alto Council of Parents and Teach
ers, American Association of Uni
versity Women, and Woman's Club.
Dr. James C. De Voss, professor
of psychology at San Jose State
Teachers College, will speak on
"Character Development in Chil
dren" at the Palo Alto Women's
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock. The
talk is included in a parent educa
tion series sponsored by the Palo
Alto Council of Parents and Teach
ers, American Association of Uni
versity Women, and Woman's Club.
Dr. James C. De Voss, professor
of psychology at San Jose State
Teachers College, will speak on
"Character Development in Chil
dren" at the Palo Alto Women's
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock. The
talk is included in a parent educa
tion series sponsored by the Palo
Alto Council of Parents and Teach
ers, American Association of Uni
versity Women, and Woman's Club.
Dr. James C. De Voss, professor
of psychology at San Jose State
Teachers College, will speak on
"Character Development in Chil
dren" at the Palo Alto Women's
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock. The
talk is included in a parent educa
tion series sponsored by the Palo
Alto Council of Parents and Teach
ers, American Association of Uni
versity Women, and Woman's Club.
Dr. James C. De Voss, professor
of psychology at San Jose State
Teachers College, will speak on
"Character Development in Chil
dren" at the Palo Alto Women's
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock. The
talk is included in a parent educa
tion series sponsored by the Palo
Alto Council of Parents and Teach
ers, American Association of Uni
versity Women, and Woman's Club.
Dr. James C. De Voss, professor
of psychology at San Jose State
Teachers College, will speak on
"Character Development in Chil
dren" at the Palo Alto Women's
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock. The
talk is included in a parent educa
tion series sponsored by the Palo
Alto Council of Parents and Teach
ers, American Association of Uni
versity Women, and Woman's Club.
Dr. James C. De Voss, professor
of psychology at San Jose State
Teachers College, will speak on
"Character Development in Chil
dren" at the Palo Alto Women's
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock. The
talk is included in a parent educa
tion series sponsored by the Palo
Alto Council of Parents and Teach
ers, American Association of Uni
versity Women, and Woman's Club.
Dr. James C. De Voss, professor
of psychology at San Jose State
Teachers College, will speak on
"Character Development in Chil
dren" at the Palo Alto Women's
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock. The
talk is included in a parent educa
tion series sponsored by the Palo
Alto Council of Parents and Teach
ers, American Association of Uni
versity Women, and Woman's Club.
Dr. James C. De Voss, professor
of psychology at San Jose State
Teachers College, will speak on
"Character Development in Chil
dren" at the Palo Alto Women's
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock. The
talk is included in a parent educa
tion series sponsored by the Palo
Alto Council of Parents and Teach
ers, American Association of Uni
versity Women, and Woman's Club.
Dr. James C. De Voss, professor
of psychology at San Jose State
Teachers College, will speak on
"Character Development in Chil
dren" at the Palo Alto Women's
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock. The
talk is included in a parent educa
tion series sponsored by the Palo
Alto Council of Parents and Teach
ers, American Association of Uni
versity Women, and Woman's Club.
Dr. James C. De Voss, professor
of psychology at San Jose State
Teachers College, will speak on
"Character Development in Chil
dren" at the Palo Alto Women's
Clubhouse tonight at 8 o'clock. The
talk is included in a parent educa
tion series sponsored by the Palo
Alto Council of Parents and Teach
ers, American Association of Uni
versity Women, and Woman's Club.
