# STANFORD STUDENT SEEKS MAT CAREER
## 
### 
Following in the footsteps of
Dynamite Gus Sonnenberg, Don
George, Casey Kazanjian, and oth
ers, Bus Cronstrom of Stanford
plans to turn professional wrestler.
Under the alias of "The Battering
Bulgar," he will try out tomorrow
afternoon in Dreamland Auditorium,
San Francisco, beneath the watchful
orbs of many mat authorities.
"Within a year we expect to be
tossing the best grapplers of the
country, bar none," the Bulgar's
manager, Loring Tomasini, has de
clared. "My man only weighs around
IGO pounds, but in practically no
time at all wc expect to exhaust
the middleweight and light-heavy
weight divisions and go on to the
big boys."
