# ALPHA DELTS PLEDGE
## 
### 
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Sam Eastman.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Sam Eastman.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Sam Eastman.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Sam Eastman.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Sam Eastman.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Sam Eastman.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Sam Eastman.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Sam Eastman.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Sam Eastman.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Sam Eastman.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Sam Eastman.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Sam Eastman.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Sam Eastman.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Sam Eastman.
Alpha Delta Phi announces the
pledging of Sam Eastman.
