# CONTROL OF HOUSE TO BE DETERMINED
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11. (/Pi _
Control of the House in the next
Congress may hinge upon the out
come of four election contests.
The contests are considered im
portant on account of the bare ma
jority of one the Republicans hold
for the session beginning next De
cember. A reversal might determine
whether the Republicans or Demo
crats would organize the House.
The lineup at present is 218 Re
publicans, 214 Democrats, and one
Farmer-Labor, with two vacancies
caused by death.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11. (/Pi _
Control of the House in the next
Congress may hinge upon the out
come of four election contests.
The contests are considered im
portant on account of the bare ma
jority of one the Republicans hold
for the session beginning next De
cember. A reversal might determine
whether the Republicans or Demo
crats would organize the House.
The lineup at present is 218 Re
publicans, 214 Democrats, and one
Farmer-Labor, with two vacancies
caused by death.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11. (/Pi _
Control of the House in the next
Congress may hinge upon the out
come of four election contests.
The contests are considered im
portant on account of the bare ma
jority of one the Republicans hold
for the session beginning next De
cember. A reversal might determine
whether the Republicans or Demo
crats would organize the House.
The lineup at present is 218 Re
publicans, 214 Democrats, and one
Farmer-Labor, with two vacancies
caused by death.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11. (/Pi _
Control of the House in the next
Congress may hinge upon the out
come of four election contests.
The contests are considered im
portant on account of the bare ma
jority of one the Republicans hold
for the session beginning next De
cember. A reversal might determine
whether the Republicans or Demo
crats would organize the House.
The lineup at present is 218 Re
publicans, 214 Democrats, and one
Farmer-Labor, with two vacancies
caused by death.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11. (/Pi _
Control of the House in the next
Congress may hinge upon the out
come of four election contests.
The contests are considered im
portant on account of the bare ma
jority of one the Republicans hold
for the session beginning next De
cember. A reversal might determine
whether the Republicans or Demo
crats would organize the House.
The lineup at present is 218 Re
publicans, 214 Democrats, and one
Farmer-Labor, with two vacancies
caused by death.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11. (/Pi _
Control of the House in the next
Congress may hinge upon the out
come of four election contests.
The contests are considered im
portant on account of the bare ma
jority of one the Republicans hold
for the session beginning next De
cember. A reversal might determine
whether the Republicans or Demo
crats would organize the House.
The lineup at present is 218 Re
publicans, 214 Democrats, and one
Farmer-Labor, with two vacancies
caused by death.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11. (/Pi _
Control of the House in the next
Congress may hinge upon the out
come of four election contests.
The contests are considered im
portant on account of the bare ma
jority of one the Republicans hold
for the session beginning next De
cember. A reversal might determine
whether the Republicans or Demo
crats would organize the House.
The lineup at present is 218 Re
publicans, 214 Democrats, and one
Farmer-Labor, with two vacancies
caused by death.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11. (/Pi _
Control of the House in the next
Congress may hinge upon the out
come of four election contests.
The contests are considered im
portant on account of the bare ma
jority of one the Republicans hold
for the session beginning next De
cember. A reversal might determine
whether the Republicans or Demo
crats would organize the House.
The lineup at present is 218 Re
publicans, 214 Democrats, and one
Farmer-Labor, with two vacancies
caused by death.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11. (/Pi _
Control of the House in the next
Congress may hinge upon the out
come of four election contests.
The contests are considered im
portant on account of the bare ma
jority of one the Republicans hold
for the session beginning next De
cember. A reversal might determine
whether the Republicans or Demo
crats would organize the House.
The lineup at present is 218 Re
publicans, 214 Democrats, and one
Farmer-Labor, with two vacancies
caused by death.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11. (/Pi _
Control of the House in the next
Congress may hinge upon the out
come of four election contests.
The contests are considered im
portant on account of the bare ma
jority of one the Republicans hold
for the session beginning next De
cember. A reversal might determine
whether the Republicans or Demo
crats would organize the House.
The lineup at present is 218 Re
publicans, 214 Democrats, and one
Farmer-Labor, with two vacancies
caused by death.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11. (/Pi _
Control of the House in the next
Congress may hinge upon the out
come of four election contests.
The contests are considered im
portant on account of the bare ma
jority of one the Republicans hold
for the session beginning next De
cember. A reversal might determine
whether the Republicans or Demo
crats would organize the House.
The lineup at present is 218 Re
publicans, 214 Democrats, and one
Farmer-Labor, with two vacancies
caused by death.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11. (/Pi _
Control of the House in the next
Congress may hinge upon the out
come of four election contests.
The contests are considered im
portant on account of the bare ma
jority of one the Republicans hold
for the session beginning next De
cember. A reversal might determine
whether the Republicans or Demo
crats would organize the House.
The lineup at present is 218 Re
publicans, 214 Democrats, and one
Farmer-Labor, with two vacancies
caused by death.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11. (/Pi _
Control of the House in the next
Congress may hinge upon the out
come of four election contests.
The contests are considered im
portant on account of the bare ma
jority of one the Republicans hold
for the session beginning next De
cember. A reversal might determine
whether the Republicans or Demo
crats would organize the House.
The lineup at present is 218 Re
publicans, 214 Democrats, and one
Farmer-Labor, with two vacancies
caused by death.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11. (/Pi _
Control of the House in the next
Congress may hinge upon the out
come of four election contests.
The contests are considered im
portant on account of the bare ma
jority of one the Republicans hold
for the session beginning next De
cember. A reversal might determine
whether the Republicans or Demo
crats would organize the House.
The lineup at present is 218 Re
publicans, 214 Democrats, and one
Farmer-Labor, with two vacancies
caused by death.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11. (/Pi _
Control of the House in the next
Congress may hinge upon the out
come of four election contests.
The contests are considered im
portant on account of the bare ma
jority of one the Republicans hold
for the session beginning next De
cember. A reversal might determine
whether the Republicans or Demo
crats would organize the House.
The lineup at present is 218 Re
publicans, 214 Democrats, and one
Farmer-Labor, with two vacancies
caused by death.
