# PATTY BAKER NOT SUFFERING RELAPSE AFTER GIVING BLOOD
## 
### 
Patty Baker, '.'32, three months a
convalescent from poliomyelitis, con
tinued toward recovery in the Palo
Alto Hospital today, apparently sur
mounting the loss of blood given
last week as antitoxin serum to save
the life of Mrs. A. A. Tucker of
Redwood City.
Mrs. Tucker, expectant mother,
was brought to the hospital early
last week, stricken wiih paralysis
by the disease. Today she was sent
home to convalesce. The injection of
serum has successfully halted fur
ther progress of the disease, accord
ing to Dr. Harold J. Beaver.
This is Miss Baker's second dona
tion of blood for use in the fight
against poliomyelitis. At the Chil
dren's Hospital in San Francisco she
gave blood for antitoxin serum.
Patty Baker, '.'32, three months a
convalescent from poliomyelitis, con
tinued toward recovery in the Palo
Alto Hospital today, apparently sur
mounting the loss of blood given
last week as antitoxin serum to save
the life of Mrs. A. A. Tucker of
Redwood City.
Mrs. Tucker, expectant mother,
was brought to the hospital early
last week, stricken wiih paralysis
by the disease. Today she was sent
home to convalesce. The injection of
serum has successfully halted fur
ther progress of the disease, accord
ing to Dr. Harold J. Beaver.
This is Miss Baker's second dona
tion of blood for use in the fight
against poliomyelitis. At the Chil
dren's Hospital in San Francisco she
gave blood for antitoxin serum.
Patty Baker, '.'32, three months a
convalescent from poliomyelitis, con
tinued toward recovery in the Palo
Alto Hospital today, apparently sur
mounting the loss of blood given
last week as antitoxin serum to save
the life of Mrs. A. A. Tucker of
Redwood City.
Mrs. Tucker, expectant mother,
was brought to the hospital early
last week, stricken wiih paralysis
by the disease. Today she was sent
home to convalesce. The injection of
serum has successfully halted fur
ther progress of the disease, accord
ing to Dr. Harold J. Beaver.
This is Miss Baker's second dona
tion of blood for use in the fight
against poliomyelitis. At the Chil
dren's Hospital in San Francisco she
gave blood for antitoxin serum.
Patty Baker, '.'32, three months a
convalescent from poliomyelitis, con
tinued toward recovery in the Palo
Alto Hospital today, apparently sur
mounting the loss of blood given
last week as antitoxin serum to save
the life of Mrs. A. A. Tucker of
Redwood City.
Mrs. Tucker, expectant mother,
was brought to the hospital early
last week, stricken wiih paralysis
by the disease. Today she was sent
home to convalesce. The injection of
serum has successfully halted fur
ther progress of the disease, accord
ing to Dr. Harold J. Beaver.
This is Miss Baker's second dona
tion of blood for use in the fight
against poliomyelitis. At the Chil
dren's Hospital in San Francisco she
gave blood for antitoxin serum.
Patty Baker, '.'32, three months a
convalescent from poliomyelitis, con
tinued toward recovery in the Palo
Alto Hospital today, apparently sur
mounting the loss of blood given
last week as antitoxin serum to save
the life of Mrs. A. A. Tucker of
Redwood City.
Mrs. Tucker, expectant mother,
was brought to the hospital early
last week, stricken wiih paralysis
by the disease. Today she was sent
home to convalesce. The injection of
serum has successfully halted fur
ther progress of the disease, accord
ing to Dr. Harold J. Beaver.
This is Miss Baker's second dona
tion of blood for use in the fight
against poliomyelitis. At the Chil
dren's Hospital in San Francisco she
gave blood for antitoxin serum.
Patty Baker, '.'32, three months a
convalescent from poliomyelitis, con
tinued toward recovery in the Palo
Alto Hospital today, apparently sur
mounting the loss of blood given
last week as antitoxin serum to save
the life of Mrs. A. A. Tucker of
Redwood City.
Mrs. Tucker, expectant mother,
was brought to the hospital early
last week, stricken wiih paralysis
by the disease. Today she was sent
home to convalesce. The injection of
serum has successfully halted fur
ther progress of the disease, accord
ing to Dr. Harold J. Beaver.
This is Miss Baker's second dona
tion of blood for use in the fight
against poliomyelitis. At the Chil
dren's Hospital in San Francisco she
gave blood for antitoxin serum.
Patty Baker, '.'32, three months a
convalescent from poliomyelitis, con
tinued toward recovery in the Palo
Alto Hospital today, apparently sur
mounting the loss of blood given
last week as antitoxin serum to save
the life of Mrs. A. A. Tucker of
Redwood City.
Mrs. Tucker, expectant mother,
was brought to the hospital early
last week, stricken wiih paralysis
by the disease. Today she was sent
home to convalesce. The injection of
serum has successfully halted fur
ther progress of the disease, accord
ing to Dr. Harold J. Beaver.
This is Miss Baker's second dona
tion of blood for use in the fight
against poliomyelitis. At the Chil
dren's Hospital in San Francisco she
gave blood for antitoxin serum.
Patty Baker, '.'32, three months a
convalescent from poliomyelitis, con
tinued toward recovery in the Palo
Alto Hospital today, apparently sur
mounting the loss of blood given
last week as antitoxin serum to save
the life of Mrs. A. A. Tucker of
Redwood City.
Mrs. Tucker, expectant mother,
was brought to the hospital early
last week, stricken wiih paralysis
by the disease. Today she was sent
home to convalesce. The injection of
serum has successfully halted fur
ther progress of the disease, accord
ing to Dr. Harold J. Beaver.
This is Miss Baker's second dona
tion of blood for use in the fight
against poliomyelitis. At the Chil
dren's Hospital in San Francisco she
gave blood for antitoxin serum.
Patty Baker, '.'32, three months a
convalescent from poliomyelitis, con
tinued toward recovery in the Palo
Alto Hospital today, apparently sur
mounting the loss of blood given
last week as antitoxin serum to save
the life of Mrs. A. A. Tucker of
Redwood City.
Mrs. Tucker, expectant mother,
was brought to the hospital early
last week, stricken wiih paralysis
by the disease. Today she was sent
home to convalesce. The injection of
serum has successfully halted fur
ther progress of the disease, accord
ing to Dr. Harold J. Beaver.
This is Miss Baker's second dona
tion of blood for use in the fight
against poliomyelitis. At the Chil
dren's Hospital in San Francisco she
gave blood for antitoxin serum.
Patty Baker, '.'32, three months a
convalescent from poliomyelitis, con
tinued toward recovery in the Palo
Alto Hospital today, apparently sur
mounting the loss of blood given
last week as antitoxin serum to save
the life of Mrs. A. A. Tucker of
Redwood City.
Mrs. Tucker, expectant mother,
was brought to the hospital early
last week, stricken wiih paralysis
by the disease. Today she was sent
home to convalesce. The injection of
serum has successfully halted fur
ther progress of the disease, accord
ing to Dr. Harold J. Beaver.
This is Miss Baker's second dona
tion of blood for use in the fight
against poliomyelitis. At the Chil
dren's Hospital in San Francisco she
gave blood for antitoxin serum.
Patty Baker, '.'32, three months a
convalescent from poliomyelitis, con
tinued toward recovery in the Palo
Alto Hospital today, apparently sur
mounting the loss of blood given
last week as antitoxin serum to save
the life of Mrs. A. A. Tucker of
Redwood City.
Mrs. Tucker, expectant mother,
was brought to the hospital early
last week, stricken wiih paralysis
by the disease. Today she was sent
home to convalesce. The injection of
serum has successfully halted fur
ther progress of the disease, accord
ing to Dr. Harold J. Beaver.
This is Miss Baker's second dona
tion of blood for use in the fight
against poliomyelitis. At the Chil
dren's Hospital in San Francisco she
gave blood for antitoxin serum.
Patty Baker, '.'32, three months a
convalescent from poliomyelitis, con
tinued toward recovery in the Palo
Alto Hospital today, apparently sur
mounting the loss of blood given
last week as antitoxin serum to save
the life of Mrs. A. A. Tucker of
Redwood City.
Mrs. Tucker, expectant mother,
was brought to the hospital early
last week, stricken wiih paralysis
by the disease. Today she was sent
home to convalesce. The injection of
serum has successfully halted fur
ther progress of the disease, accord
ing to Dr. Harold J. Beaver.
This is Miss Baker's second dona
tion of blood for use in the fight
against poliomyelitis. At the Chil
dren's Hospital in San Francisco she
gave blood for antitoxin serum.
Patty Baker, '.'32, three months a
convalescent from poliomyelitis, con
tinued toward recovery in the Palo
Alto Hospital today, apparently sur
mounting the loss of blood given
last week as antitoxin serum to save
the life of Mrs. A. A. Tucker of
Redwood City.
Mrs. Tucker, expectant mother,
was brought to the hospital early
last week, stricken wiih paralysis
by the disease. Today she was sent
home to convalesce. The injection of
serum has successfully halted fur
ther progress of the disease, accord
ing to Dr. Harold J. Beaver.
This is Miss Baker's second dona
tion of blood for use in the fight
against poliomyelitis. At the Chil
dren's Hospital in San Francisco she
gave blood for antitoxin serum.
Patty Baker, '.'32, three months a
convalescent from poliomyelitis, con
tinued toward recovery in the Palo
Alto Hospital today, apparently sur
mounting the loss of blood given
last week as antitoxin serum to save
the life of Mrs. A. A. Tucker of
Redwood City.
Mrs. Tucker, expectant mother,
was brought to the hospital early
last week, stricken wiih paralysis
by the disease. Today she was sent
home to convalesce. The injection of
serum has successfully halted fur
ther progress of the disease, accord
ing to Dr. Harold J. Beaver.
This is Miss Baker's second dona
tion of blood for use in the fight
against poliomyelitis. At the Chil
dren's Hospital in San Francisco she
gave blood for antitoxin serum.
Patty Baker, '.'32, three months a
convalescent from poliomyelitis, con
tinued toward recovery in the Palo
Alto Hospital today, apparently sur
mounting the loss of blood given
last week as antitoxin serum to save
the life of Mrs. A. A. Tucker of
Redwood City.
Mrs. Tucker, expectant mother,
was brought to the hospital early
last week, stricken wiih paralysis
by the disease. Today she was sent
home to convalesce. The injection of
serum has successfully halted fur
ther progress of the disease, accord
ing to Dr. Harold J. Beaver.
This is Miss Baker's second dona
tion of blood for use in the fight
against poliomyelitis. At the Chil
dren's Hospital in San Francisco she
gave blood for antitoxin serum.
