# Veteran Vouchers
## 
### 
Veterans at Stanford under the
Korean GI Bill are reminded by
the Veteran's Administration that
monthly vouchers of class attend
ance are due promptly at the end
of each month.
Veterans at Stanford under the
Korean GI Bill are reminded by
the Veteran's Administration that
monthly vouchers of class attend
ance are due promptly at the end
of each month.
Veterans at Stanford under the
Korean GI Bill are reminded by
the Veteran's Administration that
monthly vouchers of class attend
ance are due promptly at the end
of each month.
Veterans at Stanford under the
Korean GI Bill are reminded by
the Veteran's Administration that
monthly vouchers of class attend
ance are due promptly at the end
of each month.
Veterans at Stanford under the
Korean GI Bill are reminded by
the Veteran's Administration that
monthly vouchers of class attend
ance are due promptly at the end
of each month.
Veterans at Stanford under the
Korean GI Bill are reminded by
the Veteran's Administration that
monthly vouchers of class attend
ance are due promptly at the end
of each month.
Veterans at Stanford under the
Korean GI Bill are reminded by
the Veteran's Administration that
monthly vouchers of class attend
ance are due promptly at the end
of each month.
Veterans at Stanford under the
Korean GI Bill are reminded by
the Veteran's Administration that
monthly vouchers of class attend
ance are due promptly at the end
of each month.
Veterans at Stanford under the
Korean GI Bill are reminded by
the Veteran's Administration that
monthly vouchers of class attend
ance are due promptly at the end
of each month.
Veterans at Stanford under the
Korean GI Bill are reminded by
the Veteran's Administration that
monthly vouchers of class attend
ance are due promptly at the end
of each month.
Veterans at Stanford under the
Korean GI Bill are reminded by
the Veteran's Administration that
monthly vouchers of class attend
ance are due promptly at the end
of each month.
Veterans at Stanford under the
Korean GI Bill are reminded by
the Veteran's Administration that
monthly vouchers of class attend
ance are due promptly at the end
of each month.
Veterans at Stanford under the
Korean GI Bill are reminded by
the Veteran's Administration that
monthly vouchers of class attend
ance are due promptly at the end
of each month.
Veterans at Stanford under the
Korean GI Bill are reminded by
the Veteran's Administration that
monthly vouchers of class attend
ance are due promptly at the end
of each month.
Veterans at Stanford under the
Korean GI Bill are reminded by
the Veteran's Administration that
monthly vouchers of class attend
ance are due promptly at the end
of each month.
Veterans at Stanford under the
Korean GI Bill are reminded by
the Veteran's Administration that
monthly vouchers of class attend
ance are due promptly at the end
of each month.
Veterans at Stanford under the
Korean GI Bill are reminded by
the Veteran's Administration that
monthly vouchers of class attend
ance are due promptly at the end
of each month.
Veterans at Stanford under the
Korean GI Bill are reminded by
the Veteran's Administration that
monthly vouchers of class attend
ance are due promptly at the end
of each month.
