# Women's Volleyball
## 
### 
Tonight: 7:30 p.m. at No. 21-
ranked Washington State. Satur
day: 7:30 at No. 20-ranked
Washington.
NOTES — No. 1-ranked Stanford
hopes to maintain its eight
match winning streak. Although
the Cardinal historically does
well up north (10-0 against the
Cougs and 11-2 against the
Huskies), the team only had one
day of rest/practice between
their draining Wednesday night
match at Berkeley and this road
trip.
Tonight: 7:30 p.m. at No. 21-
ranked Washington State. Satur
day: 7:30 at No. 20-ranked
Washington.
NOTES — No. 1-ranked Stanford
hopes to maintain its eight
match winning streak. Although
the Cardinal historically does
well up north (10-0 against the
Cougs and 11-2 against the
Huskies), the team only had one
day of rest/practice between
their draining Wednesday night
match at Berkeley and this road
trip.
Tonight: 7:30 p.m. at No. 21-
ranked Washington State. Satur
day: 7:30 at No. 20-ranked
Washington.
NOTES — No. 1-ranked Stanford
hopes to maintain its eight
match winning streak. Although
the Cardinal historically does
well up north (10-0 against the
Cougs and 11-2 against the
Huskies), the team only had one
day of rest/practice between
their draining Wednesday night
match at Berkeley and this road
trip.
Tonight: 7:30 p.m. at No. 21-
ranked Washington State. Satur
day: 7:30 at No. 20-ranked
Washington.
NOTES — No. 1-ranked Stanford
hopes to maintain its eight
match winning streak. Although
the Cardinal historically does
well up north (10-0 against the
Cougs and 11-2 against the
Huskies), the team only had one
day of rest/practice between
their draining Wednesday night
match at Berkeley and this road
trip.
Tonight: 7:30 p.m. at No. 21-
ranked Washington State. Satur
day: 7:30 at No. 20-ranked
Washington.
NOTES — No. 1-ranked Stanford
hopes to maintain its eight
match winning streak. Although
the Cardinal historically does
well up north (10-0 against the
Cougs and 11-2 against the
Huskies), the team only had one
day of rest/practice between
their draining Wednesday night
match at Berkeley and this road
trip.
Tonight: 7:30 p.m. at No. 21-
ranked Washington State. Satur
day: 7:30 at No. 20-ranked
Washington.
NOTES — No. 1-ranked Stanford
hopes to maintain its eight
match winning streak. Although
the Cardinal historically does
well up north (10-0 against the
Cougs and 11-2 against the
Huskies), the team only had one
day of rest/practice between
their draining Wednesday night
match at Berkeley and this road
trip.
Tonight: 7:30 p.m. at No. 21-
ranked Washington State. Satur
day: 7:30 at No. 20-ranked
Washington.
NOTES — No. 1-ranked Stanford
hopes to maintain its eight
match winning streak. Although
the Cardinal historically does
well up north (10-0 against the
Cougs and 11-2 against the
Huskies), the team only had one
day of rest/practice between
their draining Wednesday night
match at Berkeley and this road
trip.
