# INSIDE
## 
### 
Signed
Author Kurt Vonnegut
signs books, accepts
award from students
See Diversions, page 13

Sealed
Eight people are
sealed in a glass
ark for two years
See World & Nation, page 3

Delivered
Bob Whitfield delivers
talent, humor to the
Cardinal offensive line
See Sports, page 7



Signed
Author Kurt Vonnegut
signs books, accepts
award from students
See Diversions, page 13

Sealed
Eight people are
sealed in a glass
ark for two years
See World & Nation, page 3

Delivered
Bob Whitfield delivers
talent, humor to the
Cardinal offensive line
See Sports, page 7



Signed
Author Kurt Vonnegut
signs books, accepts
award from students
See Diversions, page 13

Sealed
Eight people are
sealed in a glass
ark for two years
See World & Nation, page 3

Delivered
Bob Whitfield delivers
talent, humor to the
Cardinal offensive line
See Sports, page 7



Signed
Author Kurt Vonnegut
signs books, accepts
award from students
See Diversions, page 13

Sealed
Eight people are
sealed in a glass
ark for two years
See World & Nation, page 3

Delivered
Bob Whitfield delivers
talent, humor to the
Cardinal offensive line
See Sports, page 7



Signed
Author Kurt Vonnegut
signs books, accepts
award from students
See Diversions, page 13

Sealed
Eight people are
sealed in a glass
ark for two years
See World & Nation, page 3

Delivered
Bob Whitfield delivers
talent, humor to the
Cardinal offensive line
See Sports, page 7



Signed
Author Kurt Vonnegut
signs books, accepts
award from students
See Diversions, page 13

Sealed
Eight people are
sealed in a glass
ark for two years
See World & Nation, page 3

Delivered
Bob Whitfield delivers
talent, humor to the
Cardinal offensive line
See Sports, page 7



Signed
Author Kurt Vonnegut
signs books, accepts
award from students
See Diversions, page 13

Sealed
Eight people are
sealed in a glass
ark for two years
See World & Nation, page 3

Delivered
Bob Whitfield delivers
talent, humor to the
Cardinal offensive line
See Sports, page 7



