# XMAS VACATION WORK.
## 
### 
We have a clean cut selling propo
sition which appeals to high grade
men. No house to house work—
strictly business. Last Xmas a fresh
man without previous experience made
$200. We are going to start a few
men this Xmas vacation so that they
will he in good shape for making
money next summer.
Write W. E. Judge, 24 California
street, San Francisco.
We have a clean cut selling propo
sition which appeals to high grade
men. No house to house work—
strictly business. Last Xmas a fresh
man without previous experience made
$200. We are going to start a few
men this Xmas vacation so that they
will he in good shape for making
money next summer.
Write W. E. Judge, 24 California
street, San Francisco.
We have a clean cut selling propo
sition which appeals to high grade
men. No house to house work—
strictly business. Last Xmas a fresh
man without previous experience made
$200. We are going to start a few
men this Xmas vacation so that they
will he in good shape for making
money next summer.
Write W. E. Judge, 24 California
street, San Francisco.
We have a clean cut selling propo
sition which appeals to high grade
men. No house to house work—
strictly business. Last Xmas a fresh
man without previous experience made
$200. We are going to start a few
men this Xmas vacation so that they
will he in good shape for making
money next summer.
Write W. E. Judge, 24 California
street, San Francisco.
We have a clean cut selling propo
sition which appeals to high grade
men. No house to house work—
strictly business. Last Xmas a fresh
man without previous experience made
$200. We are going to start a few
men this Xmas vacation so that they
will he in good shape for making
money next summer.
Write W. E. Judge, 24 California
street, San Francisco.
We have a clean cut selling propo
sition which appeals to high grade
men. No house to house work—
strictly business. Last Xmas a fresh
man without previous experience made
$200. We are going to start a few
men this Xmas vacation so that they
will he in good shape for making
money next summer.
Write W. E. Judge, 24 California
street, San Francisco.
We have a clean cut selling propo
sition which appeals to high grade
men. No house to house work—
strictly business. Last Xmas a fresh
man without previous experience made
$200. We are going to start a few
men this Xmas vacation so that they
will he in good shape for making
money next summer.
Write W. E. Judge, 24 California
street, San Francisco.
We have a clean cut selling propo
sition which appeals to high grade
men. No house to house work—
strictly business. Last Xmas a fresh
man without previous experience made
$200. We are going to start a few
men this Xmas vacation so that they
will he in good shape for making
money next summer.
Write W. E. Judge, 24 California
street, San Francisco.
We have a clean cut selling propo
sition which appeals to high grade
men. No house to house work—
strictly business. Last Xmas a fresh
man without previous experience made
$200. We are going to start a few
men this Xmas vacation so that they
will he in good shape for making
money next summer.
Write W. E. Judge, 24 California
street, San Francisco.
We have a clean cut selling propo
sition which appeals to high grade
men. No house to house work—
strictly business. Last Xmas a fresh
man without previous experience made
$200. We are going to start a few
men this Xmas vacation so that they
will he in good shape for making
money next summer.
Write W. E. Judge, 24 California
street, San Francisco.
We have a clean cut selling propo
sition which appeals to high grade
men. No house to house work—
strictly business. Last Xmas a fresh
man without previous experience made
$200. We are going to start a few
men this Xmas vacation so that they
will he in good shape for making
money next summer.
Write W. E. Judge, 24 California
street, San Francisco.
We have a clean cut selling propo
sition which appeals to high grade
men. No house to house work—
strictly business. Last Xmas a fresh
man without previous experience made
$200. We are going to start a few
men this Xmas vacation so that they
will he in good shape for making
money next summer.
Write W. E. Judge, 24 California
street, San Francisco.
