# Inter-Club Series Ends Saturday.
## 
### 
Stanford Field will be the scene,
Saturday, of the final same of the
interclub football series, when the
Breakers fifteen and the Palo Alto
team clash at 2:30 in what promises
to be a very close and exciting con
test. Coach George Presley will
referee. An admission fee of twenty
five cents is to be charged, the pro
ceeds to go to the Stanford Union.
Stanford Field will be the scene,
Saturday, of the final same of the
interclub football series, when the
Breakers fifteen and the Palo Alto
team clash at 2:30 in what promises
to be a very close and exciting con
test. Coach George Presley will
referee. An admission fee of twenty
five cents is to be charged, the pro
ceeds to go to the Stanford Union.
Stanford Field will be the scene,
Saturday, of the final same of the
interclub football series, when the
Breakers fifteen and the Palo Alto
team clash at 2:30 in what promises
to be a very close and exciting con
test. Coach George Presley will
referee. An admission fee of twenty
five cents is to be charged, the pro
ceeds to go to the Stanford Union.
Stanford Field will be the scene,
Saturday, of the final same of the
interclub football series, when the
Breakers fifteen and the Palo Alto
team clash at 2:30 in what promises
to be a very close and exciting con
test. Coach George Presley will
referee. An admission fee of twenty
five cents is to be charged, the pro
ceeds to go to the Stanford Union.
Stanford Field will be the scene,
Saturday, of the final same of the
interclub football series, when the
Breakers fifteen and the Palo Alto
team clash at 2:30 in what promises
to be a very close and exciting con
test. Coach George Presley will
referee. An admission fee of twenty
five cents is to be charged, the pro
ceeds to go to the Stanford Union.
Stanford Field will be the scene,
Saturday, of the final same of the
interclub football series, when the
Breakers fifteen and the Palo Alto
team clash at 2:30 in what promises
to be a very close and exciting con
test. Coach George Presley will
referee. An admission fee of twenty
five cents is to be charged, the pro
ceeds to go to the Stanford Union.
Stanford Field will be the scene,
Saturday, of the final same of the
interclub football series, when the
Breakers fifteen and the Palo Alto
team clash at 2:30 in what promises
to be a very close and exciting con
test. Coach George Presley will
referee. An admission fee of twenty
five cents is to be charged, the pro
ceeds to go to the Stanford Union.
Stanford Field will be the scene,
Saturday, of the final same of the
interclub football series, when the
Breakers fifteen and the Palo Alto
team clash at 2:30 in what promises
to be a very close and exciting con
test. Coach George Presley will
referee. An admission fee of twenty
five cents is to be charged, the pro
ceeds to go to the Stanford Union.
Stanford Field will be the scene,
Saturday, of the final same of the
interclub football series, when the
Breakers fifteen and the Palo Alto
team clash at 2:30 in what promises
to be a very close and exciting con
test. Coach George Presley will
referee. An admission fee of twenty
five cents is to be charged, the pro
ceeds to go to the Stanford Union.
Stanford Field will be the scene,
Saturday, of the final same of the
interclub football series, when the
Breakers fifteen and the Palo Alto
team clash at 2:30 in what promises
to be a very close and exciting con
test. Coach George Presley will
referee. An admission fee of twenty
five cents is to be charged, the pro
ceeds to go to the Stanford Union.
Stanford Field will be the scene,
Saturday, of the final same of the
interclub football series, when the
Breakers fifteen and the Palo Alto
team clash at 2:30 in what promises
to be a very close and exciting con
test. Coach George Presley will
referee. An admission fee of twenty
five cents is to be charged, the pro
ceeds to go to the Stanford Union.
Stanford Field will be the scene,
Saturday, of the final same of the
interclub football series, when the
Breakers fifteen and the Palo Alto
team clash at 2:30 in what promises
to be a very close and exciting con
test. Coach George Presley will
referee. An admission fee of twenty
five cents is to be charged, the pro
ceeds to go to the Stanford Union.
