# MARRIAGE ANNOUNCEMENT
## 
### 
Announcement of the marriage of
Monroe P. Rubin, '36, of Los Ange
les, and Miss Betty Winkler, of
Poughkeepsie, N.Y., was made dur
ing the Big Game festivities at a
city hotel Saturday night.
Announcement of the marriage of
Monroe P. Rubin, '36, of Los Ange
les, and Miss Betty Winkler, of
Poughkeepsie, N.Y., was made dur
ing the Big Game festivities at a
city hotel Saturday night.
Announcement of the marriage of
Monroe P. Rubin, '36, of Los Ange
les, and Miss Betty Winkler, of
Poughkeepsie, N.Y., was made dur
ing the Big Game festivities at a
city hotel Saturday night.
Announcement of the marriage of
Monroe P. Rubin, '36, of Los Ange
les, and Miss Betty Winkler, of
Poughkeepsie, N.Y., was made dur
ing the Big Game festivities at a
city hotel Saturday night.
Announcement of the marriage of
Monroe P. Rubin, '36, of Los Ange
les, and Miss Betty Winkler, of
Poughkeepsie, N.Y., was made dur
ing the Big Game festivities at a
city hotel Saturday night.
Announcement of the marriage of
Monroe P. Rubin, '36, of Los Ange
les, and Miss Betty Winkler, of
Poughkeepsie, N.Y., was made dur
ing the Big Game festivities at a
city hotel Saturday night.
Announcement of the marriage of
Monroe P. Rubin, '36, of Los Ange
les, and Miss Betty Winkler, of
Poughkeepsie, N.Y., was made dur
ing the Big Game festivities at a
city hotel Saturday night.
Announcement of the marriage of
Monroe P. Rubin, '36, of Los Ange
les, and Miss Betty Winkler, of
Poughkeepsie, N.Y., was made dur
ing the Big Game festivities at a
city hotel Saturday night.
Announcement of the marriage of
Monroe P. Rubin, '36, of Los Ange
les, and Miss Betty Winkler, of
Poughkeepsie, N.Y., was made dur
ing the Big Game festivities at a
city hotel Saturday night.
Announcement of the marriage of
Monroe P. Rubin, '36, of Los Ange
les, and Miss Betty Winkler, of
Poughkeepsie, N.Y., was made dur
ing the Big Game festivities at a
city hotel Saturday night.
Announcement of the marriage of
Monroe P. Rubin, '36, of Los Ange
les, and Miss Betty Winkler, of
Poughkeepsie, N.Y., was made dur
ing the Big Game festivities at a
city hotel Saturday night.
Announcement of the marriage of
Monroe P. Rubin, '36, of Los Ange
les, and Miss Betty Winkler, of
Poughkeepsie, N.Y., was made dur
ing the Big Game festivities at a
city hotel Saturday night.
Announcement of the marriage of
Monroe P. Rubin, '36, of Los Ange
les, and Miss Betty Winkler, of
Poughkeepsie, N.Y., was made dur
ing the Big Game festivities at a
city hotel Saturday night.
Announcement of the marriage of
Monroe P. Rubin, '36, of Los Ange
les, and Miss Betty Winkler, of
Poughkeepsie, N.Y., was made dur
ing the Big Game festivities at a
city hotel Saturday night.
Announcement of the marriage of
Monroe P. Rubin, '36, of Los Ange
les, and Miss Betty Winkler, of
Poughkeepsie, N.Y., was made dur
ing the Big Game festivities at a
city hotel Saturday night.
