# CLASSES DISMISSED
## 
### 
Professor LaPiere will not meet
his classes today.

Anti-war demonstrations by colle
gians of Amherst, Massachusetts
State, Smith, and Mount Holyoke,
have been protested by the Ameri
can Legion, discouraged by police.
Professor LaPiere will not meet
his classes today.

Anti-war demonstrations by colle
gians of Amherst, Massachusetts
State, Smith, and Mount Holyoke,
have been protested by the Ameri
can Legion, discouraged by police.
Professor LaPiere will not meet
his classes today.

Anti-war demonstrations by colle
gians of Amherst, Massachusetts
State, Smith, and Mount Holyoke,
have been protested by the Ameri
can Legion, discouraged by police.
Professor LaPiere will not meet
his classes today.

Anti-war demonstrations by colle
gians of Amherst, Massachusetts
State, Smith, and Mount Holyoke,
have been protested by the Ameri
can Legion, discouraged by police.
Professor LaPiere will not meet
his classes today.

Anti-war demonstrations by colle
gians of Amherst, Massachusetts
State, Smith, and Mount Holyoke,
have been protested by the Ameri
can Legion, discouraged by police.
Professor LaPiere will not meet
his classes today.

Anti-war demonstrations by colle
gians of Amherst, Massachusetts
State, Smith, and Mount Holyoke,
have been protested by the Ameri
can Legion, discouraged by police.
Professor LaPiere will not meet
his classes today.

Anti-war demonstrations by colle
gians of Amherst, Massachusetts
State, Smith, and Mount Holyoke,
have been protested by the Ameri
can Legion, discouraged by police.
Professor LaPiere will not meet
his classes today.

Anti-war demonstrations by colle
gians of Amherst, Massachusetts
State, Smith, and Mount Holyoke,
have been protested by the Ameri
can Legion, discouraged by police.
Professor LaPiere will not meet
his classes today.

Anti-war demonstrations by colle
gians of Amherst, Massachusetts
State, Smith, and Mount Holyoke,
have been protested by the Ameri
can Legion, discouraged by police.
Professor LaPiere will not meet
his classes today.

Anti-war demonstrations by colle
gians of Amherst, Massachusetts
State, Smith, and Mount Holyoke,
have been protested by the Ameri
can Legion, discouraged by police.
Professor LaPiere will not meet
his classes today.

Anti-war demonstrations by colle
gians of Amherst, Massachusetts
State, Smith, and Mount Holyoke,
have been protested by the Ameri
can Legion, discouraged by police.
Professor LaPiere will not meet
his classes today.

Anti-war demonstrations by colle
gians of Amherst, Massachusetts
State, Smith, and Mount Holyoke,
have been protested by the Ameri
can Legion, discouraged by police.
Professor LaPiere will not meet
his classes today.

Anti-war demonstrations by colle
gians of Amherst, Massachusetts
State, Smith, and Mount Holyoke,
have been protested by the Ameri
can Legion, discouraged by police.
Professor LaPiere will not meet
his classes today.

Anti-war demonstrations by colle
gians of Amherst, Massachusetts
State, Smith, and Mount Holyoke,
have been protested by the Ameri
can Legion, discouraged by police.
Professor LaPiere will not meet
his classes today.

Anti-war demonstrations by colle
gians of Amherst, Massachusetts
State, Smith, and Mount Holyoke,
have been protested by the Ameri
can Legion, discouraged by police.
