# FREE XMAS BUSES
## 
### 
Free bus service downtown every
Saturday morning until Christmas is
sponsored by merchants of Corval
lis, Ore., to coax reluctant campus
ites to "do their Christmas shopping
i early."
Free bus service downtown every
Saturday morning until Christmas is
sponsored by merchants of Corval
lis, Ore., to coax reluctant campus
ites to "do their Christmas shopping
i early."
Free bus service downtown every
Saturday morning until Christmas is
sponsored by merchants of Corval
lis, Ore., to coax reluctant campus
ites to "do their Christmas shopping
i early."
Free bus service downtown every
Saturday morning until Christmas is
sponsored by merchants of Corval
lis, Ore., to coax reluctant campus
ites to "do their Christmas shopping
i early."
Free bus service downtown every
Saturday morning until Christmas is
sponsored by merchants of Corval
lis, Ore., to coax reluctant campus
ites to "do their Christmas shopping
i early."
Free bus service downtown every
Saturday morning until Christmas is
sponsored by merchants of Corval
lis, Ore., to coax reluctant campus
ites to "do their Christmas shopping
i early."
Free bus service downtown every
Saturday morning until Christmas is
sponsored by merchants of Corval
lis, Ore., to coax reluctant campus
ites to "do their Christmas shopping
i early."
Free bus service downtown every
Saturday morning until Christmas is
sponsored by merchants of Corval
lis, Ore., to coax reluctant campus
ites to "do their Christmas shopping
i early."
Free bus service downtown every
Saturday morning until Christmas is
sponsored by merchants of Corval
lis, Ore., to coax reluctant campus
ites to "do their Christmas shopping
i early."
Free bus service downtown every
Saturday morning until Christmas is
sponsored by merchants of Corval
lis, Ore., to coax reluctant campus
ites to "do their Christmas shopping
i early."
Free bus service downtown every
Saturday morning until Christmas is
sponsored by merchants of Corval
lis, Ore., to coax reluctant campus
ites to "do their Christmas shopping
i early."
Free bus service downtown every
Saturday morning until Christmas is
sponsored by merchants of Corval
lis, Ore., to coax reluctant campus
ites to "do their Christmas shopping
i early."
Free bus service downtown every
Saturday morning until Christmas is
sponsored by merchants of Corval
lis, Ore., to coax reluctant campus
ites to "do their Christmas shopping
i early."
Free bus service downtown every
Saturday morning until Christmas is
sponsored by merchants of Corval
lis, Ore., to coax reluctant campus
ites to "do their Christmas shopping
i early."
Free bus service downtown every
Saturday morning until Christmas is
sponsored by merchants of Corval
lis, Ore., to coax reluctant campus
ites to "do their Christmas shopping
i early."
