# German Players Will Present Drama Dec. 6
## 
### 
Under direction of . the scholarly
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, the German
Players of Stanford University are
working on "Das Apostel Spiel," a
drama by the Austrian playwright,
Max Mel I. They are to present the
play Wednesday, December 6, at 7:30
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Mem
bers of the cast are: Henry C. Lind
gren, Isabel R. Howell, Adolph Zech,
and Llewellyn McKay.
Under direction of . the scholarly
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, the German
Players of Stanford University are
working on "Das Apostel Spiel," a
drama by the Austrian playwright,
Max Mel I. They are to present the
play Wednesday, December 6, at 7:30
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Mem
bers of the cast are: Henry C. Lind
gren, Isabel R. Howell, Adolph Zech,
and Llewellyn McKay.
Under direction of . the scholarly
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, the German
Players of Stanford University are
working on "Das Apostel Spiel," a
drama by the Austrian playwright,
Max Mel I. They are to present the
play Wednesday, December 6, at 7:30
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Mem
bers of the cast are: Henry C. Lind
gren, Isabel R. Howell, Adolph Zech,
and Llewellyn McKay.
Under direction of . the scholarly
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, the German
Players of Stanford University are
working on "Das Apostel Spiel," a
drama by the Austrian playwright,
Max Mel I. They are to present the
play Wednesday, December 6, at 7:30
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Mem
bers of the cast are: Henry C. Lind
gren, Isabel R. Howell, Adolph Zech,
and Llewellyn McKay.
Under direction of . the scholarly
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, the German
Players of Stanford University are
working on "Das Apostel Spiel," a
drama by the Austrian playwright,
Max Mel I. They are to present the
play Wednesday, December 6, at 7:30
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Mem
bers of the cast are: Henry C. Lind
gren, Isabel R. Howell, Adolph Zech,
and Llewellyn McKay.
Under direction of . the scholarly
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, the German
Players of Stanford University are
working on "Das Apostel Spiel," a
drama by the Austrian playwright,
Max Mel I. They are to present the
play Wednesday, December 6, at 7:30
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Mem
bers of the cast are: Henry C. Lind
gren, Isabel R. Howell, Adolph Zech,
and Llewellyn McKay.
Under direction of . the scholarly
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, the German
Players of Stanford University are
working on "Das Apostel Spiel," a
drama by the Austrian playwright,
Max Mel I. They are to present the
play Wednesday, December 6, at 7:30
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Mem
bers of the cast are: Henry C. Lind
gren, Isabel R. Howell, Adolph Zech,
and Llewellyn McKay.
Under direction of . the scholarly
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, the German
Players of Stanford University are
working on "Das Apostel Spiel," a
drama by the Austrian playwright,
Max Mel I. They are to present the
play Wednesday, December 6, at 7:30
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Mem
bers of the cast are: Henry C. Lind
gren, Isabel R. Howell, Adolph Zech,
and Llewellyn McKay.
Under direction of . the scholarly
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, the German
Players of Stanford University are
working on "Das Apostel Spiel," a
drama by the Austrian playwright,
Max Mel I. They are to present the
play Wednesday, December 6, at 7:30
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Mem
bers of the cast are: Henry C. Lind
gren, Isabel R. Howell, Adolph Zech,
and Llewellyn McKay.
Under direction of . the scholarly
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, the German
Players of Stanford University are
working on "Das Apostel Spiel," a
drama by the Austrian playwright,
Max Mel I. They are to present the
play Wednesday, December 6, at 7:30
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Mem
bers of the cast are: Henry C. Lind
gren, Isabel R. Howell, Adolph Zech,
and Llewellyn McKay.
Under direction of . the scholarly
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, the German
Players of Stanford University are
working on "Das Apostel Spiel," a
drama by the Austrian playwright,
Max Mel I. They are to present the
play Wednesday, December 6, at 7:30
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Mem
bers of the cast are: Henry C. Lind
gren, Isabel R. Howell, Adolph Zech,
and Llewellyn McKay.
Under direction of . the scholarly
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, the German
Players of Stanford University are
working on "Das Apostel Spiel," a
drama by the Austrian playwright,
Max Mel I. They are to present the
play Wednesday, December 6, at 7:30
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Mem
bers of the cast are: Henry C. Lind
gren, Isabel R. Howell, Adolph Zech,
and Llewellyn McKay.
Under direction of . the scholarly
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, the German
Players of Stanford University are
working on "Das Apostel Spiel," a
drama by the Austrian playwright,
Max Mel I. They are to present the
play Wednesday, December 6, at 7:30
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Mem
bers of the cast are: Henry C. Lind
gren, Isabel R. Howell, Adolph Zech,
and Llewellyn McKay.
Under direction of . the scholarly
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, the German
Players of Stanford University are
working on "Das Apostel Spiel," a
drama by the Austrian playwright,
Max Mel I. They are to present the
play Wednesday, December 6, at 7:30
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Mem
bers of the cast are: Henry C. Lind
gren, Isabel R. Howell, Adolph Zech,
and Llewellyn McKay.
Under direction of . the scholarly
Dr. Kurt F. Reinhardt, the German
Players of Stanford University are
working on "Das Apostel Spiel," a
drama by the Austrian playwright,
Max Mel I. They are to present the
play Wednesday, December 6, at 7:30
o'clock in the Little Theatre. Mem
bers of the cast are: Henry C. Lind
gren, Isabel R. Howell, Adolph Zech,
and Llewellyn McKay.
