# Gold Jumps Again
## 
### 
After a week of no change R.F.C.
upped the price of gold nine cents
to $33.85. Resumption of dollar de
preciation through the medium of
its gold price boosted foreign ex
change rates against the dollar,
caused a set back for the recently
; stronger government bond market,
and resulted in upturns in shares
and staples.
After a week of no change R.F.C.
upped the price of gold nine cents
to $33.85. Resumption of dollar de
preciation through the medium of
its gold price boosted foreign ex
change rates against the dollar,
caused a set back for the recently
; stronger government bond market,
and resulted in upturns in shares
and staples.
After a week of no change R.F.C.
upped the price of gold nine cents
to $33.85. Resumption of dollar de
preciation through the medium of
its gold price boosted foreign ex
change rates against the dollar,
caused a set back for the recently
; stronger government bond market,
and resulted in upturns in shares
and staples.
After a week of no change R.F.C.
upped the price of gold nine cents
to $33.85. Resumption of dollar de
preciation through the medium of
its gold price boosted foreign ex
change rates against the dollar,
caused a set back for the recently
; stronger government bond market,
and resulted in upturns in shares
and staples.
After a week of no change R.F.C.
upped the price of gold nine cents
to $33.85. Resumption of dollar de
preciation through the medium of
its gold price boosted foreign ex
change rates against the dollar,
caused a set back for the recently
; stronger government bond market,
and resulted in upturns in shares
and staples.
After a week of no change R.F.C.
upped the price of gold nine cents
to $33.85. Resumption of dollar de
preciation through the medium of
its gold price boosted foreign ex
change rates against the dollar,
caused a set back for the recently
; stronger government bond market,
and resulted in upturns in shares
and staples.
After a week of no change R.F.C.
upped the price of gold nine cents
to $33.85. Resumption of dollar de
preciation through the medium of
its gold price boosted foreign ex
change rates against the dollar,
caused a set back for the recently
; stronger government bond market,
and resulted in upturns in shares
and staples.
After a week of no change R.F.C.
upped the price of gold nine cents
to $33.85. Resumption of dollar de
preciation through the medium of
its gold price boosted foreign ex
change rates against the dollar,
caused a set back for the recently
; stronger government bond market,
and resulted in upturns in shares
and staples.
After a week of no change R.F.C.
upped the price of gold nine cents
to $33.85. Resumption of dollar de
preciation through the medium of
its gold price boosted foreign ex
change rates against the dollar,
caused a set back for the recently
; stronger government bond market,
and resulted in upturns in shares
and staples.
After a week of no change R.F.C.
upped the price of gold nine cents
to $33.85. Resumption of dollar de
preciation through the medium of
its gold price boosted foreign ex
change rates against the dollar,
caused a set back for the recently
; stronger government bond market,
and resulted in upturns in shares
and staples.
After a week of no change R.F.C.
upped the price of gold nine cents
to $33.85. Resumption of dollar de
preciation through the medium of
its gold price boosted foreign ex
change rates against the dollar,
caused a set back for the recently
; stronger government bond market,
and resulted in upturns in shares
and staples.
After a week of no change R.F.C.
upped the price of gold nine cents
to $33.85. Resumption of dollar de
preciation through the medium of
its gold price boosted foreign ex
change rates against the dollar,
caused a set back for the recently
; stronger government bond market,
and resulted in upturns in shares
and staples.
After a week of no change R.F.C.
upped the price of gold nine cents
to $33.85. Resumption of dollar de
preciation through the medium of
its gold price boosted foreign ex
change rates against the dollar,
caused a set back for the recently
; stronger government bond market,
and resulted in upturns in shares
and staples.
After a week of no change R.F.C.
upped the price of gold nine cents
to $33.85. Resumption of dollar de
preciation through the medium of
its gold price boosted foreign ex
change rates against the dollar,
caused a set back for the recently
; stronger government bond market,
and resulted in upturns in shares
and staples.
After a week of no change R.F.C.
upped the price of gold nine cents
to $33.85. Resumption of dollar de
preciation through the medium of
its gold price boosted foreign ex
change rates against the dollar,
caused a set back for the recently
; stronger government bond market,
and resulted in upturns in shares
and staples.
