# Quits U. S. Post
## 
### 

Dr. O. M. W. Sprague, American
who formerly held an important
post with the Bank of England,
recently resigned his position as
special monetary adviser to the
United States after announcing
disagreement with the administra
tion's gold purchasing program.

Dr. O. M. W. Sprague, American
who formerly held an important
post with the Bank of England,
recently resigned his position as
special monetary adviser to the
United States after announcing
disagreement with the administra
tion's gold purchasing program.

Dr. O. M. W. Sprague, American
who formerly held an important
post with the Bank of England,
recently resigned his position as
special monetary adviser to the
United States after announcing
disagreement with the administra
tion's gold purchasing program.

Dr. O. M. W. Sprague, American
who formerly held an important
post with the Bank of England,
recently resigned his position as
special monetary adviser to the
United States after announcing
disagreement with the administra
tion's gold purchasing program.

Dr. O. M. W. Sprague, American
who formerly held an important
post with the Bank of England,
recently resigned his position as
special monetary adviser to the
United States after announcing
disagreement with the administra
tion's gold purchasing program.

Dr. O. M. W. Sprague, American
who formerly held an important
post with the Bank of England,
recently resigned his position as
special monetary adviser to the
United States after announcing
disagreement with the administra
tion's gold purchasing program.

Dr. O. M. W. Sprague, American
who formerly held an important
post with the Bank of England,
recently resigned his position as
special monetary adviser to the
United States after announcing
disagreement with the administra
tion's gold purchasing program.

Dr. O. M. W. Sprague, American
who formerly held an important
post with the Bank of England,
recently resigned his position as
special monetary adviser to the
United States after announcing
disagreement with the administra
tion's gold purchasing program.

Dr. O. M. W. Sprague, American
who formerly held an important
post with the Bank of England,
recently resigned his position as
special monetary adviser to the
United States after announcing
disagreement with the administra
tion's gold purchasing program.

Dr. O. M. W. Sprague, American
who formerly held an important
post with the Bank of England,
recently resigned his position as
special monetary adviser to the
United States after announcing
disagreement with the administra
tion's gold purchasing program.

Dr. O. M. W. Sprague, American
who formerly held an important
post with the Bank of England,
recently resigned his position as
special monetary adviser to the
United States after announcing
disagreement with the administra
tion's gold purchasing program.

Dr. O. M. W. Sprague, American
who formerly held an important
post with the Bank of England,
recently resigned his position as
special monetary adviser to the
United States after announcing
disagreement with the administra
tion's gold purchasing program.

Dr. O. M. W. Sprague, American
who formerly held an important
post with the Bank of England,
recently resigned his position as
special monetary adviser to the
United States after announcing
disagreement with the administra
tion's gold purchasing program.

Dr. O. M. W. Sprague, American
who formerly held an important
post with the Bank of England,
recently resigned his position as
special monetary adviser to the
United States after announcing
disagreement with the administra
tion's gold purchasing program.

Dr. O. M. W. Sprague, American
who formerly held an important
post with the Bank of England,
recently resigned his position as
special monetary adviser to the
United States after announcing
disagreement with the administra
tion's gold purchasing program.
