# Nazis Forced Jews to Pay Deport Costs
## 
### 
NUERNBERG, Feb. 5 (UP).-
French Prosecutor Edgar Faure told
the War Crimes Tribunal today that
Nazi authorities in France made
Jews pay the expenses of their own
deportation to the concentration
camps where hundreds met death.
Faure outlined the cold thorough
ness with which the Germans ap
proached the subject of hostage ex
ecutions, persecutions of Jews, and
the debasement or mutilation of na
tional cultures through skilfully
contrived propaganda.
He quoted reports from S.S. offi
cers to support his Jewish persecu
tion charges. One said that French
Jews must pay their own deporta
tion expenses. Then, because they
were leaving France, they would be
deprived of their nationalities.
NUERNBERG, Feb. 5 (UP).-
French Prosecutor Edgar Faure told
the War Crimes Tribunal today that
Nazi authorities in France made
Jews pay the expenses of their own
deportation to the concentration
camps where hundreds met death.
Faure outlined the cold thorough
ness with which the Germans ap
proached the subject of hostage ex
ecutions, persecutions of Jews, and
the debasement or mutilation of na
tional cultures through skilfully
contrived propaganda.
He quoted reports from S.S. offi
cers to support his Jewish persecu
tion charges. One said that French
Jews must pay their own deporta
tion expenses. Then, because they
were leaving France, they would be
deprived of their nationalities.
NUERNBERG, Feb. 5 (UP).-
French Prosecutor Edgar Faure told
the War Crimes Tribunal today that
Nazi authorities in France made
Jews pay the expenses of their own
deportation to the concentration
camps where hundreds met death.
Faure outlined the cold thorough
ness with which the Germans ap
proached the subject of hostage ex
ecutions, persecutions of Jews, and
the debasement or mutilation of na
tional cultures through skilfully
contrived propaganda.
He quoted reports from S.S. offi
cers to support his Jewish persecu
tion charges. One said that French
Jews must pay their own deporta
tion expenses. Then, because they
were leaving France, they would be
deprived of their nationalities.
NUERNBERG, Feb. 5 (UP).-
French Prosecutor Edgar Faure told
the War Crimes Tribunal today that
Nazi authorities in France made
Jews pay the expenses of their own
deportation to the concentration
camps where hundreds met death.
Faure outlined the cold thorough
ness with which the Germans ap
proached the subject of hostage ex
ecutions, persecutions of Jews, and
the debasement or mutilation of na
tional cultures through skilfully
contrived propaganda.
He quoted reports from S.S. offi
cers to support his Jewish persecu
tion charges. One said that French
Jews must pay their own deporta
tion expenses. Then, because they
were leaving France, they would be
deprived of their nationalities.
NUERNBERG, Feb. 5 (UP).-
French Prosecutor Edgar Faure told
the War Crimes Tribunal today that
Nazi authorities in France made
Jews pay the expenses of their own
deportation to the concentration
camps where hundreds met death.
Faure outlined the cold thorough
ness with which the Germans ap
proached the subject of hostage ex
ecutions, persecutions of Jews, and
the debasement or mutilation of na
tional cultures through skilfully
contrived propaganda.
He quoted reports from S.S. offi
cers to support his Jewish persecu
tion charges. One said that French
Jews must pay their own deporta
tion expenses. Then, because they
were leaving France, they would be
deprived of their nationalities.
NUERNBERG, Feb. 5 (UP).-
French Prosecutor Edgar Faure told
the War Crimes Tribunal today that
Nazi authorities in France made
Jews pay the expenses of their own
deportation to the concentration
camps where hundreds met death.
Faure outlined the cold thorough
ness with which the Germans ap
proached the subject of hostage ex
ecutions, persecutions of Jews, and
the debasement or mutilation of na
tional cultures through skilfully
contrived propaganda.
He quoted reports from S.S. offi
cers to support his Jewish persecu
tion charges. One said that French
Jews must pay their own deporta
tion expenses. Then, because they
were leaving France, they would be
deprived of their nationalities.
NUERNBERG, Feb. 5 (UP).-
French Prosecutor Edgar Faure told
the War Crimes Tribunal today that
Nazi authorities in France made
Jews pay the expenses of their own
deportation to the concentration
camps where hundreds met death.
Faure outlined the cold thorough
ness with which the Germans ap
proached the subject of hostage ex
ecutions, persecutions of Jews, and
the debasement or mutilation of na
tional cultures through skilfully
contrived propaganda.
He quoted reports from S.S. offi
cers to support his Jewish persecu
tion charges. One said that French
Jews must pay their own deporta
tion expenses. Then, because they
were leaving France, they would be
deprived of their nationalities.
NUERNBERG, Feb. 5 (UP).-
French Prosecutor Edgar Faure told
the War Crimes Tribunal today that
Nazi authorities in France made
Jews pay the expenses of their own
deportation to the concentration
camps where hundreds met death.
Faure outlined the cold thorough
ness with which the Germans ap
proached the subject of hostage ex
ecutions, persecutions of Jews, and
the debasement or mutilation of na
tional cultures through skilfully
contrived propaganda.
He quoted reports from S.S. offi
cers to support his Jewish persecu
tion charges. One said that French
Jews must pay their own deporta
tion expenses. Then, because they
were leaving France, they would be
deprived of their nationalities.
NUERNBERG, Feb. 5 (UP).-
French Prosecutor Edgar Faure told
the War Crimes Tribunal today that
Nazi authorities in France made
Jews pay the expenses of their own
deportation to the concentration
camps where hundreds met death.
Faure outlined the cold thorough
ness with which the Germans ap
proached the subject of hostage ex
ecutions, persecutions of Jews, and
the debasement or mutilation of na
tional cultures through skilfully
contrived propaganda.
He quoted reports from S.S. offi
cers to support his Jewish persecu
tion charges. One said that French
Jews must pay their own deporta
tion expenses. Then, because they
were leaving France, they would be
deprived of their nationalities.
NUERNBERG, Feb. 5 (UP).-
French Prosecutor Edgar Faure told
the War Crimes Tribunal today that
Nazi authorities in France made
Jews pay the expenses of their own
deportation to the concentration
camps where hundreds met death.
Faure outlined the cold thorough
ness with which the Germans ap
proached the subject of hostage ex
ecutions, persecutions of Jews, and
the debasement or mutilation of na
tional cultures through skilfully
contrived propaganda.
He quoted reports from S.S. offi
cers to support his Jewish persecu
tion charges. One said that French
Jews must pay their own deporta
tion expenses. Then, because they
were leaving France, they would be
deprived of their nationalities.
NUERNBERG, Feb. 5 (UP).-
French Prosecutor Edgar Faure told
the War Crimes Tribunal today that
Nazi authorities in France made
Jews pay the expenses of their own
deportation to the concentration
camps where hundreds met death.
Faure outlined the cold thorough
ness with which the Germans ap
proached the subject of hostage ex
ecutions, persecutions of Jews, and
the debasement or mutilation of na
tional cultures through skilfully
contrived propaganda.
He quoted reports from S.S. offi
cers to support his Jewish persecu
tion charges. One said that French
Jews must pay their own deporta
tion expenses. Then, because they
were leaving France, they would be
deprived of their nationalities.
NUERNBERG, Feb. 5 (UP).-
French Prosecutor Edgar Faure told
the War Crimes Tribunal today that
Nazi authorities in France made
Jews pay the expenses of their own
deportation to the concentration
camps where hundreds met death.
Faure outlined the cold thorough
ness with which the Germans ap
proached the subject of hostage ex
ecutions, persecutions of Jews, and
the debasement or mutilation of na
tional cultures through skilfully
contrived propaganda.
He quoted reports from S.S. offi
cers to support his Jewish persecu
tion charges. One said that French
Jews must pay their own deporta
tion expenses. Then, because they
were leaving France, they would be
deprived of their nationalities.
NUERNBERG, Feb. 5 (UP).-
French Prosecutor Edgar Faure told
the War Crimes Tribunal today that
Nazi authorities in France made
Jews pay the expenses of their own
deportation to the concentration
camps where hundreds met death.
Faure outlined the cold thorough
ness with which the Germans ap
proached the subject of hostage ex
ecutions, persecutions of Jews, and
the debasement or mutilation of na
tional cultures through skilfully
contrived propaganda.
He quoted reports from S.S. offi
cers to support his Jewish persecu
tion charges. One said that French
Jews must pay their own deporta
tion expenses. Then, because they
were leaving France, they would be
deprived of their nationalities.
NUERNBERG, Feb. 5 (UP).-
French Prosecutor Edgar Faure told
the War Crimes Tribunal today that
Nazi authorities in France made
Jews pay the expenses of their own
deportation to the concentration
camps where hundreds met death.
Faure outlined the cold thorough
ness with which the Germans ap
proached the subject of hostage ex
ecutions, persecutions of Jews, and
the debasement or mutilation of na
tional cultures through skilfully
contrived propaganda.
He quoted reports from S.S. offi
cers to support his Jewish persecu
tion charges. One said that French
Jews must pay their own deporta
tion expenses. Then, because they
were leaving France, they would be
deprived of their nationalities.
NUERNBERG, Feb. 5 (UP).-
French Prosecutor Edgar Faure told
the War Crimes Tribunal today that
Nazi authorities in France made
Jews pay the expenses of their own
deportation to the concentration
camps where hundreds met death.
Faure outlined the cold thorough
ness with which the Germans ap
proached the subject of hostage ex
ecutions, persecutions of Jews, and
the debasement or mutilation of na
tional cultures through skilfully
contrived propaganda.
He quoted reports from S.S. offi
cers to support his Jewish persecu
tion charges. One said that French
Jews must pay their own deporta
tion expenses. Then, because they
were leaving France, they would be
deprived of their nationalities.
