# Hoover Libe Open Sunday To Students
## 
### 
Under the sponsorship of Cardi
nals, the Hoover War Library will
be open to all students Sunday
afternoon from 2:30 to 5, it was de
cided at Cardinals meeting last
night, according to Cardinals presi
dent Joan McDonough.
Students will be able to go to the
top of the Library, Charmian Kolar,
A.S.S.U. vice-president and Car
dinals member, said. It is not yet
decided who will usher for the af
lernoon.
In a short meeting, Cardinals dis
cussed plans for the Sadie Hawkins
dance, scheduled for Saturday night
from 9 to 1.
Also on the agenda was a dis
cussion ' of Stanford's Red Bain,
Farm stables, which is once more
under preparation for a spring
quarter opening. Cardinals mem
bers will tour the barn next Tues
day with Dr. Tresidder, Miss Kolar
said.
Cardinals also posed for a Quad
photographer for a picture to ap
pear in the 1946 Quad. Members
of Cardinals are Miss McDonough,
Miss Kolar, A.S.S.U. President Bob
Kennedy, Marylou McClure, Ric
Supple, Ed Luce, Nancy Banning,
Lyle Davis, Ann Lilienthal, and
Jack Wallace.
