# Palmer Hoyt Becomes Denver Post Editor
## 
### 
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 5 (UP).—
Palmer Hoyt, nationally known
newspaperman and publisher of the
Portland Oregonian since 1938, re
signed as publisher of the paper to
day to accept a position as editor
and publisher of the Denver Post,
leading newspaper of the intermoun
tain region.
Hoyt's resignation, severing his
20-year connection with the O're
gonion has been submitted to the
board of directors. A successor has
not been chosen.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 5 (UP).—
Palmer Hoyt, nationally known
newspaperman and publisher of the
Portland Oregonian since 1938, re
signed as publisher of the paper to
day to accept a position as editor
and publisher of the Denver Post,
leading newspaper of the intermoun
tain region.
Hoyt's resignation, severing his
20-year connection with the O're
gonion has been submitted to the
board of directors. A successor has
not been chosen.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 5 (UP).—
Palmer Hoyt, nationally known
newspaperman and publisher of the
Portland Oregonian since 1938, re
signed as publisher of the paper to
day to accept a position as editor
and publisher of the Denver Post,
leading newspaper of the intermoun
tain region.
Hoyt's resignation, severing his
20-year connection with the O're
gonion has been submitted to the
board of directors. A successor has
not been chosen.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 5 (UP).—
Palmer Hoyt, nationally known
newspaperman and publisher of the
Portland Oregonian since 1938, re
signed as publisher of the paper to
day to accept a position as editor
and publisher of the Denver Post,
leading newspaper of the intermoun
tain region.
Hoyt's resignation, severing his
20-year connection with the O're
gonion has been submitted to the
board of directors. A successor has
not been chosen.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 5 (UP).—
Palmer Hoyt, nationally known
newspaperman and publisher of the
Portland Oregonian since 1938, re
signed as publisher of the paper to
day to accept a position as editor
and publisher of the Denver Post,
leading newspaper of the intermoun
tain region.
Hoyt's resignation, severing his
20-year connection with the O're
gonion has been submitted to the
board of directors. A successor has
not been chosen.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 5 (UP).—
Palmer Hoyt, nationally known
newspaperman and publisher of the
Portland Oregonian since 1938, re
signed as publisher of the paper to
day to accept a position as editor
and publisher of the Denver Post,
leading newspaper of the intermoun
tain region.
Hoyt's resignation, severing his
20-year connection with the O're
gonion has been submitted to the
board of directors. A successor has
not been chosen.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 5 (UP).—
Palmer Hoyt, nationally known
newspaperman and publisher of the
Portland Oregonian since 1938, re
signed as publisher of the paper to
day to accept a position as editor
and publisher of the Denver Post,
leading newspaper of the intermoun
tain region.
Hoyt's resignation, severing his
20-year connection with the O're
gonion has been submitted to the
board of directors. A successor has
not been chosen.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 5 (UP).—
Palmer Hoyt, nationally known
newspaperman and publisher of the
Portland Oregonian since 1938, re
signed as publisher of the paper to
day to accept a position as editor
and publisher of the Denver Post,
leading newspaper of the intermoun
tain region.
Hoyt's resignation, severing his
20-year connection with the O're
gonion has been submitted to the
board of directors. A successor has
not been chosen.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 5 (UP).—
Palmer Hoyt, nationally known
newspaperman and publisher of the
Portland Oregonian since 1938, re
signed as publisher of the paper to
day to accept a position as editor
and publisher of the Denver Post,
leading newspaper of the intermoun
tain region.
Hoyt's resignation, severing his
20-year connection with the O're
gonion has been submitted to the
board of directors. A successor has
not been chosen.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 5 (UP).—
Palmer Hoyt, nationally known
newspaperman and publisher of the
Portland Oregonian since 1938, re
signed as publisher of the paper to
day to accept a position as editor
and publisher of the Denver Post,
leading newspaper of the intermoun
tain region.
Hoyt's resignation, severing his
20-year connection with the O're
gonion has been submitted to the
board of directors. A successor has
not been chosen.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 5 (UP).—
Palmer Hoyt, nationally known
newspaperman and publisher of the
Portland Oregonian since 1938, re
signed as publisher of the paper to
day to accept a position as editor
and publisher of the Denver Post,
leading newspaper of the intermoun
tain region.
Hoyt's resignation, severing his
20-year connection with the O're
gonion has been submitted to the
board of directors. A successor has
not been chosen.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 5 (UP).—
Palmer Hoyt, nationally known
newspaperman and publisher of the
Portland Oregonian since 1938, re
signed as publisher of the paper to
day to accept a position as editor
and publisher of the Denver Post,
leading newspaper of the intermoun
tain region.
Hoyt's resignation, severing his
20-year connection with the O're
gonion has been submitted to the
board of directors. A successor has
not been chosen.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 5 (UP).—
Palmer Hoyt, nationally known
newspaperman and publisher of the
Portland Oregonian since 1938, re
signed as publisher of the paper to
day to accept a position as editor
and publisher of the Denver Post,
leading newspaper of the intermoun
tain region.
Hoyt's resignation, severing his
20-year connection with the O're
gonion has been submitted to the
board of directors. A successor has
not been chosen.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 5 (UP).—
Palmer Hoyt, nationally known
newspaperman and publisher of the
Portland Oregonian since 1938, re
signed as publisher of the paper to
day to accept a position as editor
and publisher of the Denver Post,
leading newspaper of the intermoun
tain region.
Hoyt's resignation, severing his
20-year connection with the O're
gonion has been submitted to the
board of directors. A successor has
not been chosen.
PORTLAND, Ore., Feb. 5 (UP).—
Palmer Hoyt, nationally known
newspaperman and publisher of the
Portland Oregonian since 1938, re
signed as publisher of the paper to
day to accept a position as editor
and publisher of the Denver Post,
leading newspaper of the intermoun
tain region.
Hoyt's resignation, severing his
20-year connection with the O're
gonion has been submitted to the
board of directors. A successor has
not been chosen.
