# Electrical Engineers Meet Tonight at 7:30
## 
### 
The American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers will meet tonight
at 7:.*»<► in room 26S of the Engi
neering Building. "Radio Fre
quency Heating" will he discussed
by Mr. It. Bollacrt, an engineer
from Westinghouse Electric Cor
poration.
There will be technical discus
sion and demonstration. Meeting
is open to engineering faculty and
students.
The American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers will meet tonight
at 7:.*»<► in room 26S of the Engi
neering Building. "Radio Fre
quency Heating" will he discussed
by Mr. It. Bollacrt, an engineer
from Westinghouse Electric Cor
poration.
There will be technical discus
sion and demonstration. Meeting
is open to engineering faculty and
students.
The American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers will meet tonight
at 7:.*»<► in room 26S of the Engi
neering Building. "Radio Fre
quency Heating" will he discussed
by Mr. It. Bollacrt, an engineer
from Westinghouse Electric Cor
poration.
There will be technical discus
sion and demonstration. Meeting
is open to engineering faculty and
students.
The American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers will meet tonight
at 7:.*»<► in room 26S of the Engi
neering Building. "Radio Fre
quency Heating" will he discussed
by Mr. It. Bollacrt, an engineer
from Westinghouse Electric Cor
poration.
There will be technical discus
sion and demonstration. Meeting
is open to engineering faculty and
students.
The American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers will meet tonight
at 7:.*»<► in room 26S of the Engi
neering Building. "Radio Fre
quency Heating" will he discussed
by Mr. It. Bollacrt, an engineer
from Westinghouse Electric Cor
poration.
There will be technical discus
sion and demonstration. Meeting
is open to engineering faculty and
students.
The American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers will meet tonight
at 7:.*»<► in room 26S of the Engi
neering Building. "Radio Fre
quency Heating" will he discussed
by Mr. It. Bollacrt, an engineer
from Westinghouse Electric Cor
poration.
There will be technical discus
sion and demonstration. Meeting
is open to engineering faculty and
students.
The American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers will meet tonight
at 7:.*»<► in room 26S of the Engi
neering Building. "Radio Fre
quency Heating" will he discussed
by Mr. It. Bollacrt, an engineer
from Westinghouse Electric Cor
poration.
There will be technical discus
sion and demonstration. Meeting
is open to engineering faculty and
students.
The American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers will meet tonight
at 7:.*»<► in room 26S of the Engi
neering Building. "Radio Fre
quency Heating" will he discussed
by Mr. It. Bollacrt, an engineer
from Westinghouse Electric Cor
poration.
There will be technical discus
sion and demonstration. Meeting
is open to engineering faculty and
students.
The American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers will meet tonight
at 7:.*»<► in room 26S of the Engi
neering Building. "Radio Fre
quency Heating" will he discussed
by Mr. It. Bollacrt, an engineer
from Westinghouse Electric Cor
poration.
There will be technical discus
sion and demonstration. Meeting
is open to engineering faculty and
students.
The American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers will meet tonight
at 7:.*»<► in room 26S of the Engi
neering Building. "Radio Fre
quency Heating" will he discussed
by Mr. It. Bollacrt, an engineer
from Westinghouse Electric Cor
poration.
There will be technical discus
sion and demonstration. Meeting
is open to engineering faculty and
students.
The American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers will meet tonight
at 7:.*»<► in room 26S of the Engi
neering Building. "Radio Fre
quency Heating" will he discussed
by Mr. It. Bollacrt, an engineer
from Westinghouse Electric Cor
poration.
There will be technical discus
sion and demonstration. Meeting
is open to engineering faculty and
students.
The American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers will meet tonight
at 7:.*»<► in room 26S of the Engi
neering Building. "Radio Fre
quency Heating" will he discussed
by Mr. It. Bollacrt, an engineer
from Westinghouse Electric Cor
poration.
There will be technical discus
sion and demonstration. Meeting
is open to engineering faculty and
students.
The American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers will meet tonight
at 7:.*»<► in room 26S of the Engi
neering Building. "Radio Fre
quency Heating" will he discussed
by Mr. It. Bollacrt, an engineer
from Westinghouse Electric Cor
poration.
There will be technical discus
sion and demonstration. Meeting
is open to engineering faculty and
students.
The American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers will meet tonight
at 7:.*»<► in room 26S of the Engi
neering Building. "Radio Fre
quency Heating" will he discussed
by Mr. It. Bollacrt, an engineer
from Westinghouse Electric Cor
poration.
There will be technical discus
sion and demonstration. Meeting
is open to engineering faculty and
students.
The American Institute of Elec
trical Engineers will meet tonight
at 7:.*»<► in room 26S of the Engi
neering Building. "Radio Fre
quency Heating" will he discussed
by Mr. It. Bollacrt, an engineer
from Westinghouse Electric Cor
poration.
There will be technical discus
sion and demonstration. Meeting
is open to engineering faculty and
students.
