# FLYING CLUB TO MEET
## 
### 
Stanford Flying Club will meet
tomorrow night upstairs in the
Women'« Clubhouse at 7:30 accord
ing to President Bob Jones. This
meeting will be very important and
all members are urged to attend.
Stanford Flying Club will meet
tomorrow night upstairs in the
Women'« Clubhouse at 7:30 accord
ing to President Bob Jones. This
meeting will be very important and
all members are urged to attend.
Stanford Flying Club will meet
tomorrow night upstairs in the
Women'« Clubhouse at 7:30 accord
ing to President Bob Jones. This
meeting will be very important and
all members are urged to attend.
Stanford Flying Club will meet
tomorrow night upstairs in the
Women'« Clubhouse at 7:30 accord
ing to President Bob Jones. This
meeting will be very important and
all members are urged to attend.
Stanford Flying Club will meet
tomorrow night upstairs in the
Women'« Clubhouse at 7:30 accord
ing to President Bob Jones. This
meeting will be very important and
all members are urged to attend.
Stanford Flying Club will meet
tomorrow night upstairs in the
Women'« Clubhouse at 7:30 accord
ing to President Bob Jones. This
meeting will be very important and
all members are urged to attend.
Stanford Flying Club will meet
tomorrow night upstairs in the
Women'« Clubhouse at 7:30 accord
ing to President Bob Jones. This
meeting will be very important and
all members are urged to attend.
Stanford Flying Club will meet
tomorrow night upstairs in the
Women'« Clubhouse at 7:30 accord
ing to President Bob Jones. This
meeting will be very important and
all members are urged to attend.
Stanford Flying Club will meet
tomorrow night upstairs in the
Women'« Clubhouse at 7:30 accord
ing to President Bob Jones. This
meeting will be very important and
all members are urged to attend.
Stanford Flying Club will meet
tomorrow night upstairs in the
Women'« Clubhouse at 7:30 accord
ing to President Bob Jones. This
meeting will be very important and
all members are urged to attend.
Stanford Flying Club will meet
tomorrow night upstairs in the
Women'« Clubhouse at 7:30 accord
ing to President Bob Jones. This
meeting will be very important and
all members are urged to attend.
Stanford Flying Club will meet
tomorrow night upstairs in the
Women'« Clubhouse at 7:30 accord
ing to President Bob Jones. This
meeting will be very important and
all members are urged to attend.
Stanford Flying Club will meet
tomorrow night upstairs in the
Women'« Clubhouse at 7:30 accord
ing to President Bob Jones. This
meeting will be very important and
all members are urged to attend.
Stanford Flying Club will meet
tomorrow night upstairs in the
Women'« Clubhouse at 7:30 accord
ing to President Bob Jones. This
meeting will be very important and
all members are urged to attend.
Stanford Flying Club will meet
tomorrow night upstairs in the
Women'« Clubhouse at 7:30 accord
ing to President Bob Jones. This
meeting will be very important and
all members are urged to attend.
