# Village Freshmen Elect Winter Quarter Heads
## 
### 
Village freshman officers for the
winter quarter were elected Mon
day. Building 210 chose John Mat
thews, president; Bob Hoover, so
cial chairman; and Harvey Hibcr,
athletic chairman. Building 212
elected John Clark, president; Jim
Green, social chairman; and Ted
Diehl, athletic chairman.
Bill Bidlake was elected business
manager for all Village frosh.
Village freshman officers for the
winter quarter were elected Mon
day. Building 210 chose John Mat
thews, president; Bob Hoover, so
cial chairman; and Harvey Hibcr,
athletic chairman. Building 212
elected John Clark, president; Jim
Green, social chairman; and Ted
Diehl, athletic chairman.
Bill Bidlake was elected business
manager for all Village frosh.
Village freshman officers for the
winter quarter were elected Mon
day. Building 210 chose John Mat
thews, president; Bob Hoover, so
cial chairman; and Harvey Hibcr,
athletic chairman. Building 212
elected John Clark, president; Jim
Green, social chairman; and Ted
Diehl, athletic chairman.
Bill Bidlake was elected business
manager for all Village frosh.
Village freshman officers for the
winter quarter were elected Mon
day. Building 210 chose John Mat
thews, president; Bob Hoover, so
cial chairman; and Harvey Hibcr,
athletic chairman. Building 212
elected John Clark, president; Jim
Green, social chairman; and Ted
Diehl, athletic chairman.
Bill Bidlake was elected business
manager for all Village frosh.
Village freshman officers for the
winter quarter were elected Mon
day. Building 210 chose John Mat
thews, president; Bob Hoover, so
cial chairman; and Harvey Hibcr,
athletic chairman. Building 212
elected John Clark, president; Jim
Green, social chairman; and Ted
Diehl, athletic chairman.
Bill Bidlake was elected business
manager for all Village frosh.
Village freshman officers for the
winter quarter were elected Mon
day. Building 210 chose John Mat
thews, president; Bob Hoover, so
cial chairman; and Harvey Hibcr,
athletic chairman. Building 212
elected John Clark, president; Jim
Green, social chairman; and Ted
Diehl, athletic chairman.
Bill Bidlake was elected business
manager for all Village frosh.
Village freshman officers for the
winter quarter were elected Mon
day. Building 210 chose John Mat
thews, president; Bob Hoover, so
cial chairman; and Harvey Hibcr,
athletic chairman. Building 212
elected John Clark, president; Jim
Green, social chairman; and Ted
Diehl, athletic chairman.
Bill Bidlake was elected business
manager for all Village frosh.
Village freshman officers for the
winter quarter were elected Mon
day. Building 210 chose John Mat
thews, president; Bob Hoover, so
cial chairman; and Harvey Hibcr,
athletic chairman. Building 212
elected John Clark, president; Jim
Green, social chairman; and Ted
Diehl, athletic chairman.
Bill Bidlake was elected business
manager for all Village frosh.
Village freshman officers for the
winter quarter were elected Mon
day. Building 210 chose John Mat
thews, president; Bob Hoover, so
cial chairman; and Harvey Hibcr,
athletic chairman. Building 212
elected John Clark, president; Jim
Green, social chairman; and Ted
Diehl, athletic chairman.
Bill Bidlake was elected business
manager for all Village frosh.
Village freshman officers for the
winter quarter were elected Mon
day. Building 210 chose John Mat
thews, president; Bob Hoover, so
cial chairman; and Harvey Hibcr,
athletic chairman. Building 212
elected John Clark, president; Jim
Green, social chairman; and Ted
Diehl, athletic chairman.
Bill Bidlake was elected business
manager for all Village frosh.
Village freshman officers for the
winter quarter were elected Mon
day. Building 210 chose John Mat
thews, president; Bob Hoover, so
cial chairman; and Harvey Hibcr,
athletic chairman. Building 212
elected John Clark, president; Jim
Green, social chairman; and Ted
Diehl, athletic chairman.
Bill Bidlake was elected business
manager for all Village frosh.
Village freshman officers for the
winter quarter were elected Mon
day. Building 210 chose John Mat
thews, president; Bob Hoover, so
cial chairman; and Harvey Hibcr,
athletic chairman. Building 212
elected John Clark, president; Jim
Green, social chairman; and Ted
Diehl, athletic chairman.
Bill Bidlake was elected business
manager for all Village frosh.
Village freshman officers for the
winter quarter were elected Mon
day. Building 210 chose John Mat
thews, president; Bob Hoover, so
cial chairman; and Harvey Hibcr,
athletic chairman. Building 212
elected John Clark, president; Jim
Green, social chairman; and Ted
Diehl, athletic chairman.
Bill Bidlake was elected business
manager for all Village frosh.
Village freshman officers for the
winter quarter were elected Mon
day. Building 210 chose John Mat
thews, president; Bob Hoover, so
cial chairman; and Harvey Hibcr,
athletic chairman. Building 212
elected John Clark, president; Jim
Green, social chairman; and Ted
Diehl, athletic chairman.
Bill Bidlake was elected business
manager for all Village frosh.
Village freshman officers for the
winter quarter were elected Mon
day. Building 210 chose John Mat
thews, president; Bob Hoover, so
cial chairman; and Harvey Hibcr,
athletic chairman. Building 212
elected John Clark, president; Jim
Green, social chairman; and Ted
Diehl, athletic chairman.
Bill Bidlake was elected business
manager for all Village frosh.
Village freshman officers for the
winter quarter were elected Mon
day. Building 210 chose John Mat
thews, president; Bob Hoover, so
cial chairman; and Harvey Hibcr,
athletic chairman. Building 212
elected John Clark, president; Jim
Green, social chairman; and Ted
Diehl, athletic chairman.
Bill Bidlake was elected business
manager for all Village frosh.
