# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Union Residence announces the
en;-.igi ment ol Margaret Woolen,
to Ravei no Johnson, graduate
student hi psychology. A summer
wedding is planned.
Union Residence announces the
en;-.igi ment ol Margaret Woolen,
to Ravei no Johnson, graduate
student hi psychology. A summer
wedding is planned.
Union Residence announces the
en;-.igi ment ol Margaret Woolen,
to Ravei no Johnson, graduate
student hi psychology. A summer
wedding is planned.
Union Residence announces the
en;-.igi ment ol Margaret Woolen,
to Ravei no Johnson, graduate
student hi psychology. A summer
wedding is planned.
Union Residence announces the
en;-.igi ment ol Margaret Woolen,
to Ravei no Johnson, graduate
student hi psychology. A summer
wedding is planned.
Union Residence announces the
en;-.igi ment ol Margaret Woolen,
to Ravei no Johnson, graduate
student hi psychology. A summer
wedding is planned.
Union Residence announces the
en;-.igi ment ol Margaret Woolen,
to Ravei no Johnson, graduate
student hi psychology. A summer
wedding is planned.
Union Residence announces the
en;-.igi ment ol Margaret Woolen,
to Ravei no Johnson, graduate
student hi psychology. A summer
wedding is planned.
Union Residence announces the
en;-.igi ment ol Margaret Woolen,
to Ravei no Johnson, graduate
student hi psychology. A summer
wedding is planned.
Union Residence announces the
en;-.igi ment ol Margaret Woolen,
to Ravei no Johnson, graduate
student hi psychology. A summer
wedding is planned.
Union Residence announces the
en;-.igi ment ol Margaret Woolen,
to Ravei no Johnson, graduate
student hi psychology. A summer
wedding is planned.
Union Residence announces the
en;-.igi ment ol Margaret Woolen,
to Ravei no Johnson, graduate
student hi psychology. A summer
wedding is planned.
Union Residence announces the
en;-.igi ment ol Margaret Woolen,
to Ravei no Johnson, graduate
student hi psychology. A summer
wedding is planned.
Union Residence announces the
en;-.igi ment ol Margaret Woolen,
to Ravei no Johnson, graduate
student hi psychology. A summer
wedding is planned.
Union Residence announces the
en;-.igi ment ol Margaret Woolen,
to Ravei no Johnson, graduate
student hi psychology. A summer
wedding is planned.
Union Residence announces the
en;-.igi ment ol Margaret Woolen,
to Ravei no Johnson, graduate
student hi psychology. A summer
wedding is planned.
