# Winter Ratio Drops to 2.585
## 
### 
The bulk of late registration is
over, with yesterday noon's total
resting at 7,154 students, 5,156 men
and 1,998 women. The ratio is now
2.585 to 1,
"We have now caught up with the
main backlog of late registration due
to exceptional circumstances this
year," said Registrar Harvey Hall.
Hall said there were lines in the
Cashier's Office Monday as well as
some lines in the Registrar's Office
Monday afternoon, turning in books.
The new total is 262 less than the
number registered at the same period
last winter quarter. Tire number of
students lost between autumn and
winter quarters this year is about the
same now as the number lost last
year, according to Hall.
Beginning tomorrow the late regis
tration fee jumps from $5 to $10.
Thursday, Jan. 24, is the last day a
student may register this quarter.
The bulk of late registration is
over, with yesterday noon's total
resting at 7,154 students, 5,156 men
and 1,998 women. The ratio is now
2.585 to 1,
"We have now caught up with the
main backlog of late registration due
to exceptional circumstances this
year," said Registrar Harvey Hall.
Hall said there were lines in the
Cashier's Office Monday as well as
some lines in the Registrar's Office
Monday afternoon, turning in books.
The new total is 262 less than the
number registered at the same period
last winter quarter. Tire number of
students lost between autumn and
winter quarters this year is about the
same now as the number lost last
year, according to Hall.
Beginning tomorrow the late regis
tration fee jumps from $5 to $10.
Thursday, Jan. 24, is the last day a
student may register this quarter.
The bulk of late registration is
over, with yesterday noon's total
resting at 7,154 students, 5,156 men
and 1,998 women. The ratio is now
2.585 to 1,
"We have now caught up with the
main backlog of late registration due
to exceptional circumstances this
year," said Registrar Harvey Hall.
Hall said there were lines in the
Cashier's Office Monday as well as
some lines in the Registrar's Office
Monday afternoon, turning in books.
The new total is 262 less than the
number registered at the same period
last winter quarter. Tire number of
students lost between autumn and
winter quarters this year is about the
same now as the number lost last
year, according to Hall.
Beginning tomorrow the late regis
tration fee jumps from $5 to $10.
Thursday, Jan. 24, is the last day a
student may register this quarter.
The bulk of late registration is
over, with yesterday noon's total
resting at 7,154 students, 5,156 men
and 1,998 women. The ratio is now
2.585 to 1,
"We have now caught up with the
main backlog of late registration due
to exceptional circumstances this
year," said Registrar Harvey Hall.
Hall said there were lines in the
Cashier's Office Monday as well as
some lines in the Registrar's Office
Monday afternoon, turning in books.
The new total is 262 less than the
number registered at the same period
last winter quarter. Tire number of
students lost between autumn and
winter quarters this year is about the
same now as the number lost last
year, according to Hall.
Beginning tomorrow the late regis
tration fee jumps from $5 to $10.
Thursday, Jan. 24, is the last day a
student may register this quarter.
The bulk of late registration is
over, with yesterday noon's total
resting at 7,154 students, 5,156 men
and 1,998 women. The ratio is now
2.585 to 1,
"We have now caught up with the
main backlog of late registration due
to exceptional circumstances this
year," said Registrar Harvey Hall.
Hall said there were lines in the
Cashier's Office Monday as well as
some lines in the Registrar's Office
Monday afternoon, turning in books.
The new total is 262 less than the
number registered at the same period
last winter quarter. Tire number of
students lost between autumn and
winter quarters this year is about the
same now as the number lost last
year, according to Hall.
Beginning tomorrow the late regis
tration fee jumps from $5 to $10.
Thursday, Jan. 24, is the last day a
student may register this quarter.
The bulk of late registration is
over, with yesterday noon's total
resting at 7,154 students, 5,156 men
and 1,998 women. The ratio is now
2.585 to 1,
"We have now caught up with the
main backlog of late registration due
to exceptional circumstances this
year," said Registrar Harvey Hall.
Hall said there were lines in the
Cashier's Office Monday as well as
some lines in the Registrar's Office
Monday afternoon, turning in books.
The new total is 262 less than the
number registered at the same period
last winter quarter. Tire number of
students lost between autumn and
winter quarters this year is about the
same now as the number lost last
year, according to Hall.
Beginning tomorrow the late regis
tration fee jumps from $5 to $10.
Thursday, Jan. 24, is the last day a
student may register this quarter.
The bulk of late registration is
over, with yesterday noon's total
resting at 7,154 students, 5,156 men
and 1,998 women. The ratio is now
2.585 to 1,
"We have now caught up with the
main backlog of late registration due
to exceptional circumstances this
year," said Registrar Harvey Hall.
Hall said there were lines in the
Cashier's Office Monday as well as
some lines in the Registrar's Office
Monday afternoon, turning in books.
The new total is 262 less than the
number registered at the same period
last winter quarter. Tire number of
students lost between autumn and
winter quarters this year is about the
same now as the number lost last
year, according to Hall.
Beginning tomorrow the late regis
tration fee jumps from $5 to $10.
Thursday, Jan. 24, is the last day a
student may register this quarter.
The bulk of late registration is
over, with yesterday noon's total
resting at 7,154 students, 5,156 men
and 1,998 women. The ratio is now
2.585 to 1,
"We have now caught up with the
main backlog of late registration due
to exceptional circumstances this
year," said Registrar Harvey Hall.
Hall said there were lines in the
Cashier's Office Monday as well as
some lines in the Registrar's Office
Monday afternoon, turning in books.
The new total is 262 less than the
number registered at the same period
last winter quarter. Tire number of
students lost between autumn and
winter quarters this year is about the
same now as the number lost last
year, according to Hall.
Beginning tomorrow the late regis
tration fee jumps from $5 to $10.
Thursday, Jan. 24, is the last day a
student may register this quarter.
The bulk of late registration is
over, with yesterday noon's total
resting at 7,154 students, 5,156 men
and 1,998 women. The ratio is now
2.585 to 1,
"We have now caught up with the
main backlog of late registration due
to exceptional circumstances this
year," said Registrar Harvey Hall.
Hall said there were lines in the
Cashier's Office Monday as well as
some lines in the Registrar's Office
Monday afternoon, turning in books.
The new total is 262 less than the
number registered at the same period
last winter quarter. Tire number of
students lost between autumn and
winter quarters this year is about the
same now as the number lost last
year, according to Hall.
Beginning tomorrow the late regis
tration fee jumps from $5 to $10.
Thursday, Jan. 24, is the last day a
student may register this quarter.
The bulk of late registration is
over, with yesterday noon's total
resting at 7,154 students, 5,156 men
and 1,998 women. The ratio is now
2.585 to 1,
"We have now caught up with the
main backlog of late registration due
to exceptional circumstances this
year," said Registrar Harvey Hall.
Hall said there were lines in the
Cashier's Office Monday as well as
some lines in the Registrar's Office
Monday afternoon, turning in books.
The new total is 262 less than the
number registered at the same period
last winter quarter. Tire number of
students lost between autumn and
winter quarters this year is about the
same now as the number lost last
year, according to Hall.
Beginning tomorrow the late regis
tration fee jumps from $5 to $10.
Thursday, Jan. 24, is the last day a
student may register this quarter.
The bulk of late registration is
over, with yesterday noon's total
resting at 7,154 students, 5,156 men
and 1,998 women. The ratio is now
2.585 to 1,
"We have now caught up with the
main backlog of late registration due
to exceptional circumstances this
year," said Registrar Harvey Hall.
Hall said there were lines in the
Cashier's Office Monday as well as
some lines in the Registrar's Office
Monday afternoon, turning in books.
The new total is 262 less than the
number registered at the same period
last winter quarter. Tire number of
students lost between autumn and
winter quarters this year is about the
same now as the number lost last
year, according to Hall.
Beginning tomorrow the late regis
tration fee jumps from $5 to $10.
Thursday, Jan. 24, is the last day a
student may register this quarter.
The bulk of late registration is
over, with yesterday noon's total
resting at 7,154 students, 5,156 men
and 1,998 women. The ratio is now
2.585 to 1,
"We have now caught up with the
main backlog of late registration due
to exceptional circumstances this
year," said Registrar Harvey Hall.
Hall said there were lines in the
Cashier's Office Monday as well as
some lines in the Registrar's Office
Monday afternoon, turning in books.
The new total is 262 less than the
number registered at the same period
last winter quarter. Tire number of
students lost between autumn and
winter quarters this year is about the
same now as the number lost last
year, according to Hall.
Beginning tomorrow the late regis
tration fee jumps from $5 to $10.
Thursday, Jan. 24, is the last day a
student may register this quarter.
The bulk of late registration is
over, with yesterday noon's total
resting at 7,154 students, 5,156 men
and 1,998 women. The ratio is now
2.585 to 1,
"We have now caught up with the
main backlog of late registration due
to exceptional circumstances this
year," said Registrar Harvey Hall.
Hall said there were lines in the
Cashier's Office Monday as well as
some lines in the Registrar's Office
Monday afternoon, turning in books.
The new total is 262 less than the
number registered at the same period
last winter quarter. Tire number of
students lost between autumn and
winter quarters this year is about the
same now as the number lost last
year, according to Hall.
Beginning tomorrow the late regis
tration fee jumps from $5 to $10.
Thursday, Jan. 24, is the last day a
student may register this quarter.
The bulk of late registration is
over, with yesterday noon's total
resting at 7,154 students, 5,156 men
and 1,998 women. The ratio is now
2.585 to 1,
"We have now caught up with the
main backlog of late registration due
to exceptional circumstances this
year," said Registrar Harvey Hall.
Hall said there were lines in the
Cashier's Office Monday as well as
some lines in the Registrar's Office
Monday afternoon, turning in books.
The new total is 262 less than the
number registered at the same period
last winter quarter. Tire number of
students lost between autumn and
winter quarters this year is about the
same now as the number lost last
year, according to Hall.
Beginning tomorrow the late regis
tration fee jumps from $5 to $10.
Thursday, Jan. 24, is the last day a
student may register this quarter.
The bulk of late registration is
over, with yesterday noon's total
resting at 7,154 students, 5,156 men
and 1,998 women. The ratio is now
2.585 to 1,
"We have now caught up with the
main backlog of late registration due
to exceptional circumstances this
year," said Registrar Harvey Hall.
Hall said there were lines in the
Cashier's Office Monday as well as
some lines in the Registrar's Office
Monday afternoon, turning in books.
The new total is 262 less than the
number registered at the same period
last winter quarter. Tire number of
students lost between autumn and
winter quarters this year is about the
same now as the number lost last
year, according to Hall.
Beginning tomorrow the late regis
tration fee jumps from $5 to $10.
Thursday, Jan. 24, is the last day a
student may register this quarter.
The bulk of late registration is
over, with yesterday noon's total
resting at 7,154 students, 5,156 men
and 1,998 women. The ratio is now
2.585 to 1,
"We have now caught up with the
main backlog of late registration due
to exceptional circumstances this
year," said Registrar Harvey Hall.
Hall said there were lines in the
Cashier's Office Monday as well as
some lines in the Registrar's Office
Monday afternoon, turning in books.
The new total is 262 less than the
number registered at the same period
last winter quarter. Tire number of
students lost between autumn and
winter quarters this year is about the
same now as the number lost last
year, according to Hall.
Beginning tomorrow the late regis
tration fee jumps from $5 to $10.
Thursday, Jan. 24, is the last day a
student may register this quarter.
