# Indochina Symposium Planned For Sunday
## 
### 
The first of a four-part
symposium on war crimes and
U.S. intervention in Indochina
will be given Sunday at
Dinkelspiel Auditorium at 7:30
p.m.
The symposium, entitled "The
Logic of Intervention," is
sponsored by the Indochina Study
Croup, Concerned Asian Scholars
and the Faculty Political Action
Croup.
Sunday evening The Winter
Soldier: Eye-Witness Reports,
featuring slides, movies and
personal accounts of war crimes
by some Vietnam veterans, Helen
Emmerich (a journalist who flew
as a paratrooper with the Saigon
Air Force), and E.W. Pfeiffer (an
international expert on
chemical-biolobical warfare who
has made three fact-finding trips
to Indochina).
Tuesday (Cubberley at
7:30)—1n Violation of
International Laws: Crimes
Against Peace and Humanity,
featuring Richard Falk (Princeton
law expert and author of The
Vietnam War and International
Law)), Dorothy Forman (menber
of the Internaitonal Commission

of Enquiry into U.S. Crimes in
Indochina), and a movie of the
Winter Soldier hearings held in
Detroit last year.
Falk will be testifying Tuesday
afternoon at Bruce Franklin's
defense on the relevance of
Nuremberg to Stanford war
research aid the Lodge incident.
Thursday (Jordan Hall at
7:3o)—The Politics of
Intervention: The Logic of
Imperialism, featuring Franz
Schurmann (professor from
Berkeley, internationally
respected China scholar and
well-known critic of the war),
Doug Dowd (expert on American
economic interests in the Third
World) and Banning Garrett (Asia
editor for Ramparts).
Saturday (Dinklespiel at
7:3o)—TTie San Francisco Mime
Troupe presents "The Dragon
Lady's Revenge," an hour and a
half play on the opium trade and
the war. There will be a donation
of $1.50 for "The Dragon Lady's
Revenge"; all other evenings will
be free.
