# Crossword
## 
### 
ACROSS
1 Four-time Olympic
gold-medal runner
Zatopek
5 Park way
9 Shame
14 Hacking knife
15 Rebel
16 Petulant mood
17 Daring track
official?
19 Zaftig
20Trouser
measurement
21 Twilight" heroine
23 Introduction to a
former self?
24 The Mikado"
baritone
27 Give a hand to
30 Dabchick, for one
32 Cost an arm
and
34 Do a garage job
35 Cannes's region
3 'acte
38 They're usually in
the 80s and 90s
41 Toon who played
Scrooge
43 Maker of Definity
skin care products
44 Works on, as a
novel
46 Sport with riders
47 Matriarchal
nickname
48 Core belief
52 Put the kibosh on
54 Suggestive look
56 Two-legged meat
source
57 First name in
puppetry
59 Battles with
bombers
61 Stars travel in
them
63 Online journalist's
retreat?
66 Get used (to)
6 Grey tea
68 Dam buildup
69 X-ray targets
70 Whitehall
whitewall
71 Tijuana tender
DOWN
1 Flowing back
2 One offering his
seat?
3 "Let me check"
4 Bonanza

5 A-one
6 End
7 Jennyanydots's
creator, initially
8 Mint, say
9 User of the prefix
10 Clinton enjoying
some R and R?
11 Inspiring
apparatus
12 Result of
considering the
pluses?
13 With it
18 Consume
22 Awards named
for a writer
25 Kind of roll
26 Futbol game
cheer
28 Intrigued with
29 Ruler from LIV to
LXVIII
31 Immortal
comedian's
donkey imitation?
33 Fur that's a
symbol of royalty
36 Church caretaker,
in Chelsea
38 Did It
Again": Britney
Spears album
and hit song

39 Blood
40 Juju or grigri
42 Like a tonne of
bricks?
45 Kilmer of 'Top
Gun"
49 Tyro, and a hint
to this puzzle's
theme
50 Computer
letters
51 Ask for help
from

53 Keeps going
55 Golfer's coup
58 Cynical

response
60 Hoarse sound
61 Testing site
62 Phrase said
before taking the
stand
64 Not ordained
65 Two-time
Conn Smythe
Trophy winner

By Gareth Bain

Today's Puzzle Solved


ACROSS
1 Four-time Olympic
gold-medal runner
Zatopek
5 Park way
9 Shame
14 Hacking knife
15 Rebel
16 Petulant mood
17 Daring track
official?
19 Zaftig
20Trouser
measurement
21 Twilight" heroine
23 Introduction to a
former self?
24 The Mikado"
baritone
27 Give a hand to
30 Dabchick, for one
32 Cost an arm
and
34 Do a garage job
35 Cannes's region
3 'acte
38 They're usually in
the 80s and 90s
41 Toon who played
Scrooge
43 Maker of Definity
skin care products
44 Works on, as a
novel
46 Sport with riders
47 Matriarchal
nickname
48 Core belief
52 Put the kibosh on
54 Suggestive look
56 Two-legged meat
source
57 First name in
puppetry
59 Battles with
bombers
61 Stars travel in
them
63 Online journalist's
retreat?
66 Get used (to)
6 Grey tea
68 Dam buildup
69 X-ray targets
70 Whitehall
whitewall
71 Tijuana tender
DOWN
1 Flowing back
2 One offering his
seat?
3 "Let me check"
4 Bonanza

5 A-one
6 End
7 Jennyanydots's
creator, initially
8 Mint, say
9 User of the prefix
10 Clinton enjoying
some R and R?
11 Inspiring
apparatus
12 Result of
considering the
pluses?
13 With it
18 Consume
22 Awards named
for a writer
25 Kind of roll
26 Futbol game
cheer
28 Intrigued with
29 Ruler from LIV to
LXVIII
31 Immortal
comedian's
donkey imitation?
33 Fur that's a
symbol of royalty
36 Church caretaker,
in Chelsea
38 Did It
Again": Britney
Spears album
and hit song

39 Blood
40 Juju or grigri
42 Like a tonne of
bricks?
45 Kilmer of 'Top
Gun"
49 Tyro, and a hint
to this puzzle's
theme
50 Computer
letters
51 Ask for help
from

53 Keeps going
55 Golfer's coup
58 Cynical

response
60 Hoarse sound
61 Testing site
62 Phrase said
before taking the
stand
64 Not ordained
65 Two-time
Conn Smythe
Trophy winner

By Gareth Bain

Today's Puzzle Solved


ACROSS
1 Four-time Olympic
gold-medal runner
Zatopek
5 Park way
9 Shame
14 Hacking knife
15 Rebel
16 Petulant mood
17 Daring track
official?
19 Zaftig
20Trouser
measurement
21 Twilight" heroine
23 Introduction to a
former self?
24 The Mikado"
baritone
27 Give a hand to
30 Dabchick, for one
32 Cost an arm
and
34 Do a garage job
35 Cannes's region
3 'acte
38 They're usually in
the 80s and 90s
41 Toon who played
Scrooge
43 Maker of Definity
skin care products
44 Works on, as a
novel
46 Sport with riders
47 Matriarchal
nickname
48 Core belief
52 Put the kibosh on
54 Suggestive look
56 Two-legged meat
source
57 First name in
puppetry
59 Battles with
bombers
61 Stars travel in
them
63 Online journalist's
retreat?
66 Get used (to)
6 Grey tea
68 Dam buildup
69 X-ray targets
70 Whitehall
whitewall
71 Tijuana tender
DOWN
1 Flowing back
2 One offering his
seat?
3 "Let me check"
4 Bonanza

5 A-one
6 End
7 Jennyanydots's
creator, initially
8 Mint, say
9 User of the prefix
10 Clinton enjoying
some R and R?
11 Inspiring
apparatus
12 Result of
considering the
pluses?
13 With it
18 Consume
22 Awards named
for a writer
25 Kind of roll
26 Futbol game
cheer
28 Intrigued with
29 Ruler from LIV to
LXVIII
31 Immortal
comedian's
donkey imitation?
33 Fur that's a
symbol of royalty
36 Church caretaker,
in Chelsea
38 Did It
Again": Britney
Spears album
and hit song

39 Blood
40 Juju or grigri
42 Like a tonne of
bricks?
45 Kilmer of 'Top
Gun"
49 Tyro, and a hint
to this puzzle's
theme
50 Computer
letters
51 Ask for help
from

53 Keeps going
55 Golfer's coup
58 Cynical

response
60 Hoarse sound
61 Testing site
62 Phrase said
before taking the
stand
64 Not ordained
65 Two-time
Conn Smythe
Trophy winner

By Gareth Bain

Today's Puzzle Solved


ACROSS
1 Four-time Olympic
gold-medal runner
Zatopek
5 Park way
9 Shame
14 Hacking knife
15 Rebel
16 Petulant mood
17 Daring track
official?
19 Zaftig
20Trouser
measurement
21 Twilight" heroine
23 Introduction to a
former self?
24 The Mikado"
baritone
27 Give a hand to
30 Dabchick, for one
32 Cost an arm
and
34 Do a garage job
35 Cannes's region
3 'acte
38 They're usually in
the 80s and 90s
41 Toon who played
Scrooge
43 Maker of Definity
skin care products
44 Works on, as a
novel
46 Sport with riders
47 Matriarchal
nickname
48 Core belief
52 Put the kibosh on
54 Suggestive look
56 Two-legged meat
source
57 First name in
puppetry
59 Battles with
bombers
61 Stars travel in
them
63 Online journalist's
retreat?
66 Get used (to)
6 Grey tea
68 Dam buildup
69 X-ray targets
70 Whitehall
whitewall
71 Tijuana tender
DOWN
1 Flowing back
2 One offering his
seat?
3 "Let me check"
4 Bonanza

5 A-one
6 End
7 Jennyanydots's
creator, initially
8 Mint, say
9 User of the prefix
10 Clinton enjoying
some R and R?
11 Inspiring
apparatus
12 Result of
considering the
pluses?
13 With it
18 Consume
22 Awards named
for a writer
25 Kind of roll
26 Futbol game
cheer
28 Intrigued with
29 Ruler from LIV to
LXVIII
31 Immortal
comedian's
donkey imitation?
33 Fur that's a
symbol of royalty
36 Church caretaker,
in Chelsea
38 Did It
Again": Britney
Spears album
and hit song

39 Blood
40 Juju or grigri
42 Like a tonne of
bricks?
45 Kilmer of 'Top
Gun"
49 Tyro, and a hint
to this puzzle's
theme
50 Computer
letters
51 Ask for help
from

53 Keeps going
55 Golfer's coup
58 Cynical

response
60 Hoarse sound
61 Testing site
62 Phrase said
before taking the
stand
64 Not ordained
65 Two-time
Conn Smythe
Trophy winner

By Gareth Bain

Today's Puzzle Solved


ACROSS
1 Four-time Olympic
gold-medal runner
Zatopek
5 Park way
9 Shame
14 Hacking knife
15 Rebel
16 Petulant mood
17 Daring track
official?
19 Zaftig
20Trouser
measurement
21 Twilight" heroine
23 Introduction to a
former self?
24 The Mikado"
baritone
27 Give a hand to
30 Dabchick, for one
32 Cost an arm
and
34 Do a garage job
35 Cannes's region
3 'acte
38 They're usually in
the 80s and 90s
41 Toon who played
Scrooge
43 Maker of Definity
skin care products
44 Works on, as a
novel
46 Sport with riders
47 Matriarchal
nickname
48 Core belief
52 Put the kibosh on
54 Suggestive look
56 Two-legged meat
source
57 First name in
puppetry
59 Battles with
bombers
61 Stars travel in
them
63 Online journalist's
retreat?
66 Get used (to)
6 Grey tea
68 Dam buildup
69 X-ray targets
70 Whitehall
whitewall
71 Tijuana tender
DOWN
1 Flowing back
2 One offering his
seat?
3 "Let me check"
4 Bonanza

5 A-one
6 End
7 Jennyanydots's
creator, initially
8 Mint, say
9 User of the prefix
10 Clinton enjoying
some R and R?
11 Inspiring
apparatus
12 Result of
considering the
pluses?
13 With it
18 Consume
22 Awards named
for a writer
25 Kind of roll
26 Futbol game
cheer
28 Intrigued with
29 Ruler from LIV to
LXVIII
31 Immortal
comedian's
donkey imitation?
33 Fur that's a
symbol of royalty
36 Church caretaker,
in Chelsea
38 Did It
Again": Britney
Spears album
and hit song

39 Blood
40 Juju or grigri
42 Like a tonne of
bricks?
45 Kilmer of 'Top
Gun"
49 Tyro, and a hint
to this puzzle's
theme
50 Computer
letters
51 Ask for help
from

53 Keeps going
55 Golfer's coup
58 Cynical

response
60 Hoarse sound
61 Testing site
62 Phrase said
before taking the
stand
64 Not ordained
65 Two-time
Conn Smythe
Trophy winner

By Gareth Bain

Today's Puzzle Solved


ACROSS
1 Four-time Olympic
gold-medal runner
Zatopek
5 Park way
9 Shame
14 Hacking knife
15 Rebel
16 Petulant mood
17 Daring track
official?
19 Zaftig
20Trouser
measurement
21 Twilight" heroine
23 Introduction to a
former self?
24 The Mikado"
baritone
27 Give a hand to
30 Dabchick, for one
32 Cost an arm
and
34 Do a garage job
35 Cannes's region
3 'acte
38 They're usually in
the 80s and 90s
41 Toon who played
Scrooge
43 Maker of Definity
skin care products
44 Works on, as a
novel
46 Sport with riders
47 Matriarchal
nickname
48 Core belief
52 Put the kibosh on
54 Suggestive look
56 Two-legged meat
source
57 First name in
puppetry
59 Battles with
bombers
61 Stars travel in
them
63 Online journalist's
retreat?
66 Get used (to)
6 Grey tea
68 Dam buildup
69 X-ray targets
70 Whitehall
whitewall
71 Tijuana tender
DOWN
1 Flowing back
2 One offering his
seat?
3 "Let me check"
4 Bonanza

5 A-one
6 End
7 Jennyanydots's
creator, initially
8 Mint, say
9 User of the prefix
10 Clinton enjoying
some R and R?
11 Inspiring
apparatus
12 Result of
considering the
pluses?
13 With it
18 Consume
22 Awards named
for a writer
25 Kind of roll
26 Futbol game
cheer
28 Intrigued with
29 Ruler from LIV to
LXVIII
31 Immortal
comedian's
donkey imitation?
33 Fur that's a
symbol of royalty
36 Church caretaker,
in Chelsea
38 Did It
Again": Britney
Spears album
and hit song

39 Blood
40 Juju or grigri
42 Like a tonne of
bricks?
45 Kilmer of 'Top
Gun"
49 Tyro, and a hint
to this puzzle's
theme
50 Computer
letters
51 Ask for help
from

53 Keeps going
55 Golfer's coup
58 Cynical

response
60 Hoarse sound
61 Testing site
62 Phrase said
before taking the
stand
64 Not ordained
65 Two-time
Conn Smythe
Trophy winner

By Gareth Bain

Today's Puzzle Solved


