# Seniors Take First Place in Tennis
## 
### 
The seniors took the winner's ten
points in the tennis tournament, win-

ning both the
first and third
doubles. Maud
Lowell, '16,
Stanford's ten
nis champion,
was as usual
tho individual
star, and to
got her with
Madeline Turn
er. *IG, defeated
Doris Bstcourt
and Mary La
Grange, *18, in
the preliminar
ies, and Ethel
Lee and Alice
Wells, 'in, In
finals of the


Maud l.ouell, '1(5
and Jessie Smith represented the sen
iors in the third match, which they
won from Herva Dunsliee, '18, and
Marion Hocks, '18. The sophomores
won the second match, being repre
sented by Dorothy Hotsford and
Velona Pilcher, who defeated Anne
Wood, 'IG, and Ellen Andrews, '16.
Anita Marcus and Lucy Hall won the
fourth match from Dorothy Womack,
'16, and Helen Spaulding, '16.
The seniors took the winner's ten
points in the tennis tournament, win-

ning both the
first and third
doubles. Maud
Lowell, '16,
Stanford's ten
nis champion,
was as usual
tho individual
star, and to
got her with
Madeline Turn
er. *IG, defeated
Doris Bstcourt
and Mary La
Grange, *18, in
the preliminar
ies, and Ethel
Lee and Alice
Wells, 'in, In
finals of the


Maud l.ouell, '1(5
and Jessie Smith represented the sen
iors in the third match, which they
won from Herva Dunsliee, '18, and
Marion Hocks, '18. The sophomores
won the second match, being repre
sented by Dorothy Hotsford and
Velona Pilcher, who defeated Anne
Wood, 'IG, and Ellen Andrews, '16.
Anita Marcus and Lucy Hall won the
fourth match from Dorothy Womack,
'16, and Helen Spaulding, '16.
The seniors took the winner's ten
points in the tennis tournament, win-

ning both the
first and third
doubles. Maud
Lowell, '16,
Stanford's ten
nis champion,
was as usual
tho individual
star, and to
got her with
Madeline Turn
er. *IG, defeated
Doris Bstcourt
and Mary La
Grange, *18, in
the preliminar
ies, and Ethel
Lee and Alice
Wells, 'in, In
finals of the


Maud l.ouell, '1(5
and Jessie Smith represented the sen
iors in the third match, which they
won from Herva Dunsliee, '18, and
Marion Hocks, '18. The sophomores
won the second match, being repre
sented by Dorothy Hotsford and
Velona Pilcher, who defeated Anne
Wood, 'IG, and Ellen Andrews, '16.
Anita Marcus and Lucy Hall won the
fourth match from Dorothy Womack,
'16, and Helen Spaulding, '16.
The seniors took the winner's ten
points in the tennis tournament, win-

ning both the
first and third
doubles. Maud
Lowell, '16,
Stanford's ten
nis champion,
was as usual
tho individual
star, and to
got her with
Madeline Turn
er. *IG, defeated
Doris Bstcourt
and Mary La
Grange, *18, in
the preliminar
ies, and Ethel
Lee and Alice
Wells, 'in, In
finals of the


Maud l.ouell, '1(5
and Jessie Smith represented the sen
iors in the third match, which they
won from Herva Dunsliee, '18, and
Marion Hocks, '18. The sophomores
won the second match, being repre
sented by Dorothy Hotsford and
Velona Pilcher, who defeated Anne
Wood, 'IG, and Ellen Andrews, '16.
Anita Marcus and Lucy Hall won the
fourth match from Dorothy Womack,
'16, and Helen Spaulding, '16.
The seniors took the winner's ten
points in the tennis tournament, win-

ning both the
first and third
doubles. Maud
Lowell, '16,
Stanford's ten
nis champion,
was as usual
tho individual
star, and to
got her with
Madeline Turn
er. *IG, defeated
Doris Bstcourt
and Mary La
Grange, *18, in
the preliminar
ies, and Ethel
Lee and Alice
Wells, 'in, In
finals of the


Maud l.ouell, '1(5
and Jessie Smith represented the sen
iors in the third match, which they
won from Herva Dunsliee, '18, and
Marion Hocks, '18. The sophomores
won the second match, being repre
sented by Dorothy Hotsford and
Velona Pilcher, who defeated Anne
Wood, 'IG, and Ellen Andrews, '16.
Anita Marcus and Lucy Hall won the
fourth match from Dorothy Womack,
'16, and Helen Spaulding, '16.
The seniors took the winner's ten
points in the tennis tournament, win-

ning both the
first and third
doubles. Maud
Lowell, '16,
Stanford's ten
nis champion,
was as usual
tho individual
star, and to
got her with
Madeline Turn
er. *IG, defeated
Doris Bstcourt
and Mary La
Grange, *18, in
the preliminar
ies, and Ethel
Lee and Alice
Wells, 'in, In
finals of the


Maud l.ouell, '1(5
and Jessie Smith represented the sen
iors in the third match, which they
won from Herva Dunsliee, '18, and
Marion Hocks, '18. The sophomores
won the second match, being repre
sented by Dorothy Hotsford and
Velona Pilcher, who defeated Anne
Wood, 'IG, and Ellen Andrews, '16.
Anita Marcus and Lucy Hall won the
fourth match from Dorothy Womack,
'16, and Helen Spaulding, '16.
The seniors took the winner's ten
points in the tennis tournament, win-

ning both the
first and third
doubles. Maud
Lowell, '16,
Stanford's ten
nis champion,
was as usual
tho individual
star, and to
got her with
Madeline Turn
er. *IG, defeated
Doris Bstcourt
and Mary La
Grange, *18, in
the preliminar
ies, and Ethel
Lee and Alice
Wells, 'in, In
finals of the


Maud l.ouell, '1(5
and Jessie Smith represented the sen
iors in the third match, which they
won from Herva Dunsliee, '18, and
Marion Hocks, '18. The sophomores
won the second match, being repre
sented by Dorothy Hotsford and
Velona Pilcher, who defeated Anne
Wood, 'IG, and Ellen Andrews, '16.
Anita Marcus and Lucy Hall won the
fourth match from Dorothy Womack,
'16, and Helen Spaulding, '16.
The seniors took the winner's ten
points in the tennis tournament, win-

ning both the
first and third
doubles. Maud
Lowell, '16,
Stanford's ten
nis champion,
was as usual
tho individual
star, and to
got her with
Madeline Turn
er. *IG, defeated
Doris Bstcourt
and Mary La
Grange, *18, in
the preliminar
ies, and Ethel
Lee and Alice
Wells, 'in, In
finals of the


Maud l.ouell, '1(5
and Jessie Smith represented the sen
iors in the third match, which they
won from Herva Dunsliee, '18, and
Marion Hocks, '18. The sophomores
won the second match, being repre
sented by Dorothy Hotsford and
Velona Pilcher, who defeated Anne
Wood, 'IG, and Ellen Andrews, '16.
Anita Marcus and Lucy Hall won the
fourth match from Dorothy Womack,
'16, and Helen Spaulding, '16.
The seniors took the winner's ten
points in the tennis tournament, win-

ning both the
first and third
doubles. Maud
Lowell, '16,
Stanford's ten
nis champion,
was as usual
tho individual
star, and to
got her with
Madeline Turn
er. *IG, defeated
Doris Bstcourt
and Mary La
Grange, *18, in
the preliminar
ies, and Ethel
Lee and Alice
Wells, 'in, In
finals of the


Maud l.ouell, '1(5
and Jessie Smith represented the sen
iors in the third match, which they
won from Herva Dunsliee, '18, and
Marion Hocks, '18. The sophomores
won the second match, being repre
sented by Dorothy Hotsford and
Velona Pilcher, who defeated Anne
Wood, 'IG, and Ellen Andrews, '16.
Anita Marcus and Lucy Hall won the
fourth match from Dorothy Womack,
'16, and Helen Spaulding, '16.
The seniors took the winner's ten
points in the tennis tournament, win-

ning both the
first and third
doubles. Maud
Lowell, '16,
Stanford's ten
nis champion,
was as usual
tho individual
star, and to
got her with
Madeline Turn
er. *IG, defeated
Doris Bstcourt
and Mary La
Grange, *18, in
the preliminar
ies, and Ethel
Lee and Alice
Wells, 'in, In
finals of the


Maud l.ouell, '1(5
and Jessie Smith represented the sen
iors in the third match, which they
won from Herva Dunsliee, '18, and
Marion Hocks, '18. The sophomores
won the second match, being repre
sented by Dorothy Hotsford and
Velona Pilcher, who defeated Anne
Wood, 'IG, and Ellen Andrews, '16.
Anita Marcus and Lucy Hall won the
fourth match from Dorothy Womack,
'16, and Helen Spaulding, '16.
The seniors took the winner's ten
points in the tennis tournament, win-

ning both the
first and third
doubles. Maud
Lowell, '16,
Stanford's ten
nis champion,
was as usual
tho individual
star, and to
got her with
Madeline Turn
er. *IG, defeated
Doris Bstcourt
and Mary La
Grange, *18, in
the preliminar
ies, and Ethel
Lee and Alice
Wells, 'in, In
finals of the


Maud l.ouell, '1(5
and Jessie Smith represented the sen
iors in the third match, which they
won from Herva Dunsliee, '18, and
Marion Hocks, '18. The sophomores
won the second match, being repre
sented by Dorothy Hotsford and
Velona Pilcher, who defeated Anne
Wood, 'IG, and Ellen Andrews, '16.
Anita Marcus and Lucy Hall won the
fourth match from Dorothy Womack,
'16, and Helen Spaulding, '16.
The seniors took the winner's ten
points in the tennis tournament, win-

ning both the
first and third
doubles. Maud
Lowell, '16,
Stanford's ten
nis champion,
was as usual
tho individual
star, and to
got her with
Madeline Turn
er. *IG, defeated
Doris Bstcourt
and Mary La
Grange, *18, in
the preliminar
ies, and Ethel
Lee and Alice
Wells, 'in, In
finals of the


Maud l.ouell, '1(5
and Jessie Smith represented the sen
iors in the third match, which they
won from Herva Dunsliee, '18, and
Marion Hocks, '18. The sophomores
won the second match, being repre
sented by Dorothy Hotsford and
Velona Pilcher, who defeated Anne
Wood, 'IG, and Ellen Andrews, '16.
Anita Marcus and Lucy Hall won the
fourth match from Dorothy Womack,
'16, and Helen Spaulding, '16.
The seniors took the winner's ten
points in the tennis tournament, win-

ning both the
first and third
doubles. Maud
Lowell, '16,
Stanford's ten
nis champion,
was as usual
tho individual
star, and to
got her with
Madeline Turn
er. *IG, defeated
Doris Bstcourt
and Mary La
Grange, *18, in
the preliminar
ies, and Ethel
Lee and Alice
Wells, 'in, In
finals of the


Maud l.ouell, '1(5
and Jessie Smith represented the sen
iors in the third match, which they
won from Herva Dunsliee, '18, and
Marion Hocks, '18. The sophomores
won the second match, being repre
sented by Dorothy Hotsford and
Velona Pilcher, who defeated Anne
Wood, 'IG, and Ellen Andrews, '16.
Anita Marcus and Lucy Hall won the
fourth match from Dorothy Womack,
'16, and Helen Spaulding, '16.
The seniors took the winner's ten
points in the tennis tournament, win-

ning both the
first and third
doubles. Maud
Lowell, '16,
Stanford's ten
nis champion,
was as usual
tho individual
star, and to
got her with
Madeline Turn
er. *IG, defeated
Doris Bstcourt
and Mary La
Grange, *18, in
the preliminar
ies, and Ethel
Lee and Alice
Wells, 'in, In
finals of the


Maud l.ouell, '1(5
and Jessie Smith represented the sen
iors in the third match, which they
won from Herva Dunsliee, '18, and
Marion Hocks, '18. The sophomores
won the second match, being repre
sented by Dorothy Hotsford and
Velona Pilcher, who defeated Anne
Wood, 'IG, and Ellen Andrews, '16.
Anita Marcus and Lucy Hall won the
fourth match from Dorothy Womack,
'16, and Helen Spaulding, '16.
