# VARSITY THEATRE To GIVE BENEFIT SHOW
## 
### 
Two benefit performances will be
given at tlie Varsity Theater on
Thursday afternoon and in the eve
ning. A percentage of the proceeds
will be given to help swell the fund
which is to send the university crew
east. Stanford students are urßcd to

patronize the Varsity on that day,
and an unusually pood program is
offered.
Two benefit performances will be
given at tlie Varsity Theater on
Thursday afternoon and in the eve
ning. A percentage of the proceeds
will be given to help swell the fund
which is to send the university crew
east. Stanford students are urßcd to

patronize the Varsity on that day,
and an unusually pood program is
offered.
Two benefit performances will be
given at tlie Varsity Theater on
Thursday afternoon and in the eve
ning. A percentage of the proceeds
will be given to help swell the fund
which is to send the university crew
east. Stanford students are urßcd to

patronize the Varsity on that day,
and an unusually pood program is
offered.
Two benefit performances will be
given at tlie Varsity Theater on
Thursday afternoon and in the eve
ning. A percentage of the proceeds
will be given to help swell the fund
which is to send the university crew
east. Stanford students are urßcd to

patronize the Varsity on that day,
and an unusually pood program is
offered.
Two benefit performances will be
given at tlie Varsity Theater on
Thursday afternoon and in the eve
ning. A percentage of the proceeds
will be given to help swell the fund
which is to send the university crew
east. Stanford students are urßcd to

patronize the Varsity on that day,
and an unusually pood program is
offered.
Two benefit performances will be
given at tlie Varsity Theater on
Thursday afternoon and in the eve
ning. A percentage of the proceeds
will be given to help swell the fund
which is to send the university crew
east. Stanford students are urßcd to

patronize the Varsity on that day,
and an unusually pood program is
offered.
Two benefit performances will be
given at tlie Varsity Theater on
Thursday afternoon and in the eve
ning. A percentage of the proceeds
will be given to help swell the fund
which is to send the university crew
east. Stanford students are urßcd to

patronize the Varsity on that day,
and an unusually pood program is
offered.
Two benefit performances will be
given at tlie Varsity Theater on
Thursday afternoon and in the eve
ning. A percentage of the proceeds
will be given to help swell the fund
which is to send the university crew
east. Stanford students are urßcd to

patronize the Varsity on that day,
and an unusually pood program is
offered.
Two benefit performances will be
given at tlie Varsity Theater on
Thursday afternoon and in the eve
ning. A percentage of the proceeds
will be given to help swell the fund
which is to send the university crew
east. Stanford students are urßcd to

patronize the Varsity on that day,
and an unusually pood program is
offered.
Two benefit performances will be
given at tlie Varsity Theater on
Thursday afternoon and in the eve
ning. A percentage of the proceeds
will be given to help swell the fund
which is to send the university crew
east. Stanford students are urßcd to

patronize the Varsity on that day,
and an unusually pood program is
offered.
Two benefit performances will be
given at tlie Varsity Theater on
Thursday afternoon and in the eve
ning. A percentage of the proceeds
will be given to help swell the fund
which is to send the university crew
east. Stanford students are urßcd to

patronize the Varsity on that day,
and an unusually pood program is
offered.
Two benefit performances will be
given at tlie Varsity Theater on
Thursday afternoon and in the eve
ning. A percentage of the proceeds
will be given to help swell the fund
which is to send the university crew
east. Stanford students are urßcd to

patronize the Varsity on that day,
and an unusually pood program is
offered.
Two benefit performances will be
given at tlie Varsity Theater on
Thursday afternoon and in the eve
ning. A percentage of the proceeds
will be given to help swell the fund
which is to send the university crew
east. Stanford students are urßcd to

patronize the Varsity on that day,
and an unusually pood program is
offered.
Two benefit performances will be
given at tlie Varsity Theater on
Thursday afternoon and in the eve
ning. A percentage of the proceeds
will be given to help swell the fund
which is to send the university crew
east. Stanford students are urßcd to

patronize the Varsity on that day,
and an unusually pood program is
offered.
