# Convocation Address
## 
### 

President Wallace Sterling yesterday
spoke to a packed house in Memorial
Auditorium as he evaluated American
universities in his annual convocation
address.

President Wallace Sterling yesterday
spoke to a packed house in Memorial
Auditorium as he evaluated American
universities in his annual convocation
address.

President Wallace Sterling yesterday
spoke to a packed house in Memorial
Auditorium as he evaluated American
universities in his annual convocation
address.

President Wallace Sterling yesterday
spoke to a packed house in Memorial
Auditorium as he evaluated American
universities in his annual convocation
address.

President Wallace Sterling yesterday
spoke to a packed house in Memorial
Auditorium as he evaluated American
universities in his annual convocation
address.

President Wallace Sterling yesterday
spoke to a packed house in Memorial
Auditorium as he evaluated American
universities in his annual convocation
address.

President Wallace Sterling yesterday
spoke to a packed house in Memorial
Auditorium as he evaluated American
universities in his annual convocation
address.

President Wallace Sterling yesterday
spoke to a packed house in Memorial
Auditorium as he evaluated American
universities in his annual convocation
address.

President Wallace Sterling yesterday
spoke to a packed house in Memorial
Auditorium as he evaluated American
universities in his annual convocation
address.

President Wallace Sterling yesterday
spoke to a packed house in Memorial
Auditorium as he evaluated American
universities in his annual convocation
address.

President Wallace Sterling yesterday
spoke to a packed house in Memorial
Auditorium as he evaluated American
universities in his annual convocation
address.

President Wallace Sterling yesterday
spoke to a packed house in Memorial
Auditorium as he evaluated American
universities in his annual convocation
address.

President Wallace Sterling yesterday
spoke to a packed house in Memorial
Auditorium as he evaluated American
universities in his annual convocation
address.

President Wallace Sterling yesterday
spoke to a packed house in Memorial
Auditorium as he evaluated American
universities in his annual convocation
address.

President Wallace Sterling yesterday
spoke to a packed house in Memorial
Auditorium as he evaluated American
universities in his annual convocation
address.
