# Weekend Features Ski Races
## 
### 
Winners in last Saturday's
giant slalom race held at Squaw
Valley in conjunction with Win
ter Carnival were Dana More in
the men's division and Lee Kim
ball in the women's. With 18 en
tries More finished with a time
of 45.2 seconds to defeat his clos
est opponent by three seconds.
Six competitors were unable to
complete the course illustrating
the difficulty involved in the
race.
In the women's event only two
contestants entered but the win
ning time was still a respectable
55.5 seconds. Both the men's and
women's champion will receive
trophies.
The highlight of the races was
the beer slalom composed of
Simonsen, Preus, and Arnesen.
They won a keg of beer for the
winning effort.
