# Announcements.
## 
### 
.1 i'Niok I'iAGs. —All members of
the Class of '99 wishing to purchase
plugs will ] lease hand their names
immediately to Filcher, Yost, or
Strong, mt nibers of the committee
on junior hats.
.1 i'Niok I'iAGs. —All members of
the Class of '99 wishing to purchase
plugs will ] lease hand their names
immediately to Filcher, Yost, or
Strong, mt nibers of the committee
on junior hats.
.1 i'Niok I'iAGs. —All members of
the Class of '99 wishing to purchase
plugs will ] lease hand their names
immediately to Filcher, Yost, or
Strong, mt nibers of the committee
on junior hats.
.1 i'Niok I'iAGs. —All members of
the Class of '99 wishing to purchase
plugs will ] lease hand their names
immediately to Filcher, Yost, or
Strong, mt nibers of the committee
on junior hats.
.1 i'Niok I'iAGs. —All members of
the Class of '99 wishing to purchase
plugs will ] lease hand their names
immediately to Filcher, Yost, or
Strong, mt nibers of the committee
on junior hats.
