# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—With a letter from a former
Stanford student who has recently
visited Professor Mary Roberts
Smith at Wellesley, comes the word
that Mrs. Smith is enjoying her
work there greatly. She rejoices ia
the fact that the work is not too
confining to prevent hearing much
of tlif host music and seeing the
best plays.
—With a letter from a former
Stanford student who has recently
visited Professor Mary Roberts
Smith at Wellesley, comes the word
that Mrs. Smith is enjoying her
work there greatly. She rejoices ia
the fact that the work is not too
confining to prevent hearing much
of tlif host music and seeing the
best plays.
—With a letter from a former
Stanford student who has recently
visited Professor Mary Roberts
Smith at Wellesley, comes the word
that Mrs. Smith is enjoying her
work there greatly. She rejoices ia
the fact that the work is not too
confining to prevent hearing much
of tlif host music and seeing the
best plays.
—With a letter from a former
Stanford student who has recently
visited Professor Mary Roberts
Smith at Wellesley, comes the word
that Mrs. Smith is enjoying her
work there greatly. She rejoices ia
the fact that the work is not too
confining to prevent hearing much
of tlif host music and seeing the
best plays.
—With a letter from a former
Stanford student who has recently
visited Professor Mary Roberts
Smith at Wellesley, comes the word
that Mrs. Smith is enjoying her
work there greatly. She rejoices ia
the fact that the work is not too
confining to prevent hearing much
of tlif host music and seeing the
best plays.
