# Farm Grad to Play At Stern Formal
## 
### 
'Hie surrealist murals in Stern
Hall's lounges will blend with sur
realist dance decorations tomorrow
night from 9 to 1 at the dorm's all
campuv spring formal, "Mohilaya."
Bobby Anderson, Stanford grad- j
uote and popular music-maker at
former Farm danccs, will be fea- j
tured. Stern social chairman Ed
Cook reports that entertainment, j
under the direction of Richie Mey
ers, is planned for intermission. I
Refreshments will also be served.
Two-dollar bids are on sale in j
the ASSU and Stern offices. Tick- j
cts can also he purchased at the i
door. Dinner jackets or tuxes arc i
appropriate dress.
'Hie surrealist murals in Stern
Hall's lounges will blend with sur
realist dance decorations tomorrow
night from 9 to 1 at the dorm's all
campuv spring formal, "Mohilaya."
Bobby Anderson, Stanford grad- j
uote and popular music-maker at
former Farm danccs, will be fea- j
tured. Stern social chairman Ed
Cook reports that entertainment, j
under the direction of Richie Mey
ers, is planned for intermission. I
Refreshments will also be served.
Two-dollar bids are on sale in j
the ASSU and Stern offices. Tick- j
cts can also he purchased at the i
door. Dinner jackets or tuxes arc i
appropriate dress.
'Hie surrealist murals in Stern
Hall's lounges will blend with sur
realist dance decorations tomorrow
night from 9 to 1 at the dorm's all
campuv spring formal, "Mohilaya."
Bobby Anderson, Stanford grad- j
uote and popular music-maker at
former Farm danccs, will be fea- j
tured. Stern social chairman Ed
Cook reports that entertainment, j
under the direction of Richie Mey
ers, is planned for intermission. I
Refreshments will also be served.
Two-dollar bids are on sale in j
the ASSU and Stern offices. Tick- j
cts can also he purchased at the i
door. Dinner jackets or tuxes arc i
appropriate dress.
'Hie surrealist murals in Stern
Hall's lounges will blend with sur
realist dance decorations tomorrow
night from 9 to 1 at the dorm's all
campuv spring formal, "Mohilaya."
Bobby Anderson, Stanford grad- j
uote and popular music-maker at
former Farm danccs, will be fea- j
tured. Stern social chairman Ed
Cook reports that entertainment, j
under the direction of Richie Mey
ers, is planned for intermission. I
Refreshments will also be served.
Two-dollar bids are on sale in j
the ASSU and Stern offices. Tick- j
cts can also he purchased at the i
door. Dinner jackets or tuxes arc i
appropriate dress.
'Hie surrealist murals in Stern
Hall's lounges will blend with sur
realist dance decorations tomorrow
night from 9 to 1 at the dorm's all
campuv spring formal, "Mohilaya."
Bobby Anderson, Stanford grad- j
uote and popular music-maker at
former Farm danccs, will be fea- j
tured. Stern social chairman Ed
Cook reports that entertainment, j
under the direction of Richie Mey
ers, is planned for intermission. I
Refreshments will also be served.
Two-dollar bids are on sale in j
the ASSU and Stern offices. Tick- j
cts can also he purchased at the i
door. Dinner jackets or tuxes arc i
appropriate dress.
'Hie surrealist murals in Stern
Hall's lounges will blend with sur
realist dance decorations tomorrow
night from 9 to 1 at the dorm's all
campuv spring formal, "Mohilaya."
Bobby Anderson, Stanford grad- j
uote and popular music-maker at
former Farm danccs, will be fea- j
tured. Stern social chairman Ed
Cook reports that entertainment, j
under the direction of Richie Mey
ers, is planned for intermission. I
Refreshments will also be served.
Two-dollar bids are on sale in j
the ASSU and Stern offices. Tick- j
cts can also he purchased at the i
door. Dinner jackets or tuxes arc i
appropriate dress.
'Hie surrealist murals in Stern
Hall's lounges will blend with sur
realist dance decorations tomorrow
night from 9 to 1 at the dorm's all
campuv spring formal, "Mohilaya."
Bobby Anderson, Stanford grad- j
uote and popular music-maker at
former Farm danccs, will be fea- j
tured. Stern social chairman Ed
Cook reports that entertainment, j
under the direction of Richie Mey
ers, is planned for intermission. I
Refreshments will also be served.
Two-dollar bids are on sale in j
the ASSU and Stern offices. Tick- j
cts can also he purchased at the i
door. Dinner jackets or tuxes arc i
appropriate dress.
'Hie surrealist murals in Stern
Hall's lounges will blend with sur
realist dance decorations tomorrow
night from 9 to 1 at the dorm's all
campuv spring formal, "Mohilaya."
Bobby Anderson, Stanford grad- j
uote and popular music-maker at
former Farm danccs, will be fea- j
tured. Stern social chairman Ed
Cook reports that entertainment, j
under the direction of Richie Mey
ers, is planned for intermission. I
Refreshments will also be served.
Two-dollar bids are on sale in j
the ASSU and Stern offices. Tick- j
cts can also he purchased at the i
door. Dinner jackets or tuxes arc i
appropriate dress.
'Hie surrealist murals in Stern
Hall's lounges will blend with sur
realist dance decorations tomorrow
night from 9 to 1 at the dorm's all
campuv spring formal, "Mohilaya."
Bobby Anderson, Stanford grad- j
uote and popular music-maker at
former Farm danccs, will be fea- j
tured. Stern social chairman Ed
Cook reports that entertainment, j
under the direction of Richie Mey
ers, is planned for intermission. I
Refreshments will also be served.
Two-dollar bids are on sale in j
the ASSU and Stern offices. Tick- j
cts can also he purchased at the i
door. Dinner jackets or tuxes arc i
appropriate dress.
'Hie surrealist murals in Stern
Hall's lounges will blend with sur
realist dance decorations tomorrow
night from 9 to 1 at the dorm's all
campuv spring formal, "Mohilaya."
Bobby Anderson, Stanford grad- j
uote and popular music-maker at
former Farm danccs, will be fea- j
tured. Stern social chairman Ed
Cook reports that entertainment, j
under the direction of Richie Mey
ers, is planned for intermission. I
Refreshments will also be served.
Two-dollar bids are on sale in j
the ASSU and Stern offices. Tick- j
cts can also he purchased at the i
door. Dinner jackets or tuxes arc i
appropriate dress.
'Hie surrealist murals in Stern
Hall's lounges will blend with sur
realist dance decorations tomorrow
night from 9 to 1 at the dorm's all
campuv spring formal, "Mohilaya."
Bobby Anderson, Stanford grad- j
uote and popular music-maker at
former Farm danccs, will be fea- j
tured. Stern social chairman Ed
Cook reports that entertainment, j
under the direction of Richie Mey
ers, is planned for intermission. I
Refreshments will also be served.
Two-dollar bids are on sale in j
the ASSU and Stern offices. Tick- j
cts can also he purchased at the i
door. Dinner jackets or tuxes arc i
appropriate dress.
'Hie surrealist murals in Stern
Hall's lounges will blend with sur
realist dance decorations tomorrow
night from 9 to 1 at the dorm's all
campuv spring formal, "Mohilaya."
Bobby Anderson, Stanford grad- j
uote and popular music-maker at
former Farm danccs, will be fea- j
tured. Stern social chairman Ed
Cook reports that entertainment, j
under the direction of Richie Mey
ers, is planned for intermission. I
Refreshments will also be served.
Two-dollar bids are on sale in j
the ASSU and Stern offices. Tick- j
cts can also he purchased at the i
door. Dinner jackets or tuxes arc i
appropriate dress.
'Hie surrealist murals in Stern
Hall's lounges will blend with sur
realist dance decorations tomorrow
night from 9 to 1 at the dorm's all
campuv spring formal, "Mohilaya."
Bobby Anderson, Stanford grad- j
uote and popular music-maker at
former Farm danccs, will be fea- j
tured. Stern social chairman Ed
Cook reports that entertainment, j
under the direction of Richie Mey
ers, is planned for intermission. I
Refreshments will also be served.
Two-dollar bids are on sale in j
the ASSU and Stern offices. Tick- j
cts can also he purchased at the i
door. Dinner jackets or tuxes arc i
appropriate dress.
'Hie surrealist murals in Stern
Hall's lounges will blend with sur
realist dance decorations tomorrow
night from 9 to 1 at the dorm's all
campuv spring formal, "Mohilaya."
Bobby Anderson, Stanford grad- j
uote and popular music-maker at
former Farm danccs, will be fea- j
tured. Stern social chairman Ed
Cook reports that entertainment, j
under the direction of Richie Mey
ers, is planned for intermission. I
Refreshments will also be served.
Two-dollar bids are on sale in j
the ASSU and Stern offices. Tick- j
cts can also he purchased at the i
door. Dinner jackets or tuxes arc i
appropriate dress.
'Hie surrealist murals in Stern
Hall's lounges will blend with sur
realist dance decorations tomorrow
night from 9 to 1 at the dorm's all
campuv spring formal, "Mohilaya."
Bobby Anderson, Stanford grad- j
uote and popular music-maker at
former Farm danccs, will be fea- j
tured. Stern social chairman Ed
Cook reports that entertainment, j
under the direction of Richie Mey
ers, is planned for intermission. I
Refreshments will also be served.
Two-dollar bids are on sale in j
the ASSU and Stern offices. Tick- j
cts can also he purchased at the i
door. Dinner jackets or tuxes arc i
appropriate dress.
