# DIVIDEX APPLICATIONS
## 
### 
Applications for the co-manager
ship of the 1953 Dividex are due to
be turned in at the ASSU office
Monday. Applicants will be con
tacted by Publications Board for in
terviews next week.
Applications for the co-manager
ship of the 1953 Dividex are due to
be turned in at the ASSU office
Monday. Applicants will be con
tacted by Publications Board for in
terviews next week.
Applications for the co-manager
ship of the 1953 Dividex are due to
be turned in at the ASSU office
Monday. Applicants will be con
tacted by Publications Board for in
terviews next week.
Applications for the co-manager
ship of the 1953 Dividex are due to
be turned in at the ASSU office
Monday. Applicants will be con
tacted by Publications Board for in
terviews next week.
Applications for the co-manager
ship of the 1953 Dividex are due to
be turned in at the ASSU office
Monday. Applicants will be con
tacted by Publications Board for in
terviews next week.
Applications for the co-manager
ship of the 1953 Dividex are due to
be turned in at the ASSU office
Monday. Applicants will be con
tacted by Publications Board for in
terviews next week.
Applications for the co-manager
ship of the 1953 Dividex are due to
be turned in at the ASSU office
Monday. Applicants will be con
tacted by Publications Board for in
terviews next week.
Applications for the co-manager
ship of the 1953 Dividex are due to
be turned in at the ASSU office
Monday. Applicants will be con
tacted by Publications Board for in
terviews next week.
Applications for the co-manager
ship of the 1953 Dividex are due to
be turned in at the ASSU office
Monday. Applicants will be con
tacted by Publications Board for in
terviews next week.
Applications for the co-manager
ship of the 1953 Dividex are due to
be turned in at the ASSU office
Monday. Applicants will be con
tacted by Publications Board for in
terviews next week.
Applications for the co-manager
ship of the 1953 Dividex are due to
be turned in at the ASSU office
Monday. Applicants will be con
tacted by Publications Board for in
terviews next week.
Applications for the co-manager
ship of the 1953 Dividex are due to
be turned in at the ASSU office
Monday. Applicants will be con
tacted by Publications Board for in
terviews next week.
Applications for the co-manager
ship of the 1953 Dividex are due to
be turned in at the ASSU office
Monday. Applicants will be con
tacted by Publications Board for in
terviews next week.
Applications for the co-manager
ship of the 1953 Dividex are due to
be turned in at the ASSU office
Monday. Applicants will be con
tacted by Publications Board for in
terviews next week.
Applications for the co-manager
ship of the 1953 Dividex are due to
be turned in at the ASSU office
Monday. Applicants will be con
tacted by Publications Board for in
terviews next week.
