# Trueblood Sermon Interprets 'Jonah'
## 
### 
"Jonah" was the topic of Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood's sermon in the Me
morial Church yesterday. As his
text, the chaplain took the whole
book of Jonah, and pointed out that
both the defenders of the Bible and
the detractors had made-the mistake
of emphasizing the whale, thereby
missing the point to the story.
"Jonah" was the topic of Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood's sermon in the Me
morial Church yesterday. As his
text, the chaplain took the whole
book of Jonah, and pointed out that
both the defenders of the Bible and
the detractors had made-the mistake
of emphasizing the whale, thereby
missing the point to the story.
"Jonah" was the topic of Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood's sermon in the Me
morial Church yesterday. As his
text, the chaplain took the whole
book of Jonah, and pointed out that
both the defenders of the Bible and
the detractors had made-the mistake
of emphasizing the whale, thereby
missing the point to the story.
"Jonah" was the topic of Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood's sermon in the Me
morial Church yesterday. As his
text, the chaplain took the whole
book of Jonah, and pointed out that
both the defenders of the Bible and
the detractors had made-the mistake
of emphasizing the whale, thereby
missing the point to the story.
"Jonah" was the topic of Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood's sermon in the Me
morial Church yesterday. As his
text, the chaplain took the whole
book of Jonah, and pointed out that
both the defenders of the Bible and
the detractors had made-the mistake
of emphasizing the whale, thereby
missing the point to the story.
"Jonah" was the topic of Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood's sermon in the Me
morial Church yesterday. As his
text, the chaplain took the whole
book of Jonah, and pointed out that
both the defenders of the Bible and
the detractors had made-the mistake
of emphasizing the whale, thereby
missing the point to the story.
"Jonah" was the topic of Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood's sermon in the Me
morial Church yesterday. As his
text, the chaplain took the whole
book of Jonah, and pointed out that
both the defenders of the Bible and
the detractors had made-the mistake
of emphasizing the whale, thereby
missing the point to the story.
"Jonah" was the topic of Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood's sermon in the Me
morial Church yesterday. As his
text, the chaplain took the whole
book of Jonah, and pointed out that
both the defenders of the Bible and
the detractors had made-the mistake
of emphasizing the whale, thereby
missing the point to the story.
"Jonah" was the topic of Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood's sermon in the Me
morial Church yesterday. As his
text, the chaplain took the whole
book of Jonah, and pointed out that
both the defenders of the Bible and
the detractors had made-the mistake
of emphasizing the whale, thereby
missing the point to the story.
"Jonah" was the topic of Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood's sermon in the Me
morial Church yesterday. As his
text, the chaplain took the whole
book of Jonah, and pointed out that
both the defenders of the Bible and
the detractors had made-the mistake
of emphasizing the whale, thereby
missing the point to the story.
"Jonah" was the topic of Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood's sermon in the Me
morial Church yesterday. As his
text, the chaplain took the whole
book of Jonah, and pointed out that
both the defenders of the Bible and
the detractors had made-the mistake
of emphasizing the whale, thereby
missing the point to the story.
"Jonah" was the topic of Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood's sermon in the Me
morial Church yesterday. As his
text, the chaplain took the whole
book of Jonah, and pointed out that
both the defenders of the Bible and
the detractors had made-the mistake
of emphasizing the whale, thereby
missing the point to the story.
"Jonah" was the topic of Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood's sermon in the Me
morial Church yesterday. As his
text, the chaplain took the whole
book of Jonah, and pointed out that
both the defenders of the Bible and
the detractors had made-the mistake
of emphasizing the whale, thereby
missing the point to the story.
"Jonah" was the topic of Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood's sermon in the Me
morial Church yesterday. As his
text, the chaplain took the whole
book of Jonah, and pointed out that
both the defenders of the Bible and
the detractors had made-the mistake
of emphasizing the whale, thereby
missing the point to the story.
"Jonah" was the topic of Dr. D.
Elton Trueblood's sermon in the Me
morial Church yesterday. As his
text, the chaplain took the whole
book of Jonah, and pointed out that
both the defenders of the Bible and
the detractors had made-the mistake
of emphasizing the whale, thereby
missing the point to the story.
