# Morris To Speak Oil Stanford Hour
## 
### 
Samuel B. Morris, Dean of the
School of Engineering, i.s speaker
tonight on the Stanford Radio Hour,
using the public water supply as his
topic over station K.GO at 8:30
o'clock.
Professor Morris will discuss the
milestones of progress that have
made possible the modern public
water systems, which at the same
time have lately eliminated the
scourge of water-borne diseases that
harassed urban populations until
water works of the present century.
Samuel B. Morris, Dean of the
School of Engineering, i.s speaker
tonight on the Stanford Radio Hour,
using the public water supply as his
topic over station K.GO at 8:30
o'clock.
Professor Morris will discuss the
milestones of progress that have
made possible the modern public
water systems, which at the same
time have lately eliminated the
scourge of water-borne diseases that
harassed urban populations until
water works of the present century.
Samuel B. Morris, Dean of the
School of Engineering, i.s speaker
tonight on the Stanford Radio Hour,
using the public water supply as his
topic over station K.GO at 8:30
o'clock.
Professor Morris will discuss the
milestones of progress that have
made possible the modern public
water systems, which at the same
time have lately eliminated the
scourge of water-borne diseases that
harassed urban populations until
water works of the present century.
Samuel B. Morris, Dean of the
School of Engineering, i.s speaker
tonight on the Stanford Radio Hour,
using the public water supply as his
topic over station K.GO at 8:30
o'clock.
Professor Morris will discuss the
milestones of progress that have
made possible the modern public
water systems, which at the same
time have lately eliminated the
scourge of water-borne diseases that
harassed urban populations until
water works of the present century.
Samuel B. Morris, Dean of the
School of Engineering, i.s speaker
tonight on the Stanford Radio Hour,
using the public water supply as his
topic over station K.GO at 8:30
o'clock.
Professor Morris will discuss the
milestones of progress that have
made possible the modern public
water systems, which at the same
time have lately eliminated the
scourge of water-borne diseases that
harassed urban populations until
water works of the present century.
Samuel B. Morris, Dean of the
School of Engineering, i.s speaker
tonight on the Stanford Radio Hour,
using the public water supply as his
topic over station K.GO at 8:30
o'clock.
Professor Morris will discuss the
milestones of progress that have
made possible the modern public
water systems, which at the same
time have lately eliminated the
scourge of water-borne diseases that
harassed urban populations until
water works of the present century.
Samuel B. Morris, Dean of the
School of Engineering, i.s speaker
tonight on the Stanford Radio Hour,
using the public water supply as his
topic over station K.GO at 8:30
o'clock.
Professor Morris will discuss the
milestones of progress that have
made possible the modern public
water systems, which at the same
time have lately eliminated the
scourge of water-borne diseases that
harassed urban populations until
water works of the present century.
Samuel B. Morris, Dean of the
School of Engineering, i.s speaker
tonight on the Stanford Radio Hour,
using the public water supply as his
topic over station K.GO at 8:30
o'clock.
Professor Morris will discuss the
milestones of progress that have
made possible the modern public
water systems, which at the same
time have lately eliminated the
scourge of water-borne diseases that
harassed urban populations until
water works of the present century.
Samuel B. Morris, Dean of the
School of Engineering, i.s speaker
tonight on the Stanford Radio Hour,
using the public water supply as his
topic over station K.GO at 8:30
o'clock.
Professor Morris will discuss the
milestones of progress that have
made possible the modern public
water systems, which at the same
time have lately eliminated the
scourge of water-borne diseases that
harassed urban populations until
water works of the present century.
Samuel B. Morris, Dean of the
School of Engineering, i.s speaker
tonight on the Stanford Radio Hour,
using the public water supply as his
topic over station K.GO at 8:30
o'clock.
Professor Morris will discuss the
milestones of progress that have
made possible the modern public
water systems, which at the same
time have lately eliminated the
scourge of water-borne diseases that
harassed urban populations until
water works of the present century.
Samuel B. Morris, Dean of the
School of Engineering, i.s speaker
tonight on the Stanford Radio Hour,
using the public water supply as his
topic over station K.GO at 8:30
o'clock.
Professor Morris will discuss the
milestones of progress that have
made possible the modern public
water systems, which at the same
time have lately eliminated the
scourge of water-borne diseases that
harassed urban populations until
water works of the present century.
Samuel B. Morris, Dean of the
School of Engineering, i.s speaker
tonight on the Stanford Radio Hour,
using the public water supply as his
topic over station K.GO at 8:30
o'clock.
Professor Morris will discuss the
milestones of progress that have
made possible the modern public
water systems, which at the same
time have lately eliminated the
scourge of water-borne diseases that
harassed urban populations until
water works of the present century.
Samuel B. Morris, Dean of the
School of Engineering, i.s speaker
tonight on the Stanford Radio Hour,
using the public water supply as his
topic over station K.GO at 8:30
o'clock.
Professor Morris will discuss the
milestones of progress that have
made possible the modern public
water systems, which at the same
time have lately eliminated the
scourge of water-borne diseases that
harassed urban populations until
water works of the present century.
Samuel B. Morris, Dean of the
School of Engineering, i.s speaker
tonight on the Stanford Radio Hour,
using the public water supply as his
topic over station K.GO at 8:30
o'clock.
Professor Morris will discuss the
milestones of progress that have
made possible the modern public
water systems, which at the same
time have lately eliminated the
scourge of water-borne diseases that
harassed urban populations until
water works of the present century.
Samuel B. Morris, Dean of the
School of Engineering, i.s speaker
tonight on the Stanford Radio Hour,
using the public water supply as his
topic over station K.GO at 8:30
o'clock.
Professor Morris will discuss the
milestones of progress that have
made possible the modern public
water systems, which at the same
time have lately eliminated the
scourge of water-borne diseases that
harassed urban populations until
water works of the present century.
