# Roth Seen As New Head Of Shipowners
## Comptroller Considered By S.F. Employers For Labor Relations Job 
### 
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University since 1919, is being con
sidered as possible successor to
Thomas G. Plant, head of San Fran
cisco's Waterfront Employers' Asso
ciation and coast committee of ship
owners.
Were Comptroller Roth to succeed
Plant, who hopes to retire as soon as
the current waterfront trouble is
solved, he would assume the leader
ship of the Pacific Coast's ship
builders in their group negotiations
wilh labor.
A shipbuilders' committee will ap
proach the comptroller early this
week with a formal offer. Whether
Roth will take the new position will
probably be known within a few
days.

Roth's services have been sought
in the last 18 years by many organ
izations, including the Federal Gov
ernment and the State of California.
President Roosevelt at one time of
fered him the post of Relief Admin
istrator • for the Western United
States.
Two California governors, recog
nizing him as a financial and econom
ic expert, asked him to become State
Director of Finance, but Roth de
murred.
Today Almon Roth is vice-presi
dent of the California State Chamber
of Commerce, a former president of
Rotary International. He graduated
from the Stanford law school after
serving as A.S.S.U. president in 1909.
Before becoming comptroller in 1919,
he had his own law practice and was
actively interested in the lumber and
mining business.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University since 1919, is being con
sidered as possible successor to
Thomas G. Plant, head of San Fran
cisco's Waterfront Employers' Asso
ciation and coast committee of ship
owners.
Were Comptroller Roth to succeed
Plant, who hopes to retire as soon as
the current waterfront trouble is
solved, he would assume the leader
ship of the Pacific Coast's ship
builders in their group negotiations
wilh labor.
A shipbuilders' committee will ap
proach the comptroller early this
week with a formal offer. Whether
Roth will take the new position will
probably be known within a few
days.

Roth's services have been sought
in the last 18 years by many organ
izations, including the Federal Gov
ernment and the State of California.
President Roosevelt at one time of
fered him the post of Relief Admin
istrator • for the Western United
States.
Two California governors, recog
nizing him as a financial and econom
ic expert, asked him to become State
Director of Finance, but Roth de
murred.
Today Almon Roth is vice-presi
dent of the California State Chamber
of Commerce, a former president of
Rotary International. He graduated
from the Stanford law school after
serving as A.S.S.U. president in 1909.
Before becoming comptroller in 1919,
he had his own law practice and was
actively interested in the lumber and
mining business.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University since 1919, is being con
sidered as possible successor to
Thomas G. Plant, head of San Fran
cisco's Waterfront Employers' Asso
ciation and coast committee of ship
owners.
Were Comptroller Roth to succeed
Plant, who hopes to retire as soon as
the current waterfront trouble is
solved, he would assume the leader
ship of the Pacific Coast's ship
builders in their group negotiations
wilh labor.
A shipbuilders' committee will ap
proach the comptroller early this
week with a formal offer. Whether
Roth will take the new position will
probably be known within a few
days.

Roth's services have been sought
in the last 18 years by many organ
izations, including the Federal Gov
ernment and the State of California.
President Roosevelt at one time of
fered him the post of Relief Admin
istrator • for the Western United
States.
Two California governors, recog
nizing him as a financial and econom
ic expert, asked him to become State
Director of Finance, but Roth de
murred.
Today Almon Roth is vice-presi
dent of the California State Chamber
of Commerce, a former president of
Rotary International. He graduated
from the Stanford law school after
serving as A.S.S.U. president in 1909.
Before becoming comptroller in 1919,
he had his own law practice and was
actively interested in the lumber and
mining business.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University since 1919, is being con
sidered as possible successor to
Thomas G. Plant, head of San Fran
cisco's Waterfront Employers' Asso
ciation and coast committee of ship
owners.
Were Comptroller Roth to succeed
Plant, who hopes to retire as soon as
the current waterfront trouble is
solved, he would assume the leader
ship of the Pacific Coast's ship
builders in their group negotiations
wilh labor.
A shipbuilders' committee will ap
proach the comptroller early this
week with a formal offer. Whether
Roth will take the new position will
probably be known within a few
days.

Roth's services have been sought
in the last 18 years by many organ
izations, including the Federal Gov
ernment and the State of California.
President Roosevelt at one time of
fered him the post of Relief Admin
istrator • for the Western United
States.
Two California governors, recog
nizing him as a financial and econom
ic expert, asked him to become State
Director of Finance, but Roth de
murred.
Today Almon Roth is vice-presi
dent of the California State Chamber
of Commerce, a former president of
Rotary International. He graduated
from the Stanford law school after
serving as A.S.S.U. president in 1909.
Before becoming comptroller in 1919,
he had his own law practice and was
actively interested in the lumber and
mining business.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University since 1919, is being con
sidered as possible successor to
Thomas G. Plant, head of San Fran
cisco's Waterfront Employers' Asso
ciation and coast committee of ship
owners.
Were Comptroller Roth to succeed
Plant, who hopes to retire as soon as
the current waterfront trouble is
solved, he would assume the leader
ship of the Pacific Coast's ship
builders in their group negotiations
wilh labor.
A shipbuilders' committee will ap
proach the comptroller early this
week with a formal offer. Whether
Roth will take the new position will
probably be known within a few
days.

Roth's services have been sought
in the last 18 years by many organ
izations, including the Federal Gov
ernment and the State of California.
President Roosevelt at one time of
fered him the post of Relief Admin
istrator • for the Western United
States.
Two California governors, recog
nizing him as a financial and econom
ic expert, asked him to become State
Director of Finance, but Roth de
murred.
Today Almon Roth is vice-presi
dent of the California State Chamber
of Commerce, a former president of
Rotary International. He graduated
from the Stanford law school after
serving as A.S.S.U. president in 1909.
Before becoming comptroller in 1919,
he had his own law practice and was
actively interested in the lumber and
mining business.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University since 1919, is being con
sidered as possible successor to
Thomas G. Plant, head of San Fran
cisco's Waterfront Employers' Asso
ciation and coast committee of ship
owners.
Were Comptroller Roth to succeed
Plant, who hopes to retire as soon as
the current waterfront trouble is
solved, he would assume the leader
ship of the Pacific Coast's ship
builders in their group negotiations
wilh labor.
A shipbuilders' committee will ap
proach the comptroller early this
week with a formal offer. Whether
Roth will take the new position will
probably be known within a few
days.

Roth's services have been sought
in the last 18 years by many organ
izations, including the Federal Gov
ernment and the State of California.
President Roosevelt at one time of
fered him the post of Relief Admin
istrator • for the Western United
States.
Two California governors, recog
nizing him as a financial and econom
ic expert, asked him to become State
Director of Finance, but Roth de
murred.
Today Almon Roth is vice-presi
dent of the California State Chamber
of Commerce, a former president of
Rotary International. He graduated
from the Stanford law school after
serving as A.S.S.U. president in 1909.
Before becoming comptroller in 1919,
he had his own law practice and was
actively interested in the lumber and
mining business.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University since 1919, is being con
sidered as possible successor to
Thomas G. Plant, head of San Fran
cisco's Waterfront Employers' Asso
ciation and coast committee of ship
owners.
Were Comptroller Roth to succeed
Plant, who hopes to retire as soon as
the current waterfront trouble is
solved, he would assume the leader
ship of the Pacific Coast's ship
builders in their group negotiations
wilh labor.
A shipbuilders' committee will ap
proach the comptroller early this
week with a formal offer. Whether
Roth will take the new position will
probably be known within a few
days.

Roth's services have been sought
in the last 18 years by many organ
izations, including the Federal Gov
ernment and the State of California.
President Roosevelt at one time of
fered him the post of Relief Admin
istrator • for the Western United
States.
Two California governors, recog
nizing him as a financial and econom
ic expert, asked him to become State
Director of Finance, but Roth de
murred.
Today Almon Roth is vice-presi
dent of the California State Chamber
of Commerce, a former president of
Rotary International. He graduated
from the Stanford law school after
serving as A.S.S.U. president in 1909.
Before becoming comptroller in 1919,
he had his own law practice and was
actively interested in the lumber and
mining business.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University since 1919, is being con
sidered as possible successor to
Thomas G. Plant, head of San Fran
cisco's Waterfront Employers' Asso
ciation and coast committee of ship
owners.
Were Comptroller Roth to succeed
Plant, who hopes to retire as soon as
the current waterfront trouble is
solved, he would assume the leader
ship of the Pacific Coast's ship
builders in their group negotiations
wilh labor.
A shipbuilders' committee will ap
proach the comptroller early this
week with a formal offer. Whether
Roth will take the new position will
probably be known within a few
days.

Roth's services have been sought
in the last 18 years by many organ
izations, including the Federal Gov
ernment and the State of California.
President Roosevelt at one time of
fered him the post of Relief Admin
istrator • for the Western United
States.
Two California governors, recog
nizing him as a financial and econom
ic expert, asked him to become State
Director of Finance, but Roth de
murred.
Today Almon Roth is vice-presi
dent of the California State Chamber
of Commerce, a former president of
Rotary International. He graduated
from the Stanford law school after
serving as A.S.S.U. president in 1909.
Before becoming comptroller in 1919,
he had his own law practice and was
actively interested in the lumber and
mining business.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University since 1919, is being con
sidered as possible successor to
Thomas G. Plant, head of San Fran
cisco's Waterfront Employers' Asso
ciation and coast committee of ship
owners.
Were Comptroller Roth to succeed
Plant, who hopes to retire as soon as
the current waterfront trouble is
solved, he would assume the leader
ship of the Pacific Coast's ship
builders in their group negotiations
wilh labor.
A shipbuilders' committee will ap
proach the comptroller early this
week with a formal offer. Whether
Roth will take the new position will
probably be known within a few
days.

Roth's services have been sought
in the last 18 years by many organ
izations, including the Federal Gov
ernment and the State of California.
President Roosevelt at one time of
fered him the post of Relief Admin
istrator • for the Western United
States.
Two California governors, recog
nizing him as a financial and econom
ic expert, asked him to become State
Director of Finance, but Roth de
murred.
Today Almon Roth is vice-presi
dent of the California State Chamber
of Commerce, a former president of
Rotary International. He graduated
from the Stanford law school after
serving as A.S.S.U. president in 1909.
Before becoming comptroller in 1919,
he had his own law practice and was
actively interested in the lumber and
mining business.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University since 1919, is being con
sidered as possible successor to
Thomas G. Plant, head of San Fran
cisco's Waterfront Employers' Asso
ciation and coast committee of ship
owners.
Were Comptroller Roth to succeed
Plant, who hopes to retire as soon as
the current waterfront trouble is
solved, he would assume the leader
ship of the Pacific Coast's ship
builders in their group negotiations
wilh labor.
A shipbuilders' committee will ap
proach the comptroller early this
week with a formal offer. Whether
Roth will take the new position will
probably be known within a few
days.

Roth's services have been sought
in the last 18 years by many organ
izations, including the Federal Gov
ernment and the State of California.
President Roosevelt at one time of
fered him the post of Relief Admin
istrator • for the Western United
States.
Two California governors, recog
nizing him as a financial and econom
ic expert, asked him to become State
Director of Finance, but Roth de
murred.
Today Almon Roth is vice-presi
dent of the California State Chamber
of Commerce, a former president of
Rotary International. He graduated
from the Stanford law school after
serving as A.S.S.U. president in 1909.
Before becoming comptroller in 1919,
he had his own law practice and was
actively interested in the lumber and
mining business.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University since 1919, is being con
sidered as possible successor to
Thomas G. Plant, head of San Fran
cisco's Waterfront Employers' Asso
ciation and coast committee of ship
owners.
Were Comptroller Roth to succeed
Plant, who hopes to retire as soon as
the current waterfront trouble is
solved, he would assume the leader
ship of the Pacific Coast's ship
builders in their group negotiations
wilh labor.
A shipbuilders' committee will ap
proach the comptroller early this
week with a formal offer. Whether
Roth will take the new position will
probably be known within a few
days.

Roth's services have been sought
in the last 18 years by many organ
izations, including the Federal Gov
ernment and the State of California.
President Roosevelt at one time of
fered him the post of Relief Admin
istrator • for the Western United
States.
Two California governors, recog
nizing him as a financial and econom
ic expert, asked him to become State
Director of Finance, but Roth de
murred.
Today Almon Roth is vice-presi
dent of the California State Chamber
of Commerce, a former president of
Rotary International. He graduated
from the Stanford law school after
serving as A.S.S.U. president in 1909.
Before becoming comptroller in 1919,
he had his own law practice and was
actively interested in the lumber and
mining business.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University since 1919, is being con
sidered as possible successor to
Thomas G. Plant, head of San Fran
cisco's Waterfront Employers' Asso
ciation and coast committee of ship
owners.
Were Comptroller Roth to succeed
Plant, who hopes to retire as soon as
the current waterfront trouble is
solved, he would assume the leader
ship of the Pacific Coast's ship
builders in their group negotiations
wilh labor.
A shipbuilders' committee will ap
proach the comptroller early this
week with a formal offer. Whether
Roth will take the new position will
probably be known within a few
days.

Roth's services have been sought
in the last 18 years by many organ
izations, including the Federal Gov
ernment and the State of California.
President Roosevelt at one time of
fered him the post of Relief Admin
istrator • for the Western United
States.
Two California governors, recog
nizing him as a financial and econom
ic expert, asked him to become State
Director of Finance, but Roth de
murred.
Today Almon Roth is vice-presi
dent of the California State Chamber
of Commerce, a former president of
Rotary International. He graduated
from the Stanford law school after
serving as A.S.S.U. president in 1909.
Before becoming comptroller in 1919,
he had his own law practice and was
actively interested in the lumber and
mining business.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University since 1919, is being con
sidered as possible successor to
Thomas G. Plant, head of San Fran
cisco's Waterfront Employers' Asso
ciation and coast committee of ship
owners.
Were Comptroller Roth to succeed
Plant, who hopes to retire as soon as
the current waterfront trouble is
solved, he would assume the leader
ship of the Pacific Coast's ship
builders in their group negotiations
wilh labor.
A shipbuilders' committee will ap
proach the comptroller early this
week with a formal offer. Whether
Roth will take the new position will
probably be known within a few
days.

Roth's services have been sought
in the last 18 years by many organ
izations, including the Federal Gov
ernment and the State of California.
President Roosevelt at one time of
fered him the post of Relief Admin
istrator • for the Western United
States.
Two California governors, recog
nizing him as a financial and econom
ic expert, asked him to become State
Director of Finance, but Roth de
murred.
Today Almon Roth is vice-presi
dent of the California State Chamber
of Commerce, a former president of
Rotary International. He graduated
from the Stanford law school after
serving as A.S.S.U. president in 1909.
Before becoming comptroller in 1919,
he had his own law practice and was
actively interested in the lumber and
mining business.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University since 1919, is being con
sidered as possible successor to
Thomas G. Plant, head of San Fran
cisco's Waterfront Employers' Asso
ciation and coast committee of ship
owners.
Were Comptroller Roth to succeed
Plant, who hopes to retire as soon as
the current waterfront trouble is
solved, he would assume the leader
ship of the Pacific Coast's ship
builders in their group negotiations
wilh labor.
A shipbuilders' committee will ap
proach the comptroller early this
week with a formal offer. Whether
Roth will take the new position will
probably be known within a few
days.

Roth's services have been sought
in the last 18 years by many organ
izations, including the Federal Gov
ernment and the State of California.
President Roosevelt at one time of
fered him the post of Relief Admin
istrator • for the Western United
States.
Two California governors, recog
nizing him as a financial and econom
ic expert, asked him to become State
Director of Finance, but Roth de
murred.
Today Almon Roth is vice-presi
dent of the California State Chamber
of Commerce, a former president of
Rotary International. He graduated
from the Stanford law school after
serving as A.S.S.U. president in 1909.
Before becoming comptroller in 1919,
he had his own law practice and was
actively interested in the lumber and
mining business.
Almon E. Roth, comptroller of the
University since 1919, is being con
sidered as possible successor to
Thomas G. Plant, head of San Fran
cisco's Waterfront Employers' Asso
ciation and coast committee of ship
owners.
Were Comptroller Roth to succeed
Plant, who hopes to retire as soon as
the current waterfront trouble is
solved, he would assume the leader
ship of the Pacific Coast's ship
builders in their group negotiations
wilh labor.
A shipbuilders' committee will ap
proach the comptroller early this
week with a formal offer. Whether
Roth will take the new position will
probably be known within a few
days.

Roth's services have been sought
in the last 18 years by many organ
izations, including the Federal Gov
ernment and the State of California.
President Roosevelt at one time of
fered him the post of Relief Admin
istrator • for the Western United
States.
Two California governors, recog
nizing him as a financial and econom
ic expert, asked him to become State
Director of Finance, but Roth de
murred.
Today Almon Roth is vice-presi
dent of the California State Chamber
of Commerce, a former president of
Rotary International. He graduated
from the Stanford law school after
serving as A.S.S.U. president in 1909.
Before becoming comptroller in 1919,
he had his own law practice and was
actively interested in the lumber and
mining business.
