# Russian Pianist To Play Here
## Rachmaninoff Presents Wednesday's Concert 
### 
Sergei Rachmaninoff, one of the
foremost musicians that Russia has
yet produced, will be heard in the
Pavilion this Wednesday night at
8:20.
Originally scheduled to appear on
January 28, Mr. Rachmaninoff was
forced to delay his western tour two
weeks and will now be presented as
the third attraction of the Concert
Scries.
His program will consist of num
bers from both the classical masters
and the more modern composers. His
first selection will be Handel's "Va
riations in E Major," which was writ
ten as the last section of a harpsi
chorde suite.
Two of the pianist-composer's own
more recent compositions will appear
on the program, "Daisies," and "Ori
ental Sketch."
Also included are the Beethoven
"Sonata in D Minor," and selections
by John Field, an American com
poser. The concluding numbers, by
Liszt, will include "Raphsodie No.
12."
On the morning of the concert, Mr.
Raymond Kendall will lecture on the
Rachmaninoff concert program at 10
o'clock in Room 84. Anyone inter
ested is invited to attend.
Tickets are $2.50, $2, and $1.50 and
may be obtained at Keeble's in Palo
Alto, Sherman Clay in San Jose, or
at the Concert Series office in the
Old Union. Season tickets are still
available for the rest of the series.
Sergei Rachmaninoff, one of the
foremost musicians that Russia has
yet produced, will be heard in the
Pavilion this Wednesday night at
8:20.
Originally scheduled to appear on
January 28, Mr. Rachmaninoff was
forced to delay his western tour two
weeks and will now be presented as
the third attraction of the Concert
Scries.
His program will consist of num
bers from both the classical masters
and the more modern composers. His
first selection will be Handel's "Va
riations in E Major," which was writ
ten as the last section of a harpsi
chorde suite.
Two of the pianist-composer's own
more recent compositions will appear
on the program, "Daisies," and "Ori
ental Sketch."
Also included are the Beethoven
"Sonata in D Minor," and selections
by John Field, an American com
poser. The concluding numbers, by
Liszt, will include "Raphsodie No.
12."
On the morning of the concert, Mr.
Raymond Kendall will lecture on the
Rachmaninoff concert program at 10
o'clock in Room 84. Anyone inter
ested is invited to attend.
Tickets are $2.50, $2, and $1.50 and
may be obtained at Keeble's in Palo
Alto, Sherman Clay in San Jose, or
at the Concert Series office in the
Old Union. Season tickets are still
available for the rest of the series.
Sergei Rachmaninoff, one of the
foremost musicians that Russia has
yet produced, will be heard in the
Pavilion this Wednesday night at
8:20.
Originally scheduled to appear on
January 28, Mr. Rachmaninoff was
forced to delay his western tour two
weeks and will now be presented as
the third attraction of the Concert
Scries.
His program will consist of num
bers from both the classical masters
and the more modern composers. His
first selection will be Handel's "Va
riations in E Major," which was writ
ten as the last section of a harpsi
chorde suite.
Two of the pianist-composer's own
more recent compositions will appear
on the program, "Daisies," and "Ori
ental Sketch."
Also included are the Beethoven
"Sonata in D Minor," and selections
by John Field, an American com
poser. The concluding numbers, by
Liszt, will include "Raphsodie No.
12."
On the morning of the concert, Mr.
Raymond Kendall will lecture on the
Rachmaninoff concert program at 10
o'clock in Room 84. Anyone inter
ested is invited to attend.
Tickets are $2.50, $2, and $1.50 and
may be obtained at Keeble's in Palo
Alto, Sherman Clay in San Jose, or
at the Concert Series office in the
Old Union. Season tickets are still
available for the rest of the series.
Sergei Rachmaninoff, one of the
foremost musicians that Russia has
yet produced, will be heard in the
Pavilion this Wednesday night at
8:20.
Originally scheduled to appear on
January 28, Mr. Rachmaninoff was
forced to delay his western tour two
weeks and will now be presented as
the third attraction of the Concert
Scries.
His program will consist of num
bers from both the classical masters
and the more modern composers. His
first selection will be Handel's "Va
riations in E Major," which was writ
ten as the last section of a harpsi
chorde suite.
Two of the pianist-composer's own
more recent compositions will appear
on the program, "Daisies," and "Ori
ental Sketch."
Also included are the Beethoven
"Sonata in D Minor," and selections
by John Field, an American com
poser. The concluding numbers, by
Liszt, will include "Raphsodie No.
12."
On the morning of the concert, Mr.
Raymond Kendall will lecture on the
Rachmaninoff concert program at 10
o'clock in Room 84. Anyone inter
ested is invited to attend.
Tickets are $2.50, $2, and $1.50 and
may be obtained at Keeble's in Palo
Alto, Sherman Clay in San Jose, or
at the Concert Series office in the
Old Union. Season tickets are still
available for the rest of the series.
Sergei Rachmaninoff, one of the
foremost musicians that Russia has
yet produced, will be heard in the
Pavilion this Wednesday night at
8:20.
Originally scheduled to appear on
January 28, Mr. Rachmaninoff was
forced to delay his western tour two
weeks and will now be presented as
the third attraction of the Concert
Scries.
His program will consist of num
bers from both the classical masters
and the more modern composers. His
first selection will be Handel's "Va
riations in E Major," which was writ
ten as the last section of a harpsi
chorde suite.
Two of the pianist-composer's own
more recent compositions will appear
on the program, "Daisies," and "Ori
ental Sketch."
Also included are the Beethoven
"Sonata in D Minor," and selections
by John Field, an American com
poser. The concluding numbers, by
Liszt, will include "Raphsodie No.
12."
On the morning of the concert, Mr.
Raymond Kendall will lecture on the
Rachmaninoff concert program at 10
o'clock in Room 84. Anyone inter
ested is invited to attend.
Tickets are $2.50, $2, and $1.50 and
may be obtained at Keeble's in Palo
Alto, Sherman Clay in San Jose, or
at the Concert Series office in the
Old Union. Season tickets are still
available for the rest of the series.
Sergei Rachmaninoff, one of the
foremost musicians that Russia has
yet produced, will be heard in the
Pavilion this Wednesday night at
8:20.
Originally scheduled to appear on
January 28, Mr. Rachmaninoff was
forced to delay his western tour two
weeks and will now be presented as
the third attraction of the Concert
Scries.
His program will consist of num
bers from both the classical masters
and the more modern composers. His
first selection will be Handel's "Va
riations in E Major," which was writ
ten as the last section of a harpsi
chorde suite.
Two of the pianist-composer's own
more recent compositions will appear
on the program, "Daisies," and "Ori
ental Sketch."
Also included are the Beethoven
"Sonata in D Minor," and selections
by John Field, an American com
poser. The concluding numbers, by
Liszt, will include "Raphsodie No.
12."
On the morning of the concert, Mr.
Raymond Kendall will lecture on the
Rachmaninoff concert program at 10
o'clock in Room 84. Anyone inter
ested is invited to attend.
Tickets are $2.50, $2, and $1.50 and
may be obtained at Keeble's in Palo
Alto, Sherman Clay in San Jose, or
at the Concert Series office in the
Old Union. Season tickets are still
available for the rest of the series.
Sergei Rachmaninoff, one of the
foremost musicians that Russia has
yet produced, will be heard in the
Pavilion this Wednesday night at
8:20.
Originally scheduled to appear on
January 28, Mr. Rachmaninoff was
forced to delay his western tour two
weeks and will now be presented as
the third attraction of the Concert
Scries.
His program will consist of num
bers from both the classical masters
and the more modern composers. His
first selection will be Handel's "Va
riations in E Major," which was writ
ten as the last section of a harpsi
chorde suite.
Two of the pianist-composer's own
more recent compositions will appear
on the program, "Daisies," and "Ori
ental Sketch."
Also included are the Beethoven
"Sonata in D Minor," and selections
by John Field, an American com
poser. The concluding numbers, by
Liszt, will include "Raphsodie No.
12."
On the morning of the concert, Mr.
Raymond Kendall will lecture on the
Rachmaninoff concert program at 10
o'clock in Room 84. Anyone inter
ested is invited to attend.
Tickets are $2.50, $2, and $1.50 and
may be obtained at Keeble's in Palo
Alto, Sherman Clay in San Jose, or
at the Concert Series office in the
Old Union. Season tickets are still
available for the rest of the series.
Sergei Rachmaninoff, one of the
foremost musicians that Russia has
yet produced, will be heard in the
Pavilion this Wednesday night at
8:20.
Originally scheduled to appear on
January 28, Mr. Rachmaninoff was
forced to delay his western tour two
weeks and will now be presented as
the third attraction of the Concert
Scries.
His program will consist of num
bers from both the classical masters
and the more modern composers. His
first selection will be Handel's "Va
riations in E Major," which was writ
ten as the last section of a harpsi
chorde suite.
Two of the pianist-composer's own
more recent compositions will appear
on the program, "Daisies," and "Ori
ental Sketch."
Also included are the Beethoven
"Sonata in D Minor," and selections
by John Field, an American com
poser. The concluding numbers, by
Liszt, will include "Raphsodie No.
12."
On the morning of the concert, Mr.
Raymond Kendall will lecture on the
Rachmaninoff concert program at 10
o'clock in Room 84. Anyone inter
ested is invited to attend.
Tickets are $2.50, $2, and $1.50 and
may be obtained at Keeble's in Palo
Alto, Sherman Clay in San Jose, or
at the Concert Series office in the
Old Union. Season tickets are still
available for the rest of the series.
Sergei Rachmaninoff, one of the
foremost musicians that Russia has
yet produced, will be heard in the
Pavilion this Wednesday night at
8:20.
Originally scheduled to appear on
January 28, Mr. Rachmaninoff was
forced to delay his western tour two
weeks and will now be presented as
the third attraction of the Concert
Scries.
His program will consist of num
bers from both the classical masters
and the more modern composers. His
first selection will be Handel's "Va
riations in E Major," which was writ
ten as the last section of a harpsi
chorde suite.
Two of the pianist-composer's own
more recent compositions will appear
on the program, "Daisies," and "Ori
ental Sketch."
Also included are the Beethoven
"Sonata in D Minor," and selections
by John Field, an American com
poser. The concluding numbers, by
Liszt, will include "Raphsodie No.
12."
On the morning of the concert, Mr.
Raymond Kendall will lecture on the
Rachmaninoff concert program at 10
o'clock in Room 84. Anyone inter
ested is invited to attend.
Tickets are $2.50, $2, and $1.50 and
may be obtained at Keeble's in Palo
Alto, Sherman Clay in San Jose, or
at the Concert Series office in the
Old Union. Season tickets are still
available for the rest of the series.
Sergei Rachmaninoff, one of the
foremost musicians that Russia has
yet produced, will be heard in the
Pavilion this Wednesday night at
8:20.
Originally scheduled to appear on
January 28, Mr. Rachmaninoff was
forced to delay his western tour two
weeks and will now be presented as
the third attraction of the Concert
Scries.
His program will consist of num
bers from both the classical masters
and the more modern composers. His
first selection will be Handel's "Va
riations in E Major," which was writ
ten as the last section of a harpsi
chorde suite.
Two of the pianist-composer's own
more recent compositions will appear
on the program, "Daisies," and "Ori
ental Sketch."
Also included are the Beethoven
"Sonata in D Minor," and selections
by John Field, an American com
poser. The concluding numbers, by
Liszt, will include "Raphsodie No.
12."
On the morning of the concert, Mr.
Raymond Kendall will lecture on the
Rachmaninoff concert program at 10
o'clock in Room 84. Anyone inter
ested is invited to attend.
Tickets are $2.50, $2, and $1.50 and
may be obtained at Keeble's in Palo
Alto, Sherman Clay in San Jose, or
at the Concert Series office in the
Old Union. Season tickets are still
available for the rest of the series.
Sergei Rachmaninoff, one of the
foremost musicians that Russia has
yet produced, will be heard in the
Pavilion this Wednesday night at
8:20.
Originally scheduled to appear on
January 28, Mr. Rachmaninoff was
forced to delay his western tour two
weeks and will now be presented as
the third attraction of the Concert
Scries.
His program will consist of num
bers from both the classical masters
and the more modern composers. His
first selection will be Handel's "Va
riations in E Major," which was writ
ten as the last section of a harpsi
chorde suite.
Two of the pianist-composer's own
more recent compositions will appear
on the program, "Daisies," and "Ori
ental Sketch."
Also included are the Beethoven
"Sonata in D Minor," and selections
by John Field, an American com
poser. The concluding numbers, by
Liszt, will include "Raphsodie No.
12."
On the morning of the concert, Mr.
Raymond Kendall will lecture on the
Rachmaninoff concert program at 10
o'clock in Room 84. Anyone inter
ested is invited to attend.
Tickets are $2.50, $2, and $1.50 and
may be obtained at Keeble's in Palo
Alto, Sherman Clay in San Jose, or
at the Concert Series office in the
Old Union. Season tickets are still
available for the rest of the series.
Sergei Rachmaninoff, one of the
foremost musicians that Russia has
yet produced, will be heard in the
Pavilion this Wednesday night at
8:20.
Originally scheduled to appear on
January 28, Mr. Rachmaninoff was
forced to delay his western tour two
weeks and will now be presented as
the third attraction of the Concert
Scries.
His program will consist of num
bers from both the classical masters
and the more modern composers. His
first selection will be Handel's "Va
riations in E Major," which was writ
ten as the last section of a harpsi
chorde suite.
Two of the pianist-composer's own
more recent compositions will appear
on the program, "Daisies," and "Ori
ental Sketch."
Also included are the Beethoven
"Sonata in D Minor," and selections
by John Field, an American com
poser. The concluding numbers, by
Liszt, will include "Raphsodie No.
12."
On the morning of the concert, Mr.
Raymond Kendall will lecture on the
Rachmaninoff concert program at 10
o'clock in Room 84. Anyone inter
ested is invited to attend.
Tickets are $2.50, $2, and $1.50 and
may be obtained at Keeble's in Palo
Alto, Sherman Clay in San Jose, or
at the Concert Series office in the
Old Union. Season tickets are still
available for the rest of the series.
Sergei Rachmaninoff, one of the
foremost musicians that Russia has
yet produced, will be heard in the
Pavilion this Wednesday night at
8:20.
Originally scheduled to appear on
January 28, Mr. Rachmaninoff was
forced to delay his western tour two
weeks and will now be presented as
the third attraction of the Concert
Scries.
His program will consist of num
bers from both the classical masters
and the more modern composers. His
first selection will be Handel's "Va
riations in E Major," which was writ
ten as the last section of a harpsi
chorde suite.
Two of the pianist-composer's own
more recent compositions will appear
on the program, "Daisies," and "Ori
ental Sketch."
Also included are the Beethoven
"Sonata in D Minor," and selections
by John Field, an American com
poser. The concluding numbers, by
Liszt, will include "Raphsodie No.
12."
On the morning of the concert, Mr.
Raymond Kendall will lecture on the
Rachmaninoff concert program at 10
o'clock in Room 84. Anyone inter
ested is invited to attend.
Tickets are $2.50, $2, and $1.50 and
may be obtained at Keeble's in Palo
Alto, Sherman Clay in San Jose, or
at the Concert Series office in the
Old Union. Season tickets are still
available for the rest of the series.
Sergei Rachmaninoff, one of the
foremost musicians that Russia has
yet produced, will be heard in the
Pavilion this Wednesday night at
8:20.
Originally scheduled to appear on
January 28, Mr. Rachmaninoff was
forced to delay his western tour two
weeks and will now be presented as
the third attraction of the Concert
Scries.
His program will consist of num
bers from both the classical masters
and the more modern composers. His
first selection will be Handel's "Va
riations in E Major," which was writ
ten as the last section of a harpsi
chorde suite.
Two of the pianist-composer's own
more recent compositions will appear
on the program, "Daisies," and "Ori
ental Sketch."
Also included are the Beethoven
"Sonata in D Minor," and selections
by John Field, an American com
poser. The concluding numbers, by
Liszt, will include "Raphsodie No.
12."
On the morning of the concert, Mr.
Raymond Kendall will lecture on the
Rachmaninoff concert program at 10
o'clock in Room 84. Anyone inter
ested is invited to attend.
Tickets are $2.50, $2, and $1.50 and
may be obtained at Keeble's in Palo
Alto, Sherman Clay in San Jose, or
at the Concert Series office in the
Old Union. Season tickets are still
available for the rest of the series.
Sergei Rachmaninoff, one of the
foremost musicians that Russia has
yet produced, will be heard in the
Pavilion this Wednesday night at
8:20.
Originally scheduled to appear on
January 28, Mr. Rachmaninoff was
forced to delay his western tour two
weeks and will now be presented as
the third attraction of the Concert
Scries.
His program will consist of num
bers from both the classical masters
and the more modern composers. His
first selection will be Handel's "Va
riations in E Major," which was writ
ten as the last section of a harpsi
chorde suite.
Two of the pianist-composer's own
more recent compositions will appear
on the program, "Daisies," and "Ori
ental Sketch."
Also included are the Beethoven
"Sonata in D Minor," and selections
by John Field, an American com
poser. The concluding numbers, by
Liszt, will include "Raphsodie No.
12."
On the morning of the concert, Mr.
Raymond Kendall will lecture on the
Rachmaninoff concert program at 10
o'clock in Room 84. Anyone inter
ested is invited to attend.
Tickets are $2.50, $2, and $1.50 and
may be obtained at Keeble's in Palo
Alto, Sherman Clay in San Jose, or
at the Concert Series office in the
Old Union. Season tickets are still
available for the rest of the series.
