# PROFESSORS ELECTED
## 
### 
Professors Maivm Chodorow and
Joseph M. Pettit of Stanford Uni
versity have been honored by elec
tion as Fellows of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
Professors Maivm Chodorow and
Joseph M. Pettit of Stanford Uni
versity have been honored by elec
tion as Fellows of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
Professors Maivm Chodorow and
Joseph M. Pettit of Stanford Uni
versity have been honored by elec
tion as Fellows of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
Professors Maivm Chodorow and
Joseph M. Pettit of Stanford Uni
versity have been honored by elec
tion as Fellows of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
Professors Maivm Chodorow and
Joseph M. Pettit of Stanford Uni
versity have been honored by elec
tion as Fellows of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
Professors Maivm Chodorow and
Joseph M. Pettit of Stanford Uni
versity have been honored by elec
tion as Fellows of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
Professors Maivm Chodorow and
Joseph M. Pettit of Stanford Uni
versity have been honored by elec
tion as Fellows of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
Professors Maivm Chodorow and
Joseph M. Pettit of Stanford Uni
versity have been honored by elec
tion as Fellows of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
Professors Maivm Chodorow and
Joseph M. Pettit of Stanford Uni
versity have been honored by elec
tion as Fellows of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
Professors Maivm Chodorow and
Joseph M. Pettit of Stanford Uni
versity have been honored by elec
tion as Fellows of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
Professors Maivm Chodorow and
Joseph M. Pettit of Stanford Uni
versity have been honored by elec
tion as Fellows of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
Professors Maivm Chodorow and
Joseph M. Pettit of Stanford Uni
versity have been honored by elec
tion as Fellows of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
Professors Maivm Chodorow and
Joseph M. Pettit of Stanford Uni
versity have been honored by elec
tion as Fellows of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
Professors Maivm Chodorow and
Joseph M. Pettit of Stanford Uni
versity have been honored by elec
tion as Fellows of the Institute of
Radio Engineers.
