# Moot Court Will Begin Tomorrow
## 
### 
Seventy - two Stanford law .tri
dents arc preparing then briefs for
their appearance in the courts <>112
the mythical slate of Stanford, in
the opening round', ol the Law
School's annual Moot Court compe
tition
First-round arguments begin to
morrow night and. will continue
through Thursday The courtroom
sessions, which are open to the pub
lic, start at 730 and 9 p.m in the
law school
The purpose of the Moot Court
program is to develop skill in the
art of leqa! argument throueh expe
rience in handling case:, utjcler ac
tual courtroom conditions in the
three-day session the tudent law
yers will argue case-, ranging from
literary censorship, woi l.ingman'-
compensation, through such topics
as responsibility foi .old merchan
dise and the 1 ight of an actoi to
prohibit his old movies from being
shown 011 TV
Local attorneys "'ill preside over
the courtroom sessions as chief jus
tices-
Seventy - two Stanford law .tri
dents arc preparing then briefs for
their appearance in the courts <>112
the mythical slate of Stanford, in
the opening round', ol the Law
School's annual Moot Court compe
tition
First-round arguments begin to
morrow night and. will continue
through Thursday The courtroom
sessions, which are open to the pub
lic, start at 730 and 9 p.m in the
law school
The purpose of the Moot Court
program is to develop skill in the
art of leqa! argument throueh expe
rience in handling case:, utjcler ac
tual courtroom conditions in the
three-day session the tudent law
yers will argue case-, ranging from
literary censorship, woi l.ingman'-
compensation, through such topics
as responsibility foi .old merchan
dise and the 1 ight of an actoi to
prohibit his old movies from being
shown 011 TV
Local attorneys "'ill preside over
the courtroom sessions as chief jus
tices-
Seventy - two Stanford law .tri
dents arc preparing then briefs for
their appearance in the courts <>112
the mythical slate of Stanford, in
the opening round', ol the Law
School's annual Moot Court compe
tition
First-round arguments begin to
morrow night and. will continue
through Thursday The courtroom
sessions, which are open to the pub
lic, start at 730 and 9 p.m in the
law school
The purpose of the Moot Court
program is to develop skill in the
art of leqa! argument throueh expe
rience in handling case:, utjcler ac
tual courtroom conditions in the
three-day session the tudent law
yers will argue case-, ranging from
literary censorship, woi l.ingman'-
compensation, through such topics
as responsibility foi .old merchan
dise and the 1 ight of an actoi to
prohibit his old movies from being
shown 011 TV
Local attorneys "'ill preside over
the courtroom sessions as chief jus
tices-
Seventy - two Stanford law .tri
dents arc preparing then briefs for
their appearance in the courts <>112
the mythical slate of Stanford, in
the opening round', ol the Law
School's annual Moot Court compe
tition
First-round arguments begin to
morrow night and. will continue
through Thursday The courtroom
sessions, which are open to the pub
lic, start at 730 and 9 p.m in the
law school
The purpose of the Moot Court
program is to develop skill in the
art of leqa! argument throueh expe
rience in handling case:, utjcler ac
tual courtroom conditions in the
three-day session the tudent law
yers will argue case-, ranging from
literary censorship, woi l.ingman'-
compensation, through such topics
as responsibility foi .old merchan
dise and the 1 ight of an actoi to
prohibit his old movies from being
shown 011 TV
Local attorneys "'ill preside over
the courtroom sessions as chief jus
tices-
Seventy - two Stanford law .tri
dents arc preparing then briefs for
their appearance in the courts <>112
the mythical slate of Stanford, in
the opening round', ol the Law
School's annual Moot Court compe
tition
First-round arguments begin to
morrow night and. will continue
through Thursday The courtroom
sessions, which are open to the pub
lic, start at 730 and 9 p.m in the
law school
The purpose of the Moot Court
program is to develop skill in the
art of leqa! argument throueh expe
rience in handling case:, utjcler ac
tual courtroom conditions in the
three-day session the tudent law
yers will argue case-, ranging from
literary censorship, woi l.ingman'-
compensation, through such topics
as responsibility foi .old merchan
dise and the 1 ight of an actoi to
prohibit his old movies from being
shown 011 TV
Local attorneys "'ill preside over
the courtroom sessions as chief jus
tices-
Seventy - two Stanford law .tri
dents arc preparing then briefs for
their appearance in the courts <>112
the mythical slate of Stanford, in
the opening round', ol the Law
School's annual Moot Court compe
tition
First-round arguments begin to
morrow night and. will continue
through Thursday The courtroom
sessions, which are open to the pub
lic, start at 730 and 9 p.m in the
law school
The purpose of the Moot Court
program is to develop skill in the
art of leqa! argument throueh expe
rience in handling case:, utjcler ac
tual courtroom conditions in the
three-day session the tudent law
yers will argue case-, ranging from
literary censorship, woi l.ingman'-
compensation, through such topics
as responsibility foi .old merchan
dise and the 1 ight of an actoi to
prohibit his old movies from being
shown 011 TV
Local attorneys "'ill preside over
the courtroom sessions as chief jus
tices-
Seventy - two Stanford law .tri
dents arc preparing then briefs for
their appearance in the courts <>112
the mythical slate of Stanford, in
the opening round', ol the Law
School's annual Moot Court compe
tition
First-round arguments begin to
morrow night and. will continue
through Thursday The courtroom
sessions, which are open to the pub
lic, start at 730 and 9 p.m in the
law school
The purpose of the Moot Court
program is to develop skill in the
art of leqa! argument throueh expe
rience in handling case:, utjcler ac
tual courtroom conditions in the
three-day session the tudent law
yers will argue case-, ranging from
literary censorship, woi l.ingman'-
compensation, through such topics
as responsibility foi .old merchan
dise and the 1 ight of an actoi to
prohibit his old movies from being
shown 011 TV
Local attorneys "'ill preside over
the courtroom sessions as chief jus
tices-
Seventy - two Stanford law .tri
dents arc preparing then briefs for
their appearance in the courts <>112
the mythical slate of Stanford, in
the opening round', ol the Law
School's annual Moot Court compe
tition
First-round arguments begin to
morrow night and. will continue
through Thursday The courtroom
sessions, which are open to the pub
lic, start at 730 and 9 p.m in the
law school
The purpose of the Moot Court
program is to develop skill in the
art of leqa! argument throueh expe
rience in handling case:, utjcler ac
tual courtroom conditions in the
three-day session the tudent law
yers will argue case-, ranging from
literary censorship, woi l.ingman'-
compensation, through such topics
as responsibility foi .old merchan
dise and the 1 ight of an actoi to
prohibit his old movies from being
shown 011 TV
Local attorneys "'ill preside over
the courtroom sessions as chief jus
tices-
Seventy - two Stanford law .tri
dents arc preparing then briefs for
their appearance in the courts <>112
the mythical slate of Stanford, in
the opening round', ol the Law
School's annual Moot Court compe
tition
First-round arguments begin to
morrow night and. will continue
through Thursday The courtroom
sessions, which are open to the pub
lic, start at 730 and 9 p.m in the
law school
The purpose of the Moot Court
program is to develop skill in the
art of leqa! argument throueh expe
rience in handling case:, utjcler ac
tual courtroom conditions in the
three-day session the tudent law
yers will argue case-, ranging from
literary censorship, woi l.ingman'-
compensation, through such topics
as responsibility foi .old merchan
dise and the 1 ight of an actoi to
prohibit his old movies from being
shown 011 TV
Local attorneys "'ill preside over
the courtroom sessions as chief jus
tices-
Seventy - two Stanford law .tri
dents arc preparing then briefs for
their appearance in the courts <>112
the mythical slate of Stanford, in
the opening round', ol the Law
School's annual Moot Court compe
tition
First-round arguments begin to
morrow night and. will continue
through Thursday The courtroom
sessions, which are open to the pub
lic, start at 730 and 9 p.m in the
law school
The purpose of the Moot Court
program is to develop skill in the
art of leqa! argument throueh expe
rience in handling case:, utjcler ac
tual courtroom conditions in the
three-day session the tudent law
yers will argue case-, ranging from
literary censorship, woi l.ingman'-
compensation, through such topics
as responsibility foi .old merchan
dise and the 1 ight of an actoi to
prohibit his old movies from being
shown 011 TV
Local attorneys "'ill preside over
the courtroom sessions as chief jus
tices-
Seventy - two Stanford law .tri
dents arc preparing then briefs for
their appearance in the courts <>112
the mythical slate of Stanford, in
the opening round', ol the Law
School's annual Moot Court compe
tition
First-round arguments begin to
morrow night and. will continue
through Thursday The courtroom
sessions, which are open to the pub
lic, start at 730 and 9 p.m in the
law school
The purpose of the Moot Court
program is to develop skill in the
art of leqa! argument throueh expe
rience in handling case:, utjcler ac
tual courtroom conditions in the
three-day session the tudent law
yers will argue case-, ranging from
literary censorship, woi l.ingman'-
compensation, through such topics
as responsibility foi .old merchan
dise and the 1 ight of an actoi to
prohibit his old movies from being
shown 011 TV
Local attorneys "'ill preside over
the courtroom sessions as chief jus
tices-
Seventy - two Stanford law .tri
dents arc preparing then briefs for
their appearance in the courts <>112
the mythical slate of Stanford, in
the opening round', ol the Law
School's annual Moot Court compe
tition
First-round arguments begin to
morrow night and. will continue
through Thursday The courtroom
sessions, which are open to the pub
lic, start at 730 and 9 p.m in the
law school
The purpose of the Moot Court
program is to develop skill in the
art of leqa! argument throueh expe
rience in handling case:, utjcler ac
tual courtroom conditions in the
three-day session the tudent law
yers will argue case-, ranging from
literary censorship, woi l.ingman'-
compensation, through such topics
as responsibility foi .old merchan
dise and the 1 ight of an actoi to
prohibit his old movies from being
shown 011 TV
Local attorneys "'ill preside over
the courtroom sessions as chief jus
tices-
Seventy - two Stanford law .tri
dents arc preparing then briefs for
their appearance in the courts <>112
the mythical slate of Stanford, in
the opening round', ol the Law
School's annual Moot Court compe
tition
First-round arguments begin to
morrow night and. will continue
through Thursday The courtroom
sessions, which are open to the pub
lic, start at 730 and 9 p.m in the
law school
The purpose of the Moot Court
program is to develop skill in the
art of leqa! argument throueh expe
rience in handling case:, utjcler ac
tual courtroom conditions in the
three-day session the tudent law
yers will argue case-, ranging from
literary censorship, woi l.ingman'-
compensation, through such topics
as responsibility foi .old merchan
dise and the 1 ight of an actoi to
prohibit his old movies from being
shown 011 TV
Local attorneys "'ill preside over
the courtroom sessions as chief jus
tices-
Seventy - two Stanford law .tri
dents arc preparing then briefs for
their appearance in the courts <>112
the mythical slate of Stanford, in
the opening round', ol the Law
School's annual Moot Court compe
tition
First-round arguments begin to
morrow night and. will continue
through Thursday The courtroom
sessions, which are open to the pub
lic, start at 730 and 9 p.m in the
law school
The purpose of the Moot Court
program is to develop skill in the
art of leqa! argument throueh expe
rience in handling case:, utjcler ac
tual courtroom conditions in the
three-day session the tudent law
yers will argue case-, ranging from
literary censorship, woi l.ingman'-
compensation, through such topics
as responsibility foi .old merchan
dise and the 1 ight of an actoi to
prohibit his old movies from being
shown 011 TV
Local attorneys "'ill preside over
the courtroom sessions as chief jus
tices-
