# Adv. 12 Page 4
## 
### 
COTRELL & LECNAR
Albany, N. Y.,
a Makers of
CAPS, GOWNS
and HOODS
to Stanford University
and the others
Leave orders at Hook
store
u. «k.i\
u» h.i% « Lt tilt in
I\l kbi\nvvit/
liryant Street, off Uni
versity Avenue.
.Maple Floor
J-00.
23c.
COTRELL & LECNAR
Albany, N. Y.,
a Makers of
CAPS, GOWNS
and HOODS
to Stanford University
and the others
Leave orders at Hook
store
u. «k.i\
u» h.i% « Lt tilt in
I\l kbi\nvvit/
liryant Street, off Uni
versity Avenue.
.Maple Floor
J-00.
23c.
COTRELL & LECNAR
Albany, N. Y.,
a Makers of
CAPS, GOWNS
and HOODS
to Stanford University
and the others
Leave orders at Hook
store
u. «k.i\
u» h.i% « Lt tilt in
I\l kbi\nvvit/
liryant Street, off Uni
versity Avenue.
.Maple Floor
J-00.
23c.
COTRELL & LECNAR
Albany, N. Y.,
a Makers of
CAPS, GOWNS
and HOODS
to Stanford University
and the others
Leave orders at Hook
store
u. «k.i\
u» h.i% « Lt tilt in
I\l kbi\nvvit/
liryant Street, off Uni
versity Avenue.
.Maple Floor
J-00.
23c.
COTRELL & LECNAR
Albany, N. Y.,
a Makers of
CAPS, GOWNS
and HOODS
to Stanford University
and the others
Leave orders at Hook
store
u. «k.i\
u» h.i% « Lt tilt in
I\l kbi\nvvit/
liryant Street, off Uni
versity Avenue.
.Maple Floor
J-00.
23c.
COTRELL & LECNAR
Albany, N. Y.,
a Makers of
CAPS, GOWNS
and HOODS
to Stanford University
and the others
Leave orders at Hook
store
u. «k.i\
u» h.i% « Lt tilt in
I\l kbi\nvvit/
liryant Street, off Uni
versity Avenue.
.Maple Floor
J-00.
23c.
COTRELL & LECNAR
Albany, N. Y.,
a Makers of
CAPS, GOWNS
and HOODS
to Stanford University
and the others
Leave orders at Hook
store
u. «k.i\
u» h.i% « Lt tilt in
I\l kbi\nvvit/
liryant Street, off Uni
versity Avenue.
.Maple Floor
J-00.
23c.
COTRELL & LECNAR
Albany, N. Y.,
a Makers of
CAPS, GOWNS
and HOODS
to Stanford University
and the others
Leave orders at Hook
store
u. «k.i\
u» h.i% « Lt tilt in
I\l kbi\nvvit/
liryant Street, off Uni
versity Avenue.
.Maple Floor
J-00.
23c.
