# Dr. Jordan Chairman of Committee.
## 
### 
Dr. Jordan has been elected chair
man of a committee to prepare plans
for the reception of Ronald Amund
sen, the noted Arctic explorer, who
i- expected to arrive in San Fran
cisco within the next two weeks.
Dr. Jordan has been elected chair
man of a committee to prepare plans
for the reception of Ronald Amund
sen, the noted Arctic explorer, who
i- expected to arrive in San Fran
cisco within the next two weeks.
Dr. Jordan has been elected chair
man of a committee to prepare plans
for the reception of Ronald Amund
sen, the noted Arctic explorer, who
i- expected to arrive in San Fran
cisco within the next two weeks.
Dr. Jordan has been elected chair
man of a committee to prepare plans
for the reception of Ronald Amund
sen, the noted Arctic explorer, who
i- expected to arrive in San Fran
cisco within the next two weeks.
Dr. Jordan has been elected chair
man of a committee to prepare plans
for the reception of Ronald Amund
sen, the noted Arctic explorer, who
i- expected to arrive in San Fran
cisco within the next two weeks.
Dr. Jordan has been elected chair
man of a committee to prepare plans
for the reception of Ronald Amund
sen, the noted Arctic explorer, who
i- expected to arrive in San Fran
cisco within the next two weeks.
Dr. Jordan has been elected chair
man of a committee to prepare plans
for the reception of Ronald Amund
sen, the noted Arctic explorer, who
i- expected to arrive in San Fran
cisco within the next two weeks.
Dr. Jordan has been elected chair
man of a committee to prepare plans
for the reception of Ronald Amund
sen, the noted Arctic explorer, who
i- expected to arrive in San Fran
cisco within the next two weeks.
