# Mathieu to Coach 1916 Senior Farce
## Tryouts and Final Selection of Cast To Be Left Entirely In Director's Hands 
### 
Frank L. Mathieu, coach of many
Stanford productions, has been chosen
by the Senior Farce committee to
direct the preparation of this year's
senior offering, which will be given
in the Assembly Hall on May 17. Se
lection of the drama to be given has
not yet been made. Negotiations have
been entered into with the American
Play company for a modern farce; the
announcement of the choice will be
made soon. Though definite date for
tryouts has not been set, they will be
held early, in order that parts may be
assigned before the spring vacation.
To eliminate all suspicion of unfair
ness in the selection of the cast for
the farce, the members of the com
mittee voted last night to give Coach
Mathieu complete charge of assign
ment of parts. The tryouts, it was de
cided by the committee, will be held
before the coach only, in the absence
of members of the committee. It is
thought that this method will guar
antee the selection of a cast entirely
on the basis of individual ability.
Frank L. Mathieu, coach of many
Stanford productions, has been chosen
by the Senior Farce committee to
direct the preparation of this year's
senior offering, which will be given
in the Assembly Hall on May 17. Se
lection of the drama to be given has
not yet been made. Negotiations have
been entered into with the American
Play company for a modern farce; the
announcement of the choice will be
made soon. Though definite date for
tryouts has not been set, they will be
held early, in order that parts may be
assigned before the spring vacation.
To eliminate all suspicion of unfair
ness in the selection of the cast for
the farce, the members of the com
mittee voted last night to give Coach
Mathieu complete charge of assign
ment of parts. The tryouts, it was de
cided by the committee, will be held
before the coach only, in the absence
of members of the committee. It is
thought that this method will guar
antee the selection of a cast entirely
on the basis of individual ability.
Frank L. Mathieu, coach of many
Stanford productions, has been chosen
by the Senior Farce committee to
direct the preparation of this year's
senior offering, which will be given
in the Assembly Hall on May 17. Se
lection of the drama to be given has
not yet been made. Negotiations have
been entered into with the American
Play company for a modern farce; the
announcement of the choice will be
made soon. Though definite date for
tryouts has not been set, they will be
held early, in order that parts may be
assigned before the spring vacation.
To eliminate all suspicion of unfair
ness in the selection of the cast for
the farce, the members of the com
mittee voted last night to give Coach
Mathieu complete charge of assign
ment of parts. The tryouts, it was de
cided by the committee, will be held
before the coach only, in the absence
of members of the committee. It is
thought that this method will guar
antee the selection of a cast entirely
on the basis of individual ability.
Frank L. Mathieu, coach of many
Stanford productions, has been chosen
by the Senior Farce committee to
direct the preparation of this year's
senior offering, which will be given
in the Assembly Hall on May 17. Se
lection of the drama to be given has
not yet been made. Negotiations have
been entered into with the American
Play company for a modern farce; the
announcement of the choice will be
made soon. Though definite date for
tryouts has not been set, they will be
held early, in order that parts may be
assigned before the spring vacation.
To eliminate all suspicion of unfair
ness in the selection of the cast for
the farce, the members of the com
mittee voted last night to give Coach
Mathieu complete charge of assign
ment of parts. The tryouts, it was de
cided by the committee, will be held
before the coach only, in the absence
of members of the committee. It is
thought that this method will guar
antee the selection of a cast entirely
on the basis of individual ability.
Frank L. Mathieu, coach of many
Stanford productions, has been chosen
by the Senior Farce committee to
direct the preparation of this year's
senior offering, which will be given
in the Assembly Hall on May 17. Se
lection of the drama to be given has
not yet been made. Negotiations have
been entered into with the American
Play company for a modern farce; the
announcement of the choice will be
made soon. Though definite date for
tryouts has not been set, they will be
held early, in order that parts may be
assigned before the spring vacation.
To eliminate all suspicion of unfair
ness in the selection of the cast for
the farce, the members of the com
mittee voted last night to give Coach
Mathieu complete charge of assign
ment of parts. The tryouts, it was de
cided by the committee, will be held
before the coach only, in the absence
of members of the committee. It is
thought that this method will guar
antee the selection of a cast entirely
on the basis of individual ability.
Frank L. Mathieu, coach of many
Stanford productions, has been chosen
by the Senior Farce committee to
direct the preparation of this year's
senior offering, which will be given
in the Assembly Hall on May 17. Se
lection of the drama to be given has
not yet been made. Negotiations have
been entered into with the American
Play company for a modern farce; the
announcement of the choice will be
made soon. Though definite date for
tryouts has not been set, they will be
held early, in order that parts may be
assigned before the spring vacation.
To eliminate all suspicion of unfair
ness in the selection of the cast for
the farce, the members of the com
mittee voted last night to give Coach
Mathieu complete charge of assign
ment of parts. The tryouts, it was de
cided by the committee, will be held
before the coach only, in the absence
of members of the committee. It is
thought that this method will guar
antee the selection of a cast entirely
on the basis of individual ability.
Frank L. Mathieu, coach of many
Stanford productions, has been chosen
by the Senior Farce committee to
direct the preparation of this year's
senior offering, which will be given
in the Assembly Hall on May 17. Se
lection of the drama to be given has
not yet been made. Negotiations have
been entered into with the American
Play company for a modern farce; the
announcement of the choice will be
made soon. Though definite date for
tryouts has not been set, they will be
held early, in order that parts may be
assigned before the spring vacation.
To eliminate all suspicion of unfair
ness in the selection of the cast for
the farce, the members of the com
mittee voted last night to give Coach
Mathieu complete charge of assign
ment of parts. The tryouts, it was de
cided by the committee, will be held
before the coach only, in the absence
of members of the committee. It is
thought that this method will guar
antee the selection of a cast entirely
on the basis of individual ability.
Frank L. Mathieu, coach of many
Stanford productions, has been chosen
by the Senior Farce committee to
direct the preparation of this year's
senior offering, which will be given
in the Assembly Hall on May 17. Se
lection of the drama to be given has
not yet been made. Negotiations have
been entered into with the American
Play company for a modern farce; the
announcement of the choice will be
made soon. Though definite date for
tryouts has not been set, they will be
held early, in order that parts may be
assigned before the spring vacation.
To eliminate all suspicion of unfair
ness in the selection of the cast for
the farce, the members of the com
mittee voted last night to give Coach
Mathieu complete charge of assign
ment of parts. The tryouts, it was de
cided by the committee, will be held
before the coach only, in the absence
of members of the committee. It is
thought that this method will guar
antee the selection of a cast entirely
on the basis of individual ability.
Frank L. Mathieu, coach of many
Stanford productions, has been chosen
by the Senior Farce committee to
direct the preparation of this year's
senior offering, which will be given
in the Assembly Hall on May 17. Se
lection of the drama to be given has
not yet been made. Negotiations have
been entered into with the American
Play company for a modern farce; the
announcement of the choice will be
made soon. Though definite date for
tryouts has not been set, they will be
held early, in order that parts may be
assigned before the spring vacation.
To eliminate all suspicion of unfair
ness in the selection of the cast for
the farce, the members of the com
mittee voted last night to give Coach
Mathieu complete charge of assign
ment of parts. The tryouts, it was de
cided by the committee, will be held
before the coach only, in the absence
of members of the committee. It is
thought that this method will guar
antee the selection of a cast entirely
on the basis of individual ability.
Frank L. Mathieu, coach of many
Stanford productions, has been chosen
by the Senior Farce committee to
direct the preparation of this year's
senior offering, which will be given
in the Assembly Hall on May 17. Se
lection of the drama to be given has
not yet been made. Negotiations have
been entered into with the American
Play company for a modern farce; the
announcement of the choice will be
made soon. Though definite date for
tryouts has not been set, they will be
held early, in order that parts may be
assigned before the spring vacation.
To eliminate all suspicion of unfair
ness in the selection of the cast for
the farce, the members of the com
mittee voted last night to give Coach
Mathieu complete charge of assign
ment of parts. The tryouts, it was de
cided by the committee, will be held
before the coach only, in the absence
of members of the committee. It is
thought that this method will guar
antee the selection of a cast entirely
on the basis of individual ability.
Frank L. Mathieu, coach of many
Stanford productions, has been chosen
by the Senior Farce committee to
direct the preparation of this year's
senior offering, which will be given
in the Assembly Hall on May 17. Se
lection of the drama to be given has
not yet been made. Negotiations have
been entered into with the American
Play company for a modern farce; the
announcement of the choice will be
made soon. Though definite date for
tryouts has not been set, they will be
held early, in order that parts may be
assigned before the spring vacation.
To eliminate all suspicion of unfair
ness in the selection of the cast for
the farce, the members of the com
mittee voted last night to give Coach
Mathieu complete charge of assign
ment of parts. The tryouts, it was de
cided by the committee, will be held
before the coach only, in the absence
of members of the committee. It is
thought that this method will guar
antee the selection of a cast entirely
on the basis of individual ability.
Frank L. Mathieu, coach of many
Stanford productions, has been chosen
by the Senior Farce committee to
direct the preparation of this year's
senior offering, which will be given
in the Assembly Hall on May 17. Se
lection of the drama to be given has
not yet been made. Negotiations have
been entered into with the American
Play company for a modern farce; the
announcement of the choice will be
made soon. Though definite date for
tryouts has not been set, they will be
held early, in order that parts may be
assigned before the spring vacation.
To eliminate all suspicion of unfair
ness in the selection of the cast for
the farce, the members of the com
mittee voted last night to give Coach
Mathieu complete charge of assign
ment of parts. The tryouts, it was de
cided by the committee, will be held
before the coach only, in the absence
of members of the committee. It is
thought that this method will guar
antee the selection of a cast entirely
on the basis of individual ability.
Frank L. Mathieu, coach of many
Stanford productions, has been chosen
by the Senior Farce committee to
direct the preparation of this year's
senior offering, which will be given
in the Assembly Hall on May 17. Se
lection of the drama to be given has
not yet been made. Negotiations have
been entered into with the American
Play company for a modern farce; the
announcement of the choice will be
made soon. Though definite date for
tryouts has not been set, they will be
held early, in order that parts may be
assigned before the spring vacation.
To eliminate all suspicion of unfair
ness in the selection of the cast for
the farce, the members of the com
mittee voted last night to give Coach
Mathieu complete charge of assign
ment of parts. The tryouts, it was de
cided by the committee, will be held
before the coach only, in the absence
of members of the committee. It is
thought that this method will guar
antee the selection of a cast entirely
on the basis of individual ability.
Frank L. Mathieu, coach of many
Stanford productions, has been chosen
by the Senior Farce committee to
direct the preparation of this year's
senior offering, which will be given
in the Assembly Hall on May 17. Se
lection of the drama to be given has
not yet been made. Negotiations have
been entered into with the American
Play company for a modern farce; the
announcement of the choice will be
made soon. Though definite date for
tryouts has not been set, they will be
held early, in order that parts may be
assigned before the spring vacation.
To eliminate all suspicion of unfair
ness in the selection of the cast for
the farce, the members of the com
mittee voted last night to give Coach
Mathieu complete charge of assign
ment of parts. The tryouts, it was de
cided by the committee, will be held
before the coach only, in the absence
of members of the committee. It is
thought that this method will guar
antee the selection of a cast entirely
on the basis of individual ability.
