# Anita Berendson Engaged
## 
### 
Announcement is made of the en
gagement ofAnita Berendson, '23, and
Sanford Dickey, '21. Miss Berendson
belongs to Alpha Phi, and her fiance
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Announcement is made of the en
gagement ofAnita Berendson, '23, and
Sanford Dickey, '21. Miss Berendson
belongs to Alpha Phi, and her fiance
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Announcement is made of the en
gagement ofAnita Berendson, '23, and
Sanford Dickey, '21. Miss Berendson
belongs to Alpha Phi, and her fiance
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Announcement is made of the en
gagement ofAnita Berendson, '23, and
Sanford Dickey, '21. Miss Berendson
belongs to Alpha Phi, and her fiance
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Announcement is made of the en
gagement ofAnita Berendson, '23, and
Sanford Dickey, '21. Miss Berendson
belongs to Alpha Phi, and her fiance
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Announcement is made of the en
gagement ofAnita Berendson, '23, and
Sanford Dickey, '21. Miss Berendson
belongs to Alpha Phi, and her fiance
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Announcement is made of the en
gagement ofAnita Berendson, '23, and
Sanford Dickey, '21. Miss Berendson
belongs to Alpha Phi, and her fiance
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Announcement is made of the en
gagement ofAnita Berendson, '23, and
Sanford Dickey, '21. Miss Berendson
belongs to Alpha Phi, and her fiance
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Announcement is made of the en
gagement ofAnita Berendson, '23, and
Sanford Dickey, '21. Miss Berendson
belongs to Alpha Phi, and her fiance
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Announcement is made of the en
gagement ofAnita Berendson, '23, and
Sanford Dickey, '21. Miss Berendson
belongs to Alpha Phi, and her fiance
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Announcement is made of the en
gagement ofAnita Berendson, '23, and
Sanford Dickey, '21. Miss Berendson
belongs to Alpha Phi, and her fiance
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Announcement is made of the en
gagement ofAnita Berendson, '23, and
Sanford Dickey, '21. Miss Berendson
belongs to Alpha Phi, and her fiance
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Announcement is made of the en
gagement ofAnita Berendson, '23, and
Sanford Dickey, '21. Miss Berendson
belongs to Alpha Phi, and her fiance
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Announcement is made of the en
gagement ofAnita Berendson, '23, and
Sanford Dickey, '21. Miss Berendson
belongs to Alpha Phi, and her fiance
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Announcement is made of the en
gagement ofAnita Berendson, '23, and
Sanford Dickey, '21. Miss Berendson
belongs to Alpha Phi, and her fiance
is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
