# George Stratton Engaged
## 
### 
The engagement of George Stratton,
'22, and Virginia McMillan of San
Francisco was announced recently at
the Delta Chi house. Stratton is now
with the Hartford Accident & Insur
ance company and is a member of
Delta Chi.
The engagement of George Stratton,
'22, and Virginia McMillan of San
Francisco was announced recently at
the Delta Chi house. Stratton is now
with the Hartford Accident & Insur
ance company and is a member of
Delta Chi.
The engagement of George Stratton,
'22, and Virginia McMillan of San
Francisco was announced recently at
the Delta Chi house. Stratton is now
with the Hartford Accident & Insur
ance company and is a member of
Delta Chi.
The engagement of George Stratton,
'22, and Virginia McMillan of San
Francisco was announced recently at
the Delta Chi house. Stratton is now
with the Hartford Accident & Insur
ance company and is a member of
Delta Chi.
The engagement of George Stratton,
'22, and Virginia McMillan of San
Francisco was announced recently at
the Delta Chi house. Stratton is now
with the Hartford Accident & Insur
ance company and is a member of
Delta Chi.
The engagement of George Stratton,
'22, and Virginia McMillan of San
Francisco was announced recently at
the Delta Chi house. Stratton is now
with the Hartford Accident & Insur
ance company and is a member of
Delta Chi.
The engagement of George Stratton,
'22, and Virginia McMillan of San
Francisco was announced recently at
the Delta Chi house. Stratton is now
with the Hartford Accident & Insur
ance company and is a member of
Delta Chi.
The engagement of George Stratton,
'22, and Virginia McMillan of San
Francisco was announced recently at
the Delta Chi house. Stratton is now
with the Hartford Accident & Insur
ance company and is a member of
Delta Chi.
The engagement of George Stratton,
'22, and Virginia McMillan of San
Francisco was announced recently at
the Delta Chi house. Stratton is now
with the Hartford Accident & Insur
ance company and is a member of
Delta Chi.
The engagement of George Stratton,
'22, and Virginia McMillan of San
Francisco was announced recently at
the Delta Chi house. Stratton is now
with the Hartford Accident & Insur
ance company and is a member of
Delta Chi.
The engagement of George Stratton,
'22, and Virginia McMillan of San
Francisco was announced recently at
the Delta Chi house. Stratton is now
with the Hartford Accident & Insur
ance company and is a member of
Delta Chi.
The engagement of George Stratton,
'22, and Virginia McMillan of San
Francisco was announced recently at
the Delta Chi house. Stratton is now
with the Hartford Accident & Insur
ance company and is a member of
Delta Chi.
The engagement of George Stratton,
'22, and Virginia McMillan of San
Francisco was announced recently at
the Delta Chi house. Stratton is now
with the Hartford Accident & Insur
ance company and is a member of
Delta Chi.
The engagement of George Stratton,
'22, and Virginia McMillan of San
Francisco was announced recently at
the Delta Chi house. Stratton is now
with the Hartford Accident & Insur
ance company and is a member of
Delta Chi.
The engagement of George Stratton,
'22, and Virginia McMillan of San
Francisco was announced recently at
the Delta Chi house. Stratton is now
with the Hartford Accident & Insur
ance company and is a member of
Delta Chi.
