# MEDICINE MAN DIES
## 
### 
CHICO, April 4. (/P)—William J.
Conway, 71, widely known Indian
"doctor," died here yesterday after
a heart attack.

Radio broadcasting stations in the
world number 1,423, according to a
department of commerce count.
CHICO, April 4. (/P)—William J.
Conway, 71, widely known Indian
"doctor," died here yesterday after
a heart attack.

Radio broadcasting stations in the
world number 1,423, according to a
department of commerce count.
CHICO, April 4. (/P)—William J.
Conway, 71, widely known Indian
"doctor," died here yesterday after
a heart attack.

Radio broadcasting stations in the
world number 1,423, according to a
department of commerce count.
CHICO, April 4. (/P)—William J.
Conway, 71, widely known Indian
"doctor," died here yesterday after
a heart attack.

Radio broadcasting stations in the
world number 1,423, according to a
department of commerce count.
CHICO, April 4. (/P)—William J.
Conway, 71, widely known Indian
"doctor," died here yesterday after
a heart attack.

Radio broadcasting stations in the
world number 1,423, according to a
department of commerce count.
CHICO, April 4. (/P)—William J.
Conway, 71, widely known Indian
"doctor," died here yesterday after
a heart attack.

Radio broadcasting stations in the
world number 1,423, according to a
department of commerce count.
CHICO, April 4. (/P)—William J.
Conway, 71, widely known Indian
"doctor," died here yesterday after
a heart attack.

Radio broadcasting stations in the
world number 1,423, according to a
department of commerce count.
CHICO, April 4. (/P)—William J.
Conway, 71, widely known Indian
"doctor," died here yesterday after
a heart attack.

Radio broadcasting stations in the
world number 1,423, according to a
department of commerce count.
CHICO, April 4. (/P)—William J.
Conway, 71, widely known Indian
"doctor," died here yesterday after
a heart attack.

Radio broadcasting stations in the
world number 1,423, according to a
department of commerce count.
CHICO, April 4. (/P)—William J.
Conway, 71, widely known Indian
"doctor," died here yesterday after
a heart attack.

Radio broadcasting stations in the
world number 1,423, according to a
department of commerce count.
CHICO, April 4. (/P)—William J.
Conway, 71, widely known Indian
"doctor," died here yesterday after
a heart attack.

Radio broadcasting stations in the
world number 1,423, according to a
department of commerce count.
CHICO, April 4. (/P)—William J.
Conway, 71, widely known Indian
"doctor," died here yesterday after
a heart attack.

Radio broadcasting stations in the
world number 1,423, according to a
department of commerce count.
CHICO, April 4. (/P)—William J.
Conway, 71, widely known Indian
"doctor," died here yesterday after
a heart attack.

Radio broadcasting stations in the
world number 1,423, according to a
department of commerce count.
CHICO, April 4. (/P)—William J.
Conway, 71, widely known Indian
"doctor," died here yesterday after
a heart attack.

Radio broadcasting stations in the
world number 1,423, according to a
department of commerce count.
