# BAG 55 LIONS
## 
### 
SACKAMENTO, April 4. (/}>) —
Mountain lion hunting in California
set a 19 year record during March,
when 55 claims for bounties were
made, said D. 11. Blood, director of
natural resources.
SACKAMENTO, April 4. (/}>) —
Mountain lion hunting in California
set a 19 year record during March,
when 55 claims for bounties were
made, said D. 11. Blood, director of
natural resources.
SACKAMENTO, April 4. (/}>) —
Mountain lion hunting in California
set a 19 year record during March,
when 55 claims for bounties were
made, said D. 11. Blood, director of
natural resources.
SACKAMENTO, April 4. (/}>) —
Mountain lion hunting in California
set a 19 year record during March,
when 55 claims for bounties were
made, said D. 11. Blood, director of
natural resources.
SACKAMENTO, April 4. (/}>) —
Mountain lion hunting in California
set a 19 year record during March,
when 55 claims for bounties were
made, said D. 11. Blood, director of
natural resources.
SACKAMENTO, April 4. (/}>) —
Mountain lion hunting in California
set a 19 year record during March,
when 55 claims for bounties were
made, said D. 11. Blood, director of
natural resources.
SACKAMENTO, April 4. (/}>) —
Mountain lion hunting in California
set a 19 year record during March,
when 55 claims for bounties were
made, said D. 11. Blood, director of
natural resources.
SACKAMENTO, April 4. (/}>) —
Mountain lion hunting in California
set a 19 year record during March,
when 55 claims for bounties were
made, said D. 11. Blood, director of
natural resources.
SACKAMENTO, April 4. (/}>) —
Mountain lion hunting in California
set a 19 year record during March,
when 55 claims for bounties were
made, said D. 11. Blood, director of
natural resources.
SACKAMENTO, April 4. (/}>) —
Mountain lion hunting in California
set a 19 year record during March,
when 55 claims for bounties were
made, said D. 11. Blood, director of
natural resources.
SACKAMENTO, April 4. (/}>) —
Mountain lion hunting in California
set a 19 year record during March,
when 55 claims for bounties were
made, said D. 11. Blood, director of
natural resources.
SACKAMENTO, April 4. (/}>) —
Mountain lion hunting in California
set a 19 year record during March,
when 55 claims for bounties were
made, said D. 11. Blood, director of
natural resources.
SACKAMENTO, April 4. (/}>) —
Mountain lion hunting in California
set a 19 year record during March,
when 55 claims for bounties were
made, said D. 11. Blood, director of
natural resources.
SACKAMENTO, April 4. (/}>) —
Mountain lion hunting in California
set a 19 year record during March,
when 55 claims for bounties were
made, said D. 11. Blood, director of
natural resources.
