# Class Plate Job Awarded A.S.M.E. As Lowest Bidder
## 
### 
The senior class plate, a memorial
dedicated annually by the gradu
ating class in front of the Stanford
Chapel, is to be cast and installed
this year by the Stanford branch of
the American Society of Mechanical
Engineers, according to a report re
ceived from Bill Marchant, chairman
of the senior class plate committee.
A bid of $190 was received from
the society, which is $10 less than
the cost of installation last year.
Other bids received by the commit
tee include that of the American
Brass and Bronze Works, $345; De
Home's Bronze Foundry, $300; Nep
tune Machine and.Foundry Works,
$293; Kowal Tool and Die Dorks,
$260. Four other companies con
tacted did not send in estimates.
