# TED WIGET PLACES IN TWO SWIM RACES AT YALE A.A.U. MEET
## 
### 
Ted Wiget, Sianlord's sophomore j
national collegiate 440 yard swim !
champion, emerged from the A.A.U. J
meet at New Haven with a third j
place in the 220-yard free style and I
a second in the 500-yard free style j
events. He represented the Athens 1
Club of Oakland.
In the longer race, Buster Crabbe, j
the only triple winner in the meet,
led Wiget to the tape only because of
his strong finish in the last fifty
yards. The lead shifted repeatedly
during the first 450 yards Maiolo |
Kalili, who took third in this race, j
was the winner in the furlong when I
Wiget took third.
The New York A.C. won the un- I
official team honors. New world rec- I
ords were set in the 150-yard back- j
stroke by George Kojac, the 300- j
yard medley by Buster Crabbe, the
220-yard breast stroke by Leonard !
Spence, the 400-yard relay and the j
300-yard medley relay by the !
N.Y.A.C. team. Crabbe also set a
new American record in the 1500- i
meter event.
