# Great Britain Says Agreement Valid
## 
### 
LONDON. Jan. 19 (UP).—Great
Britain has sent Premier Josef Sta
lin personal assurances that she has
not repudiated the Anglo-Russian
alliance but regards it as still bind
ing and remains ready to extend its
duration from 20 to 50 years, it was
announced tonight.
In sending Stalin the assurances,
the government took the most un
usual course of denying an allega
tion made last week by the Moscow
newspaper Pravda, organ of the
Russian Communist party, that For
eign Secretary Ernest Bevin had re
pudiated the alliance.
Sir Maurice Drummon Peterson,
ambassador in Moscow, handed For
eign Minister Viacheslav Molotov a
communication yesterday, for deliv
ery to Stalin, denying the Pravda
charge.
LONDON. Jan. 19 (UP).—Great
Britain has sent Premier Josef Sta
lin personal assurances that she has
not repudiated the Anglo-Russian
alliance but regards it as still bind
ing and remains ready to extend its
duration from 20 to 50 years, it was
announced tonight.
In sending Stalin the assurances,
the government took the most un
usual course of denying an allega
tion made last week by the Moscow
newspaper Pravda, organ of the
Russian Communist party, that For
eign Secretary Ernest Bevin had re
pudiated the alliance.
Sir Maurice Drummon Peterson,
ambassador in Moscow, handed For
eign Minister Viacheslav Molotov a
communication yesterday, for deliv
ery to Stalin, denying the Pravda
charge.
LONDON. Jan. 19 (UP).—Great
Britain has sent Premier Josef Sta
lin personal assurances that she has
not repudiated the Anglo-Russian
alliance but regards it as still bind
ing and remains ready to extend its
duration from 20 to 50 years, it was
announced tonight.
In sending Stalin the assurances,
the government took the most un
usual course of denying an allega
tion made last week by the Moscow
newspaper Pravda, organ of the
Russian Communist party, that For
eign Secretary Ernest Bevin had re
pudiated the alliance.
Sir Maurice Drummon Peterson,
ambassador in Moscow, handed For
eign Minister Viacheslav Molotov a
communication yesterday, for deliv
ery to Stalin, denying the Pravda
charge.
LONDON. Jan. 19 (UP).—Great
Britain has sent Premier Josef Sta
lin personal assurances that she has
not repudiated the Anglo-Russian
alliance but regards it as still bind
ing and remains ready to extend its
duration from 20 to 50 years, it was
announced tonight.
In sending Stalin the assurances,
the government took the most un
usual course of denying an allega
tion made last week by the Moscow
newspaper Pravda, organ of the
Russian Communist party, that For
eign Secretary Ernest Bevin had re
pudiated the alliance.
Sir Maurice Drummon Peterson,
ambassador in Moscow, handed For
eign Minister Viacheslav Molotov a
communication yesterday, for deliv
ery to Stalin, denying the Pravda
charge.
LONDON. Jan. 19 (UP).—Great
Britain has sent Premier Josef Sta
lin personal assurances that she has
not repudiated the Anglo-Russian
alliance but regards it as still bind
ing and remains ready to extend its
duration from 20 to 50 years, it was
announced tonight.
In sending Stalin the assurances,
the government took the most un
usual course of denying an allega
tion made last week by the Moscow
newspaper Pravda, organ of the
Russian Communist party, that For
eign Secretary Ernest Bevin had re
pudiated the alliance.
Sir Maurice Drummon Peterson,
ambassador in Moscow, handed For
eign Minister Viacheslav Molotov a
communication yesterday, for deliv
ery to Stalin, denying the Pravda
charge.
LONDON. Jan. 19 (UP).—Great
Britain has sent Premier Josef Sta
lin personal assurances that she has
not repudiated the Anglo-Russian
alliance but regards it as still bind
ing and remains ready to extend its
duration from 20 to 50 years, it was
announced tonight.
In sending Stalin the assurances,
the government took the most un
usual course of denying an allega
tion made last week by the Moscow
newspaper Pravda, organ of the
Russian Communist party, that For
eign Secretary Ernest Bevin had re
pudiated the alliance.
Sir Maurice Drummon Peterson,
ambassador in Moscow, handed For
eign Minister Viacheslav Molotov a
communication yesterday, for deliv
ery to Stalin, denying the Pravda
charge.
LONDON. Jan. 19 (UP).—Great
Britain has sent Premier Josef Sta
lin personal assurances that she has
not repudiated the Anglo-Russian
alliance but regards it as still bind
ing and remains ready to extend its
duration from 20 to 50 years, it was
announced tonight.
In sending Stalin the assurances,
the government took the most un
usual course of denying an allega
tion made last week by the Moscow
newspaper Pravda, organ of the
Russian Communist party, that For
eign Secretary Ernest Bevin had re
pudiated the alliance.
Sir Maurice Drummon Peterson,
ambassador in Moscow, handed For
eign Minister Viacheslav Molotov a
communication yesterday, for deliv
ery to Stalin, denying the Pravda
charge.
LONDON. Jan. 19 (UP).—Great
Britain has sent Premier Josef Sta
lin personal assurances that she has
not repudiated the Anglo-Russian
alliance but regards it as still bind
ing and remains ready to extend its
duration from 20 to 50 years, it was
announced tonight.
In sending Stalin the assurances,
the government took the most un
usual course of denying an allega
tion made last week by the Moscow
newspaper Pravda, organ of the
Russian Communist party, that For
eign Secretary Ernest Bevin had re
pudiated the alliance.
Sir Maurice Drummon Peterson,
ambassador in Moscow, handed For
eign Minister Viacheslav Molotov a
communication yesterday, for deliv
ery to Stalin, denying the Pravda
charge.
LONDON. Jan. 19 (UP).—Great
Britain has sent Premier Josef Sta
lin personal assurances that she has
not repudiated the Anglo-Russian
alliance but regards it as still bind
ing and remains ready to extend its
duration from 20 to 50 years, it was
announced tonight.
In sending Stalin the assurances,
the government took the most un
usual course of denying an allega
tion made last week by the Moscow
newspaper Pravda, organ of the
Russian Communist party, that For
eign Secretary Ernest Bevin had re
pudiated the alliance.
Sir Maurice Drummon Peterson,
ambassador in Moscow, handed For
eign Minister Viacheslav Molotov a
communication yesterday, for deliv
ery to Stalin, denying the Pravda
charge.
LONDON. Jan. 19 (UP).—Great
Britain has sent Premier Josef Sta
lin personal assurances that she has
not repudiated the Anglo-Russian
alliance but regards it as still bind
ing and remains ready to extend its
duration from 20 to 50 years, it was
announced tonight.
In sending Stalin the assurances,
the government took the most un
usual course of denying an allega
tion made last week by the Moscow
newspaper Pravda, organ of the
Russian Communist party, that For
eign Secretary Ernest Bevin had re
pudiated the alliance.
Sir Maurice Drummon Peterson,
ambassador in Moscow, handed For
eign Minister Viacheslav Molotov a
communication yesterday, for deliv
ery to Stalin, denying the Pravda
charge.
LONDON. Jan. 19 (UP).—Great
Britain has sent Premier Josef Sta
lin personal assurances that she has
not repudiated the Anglo-Russian
alliance but regards it as still bind
ing and remains ready to extend its
duration from 20 to 50 years, it was
announced tonight.
In sending Stalin the assurances,
the government took the most un
usual course of denying an allega
tion made last week by the Moscow
newspaper Pravda, organ of the
Russian Communist party, that For
eign Secretary Ernest Bevin had re
pudiated the alliance.
Sir Maurice Drummon Peterson,
ambassador in Moscow, handed For
eign Minister Viacheslav Molotov a
communication yesterday, for deliv
ery to Stalin, denying the Pravda
charge.
LONDON. Jan. 19 (UP).—Great
Britain has sent Premier Josef Sta
lin personal assurances that she has
not repudiated the Anglo-Russian
alliance but regards it as still bind
ing and remains ready to extend its
duration from 20 to 50 years, it was
announced tonight.
In sending Stalin the assurances,
the government took the most un
usual course of denying an allega
tion made last week by the Moscow
newspaper Pravda, organ of the
Russian Communist party, that For
eign Secretary Ernest Bevin had re
pudiated the alliance.
Sir Maurice Drummon Peterson,
ambassador in Moscow, handed For
eign Minister Viacheslav Molotov a
communication yesterday, for deliv
ery to Stalin, denying the Pravda
charge.
LONDON. Jan. 19 (UP).—Great
Britain has sent Premier Josef Sta
lin personal assurances that she has
not repudiated the Anglo-Russian
alliance but regards it as still bind
ing and remains ready to extend its
duration from 20 to 50 years, it was
announced tonight.
In sending Stalin the assurances,
the government took the most un
usual course of denying an allega
tion made last week by the Moscow
newspaper Pravda, organ of the
Russian Communist party, that For
eign Secretary Ernest Bevin had re
pudiated the alliance.
Sir Maurice Drummon Peterson,
ambassador in Moscow, handed For
eign Minister Viacheslav Molotov a
communication yesterday, for deliv
ery to Stalin, denying the Pravda
charge.
LONDON. Jan. 19 (UP).—Great
Britain has sent Premier Josef Sta
lin personal assurances that she has
not repudiated the Anglo-Russian
alliance but regards it as still bind
ing and remains ready to extend its
duration from 20 to 50 years, it was
announced tonight.
In sending Stalin the assurances,
the government took the most un
usual course of denying an allega
tion made last week by the Moscow
newspaper Pravda, organ of the
Russian Communist party, that For
eign Secretary Ernest Bevin had re
pudiated the alliance.
Sir Maurice Drummon Peterson,
ambassador in Moscow, handed For
eign Minister Viacheslav Molotov a
communication yesterday, for deliv
ery to Stalin, denying the Pravda
charge.
LONDON. Jan. 19 (UP).—Great
Britain has sent Premier Josef Sta
lin personal assurances that she has
not repudiated the Anglo-Russian
alliance but regards it as still bind
ing and remains ready to extend its
duration from 20 to 50 years, it was
announced tonight.
In sending Stalin the assurances,
the government took the most un
usual course of denying an allega
tion made last week by the Moscow
newspaper Pravda, organ of the
Russian Communist party, that For
eign Secretary Ernest Bevin had re
pudiated the alliance.
Sir Maurice Drummon Peterson,
ambassador in Moscow, handed For
eign Minister Viacheslav Molotov a
communication yesterday, for deliv
ery to Stalin, denying the Pravda
charge.
