# MARRIAGE
## 
### 
Roth House announces the forth
coming marriage of Kathleen Moore
to John Louis Ncvin, Jr., on Feb. 1
at Los Angeles.
Roth House announces the forth
coming marriage of Kathleen Moore
to John Louis Ncvin, Jr., on Feb. 1
at Los Angeles.
Roth House announces the forth
coming marriage of Kathleen Moore
to John Louis Ncvin, Jr., on Feb. 1
at Los Angeles.
Roth House announces the forth
coming marriage of Kathleen Moore
to John Louis Ncvin, Jr., on Feb. 1
at Los Angeles.
Roth House announces the forth
coming marriage of Kathleen Moore
to John Louis Ncvin, Jr., on Feb. 1
at Los Angeles.
Roth House announces the forth
coming marriage of Kathleen Moore
to John Louis Ncvin, Jr., on Feb. 1
at Los Angeles.
Roth House announces the forth
coming marriage of Kathleen Moore
to John Louis Ncvin, Jr., on Feb. 1
at Los Angeles.
Roth House announces the forth
coming marriage of Kathleen Moore
to John Louis Ncvin, Jr., on Feb. 1
at Los Angeles.
Roth House announces the forth
coming marriage of Kathleen Moore
to John Louis Ncvin, Jr., on Feb. 1
at Los Angeles.
Roth House announces the forth
coming marriage of Kathleen Moore
to John Louis Ncvin, Jr., on Feb. 1
at Los Angeles.
Roth House announces the forth
coming marriage of Kathleen Moore
to John Louis Ncvin, Jr., on Feb. 1
at Los Angeles.
Roth House announces the forth
coming marriage of Kathleen Moore
to John Louis Ncvin, Jr., on Feb. 1
at Los Angeles.
Roth House announces the forth
coming marriage of Kathleen Moore
to John Louis Ncvin, Jr., on Feb. 1
at Los Angeles.
Roth House announces the forth
coming marriage of Kathleen Moore
to John Louis Ncvin, Jr., on Feb. 1
at Los Angeles.
Roth House announces the forth
coming marriage of Kathleen Moore
to John Louis Ncvin, Jr., on Feb. 1
at Los Angeles.
