# AKL BREAKS LEG
## 
### 
Walter Peter broke a leg in an in
tramural football tilt Sa irday morn
ing and was taken to P; ) Alto Hos
pital.
Peter, playing for Alpha Kappa
Lambda, went into the air to catch a
pass.
Walter Peter broke a leg in an in
tramural football tilt Sa irday morn
ing and was taken to P; ) Alto Hos
pital.
Peter, playing for Alpha Kappa
Lambda, went into the air to catch a
pass.
Walter Peter broke a leg in an in
tramural football tilt Sa irday morn
ing and was taken to P; ) Alto Hos
pital.
Peter, playing for Alpha Kappa
Lambda, went into the air to catch a
pass.
Walter Peter broke a leg in an in
tramural football tilt Sa irday morn
ing and was taken to P; ) Alto Hos
pital.
Peter, playing for Alpha Kappa
Lambda, went into the air to catch a
pass.
Walter Peter broke a leg in an in
tramural football tilt Sa irday morn
ing and was taken to P; ) Alto Hos
pital.
Peter, playing for Alpha Kappa
Lambda, went into the air to catch a
pass.
Walter Peter broke a leg in an in
tramural football tilt Sa irday morn
ing and was taken to P; ) Alto Hos
pital.
Peter, playing for Alpha Kappa
Lambda, went into the air to catch a
pass.
Walter Peter broke a leg in an in
tramural football tilt Sa irday morn
ing and was taken to P; ) Alto Hos
pital.
Peter, playing for Alpha Kappa
Lambda, went into the air to catch a
pass.
Walter Peter broke a leg in an in
tramural football tilt Sa irday morn
ing and was taken to P; ) Alto Hos
pital.
Peter, playing for Alpha Kappa
Lambda, went into the air to catch a
pass.
Walter Peter broke a leg in an in
tramural football tilt Sa irday morn
ing and was taken to P; ) Alto Hos
pital.
Peter, playing for Alpha Kappa
Lambda, went into the air to catch a
pass.
Walter Peter broke a leg in an in
tramural football tilt Sa irday morn
ing and was taken to P; ) Alto Hos
pital.
Peter, playing for Alpha Kappa
Lambda, went into the air to catch a
pass.
Walter Peter broke a leg in an in
tramural football tilt Sa irday morn
ing and was taken to P; ) Alto Hos
pital.
Peter, playing for Alpha Kappa
Lambda, went into the air to catch a
pass.
Walter Peter broke a leg in an in
tramural football tilt Sa irday morn
ing and was taken to P; ) Alto Hos
pital.
Peter, playing for Alpha Kappa
Lambda, went into the air to catch a
pass.
Walter Peter broke a leg in an in
tramural football tilt Sa irday morn
ing and was taken to P; ) Alto Hos
pital.
Peter, playing for Alpha Kappa
Lambda, went into the air to catch a
pass.
Walter Peter broke a leg in an in
tramural football tilt Sa irday morn
ing and was taken to P; ) Alto Hos
pital.
Peter, playing for Alpha Kappa
Lambda, went into the air to catch a
pass.
