# SOPH EXCOM
## 
### 
Sophomore Excom will meet to
night at 7 in Room 50 of the Edu
cation Building.
Sophomore Excom will meet to
night at 7 in Room 50 of the Edu
cation Building.
Sophomore Excom will meet to
night at 7 in Room 50 of the Edu
cation Building.
Sophomore Excom will meet to
night at 7 in Room 50 of the Edu
cation Building.
Sophomore Excom will meet to
night at 7 in Room 50 of the Edu
cation Building.
Sophomore Excom will meet to
night at 7 in Room 50 of the Edu
cation Building.
Sophomore Excom will meet to
night at 7 in Room 50 of the Edu
cation Building.
Sophomore Excom will meet to
night at 7 in Room 50 of the Edu
cation Building.
Sophomore Excom will meet to
night at 7 in Room 50 of the Edu
cation Building.
Sophomore Excom will meet to
night at 7 in Room 50 of the Edu
cation Building.
Sophomore Excom will meet to
night at 7 in Room 50 of the Edu
cation Building.
Sophomore Excom will meet to
night at 7 in Room 50 of the Edu
cation Building.
Sophomore Excom will meet to
night at 7 in Room 50 of the Edu
cation Building.
Sophomore Excom will meet to
night at 7 in Room 50 of the Edu
cation Building.
