# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Inasmuch as the president of the
University has been seen quietly to
dissuade the ignorant visitor from
smoking under the arcades, it might
he well for those few students who
have manifested the temerity of
late to ignore a custom long ob
served, to desist making such an
overt display in the quadrangle of
their proneness to transgress an
unwritten law whose observance
can work a hardship to no one ex
cept him who courts the notoriety
which such a practice will bring
him.
Inasmuch as the president of the
University has been seen quietly to
dissuade the ignorant visitor from
smoking under the arcades, it might
he well for those few students who
have manifested the temerity of
late to ignore a custom long ob
served, to desist making such an
overt display in the quadrangle of
their proneness to transgress an
unwritten law whose observance
can work a hardship to no one ex
cept him who courts the notoriety
which such a practice will bring
him.
Inasmuch as the president of the
University has been seen quietly to
dissuade the ignorant visitor from
smoking under the arcades, it might
he well for those few students who
have manifested the temerity of
late to ignore a custom long ob
served, to desist making such an
overt display in the quadrangle of
their proneness to transgress an
unwritten law whose observance
can work a hardship to no one ex
cept him who courts the notoriety
which such a practice will bring
him.
