# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Some students take a practical
pride in the University and its ap
pearance, and are willing to forego
pleasure where it must be had at
the expense of the University ;
others are more selfish. A request
was made by Dr. Jordan a few
weeks ago that students refrain
from entering the shrubbery in the
quadrangle because of the flower
seeds that are planted therein, and
because of the destruction to foli
age. Such a request ought to be
respected. These beautiful plots
were not intended for private stu
dios, nor for romantic sub rasa re
treats; but for ornaments to the
quadrangle. Let them then be re-
I spected as such. It should not be
necessary to build live-wire fences
j around them to keep them from
looking like a jungle overrun with
: cow-paths.
Some students take a practical
pride in the University and its ap
pearance, and are willing to forego
pleasure where it must be had at
the expense of the University ;
others are more selfish. A request
was made by Dr. Jordan a few
weeks ago that students refrain
from entering the shrubbery in the
quadrangle because of the flower
seeds that are planted therein, and
because of the destruction to foli
age. Such a request ought to be
respected. These beautiful plots
were not intended for private stu
dios, nor for romantic sub rasa re
treats; but for ornaments to the
quadrangle. Let them then be re-
I spected as such. It should not be
necessary to build live-wire fences
j around them to keep them from
looking like a jungle overrun with
: cow-paths.
Some students take a practical
pride in the University and its ap
pearance, and are willing to forego
pleasure where it must be had at
the expense of the University ;
others are more selfish. A request
was made by Dr. Jordan a few
weeks ago that students refrain
from entering the shrubbery in the
quadrangle because of the flower
seeds that are planted therein, and
because of the destruction to foli
age. Such a request ought to be
respected. These beautiful plots
were not intended for private stu
dios, nor for romantic sub rasa re
treats; but for ornaments to the
quadrangle. Let them then be re-
I spected as such. It should not be
necessary to build live-wire fences
j around them to keep them from
looking like a jungle overrun with
: cow-paths.
