# Untitled Article
## 
### 
According to the new regime any
person whether his name he on the
ticket or not may be voted for in
the student body election. A for
mer ruling of the illegality of an
election won on a scratched ticket
no longer holds. Next Wednesday
will probably witness an example
of ticket doctoring as it is done
very often in regular municipal
elections.
According to the new regime any
person whether his name he on the
ticket or not may be voted for in
the student body election. A for
mer ruling of the illegality of an
election won on a scratched ticket
no longer holds. Next Wednesday
will probably witness an example
of ticket doctoring as it is done
very often in regular municipal
elections.
According to the new regime any
person whether his name he on the
ticket or not may be voted for in
the student body election. A for
mer ruling of the illegality of an
election won on a scratched ticket
no longer holds. Next Wednesday
will probably witness an example
of ticket doctoring as it is done
very often in regular municipal
elections.
