# Track Improvements.
## 
### 
The University track is in very
bad shape at present owing to its
soaked condition after the recent
heavy rains. Several improve
ments are being made which will
put it in good condition for this
semester. A new curbing is being
putin for the 100 yards straight
away. The fence will be fixed
permanently and the curbing on
the Encina side will be replaced
and improved. A new take-off and
uprights for high jumping in ad
dition to the ones already in the
field will be put in. The soil of
the track will be improved by mix
ing clay with the cinders, though
this improvement will take some
time, as the ground is so water
soaked that the clay cannot be
hauled as yet.
