# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It may not seem wholly compat
ible with New Year's resolutions to
begin registering complaints thus
early in the year. But the present
editor of this paper, strange though
the fact may seem, is a firm be
liever in the efiicacy of occasional
outbursts of what a revered con
temporary is pleased to term
"knocking." We feel constrained,
therefore, to warn our readers that
they may expect at divers intervals,
whenever the spirit moves and the
necessity calls, judiciously selected
kicks against the powers and the
conditions that be. We had in
tended to devote some of today's
space to a disquisition on "Side
walks," but crowded space con
strains us to postpone that and an
essay on heating of the library to a
future issue.
It may not seem wholly compat
ible with New Year's resolutions to
begin registering complaints thus
early in the year. But the present
editor of this paper, strange though
the fact may seem, is a firm be
liever in the efiicacy of occasional
outbursts of what a revered con
temporary is pleased to term
"knocking." We feel constrained,
therefore, to warn our readers that
they may expect at divers intervals,
whenever the spirit moves and the
necessity calls, judiciously selected
kicks against the powers and the
conditions that be. We had in
tended to devote some of today's
space to a disquisition on "Side
walks," but crowded space con
strains us to postpone that and an
essay on heating of the library to a
future issue.
It may not seem wholly compat
ible with New Year's resolutions to
begin registering complaints thus
early in the year. But the present
editor of this paper, strange though
the fact may seem, is a firm be
liever in the efiicacy of occasional
outbursts of what a revered con
temporary is pleased to term
"knocking." We feel constrained,
therefore, to warn our readers that
they may expect at divers intervals,
whenever the spirit moves and the
necessity calls, judiciously selected
kicks against the powers and the
conditions that be. We had in
tended to devote some of today's
space to a disquisition on "Side
walks," but crowded space con
strains us to postpone that and an
essay on heating of the library to a
future issue.
It may not seem wholly compat
ible with New Year's resolutions to
begin registering complaints thus
early in the year. But the present
editor of this paper, strange though
the fact may seem, is a firm be
liever in the efiicacy of occasional
outbursts of what a revered con
temporary is pleased to term
"knocking." We feel constrained,
therefore, to warn our readers that
they may expect at divers intervals,
whenever the spirit moves and the
necessity calls, judiciously selected
kicks against the powers and the
conditions that be. We had in
tended to devote some of today's
space to a disquisition on "Side
walks," but crowded space con
strains us to postpone that and an
essay on heating of the library to a
future issue.
It may not seem wholly compat
ible with New Year's resolutions to
begin registering complaints thus
early in the year. But the present
editor of this paper, strange though
the fact may seem, is a firm be
liever in the efiicacy of occasional
outbursts of what a revered con
temporary is pleased to term
"knocking." We feel constrained,
therefore, to warn our readers that
they may expect at divers intervals,
whenever the spirit moves and the
necessity calls, judiciously selected
kicks against the powers and the
conditions that be. We had in
tended to devote some of today's
space to a disquisition on "Side
walks," but crowded space con
strains us to postpone that and an
essay on heating of the library to a
future issue.
It may not seem wholly compat
ible with New Year's resolutions to
begin registering complaints thus
early in the year. But the present
editor of this paper, strange though
the fact may seem, is a firm be
liever in the efiicacy of occasional
outbursts of what a revered con
temporary is pleased to term
"knocking." We feel constrained,
therefore, to warn our readers that
they may expect at divers intervals,
whenever the spirit moves and the
necessity calls, judiciously selected
kicks against the powers and the
conditions that be. We had in
tended to devote some of today's
space to a disquisition on "Side
walks," but crowded space con
strains us to postpone that and an
essay on heating of the library to a
future issue.
It may not seem wholly compat
ible with New Year's resolutions to
begin registering complaints thus
early in the year. But the present
editor of this paper, strange though
the fact may seem, is a firm be
liever in the efiicacy of occasional
outbursts of what a revered con
temporary is pleased to term
"knocking." We feel constrained,
therefore, to warn our readers that
they may expect at divers intervals,
whenever the spirit moves and the
necessity calls, judiciously selected
kicks against the powers and the
conditions that be. We had in
tended to devote some of today's
space to a disquisition on "Side
walks," but crowded space con
strains us to postpone that and an
essay on heating of the library to a
future issue.
It may not seem wholly compat
ible with New Year's resolutions to
begin registering complaints thus
early in the year. But the present
editor of this paper, strange though
the fact may seem, is a firm be
liever in the efiicacy of occasional
outbursts of what a revered con
temporary is pleased to term
"knocking." We feel constrained,
therefore, to warn our readers that
they may expect at divers intervals,
whenever the spirit moves and the
necessity calls, judiciously selected
kicks against the powers and the
conditions that be. We had in
tended to devote some of today's
space to a disquisition on "Side
walks," but crowded space con
strains us to postpone that and an
essay on heating of the library to a
future issue.
