# SKYROCKETS
## 
### 
Tonight, Encina Hall, the scene of
countless inspiring rallies and the
home of hosts of good fellows, will
swing its portals wide open to admit
the mass of howling, shouting fans
who intend to insure the 1916 foot
ball seasom a rousing send-off. Fresh
men and sophomores tired with the
day's scrimmage, plus upperclassmen
and holdovers, all imbued with the
Stanford Spirit, will be found crowd
ing, about the yell-leader.
* tfl !' I *• * * * * *
The cream of alumni speakers have
consented to both orate and harangue,
while in .addition captain, coach, and
trainer will mount the tables.
Whether you tavor the American
game or the English, and no doubt
tlie preference is pretty evenly di
vided, Rugby is on the boards for
this season. Stanford men will sup
port Rugby until the season is over
in November with all possible en
thusiasm. It's up to you to make the
rally a success.
** * * * * * *
Furthermore, whether your physical
outline resembles the scarecrow in
the cornfield, or you belong in the
blacksmith classification, —sign up
with the rest of the throng. This
evening, forget rushing and queening,
and wander over tp the Hall. Let the
Five-hundred take care of the cam
pus. ,
