# OUTLOOK GOOD FOR CARDINAL AQUATIC STARS
## 
### 
Prospects for an exceptionally suc
cessful swimming season for the
freshmen are very bright with the
registration this semester of a num
ber of acquatic stars. Norman Ross,
v, ho has entered with the clrss of
1920 is regarded as one of the three
best swimmers in the country. Ross
recently placed second in the mile to
Ludy Langer, who won the event in
23:11, setting a now world's record.
Ross iinished only eleven seconds be
hind the champion. Both swimmers
were even up to 1100 yards, setting
new outdoor world's records in the
440 and half-mile distances. In the
former event the ne wrecord set up
jointly by Ross and Langer was 5:27.
The half-mile distance was reached in
11:43.
Balbach, Green, Stewart, Slaughter,
and Finley, all freshmen, form a fast
quintet of short distance men. Stew
art is holder of the interscholastic
breast stroke championship in south
ern California, besides being fast in
the 00 and 100-yard events. Finley
also displays good form in the breast
stroke, and Balbach also has ability
as a diver.
The prospects for the varsity are
good, although California will offer
very strong competition. Among the
veterans who are back arc Fenni
man, Pedley, Goldsmith, Warren,
Coleman, Wright, Iredale, McGaffney,
and Lee. Kahle and Rakestraw are
divers who will star for the varsity.
A meeting, open to all swimming
enthusiasts, will be held in the Union,
Monday evening. At this time a cap
tain and manager will be elected and
dates for the meets will be arranged.
