# Untitled Article
## 
### 
FINAL VICTORY
Freshman Amber Liu
wins the NCAA
women's singles title.
SPORTS/6

AMBUSH IN IRAQ
Several U.S. soldiers were
killed and wounded in two
separate attacks yesterday.
WORLD & NATION/2


FINAL VICTORY
Freshman Amber Liu
wins the NCAA
women's singles title.
SPORTS/6

AMBUSH IN IRAQ
Several U.S. soldiers were
killed and wounded in two
separate attacks yesterday.
WORLD & NATION/2


FINAL VICTORY
Freshman Amber Liu
wins the NCAA
women's singles title.
SPORTS/6

AMBUSH IN IRAQ
Several U.S. soldiers were
killed and wounded in two
separate attacks yesterday.
WORLD & NATION/2


FINAL VICTORY
Freshman Amber Liu
wins the NCAA
women's singles title.
SPORTS/6

AMBUSH IN IRAQ
Several U.S. soldiers were
killed and wounded in two
separate attacks yesterday.
WORLD & NATION/2


FINAL VICTORY
Freshman Amber Liu
wins the NCAA
women's singles title.
SPORTS/6

AMBUSH IN IRAQ
Several U.S. soldiers were
killed and wounded in two
separate attacks yesterday.
WORLD & NATION/2


FINAL VICTORY
Freshman Amber Liu
wins the NCAA
women's singles title.
SPORTS/6

AMBUSH IN IRAQ
Several U.S. soldiers were
killed and wounded in two
separate attacks yesterday.
WORLD & NATION/2


FINAL VICTORY
Freshman Amber Liu
wins the NCAA
women's singles title.
SPORTS/6

AMBUSH IN IRAQ
Several U.S. soldiers were
killed and wounded in two
separate attacks yesterday.
WORLD & NATION/2


