# Dance at Redwood City Will Be Hard-Times Party
## 
### 
A hard times party will be the na
ture of the dance given by the Wom
en's Club of Redwood City, at their
clubhouse in Redwood Heights. De
corations to carry out the scheme of
the evening are being arranged and
the committee in charge of the even
ing's entertainment promises that,
everything to make a hard times party
a success will be used.
The dance will begin at 8:30 and
admission will be 75 cents for gentle
men, ladies free.
A hard times party will be the na
ture of the dance given by the Wom
en's Club of Redwood City, at their
clubhouse in Redwood Heights. De
corations to carry out the scheme of
the evening are being arranged and
the committee in charge of the even
ing's entertainment promises that,
everything to make a hard times party
a success will be used.
The dance will begin at 8:30 and
admission will be 75 cents for gentle
men, ladies free.
A hard times party will be the na
ture of the dance given by the Wom
en's Club of Redwood City, at their
clubhouse in Redwood Heights. De
corations to carry out the scheme of
the evening are being arranged and
the committee in charge of the even
ing's entertainment promises that,
everything to make a hard times party
a success will be used.
The dance will begin at 8:30 and
admission will be 75 cents for gentle
men, ladies free.
A hard times party will be the na
ture of the dance given by the Wom
en's Club of Redwood City, at their
clubhouse in Redwood Heights. De
corations to carry out the scheme of
the evening are being arranged and
the committee in charge of the even
ing's entertainment promises that,
everything to make a hard times party
a success will be used.
The dance will begin at 8:30 and
admission will be 75 cents for gentle
men, ladies free.
A hard times party will be the na
ture of the dance given by the Wom
en's Club of Redwood City, at their
clubhouse in Redwood Heights. De
corations to carry out the scheme of
the evening are being arranged and
the committee in charge of the even
ing's entertainment promises that,
everything to make a hard times party
a success will be used.
The dance will begin at 8:30 and
admission will be 75 cents for gentle
men, ladies free.
A hard times party will be the na
ture of the dance given by the Wom
en's Club of Redwood City, at their
clubhouse in Redwood Heights. De
corations to carry out the scheme of
the evening are being arranged and
the committee in charge of the even
ing's entertainment promises that,
everything to make a hard times party
a success will be used.
The dance will begin at 8:30 and
admission will be 75 cents for gentle
men, ladies free.
A hard times party will be the na
ture of the dance given by the Wom
en's Club of Redwood City, at their
clubhouse in Redwood Heights. De
corations to carry out the scheme of
the evening are being arranged and
the committee in charge of the even
ing's entertainment promises that,
everything to make a hard times party
a success will be used.
The dance will begin at 8:30 and
admission will be 75 cents for gentle
men, ladies free.
A hard times party will be the na
ture of the dance given by the Wom
en's Club of Redwood City, at their
clubhouse in Redwood Heights. De
corations to carry out the scheme of
the evening are being arranged and
the committee in charge of the even
ing's entertainment promises that,
everything to make a hard times party
a success will be used.
The dance will begin at 8:30 and
admission will be 75 cents for gentle
men, ladies free.
A hard times party will be the na
ture of the dance given by the Wom
en's Club of Redwood City, at their
clubhouse in Redwood Heights. De
corations to carry out the scheme of
the evening are being arranged and
the committee in charge of the even
ing's entertainment promises that,
everything to make a hard times party
a success will be used.
The dance will begin at 8:30 and
admission will be 75 cents for gentle
men, ladies free.
A hard times party will be the na
ture of the dance given by the Wom
en's Club of Redwood City, at their
clubhouse in Redwood Heights. De
corations to carry out the scheme of
the evening are being arranged and
the committee in charge of the even
ing's entertainment promises that,
everything to make a hard times party
a success will be used.
The dance will begin at 8:30 and
admission will be 75 cents for gentle
men, ladies free.
A hard times party will be the na
ture of the dance given by the Wom
en's Club of Redwood City, at their
clubhouse in Redwood Heights. De
corations to carry out the scheme of
the evening are being arranged and
the committee in charge of the even
ing's entertainment promises that,
everything to make a hard times party
a success will be used.
The dance will begin at 8:30 and
admission will be 75 cents for gentle
men, ladies free.
A hard times party will be the na
ture of the dance given by the Wom
en's Club of Redwood City, at their
clubhouse in Redwood Heights. De
corations to carry out the scheme of
the evening are being arranged and
the committee in charge of the even
ing's entertainment promises that,
everything to make a hard times party
a success will be used.
The dance will begin at 8:30 and
admission will be 75 cents for gentle
men, ladies free.
A hard times party will be the na
ture of the dance given by the Wom
en's Club of Redwood City, at their
clubhouse in Redwood Heights. De
corations to carry out the scheme of
the evening are being arranged and
the committee in charge of the even
ing's entertainment promises that,
everything to make a hard times party
a success will be used.
The dance will begin at 8:30 and
admission will be 75 cents for gentle
men, ladies free.
A hard times party will be the na
ture of the dance given by the Wom
en's Club of Redwood City, at their
clubhouse in Redwood Heights. De
corations to carry out the scheme of
the evening are being arranged and
the committee in charge of the even
ing's entertainment promises that,
everything to make a hard times party
a success will be used.
The dance will begin at 8:30 and
admission will be 75 cents for gentle
men, ladies free.
