# Untitled Article
## 
### 
There will be a meeting of the
senior class in room 214, Thurs
day, June 8, at 7:15 p.m. Profes
sor Robinson, Chairman of the
Committee of Public Exercises
will explain the class duties on
Baccalaureate Sunday, and Com
mencement Day. Professor Ro
binson is anxious for every mem
ber of the class who expects to
attend these ceremonies to be
present.
There will be a meeting of the
senior class in room 214, Thurs
day, June 8, at 7:15 p.m. Profes
sor Robinson, Chairman of the
Committee of Public Exercises
will explain the class duties on
Baccalaureate Sunday, and Com
mencement Day. Professor Ro
binson is anxious for every mem
ber of the class who expects to
attend these ceremonies to be
present.
There will be a meeting of the
senior class in room 214, Thurs
day, June 8, at 7:15 p.m. Profes
sor Robinson, Chairman of the
Committee of Public Exercises
will explain the class duties on
Baccalaureate Sunday, and Com
mencement Day. Professor Ro
binson is anxious for every mem
ber of the class who expects to
attend these ceremonies to be
present.
There will be a meeting of the
senior class in room 214, Thurs
day, June 8, at 7:15 p.m. Profes
sor Robinson, Chairman of the
Committee of Public Exercises
will explain the class duties on
Baccalaureate Sunday, and Com
mencement Day. Professor Ro
binson is anxious for every mem
ber of the class who expects to
attend these ceremonies to be
present.
There will be a meeting of the
senior class in room 214, Thurs
day, June 8, at 7:15 p.m. Profes
sor Robinson, Chairman of the
Committee of Public Exercises
will explain the class duties on
Baccalaureate Sunday, and Com
mencement Day. Professor Ro
binson is anxious for every mem
ber of the class who expects to
attend these ceremonies to be
present.
There will be a meeting of the
senior class in room 214, Thurs
day, June 8, at 7:15 p.m. Profes
sor Robinson, Chairman of the
Committee of Public Exercises
will explain the class duties on
Baccalaureate Sunday, and Com
mencement Day. Professor Ro
binson is anxious for every mem
ber of the class who expects to
attend these ceremonies to be
present.
There will be a meeting of the
senior class in room 214, Thurs
day, June 8, at 7:15 p.m. Profes
sor Robinson, Chairman of the
Committee of Public Exercises
will explain the class duties on
Baccalaureate Sunday, and Com
mencement Day. Professor Ro
binson is anxious for every mem
ber of the class who expects to
attend these ceremonies to be
present.
There will be a meeting of the
senior class in room 214, Thurs
day, June 8, at 7:15 p.m. Profes
sor Robinson, Chairman of the
Committee of Public Exercises
will explain the class duties on
Baccalaureate Sunday, and Com
mencement Day. Professor Ro
binson is anxious for every mem
ber of the class who expects to
attend these ceremonies to be
present.
There will be a meeting of the
senior class in room 214, Thurs
day, June 8, at 7:15 p.m. Profes
sor Robinson, Chairman of the
Committee of Public Exercises
will explain the class duties on
Baccalaureate Sunday, and Com
mencement Day. Professor Ro
binson is anxious for every mem
ber of the class who expects to
attend these ceremonies to be
present.
There will be a meeting of the
senior class in room 214, Thurs
day, June 8, at 7:15 p.m. Profes
sor Robinson, Chairman of the
Committee of Public Exercises
will explain the class duties on
Baccalaureate Sunday, and Com
mencement Day. Professor Ro
binson is anxious for every mem
ber of the class who expects to
attend these ceremonies to be
present.
There will be a meeting of the
senior class in room 214, Thurs
day, June 8, at 7:15 p.m. Profes
sor Robinson, Chairman of the
Committee of Public Exercises
will explain the class duties on
Baccalaureate Sunday, and Com
mencement Day. Professor Ro
binson is anxious for every mem
ber of the class who expects to
attend these ceremonies to be
present.
There will be a meeting of the
senior class in room 214, Thurs
day, June 8, at 7:15 p.m. Profes
sor Robinson, Chairman of the
Committee of Public Exercises
will explain the class duties on
Baccalaureate Sunday, and Com
mencement Day. Professor Ro
binson is anxious for every mem
ber of the class who expects to
attend these ceremonies to be
present.
There will be a meeting of the
senior class in room 214, Thurs
day, June 8, at 7:15 p.m. Profes
sor Robinson, Chairman of the
Committee of Public Exercises
will explain the class duties on
Baccalaureate Sunday, and Com
mencement Day. Professor Ro
binson is anxious for every mem
ber of the class who expects to
attend these ceremonies to be
present.
There will be a meeting of the
senior class in room 214, Thurs
day, June 8, at 7:15 p.m. Profes
sor Robinson, Chairman of the
Committee of Public Exercises
will explain the class duties on
Baccalaureate Sunday, and Com
mencement Day. Professor Ro
binson is anxious for every mem
ber of the class who expects to
attend these ceremonies to be
present.
