# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
//ujcky\
llSTRIKE:))
TOASTED^^Jp
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//ujcky\
llSTRIKE:))
TOASTED^^Jp
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//ujcky\
llSTRIKE:))
TOASTED^^Jp
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//ujcky\
llSTRIKE:))
TOASTED^^Jp
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//ujcky\
llSTRIKE:))
TOASTED^^Jp
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//ujcky\
llSTRIKE:))
TOASTED^^Jp
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//ujcky\
llSTRIKE:))
TOASTED^^Jp
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//ujcky\
llSTRIKE:))
TOASTED^^Jp
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//ujcky\
llSTRIKE:))
TOASTED^^Jp
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//ujcky\
llSTRIKE:))
TOASTED^^Jp
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//ujcky\
llSTRIKE:))
TOASTED^^Jp
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//ujcky\
llSTRIKE:))
TOASTED^^Jp
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//ujcky\
llSTRIKE:))
TOASTED^^Jp
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//ujcky\
llSTRIKE:))
TOASTED^^Jp
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
//ujcky\
llSTRIKE:))
TOASTED^^Jp
Cigarette
Toasting the tobacco
for LUCKY STRIKE
costs a fortune but it
saves the flavor.
