# WAR PRIZE FOUND
## 
### 
BERLIN, Feb. 18. </P> — After
eighteen years a German officer
who was captured near Ypres has
been traced by the captor and his
sword returned.
BERLIN, Feb. 18. </P> — After
eighteen years a German officer
who was captured near Ypres has
been traced by the captor and his
sword returned.
BERLIN, Feb. 18. </P> — After
eighteen years a German officer
who was captured near Ypres has
been traced by the captor and his
sword returned.
BERLIN, Feb. 18. </P> — After
eighteen years a German officer
who was captured near Ypres has
been traced by the captor and his
sword returned.
BERLIN, Feb. 18. </P> — After
eighteen years a German officer
who was captured near Ypres has
been traced by the captor and his
sword returned.
BERLIN, Feb. 18. </P> — After
eighteen years a German officer
who was captured near Ypres has
been traced by the captor and his
sword returned.
BERLIN, Feb. 18. </P> — After
eighteen years a German officer
who was captured near Ypres has
been traced by the captor and his
sword returned.
BERLIN, Feb. 18. </P> — After
eighteen years a German officer
who was captured near Ypres has
been traced by the captor and his
sword returned.
BERLIN, Feb. 18. </P> — After
eighteen years a German officer
who was captured near Ypres has
been traced by the captor and his
sword returned.
BERLIN, Feb. 18. </P> — After
eighteen years a German officer
who was captured near Ypres has
been traced by the captor and his
sword returned.
BERLIN, Feb. 18. </P> — After
eighteen years a German officer
who was captured near Ypres has
been traced by the captor and his
sword returned.
BERLIN, Feb. 18. </P> — After
eighteen years a German officer
who was captured near Ypres has
been traced by the captor and his
sword returned.
BERLIN, Feb. 18. </P> — After
eighteen years a German officer
who was captured near Ypres has
been traced by the captor and his
sword returned.
BERLIN, Feb. 18. </P> — After
eighteen years a German officer
who was captured near Ypres has
been traced by the captor and his
sword returned.
BERLIN, Feb. 18. </P> — After
eighteen years a German officer
who was captured near Ypres has
been traced by the captor and his
sword returned.
BERLIN, Feb. 18. </P> — After
eighteen years a German officer
who was captured near Ypres has
been traced by the captor and his
sword returned.
