# FIRST JAPANESE PRISONERS IN SHANGHAI BATTLE
## 
### 

Some of the first pictures taken,-»
after Japanese sailors and marines
had landed in Shanghai and shelled
parts of the native city. Lower:
Japanese volunteers questioning
Chinese prisoners; upper, Japanese
bluejackets escorting their captives
through the street.

Some of the first pictures taken,-»
after Japanese sailors and marines
had landed in Shanghai and shelled
parts of the native city. Lower:
Japanese volunteers questioning
Chinese prisoners; upper, Japanese
bluejackets escorting their captives
through the street.

Some of the first pictures taken,-»
after Japanese sailors and marines
had landed in Shanghai and shelled
parts of the native city. Lower:
Japanese volunteers questioning
Chinese prisoners; upper, Japanese
bluejackets escorting their captives
through the street.

Some of the first pictures taken,-»
after Japanese sailors and marines
had landed in Shanghai and shelled
parts of the native city. Lower:
Japanese volunteers questioning
Chinese prisoners; upper, Japanese
bluejackets escorting their captives
through the street.

Some of the first pictures taken,-»
after Japanese sailors and marines
had landed in Shanghai and shelled
parts of the native city. Lower:
Japanese volunteers questioning
Chinese prisoners; upper, Japanese
bluejackets escorting their captives
through the street.

Some of the first pictures taken,-»
after Japanese sailors and marines
had landed in Shanghai and shelled
parts of the native city. Lower:
Japanese volunteers questioning
Chinese prisoners; upper, Japanese
bluejackets escorting their captives
through the street.

Some of the first pictures taken,-»
after Japanese sailors and marines
had landed in Shanghai and shelled
parts of the native city. Lower:
Japanese volunteers questioning
Chinese prisoners; upper, Japanese
bluejackets escorting their captives
through the street.

Some of the first pictures taken,-»
after Japanese sailors and marines
had landed in Shanghai and shelled
parts of the native city. Lower:
Japanese volunteers questioning
Chinese prisoners; upper, Japanese
bluejackets escorting their captives
through the street.

Some of the first pictures taken,-»
after Japanese sailors and marines
had landed in Shanghai and shelled
parts of the native city. Lower:
Japanese volunteers questioning
Chinese prisoners; upper, Japanese
bluejackets escorting their captives
through the street.

Some of the first pictures taken,-»
after Japanese sailors and marines
had landed in Shanghai and shelled
parts of the native city. Lower:
Japanese volunteers questioning
Chinese prisoners; upper, Japanese
bluejackets escorting their captives
through the street.

Some of the first pictures taken,-»
after Japanese sailors and marines
had landed in Shanghai and shelled
parts of the native city. Lower:
Japanese volunteers questioning
Chinese prisoners; upper, Japanese
bluejackets escorting their captives
through the street.

Some of the first pictures taken,-»
after Japanese sailors and marines
had landed in Shanghai and shelled
parts of the native city. Lower:
Japanese volunteers questioning
Chinese prisoners; upper, Japanese
bluejackets escorting their captives
through the street.

Some of the first pictures taken,-»
after Japanese sailors and marines
had landed in Shanghai and shelled
parts of the native city. Lower:
Japanese volunteers questioning
Chinese prisoners; upper, Japanese
bluejackets escorting their captives
through the street.

Some of the first pictures taken,-»
after Japanese sailors and marines
had landed in Shanghai and shelled
parts of the native city. Lower:
Japanese volunteers questioning
Chinese prisoners; upper, Japanese
bluejackets escorting their captives
through the street.

Some of the first pictures taken,-»
after Japanese sailors and marines
had landed in Shanghai and shelled
parts of the native city. Lower:
Japanese volunteers questioning
Chinese prisoners; upper, Japanese
bluejackets escorting their captives
through the street.

Some of the first pictures taken,-»
after Japanese sailors and marines
had landed in Shanghai and shelled
parts of the native city. Lower:
Japanese volunteers questioning
Chinese prisoners; upper, Japanese
bluejackets escorting their captives
through the street.
