# THETA XI PLEDGES
## 
### 
Theta Xi announces the pledging
of Howard Hall and Douglas Bry
ant, both of the Class of '33. I
Theta Xi announces the pledging
of Howard Hall and Douglas Bry
ant, both of the Class of '33. I
Theta Xi announces the pledging
of Howard Hall and Douglas Bry
ant, both of the Class of '33. I
Theta Xi announces the pledging
of Howard Hall and Douglas Bry
ant, both of the Class of '33. I
Theta Xi announces the pledging
of Howard Hall and Douglas Bry
ant, both of the Class of '33. I
Theta Xi announces the pledging
of Howard Hall and Douglas Bry
ant, both of the Class of '33. I
Theta Xi announces the pledging
of Howard Hall and Douglas Bry
ant, both of the Class of '33. I
Theta Xi announces the pledging
of Howard Hall and Douglas Bry
ant, both of the Class of '33. I
Theta Xi announces the pledging
of Howard Hall and Douglas Bry
ant, both of the Class of '33. I
Theta Xi announces the pledging
of Howard Hall and Douglas Bry
ant, both of the Class of '33. I
Theta Xi announces the pledging
of Howard Hall and Douglas Bry
ant, both of the Class of '33. I
Theta Xi announces the pledging
of Howard Hall and Douglas Bry
ant, both of the Class of '33. I
Theta Xi announces the pledging
of Howard Hall and Douglas Bry
ant, both of the Class of '33. I
Theta Xi announces the pledging
of Howard Hall and Douglas Bry
ant, both of the Class of '33. I
Theta Xi announces the pledging
of Howard Hall and Douglas Bry
ant, both of the Class of '33. I
Theta Xi announces the pledging
of Howard Hall and Douglas Bry
ant, both of the Class of '33. I
