# RIFLEMEN MAINTAIN RECORD OF TWELVE WINS, NO DEFEATS
## 
### 
Twelve straight victories and no
defeats is the record of the rifle
team in matches so far this season.
This was revealed yesterday when
final compilation of last week's
shooting found the Stanford group
with better scores than Cincinnati,
Oregon State, Idaho, Kansas State,
and Missouri.
The local squad won by large
margins in most of these encoun
ters, the one exception being with
Cincinnati. This was a three-posi
tion shoot, with the Cardinals win
ning 1372-1364.
With still another day of firing
left, a new high mark of 1884 has
already been registered this week,
and there is a strong probability
that this total will hi- increased
Twelve straight victories and no
defeats is the record of the rifle
team in matches so far this season.
This was revealed yesterday when
final compilation of last week's
shooting found the Stanford group
with better scores than Cincinnati,
Oregon State, Idaho, Kansas State,
and Missouri.
The local squad won by large
margins in most of these encoun
ters, the one exception being with
Cincinnati. This was a three-posi
tion shoot, with the Cardinals win
ning 1372-1364.
With still another day of firing
left, a new high mark of 1884 has
already been registered this week,
and there is a strong probability
that this total will hi- increased
Twelve straight victories and no
defeats is the record of the rifle
team in matches so far this season.
This was revealed yesterday when
final compilation of last week's
shooting found the Stanford group
with better scores than Cincinnati,
Oregon State, Idaho, Kansas State,
and Missouri.
The local squad won by large
margins in most of these encoun
ters, the one exception being with
Cincinnati. This was a three-posi
tion shoot, with the Cardinals win
ning 1372-1364.
With still another day of firing
left, a new high mark of 1884 has
already been registered this week,
and there is a strong probability
that this total will hi- increased
Twelve straight victories and no
defeats is the record of the rifle
team in matches so far this season.
This was revealed yesterday when
final compilation of last week's
shooting found the Stanford group
with better scores than Cincinnati,
Oregon State, Idaho, Kansas State,
and Missouri.
The local squad won by large
margins in most of these encoun
ters, the one exception being with
Cincinnati. This was a three-posi
tion shoot, with the Cardinals win
ning 1372-1364.
With still another day of firing
left, a new high mark of 1884 has
already been registered this week,
and there is a strong probability
that this total will hi- increased
Twelve straight victories and no
defeats is the record of the rifle
team in matches so far this season.
This was revealed yesterday when
final compilation of last week's
shooting found the Stanford group
with better scores than Cincinnati,
Oregon State, Idaho, Kansas State,
and Missouri.
The local squad won by large
margins in most of these encoun
ters, the one exception being with
Cincinnati. This was a three-posi
tion shoot, with the Cardinals win
ning 1372-1364.
With still another day of firing
left, a new high mark of 1884 has
already been registered this week,
and there is a strong probability
that this total will hi- increased
Twelve straight victories and no
defeats is the record of the rifle
team in matches so far this season.
This was revealed yesterday when
final compilation of last week's
shooting found the Stanford group
with better scores than Cincinnati,
Oregon State, Idaho, Kansas State,
and Missouri.
The local squad won by large
margins in most of these encoun
ters, the one exception being with
Cincinnati. This was a three-posi
tion shoot, with the Cardinals win
ning 1372-1364.
With still another day of firing
left, a new high mark of 1884 has
already been registered this week,
and there is a strong probability
that this total will hi- increased
Twelve straight victories and no
defeats is the record of the rifle
team in matches so far this season.
This was revealed yesterday when
final compilation of last week's
shooting found the Stanford group
with better scores than Cincinnati,
Oregon State, Idaho, Kansas State,
and Missouri.
The local squad won by large
margins in most of these encoun
ters, the one exception being with
Cincinnati. This was a three-posi
tion shoot, with the Cardinals win
ning 1372-1364.
With still another day of firing
left, a new high mark of 1884 has
already been registered this week,
and there is a strong probability
that this total will hi- increased
Twelve straight victories and no
defeats is the record of the rifle
team in matches so far this season.
This was revealed yesterday when
final compilation of last week's
shooting found the Stanford group
with better scores than Cincinnati,
Oregon State, Idaho, Kansas State,
and Missouri.
The local squad won by large
margins in most of these encoun
ters, the one exception being with
Cincinnati. This was a three-posi
tion shoot, with the Cardinals win
ning 1372-1364.
With still another day of firing
left, a new high mark of 1884 has
already been registered this week,
and there is a strong probability
that this total will hi- increased
Twelve straight victories and no
defeats is the record of the rifle
team in matches so far this season.
This was revealed yesterday when
final compilation of last week's
shooting found the Stanford group
with better scores than Cincinnati,
Oregon State, Idaho, Kansas State,
and Missouri.
The local squad won by large
margins in most of these encoun
ters, the one exception being with
Cincinnati. This was a three-posi
tion shoot, with the Cardinals win
ning 1372-1364.
With still another day of firing
left, a new high mark of 1884 has
already been registered this week,
and there is a strong probability
that this total will hi- increased
Twelve straight victories and no
defeats is the record of the rifle
team in matches so far this season.
This was revealed yesterday when
final compilation of last week's
shooting found the Stanford group
with better scores than Cincinnati,
Oregon State, Idaho, Kansas State,
and Missouri.
The local squad won by large
margins in most of these encoun
ters, the one exception being with
Cincinnati. This was a three-posi
tion shoot, with the Cardinals win
ning 1372-1364.
With still another day of firing
left, a new high mark of 1884 has
already been registered this week,
and there is a strong probability
that this total will hi- increased
Twelve straight victories and no
defeats is the record of the rifle
team in matches so far this season.
This was revealed yesterday when
final compilation of last week's
shooting found the Stanford group
with better scores than Cincinnati,
Oregon State, Idaho, Kansas State,
and Missouri.
The local squad won by large
margins in most of these encoun
ters, the one exception being with
Cincinnati. This was a three-posi
tion shoot, with the Cardinals win
ning 1372-1364.
With still another day of firing
left, a new high mark of 1884 has
already been registered this week,
and there is a strong probability
that this total will hi- increased
Twelve straight victories and no
defeats is the record of the rifle
team in matches so far this season.
This was revealed yesterday when
final compilation of last week's
shooting found the Stanford group
with better scores than Cincinnati,
Oregon State, Idaho, Kansas State,
and Missouri.
The local squad won by large
margins in most of these encoun
ters, the one exception being with
Cincinnati. This was a three-posi
tion shoot, with the Cardinals win
ning 1372-1364.
With still another day of firing
left, a new high mark of 1884 has
already been registered this week,
and there is a strong probability
that this total will hi- increased
Twelve straight victories and no
defeats is the record of the rifle
team in matches so far this season.
This was revealed yesterday when
final compilation of last week's
shooting found the Stanford group
with better scores than Cincinnati,
Oregon State, Idaho, Kansas State,
and Missouri.
The local squad won by large
margins in most of these encoun
ters, the one exception being with
Cincinnati. This was a three-posi
tion shoot, with the Cardinals win
ning 1372-1364.
With still another day of firing
left, a new high mark of 1884 has
already been registered this week,
and there is a strong probability
that this total will hi- increased
Twelve straight victories and no
defeats is the record of the rifle
team in matches so far this season.
This was revealed yesterday when
final compilation of last week's
shooting found the Stanford group
with better scores than Cincinnati,
Oregon State, Idaho, Kansas State,
and Missouri.
The local squad won by large
margins in most of these encoun
ters, the one exception being with
Cincinnati. This was a three-posi
tion shoot, with the Cardinals win
ning 1372-1364.
With still another day of firing
left, a new high mark of 1884 has
already been registered this week,
and there is a strong probability
that this total will hi- increased
Twelve straight victories and no
defeats is the record of the rifle
team in matches so far this season.
This was revealed yesterday when
final compilation of last week's
shooting found the Stanford group
with better scores than Cincinnati,
Oregon State, Idaho, Kansas State,
and Missouri.
The local squad won by large
margins in most of these encoun
ters, the one exception being with
Cincinnati. This was a three-posi
tion shoot, with the Cardinals win
ning 1372-1364.
With still another day of firing
left, a new high mark of 1884 has
already been registered this week,
and there is a strong probability
that this total will hi- increased
Twelve straight victories and no
defeats is the record of the rifle
team in matches so far this season.
This was revealed yesterday when
final compilation of last week's
shooting found the Stanford group
with better scores than Cincinnati,
Oregon State, Idaho, Kansas State,
and Missouri.
The local squad won by large
margins in most of these encoun
ters, the one exception being with
Cincinnati. This was a three-posi
tion shoot, with the Cardinals win
ning 1372-1364.
With still another day of firing
left, a new high mark of 1884 has
already been registered this week,
and there is a strong probability
that this total will hi- increased
