# Other Conference Meetings
## 
### 
The Civil Rights conference
will continue today with various
speeches, panel discussions, films,
and seminars.
A film from SNCC, entitled
"We'll Never Turn Back" will be
shown at 9:00 and 9:30 in the
film room on the second floor of
Trcsidder Union. Following the
film, various seminars will be
held from 10-11 a.m. on the gen
eral topic of "Practical Aspects
of the Civ il Rights Movement."
SPKAKKKS at these seminars
will include Ira Sandpcrl, a lead

ing Bay Area pacifisl who is ac
live in the Peace Movement and
in numerous non-violent demon
strations and sit-ins, and Roy
Kepler, who participated in pie-
CORE student sit-ins and in the
incipient activities of CORK din
ing the 1940's.
Other speakers are John
Howard, ;i sociology student ac
live in local civil rights projects,
Ed Vickery, who recently re
turned from Louisiana where he
spent eight months from July ol
1963 to March of 1964 participat
ing in voter registration and
direct action projects, Mike Mil
ler, head of Bay Area Friends of
SNCC, Judy Wallborn, Stanford
student who worked in the South
last summer, and the four SNCC
workers. Also speaking are con
ference speakers Prof. Richard
Wasserstrom and Bob Moses.
Richard Wasserstrom taught al
Stanford until 1963 and worked
for the Justice Department in the
South for six months. He is now
the Dean of Arts and Sciences at
Tuskeegee.
ROBERT MOSES, who received
his M.A. degree in philosophy
from Harvard University decided
in 1961 to work for SNCC. He
has spent most of the time in
Mississippi. Among other things,
he was campaign manager for
ihe "Aaron Henry for Governor"
campaign in Mississippi and is
working as director of its Voter
Registration Project in Missis
sippi.
Prof. Wasserstrom will speak
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium this
afternoon at 1:45. After his
speech, seminars will be held
from 4-5:30 on the topic, "The
Scholars' View." At 7:30 Robert
Moses will speak in Cubberley
Auditorium.
From 9:00-10:30 there will be
seminars on ihe topic "Activist
! Committment: Seminars for In
volvement." Speakers will be Bob
Moses, Mike Miller, the four
SNCC workers, and Stanford
students Hugh Smith, Dennis
Sweeney, Fred Golf, and J u d y
Wallborn, all of whom have
worked in Mississippi on Civil
Rights projects. The seminars
will be followed at 10:45 by en
tertainment which will be an
nounced.
The Civil Rights conference
will continue today with various
speeches, panel discussions, films,
and seminars.
A film from SNCC, entitled
"We'll Never Turn Back" will be
shown at 9:00 and 9:30 in the
film room on the second floor of
Trcsidder Union. Following the
film, various seminars will be
held from 10-11 a.m. on the gen
eral topic of "Practical Aspects
of the Civ il Rights Movement."
SPKAKKKS at these seminars
will include Ira Sandpcrl, a lead

ing Bay Area pacifisl who is ac
live in the Peace Movement and
in numerous non-violent demon
strations and sit-ins, and Roy
Kepler, who participated in pie-
CORE student sit-ins and in the
incipient activities of CORK din
ing the 1940's.
Other speakers are John
Howard, ;i sociology student ac
live in local civil rights projects,
Ed Vickery, who recently re
turned from Louisiana where he
spent eight months from July ol
1963 to March of 1964 participat
ing in voter registration and
direct action projects, Mike Mil
ler, head of Bay Area Friends of
SNCC, Judy Wallborn, Stanford
student who worked in the South
last summer, and the four SNCC
workers. Also speaking are con
ference speakers Prof. Richard
Wasserstrom and Bob Moses.
Richard Wasserstrom taught al
Stanford until 1963 and worked
for the Justice Department in the
South for six months. He is now
the Dean of Arts and Sciences at
Tuskeegee.
ROBERT MOSES, who received
his M.A. degree in philosophy
from Harvard University decided
in 1961 to work for SNCC. He
has spent most of the time in
Mississippi. Among other things,
he was campaign manager for
ihe "Aaron Henry for Governor"
campaign in Mississippi and is
working as director of its Voter
Registration Project in Missis
sippi.
Prof. Wasserstrom will speak
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium this
afternoon at 1:45. After his
speech, seminars will be held
from 4-5:30 on the topic, "The
Scholars' View." At 7:30 Robert
Moses will speak in Cubberley
Auditorium.
From 9:00-10:30 there will be
seminars on ihe topic "Activist
! Committment: Seminars for In
volvement." Speakers will be Bob
Moses, Mike Miller, the four
SNCC workers, and Stanford
students Hugh Smith, Dennis
Sweeney, Fred Golf, and J u d y
Wallborn, all of whom have
worked in Mississippi on Civil
Rights projects. The seminars
will be followed at 10:45 by en
tertainment which will be an
nounced.
The Civil Rights conference
will continue today with various
speeches, panel discussions, films,
and seminars.
A film from SNCC, entitled
"We'll Never Turn Back" will be
shown at 9:00 and 9:30 in the
film room on the second floor of
Trcsidder Union. Following the
film, various seminars will be
held from 10-11 a.m. on the gen
eral topic of "Practical Aspects
of the Civ il Rights Movement."
SPKAKKKS at these seminars
will include Ira Sandpcrl, a lead

ing Bay Area pacifisl who is ac
live in the Peace Movement and
in numerous non-violent demon
strations and sit-ins, and Roy
Kepler, who participated in pie-
CORE student sit-ins and in the
incipient activities of CORK din
ing the 1940's.
Other speakers are John
Howard, ;i sociology student ac
live in local civil rights projects,
Ed Vickery, who recently re
turned from Louisiana where he
spent eight months from July ol
1963 to March of 1964 participat
ing in voter registration and
direct action projects, Mike Mil
ler, head of Bay Area Friends of
SNCC, Judy Wallborn, Stanford
student who worked in the South
last summer, and the four SNCC
workers. Also speaking are con
ference speakers Prof. Richard
Wasserstrom and Bob Moses.
Richard Wasserstrom taught al
Stanford until 1963 and worked
for the Justice Department in the
South for six months. He is now
the Dean of Arts and Sciences at
Tuskeegee.
ROBERT MOSES, who received
his M.A. degree in philosophy
from Harvard University decided
in 1961 to work for SNCC. He
has spent most of the time in
Mississippi. Among other things,
he was campaign manager for
ihe "Aaron Henry for Governor"
campaign in Mississippi and is
working as director of its Voter
Registration Project in Missis
sippi.
Prof. Wasserstrom will speak
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium this
afternoon at 1:45. After his
speech, seminars will be held
from 4-5:30 on the topic, "The
Scholars' View." At 7:30 Robert
Moses will speak in Cubberley
Auditorium.
From 9:00-10:30 there will be
seminars on ihe topic "Activist
! Committment: Seminars for In
volvement." Speakers will be Bob
Moses, Mike Miller, the four
SNCC workers, and Stanford
students Hugh Smith, Dennis
Sweeney, Fred Golf, and J u d y
Wallborn, all of whom have
worked in Mississippi on Civil
Rights projects. The seminars
will be followed at 10:45 by en
tertainment which will be an
nounced.
The Civil Rights conference
will continue today with various
speeches, panel discussions, films,
and seminars.
A film from SNCC, entitled
"We'll Never Turn Back" will be
shown at 9:00 and 9:30 in the
film room on the second floor of
Trcsidder Union. Following the
film, various seminars will be
held from 10-11 a.m. on the gen
eral topic of "Practical Aspects
of the Civ il Rights Movement."
SPKAKKKS at these seminars
will include Ira Sandpcrl, a lead

ing Bay Area pacifisl who is ac
live in the Peace Movement and
in numerous non-violent demon
strations and sit-ins, and Roy
Kepler, who participated in pie-
CORE student sit-ins and in the
incipient activities of CORK din
ing the 1940's.
Other speakers are John
Howard, ;i sociology student ac
live in local civil rights projects,
Ed Vickery, who recently re
turned from Louisiana where he
spent eight months from July ol
1963 to March of 1964 participat
ing in voter registration and
direct action projects, Mike Mil
ler, head of Bay Area Friends of
SNCC, Judy Wallborn, Stanford
student who worked in the South
last summer, and the four SNCC
workers. Also speaking are con
ference speakers Prof. Richard
Wasserstrom and Bob Moses.
Richard Wasserstrom taught al
Stanford until 1963 and worked
for the Justice Department in the
South for six months. He is now
the Dean of Arts and Sciences at
Tuskeegee.
ROBERT MOSES, who received
his M.A. degree in philosophy
from Harvard University decided
in 1961 to work for SNCC. He
has spent most of the time in
Mississippi. Among other things,
he was campaign manager for
ihe "Aaron Henry for Governor"
campaign in Mississippi and is
working as director of its Voter
Registration Project in Missis
sippi.
Prof. Wasserstrom will speak
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium this
afternoon at 1:45. After his
speech, seminars will be held
from 4-5:30 on the topic, "The
Scholars' View." At 7:30 Robert
Moses will speak in Cubberley
Auditorium.
From 9:00-10:30 there will be
seminars on ihe topic "Activist
! Committment: Seminars for In
volvement." Speakers will be Bob
Moses, Mike Miller, the four
SNCC workers, and Stanford
students Hugh Smith, Dennis
Sweeney, Fred Golf, and J u d y
Wallborn, all of whom have
worked in Mississippi on Civil
Rights projects. The seminars
will be followed at 10:45 by en
tertainment which will be an
nounced.
The Civil Rights conference
will continue today with various
speeches, panel discussions, films,
and seminars.
A film from SNCC, entitled
"We'll Never Turn Back" will be
shown at 9:00 and 9:30 in the
film room on the second floor of
Trcsidder Union. Following the
film, various seminars will be
held from 10-11 a.m. on the gen
eral topic of "Practical Aspects
of the Civ il Rights Movement."
SPKAKKKS at these seminars
will include Ira Sandpcrl, a lead

ing Bay Area pacifisl who is ac
live in the Peace Movement and
in numerous non-violent demon
strations and sit-ins, and Roy
Kepler, who participated in pie-
CORE student sit-ins and in the
incipient activities of CORK din
ing the 1940's.
Other speakers are John
Howard, ;i sociology student ac
live in local civil rights projects,
Ed Vickery, who recently re
turned from Louisiana where he
spent eight months from July ol
1963 to March of 1964 participat
ing in voter registration and
direct action projects, Mike Mil
ler, head of Bay Area Friends of
SNCC, Judy Wallborn, Stanford
student who worked in the South
last summer, and the four SNCC
workers. Also speaking are con
ference speakers Prof. Richard
Wasserstrom and Bob Moses.
Richard Wasserstrom taught al
Stanford until 1963 and worked
for the Justice Department in the
South for six months. He is now
the Dean of Arts and Sciences at
Tuskeegee.
ROBERT MOSES, who received
his M.A. degree in philosophy
from Harvard University decided
in 1961 to work for SNCC. He
has spent most of the time in
Mississippi. Among other things,
he was campaign manager for
ihe "Aaron Henry for Governor"
campaign in Mississippi and is
working as director of its Voter
Registration Project in Missis
sippi.
Prof. Wasserstrom will speak
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium this
afternoon at 1:45. After his
speech, seminars will be held
from 4-5:30 on the topic, "The
Scholars' View." At 7:30 Robert
Moses will speak in Cubberley
Auditorium.
From 9:00-10:30 there will be
seminars on ihe topic "Activist
! Committment: Seminars for In
volvement." Speakers will be Bob
Moses, Mike Miller, the four
SNCC workers, and Stanford
students Hugh Smith, Dennis
Sweeney, Fred Golf, and J u d y
Wallborn, all of whom have
worked in Mississippi on Civil
Rights projects. The seminars
will be followed at 10:45 by en
tertainment which will be an
nounced.
The Civil Rights conference
will continue today with various
speeches, panel discussions, films,
and seminars.
A film from SNCC, entitled
"We'll Never Turn Back" will be
shown at 9:00 and 9:30 in the
film room on the second floor of
Trcsidder Union. Following the
film, various seminars will be
held from 10-11 a.m. on the gen
eral topic of "Practical Aspects
of the Civ il Rights Movement."
SPKAKKKS at these seminars
will include Ira Sandpcrl, a lead

ing Bay Area pacifisl who is ac
live in the Peace Movement and
in numerous non-violent demon
strations and sit-ins, and Roy
Kepler, who participated in pie-
CORE student sit-ins and in the
incipient activities of CORK din
ing the 1940's.
Other speakers are John
Howard, ;i sociology student ac
live in local civil rights projects,
Ed Vickery, who recently re
turned from Louisiana where he
spent eight months from July ol
1963 to March of 1964 participat
ing in voter registration and
direct action projects, Mike Mil
ler, head of Bay Area Friends of
SNCC, Judy Wallborn, Stanford
student who worked in the South
last summer, and the four SNCC
workers. Also speaking are con
ference speakers Prof. Richard
Wasserstrom and Bob Moses.
Richard Wasserstrom taught al
Stanford until 1963 and worked
for the Justice Department in the
South for six months. He is now
the Dean of Arts and Sciences at
Tuskeegee.
ROBERT MOSES, who received
his M.A. degree in philosophy
from Harvard University decided
in 1961 to work for SNCC. He
has spent most of the time in
Mississippi. Among other things,
he was campaign manager for
ihe "Aaron Henry for Governor"
campaign in Mississippi and is
working as director of its Voter
Registration Project in Missis
sippi.
Prof. Wasserstrom will speak
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium this
afternoon at 1:45. After his
speech, seminars will be held
from 4-5:30 on the topic, "The
Scholars' View." At 7:30 Robert
Moses will speak in Cubberley
Auditorium.
From 9:00-10:30 there will be
seminars on ihe topic "Activist
! Committment: Seminars for In
volvement." Speakers will be Bob
Moses, Mike Miller, the four
SNCC workers, and Stanford
students Hugh Smith, Dennis
Sweeney, Fred Golf, and J u d y
Wallborn, all of whom have
worked in Mississippi on Civil
Rights projects. The seminars
will be followed at 10:45 by en
tertainment which will be an
nounced.
The Civil Rights conference
will continue today with various
speeches, panel discussions, films,
and seminars.
A film from SNCC, entitled
"We'll Never Turn Back" will be
shown at 9:00 and 9:30 in the
film room on the second floor of
Trcsidder Union. Following the
film, various seminars will be
held from 10-11 a.m. on the gen
eral topic of "Practical Aspects
of the Civ il Rights Movement."
SPKAKKKS at these seminars
will include Ira Sandpcrl, a lead

ing Bay Area pacifisl who is ac
live in the Peace Movement and
in numerous non-violent demon
strations and sit-ins, and Roy
Kepler, who participated in pie-
CORE student sit-ins and in the
incipient activities of CORK din
ing the 1940's.
Other speakers are John
Howard, ;i sociology student ac
live in local civil rights projects,
Ed Vickery, who recently re
turned from Louisiana where he
spent eight months from July ol
1963 to March of 1964 participat
ing in voter registration and
direct action projects, Mike Mil
ler, head of Bay Area Friends of
SNCC, Judy Wallborn, Stanford
student who worked in the South
last summer, and the four SNCC
workers. Also speaking are con
ference speakers Prof. Richard
Wasserstrom and Bob Moses.
Richard Wasserstrom taught al
Stanford until 1963 and worked
for the Justice Department in the
South for six months. He is now
the Dean of Arts and Sciences at
Tuskeegee.
ROBERT MOSES, who received
his M.A. degree in philosophy
from Harvard University decided
in 1961 to work for SNCC. He
has spent most of the time in
Mississippi. Among other things,
he was campaign manager for
ihe "Aaron Henry for Governor"
campaign in Mississippi and is
working as director of its Voter
Registration Project in Missis
sippi.
Prof. Wasserstrom will speak
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium this
afternoon at 1:45. After his
speech, seminars will be held
from 4-5:30 on the topic, "The
Scholars' View." At 7:30 Robert
Moses will speak in Cubberley
Auditorium.
From 9:00-10:30 there will be
seminars on ihe topic "Activist
! Committment: Seminars for In
volvement." Speakers will be Bob
Moses, Mike Miller, the four
SNCC workers, and Stanford
students Hugh Smith, Dennis
Sweeney, Fred Golf, and J u d y
Wallborn, all of whom have
worked in Mississippi on Civil
Rights projects. The seminars
will be followed at 10:45 by en
tertainment which will be an
nounced.
The Civil Rights conference
will continue today with various
speeches, panel discussions, films,
and seminars.
A film from SNCC, entitled
"We'll Never Turn Back" will be
shown at 9:00 and 9:30 in the
film room on the second floor of
Trcsidder Union. Following the
film, various seminars will be
held from 10-11 a.m. on the gen
eral topic of "Practical Aspects
of the Civ il Rights Movement."
SPKAKKKS at these seminars
will include Ira Sandpcrl, a lead

ing Bay Area pacifisl who is ac
live in the Peace Movement and
in numerous non-violent demon
strations and sit-ins, and Roy
Kepler, who participated in pie-
CORE student sit-ins and in the
incipient activities of CORK din
ing the 1940's.
Other speakers are John
Howard, ;i sociology student ac
live in local civil rights projects,
Ed Vickery, who recently re
turned from Louisiana where he
spent eight months from July ol
1963 to March of 1964 participat
ing in voter registration and
direct action projects, Mike Mil
ler, head of Bay Area Friends of
SNCC, Judy Wallborn, Stanford
student who worked in the South
last summer, and the four SNCC
workers. Also speaking are con
ference speakers Prof. Richard
Wasserstrom and Bob Moses.
Richard Wasserstrom taught al
Stanford until 1963 and worked
for the Justice Department in the
South for six months. He is now
the Dean of Arts and Sciences at
Tuskeegee.
ROBERT MOSES, who received
his M.A. degree in philosophy
from Harvard University decided
in 1961 to work for SNCC. He
has spent most of the time in
Mississippi. Among other things,
he was campaign manager for
ihe "Aaron Henry for Governor"
campaign in Mississippi and is
working as director of its Voter
Registration Project in Missis
sippi.
Prof. Wasserstrom will speak
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium this
afternoon at 1:45. After his
speech, seminars will be held
from 4-5:30 on the topic, "The
Scholars' View." At 7:30 Robert
Moses will speak in Cubberley
Auditorium.
From 9:00-10:30 there will be
seminars on ihe topic "Activist
! Committment: Seminars for In
volvement." Speakers will be Bob
Moses, Mike Miller, the four
SNCC workers, and Stanford
students Hugh Smith, Dennis
Sweeney, Fred Golf, and J u d y
Wallborn, all of whom have
worked in Mississippi on Civil
Rights projects. The seminars
will be followed at 10:45 by en
tertainment which will be an
nounced.
The Civil Rights conference
will continue today with various
speeches, panel discussions, films,
and seminars.
A film from SNCC, entitled
"We'll Never Turn Back" will be
shown at 9:00 and 9:30 in the
film room on the second floor of
Trcsidder Union. Following the
film, various seminars will be
held from 10-11 a.m. on the gen
eral topic of "Practical Aspects
of the Civ il Rights Movement."
SPKAKKKS at these seminars
will include Ira Sandpcrl, a lead

ing Bay Area pacifisl who is ac
live in the Peace Movement and
in numerous non-violent demon
strations and sit-ins, and Roy
Kepler, who participated in pie-
CORE student sit-ins and in the
incipient activities of CORK din
ing the 1940's.
Other speakers are John
Howard, ;i sociology student ac
live in local civil rights projects,
Ed Vickery, who recently re
turned from Louisiana where he
spent eight months from July ol
The Civil Rights conference
will continue today with various
speeches, panel discussions, films,
and seminars.
A film from SNCC, entitled
"We'll Never Turn Back" will be
shown at 9:00 and 9:30 in the
film room on the second floor of
Trcsidder Union. Following the
film, various seminars will be
held from 10-11 a.m. on the gen
eral topic of "Practical Aspects
of the Civ il Rights Movement."
SPKAKKKS at these seminars
will include Ira Sandpcrl, a lead

ing Bay Area pacifisl who is ac
live in the Peace Movement and
in numerous non-violent demon
strations and sit-ins, and Roy
Kepler, who participated in pie-
CORE student sit-ins and in the
incipient activities of CORK din
ing the 1940's.
Other speakers are John
Howard, ;i sociology student ac
live in local civil rights projects,
Ed Vickery, who recently re
turned from Louisiana where he
spent eight months from July ol
1963 to March of 1964 participat
ing in voter registration and
direct action projects, Mike Mil
ler, head of Bay Area Friends of
SNCC, Judy Wallborn, Stanford
student who worked in the South
last summer, and the four SNCC
workers. Also speaking are con
ference speakers Prof. Richard
Wasserstrom and Bob Moses.
Richard Wasserstrom taught al
Stanford until 1963 and worked
for the Justice Department in the
South for six months. He is now
the Dean of Arts and Sciences at
Tuskeegee.
ROBERT MOSES, who received
his M.A. degree in philosophy
from Harvard University decided
in 1961 to work for SNCC. He
has spent most of the time in
Mississippi. Among other things,
he was campaign manager for
ihe "Aaron Henry for Governor"
campaign in Mississippi and is
working as director of its Voter
Registration Project in Missis
sippi.
Prof. Wasserstrom will speak
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium this
afternoon at 1:45. After his
speech, seminars will be held
from 4-5:30 on the topic, "The
Scholars' View." At 7:30 Robert
Moses will speak in Cubberley
Auditorium.
From 9:00-10:30 there will be
seminars on ihe topic "Activist
! Committment: Seminars for In
volvement." Speakers will be Bob
Moses, Mike Miller, the four
SNCC workers, and Stanford
students Hugh Smith, Dennis
Sweeney, Fred Golf, and J u d y
Wallborn, all of whom have
worked in Mississippi on Civil
Rights projects. The seminars
will be followed at 10:45 by en
tertainment which will be an
nounced.
1963 to March of 1964 participat
ing in voter registration and
direct action projects, Mike Mil
ler, head of Bay Area Friends of
SNCC, Judy Wallborn, Stanford
student who worked in the South
last summer, and the four SNCC
workers. Also speaking are con
ference speakers Prof. Richard
Wasserstrom and Bob Moses.
Richard Wasserstrom taught al
Stanford until 1963 and worked
for the Justice Department in the
South for six months. He is now
the Dean of Arts and Sciences at
Tuskeegee.
ROBERT MOSES, who received
his M.A. degree in philosophy
from Harvard University decided
in 1961 to work for SNCC. He
has spent most of the time in
Mississippi. Among other things,
he was campaign manager for
ihe "Aaron Henry for Governor"
campaign in Mississippi and is
working as director of its Voter
Registration Project in Missis
sippi.
Prof. Wasserstrom will speak
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium this
afternoon at 1:45. After his
speech, seminars will be held
from 4-5:30 on the topic, "The
Scholars' View." At 7:30 Robert
Moses will speak in Cubberley
Auditorium.
From 9:00-10:30 there will be
seminars on ihe topic "Activist
! Committment: Seminars for In
volvement." Speakers will be Bob
Moses, Mike Miller, the four
SNCC workers, and Stanford
students Hugh Smith, Dennis
Sweeney, Fred Golf, and J u d y
Wallborn, all of whom have
worked in Mississippi on Civil
Rights projects. The seminars
will be followed at 10:45 by en
tertainment which will be an
nounced.
The Civil Rights conference
will continue today with various
speeches, panel discussions, films,
and seminars.
A film from SNCC, entitled
"We'll Never Turn Back" will be
shown at 9:00 and 9:30 in the
film room on the second floor of
Trcsidder Union. Following the
film, various seminars will be
held from 10-11 a.m. on the gen
eral topic of "Practical Aspects
of the Civ il Rights Movement."
SPKAKKKS at these seminars
will include Ira Sandpcrl, a lead

ing Bay Area pacifisl who is ac
live in the Peace Movement and
in numerous non-violent demon
strations and sit-ins, and Roy
Kepler, who participated in pie-
CORE student sit-ins and in the
incipient activities of CORK din
ing the 1940's.
Other speakers are John
Howard, ;i sociology student ac
live in local civil rights projects,
Ed Vickery, who recently re
turned from Louisiana where he
spent eight months from July ol
1963 to March of 1964 participat
ing in voter registration and
direct action projects, Mike Mil
ler, head of Bay Area Friends of
SNCC, Judy Wallborn, Stanford
student who worked in the South
last summer, and the four SNCC
workers. Also speaking are con
ference speakers Prof. Richard
Wasserstrom and Bob Moses.
Richard Wasserstrom taught al
Stanford until 1963 and worked
for the Justice Department in the
South for six months. He is now
the Dean of Arts and Sciences at
Tuskeegee.
ROBERT MOSES, who received
his M.A. degree in philosophy
from Harvard University decided
in 1961 to work for SNCC. He
has spent most of the time in
Mississippi. Among other things,
he was campaign manager for
ihe "Aaron Henry for Governor"
campaign in Mississippi and is
working as director of its Voter
Registration Project in Missis
sippi.
Prof. Wasserstrom will speak
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium this
afternoon at 1:45. After his
speech, seminars will be held
from 4-5:30 on the topic, "The
Scholars' View." At 7:30 Robert
Moses will speak in Cubberley
Auditorium.
From 9:00-10:30 there will be
seminars on ihe topic "Activist
! Committment: Seminars for In
volvement." Speakers will be Bob
Moses, Mike Miller, the four
SNCC workers, and Stanford
students Hugh Smith, Dennis
Sweeney, Fred Golf, and J u d y
Wallborn, all of whom have
worked in Mississippi on Civil
Rights projects. The seminars
will be followed at 10:45 by en
tertainment which will be an
nounced.
The Civil Rights conference
will continue today with various
speeches, panel discussions, films,
and seminars.
A film from SNCC, entitled
"We'll Never Turn Back" will be
shown at 9:00 and 9:30 in the
film room on the second floor of
Trcsidder Union. Following the
film, various seminars will be
held from 10-11 a.m. on the gen
eral topic of "Practical Aspects
of the Civ il Rights Movement."
SPKAKKKS at these seminars
will include Ira Sandpcrl, a lead

ing Bay Area pacifisl who is ac
live in the Peace Movement and
in numerous non-violent demon
strations and sit-ins, and Roy
Kepler, who participated in pie-
CORE student sit-ins and in the
incipient activities of CORK din
ing the 1940's.
Other speakers are John
Howard, ;i sociology student ac
live in local civil rights projects,
Ed Vickery, who recently re
turned from Louisiana where he
spent eight months from July ol
1963 to March of 1964 participat
ing in voter registration and
direct action projects, Mike Mil
ler, head of Bay Area Friends of
SNCC, Judy Wallborn, Stanford
student who worked in the South
last summer, and the four SNCC
workers. Also speaking are con
ference speakers Prof. Richard
Wasserstrom and Bob Moses.
Richard Wasserstrom taught al
Stanford until 1963 and worked
for the Justice Department in the
South for six months. He is now
the Dean of Arts and Sciences at
Tuskeegee.
ROBERT MOSES, who received
his M.A. degree in philosophy
from Harvard University decided
in 1961 to work for SNCC. He
has spent most of the time in
Mississippi. Among other things,
he was campaign manager for
ihe "Aaron Henry for Governor"
campaign in Mississippi and is
working as director of its Voter
Registration Project in Missis
sippi.
Prof. Wasserstrom will speak
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium this
afternoon at 1:45. After his
speech, seminars will be held
from 4-5:30 on the topic, "The
Scholars' View." At 7:30 Robert
Moses will speak in Cubberley
Auditorium.
From 9:00-10:30 there will be
seminars on ihe topic "Activist
! Committment: Seminars for In
volvement." Speakers will be Bob
Moses, Mike Miller, the four
SNCC workers, and Stanford
students Hugh Smith, Dennis
Sweeney, Fred Golf, and J u d y
Wallborn, all of whom have
worked in Mississippi on Civil
Rights projects. The seminars
will be followed at 10:45 by en
tertainment which will be an
nounced.
The Civil Rights conference
will continue today with various
speeches, panel discussions, films,
and seminars.
A film from SNCC, entitled
"We'll Never Turn Back" will be
shown at 9:00 and 9:30 in the
film room on the second floor of
Trcsidder Union. Following the
film, various seminars will be
held from 10-11 a.m. on the gen
eral topic of "Practical Aspects
of the Civ il Rights Movement."
SPKAKKKS at these seminars
will include Ira Sandpcrl, a lead

ing Bay Area pacifisl who is ac
live in the Peace Movement and
in numerous non-violent demon
strations and sit-ins, and Roy
Kepler, who participated in pie-
CORE student sit-ins and in the
incipient activities of CORK din
ing the 1940's.
Other speakers are John
Howard, ;i sociology student ac
live in local civil rights projects,
Ed Vickery, who recently re
turned from Louisiana where he
spent eight months from July ol
1963 to March of 1964 participat
ing in voter registration and
direct action projects, Mike Mil
ler, head of Bay Area Friends of
SNCC, Judy Wallborn, Stanford
student who worked in the South
last summer, and the four SNCC
workers. Also speaking are con
ference speakers Prof. Richard
Wasserstrom and Bob Moses.
Richard Wasserstrom taught al
Stanford until 1963 and worked
for the Justice Department in the
South for six months. He is now
the Dean of Arts and Sciences at
Tuskeegee.
ROBERT MOSES, who received
his M.A. degree in philosophy
from Harvard University decided
in 1961 to work for SNCC. He
has spent most of the time in
Mississippi. Among other things,
he was campaign manager for
ihe "Aaron Henry for Governor"
campaign in Mississippi and is
working as director of its Voter
Registration Project in Missis
sippi.
Prof. Wasserstrom will speak
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium this
afternoon at 1:45. After his
speech, seminars will be held
from 4-5:30 on the topic, "The
Scholars' View." At 7:30 Robert
Moses will speak in Cubberley
Auditorium.
From 9:00-10:30 there will be
seminars on ihe topic "Activist
! Committment: Seminars for In
volvement." Speakers will be Bob
Moses, Mike Miller, the four
SNCC workers, and Stanford
students Hugh Smith, Dennis
Sweeney, Fred Golf, and J u d y
Wallborn, all of whom have
worked in Mississippi on Civil
Rights projects. The seminars
will be followed at 10:45 by en
tertainment which will be an
nounced.
The Civil Rights conference
will continue today with various
speeches, panel discussions, films,
and seminars.
A film from SNCC, entitled
"We'll Never Turn Back" will be
shown at 9:00 and 9:30 in the
film room on the second floor of
Trcsidder Union. Following the
film, various seminars will be
held from 10-11 a.m. on the gen
eral topic of "Practical Aspects
of the Civ il Rights Movement."
SPKAKKKS at these seminars
will include Ira Sandpcrl, a lead

ing Bay Area pacifisl who is ac
live in the Peace Movement and
in numerous non-violent demon
strations and sit-ins, and Roy
Kepler, who participated in pie-
CORE student sit-ins and in the
incipient activities of CORK din
ing the 1940's.
Other speakers are John
Howard, ;i sociology student ac
live in local civil rights projects,
Ed Vickery, who recently re
turned from Louisiana where he
spent eight months from July ol
1963 to March of 1964 participat
ing in voter registration and
direct action projects, Mike Mil
ler, head of Bay Area Friends of
SNCC, Judy Wallborn, Stanford
student who worked in the South
last summer, and the four SNCC
workers. Also speaking are con
ference speakers Prof. Richard
Wasserstrom and Bob Moses.
Richard Wasserstrom taught al
Stanford until 1963 and worked
for the Justice Department in the
South for six months. He is now
the Dean of Arts and Sciences at
Tuskeegee.
ROBERT MOSES, who received
his M.A. degree in philosophy
from Harvard University decided
in 1961 to work for SNCC. He
has spent most of the time in
Mississippi. Among other things,
he was campaign manager for
ihe "Aaron Henry for Governor"
campaign in Mississippi and is
working as director of its Voter
Registration Project in Missis
sippi.
Prof. Wasserstrom will speak
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium this
afternoon at 1:45. After his
speech, seminars will be held
from 4-5:30 on the topic, "The
Scholars' View." At 7:30 Robert
Moses will speak in Cubberley
Auditorium.
From 9:00-10:30 there will be
seminars on ihe topic "Activist
! Committment: Seminars for In
volvement." Speakers will be Bob
Moses, Mike Miller, the four
SNCC workers, and Stanford
students Hugh Smith, Dennis
Sweeney, Fred Golf, and J u d y
Wallborn, all of whom have
worked in Mississippi on Civil
Rights projects. The seminars
will be followed at 10:45 by en
tertainment which will be an
nounced.
The Civil Rights conference
will continue today with various
speeches, panel discussions, films,
and seminars.
A film from SNCC, entitled
"We'll Never Turn Back" will be
shown at 9:00 and 9:30 in the
film room on the second floor of
Trcsidder Union. Following the
film, various seminars will be
held from 10-11 a.m. on the gen
eral topic of "Practical Aspects
of the Civ il Rights Movement."
SPKAKKKS at these seminars
will include Ira Sandpcrl, a lead

ing Bay Area pacifisl who is ac
live in the Peace Movement and
in numerous non-violent demon
strations and sit-ins, and Roy
Kepler, who participated in pie-
CORE student sit-ins and in the
incipient activities of CORK din
ing the 1940's.
Other speakers are John
Howard, ;i sociology student ac
live in local civil rights projects,
Ed Vickery, who recently re
turned from Louisiana where he
spent eight months from July ol
1963 to March of 1964 participat
ing in voter registration and
direct action projects, Mike Mil
ler, head of Bay Area Friends of
SNCC, Judy Wallborn, Stanford
student who worked in the South
last summer, and the four SNCC
workers. Also speaking are con
ference speakers Prof. Richard
Wasserstrom and Bob Moses.
Richard Wasserstrom taught al
Stanford until 1963 and worked
for the Justice Department in the
South for six months. He is now
the Dean of Arts and Sciences at
Tuskeegee.
ROBERT MOSES, who received
his M.A. degree in philosophy
from Harvard University decided
in 1961 to work for SNCC. He
has spent most of the time in
Mississippi. Among other things,
he was campaign manager for
ihe "Aaron Henry for Governor"
campaign in Mississippi and is
working as director of its Voter
Registration Project in Missis
sippi.
Prof. Wasserstrom will speak
in Dinkelspiel Auditorium this
afternoon at 1:45. After his
speech, seminars will be held
from 4-5:30 on the topic, "The
Scholars' View." At 7:30 Robert
Moses will speak in Cubberley
Auditorium.
From 9:00-10:30 there will be
seminars on ihe topic "Activist
! Committment: Seminars for In
volvement." Speakers will be Bob
Moses, Mike Miller, the four
SNCC workers, and Stanford
students Hugh Smith, Dennis
Sweeney, Fred Golf, and J u d y
Wallborn, all of whom have
worked in Mississippi on Civil
Rights projects. The seminars
will be followed at 10:45 by en
tertainment which will be an
nounced.
