# Credit Transfer
## 
### 
Monday is the last day that
students who have attended
college elsewhere or taken
courses while in the service
may petition for evaluation of
credit, according to the Regis
trar, Harvey Hall.
Forms are available at the
information desk, Room 111-A
Monday is the last day that
students who have attended
college elsewhere or taken
courses while in the service
may petition for evaluation of
credit, according to the Regis
trar, Harvey Hall.
Forms are available at the
information desk, Room 111-A
Monday is the last day that
students who have attended
college elsewhere or taken
courses while in the service
may petition for evaluation of
credit, according to the Regis
trar, Harvey Hall.
Forms are available at the
information desk, Room 111-A
Monday is the last day that
students who have attended
college elsewhere or taken
courses while in the service
may petition for evaluation of
credit, according to the Regis
trar, Harvey Hall.
Forms are available at the
information desk, Room 111-A
Monday is the last day that
students who have attended
college elsewhere or taken
courses while in the service
may petition for evaluation of
credit, according to the Regis
trar, Harvey Hall.
Forms are available at the
information desk, Room 111-A
Monday is the last day that
students who have attended
college elsewhere or taken
courses while in the service
may petition for evaluation of
credit, according to the Regis
trar, Harvey Hall.
Forms are available at the
information desk, Room 111-A
Monday is the last day that
students who have attended
college elsewhere or taken
courses while in the service
may petition for evaluation of
credit, according to the Regis
trar, Harvey Hall.
Forms are available at the
information desk, Room 111-A
Monday is the last day that
students who have attended
college elsewhere or taken
courses while in the service
may petition for evaluation of
credit, according to the Regis
trar, Harvey Hall.
Forms are available at the
information desk, Room 111-A
Monday is the last day that
students who have attended
college elsewhere or taken
courses while in the service
may petition for evaluation of
credit, according to the Regis
trar, Harvey Hall.
Forms are available at the
information desk, Room 111-A
Monday is the last day that
students who have attended
college elsewhere or taken
courses while in the service
may petition for evaluation of
credit, according to the Regis
trar, Harvey Hall.
Forms are available at the
information desk, Room 111-A
Monday is the last day that
students who have attended
college elsewhere or taken
courses while in the service
may petition for evaluation of
credit, according to the Regis
trar, Harvey Hall.
Forms are available at the
information desk, Room 111-A
Monday is the last day that
students who have attended
college elsewhere or taken
courses while in the service
may petition for evaluation of
credit, according to the Regis
trar, Harvey Hall.
Forms are available at the
information desk, Room 111-A
Monday is the last day that
students who have attended
college elsewhere or taken
courses while in the service
may petition for evaluation of
credit, according to the Regis
trar, Harvey Hall.
Forms are available at the
information desk, Room 111-A
Monday is the last day that
students who have attended
college elsewhere or taken
courses while in the service
may petition for evaluation of
credit, according to the Regis
trar, Harvey Hall.
Forms are available at the
information desk, Room 111-A
Monday is the last day that
students who have attended
college elsewhere or taken
courses while in the service
may petition for evaluation of
credit, according to the Regis
trar, Harvey Hall.
Forms are available at the
information desk, Room 111-A
