# Festival Tickets On Sale Monday
## 
### 
Tickets gp on public sale Mon
day for Stanford's Shakespeare
Summer Festival, scheduled for
June 23-August 9.
The main Festival box office is
located at Memorial Auditorium.
Season tickets and those for in
dividual performances will be on
sale.
Season tickets include the eight
full-scale productions planned for
the Festival and a concert by
famed British counter-tenor Al
fred Deller.
Tickets gp on public sale Mon
day for Stanford's Shakespeare
Summer Festival, scheduled for
June 23-August 9.
The main Festival box office is
located at Memorial Auditorium.
Season tickets and those for in
dividual performances will be on
sale.
Season tickets include the eight
full-scale productions planned for
the Festival and a concert by
famed British counter-tenor Al
fred Deller.
Tickets gp on public sale Mon
day for Stanford's Shakespeare
Summer Festival, scheduled for
June 23-August 9.
The main Festival box office is
located at Memorial Auditorium.
Season tickets and those for in
dividual performances will be on
sale.
Season tickets include the eight
full-scale productions planned for
the Festival and a concert by
famed British counter-tenor Al
fred Deller.
Tickets gp on public sale Mon
day for Stanford's Shakespeare
Summer Festival, scheduled for
June 23-August 9.
The main Festival box office is
located at Memorial Auditorium.
Season tickets and those for in
dividual performances will be on
sale.
Season tickets include the eight
full-scale productions planned for
the Festival and a concert by
famed British counter-tenor Al
fred Deller.
Tickets gp on public sale Mon
day for Stanford's Shakespeare
Summer Festival, scheduled for
June 23-August 9.
The main Festival box office is
located at Memorial Auditorium.
Season tickets and those for in
dividual performances will be on
sale.
Season tickets include the eight
full-scale productions planned for
the Festival and a concert by
famed British counter-tenor Al
fred Deller.
Tickets gp on public sale Mon
day for Stanford's Shakespeare
Summer Festival, scheduled for
June 23-August 9.
The main Festival box office is
located at Memorial Auditorium.
Season tickets and those for in
dividual performances will be on
sale.
Season tickets include the eight
full-scale productions planned for
the Festival and a concert by
famed British counter-tenor Al
fred Deller.
Tickets gp on public sale Mon
day for Stanford's Shakespeare
Summer Festival, scheduled for
June 23-August 9.
The main Festival box office is
located at Memorial Auditorium.
Season tickets and those for in
dividual performances will be on
sale.
Season tickets include the eight
full-scale productions planned for
the Festival and a concert by
famed British counter-tenor Al
fred Deller.
Tickets gp on public sale Mon
day for Stanford's Shakespeare
Summer Festival, scheduled for
June 23-August 9.
The main Festival box office is
located at Memorial Auditorium.
Season tickets and those for in
dividual performances will be on
sale.
Season tickets include the eight
full-scale productions planned for
the Festival and a concert by
famed British counter-tenor Al
fred Deller.
Tickets gp on public sale Mon
day for Stanford's Shakespeare
Summer Festival, scheduled for
June 23-August 9.
The main Festival box office is
located at Memorial Auditorium.
Season tickets and those for in
dividual performances will be on
sale.
Season tickets include the eight
full-scale productions planned for
the Festival and a concert by
famed British counter-tenor Al
fred Deller.
Tickets gp on public sale Mon
day for Stanford's Shakespeare
Summer Festival, scheduled for
June 23-August 9.
The main Festival box office is
located at Memorial Auditorium.
Season tickets and those for in
dividual performances will be on
sale.
Season tickets include the eight
full-scale productions planned for
the Festival and a concert by
famed British counter-tenor Al
fred Deller.
Tickets gp on public sale Mon
day for Stanford's Shakespeare
Summer Festival, scheduled for
June 23-August 9.
The main Festival box office is
located at Memorial Auditorium.
Season tickets and those for in
dividual performances will be on
sale.
Season tickets include the eight
full-scale productions planned for
the Festival and a concert by
famed British counter-tenor Al
fred Deller.
Tickets gp on public sale Mon
day for Stanford's Shakespeare
Summer Festival, scheduled for
June 23-August 9.
The main Festival box office is
located at Memorial Auditorium.
Season tickets and those for in
dividual performances will be on
sale.
Season tickets include the eight
full-scale productions planned for
the Festival and a concert by
famed British counter-tenor Al
fred Deller.
Tickets gp on public sale Mon
day for Stanford's Shakespeare
Summer Festival, scheduled for
June 23-August 9.
The main Festival box office is
located at Memorial Auditorium.
Season tickets and those for in
dividual performances will be on
sale.
Season tickets include the eight
full-scale productions planned for
the Festival and a concert by
famed British counter-tenor Al
fred Deller.
Tickets gp on public sale Mon
day for Stanford's Shakespeare
Summer Festival, scheduled for
June 23-August 9.
The main Festival box office is
located at Memorial Auditorium.
Season tickets and those for in
dividual performances will be on
sale.
Season tickets include the eight
full-scale productions planned for
the Festival and a concert by
famed British counter-tenor Al
fred Deller.
Tickets gp on public sale Mon
day for Stanford's Shakespeare
Summer Festival, scheduled for
June 23-August 9.
The main Festival box office is
located at Memorial Auditorium.
Season tickets and those for in
dividual performances will be on
sale.
Season tickets include the eight
full-scale productions planned for
the Festival and a concert by
famed British counter-tenor Al
fred Deller.
