# Stanford Professors Honored.
## 
### 
The sixth annual meeting of the
Philological Association of the Pa
cific Coast was held in San Fran
cisco during the final week of De
cember, papers being road by the
several members of the Stanford
faculty who belong to the organi
zation. Officers for the ensuing
year were elected, as follows:
President, Dr. Julius Goebel, Stan
ford Univerity; first vice-president,
Professor E. B. Clapp, University
of California; second vice-presi
dent, Professor H. R. Fairclough,
Stanford University ; secretary
treasurer, Professor L. .T. Richard
son, University of California; ex
ecutive committee, all the above,
ex-officio, and Professor Church,
University of Nevada; Professor
Schilling, University of California,
and Dr. Matzke, Stanford Univer
sity.
