# Pictures Available
## 
### 
Candidates in last autumn
quarter's elections may pick up
their campaign pictures at the
ASSU office this weekend.
Candidates in last autumn
quarter's elections may pick up
their campaign pictures at the
ASSU office this weekend.
Candidates in last autumn
quarter's elections may pick up
their campaign pictures at the
ASSU office this weekend.
Candidates in last autumn
quarter's elections may pick up
their campaign pictures at the
ASSU office this weekend.
Candidates in last autumn
quarter's elections may pick up
their campaign pictures at the
ASSU office this weekend.
Candidates in last autumn
quarter's elections may pick up
their campaign pictures at the
ASSU office this weekend.
Candidates in last autumn
quarter's elections may pick up
their campaign pictures at the
ASSU office this weekend.
Candidates in last autumn
quarter's elections may pick up
their campaign pictures at the
ASSU office this weekend.
Candidates in last autumn
quarter's elections may pick up
their campaign pictures at the
ASSU office this weekend.
Candidates in last autumn
quarter's elections may pick up
their campaign pictures at the
ASSU office this weekend.
Candidates in last autumn
quarter's elections may pick up
their campaign pictures at the
ASSU office this weekend.
Candidates in last autumn
quarter's elections may pick up
their campaign pictures at the
ASSU office this weekend.
Candidates in last autumn
quarter's elections may pick up
their campaign pictures at the
ASSU office this weekend.
Candidates in last autumn
quarter's elections may pick up
their campaign pictures at the
ASSU office this weekend.
Candidates in last autumn
quarter's elections may pick up
their campaign pictures at the
ASSU office this weekend.
Candidates in last autumn
quarter's elections may pick up
their campaign pictures at the
ASSU office this weekend.
Candidates in last autumn
quarter's elections may pick up
their campaign pictures at the
ASSU office this weekend.
