# Film Rates Offered To Award Winner
## 
### 
Special student rates to the Af
rican color film "Freedom," now
showing at San Francisco's Geary
Theatre, will be offered at this
Saturday's and Sunday's matinees.
Student admission to the 2 p.m.
showings will be 50 cents.
The show, first-award winner in
the 1957 Lille (France) Film Fes
tival, is in its last week at San
Francisco. Evening performances,
with admission at 90 cents, are
held nightly at 7 and 9 p.m.
Special student rates to the Af
rican color film "Freedom," now
showing at San Francisco's Geary
Theatre, will be offered at this
Saturday's and Sunday's matinees.
Student admission to the 2 p.m.
showings will be 50 cents.
The show, first-award winner in
the 1957 Lille (France) Film Fes
tival, is in its last week at San
Francisco. Evening performances,
with admission at 90 cents, are
held nightly at 7 and 9 p.m.
Special student rates to the Af
rican color film "Freedom," now
showing at San Francisco's Geary
Theatre, will be offered at this
Saturday's and Sunday's matinees.
Student admission to the 2 p.m.
showings will be 50 cents.
The show, first-award winner in
the 1957 Lille (France) Film Fes
tival, is in its last week at San
Francisco. Evening performances,
with admission at 90 cents, are
held nightly at 7 and 9 p.m.
Special student rates to the Af
rican color film "Freedom," now
showing at San Francisco's Geary
Theatre, will be offered at this
Saturday's and Sunday's matinees.
Student admission to the 2 p.m.
showings will be 50 cents.
The show, first-award winner in
the 1957 Lille (France) Film Fes
tival, is in its last week at San
Francisco. Evening performances,
with admission at 90 cents, are
held nightly at 7 and 9 p.m.
Special student rates to the Af
rican color film "Freedom," now
showing at San Francisco's Geary
Theatre, will be offered at this
Saturday's and Sunday's matinees.
Student admission to the 2 p.m.
showings will be 50 cents.
The show, first-award winner in
the 1957 Lille (France) Film Fes
tival, is in its last week at San
Francisco. Evening performances,
with admission at 90 cents, are
held nightly at 7 and 9 p.m.
Special student rates to the Af
rican color film "Freedom," now
showing at San Francisco's Geary
Theatre, will be offered at this
Saturday's and Sunday's matinees.
Student admission to the 2 p.m.
showings will be 50 cents.
The show, first-award winner in
the 1957 Lille (France) Film Fes
tival, is in its last week at San
Francisco. Evening performances,
with admission at 90 cents, are
held nightly at 7 and 9 p.m.
Special student rates to the Af
rican color film "Freedom," now
showing at San Francisco's Geary
Theatre, will be offered at this
Saturday's and Sunday's matinees.
Student admission to the 2 p.m.
showings will be 50 cents.
The show, first-award winner in
the 1957 Lille (France) Film Fes
tival, is in its last week at San
Francisco. Evening performances,
with admission at 90 cents, are
held nightly at 7 and 9 p.m.
Special student rates to the Af
rican color film "Freedom," now
showing at San Francisco's Geary
Theatre, will be offered at this
Saturday's and Sunday's matinees.
Student admission to the 2 p.m.
showings will be 50 cents.
The show, first-award winner in
the 1957 Lille (France) Film Fes
tival, is in its last week at San
Francisco. Evening performances,
with admission at 90 cents, are
held nightly at 7 and 9 p.m.
Special student rates to the Af
rican color film "Freedom," now
showing at San Francisco's Geary
Theatre, will be offered at this
Saturday's and Sunday's matinees.
Student admission to the 2 p.m.
showings will be 50 cents.
The show, first-award winner in
the 1957 Lille (France) Film Fes
tival, is in its last week at San
Francisco. Evening performances,
with admission at 90 cents, are
held nightly at 7 and 9 p.m.
Special student rates to the Af
rican color film "Freedom," now
showing at San Francisco's Geary
Theatre, will be offered at this
Saturday's and Sunday's matinees.
Student admission to the 2 p.m.
showings will be 50 cents.
The show, first-award winner in
the 1957 Lille (France) Film Fes
tival, is in its last week at San
Francisco. Evening performances,
with admission at 90 cents, are
held nightly at 7 and 9 p.m.
Special student rates to the Af
rican color film "Freedom," now
showing at San Francisco's Geary
Theatre, will be offered at this
Saturday's and Sunday's matinees.
Student admission to the 2 p.m.
showings will be 50 cents.
The show, first-award winner in
the 1957 Lille (France) Film Fes
tival, is in its last week at San
Francisco. Evening performances,
with admission at 90 cents, are
held nightly at 7 and 9 p.m.
Special student rates to the Af
rican color film "Freedom," now
showing at San Francisco's Geary
Theatre, will be offered at this
Saturday's and Sunday's matinees.
Student admission to the 2 p.m.
showings will be 50 cents.
The show, first-award winner in
the 1957 Lille (France) Film Fes
tival, is in its last week at San
Francisco. Evening performances,
with admission at 90 cents, are
held nightly at 7 and 9 p.m.
Special student rates to the Af
rican color film "Freedom," now
showing at San Francisco's Geary
Theatre, will be offered at this
Saturday's and Sunday's matinees.
Student admission to the 2 p.m.
showings will be 50 cents.
The show, first-award winner in
the 1957 Lille (France) Film Fes
tival, is in its last week at San
Francisco. Evening performances,
with admission at 90 cents, are
held nightly at 7 and 9 p.m.
Special student rates to the Af
rican color film "Freedom," now
showing at San Francisco's Geary
Theatre, will be offered at this
Saturday's and Sunday's matinees.
Student admission to the 2 p.m.
showings will be 50 cents.
The show, first-award winner in
the 1957 Lille (France) Film Fes
tival, is in its last week at San
Francisco. Evening performances,
with admission at 90 cents, are
held nightly at 7 and 9 p.m.
Special student rates to the Af
rican color film "Freedom," now
showing at San Francisco's Geary
Theatre, will be offered at this
Saturday's and Sunday's matinees.
Student admission to the 2 p.m.
showings will be 50 cents.
The show, first-award winner in
the 1957 Lille (France) Film Fes
tival, is in its last week at San
Francisco. Evening performances,
with admission at 90 cents, are
held nightly at 7 and 9 p.m.
Special student rates to the Af
rican color film "Freedom," now
showing at San Francisco's Geary
Theatre, will be offered at this
Saturday's and Sunday's matinees.
Student admission to the 2 p.m.
showings will be 50 cents.
The show, first-award winner in
the 1957 Lille (France) Film Fes
tival, is in its last week at San
Francisco. Evening performances,
with admission at 90 cents, are
held nightly at 7 and 9 p.m.
Special student rates to the Af
rican color film "Freedom," now
showing at San Francisco's Geary
Theatre, will be offered at this
Saturday's and Sunday's matinees.
Student admission to the 2 p.m.
showings will be 50 cents.
The show, first-award winner in
the 1957 Lille (France) Film Fes
tival, is in its last week at San
Francisco. Evening performances,
with admission at 90 cents, are
held nightly at 7 and 9 p.m.
