# Women Confirm Amendments
## 
### 
Confirmation of the passing of the
amendments to the constitution was
made at the mass meeting of women
students held this noon in the Chapel.
Confirmation of the passing of the
amendments to the constitution was
made at the mass meeting of women
students held this noon in the Chapel.
Confirmation of the passing of the
amendments to the constitution was
made at the mass meeting of women
students held this noon in the Chapel.
Confirmation of the passing of the
amendments to the constitution was
made at the mass meeting of women
students held this noon in the Chapel.
Confirmation of the passing of the
amendments to the constitution was
made at the mass meeting of women
students held this noon in the Chapel.
Confirmation of the passing of the
amendments to the constitution was
made at the mass meeting of women
students held this noon in the Chapel.
Confirmation of the passing of the
amendments to the constitution was
made at the mass meeting of women
students held this noon in the Chapel.
Confirmation of the passing of the
amendments to the constitution was
made at the mass meeting of women
students held this noon in the Chapel.
Confirmation of the passing of the
amendments to the constitution was
made at the mass meeting of women
students held this noon in the Chapel.
Confirmation of the passing of the
amendments to the constitution was
made at the mass meeting of women
students held this noon in the Chapel.
Confirmation of the passing of the
amendments to the constitution was
made at the mass meeting of women
students held this noon in the Chapel.
Confirmation of the passing of the
amendments to the constitution was
made at the mass meeting of women
students held this noon in the Chapel.
