# Professor Carruth to Unveil Statue.
## 
### 
Professor Carrnth, of the English
department, will make the unveiling
address at the presentation of a
Goethe monument to the city of Chi
cago in Lincoln Park by Germans of
that city on June 13. He will be fol
lowed by Professor Kuno Francke, of
Harvard, who will speak in German.
Professor Carrnth, of the English
department, will make the unveiling
address at the presentation of a
Goethe monument to the city of Chi
cago in Lincoln Park by Germans of
that city on June 13. He will be fol
lowed by Professor Kuno Francke, of
Harvard, who will speak in German.
Professor Carrnth, of the English
department, will make the unveiling
address at the presentation of a
Goethe monument to the city of Chi
cago in Lincoln Park by Germans of
that city on June 13. He will be fol
lowed by Professor Kuno Francke, of
Harvard, who will speak in German.
Professor Carrnth, of the English
department, will make the unveiling
address at the presentation of a
Goethe monument to the city of Chi
cago in Lincoln Park by Germans of
that city on June 13. He will be fol
lowed by Professor Kuno Francke, of
Harvard, who will speak in German.
Professor Carrnth, of the English
department, will make the unveiling
address at the presentation of a
Goethe monument to the city of Chi
cago in Lincoln Park by Germans of
that city on June 13. He will be fol
lowed by Professor Kuno Francke, of
Harvard, who will speak in German.
Professor Carrnth, of the English
department, will make the unveiling
address at the presentation of a
Goethe monument to the city of Chi
cago in Lincoln Park by Germans of
that city on June 13. He will be fol
lowed by Professor Kuno Francke, of
Harvard, who will speak in German.
Professor Carrnth, of the English
department, will make the unveiling
address at the presentation of a
Goethe monument to the city of Chi
cago in Lincoln Park by Germans of
that city on June 13. He will be fol
lowed by Professor Kuno Francke, of
Harvard, who will speak in German.
Professor Carrnth, of the English
department, will make the unveiling
address at the presentation of a
Goethe monument to the city of Chi
cago in Lincoln Park by Germans of
that city on June 13. He will be fol
lowed by Professor Kuno Francke, of
Harvard, who will speak in German.
Professor Carrnth, of the English
department, will make the unveiling
address at the presentation of a
Goethe monument to the city of Chi
cago in Lincoln Park by Germans of
that city on June 13. He will be fol
lowed by Professor Kuno Francke, of
Harvard, who will speak in German.
Professor Carrnth, of the English
department, will make the unveiling
address at the presentation of a
Goethe monument to the city of Chi
cago in Lincoln Park by Germans of
that city on June 13. He will be fol
lowed by Professor Kuno Francke, of
Harvard, who will speak in German.
Professor Carrnth, of the English
department, will make the unveiling
address at the presentation of a
Goethe monument to the city of Chi
cago in Lincoln Park by Germans of
that city on June 13. He will be fol
lowed by Professor Kuno Francke, of
Harvard, who will speak in German.
Professor Carrnth, of the English
department, will make the unveiling
address at the presentation of a
Goethe monument to the city of Chi
cago in Lincoln Park by Germans of
that city on June 13. He will be fol
lowed by Professor Kuno Francke, of
Harvard, who will speak in German.
