# MORNING MARCH TAKES INFANTRY TO MAYFIELD
## Regiment Leaves for E1 Paso After Securing Ammunition at San Francisco. 
### 
The troops of the Twelfth Infantry,
which broke camp last night after re
ceiving orders from the Presidio at
San Francisco, loft the campus this
morning at about 6:45, marching to
Mayfield. Here a delay was caused
on account of the poor transporta
tion connections, and it was after f>
o'clock before the regiment left for
headquarters at San Francisco, where
a fresh supply of ammunition will lie
secured. From here they will leavo
for El Paso, Texas, some time during
the day.
A few supplies, consisting chiefly ol
loaves of bread, which were left on
the camping grounds, became the prey
of the people in the vicinity. It was
intended by the Infantry that they
should be sent to San Francisco and
given to the poor.
The troops of the Twelfth Infantry,
which broke camp last night after re
ceiving orders from the Presidio at
San Francisco, loft the campus this
morning at about 6:45, marching to
Mayfield. Here a delay was caused
on account of the poor transporta
tion connections, and it was after f>
o'clock before the regiment left for
headquarters at San Francisco, where
a fresh supply of ammunition will lie
secured. From here they will leavo
for El Paso, Texas, some time during
the day.
A few supplies, consisting chiefly ol
loaves of bread, which were left on
the camping grounds, became the prey
of the people in the vicinity. It was
intended by the Infantry that they
should be sent to San Francisco and
given to the poor.
The troops of the Twelfth Infantry,
which broke camp last night after re
ceiving orders from the Presidio at
San Francisco, loft the campus this
morning at about 6:45, marching to
Mayfield. Here a delay was caused
on account of the poor transporta
tion connections, and it was after f>
o'clock before the regiment left for
headquarters at San Francisco, where
a fresh supply of ammunition will lie
secured. From here they will leavo
for El Paso, Texas, some time during
the day.
A few supplies, consisting chiefly ol
loaves of bread, which were left on
the camping grounds, became the prey
of the people in the vicinity. It was
intended by the Infantry that they
should be sent to San Francisco and
given to the poor.
The troops of the Twelfth Infantry,
which broke camp last night after re
ceiving orders from the Presidio at
San Francisco, loft the campus this
morning at about 6:45, marching to
Mayfield. Here a delay was caused
on account of the poor transporta
tion connections, and it was after f>
o'clock before the regiment left for
headquarters at San Francisco, where
a fresh supply of ammunition will lie
secured. From here they will leavo
for El Paso, Texas, some time during
the day.
A few supplies, consisting chiefly ol
loaves of bread, which were left on
the camping grounds, became the prey
of the people in the vicinity. It was
intended by the Infantry that they
should be sent to San Francisco and
given to the poor.
The troops of the Twelfth Infantry,
which broke camp last night after re
ceiving orders from the Presidio at
San Francisco, loft the campus this
morning at about 6:45, marching to
Mayfield. Here a delay was caused
on account of the poor transporta
tion connections, and it was after f>
o'clock before the regiment left for
headquarters at San Francisco, where
a fresh supply of ammunition will lie
secured. From here they will leavo
for El Paso, Texas, some time during
the day.
A few supplies, consisting chiefly ol
loaves of bread, which were left on
the camping grounds, became the prey
of the people in the vicinity. It was
intended by the Infantry that they
should be sent to San Francisco and
given to the poor.
The troops of the Twelfth Infantry,
which broke camp last night after re
ceiving orders from the Presidio at
San Francisco, loft the campus this
morning at about 6:45, marching to
Mayfield. Here a delay was caused
on account of the poor transporta
tion connections, and it was after f>
o'clock before the regiment left for
headquarters at San Francisco, where
a fresh supply of ammunition will lie
secured. From here they will leavo
for El Paso, Texas, some time during
the day.
A few supplies, consisting chiefly ol
loaves of bread, which were left on
the camping grounds, became the prey
of the people in the vicinity. It was
intended by the Infantry that they
should be sent to San Francisco and
given to the poor.
The troops of the Twelfth Infantry,
which broke camp last night after re
ceiving orders from the Presidio at
San Francisco, loft the campus this
morning at about 6:45, marching to
Mayfield. Here a delay was caused
on account of the poor transporta
tion connections, and it was after f>
o'clock before the regiment left for
headquarters at San Francisco, where
a fresh supply of ammunition will lie
secured. From here they will leavo
for El Paso, Texas, some time during
the day.
A few supplies, consisting chiefly ol
loaves of bread, which were left on
the camping grounds, became the prey
of the people in the vicinity. It was
intended by the Infantry that they
should be sent to San Francisco and
given to the poor.
The troops of the Twelfth Infantry,
which broke camp last night after re
ceiving orders from the Presidio at
San Francisco, loft the campus this
morning at about 6:45, marching to
Mayfield. Here a delay was caused
on account of the poor transporta
tion connections, and it was after f>
o'clock before the regiment left for
headquarters at San Francisco, where
a fresh supply of ammunition will lie
secured. From here they will leavo
for El Paso, Texas, some time during
the day.
A few supplies, consisting chiefly ol
loaves of bread, which were left on
the camping grounds, became the prey
of the people in the vicinity. It was
intended by the Infantry that they
should be sent to San Francisco and
given to the poor.
The troops of the Twelfth Infantry,
which broke camp last night after re
ceiving orders from the Presidio at
San Francisco, loft the campus this
morning at about 6:45, marching to
Mayfield. Here a delay was caused
on account of the poor transporta
tion connections, and it was after f>
o'clock before the regiment left for
headquarters at San Francisco, where
a fresh supply of ammunition will lie
secured. From here they will leavo
for El Paso, Texas, some time during
the day.
A few supplies, consisting chiefly ol
loaves of bread, which were left on
the camping grounds, became the prey
of the people in the vicinity. It was
intended by the Infantry that they
should be sent to San Francisco and
given to the poor.
The troops of the Twelfth Infantry,
which broke camp last night after re
ceiving orders from the Presidio at
San Francisco, loft the campus this
morning at about 6:45, marching to
Mayfield. Here a delay was caused
on account of the poor transporta
tion connections, and it was after f>
o'clock before the regiment left for
headquarters at San Francisco, where
a fresh supply of ammunition will lie
secured. From here they will leavo
for El Paso, Texas, some time during
the day.
A few supplies, consisting chiefly ol
loaves of bread, which were left on
the camping grounds, became the prey
of the people in the vicinity. It was
intended by the Infantry that they
should be sent to San Francisco and
given to the poor.
The troops of the Twelfth Infantry,
which broke camp last night after re
ceiving orders from the Presidio at
San Francisco, loft the campus this
morning at about 6:45, marching to
Mayfield. Here a delay was caused
on account of the poor transporta
tion connections, and it was after f>
o'clock before the regiment left for
headquarters at San Francisco, where
a fresh supply of ammunition will lie
secured. From here they will leavo
for El Paso, Texas, some time during
the day.
A few supplies, consisting chiefly ol
loaves of bread, which were left on
the camping grounds, became the prey
of the people in the vicinity. It was
intended by the Infantry that they
should be sent to San Francisco and
given to the poor.
The troops of the Twelfth Infantry,
which broke camp last night after re
ceiving orders from the Presidio at
San Francisco, loft the campus this
morning at about 6:45, marching to
Mayfield. Here a delay was caused
on account of the poor transporta
tion connections, and it was after f>
o'clock before the regiment left for
headquarters at San Francisco, where
a fresh supply of ammunition will lie
secured. From here they will leavo
for El Paso, Texas, some time during
the day.
A few supplies, consisting chiefly ol
loaves of bread, which were left on
the camping grounds, became the prey
of the people in the vicinity. It was
intended by the Infantry that they
should be sent to San Francisco and
given to the poor.
