# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is to be hoped that the stu
dent body and members of the
faculty will promptly respond to
the request of the McKinley Recep
tion Committee to help in the re
ception to President McKinley by
contributing a small amount to
send the University band to Sun
Jose May 13th. Stanford is not
wanting in national patriotism, as
has been evidenced at previous
demonstrations. It is fitting that
on this occasion our University
should take an important, part in
making this hurried trip of the
President a pleasant and memor
able one. A college band would
be a unique and interesting feature,
and by aiding the Reception Com
mittee in this way everyone can
show his good will toward our
chief executive.
It is to be hoped that the stu
dent body and members of the
faculty will promptly respond to
the request of the McKinley Recep
tion Committee to help in the re
ception to President McKinley by
contributing a small amount to
send the University band to Sun
Jose May 13th. Stanford is not
wanting in national patriotism, as
has been evidenced at previous
demonstrations. It is fitting that
on this occasion our University
should take an important, part in
making this hurried trip of the
President a pleasant and memor
able one. A college band would
be a unique and interesting feature,
and by aiding the Reception Com
mittee in this way everyone can
show his good will toward our
chief executive.
It is to be hoped that the stu
dent body and members of the
faculty will promptly respond to
the request of the McKinley Recep
tion Committee to help in the re
ception to President McKinley by
contributing a small amount to
send the University band to Sun
Jose May 13th. Stanford is not
wanting in national patriotism, as
has been evidenced at previous
demonstrations. It is fitting that
on this occasion our University
should take an important, part in
making this hurried trip of the
President a pleasant and memor
able one. A college band would
be a unique and interesting feature,
and by aiding the Reception Com
mittee in this way everyone can
show his good will toward our
chief executive.
It is to be hoped that the stu
dent body and members of the
faculty will promptly respond to
the request of the McKinley Recep
tion Committee to help in the re
ception to President McKinley by
contributing a small amount to
send the University band to Sun
Jose May 13th. Stanford is not
wanting in national patriotism, as
has been evidenced at previous
demonstrations. It is fitting that
on this occasion our University
should take an important, part in
making this hurried trip of the
President a pleasant and memor
able one. A college band would
be a unique and interesting feature,
and by aiding the Reception Com
mittee in this way everyone can
show his good will toward our
chief executive.
It is to be hoped that the stu
dent body and members of the
faculty will promptly respond to
the request of the McKinley Recep
tion Committee to help in the re
ception to President McKinley by
contributing a small amount to
send the University band to Sun
Jose May 13th. Stanford is not
wanting in national patriotism, as
has been evidenced at previous
demonstrations. It is fitting that
on this occasion our University
should take an important, part in
making this hurried trip of the
President a pleasant and memor
able one. A college band would
be a unique and interesting feature,
and by aiding the Reception Com
mittee in this way everyone can
show his good will toward our
chief executive.
It is to be hoped that the stu
dent body and members of the
faculty will promptly respond to
the request of the McKinley Recep
tion Committee to help in the re
ception to President McKinley by
contributing a small amount to
send the University band to Sun
Jose May 13th. Stanford is not
wanting in national patriotism, as
has been evidenced at previous
demonstrations. It is fitting that
on this occasion our University
should take an important, part in
making this hurried trip of the
President a pleasant and memor
able one. A college band would
be a unique and interesting feature,
and by aiding the Reception Com
mittee in this way everyone can
show his good will toward our
chief executive.
It is to be hoped that the stu
dent body and members of the
faculty will promptly respond to
the request of the McKinley Recep
tion Committee to help in the re
ception to President McKinley by
contributing a small amount to
send the University band to Sun
Jose May 13th. Stanford is not
wanting in national patriotism, as
has been evidenced at previous
demonstrations. It is fitting that
on this occasion our University
should take an important, part in
making this hurried trip of the
President a pleasant and memor
able one. A college band would
be a unique and interesting feature,
and by aiding the Reception Com
mittee in this way everyone can
show his good will toward our
chief executive.
