# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Another great change in our de
hating policy has been suggested.
The idea is to disband the present
debating societies and reorganize
into four class societies. This rad
ical change should not lie made
until it has been fully discussed.
There are many reasons both for
and against it, and each should he
considered. Our present system is
the most successful one we have
had, and in this matter it will be
well to be a little conservative. At
the meeting of all those interested
in debating to he held next, week,
we hope that there will he a large
attendance and that everyone will
have fully considered the matter
and he prepared to express his
views. In the meantime we invite
a full discussion in the columns of
the Daily Palo Alto.
