# Adv. 5 Page 2
## 
### 
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
■erviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•»
| Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
■ ■ . ... ■ .
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
■erviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•»
| Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
■ ■ . ... ■ .
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
■erviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•»
| Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
■ ■ . ... ■ .
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
■erviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•»
| Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
■ ■ . ... ■ .
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
■erviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•»
| Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
■ ■ . ... ■ .
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
■erviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•»
| Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
■ ■ . ... ■ .
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
■erviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•»
| Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
■ ■ . ... ■ .
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
■erviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•»
| Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
■ ■ . ... ■ .
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
■erviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•»
| Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
■ ■ . ... ■ .
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
■erviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•»
| Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
■ ■ . ... ■ .
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
■erviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•»
| Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
■ ■ . ... ■ .
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
■erviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•»
| Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
■ ■ . ... ■ .
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
■erviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•»
| Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
■ ■ . ... ■ .
There's a
FUTURE
in your
FORD
When you have it
■erviced by factory
trained mechanics with
genuine Ford parts
•»
| Lutz FORD Sales
PALO ALTO
160 FOREST AVE. DA 3-5161
■ ■ . ... ■ .
