# Applications Available For Women Sponsors
## 
### 
AWS sponsor applications for
sponsoring Roble, Branner, off
campus, summer quarter, and
transfer students may be obtained
at the ASSU office today. They
must be returned by 5 p.m. Tues
day.
AWS sponsor applications for
sponsoring Roble, Branner, off
campus, summer quarter, and
transfer students may be obtained
at the ASSU office today. They
must be returned by 5 p.m. Tues
day.
AWS sponsor applications for
sponsoring Roble, Branner, off
campus, summer quarter, and
transfer students may be obtained
at the ASSU office today. They
must be returned by 5 p.m. Tues
day.
AWS sponsor applications for
sponsoring Roble, Branner, off
campus, summer quarter, and
transfer students may be obtained
at the ASSU office today. They
must be returned by 5 p.m. Tues
day.
AWS sponsor applications for
sponsoring Roble, Branner, off
campus, summer quarter, and
transfer students may be obtained
at the ASSU office today. They
must be returned by 5 p.m. Tues
day.
AWS sponsor applications for
sponsoring Roble, Branner, off
campus, summer quarter, and
transfer students may be obtained
at the ASSU office today. They
must be returned by 5 p.m. Tues
day.
AWS sponsor applications for
sponsoring Roble, Branner, off
campus, summer quarter, and
transfer students may be obtained
at the ASSU office today. They
must be returned by 5 p.m. Tues
day.
AWS sponsor applications for
sponsoring Roble, Branner, off
campus, summer quarter, and
transfer students may be obtained
at the ASSU office today. They
must be returned by 5 p.m. Tues
day.
AWS sponsor applications for
sponsoring Roble, Branner, off
campus, summer quarter, and
transfer students may be obtained
at the ASSU office today. They
must be returned by 5 p.m. Tues
day.
AWS sponsor applications for
sponsoring Roble, Branner, off
campus, summer quarter, and
transfer students may be obtained
at the ASSU office today. They
must be returned by 5 p.m. Tues
day.
AWS sponsor applications for
sponsoring Roble, Branner, off
campus, summer quarter, and
transfer students may be obtained
at the ASSU office today. They
must be returned by 5 p.m. Tues
day.
AWS sponsor applications for
sponsoring Roble, Branner, off
campus, summer quarter, and
transfer students may be obtained
at the ASSU office today. They
must be returned by 5 p.m. Tues
day.
AWS sponsor applications for
sponsoring Roble, Branner, off
campus, summer quarter, and
transfer students may be obtained
at the ASSU office today. They
must be returned by 5 p.m. Tues
day.
AWS sponsor applications for
sponsoring Roble, Branner, off
campus, summer quarter, and
transfer students may be obtained
at the ASSU office today. They
must be returned by 5 p.m. Tues
day.
