# Former Professors.
## 
### 
Professor Walter Miller, former
professor of Classical Philology, and
secretary of the Faculty, has been
appointed professor of Greek at
Tulane University.
Professor Arthur 0. Lovejoy, of
Washington University, St. Louis,
formerly associate professor of Phi
losophy at Stanford, is visiting on
the campus.
Professor Walter Miller, former
professor of Classical Philology, and
secretary of the Faculty, has been
appointed professor of Greek at
Tulane University.
Professor Arthur 0. Lovejoy, of
Washington University, St. Louis,
formerly associate professor of Phi
losophy at Stanford, is visiting on
the campus.
Professor Walter Miller, former
professor of Classical Philology, and
secretary of the Faculty, has been
appointed professor of Greek at
Tulane University.
Professor Arthur 0. Lovejoy, of
Washington University, St. Louis,
formerly associate professor of Phi
losophy at Stanford, is visiting on
the campus.
Professor Walter Miller, former
professor of Classical Philology, and
secretary of the Faculty, has been
appointed professor of Greek at
Tulane University.
Professor Arthur 0. Lovejoy, of
Washington University, St. Louis,
formerly associate professor of Phi
losophy at Stanford, is visiting on
the campus.
Professor Walter Miller, former
professor of Classical Philology, and
secretary of the Faculty, has been
appointed professor of Greek at
Tulane University.
Professor Arthur 0. Lovejoy, of
Washington University, St. Louis,
formerly associate professor of Phi
losophy at Stanford, is visiting on
the campus.
Professor Walter Miller, former
professor of Classical Philology, and
secretary of the Faculty, has been
appointed professor of Greek at
Tulane University.
Professor Arthur 0. Lovejoy, of
Washington University, St. Louis,
formerly associate professor of Phi
losophy at Stanford, is visiting on
the campus.
Professor Walter Miller, former
professor of Classical Philology, and
secretary of the Faculty, has been
appointed professor of Greek at
Tulane University.
Professor Arthur 0. Lovejoy, of
Washington University, St. Louis,
formerly associate professor of Phi
losophy at Stanford, is visiting on
the campus.
