# New Appointments.
## 
### 
Wesley R. Long, a graduate of
Boston University, has just been
appointed assistant in the depart
ment of Romanic Languages. An
other new appointment is that of
Joseph Jarnick to an instructor
ship in the Latin department.
Wesley R. Long, a graduate of
Boston University, has just been
appointed assistant in the depart
ment of Romanic Languages. An
other new appointment is that of
Joseph Jarnick to an instructor
ship in the Latin department.
Wesley R. Long, a graduate of
Boston University, has just been
appointed assistant in the depart
ment of Romanic Languages. An
other new appointment is that of
Joseph Jarnick to an instructor
ship in the Latin department.
Wesley R. Long, a graduate of
Boston University, has just been
appointed assistant in the depart
ment of Romanic Languages. An
other new appointment is that of
Joseph Jarnick to an instructor
ship in the Latin department.
Wesley R. Long, a graduate of
Boston University, has just been
appointed assistant in the depart
ment of Romanic Languages. An
other new appointment is that of
Joseph Jarnick to an instructor
ship in the Latin department.
Wesley R. Long, a graduate of
Boston University, has just been
appointed assistant in the depart
ment of Romanic Languages. An
other new appointment is that of
Joseph Jarnick to an instructor
ship in the Latin department.
Wesley R. Long, a graduate of
Boston University, has just been
appointed assistant in the depart
ment of Romanic Languages. An
other new appointment is that of
Joseph Jarnick to an instructor
ship in the Latin department.
