# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A subscription list in the inter
est of a new court for the Stanford
tennis players cannot but meet
with ready and generous response.
For several years it has been agreed
that the advancement of our inter
ests in this branch of intercollegi
ate sport demands that there be
placed at the disposal of the play
ers an equipment the use of which
would aid rather than hinder them
in the work of preparation. That
the courts are and have long been
utterly unfit for practice and be
yond the possibility of repair, is
admitted by all who are acquainted
with the facts. The statements of
our own tennis men to this effect
have been repeatedly corroborated
by the testimony of visiting ex
perts, who maintain that Stanford
may never hope to meet its oppo
nents on grounds of equality until
its representatives are given ade
quate courts on which to practice.
The need is imperative, but at this
time the treasury is in no condi
tion to stand the expense. Under
these circumstances there is but
one course open to us. The num
ber of names on the list which is
soon to be circulated should be
limited only by the size of the stu
dent body.
