# Deadline Set For English Contest
## 
### 
Friday has been set as deadline
for manuscripts to be entered in the
English Club contest. The winning
entries will be presented in the
Yearbook of Stanford Writing, which
will be published before the end of
spring quarter.
For the first time, the yearbook
will be published in a new, attrac
tive form, instead of being mimeo
graphed as before.
There will be a $10 prize in both
the prose and poetry divisions.
Manuscripts must be turned in to the
English Department office by Fri
day. They must be typed in tripli
cate form with the author's name on
the envelope and not on the manu
script.
Friday has been set as deadline
for manuscripts to be entered in the
English Club contest. The winning
entries will be presented in the
Yearbook of Stanford Writing, which
will be published before the end of
spring quarter.
For the first time, the yearbook
will be published in a new, attrac
tive form, instead of being mimeo
graphed as before.
There will be a $10 prize in both
the prose and poetry divisions.
Manuscripts must be turned in to the
English Department office by Fri
day. They must be typed in tripli
cate form with the author's name on
the envelope and not on the manu
script.
Friday has been set as deadline
for manuscripts to be entered in the
English Club contest. The winning
entries will be presented in the
Yearbook of Stanford Writing, which
will be published before the end of
spring quarter.
For the first time, the yearbook
will be published in a new, attrac
tive form, instead of being mimeo
graphed as before.
There will be a $10 prize in both
the prose and poetry divisions.
Manuscripts must be turned in to the
English Department office by Fri
day. They must be typed in tripli
cate form with the author's name on
the envelope and not on the manu
script.
Friday has been set as deadline
for manuscripts to be entered in the
English Club contest. The winning
entries will be presented in the
Yearbook of Stanford Writing, which
will be published before the end of
spring quarter.
For the first time, the yearbook
will be published in a new, attrac
tive form, instead of being mimeo
graphed as before.
There will be a $10 prize in both
the prose and poetry divisions.
Manuscripts must be turned in to the
English Department office by Fri
day. They must be typed in tripli
cate form with the author's name on
the envelope and not on the manu
script.
Friday has been set as deadline
for manuscripts to be entered in the
English Club contest. The winning
entries will be presented in the
Yearbook of Stanford Writing, which
will be published before the end of
spring quarter.
For the first time, the yearbook
will be published in a new, attrac
tive form, instead of being mimeo
graphed as before.
There will be a $10 prize in both
the prose and poetry divisions.
Manuscripts must be turned in to the
English Department office by Fri
day. They must be typed in tripli
cate form with the author's name on
the envelope and not on the manu
script.
Friday has been set as deadline
for manuscripts to be entered in the
English Club contest. The winning
entries will be presented in the
Yearbook of Stanford Writing, which
will be published before the end of
spring quarter.
For the first time, the yearbook
will be published in a new, attrac
tive form, instead of being mimeo
graphed as before.
There will be a $10 prize in both
the prose and poetry divisions.
Manuscripts must be turned in to the
English Department office by Fri
day. They must be typed in tripli
cate form with the author's name on
the envelope and not on the manu
script.
Friday has been set as deadline
for manuscripts to be entered in the
English Club contest. The winning
entries will be presented in the
Yearbook of Stanford Writing, which
will be published before the end of
spring quarter.
For the first time, the yearbook
will be published in a new, attrac
tive form, instead of being mimeo
graphed as before.
There will be a $10 prize in both
the prose and poetry divisions.
Manuscripts must be turned in to the
English Department office by Fri
day. They must be typed in tripli
cate form with the author's name on
the envelope and not on the manu
script.
Friday has been set as deadline
for manuscripts to be entered in the
English Club contest. The winning
entries will be presented in the
Yearbook of Stanford Writing, which
will be published before the end of
spring quarter.
For the first time, the yearbook
will be published in a new, attrac
tive form, instead of being mimeo
graphed as before.
There will be a $10 prize in both
the prose and poetry divisions.
Manuscripts must be turned in to the
English Department office by Fri
day. They must be typed in tripli
cate form with the author's name on
the envelope and not on the manu
script.
Friday has been set as deadline
for manuscripts to be entered in the
English Club contest. The winning
entries will be presented in the
Yearbook of Stanford Writing, which
will be published before the end of
spring quarter.
For the first time, the yearbook
will be published in a new, attrac
tive form, instead of being mimeo
graphed as before.
There will be a $10 prize in both
the prose and poetry divisions.
Manuscripts must be turned in to the
English Department office by Fri
day. They must be typed in tripli
cate form with the author's name on
the envelope and not on the manu
script.
Friday has been set as deadline
for manuscripts to be entered in the
English Club contest. The winning
entries will be presented in the
Yearbook of Stanford Writing, which
will be published before the end of
spring quarter.
For the first time, the yearbook
will be published in a new, attrac
tive form, instead of being mimeo
graphed as before.
There will be a $10 prize in both
the prose and poetry divisions.
Manuscripts must be turned in to the
English Department office by Fri
day. They must be typed in tripli
cate form with the author's name on
the envelope and not on the manu
script.
Friday has been set as deadline
for manuscripts to be entered in the
English Club contest. The winning
entries will be presented in the
Yearbook of Stanford Writing, which
will be published before the end of
spring quarter.
For the first time, the yearbook
will be published in a new, attrac
tive form, instead of being mimeo
graphed as before.
There will be a $10 prize in both
the prose and poetry divisions.
Manuscripts must be turned in to the
English Department office by Fri
day. They must be typed in tripli
cate form with the author's name on
the envelope and not on the manu
script.
Friday has been set as deadline
for manuscripts to be entered in the
English Club contest. The winning
entries will be presented in the
Yearbook of Stanford Writing, which
will be published before the end of
spring quarter.
For the first time, the yearbook
will be published in a new, attrac
tive form, instead of being mimeo
graphed as before.
There will be a $10 prize in both
the prose and poetry divisions.
Manuscripts must be turned in to the
English Department office by Fri
day. They must be typed in tripli
cate form with the author's name on
the envelope and not on the manu
script.
Friday has been set as deadline
for manuscripts to be entered in the
English Club contest. The winning
entries will be presented in the
Yearbook of Stanford Writing, which
will be published before the end of
spring quarter.
For the first time, the yearbook
will be published in a new, attrac
tive form, instead of being mimeo
graphed as before.
There will be a $10 prize in both
the prose and poetry divisions.
Manuscripts must be turned in to the
English Department office by Fri
day. They must be typed in tripli
cate form with the author's name on
the envelope and not on the manu
script.
Friday has been set as deadline
for manuscripts to be entered in the
English Club contest. The winning
entries will be presented in the
Yearbook of Stanford Writing, which
will be published before the end of
spring quarter.
For the first time, the yearbook
will be published in a new, attrac
tive form, instead of being mimeo
graphed as before.
There will be a $10 prize in both
the prose and poetry divisions.
Manuscripts must be turned in to the
English Department office by Fri
day. They must be typed in tripli
cate form with the author's name on
the envelope and not on the manu
script.
Friday has been set as deadline
for manuscripts to be entered in the
English Club contest. The winning
entries will be presented in the
Yearbook of Stanford Writing, which
will be published before the end of
spring quarter.
For the first time, the yearbook
will be published in a new, attrac
tive form, instead of being mimeo
graphed as before.
There will be a $10 prize in both
the prose and poetry divisions.
Manuscripts must be turned in to the
English Department office by Fri
day. They must be typed in tripli
cate form with the author's name on
the envelope and not on the manu
script.
Friday has been set as deadline
for manuscripts to be entered in the
English Club contest. The winning
entries will be presented in the
Yearbook of Stanford Writing, which
will be published before the end of
spring quarter.
For the first time, the yearbook
will be published in a new, attrac
tive form, instead of being mimeo
graphed as before.
There will be a $10 prize in both
the prose and poetry divisions.
Manuscripts must be turned in to the
English Department office by Fri
day. They must be typed in tripli
cate form with the author's name on
the envelope and not on the manu
script.
Friday has been set as deadline
for manuscripts to be entered in the
English Club contest. The winning
entries will be presented in the
Yearbook of Stanford Writing, which
will be published before the end of
spring quarter.
For the first time, the yearbook
will be published in a new, attrac
tive form, instead of being mimeo
graphed as before.
There will be a $10 prize in both
the prose and poetry divisions.
Manuscripts must be turned in to the
English Department office by Fri
day. They must be typed in tripli
cate form with the author's name on
the envelope and not on the manu
script.
Friday has been set as deadline
for manuscripts to be entered in the
English Club contest. The winning
entries will be presented in the
Yearbook of Stanford Writing, which
will be published before the end of
spring quarter.
For the first time, the yearbook
will be published in a new, attrac
tive form, instead of being mimeo
graphed as before.
There will be a $10 prize in both
the prose and poetry divisions.
Manuscripts must be turned in to the
English Department office by Fri
day. They must be typed in tripli
cate form with the author's name on
the envelope and not on the manu
script.
