# Frosh Cindermen Open with Lowell
## 
### 
Weather permitting, Stanford Uni
versity's freshman track team opens
its 1941 season against Lowell High
School Saturday morning at 10
o'clock on Angell Field.
This will be the first opportunity
for Stanfordites to see the squad
rated by pre-season guessing to
have the best material on a fresh
man team for ten years. Lowell has
cleaned up on Bay Area high schools
in track for the past five years and
should offer Clyde Jeffrey's Pap
ooses plenty of competition.
Lowell's cross-country team de
feated the Indians, 27 to 25, last
fall. Stanford's top distance man,
lanky Bob Compton, lost by about a
foot to A1 Tashman, Lowell distance
ace, and their return encounter in
the mile Saturday should prove in
teresting.
Weather permitting, Stanford Uni
versity's freshman track team opens
its 1941 season against Lowell High
School Saturday morning at 10
o'clock on Angell Field.
This will be the first opportunity
for Stanfordites to see the squad
rated by pre-season guessing to
have the best material on a fresh
man team for ten years. Lowell has
cleaned up on Bay Area high schools
in track for the past five years and
should offer Clyde Jeffrey's Pap
ooses plenty of competition.
Lowell's cross-country team de
feated the Indians, 27 to 25, last
fall. Stanford's top distance man,
lanky Bob Compton, lost by about a
foot to A1 Tashman, Lowell distance
ace, and their return encounter in
the mile Saturday should prove in
teresting.
Weather permitting, Stanford Uni
versity's freshman track team opens
its 1941 season against Lowell High
School Saturday morning at 10
o'clock on Angell Field.
This will be the first opportunity
for Stanfordites to see the squad
rated by pre-season guessing to
have the best material on a fresh
man team for ten years. Lowell has
cleaned up on Bay Area high schools
in track for the past five years and
should offer Clyde Jeffrey's Pap
ooses plenty of competition.
Lowell's cross-country team de
feated the Indians, 27 to 25, last
fall. Stanford's top distance man,
lanky Bob Compton, lost by about a
foot to A1 Tashman, Lowell distance
ace, and their return encounter in
the mile Saturday should prove in
teresting.
Weather permitting, Stanford Uni
versity's freshman track team opens
its 1941 season against Lowell High
School Saturday morning at 10
o'clock on Angell Field.
This will be the first opportunity
for Stanfordites to see the squad
rated by pre-season guessing to
have the best material on a fresh
man team for ten years. Lowell has
cleaned up on Bay Area high schools
in track for the past five years and
should offer Clyde Jeffrey's Pap
ooses plenty of competition.
Lowell's cross-country team de
feated the Indians, 27 to 25, last
fall. Stanford's top distance man,
lanky Bob Compton, lost by about a
foot to A1 Tashman, Lowell distance
ace, and their return encounter in
the mile Saturday should prove in
teresting.
Weather permitting, Stanford Uni
versity's freshman track team opens
its 1941 season against Lowell High
School Saturday morning at 10
o'clock on Angell Field.
This will be the first opportunity
for Stanfordites to see the squad
rated by pre-season guessing to
have the best material on a fresh
man team for ten years. Lowell has
cleaned up on Bay Area high schools
in track for the past five years and
should offer Clyde Jeffrey's Pap
ooses plenty of competition.
Lowell's cross-country team de
feated the Indians, 27 to 25, last
fall. Stanford's top distance man,
lanky Bob Compton, lost by about a
foot to A1 Tashman, Lowell distance
ace, and their return encounter in
the mile Saturday should prove in
teresting.
Weather permitting, Stanford Uni
versity's freshman track team opens
its 1941 season against Lowell High
School Saturday morning at 10
o'clock on Angell Field.
This will be the first opportunity
for Stanfordites to see the squad
rated by pre-season guessing to
have the best material on a fresh
man team for ten years. Lowell has
cleaned up on Bay Area high schools
in track for the past five years and
should offer Clyde Jeffrey's Pap
ooses plenty of competition.
Lowell's cross-country team de
feated the Indians, 27 to 25, last
fall. Stanford's top distance man,
lanky Bob Compton, lost by about a
foot to A1 Tashman, Lowell distance
ace, and their return encounter in
the mile Saturday should prove in
teresting.
Weather permitting, Stanford Uni
versity's freshman track team opens
its 1941 season against Lowell High
School Saturday morning at 10
o'clock on Angell Field.
This will be the first opportunity
for Stanfordites to see the squad
rated by pre-season guessing to
have the best material on a fresh
man team for ten years. Lowell has
cleaned up on Bay Area high schools
in track for the past five years and
should offer Clyde Jeffrey's Pap
ooses plenty of competition.
Lowell's cross-country team de
feated the Indians, 27 to 25, last
fall. Stanford's top distance man,
lanky Bob Compton, lost by about a
foot to A1 Tashman, Lowell distance
ace, and their return encounter in
the mile Saturday should prove in
teresting.
Weather permitting, Stanford Uni
versity's freshman track team opens
its 1941 season against Lowell High
School Saturday morning at 10
o'clock on Angell Field.
This will be the first opportunity
for Stanfordites to see the squad
rated by pre-season guessing to
have the best material on a fresh
man team for ten years. Lowell has
cleaned up on Bay Area high schools
in track for the past five years and
should offer Clyde Jeffrey's Pap
ooses plenty of competition.
Lowell's cross-country team de
feated the Indians, 27 to 25, last
fall. Stanford's top distance man,
lanky Bob Compton, lost by about a
foot to A1 Tashman, Lowell distance
ace, and their return encounter in
the mile Saturday should prove in
teresting.
Weather permitting, Stanford Uni
versity's freshman track team opens
its 1941 season against Lowell High
School Saturday morning at 10
o'clock on Angell Field.
This will be the first opportunity
for Stanfordites to see the squad
rated by pre-season guessing to
have the best material on a fresh
man team for ten years. Lowell has
cleaned up on Bay Area high schools
in track for the past five years and
should offer Clyde Jeffrey's Pap
ooses plenty of competition.
Lowell's cross-country team de
feated the Indians, 27 to 25, last
fall. Stanford's top distance man,
lanky Bob Compton, lost by about a
foot to A1 Tashman, Lowell distance
ace, and their return encounter in
the mile Saturday should prove in
teresting.
Weather permitting, Stanford Uni
versity's freshman track team opens
its 1941 season against Lowell High
School Saturday morning at 10
o'clock on Angell Field.
This will be the first opportunity
for Stanfordites to see the squad
rated by pre-season guessing to
have the best material on a fresh
man team for ten years. Lowell has
cleaned up on Bay Area high schools
in track for the past five years and
should offer Clyde Jeffrey's Pap
ooses plenty of competition.
Lowell's cross-country team de
feated the Indians, 27 to 25, last
fall. Stanford's top distance man,
lanky Bob Compton, lost by about a
foot to A1 Tashman, Lowell distance
ace, and their return encounter in
the mile Saturday should prove in
teresting.
Weather permitting, Stanford Uni
versity's freshman track team opens
its 1941 season against Lowell High
School Saturday morning at 10
o'clock on Angell Field.
This will be the first opportunity
for Stanfordites to see the squad
rated by pre-season guessing to
have the best material on a fresh
man team for ten years. Lowell has
cleaned up on Bay Area high schools
in track for the past five years and
should offer Clyde Jeffrey's Pap
ooses plenty of competition.
Lowell's cross-country team de
feated the Indians, 27 to 25, last
fall. Stanford's top distance man,
lanky Bob Compton, lost by about a
foot to A1 Tashman, Lowell distance
ace, and their return encounter in
the mile Saturday should prove in
teresting.
Weather permitting, Stanford Uni
versity's freshman track team opens
its 1941 season against Lowell High
School Saturday morning at 10
o'clock on Angell Field.
This will be the first opportunity
for Stanfordites to see the squad
rated by pre-season guessing to
have the best material on a fresh
man team for ten years. Lowell has
cleaned up on Bay Area high schools
in track for the past five years and
should offer Clyde Jeffrey's Pap
ooses plenty of competition.
Lowell's cross-country team de
feated the Indians, 27 to 25, last
fall. Stanford's top distance man,
lanky Bob Compton, lost by about a
foot to A1 Tashman, Lowell distance
ace, and their return encounter in
the mile Saturday should prove in
teresting.
Weather permitting, Stanford Uni
versity's freshman track team opens
its 1941 season against Lowell High
School Saturday morning at 10
o'clock on Angell Field.
This will be the first opportunity
for Stanfordites to see the squad
rated by pre-season guessing to
have the best material on a fresh
man team for ten years. Lowell has
cleaned up on Bay Area high schools
in track for the past five years and
should offer Clyde Jeffrey's Pap
ooses plenty of competition.
Lowell's cross-country team de
feated the Indians, 27 to 25, last
fall. Stanford's top distance man,
lanky Bob Compton, lost by about a
foot to A1 Tashman, Lowell distance
ace, and their return encounter in
the mile Saturday should prove in
teresting.
Weather permitting, Stanford Uni
versity's freshman track team opens
its 1941 season against Lowell High
School Saturday morning at 10
o'clock on Angell Field.
This will be the first opportunity
for Stanfordites to see the squad
rated by pre-season guessing to
have the best material on a fresh
man team for ten years. Lowell has
cleaned up on Bay Area high schools
in track for the past five years and
should offer Clyde Jeffrey's Pap
ooses plenty of competition.
Lowell's cross-country team de
feated the Indians, 27 to 25, last
fall. Stanford's top distance man,
lanky Bob Compton, lost by about a
foot to A1 Tashman, Lowell distance
ace, and their return encounter in
the mile Saturday should prove in
teresting.
Weather permitting, Stanford Uni
versity's freshman track team opens
its 1941 season against Lowell High
School Saturday morning at 10
o'clock on Angell Field.
This will be the first opportunity
for Stanfordites to see the squad
rated by pre-season guessing to
have the best material on a fresh
man team for ten years. Lowell has
cleaned up on Bay Area high schools
in track for the past five years and
should offer Clyde Jeffrey's Pap
ooses plenty of competition.
Lowell's cross-country team de
feated the Indians, 27 to 25, last
fall. Stanford's top distance man,
lanky Bob Compton, lost by about a
foot to A1 Tashman, Lowell distance
ace, and their return encounter in
the mile Saturday should prove in
teresting.
Weather permitting, Stanford Uni
versity's freshman track team opens
its 1941 season against Lowell High
School Saturday morning at 10
o'clock on Angell Field.
This will be the first opportunity
for Stanfordites to see the squad
rated by pre-season guessing to
have the best material on a fresh
man team for ten years. Lowell has
cleaned up on Bay Area high schools
in track for the past five years and
should offer Clyde Jeffrey's Pap
ooses plenty of competition.
Lowell's cross-country team de
feated the Indians, 27 to 25, last
fall. Stanford's top distance man,
lanky Bob Compton, lost by about a
foot to A1 Tashman, Lowell distance
ace, and their return encounter in
the mile Saturday should prove in
teresting.
Weather permitting, Stanford Uni
versity's freshman track team opens
its 1941 season against Lowell High
School Saturday morning at 10
o'clock on Angell Field.
This will be the first opportunity
for Stanfordites to see the squad
rated by pre-season guessing to
have the best material on a fresh
man team for ten years. Lowell has
cleaned up on Bay Area high schools
in track for the past five years and
should offer Clyde Jeffrey's Pap
ooses plenty of competition.
Lowell's cross-country team de
feated the Indians, 27 to 25, last
fall. Stanford's top distance man,
lanky Bob Compton, lost by about a
foot to A1 Tashman, Lowell distance
ace, and their return encounter in
the mile Saturday should prove in
teresting.
Weather permitting, Stanford Uni
versity's freshman track team opens
its 1941 season against Lowell High
School Saturday morning at 10
o'clock on Angell Field.
This will be the first opportunity
for Stanfordites to see the squad
rated by pre-season guessing to
have the best material on a fresh
man team for ten years. Lowell has
cleaned up on Bay Area high schools
in track for the past five years and
should offer Clyde Jeffrey's Pap
ooses plenty of competition.
Lowell's cross-country team de
feated the Indians, 27 to 25, last
fall. Stanford's top distance man,
lanky Bob Compton, lost by about a
foot to A1 Tashman, Lowell distance
ace, and their return encounter in
the mile Saturday should prove in
teresting.
