# Watches Boys
## 
### 

SWIMMING Coach Nort Thornton,
above, tonight will watch his
splashers take on San Jose in a
meet which is a preparation to the
all-important Cal meet. For de
tails, see story at right.

SWIMMING Coach Nort Thornton,
above, tonight will watch his
splashers take on San Jose in a
meet which is a preparation to the
all-important Cal meet. For de
tails, see story at right.

SWIMMING Coach Nort Thornton,
above, tonight will watch his
splashers take on San Jose in a
meet which is a preparation to the
all-important Cal meet. For de
tails, see story at right.

SWIMMING Coach Nort Thornton,
above, tonight will watch his
splashers take on San Jose in a
meet which is a preparation to the
all-important Cal meet. For de
tails, see story at right.

SWIMMING Coach Nort Thornton,
above, tonight will watch his
splashers take on San Jose in a
meet which is a preparation to the
all-important Cal meet. For de
tails, see story at right.

SWIMMING Coach Nort Thornton,
above, tonight will watch his
splashers take on San Jose in a
meet which is a preparation to the
all-important Cal meet. For de
tails, see story at right.

SWIMMING Coach Nort Thornton,
above, tonight will watch his
splashers take on San Jose in a
meet which is a preparation to the
all-important Cal meet. For de
tails, see story at right.

SWIMMING Coach Nort Thornton,
above, tonight will watch his
splashers take on San Jose in a
meet which is a preparation to the
all-important Cal meet. For de
tails, see story at right.

SWIMMING Coach Nort Thornton,
above, tonight will watch his
splashers take on San Jose in a
meet which is a preparation to the
all-important Cal meet. For de
tails, see story at right.

SWIMMING Coach Nort Thornton,
above, tonight will watch his
splashers take on San Jose in a
meet which is a preparation to the
all-important Cal meet. For de
tails, see story at right.

SWIMMING Coach Nort Thornton,
above, tonight will watch his
splashers take on San Jose in a
meet which is a preparation to the
all-important Cal meet. For de
tails, see story at right.

SWIMMING Coach Nort Thornton,
above, tonight will watch his
splashers take on San Jose in a
meet which is a preparation to the
all-important Cal meet. For de
tails, see story at right.

SWIMMING Coach Nort Thornton,
above, tonight will watch his
splashers take on San Jose in a
meet which is a preparation to the
all-important Cal meet. For de
tails, see story at right.

SWIMMING Coach Nort Thornton,
above, tonight will watch his
splashers take on San Jose in a
meet which is a preparation to the
all-important Cal meet. For de
tails, see story at right.

SWIMMING Coach Nort Thornton,
above, tonight will watch his
splashers take on San Jose in a
meet which is a preparation to the
all-important Cal meet. For de
tails, see story at right.

SWIMMING Coach Nort Thornton,
above, tonight will watch his
splashers take on San Jose in a
meet which is a preparation to the
all-important Cal meet. For de
tails, see story at right.

SWIMMING Coach Nort Thornton,
above, tonight will watch his
splashers take on San Jose in a
meet which is a preparation to the
all-important Cal meet. For de
tails, see story at right.

SWIMMING Coach Nort Thornton,
above, tonight will watch his
splashers take on San Jose in a
meet which is a preparation to the
all-important Cal meet. For de
tails, see story at right.
