# 'Peace' Committee Meets Tomorrow
## 
### 
Friday, Feb. 21, at 8 o'clock, the
American Peace Mobilization Com
mittee of Santa Clara County will
meet at the Horace Mann School in
San Jose. Three speakers will dis
cuss the topic "Which Way Amer
ica?" Following the talk a short
movie on the same subject will be
presented.
Friday, Feb. 21, at 8 o'clock, the
American Peace Mobilization Com
mittee of Santa Clara County will
meet at the Horace Mann School in
San Jose. Three speakers will dis
cuss the topic "Which Way Amer
ica?" Following the talk a short
movie on the same subject will be
presented.
Friday, Feb. 21, at 8 o'clock, the
American Peace Mobilization Com
mittee of Santa Clara County will
meet at the Horace Mann School in
San Jose. Three speakers will dis
cuss the topic "Which Way Amer
ica?" Following the talk a short
movie on the same subject will be
presented.
Friday, Feb. 21, at 8 o'clock, the
American Peace Mobilization Com
mittee of Santa Clara County will
meet at the Horace Mann School in
San Jose. Three speakers will dis
cuss the topic "Which Way Amer
ica?" Following the talk a short
movie on the same subject will be
presented.
Friday, Feb. 21, at 8 o'clock, the
American Peace Mobilization Com
mittee of Santa Clara County will
meet at the Horace Mann School in
San Jose. Three speakers will dis
cuss the topic "Which Way Amer
ica?" Following the talk a short
movie on the same subject will be
presented.
Friday, Feb. 21, at 8 o'clock, the
American Peace Mobilization Com
mittee of Santa Clara County will
meet at the Horace Mann School in
San Jose. Three speakers will dis
cuss the topic "Which Way Amer
ica?" Following the talk a short
movie on the same subject will be
presented.
Friday, Feb. 21, at 8 o'clock, the
American Peace Mobilization Com
mittee of Santa Clara County will
meet at the Horace Mann School in
San Jose. Three speakers will dis
cuss the topic "Which Way Amer
ica?" Following the talk a short
movie on the same subject will be
presented.
Friday, Feb. 21, at 8 o'clock, the
American Peace Mobilization Com
mittee of Santa Clara County will
meet at the Horace Mann School in
San Jose. Three speakers will dis
cuss the topic "Which Way Amer
ica?" Following the talk a short
movie on the same subject will be
presented.
Friday, Feb. 21, at 8 o'clock, the
American Peace Mobilization Com
mittee of Santa Clara County will
meet at the Horace Mann School in
San Jose. Three speakers will dis
cuss the topic "Which Way Amer
ica?" Following the talk a short
movie on the same subject will be
presented.
Friday, Feb. 21, at 8 o'clock, the
American Peace Mobilization Com
mittee of Santa Clara County will
meet at the Horace Mann School in
San Jose. Three speakers will dis
cuss the topic "Which Way Amer
ica?" Following the talk a short
movie on the same subject will be
presented.
Friday, Feb. 21, at 8 o'clock, the
American Peace Mobilization Com
mittee of Santa Clara County will
meet at the Horace Mann School in
San Jose. Three speakers will dis
cuss the topic "Which Way Amer
ica?" Following the talk a short
movie on the same subject will be
presented.
Friday, Feb. 21, at 8 o'clock, the
American Peace Mobilization Com
mittee of Santa Clara County will
meet at the Horace Mann School in
San Jose. Three speakers will dis
cuss the topic "Which Way Amer
ica?" Following the talk a short
movie on the same subject will be
presented.
Friday, Feb. 21, at 8 o'clock, the
American Peace Mobilization Com
mittee of Santa Clara County will
meet at the Horace Mann School in
San Jose. Three speakers will dis
cuss the topic "Which Way Amer
ica?" Following the talk a short
movie on the same subject will be
presented.
Friday, Feb. 21, at 8 o'clock, the
American Peace Mobilization Com
mittee of Santa Clara County will
meet at the Horace Mann School in
San Jose. Three speakers will dis
cuss the topic "Which Way Amer
ica?" Following the talk a short
movie on the same subject will be
presented.
Friday, Feb. 21, at 8 o'clock, the
American Peace Mobilization Com
mittee of Santa Clara County will
meet at the Horace Mann School in
San Jose. Three speakers will dis
cuss the topic "Which Way Amer
ica?" Following the talk a short
movie on the same subject will be
presented.
Friday, Feb. 21, at 8 o'clock, the
American Peace Mobilization Com
mittee of Santa Clara County will
meet at the Horace Mann School in
San Jose. Three speakers will dis
cuss the topic "Which Way Amer
ica?" Following the talk a short
movie on the same subject will be
presented.
Friday, Feb. 21, at 8 o'clock, the
American Peace Mobilization Com
mittee of Santa Clara County will
meet at the Horace Mann School in
San Jose. Three speakers will dis
cuss the topic "Which Way Amer
ica?" Following the talk a short
movie on the same subject will be
presented.
Friday, Feb. 21, at 8 o'clock, the
American Peace Mobilization Com
mittee of Santa Clara County will
meet at the Horace Mann School in
San Jose. Three speakers will dis
cuss the topic "Which Way Amer
ica?" Following the talk a short
movie on the same subject will be
presented.
