# NEW BRIDGE FOR NIAGARA FALLS
## 
### 

IIIIS STEEL FRAMEWORK rises above the ice-filled Niagara River, at Niagara Falls, Onl., for rabies to
support a great 950-foot arch of the new Rainbow Bridge. Eventually cables will be removed, leaving the
American-Canadian bridge the longest fixed-span arch in the world.

IIIIS STEEL FRAMEWORK rises above the ice-filled Niagara River, at Niagara Falls, Onl., for rabies to
support a great 950-foot arch of the new Rainbow Bridge. Eventually cables will be removed, leaving the
American-Canadian bridge the longest fixed-span arch in the world.

IIIIS STEEL FRAMEWORK rises above the ice-filled Niagara River, at Niagara Falls, Onl., for rabies to
support a great 950-foot arch of the new Rainbow Bridge. Eventually cables will be removed, leaving the
American-Canadian bridge the longest fixed-span arch in the world.

IIIIS STEEL FRAMEWORK rises above the ice-filled Niagara River, at Niagara Falls, Onl., for rabies to
support a great 950-foot arch of the new Rainbow Bridge. Eventually cables will be removed, leaving the
American-Canadian bridge the longest fixed-span arch in the world.

IIIIS STEEL FRAMEWORK rises above the ice-filled Niagara River, at Niagara Falls, Onl., for rabies to
support a great 950-foot arch of the new Rainbow Bridge. Eventually cables will be removed, leaving the
American-Canadian bridge the longest fixed-span arch in the world.

IIIIS STEEL FRAMEWORK rises above the ice-filled Niagara River, at Niagara Falls, Onl., for rabies to
support a great 950-foot arch of the new Rainbow Bridge. Eventually cables will be removed, leaving the
American-Canadian bridge the longest fixed-span arch in the world.

IIIIS STEEL FRAMEWORK rises above the ice-filled Niagara River, at Niagara Falls, Onl., for rabies to
support a great 950-foot arch of the new Rainbow Bridge. Eventually cables will be removed, leaving the
American-Canadian bridge the longest fixed-span arch in the world.

IIIIS STEEL FRAMEWORK rises above the ice-filled Niagara River, at Niagara Falls, Onl., for rabies to
support a great 950-foot arch of the new Rainbow Bridge. Eventually cables will be removed, leaving the
American-Canadian bridge the longest fixed-span arch in the world.

IIIIS STEEL FRAMEWORK rises above the ice-filled Niagara River, at Niagara Falls, Onl., for rabies to
support a great 950-foot arch of the new Rainbow Bridge. Eventually cables will be removed, leaving the
American-Canadian bridge the longest fixed-span arch in the world.

IIIIS STEEL FRAMEWORK rises above the ice-filled Niagara River, at Niagara Falls, Onl., for rabies to
support a great 950-foot arch of the new Rainbow Bridge. Eventually cables will be removed, leaving the
American-Canadian bridge the longest fixed-span arch in the world.

IIIIS STEEL FRAMEWORK rises above the ice-filled Niagara River, at Niagara Falls, Onl., for rabies to
support a great 950-foot arch of the new Rainbow Bridge. Eventually cables will be removed, leaving the
American-Canadian bridge the longest fixed-span arch in the world.

IIIIS STEEL FRAMEWORK rises above the ice-filled Niagara River, at Niagara Falls, Onl., for rabies to
support a great 950-foot arch of the new Rainbow Bridge. Eventually cables will be removed, leaving the
American-Canadian bridge the longest fixed-span arch in the world.

IIIIS STEEL FRAMEWORK rises above the ice-filled Niagara River, at Niagara Falls, Onl., for rabies to
support a great 950-foot arch of the new Rainbow Bridge. Eventually cables will be removed, leaving the
American-Canadian bridge the longest fixed-span arch in the world.

IIIIS STEEL FRAMEWORK rises above the ice-filled Niagara River, at Niagara Falls, Onl., for rabies to
support a great 950-foot arch of the new Rainbow Bridge. Eventually cables will be removed, leaving the
American-Canadian bridge the longest fixed-span arch in the world.

IIIIS STEEL FRAMEWORK rises above the ice-filled Niagara River, at Niagara Falls, Onl., for rabies to
support a great 950-foot arch of the new Rainbow Bridge. Eventually cables will be removed, leaving the
American-Canadian bridge the longest fixed-span arch in the world.

IIIIS STEEL FRAMEWORK rises above the ice-filled Niagara River, at Niagara Falls, Onl., for rabies to
support a great 950-foot arch of the new Rainbow Bridge. Eventually cables will be removed, leaving the
American-Canadian bridge the longest fixed-span arch in the world.

IIIIS STEEL FRAMEWORK rises above the ice-filled Niagara River, at Niagara Falls, Onl., for rabies to
support a great 950-foot arch of the new Rainbow Bridge. Eventually cables will be removed, leaving the
American-Canadian bridge the longest fixed-span arch in the world.

IIIIS STEEL FRAMEWORK rises above the ice-filled Niagara River, at Niagara Falls, Onl., for rabies to
support a great 950-foot arch of the new Rainbow Bridge. Eventually cables will be removed, leaving the
American-Canadian bridge the longest fixed-span arch in the world.
