# OFFICERS IN THREE MONTHS
## 
### 

A "SEA OF FACES" greets the camera at Anaponlis as (he naval re
serves take the oath in Dahlgren Hall following their arrival at the
United States Naval Academy for three months study under the new
ollicer training speed-up program. The men will he commissioned as
ensigns when they successfully complete this course.

A "SEA OF FACES" greets the camera at Anaponlis as (he naval re
serves take the oath in Dahlgren Hall following their arrival at the
United States Naval Academy for three months study under the new
ollicer training speed-up program. The men will he commissioned as
ensigns when they successfully complete this course.

A "SEA OF FACES" greets the camera at Anaponlis as (he naval re
serves take the oath in Dahlgren Hall following their arrival at the
United States Naval Academy for three months study under the new
ollicer training speed-up program. The men will he commissioned as
ensigns when they successfully complete this course.

A "SEA OF FACES" greets the camera at Anaponlis as (he naval re
serves take the oath in Dahlgren Hall following their arrival at the
United States Naval Academy for three months study under the new
ollicer training speed-up program. The men will he commissioned as
ensigns when they successfully complete this course.

A "SEA OF FACES" greets the camera at Anaponlis as (he naval re
serves take the oath in Dahlgren Hall following their arrival at the
United States Naval Academy for three months study under the new
ollicer training speed-up program. The men will he commissioned as
ensigns when they successfully complete this course.

A "SEA OF FACES" greets the camera at Anaponlis as (he naval re
serves take the oath in Dahlgren Hall following their arrival at the
United States Naval Academy for three months study under the new
ollicer training speed-up program. The men will he commissioned as
ensigns when they successfully complete this course.

A "SEA OF FACES" greets the camera at Anaponlis as (he naval re
serves take the oath in Dahlgren Hall following their arrival at the
United States Naval Academy for three months study under the new
ollicer training speed-up program. The men will he commissioned as
ensigns when they successfully complete this course.

A "SEA OF FACES" greets the camera at Anaponlis as (he naval re
serves take the oath in Dahlgren Hall following their arrival at the
United States Naval Academy for three months study under the new
ollicer training speed-up program. The men will he commissioned as
ensigns when they successfully complete this course.

A "SEA OF FACES" greets the camera at Anaponlis as (he naval re
serves take the oath in Dahlgren Hall following their arrival at the
United States Naval Academy for three months study under the new
ollicer training speed-up program. The men will he commissioned as
ensigns when they successfully complete this course.

A "SEA OF FACES" greets the camera at Anaponlis as (he naval re
serves take the oath in Dahlgren Hall following their arrival at the
United States Naval Academy for three months study under the new
ollicer training speed-up program. The men will he commissioned as
ensigns when they successfully complete this course.

A "SEA OF FACES" greets the camera at Anaponlis as (he naval re
serves take the oath in Dahlgren Hall following their arrival at the
United States Naval Academy for three months study under the new
ollicer training speed-up program. The men will he commissioned as
ensigns when they successfully complete this course.

A "SEA OF FACES" greets the camera at Anaponlis as (he naval re
serves take the oath in Dahlgren Hall following their arrival at the
United States Naval Academy for three months study under the new
ollicer training speed-up program. The men will he commissioned as
ensigns when they successfully complete this course.

A "SEA OF FACES" greets the camera at Anaponlis as (he naval re
serves take the oath in Dahlgren Hall following their arrival at the
United States Naval Academy for three months study under the new
ollicer training speed-up program. The men will he commissioned as
ensigns when they successfully complete this course.

A "SEA OF FACES" greets the camera at Anaponlis as (he naval re
serves take the oath in Dahlgren Hall following their arrival at the
United States Naval Academy for three months study under the new
ollicer training speed-up program. The men will he commissioned as
ensigns when they successfully complete this course.

A "SEA OF FACES" greets the camera at Anaponlis as (he naval re
serves take the oath in Dahlgren Hall following their arrival at the
United States Naval Academy for three months study under the new
ollicer training speed-up program. The men will he commissioned as
ensigns when they successfully complete this course.

A "SEA OF FACES" greets the camera at Anaponlis as (he naval re
serves take the oath in Dahlgren Hall following their arrival at the
United States Naval Academy for three months study under the new
ollicer training speed-up program. The men will he commissioned as
ensigns when they successfully complete this course.

A "SEA OF FACES" greets the camera at Anaponlis as (he naval re
serves take the oath in Dahlgren Hall following their arrival at the
United States Naval Academy for three months study under the new
ollicer training speed-up program. The men will he commissioned as
ensigns when they successfully complete this course.

A "SEA OF FACES" greets the camera at Anaponlis as (he naval re
serves take the oath in Dahlgren Hall following their arrival at the
United States Naval Academy for three months study under the new
ollicer training speed-up program. The men will he commissioned as
ensigns when they successfully complete this course.
