# GODOY TO RETIRE
## 
### 
SANTIAGO, Chile, Feb. 19 (UP).—
Arturo Godoy, Chilean heavyweight
contender, announced today he in
tends to retire from the ring after
fighting Alberto Lovell and Joe
Louis.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Feb. 19 (UP).—
Arturo Godoy, Chilean heavyweight
contender, announced today he in
tends to retire from the ring after
fighting Alberto Lovell and Joe
Louis.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Feb. 19 (UP).—
Arturo Godoy, Chilean heavyweight
contender, announced today he in
tends to retire from the ring after
fighting Alberto Lovell and Joe
Louis.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Feb. 19 (UP).—
Arturo Godoy, Chilean heavyweight
contender, announced today he in
tends to retire from the ring after
fighting Alberto Lovell and Joe
Louis.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Feb. 19 (UP).—
Arturo Godoy, Chilean heavyweight
contender, announced today he in
tends to retire from the ring after
fighting Alberto Lovell and Joe
Louis.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Feb. 19 (UP).—
Arturo Godoy, Chilean heavyweight
contender, announced today he in
tends to retire from the ring after
fighting Alberto Lovell and Joe
Louis.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Feb. 19 (UP).—
Arturo Godoy, Chilean heavyweight
contender, announced today he in
tends to retire from the ring after
fighting Alberto Lovell and Joe
Louis.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Feb. 19 (UP).—
Arturo Godoy, Chilean heavyweight
contender, announced today he in
tends to retire from the ring after
fighting Alberto Lovell and Joe
Louis.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Feb. 19 (UP).—
Arturo Godoy, Chilean heavyweight
contender, announced today he in
tends to retire from the ring after
fighting Alberto Lovell and Joe
Louis.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Feb. 19 (UP).—
Arturo Godoy, Chilean heavyweight
contender, announced today he in
tends to retire from the ring after
fighting Alberto Lovell and Joe
Louis.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Feb. 19 (UP).—
Arturo Godoy, Chilean heavyweight
contender, announced today he in
tends to retire from the ring after
fighting Alberto Lovell and Joe
Louis.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Feb. 19 (UP).—
Arturo Godoy, Chilean heavyweight
contender, announced today he in
tends to retire from the ring after
fighting Alberto Lovell and Joe
Louis.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Feb. 19 (UP).—
Arturo Godoy, Chilean heavyweight
contender, announced today he in
tends to retire from the ring after
fighting Alberto Lovell and Joe
Louis.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Feb. 19 (UP).—
Arturo Godoy, Chilean heavyweight
contender, announced today he in
tends to retire from the ring after
fighting Alberto Lovell and Joe
Louis.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Feb. 19 (UP).—
Arturo Godoy, Chilean heavyweight
contender, announced today he in
tends to retire from the ring after
fighting Alberto Lovell and Joe
Louis.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Feb. 19 (UP).—
Arturo Godoy, Chilean heavyweight
contender, announced today he in
tends to retire from the ring after
fighting Alberto Lovell and Joe
Louis.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Feb. 19 (UP).—
Arturo Godoy, Chilean heavyweight
contender, announced today he in
tends to retire from the ring after
fighting Alberto Lovell and Joe
Louis.
SANTIAGO, Chile, Feb. 19 (UP).—
Arturo Godoy, Chilean heavyweight
contender, announced today he in
tends to retire from the ring after
fighting Alberto Lovell and Joe
Louis.
