# NEGRO HISTORY GIVEN
## 
### 
Francis B. Collier, pre-med stu
dent, spoke on negro history at the
Lions Club luncheon Tuesday. His
talk was on the negro race's
achievements in science, business,
and invention.
Francis B. Collier, pre-med stu
dent, spoke on negro history at the
Lions Club luncheon Tuesday. His
talk was on the negro race's
achievements in science, business,
and invention.
Francis B. Collier, pre-med stu
dent, spoke on negro history at the
Lions Club luncheon Tuesday. His
talk was on the negro race's
achievements in science, business,
and invention.
Francis B. Collier, pre-med stu
dent, spoke on negro history at the
Lions Club luncheon Tuesday. His
talk was on the negro race's
achievements in science, business,
and invention.
Francis B. Collier, pre-med stu
dent, spoke on negro history at the
Lions Club luncheon Tuesday. His
talk was on the negro race's
achievements in science, business,
and invention.
Francis B. Collier, pre-med stu
dent, spoke on negro history at the
Lions Club luncheon Tuesday. His
talk was on the negro race's
achievements in science, business,
and invention.
Francis B. Collier, pre-med stu
dent, spoke on negro history at the
Lions Club luncheon Tuesday. His
talk was on the negro race's
achievements in science, business,
and invention.
Francis B. Collier, pre-med stu
dent, spoke on negro history at the
Lions Club luncheon Tuesday. His
talk was on the negro race's
achievements in science, business,
and invention.
Francis B. Collier, pre-med stu
dent, spoke on negro history at the
Lions Club luncheon Tuesday. His
talk was on the negro race's
achievements in science, business,
and invention.
Francis B. Collier, pre-med stu
dent, spoke on negro history at the
Lions Club luncheon Tuesday. His
talk was on the negro race's
achievements in science, business,
and invention.
Francis B. Collier, pre-med stu
dent, spoke on negro history at the
Lions Club luncheon Tuesday. His
talk was on the negro race's
achievements in science, business,
and invention.
Francis B. Collier, pre-med stu
dent, spoke on negro history at the
Lions Club luncheon Tuesday. His
talk was on the negro race's
achievements in science, business,
and invention.
Francis B. Collier, pre-med stu
dent, spoke on negro history at the
Lions Club luncheon Tuesday. His
talk was on the negro race's
achievements in science, business,
and invention.
Francis B. Collier, pre-med stu
dent, spoke on negro history at the
Lions Club luncheon Tuesday. His
talk was on the negro race's
achievements in science, business,
and invention.
Francis B. Collier, pre-med stu
dent, spoke on negro history at the
Lions Club luncheon Tuesday. His
talk was on the negro race's
achievements in science, business,
and invention.
Francis B. Collier, pre-med stu
dent, spoke on negro history at the
Lions Club luncheon Tuesday. His
talk was on the negro race's
achievements in science, business,
and invention.
Francis B. Collier, pre-med stu
dent, spoke on negro history at the
Lions Club luncheon Tuesday. His
talk was on the negro race's
achievements in science, business,
and invention.
Francis B. Collier, pre-med stu
dent, spoke on negro history at the
Lions Club luncheon Tuesday. His
talk was on the negro race's
achievements in science, business,
and invention.
