# Library Club Holds Final Meeting.
## 
### 
The final meeting of the Library
Club for the semester was held yes
terday afternoon. The recent ses
sion of the Library Association of
California was discussed. In the
evening a number of the members
assembled at the residence of Dr.
E. Fliigel in Palo Alto and exam
ined some old books and manu
scripts.
The final meeting of the Library
Club for the semester was held yes
terday afternoon. The recent ses
sion of the Library Association of
California was discussed. In the
evening a number of the members
assembled at the residence of Dr.
E. Fliigel in Palo Alto and exam
ined some old books and manu
scripts.
The final meeting of the Library
Club for the semester was held yes
terday afternoon. The recent ses
sion of the Library Association of
California was discussed. In the
evening a number of the members
assembled at the residence of Dr.
E. Fliigel in Palo Alto and exam
ined some old books and manu
scripts.
The final meeting of the Library
Club for the semester was held yes
terday afternoon. The recent ses
sion of the Library Association of
California was discussed. In the
evening a number of the members
assembled at the residence of Dr.
E. Fliigel in Palo Alto and exam
ined some old books and manu
scripts.
The final meeting of the Library
Club for the semester was held yes
terday afternoon. The recent ses
sion of the Library Association of
California was discussed. In the
evening a number of the members
assembled at the residence of Dr.
E. Fliigel in Palo Alto and exam
ined some old books and manu
scripts.
The final meeting of the Library
Club for the semester was held yes
terday afternoon. The recent ses
sion of the Library Association of
California was discussed. In the
evening a number of the members
assembled at the residence of Dr.
E. Fliigel in Palo Alto and exam
ined some old books and manu
scripts.
The final meeting of the Library
Club for the semester was held yes
terday afternoon. The recent ses
sion of the Library Association of
California was discussed. In the
evening a number of the members
assembled at the residence of Dr.
E. Fliigel in Palo Alto and exam
ined some old books and manu
scripts.
The final meeting of the Library
Club for the semester was held yes
terday afternoon. The recent ses
sion of the Library Association of
California was discussed. In the
evening a number of the members
assembled at the residence of Dr.
E. Fliigel in Palo Alto and exam
ined some old books and manu
scripts.
