# Letters Policy
## 
### 
Letters should be turned
in on a Macintosh disk in
Microsoft Word format with
a paper copy of the submis
sion, or e-mailed to:
ops@daily.stanford.edu
Letters should be turned
in on a Macintosh disk in
Microsoft Word format with
a paper copy of the submis
sion, or e-mailed to:
ops@daily.stanford.edu
Letters should be turned
in on a Macintosh disk in
Microsoft Word format with
a paper copy of the submis
sion, or e-mailed to:
ops@daily.stanford.edu
Letters should be turned
in on a Macintosh disk in
Microsoft Word format with
a paper copy of the submis
sion, or e-mailed to:
ops@daily.stanford.edu
Letters should be turned
in on a Macintosh disk in
Microsoft Word format with
a paper copy of the submis
sion, or e-mailed to:
ops@daily.stanford.edu
Letters should be turned
in on a Macintosh disk in
Microsoft Word format with
a paper copy of the submis
sion, or e-mailed to:
ops@daily.stanford.edu
Letters should be turned
in on a Macintosh disk in
Microsoft Word format with
a paper copy of the submis
sion, or e-mailed to:
ops@daily.stanford.edu
