# University Singers To Meet Tuesday
## 
### 
The University Singers will hold
(heir first rehearsal under the di
rection of Herbert Nanncy at noon
Tuesday in the choir room of Me
morial Church. There are still a
limited number of openings for
basses and tenors. Any men inter
ested in joining this small choral
group, which will specialize in sing
ing madrigals, glees, and other com
positions of an intimate nature, are
invited to the rehearsal to arrange
for a tryout with Mr. Nanncy.
The University Singers will hold
(heir first rehearsal under the di
rection of Herbert Nanncy at noon
Tuesday in the choir room of Me
morial Church. There are still a
limited number of openings for
basses and tenors. Any men inter
ested in joining this small choral
group, which will specialize in sing
ing madrigals, glees, and other com
positions of an intimate nature, are
invited to the rehearsal to arrange
for a tryout with Mr. Nanncy.
The University Singers will hold
(heir first rehearsal under the di
rection of Herbert Nanncy at noon
Tuesday in the choir room of Me
morial Church. There are still a
limited number of openings for
basses and tenors. Any men inter
ested in joining this small choral
group, which will specialize in sing
ing madrigals, glees, and other com
positions of an intimate nature, are
invited to the rehearsal to arrange
for a tryout with Mr. Nanncy.
The University Singers will hold
(heir first rehearsal under the di
rection of Herbert Nanncy at noon
Tuesday in the choir room of Me
morial Church. There are still a
limited number of openings for
basses and tenors. Any men inter
ested in joining this small choral
group, which will specialize in sing
ing madrigals, glees, and other com
positions of an intimate nature, are
invited to the rehearsal to arrange
for a tryout with Mr. Nanncy.
The University Singers will hold
(heir first rehearsal under the di
rection of Herbert Nanncy at noon
Tuesday in the choir room of Me
morial Church. There are still a
limited number of openings for
basses and tenors. Any men inter
ested in joining this small choral
group, which will specialize in sing
ing madrigals, glees, and other com
positions of an intimate nature, are
invited to the rehearsal to arrange
for a tryout with Mr. Nanncy.
The University Singers will hold
(heir first rehearsal under the di
rection of Herbert Nanncy at noon
Tuesday in the choir room of Me
morial Church. There are still a
limited number of openings for
basses and tenors. Any men inter
ested in joining this small choral
group, which will specialize in sing
ing madrigals, glees, and other com
positions of an intimate nature, are
invited to the rehearsal to arrange
for a tryout with Mr. Nanncy.
The University Singers will hold
(heir first rehearsal under the di
rection of Herbert Nanncy at noon
Tuesday in the choir room of Me
morial Church. There are still a
limited number of openings for
basses and tenors. Any men inter
ested in joining this small choral
group, which will specialize in sing
ing madrigals, glees, and other com
positions of an intimate nature, are
invited to the rehearsal to arrange
for a tryout with Mr. Nanncy.
The University Singers will hold
(heir first rehearsal under the di
rection of Herbert Nanncy at noon
Tuesday in the choir room of Me
morial Church. There are still a
limited number of openings for
basses and tenors. Any men inter
ested in joining this small choral
group, which will specialize in sing
ing madrigals, glees, and other com
positions of an intimate nature, are
invited to the rehearsal to arrange
for a tryout with Mr. Nanncy.
The University Singers will hold
(heir first rehearsal under the di
rection of Herbert Nanncy at noon
Tuesday in the choir room of Me
morial Church. There are still a
limited number of openings for
basses and tenors. Any men inter
ested in joining this small choral
group, which will specialize in sing
ing madrigals, glees, and other com
positions of an intimate nature, are
invited to the rehearsal to arrange
for a tryout with Mr. Nanncy.
The University Singers will hold
(heir first rehearsal under the di
rection of Herbert Nanncy at noon
Tuesday in the choir room of Me
morial Church. There are still a
limited number of openings for
basses and tenors. Any men inter
ested in joining this small choral
group, which will specialize in sing
ing madrigals, glees, and other com
positions of an intimate nature, are
invited to the rehearsal to arrange
for a tryout with Mr. Nanncy.
The University Singers will hold
(heir first rehearsal under the di
rection of Herbert Nanncy at noon
Tuesday in the choir room of Me
morial Church. There are still a
limited number of openings for
basses and tenors. Any men inter
ested in joining this small choral
group, which will specialize in sing
ing madrigals, glees, and other com
positions of an intimate nature, are
invited to the rehearsal to arrange
for a tryout with Mr. Nanncy.
The University Singers will hold
(heir first rehearsal under the di
rection of Herbert Nanncy at noon
Tuesday in the choir room of Me
morial Church. There are still a
limited number of openings for
basses and tenors. Any men inter
ested in joining this small choral
group, which will specialize in sing
ing madrigals, glees, and other com
positions of an intimate nature, are
invited to the rehearsal to arrange
for a tryout with Mr. Nanncy.
The University Singers will hold
(heir first rehearsal under the di
rection of Herbert Nanncy at noon
Tuesday in the choir room of Me
morial Church. There are still a
limited number of openings for
basses and tenors. Any men inter
ested in joining this small choral
group, which will specialize in sing
ing madrigals, glees, and other com
positions of an intimate nature, are
invited to the rehearsal to arrange
for a tryout with Mr. Nanncy.
The University Singers will hold
(heir first rehearsal under the di
rection of Herbert Nanncy at noon
Tuesday in the choir room of Me
morial Church. There are still a
limited number of openings for
basses and tenors. Any men inter
ested in joining this small choral
group, which will specialize in sing
ing madrigals, glees, and other com
positions of an intimate nature, are
invited to the rehearsal to arrange
for a tryout with Mr. Nanncy.
The University Singers will hold
(heir first rehearsal under the di
rection of Herbert Nanncy at noon
Tuesday in the choir room of Me
morial Church. There are still a
limited number of openings for
basses and tenors. Any men inter
ested in joining this small choral
group, which will specialize in sing
ing madrigals, glees, and other com
positions of an intimate nature, are
invited to the rehearsal to arrange
for a tryout with Mr. Nanncy.
The University Singers will hold
(heir first rehearsal under the di
rection of Herbert Nanncy at noon
Tuesday in the choir room of Me
morial Church. There are still a
limited number of openings for
basses and tenors. Any men inter
ested in joining this small choral
group, which will specialize in sing
ing madrigals, glees, and other com
positions of an intimate nature, are
invited to the rehearsal to arrange
for a tryout with Mr. Nanncy.
