# Friday Deadline For Gaieties Skits
## 
### 
Skit scripts and songs for the
Gaieties will he accepted up to
and including this Friday at the
Dramatic Manager's oflice, second
floor of the Stanford Union,
George Eckstein, director of the
show, announced yesterday.
Director Eckstein also said he
is highly satisfied with the turn
out of 113 tryoutees for the Gaie
ties. The cast will be announced
later this week in The Daily.
Skit scripts and songs for the
Gaieties will he accepted up to
and including this Friday at the
Dramatic Manager's oflice, second
floor of the Stanford Union,
George Eckstein, director of the
show, announced yesterday.
Director Eckstein also said he
is highly satisfied with the turn
out of 113 tryoutees for the Gaie
ties. The cast will be announced
later this week in The Daily.
Skit scripts and songs for the
Gaieties will he accepted up to
and including this Friday at the
Dramatic Manager's oflice, second
floor of the Stanford Union,
George Eckstein, director of the
show, announced yesterday.
Director Eckstein also said he
is highly satisfied with the turn
out of 113 tryoutees for the Gaie
ties. The cast will be announced
later this week in The Daily.
Skit scripts and songs for the
Gaieties will he accepted up to
and including this Friday at the
Dramatic Manager's oflice, second
floor of the Stanford Union,
George Eckstein, director of the
show, announced yesterday.
Director Eckstein also said he
is highly satisfied with the turn
out of 113 tryoutees for the Gaie
ties. The cast will be announced
later this week in The Daily.
Skit scripts and songs for the
Gaieties will he accepted up to
and including this Friday at the
Dramatic Manager's oflice, second
floor of the Stanford Union,
George Eckstein, director of the
show, announced yesterday.
Director Eckstein also said he
is highly satisfied with the turn
out of 113 tryoutees for the Gaie
ties. The cast will be announced
later this week in The Daily.
Skit scripts and songs for the
Gaieties will he accepted up to
and including this Friday at the
Dramatic Manager's oflice, second
floor of the Stanford Union,
George Eckstein, director of the
show, announced yesterday.
Director Eckstein also said he
is highly satisfied with the turn
out of 113 tryoutees for the Gaie
ties. The cast will be announced
later this week in The Daily.
Skit scripts and songs for the
Gaieties will he accepted up to
and including this Friday at the
Dramatic Manager's oflice, second
floor of the Stanford Union,
George Eckstein, director of the
show, announced yesterday.
Director Eckstein also said he
is highly satisfied with the turn
out of 113 tryoutees for the Gaie
ties. The cast will be announced
later this week in The Daily.
Skit scripts and songs for the
Gaieties will he accepted up to
and including this Friday at the
Dramatic Manager's oflice, second
floor of the Stanford Union,
George Eckstein, director of the
show, announced yesterday.
Director Eckstein also said he
is highly satisfied with the turn
out of 113 tryoutees for the Gaie
ties. The cast will be announced
later this week in The Daily.
Skit scripts and songs for the
Gaieties will he accepted up to
and including this Friday at the
Dramatic Manager's oflice, second
floor of the Stanford Union,
George Eckstein, director of the
show, announced yesterday.
Director Eckstein also said he
is highly satisfied with the turn
out of 113 tryoutees for the Gaie
ties. The cast will be announced
later this week in The Daily.
Skit scripts and songs for the
Gaieties will he accepted up to
and including this Friday at the
Dramatic Manager's oflice, second
floor of the Stanford Union,
George Eckstein, director of the
show, announced yesterday.
Director Eckstein also said he
is highly satisfied with the turn
out of 113 tryoutees for the Gaie
ties. The cast will be announced
later this week in The Daily.
Skit scripts and songs for the
Gaieties will he accepted up to
and including this Friday at the
Dramatic Manager's oflice, second
floor of the Stanford Union,
George Eckstein, director of the
show, announced yesterday.
Director Eckstein also said he
is highly satisfied with the turn
out of 113 tryoutees for the Gaie
ties. The cast will be announced
later this week in The Daily.
Skit scripts and songs for the
Gaieties will he accepted up to
and including this Friday at the
Dramatic Manager's oflice, second
floor of the Stanford Union,
George Eckstein, director of the
show, announced yesterday.
Director Eckstein also said he
is highly satisfied with the turn
out of 113 tryoutees for the Gaie
ties. The cast will be announced
later this week in The Daily.
Skit scripts and songs for the
Gaieties will he accepted up to
and including this Friday at the
Dramatic Manager's oflice, second
floor of the Stanford Union,
George Eckstein, director of the
show, announced yesterday.
Director Eckstein also said he
is highly satisfied with the turn
out of 113 tryoutees for the Gaie
ties. The cast will be announced
later this week in The Daily.
Skit scripts and songs for the
Gaieties will he accepted up to
and including this Friday at the
Dramatic Manager's oflice, second
floor of the Stanford Union,
George Eckstein, director of the
show, announced yesterday.
Director Eckstein also said he
is highly satisfied with the turn
out of 113 tryoutees for the Gaie
ties. The cast will be announced
later this week in The Daily.
Skit scripts and songs for the
Gaieties will he accepted up to
and including this Friday at the
Dramatic Manager's oflice, second
floor of the Stanford Union,
George Eckstein, director of the
show, announced yesterday.
Director Eckstein also said he
is highly satisfied with the turn
out of 113 tryoutees for the Gaie
ties. The cast will be announced
later this week in The Daily.
Skit scripts and songs for the
Gaieties will he accepted up to
and including this Friday at the
Dramatic Manager's oflice, second
floor of the Stanford Union,
George Eckstein, director of the
show, announced yesterday.
Director Eckstein also said he
is highly satisfied with the turn
out of 113 tryoutees for the Gaie
ties. The cast will be announced
later this week in The Daily.
