# Farm Housing Com Will Meet Today
## 
### 
Plans to help new women stu
dents become acquainted with other
women's residences will be dis
cussed at the Housing Committee
meeting this afternoon at 4:15 in
Excom room, Nancy Bannick, chair
man, announced today.
"In this way," Miss Bannick ex
plained, "the freshmen and trans
fer women will be better able to
choose their next living' groups
when they draw for rooms later in
the year."
Another member of Housing Com
mittee from Union Unit will be
chosen at the meeting, she added.
Present members of the committee
include Beth Van Hoesen, from La
gunita, Carolyn Spicer from Ven
tura, Carolyn Lane from Union
Unit, Ginny Titus, and Tish Tebbe
from the Row, and Ruth Kilpatrick
from Branner.
