# Appointments Offered To Psychology Grads
## 
### 
The Army is offering ?G appoint
ments as second lieutenants in the
active reserve to qualified graduate
students in clinical psychology and
psychophysiology.
These students, selected over a
two-year period, will continue their
professional education in the Uni
versity with full pay until they
complete their Ph.D. requirements.
Successful graduates will then be
assigned positions in the Regular
Army.
Students interested in the pro
gram should contact Dr. E. H. Hi 1 -
gard of the psychology department.
The Army is offering ?G appoint
ments as second lieutenants in the
active reserve to qualified graduate
students in clinical psychology and
psychophysiology.
These students, selected over a
two-year period, will continue their
professional education in the Uni
versity with full pay until they
complete their Ph.D. requirements.
Successful graduates will then be
assigned positions in the Regular
Army.
Students interested in the pro
gram should contact Dr. E. H. Hi 1 -
gard of the psychology department.
The Army is offering ?G appoint
ments as second lieutenants in the
active reserve to qualified graduate
students in clinical psychology and
psychophysiology.
These students, selected over a
two-year period, will continue their
professional education in the Uni
versity with full pay until they
complete their Ph.D. requirements.
Successful graduates will then be
assigned positions in the Regular
Army.
Students interested in the pro
gram should contact Dr. E. H. Hi 1 -
gard of the psychology department.
The Army is offering ?G appoint
ments as second lieutenants in the
active reserve to qualified graduate
students in clinical psychology and
psychophysiology.
These students, selected over a
two-year period, will continue their
professional education in the Uni
versity with full pay until they
complete their Ph.D. requirements.
Successful graduates will then be
assigned positions in the Regular
Army.
Students interested in the pro
gram should contact Dr. E. H. Hi 1 -
gard of the psychology department.
The Army is offering ?G appoint
ments as second lieutenants in the
active reserve to qualified graduate
students in clinical psychology and
psychophysiology.
These students, selected over a
two-year period, will continue their
professional education in the Uni
versity with full pay until they
complete their Ph.D. requirements.
Successful graduates will then be
assigned positions in the Regular
Army.
Students interested in the pro
gram should contact Dr. E. H. Hi 1 -
gard of the psychology department.
The Army is offering ?G appoint
ments as second lieutenants in the
active reserve to qualified graduate
students in clinical psychology and
psychophysiology.
These students, selected over a
two-year period, will continue their
professional education in the Uni
versity with full pay until they
complete their Ph.D. requirements.
Successful graduates will then be
assigned positions in the Regular
Army.
Students interested in the pro
gram should contact Dr. E. H. Hi 1 -
gard of the psychology department.
The Army is offering ?G appoint
ments as second lieutenants in the
active reserve to qualified graduate
students in clinical psychology and
psychophysiology.
These students, selected over a
two-year period, will continue their
professional education in the Uni
versity with full pay until they
complete their Ph.D. requirements.
Successful graduates will then be
assigned positions in the Regular
Army.
Students interested in the pro
gram should contact Dr. E. H. Hi 1 -
gard of the psychology department.
The Army is offering ?G appoint
ments as second lieutenants in the
active reserve to qualified graduate
students in clinical psychology and
psychophysiology.
These students, selected over a
two-year period, will continue their
professional education in the Uni
versity with full pay until they
complete their Ph.D. requirements.
Successful graduates will then be
assigned positions in the Regular
Army.
Students interested in the pro
gram should contact Dr. E. H. Hi 1 -
gard of the psychology department.
The Army is offering ?G appoint
ments as second lieutenants in the
active reserve to qualified graduate
students in clinical psychology and
psychophysiology.
These students, selected over a
two-year period, will continue their
professional education in the Uni
versity with full pay until they
complete their Ph.D. requirements.
Successful graduates will then be
assigned positions in the Regular
Army.
Students interested in the pro
gram should contact Dr. E. H. Hi 1 -
gard of the psychology department.
The Army is offering ?G appoint
ments as second lieutenants in the
active reserve to qualified graduate
students in clinical psychology and
psychophysiology.
These students, selected over a
two-year period, will continue their
professional education in the Uni
versity with full pay until they
complete their Ph.D. requirements.
Successful graduates will then be
assigned positions in the Regular
Army.
Students interested in the pro
gram should contact Dr. E. H. Hi 1 -
gard of the psychology department.
The Army is offering ?G appoint
ments as second lieutenants in the
active reserve to qualified graduate
students in clinical psychology and
psychophysiology.
These students, selected over a
two-year period, will continue their
professional education in the Uni
versity with full pay until they
complete their Ph.D. requirements.
Successful graduates will then be
assigned positions in the Regular
Army.
Students interested in the pro
gram should contact Dr. E. H. Hi 1 -
gard of the psychology department.
The Army is offering ?G appoint
ments as second lieutenants in the
active reserve to qualified graduate
students in clinical psychology and
psychophysiology.
These students, selected over a
two-year period, will continue their
professional education in the Uni
versity with full pay until they
complete their Ph.D. requirements.
Successful graduates will then be
assigned positions in the Regular
Army.
Students interested in the pro
gram should contact Dr. E. H. Hi 1 -
gard of the psychology department.
The Army is offering ?G appoint
ments as second lieutenants in the
active reserve to qualified graduate
students in clinical psychology and
psychophysiology.
These students, selected over a
two-year period, will continue their
professional education in the Uni
versity with full pay until they
complete their Ph.D. requirements.
Successful graduates will then be
assigned positions in the Regular
Army.
Students interested in the pro
gram should contact Dr. E. H. Hi 1 -
gard of the psychology department.
The Army is offering ?G appoint
ments as second lieutenants in the
active reserve to qualified graduate
students in clinical psychology and
psychophysiology.
These students, selected over a
two-year period, will continue their
professional education in the Uni
versity with full pay until they
complete their Ph.D. requirements.
Successful graduates will then be
assigned positions in the Regular
Army.
Students interested in the pro
gram should contact Dr. E. H. Hi 1 -
gard of the psychology department.
