# Ram's Head Elects Hay As Next Year's Prexy
## 
### 
Ram's Head, student dramatic or
ganization, elected next year's offi
cers at a meeting held Wednesday, j
are as follows:
President. Dick Hay: vice-presi
dent, Mellon Alabaster; secretary,
Ann Guilhert; treasurer. Jane Mc- j
Arthur; social chairman. Barbara j
Cox, and publicity director, Frank
Wolff. The position ot publicity di
rector is a new elective office.
Ram's Head, student dramatic or
ganization, elected next year's offi
cers at a meeting held Wednesday, j
are as follows:
President. Dick Hay: vice-presi
dent, Mellon Alabaster; secretary,
Ann Guilhert; treasurer. Jane Mc- j
Arthur; social chairman. Barbara j
Cox, and publicity director, Frank
Wolff. The position ot publicity di
rector is a new elective office.
Ram's Head, student dramatic or
ganization, elected next year's offi
cers at a meeting held Wednesday, j
are as follows:
President. Dick Hay: vice-presi
dent, Mellon Alabaster; secretary,
Ann Guilhert; treasurer. Jane Mc- j
Arthur; social chairman. Barbara j
Cox, and publicity director, Frank
Wolff. The position ot publicity di
rector is a new elective office.
Ram's Head, student dramatic or
ganization, elected next year's offi
cers at a meeting held Wednesday, j
are as follows:
President. Dick Hay: vice-presi
dent, Mellon Alabaster; secretary,
Ann Guilhert; treasurer. Jane Mc- j
Arthur; social chairman. Barbara j
Cox, and publicity director, Frank
Wolff. The position ot publicity di
rector is a new elective office.
Ram's Head, student dramatic or
ganization, elected next year's offi
cers at a meeting held Wednesday, j
are as follows:
President. Dick Hay: vice-presi
dent, Mellon Alabaster; secretary,
Ann Guilhert; treasurer. Jane Mc- j
Arthur; social chairman. Barbara j
Cox, and publicity director, Frank
Wolff. The position ot publicity di
rector is a new elective office.
Ram's Head, student dramatic or
ganization, elected next year's offi
cers at a meeting held Wednesday, j
are as follows:
President. Dick Hay: vice-presi
dent, Mellon Alabaster; secretary,
Ann Guilhert; treasurer. Jane Mc- j
Arthur; social chairman. Barbara j
Cox, and publicity director, Frank
Wolff. The position ot publicity di
rector is a new elective office.
Ram's Head, student dramatic or
ganization, elected next year's offi
cers at a meeting held Wednesday, j
are as follows:
President. Dick Hay: vice-presi
dent, Mellon Alabaster; secretary,
Ann Guilhert; treasurer. Jane Mc- j
Arthur; social chairman. Barbara j
Cox, and publicity director, Frank
Wolff. The position ot publicity di
rector is a new elective office.
Ram's Head, student dramatic or
ganization, elected next year's offi
cers at a meeting held Wednesday, j
are as follows:
President. Dick Hay: vice-presi
dent, Mellon Alabaster; secretary,
Ann Guilhert; treasurer. Jane Mc- j
Arthur; social chairman. Barbara j
Cox, and publicity director, Frank
Wolff. The position ot publicity di
rector is a new elective office.
Ram's Head, student dramatic or
ganization, elected next year's offi
cers at a meeting held Wednesday, j
are as follows:
President. Dick Hay: vice-presi
dent, Mellon Alabaster; secretary,
Ann Guilhert; treasurer. Jane Mc- j
Arthur; social chairman. Barbara j
Cox, and publicity director, Frank
Wolff. The position ot publicity di
rector is a new elective office.
Ram's Head, student dramatic or
ganization, elected next year's offi
cers at a meeting held Wednesday, j
are as follows:
President. Dick Hay: vice-presi
dent, Mellon Alabaster; secretary,
Ann Guilhert; treasurer. Jane Mc- j
Arthur; social chairman. Barbara j
Cox, and publicity director, Frank
Wolff. The position ot publicity di
rector is a new elective office.
Ram's Head, student dramatic or
ganization, elected next year's offi
cers at a meeting held Wednesday, j
are as follows:
President. Dick Hay: vice-presi
dent, Mellon Alabaster; secretary,
Ann Guilhert; treasurer. Jane Mc- j
Arthur; social chairman. Barbara j
Cox, and publicity director, Frank
Wolff. The position ot publicity di
rector is a new elective office.
Ram's Head, student dramatic or
ganization, elected next year's offi
cers at a meeting held Wednesday, j
are as follows:
President. Dick Hay: vice-presi
dent, Mellon Alabaster; secretary,
Ann Guilhert; treasurer. Jane Mc- j
Arthur; social chairman. Barbara j
Cox, and publicity director, Frank
Wolff. The position ot publicity di
rector is a new elective office.
Ram's Head, student dramatic or
ganization, elected next year's offi
cers at a meeting held Wednesday, j
are as follows:
President. Dick Hay: vice-presi
dent, Mellon Alabaster; secretary,
Ann Guilhert; treasurer. Jane Mc- j
Arthur; social chairman. Barbara j
Cox, and publicity director, Frank
Wolff. The position ot publicity di
rector is a new elective office.
Ram's Head, student dramatic or
ganization, elected next year's offi
cers at a meeting held Wednesday, j
are as follows:
President. Dick Hay: vice-presi
dent, Mellon Alabaster; secretary,
Ann Guilhert; treasurer. Jane Mc- j
Arthur; social chairman. Barbara j
Cox, and publicity director, Frank
Wolff. The position ot publicity di
rector is a new elective office.
