# EL CAPITAN ELECTIONS
## 
### 
Ei Capitan Eating Club held its
elections last Monday night for next
year. Haycen Smith was elected
president. Also elected were Jim
Andersen, vice-president, and Nick
Zieg ie r, sec re ta ry-treasurer.
Ei Capitan Eating Club held its
elections last Monday night for next
year. Haycen Smith was elected
president. Also elected were Jim
Andersen, vice-president, and Nick
Zieg ie r, sec re ta ry-treasurer.
Ei Capitan Eating Club held its
elections last Monday night for next
year. Haycen Smith was elected
president. Also elected were Jim
Andersen, vice-president, and Nick
Zieg ie r, sec re ta ry-treasurer.
Ei Capitan Eating Club held its
elections last Monday night for next
year. Haycen Smith was elected
president. Also elected were Jim
Andersen, vice-president, and Nick
Zieg ie r, sec re ta ry-treasurer.
Ei Capitan Eating Club held its
elections last Monday night for next
year. Haycen Smith was elected
president. Also elected were Jim
Andersen, vice-president, and Nick
Zieg ie r, sec re ta ry-treasurer.
Ei Capitan Eating Club held its
elections last Monday night for next
year. Haycen Smith was elected
president. Also elected were Jim
Andersen, vice-president, and Nick
Zieg ie r, sec re ta ry-treasurer.
Ei Capitan Eating Club held its
elections last Monday night for next
year. Haycen Smith was elected
president. Also elected were Jim
Andersen, vice-president, and Nick
Zieg ie r, sec re ta ry-treasurer.
Ei Capitan Eating Club held its
elections last Monday night for next
year. Haycen Smith was elected
president. Also elected were Jim
Andersen, vice-president, and Nick
Zieg ie r, sec re ta ry-treasurer.
Ei Capitan Eating Club held its
elections last Monday night for next
year. Haycen Smith was elected
president. Also elected were Jim
Andersen, vice-president, and Nick
Zieg ie r, sec re ta ry-treasurer.
Ei Capitan Eating Club held its
elections last Monday night for next
year. Haycen Smith was elected
president. Also elected were Jim
Andersen, vice-president, and Nick
Zieg ie r, sec re ta ry-treasurer.
Ei Capitan Eating Club held its
elections last Monday night for next
year. Haycen Smith was elected
president. Also elected were Jim
Andersen, vice-president, and Nick
Zieg ie r, sec re ta ry-treasurer.
Ei Capitan Eating Club held its
elections last Monday night for next
year. Haycen Smith was elected
president. Also elected were Jim
Andersen, vice-president, and Nick
Zieg ie r, sec re ta ry-treasurer.
Ei Capitan Eating Club held its
elections last Monday night for next
year. Haycen Smith was elected
president. Also elected were Jim
Andersen, vice-president, and Nick
Zieg ie r, sec re ta ry-treasurer.
Ei Capitan Eating Club held its
elections last Monday night for next
year. Haycen Smith was elected
president. Also elected were Jim
Andersen, vice-president, and Nick
Zieg ie r, sec re ta ry-treasurer.
