# CARDINALS TRIOUTS
## 
### 
Try outs for Cardinals will be held
ni the Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m.
today.
Try outs for Cardinals will be held
ni the Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m.
today.
Try outs for Cardinals will be held
ni the Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m.
today.
Try outs for Cardinals will be held
ni the Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m.
today.
Try outs for Cardinals will be held
ni the Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m.
today.
Try outs for Cardinals will be held
ni the Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m.
today.
Try outs for Cardinals will be held
ni the Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m.
today.
Try outs for Cardinals will be held
ni the Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m.
today.
Try outs for Cardinals will be held
ni the Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m.
today.
Try outs for Cardinals will be held
ni the Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m.
today.
Try outs for Cardinals will be held
ni the Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m.
today.
Try outs for Cardinals will be held
ni the Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m.
today.
Try outs for Cardinals will be held
ni the Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m.
today.
Try outs for Cardinals will be held
ni the Excom room from 3 to 5 p.m.
today.
