# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Announcement has been made of
the engagement of Garth Sweet
nam, '49. to June Fisher, '47.
Announcement has been made of
the engagement of Garth Sweet
nam, '49. to June Fisher, '47.
Announcement has been made of
the engagement of Garth Sweet
nam, '49. to June Fisher, '47.
Announcement has been made of
the engagement of Garth Sweet
nam, '49. to June Fisher, '47.
Announcement has been made of
the engagement of Garth Sweet
nam, '49. to June Fisher, '47.
Announcement has been made of
the engagement of Garth Sweet
nam, '49. to June Fisher, '47.
Announcement has been made of
the engagement of Garth Sweet
nam, '49. to June Fisher, '47.
Announcement has been made of
the engagement of Garth Sweet
nam, '49. to June Fisher, '47.
Announcement has been made of
the engagement of Garth Sweet
nam, '49. to June Fisher, '47.
Announcement has been made of
the engagement of Garth Sweet
nam, '49. to June Fisher, '47.
Announcement has been made of
the engagement of Garth Sweet
nam, '49. to June Fisher, '47.
Announcement has been made of
the engagement of Garth Sweet
nam, '49. to June Fisher, '47.
Announcement has been made of
the engagement of Garth Sweet
nam, '49. to June Fisher, '47.
Announcement has been made of
the engagement of Garth Sweet
nam, '49. to June Fisher, '47.
