# SEAT SALE IS HEAVY FOR "AN IDEAL HUSBAND."
## 
### 
Expectations of a finished produc
tion of "An fdeal Husband" brought
forth a heavy seat sale today. Long
before the set time for the box-office
to open a long line waited in turn to
get the tickets for the evening of
September 27.
In this play from the pen of Oscar
Wilde many opportunities for clever
work are offered to the cast. It is on
these openings that Coach F. L. Ma
thieu has been expending special
stress and time, with the result that
the piece has been already rounded
into shape.
Mathieu has expressed himself more
than pleased with the results obtained
and promises a swiftly moving comedy
on the evening of the presnetation.
"An Ideal Husband" will not be re
peated on Saturday evening as is the
custom of the Junior Operas. From
the interest taken in this play and
outlook from the seat sale it would
seem advisable to give a second pro
duction, but this the English Club
positively refuses to do. Friday even
ing will be the only time that this
play can be witnessed on the Assembly
Hall stage.
