# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In preparation for the basketball
contest with California on Friday
evening bleachers are being erected
in Eneina gymnasium to accommodate
the spectators.
In preparation for the basketball
contest with California on Friday
evening bleachers are being erected
in Eneina gymnasium to accommodate
the spectators.
In preparation for the basketball
contest with California on Friday
evening bleachers are being erected
in Eneina gymnasium to accommodate
the spectators.
In preparation for the basketball
contest with California on Friday
evening bleachers are being erected
in Eneina gymnasium to accommodate
the spectators.
In preparation for the basketball
contest with California on Friday
evening bleachers are being erected
in Eneina gymnasium to accommodate
the spectators.
In preparation for the basketball
contest with California on Friday
evening bleachers are being erected
in Eneina gymnasium to accommodate
the spectators.
In preparation for the basketball
contest with California on Friday
evening bleachers are being erected
in Eneina gymnasium to accommodate
the spectators.
In preparation for the basketball
contest with California on Friday
evening bleachers are being erected
in Eneina gymnasium to accommodate
the spectators.
In preparation for the basketball
contest with California on Friday
evening bleachers are being erected
in Eneina gymnasium to accommodate
the spectators.
In preparation for the basketball
contest with California on Friday
evening bleachers are being erected
in Eneina gymnasium to accommodate
the spectators.
In preparation for the basketball
contest with California on Friday
evening bleachers are being erected
in Eneina gymnasium to accommodate
the spectators.
In preparation for the basketball
contest with California on Friday
evening bleachers are being erected
in Eneina gymnasium to accommodate
the spectators.
In preparation for the basketball
contest with California on Friday
evening bleachers are being erected
in Eneina gymnasium to accommodate
the spectators.
In preparation for the basketball
contest with California on Friday
evening bleachers are being erected
in Eneina gymnasium to accommodate
the spectators.
