# WORLD ECONOMIST WILL SPEAK HERE NEXT WEDNESDAY
## 
### 
Professor Alonzo Englebert Taylor,
declared by Herbert Hoover to know
more about,food than any other man,
will be the speaker at a University as
sembly to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11 o'clock. Mr.
Taylor was one of Hoover's chief assist
ants in the Food Administration work
during the war and comes to Stanford
with the reputation of knowing more
about food conditions in Europe, both
before America entered the war and
after, than any one else who was con
nected with that work.
Before the United States entered the
war, Professor Taylor made an investi
gation of prisoners of war in Germany.
When this countn entered the war,
Professor Taylor became associted with
the Food Administration, and made sev
eral trips to the continent in connection
with his work. His work placed him in
the rank of a world economist.
Professor Taylor is from the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, where he is con
nected with the Department of Physio
logical Chemistry. He was professor of
pathology at the University of Califor
nia in 1909-10.
Professor Alonzo Englebert Taylor,
declared by Herbert Hoover to know
more about,food than any other man,
will be the speaker at a University as
sembly to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11 o'clock. Mr.
Taylor was one of Hoover's chief assist
ants in the Food Administration work
during the war and comes to Stanford
with the reputation of knowing more
about food conditions in Europe, both
before America entered the war and
after, than any one else who was con
nected with that work.
Before the United States entered the
war, Professor Taylor made an investi
gation of prisoners of war in Germany.
When this countn entered the war,
Professor Taylor became associted with
the Food Administration, and made sev
eral trips to the continent in connection
with his work. His work placed him in
the rank of a world economist.
Professor Taylor is from the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, where he is con
nected with the Department of Physio
logical Chemistry. He was professor of
pathology at the University of Califor
nia in 1909-10.
Professor Alonzo Englebert Taylor,
declared by Herbert Hoover to know
more about,food than any other man,
will be the speaker at a University as
sembly to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11 o'clock. Mr.
Taylor was one of Hoover's chief assist
ants in the Food Administration work
during the war and comes to Stanford
with the reputation of knowing more
about food conditions in Europe, both
before America entered the war and
after, than any one else who was con
nected with that work.
Before the United States entered the
war, Professor Taylor made an investi
gation of prisoners of war in Germany.
When this countn entered the war,
Professor Taylor became associted with
the Food Administration, and made sev
eral trips to the continent in connection
with his work. His work placed him in
the rank of a world economist.
Professor Taylor is from the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, where he is con
nected with the Department of Physio
logical Chemistry. He was professor of
pathology at the University of Califor
nia in 1909-10.
Professor Alonzo Englebert Taylor,
declared by Herbert Hoover to know
more about,food than any other man,
will be the speaker at a University as
sembly to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11 o'clock. Mr.
Taylor was one of Hoover's chief assist
ants in the Food Administration work
during the war and comes to Stanford
with the reputation of knowing more
about food conditions in Europe, both
before America entered the war and
after, than any one else who was con
nected with that work.
Before the United States entered the
war, Professor Taylor made an investi
gation of prisoners of war in Germany.
When this countn entered the war,
Professor Taylor became associted with
the Food Administration, and made sev
eral trips to the continent in connection
with his work. His work placed him in
the rank of a world economist.
Professor Taylor is from the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, where he is con
nected with the Department of Physio
logical Chemistry. He was professor of
pathology at the University of Califor
nia in 1909-10.
Professor Alonzo Englebert Taylor,
declared by Herbert Hoover to know
more about,food than any other man,
will be the speaker at a University as
sembly to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11 o'clock. Mr.
Taylor was one of Hoover's chief assist
ants in the Food Administration work
during the war and comes to Stanford
with the reputation of knowing more
about food conditions in Europe, both
before America entered the war and
after, than any one else who was con
nected with that work.
Before the United States entered the
war, Professor Taylor made an investi
gation of prisoners of war in Germany.
When this countn entered the war,
Professor Taylor became associted with
the Food Administration, and made sev
eral trips to the continent in connection
with his work. His work placed him in
the rank of a world economist.
Professor Taylor is from the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, where he is con
nected with the Department of Physio
logical Chemistry. He was professor of
pathology at the University of Califor
nia in 1909-10.
Professor Alonzo Englebert Taylor,
declared by Herbert Hoover to know
more about,food than any other man,
will be the speaker at a University as
sembly to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11 o'clock. Mr.
Taylor was one of Hoover's chief assist
ants in the Food Administration work
during the war and comes to Stanford
with the reputation of knowing more
about food conditions in Europe, both
before America entered the war and
after, than any one else who was con
nected with that work.
Before the United States entered the
war, Professor Taylor made an investi
gation of prisoners of war in Germany.
When this countn entered the war,
Professor Taylor became associted with
the Food Administration, and made sev
eral trips to the continent in connection
with his work. His work placed him in
the rank of a world economist.
Professor Taylor is from the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, where he is con
nected with the Department of Physio
logical Chemistry. He was professor of
pathology at the University of Califor
nia in 1909-10.
Professor Alonzo Englebert Taylor,
declared by Herbert Hoover to know
more about,food than any other man,
will be the speaker at a University as
sembly to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11 o'clock. Mr.
Taylor was one of Hoover's chief assist
ants in the Food Administration work
during the war and comes to Stanford
with the reputation of knowing more
about food conditions in Europe, both
before America entered the war and
after, than any one else who was con
nected with that work.
Before the United States entered the
war, Professor Taylor made an investi
gation of prisoners of war in Germany.
When this countn entered the war,
Professor Taylor became associted with
the Food Administration, and made sev
eral trips to the continent in connection
with his work. His work placed him in
the rank of a world economist.
Professor Taylor is from the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, where he is con
nected with the Department of Physio
logical Chemistry. He was professor of
pathology at the University of Califor
nia in 1909-10.
Professor Alonzo Englebert Taylor,
declared by Herbert Hoover to know
more about,food than any other man,
will be the speaker at a University as
sembly to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11 o'clock. Mr.
Taylor was one of Hoover's chief assist
ants in the Food Administration work
during the war and comes to Stanford
with the reputation of knowing more
about food conditions in Europe, both
before America entered the war and
after, than any one else who was con
nected with that work.
Before the United States entered the
war, Professor Taylor made an investi
gation of prisoners of war in Germany.
When this countn entered the war,
Professor Taylor became associted with
the Food Administration, and made sev
eral trips to the continent in connection
with his work. His work placed him in
the rank of a world economist.
Professor Taylor is from the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, where he is con
nected with the Department of Physio
logical Chemistry. He was professor of
pathology at the University of Califor
nia in 1909-10.
Professor Alonzo Englebert Taylor,
declared by Herbert Hoover to know
more about,food than any other man,
will be the speaker at a University as
sembly to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11 o'clock. Mr.
Taylor was one of Hoover's chief assist
ants in the Food Administration work
during the war and comes to Stanford
with the reputation of knowing more
about food conditions in Europe, both
before America entered the war and
after, than any one else who was con
nected with that work.
Before the United States entered the
war, Professor Taylor made an investi
gation of prisoners of war in Germany.
When this countn entered the war,
Professor Taylor became associted with
the Food Administration, and made sev
eral trips to the continent in connection
with his work. His work placed him in
the rank of a world economist.
Professor Taylor is from the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, where he is con
nected with the Department of Physio
logical Chemistry. He was professor of
pathology at the University of Califor
nia in 1909-10.
Professor Alonzo Englebert Taylor,
declared by Herbert Hoover to know
more about,food than any other man,
will be the speaker at a University as
sembly to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11 o'clock. Mr.
Taylor was one of Hoover's chief assist
ants in the Food Administration work
during the war and comes to Stanford
with the reputation of knowing more
about food conditions in Europe, both
before America entered the war and
after, than any one else who was con
nected with that work.
Before the United States entered the
war, Professor Taylor made an investi
gation of prisoners of war in Germany.
When this countn entered the war,
Professor Taylor became associted with
the Food Administration, and made sev
eral trips to the continent in connection
with his work. His work placed him in
the rank of a world economist.
Professor Taylor is from the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, where he is con
nected with the Department of Physio
logical Chemistry. He was professor of
pathology at the University of Califor
nia in 1909-10.
Professor Alonzo Englebert Taylor,
declared by Herbert Hoover to know
more about,food than any other man,
will be the speaker at a University as
sembly to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11 o'clock. Mr.
Taylor was one of Hoover's chief assist
ants in the Food Administration work
during the war and comes to Stanford
with the reputation of knowing more
about food conditions in Europe, both
before America entered the war and
after, than any one else who was con
nected with that work.
Before the United States entered the
war, Professor Taylor made an investi
gation of prisoners of war in Germany.
When this countn entered the war,
Professor Taylor became associted with
the Food Administration, and made sev
eral trips to the continent in connection
with his work. His work placed him in
the rank of a world economist.
Professor Taylor is from the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, where he is con
nected with the Department of Physio
logical Chemistry. He was professor of
pathology at the University of Califor
nia in 1909-10.
Professor Alonzo Englebert Taylor,
declared by Herbert Hoover to know
more about,food than any other man,
will be the speaker at a University as
sembly to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11 o'clock. Mr.
Taylor was one of Hoover's chief assist
ants in the Food Administration work
during the war and comes to Stanford
with the reputation of knowing more
about food conditions in Europe, both
before America entered the war and
after, than any one else who was con
nected with that work.
Before the United States entered the
war, Professor Taylor made an investi
gation of prisoners of war in Germany.
When this countn entered the war,
Professor Taylor became associted with
the Food Administration, and made sev
eral trips to the continent in connection
with his work. His work placed him in
the rank of a world economist.
Professor Taylor is from the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, where he is con
nected with the Department of Physio
logical Chemistry. He was professor of
pathology at the University of Califor
nia in 1909-10.
Professor Alonzo Englebert Taylor,
declared by Herbert Hoover to know
more about,food than any other man,
will be the speaker at a University as
sembly to be held in Assembly Hall next
Wednesday morning at 11 o'clock. Mr.
Taylor was one of Hoover's chief assist
ants in the Food Administration work
during the war and comes to Stanford
with the reputation of knowing more
about food conditions in Europe, both
before America entered the war and
after, than any one else who was con
nected with that work.
Before the United States entered the
war, Professor Taylor made an investi
gation of prisoners of war in Germany.
When this countn entered the war,
Professor Taylor became associted with
the Food Administration, and made sev
eral trips to the continent in connection
with his work. His work placed him in
the rank of a world economist.
Professor Taylor is from the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania, where he is con
nected with the Department of Physio
logical Chemistry. He was professor of
pathology at the University of Califor
nia in 1909-10.
