# SENDS LETTER OF THANKS.
## Judge Silent. Expresses Appreciation For Assistance Rendered By Student Body. 
### 
Secretary C. L. Severy, '08, of the
Associated Students, received a let
ter this afternoon from Judge
Charles Silent, of Los Angeles, fa
ther of Chester Silent, the deceased
student. In the communication,
Judge Silent feelingly expresses his
appreciation of the sympathy and
consolation that was extended to him
and Mrs. Silent through the letter
sent them by the Executive Commit
tee on behalf of the Student Body.
Judge Silent wishes to convey his
thanks to the members of the Stu
dent Body for their assistance ren
dered during the search for his son.
Secretary C. L. Severy, '08, of the
Associated Students, received a let
ter this afternoon from Judge
Charles Silent, of Los Angeles, fa
ther of Chester Silent, the deceased
student. In the communication,
Judge Silent feelingly expresses his
appreciation of the sympathy and
consolation that was extended to him
and Mrs. Silent through the letter
sent them by the Executive Commit
tee on behalf of the Student Body.
Judge Silent wishes to convey his
thanks to the members of the Stu
dent Body for their assistance ren
dered during the search for his son.
Secretary C. L. Severy, '08, of the
Associated Students, received a let
ter this afternoon from Judge
Charles Silent, of Los Angeles, fa
ther of Chester Silent, the deceased
student. In the communication,
Judge Silent feelingly expresses his
appreciation of the sympathy and
consolation that was extended to him
and Mrs. Silent through the letter
sent them by the Executive Commit
tee on behalf of the Student Body.
Judge Silent wishes to convey his
thanks to the members of the Stu
dent Body for their assistance ren
dered during the search for his son.
Secretary C. L. Severy, '08, of the
Associated Students, received a let
ter this afternoon from Judge
Charles Silent, of Los Angeles, fa
ther of Chester Silent, the deceased
student. In the communication,
Judge Silent feelingly expresses his
appreciation of the sympathy and
consolation that was extended to him
and Mrs. Silent through the letter
sent them by the Executive Commit
tee on behalf of the Student Body.
Judge Silent wishes to convey his
thanks to the members of the Stu
dent Body for their assistance ren
dered during the search for his son.
Secretary C. L. Severy, '08, of the
Associated Students, received a let
ter this afternoon from Judge
Charles Silent, of Los Angeles, fa
ther of Chester Silent, the deceased
student. In the communication,
Judge Silent feelingly expresses his
appreciation of the sympathy and
consolation that was extended to him
and Mrs. Silent through the letter
sent them by the Executive Commit
tee on behalf of the Student Body.
Judge Silent wishes to convey his
thanks to the members of the Stu
dent Body for their assistance ren
dered during the search for his son.
Secretary C. L. Severy, '08, of the
Associated Students, received a let
ter this afternoon from Judge
Charles Silent, of Los Angeles, fa
ther of Chester Silent, the deceased
student. In the communication,
Judge Silent feelingly expresses his
appreciation of the sympathy and
consolation that was extended to him
and Mrs. Silent through the letter
sent them by the Executive Commit
tee on behalf of the Student Body.
Judge Silent wishes to convey his
thanks to the members of the Stu
dent Body for their assistance ren
dered during the search for his son.
Secretary C. L. Severy, '08, of the
Associated Students, received a let
ter this afternoon from Judge
Charles Silent, of Los Angeles, fa
ther of Chester Silent, the deceased
student. In the communication,
Judge Silent feelingly expresses his
appreciation of the sympathy and
consolation that was extended to him
and Mrs. Silent through the letter
sent them by the Executive Commit
tee on behalf of the Student Body.
Judge Silent wishes to convey his
thanks to the members of the Stu
dent Body for their assistance ren
dered during the search for his son.
Secretary C. L. Severy, '08, of the
Associated Students, received a let
ter this afternoon from Judge
Charles Silent, of Los Angeles, fa
ther of Chester Silent, the deceased
student. In the communication,
Judge Silent feelingly expresses his
appreciation of the sympathy and
consolation that was extended to him
and Mrs. Silent through the letter
sent them by the Executive Commit
tee on behalf of the Student Body.
Judge Silent wishes to convey his
thanks to the members of the Stu
dent Body for their assistance ren
dered during the search for his son.
Secretary C. L. Severy, '08, of the
Associated Students, received a let
ter this afternoon from Judge
Charles Silent, of Los Angeles, fa
ther of Chester Silent, the deceased
student. In the communication,
Judge Silent feelingly expresses his
appreciation of the sympathy and
consolation that was extended to him
and Mrs. Silent through the letter
sent them by the Executive Commit
tee on behalf of the Student Body.
Judge Silent wishes to convey his
thanks to the members of the Stu
dent Body for their assistance ren
dered during the search for his son.
