# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Attention is called to the action
taken last evening by the Executive
Committee in regard to the promis
cuous use of the Varsity S on watch
fobs, suit cases, etc. The committee
asks through its resolution that mem
bers of the Student Body who are
not entitled to wear the emblem will
refrain from placing it on their jew
elry or other personal belongings.
It seems highly improbable that any
man would deliberately place tlie
block S on any of his property when
he is not entitled to do so. The
cases where such a thing has been
done are undoubtedly the result of
carelessness, but they are none the
less to be frowned upon and care
should be taken in the future that
no infringements of this unwritten
law occur. It is at once apparent
that if the evil complained of grows
to any large proportions it will have
the effect of destroying the signifi
cance of the varsity emblem.
Attention is called to the action
taken last evening by the Executive
Committee in regard to the promis
cuous use of the Varsity S on watch
fobs, suit cases, etc. The committee
asks through its resolution that mem
bers of the Student Body who are
not entitled to wear the emblem will
refrain from placing it on their jew
elry or other personal belongings.
It seems highly improbable that any
man would deliberately place tlie
block S on any of his property when
he is not entitled to do so. The
cases where such a thing has been
done are undoubtedly the result of
carelessness, but they are none the
less to be frowned upon and care
should be taken in the future that
no infringements of this unwritten
law occur. It is at once apparent
that if the evil complained of grows
to any large proportions it will have
the effect of destroying the signifi
cance of the varsity emblem.
Attention is called to the action
taken last evening by the Executive
Committee in regard to the promis
cuous use of the Varsity S on watch
fobs, suit cases, etc. The committee
asks through its resolution that mem
bers of the Student Body who are
not entitled to wear the emblem will
refrain from placing it on their jew
elry or other personal belongings.
It seems highly improbable that any
man would deliberately place tlie
block S on any of his property when
he is not entitled to do so. The
cases where such a thing has been
done are undoubtedly the result of
carelessness, but they are none the
less to be frowned upon and care
should be taken in the future that
no infringements of this unwritten
law occur. It is at once apparent
that if the evil complained of grows
to any large proportions it will have
the effect of destroying the signifi
cance of the varsity emblem.
Attention is called to the action
taken last evening by the Executive
Committee in regard to the promis
cuous use of the Varsity S on watch
fobs, suit cases, etc. The committee
asks through its resolution that mem
bers of the Student Body who are
not entitled to wear the emblem will
refrain from placing it on their jew
elry or other personal belongings.
It seems highly improbable that any
man would deliberately place tlie
block S on any of his property when
he is not entitled to do so. The
cases where such a thing has been
done are undoubtedly the result of
carelessness, but they are none the
less to be frowned upon and care
should be taken in the future that
no infringements of this unwritten
law occur. It is at once apparent
that if the evil complained of grows
to any large proportions it will have
the effect of destroying the signifi
cance of the varsity emblem.
Attention is called to the action
taken last evening by the Executive
Committee in regard to the promis
cuous use of the Varsity S on watch
fobs, suit cases, etc. The committee
asks through its resolution that mem
bers of the Student Body who are
not entitled to wear the emblem will
refrain from placing it on their jew
elry or other personal belongings.
It seems highly improbable that any
man would deliberately place tlie
block S on any of his property when
he is not entitled to do so. The
cases where such a thing has been
done are undoubtedly the result of
carelessness, but they are none the
less to be frowned upon and care
should be taken in the future that
no infringements of this unwritten
law occur. It is at once apparent
that if the evil complained of grows
to any large proportions it will have
the effect of destroying the signifi
cance of the varsity emblem.
Attention is called to the action
taken last evening by the Executive
Committee in regard to the promis
cuous use of the Varsity S on watch
fobs, suit cases, etc. The committee
asks through its resolution that mem
bers of the Student Body who are
not entitled to wear the emblem will
refrain from placing it on their jew
elry or other personal belongings.
It seems highly improbable that any
man would deliberately place tlie
block S on any of his property when
he is not entitled to do so. The
cases where such a thing has been
done are undoubtedly the result of
carelessness, but they are none the
less to be frowned upon and care
should be taken in the future that
no infringements of this unwritten
law occur. It is at once apparent
that if the evil complained of grows
to any large proportions it will have
the effect of destroying the signifi
cance of the varsity emblem.
Attention is called to the action
taken last evening by the Executive
Committee in regard to the promis
cuous use of the Varsity S on watch
fobs, suit cases, etc. The committee
asks through its resolution that mem
bers of the Student Body who are
not entitled to wear the emblem will
refrain from placing it on their jew
elry or other personal belongings.
It seems highly improbable that any
man would deliberately place tlie
block S on any of his property when
he is not entitled to do so. The
cases where such a thing has been
done are undoubtedly the result of
carelessness, but they are none the
less to be frowned upon and care
should be taken in the future that
no infringements of this unwritten
law occur. It is at once apparent
that if the evil complained of grows
to any large proportions it will have
the effect of destroying the signifi
cance of the varsity emblem.
Attention is called to the action
taken last evening by the Executive
Committee in regard to the promis
cuous use of the Varsity S on watch
fobs, suit cases, etc. The committee
asks through its resolution that mem
bers of the Student Body who are
not entitled to wear the emblem will
refrain from placing it on their jew
elry or other personal belongings.
It seems highly improbable that any
man would deliberately place tlie
block S on any of his property when
he is not entitled to do so. The
cases where such a thing has been
done are undoubtedly the result of
carelessness, but they are none the
less to be frowned upon and care
should be taken in the future that
no infringements of this unwritten
law occur. It is at once apparent
that if the evil complained of grows
to any large proportions it will have
the effect of destroying the signifi
cance of the varsity emblem.
Attention is called to the action
taken last evening by the Executive
Committee in regard to the promis
cuous use of the Varsity S on watch
fobs, suit cases, etc. The committee
asks through its resolution that mem
bers of the Student Body who are
not entitled to wear the emblem will
refrain from placing it on their jew
elry or other personal belongings.
It seems highly improbable that any
man would deliberately place tlie
block S on any of his property when
he is not entitled to do so. The
cases where such a thing has been
done are undoubtedly the result of
carelessness, but they are none the
less to be frowned upon and care
should be taken in the future that
no infringements of this unwritten
law occur. It is at once apparent
that if the evil complained of grows
to any large proportions it will have
the effect of destroying the signifi
cance of the varsity emblem.
