# President Jordan Sunday.
## 
### 
Dr. Jordan will speak in the
chapel Sunday at 11:00 a.m. on the
subject, "The Demands of the Twen
tieth Century."
Dr. Jordan will speak in the
chapel Sunday at 11:00 a.m. on the
subject, "The Demands of the Twen
tieth Century."
Dr. Jordan will speak in the
chapel Sunday at 11:00 a.m. on the
subject, "The Demands of the Twen
tieth Century."
Dr. Jordan will speak in the
chapel Sunday at 11:00 a.m. on the
subject, "The Demands of the Twen
tieth Century."
Dr. Jordan will speak in the
chapel Sunday at 11:00 a.m. on the
subject, "The Demands of the Twen
tieth Century."
Dr. Jordan will speak in the
chapel Sunday at 11:00 a.m. on the
subject, "The Demands of the Twen
tieth Century."
Dr. Jordan will speak in the
chapel Sunday at 11:00 a.m. on the
subject, "The Demands of the Twen
tieth Century."
Dr. Jordan will speak in the
chapel Sunday at 11:00 a.m. on the
subject, "The Demands of the Twen
tieth Century."
