# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In light of the fact that tomor
row's game on the campus will be
the last contest in which the Var
sity will engage before the Inter
collegiate event of November Bth,
it would seem unnecessary to re
quest the attendance of every man
and women in the University. It
is the least that may be expected
that crowded bleachers lend their
moral support to the team in the
last preliminary of the year. And
in addition the contest will afford
the last opportunity for rooters'
practice in the open. It iB im
portant that "the bleachers be
crowded, that good spirit be shown,
and that the team may justly feel
the University is behind it.
In light of the fact that tomor
row's game on the campus will be
the last contest in which the Var
sity will engage before the Inter
collegiate event of November Bth,
it would seem unnecessary to re
quest the attendance of every man
and women in the University. It
is the least that may be expected
that crowded bleachers lend their
moral support to the team in the
last preliminary of the year. And
in addition the contest will afford
the last opportunity for rooters'
practice in the open. It iB im
portant that "the bleachers be
crowded, that good spirit be shown,
and that the team may justly feel
the University is behind it.
In light of the fact that tomor
row's game on the campus will be
the last contest in which the Var
sity will engage before the Inter
collegiate event of November Bth,
it would seem unnecessary to re
quest the attendance of every man
and women in the University. It
is the least that may be expected
that crowded bleachers lend their
moral support to the team in the
last preliminary of the year. And
in addition the contest will afford
the last opportunity for rooters'
practice in the open. It iB im
portant that "the bleachers be
crowded, that good spirit be shown,
and that the team may justly feel
the University is behind it.
In light of the fact that tomor
row's game on the campus will be
the last contest in which the Var
sity will engage before the Inter
collegiate event of November Bth,
it would seem unnecessary to re
quest the attendance of every man
and women in the University. It
is the least that may be expected
that crowded bleachers lend their
moral support to the team in the
last preliminary of the year. And
in addition the contest will afford
the last opportunity for rooters'
practice in the open. It iB im
portant that "the bleachers be
crowded, that good spirit be shown,
and that the team may justly feel
the University is behind it.
In light of the fact that tomor
row's game on the campus will be
the last contest in which the Var
sity will engage before the Inter
collegiate event of November Bth,
it would seem unnecessary to re
quest the attendance of every man
and women in the University. It
is the least that may be expected
that crowded bleachers lend their
moral support to the team in the
last preliminary of the year. And
in addition the contest will afford
the last opportunity for rooters'
practice in the open. It iB im
portant that "the bleachers be
crowded, that good spirit be shown,
and that the team may justly feel
the University is behind it.
In light of the fact that tomor
row's game on the campus will be
the last contest in which the Var
sity will engage before the Inter
collegiate event of November Bth,
it would seem unnecessary to re
quest the attendance of every man
and women in the University. It
is the least that may be expected
that crowded bleachers lend their
moral support to the team in the
last preliminary of the year. And
in addition the contest will afford
the last opportunity for rooters'
practice in the open. It iB im
portant that "the bleachers be
crowded, that good spirit be shown,
and that the team may justly feel
the University is behind it.
In light of the fact that tomor
row's game on the campus will be
the last contest in which the Var
sity will engage before the Inter
collegiate event of November Bth,
it would seem unnecessary to re
quest the attendance of every man
and women in the University. It
is the least that may be expected
that crowded bleachers lend their
moral support to the team in the
last preliminary of the year. And
in addition the contest will afford
the last opportunity for rooters'
practice in the open. It iB im
portant that "the bleachers be
crowded, that good spirit be shown,
and that the team may justly feel
the University is behind it.
In light of the fact that tomor
row's game on the campus will be
the last contest in which the Var
sity will engage before the Inter
collegiate event of November Bth,
it would seem unnecessary to re
quest the attendance of every man
and women in the University. It
is the least that may be expected
that crowded bleachers lend their
moral support to the team in the
last preliminary of the year. And
in addition the contest will afford
the last opportunity for rooters'
practice in the open. It iB im
portant that "the bleachers be
crowded, that good spirit be shown,
and that the team may justly feel
the University is behind it.
