# Lathrop Contributes to Library.
## 
### 
Charles G. Lathrop, Treasurer o r
the University, has just contributed
to (he Library a personal cheque for
two hundred dollars which is to bp
credited to the "Lathrop Fund." Thir
's placed at the disposal of the Li
brarian for purchasing books contain
ing history of early California.
Charles G. Lathrop, Treasurer o r
the University, has just contributed
to (he Library a personal cheque for
two hundred dollars which is to bp
credited to the "Lathrop Fund." Thir
's placed at the disposal of the Li
brarian for purchasing books contain
ing history of early California.
Charles G. Lathrop, Treasurer o r
the University, has just contributed
to (he Library a personal cheque for
two hundred dollars which is to bp
credited to the "Lathrop Fund." Thir
's placed at the disposal of the Li
brarian for purchasing books contain
ing history of early California.
Charles G. Lathrop, Treasurer o r
the University, has just contributed
to (he Library a personal cheque for
two hundred dollars which is to bp
credited to the "Lathrop Fund." Thir
's placed at the disposal of the Li
brarian for purchasing books contain
ing history of early California.
Charles G. Lathrop, Treasurer o r
the University, has just contributed
to (he Library a personal cheque for
two hundred dollars which is to bp
credited to the "Lathrop Fund." Thir
's placed at the disposal of the Li
brarian for purchasing books contain
ing history of early California.
Charles G. Lathrop, Treasurer o r
the University, has just contributed
to (he Library a personal cheque for
two hundred dollars which is to bp
credited to the "Lathrop Fund." Thir
's placed at the disposal of the Li
brarian for purchasing books contain
ing history of early California.
Charles G. Lathrop, Treasurer o r
the University, has just contributed
to (he Library a personal cheque for
two hundred dollars which is to bp
credited to the "Lathrop Fund." Thir
's placed at the disposal of the Li
brarian for purchasing books contain
ing history of early California.
Charles G. Lathrop, Treasurer o r
the University, has just contributed
to (he Library a personal cheque for
two hundred dollars which is to bp
credited to the "Lathrop Fund." Thir
's placed at the disposal of the Li
brarian for purchasing books contain
ing history of early California.
Charles G. Lathrop, Treasurer o r
the University, has just contributed
to (he Library a personal cheque for
two hundred dollars which is to bp
credited to the "Lathrop Fund." Thir
's placed at the disposal of the Li
brarian for purchasing books contain
ing history of early California.
Charles G. Lathrop, Treasurer o r
the University, has just contributed
to (he Library a personal cheque for
two hundred dollars which is to bp
credited to the "Lathrop Fund." Thir
's placed at the disposal of the Li
brarian for purchasing books contain
ing history of early California.
