# Members of Cricket Club Practice.
## 
### 
The first meeting of the Cricket Club
was held this afternoon on the old
track. After Instructor Maloney had
explained something of the rudiments
of the game, various members of the
club practised bowling and batting.
The crickets were set up in the track
and the bowling was done down the
old running path. In future the clui>
will meet on the baseball diamond
where the more open field will greatly
facilitate play.
The first meeting of the Cricket Club
was held this afternoon on the old
track. After Instructor Maloney had
explained something of the rudiments
of the game, various members of the
club practised bowling and batting.
The crickets were set up in the track
and the bowling was done down the
old running path. In future the clui>
will meet on the baseball diamond
where the more open field will greatly
facilitate play.
The first meeting of the Cricket Club
was held this afternoon on the old
track. After Instructor Maloney had
explained something of the rudiments
of the game, various members of the
club practised bowling and batting.
The crickets were set up in the track
and the bowling was done down the
old running path. In future the clui>
will meet on the baseball diamond
where the more open field will greatly
facilitate play.
The first meeting of the Cricket Club
was held this afternoon on the old
track. After Instructor Maloney had
explained something of the rudiments
of the game, various members of the
club practised bowling and batting.
The crickets were set up in the track
and the bowling was done down the
old running path. In future the clui>
will meet on the baseball diamond
where the more open field will greatly
facilitate play.
The first meeting of the Cricket Club
was held this afternoon on the old
track. After Instructor Maloney had
explained something of the rudiments
of the game, various members of the
club practised bowling and batting.
The crickets were set up in the track
and the bowling was done down the
old running path. In future the clui>
will meet on the baseball diamond
where the more open field will greatly
facilitate play.
The first meeting of the Cricket Club
was held this afternoon on the old
track. After Instructor Maloney had
explained something of the rudiments
of the game, various members of the
club practised bowling and batting.
The crickets were set up in the track
and the bowling was done down the
old running path. In future the clui>
will meet on the baseball diamond
where the more open field will greatly
facilitate play.
The first meeting of the Cricket Club
was held this afternoon on the old
track. After Instructor Maloney had
explained something of the rudiments
of the game, various members of the
club practised bowling and batting.
The crickets were set up in the track
and the bowling was done down the
old running path. In future the clui>
will meet on the baseball diamond
where the more open field will greatly
facilitate play.
The first meeting of the Cricket Club
was held this afternoon on the old
track. After Instructor Maloney had
explained something of the rudiments
of the game, various members of the
club practised bowling and batting.
The crickets were set up in the track
and the bowling was done down the
old running path. In future the clui>
will meet on the baseball diamond
where the more open field will greatly
facilitate play.
The first meeting of the Cricket Club
was held this afternoon on the old
track. After Instructor Maloney had
explained something of the rudiments
of the game, various members of the
club practised bowling and batting.
The crickets were set up in the track
and the bowling was done down the
old running path. In future the clui>
will meet on the baseball diamond
where the more open field will greatly
facilitate play.
The first meeting of the Cricket Club
was held this afternoon on the old
track. After Instructor Maloney had
explained something of the rudiments
of the game, various members of the
club practised bowling and batting.
The crickets were set up in the track
and the bowling was done down the
old running path. In future the clui>
will meet on the baseball diamond
where the more open field will greatly
facilitate play.
