# Chemistry Society Holds Meeting.
## 
### 
The Mini Ivapli Mini society met last
evening for the purpose of bringing
up names of candidates and organ
izing new committees. Two members
were appointed to confer with the
Berkeley chapter on by-laws. The
society will hold another meeting-
Tuesday evening at 7:30, at Encina
Hall. The object of the meeting will
be the election of new members. All
members are particularly requested to
be present.
The Mini Ivapli Mini society met last
evening for the purpose of bringing
up names of candidates and organ
izing new committees. Two members
were appointed to confer with the
Berkeley chapter on by-laws. The
society will hold another meeting-
Tuesday evening at 7:30, at Encina
Hall. The object of the meeting will
be the election of new members. All
members are particularly requested to
be present.
The Mini Ivapli Mini society met last
evening for the purpose of bringing
up names of candidates and organ
izing new committees. Two members
were appointed to confer with the
Berkeley chapter on by-laws. The
society will hold another meeting-
Tuesday evening at 7:30, at Encina
Hall. The object of the meeting will
be the election of new members. All
members are particularly requested to
be present.
The Mini Ivapli Mini society met last
evening for the purpose of bringing
up names of candidates and organ
izing new committees. Two members
were appointed to confer with the
Berkeley chapter on by-laws. The
society will hold another meeting-
Tuesday evening at 7:30, at Encina
Hall. The object of the meeting will
be the election of new members. All
members are particularly requested to
be present.
The Mini Ivapli Mini society met last
evening for the purpose of bringing
up names of candidates and organ
izing new committees. Two members
were appointed to confer with the
Berkeley chapter on by-laws. The
society will hold another meeting-
Tuesday evening at 7:30, at Encina
Hall. The object of the meeting will
be the election of new members. All
members are particularly requested to
be present.
The Mini Ivapli Mini society met last
evening for the purpose of bringing
up names of candidates and organ
izing new committees. Two members
were appointed to confer with the
Berkeley chapter on by-laws. The
society will hold another meeting-
Tuesday evening at 7:30, at Encina
Hall. The object of the meeting will
be the election of new members. All
members are particularly requested to
be present.
The Mini Ivapli Mini society met last
evening for the purpose of bringing
up names of candidates and organ
izing new committees. Two members
were appointed to confer with the
Berkeley chapter on by-laws. The
society will hold another meeting-
Tuesday evening at 7:30, at Encina
Hall. The object of the meeting will
be the election of new members. All
members are particularly requested to
be present.
The Mini Ivapli Mini society met last
evening for the purpose of bringing
up names of candidates and organ
izing new committees. Two members
were appointed to confer with the
Berkeley chapter on by-laws. The
society will hold another meeting-
Tuesday evening at 7:30, at Encina
Hall. The object of the meeting will
be the election of new members. All
members are particularly requested to
be present.
The Mini Ivapli Mini society met last
evening for the purpose of bringing
up names of candidates and organ
izing new committees. Two members
were appointed to confer with the
Berkeley chapter on by-laws. The
society will hold another meeting-
Tuesday evening at 7:30, at Encina
Hall. The object of the meeting will
be the election of new members. All
members are particularly requested to
be present.
The Mini Ivapli Mini society met last
evening for the purpose of bringing
up names of candidates and organ
izing new committees. Two members
were appointed to confer with the
Berkeley chapter on by-laws. The
society will hold another meeting-
Tuesday evening at 7:30, at Encina
Hall. The object of the meeting will
be the election of new members. All
members are particularly requested to
be present.
