# English Club Discusses Plans.
## 
### 
Yesterday afternoon the English
Club held a meeting presided over by
F. Weymouth, '10, at which impor
tant matters were discussed. Among
these was the question of reprinting
the Club's "First Year at Stanford"
or issuing another Year Hook simi
lar to the one issued last year. It
was left to the President to appoint
a committee of five to consider the
matter. This committee will be an
nounced later.
The resignation of A. F. Beaufait,
Ml, as treasurer was tendered and
accepted. B. Bliven, '11, was ap
pointed temporary treasurer.
Yesterday afternoon the English
Club held a meeting presided over by
F. Weymouth, '10, at which impor
tant matters were discussed. Among
these was the question of reprinting
the Club's "First Year at Stanford"
or issuing another Year Hook simi
lar to the one issued last year. It
was left to the President to appoint
a committee of five to consider the
matter. This committee will be an
nounced later.
The resignation of A. F. Beaufait,
Ml, as treasurer was tendered and
accepted. B. Bliven, '11, was ap
pointed temporary treasurer.
Yesterday afternoon the English
Club held a meeting presided over by
F. Weymouth, '10, at which impor
tant matters were discussed. Among
these was the question of reprinting
the Club's "First Year at Stanford"
or issuing another Year Hook simi
lar to the one issued last year. It
was left to the President to appoint
a committee of five to consider the
matter. This committee will be an
nounced later.
The resignation of A. F. Beaufait,
Ml, as treasurer was tendered and
accepted. B. Bliven, '11, was ap
pointed temporary treasurer.
Yesterday afternoon the English
Club held a meeting presided over by
F. Weymouth, '10, at which impor
tant matters were discussed. Among
these was the question of reprinting
the Club's "First Year at Stanford"
or issuing another Year Hook simi
lar to the one issued last year. It
was left to the President to appoint
a committee of five to consider the
matter. This committee will be an
nounced later.
The resignation of A. F. Beaufait,
Ml, as treasurer was tendered and
accepted. B. Bliven, '11, was ap
pointed temporary treasurer.
Yesterday afternoon the English
Club held a meeting presided over by
F. Weymouth, '10, at which impor
tant matters were discussed. Among
these was the question of reprinting
the Club's "First Year at Stanford"
or issuing another Year Hook simi
lar to the one issued last year. It
was left to the President to appoint
a committee of five to consider the
matter. This committee will be an
nounced later.
The resignation of A. F. Beaufait,
Ml, as treasurer was tendered and
accepted. B. Bliven, '11, was ap
pointed temporary treasurer.
Yesterday afternoon the English
Club held a meeting presided over by
F. Weymouth, '10, at which impor
tant matters were discussed. Among
these was the question of reprinting
the Club's "First Year at Stanford"
or issuing another Year Hook simi
lar to the one issued last year. It
was left to the President to appoint
a committee of five to consider the
matter. This committee will be an
nounced later.
The resignation of A. F. Beaufait,
Ml, as treasurer was tendered and
accepted. B. Bliven, '11, was ap
pointed temporary treasurer.
Yesterday afternoon the English
Club held a meeting presided over by
F. Weymouth, '10, at which impor
tant matters were discussed. Among
these was the question of reprinting
the Club's "First Year at Stanford"
or issuing another Year Hook simi
lar to the one issued last year. It
was left to the President to appoint
a committee of five to consider the
matter. This committee will be an
nounced later.
The resignation of A. F. Beaufait,
Ml, as treasurer was tendered and
accepted. B. Bliven, '11, was ap
pointed temporary treasurer.
Yesterday afternoon the English
Club held a meeting presided over by
F. Weymouth, '10, at which impor
tant matters were discussed. Among
these was the question of reprinting
the Club's "First Year at Stanford"
or issuing another Year Hook simi
lar to the one issued last year. It
was left to the President to appoint
a committee of five to consider the
matter. This committee will be an
nounced later.
The resignation of A. F. Beaufait,
Ml, as treasurer was tendered and
accepted. B. Bliven, '11, was ap
pointed temporary treasurer.
Yesterday afternoon the English
Club held a meeting presided over by
F. Weymouth, '10, at which impor
tant matters were discussed. Among
these was the question of reprinting
the Club's "First Year at Stanford"
or issuing another Year Hook simi
lar to the one issued last year. It
was left to the President to appoint
a committee of five to consider the
matter. This committee will be an
nounced later.
The resignation of A. F. Beaufait,
Ml, as treasurer was tendered and
accepted. B. Bliven, '11, was ap
pointed temporary treasurer.
Yesterday afternoon the English
Club held a meeting presided over by
F. Weymouth, '10, at which impor
tant matters were discussed. Among
these was the question of reprinting
the Club's "First Year at Stanford"
or issuing another Year Hook simi
lar to the one issued last year. It
was left to the President to appoint
a committee of five to consider the
matter. This committee will be an
nounced later.
The resignation of A. F. Beaufait,
Ml, as treasurer was tendered and
accepted. B. Bliven, '11, was ap
pointed temporary treasurer.
