# Dr. Bancroft Unable to Meet Women.
## 
### 
Dr. Bancroft was detained in Berk
eley to-day and was not able to con
sult the women in regard to vaccina
tion to-day according to schedule. It
is not known when she will be on the
I campus. .
Dr. Bancroft was detained in Berk
eley to-day and was not able to con
sult the women in regard to vaccina
tion to-day according to schedule. It
is not known when she will be on the
I campus. .
Dr. Bancroft was detained in Berk
eley to-day and was not able to con
sult the women in regard to vaccina
tion to-day according to schedule. It
is not known when she will be on the
I campus. .
Dr. Bancroft was detained in Berk
eley to-day and was not able to con
sult the women in regard to vaccina
tion to-day according to schedule. It
is not known when she will be on the
I campus. .
Dr. Bancroft was detained in Berk
eley to-day and was not able to con
sult the women in regard to vaccina
tion to-day according to schedule. It
is not known when she will be on the
I campus. .
Dr. Bancroft was detained in Berk
eley to-day and was not able to con
sult the women in regard to vaccina
tion to-day according to schedule. It
is not known when she will be on the
I campus. .
Dr. Bancroft was detained in Berk
eley to-day and was not able to con
sult the women in regard to vaccina
tion to-day according to schedule. It
is not known when she will be on the
I campus. .
Dr. Bancroft was detained in Berk
eley to-day and was not able to con
sult the women in regard to vaccina
tion to-day according to schedule. It
is not known when she will be on the
I campus. .
Dr. Bancroft was detained in Berk
eley to-day and was not able to con
sult the women in regard to vaccina
tion to-day according to schedule. It
is not known when she will be on the
I campus. .
Dr. Bancroft was detained in Berk
eley to-day and was not able to con
sult the women in regard to vaccina
tion to-day according to schedule. It
is not known when she will be on the
I campus. .
