# SOPHOMORE COMMITTEES NAMED.
## Arrangements Being Made for Annual Cotillion and Play of Second-Year Class. 
### 
The Sophomore cotillion will prob
ably be given sometime in the first
part of December, no date having yet
been specified. President Wilson to
day announced the personnel of the
Cotillion and Play Committees which
are to take charge of the annual
Sophomore functions. Play Commit
tee —F. M. Russell, chairman; J. W.
Howell, H. R. Person, C. L. Schaupp,
C. H. Richardson, Miss V. M. Watkins.
Miss I. M. Bower, Miss G. Childs.
Miss M. G. Herdman. Cotillion Com
mittee—S. K. Dixon, C. R. Nunan, T.
L. Coleman, M. E. Grimes, H. L. Hub
bard, Miss H. G. Spalding, Miss R. M.
Crippin, Miss PI. Neal, Miss F. M.
Smith, and Miss H. Sobey. The play
committee will meet at the Pi Beta
Phi house at 8:30 next Thursday eve
ning to discuss plans for the staging
of the annual production.
