# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— Prof. Nicholas Murray Butler
has been chosen to succeed Mayor
Low as president of Columbia.
Professor Butler is not yet forty
years old.
— Prof. Nicholas Murray Butler
has been chosen to succeed Mayor
Low as president of Columbia.
Professor Butler is not yet forty
years old.
— Prof. Nicholas Murray Butler
has been chosen to succeed Mayor
Low as president of Columbia.
Professor Butler is not yet forty
years old.
— Prof. Nicholas Murray Butler
has been chosen to succeed Mayor
Low as president of Columbia.
Professor Butler is not yet forty
years old.
— Prof. Nicholas Murray Butler
has been chosen to succeed Mayor
Low as president of Columbia.
Professor Butler is not yet forty
years old.
— Prof. Nicholas Murray Butler
has been chosen to succeed Mayor
Low as president of Columbia.
Professor Butler is not yet forty
years old.
— Prof. Nicholas Murray Butler
has been chosen to succeed Mayor
Low as president of Columbia.
Professor Butler is not yet forty
years old.
