# News of the World.
## 
### 
The loss by tire in Waterbury,
Conn., will aggregate $3,000,000.
Jtis rumored that Major General
Miles will soon retire to private
life.
Death and disaster follow in the
wake of the storms now raging on
the Atlantic coast.
One hundred miners are the vic
tims of an explosion in the Hondo
coal mines, Mexico.
Enemies of the present Moachu
dynasty, in China, have been dis
covered in a plot to kill the em
peror.
It is now certain that Congress
will create a new Cabinet portfolio
of commerce, and that William J.
Calhoun will be first secretary.
The loss by tire in Waterbury,
Conn., will aggregate $3,000,000.
Jtis rumored that Major General
Miles will soon retire to private
life.
Death and disaster follow in the
wake of the storms now raging on
the Atlantic coast.
One hundred miners are the vic
tims of an explosion in the Hondo
coal mines, Mexico.
Enemies of the present Moachu
dynasty, in China, have been dis
covered in a plot to kill the em
peror.
It is now certain that Congress
will create a new Cabinet portfolio
of commerce, and that William J.
Calhoun will be first secretary.
The loss by tire in Waterbury,
Conn., will aggregate $3,000,000.
Jtis rumored that Major General
Miles will soon retire to private
life.
Death and disaster follow in the
wake of the storms now raging on
the Atlantic coast.
One hundred miners are the vic
tims of an explosion in the Hondo
coal mines, Mexico.
Enemies of the present Moachu
dynasty, in China, have been dis
covered in a plot to kill the em
peror.
It is now certain that Congress
will create a new Cabinet portfolio
of commerce, and that William J.
Calhoun will be first secretary.
The loss by tire in Waterbury,
Conn., will aggregate $3,000,000.
Jtis rumored that Major General
Miles will soon retire to private
life.
Death and disaster follow in the
wake of the storms now raging on
the Atlantic coast.
One hundred miners are the vic
tims of an explosion in the Hondo
coal mines, Mexico.
Enemies of the present Moachu
dynasty, in China, have been dis
covered in a plot to kill the em
peror.
It is now certain that Congress
will create a new Cabinet portfolio
of commerce, and that William J.
Calhoun will be first secretary.
The loss by tire in Waterbury,
Conn., will aggregate $3,000,000.
Jtis rumored that Major General
Miles will soon retire to private
life.
Death and disaster follow in the
wake of the storms now raging on
the Atlantic coast.
One hundred miners are the vic
tims of an explosion in the Hondo
coal mines, Mexico.
Enemies of the present Moachu
dynasty, in China, have been dis
covered in a plot to kill the em
peror.
It is now certain that Congress
will create a new Cabinet portfolio
of commerce, and that William J.
Calhoun will be first secretary.
The loss by tire in Waterbury,
Conn., will aggregate $3,000,000.
Jtis rumored that Major General
Miles will soon retire to private
life.
Death and disaster follow in the
wake of the storms now raging on
the Atlantic coast.
One hundred miners are the vic
tims of an explosion in the Hondo
coal mines, Mexico.
Enemies of the present Moachu
dynasty, in China, have been dis
covered in a plot to kill the em
peror.
It is now certain that Congress
will create a new Cabinet portfolio
of commerce, and that William J.
Calhoun will be first secretary.
The loss by tire in Waterbury,
Conn., will aggregate $3,000,000.
Jtis rumored that Major General
Miles will soon retire to private
life.
Death and disaster follow in the
wake of the storms now raging on
the Atlantic coast.
One hundred miners are the vic
tims of an explosion in the Hondo
coal mines, Mexico.
Enemies of the present Moachu
dynasty, in China, have been dis
covered in a plot to kill the em
peror.
It is now certain that Congress
will create a new Cabinet portfolio
of commerce, and that William J.
Calhoun will be first secretary.
