# Literal Interpretation.
## 
### 
The Indiana Student begins an
editorial " Blessed he the man
whose sense of humor, etc.," and
in the next column reports the fol
lowing: ''At Stanford special po
licemen from the upper classes
were appointed to attend a Sopho
more election."
The Indiana Student begins an
editorial " Blessed he the man
whose sense of humor, etc.," and
in the next column reports the fol
lowing: ''At Stanford special po
licemen from the upper classes
were appointed to attend a Sopho
more election."
The Indiana Student begins an
editorial " Blessed he the man
whose sense of humor, etc.," and
in the next column reports the fol
lowing: ''At Stanford special po
licemen from the upper classes
were appointed to attend a Sopho
more election."
The Indiana Student begins an
editorial " Blessed he the man
whose sense of humor, etc.," and
in the next column reports the fol
lowing: ''At Stanford special po
licemen from the upper classes
were appointed to attend a Sopho
more election."
The Indiana Student begins an
editorial " Blessed he the man
whose sense of humor, etc.," and
in the next column reports the fol
lowing: ''At Stanford special po
licemen from the upper classes
were appointed to attend a Sopho
more election."
The Indiana Student begins an
editorial " Blessed he the man
whose sense of humor, etc.," and
in the next column reports the fol
lowing: ''At Stanford special po
licemen from the upper classes
were appointed to attend a Sopho
more election."
The Indiana Student begins an
editorial " Blessed he the man
whose sense of humor, etc.," and
in the next column reports the fol
lowing: ''At Stanford special po
licemen from the upper classes
were appointed to attend a Sopho
more election."
