# University Calendar.
## 
### 
February.
Freshman - Sophomore baseball,
campus, sth.
Intercollegiate Preliminaries, 7th,
and Bth.
Varsity vs. San Jose Normal, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, 21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Church,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
,)unior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, Gth.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14tli.
1 nstruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
February.
Freshman - Sophomore baseball,
campus, sth.
Intercollegiate Preliminaries, 7th,
and Bth.
Varsity vs. San Jose Normal, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, 21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Church,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
,)unior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, Gth.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14tli.
1 nstruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
February.
Freshman - Sophomore baseball,
campus, sth.
Intercollegiate Preliminaries, 7th,
and Bth.
Varsity vs. San Jose Normal, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, 21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Church,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
,)unior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, Gth.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14tli.
1 nstruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
February.
Freshman - Sophomore baseball,
campus, sth.
Intercollegiate Preliminaries, 7th,
and Bth.
Varsity vs. San Jose Normal, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, 21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Church,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
,)unior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, Gth.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14tli.
1 nstruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
February.
Freshman - Sophomore baseball,
campus, sth.
Intercollegiate Preliminaries, 7th,
and Bth.
Varsity vs. San Jose Normal, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, 21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Church,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
,)unior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, Gth.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14tli.
1 nstruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
February.
Freshman - Sophomore baseball,
campus, sth.
Intercollegiate Preliminaries, 7th,
and Bth.
Varsity vs. San Jose Normal, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, 21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Church,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
,)unior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, Gth.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14tli.
1 nstruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
February.
Freshman - Sophomore baseball,
campus, sth.
Intercollegiate Preliminaries, 7th,
and Bth.
Varsity vs. San Jose Normal, base
ball, campus, Bth.
Carnot debate at Berkeley, 14th.
Pirates of Penzance performance,
14th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Freshman-Sophomore debate try
outs, 21st.
Washington's birthday (holiday),
22d.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball, cam
pus, 22d.
Chicago Orchestra concert, 27th.
March.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, Ist.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,
Berkeley, Bth.
Dedication of Memorial Church,
Founders' Day (Sunday), 9th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 15th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 22d.
,)unior Day, 28th.
Varsity vs. Alumni, baseball, cam
pus, 28th.
Varsity vs. Olympic, baseball,cam
pus, 29th.
Mid-semester recess begins, 29th.
April.
Stanford vs. California, baseball,
campus, sth.
Mid-semester recess ends, Gth.
May.
Memorial day (holiday), 14tli.
1 nstruction ends, 22d.
Baccalaureate Sunday, 25th.
Class day, 26th.
Alumni day, 27th.
Commencement, 28th.
