# Irwin and Adams the Winners.
## 
### 
Professor A. T. Murray, chair?
man of the committee of judges in
the '99 Annual competition, the
other members being Professors
Lathrop and Newcomer, announced
this afternoon the names of the
winning stories. Upon investiga
tion it was found that Wallace A.
Irwin, '00, had won the prize for
the story and Bristow Adams, '00,
the prize for the poem.
The winning story was written
under the nam de plume of
"Apollo," and is entitled "His
Olympian Rival," and is a clever
story of college life. The second
place was won by Bristow Adams
for the story, "A GaÂ«e of Circum
stantial Evidence," written under
the pen name of Leslie Harrison.
One judge favored the reversal of
the decision. A sketch by Miss
Dinkelspiel, "Football on the
Sward," received honorable men
tion.
Bristow Adams won the prize for
the poem by bis sonnet, "Raphael
to Fornarina," and G. H. Yost,
'99, "Pastoralis," was awarded sec
ond place for his poem, "The Shep
herdess."
