# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
r i ■
ißsbmh
l/te -f/anfn’id
■
STANFORD SHOPPING
INTERNATIONAL
CUISINE
A World’s Fair of Fine Food
for Eating Here or at Home
»>e<i
r i ■
ißsbmh
l/te -f/anfn’id
■
STANFORD SHOPPING
INTERNATIONAL
CUISINE
A World’s Fair of Fine Food
for Eating Here or at Home
»>e<i
r i ■
ißsbmh
l/te -f/anfn’id
■
STANFORD SHOPPING
INTERNATIONAL
CUISINE
A World’s Fair of Fine Food
for Eating Here or at Home
»>e<i
r i ■
ißsbmh
l/te -f/anfn’id
■
STANFORD SHOPPING
INTERNATIONAL
CUISINE
A World’s Fair of Fine Food
for Eating Here or at Home
»>e<i
r i ■
ißsbmh
l/te -f/anfn’id
■
STANFORD SHOPPING
INTERNATIONAL
CUISINE
A World’s Fair of Fine Food
for Eating Here or at Home
»>e<i
r i ■
ißsbmh
l/te -f/anfn’id
■
STANFORD SHOPPING
INTERNATIONAL
CUISINE
A World’s Fair of Fine Food
for Eating Here or at Home
»>e<i
r i ■
ißsbmh
l/te -f/anfn’id
■
STANFORD SHOPPING
INTERNATIONAL
CUISINE
A World’s Fair of Fine Food
for Eating Here or at Home
»>e<i
r i ■
ißsbmh
l/te -f/anfn’id
■
STANFORD SHOPPING
INTERNATIONAL
CUISINE
A World’s Fair of Fine Food
for Eating Here or at Home
»>e<i
r i ■
ißsbmh
l/te -f/anfn’id
■
STANFORD SHOPPING
INTERNATIONAL
CUISINE
A World’s Fair of Fine Food
for Eating Here or at Home
»>e<i
r i ■
ißsbmh
l/te -f/anfn’id
■
STANFORD SHOPPING
INTERNATIONAL
CUISINE
A World’s Fair of Fine Food
for Eating Here or at Home
»>e<i
r i ■
ißsbmh
l/te -f/anfn’id
■
STANFORD SHOPPING
INTERNATIONAL
CUISINE
A World’s Fair of Fine Food
for Eating Here or at Home
»>e<i
r i ■
ißsbmh
l/te -f/anfn’id
■
STANFORD SHOPPING
INTERNATIONAL
CUISINE
A World’s Fair of Fine Food
for Eating Here or at Home
»>e<i
r i ■
ißsbmh
l/te -f/anfn’id
■
STANFORD SHOPPING
INTERNATIONAL
CUISINE
A World’s Fair of Fine Food
for Eating Here or at Home
»>e<i
r i ■
ißsbmh
l/te -f/anfn’id
■
STANFORD SHOPPING
INTERNATIONAL
CUISINE
A World’s Fair of Fine Food
for Eating Here or at Home
»>e<i
r i ■
ißsbmh
l/te -f/anfn’id
■
STANFORD SHOPPING
INTERNATIONAL
CUISINE
A World’s Fair of Fine Food
for Eating Here or at Home
»>e<i
r i ■
ißsbmh
l/te -f/anfn’id
■
STANFORD SHOPPING
INTERNATIONAL
CUISINE
A World’s Fair of Fine Food
for Eating Here or at Home
»>e<i
r i ■
ißsbmh
l/te -f/anfn’id
■
STANFORD SHOPPING
INTERNATIONAL
CUISINE
A World’s Fair of Fine Food
for Eating Here or at Home
»>e<i
