# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
I am sure the
grapes are sour
. . . but who knows
unless you try.
That’s why you
should tally ho
down to R A and
take part in the
big January Sale.
It’s Clearance
time and the savings
are great ... no sour
grapes! Like our
$5 sportshirts are
now just 3.45
A sweet price!
roos/atkins
I am sure the
grapes are sour
. . . but who knows
unless you try.
That’s why you
should tally ho
down to R A and
take part in the
big January Sale.
It’s Clearance
time and the savings
are great ... no sour
grapes! Like our
$5 sportshirts are
now just 3.45
A sweet price!
roos/atkins
I am sure the
grapes are sour
. . . but who knows
unless you try.
That’s why you
should tally ho
down to R A and
take part in the
big January Sale.
It’s Clearance
time and the savings
are great ... no sour
grapes! Like our
$5 sportshirts are
now just 3.45
A sweet price!
roos/atkins
I am sure the
grapes are sour
. . . but who knows
unless you try.
That’s why you
should tally ho
down to R A and
take part in the
big January Sale.
It’s Clearance
time and the savings
are great ... no sour
grapes! Like our
$5 sportshirts are
now just 3.45
A sweet price!
roos/atkins
I am sure the
grapes are sour
. . . but who knows
unless you try.
That’s why you
should tally ho
down to R A and
take part in the
big January Sale.
It’s Clearance
time and the savings
are great ... no sour
grapes! Like our
$5 sportshirts are
now just 3.45
A sweet price!
roos/atkins
I am sure the
grapes are sour
. . . but who knows
unless you try.
That’s why you
should tally ho
down to R A and
take part in the
big January Sale.
It’s Clearance
time and the savings
are great ... no sour
grapes! Like our
$5 sportshirts are
now just 3.45
A sweet price!
roos/atkins
I am sure the
grapes are sour
. . . but who knows
unless you try.
That’s why you
should tally ho
down to R A and
take part in the
big January Sale.
It’s Clearance
time and the savings
are great ... no sour
grapes! Like our
$5 sportshirts are
now just 3.45
A sweet price!
roos/atkins
I am sure the
grapes are sour
. . . but who knows
unless you try.
That’s why you
should tally ho
down to R A and
take part in the
big January Sale.
It’s Clearance
time and the savings
are great ... no sour
grapes! Like our
$5 sportshirts are
now just 3.45
A sweet price!
roos/atkins
I am sure the
grapes are sour
. . . but who knows
unless you try.
That’s why you
should tally ho
down to R A and
take part in the
big January Sale.
It’s Clearance
time and the savings
are great ... no sour
grapes! Like our
$5 sportshirts are
now just 3.45
A sweet price!
roos/atkins
I am sure the
grapes are sour
. . . but who knows
unless you try.
That’s why you
should tally ho
down to R A and
take part in the
big January Sale.
It’s Clearance
time and the savings
are great ... no sour
grapes! Like our
$5 sportshirts are
now just 3.45
A sweet price!
roos/atkins
I am sure the
grapes are sour
. . . but who knows
unless you try.
That’s why you
should tally ho
down to R A and
take part in the
big January Sale.
It’s Clearance
time and the savings
are great ... no sour
grapes! Like our
$5 sportshirts are
now just 3.45
A sweet price!
roos/atkins
I am sure the
grapes are sour
. . . but who knows
unless you try.
That’s why you
should tally ho
down to R A and
take part in the
big January Sale.
It’s Clearance
time and the savings
are great ... no sour
grapes! Like our
$5 sportshirts are
now just 3.45
A sweet price!
roos/atkins
I am sure the
grapes are sour
. . . but who knows
unless you try.
That’s why you
should tally ho
down to R A and
take part in the
big January Sale.
It’s Clearance
time and the savings
are great ... no sour
grapes! Like our
$5 sportshirts are
now just 3.45
A sweet price!
roos/atkins
I am sure the
grapes are sour
. . . but who knows
unless you try.
That’s why you
should tally ho
down to R A and
take part in the
big January Sale.
It’s Clearance
time and the savings
are great ... no sour
grapes! Like our
$5 sportshirts are
now just 3.45
A sweet price!
roos/atkins
I am sure the
grapes are sour
. . . but who knows
unless you try.
That’s why you
should tally ho
down to R A and
take part in the
big January Sale.
It’s Clearance
time and the savings
are great ... no sour
grapes! Like our
$5 sportshirts are
now just 3.45
A sweet price!
roos/atkins
I am sure the
grapes are sour
. . . but who knows
unless you try.
That’s why you
should tally ho
down to R A and
take part in the
big January Sale.
It’s Clearance
time and the savings
are great ... no sour
grapes! Like our
$5 sportshirts are
now just 3.45
A sweet price!
roos/atkins
I am sure the
grapes are sour
. . . but who knows
unless you try.
That’s why you
should tally ho
down to R A and
take part in the
big January Sale.
It’s Clearance
time and the savings
are great ... no sour
grapes! Like our
$5 sportshirts are
now just 3.45
A sweet price!
roos/atkins
