# Scholarship Aid For Berlin Study
## 
### 
Students are reminded that
applications are now available at
the ASSU office for the Berlin
Affiliation Exchange scholarship
to the Free University of Berlin
for the academic year 1962-63.
The Free University provides
the student with room, board, tu
ition for two semesters, and
transportation from the German
border to Berlin and back.
Applicants must be juniors,
seniors, or graduate students.
The deadline for applications is
Feb. 2 in the ASSU office. For
further information contact An
dree Whitney or Sue Brown at
Union Residence. DA 3-9043.
Students are reminded that
applications are now available at
the ASSU office for the Berlin
Affiliation Exchange scholarship
to the Free University of Berlin
for the academic year 1962-63.
The Free University provides
the student with room, board, tu
ition for two semesters, and
transportation from the German
border to Berlin and back.
Applicants must be juniors,
seniors, or graduate students.
The deadline for applications is
Feb. 2 in the ASSU office. For
further information contact An
dree Whitney or Sue Brown at
Union Residence. DA 3-9043.
Students are reminded that
applications are now available at
the ASSU office for the Berlin
Affiliation Exchange scholarship
to the Free University of Berlin
for the academic year 1962-63.
The Free University provides
the student with room, board, tu
ition for two semesters, and
transportation from the German
border to Berlin and back.
Applicants must be juniors,
seniors, or graduate students.
The deadline for applications is
Feb. 2 in the ASSU office. For
further information contact An
dree Whitney or Sue Brown at
Union Residence. DA 3-9043.
Students are reminded that
applications are now available at
the ASSU office for the Berlin
Affiliation Exchange scholarship
to the Free University of Berlin
for the academic year 1962-63.
The Free University provides
the student with room, board, tu
ition for two semesters, and
transportation from the German
border to Berlin and back.
Applicants must be juniors,
seniors, or graduate students.
The deadline for applications is
Feb. 2 in the ASSU office. For
further information contact An
dree Whitney or Sue Brown at
Union Residence. DA 3-9043.
Students are reminded that
applications are now available at
the ASSU office for the Berlin
Affiliation Exchange scholarship
to the Free University of Berlin
for the academic year 1962-63.
The Free University provides
the student with room, board, tu
ition for two semesters, and
transportation from the German
border to Berlin and back.
Applicants must be juniors,
seniors, or graduate students.
The deadline for applications is
Feb. 2 in the ASSU office. For
further information contact An
dree Whitney or Sue Brown at
Union Residence. DA 3-9043.
Students are reminded that
applications are now available at
the ASSU office for the Berlin
Affiliation Exchange scholarship
to the Free University of Berlin
for the academic year 1962-63.
The Free University provides
the student with room, board, tu
ition for two semesters, and
transportation from the German
border to Berlin and back.
Applicants must be juniors,
seniors, or graduate students.
The deadline for applications is
Feb. 2 in the ASSU office. For
further information contact An
dree Whitney or Sue Brown at
Union Residence. DA 3-9043.
Students are reminded that
applications are now available at
the ASSU office for the Berlin
Affiliation Exchange scholarship
to the Free University of Berlin
for the academic year 1962-63.
The Free University provides
the student with room, board, tu
ition for two semesters, and
transportation from the German
border to Berlin and back.
Applicants must be juniors,
seniors, or graduate students.
The deadline for applications is
Feb. 2 in the ASSU office. For
further information contact An
dree Whitney or Sue Brown at
Union Residence. DA 3-9043.
Students are reminded that
applications are now available at
the ASSU office for the Berlin
Affiliation Exchange scholarship
to the Free University of Berlin
for the academic year 1962-63.
The Free University provides
the student with room, board, tu
ition for two semesters, and
transportation from the German
border to Berlin and back.
Applicants must be juniors,
seniors, or graduate students.
The deadline for applications is
Feb. 2 in the ASSU office. For
further information contact An
dree Whitney or Sue Brown at
Union Residence. DA 3-9043.
Students are reminded that
applications are now available at
the ASSU office for the Berlin
Affiliation Exchange scholarship
to the Free University of Berlin
for the academic year 1962-63.
The Free University provides
the student with room, board, tu
ition for two semesters, and
transportation from the German
border to Berlin and back.
Applicants must be juniors,
seniors, or graduate students.
The deadline for applications is
Feb. 2 in the ASSU office. For
further information contact An
dree Whitney or Sue Brown at
Union Residence. DA 3-9043.
Students are reminded that
applications are now available at
the ASSU office for the Berlin
Affiliation Exchange scholarship
to the Free University of Berlin
for the academic year 1962-63.
The Free University provides
the student with room, board, tu
ition for two semesters, and
transportation from the German
border to Berlin and back.
Applicants must be juniors,
seniors, or graduate students.
The deadline for applications is
Feb. 2 in the ASSU office. For
further information contact An
dree Whitney or Sue Brown at
Union Residence. DA 3-9043.
Students are reminded that
applications are now available at
the ASSU office for the Berlin
Affiliation Exchange scholarship
to the Free University of Berlin
for the academic year 1962-63.
The Free University provides
the student with room, board, tu
ition for two semesters, and
transportation from the German
border to Berlin and back.
Applicants must be juniors,
seniors, or graduate students.
The deadline for applications is
Feb. 2 in the ASSU office. For
further information contact An
dree Whitney or Sue Brown at
Union Residence. DA 3-9043.
Students are reminded that
applications are now available at
the ASSU office for the Berlin
Affiliation Exchange scholarship
to the Free University of Berlin
for the academic year 1962-63.
The Free University provides
the student with room, board, tu
ition for two semesters, and
transportation from the German
border to Berlin and back.
Applicants must be juniors,
seniors, or graduate students.
The deadline for applications is
Feb. 2 in the ASSU office. For
further information contact An
dree Whitney or Sue Brown at
Union Residence. DA 3-9043.
Students are reminded that
applications are now available at
the ASSU office for the Berlin
Affiliation Exchange scholarship
to the Free University of Berlin
for the academic year 1962-63.
The Free University provides
the student with room, board, tu
ition for two semesters, and
transportation from the German
border to Berlin and back.
Applicants must be juniors,
seniors, or graduate students.
The deadline for applications is
Feb. 2 in the ASSU office. For
further information contact An
dree Whitney or Sue Brown at
Union Residence. DA 3-9043.
Students are reminded that
applications are now available at
the ASSU office for the Berlin
Affiliation Exchange scholarship
to the Free University of Berlin
for the academic year 1962-63.
The Free University provides
the student with room, board, tu
ition for two semesters, and
transportation from the German
border to Berlin and back.
Applicants must be juniors,
seniors, or graduate students.
The deadline for applications is
Feb. 2 in the ASSU office. For
further information contact An
dree Whitney or Sue Brown at
Union Residence. DA 3-9043.
Students are reminded that
applications are now available at
the ASSU office for the Berlin
Affiliation Exchange scholarship
to the Free University of Berlin
for the academic year 1962-63.
The Free University provides
the student with room, board, tu
ition for two semesters, and
transportation from the German
border to Berlin and back.
Applicants must be juniors,
seniors, or graduate students.
The deadline for applications is
Feb. 2 in the ASSU office. For
further information contact An
dree Whitney or Sue Brown at
Union Residence. DA 3-9043.
Students are reminded that
applications are now available at
the ASSU office for the Berlin
Affiliation Exchange scholarship
to the Free University of Berlin
for the academic year 1962-63.
The Free University provides
the student with room, board, tu
ition for two semesters, and
transportation from the German
border to Berlin and back.
Applicants must be juniors,
seniors, or graduate students.
The deadline for applications is
Feb. 2 in the ASSU office. For
further information contact An
dree Whitney or Sue Brown at
Union Residence. DA 3-9043.
Students are reminded that
applications are now available at
the ASSU office for the Berlin
Affiliation Exchange scholarship
to the Free University of Berlin
for the academic year 1962-63.
The Free University provides
the student with room, board, tu
ition for two semesters, and
transportation from the German
border to Berlin and back.
Applicants must be juniors,
seniors, or graduate students.
The deadline for applications is
Feb. 2 in the ASSU office. For
further information contact An
dree Whitney or Sue Brown at
Union Residence. DA 3-9043.
