# Play Ducats Selling Today
## 
### 
Jim Todd, Ram’s Head
business manager, has an
nounced that tickets will go
on sale today for Winter One-
Acts. The show will be pre
sented in the Little Theatre
i n Memorial Auditorium,
February 9, 10, 16 and 17.
The three plays are all the
work of Stanford students,
and students make up the
cast, staff and crow. Judy
Skinner’s "Friends of the
Universe,” Dave Kirk’s “In
quisition.” and Judy Shra
der’s “As I Was Going to St.
Ives” will provide humor,
stark drama and mystery.
Tickets may be purchased
at the Ram’s Head office in
the Union, above the Cellar.
All seats are reserved, and
price is $1.50. Curtain time
for all four performances is
8:30.
