# Douglas Talks Today In Mem Aud
## 
### 
Senator Paul H. Douglas of Il
linois will speak on his recent
trip to Berlin today at 4:15 in
Memorial Auditorium. The free
program, open to the public, is
sponsored by the Political Union
and the Model U.S. Senate.

Douglas, a liberal, has become
known as an independent in the
Senate. He has worked for civil
rights and welfare measures, pi
oneered legislation to curb the
abuses of labor unions, and
fought against inflation and the
admission of Red China to the
UN.

Since entering the Senate in
1948 he has served on committees
such as Labor and Public Wel
fare, Banking and Currency and
Joint Committee on Economic Re
port. Recently he has been chair
man of the subcommittees on
Monetary, Fiscal and Credit Poli
cies and Ethnic Standards in Gov
ernment.

During World War II he served
with the Marines in the Pacific
and was awarded a bronze star
for “heroic achievement in action”
at the battle of Pelelui near Indo
nesia.

After getting his Ph.D in econ
omics at Harvard, he taught at
the University of Illinois, Reed
College and Washington Universi
ty. In 1930 he went into govern
ment service. He was on such
boards as the Pennsylvania Com
mission on Unemployment, Con
sumer’s Advisory Board NRA and
Advisory Committee to the United
States Senate and Social Security
Board.
Following the speech, Douglas
will bo the guest of the Model
U.S. Senate for dinner at L’Ome
lette Restaurant.


PAUL DOUGLAS
Senator from Illinois
