# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The burlesque baseball game sched
uled for to-morrow morning is an
event meriting a large attendance
from the Student Body. The men on
both teams have spared no pains in
arranging a match which will be en
joyable both from the standpoint of
the spectacular in costuming effect
and the class of baseball played. The
fact that the proceeds of the game
will be devoted to the Stanford Union
Fund should be an additional incen
tive for the undergraduates to be on
the bleachers when the "Armored
Umpire" calls "Play Ball!"
The burlesque baseball game sched
uled for to-morrow morning is an
event meriting a large attendance
from the Student Body. The men on
both teams have spared no pains in
arranging a match which will be en
joyable both from the standpoint of
the spectacular in costuming effect
and the class of baseball played. The
fact that the proceeds of the game
will be devoted to the Stanford Union
Fund should be an additional incen
tive for the undergraduates to be on
the bleachers when the "Armored
Umpire" calls "Play Ball!"
The burlesque baseball game sched
uled for to-morrow morning is an
event meriting a large attendance
from the Student Body. The men on
both teams have spared no pains in
arranging a match which will be en
joyable both from the standpoint of
the spectacular in costuming effect
and the class of baseball played. The
fact that the proceeds of the game
will be devoted to the Stanford Union
Fund should be an additional incen
tive for the undergraduates to be on
the bleachers when the "Armored
Umpire" calls "Play Ball!"
The burlesque baseball game sched
uled for to-morrow morning is an
event meriting a large attendance
from the Student Body. The men on
both teams have spared no pains in
arranging a match which will be en
joyable both from the standpoint of
the spectacular in costuming effect
and the class of baseball played. The
fact that the proceeds of the game
will be devoted to the Stanford Union
Fund should be an additional incen
tive for the undergraduates to be on
the bleachers when the "Armored
Umpire" calls "Play Ball!"
The burlesque baseball game sched
uled for to-morrow morning is an
event meriting a large attendance
from the Student Body. The men on
both teams have spared no pains in
arranging a match which will be en
joyable both from the standpoint of
the spectacular in costuming effect
and the class of baseball played. The
fact that the proceeds of the game
will be devoted to the Stanford Union
Fund should be an additional incen
tive for the undergraduates to be on
the bleachers when the "Armored
Umpire" calls "Play Ball!"
The burlesque baseball game sched
uled for to-morrow morning is an
event meriting a large attendance
from the Student Body. The men on
both teams have spared no pains in
arranging a match which will be en
joyable both from the standpoint of
the spectacular in costuming effect
and the class of baseball played. The
fact that the proceeds of the game
will be devoted to the Stanford Union
Fund should be an additional incen
tive for the undergraduates to be on
the bleachers when the "Armored
Umpire" calls "Play Ball!"
The burlesque baseball game sched
uled for to-morrow morning is an
event meriting a large attendance
from the Student Body. The men on
both teams have spared no pains in
arranging a match which will be en
joyable both from the standpoint of
the spectacular in costuming effect
and the class of baseball played. The
fact that the proceeds of the game
will be devoted to the Stanford Union
Fund should be an additional incen
tive for the undergraduates to be on
the bleachers when the "Armored
Umpire" calls "Play Ball!"
The burlesque baseball game sched
uled for to-morrow morning is an
event meriting a large attendance
from the Student Body. The men on
both teams have spared no pains in
arranging a match which will be en
joyable both from the standpoint of
the spectacular in costuming effect
and the class of baseball played. The
fact that the proceeds of the game
will be devoted to the Stanford Union
Fund should be an additional incen
tive for the undergraduates to be on
the bleachers when the "Armored
Umpire" calls "Play Ball!"
The burlesque baseball game sched
uled for to-morrow morning is an
event meriting a large attendance
from the Student Body. The men on
both teams have spared no pains in
arranging a match which will be en
joyable both from the standpoint of
the spectacular in costuming effect
and the class of baseball played. The
fact that the proceeds of the game
will be devoted to the Stanford Union
Fund should be an additional incen
tive for the undergraduates to be on
the bleachers when the "Armored
Umpire" calls "Play Ball!"
The burlesque baseball game sched
uled for to-morrow morning is an
event meriting a large attendance
from the Student Body. The men on
both teams have spared no pains in
arranging a match which will be en
joyable both from the standpoint of
the spectacular in costuming effect
and the class of baseball played. The
fact that the proceeds of the game
will be devoted to the Stanford Union
Fund should be an additional incen
tive for the undergraduates to be on
the bleachers when the "Armored
Umpire" calls "Play Ball!"
The burlesque baseball game sched
uled for to-morrow morning is an
event meriting a large attendance
from the Student Body. The men on
both teams have spared no pains in
arranging a match which will be en
joyable both from the standpoint of
the spectacular in costuming effect
and the class of baseball played. The
fact that the proceeds of the game
will be devoted to the Stanford Union
Fund should be an additional incen
tive for the undergraduates to be on
the bleachers when the "Armored
Umpire" calls "Play Ball!"
