# Untitled Article
## 
### 
ft. Faulkner, ex-'lO, the former
Stanford fullback, has been engaged
to coach Ihe St. Mary's College fool
ball team in place of S. Stewart, who
was forced to resign on account of
ill health.
ft. Faulkner, ex-'lO, the former
Stanford fullback, has been engaged
to coach Ihe St. Mary's College fool
ball team in place of S. Stewart, who
was forced to resign on account of
ill health.
ft. Faulkner, ex-'lO, the former
Stanford fullback, has been engaged
to coach Ihe St. Mary's College fool
ball team in place of S. Stewart, who
was forced to resign on account of
ill health.
ft. Faulkner, ex-'lO, the former
Stanford fullback, has been engaged
to coach Ihe St. Mary's College fool
ball team in place of S. Stewart, who
was forced to resign on account of
ill health.
ft. Faulkner, ex-'lO, the former
Stanford fullback, has been engaged
to coach Ihe St. Mary's College fool
ball team in place of S. Stewart, who
was forced to resign on account of
ill health.
ft. Faulkner, ex-'lO, the former
Stanford fullback, has been engaged
to coach Ihe St. Mary's College fool
ball team in place of S. Stewart, who
was forced to resign on account of
ill health.
ft. Faulkner, ex-'lO, the former
Stanford fullback, has been engaged
to coach Ihe St. Mary's College fool
ball team in place of S. Stewart, who
was forced to resign on account of
ill health.
ft. Faulkner, ex-'lO, the former
Stanford fullback, has been engaged
to coach Ihe St. Mary's College fool
ball team in place of S. Stewart, who
was forced to resign on account of
ill health.
ft. Faulkner, ex-'lO, the former
Stanford fullback, has been engaged
to coach Ihe St. Mary's College fool
ball team in place of S. Stewart, who
was forced to resign on account of
ill health.
ft. Faulkner, ex-'lO, the former
Stanford fullback, has been engaged
to coach Ihe St. Mary's College fool
ball team in place of S. Stewart, who
was forced to resign on account of
ill health.
ft. Faulkner, ex-'lO, the former
Stanford fullback, has been engaged
to coach Ihe St. Mary's College fool
ball team in place of S. Stewart, who
was forced to resign on account of
ill health.
