# C.F. Elwell Addresses Engineers.
## 
### 
C. F. Elwell, '07, delivered a lecture
to the Electrical Engineering Society
last evening on Industrial Furnaces
and Methods of Fine Steel Manufac
turing in Europe. Elwell is president
of the Roulsson Wireless Telegraph
Company.
After the lecture T. W. Snell, '10,
and E. G. McCann, '10, were elected to
the society.
C. F. Elwell, '07, delivered a lecture
to the Electrical Engineering Society
last evening on Industrial Furnaces
and Methods of Fine Steel Manufac
turing in Europe. Elwell is president
of the Roulsson Wireless Telegraph
Company.
After the lecture T. W. Snell, '10,
and E. G. McCann, '10, were elected to
the society.
C. F. Elwell, '07, delivered a lecture
to the Electrical Engineering Society
last evening on Industrial Furnaces
and Methods of Fine Steel Manufac
turing in Europe. Elwell is president
of the Roulsson Wireless Telegraph
Company.
After the lecture T. W. Snell, '10,
and E. G. McCann, '10, were elected to
the society.
C. F. Elwell, '07, delivered a lecture
to the Electrical Engineering Society
last evening on Industrial Furnaces
and Methods of Fine Steel Manufac
turing in Europe. Elwell is president
of the Roulsson Wireless Telegraph
Company.
After the lecture T. W. Snell, '10,
and E. G. McCann, '10, were elected to
the society.
C. F. Elwell, '07, delivered a lecture
to the Electrical Engineering Society
last evening on Industrial Furnaces
and Methods of Fine Steel Manufac
turing in Europe. Elwell is president
of the Roulsson Wireless Telegraph
Company.
After the lecture T. W. Snell, '10,
and E. G. McCann, '10, were elected to
the society.
C. F. Elwell, '07, delivered a lecture
to the Electrical Engineering Society
last evening on Industrial Furnaces
and Methods of Fine Steel Manufac
turing in Europe. Elwell is president
of the Roulsson Wireless Telegraph
Company.
After the lecture T. W. Snell, '10,
and E. G. McCann, '10, were elected to
the society.
C. F. Elwell, '07, delivered a lecture
to the Electrical Engineering Society
last evening on Industrial Furnaces
and Methods of Fine Steel Manufac
turing in Europe. Elwell is president
of the Roulsson Wireless Telegraph
Company.
After the lecture T. W. Snell, '10,
and E. G. McCann, '10, were elected to
the society.
C. F. Elwell, '07, delivered a lecture
to the Electrical Engineering Society
last evening on Industrial Furnaces
and Methods of Fine Steel Manufac
turing in Europe. Elwell is president
of the Roulsson Wireless Telegraph
Company.
After the lecture T. W. Snell, '10,
and E. G. McCann, '10, were elected to
the society.
C. F. Elwell, '07, delivered a lecture
to the Electrical Engineering Society
last evening on Industrial Furnaces
and Methods of Fine Steel Manufac
turing in Europe. Elwell is president
of the Roulsson Wireless Telegraph
Company.
After the lecture T. W. Snell, '10,
and E. G. McCann, '10, were elected to
the society.
C. F. Elwell, '07, delivered a lecture
to the Electrical Engineering Society
last evening on Industrial Furnaces
and Methods of Fine Steel Manufac
turing in Europe. Elwell is president
of the Roulsson Wireless Telegraph
Company.
After the lecture T. W. Snell, '10,
and E. G. McCann, '10, were elected to
the society.
C. F. Elwell, '07, delivered a lecture
to the Electrical Engineering Society
last evening on Industrial Furnaces
and Methods of Fine Steel Manufac
turing in Europe. Elwell is president
of the Roulsson Wireless Telegraph
Company.
After the lecture T. W. Snell, '10,
and E. G. McCann, '10, were elected to
the society.
