# Literary Societies Cancel Meetings.
## 
### 
Euphronia and Nestoria Literary
Societies will not hold their usual
weekly meetings next Tuesday eve
ning, owing to the fact that a large
percentage of the respective mem
berships will be in attendance at the
San Francisco municipal election.
Euphronia and Nestoria Literary
Societies will not hold their usual
weekly meetings next Tuesday eve
ning, owing to the fact that a large
percentage of the respective mem
berships will be in attendance at the
San Francisco municipal election.
Euphronia and Nestoria Literary
Societies will not hold their usual
weekly meetings next Tuesday eve
ning, owing to the fact that a large
percentage of the respective mem
berships will be in attendance at the
San Francisco municipal election.
Euphronia and Nestoria Literary
Societies will not hold their usual
weekly meetings next Tuesday eve
ning, owing to the fact that a large
percentage of the respective mem
berships will be in attendance at the
San Francisco municipal election.
Euphronia and Nestoria Literary
Societies will not hold their usual
weekly meetings next Tuesday eve
ning, owing to the fact that a large
percentage of the respective mem
berships will be in attendance at the
San Francisco municipal election.
Euphronia and Nestoria Literary
Societies will not hold their usual
weekly meetings next Tuesday eve
ning, owing to the fact that a large
percentage of the respective mem
berships will be in attendance at the
San Francisco municipal election.
Euphronia and Nestoria Literary
Societies will not hold their usual
weekly meetings next Tuesday eve
ning, owing to the fact that a large
percentage of the respective mem
berships will be in attendance at the
San Francisco municipal election.
Euphronia and Nestoria Literary
Societies will not hold their usual
weekly meetings next Tuesday eve
ning, owing to the fact that a large
percentage of the respective mem
berships will be in attendance at the
San Francisco municipal election.
Euphronia and Nestoria Literary
Societies will not hold their usual
weekly meetings next Tuesday eve
ning, owing to the fact that a large
percentage of the respective mem
berships will be in attendance at the
San Francisco municipal election.
Euphronia and Nestoria Literary
Societies will not hold their usual
weekly meetings next Tuesday eve
ning, owing to the fact that a large
percentage of the respective mem
berships will be in attendance at the
San Francisco municipal election.
Euphronia and Nestoria Literary
Societies will not hold their usual
weekly meetings next Tuesday eve
ning, owing to the fact that a large
percentage of the respective mem
berships will be in attendance at the
San Francisco municipal election.
