# Untitled Article
## 
### 
If the land surface of the earth
were divided among the inhabitants,
each person would receive approxi
mately 20 acres.
If the land surface of the earth
were divided among the inhabitants,
each person would receive approxi
mately 20 acres.
If the land surface of the earth
were divided among the inhabitants,
each person would receive approxi
mately 20 acres.
If the land surface of the earth
were divided among the inhabitants,
each person would receive approxi
mately 20 acres.
If the land surface of the earth
were divided among the inhabitants,
each person would receive approxi
mately 20 acres.
If the land surface of the earth
were divided among the inhabitants,
each person would receive approxi
mately 20 acres.
If the land surface of the earth
were divided among the inhabitants,
each person would receive approxi
mately 20 acres.
If the land surface of the earth
were divided among the inhabitants,
each person would receive approxi
mately 20 acres.
If the land surface of the earth
were divided among the inhabitants,
each person would receive approxi
mately 20 acres.
If the land surface of the earth
were divided among the inhabitants,
each person would receive approxi
mately 20 acres.
If the land surface of the earth
were divided among the inhabitants,
each person would receive approxi
mately 20 acres.
If the land surface of the earth
were divided among the inhabitants,
each person would receive approxi
mately 20 acres.
If the land surface of the earth
were divided among the inhabitants,
each person would receive approxi
mately 20 acres.
If the land surface of the earth
were divided among the inhabitants,
each person would receive approxi
mately 20 acres.
If the land surface of the earth
were divided among the inhabitants,
each person would receive approxi
mately 20 acres.
If the land surface of the earth
were divided among the inhabitants,
each person would receive approxi
mately 20 acres.
If the land surface of the earth
were divided among the inhabitants,
each person would receive approxi
mately 20 acres.
