# Potential 1-A's Flock To Union Residence
## 
### 
According to rumor, Union Resi
dence has been playing politics.
The story is out that the girls at
the Union Residence have a direct
pull with General Hershey. Con
sequently, last Saturday night all
of the 67 girls at Union went out
except two. This pair was still out
with General Hershey from Fri
day night! Anyway, that's the
story.
According to rumor, Union Resi
dence has been playing politics.
The story is out that the girls at
the Union Residence have a direct
pull with General Hershey. Con
sequently, last Saturday night all
of the 67 girls at Union went out
except two. This pair was still out
with General Hershey from Fri
day night! Anyway, that's the
story.
According to rumor, Union Resi
dence has been playing politics.
The story is out that the girls at
the Union Residence have a direct
pull with General Hershey. Con
sequently, last Saturday night all
of the 67 girls at Union went out
except two. This pair was still out
with General Hershey from Fri
day night! Anyway, that's the
story.
According to rumor, Union Resi
dence has been playing politics.
The story is out that the girls at
the Union Residence have a direct
pull with General Hershey. Con
sequently, last Saturday night all
of the 67 girls at Union went out
except two. This pair was still out
with General Hershey from Fri
day night! Anyway, that's the
story.
According to rumor, Union Resi
dence has been playing politics.
The story is out that the girls at
the Union Residence have a direct
pull with General Hershey. Con
sequently, last Saturday night all
of the 67 girls at Union went out
except two. This pair was still out
with General Hershey from Fri
day night! Anyway, that's the
story.
According to rumor, Union Resi
dence has been playing politics.
The story is out that the girls at
the Union Residence have a direct
pull with General Hershey. Con
sequently, last Saturday night all
of the 67 girls at Union went out
except two. This pair was still out
with General Hershey from Fri
day night! Anyway, that's the
story.
According to rumor, Union Resi
dence has been playing politics.
The story is out that the girls at
the Union Residence have a direct
pull with General Hershey. Con
sequently, last Saturday night all
of the 67 girls at Union went out
except two. This pair was still out
with General Hershey from Fri
day night! Anyway, that's the
story.
According to rumor, Union Resi
dence has been playing politics.
The story is out that the girls at
the Union Residence have a direct
pull with General Hershey. Con
sequently, last Saturday night all
of the 67 girls at Union went out
except two. This pair was still out
with General Hershey from Fri
day night! Anyway, that's the
story.
According to rumor, Union Resi
dence has been playing politics.
The story is out that the girls at
the Union Residence have a direct
pull with General Hershey. Con
sequently, last Saturday night all
of the 67 girls at Union went out
except two. This pair was still out
with General Hershey from Fri
day night! Anyway, that's the
story.
According to rumor, Union Resi
dence has been playing politics.
The story is out that the girls at
the Union Residence have a direct
pull with General Hershey. Con
sequently, last Saturday night all
of the 67 girls at Union went out
except two. This pair was still out
with General Hershey from Fri
day night! Anyway, that's the
story.
According to rumor, Union Resi
dence has been playing politics.
The story is out that the girls at
the Union Residence have a direct
pull with General Hershey. Con
sequently, last Saturday night all
of the 67 girls at Union went out
except two. This pair was still out
with General Hershey from Fri
day night! Anyway, that's the
story.
According to rumor, Union Resi
dence has been playing politics.
The story is out that the girls at
the Union Residence have a direct
pull with General Hershey. Con
sequently, last Saturday night all
of the 67 girls at Union went out
except two. This pair was still out
with General Hershey from Fri
day night! Anyway, that's the
story.
According to rumor, Union Resi
dence has been playing politics.
The story is out that the girls at
the Union Residence have a direct
pull with General Hershey. Con
sequently, last Saturday night all
of the 67 girls at Union went out
except two. This pair was still out
with General Hershey from Fri
day night! Anyway, that's the
story.
According to rumor, Union Resi
dence has been playing politics.
The story is out that the girls at
the Union Residence have a direct
pull with General Hershey. Con
sequently, last Saturday night all
of the 67 girls at Union went out
except two. This pair was still out
with General Hershey from Fri
day night! Anyway, that's the
story.
According to rumor, Union Resi
dence has been playing politics.
The story is out that the girls at
the Union Residence have a direct
pull with General Hershey. Con
sequently, last Saturday night all
of the 67 girls at Union went out
except two. This pair was still out
with General Hershey from Fri
day night! Anyway, that's the
story.
According to rumor, Union Resi
dence has been playing politics.
The story is out that the girls at
the Union Residence have a direct
pull with General Hershey. Con
sequently, last Saturday night all
of the 67 girls at Union went out
except two. This pair was still out
with General Hershey from Fri
day night! Anyway, that's the
story.
According to rumor, Union Resi
dence has been playing politics.
The story is out that the girls at
the Union Residence have a direct
pull with General Hershey. Con
sequently, last Saturday night all
of the 67 girls at Union went out
except two. This pair was still out
with General Hershey from Fri
day night! Anyway, that's the
story.
