# Untitled Article
## 
### 

WORK OF Robert D. Murphy, left, the President's personal representative
in North Africa, in preparing preliminary steps for the invasion by
British and Americans, is recognized as Lieut. Gen. Dwight D. Eisen-hower
pins on him the United States Distinguished Service Medal.

WORK OF Robert D. Murphy, left, the President's personal representative
in North Africa, in preparing preliminary steps for the invasion by
British and Americans, is recognized as Lieut. Gen. Dwight D. Eisen-hower
pins on him the United States Distinguished Service Medal.

WORK OF Robert D. Murphy, left, the President's personal representative
in North Africa, in preparing preliminary steps for the invasion by
British and Americans, is recognized as Lieut. Gen. Dwight D. Eisen-hower
pins on him the United States Distinguished Service Medal.

WORK OF Robert D. Murphy, left, the President's personal representative
in North Africa, in preparing preliminary steps for the invasion by
British and Americans, is recognized as Lieut. Gen. Dwight D. Eisen-hower
pins on him the United States Distinguished Service Medal.

WORK OF Robert D. Murphy, left, the President's personal representative
in North Africa, in preparing preliminary steps for the invasion by
British and Americans, is recognized as Lieut. Gen. Dwight D. Eisen-hower
pins on him the United States Distinguished Service Medal.

WORK OF Robert D. Murphy, left, the President's personal representative
in North Africa, in preparing preliminary steps for the invasion by
British and Americans, is recognized as Lieut. Gen. Dwight D. Eisen-hower
pins on him the United States Distinguished Service Medal.

WORK OF Robert D. Murphy, left, the President's personal representative
in North Africa, in preparing preliminary steps for the invasion by
British and Americans, is recognized as Lieut. Gen. Dwight D. Eisen-hower
pins on him the United States Distinguished Service Medal.

WORK OF Robert D. Murphy, left, the President's personal representative
in North Africa, in preparing preliminary steps for the invasion by
British and Americans, is recognized as Lieut. Gen. Dwight D. Eisen-hower
pins on him the United States Distinguished Service Medal.

WORK OF Robert D. Murphy, left, the President's personal representative
in North Africa, in preparing preliminary steps for the invasion by
British and Americans, is recognized as Lieut. Gen. Dwight D. Eisen-hower
pins on him the United States Distinguished Service Medal.

WORK OF Robert D. Murphy, left, the President's personal representative
in North Africa, in preparing preliminary steps for the invasion by
British and Americans, is recognized as Lieut. Gen. Dwight D. Eisen-hower
pins on him the United States Distinguished Service Medal.

WORK OF Robert D. Murphy, left, the President's personal representative
in North Africa, in preparing preliminary steps for the invasion by
British and Americans, is recognized as Lieut. Gen. Dwight D. Eisen-hower
pins on him the United States Distinguished Service Medal.

WORK OF Robert D. Murphy, left, the President's personal representative
in North Africa, in preparing preliminary steps for the invasion by
British and Americans, is recognized as Lieut. Gen. Dwight D. Eisen-hower
pins on him the United States Distinguished Service Medal.

WORK OF Robert D. Murphy, left, the President's personal representative
in North Africa, in preparing preliminary steps for the invasion by
British and Americans, is recognized as Lieut. Gen. Dwight D. Eisen-hower
pins on him the United States Distinguished Service Medal.

WORK OF Robert D. Murphy, left, the President's personal representative
in North Africa, in preparing preliminary steps for the invasion by
British and Americans, is recognized as Lieut. Gen. Dwight D. Eisen-hower
pins on him the United States Distinguished Service Medal.

WORK OF Robert D. Murphy, left, the President's personal representative
in North Africa, in preparing preliminary steps for the invasion by
British and Americans, is recognized as Lieut. Gen. Dwight D. Eisen-hower
pins on him the United States Distinguished Service Medal.

WORK OF Robert D. Murphy, left, the President's personal representative
in North Africa, in preparing preliminary steps for the invasion by
British and Americans, is recognized as Lieut. Gen. Dwight D. Eisen-hower
pins on him the United States Distinguished Service Medal.

WORK OF Robert D. Murphy, left, the President's personal representative
in North Africa, in preparing preliminary steps for the invasion by
British and Americans, is recognized as Lieut. Gen. Dwight D. Eisen-hower
pins on him the United States Distinguished Service Medal.
