# Stamberg Accepts
## 
### 
Dr. Olof E. Stamberg, a research
associate in Stanford's chemistry de
partment, has resigned his position
to accept one as professor of agri
cultural chemistry at the University
of Idaho.
Dr. Olof E. Stamberg, a research
associate in Stanford's chemistry de
partment, has resigned his position
to accept one as professor of agri
cultural chemistry at the University
of Idaho.
Dr. Olof E. Stamberg, a research
associate in Stanford's chemistry de
partment, has resigned his position
to accept one as professor of agri
cultural chemistry at the University
of Idaho.
Dr. Olof E. Stamberg, a research
associate in Stanford's chemistry de
partment, has resigned his position
to accept one as professor of agri
cultural chemistry at the University
of Idaho.
Dr. Olof E. Stamberg, a research
associate in Stanford's chemistry de
partment, has resigned his position
to accept one as professor of agri
cultural chemistry at the University
of Idaho.
Dr. Olof E. Stamberg, a research
associate in Stanford's chemistry de
partment, has resigned his position
to accept one as professor of agri
cultural chemistry at the University
of Idaho.
Dr. Olof E. Stamberg, a research
associate in Stanford's chemistry de
partment, has resigned his position
to accept one as professor of agri
cultural chemistry at the University
of Idaho.
Dr. Olof E. Stamberg, a research
associate in Stanford's chemistry de
partment, has resigned his position
to accept one as professor of agri
cultural chemistry at the University
of Idaho.
Dr. Olof E. Stamberg, a research
associate in Stanford's chemistry de
partment, has resigned his position
to accept one as professor of agri
cultural chemistry at the University
of Idaho.
Dr. Olof E. Stamberg, a research
associate in Stanford's chemistry de
partment, has resigned his position
to accept one as professor of agri
cultural chemistry at the University
of Idaho.
Dr. Olof E. Stamberg, a research
associate in Stanford's chemistry de
partment, has resigned his position
to accept one as professor of agri
cultural chemistry at the University
of Idaho.
Dr. Olof E. Stamberg, a research
associate in Stanford's chemistry de
partment, has resigned his position
to accept one as professor of agri
cultural chemistry at the University
of Idaho.
Dr. Olof E. Stamberg, a research
associate in Stanford's chemistry de
partment, has resigned his position
to accept one as professor of agri
cultural chemistry at the University
of Idaho.
Dr. Olof E. Stamberg, a research
associate in Stanford's chemistry de
partment, has resigned his position
to accept one as professor of agri
cultural chemistry at the University
of Idaho.
Dr. Olof E. Stamberg, a research
associate in Stanford's chemistry de
partment, has resigned his position
to accept one as professor of agri
cultural chemistry at the University
of Idaho.
Dr. Olof E. Stamberg, a research
associate in Stanford's chemistry de
partment, has resigned his position
to accept one as professor of agri
cultural chemistry at the University
of Idaho.
Dr. Olof E. Stamberg, a research
associate in Stanford's chemistry de
partment, has resigned his position
to accept one as professor of agri
cultural chemistry at the University
of Idaho.
