# Pepper Martin to Manage Rochester
## 
### 
OKLAHOMA CITY, Jan. 2fi (UP).
—Pepper Martin, who has a con
tract to manage the Rochester team
of the International League for the
1943 season, is. enrolled in an air
craft welding course, just in case.
He was formerly a St. Louis Car
dinal. and last year managed Sacra
mento in the Pacific Coast League.
He also plays the musical jug.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Jan. 2fi (UP).
—Pepper Martin, who has a con
tract to manage the Rochester team
of the International League for the
1943 season, is. enrolled in an air
craft welding course, just in case.
He was formerly a St. Louis Car
dinal. and last year managed Sacra
mento in the Pacific Coast League.
He also plays the musical jug.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Jan. 2fi (UP).
—Pepper Martin, who has a con
tract to manage the Rochester team
of the International League for the
1943 season, is. enrolled in an air
craft welding course, just in case.
He was formerly a St. Louis Car
dinal. and last year managed Sacra
mento in the Pacific Coast League.
He also plays the musical jug.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Jan. 2fi (UP).
—Pepper Martin, who has a con
tract to manage the Rochester team
of the International League for the
1943 season, is. enrolled in an air
craft welding course, just in case.
He was formerly a St. Louis Car
dinal. and last year managed Sacra
mento in the Pacific Coast League.
He also plays the musical jug.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Jan. 2fi (UP).
—Pepper Martin, who has a con
tract to manage the Rochester team
of the International League for the
1943 season, is. enrolled in an air
craft welding course, just in case.
He was formerly a St. Louis Car
dinal. and last year managed Sacra
mento in the Pacific Coast League.
He also plays the musical jug.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Jan. 2fi (UP).
—Pepper Martin, who has a con
tract to manage the Rochester team
of the International League for the
1943 season, is. enrolled in an air
craft welding course, just in case.
He was formerly a St. Louis Car
dinal. and last year managed Sacra
mento in the Pacific Coast League.
He also plays the musical jug.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Jan. 2fi (UP).
—Pepper Martin, who has a con
tract to manage the Rochester team
of the International League for the
1943 season, is. enrolled in an air
craft welding course, just in case.
He was formerly a St. Louis Car
dinal. and last year managed Sacra
mento in the Pacific Coast League.
He also plays the musical jug.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Jan. 2fi (UP).
—Pepper Martin, who has a con
tract to manage the Rochester team
of the International League for the
1943 season, is. enrolled in an air
craft welding course, just in case.
He was formerly a St. Louis Car
dinal. and last year managed Sacra
mento in the Pacific Coast League.
He also plays the musical jug.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Jan. 2fi (UP).
—Pepper Martin, who has a con
tract to manage the Rochester team
of the International League for the
1943 season, is. enrolled in an air
craft welding course, just in case.
He was formerly a St. Louis Car
dinal. and last year managed Sacra
mento in the Pacific Coast League.
He also plays the musical jug.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Jan. 2fi (UP).
—Pepper Martin, who has a con
tract to manage the Rochester team
of the International League for the
1943 season, is. enrolled in an air
craft welding course, just in case.
He was formerly a St. Louis Car
dinal. and last year managed Sacra
mento in the Pacific Coast League.
He also plays the musical jug.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Jan. 2fi (UP).
—Pepper Martin, who has a con
tract to manage the Rochester team
of the International League for the
1943 season, is. enrolled in an air
craft welding course, just in case.
He was formerly a St. Louis Car
dinal. and last year managed Sacra
mento in the Pacific Coast League.
He also plays the musical jug.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Jan. 2fi (UP).
—Pepper Martin, who has a con
tract to manage the Rochester team
of the International League for the
1943 season, is. enrolled in an air
craft welding course, just in case.
He was formerly a St. Louis Car
dinal. and last year managed Sacra
mento in the Pacific Coast League.
He also plays the musical jug.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Jan. 2fi (UP).
—Pepper Martin, who has a con
tract to manage the Rochester team
of the International League for the
1943 season, is. enrolled in an air
craft welding course, just in case.
He was formerly a St. Louis Car
dinal. and last year managed Sacra
mento in the Pacific Coast League.
He also plays the musical jug.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Jan. 2fi (UP).
—Pepper Martin, who has a con
tract to manage the Rochester team
of the International League for the
1943 season, is. enrolled in an air
craft welding course, just in case.
He was formerly a St. Louis Car
dinal. and last year managed Sacra
mento in the Pacific Coast League.
He also plays the musical jug.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Jan. 2fi (UP).
—Pepper Martin, who has a con
tract to manage the Rochester team
of the International League for the
1943 season, is. enrolled in an air
craft welding course, just in case.
He was formerly a St. Louis Car
dinal. and last year managed Sacra
mento in the Pacific Coast League.
He also plays the musical jug.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Jan. 2fi (UP).
—Pepper Martin, who has a con
tract to manage the Rochester team
of the International League for the
1943 season, is. enrolled in an air
craft welding course, just in case.
He was formerly a St. Louis Car
dinal. and last year managed Sacra
mento in the Pacific Coast League.
He also plays the musical jug.
OKLAHOMA CITY, Jan. 2fi (UP).
—Pepper Martin, who has a con
tract to manage the Rochester team
of the International League for the
1943 season, is. enrolled in an air
craft welding course, just in case.
He was formerly a St. Louis Car
dinal. and last year managed Sacra
mento in the Pacific Coast League.
He also plays the musical jug.
