# New Editors for "Alumnus."
## 
### 
The Alumnus has a new set of
editors, making up the smallest
stuff it has ever had. Dr. Edwin
K. Copeland, '95, of the Botany de
partment, Stanford record holder
for the half-mile run, is editor-in

chief. Archie Rice, '1)5, of the San
Francisco Chronicle, William J.
Ntiilig,'96, of the English depart
ment, William H. Irwin,Sun
day editor of the San Francisco
Chronicle, and Miss Mary Lockey,
'02, are the alumni associate edi
tors; R. 0. Hadlev, '03, and Tho
reau Cronyn, '03, are the under
graduate campus editors; and C. F.
Wright, '96, is the business mana
ger. Rice, Neidig, and Irwin were
much identified with college publi
cations during their undergraduate
years here.
It is the intention of the new
editor to give the magazine a dis
tinctive tone as the organ of the
great body of students who have
been at the University, and Rice
and Irwin, whom the Executive
Committee refused to endorse as ed
itors for last year, have consented
to give their services toward the
making of a newsier and more vig
orous publication.
Under the new management the
magazine is to appear on the first
day of each month. The first num
ber is due on Wednesday.
