# Smith Re-instated.
## 
### 
''Locomotive" Smith, the crack
California half-back, whose ama
teur record has been challenged by
charges of professionalism, has re
ceived a certificate of good amateur
standing from the registration com
mittee of the Pacific Athletic Asso
ciation. Smith received $450 for
coaching the University of Oregon
team and the committee decided
that this was but payment of legiti
mate expenses and could not be re
garded as a salary for professional
services.
Smith's record has been an ex
ceptionally brilliant one. For
three years he played on the Cali
fornia Varsity, and was chosen
captain of the 15)01 team, but was
debarred on account of scholarship
requirements.
