# Adv. 19 Page 5
## 
### 
Dear Mr. Jones:
Do you know how many lubrication
points there are on your Dodge? Do
you know the right kind of grease
that should be used at the right
point? And most important of all, do
the mechanics who lubricate your fine
Dodge know the answers to these ques
tions ?
There is no safer insurance for
long-lived performance of your Dodge
you can buy than to secure authorized
Dodge lubrication at our Service De
partment â€”lubrication done by factory
trained men who follow factory speci
fications to the letter, so you may
get a perfect lubrication job.
Won't you bring your Dodge into
our Service Department for a complete
chassis lubrication, just as the fac
tory recommends it? The pri-ce is
only $1.00 for a complete chassis
lubrication. Let us see you soon.
Yours very truly,
Glenn V. Bonine
Dodge and Plymouth
Channing and Alma
Palo Alto
