# Golden Bear Trackmen To Compete in ICAAAA
## 
### 
According to a recent announce
ment, at least two California track
stars, Bob Kiesel and Bob Clark,
will compete for the Bears in the
IC4-A meet at Franklin Field, Phila
delphia, on May 25 and 26.
According to a recent announce
ment, at least two California track
stars, Bob Kiesel and Bob Clark,
will compete for the Bears in the
IC4-A meet at Franklin Field, Phila
delphia, on May 25 and 26.
According to a recent announce
ment, at least two California track
stars, Bob Kiesel and Bob Clark,
will compete for the Bears in the
IC4-A meet at Franklin Field, Phila
delphia, on May 25 and 26.
According to a recent announce
ment, at least two California track
stars, Bob Kiesel and Bob Clark,
will compete for the Bears in the
IC4-A meet at Franklin Field, Phila
delphia, on May 25 and 26.
According to a recent announce
ment, at least two California track
stars, Bob Kiesel and Bob Clark,
will compete for the Bears in the
IC4-A meet at Franklin Field, Phila
delphia, on May 25 and 26.
According to a recent announce
ment, at least two California track
stars, Bob Kiesel and Bob Clark,
will compete for the Bears in the
IC4-A meet at Franklin Field, Phila
delphia, on May 25 and 26.
According to a recent announce
ment, at least two California track
stars, Bob Kiesel and Bob Clark,
will compete for the Bears in the
IC4-A meet at Franklin Field, Phila
delphia, on May 25 and 26.
According to a recent announce
ment, at least two California track
stars, Bob Kiesel and Bob Clark,
will compete for the Bears in the
IC4-A meet at Franklin Field, Phila
delphia, on May 25 and 26.
According to a recent announce
ment, at least two California track
stars, Bob Kiesel and Bob Clark,
will compete for the Bears in the
IC4-A meet at Franklin Field, Phila
delphia, on May 25 and 26.
According to a recent announce
ment, at least two California track
stars, Bob Kiesel and Bob Clark,
will compete for the Bears in the
IC4-A meet at Franklin Field, Phila
delphia, on May 25 and 26.
According to a recent announce
ment, at least two California track
stars, Bob Kiesel and Bob Clark,
will compete for the Bears in the
IC4-A meet at Franklin Field, Phila
delphia, on May 25 and 26.
According to a recent announce
ment, at least two California track
stars, Bob Kiesel and Bob Clark,
will compete for the Bears in the
IC4-A meet at Franklin Field, Phila
delphia, on May 25 and 26.
According to a recent announce
ment, at least two California track
stars, Bob Kiesel and Bob Clark,
will compete for the Bears in the
IC4-A meet at Franklin Field, Phila
delphia, on May 25 and 26.
According to a recent announce
ment, at least two California track
stars, Bob Kiesel and Bob Clark,
will compete for the Bears in the
IC4-A meet at Franklin Field, Phila
delphia, on May 25 and 26.
According to a recent announce
ment, at least two California track
stars, Bob Kiesel and Bob Clark,
will compete for the Bears in the
IC4-A meet at Franklin Field, Phila
delphia, on May 25 and 26.
