# U.C. SPEEDSTER
## 
### 

Bob Kiesel js University of Cali
fornia's hope in the sprints this sea
son. He holds hoth Big Meet dash
records. (A.P. Photo)

Bob Kiesel js University of Cali
fornia's hope in the sprints this sea
son. He holds hoth Big Meet dash
records. (A.P. Photo)

Bob Kiesel js University of Cali
fornia's hope in the sprints this sea
son. He holds hoth Big Meet dash
records. (A.P. Photo)

Bob Kiesel js University of Cali
fornia's hope in the sprints this sea
son. He holds hoth Big Meet dash
records. (A.P. Photo)

Bob Kiesel js University of Cali
fornia's hope in the sprints this sea
son. He holds hoth Big Meet dash
records. (A.P. Photo)

Bob Kiesel js University of Cali
fornia's hope in the sprints this sea
son. He holds hoth Big Meet dash
records. (A.P. Photo)

Bob Kiesel js University of Cali
fornia's hope in the sprints this sea
son. He holds hoth Big Meet dash
records. (A.P. Photo)

Bob Kiesel js University of Cali
fornia's hope in the sprints this sea
son. He holds hoth Big Meet dash
records. (A.P. Photo)

Bob Kiesel js University of Cali
fornia's hope in the sprints this sea
son. He holds hoth Big Meet dash
records. (A.P. Photo)

Bob Kiesel js University of Cali
fornia's hope in the sprints this sea
son. He holds hoth Big Meet dash
records. (A.P. Photo)

Bob Kiesel js University of Cali
fornia's hope in the sprints this sea
son. He holds hoth Big Meet dash
records. (A.P. Photo)

Bob Kiesel js University of Cali
fornia's hope in the sprints this sea
son. He holds hoth Big Meet dash
records. (A.P. Photo)

Bob Kiesel js University of Cali
fornia's hope in the sprints this sea
son. He holds hoth Big Meet dash
records. (A.P. Photo)

Bob Kiesel js University of Cali
fornia's hope in the sprints this sea
son. He holds hoth Big Meet dash
records. (A.P. Photo)

Bob Kiesel js University of Cali
fornia's hope in the sprints this sea
son. He holds hoth Big Meet dash
records. (A.P. Photo)
