# MOTHERS' CLUB
## 
### 
An International Fete will be the
theme of the Stanford Mothers'
Club annual Spring Garden Festi
val which is to. be held on May Zi
in the gardens of Mrs. Paul Shoup
in Los Altos.
An International Fete will be the
theme of the Stanford Mothers'
Club annual Spring Garden Festi
val which is to. be held on May Zi
in the gardens of Mrs. Paul Shoup
in Los Altos.
An International Fete will be the
theme of the Stanford Mothers'
Club annual Spring Garden Festi
val which is to. be held on May Zi
in the gardens of Mrs. Paul Shoup
in Los Altos.
An International Fete will be the
theme of the Stanford Mothers'
Club annual Spring Garden Festi
val which is to. be held on May Zi
in the gardens of Mrs. Paul Shoup
in Los Altos.
An International Fete will be the
theme of the Stanford Mothers'
Club annual Spring Garden Festi
val which is to. be held on May Zi
in the gardens of Mrs. Paul Shoup
in Los Altos.
An International Fete will be the
theme of the Stanford Mothers'
Club annual Spring Garden Festi
val which is to. be held on May Zi
in the gardens of Mrs. Paul Shoup
in Los Altos.
An International Fete will be the
theme of the Stanford Mothers'
Club annual Spring Garden Festi
val which is to. be held on May Zi
in the gardens of Mrs. Paul Shoup
in Los Altos.
An International Fete will be the
theme of the Stanford Mothers'
Club annual Spring Garden Festi
val which is to. be held on May Zi
in the gardens of Mrs. Paul Shoup
in Los Altos.
An International Fete will be the
theme of the Stanford Mothers'
Club annual Spring Garden Festi
val which is to. be held on May Zi
in the gardens of Mrs. Paul Shoup
in Los Altos.
An International Fete will be the
theme of the Stanford Mothers'
Club annual Spring Garden Festi
val which is to. be held on May Zi
in the gardens of Mrs. Paul Shoup
in Los Altos.
An International Fete will be the
theme of the Stanford Mothers'
Club annual Spring Garden Festi
val which is to. be held on May Zi
in the gardens of Mrs. Paul Shoup
in Los Altos.
An International Fete will be the
theme of the Stanford Mothers'
Club annual Spring Garden Festi
val which is to. be held on May Zi
in the gardens of Mrs. Paul Shoup
in Los Altos.
An International Fete will be the
theme of the Stanford Mothers'
Club annual Spring Garden Festi
val which is to. be held on May Zi
in the gardens of Mrs. Paul Shoup
in Los Altos.
An International Fete will be the
theme of the Stanford Mothers'
Club annual Spring Garden Festi
val which is to. be held on May Zi
in the gardens of Mrs. Paul Shoup
in Los Altos.
An International Fete will be the
theme of the Stanford Mothers'
Club annual Spring Garden Festi
val which is to. be held on May Zi
in the gardens of Mrs. Paul Shoup
in Los Altos.
