# Odegard Talks On New Deal
## 
### 
"The New Deal" and its practi
cal applications was the subject of
a talk by Dr. Peter Odegard before
an audience of political science stu
dents last night.
Dr. Odegard, who is serving in
place of Thomas Barcley on leave
this quarter, and is giving courses
in his favored field of public opin
ion this and summer quarters, em
phasized the ultimate objectives of
the N.R.A. in relation to economic
life.
Claiming that he was tongue-tied
without notes, Odegard preferred to
read a report dealing with the
changes brought about by the pres
ent administration and the partial
failure of the system.
Following the formal talk, the
floor was opened to discussion in
which Odegard answered specific
questions on the brain trust and
Roosevelt's use of such advice. Ode
gard and Walter Thompson, associ
ate professor of political! science
engaged in a talk fest after the
meeting had formally adjourned in
which pet theories on the condition
of the country and the relative
probability of democracy and fas
cism entered.
