# PAY INJURED WORKERS
## 
### 
, SAN FRANCISCO, April 19 (/P).~
R. C. Branion, State Emergency Rol
lief Administrator, announced the
SERA would set up reserves to pro
vide for industrial accident com
pensation to workers on the relief
program.
, SAN FRANCISCO, April 19 (/P).~
R. C. Branion, State Emergency Rol
lief Administrator, announced the
SERA would set up reserves to pro
vide for industrial accident com
pensation to workers on the relief
program.
, SAN FRANCISCO, April 19 (/P).~
R. C. Branion, State Emergency Rol
lief Administrator, announced the
SERA would set up reserves to pro
vide for industrial accident com
pensation to workers on the relief
program.
, SAN FRANCISCO, April 19 (/P).~
R. C. Branion, State Emergency Rol
lief Administrator, announced the
SERA would set up reserves to pro
vide for industrial accident com
pensation to workers on the relief
program.
, SAN FRANCISCO, April 19 (/P).~
R. C. Branion, State Emergency Rol
lief Administrator, announced the
SERA would set up reserves to pro
vide for industrial accident com
pensation to workers on the relief
program.
, SAN FRANCISCO, April 19 (/P).~
R. C. Branion, State Emergency Rol
lief Administrator, announced the
SERA would set up reserves to pro
vide for industrial accident com
pensation to workers on the relief
program.
, SAN FRANCISCO, April 19 (/P).~
R. C. Branion, State Emergency Rol
lief Administrator, announced the
SERA would set up reserves to pro
vide for industrial accident com
pensation to workers on the relief
program.
, SAN FRANCISCO, April 19 (/P).~
R. C. Branion, State Emergency Rol
lief Administrator, announced the
SERA would set up reserves to pro
vide for industrial accident com
pensation to workers on the relief
program.
, SAN FRANCISCO, April 19 (/P).~
R. C. Branion, State Emergency Rol
lief Administrator, announced the
SERA would set up reserves to pro
vide for industrial accident com
pensation to workers on the relief
program.
, SAN FRANCISCO, April 19 (/P).~
R. C. Branion, State Emergency Rol
lief Administrator, announced the
SERA would set up reserves to pro
vide for industrial accident com
pensation to workers on the relief
program.
, SAN FRANCISCO, April 19 (/P).~
R. C. Branion, State Emergency Rol
lief Administrator, announced the
SERA would set up reserves to pro
vide for industrial accident com
pensation to workers on the relief
program.
, SAN FRANCISCO, April 19 (/P).~
R. C. Branion, State Emergency Rol
lief Administrator, announced the
SERA would set up reserves to pro
vide for industrial accident com
pensation to workers on the relief
program.
, SAN FRANCISCO, April 19 (/P).~
R. C. Branion, State Emergency Rol
lief Administrator, announced the
SERA would set up reserves to pro
vide for industrial accident com
pensation to workers on the relief
program.
, SAN FRANCISCO, April 19 (/P).~
R. C. Branion, State Emergency Rol
lief Administrator, announced the
SERA would set up reserves to pro
vide for industrial accident com
pensation to workers on the relief
program.
, SAN FRANCISCO, April 19 (/P).~
R. C. Branion, State Emergency Rol
lief Administrator, announced the
SERA would set up reserves to pro
vide for industrial accident com
pensation to workers on the relief
program.
