# SPRINT HOPES
## 
### 

Carlton Thorns, above, probably
won't heat Bob Kiesel of California,
but be should furnish Cardinal
points in both dashes. (A.P. Photo)

Carlton Thorns, above, probably
won't heat Bob Kiesel of California,
but be should furnish Cardinal
points in both dashes. (A.P. Photo)

Carlton Thorns, above, probably
won't heat Bob Kiesel of California,
but be should furnish Cardinal
points in both dashes. (A.P. Photo)

Carlton Thorns, above, probably
won't heat Bob Kiesel of California,
but be should furnish Cardinal
points in both dashes. (A.P. Photo)

Carlton Thorns, above, probably
won't heat Bob Kiesel of California,
but be should furnish Cardinal
points in both dashes. (A.P. Photo)

Carlton Thorns, above, probably
won't heat Bob Kiesel of California,
but be should furnish Cardinal
points in both dashes. (A.P. Photo)

Carlton Thorns, above, probably
won't heat Bob Kiesel of California,
but be should furnish Cardinal
points in both dashes. (A.P. Photo)

Carlton Thorns, above, probably
won't heat Bob Kiesel of California,
but be should furnish Cardinal
points in both dashes. (A.P. Photo)

Carlton Thorns, above, probably
won't heat Bob Kiesel of California,
but be should furnish Cardinal
points in both dashes. (A.P. Photo)

Carlton Thorns, above, probably
won't heat Bob Kiesel of California,
but be should furnish Cardinal
points in both dashes. (A.P. Photo)

Carlton Thorns, above, probably
won't heat Bob Kiesel of California,
but be should furnish Cardinal
points in both dashes. (A.P. Photo)

Carlton Thorns, above, probably
won't heat Bob Kiesel of California,
but be should furnish Cardinal
points in both dashes. (A.P. Photo)

Carlton Thorns, above, probably
won't heat Bob Kiesel of California,
but be should furnish Cardinal
points in both dashes. (A.P. Photo)

Carlton Thorns, above, probably
won't heat Bob Kiesel of California,
but be should furnish Cardinal
points in both dashes. (A.P. Photo)

Carlton Thorns, above, probably
won't heat Bob Kiesel of California,
but be should furnish Cardinal
points in both dashes. (A.P. Photo)
