# HE MAY BREAK UP CARD HURDLER'S CIVIL WAR
## 
### 

Anything can happen in a hurdle race. Captain Gns IMeier and Sam Klopstock of Stanford are favored in the
highs and Meier is favored to capture the lows. But here is Dick Coe of California, on hand in case anything
does happen. He should place in both events. (Courtesy of Call-Bulletin)

Anything can happen in a hurdle race. Captain Gns IMeier and Sam Klopstock of Stanford are favored in the
highs and Meier is favored to capture the lows. But here is Dick Coe of California, on hand in case anything
does happen. He should place in both events. (Courtesy of Call-Bulletin)

Anything can happen in a hurdle race. Captain Gns IMeier and Sam Klopstock of Stanford are favored in the
highs and Meier is favored to capture the lows. But here is Dick Coe of California, on hand in case anything
does happen. He should place in both events. (Courtesy of Call-Bulletin)

Anything can happen in a hurdle race. Captain Gns IMeier and Sam Klopstock of Stanford are favored in the
highs and Meier is favored to capture the lows. But here is Dick Coe of California, on hand in case anything
does happen. He should place in both events. (Courtesy of Call-Bulletin)

Anything can happen in a hurdle race. Captain Gns IMeier and Sam Klopstock of Stanford are favored in the
highs and Meier is favored to capture the lows. But here is Dick Coe of California, on hand in case anything
does happen. He should place in both events. (Courtesy of Call-Bulletin)

Anything can happen in a hurdle race. Captain Gns IMeier and Sam Klopstock of Stanford are favored in the
highs and Meier is favored to capture the lows. But here is Dick Coe of California, on hand in case anything
does happen. He should place in both events. (Courtesy of Call-Bulletin)

Anything can happen in a hurdle race. Captain Gns IMeier and Sam Klopstock of Stanford are favored in the
highs and Meier is favored to capture the lows. But here is Dick Coe of California, on hand in case anything
does happen. He should place in both events. (Courtesy of Call-Bulletin)

Anything can happen in a hurdle race. Captain Gns IMeier and Sam Klopstock of Stanford are favored in the
highs and Meier is favored to capture the lows. But here is Dick Coe of California, on hand in case anything
does happen. He should place in both events. (Courtesy of Call-Bulletin)

Anything can happen in a hurdle race. Captain Gns IMeier and Sam Klopstock of Stanford are favored in the
highs and Meier is favored to capture the lows. But here is Dick Coe of California, on hand in case anything
does happen. He should place in both events. (Courtesy of Call-Bulletin)

Anything can happen in a hurdle race. Captain Gns IMeier and Sam Klopstock of Stanford are favored in the
highs and Meier is favored to capture the lows. But here is Dick Coe of California, on hand in case anything
does happen. He should place in both events. (Courtesy of Call-Bulletin)

Anything can happen in a hurdle race. Captain Gns IMeier and Sam Klopstock of Stanford are favored in the
highs and Meier is favored to capture the lows. But here is Dick Coe of California, on hand in case anything
does happen. He should place in both events. (Courtesy of Call-Bulletin)

Anything can happen in a hurdle race. Captain Gns IMeier and Sam Klopstock of Stanford are favored in the
highs and Meier is favored to capture the lows. But here is Dick Coe of California, on hand in case anything
does happen. He should place in both events. (Courtesy of Call-Bulletin)

Anything can happen in a hurdle race. Captain Gns IMeier and Sam Klopstock of Stanford are favored in the
highs and Meier is favored to capture the lows. But here is Dick Coe of California, on hand in case anything
does happen. He should place in both events. (Courtesy of Call-Bulletin)

Anything can happen in a hurdle race. Captain Gns IMeier and Sam Klopstock of Stanford are favored in the
highs and Meier is favored to capture the lows. But here is Dick Coe of California, on hand in case anything
does happen. He should place in both events. (Courtesy of Call-Bulletin)

Anything can happen in a hurdle race. Captain Gns IMeier and Sam Klopstock of Stanford are favored in the
highs and Meier is favored to capture the lows. But here is Dick Coe of California, on hand in case anything
does happen. He should place in both events. (Courtesy of Call-Bulletin)
