# Hockey Practice
## 
### 
The first Stanford hockey
team practice will be held
Sunday at 10:30 p.m. at
Belmont Iceland. Anyone
needing rides should meet at
the Tresidder Parking Lot at
9:45 p.m.
The first Stanford hockey
team practice will be held
Sunday at 10:30 p.m. at
Belmont Iceland. Anyone
needing rides should meet at
the Tresidder Parking Lot at
9:45 p.m.
The first Stanford hockey
team practice will be held
Sunday at 10:30 p.m. at
Belmont Iceland. Anyone
needing rides should meet at
the Tresidder Parking Lot at
9:45 p.m.
The first Stanford hockey
team practice will be held
Sunday at 10:30 p.m. at
Belmont Iceland. Anyone
needing rides should meet at
the Tresidder Parking Lot at
9:45 p.m.
The first Stanford hockey
team practice will be held
Sunday at 10:30 p.m. at
Belmont Iceland. Anyone
needing rides should meet at
the Tresidder Parking Lot at
9:45 p.m.
The first Stanford hockey
team practice will be held
Sunday at 10:30 p.m. at
Belmont Iceland. Anyone
needing rides should meet at
the Tresidder Parking Lot at
9:45 p.m.
The first Stanford hockey
team practice will be held
Sunday at 10:30 p.m. at
Belmont Iceland. Anyone
needing rides should meet at
the Tresidder Parking Lot at
9:45 p.m.
The first Stanford hockey
team practice will be held
Sunday at 10:30 p.m. at
Belmont Iceland. Anyone
needing rides should meet at
the Tresidder Parking Lot at
9:45 p.m.
The first Stanford hockey
team practice will be held
Sunday at 10:30 p.m. at
Belmont Iceland. Anyone
needing rides should meet at
the Tresidder Parking Lot at
9:45 p.m.
The first Stanford hockey
team practice will be held
Sunday at 10:30 p.m. at
Belmont Iceland. Anyone
needing rides should meet at
the Tresidder Parking Lot at
9:45 p.m.
The first Stanford hockey
team practice will be held
Sunday at 10:30 p.m. at
Belmont Iceland. Anyone
needing rides should meet at
the Tresidder Parking Lot at
9:45 p.m.
The first Stanford hockey
team practice will be held
Sunday at 10:30 p.m. at
Belmont Iceland. Anyone
needing rides should meet at
the Tresidder Parking Lot at
9:45 p.m.
The first Stanford hockey
team practice will be held
Sunday at 10:30 p.m. at
Belmont Iceland. Anyone
needing rides should meet at
the Tresidder Parking Lot at
9:45 p.m.
The first Stanford hockey
team practice will be held
Sunday at 10:30 p.m. at
Belmont Iceland. Anyone
needing rides should meet at
the Tresidder Parking Lot at
9:45 p.m.
