# McMillen Out--Bowers In
## 
### 
Rick McMillen is out, but Dick
Bowers will be back this week
when the Cards get back into con
ference action against the Rose
Bowl ineligible UCLA Bruins in
Los Angeles.
McMillen, injured early in last
week's Air Force Academy game
after his 185 • yard performance
against Washington, was ruled
definitely out this week hy train
er Connie Jarvis and team physi
cian Dr. E. F. Roth. The junior
halfback's ankle and leg will re
main in a cast for about a week.
The blow of losing McMillen
was greatly softened, however, by
the return of Bowers. Out of ac
tion with a knee injury since ihe
Northwestern game, Bowers has
been working out at full speed in
practice this week.
Fine Speed
Before the Northwestern clash,
Bowers appeared to have unseat
ed McMillen from the starting
left halfback slot, and was in the
first eleven at Evanston. At 5-9
and 172 he is one of the league's
smaller backs, but has fine speed
and is a crack defender.
Also out for the Bruin tilt are
sophomore fullback Gil Dowd and
veteran tackle Phil Burkland.
Dowd suffered a knee injury
against Washington, but Jarvis
reports he may be ready to go
next week against Southern Cali
fornia.
"If we can get through this
week's game without major inju
ries, we should he in good shape
for the rest of the season," said
Jarvis.
Finally Depth
With both McMillen and Dowd
expected back next week, the
Card backfield would finally be
blessed with a little depth. The
injuries have forcd a number of
previously untried gridders into
action, with favorable results.
Halfbacks John Bessey and
Skip Face and fullback Mac Wylie
were rather pleasant surprises in
the attack last week, despite the
fact that it was their first action
of the year.
UCLA is having its personnel
problems, too, but not because of
injuries. The most heavily penal
ized of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence rebels, Ihe Bruins lost six
key seniors after last week's
game.
Center is the only position
whore Coach Bill Barnes had to
dip into untried talent as he
sought replacements for the long
gone five - gamers. Sophomore
Harry Baldwin of A 1 ham bra
takes over the pivot vacated by
Dick Butler. Long and lean (6-3.
IS5> Baldwin nosed out four oth
er non-lettermen for the job.
Junior veteran Bob King, who
logged only 68 minutes of action
last season, replaces Clint Whit
field at guard. A Valley JC trans
fer, King came to Bruinville from
Van Nuys. UCLA's heaviest line
man, Paul Oglesby of Riverside,
is the tackle nominated to replace
All-Coast star Bill Leeka. A 223-
pounder, he lettered last year as
a sophomore.
Experienced Men
The Bruins will have experi
enced men to replace their pass
ing combination of tailback Don
Long and end Dick Wallen.
Getting the starting call at the
tailback slot will be senior Chuck
Kendall. Although the third
Bruin tailback last season, he
topped the team in rushing. Back
ing him is former NCAA punting
champion Kirk Wilson, who alter
nated starting duties with Long
last year. While both are fine
runners, they will have a big job
to make up for the passing of
Long, which was the finest seen
at UCLA since Red Sanders came
along with the single-wing.
Two-year vet John Brown, an
excellent pass receiver, is Wal
len's fill-in.
Rick McMillen is out, but Dick
Bowers will be back this week
when the Cards get back into con
ference action against the Rose
Bowl ineligible UCLA Bruins in
Los Angeles.
McMillen, injured early in last
week's Air Force Academy game
after his 185 • yard performance
against Washington, was ruled
definitely out this week hy train
er Connie Jarvis and team physi
cian Dr. E. F. Roth. The junior
halfback's ankle and leg will re
main in a cast for about a week.
The blow of losing McMillen
was greatly softened, however, by
the return of Bowers. Out of ac
tion with a knee injury since ihe
Northwestern game, Bowers has
been working out at full speed in
practice this week.
Fine Speed
Before the Northwestern clash,
Bowers appeared to have unseat
ed McMillen from the starting
left halfback slot, and was in the
first eleven at Evanston. At 5-9
and 172 he is one of the league's
smaller backs, but has fine speed
and is a crack defender.
Also out for the Bruin tilt are
sophomore fullback Gil Dowd and
veteran tackle Phil Burkland.
Dowd suffered a knee injury
against Washington, but Jarvis
reports he may be ready to go
next week against Southern Cali
fornia.
"If we can get through this
week's game without major inju
ries, we should he in good shape
for the rest of the season," said
Jarvis.
Finally Depth
With both McMillen and Dowd
expected back next week, the
Card backfield would finally be
blessed with a little depth. The
injuries have forcd a number of
previously untried gridders into
action, with favorable results.
Halfbacks John Bessey and
Skip Face and fullback Mac Wylie
were rather pleasant surprises in
the attack last week, despite the
fact that it was their first action
of the year.
UCLA is having its personnel
problems, too, but not because of
injuries. The most heavily penal
ized of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence rebels, Ihe Bruins lost six
key seniors after last week's
game.
Center is the only position
whore Coach Bill Barnes had to
dip into untried talent as he
sought replacements for the long
gone five - gamers. Sophomore
Harry Baldwin of A 1 ham bra
takes over the pivot vacated by
Dick Butler. Long and lean (6-3.
IS5> Baldwin nosed out four oth
er non-lettermen for the job.
Junior veteran Bob King, who
logged only 68 minutes of action
last season, replaces Clint Whit
field at guard. A Valley JC trans
fer, King came to Bruinville from
Van Nuys. UCLA's heaviest line
man, Paul Oglesby of Riverside,
is the tackle nominated to replace
All-Coast star Bill Leeka. A 223-
pounder, he lettered last year as
a sophomore.
Experienced Men
The Bruins will have experi
enced men to replace their pass
ing combination of tailback Don
Long and end Dick Wallen.
Getting the starting call at the
tailback slot will be senior Chuck
Kendall. Although the third
Bruin tailback last season, he
topped the team in rushing. Back
ing him is former NCAA punting
champion Kirk Wilson, who alter
nated starting duties with Long
last year. While both are fine
runners, they will have a big job
to make up for the passing of
Long, which was the finest seen
at UCLA since Red Sanders came
along with the single-wing.
Two-year vet John Brown, an
excellent pass receiver, is Wal
len's fill-in.
Rick McMillen is out, but Dick
Bowers will be back this week
when the Cards get back into con
ference action against the Rose
Bowl ineligible UCLA Bruins in
Los Angeles.
McMillen, injured early in last
week's Air Force Academy game
after his 185 • yard performance
against Washington, was ruled
definitely out this week hy train
er Connie Jarvis and team physi
cian Dr. E. F. Roth. The junior
halfback's ankle and leg will re
main in a cast for about a week.
The blow of losing McMillen
was greatly softened, however, by
the return of Bowers. Out of ac
tion with a knee injury since ihe
Northwestern game, Bowers has
been working out at full speed in
practice this week.
Fine Speed
Before the Northwestern clash,
Bowers appeared to have unseat
ed McMillen from the starting
left halfback slot, and was in the
first eleven at Evanston. At 5-9
and 172 he is one of the league's
smaller backs, but has fine speed
and is a crack defender.
Also out for the Bruin tilt are
sophomore fullback Gil Dowd and
veteran tackle Phil Burkland.
Dowd suffered a knee injury
against Washington, but Jarvis
reports he may be ready to go
next week against Southern Cali
fornia.
"If we can get through this
week's game without major inju
ries, we should he in good shape
for the rest of the season," said
Jarvis.
Finally Depth
With both McMillen and Dowd
expected back next week, the
Card backfield would finally be
blessed with a little depth. The
injuries have forcd a number of
previously untried gridders into
action, with favorable results.
Halfbacks John Bessey and
Skip Face and fullback Mac Wylie
were rather pleasant surprises in
the attack last week, despite the
fact that it was their first action
of the year.
UCLA is having its personnel
problems, too, but not because of
injuries. The most heavily penal
ized of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence rebels, Ihe Bruins lost six
key seniors after last week's
game.
Center is the only position
whore Coach Bill Barnes had to
dip into untried talent as he
sought replacements for the long
gone five - gamers. Sophomore
Harry Baldwin of A 1 ham bra
takes over the pivot vacated by
Dick Butler. Long and lean (6-3.
IS5> Baldwin nosed out four oth
er non-lettermen for the job.
Junior veteran Bob King, who
logged only 68 minutes of action
last season, replaces Clint Whit
field at guard. A Valley JC trans
fer, King came to Bruinville from
Van Nuys. UCLA's heaviest line
man, Paul Oglesby of Riverside,
is the tackle nominated to replace
All-Coast star Bill Leeka. A 223-
pounder, he lettered last year as
a sophomore.
Experienced Men
The Bruins will have experi
enced men to replace their pass
ing combination of tailback Don
Long and end Dick Wallen.
Getting the starting call at the
tailback slot will be senior Chuck
Kendall. Although the third
Bruin tailback last season, he
topped the team in rushing. Back
ing him is former NCAA punting
champion Kirk Wilson, who alter
nated starting duties with Long
last year. While both are fine
runners, they will have a big job
to make up for the passing of
Long, which was the finest seen
at UCLA since Red Sanders came
along with the single-wing.
Two-year vet John Brown, an
excellent pass receiver, is Wal
len's fill-in.
Rick McMillen is out, but Dick
Bowers will be back this week
when the Cards get back into con
ference action against the Rose
Bowl ineligible UCLA Bruins in
Los Angeles.
McMillen, injured early in last
week's Air Force Academy game
after his 185 • yard performance
against Washington, was ruled
definitely out this week hy train
er Connie Jarvis and team physi
cian Dr. E. F. Roth. The junior
halfback's ankle and leg will re
main in a cast for about a week.
The blow of losing McMillen
was greatly softened, however, by
the return of Bowers. Out of ac
tion with a knee injury since ihe
Northwestern game, Bowers has
been working out at full speed in
practice this week.
Fine Speed
Before the Northwestern clash,
Bowers appeared to have unseat
ed McMillen from the starting
left halfback slot, and was in the
first eleven at Evanston. At 5-9
and 172 he is one of the league's
smaller backs, but has fine speed
and is a crack defender.
Also out for the Bruin tilt are
sophomore fullback Gil Dowd and
veteran tackle Phil Burkland.
Dowd suffered a knee injury
against Washington, but Jarvis
reports he may be ready to go
next week against Southern Cali
fornia.
"If we can get through this
week's game without major inju
ries, we should he in good shape
for the rest of the season," said
Jarvis.
Finally Depth
With both McMillen and Dowd
expected back next week, the
Card backfield would finally be
blessed with a little depth. The
injuries have forcd a number of
previously untried gridders into
action, with favorable results.
Halfbacks John Bessey and
Skip Face and fullback Mac Wylie
were rather pleasant surprises in
the attack last week, despite the
fact that it was their first action
of the year.
UCLA is having its personnel
problems, too, but not because of
injuries. The most heavily penal
ized of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence rebels, Ihe Bruins lost six
key seniors after last week's
game.
Center is the only position
whore Coach Bill Barnes had to
dip into untried talent as he
sought replacements for the long
gone five - gamers. Sophomore
Harry Baldwin of A 1 ham bra
takes over the pivot vacated by
Dick Butler. Long and lean (6-3.
IS5> Baldwin nosed out four oth
er non-lettermen for the job.
Junior veteran Bob King, who
logged only 68 minutes of action
last season, replaces Clint Whit
field at guard. A Valley JC trans
fer, King came to Bruinville from
Van Nuys. UCLA's heaviest line
man, Paul Oglesby of Riverside,
is the tackle nominated to replace
All-Coast star Bill Leeka. A 223-
pounder, he lettered last year as
a sophomore.
Experienced Men
The Bruins will have experi
enced men to replace their pass
ing combination of tailback Don
Long and end Dick Wallen.
Getting the starting call at the
tailback slot will be senior Chuck
Kendall. Although the third
Bruin tailback last season, he
topped the team in rushing. Back
ing him is former NCAA punting
champion Kirk Wilson, who alter
nated starting duties with Long
last year. While both are fine
runners, they will have a big job
to make up for the passing of
Long, which was the finest seen
at UCLA since Red Sanders came
along with the single-wing.
Two-year vet John Brown, an
excellent pass receiver, is Wal
len's fill-in.
Rick McMillen is out, but Dick
Bowers will be back this week
when the Cards get back into con
ference action against the Rose
Bowl ineligible UCLA Bruins in
Los Angeles.
McMillen, injured early in last
week's Air Force Academy game
after his 185 • yard performance
against Washington, was ruled
definitely out this week hy train
er Connie Jarvis and team physi
cian Dr. E. F. Roth. The junior
halfback's ankle and leg will re
main in a cast for about a week.
The blow of losing McMillen
was greatly softened, however, by
the return of Bowers. Out of ac
tion with a knee injury since ihe
Northwestern game, Bowers has
been working out at full speed in
practice this week.
Fine Speed
Before the Northwestern clash,
Bowers appeared to have unseat
ed McMillen from the starting
left halfback slot, and was in the
first eleven at Evanston. At 5-9
and 172 he is one of the league's
smaller backs, but has fine speed
and is a crack defender.
Also out for the Bruin tilt are
sophomore fullback Gil Dowd and
veteran tackle Phil Burkland.
Dowd suffered a knee injury
against Washington, but Jarvis
reports he may be ready to go
next week against Southern Cali
fornia.
"If we can get through this
week's game without major inju
ries, we should he in good shape
for the rest of the season," said
Jarvis.
Finally Depth
With both McMillen and Dowd
expected back next week, the
Card backfield would finally be
blessed with a little depth. The
injuries have forcd a number of
previously untried gridders into
action, with favorable results.
Halfbacks John Bessey and
Skip Face and fullback Mac Wylie
were rather pleasant surprises in
the attack last week, despite the
fact that it was their first action
of the year.
UCLA is having its personnel
problems, too, but not because of
injuries. The most heavily penal
ized of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence rebels, Ihe Bruins lost six
key seniors after last week's
game.
Center is the only position
whore Coach Bill Barnes had to
dip into untried talent as he
sought replacements for the long
gone five - gamers. Sophomore
Harry Baldwin of A 1 ham bra
takes over the pivot vacated by
Dick Butler. Long and lean (6-3.
IS5> Baldwin nosed out four oth
er non-lettermen for the job.
Junior veteran Bob King, who
logged only 68 minutes of action
last season, replaces Clint Whit
field at guard. A Valley JC trans
fer, King came to Bruinville from
Van Nuys. UCLA's heaviest line
man, Paul Oglesby of Riverside,
is the tackle nominated to replace
All-Coast star Bill Leeka. A 223-
pounder, he lettered last year as
a sophomore.
Experienced Men
The Bruins will have experi
enced men to replace their pass
ing combination of tailback Don
Long and end Dick Wallen.
Getting the starting call at the
tailback slot will be senior Chuck
Kendall. Although the third
Bruin tailback last season, he
topped the team in rushing. Back
ing him is former NCAA punting
champion Kirk Wilson, who alter
nated starting duties with Long
last year. While both are fine
runners, they will have a big job
to make up for the passing of
Long, which was the finest seen
at UCLA since Red Sanders came
along with the single-wing.
Two-year vet John Brown, an
excellent pass receiver, is Wal
len's fill-in.
Rick McMillen is out, but Dick
Bowers will be back this week
when the Cards get back into con
ference action against the Rose
Bowl ineligible UCLA Bruins in
Los Angeles.
McMillen, injured early in last
week's Air Force Academy game
after his 185 • yard performance
against Washington, was ruled
definitely out this week hy train
er Connie Jarvis and team physi
cian Dr. E. F. Roth. The junior
halfback's ankle and leg will re
main in a cast for about a week.
The blow of losing McMillen
was greatly softened, however, by
the return of Bowers. Out of ac
tion with a knee injury since ihe
Northwestern game, Bowers has
been working out at full speed in
practice this week.
Fine Speed
Before the Northwestern clash,
Bowers appeared to have unseat
ed McMillen from the starting
left halfback slot, and was in the
first eleven at Evanston. At 5-9
and 172 he is one of the league's
smaller backs, but has fine speed
and is a crack defender.
Also out for the Bruin tilt are
sophomore fullback Gil Dowd and
veteran tackle Phil Burkland.
Dowd suffered a knee injury
against Washington, but Jarvis
reports he may be ready to go
next week against Southern Cali
fornia.
"If we can get through this
week's game without major inju
ries, we should he in good shape
for the rest of the season," said
Jarvis.
Finally Depth
With both McMillen and Dowd
expected back next week, the
Card backfield would finally be
blessed with a little depth. The
injuries have forcd a number of
previously untried gridders into
action, with favorable results.
Halfbacks John Bessey and
Skip Face and fullback Mac Wylie
were rather pleasant surprises in
the attack last week, despite the
fact that it was their first action
of the year.
UCLA is having its personnel
problems, too, but not because of
injuries. The most heavily penal
ized of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence rebels, Ihe Bruins lost six
key seniors after last week's
game.
Center is the only position
whore Coach Bill Barnes had to
dip into untried talent as he
sought replacements for the long
gone five - gamers. Sophomore
Harry Baldwin of A 1 ham bra
takes over the pivot vacated by
Dick Butler. Long and lean (6-3.
IS5> Baldwin nosed out four oth
er non-lettermen for the job.
Junior veteran Bob King, who
logged only 68 minutes of action
last season, replaces Clint Whit
field at guard. A Valley JC trans
fer, King came to Bruinville from
Van Nuys. UCLA's heaviest line
man, Paul Oglesby of Riverside,
is the tackle nominated to replace
All-Coast star Bill Leeka. A 223-
pounder, he lettered last year as
a sophomore.
Experienced Men
The Bruins will have experi
enced men to replace their pass
ing combination of tailback Don
Long and end Dick Wallen.
Getting the starting call at the
tailback slot will be senior Chuck
Kendall. Although the third
Bruin tailback last season, he
topped the team in rushing. Back
ing him is former NCAA punting
champion Kirk Wilson, who alter
nated starting duties with Long
last year. While both are fine
runners, they will have a big job
to make up for the passing of
Long, which was the finest seen
at UCLA since Red Sanders came
along with the single-wing.
Two-year vet John Brown, an
excellent pass receiver, is Wal
len's fill-in.
Rick McMillen is out, but Dick
Bowers will be back this week
when the Cards get back into con
ference action against the Rose
Bowl ineligible UCLA Bruins in
Los Angeles.
McMillen, injured early in last
week's Air Force Academy game
after his 185 • yard performance
against Washington, was ruled
definitely out this week hy train
er Connie Jarvis and team physi
cian Dr. E. F. Roth. The junior
halfback's ankle and leg will re
main in a cast for about a week.
The blow of losing McMillen
was greatly softened, however, by
the return of Bowers. Out of ac
tion with a knee injury since ihe
Northwestern game, Bowers has
been working out at full speed in
practice this week.
Fine Speed
Before the Northwestern clash,
Bowers appeared to have unseat
ed McMillen from the starting
left halfback slot, and was in the
first eleven at Evanston. At 5-9
and 172 he is one of the league's
smaller backs, but has fine speed
and is a crack defender.
Also out for the Bruin tilt are
sophomore fullback Gil Dowd and
veteran tackle Phil Burkland.
Dowd suffered a knee injury
against Washington, but Jarvis
reports he may be ready to go
next week against Southern Cali
fornia.
"If we can get through this
week's game without major inju
ries, we should he in good shape
for the rest of the season," said
Jarvis.
Finally Depth
With both McMillen and Dowd
expected back next week, the
Card backfield would finally be
blessed with a little depth. The
injuries have forcd a number of
previously untried gridders into
action, with favorable results.
Halfbacks John Bessey and
Skip Face and fullback Mac Wylie
were rather pleasant surprises in
the attack last week, despite the
fact that it was their first action
of the year.
UCLA is having its personnel
problems, too, but not because of
injuries. The most heavily penal
ized of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence rebels, Ihe Bruins lost six
key seniors after last week's
game.
Center is the only position
whore Coach Bill Barnes had to
dip into untried talent as he
sought replacements for the long
gone five - gamers. Sophomore
Harry Baldwin of A 1 ham bra
takes over the pivot vacated by
Dick Butler. Long and lean (6-3.
IS5> Baldwin nosed out four oth
er non-lettermen for the job.
Junior veteran Bob King, who
logged only 68 minutes of action
last season, replaces Clint Whit
field at guard. A Valley JC trans
fer, King came to Bruinville from
Van Nuys. UCLA's heaviest line
man, Paul Oglesby of Riverside,
is the tackle nominated to replace
All-Coast star Bill Leeka. A 223-
pounder, he lettered last year as
a sophomore.
Experienced Men
The Bruins will have experi
enced men to replace their pass
ing combination of tailback Don
Long and end Dick Wallen.
Getting the starting call at the
tailback slot will be senior Chuck
Kendall. Although the third
Bruin tailback last season, he
topped the team in rushing. Back
ing him is former NCAA punting
champion Kirk Wilson, who alter
nated starting duties with Long
last year. While both are fine
runners, they will have a big job
to make up for the passing of
Long, which was the finest seen
at UCLA since Red Sanders came
along with the single-wing.
Two-year vet John Brown, an
excellent pass receiver, is Wal
len's fill-in.
Rick McMillen is out, but Dick
Bowers will be back this week
when the Cards get back into con
ference action against the Rose
Bowl ineligible UCLA Bruins in
Los Angeles.
McMillen, injured early in last
week's Air Force Academy game
after his 185 • yard performance
against Washington, was ruled
definitely out this week hy train
er Connie Jarvis and team physi
cian Dr. E. F. Roth. The junior
halfback's ankle and leg will re
main in a cast for about a week.
The blow of losing McMillen
was greatly softened, however, by
the return of Bowers. Out of ac
tion with a knee injury since ihe
Northwestern game, Bowers has
been working out at full speed in
practice this week.
Fine Speed
Before the Northwestern clash,
Bowers appeared to have unseat
ed McMillen from the starting
left halfback slot, and was in the
first eleven at Evanston. At 5-9
and 172 he is one of the league's
smaller backs, but has fine speed
and is a crack defender.
Also out for the Bruin tilt are
sophomore fullback Gil Dowd and
veteran tackle Phil Burkland.
Dowd suffered a knee injury
against Washington, but Jarvis
reports he may be ready to go
next week against Southern Cali
fornia.
"If we can get through this
week's game without major inju
ries, we should he in good shape
for the rest of the season," said
Jarvis.
Finally Depth
With both McMillen and Dowd
expected back next week, the
Card backfield would finally be
blessed with a little depth. The
injuries have forcd a number of
previously untried gridders into
action, with favorable results.
Halfbacks John Bessey and
Skip Face and fullback Mac Wylie
were rather pleasant surprises in
the attack last week, despite the
fact that it was their first action
of the year.
UCLA is having its personnel
problems, too, but not because of
injuries. The most heavily penal
ized of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence rebels, Ihe Bruins lost six
key seniors after last week's
game.
Center is the only position
whore Coach Bill Barnes had to
dip into untried talent as he
sought replacements for the long
gone five - gamers. Sophomore
Harry Baldwin of A 1 ham bra
takes over the pivot vacated by
Dick Butler. Long and lean (6-3.
IS5> Baldwin nosed out four oth
er non-lettermen for the job.
Junior veteran Bob King, who
logged only 68 minutes of action
last season, replaces Clint Whit
field at guard. A Valley JC trans
fer, King came to Bruinville from
Van Nuys. UCLA's heaviest line
man, Paul Oglesby of Riverside,
is the tackle nominated to replace
All-Coast star Bill Leeka. A 223-
pounder, he lettered last year as
a sophomore.
Experienced Men
The Bruins will have experi
enced men to replace their pass
ing combination of tailback Don
Long and end Dick Wallen.
Getting the starting call at the
tailback slot will be senior Chuck
Kendall. Although the third
Bruin tailback last season, he
topped the team in rushing. Back
ing him is former NCAA punting
champion Kirk Wilson, who alter
nated starting duties with Long
last year. While both are fine
runners, they will have a big job
to make up for the passing of
Long, which was the finest seen
at UCLA since Red Sanders came
along with the single-wing.
Two-year vet John Brown, an
excellent pass receiver, is Wal
len's fill-in.
Rick McMillen is out, but Dick
Bowers will be back this week
when the Cards get back into con
ference action against the Rose
Bowl ineligible UCLA Bruins in
Los Angeles.
McMillen, injured early in last
week's Air Force Academy game
after his 185 • yard performance
against Washington, was ruled
definitely out this week hy train
er Connie Jarvis and team physi
cian Dr. E. F. Roth. The junior
halfback's ankle and leg will re
main in a cast for about a week.
The blow of losing McMillen
was greatly softened, however, by
the return of Bowers. Out of ac
tion with a knee injury since ihe
Northwestern game, Bowers has
been working out at full speed in
practice this week.
Fine Speed
Before the Northwestern clash,
Bowers appeared to have unseat
ed McMillen from the starting
left halfback slot, and was in the
first eleven at Evanston. At 5-9
and 172 he is one of the league's
smaller backs, but has fine speed
and is a crack defender.
Also out for the Bruin tilt are
sophomore fullback Gil Dowd and
veteran tackle Phil Burkland.
Dowd suffered a knee injury
against Washington, but Jarvis
reports he may be ready to go
next week against Southern Cali
fornia.
"If we can get through this
week's game without major inju
ries, we should he in good shape
for the rest of the season," said
Jarvis.
Finally Depth
With both McMillen and Dowd
expected back next week, the
Card backfield would finally be
blessed with a little depth. The
injuries have forcd a number of
previously untried gridders into
action, with favorable results.
Halfbacks John Bessey and
Skip Face and fullback Mac Wylie
were rather pleasant surprises in
the attack last week, despite the
fact that it was their first action
of the year.
UCLA is having its personnel
problems, too, but not because of
injuries. The most heavily penal
ized of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence rebels, Ihe Bruins lost six
key seniors after last week's
game.
Center is the only position
whore Coach Bill Barnes had to
dip into untried talent as he
sought replacements for the long
gone five - gamers. Sophomore
Harry Baldwin of A 1 ham bra
takes over the pivot vacated by
Dick Butler. Long and lean (6-3.
IS5> Baldwin nosed out four oth
er non-lettermen for the job.
Junior veteran Bob King, who
logged only 68 minutes of action
last season, replaces Clint Whit
field at guard. A Valley JC trans
fer, King came to Bruinville from
Van Nuys. UCLA's heaviest line
man, Paul Oglesby of Riverside,
is the tackle nominated to replace
All-Coast star Bill Leeka. A 223-
pounder, he lettered last year as
a sophomore.
Experienced Men
The Bruins will have experi
enced men to replace their pass
ing combination of tailback Don
Long and end Dick Wallen.
Getting the starting call at the
tailback slot will be senior Chuck
Kendall. Although the third
Bruin tailback last season, he
topped the team in rushing. Back
ing him is former NCAA punting
champion Kirk Wilson, who alter
nated starting duties with Long
last year. While both are fine
runners, they will have a big job
to make up for the passing of
Long, which was the finest seen
at UCLA since Red Sanders came
along with the single-wing.
Two-year vet John Brown, an
excellent pass receiver, is Wal
len's fill-in.
Rick McMillen is out, but Dick
Bowers will be back this week
when the Cards get back into con
ference action against the Rose
Bowl ineligible UCLA Bruins in
Los Angeles.
McMillen, injured early in last
week's Air Force Academy game
after his 185 • yard performance
against Washington, was ruled
definitely out this week hy train
er Connie Jarvis and team physi
cian Dr. E. F. Roth. The junior
halfback's ankle and leg will re
main in a cast for about a week.
The blow of losing McMillen
was greatly softened, however, by
the return of Bowers. Out of ac
tion with a knee injury since ihe
Northwestern game, Bowers has
been working out at full speed in
practice this week.
Fine Speed
Before the Northwestern clash,
Bowers appeared to have unseat
ed McMillen from the starting
left halfback slot, and was in the
first eleven at Evanston. At 5-9
and 172 he is one of the league's
smaller backs, but has fine speed
and is a crack defender.
Also out for the Bruin tilt are
sophomore fullback Gil Dowd and
veteran tackle Phil Burkland.
Dowd suffered a knee injury
against Washington, but Jarvis
reports he may be ready to go
next week against Southern Cali
fornia.
"If we can get through this
week's game without major inju
ries, we should he in good shape
for the rest of the season," said
Jarvis.
Finally Depth
With both McMillen and Dowd
expected back next week, the
Card backfield would finally be
blessed with a little depth. The
injuries have forcd a number of
previously untried gridders into
action, with favorable results.
Halfbacks John Bessey and
Skip Face and fullback Mac Wylie
were rather pleasant surprises in
the attack last week, despite the
fact that it was their first action
of the year.
UCLA is having its personnel
problems, too, but not because of
injuries. The most heavily penal
ized of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence rebels, Ihe Bruins lost six
key seniors after last week's
game.
Center is the only position
whore Coach Bill Barnes had to
dip into untried talent as he
sought replacements for the long
gone five - gamers. Sophomore
Harry Baldwin of A 1 ham bra
takes over the pivot vacated by
Dick Butler. Long and lean (6-3.
IS5> Baldwin nosed out four oth
er non-lettermen for the job.
Junior veteran Bob King, who
logged only 68 minutes of action
last season, replaces Clint Whit
field at guard. A Valley JC trans
fer, King came to Bruinville from
Van Nuys. UCLA's heaviest line
man, Paul Oglesby of Riverside,
is the tackle nominated to replace
All-Coast star Bill Leeka. A 223-
pounder, he lettered last year as
a sophomore.
Experienced Men
The Bruins will have experi
enced men to replace their pass
ing combination of tailback Don
Long and end Dick Wallen.
Getting the starting call at the
tailback slot will be senior Chuck
Kendall. Although the third
Bruin tailback last season, he
topped the team in rushing. Back
ing him is former NCAA punting
champion Kirk Wilson, who alter
nated starting duties with Long
last year. While both are fine
runners, they will have a big job
to make up for the passing of
Long, which was the finest seen
at UCLA since Red Sanders came
along with the single-wing.
Two-year vet John Brown, an
excellent pass receiver, is Wal
len's fill-in.
Rick McMillen is out, but Dick
Bowers will be back this week
when the Cards get back into con
ference action against the Rose
Bowl ineligible UCLA Bruins in
Los Angeles.
McMillen, injured early in last
week's Air Force Academy game
after his 185 • yard performance
against Washington, was ruled
definitely out this week hy train
er Connie Jarvis and team physi
cian Dr. E. F. Roth. The junior
halfback's ankle and leg will re
main in a cast for about a week.
The blow of losing McMillen
was greatly softened, however, by
the return of Bowers. Out of ac
tion with a knee injury since ihe
Northwestern game, Bowers has
been working out at full speed in
practice this week.
Fine Speed
Before the Northwestern clash,
Bowers appeared to have unseat
ed McMillen from the starting
left halfback slot, and was in the
first eleven at Evanston. At 5-9
and 172 he is one of the league's
smaller backs, but has fine speed
and is a crack defender.
Also out for the Bruin tilt are
sophomore fullback Gil Dowd and
veteran tackle Phil Burkland.
Dowd suffered a knee injury
against Washington, but Jarvis
reports he may be ready to go
next week against Southern Cali
fornia.
"If we can get through this
week's game without major inju
ries, we should he in good shape
for the rest of the season," said
Jarvis.
Finally Depth
With both McMillen and Dowd
expected back next week, the
Card backfield would finally be
blessed with a little depth. The
injuries have forcd a number of
previously untried gridders into
action, with favorable results.
Halfbacks John Bessey and
Skip Face and fullback Mac Wylie
were rather pleasant surprises in
the attack last week, despite the
fact that it was their first action
of the year.
UCLA is having its personnel
problems, too, but not because of
injuries. The most heavily penal
ized of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence rebels, Ihe Bruins lost six
key seniors after last week's
game.
Center is the only position
whore Coach Bill Barnes had to
dip into untried talent as he
sought replacements for the long
gone five - gamers. Sophomore
Harry Baldwin of A 1 ham bra
takes over the pivot vacated by
Dick Butler. Long and lean (6-3.
IS5> Baldwin nosed out four oth
er non-lettermen for the job.
Junior veteran Bob King, who
logged only 68 minutes of action
last season, replaces Clint Whit
field at guard. A Valley JC trans
fer, King came to Bruinville from
Van Nuys. UCLA's heaviest line
man, Paul Oglesby of Riverside,
is the tackle nominated to replace
All-Coast star Bill Leeka. A 223-
pounder, he lettered last year as
a sophomore.
Experienced Men
The Bruins will have experi
enced men to replace their pass
ing combination of tailback Don
Long and end Dick Wallen.
Getting the starting call at the
tailback slot will be senior Chuck
Kendall. Although the third
Bruin tailback last season, he
topped the team in rushing. Back
ing him is former NCAA punting
champion Kirk Wilson, who alter
nated starting duties with Long
last year. While both are fine
runners, they will have a big job
to make up for the passing of
Long, which was the finest seen
at UCLA since Red Sanders came
along with the single-wing.
Two-year vet John Brown, an
excellent pass receiver, is Wal
len's fill-in.
Rick McMillen is out, but Dick
Bowers will be back this week
when the Cards get back into con
ference action against the Rose
Bowl ineligible UCLA Bruins in
Los Angeles.
McMillen, injured early in last
week's Air Force Academy game
after his 185 • yard performance
against Washington, was ruled
definitely out this week hy train
er Connie Jarvis and team physi
cian Dr. E. F. Roth. The junior
halfback's ankle and leg will re
main in a cast for about a week.
The blow of losing McMillen
was greatly softened, however, by
the return of Bowers. Out of ac
tion with a knee injury since ihe
Northwestern game, Bowers has
been working out at full speed in
practice this week.
Fine Speed
Before the Northwestern clash,
Bowers appeared to have unseat
ed McMillen from the starting
left halfback slot, and was in the
first eleven at Evanston. At 5-9
and 172 he is one of the league's
smaller backs, but has fine speed
and is a crack defender.
Also out for the Bruin tilt are
sophomore fullback Gil Dowd and
veteran tackle Phil Burkland.
Dowd suffered a knee injury
against Washington, but Jarvis
reports he may be ready to go
next week against Southern Cali
fornia.
"If we can get through this
week's game without major inju
ries, we should he in good shape
for the rest of the season," said
Jarvis.
Finally Depth
With both McMillen and Dowd
expected back next week, the
Card backfield would finally be
blessed with a little depth. The
injuries have forcd a number of
previously untried gridders into
action, with favorable results.
Halfbacks John Bessey and
Skip Face and fullback Mac Wylie
were rather pleasant surprises in
the attack last week, despite the
fact that it was their first action
of the year.
UCLA is having its personnel
problems, too, but not because of
injuries. The most heavily penal
ized of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence rebels, Ihe Bruins lost six
key seniors after last week's
game.
Center is the only position
whore Coach Bill Barnes had to
dip into untried talent as he
sought replacements for the long
gone five - gamers. Sophomore
Harry Baldwin of A 1 ham bra
takes over the pivot vacated by
Dick Butler. Long and lean (6-3.
IS5> Baldwin nosed out four oth
er non-lettermen for the job.
Junior veteran Bob King, who
logged only 68 minutes of action
last season, replaces Clint Whit
field at guard. A Valley JC trans
fer, King came to Bruinville from
Van Nuys. UCLA's heaviest line
man, Paul Oglesby of Riverside,
is the tackle nominated to replace
All-Coast star Bill Leeka. A 223-
pounder, he lettered last year as
a sophomore.
Experienced Men
The Bruins will have experi
enced men to replace their pass
ing combination of tailback Don
Long and end Dick Wallen.
Getting the starting call at the
tailback slot will be senior Chuck
Kendall. Although the third
Bruin tailback last season, he
topped the team in rushing. Back
ing him is former NCAA punting
champion Kirk Wilson, who alter
nated starting duties with Long
last year. While both are fine
runners, they will have a big job
to make up for the passing of
Long, which was the finest seen
at UCLA since Red Sanders came
along with the single-wing.
Two-year vet John Brown, an
excellent pass receiver, is Wal
len's fill-in.
Rick McMillen is out, but Dick
Bowers will be back this week
when the Cards get back into con
ference action against the Rose
Bowl ineligible UCLA Bruins in
Los Angeles.
McMillen, injured early in last
week's Air Force Academy game
after his 185 • yard performance
against Washington, was ruled
definitely out this week hy train
er Connie Jarvis and team physi
cian Dr. E. F. Roth. The junior
halfback's ankle and leg will re
main in a cast for about a week.
The blow of losing McMillen
was greatly softened, however, by
the return of Bowers. Out of ac
tion with a knee injury since ihe
Northwestern game, Bowers has
been working out at full speed in
practice this week.
Fine Speed
Before the Northwestern clash,
Bowers appeared to have unseat
ed McMillen from the starting
left halfback slot, and was in the
first eleven at Evanston. At 5-9
and 172 he is one of the league's
smaller backs, but has fine speed
and is a crack defender.
Also out for the Bruin tilt are
sophomore fullback Gil Dowd and
veteran tackle Phil Burkland.
Dowd suffered a knee injury
against Washington, but Jarvis
reports he may be ready to go
next week against Southern Cali
fornia.
"If we can get through this
week's game without major inju
ries, we should he in good shape
for the rest of the season," said
Jarvis.
Finally Depth
With both McMillen and Dowd
expected back next week, the
Card backfield would finally be
blessed with a little depth. The
injuries have forcd a number of
previously untried gridders into
action, with favorable results.
Halfbacks John Bessey and
Skip Face and fullback Mac Wylie
were rather pleasant surprises in
the attack last week, despite the
fact that it was their first action
of the year.
UCLA is having its personnel
problems, too, but not because of
injuries. The most heavily penal
ized of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence rebels, Ihe Bruins lost six
key seniors after last week's
game.
Center is the only position
whore Coach Bill Barnes had to
dip into untried talent as he
sought replacements for the long
gone five - gamers. Sophomore
Harry Baldwin of A 1 ham bra
takes over the pivot vacated by
Dick Butler. Long and lean (6-3.
IS5> Baldwin nosed out four oth
er non-lettermen for the job.
Junior veteran Bob King, who
logged only 68 minutes of action
last season, replaces Clint Whit
field at guard. A Valley JC trans
fer, King came to Bruinville from
Van Nuys. UCLA's heaviest line
man, Paul Oglesby of Riverside,
is the tackle nominated to replace
All-Coast star Bill Leeka. A 223-
pounder, he lettered last year as
a sophomore.
Experienced Men
The Bruins will have experi
enced men to replace their pass
ing combination of tailback Don
Long and end Dick Wallen.
Getting the starting call at the
tailback slot will be senior Chuck
Kendall. Although the third
Bruin tailback last season, he
topped the team in rushing. Back
ing him is former NCAA punting
champion Kirk Wilson, who alter
nated starting duties with Long
last year. While both are fine
runners, they will have a big job
to make up for the passing of
Long, which was the finest seen
at UCLA since Red Sanders came
along with the single-wing.
Two-year vet John Brown, an
excellent pass receiver, is Wal
len's fill-in.
Rick McMillen is out, but Dick
Bowers will be back this week
when the Cards get back into con
ference action against the Rose
Bowl ineligible UCLA Bruins in
Los Angeles.
McMillen, injured early in last
week's Air Force Academy game
after his 185 • yard performance
against Washington, was ruled
definitely out this week hy train
er Connie Jarvis and team physi
cian Dr. E. F. Roth. The junior
halfback's ankle and leg will re
main in a cast for about a week.
The blow of losing McMillen
was greatly softened, however, by
the return of Bowers. Out of ac
tion with a knee injury since ihe
Northwestern game, Bowers has
been working out at full speed in
practice this week.
Fine Speed
Before the Northwestern clash,
Bowers appeared to have unseat
ed McMillen from the starting
left halfback slot, and was in the
first eleven at Evanston. At 5-9
and 172 he is one of the league's
smaller backs, but has fine speed
and is a crack defender.
Also out for the Bruin tilt are
sophomore fullback Gil Dowd and
veteran tackle Phil Burkland.
Dowd suffered a knee injury
against Washington, but Jarvis
reports he may be ready to go
next week against Southern Cali
fornia.
"If we can get through this
week's game without major inju
ries, we should he in good shape
for the rest of the season," said
Jarvis.
Finally Depth
With both McMillen and Dowd
expected back next week, the
Card backfield would finally be
blessed with a little depth. The
injuries have forcd a number of
previously untried gridders into
action, with favorable results.
Halfbacks John Bessey and
Skip Face and fullback Mac Wylie
were rather pleasant surprises in
the attack last week, despite the
fact that it was their first action
of the year.
UCLA is having its personnel
problems, too, but not because of
injuries. The most heavily penal
ized of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence rebels, Ihe Bruins lost six
key seniors after last week's
game.
Center is the only position
whore Coach Bill Barnes had to
dip into untried talent as he
sought replacements for the long
gone five - gamers. Sophomore
Harry Baldwin of A 1 ham bra
takes over the pivot vacated by
Dick Butler. Long and lean (6-3.
IS5> Baldwin nosed out four oth
er non-lettermen for the job.
Junior veteran Bob King, who
logged only 68 minutes of action
last season, replaces Clint Whit
field at guard. A Valley JC trans
fer, King came to Bruinville from
Van Nuys. UCLA's heaviest line
man, Paul Oglesby of Riverside,
is the tackle nominated to replace
All-Coast star Bill Leeka. A 223-
pounder, he lettered last year as
a sophomore.
Experienced Men
The Bruins will have experi
enced men to replace their pass
ing combination of tailback Don
Long and end Dick Wallen.
Getting the starting call at the
tailback slot will be senior Chuck
Kendall. Although the third
Bruin tailback last season, he
topped the team in rushing. Back
ing him is former NCAA punting
champion Kirk Wilson, who alter
nated starting duties with Long
last year. While both are fine
runners, they will have a big job
to make up for the passing of
Long, which was the finest seen
at UCLA since Red Sanders came
along with the single-wing.
Two-year vet John Brown, an
excellent pass receiver, is Wal
len's fill-in.
Rick McMillen is out, but Dick
Bowers will be back this week
when the Cards get back into con
ference action against the Rose
Bowl ineligible UCLA Bruins in
Los Angeles.
McMillen, injured early in last
week's Air Force Academy game
after his 185 • yard performance
against Washington, was ruled
definitely out this week hy train
er Connie Jarvis and team physi
cian Dr. E. F. Roth. The junior
halfback's ankle and leg will re
main in a cast for about a week.
The blow of losing McMillen
was greatly softened, however, by
the return of Bowers. Out of ac
tion with a knee injury since ihe
Northwestern game, Bowers has
been working out at full speed in
practice this week.
Fine Speed
Before the Northwestern clash,
Bowers appeared to have unseat
ed McMillen from the starting
left halfback slot, and was in the
first eleven at Evanston. At 5-9
and 172 he is one of the league's
smaller backs, but has fine speed
and is a crack defender.
Also out for the Bruin tilt are
sophomore fullback Gil Dowd and
veteran tackle Phil Burkland.
Dowd suffered a knee injury
against Washington, but Jarvis
reports he may be ready to go
next week against Southern Cali
fornia.
"If we can get through this
week's game without major inju
ries, we should he in good shape
for the rest of the season," said
Jarvis.
Finally Depth
With both McMillen and Dowd
expected back next week, the
Card backfield would finally be
blessed with a little depth. The
injuries have forcd a number of
previously untried gridders into
action, with favorable results.
Halfbacks John Bessey and
Skip Face and fullback Mac Wylie
were rather pleasant surprises in
the attack last week, despite the
fact that it was their first action
of the year.
UCLA is having its personnel
problems, too, but not because of
injuries. The most heavily penal
ized of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence rebels, Ihe Bruins lost six
key seniors after last week's
game.
Center is the only position
whore Coach Bill Barnes had to
dip into untried talent as he
sought replacements for the long
gone five - gamers. Sophomore
Harry Baldwin of A 1 ham bra
takes over the pivot vacated by
Dick Butler. Long and lean (6-3.
IS5> Baldwin nosed out four oth
er non-lettermen for the job.
Junior veteran Bob King, who
logged only 68 minutes of action
last season, replaces Clint Whit
field at guard. A Valley JC trans
fer, King came to Bruinville from
Van Nuys. UCLA's heaviest line
man, Paul Oglesby of Riverside,
is the tackle nominated to replace
All-Coast star Bill Leeka. A 223-
pounder, he lettered last year as
a sophomore.
Experienced Men
The Bruins will have experi
enced men to replace their pass
ing combination of tailback Don
Long and end Dick Wallen.
Getting the starting call at the
tailback slot will be senior Chuck
Kendall. Although the third
Bruin tailback last season, he
topped the team in rushing. Back
ing him is former NCAA punting
champion Kirk Wilson, who alter
nated starting duties with Long
last year. While both are fine
runners, they will have a big job
to make up for the passing of
Long, which was the finest seen
at UCLA since Red Sanders came
along with the single-wing.
Two-year vet John Brown, an
excellent pass receiver, is Wal
len's fill-in.
Rick McMillen is out, but Dick
Bowers will be back this week
when the Cards get back into con
ference action against the Rose
Bowl ineligible UCLA Bruins in
Los Angeles.
McMillen, injured early in last
week's Air Force Academy game
after his 185 • yard performance
against Washington, was ruled
definitely out this week hy train
er Connie Jarvis and team physi
cian Dr. E. F. Roth. The junior
halfback's ankle and leg will re
main in a cast for about a week.
The blow of losing McMillen
was greatly softened, however, by
the return of Bowers. Out of ac
tion with a knee injury since ihe
Northwestern game, Bowers has
been working out at full speed in
practice this week.
Fine Speed
Before the Northwestern clash,
Bowers appeared to have unseat
ed McMillen from the starting
left halfback slot, and was in the
first eleven at Evanston. At 5-9
and 172 he is one of the league's
smaller backs, but has fine speed
and is a crack defender.
Also out for the Bruin tilt are
sophomore fullback Gil Dowd and
veteran tackle Phil Burkland.
Dowd suffered a knee injury
against Washington, but Jarvis
reports he may be ready to go
next week against Southern Cali
fornia.
"If we can get through this
week's game without major inju
ries, we should he in good shape
for the rest of the season," said
Jarvis.
Finally Depth
With both McMillen and Dowd
expected back next week, the
Card backfield would finally be
blessed with a little depth. The
injuries have forcd a number of
previously untried gridders into
action, with favorable results.
Halfbacks John Bessey and
Skip Face and fullback Mac Wylie
were rather pleasant surprises in
the attack last week, despite the
fact that it was their first action
of the year.
UCLA is having its personnel
problems, too, but not because of
injuries. The most heavily penal
ized of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence rebels, Ihe Bruins lost six
key seniors after last week's
game.
Center is the only position
whore Coach Bill Barnes had to
dip into untried talent as he
sought replacements for the long
gone five - gamers. Sophomore
Harry Baldwin of A 1 ham bra
takes over the pivot vacated by
Dick Butler. Long and lean (6-3.
IS5> Baldwin nosed out four oth
er non-lettermen for the job.
Junior veteran Bob King, who
logged only 68 minutes of action
last season, replaces Clint Whit
field at guard. A Valley JC trans
fer, King came to Bruinville from
Van Nuys. UCLA's heaviest line
man, Paul Oglesby of Riverside,
is the tackle nominated to replace
All-Coast star Bill Leeka. A 223-
pounder, he lettered last year as
a sophomore.
Experienced Men
The Bruins will have experi
enced men to replace their pass
ing combination of tailback Don
Long and end Dick Wallen.
Getting the starting call at the
tailback slot will be senior Chuck
Kendall. Although the third
Bruin tailback last season, he
topped the team in rushing. Back
ing him is former NCAA punting
champion Kirk Wilson, who alter
nated starting duties with Long
last year. While both are fine
runners, they will have a big job
to make up for the passing of
Long, which was the finest seen
at UCLA since Red Sanders came
along with the single-wing.
Two-year vet John Brown, an
excellent pass receiver, is Wal
len's fill-in.
Rick McMillen is out, but Dick
Bowers will be back this week
when the Cards get back into con
ference action against the Rose
Bowl ineligible UCLA Bruins in
Los Angeles.
McMillen, injured early in last
week's Air Force Academy game
after his 185 • yard performance
against Washington, was ruled
definitely out this week hy train
er Connie Jarvis and team physi
cian Dr. E. F. Roth. The junior
halfback's ankle and leg will re
main in a cast for about a week.
The blow of losing McMillen
was greatly softened, however, by
the return of Bowers. Out of ac
tion with a knee injury since ihe
Northwestern game, Bowers has
been working out at full speed in
practice this week.
Fine Speed
Before the Northwestern clash,
Bowers appeared to have unseat
ed McMillen from the starting
left halfback slot, and was in the
first eleven at Evanston. At 5-9
and 172 he is one of the league's
smaller backs, but has fine speed
and is a crack defender.
Also out for the Bruin tilt are
sophomore fullback Gil Dowd and
veteran tackle Phil Burkland.
Dowd suffered a knee injury
against Washington, but Jarvis
reports he may be ready to go
next week against Southern Cali
fornia.
"If we can get through this
week's game without major inju
ries, we should he in good shape
for the rest of the season," said
Jarvis.
Finally Depth
With both McMillen and Dowd
expected back next week, the
Card backfield would finally be
blessed with a little depth. The
injuries have forcd a number of
previously untried gridders into
action, with favorable results.
Halfbacks John Bessey and
Skip Face and fullback Mac Wylie
were rather pleasant surprises in
the attack last week, despite the
fact that it was their first action
of the year.
UCLA is having its personnel
problems, too, but not because of
injuries. The most heavily penal
ized of the Pacific Coast Confer
ence rebels, Ihe Bruins lost six
key seniors after last week's
game.
Center is the only position
whore Coach Bill Barnes had to
dip into untried talent as he
sought replacements for the long
gone five - gamers. Sophomore
Harry Baldwin of A 1 ham bra
takes over the pivot vacated by
Dick Butler. Long and lean (6-3.
IS5> Baldwin nosed out four oth
er non-lettermen for the job.
Junior veteran Bob King, who
logged only 68 minutes of action
last season, replaces Clint Whit
field at guard. A Valley JC trans
fer, King came to Bruinville from
Van Nuys. UCLA's heaviest line
man, Paul Oglesby of Riverside,
is the tackle nominated to replace
All-Coast star Bill Leeka. A 223-
pounder, he lettered last year as
a sophomore.
Experienced Men
The Bruins will have experi
enced men to replace their pass
ing combination of tailback Don
Long and end Dick Wallen.
Getting the starting call at the
tailback slot will be senior Chuck
Kendall. Although the third
Bruin tailback last season, he
topped the team in rushing. Back
ing him is former NCAA punting
champion Kirk Wilson, who alter
nated starting duties with Long
last year. While both are fine
runners, they will have a big job
to make up for the passing of
Long, which was the finest seen
at UCLA since Red Sanders came
along with the single-wing.
Two-year vet John Brown, an
excellent pass receiver, is Wal
len's fill-in.
