# The 						Stanford Daily
## SPORT CENE Meet the Cards 
### 
A junior from Caldwell, Ida.,
Garber saw limited action last
year playing under Jack Doug
las and Jack Taylor. He is the
best runner of this year's sig
nal callers but lacks effective
ness on throwing the long pass.
Does a good job on defense
where he tackles well. He is
majoring in pre-med.

A senior from Honolulu, By
rer has been hampered by eon
tinual injuries. Last year he
averaged 5.6 yards on the
ground despite an early-season
( injury which caused him to
miss two games and play just
partially in four others. He is
not a power runner but relaxed
and tricky. Major: Economics.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


SID GARBKR
Quarterback



JIM BYItER
Halfback-Fullback
A junior from Caldwell, Ida.,
Garber saw limited action last
year playing under Jack Doug
las and Jack Taylor. He is the
best runner of this year's sig
nal callers but lacks effective
ness on throwing the long pass.
Does a good job on defense
where he tackles well. He is
majoring in pre-med.

A senior from Honolulu, By
rer has been hampered by eon
tinual injuries. Last year he
averaged 5.6 yards on the
ground despite an early-season
( injury which caused him to
miss two games and play just
partially in four others. He is
not a power runner but relaxed
and tricky. Major: Economics.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


SID GARBKR
Quarterback



JIM BYItER
Halfback-Fullback
A junior from Caldwell, Ida.,
Garber saw limited action last
year playing under Jack Doug
las and Jack Taylor. He is the
best runner of this year's sig
nal callers but lacks effective
ness on throwing the long pass.
Does a good job on defense
where he tackles well. He is
majoring in pre-med.

A senior from Honolulu, By
rer has been hampered by eon
tinual injuries. Last year he
averaged 5.6 yards on the
ground despite an early-season
( injury which caused him to
miss two games and play just
partially in four others. He is
not a power runner but relaxed
and tricky. Major: Economics.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


SID GARBKR
Quarterback



JIM BYItER
Halfback-Fullback
A junior from Caldwell, Ida.,
Garber saw limited action last
year playing under Jack Doug
las and Jack Taylor. He is the
best runner of this year's sig
nal callers but lacks effective
ness on throwing the long pass.
Does a good job on defense
where he tackles well. He is
majoring in pre-med.

A senior from Honolulu, By
rer has been hampered by eon
tinual injuries. Last year he
averaged 5.6 yards on the
ground despite an early-season
( injury which caused him to
miss two games and play just
partially in four others. He is
not a power runner but relaxed
and tricky. Major: Economics.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


SID GARBKR
Quarterback



JIM BYItER
Halfback-Fullback
A junior from Caldwell, Ida.,
Garber saw limited action last
year playing under Jack Doug
las and Jack Taylor. He is the
best runner of this year's sig
nal callers but lacks effective
ness on throwing the long pass.
Does a good job on defense
where he tackles well. He is
majoring in pre-med.

A senior from Honolulu, By
rer has been hampered by eon
tinual injuries. Last year he
averaged 5.6 yards on the
ground despite an early-season
( injury which caused him to
miss two games and play just
partially in four others. He is
not a power runner but relaxed
and tricky. Major: Economics.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


SID GARBKR
Quarterback



JIM BYItER
Halfback-Fullback
A junior from Caldwell, Ida.,
Garber saw limited action last
year playing under Jack Doug
las and Jack Taylor. He is the
best runner of this year's sig
nal callers but lacks effective
ness on throwing the long pass.
Does a good job on defense
where he tackles well. He is
majoring in pre-med.

A senior from Honolulu, By
rer has been hampered by eon
tinual injuries. Last year he
averaged 5.6 yards on the
ground despite an early-season
( injury which caused him to
miss two games and play just
partially in four others. He is
not a power runner but relaxed
and tricky. Major: Economics.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


SID GARBKR
Quarterback



JIM BYItER
Halfback-Fullback
A junior from Caldwell, Ida.,
Garber saw limited action last
year playing under Jack Doug
las and Jack Taylor. He is the
best runner of this year's sig
nal callers but lacks effective
ness on throwing the long pass.
Does a good job on defense
where he tackles well. He is
majoring in pre-med.

A senior from Honolulu, By
rer has been hampered by eon
tinual injuries. Last year he
averaged 5.6 yards on the
ground despite an early-season
( injury which caused him to
miss two games and play just
partially in four others. He is
not a power runner but relaxed
and tricky. Major: Economics.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


SID GARBKR
Quarterback



JIM BYItER
Halfback-Fullback
A junior from Caldwell, Ida.,
Garber saw limited action last
year playing under Jack Doug
las and Jack Taylor. He is the
best runner of this year's sig
nal callers but lacks effective
ness on throwing the long pass.
Does a good job on defense
where he tackles well. He is
majoring in pre-med.

A senior from Honolulu, By
rer has been hampered by eon
tinual injuries. Last year he
averaged 5.6 yards on the
ground despite an early-season
( injury which caused him to
miss two games and play just
partially in four others. He is
not a power runner but relaxed
and tricky. Major: Economics.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


SID GARBKR
Quarterback



JIM BYItER
Halfback-Fullback
A junior from Caldwell, Ida.,
Garber saw limited action last
year playing under Jack Doug
las and Jack Taylor. He is the
best runner of this year's sig
nal callers but lacks effective
ness on throwing the long pass.
Does a good job on defense
where he tackles well. He is
majoring in pre-med.

A senior from Honolulu, By
rer has been hampered by eon
tinual injuries. Last year he
averaged 5.6 yards on the
ground despite an early-season
( injury which caused him to
miss two games and play just
partially in four others. He is
not a power runner but relaxed
and tricky. Major: Economics.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


SID GARBKR
Quarterback



JIM BYItER
Halfback-Fullback
A junior from Caldwell, Ida.,
Garber saw limited action last
year playing under Jack Doug
las and Jack Taylor. He is the
best runner of this year's sig
nal callers but lacks effective
ness on throwing the long pass.
Does a good job on defense
where he tackles well. He is
majoring in pre-med.

A senior from Honolulu, By
rer has been hampered by eon
tinual injuries. Last year he
averaged 5.6 yards on the
ground despite an early-season
( injury which caused him to
miss two games and play just
partially in four others. He is
not a power runner but relaxed
and tricky. Major: Economics.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


SID GARBKR
Quarterback



JIM BYItER
Halfback-Fullback
A junior from Caldwell, Ida.,
Garber saw limited action last
year playing under Jack Doug
las and Jack Taylor. He is the
best runner of this year's sig
nal callers but lacks effective
ness on throwing the long pass.
Does a good job on defense
where he tackles well. He is
majoring in pre-med.

A senior from Honolulu, By
rer has been hampered by eon
tinual injuries. Last year he
averaged 5.6 yards on the
ground despite an early-season
( injury which caused him to
miss two games and play just
partially in four others. He is
not a power runner but relaxed
and tricky. Major: Economics.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


SID GARBKR
Quarterback



JIM BYItER
Halfback-Fullback
A junior from Caldwell, Ida.,
Garber saw limited action last
year playing under Jack Doug
las and Jack Taylor. He is the
best runner of this year's sig
nal callers but lacks effective
ness on throwing the long pass.
Does a good job on defense
where he tackles well. He is
majoring in pre-med.

A senior from Honolulu, By
rer has been hampered by eon
tinual injuries. Last year he
averaged 5.6 yards on the
ground despite an early-season
( injury which caused him to
miss two games and play just
partially in four others. He is
not a power runner but relaxed
and tricky. Major: Economics.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


SID GARBKR
Quarterback



JIM BYItER
Halfback-Fullback
A junior from Caldwell, Ida.,
Garber saw limited action last
year playing under Jack Doug
las and Jack Taylor. He is the
best runner of this year's sig
nal callers but lacks effective
ness on throwing the long pass.
Does a good job on defense
where he tackles well. He is
majoring in pre-med.

A senior from Honolulu, By
rer has been hampered by eon
tinual injuries. Last year he
averaged 5.6 yards on the
ground despite an early-season
( injury which caused him to
miss two games and play just
partially in four others. He is
not a power runner but relaxed
and tricky. Major: Economics.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


SID GARBKR
Quarterback



JIM BYItER
Halfback-Fullback
A junior from Caldwell, Ida.,
Garber saw limited action last
year playing under Jack Doug
las and Jack Taylor. He is the
best runner of this year's sig
nal callers but lacks effective
ness on throwing the long pass.
Does a good job on defense
where he tackles well. He is
majoring in pre-med.

A senior from Honolulu, By
rer has been hampered by eon
tinual injuries. Last year he
averaged 5.6 yards on the
ground despite an early-season
( injury which caused him to
miss two games and play just
partially in four others. He is
not a power runner but relaxed
and tricky. Major: Economics.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


SID GARBKR
Quarterback



JIM BYItER
Halfback-Fullback
A junior from Caldwell, Ida.,
Garber saw limited action last
year playing under Jack Doug
las and Jack Taylor. He is the
best runner of this year's sig
nal callers but lacks effective
ness on throwing the long pass.
Does a good job on defense
where he tackles well. He is
majoring in pre-med.

A senior from Honolulu, By
rer has been hampered by eon
tinual injuries. Last year he
averaged 5.6 yards on the
ground despite an early-season
( injury which caused him to
miss two games and play just
partially in four others. He is
not a power runner but relaxed
and tricky. Major: Economics.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


SID GARBKR
Quarterback



JIM BYItER
Halfback-Fullback
A junior from Caldwell, Ida.,
Garber saw limited action last
year playing under Jack Doug
las and Jack Taylor. He is the
best runner of this year's sig
nal callers but lacks effective
ness on throwing the long pass.
Does a good job on defense
where he tackles well. He is
majoring in pre-med.

A senior from Honolulu, By
rer has been hampered by eon
tinual injuries. Last year he
averaged 5.6 yards on the
ground despite an early-season
( injury which caused him to
miss two games and play just
partially in four others. He is
not a power runner but relaxed
and tricky. Major: Economics.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


SID GARBKR
Quarterback



JIM BYItER
Halfback-Fullback
A junior from Caldwell, Ida.,
Garber saw limited action last
year playing under Jack Doug
las and Jack Taylor. He is the
best runner of this year's sig
nal callers but lacks effective
ness on throwing the long pass.
Does a good job on defense
where he tackles well. He is
majoring in pre-med.

A senior from Honolulu, By
rer has been hampered by eon
tinual injuries. Last year he
averaged 5.6 yards on the
ground despite an early-season
( injury which caused him to
miss two games and play just
partially in four others. He is
not a power runner but relaxed
and tricky. Major: Economics.

("Meet the Cards" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


SID GARBKR
Quarterback



JIM BYItER
Halfback-Fullback
