# 'Poor' Packs House During 3-Night Run
## 
### 
"The Poor of New York" by Dion
Boucicault, old-fashioned melo
drama presented last week at Me
morial Auditorium, was a great suc
cess, according to ticket sales and
audience reaction.
Friday and Saturday nights the
play was given before a packed
house, over 600 filling the theater
each night. Audiences hissed and
cheered in the approved fashion.
"The Poor of New York" by Dion
Boucicault, old-fashioned melo
drama presented last week at Me
morial Auditorium, was a great suc
cess, according to ticket sales and
audience reaction.
Friday and Saturday nights the
play was given before a packed
house, over 600 filling the theater
each night. Audiences hissed and
cheered in the approved fashion.
"The Poor of New York" by Dion
Boucicault, old-fashioned melo
drama presented last week at Me
morial Auditorium, was a great suc
cess, according to ticket sales and
audience reaction.
Friday and Saturday nights the
play was given before a packed
house, over 600 filling the theater
each night. Audiences hissed and
cheered in the approved fashion.
"The Poor of New York" by Dion
Boucicault, old-fashioned melo
drama presented last week at Me
morial Auditorium, was a great suc
cess, according to ticket sales and
audience reaction.
Friday and Saturday nights the
play was given before a packed
house, over 600 filling the theater
each night. Audiences hissed and
cheered in the approved fashion.
"The Poor of New York" by Dion
Boucicault, old-fashioned melo
drama presented last week at Me
morial Auditorium, was a great suc
cess, according to ticket sales and
audience reaction.
Friday and Saturday nights the
play was given before a packed
house, over 600 filling the theater
each night. Audiences hissed and
cheered in the approved fashion.
"The Poor of New York" by Dion
Boucicault, old-fashioned melo
drama presented last week at Me
morial Auditorium, was a great suc
cess, according to ticket sales and
audience reaction.
Friday and Saturday nights the
play was given before a packed
house, over 600 filling the theater
each night. Audiences hissed and
cheered in the approved fashion.
"The Poor of New York" by Dion
Boucicault, old-fashioned melo
drama presented last week at Me
morial Auditorium, was a great suc
cess, according to ticket sales and
audience reaction.
Friday and Saturday nights the
play was given before a packed
house, over 600 filling the theater
each night. Audiences hissed and
cheered in the approved fashion.
"The Poor of New York" by Dion
Boucicault, old-fashioned melo
drama presented last week at Me
morial Auditorium, was a great suc
cess, according to ticket sales and
audience reaction.
Friday and Saturday nights the
play was given before a packed
house, over 600 filling the theater
each night. Audiences hissed and
cheered in the approved fashion.
"The Poor of New York" by Dion
Boucicault, old-fashioned melo
drama presented last week at Me
morial Auditorium, was a great suc
cess, according to ticket sales and
audience reaction.
Friday and Saturday nights the
play was given before a packed
house, over 600 filling the theater
each night. Audiences hissed and
cheered in the approved fashion.
"The Poor of New York" by Dion
Boucicault, old-fashioned melo
drama presented last week at Me
morial Auditorium, was a great suc
cess, according to ticket sales and
audience reaction.
Friday and Saturday nights the
play was given before a packed
house, over 600 filling the theater
each night. Audiences hissed and
cheered in the approved fashion.
"The Poor of New York" by Dion
Boucicault, old-fashioned melo
drama presented last week at Me
morial Auditorium, was a great suc
cess, according to ticket sales and
audience reaction.
Friday and Saturday nights the
play was given before a packed
house, over 600 filling the theater
each night. Audiences hissed and
cheered in the approved fashion.
"The Poor of New York" by Dion
Boucicault, old-fashioned melo
drama presented last week at Me
morial Auditorium, was a great suc
cess, according to ticket sales and
audience reaction.
Friday and Saturday nights the
play was given before a packed
house, over 600 filling the theater
each night. Audiences hissed and
cheered in the approved fashion.
"The Poor of New York" by Dion
Boucicault, old-fashioned melo
drama presented last week at Me
morial Auditorium, was a great suc
cess, according to ticket sales and
audience reaction.
Friday and Saturday nights the
play was given before a packed
house, over 600 filling the theater
each night. Audiences hissed and
cheered in the approved fashion.
"The Poor of New York" by Dion
Boucicault, old-fashioned melo
drama presented last week at Me
morial Auditorium, was a great suc
cess, according to ticket sales and
audience reaction.
Friday and Saturday nights the
play was given before a packed
house, over 600 filling the theater
each night. Audiences hissed and
cheered in the approved fashion.
"The Poor of New York" by Dion
Boucicault, old-fashioned melo
drama presented last week at Me
morial Auditorium, was a great suc
cess, according to ticket sales and
audience reaction.
Friday and Saturday nights the
play was given before a packed
house, over 600 filling the theater
each night. Audiences hissed and
cheered in the approved fashion.
"The Poor of New York" by Dion
Boucicault, old-fashioned melo
drama presented last week at Me
morial Auditorium, was a great suc
cess, according to ticket sales and
audience reaction.
Friday and Saturday nights the
play was given before a packed
house, over 600 filling the theater
each night. Audiences hissed and
cheered in the approved fashion.
"The Poor of New York" by Dion
Boucicault, old-fashioned melo
drama presented last week at Me
morial Auditorium, was a great suc
cess, according to ticket sales and
audience reaction.
Friday and Saturday nights the
play was given before a packed
house, over 600 filling the theater
each night. Audiences hissed and
cheered in the approved fashion.
