# Activities Cards To Be Finished
## 
### 
Activity cards will be passed out
to hall men tonight at the weekly
meeting of Interclub Council, said
Jim Mack, chairman of men's ac
tivities files. The cards will be
filled and returned within a week;
then the files will be put in order
and submitted to Ex Committee for
approval.
All women's cards have been col
lected, and filing of the freshman
class has been completed. If the
women's files arc completed this
week they will be used to pick the
committee for the Red Cross drive
and the Big Game Dance.
Row men and frosh led in their
cards last week. A men's registra
tion committee consisting of Howard
Roberts, Charles Trcischman, Bob
Butler, and Frank Bauman will
wind up the work this week.
Activity cards will be passed out
to hall men tonight at the weekly
meeting of Interclub Council, said
Jim Mack, chairman of men's ac
tivities files. The cards will be
filled and returned within a week;
then the files will be put in order
and submitted to Ex Committee for
approval.
All women's cards have been col
lected, and filing of the freshman
class has been completed. If the
women's files arc completed this
week they will be used to pick the
committee for the Red Cross drive
and the Big Game Dance.
Row men and frosh led in their
cards last week. A men's registra
tion committee consisting of Howard
Roberts, Charles Trcischman, Bob
Butler, and Frank Bauman will
wind up the work this week.
Activity cards will be passed out
to hall men tonight at the weekly
meeting of Interclub Council, said
Jim Mack, chairman of men's ac
tivities files. The cards will be
filled and returned within a week;
then the files will be put in order
and submitted to Ex Committee for
approval.
All women's cards have been col
lected, and filing of the freshman
class has been completed. If the
women's files arc completed this
week they will be used to pick the
committee for the Red Cross drive
and the Big Game Dance.
Row men and frosh led in their
cards last week. A men's registra
tion committee consisting of Howard
Roberts, Charles Trcischman, Bob
Butler, and Frank Bauman will
wind up the work this week.
Activity cards will be passed out
to hall men tonight at the weekly
meeting of Interclub Council, said
Jim Mack, chairman of men's ac
tivities files. The cards will be
filled and returned within a week;
then the files will be put in order
and submitted to Ex Committee for
approval.
All women's cards have been col
lected, and filing of the freshman
class has been completed. If the
women's files arc completed this
week they will be used to pick the
committee for the Red Cross drive
and the Big Game Dance.
Row men and frosh led in their
cards last week. A men's registra
tion committee consisting of Howard
Roberts, Charles Trcischman, Bob
Butler, and Frank Bauman will
wind up the work this week.
Activity cards will be passed out
to hall men tonight at the weekly
meeting of Interclub Council, said
Jim Mack, chairman of men's ac
tivities files. The cards will be
filled and returned within a week;
then the files will be put in order
and submitted to Ex Committee for
approval.
All women's cards have been col
lected, and filing of the freshman
class has been completed. If the
women's files arc completed this
week they will be used to pick the
committee for the Red Cross drive
and the Big Game Dance.
Row men and frosh led in their
cards last week. A men's registra
tion committee consisting of Howard
Roberts, Charles Trcischman, Bob
Butler, and Frank Bauman will
wind up the work this week.
Activity cards will be passed out
to hall men tonight at the weekly
meeting of Interclub Council, said
Jim Mack, chairman of men's ac
tivities files. The cards will be
filled and returned within a week;
then the files will be put in order
and submitted to Ex Committee for
approval.
All women's cards have been col
lected, and filing of the freshman
class has been completed. If the
women's files arc completed this
week they will be used to pick the
committee for the Red Cross drive
and the Big Game Dance.
Row men and frosh led in their
cards last week. A men's registra
tion committee consisting of Howard
Roberts, Charles Trcischman, Bob
Butler, and Frank Bauman will
wind up the work this week.
Activity cards will be passed out
to hall men tonight at the weekly
meeting of Interclub Council, said
Jim Mack, chairman of men's ac
tivities files. The cards will be
filled and returned within a week;
then the files will be put in order
and submitted to Ex Committee for
approval.
All women's cards have been col
lected, and filing of the freshman
class has been completed. If the
women's files arc completed this
week they will be used to pick the
committee for the Red Cross drive
and the Big Game Dance.
Row men and frosh led in their
cards last week. A men's registra
tion committee consisting of Howard
Roberts, Charles Trcischman, Bob
Butler, and Frank Bauman will
wind up the work this week.
Activity cards will be passed out
to hall men tonight at the weekly
meeting of Interclub Council, said
Jim Mack, chairman of men's ac
tivities files. The cards will be
filled and returned within a week;
then the files will be put in order
and submitted to Ex Committee for
approval.
All women's cards have been col
lected, and filing of the freshman
class has been completed. If the
women's files arc completed this
week they will be used to pick the
committee for the Red Cross drive
and the Big Game Dance.
Row men and frosh led in their
cards last week. A men's registra
tion committee consisting of Howard
Roberts, Charles Trcischman, Bob
Butler, and Frank Bauman will
wind up the work this week.
Activity cards will be passed out
to hall men tonight at the weekly
meeting of Interclub Council, said
Jim Mack, chairman of men's ac
tivities files. The cards will be
filled and returned within a week;
then the files will be put in order
and submitted to Ex Committee for
approval.
All women's cards have been col
lected, and filing of the freshman
class has been completed. If the
women's files arc completed this
week they will be used to pick the
committee for the Red Cross drive
and the Big Game Dance.
Row men and frosh led in their
cards last week. A men's registra
tion committee consisting of Howard
Roberts, Charles Trcischman, Bob
Butler, and Frank Bauman will
wind up the work this week.
Activity cards will be passed out
to hall men tonight at the weekly
meeting of Interclub Council, said
Jim Mack, chairman of men's ac
tivities files. The cards will be
filled and returned within a week;
then the files will be put in order
and submitted to Ex Committee for
approval.
All women's cards have been col
lected, and filing of the freshman
class has been completed. If the
women's files arc completed this
week they will be used to pick the
committee for the Red Cross drive
and the Big Game Dance.
Row men and frosh led in their
cards last week. A men's registra
tion committee consisting of Howard
Roberts, Charles Trcischman, Bob
Butler, and Frank Bauman will
wind up the work this week.
Activity cards will be passed out
to hall men tonight at the weekly
meeting of Interclub Council, said
Jim Mack, chairman of men's ac
tivities files. The cards will be
filled and returned within a week;
then the files will be put in order
and submitted to Ex Committee for
approval.
All women's cards have been col
lected, and filing of the freshman
class has been completed. If the
women's files arc completed this
week they will be used to pick the
committee for the Red Cross drive
and the Big Game Dance.
Row men and frosh led in their
cards last week. A men's registra
tion committee consisting of Howard
Roberts, Charles Trcischman, Bob
Butler, and Frank Bauman will
wind up the work this week.
Activity cards will be passed out
to hall men tonight at the weekly
meeting of Interclub Council, said
Jim Mack, chairman of men's ac
tivities files. The cards will be
filled and returned within a week;
then the files will be put in order
and submitted to Ex Committee for
approval.
All women's cards have been col
lected, and filing of the freshman
class has been completed. If the
women's files arc completed this
week they will be used to pick the
committee for the Red Cross drive
and the Big Game Dance.
Row men and frosh led in their
cards last week. A men's registra
tion committee consisting of Howard
Roberts, Charles Trcischman, Bob
Butler, and Frank Bauman will
wind up the work this week.
Activity cards will be passed out
to hall men tonight at the weekly
meeting of Interclub Council, said
Jim Mack, chairman of men's ac
tivities files. The cards will be
filled and returned within a week;
then the files will be put in order
and submitted to Ex Committee for
approval.
All women's cards have been col
lected, and filing of the freshman
class has been completed. If the
women's files arc completed this
week they will be used to pick the
committee for the Red Cross drive
and the Big Game Dance.
Row men and frosh led in their
cards last week. A men's registra
tion committee consisting of Howard
Roberts, Charles Trcischman, Bob
Butler, and Frank Bauman will
wind up the work this week.
Activity cards will be passed out
to hall men tonight at the weekly
meeting of Interclub Council, said
Jim Mack, chairman of men's ac
tivities files. The cards will be
filled and returned within a week;
then the files will be put in order
and submitted to Ex Committee for
approval.
All women's cards have been col
lected, and filing of the freshman
class has been completed. If the
women's files arc completed this
week they will be used to pick the
committee for the Red Cross drive
and the Big Game Dance.
Row men and frosh led in their
cards last week. A men's registra
tion committee consisting of Howard
Roberts, Charles Trcischman, Bob
Butler, and Frank Bauman will
wind up the work this week.
Activity cards will be passed out
to hall men tonight at the weekly
meeting of Interclub Council, said
Jim Mack, chairman of men's ac
tivities files. The cards will be
filled and returned within a week;
then the files will be put in order
and submitted to Ex Committee for
approval.
All women's cards have been col
lected, and filing of the freshman
class has been completed. If the
women's files arc completed this
week they will be used to pick the
committee for the Red Cross drive
and the Big Game Dance.
Row men and frosh led in their
cards last week. A men's registra
tion committee consisting of Howard
Roberts, Charles Trcischman, Bob
Butler, and Frank Bauman will
wind up the work this week.
Activity cards will be passed out
to hall men tonight at the weekly
meeting of Interclub Council, said
Jim Mack, chairman of men's ac
tivities files. The cards will be
filled and returned within a week;
then the files will be put in order
and submitted to Ex Committee for
approval.
All women's cards have been col
lected, and filing of the freshman
class has been completed. If the
women's files arc completed this
week they will be used to pick the
committee for the Red Cross drive
and the Big Game Dance.
Row men and frosh led in their
cards last week. A men's registra
tion committee consisting of Howard
Roberts, Charles Trcischman, Bob
Butler, and Frank Bauman will
wind up the work this week.
Activity cards will be passed out
to hall men tonight at the weekly
meeting of Interclub Council, said
Jim Mack, chairman of men's ac
tivities files. The cards will be
filled and returned within a week;
then the files will be put in order
and submitted to Ex Committee for
approval.
All women's cards have been col
lected, and filing of the freshman
class has been completed. If the
women's files arc completed this
week they will be used to pick the
committee for the Red Cross drive
and the Big Game Dance.
Row men and frosh led in their
cards last week. A men's registra
tion committee consisting of Howard
Roberts, Charles Trcischman, Bob
Butler, and Frank Bauman will
wind up the work this week.
