# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The train from Kenosha to Wau
kegan travels 15.6 miles in 11 min
utes.
The train from Kenosha to Wau
kegan travels 15.6 miles in 11 min
utes.
The train from Kenosha to Wau
kegan travels 15.6 miles in 11 min
utes.
The train from Kenosha to Wau
kegan travels 15.6 miles in 11 min
utes.
The train from Kenosha to Wau
kegan travels 15.6 miles in 11 min
utes.
The train from Kenosha to Wau
kegan travels 15.6 miles in 11 min
utes.
The train from Kenosha to Wau
kegan travels 15.6 miles in 11 min
utes.
The train from Kenosha to Wau
kegan travels 15.6 miles in 11 min
utes.
The train from Kenosha to Wau
kegan travels 15.6 miles in 11 min
utes.
The train from Kenosha to Wau
kegan travels 15.6 miles in 11 min
utes.
The train from Kenosha to Wau
kegan travels 15.6 miles in 11 min
utes.
The train from Kenosha to Wau
kegan travels 15.6 miles in 11 min
utes.
The train from Kenosha to Wau
kegan travels 15.6 miles in 11 min
utes.
The train from Kenosha to Wau
kegan travels 15.6 miles in 11 min
utes.
The train from Kenosha to Wau
kegan travels 15.6 miles in 11 min
utes.
