# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Louis E, Mulgardt, architect for thr
president's house, has been making a
thorough tour of the estate in search
of the most suitable location for the
structure.
Louis E, Mulgardt, architect for thr
president's house, has been making a
thorough tour of the estate in search
of the most suitable location for the
structure.
Louis E, Mulgardt, architect for thr
president's house, has been making a
thorough tour of the estate in search
of the most suitable location for the
structure.
Louis E, Mulgardt, architect for thr
president's house, has been making a
thorough tour of the estate in search
of the most suitable location for the
structure.
Louis E, Mulgardt, architect for thr
president's house, has been making a
thorough tour of the estate in search
of the most suitable location for the
structure.
Louis E, Mulgardt, architect for thr
president's house, has been making a
thorough tour of the estate in search
of the most suitable location for the
structure.
Louis E, Mulgardt, architect for thr
president's house, has been making a
thorough tour of the estate in search
of the most suitable location for the
structure.
Louis E, Mulgardt, architect for thr
president's house, has been making a
thorough tour of the estate in search
of the most suitable location for the
structure.
Louis E, Mulgardt, architect for thr
president's house, has been making a
thorough tour of the estate in search
of the most suitable location for the
structure.
Louis E, Mulgardt, architect for thr
president's house, has been making a
thorough tour of the estate in search
of the most suitable location for the
structure.
Louis E, Mulgardt, architect for thr
president's house, has been making a
thorough tour of the estate in search
of the most suitable location for the
structure.
Louis E, Mulgardt, architect for thr
president's house, has been making a
thorough tour of the estate in search
of the most suitable location for the
structure.
Louis E, Mulgardt, architect for thr
president's house, has been making a
thorough tour of the estate in search
of the most suitable location for the
structure.
