# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS^
i !
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
Reach for the tall
blonde and if you
arc wearing any part
of the new R/A
TRIO, your chances
of great success arc
much better. This
cool, comfortable
and lightweight suit
with the harmoniz
ing slacks takes you
anywhere with the
greatest of case and
aplomb (whatever
that is I. Only 64.50.
■
■
■
■
uftwamam
INDIANS^
i !
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
Reach for the tall
blonde and if you
arc wearing any part
of the new R/A
TRIO, your chances
of great success arc
much better. This
cool, comfortable
and lightweight suit
with the harmoniz
ing slacks takes you
anywhere with the
greatest of case and
aplomb (whatever
that is I. Only 64.50.
■
■
■
■
uftwamam
INDIANS^
i !
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
Reach for the tall
blonde and if you
arc wearing any part
of the new R/A
TRIO, your chances
of great success arc
much better. This
cool, comfortable
and lightweight suit
with the harmoniz
ing slacks takes you
anywhere with the
greatest of case and
aplomb (whatever
that is I. Only 64.50.
■
■
■
■
uftwamam
INDIANS^
i !
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
Reach for the tall
blonde and if you
arc wearing any part
of the new R/A
TRIO, your chances
of great success arc
much better. This
cool, comfortable
and lightweight suit
with the harmoniz
ing slacks takes you
anywhere with the
greatest of case and
aplomb (whatever
that is I. Only 64.50.
■
■
■
■
uftwamam
INDIANS^
i !
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
Reach for the tall
blonde and if you
arc wearing any part
of the new R/A
TRIO, your chances
of great success arc
much better. This
cool, comfortable
and lightweight suit
with the harmoniz
ing slacks takes you
anywhere with the
greatest of case and
aplomb (whatever
that is I. Only 64.50.
■
■
■
■
uftwamam
INDIANS^
i !
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
Reach for the tall
blonde and if you
arc wearing any part
of the new R/A
TRIO, your chances
of great success arc
much better. This
cool, comfortable
and lightweight suit
with the harmoniz
ing slacks takes you
anywhere with the
greatest of case and
aplomb (whatever
that is I. Only 64.50.
■
■
■
■
uftwamam
INDIANS^
i !
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
Reach for the tall
blonde and if you
arc wearing any part
of the new R/A
TRIO, your chances
of great success arc
much better. This
cool, comfortable
and lightweight suit
with the harmoniz
ing slacks takes you
anywhere with the
greatest of case and
aplomb (whatever
that is I. Only 64.50.
■
■
■
■
uftwamam
INDIANS^
i !
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
Reach for the tall
blonde and if you
arc wearing any part
of the new R/A
TRIO, your chances
of great success arc
much better. This
cool, comfortable
and lightweight suit
with the harmoniz
ing slacks takes you
anywhere with the
greatest of case and
aplomb (whatever
that is I. Only 64.50.
■
■
■
■
uftwamam
INDIANS^
i !
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
Reach for the tall
blonde and if you
arc wearing any part
of the new R/A
TRIO, your chances
of great success arc
much better. This
cool, comfortable
and lightweight suit
with the harmoniz
ing slacks takes you
anywhere with the
greatest of case and
aplomb (whatever
that is I. Only 64.50.
■
■
■
■
uftwamam
INDIANS^
i !
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
Reach for the tall
blonde and if you
arc wearing any part
of the new R/A
TRIO, your chances
of great success arc
much better. This
cool, comfortable
and lightweight suit
with the harmoniz
ing slacks takes you
anywhere with the
greatest of case and
aplomb (whatever
that is I. Only 64.50.
■
■
■
■
uftwamam
INDIANS^
i !
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
Reach for the tall
blonde and if you
arc wearing any part
of the new R/A
TRIO, your chances
of great success arc
much better. This
cool, comfortable
and lightweight suit
with the harmoniz
ing slacks takes you
anywhere with the
greatest of case and
aplomb (whatever
that is I. Only 64.50.
■
■
■
■
uftwamam
INDIANS^
i !
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
Reach for the tall
blonde and if you
arc wearing any part
of the new R/A
TRIO, your chances
of great success arc
much better. This
cool, comfortable
and lightweight suit
with the harmoniz
ing slacks takes you
anywhere with the
greatest of case and
aplomb (whatever
that is I. Only 64.50.
■
■
■
■
uftwamam
INDIANS^
i !
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
Reach for the tall
blonde and if you
arc wearing any part
of the new R/A
TRIO, your chances
of great success arc
much better. This
cool, comfortable
and lightweight suit
with the harmoniz
ing slacks takes you
anywhere with the
greatest of case and
aplomb (whatever
that is I. Only 64.50.
■
■
■
■
uftwamam
INDIANS^
i !
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
Reach for the tall
blonde and if you
arc wearing any part
of the new R/A
TRIO, your chances
of great success arc
much better. This
cool, comfortable
and lightweight suit
with the harmoniz
ing slacks takes you
anywhere with the
greatest of case and
aplomb (whatever
that is I. Only 64.50.
■
■
■
■
uftwamam
INDIANS^
i !
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
Reach for the tall
blonde and if you
arc wearing any part
of the new R/A
TRIO, your chances
of great success arc
much better. This
cool, comfortable
and lightweight suit
with the harmoniz
ing slacks takes you
anywhere with the
greatest of case and
aplomb (whatever
that is I. Only 64.50.
■
■
■
■
uftwamam
INDIANS^
i !
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
■
Reach for the tall
blonde and if you
arc wearing any part
of the new R/A
TRIO, your chances
of great success arc
much better. This
cool, comfortable
and lightweight suit
with the harmoniz
ing slacks takes you
anywhere with the
greatest of case and
aplomb (whatever
that is I. Only 64.50.
■
■
■
■
uftwamam
