# JFK Considers Summit Meet
## 
### 
PALM BEACH, Fla. (UPD—(,
President Kennedy yesterday
awaited word from Geneva and ,
Moscow on whether it will be pos
sible to meet Informally with So-1
viet Premier Nikita S. Khrush-1
chev in Europe early next month, j
A decision on the meeting with ■
Khrushchev was not expected be- j
fore Kennedy returns fram Can-'
ada next Thursday. The chief ex-1

ecutive and his wife fly to Ottawa
today for a two-day ceremonial
visit, their first trip to a foreign
country since the Inauguration.
Kennedy, it was understood, is
giving serious consideration to
the possibility of meeting Khrush
chev in Stockholm or Vienna
shortly after the President visits
in Paris May 31 -June 2 with
French President Charles De
Gaulle.
