# Adv. 12 Page 5
## 
### 
pianist
Mortimer Markoff
in Concert
May 8 — 8 p.m.
Campbell Recital Hall
works by
Beethoven, Chopin,
Scarlatti, Brahms
and Markoff
benefits
Physicians for Social
Responsibility
Tickets at the door:
$7.50 general
$5 students iff seniors
pianist
Mortimer Markoff
in Concert
May 8 — 8 p.m.
Campbell Recital Hall
works by
Beethoven, Chopin,
Scarlatti, Brahms
and Markoff
benefits
Physicians for Social
Responsibility
Tickets at the door:
$7.50 general
$5 students iff seniors
pianist
Mortimer Markoff
in Concert
May 8 — 8 p.m.
Campbell Recital Hall
works by
Beethoven, Chopin,
Scarlatti, Brahms
and Markoff
benefits
Physicians for Social
Responsibility
Tickets at the door:
$7.50 general
$5 students iff seniors
pianist
Mortimer Markoff
in Concert
May 8 — 8 p.m.
Campbell Recital Hall
works by
Beethoven, Chopin,
Scarlatti, Brahms
and Markoff
benefits
Physicians for Social
Responsibility
Tickets at the door:
$7.50 general
$5 students iff seniors
pianist
Mortimer Markoff
in Concert
May 8 — 8 p.m.
Campbell Recital Hall
works by
Beethoven, Chopin,
Scarlatti, Brahms
and Markoff
benefits
Physicians for Social
Responsibility
Tickets at the door:
$7.50 general
$5 students iff seniors
pianist
Mortimer Markoff
in Concert
May 8 — 8 p.m.
Campbell Recital Hall
works by
Beethoven, Chopin,
Scarlatti, Brahms
and Markoff
benefits
Physicians for Social
Responsibility
Tickets at the door:
$7.50 general
$5 students iff seniors
pianist
Mortimer Markoff
in Concert
May 8 — 8 p.m.
Campbell Recital Hall
works by
Beethoven, Chopin,
Scarlatti, Brahms
and Markoff
benefits
Physicians for Social
Responsibility
Tickets at the door:
$7.50 general
$5 students iff seniors
