# Correction
## 
### 
Due to an editing error, a view
point in yesterday's Daily mis
stated the location of Howard Uni
versity. It is in Washington, D.C.
Due to an editing error, a view
point in yesterday's Daily mis
stated the location of Howard Uni
versity. It is in Washington, D.C.
Due to an editing error, a view
point in yesterday's Daily mis
stated the location of Howard Uni
versity. It is in Washington, D.C.
Due to an editing error, a view
point in yesterday's Daily mis
stated the location of Howard Uni
versity. It is in Washington, D.C.
Due to an editing error, a view
point in yesterday's Daily mis
stated the location of Howard Uni
versity. It is in Washington, D.C.
Due to an editing error, a view
point in yesterday's Daily mis
stated the location of Howard Uni
versity. It is in Washington, D.C.
Due to an editing error, a view
point in yesterday's Daily mis
stated the location of Howard Uni
versity. It is in Washington, D.C.
