# JUNIPERO SERRA CLUB WILL MEET THURSDAY
## 
### 
The Junipero Serra Club will be the
guests of Professor and Mrs. A. M.
Espinosa, at Professor Espinosa's
home, Thursday evening. Professor
Espinosa will tell about his travels
in Spain, and his work in connection
with the folk-lore of the country. All
Catholic students are invited to at
tend.
The Junipero Serra Club will be the
guests of Professor and Mrs. A. M.
Espinosa, at Professor Espinosa's
home, Thursday evening. Professor
Espinosa will tell about his travels
in Spain, and his work in connection
with the folk-lore of the country. All
Catholic students are invited to at
tend.
The Junipero Serra Club will be the
guests of Professor and Mrs. A. M.
Espinosa, at Professor Espinosa's
home, Thursday evening. Professor
Espinosa will tell about his travels
in Spain, and his work in connection
with the folk-lore of the country. All
Catholic students are invited to at
tend.
The Junipero Serra Club will be the
guests of Professor and Mrs. A. M.
Espinosa, at Professor Espinosa's
home, Thursday evening. Professor
Espinosa will tell about his travels
in Spain, and his work in connection
with the folk-lore of the country. All
Catholic students are invited to at
tend.
The Junipero Serra Club will be the
guests of Professor and Mrs. A. M.
Espinosa, at Professor Espinosa's
home, Thursday evening. Professor
Espinosa will tell about his travels
in Spain, and his work in connection
with the folk-lore of the country. All
Catholic students are invited to at
tend.
The Junipero Serra Club will be the
guests of Professor and Mrs. A. M.
Espinosa, at Professor Espinosa's
home, Thursday evening. Professor
Espinosa will tell about his travels
in Spain, and his work in connection
with the folk-lore of the country. All
Catholic students are invited to at
tend.
The Junipero Serra Club will be the
guests of Professor and Mrs. A. M.
Espinosa, at Professor Espinosa's
home, Thursday evening. Professor
Espinosa will tell about his travels
in Spain, and his work in connection
with the folk-lore of the country. All
Catholic students are invited to at
tend.
The Junipero Serra Club will be the
guests of Professor and Mrs. A. M.
Espinosa, at Professor Espinosa's
home, Thursday evening. Professor
Espinosa will tell about his travels
in Spain, and his work in connection
with the folk-lore of the country. All
Catholic students are invited to at
tend.
The Junipero Serra Club will be the
guests of Professor and Mrs. A. M.
Espinosa, at Professor Espinosa's
home, Thursday evening. Professor
Espinosa will tell about his travels
in Spain, and his work in connection
with the folk-lore of the country. All
Catholic students are invited to at
tend.
The Junipero Serra Club will be the
guests of Professor and Mrs. A. M.
Espinosa, at Professor Espinosa's
home, Thursday evening. Professor
Espinosa will tell about his travels
in Spain, and his work in connection
with the folk-lore of the country. All
Catholic students are invited to at
tend.
The Junipero Serra Club will be the
guests of Professor and Mrs. A. M.
Espinosa, at Professor Espinosa's
home, Thursday evening. Professor
Espinosa will tell about his travels
in Spain, and his work in connection
with the folk-lore of the country. All
Catholic students are invited to at
tend.
The Junipero Serra Club will be the
guests of Professor and Mrs. A. M.
Espinosa, at Professor Espinosa's
home, Thursday evening. Professor
Espinosa will tell about his travels
in Spain, and his work in connection
with the folk-lore of the country. All
Catholic students are invited to at
tend.
The Junipero Serra Club will be the
guests of Professor and Mrs. A. M.
Espinosa, at Professor Espinosa's
home, Thursday evening. Professor
Espinosa will tell about his travels
in Spain, and his work in connection
with the folk-lore of the country. All
Catholic students are invited to at
tend.
