# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Beginning: with the next is
sue, the Summer Weekly will
take classified advertising.
The rates will be 35 cents per
line for one or two inser
tions, 30 cents per line for
three insertions, 25 cents per
line for four Insertions, and
20 cents per line for an ad to
run all summer. There is a
three line minimum. Ads
may be placed by calling the
Weekly at DAvenport 2-2166.
Beginning: with the next is
sue, the Summer Weekly will
take classified advertising.
The rates will be 35 cents per
line for one or two inser
tions, 30 cents per line for
three insertions, 25 cents per
line for four Insertions, and
20 cents per line for an ad to
run all summer. There is a
three line minimum. Ads
may be placed by calling the
Weekly at DAvenport 2-2166.
Beginning: with the next is
sue, the Summer Weekly will
take classified advertising.
The rates will be 35 cents per
line for one or two inser
tions, 30 cents per line for
three insertions, 25 cents per
line for four Insertions, and
20 cents per line for an ad to
run all summer. There is a
three line minimum. Ads
may be placed by calling the
Weekly at DAvenport 2-2166.
Beginning: with the next is
sue, the Summer Weekly will
take classified advertising.
The rates will be 35 cents per
line for one or two inser
tions, 30 cents per line for
three insertions, 25 cents per
line for four Insertions, and
20 cents per line for an ad to
run all summer. There is a
three line minimum. Ads
may be placed by calling the
Weekly at DAvenport 2-2166.
Beginning: with the next is
sue, the Summer Weekly will
take classified advertising.
The rates will be 35 cents per
line for one or two inser
tions, 30 cents per line for
three insertions, 25 cents per
line for four Insertions, and
20 cents per line for an ad to
run all summer. There is a
three line minimum. Ads
may be placed by calling the
Weekly at DAvenport 2-2166.
Beginning: with the next is
sue, the Summer Weekly will
take classified advertising.
The rates will be 35 cents per
line for one or two inser
tions, 30 cents per line for
three insertions, 25 cents per
line for four Insertions, and
20 cents per line for an ad to
run all summer. There is a
three line minimum. Ads
may be placed by calling the
Weekly at DAvenport 2-2166.
Beginning: with the next is
sue, the Summer Weekly will
take classified advertising.
The rates will be 35 cents per
line for one or two inser
tions, 30 cents per line for
three insertions, 25 cents per
line for four Insertions, and
20 cents per line for an ad to
run all summer. There is a
three line minimum. Ads
may be placed by calling the
Weekly at DAvenport 2-2166.
Beginning: with the next is
sue, the Summer Weekly will
take classified advertising.
The rates will be 35 cents per
line for one or two inser
tions, 30 cents per line for
three insertions, 25 cents per
line for four Insertions, and
20 cents per line for an ad to
run all summer. There is a
three line minimum. Ads
may be placed by calling the
Weekly at DAvenport 2-2166.
Beginning: with the next is
sue, the Summer Weekly will
take classified advertising.
The rates will be 35 cents per
line for one or two inser
tions, 30 cents per line for
three insertions, 25 cents per
line for four Insertions, and
20 cents per line for an ad to
run all summer. There is a
three line minimum. Ads
may be placed by calling the
Weekly at DAvenport 2-2166.
Beginning: with the next is
sue, the Summer Weekly will
take classified advertising.
The rates will be 35 cents per
line for one or two inser
tions, 30 cents per line for
three insertions, 25 cents per
line for four Insertions, and
20 cents per line for an ad to
run all summer. There is a
three line minimum. Ads
may be placed by calling the
Weekly at DAvenport 2-2166.
Beginning: with the next is
sue, the Summer Weekly will
take classified advertising.
The rates will be 35 cents per
line for one or two inser
tions, 30 cents per line for
three insertions, 25 cents per
line for four Insertions, and
20 cents per line for an ad to
run all summer. There is a
three line minimum. Ads
may be placed by calling the
Weekly at DAvenport 2-2166.
Beginning: with the next is
sue, the Summer Weekly will
take classified advertising.
The rates will be 35 cents per
line for one or two inser
tions, 30 cents per line for
three insertions, 25 cents per
line for four Insertions, and
20 cents per line for an ad to
run all summer. There is a
three line minimum. Ads
may be placed by calling the
Weekly at DAvenport 2-2166.
Beginning: with the next is
sue, the Summer Weekly will
take classified advertising.
The rates will be 35 cents per
line for one or two inser
tions, 30 cents per line for
three insertions, 25 cents per
line for four Insertions, and
20 cents per line for an ad to
run all summer. There is a
three line minimum. Ads
may be placed by calling the
Weekly at DAvenport 2-2166.
Beginning: with the next is
sue, the Summer Weekly will
take classified advertising.
The rates will be 35 cents per
line for one or two inser
tions, 30 cents per line for
three insertions, 25 cents per
line for four Insertions, and
20 cents per line for an ad to
run all summer. There is a
three line minimum. Ads
may be placed by calling the
Weekly at DAvenport 2-2166.
Beginning: with the next is
sue, the Summer Weekly will
take classified advertising.
The rates will be 35 cents per
line for one or two inser
tions, 30 cents per line for
three insertions, 25 cents per
line for four Insertions, and
20 cents per line for an ad to
run all summer. There is a
three line minimum. Ads
may be placed by calling the
Weekly at DAvenport 2-2166.
Beginning: with the next is
sue, the Summer Weekly will
take classified advertising.
The rates will be 35 cents per
line for one or two inser
tions, 30 cents per line for
three insertions, 25 cents per
line for four Insertions, and
20 cents per line for an ad to
run all summer. There is a
three line minimum. Ads
may be placed by calling the
Weekly at DAvenport 2-2166.
