# Church Hours, Services Noted
## 
### 
Regular summer services were
resumed last Sunday in Memorial
Church. Services are held at 11
a.m. each Sunday through August
12, and are open to all.

The church also holds a Candle
light Service of prayer and medi
tation with organ music each
Wednesday evening at 9:30 p.m.
Student participation in both
services is invited.
Church music is directed this
quarter by Thomas Harmon,
graduate student in the Depart
ment of Music.
Special services are held as an
nounced, and Holy Communion is
celebrated on the first Sunday of
the month at 9 a.m.
Regular summer services were
resumed last Sunday in Memorial
Church. Services are held at 11
a.m. each Sunday through August
12, and are open to all.

The church also holds a Candle
light Service of prayer and medi
tation with organ music each
Wednesday evening at 9:30 p.m.
Student participation in both
services is invited.
Church music is directed this
quarter by Thomas Harmon,
graduate student in the Depart
ment of Music.
Special services are held as an
nounced, and Holy Communion is
celebrated on the first Sunday of
the month at 9 a.m.
Regular summer services were
resumed last Sunday in Memorial
Church. Services are held at 11
a.m. each Sunday through August
12, and are open to all.

The church also holds a Candle
light Service of prayer and medi
tation with organ music each
Wednesday evening at 9:30 p.m.
Student participation in both
services is invited.
Church music is directed this
quarter by Thomas Harmon,
graduate student in the Depart
ment of Music.
Special services are held as an
nounced, and Holy Communion is
celebrated on the first Sunday of
the month at 9 a.m.
Regular summer services were
resumed last Sunday in Memorial
Church. Services are held at 11
a.m. each Sunday through August
12, and are open to all.

The church also holds a Candle
light Service of prayer and medi
tation with organ music each
Wednesday evening at 9:30 p.m.
Student participation in both
services is invited.
Church music is directed this
quarter by Thomas Harmon,
graduate student in the Depart
ment of Music.
Special services are held as an
nounced, and Holy Communion is
celebrated on the first Sunday of
the month at 9 a.m.
Regular summer services were
resumed last Sunday in Memorial
Church. Services are held at 11
a.m. each Sunday through August
12, and are open to all.

The church also holds a Candle
light Service of prayer and medi
tation with organ music each
Wednesday evening at 9:30 p.m.
Student participation in both
services is invited.
Church music is directed this
quarter by Thomas Harmon,
graduate student in the Depart
ment of Music.
Special services are held as an
nounced, and Holy Communion is
celebrated on the first Sunday of
the month at 9 a.m.
Regular summer services were
resumed last Sunday in Memorial
Church. Services are held at 11
a.m. each Sunday through August
12, and are open to all.

The church also holds a Candle
light Service of prayer and medi
tation with organ music each
Wednesday evening at 9:30 p.m.
Student participation in both
services is invited.
Church music is directed this
quarter by Thomas Harmon,
graduate student in the Depart
ment of Music.
Special services are held as an
nounced, and Holy Communion is
celebrated on the first Sunday of
the month at 9 a.m.
Regular summer services were
resumed last Sunday in Memorial
Church. Services are held at 11
a.m. each Sunday through August
12, and are open to all.

The church also holds a Candle
light Service of prayer and medi
tation with organ music each
Wednesday evening at 9:30 p.m.
Student participation in both
services is invited.
Church music is directed this
quarter by Thomas Harmon,
graduate student in the Depart
ment of Music.
Special services are held as an
nounced, and Holy Communion is
celebrated on the first Sunday of
the month at 9 a.m.
Regular summer services were
resumed last Sunday in Memorial
Church. Services are held at 11
a.m. each Sunday through August
12, and are open to all.

The church also holds a Candle
light Service of prayer and medi
tation with organ music each
Wednesday evening at 9:30 p.m.
Student participation in both
services is invited.
Church music is directed this
quarter by Thomas Harmon,
graduate student in the Depart
ment of Music.
Special services are held as an
nounced, and Holy Communion is
celebrated on the first Sunday of
the month at 9 a.m.
Regular summer services were
resumed last Sunday in Memorial
Church. Services are held at 11
a.m. each Sunday through August
12, and are open to all.

The church also holds a Candle
light Service of prayer and medi
tation with organ music each
Wednesday evening at 9:30 p.m.
Student participation in both
services is invited.
Church music is directed this
quarter by Thomas Harmon,
graduate student in the Depart
ment of Music.
Special services are held as an
nounced, and Holy Communion is
celebrated on the first Sunday of
the month at 9 a.m.
Regular summer services were
resumed last Sunday in Memorial
Church. Services are held at 11
a.m. each Sunday through August
12, and are open to all.

The church also holds a Candle
light Service of prayer and medi
tation with organ music each
Wednesday evening at 9:30 p.m.
Student participation in both
services is invited.
Church music is directed this
quarter by Thomas Harmon,
graduate student in the Depart
ment of Music.
Special services are held as an
nounced, and Holy Communion is
celebrated on the first Sunday of
the month at 9 a.m.
Regular summer services were
resumed last Sunday in Memorial
Church. Services are held at 11
a.m. each Sunday through August
12, and are open to all.

The church also holds a Candle
light Service of prayer and medi
tation with organ music each
Wednesday evening at 9:30 p.m.
Student participation in both
services is invited.
Church music is directed this
quarter by Thomas Harmon,
graduate student in the Depart
ment of Music.
Special services are held as an
nounced, and Holy Communion is
celebrated on the first Sunday of
the month at 9 a.m.
Regular summer services were
resumed last Sunday in Memorial
Church. Services are held at 11
a.m. each Sunday through August
12, and are open to all.

The church also holds a Candle
light Service of prayer and medi
tation with organ music each
Wednesday evening at 9:30 p.m.
Student participation in both
services is invited.
Church music is directed this
quarter by Thomas Harmon,
graduate student in the Depart
ment of Music.
Special services are held as an
nounced, and Holy Communion is
celebrated on the first Sunday of
the month at 9 a.m.
Regular summer services were
resumed last Sunday in Memorial
Church. Services are held at 11
a.m. each Sunday through August
12, and are open to all.

The church also holds a Candle
light Service of prayer and medi
tation with organ music each
Wednesday evening at 9:30 p.m.
Student participation in both
services is invited.
Church music is directed this
quarter by Thomas Harmon,
graduate student in the Depart
ment of Music.
Special services are held as an
nounced, and Holy Communion is
celebrated on the first Sunday of
the month at 9 a.m.
Regular summer services were
resumed last Sunday in Memorial
Church. Services are held at 11
a.m. each Sunday through August
12, and are open to all.

The church also holds a Candle
light Service of prayer and medi
tation with organ music each
Wednesday evening at 9:30 p.m.
Student participation in both
services is invited.
Church music is directed this
quarter by Thomas Harmon,
graduate student in the Depart
ment of Music.
Special services are held as an
nounced, and Holy Communion is
celebrated on the first Sunday of
the month at 9 a.m.
Regular summer services were
resumed last Sunday in Memorial
Church. Services are held at 11
a.m. each Sunday through August
12, and are open to all.

The church also holds a Candle
light Service of prayer and medi
tation with organ music each
Wednesday evening at 9:30 p.m.
Student participation in both
services is invited.
Church music is directed this
quarter by Thomas Harmon,
graduate student in the Depart
ment of Music.
Special services are held as an
nounced, and Holy Communion is
celebrated on the first Sunday of
the month at 9 a.m.
Regular summer services were
resumed last Sunday in Memorial
Church. Services are held at 11
a.m. each Sunday through August
12, and are open to all.

The church also holds a Candle
light Service of prayer and medi
tation with organ music each
Wednesday evening at 9:30 p.m.
Student participation in both
services is invited.
Church music is directed this
quarter by Thomas Harmon,
graduate student in the Depart
ment of Music.
Special services are held as an
nounced, and Holy Communion is
celebrated on the first Sunday of
the month at 9 a.m.
