# SPARTAN CAGERS
## 
### 
San Jose State's basketball team
will meet the Humboldt State cagers
lonight and Saturday in Eureka,
Calif. San Jose State has a record
of four wins and three losses so fai
th is season.
San Jose State's basketball team
will meet the Humboldt State cagers
lonight and Saturday in Eureka,
Calif. San Jose State has a record
of four wins and three losses so fai
th is season.
San Jose State's basketball team
will meet the Humboldt State cagers
lonight and Saturday in Eureka,
Calif. San Jose State has a record
of four wins and three losses so fai
th is season.
San Jose State's basketball team
will meet the Humboldt State cagers
lonight and Saturday in Eureka,
Calif. San Jose State has a record
of four wins and three losses so fai
th is season.
San Jose State's basketball team
will meet the Humboldt State cagers
lonight and Saturday in Eureka,
Calif. San Jose State has a record
of four wins and three losses so fai
th is season.
San Jose State's basketball team
will meet the Humboldt State cagers
lonight and Saturday in Eureka,
Calif. San Jose State has a record
of four wins and three losses so fai
th is season.
San Jose State's basketball team
will meet the Humboldt State cagers
lonight and Saturday in Eureka,
Calif. San Jose State has a record
of four wins and three losses so fai
th is season.
San Jose State's basketball team
will meet the Humboldt State cagers
lonight and Saturday in Eureka,
Calif. San Jose State has a record
of four wins and three losses so fai
th is season.
San Jose State's basketball team
will meet the Humboldt State cagers
lonight and Saturday in Eureka,
Calif. San Jose State has a record
of four wins and three losses so fai
th is season.
San Jose State's basketball team
will meet the Humboldt State cagers
lonight and Saturday in Eureka,
Calif. San Jose State has a record
of four wins and three losses so fai
th is season.
San Jose State's basketball team
will meet the Humboldt State cagers
lonight and Saturday in Eureka,
Calif. San Jose State has a record
of four wins and three losses so fai
th is season.
San Jose State's basketball team
will meet the Humboldt State cagers
lonight and Saturday in Eureka,
Calif. San Jose State has a record
of four wins and three losses so fai
th is season.
San Jose State's basketball team
will meet the Humboldt State cagers
lonight and Saturday in Eureka,
Calif. San Jose State has a record
of four wins and three losses so fai
th is season.
San Jose State's basketball team
will meet the Humboldt State cagers
lonight and Saturday in Eureka,
Calif. San Jose State has a record
of four wins and three losses so fai
th is season.
San Jose State's basketball team
will meet the Humboldt State cagers
lonight and Saturday in Eureka,
Calif. San Jose State has a record
of four wins and three losses so fai
th is season.
San Jose State's basketball team
will meet the Humboldt State cagers
lonight and Saturday in Eureka,
Calif. San Jose State has a record
of four wins and three losses so fai
th is season.
San Jose State's basketball team
will meet the Humboldt State cagers
lonight and Saturday in Eureka,
Calif. San Jose State has a record
of four wins and three losses so fai
th is season.
San Jose State's basketball team
will meet the Humboldt State cagers
lonight and Saturday in Eureka,
Calif. San Jose State has a record
of four wins and three losses so fai
th is season.
