# BRITIS HCHEK THAI, JAP TROOPS IN BURMA
## 
### 
RANGOON, Jan. 22 (UP).—Brit
ish Imperials have repulsed ele
phant-riding Japanese and Thai
invaders with heavy losses at Kaw
kareik, east of the port of Moul
mein, and they have sent troops to
Ye, 100 miles south of Moulmein, to
guard the right flank of the defend
ers of Burma's southeastern fron
tier, it was announced today.
RANGOON, Jan. 22 (UP).—Brit
ish Imperials have repulsed ele
phant-riding Japanese and Thai
invaders with heavy losses at Kaw
kareik, east of the port of Moul
mein, and they have sent troops to
Ye, 100 miles south of Moulmein, to
guard the right flank of the defend
ers of Burma's southeastern fron
tier, it was announced today.
RANGOON, Jan. 22 (UP).—Brit
ish Imperials have repulsed ele
phant-riding Japanese and Thai
invaders with heavy losses at Kaw
kareik, east of the port of Moul
mein, and they have sent troops to
Ye, 100 miles south of Moulmein, to
guard the right flank of the defend
ers of Burma's southeastern fron
tier, it was announced today.
RANGOON, Jan. 22 (UP).—Brit
ish Imperials have repulsed ele
phant-riding Japanese and Thai
invaders with heavy losses at Kaw
kareik, east of the port of Moul
mein, and they have sent troops to
Ye, 100 miles south of Moulmein, to
guard the right flank of the defend
ers of Burma's southeastern fron
tier, it was announced today.
RANGOON, Jan. 22 (UP).—Brit
ish Imperials have repulsed ele
phant-riding Japanese and Thai
invaders with heavy losses at Kaw
kareik, east of the port of Moul
mein, and they have sent troops to
Ye, 100 miles south of Moulmein, to
guard the right flank of the defend
ers of Burma's southeastern fron
tier, it was announced today.
RANGOON, Jan. 22 (UP).—Brit
ish Imperials have repulsed ele
phant-riding Japanese and Thai
invaders with heavy losses at Kaw
kareik, east of the port of Moul
mein, and they have sent troops to
Ye, 100 miles south of Moulmein, to
guard the right flank of the defend
ers of Burma's southeastern fron
tier, it was announced today.
RANGOON, Jan. 22 (UP).—Brit
ish Imperials have repulsed ele
phant-riding Japanese and Thai
invaders with heavy losses at Kaw
kareik, east of the port of Moul
mein, and they have sent troops to
Ye, 100 miles south of Moulmein, to
guard the right flank of the defend
ers of Burma's southeastern fron
tier, it was announced today.
RANGOON, Jan. 22 (UP).—Brit
ish Imperials have repulsed ele
phant-riding Japanese and Thai
invaders with heavy losses at Kaw
kareik, east of the port of Moul
mein, and they have sent troops to
Ye, 100 miles south of Moulmein, to
guard the right flank of the defend
ers of Burma's southeastern fron
tier, it was announced today.
RANGOON, Jan. 22 (UP).—Brit
ish Imperials have repulsed ele
phant-riding Japanese and Thai
invaders with heavy losses at Kaw
kareik, east of the port of Moul
mein, and they have sent troops to
Ye, 100 miles south of Moulmein, to
guard the right flank of the defend
ers of Burma's southeastern fron
tier, it was announced today.
RANGOON, Jan. 22 (UP).—Brit
ish Imperials have repulsed ele
phant-riding Japanese and Thai
invaders with heavy losses at Kaw
kareik, east of the port of Moul
mein, and they have sent troops to
Ye, 100 miles south of Moulmein, to
guard the right flank of the defend
ers of Burma's southeastern fron
tier, it was announced today.
RANGOON, Jan. 22 (UP).—Brit
ish Imperials have repulsed ele
phant-riding Japanese and Thai
invaders with heavy losses at Kaw
kareik, east of the port of Moul
mein, and they have sent troops to
Ye, 100 miles south of Moulmein, to
guard the right flank of the defend
ers of Burma's southeastern fron
tier, it was announced today.
RANGOON, Jan. 22 (UP).—Brit
ish Imperials have repulsed ele
phant-riding Japanese and Thai
invaders with heavy losses at Kaw
kareik, east of the port of Moul
mein, and they have sent troops to
Ye, 100 miles south of Moulmein, to
guard the right flank of the defend
ers of Burma's southeastern fron
tier, it was announced today.
RANGOON, Jan. 22 (UP).—Brit
ish Imperials have repulsed ele
phant-riding Japanese and Thai
invaders with heavy losses at Kaw
kareik, east of the port of Moul
mein, and they have sent troops to
Ye, 100 miles south of Moulmein, to
guard the right flank of the defend
ers of Burma's southeastern fron
tier, it was announced today.
RANGOON, Jan. 22 (UP).—Brit
ish Imperials have repulsed ele
phant-riding Japanese and Thai
invaders with heavy losses at Kaw
kareik, east of the port of Moul
mein, and they have sent troops to
Ye, 100 miles south of Moulmein, to
guard the right flank of the defend
ers of Burma's southeastern fron
tier, it was announced today.
RANGOON, Jan. 22 (UP).—Brit
ish Imperials have repulsed ele
phant-riding Japanese and Thai
invaders with heavy losses at Kaw
kareik, east of the port of Moul
mein, and they have sent troops to
Ye, 100 miles south of Moulmein, to
guard the right flank of the defend
ers of Burma's southeastern fron
tier, it was announced today.
RANGOON, Jan. 22 (UP).—Brit
ish Imperials have repulsed ele
phant-riding Japanese and Thai
invaders with heavy losses at Kaw
kareik, east of the port of Moul
mein, and they have sent troops to
Ye, 100 miles south of Moulmein, to
guard the right flank of the defend
ers of Burma's southeastern fron
tier, it was announced today.
RANGOON, Jan. 22 (UP).—Brit
ish Imperials have repulsed ele
phant-riding Japanese and Thai
invaders with heavy losses at Kaw
kareik, east of the port of Moul
mein, and they have sent troops to
Ye, 100 miles south of Moulmein, to
guard the right flank of the defend
ers of Burma's southeastern fron
tier, it was announced today.
RANGOON, Jan. 22 (UP).—Brit
ish Imperials have repulsed ele
phant-riding Japanese and Thai
invaders with heavy losses at Kaw
kareik, east of the port of Moul
mein, and they have sent troops to
Ye, 100 miles south of Moulmein, to
guard the right flank of the defend
ers of Burma's southeastern fron
tier, it was announced today.
