# Detroit Employees Vote No on Strike
## 
### 
DETROIT, Jan. 22 (UP).—A mass
meeting of Detroit city employees,
faced with forfeiture of their jobs
and assignment of 4,000 police to
guard duty, voted tonight to post
pone indefinitely a strike scheduled
for 4 a.m. tomorrow which would
have tied up most municipal services
in the nation's fourth largest city.
Local 77 of the A.F.L. city em
ployees' union voted 1,300 to 200
against calling the strike, which it
claimed would cripple all municipal
functions except schools, hospitals,
public utilities and the fire and po
lice departments. The union claims
to represent 15,000 employees.
DETROIT, Jan. 22 (UP).—A mass
meeting of Detroit city employees,
faced with forfeiture of their jobs
and assignment of 4,000 police to
guard duty, voted tonight to post
pone indefinitely a strike scheduled
for 4 a.m. tomorrow which would
have tied up most municipal services
in the nation's fourth largest city.
Local 77 of the A.F.L. city em
ployees' union voted 1,300 to 200
against calling the strike, which it
claimed would cripple all municipal
functions except schools, hospitals,
public utilities and the fire and po
lice departments. The union claims
to represent 15,000 employees.
DETROIT, Jan. 22 (UP).—A mass
meeting of Detroit city employees,
faced with forfeiture of their jobs
and assignment of 4,000 police to
guard duty, voted tonight to post
pone indefinitely a strike scheduled
for 4 a.m. tomorrow which would
have tied up most municipal services
in the nation's fourth largest city.
Local 77 of the A.F.L. city em
ployees' union voted 1,300 to 200
against calling the strike, which it
claimed would cripple all municipal
functions except schools, hospitals,
public utilities and the fire and po
lice departments. The union claims
to represent 15,000 employees.
DETROIT, Jan. 22 (UP).—A mass
meeting of Detroit city employees,
faced with forfeiture of their jobs
and assignment of 4,000 police to
guard duty, voted tonight to post
pone indefinitely a strike scheduled
for 4 a.m. tomorrow which would
have tied up most municipal services
in the nation's fourth largest city.
Local 77 of the A.F.L. city em
ployees' union voted 1,300 to 200
against calling the strike, which it
claimed would cripple all municipal
functions except schools, hospitals,
public utilities and the fire and po
lice departments. The union claims
to represent 15,000 employees.
DETROIT, Jan. 22 (UP).—A mass
meeting of Detroit city employees,
faced with forfeiture of their jobs
and assignment of 4,000 police to
guard duty, voted tonight to post
pone indefinitely a strike scheduled
for 4 a.m. tomorrow which would
have tied up most municipal services
in the nation's fourth largest city.
Local 77 of the A.F.L. city em
ployees' union voted 1,300 to 200
against calling the strike, which it
claimed would cripple all municipal
functions except schools, hospitals,
public utilities and the fire and po
lice departments. The union claims
to represent 15,000 employees.
DETROIT, Jan. 22 (UP).—A mass
meeting of Detroit city employees,
faced with forfeiture of their jobs
and assignment of 4,000 police to
guard duty, voted tonight to post
pone indefinitely a strike scheduled
for 4 a.m. tomorrow which would
have tied up most municipal services
in the nation's fourth largest city.
Local 77 of the A.F.L. city em
ployees' union voted 1,300 to 200
against calling the strike, which it
claimed would cripple all municipal
functions except schools, hospitals,
public utilities and the fire and po
lice departments. The union claims
to represent 15,000 employees.
DETROIT, Jan. 22 (UP).—A mass
meeting of Detroit city employees,
faced with forfeiture of their jobs
and assignment of 4,000 police to
guard duty, voted tonight to post
pone indefinitely a strike scheduled
for 4 a.m. tomorrow which would
have tied up most municipal services
in the nation's fourth largest city.
Local 77 of the A.F.L. city em
ployees' union voted 1,300 to 200
against calling the strike, which it
claimed would cripple all municipal
functions except schools, hospitals,
public utilities and the fire and po
lice departments. The union claims
to represent 15,000 employees.
DETROIT, Jan. 22 (UP).—A mass
meeting of Detroit city employees,
faced with forfeiture of their jobs
and assignment of 4,000 police to
guard duty, voted tonight to post
pone indefinitely a strike scheduled
for 4 a.m. tomorrow which would
have tied up most municipal services
in the nation's fourth largest city.
Local 77 of the A.F.L. city em
ployees' union voted 1,300 to 200
against calling the strike, which it
claimed would cripple all municipal
functions except schools, hospitals,
public utilities and the fire and po
lice departments. The union claims
to represent 15,000 employees.
DETROIT, Jan. 22 (UP).—A mass
meeting of Detroit city employees,
faced with forfeiture of their jobs
and assignment of 4,000 police to
guard duty, voted tonight to post
pone indefinitely a strike scheduled
for 4 a.m. tomorrow which would
have tied up most municipal services
in the nation's fourth largest city.
Local 77 of the A.F.L. city em
ployees' union voted 1,300 to 200
against calling the strike, which it
claimed would cripple all municipal
functions except schools, hospitals,
public utilities and the fire and po
lice departments. The union claims
to represent 15,000 employees.
DETROIT, Jan. 22 (UP).—A mass
meeting of Detroit city employees,
faced with forfeiture of their jobs
and assignment of 4,000 police to
guard duty, voted tonight to post
pone indefinitely a strike scheduled
for 4 a.m. tomorrow which would
have tied up most municipal services
in the nation's fourth largest city.
Local 77 of the A.F.L. city em
ployees' union voted 1,300 to 200
against calling the strike, which it
claimed would cripple all municipal
functions except schools, hospitals,
public utilities and the fire and po
lice departments. The union claims
to represent 15,000 employees.
DETROIT, Jan. 22 (UP).—A mass
meeting of Detroit city employees,
faced with forfeiture of their jobs
and assignment of 4,000 police to
guard duty, voted tonight to post
pone indefinitely a strike scheduled
for 4 a.m. tomorrow which would
have tied up most municipal services
in the nation's fourth largest city.
Local 77 of the A.F.L. city em
ployees' union voted 1,300 to 200
against calling the strike, which it
claimed would cripple all municipal
functions except schools, hospitals,
public utilities and the fire and po
lice departments. The union claims
to represent 15,000 employees.
DETROIT, Jan. 22 (UP).—A mass
meeting of Detroit city employees,
faced with forfeiture of their jobs
and assignment of 4,000 police to
guard duty, voted tonight to post
pone indefinitely a strike scheduled
for 4 a.m. tomorrow which would
have tied up most municipal services
in the nation's fourth largest city.
Local 77 of the A.F.L. city em
ployees' union voted 1,300 to 200
against calling the strike, which it
claimed would cripple all municipal
functions except schools, hospitals,
public utilities and the fire and po
lice departments. The union claims
to represent 15,000 employees.
DETROIT, Jan. 22 (UP).—A mass
meeting of Detroit city employees,
faced with forfeiture of their jobs
and assignment of 4,000 police to
guard duty, voted tonight to post
pone indefinitely a strike scheduled
for 4 a.m. tomorrow which would
have tied up most municipal services
in the nation's fourth largest city.
Local 77 of the A.F.L. city em
ployees' union voted 1,300 to 200
against calling the strike, which it
claimed would cripple all municipal
functions except schools, hospitals,
public utilities and the fire and po
lice departments. The union claims
to represent 15,000 employees.
DETROIT, Jan. 22 (UP).—A mass
meeting of Detroit city employees,
faced with forfeiture of their jobs
and assignment of 4,000 police to
guard duty, voted tonight to post
pone indefinitely a strike scheduled
for 4 a.m. tomorrow which would
have tied up most municipal services
in the nation's fourth largest city.
Local 77 of the A.F.L. city em
ployees' union voted 1,300 to 200
against calling the strike, which it
claimed would cripple all municipal
functions except schools, hospitals,
public utilities and the fire and po
lice departments. The union claims
to represent 15,000 employees.
DETROIT, Jan. 22 (UP).—A mass
meeting of Detroit city employees,
faced with forfeiture of their jobs
and assignment of 4,000 police to
guard duty, voted tonight to post
pone indefinitely a strike scheduled
for 4 a.m. tomorrow which would
have tied up most municipal services
in the nation's fourth largest city.
Local 77 of the A.F.L. city em
ployees' union voted 1,300 to 200
against calling the strike, which it
claimed would cripple all municipal
functions except schools, hospitals,
public utilities and the fire and po
lice departments. The union claims
to represent 15,000 employees.
DETROIT, Jan. 22 (UP).—A mass
meeting of Detroit city employees,
faced with forfeiture of their jobs
and assignment of 4,000 police to
guard duty, voted tonight to post
pone indefinitely a strike scheduled
for 4 a.m. tomorrow which would
have tied up most municipal services
in the nation's fourth largest city.
Local 77 of the A.F.L. city em
ployees' union voted 1,300 to 200
against calling the strike, which it
claimed would cripple all municipal
functions except schools, hospitals,
public utilities and the fire and po
lice departments. The union claims
to represent 15,000 employees.
DETROIT, Jan. 22 (UP).—A mass
meeting of Detroit city employees,
faced with forfeiture of their jobs
and assignment of 4,000 police to
guard duty, voted tonight to post
pone indefinitely a strike scheduled
for 4 a.m. tomorrow which would
have tied up most municipal services
in the nation's fourth largest city.
Local 77 of the A.F.L. city em
ployees' union voted 1,300 to 200
against calling the strike, which it
claimed would cripple all municipal
functions except schools, hospitals,
public utilities and the fire and po
lice departments. The union claims
to represent 15,000 employees.
DETROIT, Jan. 22 (UP).—A mass
meeting of Detroit city employees,
faced with forfeiture of their jobs
and assignment of 4,000 police to
guard duty, voted tonight to post
pone indefinitely a strike scheduled
for 4 a.m. tomorrow which would
have tied up most municipal services
in the nation's fourth largest city.
Local 77 of the A.F.L. city em
ployees' union voted 1,300 to 200
against calling the strike, which it
claimed would cripple all municipal
functions except schools, hospitals,
public utilities and the fire and po
lice departments. The union claims
to represent 15,000 employees.
