# Hall Will Speak On Engineering
## Standard Oil Chief To Talk Here Monday 
### 
Speaking on the subject, "Engi
neering and Production," H. H. Hall,
chief engineer of Standard Oil of
California, will appear at 7 p.m.
Monday night in the Eneina lobby in
the third of a series of six vocational
guidance talks sponsored by Men's
Vocom and the Dean's office.
Mr. Hall, who has spoken at Stan
ford twice before and who is a
Stanford graduate, will discuss not
only the opportunities, the depart
ments, and the future outlook for
engineering, but he will also advise
prospective engineers on the courses
they should take, the cultural back
ground they should acquire, and the
general preparations they should
make.
Concerning the coming talk, Dean
Sharp commented that "it will es
pecially benefit those students who
have changed their major to engi
neering, for Mr. Hall has an exten
sive knowledge of all the types of
this profession."
As has been the practice in pre
vious vocom programs, the speaker
will talk for half an hour and will
answer questions for the remainder
of the program. Mr. Hall will be
introduced by Walt Smith, head of
Men's Vocom.
The remainder of the series will
feature Robert Littler on law, Dean
Chandler on medicine, and Carl
Ohliger of McCann-Ericson, Inc., on
advertising.
Speaking on the subject, "Engi
neering and Production," H. H. Hall,
chief engineer of Standard Oil of
California, will appear at 7 p.m.
Monday night in the Eneina lobby in
the third of a series of six vocational
guidance talks sponsored by Men's
Vocom and the Dean's office.
Mr. Hall, who has spoken at Stan
ford twice before and who is a
Stanford graduate, will discuss not
only the opportunities, the depart
ments, and the future outlook for
engineering, but he will also advise
prospective engineers on the courses
they should take, the cultural back
ground they should acquire, and the
general preparations they should
make.
Concerning the coming talk, Dean
Sharp commented that "it will es
pecially benefit those students who
have changed their major to engi
neering, for Mr. Hall has an exten
sive knowledge of all the types of
this profession."
As has been the practice in pre
vious vocom programs, the speaker
will talk for half an hour and will
answer questions for the remainder
of the program. Mr. Hall will be
introduced by Walt Smith, head of
Men's Vocom.
The remainder of the series will
feature Robert Littler on law, Dean
Chandler on medicine, and Carl
Ohliger of McCann-Ericson, Inc., on
advertising.
Speaking on the subject, "Engi
neering and Production," H. H. Hall,
chief engineer of Standard Oil of
California, will appear at 7 p.m.
Monday night in the Eneina lobby in
the third of a series of six vocational
guidance talks sponsored by Men's
Vocom and the Dean's office.
Mr. Hall, who has spoken at Stan
ford twice before and who is a
Stanford graduate, will discuss not
only the opportunities, the depart
ments, and the future outlook for
engineering, but he will also advise
prospective engineers on the courses
they should take, the cultural back
ground they should acquire, and the
general preparations they should
make.
Concerning the coming talk, Dean
Sharp commented that "it will es
pecially benefit those students who
have changed their major to engi
neering, for Mr. Hall has an exten
sive knowledge of all the types of
this profession."
As has been the practice in pre
vious vocom programs, the speaker
will talk for half an hour and will
answer questions for the remainder
of the program. Mr. Hall will be
introduced by Walt Smith, head of
Men's Vocom.
The remainder of the series will
feature Robert Littler on law, Dean
Chandler on medicine, and Carl
Ohliger of McCann-Ericson, Inc., on
advertising.
Speaking on the subject, "Engi
neering and Production," H. H. Hall,
chief engineer of Standard Oil of
California, will appear at 7 p.m.
Monday night in the Eneina lobby in
the third of a series of six vocational
guidance talks sponsored by Men's
Vocom and the Dean's office.
Mr. Hall, who has spoken at Stan
ford twice before and who is a
Stanford graduate, will discuss not
only the opportunities, the depart
ments, and the future outlook for
engineering, but he will also advise
prospective engineers on the courses
they should take, the cultural back
ground they should acquire, and the
general preparations they should
make.
Concerning the coming talk, Dean
Sharp commented that "it will es
pecially benefit those students who
have changed their major to engi
neering, for Mr. Hall has an exten
sive knowledge of all the types of
this profession."
As has been the practice in pre
vious vocom programs, the speaker
will talk for half an hour and will
answer questions for the remainder
of the program. Mr. Hall will be
introduced by Walt Smith, head of
Men's Vocom.
The remainder of the series will
feature Robert Littler on law, Dean
Chandler on medicine, and Carl
Ohliger of McCann-Ericson, Inc., on
advertising.
Speaking on the subject, "Engi
neering and Production," H. H. Hall,
chief engineer of Standard Oil of
California, will appear at 7 p.m.
Monday night in the Eneina lobby in
the third of a series of six vocational
guidance talks sponsored by Men's
Vocom and the Dean's office.
Mr. Hall, who has spoken at Stan
ford twice before and who is a
Stanford graduate, will discuss not
only the opportunities, the depart
ments, and the future outlook for
engineering, but he will also advise
prospective engineers on the courses
they should take, the cultural back
ground they should acquire, and the
general preparations they should
make.
Concerning the coming talk, Dean
Sharp commented that "it will es
pecially benefit those students who
have changed their major to engi
neering, for Mr. Hall has an exten
sive knowledge of all the types of
this profession."
As has been the practice in pre
vious vocom programs, the speaker
will talk for half an hour and will
answer questions for the remainder
of the program. Mr. Hall will be
introduced by Walt Smith, head of
Men's Vocom.
The remainder of the series will
feature Robert Littler on law, Dean
Chandler on medicine, and Carl
Ohliger of McCann-Ericson, Inc., on
advertising.
Speaking on the subject, "Engi
neering and Production," H. H. Hall,
chief engineer of Standard Oil of
California, will appear at 7 p.m.
Monday night in the Eneina lobby in
the third of a series of six vocational
guidance talks sponsored by Men's
Vocom and the Dean's office.
Mr. Hall, who has spoken at Stan
ford twice before and who is a
Stanford graduate, will discuss not
only the opportunities, the depart
ments, and the future outlook for
engineering, but he will also advise
prospective engineers on the courses
they should take, the cultural back
ground they should acquire, and the
general preparations they should
make.
Concerning the coming talk, Dean
Sharp commented that "it will es
pecially benefit those students who
have changed their major to engi
neering, for Mr. Hall has an exten
sive knowledge of all the types of
this profession."
As has been the practice in pre
vious vocom programs, the speaker
will talk for half an hour and will
answer questions for the remainder
of the program. Mr. Hall will be
introduced by Walt Smith, head of
Men's Vocom.
The remainder of the series will
feature Robert Littler on law, Dean
Chandler on medicine, and Carl
Ohliger of McCann-Ericson, Inc., on
advertising.
Speaking on the subject, "Engi
neering and Production," H. H. Hall,
chief engineer of Standard Oil of
California, will appear at 7 p.m.
Monday night in the Eneina lobby in
the third of a series of six vocational
guidance talks sponsored by Men's
Vocom and the Dean's office.
Mr. Hall, who has spoken at Stan
ford twice before and who is a
Stanford graduate, will discuss not
only the opportunities, the depart
ments, and the future outlook for
engineering, but he will also advise
prospective engineers on the courses
they should take, the cultural back
ground they should acquire, and the
general preparations they should
make.
Concerning the coming talk, Dean
Sharp commented that "it will es
pecially benefit those students who
have changed their major to engi
neering, for Mr. Hall has an exten
sive knowledge of all the types of
this profession."
As has been the practice in pre
vious vocom programs, the speaker
will talk for half an hour and will
answer questions for the remainder
of the program. Mr. Hall will be
introduced by Walt Smith, head of
Men's Vocom.
The remainder of the series will
feature Robert Littler on law, Dean
Chandler on medicine, and Carl
Ohliger of McCann-Ericson, Inc., on
advertising.
Speaking on the subject, "Engi
neering and Production," H. H. Hall,
chief engineer of Standard Oil of
California, will appear at 7 p.m.
Monday night in the Eneina lobby in
the third of a series of six vocational
guidance talks sponsored by Men's
Vocom and the Dean's office.
Mr. Hall, who has spoken at Stan
ford twice before and who is a
Stanford graduate, will discuss not
only the opportunities, the depart
ments, and the future outlook for
engineering, but he will also advise
prospective engineers on the courses
they should take, the cultural back
ground they should acquire, and the
general preparations they should
make.
Concerning the coming talk, Dean
Sharp commented that "it will es
pecially benefit those students who
have changed their major to engi
neering, for Mr. Hall has an exten
sive knowledge of all the types of
this profession."
As has been the practice in pre
vious vocom programs, the speaker
will talk for half an hour and will
answer questions for the remainder
of the program. Mr. Hall will be
introduced by Walt Smith, head of
Men's Vocom.
The remainder of the series will
feature Robert Littler on law, Dean
Chandler on medicine, and Carl
Ohliger of McCann-Ericson, Inc., on
advertising.
Speaking on the subject, "Engi
neering and Production," H. H. Hall,
chief engineer of Standard Oil of
California, will appear at 7 p.m.
Monday night in the Eneina lobby in
the third of a series of six vocational
guidance talks sponsored by Men's
Vocom and the Dean's office.
Mr. Hall, who has spoken at Stan
ford twice before and who is a
Stanford graduate, will discuss not
only the opportunities, the depart
ments, and the future outlook for
engineering, but he will also advise
prospective engineers on the courses
they should take, the cultural back
ground they should acquire, and the
general preparations they should
make.
Concerning the coming talk, Dean
Sharp commented that "it will es
pecially benefit those students who
have changed their major to engi
neering, for Mr. Hall has an exten
sive knowledge of all the types of
this profession."
As has been the practice in pre
vious vocom programs, the speaker
will talk for half an hour and will
answer questions for the remainder
of the program. Mr. Hall will be
introduced by Walt Smith, head of
Men's Vocom.
The remainder of the series will
feature Robert Littler on law, Dean
Chandler on medicine, and Carl
Ohliger of McCann-Ericson, Inc., on
advertising.
Speaking on the subject, "Engi
neering and Production," H. H. Hall,
chief engineer of Standard Oil of
California, will appear at 7 p.m.
Monday night in the Eneina lobby in
the third of a series of six vocational
guidance talks sponsored by Men's
Vocom and the Dean's office.
Mr. Hall, who has spoken at Stan
ford twice before and who is a
Stanford graduate, will discuss not
only the opportunities, the depart
ments, and the future outlook for
engineering, but he will also advise
prospective engineers on the courses
they should take, the cultural back
ground they should acquire, and the
general preparations they should
make.
Concerning the coming talk, Dean
Sharp commented that "it will es
pecially benefit those students who
have changed their major to engi
neering, for Mr. Hall has an exten
sive knowledge of all the types of
this profession."
As has been the practice in pre
vious vocom programs, the speaker
will talk for half an hour and will
answer questions for the remainder
of the program. Mr. Hall will be
introduced by Walt Smith, head of
Men's Vocom.
The remainder of the series will
feature Robert Littler on law, Dean
Chandler on medicine, and Carl
Ohliger of McCann-Ericson, Inc., on
advertising.
Speaking on the subject, "Engi
neering and Production," H. H. Hall,
chief engineer of Standard Oil of
California, will appear at 7 p.m.
Monday night in the Eneina lobby in
the third of a series of six vocational
guidance talks sponsored by Men's
Vocom and the Dean's office.
Mr. Hall, who has spoken at Stan
ford twice before and who is a
Stanford graduate, will discuss not
only the opportunities, the depart
ments, and the future outlook for
engineering, but he will also advise
prospective engineers on the courses
they should take, the cultural back
ground they should acquire, and the
general preparations they should
make.
Concerning the coming talk, Dean
Sharp commented that "it will es
pecially benefit those students who
have changed their major to engi
neering, for Mr. Hall has an exten
sive knowledge of all the types of
this profession."
As has been the practice in pre
vious vocom programs, the speaker
will talk for half an hour and will
answer questions for the remainder
of the program. Mr. Hall will be
introduced by Walt Smith, head of
Men's Vocom.
The remainder of the series will
feature Robert Littler on law, Dean
Chandler on medicine, and Carl
Ohliger of McCann-Ericson, Inc., on
advertising.
Speaking on the subject, "Engi
neering and Production," H. H. Hall,
chief engineer of Standard Oil of
California, will appear at 7 p.m.
Monday night in the Eneina lobby in
the third of a series of six vocational
guidance talks sponsored by Men's
Vocom and the Dean's office.
Mr. Hall, who has spoken at Stan
ford twice before and who is a
Stanford graduate, will discuss not
only the opportunities, the depart
ments, and the future outlook for
engineering, but he will also advise
prospective engineers on the courses
they should take, the cultural back
ground they should acquire, and the
general preparations they should
make.
Concerning the coming talk, Dean
Sharp commented that "it will es
pecially benefit those students who
have changed their major to engi
neering, for Mr. Hall has an exten
sive knowledge of all the types of
this profession."
As has been the practice in pre
vious vocom programs, the speaker
will talk for half an hour and will
answer questions for the remainder
of the program. Mr. Hall will be
introduced by Walt Smith, head of
Men's Vocom.
The remainder of the series will
feature Robert Littler on law, Dean
Chandler on medicine, and Carl
Ohliger of McCann-Ericson, Inc., on
advertising.
Speaking on the subject, "Engi
neering and Production," H. H. Hall,
chief engineer of Standard Oil of
California, will appear at 7 p.m.
Monday night in the Eneina lobby in
the third of a series of six vocational
guidance talks sponsored by Men's
Vocom and the Dean's office.
Mr. Hall, who has spoken at Stan
ford twice before and who is a
Stanford graduate, will discuss not
only the opportunities, the depart
ments, and the future outlook for
engineering, but he will also advise
prospective engineers on the courses
they should take, the cultural back
ground they should acquire, and the
general preparations they should
make.
Concerning the coming talk, Dean
Sharp commented that "it will es
pecially benefit those students who
have changed their major to engi
neering, for Mr. Hall has an exten
sive knowledge of all the types of
this profession."
As has been the practice in pre
vious vocom programs, the speaker
will talk for half an hour and will
answer questions for the remainder
of the program. Mr. Hall will be
introduced by Walt Smith, head of
Men's Vocom.
The remainder of the series will
feature Robert Littler on law, Dean
Chandler on medicine, and Carl
Ohliger of McCann-Ericson, Inc., on
advertising.
Speaking on the subject, "Engi
neering and Production," H. H. Hall,
chief engineer of Standard Oil of
California, will appear at 7 p.m.
Monday night in the Eneina lobby in
the third of a series of six vocational
guidance talks sponsored by Men's
Vocom and the Dean's office.
Mr. Hall, who has spoken at Stan
ford twice before and who is a
Stanford graduate, will discuss not
only the opportunities, the depart
ments, and the future outlook for
engineering, but he will also advise
prospective engineers on the courses
they should take, the cultural back
ground they should acquire, and the
general preparations they should
make.
Concerning the coming talk, Dean
Sharp commented that "it will es
pecially benefit those students who
have changed their major to engi
neering, for Mr. Hall has an exten
sive knowledge of all the types of
this profession."
As has been the practice in pre
vious vocom programs, the speaker
will talk for half an hour and will
answer questions for the remainder
of the program. Mr. Hall will be
introduced by Walt Smith, head of
Men's Vocom.
The remainder of the series will
feature Robert Littler on law, Dean
Chandler on medicine, and Carl
Ohliger of McCann-Ericson, Inc., on
advertising.
Speaking on the subject, "Engi
neering and Production," H. H. Hall,
chief engineer of Standard Oil of
California, will appear at 7 p.m.
Monday night in the Eneina lobby in
the third of a series of six vocational
guidance talks sponsored by Men's
Vocom and the Dean's office.
Mr. Hall, who has spoken at Stan
ford twice before and who is a
Stanford graduate, will discuss not
only the opportunities, the depart
ments, and the future outlook for
engineering, but he will also advise
prospective engineers on the courses
they should take, the cultural back
ground they should acquire, and the
general preparations they should
make.
Concerning the coming talk, Dean
Sharp commented that "it will es
pecially benefit those students who
have changed their major to engi
neering, for Mr. Hall has an exten
sive knowledge of all the types of
this profession."
As has been the practice in pre
vious vocom programs, the speaker
will talk for half an hour and will
answer questions for the remainder
of the program. Mr. Hall will be
introduced by Walt Smith, head of
Men's Vocom.
The remainder of the series will
feature Robert Littler on law, Dean
Chandler on medicine, and Carl
Ohliger of McCann-Ericson, Inc., on
advertising.
Speaking on the subject, "Engi
neering and Production," H. H. Hall,
chief engineer of Standard Oil of
California, will appear at 7 p.m.
Monday night in the Eneina lobby in
the third of a series of six vocational
guidance talks sponsored by Men's
Vocom and the Dean's office.
Mr. Hall, who has spoken at Stan
ford twice before and who is a
Stanford graduate, will discuss not
only the opportunities, the depart
ments, and the future outlook for
engineering, but he will also advise
prospective engineers on the courses
they should take, the cultural back
ground they should acquire, and the
general preparations they should
make.
Concerning the coming talk, Dean
Sharp commented that "it will es
pecially benefit those students who
have changed their major to engi
neering, for Mr. Hall has an exten
sive knowledge of all the types of
this profession."
As has been the practice in pre
vious vocom programs, the speaker
will talk for half an hour and will
answer questions for the remainder
of the program. Mr. Hall will be
introduced by Walt Smith, head of
Men's Vocom.
The remainder of the series will
feature Robert Littler on law, Dean
Chandler on medicine, and Carl
Ohliger of McCann-Ericson, Inc., on
advertising.
Speaking on the subject, "Engi
neering and Production," H. H. Hall,
chief engineer of Standard Oil of
California, will appear at 7 p.m.
Monday night in the Eneina lobby in
the third of a series of six vocational
guidance talks sponsored by Men's
Vocom and the Dean's office.
Mr. Hall, who has spoken at Stan
ford twice before and who is a
Stanford graduate, will discuss not
only the opportunities, the depart
ments, and the future outlook for
engineering, but he will also advise
prospective engineers on the courses
they should take, the cultural back
ground they should acquire, and the
general preparations they should
make.
Concerning the coming talk, Dean
Sharp commented that "it will es
pecially benefit those students who
have changed their major to engi
neering, for Mr. Hall has an exten
sive knowledge of all the types of
this profession."
As has been the practice in pre
vious vocom programs, the speaker
will talk for half an hour and will
answer questions for the remainder
of the program. Mr. Hall will be
introduced by Walt Smith, head of
Men's Vocom.
The remainder of the series will
feature Robert Littler on law, Dean
Chandler on medicine, and Carl
Ohliger of McCann-Ericson, Inc., on
advertising.
Speaking on the subject, "Engi
neering and Production," H. H. Hall,
chief engineer of Standard Oil of
California, will appear at 7 p.m.
Monday night in the Eneina lobby in
the third of a series of six vocational
guidance talks sponsored by Men's
Vocom and the Dean's office.
Mr. Hall, who has spoken at Stan
ford twice before and who is a
Stanford graduate, will discuss not
only the opportunities, the depart
ments, and the future outlook for
engineering, but he will also advise
prospective engineers on the courses
they should take, the cultural back
ground they should acquire, and the
general preparations they should
make.
Concerning the coming talk, Dean
Sharp commented that "it will es
pecially benefit those students who
have changed their major to engi
neering, for Mr. Hall has an exten
sive knowledge of all the types of
this profession."
As has been the practice in pre
vious vocom programs, the speaker
will talk for half an hour and will
answer questions for the remainder
of the program. Mr. Hall will be
introduced by Walt Smith, head of
Men's Vocom.
The remainder of the series will
feature Robert Littler on law, Dean
Chandler on medicine, and Carl
Ohliger of McCann-Ericson, Inc., on
advertising.
