# ANTI-TAX PETITION
## 
### 
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 22 (UP).—Ar
guments in the court attempt to have
anti-cigarette tax referendum peti
tions declared valid will be heard
by the supreme court tomorrow.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 22 (UP).—Ar
guments in the court attempt to have
anti-cigarette tax referendum peti
tions declared valid will be heard
by the supreme court tomorrow.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 22 (UP).—Ar
guments in the court attempt to have
anti-cigarette tax referendum peti
tions declared valid will be heard
by the supreme court tomorrow.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 22 (UP).—Ar
guments in the court attempt to have
anti-cigarette tax referendum peti
tions declared valid will be heard
by the supreme court tomorrow.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 22 (UP).—Ar
guments in the court attempt to have
anti-cigarette tax referendum peti
tions declared valid will be heard
by the supreme court tomorrow.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 22 (UP).—Ar
guments in the court attempt to have
anti-cigarette tax referendum peti
tions declared valid will be heard
by the supreme court tomorrow.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 22 (UP).—Ar
guments in the court attempt to have
anti-cigarette tax referendum peti
tions declared valid will be heard
by the supreme court tomorrow.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 22 (UP).—Ar
guments in the court attempt to have
anti-cigarette tax referendum peti
tions declared valid will be heard
by the supreme court tomorrow.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 22 (UP).—Ar
guments in the court attempt to have
anti-cigarette tax referendum peti
tions declared valid will be heard
by the supreme court tomorrow.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 22 (UP).—Ar
guments in the court attempt to have
anti-cigarette tax referendum peti
tions declared valid will be heard
by the supreme court tomorrow.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 22 (UP).—Ar
guments in the court attempt to have
anti-cigarette tax referendum peti
tions declared valid will be heard
by the supreme court tomorrow.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 22 (UP).—Ar
guments in the court attempt to have
anti-cigarette tax referendum peti
tions declared valid will be heard
by the supreme court tomorrow.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 22 (UP).—Ar
guments in the court attempt to have
anti-cigarette tax referendum peti
tions declared valid will be heard
by the supreme court tomorrow.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 22 (UP).—Ar
guments in the court attempt to have
anti-cigarette tax referendum peti
tions declared valid will be heard
by the supreme court tomorrow.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 22 (UP).—Ar
guments in the court attempt to have
anti-cigarette tax referendum peti
tions declared valid will be heard
by the supreme court tomorrow.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 22 (UP).—Ar
guments in the court attempt to have
anti-cigarette tax referendum peti
tions declared valid will be heard
by the supreme court tomorrow.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 22 (UP).—Ar
guments in the court attempt to have
anti-cigarette tax referendum peti
tions declared valid will be heard
by the supreme court tomorrow.
SALEM, Ore., Jan. 22 (UP).—Ar
guments in the court attempt to have
anti-cigarette tax referendum peti
tions declared valid will be heard
by the supreme court tomorrow.
