# HURRICANES KNOCK OUT FIVE NIPPON BOMBERS
## 
### 
SINGAPORE, Jan. 22 (UP). —
Strong British counter-assaults on
all the main land and air fronts in
Malaya eased the Japanese aerial
siege of Singapore today, shattered
an invasion spearhead groping down
the east coast, and slowed or stop
ped the enemy drive in northwest
Johore.
Newly arrived Hurricane fighter
planes knocked five Japanese bomb
ers out of the sky over Singapore
where 287 were killed and 529 were
wounded in the war's biggest raid
yesterday and helped turn back a
second fleet of about 30 raiders be
fore they could do any damage.
SINGAPORE, Jan. 22 (UP). —
Strong British counter-assaults on
all the main land and air fronts in
Malaya eased the Japanese aerial
siege of Singapore today, shattered
an invasion spearhead groping down
the east coast, and slowed or stop
ped the enemy drive in northwest
Johore.
Newly arrived Hurricane fighter
planes knocked five Japanese bomb
ers out of the sky over Singapore
where 287 were killed and 529 were
wounded in the war's biggest raid
yesterday and helped turn back a
second fleet of about 30 raiders be
fore they could do any damage.
SINGAPORE, Jan. 22 (UP). —
Strong British counter-assaults on
all the main land and air fronts in
Malaya eased the Japanese aerial
siege of Singapore today, shattered
an invasion spearhead groping down
the east coast, and slowed or stop
ped the enemy drive in northwest
Johore.
Newly arrived Hurricane fighter
planes knocked five Japanese bomb
ers out of the sky over Singapore
where 287 were killed and 529 were
wounded in the war's biggest raid
yesterday and helped turn back a
second fleet of about 30 raiders be
fore they could do any damage.
SINGAPORE, Jan. 22 (UP). —
Strong British counter-assaults on
all the main land and air fronts in
Malaya eased the Japanese aerial
siege of Singapore today, shattered
an invasion spearhead groping down
the east coast, and slowed or stop
ped the enemy drive in northwest
Johore.
Newly arrived Hurricane fighter
planes knocked five Japanese bomb
ers out of the sky over Singapore
where 287 were killed and 529 were
wounded in the war's biggest raid
yesterday and helped turn back a
second fleet of about 30 raiders be
fore they could do any damage.
SINGAPORE, Jan. 22 (UP). —
Strong British counter-assaults on
all the main land and air fronts in
Malaya eased the Japanese aerial
siege of Singapore today, shattered
an invasion spearhead groping down
the east coast, and slowed or stop
ped the enemy drive in northwest
Johore.
Newly arrived Hurricane fighter
planes knocked five Japanese bomb
ers out of the sky over Singapore
where 287 were killed and 529 were
wounded in the war's biggest raid
yesterday and helped turn back a
second fleet of about 30 raiders be
fore they could do any damage.
SINGAPORE, Jan. 22 (UP). —
Strong British counter-assaults on
all the main land and air fronts in
Malaya eased the Japanese aerial
siege of Singapore today, shattered
an invasion spearhead groping down
the east coast, and slowed or stop
ped the enemy drive in northwest
Johore.
Newly arrived Hurricane fighter
planes knocked five Japanese bomb
ers out of the sky over Singapore
where 287 were killed and 529 were
wounded in the war's biggest raid
yesterday and helped turn back a
second fleet of about 30 raiders be
fore they could do any damage.
SINGAPORE, Jan. 22 (UP). —
Strong British counter-assaults on
all the main land and air fronts in
Malaya eased the Japanese aerial
siege of Singapore today, shattered
an invasion spearhead groping down
the east coast, and slowed or stop
ped the enemy drive in northwest
Johore.
Newly arrived Hurricane fighter
planes knocked five Japanese bomb
ers out of the sky over Singapore
where 287 were killed and 529 were
wounded in the war's biggest raid
yesterday and helped turn back a
second fleet of about 30 raiders be
fore they could do any damage.
SINGAPORE, Jan. 22 (UP). —
Strong British counter-assaults on
all the main land and air fronts in
Malaya eased the Japanese aerial
siege of Singapore today, shattered
an invasion spearhead groping down
the east coast, and slowed or stop
ped the enemy drive in northwest
Johore.
Newly arrived Hurricane fighter
planes knocked five Japanese bomb
ers out of the sky over Singapore
where 287 were killed and 529 were
wounded in the war's biggest raid
yesterday and helped turn back a
second fleet of about 30 raiders be
fore they could do any damage.
SINGAPORE, Jan. 22 (UP). —
Strong British counter-assaults on
all the main land and air fronts in
Malaya eased the Japanese aerial
siege of Singapore today, shattered
an invasion spearhead groping down
the east coast, and slowed or stop
ped the enemy drive in northwest
Johore.
Newly arrived Hurricane fighter
planes knocked five Japanese bomb
ers out of the sky over Singapore
where 287 were killed and 529 were
wounded in the war's biggest raid
yesterday and helped turn back a
second fleet of about 30 raiders be
fore they could do any damage.
SINGAPORE, Jan. 22 (UP). —
Strong British counter-assaults on
all the main land and air fronts in
Malaya eased the Japanese aerial
siege of Singapore today, shattered
an invasion spearhead groping down
the east coast, and slowed or stop
ped the enemy drive in northwest
Johore.
Newly arrived Hurricane fighter
planes knocked five Japanese bomb
ers out of the sky over Singapore
where 287 were killed and 529 were
wounded in the war's biggest raid
yesterday and helped turn back a
second fleet of about 30 raiders be
fore they could do any damage.
SINGAPORE, Jan. 22 (UP). —
Strong British counter-assaults on
all the main land and air fronts in
Malaya eased the Japanese aerial
siege of Singapore today, shattered
an invasion spearhead groping down
the east coast, and slowed or stop
ped the enemy drive in northwest
Johore.
Newly arrived Hurricane fighter
planes knocked five Japanese bomb
ers out of the sky over Singapore
where 287 were killed and 529 were
wounded in the war's biggest raid
yesterday and helped turn back a
second fleet of about 30 raiders be
fore they could do any damage.
SINGAPORE, Jan. 22 (UP). —
Strong British counter-assaults on
all the main land and air fronts in
Malaya eased the Japanese aerial
siege of Singapore today, shattered
an invasion spearhead groping down
the east coast, and slowed or stop
ped the enemy drive in northwest
Johore.
Newly arrived Hurricane fighter
planes knocked five Japanese bomb
ers out of the sky over Singapore
where 287 were killed and 529 were
wounded in the war's biggest raid
yesterday and helped turn back a
second fleet of about 30 raiders be
fore they could do any damage.
SINGAPORE, Jan. 22 (UP). —
Strong British counter-assaults on
all the main land and air fronts in
Malaya eased the Japanese aerial
siege of Singapore today, shattered
an invasion spearhead groping down
the east coast, and slowed or stop
ped the enemy drive in northwest
Johore.
Newly arrived Hurricane fighter
planes knocked five Japanese bomb
ers out of the sky over Singapore
where 287 were killed and 529 were
wounded in the war's biggest raid
yesterday and helped turn back a
second fleet of about 30 raiders be
fore they could do any damage.
SINGAPORE, Jan. 22 (UP). —
Strong British counter-assaults on
all the main land and air fronts in
Malaya eased the Japanese aerial
siege of Singapore today, shattered
an invasion spearhead groping down
the east coast, and slowed or stop
ped the enemy drive in northwest
Johore.
Newly arrived Hurricane fighter
planes knocked five Japanese bomb
ers out of the sky over Singapore
where 287 were killed and 529 were
wounded in the war's biggest raid
yesterday and helped turn back a
second fleet of about 30 raiders be
fore they could do any damage.
SINGAPORE, Jan. 22 (UP). —
Strong British counter-assaults on
all the main land and air fronts in
Malaya eased the Japanese aerial
siege of Singapore today, shattered
an invasion spearhead groping down
the east coast, and slowed or stop
ped the enemy drive in northwest
Johore.
Newly arrived Hurricane fighter
planes knocked five Japanese bomb
ers out of the sky over Singapore
where 287 were killed and 529 were
wounded in the war's biggest raid
yesterday and helped turn back a
second fleet of about 30 raiders be
fore they could do any damage.
SINGAPORE, Jan. 22 (UP). —
Strong British counter-assaults on
all the main land and air fronts in
Malaya eased the Japanese aerial
siege of Singapore today, shattered
an invasion spearhead groping down
the east coast, and slowed or stop
ped the enemy drive in northwest
Johore.
Newly arrived Hurricane fighter
planes knocked five Japanese bomb
ers out of the sky over Singapore
where 287 were killed and 529 were
wounded in the war's biggest raid
yesterday and helped turn back a
second fleet of about 30 raiders be
fore they could do any damage.
SINGAPORE, Jan. 22 (UP). —
Strong British counter-assaults on
all the main land and air fronts in
Malaya eased the Japanese aerial
siege of Singapore today, shattered
an invasion spearhead groping down
the east coast, and slowed or stop
ped the enemy drive in northwest
Johore.
Newly arrived Hurricane fighter
planes knocked five Japanese bomb
ers out of the sky over Singapore
where 287 were killed and 529 were
wounded in the war's biggest raid
yesterday and helped turn back a
second fleet of about 30 raiders be
fore they could do any damage.
SINGAPORE, Jan. 22 (UP). —
Strong British counter-assaults on
all the main land and air fronts in
Malaya eased the Japanese aerial
siege of Singapore today, shattered
an invasion spearhead groping down
the east coast, and slowed or stop
ped the enemy drive in northwest
Johore.
Newly arrived Hurricane fighter
planes knocked five Japanese bomb
ers out of the sky over Singapore
where 287 were killed and 529 were
wounded in the war's biggest raid
yesterday and helped turn back a
second fleet of about 30 raiders be
fore they could do any damage.
