# Rugby Movies Shown in Gymnasium Monday
## 
### 
Referees of rugby and those inter
red in the finer points of the game
have been invited to attend an il
lustrated lecture in the gymnasium
next Monday night at 7:30, at which
time the new "Baloptican" projecting
machine will be used for the first
time.
The meeting of followers of the
sport of rugby will be in the nature
of a general discussion of the de
tails of the game in order that au
thoritative opinions on such finer
points may become more generally
known. "Ric" Templeton lias col
lected a number of photos of actual
games which will be projected on the
screen in the course of the discus
sions.
Referees of rugby and those inter
red in the finer points of the game
have been invited to attend an il
lustrated lecture in the gymnasium
next Monday night at 7:30, at which
time the new "Baloptican" projecting
machine will be used for the first
time.
The meeting of followers of the
sport of rugby will be in the nature
of a general discussion of the de
tails of the game in order that au
thoritative opinions on such finer
points may become more generally
known. "Ric" Templeton lias col
lected a number of photos of actual
games which will be projected on the
screen in the course of the discus
sions.
Referees of rugby and those inter
red in the finer points of the game
have been invited to attend an il
lustrated lecture in the gymnasium
next Monday night at 7:30, at which
time the new "Baloptican" projecting
machine will be used for the first
time.
The meeting of followers of the
sport of rugby will be in the nature
of a general discussion of the de
tails of the game in order that au
thoritative opinions on such finer
points may become more generally
known. "Ric" Templeton lias col
lected a number of photos of actual
games which will be projected on the
screen in the course of the discus
sions.
Referees of rugby and those inter
red in the finer points of the game
have been invited to attend an il
lustrated lecture in the gymnasium
next Monday night at 7:30, at which
time the new "Baloptican" projecting
machine will be used for the first
time.
The meeting of followers of the
sport of rugby will be in the nature
of a general discussion of the de
tails of the game in order that au
thoritative opinions on such finer
points may become more generally
known. "Ric" Templeton lias col
lected a number of photos of actual
games which will be projected on the
screen in the course of the discus
sions.
Referees of rugby and those inter
red in the finer points of the game
have been invited to attend an il
lustrated lecture in the gymnasium
next Monday night at 7:30, at which
time the new "Baloptican" projecting
machine will be used for the first
time.
The meeting of followers of the
sport of rugby will be in the nature
of a general discussion of the de
tails of the game in order that au
thoritative opinions on such finer
points may become more generally
known. "Ric" Templeton lias col
lected a number of photos of actual
games which will be projected on the
screen in the course of the discus
sions.
Referees of rugby and those inter
red in the finer points of the game
have been invited to attend an il
lustrated lecture in the gymnasium
next Monday night at 7:30, at which
time the new "Baloptican" projecting
machine will be used for the first
time.
The meeting of followers of the
sport of rugby will be in the nature
of a general discussion of the de
tails of the game in order that au
thoritative opinions on such finer
points may become more generally
known. "Ric" Templeton lias col
lected a number of photos of actual
games which will be projected on the
screen in the course of the discus
sions.
Referees of rugby and those inter
red in the finer points of the game
have been invited to attend an il
lustrated lecture in the gymnasium
next Monday night at 7:30, at which
time the new "Baloptican" projecting
machine will be used for the first
time.
The meeting of followers of the
sport of rugby will be in the nature
of a general discussion of the de
tails of the game in order that au
thoritative opinions on such finer
points may become more generally
known. "Ric" Templeton lias col
lected a number of photos of actual
games which will be projected on the
screen in the course of the discus
sions.
Referees of rugby and those inter
red in the finer points of the game
have been invited to attend an il
lustrated lecture in the gymnasium
next Monday night at 7:30, at which
time the new "Baloptican" projecting
machine will be used for the first
time.
The meeting of followers of the
sport of rugby will be in the nature
of a general discussion of the de
tails of the game in order that au
thoritative opinions on such finer
points may become more generally
known. "Ric" Templeton lias col
lected a number of photos of actual
games which will be projected on the
screen in the course of the discus
sions.
Referees of rugby and those inter
red in the finer points of the game
have been invited to attend an il
lustrated lecture in the gymnasium
next Monday night at 7:30, at which
time the new "Baloptican" projecting
machine will be used for the first
time.
The meeting of followers of the
sport of rugby will be in the nature
of a general discussion of the de
tails of the game in order that au
thoritative opinions on such finer
points may become more generally
known. "Ric" Templeton lias col
lected a number of photos of actual
games which will be projected on the
screen in the course of the discus
sions.
Referees of rugby and those inter
red in the finer points of the game
have been invited to attend an il
lustrated lecture in the gymnasium
next Monday night at 7:30, at which
time the new "Baloptican" projecting
machine will be used for the first
time.
The meeting of followers of the
sport of rugby will be in the nature
of a general discussion of the de
tails of the game in order that au
thoritative opinions on such finer
points may become more generally
known. "Ric" Templeton lias col
lected a number of photos of actual
games which will be projected on the
screen in the course of the discus
sions.
Referees of rugby and those inter
red in the finer points of the game
have been invited to attend an il
lustrated lecture in the gymnasium
next Monday night at 7:30, at which
time the new "Baloptican" projecting
machine will be used for the first
time.
The meeting of followers of the
sport of rugby will be in the nature
of a general discussion of the de
tails of the game in order that au
thoritative opinions on such finer
points may become more generally
known. "Ric" Templeton lias col
lected a number of photos of actual
games which will be projected on the
screen in the course of the discus
sions.
Referees of rugby and those inter
red in the finer points of the game
have been invited to attend an il
lustrated lecture in the gymnasium
next Monday night at 7:30, at which
time the new "Baloptican" projecting
machine will be used for the first
time.
The meeting of followers of the
sport of rugby will be in the nature
of a general discussion of the de
tails of the game in order that au
thoritative opinions on such finer
points may become more generally
known. "Ric" Templeton lias col
lected a number of photos of actual
games which will be projected on the
screen in the course of the discus
sions.
Referees of rugby and those inter
red in the finer points of the game
have been invited to attend an il
lustrated lecture in the gymnasium
next Monday night at 7:30, at which
time the new "Baloptican" projecting
machine will be used for the first
time.
The meeting of followers of the
sport of rugby will be in the nature
of a general discussion of the de
tails of the game in order that au
thoritative opinions on such finer
points may become more generally
known. "Ric" Templeton lias col
lected a number of photos of actual
games which will be projected on the
screen in the course of the discus
sions.
Referees of rugby and those inter
red in the finer points of the game
have been invited to attend an il
lustrated lecture in the gymnasium
next Monday night at 7:30, at which
time the new "Baloptican" projecting
machine will be used for the first
time.
The meeting of followers of the
sport of rugby will be in the nature
of a general discussion of the de
tails of the game in order that au
thoritative opinions on such finer
points may become more generally
known. "Ric" Templeton lias col
lected a number of photos of actual
games which will be projected on the
screen in the course of the discus
sions.
