# Stanford Verse Volume Getting Ready for Press
## 
### 
A collection of the best verse by
writers who have attended Stanford
during the last four years, is being
printed under the auspices of the Eng
lish department and Dr. W. I-I. Car
ruth, head of the English Club. This
will be the first book of Stanford
verse to be published and will con
tain works, both serious and humor
ous, written by authors who have at
tended Stanford between 1912 and
1916.
The committee in charge of publi
cation consists of, James Leo Duff.
'14, Dare Stark, '17, Geroid Robinson,
'17, Dorothy Gunnell Jenkins, '15, and
F. W. Farris, '16.
December Ist is the date on which
the volume is to go on sale. The com
mittee is making the book in such a
form that it would be a particularly
appropriate holiday gift.
