# Untitled Article
## 
### 
L.P. Andresen, '12, was married in
Seattle to Miss F. 0. Leedy of North
Dakota, on January 21. Since grad
uating from Stanford Andersen lias
had experience in the mines at Butte,
Montana. He has lately returned from
Venezuela where he worked on oil
geology for Ralph Arnold, '99. He ex
pects to leave shortly for Alaska to
take up Placer mining.
L.P. Andresen, '12, was married in
Seattle to Miss F. 0. Leedy of North
Dakota, on January 21. Since grad
uating from Stanford Andersen lias
had experience in the mines at Butte,
Montana. He has lately returned from
Venezuela where he worked on oil
geology for Ralph Arnold, '99. He ex
pects to leave shortly for Alaska to
take up Placer mining.
L.P. Andresen, '12, was married in
Seattle to Miss F. 0. Leedy of North
Dakota, on January 21. Since grad
uating from Stanford Andersen lias
had experience in the mines at Butte,
Montana. He has lately returned from
Venezuela where he worked on oil
geology for Ralph Arnold, '99. He ex
pects to leave shortly for Alaska to
take up Placer mining.
L.P. Andresen, '12, was married in
Seattle to Miss F. 0. Leedy of North
Dakota, on January 21. Since grad
uating from Stanford Andersen lias
had experience in the mines at Butte,
Montana. He has lately returned from
Venezuela where he worked on oil
geology for Ralph Arnold, '99. He ex
pects to leave shortly for Alaska to
take up Placer mining.
L.P. Andresen, '12, was married in
Seattle to Miss F. 0. Leedy of North
Dakota, on January 21. Since grad
uating from Stanford Andersen lias
had experience in the mines at Butte,
Montana. He has lately returned from
Venezuela where he worked on oil
geology for Ralph Arnold, '99. He ex
pects to leave shortly for Alaska to
take up Placer mining.
L.P. Andresen, '12, was married in
Seattle to Miss F. 0. Leedy of North
Dakota, on January 21. Since grad
uating from Stanford Andersen lias
had experience in the mines at Butte,
Montana. He has lately returned from
Venezuela where he worked on oil
geology for Ralph Arnold, '99. He ex
pects to leave shortly for Alaska to
take up Placer mining.
L.P. Andresen, '12, was married in
Seattle to Miss F. 0. Leedy of North
Dakota, on January 21. Since grad
uating from Stanford Andersen lias
had experience in the mines at Butte,
Montana. He has lately returned from
Venezuela where he worked on oil
geology for Ralph Arnold, '99. He ex
pects to leave shortly for Alaska to
take up Placer mining.
L.P. Andresen, '12, was married in
Seattle to Miss F. 0. Leedy of North
Dakota, on January 21. Since grad
uating from Stanford Andersen lias
had experience in the mines at Butte,
Montana. He has lately returned from
Venezuela where he worked on oil
geology for Ralph Arnold, '99. He ex
pects to leave shortly for Alaska to
take up Placer mining.
L.P. Andresen, '12, was married in
Seattle to Miss F. 0. Leedy of North
Dakota, on January 21. Since grad
uating from Stanford Andersen lias
had experience in the mines at Butte,
Montana. He has lately returned from
Venezuela where he worked on oil
geology for Ralph Arnold, '99. He ex
pects to leave shortly for Alaska to
take up Placer mining.
L.P. Andresen, '12, was married in
Seattle to Miss F. 0. Leedy of North
Dakota, on January 21. Since grad
uating from Stanford Andersen lias
had experience in the mines at Butte,
Montana. He has lately returned from
Venezuela where he worked on oil
geology for Ralph Arnold, '99. He ex
pects to leave shortly for Alaska to
take up Placer mining.
L.P. Andresen, '12, was married in
Seattle to Miss F. 0. Leedy of North
Dakota, on January 21. Since grad
uating from Stanford Andersen lias
had experience in the mines at Butte,
Montana. He has lately returned from
Venezuela where he worked on oil
geology for Ralph Arnold, '99. He ex
pects to leave shortly for Alaska to
take up Placer mining.
L.P. Andresen, '12, was married in
Seattle to Miss F. 0. Leedy of North
Dakota, on January 21. Since grad
uating from Stanford Andersen lias
had experience in the mines at Butte,
Montana. He has lately returned from
Venezuela where he worked on oil
geology for Ralph Arnold, '99. He ex
pects to leave shortly for Alaska to
take up Placer mining.
L.P. Andresen, '12, was married in
Seattle to Miss F. 0. Leedy of North
Dakota, on January 21. Since grad
uating from Stanford Andersen lias
had experience in the mines at Butte,
Montana. He has lately returned from
Venezuela where he worked on oil
geology for Ralph Arnold, '99. He ex
pects to leave shortly for Alaska to
take up Placer mining.
