# Untitled Article
## 
### 
J.L. Duff, '13, has been appointed to
the staff of the Potter School of Boys
of San Francisco.
J.L. Duff, '13, has been appointed to
the staff of the Potter School of Boys
of San Francisco.
J.L. Duff, '13, has been appointed to
the staff of the Potter School of Boys
of San Francisco.
J.L. Duff, '13, has been appointed to
the staff of the Potter School of Boys
of San Francisco.
J.L. Duff, '13, has been appointed to
the staff of the Potter School of Boys
of San Francisco.
J.L. Duff, '13, has been appointed to
the staff of the Potter School of Boys
of San Francisco.
J.L. Duff, '13, has been appointed to
the staff of the Potter School of Boys
of San Francisco.
J.L. Duff, '13, has been appointed to
the staff of the Potter School of Boys
of San Francisco.
J.L. Duff, '13, has been appointed to
the staff of the Potter School of Boys
of San Francisco.
J.L. Duff, '13, has been appointed to
the staff of the Potter School of Boys
of San Francisco.
J.L. Duff, '13, has been appointed to
the staff of the Potter School of Boys
of San Francisco.
J.L. Duff, '13, has been appointed to
the staff of the Potter School of Boys
of San Francisco.
J.L. Duff, '13, has been appointed to
the staff of the Potter School of Boys
of San Francisco.
