# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Mrs. W.N. Brewster will give the last
of the lectures in the Modern World
Movement series on the subject "New
Women in New China" on Monday af
ternoon at 3:30 o'clock in the chapel.
Mrs. W.N. Brewster will give the last
of the lectures in the Modern World
Movement series on the subject "New
Women in New China" on Monday af
ternoon at 3:30 o'clock in the chapel.
Mrs. W.N. Brewster will give the last
of the lectures in the Modern World
Movement series on the subject "New
Women in New China" on Monday af
ternoon at 3:30 o'clock in the chapel.
Mrs. W.N. Brewster will give the last
of the lectures in the Modern World
Movement series on the subject "New
Women in New China" on Monday af
ternoon at 3:30 o'clock in the chapel.
Mrs. W.N. Brewster will give the last
of the lectures in the Modern World
Movement series on the subject "New
Women in New China" on Monday af
ternoon at 3:30 o'clock in the chapel.
Mrs. W.N. Brewster will give the last
of the lectures in the Modern World
Movement series on the subject "New
Women in New China" on Monday af
ternoon at 3:30 o'clock in the chapel.
Mrs. W.N. Brewster will give the last
of the lectures in the Modern World
Movement series on the subject "New
Women in New China" on Monday af
ternoon at 3:30 o'clock in the chapel.
Mrs. W.N. Brewster will give the last
of the lectures in the Modern World
Movement series on the subject "New
Women in New China" on Monday af
ternoon at 3:30 o'clock in the chapel.
Mrs. W.N. Brewster will give the last
of the lectures in the Modern World
Movement series on the subject "New
Women in New China" on Monday af
ternoon at 3:30 o'clock in the chapel.
Mrs. W.N. Brewster will give the last
of the lectures in the Modern World
Movement series on the subject "New
Women in New China" on Monday af
ternoon at 3:30 o'clock in the chapel.
Mrs. W.N. Brewster will give the last
of the lectures in the Modern World
Movement series on the subject "New
Women in New China" on Monday af
ternoon at 3:30 o'clock in the chapel.
Mrs. W.N. Brewster will give the last
of the lectures in the Modern World
Movement series on the subject "New
Women in New China" on Monday af
ternoon at 3:30 o'clock in the chapel.
Mrs. W.N. Brewster will give the last
of the lectures in the Modern World
Movement series on the subject "New
Women in New China" on Monday af
ternoon at 3:30 o'clock in the chapel.
