# CLUB MEETS TOMORROW
## 
### 
The Cosmopolitan Club will meet
tomorrow night at 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse to elect a presi
dent to replace Virginia Voorheis,
temporary leader of the group. Fol
lowing the business meeting there
will be dancing, bridge, and chess.

LOS ANGELES, Jan. 17 (/P).—
Continued improvement of General
Plutarco Elias Calles, former presi
dent of Mexico, who is convalescing
from an operation performed here
four days ago, was reported today by
his attending physicians.
The Cosmopolitan Club will meet
tomorrow night at 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse to elect a presi
dent to replace Virginia Voorheis,
temporary leader of the group. Fol
lowing the business meeting there
will be dancing, bridge, and chess.

LOS ANGELES, Jan. 17 (/P).—
Continued improvement of General
Plutarco Elias Calles, former presi
dent of Mexico, who is convalescing
from an operation performed here
four days ago, was reported today by
his attending physicians.
The Cosmopolitan Club will meet
tomorrow night at 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse to elect a presi
dent to replace Virginia Voorheis,
temporary leader of the group. Fol
lowing the business meeting there
will be dancing, bridge, and chess.

LOS ANGELES, Jan. 17 (/P).—
Continued improvement of General
Plutarco Elias Calles, former presi
dent of Mexico, who is convalescing
from an operation performed here
four days ago, was reported today by
his attending physicians.
The Cosmopolitan Club will meet
tomorrow night at 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse to elect a presi
dent to replace Virginia Voorheis,
temporary leader of the group. Fol
lowing the business meeting there
will be dancing, bridge, and chess.

LOS ANGELES, Jan. 17 (/P).—
Continued improvement of General
Plutarco Elias Calles, former presi
dent of Mexico, who is convalescing
from an operation performed here
four days ago, was reported today by
his attending physicians.
The Cosmopolitan Club will meet
tomorrow night at 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse to elect a presi
dent to replace Virginia Voorheis,
temporary leader of the group. Fol
lowing the business meeting there
will be dancing, bridge, and chess.

LOS ANGELES, Jan. 17 (/P).—
Continued improvement of General
Plutarco Elias Calles, former presi
dent of Mexico, who is convalescing
from an operation performed here
four days ago, was reported today by
his attending physicians.
The Cosmopolitan Club will meet
tomorrow night at 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse to elect a presi
dent to replace Virginia Voorheis,
temporary leader of the group. Fol
lowing the business meeting there
will be dancing, bridge, and chess.

LOS ANGELES, Jan. 17 (/P).—
Continued improvement of General
Plutarco Elias Calles, former presi
dent of Mexico, who is convalescing
from an operation performed here
four days ago, was reported today by
his attending physicians.
The Cosmopolitan Club will meet
tomorrow night at 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse to elect a presi
dent to replace Virginia Voorheis,
temporary leader of the group. Fol
lowing the business meeting there
will be dancing, bridge, and chess.

LOS ANGELES, Jan. 17 (/P).—
Continued improvement of General
Plutarco Elias Calles, former presi
dent of Mexico, who is convalescing
from an operation performed here
four days ago, was reported today by
his attending physicians.
The Cosmopolitan Club will meet
tomorrow night at 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse to elect a presi
dent to replace Virginia Voorheis,
temporary leader of the group. Fol
lowing the business meeting there
will be dancing, bridge, and chess.

LOS ANGELES, Jan. 17 (/P).—
Continued improvement of General
Plutarco Elias Calles, former presi
dent of Mexico, who is convalescing
from an operation performed here
four days ago, was reported today by
his attending physicians.
The Cosmopolitan Club will meet
tomorrow night at 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse to elect a presi
dent to replace Virginia Voorheis,
temporary leader of the group. Fol
lowing the business meeting there
will be dancing, bridge, and chess.

LOS ANGELES, Jan. 17 (/P).—
Continued improvement of General
Plutarco Elias Calles, former presi
dent of Mexico, who is convalescing
from an operation performed here
four days ago, was reported today by
his attending physicians.
The Cosmopolitan Club will meet
tomorrow night at 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse to elect a presi
dent to replace Virginia Voorheis,
temporary leader of the group. Fol
lowing the business meeting there
will be dancing, bridge, and chess.

LOS ANGELES, Jan. 17 (/P).—
Continued improvement of General
Plutarco Elias Calles, former presi
dent of Mexico, who is convalescing
from an operation performed here
four days ago, was reported today by
his attending physicians.
The Cosmopolitan Club will meet
tomorrow night at 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse to elect a presi
dent to replace Virginia Voorheis,
temporary leader of the group. Fol
lowing the business meeting there
will be dancing, bridge, and chess.

LOS ANGELES, Jan. 17 (/P).—
Continued improvement of General
Plutarco Elias Calles, former presi
dent of Mexico, who is convalescing
from an operation performed here
four days ago, was reported today by
his attending physicians.
The Cosmopolitan Club will meet
tomorrow night at 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse to elect a presi
dent to replace Virginia Voorheis,
temporary leader of the group. Fol
lowing the business meeting there
will be dancing, bridge, and chess.

LOS ANGELES, Jan. 17 (/P).—
Continued improvement of General
Plutarco Elias Calles, former presi
dent of Mexico, who is convalescing
from an operation performed here
four days ago, was reported today by
his attending physicians.
The Cosmopolitan Club will meet
tomorrow night at 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse to elect a presi
dent to replace Virginia Voorheis,
temporary leader of the group. Fol
lowing the business meeting there
will be dancing, bridge, and chess.

LOS ANGELES, Jan. 17 (/P).—
Continued improvement of General
Plutarco Elias Calles, former presi
dent of Mexico, who is convalescing
from an operation performed here
four days ago, was reported today by
his attending physicians.
The Cosmopolitan Club will meet
tomorrow night at 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse to elect a presi
dent to replace Virginia Voorheis,
temporary leader of the group. Fol
lowing the business meeting there
will be dancing, bridge, and chess.

LOS ANGELES, Jan. 17 (/P).—
Continued improvement of General
Plutarco Elias Calles, former presi
dent of Mexico, who is convalescing
from an operation performed here
four days ago, was reported today by
his attending physicians.
The Cosmopolitan Club will meet
tomorrow night at 8 o'clock in the
Women's Clubhouse to elect a presi
dent to replace Virginia Voorheis,
temporary leader of the group. Fol
lowing the business meeting there
will be dancing, bridge, and chess.

LOS ANGELES, Jan. 17 (/P).—
Continued improvement of General
Plutarco Elias Calles, former presi
dent of Mexico, who is convalescing
from an operation performed here
four days ago, was reported today by
his attending physicians.
