# CHILD MURDERER?
## 
### 

Mrs. Constance Kohler, 33. was
tried in Sacramento, Cal., on a
charge of murdering her newly born
son. She testified it was an acci
dent. (Associated Press Photo) !

Mrs. Constance Kohler, 33. was
tried in Sacramento, Cal., on a
charge of murdering her newly born
son. She testified it was an acci
dent. (Associated Press Photo) !

Mrs. Constance Kohler, 33. was
tried in Sacramento, Cal., on a
charge of murdering her newly born
son. She testified it was an acci
dent. (Associated Press Photo) !

Mrs. Constance Kohler, 33. was
tried in Sacramento, Cal., on a
charge of murdering her newly born
son. She testified it was an acci
dent. (Associated Press Photo) !

Mrs. Constance Kohler, 33. was
tried in Sacramento, Cal., on a
charge of murdering her newly born
son. She testified it was an acci
dent. (Associated Press Photo) !

Mrs. Constance Kohler, 33. was
tried in Sacramento, Cal., on a
charge of murdering her newly born
son. She testified it was an acci
dent. (Associated Press Photo) !

Mrs. Constance Kohler, 33. was
tried in Sacramento, Cal., on a
charge of murdering her newly born
son. She testified it was an acci
dent. (Associated Press Photo) !

Mrs. Constance Kohler, 33. was
tried in Sacramento, Cal., on a
charge of murdering her newly born
son. She testified it was an acci
dent. (Associated Press Photo) !

Mrs. Constance Kohler, 33. was
tried in Sacramento, Cal., on a
charge of murdering her newly born
son. She testified it was an acci
dent. (Associated Press Photo) !

Mrs. Constance Kohler, 33. was
tried in Sacramento, Cal., on a
charge of murdering her newly born
son. She testified it was an acci
dent. (Associated Press Photo) !

Mrs. Constance Kohler, 33. was
tried in Sacramento, Cal., on a
charge of murdering her newly born
son. She testified it was an acci
dent. (Associated Press Photo) !

Mrs. Constance Kohler, 33. was
tried in Sacramento, Cal., on a
charge of murdering her newly born
son. She testified it was an acci
dent. (Associated Press Photo) !

Mrs. Constance Kohler, 33. was
tried in Sacramento, Cal., on a
charge of murdering her newly born
son. She testified it was an acci
dent. (Associated Press Photo) !

Mrs. Constance Kohler, 33. was
tried in Sacramento, Cal., on a
charge of murdering her newly born
son. She testified it was an acci
dent. (Associated Press Photo) !

Mrs. Constance Kohler, 33. was
tried in Sacramento, Cal., on a
charge of murdering her newly born
son. She testified it was an acci
dent. (Associated Press Photo) !
