# Last Issue
## 
### 
This is the last issue of the
Stanford Summer Weekly of
this summer session. In her
attempts to serve the campus
with news and views of inter
est, the editor has received in
valuable help and cooperation
from the students and adminis
tration. So, as "The Most Happy
Fella" once said, "Happy to
make your acquaintance . . .
and the pleasure, she was
mine."
The Editor
This is the last issue of the
Stanford Summer Weekly of
this summer session. In her
attempts to serve the campus
with news and views of inter
est, the editor has received in
valuable help and cooperation
from the students and adminis
tration. So, as "The Most Happy
Fella" once said, "Happy to
make your acquaintance . . .
and the pleasure, she was
mine."
The Editor
This is the last issue of the
Stanford Summer Weekly of
this summer session. In her
attempts to serve the campus
with news and views of inter
est, the editor has received in
valuable help and cooperation
from the students and adminis
tration. So, as "The Most Happy
Fella" once said, "Happy to
make your acquaintance . . .
and the pleasure, she was
mine."
The Editor
This is the last issue of the
Stanford Summer Weekly of
this summer session. In her
attempts to serve the campus
with news and views of inter
est, the editor has received in
valuable help and cooperation
from the students and adminis
tration. So, as "The Most Happy
Fella" once said, "Happy to
make your acquaintance . . .
and the pleasure, she was
mine."
The Editor
This is the last issue of the
Stanford Summer Weekly of
this summer session. In her
attempts to serve the campus
with news and views of inter
est, the editor has received in
valuable help and cooperation
from the students and adminis
tration. So, as "The Most Happy
Fella" once said, "Happy to
make your acquaintance . . .
and the pleasure, she was
mine."
The Editor
This is the last issue of the
Stanford Summer Weekly of
this summer session. In her
attempts to serve the campus
with news and views of inter
est, the editor has received in
valuable help and cooperation
from the students and adminis
tration. So, as "The Most Happy
Fella" once said, "Happy to
make your acquaintance . . .
and the pleasure, she was
mine."
The Editor
This is the last issue of the
Stanford Summer Weekly of
this summer session. In her
attempts to serve the campus
with news and views of inter
est, the editor has received in
valuable help and cooperation
from the students and adminis
tration. So, as "The Most Happy
Fella" once said, "Happy to
make your acquaintance . . .
and the pleasure, she was
mine."
The Editor
This is the last issue of the
Stanford Summer Weekly of
this summer session. In her
attempts to serve the campus
with news and views of inter
est, the editor has received in
valuable help and cooperation
from the students and adminis
tration. So, as "The Most Happy
Fella" once said, "Happy to
make your acquaintance . . .
and the pleasure, she was
mine."
The Editor
This is the last issue of the
Stanford Summer Weekly of
this summer session. In her
attempts to serve the campus
with news and views of inter
est, the editor has received in
valuable help and cooperation
from the students and adminis
tration. So, as "The Most Happy
Fella" once said, "Happy to
make your acquaintance . . .
and the pleasure, she was
mine."
The Editor
This is the last issue of the
Stanford Summer Weekly of
this summer session. In her
attempts to serve the campus
with news and views of inter
est, the editor has received in
valuable help and cooperation
from the students and adminis
tration. So, as "The Most Happy
Fella" once said, "Happy to
make your acquaintance . . .
and the pleasure, she was
mine."
The Editor
This is the last issue of the
Stanford Summer Weekly of
this summer session. In her
attempts to serve the campus
with news and views of inter
est, the editor has received in
valuable help and cooperation
from the students and adminis
tration. So, as "The Most Happy
Fella" once said, "Happy to
make your acquaintance . . .
and the pleasure, she was
mine."
The Editor
This is the last issue of the
Stanford Summer Weekly of
this summer session. In her
attempts to serve the campus
with news and views of inter
est, the editor has received in
valuable help and cooperation
from the students and adminis
tration. So, as "The Most Happy
Fella" once said, "Happy to
make your acquaintance . . .
and the pleasure, she was
mine."
The Editor
This is the last issue of the
Stanford Summer Weekly of
this summer session. In her
attempts to serve the campus
with news and views of inter
est, the editor has received in
valuable help and cooperation
from the students and adminis
tration. So, as "The Most Happy
Fella" once said, "Happy to
make your acquaintance . . .
and the pleasure, she was
mine."
The Editor
This is the last issue of the
Stanford Summer Weekly of
this summer session. In her
attempts to serve the campus
with news and views of inter
est, the editor has received in
valuable help and cooperation
from the students and adminis
tration. So, as "The Most Happy
Fella" once said, "Happy to
make your acquaintance . . .
and the pleasure, she was
mine."
The Editor
This is the last issue of the
Stanford Summer Weekly of
this summer session. In her
attempts to serve the campus
with news and views of inter
est, the editor has received in
valuable help and cooperation
from the students and adminis
tration. So, as "The Most Happy
Fella" once said, "Happy to
make your acquaintance . . .
and the pleasure, she was
mine."
The Editor
This is the last issue of the
Stanford Summer Weekly of
this summer session. In her
attempts to serve the campus
with news and views of inter
est, the editor has received in
valuable help and cooperation
from the students and adminis
tration. So, as "The Most Happy
Fella" once said, "Happy to
make your acquaintance . . .
and the pleasure, she was
mine."
The Editor
This is the last issue of the
Stanford Summer Weekly of
this summer session. In her
attempts to serve the campus
with news and views of inter
est, the editor has received in
valuable help and cooperation
from the students and adminis
tration. So, as "The Most Happy
Fella" once said, "Happy to
make your acquaintance . . .
and the pleasure, she was
mine."
The Editor
