# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Guests are shown at the buffet table at the "Rendezvous at Rick
ey's" held last Frday evening, July 25. A more than capacity
crowd arrived at the party, and many had to be turned away from
the dinner. The evening continued with dancing in the Conference
Room of the Inn, a gala close to a day of swimming and an ample
dinner.

Guests are shown at the buffet table at the "Rendezvous at Rick
ey's" held last Frday evening, July 25. A more than capacity
crowd arrived at the party, and many had to be turned away from
the dinner. The evening continued with dancing in the Conference
Room of the Inn, a gala close to a day of swimming and an ample
dinner.

Guests are shown at the buffet table at the "Rendezvous at Rick
ey's" held last Frday evening, July 25. A more than capacity
crowd arrived at the party, and many had to be turned away from
the dinner. The evening continued with dancing in the Conference
Room of the Inn, a gala close to a day of swimming and an ample
dinner.

Guests are shown at the buffet table at the "Rendezvous at Rick
ey's" held last Frday evening, July 25. A more than capacity
crowd arrived at the party, and many had to be turned away from
the dinner. The evening continued with dancing in the Conference
Room of the Inn, a gala close to a day of swimming and an ample
dinner.

Guests are shown at the buffet table at the "Rendezvous at Rick
ey's" held last Frday evening, July 25. A more than capacity
crowd arrived at the party, and many had to be turned away from
the dinner. The evening continued with dancing in the Conference
Room of the Inn, a gala close to a day of swimming and an ample
dinner.

Guests are shown at the buffet table at the "Rendezvous at Rick
ey's" held last Frday evening, July 25. A more than capacity
crowd arrived at the party, and many had to be turned away from
the dinner. The evening continued with dancing in the Conference
Room of the Inn, a gala close to a day of swimming and an ample
dinner.

Guests are shown at the buffet table at the "Rendezvous at Rick
ey's" held last Frday evening, July 25. A more than capacity
crowd arrived at the party, and many had to be turned away from
the dinner. The evening continued with dancing in the Conference
Room of the Inn, a gala close to a day of swimming and an ample
dinner.

Guests are shown at the buffet table at the "Rendezvous at Rick
ey's" held last Frday evening, July 25. A more than capacity
crowd arrived at the party, and many had to be turned away from
the dinner. The evening continued with dancing in the Conference
Room of the Inn, a gala close to a day of swimming and an ample
dinner.

Guests are shown at the buffet table at the "Rendezvous at Rick
ey's" held last Frday evening, July 25. A more than capacity
crowd arrived at the party, and many had to be turned away from
the dinner. The evening continued with dancing in the Conference
Room of the Inn, a gala close to a day of swimming and an ample
dinner.

Guests are shown at the buffet table at the "Rendezvous at Rick
ey's" held last Frday evening, July 25. A more than capacity
crowd arrived at the party, and many had to be turned away from
the dinner. The evening continued with dancing in the Conference
Room of the Inn, a gala close to a day of swimming and an ample
dinner.

Guests are shown at the buffet table at the "Rendezvous at Rick
ey's" held last Frday evening, July 25. A more than capacity
crowd arrived at the party, and many had to be turned away from
the dinner. The evening continued with dancing in the Conference
Room of the Inn, a gala close to a day of swimming and an ample
dinner.

Guests are shown at the buffet table at the "Rendezvous at Rick
ey's" held last Frday evening, July 25. A more than capacity
crowd arrived at the party, and many had to be turned away from
the dinner. The evening continued with dancing in the Conference
Room of the Inn, a gala close to a day of swimming and an ample
dinner.

Guests are shown at the buffet table at the "Rendezvous at Rick
ey's" held last Frday evening, July 25. A more than capacity
crowd arrived at the party, and many had to be turned away from
the dinner. The evening continued with dancing in the Conference
Room of the Inn, a gala close to a day of swimming and an ample
dinner.

Guests are shown at the buffet table at the "Rendezvous at Rick
ey's" held last Frday evening, July 25. A more than capacity
crowd arrived at the party, and many had to be turned away from
the dinner. The evening continued with dancing in the Conference
Room of the Inn, a gala close to a day of swimming and an ample
dinner.

Guests are shown at the buffet table at the "Rendezvous at Rick
ey's" held last Frday evening, July 25. A more than capacity
crowd arrived at the party, and many had to be turned away from
the dinner. The evening continued with dancing in the Conference
Room of the Inn, a gala close to a day of swimming and an ample
dinner.

Guests are shown at the buffet table at the "Rendezvous at Rick
ey's" held last Frday evening, July 25. A more than capacity
crowd arrived at the party, and many had to be turned away from
the dinner. The evening continued with dancing in the Conference
Room of the Inn, a gala close to a day of swimming and an ample
dinner.

Guests are shown at the buffet table at the "Rendezvous at Rick
ey's" held last Frday evening, July 25. A more than capacity
crowd arrived at the party, and many had to be turned away from
the dinner. The evening continued with dancing in the Conference
Room of the Inn, a gala close to a day of swimming and an ample
dinner.
