# Fuller Is New Trustee Member
## 
### 
W. Parmer Fuller 111 of San
Francisco, vice-president and a
director of W.P. Fuller & Co.,
was recently elected a member
of the Board of Trustees. He suc
ceeds Ernest C. Arbuckle, who
resigned recently to become Dean
of the Stanford Graduate School
of Business.
Fuller, great-grandson of the
founder of the paint manufac
turing company which bears the
family name, graduated from
Stanford in 1934 and from the
Harvard Law School three years
later.
He was president in 1952 of the
San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce and serves as a director of
Western Pacific Railroad, Wells
Fargo Bank, and Yosemite Park
& Curry Co.
