# Adv. 47 Page 11
## 
### 
SUBJECTS WANTED
Participants needed: Body Image
Study. Stanford University is
evaluating a program to help
18-29 y/o women improve their
body image. Contact Darby
Cunning at: 650-723-9936 or
dcunning@stanford.edu
TRAVEL
Spring Break '04 w/ STS, America's
#1 Student Tour Operator. Hiring
campus reps. Call for discounts!
800-648-4849 www.ststravel.com
TUTORING
9th gr. student/athlete needs
study buddy a few eve's per week
Portola Valley. 851-4584
GRAD STUDENTS - Need some $$$?
Work as a tutor. $30/hr. Contact
info@supremetutors.com
510-912-6773
HIRING TUTORS $18/hr Menlo Park
NEED latin, Spanish, science now
bright, fun, hmwork buddies too!
AT@academictrainers.com 321-0707
near Trader Joes Menlo, STOP BY!
WANTED
Seeking space for two 18' travel
trailers; painter/handyman
services can be traded for stor
age, or other trade/sale
possibilities. 650-740-0630
SUBJECTS WANTED
Participants needed: Body Image
Study. Stanford University is
evaluating a program to help
18-29 y/o women improve their
body image. Contact Darby
Cunning at: 650-723-9936 or
dcunning@stanford.edu
TRAVEL
Spring Break '04 w/ STS, America's
#1 Student Tour Operator. Hiring
campus reps. Call for discounts!
800-648-4849 www.ststravel.com
TUTORING
9th gr. student/athlete needs
study buddy a few eve's per week
Portola Valley. 851-4584
GRAD STUDENTS - Need some $$$?
Work as a tutor. $30/hr. Contact
info@supremetutors.com
510-912-6773
HIRING TUTORS $18/hr Menlo Park
NEED latin, Spanish, science now
bright, fun, hmwork buddies too!
AT@academictrainers.com 321-0707
near Trader Joes Menlo, STOP BY!
WANTED
Seeking space for two 18' travel
trailers; painter/handyman
services can be traded for stor
age, or other trade/sale
possibilities. 650-740-0630
SUBJECTS WANTED
Participants needed: Body Image
Study. Stanford University is
evaluating a program to help
18-29 y/o women improve their
body image. Contact Darby
Cunning at: 650-723-9936 or
dcunning@stanford.edu
TRAVEL
Spring Break '04 w/ STS, America's
#1 Student Tour Operator. Hiring
campus reps. Call for discounts!
800-648-4849 www.ststravel.com
TUTORING
9th gr. student/athlete needs
study buddy a few eve's per week
Portola Valley. 851-4584
GRAD STUDENTS - Need some $$$?
Work as a tutor. $30/hr. Contact
info@supremetutors.com
510-912-6773
HIRING TUTORS $18/hr Menlo Park
NEED latin, Spanish, science now
bright, fun, hmwork buddies too!
AT@academictrainers.com 321-0707
near Trader Joes Menlo, STOP BY!
WANTED
Seeking space for two 18' travel
trailers; painter/handyman
services can be traded for stor
age, or other trade/sale
possibilities. 650-740-0630
SUBJECTS WANTED
Participants needed: Body Image
Study. Stanford University is
evaluating a program to help
18-29 y/o women improve their
body image. Contact Darby
Cunning at: 650-723-9936 or
dcunning@stanford.edu
TRAVEL
Spring Break '04 w/ STS, America's
#1 Student Tour Operator. Hiring
campus reps. Call for discounts!
800-648-4849 www.ststravel.com
TUTORING
9th gr. student/athlete needs
study buddy a few eve's per week
Portola Valley. 851-4584
GRAD STUDENTS - Need some $$$?
Work as a tutor. $30/hr. Contact
info@supremetutors.com
510-912-6773
HIRING TUTORS $18/hr Menlo Park
NEED latin, Spanish, science now
bright, fun, hmwork buddies too!
AT@academictrainers.com 321-0707
near Trader Joes Menlo, STOP BY!
WANTED
Seeking space for two 18' travel
trailers; painter/handyman
services can be traded for stor
age, or other trade/sale
possibilities. 650-740-0630
SUBJECTS WANTED
Participants needed: Body Image
Study. Stanford University is
evaluating a program to help
18-29 y/o women improve their
body image. Contact Darby
Cunning at: 650-723-9936 or
dcunning@stanford.edu
TRAVEL
Spring Break '04 w/ STS, America's
#1 Student Tour Operator. Hiring
campus reps. Call for discounts!
800-648-4849 www.ststravel.com
TUTORING
9th gr. student/athlete needs
study buddy a few eve's per week
Portola Valley. 851-4584
GRAD STUDENTS - Need some $$$?
Work as a tutor. $30/hr. Contact
info@supremetutors.com
510-912-6773
HIRING TUTORS $18/hr Menlo Park
NEED latin, Spanish, science now
bright, fun, hmwork buddies too!
AT@academictrainers.com 321-0707
near Trader Joes Menlo, STOP BY!
WANTED
Seeking space for two 18' travel
trailers; painter/handyman
services can be traded for stor
age, or other trade/sale
possibilities. 650-740-0630
SUBJECTS WANTED
Participants needed: Body Image
Study. Stanford University is
evaluating a program to help
18-29 y/o women improve their
body image. Contact Darby
Cunning at: 650-723-9936 or
dcunning@stanford.edu
TRAVEL
Spring Break '04 w/ STS, America's
#1 Student Tour Operator. Hiring
campus reps. Call for discounts!
800-648-4849 www.ststravel.com
TUTORING
9th gr. student/athlete needs
study buddy a few eve's per week
Portola Valley. 851-4584
GRAD STUDENTS - Need some $$$?
Work as a tutor. $30/hr. Contact
info@supremetutors.com
510-912-6773
HIRING TUTORS $18/hr Menlo Park
NEED latin, Spanish, science now
bright, fun, hmwork buddies too!
AT@academictrainers.com 321-0707
near Trader Joes Menlo, STOP BY!
WANTED
Seeking space for two 18' travel
trailers; painter/handyman
services can be traded for stor
age, or other trade/sale
possibilities. 650-740-0630
SUBJECTS WANTED
Participants needed: Body Image
Study. Stanford University is
evaluating a program to help
18-29 y/o women improve their
body image. Contact Darby
Cunning at: 650-723-9936 or
dcunning@stanford.edu
TRAVEL
Spring Break '04 w/ STS, America's
#1 Student Tour Operator. Hiring
campus reps. Call for discounts!
800-648-4849 www.ststravel.com
TUTORING
9th gr. student/athlete needs
study buddy a few eve's per week
Portola Valley. 851-4584
GRAD STUDENTS - Need some $$$?
Work as a tutor. $30/hr. Contact
info@supremetutors.com
510-912-6773
HIRING TUTORS $18/hr Menlo Park
NEED latin, Spanish, science now
bright, fun, hmwork buddies too!
AT@academictrainers.com 321-0707
near Trader Joes Menlo, STOP BY!
WANTED
Seeking space for two 18' travel
trailers; painter/handyman
services can be traded for stor
age, or other trade/sale
possibilities. 650-740-0630
