# College Ski Meet Will Begin Friday
## 
### 
The West's largest intercollegiate
ski meet is scheduled for April 7, 8,
and 9 at Squaw Valley.
Invitations to 15 Coast colleges have
been issued by the Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Ski Union.
Winners of previous PCLSU champ
ionships have included Nevada,
Washington, and Stanford, according
to Gregg Bemis, president of the Ski
Union.
The first meet, sanctioned by the
PCISU, was held in 1037. Since then,
with the exception of the war years,
the meets have been held annually,
and have regularly drawn the Coast's
top college teams.
This year marks a geographical
change. Heretofore, the meets have
been held at Yoscinite. The change
was made, according to Bemis, be
cause it was felt that Squaw Valley is
"best equipped for suitable courses."
The throe-day meet will include
slalom, downhill, and cross country
races, in addition to jumping. Names
of competing teams will be released
as soon as all acceptances have been
received.
