# Chan Attends OR Session
## 
### 
David Chan, political science .stu
dent from Rangoon, Burma, repre
sented Stanford at the national con
ference of the American Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs' last week at Ann Arbor,
Mich.
Chan, president of the Stanford
lIK, also represented the Northern
California-Nevada region of Inter
national Relations Clubs.
He was among the 4t)U delegates
from colleges and universities all
over the United States who met on
th< University of Michigan campus
for panel discussions and plenary
sessions on current international
topics.
While Chan was in the Blast, he
arranged for speakers for the Insti
tute - sponsored United Nations
mock assembly at Stanford April 28.
David Chan, political science .stu
dent from Rangoon, Burma, repre
sented Stanford at the national con
ference of the American Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs' last week at Ann Arbor,
Mich.
Chan, president of the Stanford
lIK, also represented the Northern
California-Nevada region of Inter
national Relations Clubs.
He was among the 4t)U delegates
from colleges and universities all
over the United States who met on
th< University of Michigan campus
for panel discussions and plenary
sessions on current international
topics.
While Chan was in the Blast, he
arranged for speakers for the Insti
tute - sponsored United Nations
mock assembly at Stanford April 28.
David Chan, political science .stu
dent from Rangoon, Burma, repre
sented Stanford at the national con
ference of the American Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs' last week at Ann Arbor,
Mich.
Chan, president of the Stanford
lIK, also represented the Northern
California-Nevada region of Inter
national Relations Clubs.
He was among the 4t)U delegates
from colleges and universities all
over the United States who met on
th< University of Michigan campus
for panel discussions and plenary
sessions on current international
topics.
While Chan was in the Blast, he
arranged for speakers for the Insti
tute - sponsored United Nations
mock assembly at Stanford April 28.
David Chan, political science .stu
dent from Rangoon, Burma, repre
sented Stanford at the national con
ference of the American Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs' last week at Ann Arbor,
Mich.
Chan, president of the Stanford
lIK, also represented the Northern
California-Nevada region of Inter
national Relations Clubs.
He was among the 4t)U delegates
from colleges and universities all
over the United States who met on
th< University of Michigan campus
for panel discussions and plenary
sessions on current international
topics.
While Chan was in the Blast, he
arranged for speakers for the Insti
tute - sponsored United Nations
mock assembly at Stanford April 28.
David Chan, political science .stu
dent from Rangoon, Burma, repre
sented Stanford at the national con
ference of the American Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs' last week at Ann Arbor,
Mich.
Chan, president of the Stanford
lIK, also represented the Northern
California-Nevada region of Inter
national Relations Clubs.
He was among the 4t)U delegates
from colleges and universities all
over the United States who met on
th< University of Michigan campus
for panel discussions and plenary
sessions on current international
topics.
While Chan was in the Blast, he
arranged for speakers for the Insti
tute - sponsored United Nations
mock assembly at Stanford April 28.
David Chan, political science .stu
dent from Rangoon, Burma, repre
sented Stanford at the national con
ference of the American Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs' last week at Ann Arbor,
Mich.
Chan, president of the Stanford
lIK, also represented the Northern
California-Nevada region of Inter
national Relations Clubs.
He was among the 4t)U delegates
from colleges and universities all
over the United States who met on
th< University of Michigan campus
for panel discussions and plenary
sessions on current international
topics.
While Chan was in the Blast, he
arranged for speakers for the Insti
tute - sponsored United Nations
mock assembly at Stanford April 28.
David Chan, political science .stu
dent from Rangoon, Burma, repre
sented Stanford at the national con
ference of the American Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs' last week at Ann Arbor,
Mich.
Chan, president of the Stanford
lIK, also represented the Northern
California-Nevada region of Inter
national Relations Clubs.
He was among the 4t)U delegates
from colleges and universities all
over the United States who met on
th< University of Michigan campus
for panel discussions and plenary
sessions on current international
topics.
While Chan was in the Blast, he
arranged for speakers for the Insti
tute - sponsored United Nations
mock assembly at Stanford April 28.
David Chan, political science .stu
dent from Rangoon, Burma, repre
sented Stanford at the national con
ference of the American Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs' last week at Ann Arbor,
Mich.
Chan, president of the Stanford
lIK, also represented the Northern
California-Nevada region of Inter
national Relations Clubs.
He was among the 4t)U delegates
from colleges and universities all
over the United States who met on
th< University of Michigan campus
for panel discussions and plenary
sessions on current international
topics.
While Chan was in the Blast, he
arranged for speakers for the Insti
tute - sponsored United Nations
mock assembly at Stanford April 28.
David Chan, political science .stu
dent from Rangoon, Burma, repre
sented Stanford at the national con
ference of the American Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs' last week at Ann Arbor,
Mich.
Chan, president of the Stanford
lIK, also represented the Northern
California-Nevada region of Inter
national Relations Clubs.
He was among the 4t)U delegates
from colleges and universities all
over the United States who met on
th< University of Michigan campus
for panel discussions and plenary
sessions on current international
topics.
While Chan was in the Blast, he
arranged for speakers for the Insti
tute - sponsored United Nations
mock assembly at Stanford April 28.
David Chan, political science .stu
dent from Rangoon, Burma, repre
sented Stanford at the national con
ference of the American Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs' last week at Ann Arbor,
Mich.
Chan, president of the Stanford
lIK, also represented the Northern
California-Nevada region of Inter
national Relations Clubs.
He was among the 4t)U delegates
from colleges and universities all
over the United States who met on
th< University of Michigan campus
for panel discussions and plenary
sessions on current international
topics.
While Chan was in the Blast, he
arranged for speakers for the Insti
tute - sponsored United Nations
mock assembly at Stanford April 28.
David Chan, political science .stu
dent from Rangoon, Burma, repre
sented Stanford at the national con
ference of the American Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs' last week at Ann Arbor,
Mich.
Chan, president of the Stanford
lIK, also represented the Northern
California-Nevada region of Inter
national Relations Clubs.
He was among the 4t)U delegates
from colleges and universities all
over the United States who met on
th< University of Michigan campus
for panel discussions and plenary
sessions on current international
topics.
While Chan was in the Blast, he
arranged for speakers for the Insti
tute - sponsored United Nations
mock assembly at Stanford April 28.
David Chan, political science .stu
dent from Rangoon, Burma, repre
sented Stanford at the national con
ference of the American Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs' last week at Ann Arbor,
Mich.
Chan, president of the Stanford
lIK, also represented the Northern
California-Nevada region of Inter
national Relations Clubs.
He was among the 4t)U delegates
from colleges and universities all
over the United States who met on
th< University of Michigan campus
for panel discussions and plenary
sessions on current international
topics.
While Chan was in the Blast, he
arranged for speakers for the Insti
tute - sponsored United Nations
mock assembly at Stanford April 28.
David Chan, political science .stu
dent from Rangoon, Burma, repre
sented Stanford at the national con
ference of the American Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs' last week at Ann Arbor,
Mich.
Chan, president of the Stanford
lIK, also represented the Northern
California-Nevada region of Inter
national Relations Clubs.
He was among the 4t)U delegates
from colleges and universities all
over the United States who met on
th< University of Michigan campus
for panel discussions and plenary
sessions on current international
topics.
While Chan was in the Blast, he
arranged for speakers for the Insti
tute - sponsored United Nations
mock assembly at Stanford April 28.
David Chan, political science .stu
dent from Rangoon, Burma, repre
sented Stanford at the national con
ference of the American Associa
tion of International Relations
Clubs' last week at Ann Arbor,
Mich.
Chan, president of the Stanford
lIK, also represented the Northern
California-Nevada region of Inter
national Relations Clubs.
He was among the 4t)U delegates
from colleges and universities all
over the United States who met on
th< University of Michigan campus
for panel discussions and plenary
sessions on current international
topics.
While Chan was in the Blast, he
arranged for speakers for the Insti
tute - sponsored United Nations
mock assembly at Stanford April 28.
