# Stanford Wins In Cal Debate
## 
### 
Jim Kessler and Bob Vullicr won j
the first debate of the year for Stan
ford against California Thursday by I
using what Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, 1
contest judge, termed "superior
thought and delivery."
Stanford had the negative side of |
the question: "Resolved, that the j
United Nations at the conclusion of
the war should establish a perma- ,
nent world federation." Jean Gab- !
bert and Richard Wilson, the Cali- j
fornia debate team, spent most of j
their time speaking on the evils of j
imperialism and the treaty of Ver
sailles.
California's team pointed out the
need for a federal union but failed |
to point out why this union would i
work. Stanford claimed that Cali- j
fornia could not prove its plan was i
the best of all peace plans. The I
California debaters also showed the !
need for organized peace, but again !
failed to show any method for this. I
Jim Kessler and Bob Vullicr won j
the first debate of the year for Stan
ford against California Thursday by I
using what Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, 1
contest judge, termed "superior
thought and delivery."
Stanford had the negative side of |
the question: "Resolved, that the j
United Nations at the conclusion of
the war should establish a perma- ,
nent world federation." Jean Gab- !
bert and Richard Wilson, the Cali- j
fornia debate team, spent most of j
their time speaking on the evils of j
imperialism and the treaty of Ver
sailles.
California's team pointed out the
need for a federal union but failed |
to point out why this union would i
work. Stanford claimed that Cali- j
fornia could not prove its plan was i
the best of all peace plans. The I
California debaters also showed the !
need for organized peace, but again !
failed to show any method for this. I
Jim Kessler and Bob Vullicr won j
the first debate of the year for Stan
ford against California Thursday by I
using what Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, 1
contest judge, termed "superior
thought and delivery."
Stanford had the negative side of |
the question: "Resolved, that the j
United Nations at the conclusion of
the war should establish a perma- ,
nent world federation." Jean Gab- !
bert and Richard Wilson, the Cali- j
fornia debate team, spent most of j
their time speaking on the evils of j
imperialism and the treaty of Ver
sailles.
California's team pointed out the
need for a federal union but failed |
to point out why this union would i
work. Stanford claimed that Cali- j
fornia could not prove its plan was i
the best of all peace plans. The I
California debaters also showed the !
need for organized peace, but again !
failed to show any method for this. I
Jim Kessler and Bob Vullicr won j
the first debate of the year for Stan
ford against California Thursday by I
using what Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, 1
contest judge, termed "superior
thought and delivery."
Stanford had the negative side of |
the question: "Resolved, that the j
United Nations at the conclusion of
the war should establish a perma- ,
nent world federation." Jean Gab- !
bert and Richard Wilson, the Cali- j
fornia debate team, spent most of j
their time speaking on the evils of j
imperialism and the treaty of Ver
sailles.
California's team pointed out the
need for a federal union but failed |
to point out why this union would i
work. Stanford claimed that Cali- j
fornia could not prove its plan was i
the best of all peace plans. The I
California debaters also showed the !
need for organized peace, but again !
failed to show any method for this. I
Jim Kessler and Bob Vullicr won j
the first debate of the year for Stan
ford against California Thursday by I
using what Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, 1
contest judge, termed "superior
thought and delivery."
Stanford had the negative side of |
the question: "Resolved, that the j
United Nations at the conclusion of
the war should establish a perma- ,
nent world federation." Jean Gab- !
bert and Richard Wilson, the Cali- j
fornia debate team, spent most of j
their time speaking on the evils of j
imperialism and the treaty of Ver
sailles.
California's team pointed out the
need for a federal union but failed |
to point out why this union would i
work. Stanford claimed that Cali- j
fornia could not prove its plan was i
the best of all peace plans. The I
California debaters also showed the !
need for organized peace, but again !
failed to show any method for this. I
Jim Kessler and Bob Vullicr won j
the first debate of the year for Stan
ford against California Thursday by I
using what Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, 1
contest judge, termed "superior
thought and delivery."
Stanford had the negative side of |
the question: "Resolved, that the j
United Nations at the conclusion of
the war should establish a perma- ,
nent world federation." Jean Gab- !
bert and Richard Wilson, the Cali- j
fornia debate team, spent most of j
their time speaking on the evils of j
imperialism and the treaty of Ver
sailles.
California's team pointed out the
need for a federal union but failed |
to point out why this union would i
work. Stanford claimed that Cali- j
fornia could not prove its plan was i
the best of all peace plans. The I
California debaters also showed the !
need for organized peace, but again !
failed to show any method for this. I
Jim Kessler and Bob Vullicr won j
the first debate of the year for Stan
ford against California Thursday by I
using what Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, 1
contest judge, termed "superior
thought and delivery."
Stanford had the negative side of |
the question: "Resolved, that the j
United Nations at the conclusion of
the war should establish a perma- ,
nent world federation." Jean Gab- !
bert and Richard Wilson, the Cali- j
fornia debate team, spent most of j
their time speaking on the evils of j
imperialism and the treaty of Ver
sailles.
California's team pointed out the
need for a federal union but failed |
to point out why this union would i
work. Stanford claimed that Cali- j
fornia could not prove its plan was i
the best of all peace plans. The I
California debaters also showed the !
need for organized peace, but again !
failed to show any method for this. I
Jim Kessler and Bob Vullicr won j
the first debate of the year for Stan
ford against California Thursday by I
using what Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, 1
contest judge, termed "superior
thought and delivery."
Stanford had the negative side of |
the question: "Resolved, that the j
United Nations at the conclusion of
the war should establish a perma- ,
nent world federation." Jean Gab- !
bert and Richard Wilson, the Cali- j
fornia debate team, spent most of j
their time speaking on the evils of j
imperialism and the treaty of Ver
sailles.
California's team pointed out the
need for a federal union but failed |
to point out why this union would i
work. Stanford claimed that Cali- j
fornia could not prove its plan was i
the best of all peace plans. The I
California debaters also showed the !
need for organized peace, but again !
failed to show any method for this. I
Jim Kessler and Bob Vullicr won j
the first debate of the year for Stan
ford against California Thursday by I
using what Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, 1
contest judge, termed "superior
thought and delivery."
Stanford had the negative side of |
the question: "Resolved, that the j
United Nations at the conclusion of
the war should establish a perma- ,
nent world federation." Jean Gab- !
bert and Richard Wilson, the Cali- j
fornia debate team, spent most of j
their time speaking on the evils of j
imperialism and the treaty of Ver
sailles.
California's team pointed out the
need for a federal union but failed |
to point out why this union would i
work. Stanford claimed that Cali- j
fornia could not prove its plan was i
the best of all peace plans. The I
California debaters also showed the !
need for organized peace, but again !
failed to show any method for this. I
Jim Kessler and Bob Vullicr won j
the first debate of the year for Stan
ford against California Thursday by I
using what Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, 1
contest judge, termed "superior
thought and delivery."
Stanford had the negative side of |
the question: "Resolved, that the j
United Nations at the conclusion of
the war should establish a perma- ,
nent world federation." Jean Gab- !
bert and Richard Wilson, the Cali- j
fornia debate team, spent most of j
their time speaking on the evils of j
imperialism and the treaty of Ver
sailles.
California's team pointed out the
need for a federal union but failed |
to point out why this union would i
work. Stanford claimed that Cali- j
fornia could not prove its plan was i
the best of all peace plans. The I
California debaters also showed the !
need for organized peace, but again !
failed to show any method for this. I
Jim Kessler and Bob Vullicr won j
the first debate of the year for Stan
ford against California Thursday by I
using what Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, 1
contest judge, termed "superior
thought and delivery."
Stanford had the negative side of |
the question: "Resolved, that the j
United Nations at the conclusion of
the war should establish a perma- ,
nent world federation." Jean Gab- !
bert and Richard Wilson, the Cali- j
fornia debate team, spent most of j
their time speaking on the evils of j
imperialism and the treaty of Ver
sailles.
California's team pointed out the
need for a federal union but failed |
to point out why this union would i
work. Stanford claimed that Cali- j
fornia could not prove its plan was i
the best of all peace plans. The I
California debaters also showed the !
need for organized peace, but again !
failed to show any method for this. I
Jim Kessler and Bob Vullicr won j
the first debate of the year for Stan
ford against California Thursday by I
using what Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, 1
contest judge, termed "superior
thought and delivery."
Stanford had the negative side of |
the question: "Resolved, that the j
United Nations at the conclusion of
the war should establish a perma- ,
nent world federation." Jean Gab- !
bert and Richard Wilson, the Cali- j
fornia debate team, spent most of j
their time speaking on the evils of j
imperialism and the treaty of Ver
sailles.
California's team pointed out the
need for a federal union but failed |
to point out why this union would i
work. Stanford claimed that Cali- j
fornia could not prove its plan was i
the best of all peace plans. The I
California debaters also showed the !
need for organized peace, but again !
failed to show any method for this. I
Jim Kessler and Bob Vullicr won j
the first debate of the year for Stan
ford against California Thursday by I
using what Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, 1
contest judge, termed "superior
thought and delivery."
Stanford had the negative side of |
the question: "Resolved, that the j
United Nations at the conclusion of
the war should establish a perma- ,
nent world federation." Jean Gab- !
bert and Richard Wilson, the Cali- j
fornia debate team, spent most of j
their time speaking on the evils of j
imperialism and the treaty of Ver
sailles.
California's team pointed out the
need for a federal union but failed |
to point out why this union would i
work. Stanford claimed that Cali- j
fornia could not prove its plan was i
the best of all peace plans. The I
California debaters also showed the !
need for organized peace, but again !
failed to show any method for this. I
Jim Kessler and Bob Vullicr won j
the first debate of the year for Stan
ford against California Thursday by I
using what Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, 1
contest judge, termed "superior
thought and delivery."
Stanford had the negative side of |
the question: "Resolved, that the j
United Nations at the conclusion of
the war should establish a perma- ,
nent world federation." Jean Gab- !
bert and Richard Wilson, the Cali- j
fornia debate team, spent most of j
their time speaking on the evils of j
imperialism and the treaty of Ver
sailles.
California's team pointed out the
need for a federal union but failed |
to point out why this union would i
work. Stanford claimed that Cali- j
fornia could not prove its plan was i
the best of all peace plans. The I
California debaters also showed the !
need for organized peace, but again !
failed to show any method for this. I
Jim Kessler and Bob Vullicr won j
the first debate of the year for Stan
ford against California Thursday by I
using what Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, 1
contest judge, termed "superior
thought and delivery."
Stanford had the negative side of |
the question: "Resolved, that the j
United Nations at the conclusion of
the war should establish a perma- ,
nent world federation." Jean Gab- !
bert and Richard Wilson, the Cali- j
fornia debate team, spent most of j
their time speaking on the evils of j
imperialism and the treaty of Ver
sailles.
California's team pointed out the
need for a federal union but failed |
to point out why this union would i
work. Stanford claimed that Cali- j
fornia could not prove its plan was i
the best of all peace plans. The I
California debaters also showed the !
need for organized peace, but again !
failed to show any method for this. I
Jim Kessler and Bob Vullicr won j
the first debate of the year for Stan
ford against California Thursday by I
using what Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, 1
contest judge, termed "superior
thought and delivery."
Stanford had the negative side of |
the question: "Resolved, that the j
United Nations at the conclusion of
the war should establish a perma- ,
nent world federation." Jean Gab- !
bert and Richard Wilson, the Cali- j
fornia debate team, spent most of j
their time speaking on the evils of j
imperialism and the treaty of Ver
sailles.
California's team pointed out the
need for a federal union but failed |
to point out why this union would i
work. Stanford claimed that Cali- j
fornia could not prove its plan was i
the best of all peace plans. The I
California debaters also showed the !
need for organized peace, but again !
failed to show any method for this. I
Jim Kessler and Bob Vullicr won j
the first debate of the year for Stan
ford against California Thursday by I
using what Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, 1
contest judge, termed "superior
thought and delivery."
Stanford had the negative side of |
the question: "Resolved, that the j
United Nations at the conclusion of
the war should establish a perma- ,
nent world federation." Jean Gab- !
bert and Richard Wilson, the Cali- j
fornia debate team, spent most of j
their time speaking on the evils of j
imperialism and the treaty of Ver
sailles.
California's team pointed out the
need for a federal union but failed |
to point out why this union would i
work. Stanford claimed that Cali- j
fornia could not prove its plan was i
the best of all peace plans. The I
California debaters also showed the !
need for organized peace, but again !
failed to show any method for this. I
Jim Kessler and Bob Vullicr won j
the first debate of the year for Stan
ford against California Thursday by I
using what Dr. Clyde A. Duniway, 1
contest judge, termed "superior
thought and delivery."
Stanford had the negative side of |
the question: "Resolved, that the j
United Nations at the conclusion of
the war should establish a perma- ,
nent world federation." Jean Gab- !
bert and Richard Wilson, the Cali- j
fornia debate team, spent most of j
their time speaking on the evils of j
imperialism and the treaty of Ver
sailles.
California's team pointed out the
need for a federal union but failed |
to point out why this union would i
work. Stanford claimed that Cali- j
fornia could not prove its plan was i
the best of all peace plans. The I
California debaters also showed the !
need for organized peace, but again !
failed to show any method for this. I
