# Mothers' Club Meets Today at Clubhouse
## 
### 
All Mothers' Club members are
invited to attend the November
meeting of Mothers' Club which will
be held today at 2 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, The meeting will
feature a talk on Mothers' Club fi
nances to be given by Mrs. C. G.
Varnier, and a presentation of "The
New School of Humanities." by its
dean, John W. Dodds.
All Mothers' Club members are
invited to attend the November
meeting of Mothers' Club which will
be held today at 2 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, The meeting will
feature a talk on Mothers' Club fi
nances to be given by Mrs. C. G.
Varnier, and a presentation of "The
New School of Humanities." by its
dean, John W. Dodds.
All Mothers' Club members are
invited to attend the November
meeting of Mothers' Club which will
be held today at 2 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, The meeting will
feature a talk on Mothers' Club fi
nances to be given by Mrs. C. G.
Varnier, and a presentation of "The
New School of Humanities." by its
dean, John W. Dodds.
All Mothers' Club members are
invited to attend the November
meeting of Mothers' Club which will
be held today at 2 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, The meeting will
feature a talk on Mothers' Club fi
nances to be given by Mrs. C. G.
Varnier, and a presentation of "The
New School of Humanities." by its
dean, John W. Dodds.
All Mothers' Club members are
invited to attend the November
meeting of Mothers' Club which will
be held today at 2 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, The meeting will
feature a talk on Mothers' Club fi
nances to be given by Mrs. C. G.
Varnier, and a presentation of "The
New School of Humanities." by its
dean, John W. Dodds.
All Mothers' Club members are
invited to attend the November
meeting of Mothers' Club which will
be held today at 2 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, The meeting will
feature a talk on Mothers' Club fi
nances to be given by Mrs. C. G.
Varnier, and a presentation of "The
New School of Humanities." by its
dean, John W. Dodds.
All Mothers' Club members are
invited to attend the November
meeting of Mothers' Club which will
be held today at 2 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, The meeting will
feature a talk on Mothers' Club fi
nances to be given by Mrs. C. G.
Varnier, and a presentation of "The
New School of Humanities." by its
dean, John W. Dodds.
All Mothers' Club members are
invited to attend the November
meeting of Mothers' Club which will
be held today at 2 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, The meeting will
feature a talk on Mothers' Club fi
nances to be given by Mrs. C. G.
Varnier, and a presentation of "The
New School of Humanities." by its
dean, John W. Dodds.
All Mothers' Club members are
invited to attend the November
meeting of Mothers' Club which will
be held today at 2 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, The meeting will
feature a talk on Mothers' Club fi
nances to be given by Mrs. C. G.
Varnier, and a presentation of "The
New School of Humanities." by its
dean, John W. Dodds.
All Mothers' Club members are
invited to attend the November
meeting of Mothers' Club which will
be held today at 2 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, The meeting will
feature a talk on Mothers' Club fi
nances to be given by Mrs. C. G.
Varnier, and a presentation of "The
New School of Humanities." by its
dean, John W. Dodds.
All Mothers' Club members are
invited to attend the November
meeting of Mothers' Club which will
be held today at 2 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, The meeting will
feature a talk on Mothers' Club fi
nances to be given by Mrs. C. G.
Varnier, and a presentation of "The
New School of Humanities." by its
dean, John W. Dodds.
All Mothers' Club members are
invited to attend the November
meeting of Mothers' Club which will
be held today at 2 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, The meeting will
feature a talk on Mothers' Club fi
nances to be given by Mrs. C. G.
Varnier, and a presentation of "The
New School of Humanities." by its
dean, John W. Dodds.
All Mothers' Club members are
invited to attend the November
meeting of Mothers' Club which will
be held today at 2 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, The meeting will
feature a talk on Mothers' Club fi
nances to be given by Mrs. C. G.
Varnier, and a presentation of "The
New School of Humanities." by its
dean, John W. Dodds.
All Mothers' Club members are
invited to attend the November
meeting of Mothers' Club which will
be held today at 2 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, The meeting will
feature a talk on Mothers' Club fi
nances to be given by Mrs. C. G.
Varnier, and a presentation of "The
New School of Humanities." by its
dean, John W. Dodds.
All Mothers' Club members are
invited to attend the November
meeting of Mothers' Club which will
be held today at 2 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, The meeting will
feature a talk on Mothers' Club fi
nances to be given by Mrs. C. G.
Varnier, and a presentation of "The
New School of Humanities." by its
dean, John W. Dodds.
All Mothers' Club members are
invited to attend the November
meeting of Mothers' Club which will
be held today at 2 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, The meeting will
feature a talk on Mothers' Club fi
nances to be given by Mrs. C. G.
Varnier, and a presentation of "The
New School of Humanities." by its
dean, John W. Dodds.
All Mothers' Club members are
invited to attend the November
meeting of Mothers' Club which will
be held today at 2 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, The meeting will
feature a talk on Mothers' Club fi
nances to be given by Mrs. C. G.
Varnier, and a presentation of "The
New School of Humanities." by its
dean, John W. Dodds.
All Mothers' Club members are
invited to attend the November
meeting of Mothers' Club which will
be held today at 2 p.m. in the Wom
en's Clubhouse, The meeting will
feature a talk on Mothers' Club fi
nances to be given by Mrs. C. G.
Varnier, and a presentation of "The
New School of Humanities." by its
dean, John W. Dodds.
