# Leads Free French
## 
### 

GEN. Henri Giraud is now in Al
geria to organize and lead the
Free French Army in the battle
to clear the French colonies of
North Africa of Axis' armed forces.

GEN. Henri Giraud is now in Al
geria to organize and lead the
Free French Army in the battle
to clear the French colonies of
North Africa of Axis' armed forces.

GEN. Henri Giraud is now in Al
geria to organize and lead the
Free French Army in the battle
to clear the French colonies of
North Africa of Axis' armed forces.

GEN. Henri Giraud is now in Al
geria to organize and lead the
Free French Army in the battle
to clear the French colonies of
North Africa of Axis' armed forces.

GEN. Henri Giraud is now in Al
geria to organize and lead the
Free French Army in the battle
to clear the French colonies of
North Africa of Axis' armed forces.

GEN. Henri Giraud is now in Al
geria to organize and lead the
Free French Army in the battle
to clear the French colonies of
North Africa of Axis' armed forces.

GEN. Henri Giraud is now in Al
geria to organize and lead the
Free French Army in the battle
to clear the French colonies of
North Africa of Axis' armed forces.

GEN. Henri Giraud is now in Al
geria to organize and lead the
Free French Army in the battle
to clear the French colonies of
North Africa of Axis' armed forces.

GEN. Henri Giraud is now in Al
geria to organize and lead the
Free French Army in the battle
to clear the French colonies of
North Africa of Axis' armed forces.

GEN. Henri Giraud is now in Al
geria to organize and lead the
Free French Army in the battle
to clear the French colonies of
North Africa of Axis' armed forces.

GEN. Henri Giraud is now in Al
geria to organize and lead the
Free French Army in the battle
to clear the French colonies of
North Africa of Axis' armed forces.

GEN. Henri Giraud is now in Al
geria to organize and lead the
Free French Army in the battle
to clear the French colonies of
North Africa of Axis' armed forces.

GEN. Henri Giraud is now in Al
geria to organize and lead the
Free French Army in the battle
to clear the French colonies of
North Africa of Axis' armed forces.

GEN. Henri Giraud is now in Al
geria to organize and lead the
Free French Army in the battle
to clear the French colonies of
North Africa of Axis' armed forces.

GEN. Henri Giraud is now in Al
geria to organize and lead the
Free French Army in the battle
to clear the French colonies of
North Africa of Axis' armed forces.

GEN. Henri Giraud is now in Al
geria to organize and lead the
Free French Army in the battle
to clear the French colonies of
North Africa of Axis' armed forces.

GEN. Henri Giraud is now in Al
geria to organize and lead the
Free French Army in the battle
to clear the French colonies of
North Africa of Axis' armed forces.

GEN. Henri Giraud is now in Al
geria to organize and lead the
Free French Army in the battle
to clear the French colonies of
North Africa of Axis' armed forces.
