# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The University of Michigan won the
championship of tlie Central Debating
League.
The University of Chicago lias $],-
000,000 worth of buildings under con
struction.
The University of Michigan won the
championship of tlie Central Debating
League.
The University of Chicago lias $],-
000,000 worth of buildings under con
struction.
The University of Michigan won the
championship of tlie Central Debating
League.
The University of Chicago lias $],-
000,000 worth of buildings under con
struction.
The University of Michigan won the
championship of tlie Central Debating
League.
The University of Chicago lias $],-
000,000 worth of buildings under con
struction.
The University of Michigan won the
championship of tlie Central Debating
League.
The University of Chicago lias $],-
000,000 worth of buildings under con
struction.
The University of Michigan won the
championship of tlie Central Debating
League.
The University of Chicago lias $],-
000,000 worth of buildings under con
struction.
The University of Michigan won the
championship of tlie Central Debating
League.
The University of Chicago lias $],-
000,000 worth of buildings under con
struction.
The University of Michigan won the
championship of tlie Central Debating
League.
The University of Chicago lias $],-
000,000 worth of buildings under con
struction.
The University of Michigan won the
championship of tlie Central Debating
League.
The University of Chicago lias $],-
000,000 worth of buildings under con
struction.
The University of Michigan won the
championship of tlie Central Debating
League.
The University of Chicago lias $],-
000,000 worth of buildings under con
struction.
The University of Michigan won the
championship of tlie Central Debating
League.
The University of Chicago lias $],-
000,000 worth of buildings under con
struction.
The University of Michigan won the
championship of tlie Central Debating
League.
The University of Chicago lias $],-
000,000 worth of buildings under con
struction.
The University of Michigan won the
championship of tlie Central Debating
League.
The University of Chicago lias $],-
000,000 worth of buildings under con
struction.
The University of Michigan won the
championship of tlie Central Debating
League.
The University of Chicago lias $],-
000,000 worth of buildings under con
struction.
