# Varsity Goes to Berkeley.
## 
### 
While the University of Califor
nia in playing Santa Clara here
tomorrow afternoon, the Stanford
Varsity will meet the Olympics at
Berkeley.
While the University of Califor
nia in playing Santa Clara here
tomorrow afternoon, the Stanford
Varsity will meet the Olympics at
Berkeley.
While the University of Califor
nia in playing Santa Clara here
tomorrow afternoon, the Stanford
Varsity will meet the Olympics at
Berkeley.
While the University of Califor
nia in playing Santa Clara here
tomorrow afternoon, the Stanford
Varsity will meet the Olympics at
Berkeley.
While the University of Califor
nia in playing Santa Clara here
tomorrow afternoon, the Stanford
Varsity will meet the Olympics at
Berkeley.
While the University of Califor
nia in playing Santa Clara here
tomorrow afternoon, the Stanford
Varsity will meet the Olympics at
Berkeley.
While the University of Califor
nia in playing Santa Clara here
tomorrow afternoon, the Stanford
Varsity will meet the Olympics at
Berkeley.
