# Rev. Jenness Preaches Sunday.
## 
### 
The sermon on Sunday (Found
er's day) will be given by the Rev.
James F. Jenness of the Methodist
church, Palo Alto. Mr. Jenness
entered Stanford at the opening of
the University, in 1891, with ad
vanced standing from the Univer
sity of the Pacific, and was gradu
ated with the first class in June,
1902. He then entered Boston
University Theological School re
ceiving the degree of S. T. B. in
1897. In 1897-98 he was professor
of church history in the 11 iff
School of Theology of Denver Uni
versity. In 1898 he went to South
America to organize a theological
seminary for the M. E. church; but
these plans not maturing, he was
settled as pastor of the M. E.
church in Rosario, Argentine Re
public. Las fall Mr. Jenness re
turned to California to become
pastor of the Methodist church in
Palo Alto.
