# FINDS T. B. VACCINE
## 
### 

Dr. William D. Frost, agricultural
bacteriologist at I lie University of
Wisconsin, who, after 2!) years of re
search, lias developed a vaccine that
gives promise nL ! controling tubercu
losis at least in part. It lias not yet
been tried on humans.

Dr. William D. Frost, agricultural
bacteriologist at I lie University of
Wisconsin, who, after 2!) years of re
search, lias developed a vaccine that
gives promise nL ! controling tubercu
losis at least in part. It lias not yet
been tried on humans.

Dr. William D. Frost, agricultural
bacteriologist at I lie University of
Wisconsin, who, after 2!) years of re
search, lias developed a vaccine that
gives promise nL ! controling tubercu
losis at least in part. It lias not yet
been tried on humans.

Dr. William D. Frost, agricultural
bacteriologist at I lie University of
Wisconsin, who, after 2!) years of re
search, lias developed a vaccine that
gives promise nL ! controling tubercu
losis at least in part. It lias not yet
been tried on humans.

Dr. William D. Frost, agricultural
bacteriologist at I lie University of
Wisconsin, who, after 2!) years of re
search, lias developed a vaccine that
gives promise nL ! controling tubercu
losis at least in part. It lias not yet
been tried on humans.

Dr. William D. Frost, agricultural
bacteriologist at I lie University of
Wisconsin, who, after 2!) years of re
search, lias developed a vaccine that
gives promise nL ! controling tubercu
losis at least in part. It lias not yet
been tried on humans.

Dr. William D. Frost, agricultural
bacteriologist at I lie University of
Wisconsin, who, after 2!) years of re
search, lias developed a vaccine that
gives promise nL ! controling tubercu
losis at least in part. It lias not yet
been tried on humans.

Dr. William D. Frost, agricultural
bacteriologist at I lie University of
Wisconsin, who, after 2!) years of re
search, lias developed a vaccine that
gives promise nL ! controling tubercu
losis at least in part. It lias not yet
been tried on humans.

Dr. William D. Frost, agricultural
bacteriologist at I lie University of
Wisconsin, who, after 2!) years of re
search, lias developed a vaccine that
gives promise nL ! controling tubercu
losis at least in part. It lias not yet
been tried on humans.

Dr. William D. Frost, agricultural
bacteriologist at I lie University of
Wisconsin, who, after 2!) years of re
search, lias developed a vaccine that
gives promise nL ! controling tubercu
losis at least in part. It lias not yet
been tried on humans.

Dr. William D. Frost, agricultural
bacteriologist at I lie University of
Wisconsin, who, after 2!) years of re
search, lias developed a vaccine that
gives promise nL ! controling tubercu
losis at least in part. It lias not yet
been tried on humans.

Dr. William D. Frost, agricultural
bacteriologist at I lie University of
Wisconsin, who, after 2!) years of re
search, lias developed a vaccine that
gives promise nL ! controling tubercu
losis at least in part. It lias not yet
been tried on humans.

Dr. William D. Frost, agricultural
bacteriologist at I lie University of
Wisconsin, who, after 2!) years of re
search, lias developed a vaccine that
gives promise nL ! controling tubercu
losis at least in part. It lias not yet
been tried on humans.

Dr. William D. Frost, agricultural
bacteriologist at I lie University of
Wisconsin, who, after 2!) years of re
search, lias developed a vaccine that
gives promise nL ! controling tubercu
losis at least in part. It lias not yet
been tried on humans.
