# STANFORD ATHLETE KILLED IN ACCIDENT AT BEVERLY HILLS
## 
### 
I
Lowry Rothert, a member of the 1931 j
freshman football team, was killed in j
an automobile accident in Beverley;
Hills last Friday. Gordon Smith, driver
of the car, and Richard Jones, another i
occupant, were seriously injured, but ]
will recover.
Rothert is a brother of Harlow Roth- ;
ert, former Card football, basketball, i
and track star, who qualified for the!
United States Olympic track and field I
team in the shot put. Lowry was ex
pected to carry on his big brother's;
reputation on the gridiron, judging j
from his record on the frosh team.
I
Lowry Rothert, a member of the 1931 j
freshman football team, was killed in j
an automobile accident in Beverley;
Hills last Friday. Gordon Smith, driver
of the car, and Richard Jones, another i
occupant, were seriously injured, but ]
will recover.
Rothert is a brother of Harlow Roth- ;
ert, former Card football, basketball, i
and track star, who qualified for the!
United States Olympic track and field I
team in the shot put. Lowry was ex
pected to carry on his big brother's;
reputation on the gridiron, judging j
from his record on the frosh team.
I
Lowry Rothert, a member of the 1931 j
freshman football team, was killed in j
an automobile accident in Beverley;
Hills last Friday. Gordon Smith, driver
of the car, and Richard Jones, another i
occupant, were seriously injured, but ]
will recover.
Rothert is a brother of Harlow Roth- ;
ert, former Card football, basketball, i
and track star, who qualified for the!
United States Olympic track and field I
team in the shot put. Lowry was ex
pected to carry on his big brother's;
reputation on the gridiron, judging j
from his record on the frosh team.
I
Lowry Rothert, a member of the 1931 j
freshman football team, was killed in j
an automobile accident in Beverley;
Hills last Friday. Gordon Smith, driver
of the car, and Richard Jones, another i
occupant, were seriously injured, but ]
will recover.
Rothert is a brother of Harlow Roth- ;
ert, former Card football, basketball, i
and track star, who qualified for the!
United States Olympic track and field I
team in the shot put. Lowry was ex
pected to carry on his big brother's;
reputation on the gridiron, judging j
from his record on the frosh team.
I
Lowry Rothert, a member of the 1931 j
freshman football team, was killed in j
an automobile accident in Beverley;
Hills last Friday. Gordon Smith, driver
of the car, and Richard Jones, another i
occupant, were seriously injured, but ]
will recover.
Rothert is a brother of Harlow Roth- ;
ert, former Card football, basketball, i
and track star, who qualified for the!
United States Olympic track and field I
team in the shot put. Lowry was ex
pected to carry on his big brother's;
reputation on the gridiron, judging j
from his record on the frosh team.
I
Lowry Rothert, a member of the 1931 j
freshman football team, was killed in j
an automobile accident in Beverley;
Hills last Friday. Gordon Smith, driver
of the car, and Richard Jones, another i
occupant, were seriously injured, but ]
will recover.
Rothert is a brother of Harlow Roth- ;
ert, former Card football, basketball, i
and track star, who qualified for the!
United States Olympic track and field I
team in the shot put. Lowry was ex
pected to carry on his big brother's;
reputation on the gridiron, judging j
from his record on the frosh team.
I
Lowry Rothert, a member of the 1931 j
freshman football team, was killed in j
an automobile accident in Beverley;
Hills last Friday. Gordon Smith, driver
of the car, and Richard Jones, another i
occupant, were seriously injured, but ]
will recover.
Rothert is a brother of Harlow Roth- ;
ert, former Card football, basketball, i
and track star, who qualified for the!
United States Olympic track and field I
team in the shot put. Lowry was ex
pected to carry on his big brother's;
reputation on the gridiron, judging j
from his record on the frosh team.
I
Lowry Rothert, a member of the 1931 j
freshman football team, was killed in j
an automobile accident in Beverley;
Hills last Friday. Gordon Smith, driver
of the car, and Richard Jones, another i
occupant, were seriously injured, but ]
will recover.
Rothert is a brother of Harlow Roth- ;
ert, former Card football, basketball, i
and track star, who qualified for the!
United States Olympic track and field I
team in the shot put. Lowry was ex
pected to carry on his big brother's;
reputation on the gridiron, judging j
from his record on the frosh team.
I
Lowry Rothert, a member of the 1931 j
freshman football team, was killed in j
an automobile accident in Beverley;
Hills last Friday. Gordon Smith, driver
of the car, and Richard Jones, another i
occupant, were seriously injured, but ]
will recover.
Rothert is a brother of Harlow Roth- ;
ert, former Card football, basketball, i
and track star, who qualified for the!
United States Olympic track and field I
team in the shot put. Lowry was ex
pected to carry on his big brother's;
reputation on the gridiron, judging j
from his record on the frosh team.
I
Lowry Rothert, a member of the 1931 j
freshman football team, was killed in j
an automobile accident in Beverley;
Hills last Friday. Gordon Smith, driver
of the car, and Richard Jones, another i
occupant, were seriously injured, but ]
will recover.
Rothert is a brother of Harlow Roth- ;
ert, former Card football, basketball, i
and track star, who qualified for the!
United States Olympic track and field I
team in the shot put. Lowry was ex
pected to carry on his big brother's;
reputation on the gridiron, judging j
from his record on the frosh team.
I
Lowry Rothert, a member of the 1931 j
freshman football team, was killed in j
an automobile accident in Beverley;
Hills last Friday. Gordon Smith, driver
of the car, and Richard Jones, another i
occupant, were seriously injured, but ]
will recover.
Rothert is a brother of Harlow Roth- ;
ert, former Card football, basketball, i
and track star, who qualified for the!
United States Olympic track and field I
team in the shot put. Lowry was ex
pected to carry on his big brother's;
reputation on the gridiron, judging j
from his record on the frosh team.
I
Lowry Rothert, a member of the 1931 j
freshman football team, was killed in j
an automobile accident in Beverley;
Hills last Friday. Gordon Smith, driver
of the car, and Richard Jones, another i
occupant, were seriously injured, but ]
will recover.
Rothert is a brother of Harlow Roth- ;
ert, former Card football, basketball, i
and track star, who qualified for the!
United States Olympic track and field I
team in the shot put. Lowry was ex
pected to carry on his big brother's;
reputation on the gridiron, judging j
from his record on the frosh team.
I
Lowry Rothert, a member of the 1931 j
freshman football team, was killed in j
an automobile accident in Beverley;
Hills last Friday. Gordon Smith, driver
of the car, and Richard Jones, another i
occupant, were seriously injured, but ]
will recover.
Rothert is a brother of Harlow Roth- ;
ert, former Card football, basketball, i
and track star, who qualified for the!
United States Olympic track and field I
team in the shot put. Lowry was ex
pected to carry on his big brother's;
reputation on the gridiron, judging j
from his record on the frosh team.
I
Lowry Rothert, a member of the 1931 j
freshman football team, was killed in j
an automobile accident in Beverley;
Hills last Friday. Gordon Smith, driver
of the car, and Richard Jones, another i
occupant, were seriously injured, but ]
will recover.
Rothert is a brother of Harlow Roth- ;
ert, former Card football, basketball, i
and track star, who qualified for the!
United States Olympic track and field I
team in the shot put. Lowry was ex
pected to carry on his big brother's;
reputation on the gridiron, judging j
from his record on the frosh team.
