# Scenes and Persons in the Current News
## 
### 

I—Members of the bonus army in Washington.taking advantage of the offer of free transportation to their homes
after congress had appropriated $100,000 for the purpose. - —Scene in Vernon, Ind., after a tornado that wrecked
many homes and injured a number of persons. 3—John U Rockefeller, Sr., photographed at his home in Pocantico, |
N. Y., on iiis uinety-tliird birthday.

I—Members of the bonus army in Washington.taking advantage of the offer of free transportation to their homes
after congress had appropriated $100,000 for the purpose. - —Scene in Vernon, Ind., after a tornado that wrecked
many homes and injured a number of persons. 3—John U Rockefeller, Sr., photographed at his home in Pocantico, |
N. Y., on iiis uinety-tliird birthday.

I—Members of the bonus army in Washington.taking advantage of the offer of free transportation to their homes
after congress had appropriated $100,000 for the purpose. - —Scene in Vernon, Ind., after a tornado that wrecked
many homes and injured a number of persons. 3—John U Rockefeller, Sr., photographed at his home in Pocantico, |
N. Y., on iiis uinety-tliird birthday.

I—Members of the bonus army in Washington.taking advantage of the offer of free transportation to their homes
after congress had appropriated $100,000 for the purpose. - —Scene in Vernon, Ind., after a tornado that wrecked
many homes and injured a number of persons. 3—John U Rockefeller, Sr., photographed at his home in Pocantico, |
N. Y., on iiis uinety-tliird birthday.

I—Members of the bonus army in Washington.taking advantage of the offer of free transportation to their homes
after congress had appropriated $100,000 for the purpose. - —Scene in Vernon, Ind., after a tornado that wrecked
many homes and injured a number of persons. 3—John U Rockefeller, Sr., photographed at his home in Pocantico, |
N. Y., on iiis uinety-tliird birthday.

I—Members of the bonus army in Washington.taking advantage of the offer of free transportation to their homes
after congress had appropriated $100,000 for the purpose. - —Scene in Vernon, Ind., after a tornado that wrecked
many homes and injured a number of persons. 3—John U Rockefeller, Sr., photographed at his home in Pocantico, |
N. Y., on iiis uinety-tliird birthday.

I—Members of the bonus army in Washington.taking advantage of the offer of free transportation to their homes
after congress had appropriated $100,000 for the purpose. - —Scene in Vernon, Ind., after a tornado that wrecked
many homes and injured a number of persons. 3—John U Rockefeller, Sr., photographed at his home in Pocantico, |
N. Y., on iiis uinety-tliird birthday.

I—Members of the bonus army in Washington.taking advantage of the offer of free transportation to their homes
after congress had appropriated $100,000 for the purpose. - —Scene in Vernon, Ind., after a tornado that wrecked
many homes and injured a number of persons. 3—John U Rockefeller, Sr., photographed at his home in Pocantico, |
N. Y., on iiis uinety-tliird birthday.

I—Members of the bonus army in Washington.taking advantage of the offer of free transportation to their homes
after congress had appropriated $100,000 for the purpose. - —Scene in Vernon, Ind., after a tornado that wrecked
many homes and injured a number of persons. 3—John U Rockefeller, Sr., photographed at his home in Pocantico, |
N. Y., on iiis uinety-tliird birthday.

I—Members of the bonus army in Washington.taking advantage of the offer of free transportation to their homes
after congress had appropriated $100,000 for the purpose. - —Scene in Vernon, Ind., after a tornado that wrecked
many homes and injured a number of persons. 3—John U Rockefeller, Sr., photographed at his home in Pocantico, |
N. Y., on iiis uinety-tliird birthday.

I—Members of the bonus army in Washington.taking advantage of the offer of free transportation to their homes
after congress had appropriated $100,000 for the purpose. - —Scene in Vernon, Ind., after a tornado that wrecked
many homes and injured a number of persons. 3—John U Rockefeller, Sr., photographed at his home in Pocantico, |
N. Y., on iiis uinety-tliird birthday.

I—Members of the bonus army in Washington.taking advantage of the offer of free transportation to their homes
after congress had appropriated $100,000 for the purpose. - —Scene in Vernon, Ind., after a tornado that wrecked
many homes and injured a number of persons. 3—John U Rockefeller, Sr., photographed at his home in Pocantico, |
N. Y., on iiis uinety-tliird birthday.

I—Members of the bonus army in Washington.taking advantage of the offer of free transportation to their homes
after congress had appropriated $100,000 for the purpose. - —Scene in Vernon, Ind., after a tornado that wrecked
many homes and injured a number of persons. 3—John U Rockefeller, Sr., photographed at his home in Pocantico, |
N. Y., on iiis uinety-tliird birthday.

I—Members of the bonus army in Washington.taking advantage of the offer of free transportation to their homes
after congress had appropriated $100,000 for the purpose. - —Scene in Vernon, Ind., after a tornado that wrecked
many homes and injured a number of persons. 3—John U Rockefeller, Sr., photographed at his home in Pocantico, |
N. Y., on iiis uinety-tliird birthday.
