# EDUCATION CLUB TO MEET
## 
### 
"Observations of Leadership' will be
discussed by Einar William Jacobson
of the Oakland city schools when he
speaks at the regular luncheon of the
School of Education in the Union
Wednesday noon.
"Observations of Leadership' will be
discussed by Einar William Jacobson
of the Oakland city schools when he
speaks at the regular luncheon of the
School of Education in the Union
Wednesday noon.
"Observations of Leadership' will be
discussed by Einar William Jacobson
of the Oakland city schools when he
speaks at the regular luncheon of the
School of Education in the Union
Wednesday noon.
"Observations of Leadership' will be
discussed by Einar William Jacobson
of the Oakland city schools when he
speaks at the regular luncheon of the
School of Education in the Union
Wednesday noon.
"Observations of Leadership' will be
discussed by Einar William Jacobson
of the Oakland city schools when he
speaks at the regular luncheon of the
School of Education in the Union
Wednesday noon.
"Observations of Leadership' will be
discussed by Einar William Jacobson
of the Oakland city schools when he
speaks at the regular luncheon of the
School of Education in the Union
Wednesday noon.
"Observations of Leadership' will be
discussed by Einar William Jacobson
of the Oakland city schools when he
speaks at the regular luncheon of the
School of Education in the Union
Wednesday noon.
"Observations of Leadership' will be
discussed by Einar William Jacobson
of the Oakland city schools when he
speaks at the regular luncheon of the
School of Education in the Union
Wednesday noon.
"Observations of Leadership' will be
discussed by Einar William Jacobson
of the Oakland city schools when he
speaks at the regular luncheon of the
School of Education in the Union
Wednesday noon.
"Observations of Leadership' will be
discussed by Einar William Jacobson
of the Oakland city schools when he
speaks at the regular luncheon of the
School of Education in the Union
Wednesday noon.
"Observations of Leadership' will be
discussed by Einar William Jacobson
of the Oakland city schools when he
speaks at the regular luncheon of the
School of Education in the Union
Wednesday noon.
"Observations of Leadership' will be
discussed by Einar William Jacobson
of the Oakland city schools when he
speaks at the regular luncheon of the
School of Education in the Union
Wednesday noon.
"Observations of Leadership' will be
discussed by Einar William Jacobson
of the Oakland city schools when he
speaks at the regular luncheon of the
School of Education in the Union
Wednesday noon.
"Observations of Leadership' will be
discussed by Einar William Jacobson
of the Oakland city schools when he
speaks at the regular luncheon of the
School of Education in the Union
Wednesday noon.
