# Untitled Article
## 
### 
I'm not denying women are
fools, God Almighty made 'em
to mateli the men. — George
Eliot.
I'm not denying women are
fools, God Almighty made 'em
to mateli the men. — George
Eliot.
I'm not denying women are
fools, God Almighty made 'em
to mateli the men. — George
Eliot.
I'm not denying women are
fools, God Almighty made 'em
to mateli the men. — George
Eliot.
I'm not denying women are
fools, God Almighty made 'em
to mateli the men. — George
Eliot.
I'm not denying women are
fools, God Almighty made 'em
to mateli the men. — George
Eliot.
I'm not denying women are
fools, God Almighty made 'em
to mateli the men. — George
Eliot.
I'm not denying women are
fools, God Almighty made 'em
to mateli the men. — George
Eliot.
I'm not denying women are
fools, God Almighty made 'em
to mateli the men. — George
Eliot.
I'm not denying women are
fools, God Almighty made 'em
to mateli the men. — George
Eliot.
I'm not denying women are
fools, God Almighty made 'em
to mateli the men. — George
Eliot.
I'm not denying women are
fools, God Almighty made 'em
to mateli the men. — George
Eliot.
I'm not denying women are
fools, God Almighty made 'em
to mateli the men. — George
Eliot.
