# INSIDE
## 
### 
Unofficial
Long lines for Latvians are
unusual only because they
seek opposing news.
See World & Nation, page 3

Unabashed
Ballroom dancers take to
the Old Union Clubhouse
floor with the Dance Club.
See Features, page 7

Unlikely
Analysts say a Cardinal win
over No. 10 USC is as
probable as Volpe playing.
See Sports, page 9

Unofficial
Long lines for Latvians are
unusual only because they
seek opposing news.
See World & Nation, page 3

Unabashed
Ballroom dancers take to
the Old Union Clubhouse
floor with the Dance Club.
See Features, page 7

Unlikely
Analysts say a Cardinal win
over No. 10 USC is as
probable as Volpe playing.
See Sports, page 9

Unofficial
Long lines for Latvians are
unusual only because they
seek opposing news.
See World & Nation, page 3

Unabashed
Ballroom dancers take to
the Old Union Clubhouse
floor with the Dance Club.
See Features, page 7

Unlikely
Analysts say a Cardinal win
over No. 10 USC is as
probable as Volpe playing.
See Sports, page 9

Unofficial
Long lines for Latvians are
unusual only because they
seek opposing news.
See World & Nation, page 3

Unabashed
Ballroom dancers take to
the Old Union Clubhouse
floor with the Dance Club.
See Features, page 7

Unlikely
Analysts say a Cardinal win
over No. 10 USC is as
probable as Volpe playing.
See Sports, page 9

Unofficial
Long lines for Latvians are
unusual only because they
seek opposing news.
See World & Nation, page 3

Unabashed
Ballroom dancers take to
the Old Union Clubhouse
floor with the Dance Club.
See Features, page 7

Unlikely
Analysts say a Cardinal win
over No. 10 USC is as
probable as Volpe playing.
See Sports, page 9

Unofficial
Long lines for Latvians are
unusual only because they
seek opposing news.
See World & Nation, page 3

Unabashed
Ballroom dancers take to
the Old Union Clubhouse
floor with the Dance Club.
See Features, page 7

Unlikely
Analysts say a Cardinal win
over No. 10 USC is as
probable as Volpe playing.
See Sports, page 9

Unofficial
Long lines for Latvians are
unusual only because they
seek opposing news.
See World & Nation, page 3

Unabashed
Ballroom dancers take to
the Old Union Clubhouse
floor with the Dance Club.
See Features, page 7

Unlikely
Analysts say a Cardinal win
over No. 10 USC is as
probable as Volpe playing.
See Sports, page 9

Unofficial
Long lines for Latvians are
unusual only because they
seek opposing news.
See World & Nation, page 3

Unabashed
Ballroom dancers take to
the Old Union Clubhouse
floor with the Dance Club.
See Features, page 7

Unlikely
Analysts say a Cardinal win
over No. 10 USC is as
probable as Volpe playing.
See Sports, page 9

