# FROSH BASEBALL OPENS
## 
### 
Freshman baseball practice will
start at the beginning of next quar
ter and all those intending to try
out for the team are advised to sign
up for freshman baseball at that
lime. Each individual is to supply
his own glove, as all other equip
ment is supplied by the Board of
Athletic Control. At the present
time some 20 practice games are be
ing scheduled and a successful sea
son is anticipated by Coaches Harry
Shipkey and Bob Grayson.
Freshman baseball practice will
start at the beginning of next quar
ter and all those intending to try
out for the team are advised to sign
up for freshman baseball at that
lime. Each individual is to supply
his own glove, as all other equip
ment is supplied by the Board of
Athletic Control. At the present
time some 20 practice games are be
ing scheduled and a successful sea
son is anticipated by Coaches Harry
Shipkey and Bob Grayson.
Freshman baseball practice will
start at the beginning of next quar
ter and all those intending to try
out for the team are advised to sign
up for freshman baseball at that
lime. Each individual is to supply
his own glove, as all other equip
ment is supplied by the Board of
Athletic Control. At the present
time some 20 practice games are be
ing scheduled and a successful sea
son is anticipated by Coaches Harry
Shipkey and Bob Grayson.
Freshman baseball practice will
start at the beginning of next quar
ter and all those intending to try
out for the team are advised to sign
up for freshman baseball at that
lime. Each individual is to supply
his own glove, as all other equip
ment is supplied by the Board of
Athletic Control. At the present
time some 20 practice games are be
ing scheduled and a successful sea
son is anticipated by Coaches Harry
Shipkey and Bob Grayson.
Freshman baseball practice will
start at the beginning of next quar
ter and all those intending to try
out for the team are advised to sign
up for freshman baseball at that
lime. Each individual is to supply
his own glove, as all other equip
ment is supplied by the Board of
Athletic Control. At the present
time some 20 practice games are be
ing scheduled and a successful sea
son is anticipated by Coaches Harry
Shipkey and Bob Grayson.
Freshman baseball practice will
start at the beginning of next quar
ter and all those intending to try
out for the team are advised to sign
up for freshman baseball at that
lime. Each individual is to supply
his own glove, as all other equip
ment is supplied by the Board of
Athletic Control. At the present
time some 20 practice games are be
ing scheduled and a successful sea
son is anticipated by Coaches Harry
Shipkey and Bob Grayson.
Freshman baseball practice will
start at the beginning of next quar
ter and all those intending to try
out for the team are advised to sign
up for freshman baseball at that
lime. Each individual is to supply
his own glove, as all other equip
ment is supplied by the Board of
Athletic Control. At the present
time some 20 practice games are be
ing scheduled and a successful sea
son is anticipated by Coaches Harry
Shipkey and Bob Grayson.
Freshman baseball practice will
start at the beginning of next quar
ter and all those intending to try
out for the team are advised to sign
up for freshman baseball at that
lime. Each individual is to supply
his own glove, as all other equip
ment is supplied by the Board of
Athletic Control. At the present
time some 20 practice games are be
ing scheduled and a successful sea
son is anticipated by Coaches Harry
Shipkey and Bob Grayson.
Freshman baseball practice will
start at the beginning of next quar
ter and all those intending to try
out for the team are advised to sign
up for freshman baseball at that
lime. Each individual is to supply
his own glove, as all other equip
ment is supplied by the Board of
Athletic Control. At the present
time some 20 practice games are be
ing scheduled and a successful sea
son is anticipated by Coaches Harry
Shipkey and Bob Grayson.
Freshman baseball practice will
start at the beginning of next quar
ter and all those intending to try
out for the team are advised to sign
up for freshman baseball at that
lime. Each individual is to supply
his own glove, as all other equip
ment is supplied by the Board of
Athletic Control. At the present
time some 20 practice games are be
ing scheduled and a successful sea
son is anticipated by Coaches Harry
Shipkey and Bob Grayson.
Freshman baseball practice will
start at the beginning of next quar
ter and all those intending to try
out for the team are advised to sign
up for freshman baseball at that
lime. Each individual is to supply
his own glove, as all other equip
ment is supplied by the Board of
Athletic Control. At the present
time some 20 practice games are be
ing scheduled and a successful sea
son is anticipated by Coaches Harry
Shipkey and Bob Grayson.
Freshman baseball practice will
start at the beginning of next quar
ter and all those intending to try
out for the team are advised to sign
up for freshman baseball at that
lime. Each individual is to supply
his own glove, as all other equip
ment is supplied by the Board of
Athletic Control. At the present
time some 20 practice games are be
ing scheduled and a successful sea
son is anticipated by Coaches Harry
Shipkey and Bob Grayson.
Freshman baseball practice will
start at the beginning of next quar
ter and all those intending to try
out for the team are advised to sign
up for freshman baseball at that
lime. Each individual is to supply
his own glove, as all other equip
ment is supplied by the Board of
Athletic Control. At the present
time some 20 practice games are be
ing scheduled and a successful sea
son is anticipated by Coaches Harry
Shipkey and Bob Grayson.
Freshman baseball practice will
start at the beginning of next quar
ter and all those intending to try
out for the team are advised to sign
up for freshman baseball at that
lime. Each individual is to supply
his own glove, as all other equip
ment is supplied by the Board of
Athletic Control. At the present
time some 20 practice games are be
ing scheduled and a successful sea
son is anticipated by Coaches Harry
Shipkey and Bob Grayson.
Freshman baseball practice will
start at the beginning of next quar
ter and all those intending to try
out for the team are advised to sign
up for freshman baseball at that
lime. Each individual is to supply
his own glove, as all other equip
ment is supplied by the Board of
Athletic Control. At the present
time some 20 practice games are be
ing scheduled and a successful sea
son is anticipated by Coaches Harry
Shipkey and Bob Grayson.
