# DOUBLE TROUBLE
## 
### 
PINE BLUFF. Ark., Nov. 29 (UP).
—Robert and Raymond Hutson, twin
brothers of Don, Green Bay Packer
end, are halfbacks on teh local high
school team.

The oldest Spanish University is
that of Salamanca.
PINE BLUFF. Ark., Nov. 29 (UP).
—Robert and Raymond Hutson, twin
brothers of Don, Green Bay Packer
end, are halfbacks on teh local high
school team.

The oldest Spanish University is
that of Salamanca.
PINE BLUFF. Ark., Nov. 29 (UP).
—Robert and Raymond Hutson, twin
brothers of Don, Green Bay Packer
end, are halfbacks on teh local high
school team.

The oldest Spanish University is
that of Salamanca.
PINE BLUFF. Ark., Nov. 29 (UP).
—Robert and Raymond Hutson, twin
brothers of Don, Green Bay Packer
end, are halfbacks on teh local high
school team.

The oldest Spanish University is
that of Salamanca.
PINE BLUFF. Ark., Nov. 29 (UP).
—Robert and Raymond Hutson, twin
brothers of Don, Green Bay Packer
end, are halfbacks on teh local high
school team.

The oldest Spanish University is
that of Salamanca.
PINE BLUFF. Ark., Nov. 29 (UP).
—Robert and Raymond Hutson, twin
brothers of Don, Green Bay Packer
end, are halfbacks on teh local high
school team.

The oldest Spanish University is
that of Salamanca.
PINE BLUFF. Ark., Nov. 29 (UP).
—Robert and Raymond Hutson, twin
brothers of Don, Green Bay Packer
end, are halfbacks on teh local high
school team.

The oldest Spanish University is
that of Salamanca.
PINE BLUFF. Ark., Nov. 29 (UP).
—Robert and Raymond Hutson, twin
brothers of Don, Green Bay Packer
end, are halfbacks on teh local high
school team.

The oldest Spanish University is
that of Salamanca.
PINE BLUFF. Ark., Nov. 29 (UP).
—Robert and Raymond Hutson, twin
brothers of Don, Green Bay Packer
end, are halfbacks on teh local high
school team.

The oldest Spanish University is
that of Salamanca.
PINE BLUFF. Ark., Nov. 29 (UP).
—Robert and Raymond Hutson, twin
brothers of Don, Green Bay Packer
end, are halfbacks on teh local high
school team.

The oldest Spanish University is
that of Salamanca.
PINE BLUFF. Ark., Nov. 29 (UP).
—Robert and Raymond Hutson, twin
brothers of Don, Green Bay Packer
end, are halfbacks on teh local high
school team.

The oldest Spanish University is
that of Salamanca.
PINE BLUFF. Ark., Nov. 29 (UP).
—Robert and Raymond Hutson, twin
brothers of Don, Green Bay Packer
end, are halfbacks on teh local high
school team.

The oldest Spanish University is
that of Salamanca.
PINE BLUFF. Ark., Nov. 29 (UP).
—Robert and Raymond Hutson, twin
brothers of Don, Green Bay Packer
end, are halfbacks on teh local high
school team.

The oldest Spanish University is
that of Salamanca.
PINE BLUFF. Ark., Nov. 29 (UP).
—Robert and Raymond Hutson, twin
brothers of Don, Green Bay Packer
end, are halfbacks on teh local high
school team.

The oldest Spanish University is
that of Salamanca.
PINE BLUFF. Ark., Nov. 29 (UP).
—Robert and Raymond Hutson, twin
brothers of Don, Green Bay Packer
end, are halfbacks on teh local high
school team.

The oldest Spanish University is
that of Salamanca.
