# MOONEY SEEKS WRIT
## 
### 
WASHINIGITIOIN, Nov. 2 I J (UP).
Counsel for Tom Mooney asked the
Supreme Court today for an original
writ of habeas corpus to free him
from his life imprisonment sentence.
WASHINIGITIOIN, Nov. 2 I J (UP).
Counsel for Tom Mooney asked the
Supreme Court today for an original
writ of habeas corpus to free him
from his life imprisonment sentence.
WASHINIGITIOIN, Nov. 2 I J (UP).
Counsel for Tom Mooney asked the
Supreme Court today for an original
writ of habeas corpus to free him
from his life imprisonment sentence.
WASHINIGITIOIN, Nov. 2 I J (UP).
Counsel for Tom Mooney asked the
Supreme Court today for an original
writ of habeas corpus to free him
from his life imprisonment sentence.
WASHINIGITIOIN, Nov. 2 I J (UP).
Counsel for Tom Mooney asked the
Supreme Court today for an original
writ of habeas corpus to free him
from his life imprisonment sentence.
WASHINIGITIOIN, Nov. 2 I J (UP).
Counsel for Tom Mooney asked the
Supreme Court today for an original
writ of habeas corpus to free him
from his life imprisonment sentence.
WASHINIGITIOIN, Nov. 2 I J (UP).
Counsel for Tom Mooney asked the
Supreme Court today for an original
writ of habeas corpus to free him
from his life imprisonment sentence.
WASHINIGITIOIN, Nov. 2 I J (UP).
Counsel for Tom Mooney asked the
Supreme Court today for an original
writ of habeas corpus to free him
from his life imprisonment sentence.
WASHINIGITIOIN, Nov. 2 I J (UP).
Counsel for Tom Mooney asked the
Supreme Court today for an original
writ of habeas corpus to free him
from his life imprisonment sentence.
WASHINIGITIOIN, Nov. 2 I J (UP).
Counsel for Tom Mooney asked the
Supreme Court today for an original
writ of habeas corpus to free him
from his life imprisonment sentence.
WASHINIGITIOIN, Nov. 2 I J (UP).
Counsel for Tom Mooney asked the
Supreme Court today for an original
writ of habeas corpus to free him
from his life imprisonment sentence.
WASHINIGITIOIN, Nov. 2 I J (UP).
Counsel for Tom Mooney asked the
Supreme Court today for an original
writ of habeas corpus to free him
from his life imprisonment sentence.
WASHINIGITIOIN, Nov. 2 I J (UP).
Counsel for Tom Mooney asked the
Supreme Court today for an original
writ of habeas corpus to free him
from his life imprisonment sentence.
WASHINIGITIOIN, Nov. 2 I J (UP).
Counsel for Tom Mooney asked the
Supreme Court today for an original
writ of habeas corpus to free him
from his life imprisonment sentence.
WASHINIGITIOIN, Nov. 2 I J (UP).
Counsel for Tom Mooney asked the
Supreme Court today for an original
writ of habeas corpus to free him
from his life imprisonment sentence.
