# Mills' Offer Folk Concert
## 
### 
Something new in the Tuesday
evening lecture series was presented
last night when Elizabeth and Har
low Mills, dressed in colorful Ru
manian costumes, presented a lec
ture-recital of Rumanian and Hun
garian folk music in Memorial Hall
auditorium.
The program alternated with
Elizabeth Mills performing with the
violin and Harlow Mills giving the
piano presentations, consisting of
several folk songs and dances. Mr.
and Mrs. Mills introduced the num
bers in a very informal manner,
telling a bit about the composer or
the legend of the composition.
Included in the program were
Brahms' famous Hungarian Dance
No. 7 and the Hungarian Rhapsody
No. G by Liszt.
