# CAP AND GOWN
## 
### 
Cap and Gown, the
organization which raises
money for women's
scholarships, is having it's
annual tea today at 3:30 p.m.
at President Lyman's house.
The topic of discussion is
"Stanford women — then and
now." The Cap and Gown
Calendar is currently on sale
at the bookstore, and the
proceeds from its sale will be
used to fund the scholarships.
Cap and Gown, the
organization which raises
money for women's
scholarships, is having it's
annual tea today at 3:30 p.m.
at President Lyman's house.
The topic of discussion is
"Stanford women — then and
now." The Cap and Gown
Calendar is currently on sale
at the bookstore, and the
proceeds from its sale will be
used to fund the scholarships.
Cap and Gown, the
organization which raises
money for women's
scholarships, is having it's
annual tea today at 3:30 p.m.
at President Lyman's house.
The topic of discussion is
"Stanford women — then and
now." The Cap and Gown
Calendar is currently on sale
at the bookstore, and the
proceeds from its sale will be
used to fund the scholarships.
Cap and Gown, the
organization which raises
money for women's
scholarships, is having it's
annual tea today at 3:30 p.m.
at President Lyman's house.
The topic of discussion is
"Stanford women — then and
now." The Cap and Gown
Calendar is currently on sale
at the bookstore, and the
proceeds from its sale will be
used to fund the scholarships.
Cap and Gown, the
organization which raises
money for women's
scholarships, is having it's
annual tea today at 3:30 p.m.
at President Lyman's house.
The topic of discussion is
"Stanford women — then and
now." The Cap and Gown
Calendar is currently on sale
at the bookstore, and the
proceeds from its sale will be
used to fund the scholarships.
Cap and Gown, the
organization which raises
money for women's
scholarships, is having it's
annual tea today at 3:30 p.m.
at President Lyman's house.
The topic of discussion is
"Stanford women — then and
now." The Cap and Gown
Calendar is currently on sale
at the bookstore, and the
proceeds from its sale will be
used to fund the scholarships.
Cap and Gown, the
organization which raises
money for women's
scholarships, is having it's
annual tea today at 3:30 p.m.
at President Lyman's house.
The topic of discussion is
"Stanford women — then and
now." The Cap and Gown
Calendar is currently on sale
at the bookstore, and the
proceeds from its sale will be
used to fund the scholarships.
Cap and Gown, the
organization which raises
money for women's
scholarships, is having it's
annual tea today at 3:30 p.m.
at President Lyman's house.
The topic of discussion is
"Stanford women — then and
now." The Cap and Gown
Calendar is currently on sale
at the bookstore, and the
proceeds from its sale will be
used to fund the scholarships.
Cap and Gown, the
organization which raises
money for women's
scholarships, is having it's
annual tea today at 3:30 p.m.
at President Lyman's house.
The topic of discussion is
"Stanford women — then and
now." The Cap and Gown
Calendar is currently on sale
at the bookstore, and the
proceeds from its sale will be
used to fund the scholarships.
Cap and Gown, the
organization which raises
money for women's
scholarships, is having it's
annual tea today at 3:30 p.m.
at President Lyman's house.
The topic of discussion is
"Stanford women — then and
now." The Cap and Gown
Calendar is currently on sale
at the bookstore, and the
proceeds from its sale will be
used to fund the scholarships.
Cap and Gown, the
organization which raises
money for women's
scholarships, is having it's
annual tea today at 3:30 p.m.
at President Lyman's house.
The topic of discussion is
"Stanford women — then and
now." The Cap and Gown
Calendar is currently on sale
at the bookstore, and the
proceeds from its sale will be
used to fund the scholarships.
Cap and Gown, the
organization which raises
money for women's
scholarships, is having it's
annual tea today at 3:30 p.m.
at President Lyman's house.
The topic of discussion is
"Stanford women — then and
now." The Cap and Gown
Calendar is currently on sale
at the bookstore, and the
proceeds from its sale will be
used to fund the scholarships.
Cap and Gown, the
organization which raises
money for women's
scholarships, is having it's
annual tea today at 3:30 p.m.
at President Lyman's house.
The topic of discussion is
"Stanford women — then and
now." The Cap and Gown
Calendar is currently on sale
at the bookstore, and the
proceeds from its sale will be
used to fund the scholarships.
Cap and Gown, the
organization which raises
money for women's
scholarships, is having it's
annual tea today at 3:30 p.m.
at President Lyman's house.
The topic of discussion is
"Stanford women — then and
now." The Cap and Gown
Calendar is currently on sale
at the bookstore, and the
proceeds from its sale will be
used to fund the scholarships.
