# JOE COLLEGE OF HIGHWAY DOOMED TO EARLY GRAVE
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Feb. If), {jpyâ€”
The "collegiate flivver" and
other wheezing, palsied auto
mobiles of venerable vintage
are doomed to the scrap heap.
The National Automobile
Automobile Chamber of Com
merce announced today the in
dustry would expend $15,000,-
000 this year in removing un
safe cars from the highways.
The plan, endorsed by the
Chamber's board of directors,
involves the scrapping of
400,000 machines in addition
to the normal scrapping by
the motor companies, and pro
poses that the manufacturers
provide a fund for removing
permanently those automo
biles that menace the safety
of other highway users.
