# CANCER TREATMENT
## 
### 
LOS ANGELES, Feb. lti. (#) -
Approximately 200 cancer cases
were under close observation of
physicians in Los Angeles and
Long Beach today following injec
tion of a new cancer treatment ex
tract discovered by Drs. John D.
I lumber and Walter P. Coffey of
San Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. lti. (#) -
Approximately 200 cancer cases
were under close observation of
physicians in Los Angeles and
Long Beach today following injec
tion of a new cancer treatment ex
tract discovered by Drs. John D.
I lumber and Walter P. Coffey of
San Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. lti. (#) -
Approximately 200 cancer cases
were under close observation of
physicians in Los Angeles and
Long Beach today following injec
tion of a new cancer treatment ex
tract discovered by Drs. John D.
I lumber and Walter P. Coffey of
San Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. lti. (#) -
Approximately 200 cancer cases
were under close observation of
physicians in Los Angeles and
Long Beach today following injec
tion of a new cancer treatment ex
tract discovered by Drs. John D.
I lumber and Walter P. Coffey of
San Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. lti. (#) -
Approximately 200 cancer cases
were under close observation of
physicians in Los Angeles and
Long Beach today following injec
tion of a new cancer treatment ex
tract discovered by Drs. John D.
I lumber and Walter P. Coffey of
San Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. lti. (#) -
Approximately 200 cancer cases
were under close observation of
physicians in Los Angeles and
Long Beach today following injec
tion of a new cancer treatment ex
tract discovered by Drs. John D.
I lumber and Walter P. Coffey of
San Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. lti. (#) -
Approximately 200 cancer cases
were under close observation of
physicians in Los Angeles and
Long Beach today following injec
tion of a new cancer treatment ex
tract discovered by Drs. John D.
I lumber and Walter P. Coffey of
San Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. lti. (#) -
Approximately 200 cancer cases
were under close observation of
physicians in Los Angeles and
Long Beach today following injec
tion of a new cancer treatment ex
tract discovered by Drs. John D.
I lumber and Walter P. Coffey of
San Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. lti. (#) -
Approximately 200 cancer cases
were under close observation of
physicians in Los Angeles and
Long Beach today following injec
tion of a new cancer treatment ex
tract discovered by Drs. John D.
I lumber and Walter P. Coffey of
San Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. lti. (#) -
Approximately 200 cancer cases
were under close observation of
physicians in Los Angeles and
Long Beach today following injec
tion of a new cancer treatment ex
tract discovered by Drs. John D.
I lumber and Walter P. Coffey of
San Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. lti. (#) -
Approximately 200 cancer cases
were under close observation of
physicians in Los Angeles and
Long Beach today following injec
tion of a new cancer treatment ex
tract discovered by Drs. John D.
I lumber and Walter P. Coffey of
San Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. lti. (#) -
Approximately 200 cancer cases
were under close observation of
physicians in Los Angeles and
Long Beach today following injec
tion of a new cancer treatment ex
tract discovered by Drs. John D.
I lumber and Walter P. Coffey of
San Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. lti. (#) -
Approximately 200 cancer cases
were under close observation of
physicians in Los Angeles and
Long Beach today following injec
tion of a new cancer treatment ex
tract discovered by Drs. John D.
I lumber and Walter P. Coffey of
San Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. lti. (#) -
Approximately 200 cancer cases
were under close observation of
physicians in Los Angeles and
Long Beach today following injec
tion of a new cancer treatment ex
tract discovered by Drs. John D.
I lumber and Walter P. Coffey of
San Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. lti. (#) -
Approximately 200 cancer cases
were under close observation of
physicians in Los Angeles and
Long Beach today following injec
tion of a new cancer treatment ex
tract discovered by Drs. John D.
I lumber and Walter P. Coffey of
San Francisco.
