# Octogenarian
## 
### 

NEW YORK, Feb. 16. f/T) —Elihu
Hoot, former cabinet member and
distinguished authority on interna
tional law, celebrated his eighty
fifth birthday Saturday. Root was
guest of honor at a dinner at th«?
home of Nicholas Murray Butler,
president of Columbia University.

NEW YORK, Feb. 16. f/T) —Elihu
Hoot, former cabinet member and
distinguished authority on interna
tional law, celebrated his eighty
fifth birthday Saturday. Root was
guest of honor at a dinner at th«?
home of Nicholas Murray Butler,
president of Columbia University.

NEW YORK, Feb. 16. f/T) —Elihu
Hoot, former cabinet member and
distinguished authority on interna
tional law, celebrated his eighty
fifth birthday Saturday. Root was
guest of honor at a dinner at th«?
home of Nicholas Murray Butler,
president of Columbia University.

NEW YORK, Feb. 16. f/T) —Elihu
Hoot, former cabinet member and
distinguished authority on interna
tional law, celebrated his eighty
fifth birthday Saturday. Root was
guest of honor at a dinner at th«?
home of Nicholas Murray Butler,
president of Columbia University.

NEW YORK, Feb. 16. f/T) —Elihu
Hoot, former cabinet member and
distinguished authority on interna
tional law, celebrated his eighty
fifth birthday Saturday. Root was
guest of honor at a dinner at th«?
home of Nicholas Murray Butler,
president of Columbia University.

NEW YORK, Feb. 16. f/T) —Elihu
Hoot, former cabinet member and
distinguished authority on interna
tional law, celebrated his eighty
fifth birthday Saturday. Root was
guest of honor at a dinner at th«?
home of Nicholas Murray Butler,
president of Columbia University.

NEW YORK, Feb. 16. f/T) —Elihu
Hoot, former cabinet member and
distinguished authority on interna
tional law, celebrated his eighty
fifth birthday Saturday. Root was
guest of honor at a dinner at th«?
home of Nicholas Murray Butler,
president of Columbia University.

NEW YORK, Feb. 16. f/T) —Elihu
Hoot, former cabinet member and
distinguished authority on interna
tional law, celebrated his eighty
fifth birthday Saturday. Root was
guest of honor at a dinner at th«?
home of Nicholas Murray Butler,
president of Columbia University.

NEW YORK, Feb. 16. f/T) —Elihu
Hoot, former cabinet member and
distinguished authority on interna
tional law, celebrated his eighty
fifth birthday Saturday. Root was
guest of honor at a dinner at th«?
home of Nicholas Murray Butler,
president of Columbia University.

NEW YORK, Feb. 16. f/T) —Elihu
Hoot, former cabinet member and
distinguished authority on interna
tional law, celebrated his eighty
fifth birthday Saturday. Root was
guest of honor at a dinner at th«?
home of Nicholas Murray Butler,
president of Columbia University.

NEW YORK, Feb. 16. f/T) —Elihu
Hoot, former cabinet member and
distinguished authority on interna
tional law, celebrated his eighty
fifth birthday Saturday. Root was
guest of honor at a dinner at th«?
home of Nicholas Murray Butler,
president of Columbia University.

NEW YORK, Feb. 16. f/T) —Elihu
Hoot, former cabinet member and
distinguished authority on interna
tional law, celebrated his eighty
fifth birthday Saturday. Root was
guest of honor at a dinner at th«?
home of Nicholas Murray Butler,
president of Columbia University.

NEW YORK, Feb. 16. f/T) —Elihu
Hoot, former cabinet member and
distinguished authority on interna
tional law, celebrated his eighty
fifth birthday Saturday. Root was
guest of honor at a dinner at th«?
home of Nicholas Murray Butler,
president of Columbia University.

NEW YORK, Feb. 16. f/T) —Elihu
Hoot, former cabinet member and
distinguished authority on interna
tional law, celebrated his eighty
fifth birthday Saturday. Root was
guest of honor at a dinner at th«?
home of Nicholas Murray Butler,
president of Columbia University.

NEW YORK, Feb. 16. f/T) —Elihu
Hoot, former cabinet member and
distinguished authority on interna
tional law, celebrated his eighty
fifth birthday Saturday. Root was
guest of honor at a dinner at th«?
home of Nicholas Murray Butler,
president of Columbia University.
