# Mills Instructor to Address Group
## 
### 
L. S. Yang, instructor in Chinese
philosophy at Mills, will discuss
Chinese opera at the Chinese-
American Friendship Association
meeting Monday at 4:15 p.m., an

nounced Margaret Carter, president.
The meeting will be held in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house, and a discussion of current
news in the Orient may follow the
speech.
L. S. Yang, instructor in Chinese
philosophy at Mills, will discuss
Chinese opera at the Chinese-
American Friendship Association
meeting Monday at 4:15 p.m., an

nounced Margaret Carter, president.
The meeting will be held in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house, and a discussion of current
news in the Orient may follow the
speech.
L. S. Yang, instructor in Chinese
philosophy at Mills, will discuss
Chinese opera at the Chinese-
American Friendship Association
meeting Monday at 4:15 p.m., an

nounced Margaret Carter, president.
The meeting will be held in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house, and a discussion of current
news in the Orient may follow the
speech.
L. S. Yang, instructor in Chinese
philosophy at Mills, will discuss
Chinese opera at the Chinese-
American Friendship Association
meeting Monday at 4:15 p.m., an

nounced Margaret Carter, president.
The meeting will be held in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house, and a discussion of current
news in the Orient may follow the
speech.
L. S. Yang, instructor in Chinese
philosophy at Mills, will discuss
Chinese opera at the Chinese-
American Friendship Association
meeting Monday at 4:15 p.m., an

nounced Margaret Carter, president.
The meeting will be held in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house, and a discussion of current
news in the Orient may follow the
speech.
L. S. Yang, instructor in Chinese
philosophy at Mills, will discuss
Chinese opera at the Chinese-
American Friendship Association
meeting Monday at 4:15 p.m., an

nounced Margaret Carter, president.
The meeting will be held in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house, and a discussion of current
news in the Orient may follow the
speech.
L. S. Yang, instructor in Chinese
philosophy at Mills, will discuss
Chinese opera at the Chinese-
American Friendship Association
meeting Monday at 4:15 p.m., an

nounced Margaret Carter, president.
The meeting will be held in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house, and a discussion of current
news in the Orient may follow the
speech.
L. S. Yang, instructor in Chinese
philosophy at Mills, will discuss
Chinese opera at the Chinese-
American Friendship Association
meeting Monday at 4:15 p.m., an

nounced Margaret Carter, president.
The meeting will be held in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house, and a discussion of current
news in the Orient may follow the
speech.
L. S. Yang, instructor in Chinese
philosophy at Mills, will discuss
Chinese opera at the Chinese-
American Friendship Association
meeting Monday at 4:15 p.m., an

nounced Margaret Carter, president.
The meeting will be held in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house, and a discussion of current
news in the Orient may follow the
speech.
L. S. Yang, instructor in Chinese
philosophy at Mills, will discuss
Chinese opera at the Chinese-
American Friendship Association
meeting Monday at 4:15 p.m., an

nounced Margaret Carter, president.
The meeting will be held in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house, and a discussion of current
news in the Orient may follow the
speech.
L. S. Yang, instructor in Chinese
philosophy at Mills, will discuss
Chinese opera at the Chinese-
American Friendship Association
meeting Monday at 4:15 p.m., an

nounced Margaret Carter, president.
The meeting will be held in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house, and a discussion of current
news in the Orient may follow the
speech.
L. S. Yang, instructor in Chinese
philosophy at Mills, will discuss
Chinese opera at the Chinese-
American Friendship Association
meeting Monday at 4:15 p.m., an

nounced Margaret Carter, president.
The meeting will be held in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house, and a discussion of current
news in the Orient may follow the
speech.
L. S. Yang, instructor in Chinese
philosophy at Mills, will discuss
Chinese opera at the Chinese-
American Friendship Association
meeting Monday at 4:15 p.m., an

nounced Margaret Carter, president.
The meeting will be held in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house, and a discussion of current
news in the Orient may follow the
speech.
L. S. Yang, instructor in Chinese
philosophy at Mills, will discuss
Chinese opera at the Chinese-
American Friendship Association
meeting Monday at 4:15 p.m., an

nounced Margaret Carter, president.
The meeting will be held in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house, and a discussion of current
news in the Orient may follow the
speech.
L. S. Yang, instructor in Chinese
philosophy at Mills, will discuss
Chinese opera at the Chinese-
American Friendship Association
meeting Monday at 4:15 p.m., an

nounced Margaret Carter, president.
The meeting will be held in the
lower lounge of the Women's Club
house, and a discussion of current
news in the Orient may follow the
speech.
