# LEADS STANFORD
## 
### 
Washington State is the only con
ference opponent to lead Stanford
in the series between the two
schools. They have won four games
against Stanford's three.
Washington State is the only con
ference opponent to lead Stanford
in the series between the two
schools. They have won four games
against Stanford's three.
Washington State is the only con
ference opponent to lead Stanford
in the series between the two
schools. They have won four games
against Stanford's three.
Washington State is the only con
ference opponent to lead Stanford
in the series between the two
schools. They have won four games
against Stanford's three.
Washington State is the only con
ference opponent to lead Stanford
in the series between the two
schools. They have won four games
against Stanford's three.
Washington State is the only con
ference opponent to lead Stanford
in the series between the two
schools. They have won four games
against Stanford's three.
Washington State is the only con
ference opponent to lead Stanford
in the series between the two
schools. They have won four games
against Stanford's three.
Washington State is the only con
ference opponent to lead Stanford
in the series between the two
schools. They have won four games
against Stanford's three.
Washington State is the only con
ference opponent to lead Stanford
in the series between the two
schools. They have won four games
against Stanford's three.
Washington State is the only con
ference opponent to lead Stanford
in the series between the two
schools. They have won four games
against Stanford's three.
Washington State is the only con
ference opponent to lead Stanford
in the series between the two
schools. They have won four games
against Stanford's three.
Washington State is the only con
ference opponent to lead Stanford
in the series between the two
schools. They have won four games
against Stanford's three.
Washington State is the only con
ference opponent to lead Stanford
in the series between the two
schools. They have won four games
against Stanford's three.
Washington State is the only con
ference opponent to lead Stanford
in the series between the two
schools. They have won four games
against Stanford's three.
Washington State is the only con
ference opponent to lead Stanford
in the series between the two
schools. They have won four games
against Stanford's three.
