# Adv. 1 Page 3
## 
### 
BROWN UNIVERSITY
MASTER OF ARTS
IN TEACHING
Applications now being
accepted for admission
and financial aid in
Secondary English
and
Social Studies
1977 PLACEMENT
RECORD 95%
Address inquiries to:
The Graduate School
Brown University
Providence, Rl 02912
BROWN UNIVERSITY
MASTER OF ARTS
IN TEACHING
Applications now being
accepted for admission
and financial aid in
Secondary English
and
Social Studies
1977 PLACEMENT
RECORD 95%
Address inquiries to:
The Graduate School
Brown University
Providence, Rl 02912
BROWN UNIVERSITY
MASTER OF ARTS
IN TEACHING
Applications now being
accepted for admission
and financial aid in
Secondary English
and
Social Studies
1977 PLACEMENT
RECORD 95%
Address inquiries to:
The Graduate School
Brown University
Providence, Rl 02912
BROWN UNIVERSITY
MASTER OF ARTS
IN TEACHING
Applications now being
accepted for admission
and financial aid in
Secondary English
and
Social Studies
1977 PLACEMENT
RECORD 95%
Address inquiries to:
The Graduate School
Brown University
Providence, Rl 02912
BROWN UNIVERSITY
MASTER OF ARTS
IN TEACHING
Applications now being
accepted for admission
and financial aid in
Secondary English
and
Social Studies
1977 PLACEMENT
RECORD 95%
Address inquiries to:
The Graduate School
Brown University
Providence, Rl 02912
BROWN UNIVERSITY
MASTER OF ARTS
IN TEACHING
Applications now being
accepted for admission
and financial aid in
Secondary English
and
Social Studies
1977 PLACEMENT
RECORD 95%
Address inquiries to:
The Graduate School
Brown University
Providence, Rl 02912
BROWN UNIVERSITY
MASTER OF ARTS
IN TEACHING
Applications now being
accepted for admission
and financial aid in
Secondary English
and
Social Studies
1977 PLACEMENT
RECORD 95%
Address inquiries to:
The Graduate School
Brown University
Providence, Rl 02912
BROWN UNIVERSITY
MASTER OF ARTS
IN TEACHING
Applications now being
accepted for admission
and financial aid in
Secondary English
and
Social Studies
1977 PLACEMENT
RECORD 95%
Address inquiries to:
The Graduate School
Brown University
Providence, Rl 02912
BROWN UNIVERSITY
MASTER OF ARTS
IN TEACHING
Applications now being
accepted for admission
and financial aid in
Secondary English
and
Social Studies
1977 PLACEMENT
RECORD 95%
Address inquiries to:
The Graduate School
Brown University
Providence, Rl 02912
BROWN UNIVERSITY
MASTER OF ARTS
IN TEACHING
Applications now being
accepted for admission
and financial aid in
Secondary English
and
Social Studies
1977 PLACEMENT
RECORD 95%
Address inquiries to:
The Graduate School
Brown University
Providence, Rl 02912
BROWN UNIVERSITY
MASTER OF ARTS
IN TEACHING
Applications now being
accepted for admission
and financial aid in
Secondary English
and
Social Studies
1977 PLACEMENT
RECORD 95%
Address inquiries to:
The Graduate School
Brown University
Providence, Rl 02912
BROWN UNIVERSITY
MASTER OF ARTS
IN TEACHING
Applications now being
accepted for admission
and financial aid in
Secondary English
and
Social Studies
1977 PLACEMENT
RECORD 95%
Address inquiries to:
The Graduate School
Brown University
Providence, Rl 02912
