# FM Radio Series To End Sunday
## 
### 
The last in a series of three pro
grams on "Communism in Latin
America" will be presented by the
University's Hispanic American Pro
gram on KPFA, Berkeley FM sta
tion, Sunday at 6 p.m.
Speakers will be H. Leslie Robin
son and John Thompson, assistant
editors of Hispanic American Re
port, published monthly at Stan
ford.
Also participating will be two
graduate students, Joseph G. Shir
ley and Charles A. Gauld.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies, is
moderator of the regular monthly
broadcasts, which have the general
title of "Latin American Report."
The last in a series of three pro
grams on "Communism in Latin
America" will be presented by the
University's Hispanic American Pro
gram on KPFA, Berkeley FM sta
tion, Sunday at 6 p.m.
Speakers will be H. Leslie Robin
son and John Thompson, assistant
editors of Hispanic American Re
port, published monthly at Stan
ford.
Also participating will be two
graduate students, Joseph G. Shir
ley and Charles A. Gauld.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies, is
moderator of the regular monthly
broadcasts, which have the general
title of "Latin American Report."
The last in a series of three pro
grams on "Communism in Latin
America" will be presented by the
University's Hispanic American Pro
gram on KPFA, Berkeley FM sta
tion, Sunday at 6 p.m.
Speakers will be H. Leslie Robin
son and John Thompson, assistant
editors of Hispanic American Re
port, published monthly at Stan
ford.
Also participating will be two
graduate students, Joseph G. Shir
ley and Charles A. Gauld.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies, is
moderator of the regular monthly
broadcasts, which have the general
title of "Latin American Report."
The last in a series of three pro
grams on "Communism in Latin
America" will be presented by the
University's Hispanic American Pro
gram on KPFA, Berkeley FM sta
tion, Sunday at 6 p.m.
Speakers will be H. Leslie Robin
son and John Thompson, assistant
editors of Hispanic American Re
port, published monthly at Stan
ford.
Also participating will be two
graduate students, Joseph G. Shir
ley and Charles A. Gauld.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies, is
moderator of the regular monthly
broadcasts, which have the general
title of "Latin American Report."
The last in a series of three pro
grams on "Communism in Latin
America" will be presented by the
University's Hispanic American Pro
gram on KPFA, Berkeley FM sta
tion, Sunday at 6 p.m.
Speakers will be H. Leslie Robin
son and John Thompson, assistant
editors of Hispanic American Re
port, published monthly at Stan
ford.
Also participating will be two
graduate students, Joseph G. Shir
ley and Charles A. Gauld.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies, is
moderator of the regular monthly
broadcasts, which have the general
title of "Latin American Report."
The last in a series of three pro
grams on "Communism in Latin
America" will be presented by the
University's Hispanic American Pro
gram on KPFA, Berkeley FM sta
tion, Sunday at 6 p.m.
Speakers will be H. Leslie Robin
son and John Thompson, assistant
editors of Hispanic American Re
port, published monthly at Stan
ford.
Also participating will be two
graduate students, Joseph G. Shir
ley and Charles A. Gauld.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies, is
moderator of the regular monthly
broadcasts, which have the general
title of "Latin American Report."
The last in a series of three pro
grams on "Communism in Latin
America" will be presented by the
University's Hispanic American Pro
gram on KPFA, Berkeley FM sta
tion, Sunday at 6 p.m.
Speakers will be H. Leslie Robin
son and John Thompson, assistant
editors of Hispanic American Re
port, published monthly at Stan
ford.
Also participating will be two
graduate students, Joseph G. Shir
ley and Charles A. Gauld.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies, is
moderator of the regular monthly
broadcasts, which have the general
title of "Latin American Report."
The last in a series of three pro
grams on "Communism in Latin
America" will be presented by the
University's Hispanic American Pro
gram on KPFA, Berkeley FM sta
tion, Sunday at 6 p.m.
Speakers will be H. Leslie Robin
son and John Thompson, assistant
editors of Hispanic American Re
port, published monthly at Stan
ford.
Also participating will be two
graduate students, Joseph G. Shir
ley and Charles A. Gauld.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies, is
moderator of the regular monthly
broadcasts, which have the general
title of "Latin American Report."
The last in a series of three pro
grams on "Communism in Latin
America" will be presented by the
University's Hispanic American Pro
gram on KPFA, Berkeley FM sta
tion, Sunday at 6 p.m.
Speakers will be H. Leslie Robin
son and John Thompson, assistant
editors of Hispanic American Re
port, published monthly at Stan
ford.
Also participating will be two
graduate students, Joseph G. Shir
ley and Charles A. Gauld.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies, is
moderator of the regular monthly
broadcasts, which have the general
title of "Latin American Report."
The last in a series of three pro
grams on "Communism in Latin
America" will be presented by the
University's Hispanic American Pro
gram on KPFA, Berkeley FM sta
tion, Sunday at 6 p.m.
Speakers will be H. Leslie Robin
son and John Thompson, assistant
editors of Hispanic American Re
port, published monthly at Stan
ford.
Also participating will be two
graduate students, Joseph G. Shir
ley and Charles A. Gauld.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies, is
moderator of the regular monthly
broadcasts, which have the general
title of "Latin American Report."
The last in a series of three pro
grams on "Communism in Latin
America" will be presented by the
University's Hispanic American Pro
gram on KPFA, Berkeley FM sta
tion, Sunday at 6 p.m.
Speakers will be H. Leslie Robin
son and John Thompson, assistant
editors of Hispanic American Re
port, published monthly at Stan
ford.
Also participating will be two
graduate students, Joseph G. Shir
ley and Charles A. Gauld.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies, is
moderator of the regular monthly
broadcasts, which have the general
title of "Latin American Report."
The last in a series of three pro
grams on "Communism in Latin
America" will be presented by the
University's Hispanic American Pro
gram on KPFA, Berkeley FM sta
tion, Sunday at 6 p.m.
Speakers will be H. Leslie Robin
son and John Thompson, assistant
editors of Hispanic American Re
port, published monthly at Stan
ford.
Also participating will be two
graduate students, Joseph G. Shir
ley and Charles A. Gauld.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies, is
moderator of the regular monthly
broadcasts, which have the general
title of "Latin American Report."
The last in a series of three pro
grams on "Communism in Latin
America" will be presented by the
University's Hispanic American Pro
gram on KPFA, Berkeley FM sta
tion, Sunday at 6 p.m.
Speakers will be H. Leslie Robin
son and John Thompson, assistant
editors of Hispanic American Re
port, published monthly at Stan
ford.
Also participating will be two
graduate students, Joseph G. Shir
ley and Charles A. Gauld.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies, is
moderator of the regular monthly
broadcasts, which have the general
title of "Latin American Report."
The last in a series of three pro
grams on "Communism in Latin
America" will be presented by the
University's Hispanic American Pro
gram on KPFA, Berkeley FM sta
tion, Sunday at 6 p.m.
Speakers will be H. Leslie Robin
son and John Thompson, assistant
editors of Hispanic American Re
port, published monthly at Stan
ford.
Also participating will be two
graduate students, Joseph G. Shir
ley and Charles A. Gauld.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies, is
moderator of the regular monthly
broadcasts, which have the general
title of "Latin American Report."
The last in a series of three pro
grams on "Communism in Latin
America" will be presented by the
University's Hispanic American Pro
gram on KPFA, Berkeley FM sta
tion, Sunday at 6 p.m.
Speakers will be H. Leslie Robin
son and John Thompson, assistant
editors of Hispanic American Re
port, published monthly at Stan
ford.
Also participating will be two
graduate students, Joseph G. Shir
ley and Charles A. Gauld.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies, is
moderator of the regular monthly
broadcasts, which have the general
title of "Latin American Report."
