# EMPLOYMENT INTERVIEWS
## 
### 
Sign-up sheets are posted at the I
Placement Service today for the fol
lowing job interviews which will be i
held Monday:
North American Aviation Co.,
Missile Division: A.B.'s and M.B.A.'s
and engineers.
Librascope, Inc.: E.E.'s and M.E.'s j
or men with a degree in physics.

Bureau of Reclamation, U.S. De
partment of Interior: Civil and hy
draulic engineers.
Crown-Zellerbach: Chemical and
mechanical engineers at the B.S. and
M.S. levels; physical chemists at the
8.5., M.S., and Ph.D. levels; A.B.'s
and M.B.A.'s with engineering back
grounds for sales training program.
Sign-up sheets are posted at the I
Placement Service today for the fol
lowing job interviews which will be i
held Monday:
North American Aviation Co.,
Missile Division: A.B.'s and M.B.A.'s
and engineers.
Librascope, Inc.: E.E.'s and M.E.'s j
or men with a degree in physics.

Bureau of Reclamation, U.S. De
partment of Interior: Civil and hy
draulic engineers.
Crown-Zellerbach: Chemical and
mechanical engineers at the B.S. and
M.S. levels; physical chemists at the
8.5., M.S., and Ph.D. levels; A.B.'s
and M.B.A.'s with engineering back
grounds for sales training program.
Sign-up sheets are posted at the I
Placement Service today for the fol
lowing job interviews which will be i
held Monday:
North American Aviation Co.,
Missile Division: A.B.'s and M.B.A.'s
and engineers.
Librascope, Inc.: E.E.'s and M.E.'s j
or men with a degree in physics.

Bureau of Reclamation, U.S. De
partment of Interior: Civil and hy
draulic engineers.
Crown-Zellerbach: Chemical and
mechanical engineers at the B.S. and
M.S. levels; physical chemists at the
8.5., M.S., and Ph.D. levels; A.B.'s
and M.B.A.'s with engineering back
grounds for sales training program.
Sign-up sheets are posted at the I
Placement Service today for the fol
lowing job interviews which will be i
held Monday:
North American Aviation Co.,
Missile Division: A.B.'s and M.B.A.'s
and engineers.
Librascope, Inc.: E.E.'s and M.E.'s j
or men with a degree in physics.

Bureau of Reclamation, U.S. De
partment of Interior: Civil and hy
draulic engineers.
Crown-Zellerbach: Chemical and
mechanical engineers at the B.S. and
M.S. levels; physical chemists at the
8.5., M.S., and Ph.D. levels; A.B.'s
and M.B.A.'s with engineering back
grounds for sales training program.
Sign-up sheets are posted at the I
Placement Service today for the fol
lowing job interviews which will be i
held Monday:
North American Aviation Co.,
Missile Division: A.B.'s and M.B.A.'s
and engineers.
Librascope, Inc.: E.E.'s and M.E.'s j
or men with a degree in physics.

Bureau of Reclamation, U.S. De
partment of Interior: Civil and hy
draulic engineers.
Crown-Zellerbach: Chemical and
mechanical engineers at the B.S. and
M.S. levels; physical chemists at the
8.5., M.S., and Ph.D. levels; A.B.'s
and M.B.A.'s with engineering back
grounds for sales training program.
Sign-up sheets are posted at the I
Placement Service today for the fol
lowing job interviews which will be i
held Monday:
North American Aviation Co.,
Missile Division: A.B.'s and M.B.A.'s
and engineers.
Librascope, Inc.: E.E.'s and M.E.'s j
or men with a degree in physics.

Bureau of Reclamation, U.S. De
partment of Interior: Civil and hy
draulic engineers.
Crown-Zellerbach: Chemical and
mechanical engineers at the B.S. and
M.S. levels; physical chemists at the
8.5., M.S., and Ph.D. levels; A.B.'s
and M.B.A.'s with engineering back
grounds for sales training program.
Sign-up sheets are posted at the I
Placement Service today for the fol
lowing job interviews which will be i
held Monday:
North American Aviation Co.,
Missile Division: A.B.'s and M.B.A.'s
and engineers.
Librascope, Inc.: E.E.'s and M.E.'s j
or men with a degree in physics.

Bureau of Reclamation, U.S. De
partment of Interior: Civil and hy
draulic engineers.
Crown-Zellerbach: Chemical and
mechanical engineers at the B.S. and
M.S. levels; physical chemists at the
8.5., M.S., and Ph.D. levels; A.B.'s
and M.B.A.'s with engineering back
grounds for sales training program.
Sign-up sheets are posted at the I
Placement Service today for the fol
lowing job interviews which will be i
held Monday:
North American Aviation Co.,
Missile Division: A.B.'s and M.B.A.'s
and engineers.
Librascope, Inc.: E.E.'s and M.E.'s j
or men with a degree in physics.

Bureau of Reclamation, U.S. De
partment of Interior: Civil and hy
draulic engineers.
Crown-Zellerbach: Chemical and
mechanical engineers at the B.S. and
M.S. levels; physical chemists at the
8.5., M.S., and Ph.D. levels; A.B.'s
and M.B.A.'s with engineering back
grounds for sales training program.
Sign-up sheets are posted at the I
Placement Service today for the fol
lowing job interviews which will be i
held Monday:
North American Aviation Co.,
Missile Division: A.B.'s and M.B.A.'s
and engineers.
Librascope, Inc.: E.E.'s and M.E.'s j
or men with a degree in physics.

Bureau of Reclamation, U.S. De
partment of Interior: Civil and hy
draulic engineers.
Crown-Zellerbach: Chemical and
mechanical engineers at the B.S. and
M.S. levels; physical chemists at the
8.5., M.S., and Ph.D. levels; A.B.'s
and M.B.A.'s with engineering back
grounds for sales training program.
Sign-up sheets are posted at the I
Placement Service today for the fol
lowing job interviews which will be i
held Monday:
North American Aviation Co.,
Missile Division: A.B.'s and M.B.A.'s
and engineers.
Librascope, Inc.: E.E.'s and M.E.'s j
or men with a degree in physics.

Bureau of Reclamation, U.S. De
partment of Interior: Civil and hy
draulic engineers.
Crown-Zellerbach: Chemical and
mechanical engineers at the B.S. and
M.S. levels; physical chemists at the
8.5., M.S., and Ph.D. levels; A.B.'s
and M.B.A.'s with engineering back
grounds for sales training program.
Sign-up sheets are posted at the I
Placement Service today for the fol
lowing job interviews which will be i
held Monday:
North American Aviation Co.,
Missile Division: A.B.'s and M.B.A.'s
and engineers.
Librascope, Inc.: E.E.'s and M.E.'s j
or men with a degree in physics.

Bureau of Reclamation, U.S. De
partment of Interior: Civil and hy
draulic engineers.
Crown-Zellerbach: Chemical and
mechanical engineers at the B.S. and
M.S. levels; physical chemists at the
8.5., M.S., and Ph.D. levels; A.B.'s
and M.B.A.'s with engineering back
grounds for sales training program.
Sign-up sheets are posted at the I
Placement Service today for the fol
lowing job interviews which will be i
held Monday:
North American Aviation Co.,
Missile Division: A.B.'s and M.B.A.'s
and engineers.
Librascope, Inc.: E.E.'s and M.E.'s j
or men with a degree in physics.

Bureau of Reclamation, U.S. De
partment of Interior: Civil and hy
draulic engineers.
Crown-Zellerbach: Chemical and
mechanical engineers at the B.S. and
M.S. levels; physical chemists at the
8.5., M.S., and Ph.D. levels; A.B.'s
and M.B.A.'s with engineering back
grounds for sales training program.
Sign-up sheets are posted at the I
Placement Service today for the fol
lowing job interviews which will be i
held Monday:
North American Aviation Co.,
Missile Division: A.B.'s and M.B.A.'s
and engineers.
Librascope, Inc.: E.E.'s and M.E.'s j
or men with a degree in physics.

Bureau of Reclamation, U.S. De
partment of Interior: Civil and hy
draulic engineers.
Crown-Zellerbach: Chemical and
mechanical engineers at the B.S. and
M.S. levels; physical chemists at the
8.5., M.S., and Ph.D. levels; A.B.'s
and M.B.A.'s with engineering back
grounds for sales training program.
Sign-up sheets are posted at the I
Placement Service today for the fol
lowing job interviews which will be i
held Monday:
North American Aviation Co.,
Missile Division: A.B.'s and M.B.A.'s
and engineers.
Librascope, Inc.: E.E.'s and M.E.'s j
or men with a degree in physics.

Bureau of Reclamation, U.S. De
partment of Interior: Civil and hy
draulic engineers.
Crown-Zellerbach: Chemical and
mechanical engineers at the B.S. and
M.S. levels; physical chemists at the
8.5., M.S., and Ph.D. levels; A.B.'s
and M.B.A.'s with engineering back
grounds for sales training program.
Sign-up sheets are posted at the I
Placement Service today for the fol
lowing job interviews which will be i
held Monday:
North American Aviation Co.,
Missile Division: A.B.'s and M.B.A.'s
and engineers.
Librascope, Inc.: E.E.'s and M.E.'s j
or men with a degree in physics.

Bureau of Reclamation, U.S. De
partment of Interior: Civil and hy
draulic engineers.
Crown-Zellerbach: Chemical and
mechanical engineers at the B.S. and
M.S. levels; physical chemists at the
8.5., M.S., and Ph.D. levels; A.B.'s
and M.B.A.'s with engineering back
grounds for sales training program.
