# Playhouse Asks For Stanford Tryoutees
## 
### 
Stanford students are invited to
try out for parts in the Palo Alto
Community Theater's production of

"George, the Woman," the play by
Hall Martin which was produoed hy
Masquers on the campus last quar
ter.
Tryouts will be held at the theater
after the performances of "Craig's
Wife" tomorrow and Saturday nights
about 10:30 o'clock. There are 12
parts open—nine for men and three
for women. The play will be given
in June.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for parts in the Palo Alto
Community Theater's production of

"George, the Woman," the play by
Hall Martin which was produoed hy
Masquers on the campus last quar
ter.
Tryouts will be held at the theater
after the performances of "Craig's
Wife" tomorrow and Saturday nights
about 10:30 o'clock. There are 12
parts open—nine for men and three
for women. The play will be given
in June.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for parts in the Palo Alto
Community Theater's production of

"George, the Woman," the play by
Hall Martin which was produoed hy
Masquers on the campus last quar
ter.
Tryouts will be held at the theater
after the performances of "Craig's
Wife" tomorrow and Saturday nights
about 10:30 o'clock. There are 12
parts open—nine for men and three
for women. The play will be given
in June.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for parts in the Palo Alto
Community Theater's production of

"George, the Woman," the play by
Hall Martin which was produoed hy
Masquers on the campus last quar
ter.
Tryouts will be held at the theater
after the performances of "Craig's
Wife" tomorrow and Saturday nights
about 10:30 o'clock. There are 12
parts open—nine for men and three
for women. The play will be given
in June.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for parts in the Palo Alto
Community Theater's production of

"George, the Woman," the play by
Hall Martin which was produoed hy
Masquers on the campus last quar
ter.
Tryouts will be held at the theater
after the performances of "Craig's
Wife" tomorrow and Saturday nights
about 10:30 o'clock. There are 12
parts open—nine for men and three
for women. The play will be given
in June.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for parts in the Palo Alto
Community Theater's production of

"George, the Woman," the play by
Hall Martin which was produoed hy
Masquers on the campus last quar
ter.
Tryouts will be held at the theater
after the performances of "Craig's
Wife" tomorrow and Saturday nights
about 10:30 o'clock. There are 12
parts open—nine for men and three
for women. The play will be given
in June.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for parts in the Palo Alto
Community Theater's production of

"George, the Woman," the play by
Hall Martin which was produoed hy
Masquers on the campus last quar
ter.
Tryouts will be held at the theater
after the performances of "Craig's
Wife" tomorrow and Saturday nights
about 10:30 o'clock. There are 12
parts open—nine for men and three
for women. The play will be given
in June.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for parts in the Palo Alto
Community Theater's production of

"George, the Woman," the play by
Hall Martin which was produoed hy
Masquers on the campus last quar
ter.
Tryouts will be held at the theater
after the performances of "Craig's
Wife" tomorrow and Saturday nights
about 10:30 o'clock. There are 12
parts open—nine for men and three
for women. The play will be given
in June.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for parts in the Palo Alto
Community Theater's production of

"George, the Woman," the play by
Hall Martin which was produoed hy
Masquers on the campus last quar
ter.
Tryouts will be held at the theater
after the performances of "Craig's
Wife" tomorrow and Saturday nights
about 10:30 o'clock. There are 12
parts open—nine for men and three
for women. The play will be given
in June.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for parts in the Palo Alto
Community Theater's production of

"George, the Woman," the play by
Hall Martin which was produoed hy
Masquers on the campus last quar
ter.
Tryouts will be held at the theater
after the performances of "Craig's
Wife" tomorrow and Saturday nights
about 10:30 o'clock. There are 12
parts open—nine for men and three
for women. The play will be given
in June.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for parts in the Palo Alto
Community Theater's production of

"George, the Woman," the play by
Hall Martin which was produoed hy
Masquers on the campus last quar
ter.
Tryouts will be held at the theater
after the performances of "Craig's
Wife" tomorrow and Saturday nights
about 10:30 o'clock. There are 12
parts open—nine for men and three
for women. The play will be given
in June.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for parts in the Palo Alto
Community Theater's production of

"George, the Woman," the play by
Hall Martin which was produoed hy
Masquers on the campus last quar
ter.
Tryouts will be held at the theater
after the performances of "Craig's
Wife" tomorrow and Saturday nights
about 10:30 o'clock. There are 12
parts open—nine for men and three
for women. The play will be given
in June.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for parts in the Palo Alto
Community Theater's production of

"George, the Woman," the play by
Hall Martin which was produoed hy
Masquers on the campus last quar
ter.
Tryouts will be held at the theater
after the performances of "Craig's
Wife" tomorrow and Saturday nights
about 10:30 o'clock. There are 12
parts open—nine for men and three
for women. The play will be given
in June.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for parts in the Palo Alto
Community Theater's production of

"George, the Woman," the play by
Hall Martin which was produoed hy
Masquers on the campus last quar
ter.
Tryouts will be held at the theater
after the performances of "Craig's
Wife" tomorrow and Saturday nights
about 10:30 o'clock. There are 12
parts open—nine for men and three
for women. The play will be given
in June.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for parts in the Palo Alto
Community Theater's production of

"George, the Woman," the play by
Hall Martin which was produoed hy
Masquers on the campus last quar
ter.
Tryouts will be held at the theater
after the performances of "Craig's
Wife" tomorrow and Saturday nights
about 10:30 o'clock. There are 12
parts open—nine for men and three
for women. The play will be given
in June.
Stanford students are invited to
try out for parts in the Palo Alto
Community Theater's production of

"George, the Woman," the play by
Hall Martin which was produoed hy
Masquers on the campus last quar
ter.
Tryouts will be held at the theater
after the performances of "Craig's
Wife" tomorrow and Saturday nights
about 10:30 o'clock. There are 12
parts open—nine for men and three
for women. The play will be given
in June.
