# THETA DELT PLEDGES
## 
### 
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Sumner, '39, and
Bob Spaulding, '37.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Sumner, '39, and
Bob Spaulding, '37.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Sumner, '39, and
Bob Spaulding, '37.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Sumner, '39, and
Bob Spaulding, '37.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Sumner, '39, and
Bob Spaulding, '37.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Sumner, '39, and
Bob Spaulding, '37.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Sumner, '39, and
Bob Spaulding, '37.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Sumner, '39, and
Bob Spaulding, '37.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Sumner, '39, and
Bob Spaulding, '37.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Sumner, '39, and
Bob Spaulding, '37.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Sumner, '39, and
Bob Spaulding, '37.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Sumner, '39, and
Bob Spaulding, '37.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Sumner, '39, and
Bob Spaulding, '37.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Sumner, '39, and
Bob Spaulding, '37.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Sumner, '39, and
Bob Spaulding, '37.
Theta Delta Chi announces the
pledging of Bob Sumner, '39, and
Bob Spaulding, '37.
