# RUSS-U.S. TRADE UP
## 
### 
NEW YORK. April 22 MP),— Reeve
Schley, president of the American -
Russian Chamber of Commerce, re
ported today a 200 per cent increase
in 1935, over 1934, in the purchases
by the Soviet government in the
United States.

The United States office of educa
tion reports a decrease of about 30
per cent in the number of one-room
schools during the last 19 years.
NEW YORK. April 22 MP),— Reeve
Schley, president of the American -
Russian Chamber of Commerce, re
ported today a 200 per cent increase
in 1935, over 1934, in the purchases
by the Soviet government in the
United States.

The United States office of educa
tion reports a decrease of about 30
per cent in the number of one-room
schools during the last 19 years.
NEW YORK. April 22 MP),— Reeve
Schley, president of the American -
Russian Chamber of Commerce, re
ported today a 200 per cent increase
in 1935, over 1934, in the purchases
by the Soviet government in the
United States.

The United States office of educa
tion reports a decrease of about 30
per cent in the number of one-room
schools during the last 19 years.
NEW YORK. April 22 MP),— Reeve
Schley, president of the American -
Russian Chamber of Commerce, re
ported today a 200 per cent increase
in 1935, over 1934, in the purchases
by the Soviet government in the
United States.

The United States office of educa
tion reports a decrease of about 30
per cent in the number of one-room
schools during the last 19 years.
NEW YORK. April 22 MP),— Reeve
Schley, president of the American -
Russian Chamber of Commerce, re
ported today a 200 per cent increase
in 1935, over 1934, in the purchases
by the Soviet government in the
United States.

The United States office of educa
tion reports a decrease of about 30
per cent in the number of one-room
schools during the last 19 years.
NEW YORK. April 22 MP),— Reeve
Schley, president of the American -
Russian Chamber of Commerce, re
ported today a 200 per cent increase
in 1935, over 1934, in the purchases
by the Soviet government in the
United States.

The United States office of educa
tion reports a decrease of about 30
per cent in the number of one-room
schools during the last 19 years.
NEW YORK. April 22 MP),— Reeve
Schley, president of the American -
Russian Chamber of Commerce, re
ported today a 200 per cent increase
in 1935, over 1934, in the purchases
by the Soviet government in the
United States.

The United States office of educa
tion reports a decrease of about 30
per cent in the number of one-room
schools during the last 19 years.
NEW YORK. April 22 MP),— Reeve
Schley, president of the American -
Russian Chamber of Commerce, re
ported today a 200 per cent increase
in 1935, over 1934, in the purchases
by the Soviet government in the
United States.

The United States office of educa
tion reports a decrease of about 30
per cent in the number of one-room
schools during the last 19 years.
NEW YORK. April 22 MP),— Reeve
Schley, president of the American -
Russian Chamber of Commerce, re
ported today a 200 per cent increase
in 1935, over 1934, in the purchases
by the Soviet government in the
United States.

The United States office of educa
tion reports a decrease of about 30
per cent in the number of one-room
schools during the last 19 years.
NEW YORK. April 22 MP),— Reeve
Schley, president of the American -
Russian Chamber of Commerce, re
ported today a 200 per cent increase
in 1935, over 1934, in the purchases
by the Soviet government in the
United States.

The United States office of educa
tion reports a decrease of about 30
per cent in the number of one-room
schools during the last 19 years.
NEW YORK. April 22 MP),— Reeve
Schley, president of the American -
Russian Chamber of Commerce, re
ported today a 200 per cent increase
in 1935, over 1934, in the purchases
by the Soviet government in the
United States.

The United States office of educa
tion reports a decrease of about 30
per cent in the number of one-room
schools during the last 19 years.
NEW YORK. April 22 MP),— Reeve
Schley, president of the American -
Russian Chamber of Commerce, re
ported today a 200 per cent increase
in 1935, over 1934, in the purchases
by the Soviet government in the
United States.

The United States office of educa
tion reports a decrease of about 30
per cent in the number of one-room
schools during the last 19 years.
NEW YORK. April 22 MP),— Reeve
Schley, president of the American -
Russian Chamber of Commerce, re
ported today a 200 per cent increase
in 1935, over 1934, in the purchases
by the Soviet government in the
United States.

The United States office of educa
tion reports a decrease of about 30
per cent in the number of one-room
schools during the last 19 years.
NEW YORK. April 22 MP),— Reeve
Schley, president of the American -
Russian Chamber of Commerce, re
ported today a 200 per cent increase
in 1935, over 1934, in the purchases
by the Soviet government in the
United States.

The United States office of educa
tion reports a decrease of about 30
per cent in the number of one-room
schools during the last 19 years.
NEW YORK. April 22 MP),— Reeve
Schley, president of the American -
Russian Chamber of Commerce, re
ported today a 200 per cent increase
in 1935, over 1934, in the purchases
by the Soviet government in the
United States.

The United States office of educa
tion reports a decrease of about 30
per cent in the number of one-room
schools during the last 19 years.
NEW YORK. April 22 MP),— Reeve
Schley, president of the American -
Russian Chamber of Commerce, re
ported today a 200 per cent increase
in 1935, over 1934, in the purchases
by the Soviet government in the
United States.

The United States office of educa
tion reports a decrease of about 30
per cent in the number of one-room
schools during the last 19 years.
