# Legis Agenda
## 
### 
The ASSU Legislature will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Excom room
in the Student Union. Election
Hoard chairman Eric Flicker will
report on the primary election.
The ASSU Legislature will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Excom room
in the Student Union. Election
Hoard chairman Eric Flicker will
report on the primary election.
The ASSU Legislature will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Excom room
in the Student Union. Election
Hoard chairman Eric Flicker will
report on the primary election.
The ASSU Legislature will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Excom room
in the Student Union. Election
Hoard chairman Eric Flicker will
report on the primary election.
The ASSU Legislature will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Excom room
in the Student Union. Election
Hoard chairman Eric Flicker will
report on the primary election.
The ASSU Legislature will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Excom room
in the Student Union. Election
Hoard chairman Eric Flicker will
report on the primary election.
The ASSU Legislature will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Excom room
in the Student Union. Election
Hoard chairman Eric Flicker will
report on the primary election.
The ASSU Legislature will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Excom room
in the Student Union. Election
Hoard chairman Eric Flicker will
report on the primary election.
The ASSU Legislature will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Excom room
in the Student Union. Election
Hoard chairman Eric Flicker will
report on the primary election.
The ASSU Legislature will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Excom room
in the Student Union. Election
Hoard chairman Eric Flicker will
report on the primary election.
The ASSU Legislature will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Excom room
in the Student Union. Election
Hoard chairman Eric Flicker will
report on the primary election.
The ASSU Legislature will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Excom room
in the Student Union. Election
Hoard chairman Eric Flicker will
report on the primary election.
The ASSU Legislature will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Excom room
in the Student Union. Election
Hoard chairman Eric Flicker will
report on the primary election.
The ASSU Legislature will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Excom room
in the Student Union. Election
Hoard chairman Eric Flicker will
report on the primary election.
The ASSU Legislature will meet
tonight at 7:30 in the Excom room
in the Student Union. Election
Hoard chairman Eric Flicker will
report on the primary election.
