# Farm Med Student Marries in Tucson
## 
### 
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 17 (/P>. —
Aubrey H. Westinghou.se, Stanford
medical student and grandson of
George Westinghousc, inventor of
the air brake, and Miss Carlene
"Connie" Curran, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John M. Curran of Santa
Barbara, were married in the Grace
Episcopal Church here this after
noon.
Reverend E. C. Tuthill performed
the double ring ceremony and the
only others present were Regina
Horley and Hugh Curran, brother of
the bride.
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 17 (/P>. —
Aubrey H. Westinghou.se, Stanford
medical student and grandson of
George Westinghousc, inventor of
the air brake, and Miss Carlene
"Connie" Curran, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John M. Curran of Santa
Barbara, were married in the Grace
Episcopal Church here this after
noon.
Reverend E. C. Tuthill performed
the double ring ceremony and the
only others present were Regina
Horley and Hugh Curran, brother of
the bride.
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 17 (/P>. —
Aubrey H. Westinghou.se, Stanford
medical student and grandson of
George Westinghousc, inventor of
the air brake, and Miss Carlene
"Connie" Curran, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John M. Curran of Santa
Barbara, were married in the Grace
Episcopal Church here this after
noon.
Reverend E. C. Tuthill performed
the double ring ceremony and the
only others present were Regina
Horley and Hugh Curran, brother of
the bride.
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 17 (/P>. —
Aubrey H. Westinghou.se, Stanford
medical student and grandson of
George Westinghousc, inventor of
the air brake, and Miss Carlene
"Connie" Curran, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John M. Curran of Santa
Barbara, were married in the Grace
Episcopal Church here this after
noon.
Reverend E. C. Tuthill performed
the double ring ceremony and the
only others present were Regina
Horley and Hugh Curran, brother of
the bride.
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 17 (/P>. —
Aubrey H. Westinghou.se, Stanford
medical student and grandson of
George Westinghousc, inventor of
the air brake, and Miss Carlene
"Connie" Curran, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John M. Curran of Santa
Barbara, were married in the Grace
Episcopal Church here this after
noon.
Reverend E. C. Tuthill performed
the double ring ceremony and the
only others present were Regina
Horley and Hugh Curran, brother of
the bride.
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 17 (/P>. —
Aubrey H. Westinghou.se, Stanford
medical student and grandson of
George Westinghousc, inventor of
the air brake, and Miss Carlene
"Connie" Curran, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John M. Curran of Santa
Barbara, were married in the Grace
Episcopal Church here this after
noon.
Reverend E. C. Tuthill performed
the double ring ceremony and the
only others present were Regina
Horley and Hugh Curran, brother of
the bride.
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 17 (/P>. —
Aubrey H. Westinghou.se, Stanford
medical student and grandson of
George Westinghousc, inventor of
the air brake, and Miss Carlene
"Connie" Curran, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John M. Curran of Santa
Barbara, were married in the Grace
Episcopal Church here this after
noon.
Reverend E. C. Tuthill performed
the double ring ceremony and the
only others present were Regina
Horley and Hugh Curran, brother of
the bride.
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 17 (/P>. —
Aubrey H. Westinghou.se, Stanford
medical student and grandson of
George Westinghousc, inventor of
the air brake, and Miss Carlene
"Connie" Curran, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John M. Curran of Santa
Barbara, were married in the Grace
Episcopal Church here this after
noon.
Reverend E. C. Tuthill performed
the double ring ceremony and the
only others present were Regina
Horley and Hugh Curran, brother of
the bride.
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 17 (/P>. —
Aubrey H. Westinghou.se, Stanford
medical student and grandson of
George Westinghousc, inventor of
the air brake, and Miss Carlene
"Connie" Curran, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John M. Curran of Santa
Barbara, were married in the Grace
Episcopal Church here this after
noon.
Reverend E. C. Tuthill performed
the double ring ceremony and the
only others present were Regina
Horley and Hugh Curran, brother of
the bride.
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 17 (/P>. —
Aubrey H. Westinghou.se, Stanford
medical student and grandson of
George Westinghousc, inventor of
the air brake, and Miss Carlene
"Connie" Curran, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John M. Curran of Santa
Barbara, were married in the Grace
Episcopal Church here this after
noon.
Reverend E. C. Tuthill performed
the double ring ceremony and the
only others present were Regina
Horley and Hugh Curran, brother of
the bride.
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 17 (/P>. —
Aubrey H. Westinghou.se, Stanford
medical student and grandson of
George Westinghousc, inventor of
the air brake, and Miss Carlene
"Connie" Curran, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John M. Curran of Santa
Barbara, were married in the Grace
Episcopal Church here this after
noon.
Reverend E. C. Tuthill performed
the double ring ceremony and the
only others present were Regina
Horley and Hugh Curran, brother of
the bride.
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 17 (/P>. —
Aubrey H. Westinghou.se, Stanford
medical student and grandson of
George Westinghousc, inventor of
the air brake, and Miss Carlene
"Connie" Curran, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John M. Curran of Santa
Barbara, were married in the Grace
Episcopal Church here this after
noon.
Reverend E. C. Tuthill performed
the double ring ceremony and the
only others present were Regina
Horley and Hugh Curran, brother of
the bride.
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 17 (/P>. —
Aubrey H. Westinghou.se, Stanford
medical student and grandson of
George Westinghousc, inventor of
the air brake, and Miss Carlene
"Connie" Curran, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John M. Curran of Santa
Barbara, were married in the Grace
Episcopal Church here this after
noon.
Reverend E. C. Tuthill performed
the double ring ceremony and the
only others present were Regina
Horley and Hugh Curran, brother of
the bride.
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 17 (/P>. —
Aubrey H. Westinghou.se, Stanford
medical student and grandson of
George Westinghousc, inventor of
the air brake, and Miss Carlene
"Connie" Curran, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John M. Curran of Santa
Barbara, were married in the Grace
Episcopal Church here this after
noon.
Reverend E. C. Tuthill performed
the double ring ceremony and the
only others present were Regina
Horley and Hugh Curran, brother of
the bride.
TUCSON, Ariz., Oct. 17 (/P>. —
Aubrey H. Westinghou.se, Stanford
medical student and grandson of
George Westinghousc, inventor of
the air brake, and Miss Carlene
"Connie" Curran, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John M. Curran of Santa
Barbara, were married in the Grace
Episcopal Church here this after
noon.
Reverend E. C. Tuthill performed
the double ring ceremony and the
only others present were Regina
Horley and Hugh Curran, brother of
the bride.
