# Folk Tales Will Be Traced by Speaker
## 
### 
The greater part of our folklore
traces back through Europe to the
Orient, Professor Aurelio Macedonio
Espinosa, executive head of the de
partment of Romanic languages, said
yesterday in advance of a radio talk
on "The Origin of Folk Tales," to be
broadcast from station KGO Monday
evening on the Stanford Radio Hour.
Professor Espinosa is an associate
editor of the Journal of Folklore and
a former president of the American
Folklore Society.
The greater part of our folklore
traces back through Europe to the
Orient, Professor Aurelio Macedonio
Espinosa, executive head of the de
partment of Romanic languages, said
yesterday in advance of a radio talk
on "The Origin of Folk Tales," to be
broadcast from station KGO Monday
evening on the Stanford Radio Hour.
Professor Espinosa is an associate
editor of the Journal of Folklore and
a former president of the American
Folklore Society.
The greater part of our folklore
traces back through Europe to the
Orient, Professor Aurelio Macedonio
Espinosa, executive head of the de
partment of Romanic languages, said
yesterday in advance of a radio talk
on "The Origin of Folk Tales," to be
broadcast from station KGO Monday
evening on the Stanford Radio Hour.
Professor Espinosa is an associate
editor of the Journal of Folklore and
a former president of the American
Folklore Society.
The greater part of our folklore
traces back through Europe to the
Orient, Professor Aurelio Macedonio
Espinosa, executive head of the de
partment of Romanic languages, said
yesterday in advance of a radio talk
on "The Origin of Folk Tales," to be
broadcast from station KGO Monday
evening on the Stanford Radio Hour.
Professor Espinosa is an associate
editor of the Journal of Folklore and
a former president of the American
Folklore Society.
The greater part of our folklore
traces back through Europe to the
Orient, Professor Aurelio Macedonio
Espinosa, executive head of the de
partment of Romanic languages, said
yesterday in advance of a radio talk
on "The Origin of Folk Tales," to be
broadcast from station KGO Monday
evening on the Stanford Radio Hour.
Professor Espinosa is an associate
editor of the Journal of Folklore and
a former president of the American
Folklore Society.
The greater part of our folklore
traces back through Europe to the
Orient, Professor Aurelio Macedonio
Espinosa, executive head of the de
partment of Romanic languages, said
yesterday in advance of a radio talk
on "The Origin of Folk Tales," to be
broadcast from station KGO Monday
evening on the Stanford Radio Hour.
Professor Espinosa is an associate
editor of the Journal of Folklore and
a former president of the American
Folklore Society.
The greater part of our folklore
traces back through Europe to the
Orient, Professor Aurelio Macedonio
Espinosa, executive head of the de
partment of Romanic languages, said
yesterday in advance of a radio talk
on "The Origin of Folk Tales," to be
broadcast from station KGO Monday
evening on the Stanford Radio Hour.
Professor Espinosa is an associate
editor of the Journal of Folklore and
a former president of the American
Folklore Society.
The greater part of our folklore
traces back through Europe to the
Orient, Professor Aurelio Macedonio
Espinosa, executive head of the de
partment of Romanic languages, said
yesterday in advance of a radio talk
on "The Origin of Folk Tales," to be
broadcast from station KGO Monday
evening on the Stanford Radio Hour.
Professor Espinosa is an associate
editor of the Journal of Folklore and
a former president of the American
Folklore Society.
The greater part of our folklore
traces back through Europe to the
Orient, Professor Aurelio Macedonio
Espinosa, executive head of the de
partment of Romanic languages, said
yesterday in advance of a radio talk
on "The Origin of Folk Tales," to be
broadcast from station KGO Monday
evening on the Stanford Radio Hour.
Professor Espinosa is an associate
editor of the Journal of Folklore and
a former president of the American
Folklore Society.
The greater part of our folklore
traces back through Europe to the
Orient, Professor Aurelio Macedonio
Espinosa, executive head of the de
partment of Romanic languages, said
yesterday in advance of a radio talk
on "The Origin of Folk Tales," to be
broadcast from station KGO Monday
evening on the Stanford Radio Hour.
Professor Espinosa is an associate
editor of the Journal of Folklore and
a former president of the American
Folklore Society.
The greater part of our folklore
traces back through Europe to the
Orient, Professor Aurelio Macedonio
Espinosa, executive head of the de
partment of Romanic languages, said
yesterday in advance of a radio talk
on "The Origin of Folk Tales," to be
broadcast from station KGO Monday
evening on the Stanford Radio Hour.
Professor Espinosa is an associate
editor of the Journal of Folklore and
a former president of the American
Folklore Society.
The greater part of our folklore
traces back through Europe to the
Orient, Professor Aurelio Macedonio
Espinosa, executive head of the de
partment of Romanic languages, said
yesterday in advance of a radio talk
on "The Origin of Folk Tales," to be
broadcast from station KGO Monday
evening on the Stanford Radio Hour.
Professor Espinosa is an associate
editor of the Journal of Folklore and
a former president of the American
Folklore Society.
The greater part of our folklore
traces back through Europe to the
Orient, Professor Aurelio Macedonio
Espinosa, executive head of the de
partment of Romanic languages, said
yesterday in advance of a radio talk
on "The Origin of Folk Tales," to be
broadcast from station KGO Monday
evening on the Stanford Radio Hour.
Professor Espinosa is an associate
editor of the Journal of Folklore and
a former president of the American
Folklore Society.
The greater part of our folklore
traces back through Europe to the
Orient, Professor Aurelio Macedonio
Espinosa, executive head of the de
partment of Romanic languages, said
yesterday in advance of a radio talk
on "The Origin of Folk Tales," to be
broadcast from station KGO Monday
evening on the Stanford Radio Hour.
Professor Espinosa is an associate
editor of the Journal of Folklore and
a former president of the American
Folklore Society.
The greater part of our folklore
traces back through Europe to the
Orient, Professor Aurelio Macedonio
Espinosa, executive head of the de
partment of Romanic languages, said
yesterday in advance of a radio talk
on "The Origin of Folk Tales," to be
broadcast from station KGO Monday
evening on the Stanford Radio Hour.
Professor Espinosa is an associate
editor of the Journal of Folklore and
a former president of the American
Folklore Society.
