# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
NEW
NECKWEAR
For Spring
Collars, Vestees. Sets
$7.50 to $3.50
Lovely lacy styles for your
choosing.
•
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
For Spring
Collars, Vestees. Sets
$7.50 to $3.50
Lovely lacy styles for your
choosing.
•
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
For Spring
Collars, Vestees. Sets
$7.50 to $3.50
Lovely lacy styles for your
choosing.
•
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
For Spring
Collars, Vestees. Sets
$7.50 to $3.50
Lovely lacy styles for your
choosing.
•
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
For Spring
Collars, Vestees. Sets
$7.50 to $3.50
Lovely lacy styles for your
choosing.
•
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
For Spring
Collars, Vestees. Sets
$7.50 to $3.50
Lovely lacy styles for your
choosing.
•
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
For Spring
Collars, Vestees. Sets
$7.50 to $3.50
Lovely lacy styles for your
choosing.
•
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
For Spring
Collars, Vestees. Sets
$7.50 to $3.50
Lovely lacy styles for your
choosing.
•
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
For Spring
Collars, Vestees. Sets
$7.50 to $3.50
Lovely lacy styles for your
choosing.
•
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
For Spring
Collars, Vestees. Sets
$7.50 to $3.50
Lovely lacy styles for your
choosing.
•
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
For Spring
Collars, Vestees. Sets
$7.50 to $3.50
Lovely lacy styles for your
choosing.
•
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
For Spring
Collars, Vestees. Sets
$7.50 to $3.50
Lovely lacy styles for your
choosing.
•
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
For Spring
Collars, Vestees. Sets
$7.50 to $3.50
Lovely lacy styles for your
choosing.
•
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
For Spring
Collars, Vestees. Sets
$7.50 to $3.50
Lovely lacy styles for your
choosing.
•
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
For Spring
Collars, Vestees. Sets
$7.50 to $3.50
Lovely lacy styles for your
choosing.
•
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
For Spring
Collars, Vestees. Sets
$7.50 to $3.50
Lovely lacy styles for your
choosing.
•
355 University Ave.
NEW
NECKWEAR
For Spring
Collars, Vestees. Sets
$7.50 to $3.50
Lovely lacy styles for your
choosing.
•
355 University Ave.
