# Adv. 28 Page 11
## 
### 
Shop Center jobs(o balsamhill.com
Earn $800-$3200 a month to drive
brand new cars with ads placed on
them. www. Ad Drive' 1 "eam.com
Now 2bd/2ba+loft penthouse condo
$2400/obo nr lOlfrwy/Univ. Ave.
Inside laundry,secure bldg+gar.
65(U8(U)220\V^nd^^^^^^^^
WRITING CONSULTANT
Got a deadline? Need to write an
application, talk, intro., diss,
proposal, letter, percipient
narrative? Experienced author,
former Marshall Scholar can
help you write muscular prose.
Contact 650-380-2466 or
deathlessprose@hotmail.com
Stanford refs. available.
PROFESSIONAL EDITOR/
WRITER, Ph.D Academi< oi cre
ative. Edited 100+ books foi I C
Press, Stanford, Oxford, etc.
(650) 233-9333.
Healthy men needed-Earn $20
Contact Dave: (650)312-1308
