# Adv. 15 Page 5
## 
### 
Note Script
For
NOTE TAKING
Saves 70% over longhand.
Easy to learn. Legible
when cold.
SEE
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Note Script
For
NOTE TAKING
Saves 70% over longhand.
Easy to learn. Legible
when cold.
SEE
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Note Script
For
NOTE TAKING
Saves 70% over longhand.
Easy to learn. Legible
when cold.
SEE
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Note Script
For
NOTE TAKING
Saves 70% over longhand.
Easy to learn. Legible
when cold.
SEE
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Note Script
For
NOTE TAKING
Saves 70% over longhand.
Easy to learn. Legible
when cold.
SEE
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Note Script
For
NOTE TAKING
Saves 70% over longhand.
Easy to learn. Legible
when cold.
SEE
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Note Script
For
NOTE TAKING
Saves 70% over longhand.
Easy to learn. Legible
when cold.
SEE
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Note Script
For
NOTE TAKING
Saves 70% over longhand.
Easy to learn. Legible
when cold.
SEE
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Note Script
For
NOTE TAKING
Saves 70% over longhand.
Easy to learn. Legible
when cold.
SEE
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Note Script
For
NOTE TAKING
Saves 70% over longhand.
Easy to learn. Legible
when cold.
SEE
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Note Script
For
NOTE TAKING
Saves 70% over longhand.
Easy to learn. Legible
when cold.
SEE
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Note Script
For
NOTE TAKING
Saves 70% over longhand.
Easy to learn. Legible
when cold.
SEE
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Note Script
For
NOTE TAKING
Saves 70% over longhand.
Easy to learn. Legible
when cold.
SEE
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Note Script
For
NOTE TAKING
Saves 70% over longhand.
Easy to learn. Legible
when cold.
SEE
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Note Script
For
NOTE TAKING
Saves 70% over longhand.
Easy to learn. Legible
when cold.
SEE
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
Note Script
For
NOTE TAKING
Saves 70% over longhand.
Easy to learn. Legible
when cold.
SEE
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
