# Nitery, Game Dance Mark Weekend Bill
## Cellar Stays Open Till 1; Haller Plays Saturday In Women's Gym 
### 
Stanford campus offers a double
header dance bill over the week-end,
what with Nitery this evening and
Cardinals' after-game dance tomor
row night.
For the first time in years, the Cel
lar stays open until 1:00 in order to
co-operate with the Nitery, which
lasts from 10 to 1 in the A.S.S.U.
lobby. Miss Christine Picker, Union
manager, had previously arranged to
keep the place going until midnight.
This new provision will enable dan
cers to drop down for a coke or
sandwich any time until the Nitery
itself closes.
No definite motif, such as Hallow
e'en furnished for last Saturday's
dance, has been adopted, but lights
and colored paper effects will com
bine adornment with the simplicity
demanded by an informal student
night spot.
Game Dance Saturday
As the Nitery is not a jolly-up,
cutting in will not be encouraged,
though it is not necessary to have a
date to come.
Stanford's red and white will min
gle with the purple and gold of
Washington in special lighting tech
nique at the A.SS.U. dance Satur
day from 9 to 12.
''Different," according to Cardinal
dancc chairman Jack Calderwood,
the after - Washington - game affair
expects to furnish entertainment to
a large crowd of Huskies as well
as Indians.
Last Dancc in Dark
George Haller's orchestra and
Yvonne Beattie's singing provide the
music, with $1 bids celling at the
P. 0., A.S.S.U. office, and at the gate.
At 11:15, all lights except the spot
lighted and mirrored red-white
purple-gold go out, and the last
dance begins. Old favorites in a
45-minute medley arrangement fea
ture this number.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Roth, Mr. and Mrs. John Bunn, and
Miss Vivian Church.
Stanford campus offers a double
header dance bill over the week-end,
what with Nitery this evening and
Cardinals' after-game dance tomor
row night.
For the first time in years, the Cel
lar stays open until 1:00 in order to
co-operate with the Nitery, which
lasts from 10 to 1 in the A.S.S.U.
lobby. Miss Christine Picker, Union
manager, had previously arranged to
keep the place going until midnight.
This new provision will enable dan
cers to drop down for a coke or
sandwich any time until the Nitery
itself closes.
No definite motif, such as Hallow
e'en furnished for last Saturday's
dance, has been adopted, but lights
and colored paper effects will com
bine adornment with the simplicity
demanded by an informal student
night spot.
Game Dance Saturday
As the Nitery is not a jolly-up,
cutting in will not be encouraged,
though it is not necessary to have a
date to come.
Stanford's red and white will min
gle with the purple and gold of
Washington in special lighting tech
nique at the A.SS.U. dance Satur
day from 9 to 12.
''Different," according to Cardinal
dancc chairman Jack Calderwood,
the after - Washington - game affair
expects to furnish entertainment to
a large crowd of Huskies as well
as Indians.
Last Dancc in Dark
George Haller's orchestra and
Yvonne Beattie's singing provide the
music, with $1 bids celling at the
P. 0., A.S.S.U. office, and at the gate.
At 11:15, all lights except the spot
lighted and mirrored red-white
purple-gold go out, and the last
dance begins. Old favorites in a
45-minute medley arrangement fea
ture this number.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Roth, Mr. and Mrs. John Bunn, and
Miss Vivian Church.
Stanford campus offers a double
header dance bill over the week-end,
what with Nitery this evening and
Cardinals' after-game dance tomor
row night.
For the first time in years, the Cel
lar stays open until 1:00 in order to
co-operate with the Nitery, which
lasts from 10 to 1 in the A.S.S.U.
lobby. Miss Christine Picker, Union
manager, had previously arranged to
keep the place going until midnight.
This new provision will enable dan
cers to drop down for a coke or
sandwich any time until the Nitery
itself closes.
No definite motif, such as Hallow
e'en furnished for last Saturday's
dance, has been adopted, but lights
and colored paper effects will com
bine adornment with the simplicity
demanded by an informal student
night spot.
Game Dance Saturday
As the Nitery is not a jolly-up,
cutting in will not be encouraged,
though it is not necessary to have a
date to come.
Stanford's red and white will min
gle with the purple and gold of
Washington in special lighting tech
nique at the A.SS.U. dance Satur
day from 9 to 12.
''Different," according to Cardinal
dancc chairman Jack Calderwood,
the after - Washington - game affair
expects to furnish entertainment to
a large crowd of Huskies as well
as Indians.
Last Dancc in Dark
George Haller's orchestra and
Yvonne Beattie's singing provide the
music, with $1 bids celling at the
P. 0., A.S.S.U. office, and at the gate.
At 11:15, all lights except the spot
lighted and mirrored red-white
purple-gold go out, and the last
dance begins. Old favorites in a
45-minute medley arrangement fea
ture this number.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Roth, Mr. and Mrs. John Bunn, and
Miss Vivian Church.
Stanford campus offers a double
header dance bill over the week-end,
what with Nitery this evening and
Cardinals' after-game dance tomor
row night.
For the first time in years, the Cel
lar stays open until 1:00 in order to
co-operate with the Nitery, which
lasts from 10 to 1 in the A.S.S.U.
lobby. Miss Christine Picker, Union
manager, had previously arranged to
keep the place going until midnight.
This new provision will enable dan
cers to drop down for a coke or
sandwich any time until the Nitery
itself closes.
No definite motif, such as Hallow
e'en furnished for last Saturday's
dance, has been adopted, but lights
and colored paper effects will com
bine adornment with the simplicity
demanded by an informal student
night spot.
Game Dance Saturday
As the Nitery is not a jolly-up,
cutting in will not be encouraged,
though it is not necessary to have a
date to come.
Stanford's red and white will min
gle with the purple and gold of
Washington in special lighting tech
nique at the A.SS.U. dance Satur
day from 9 to 12.
''Different," according to Cardinal
dancc chairman Jack Calderwood,
the after - Washington - game affair
expects to furnish entertainment to
a large crowd of Huskies as well
as Indians.
Last Dancc in Dark
George Haller's orchestra and
Yvonne Beattie's singing provide the
music, with $1 bids celling at the
P. 0., A.S.S.U. office, and at the gate.
At 11:15, all lights except the spot
lighted and mirrored red-white
purple-gold go out, and the last
dance begins. Old favorites in a
45-minute medley arrangement fea
ture this number.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Roth, Mr. and Mrs. John Bunn, and
Miss Vivian Church.
Stanford campus offers a double
header dance bill over the week-end,
what with Nitery this evening and
Cardinals' after-game dance tomor
row night.
For the first time in years, the Cel
lar stays open until 1:00 in order to
co-operate with the Nitery, which
lasts from 10 to 1 in the A.S.S.U.
lobby. Miss Christine Picker, Union
manager, had previously arranged to
keep the place going until midnight.
This new provision will enable dan
cers to drop down for a coke or
sandwich any time until the Nitery
itself closes.
No definite motif, such as Hallow
e'en furnished for last Saturday's
dance, has been adopted, but lights
and colored paper effects will com
bine adornment with the simplicity
demanded by an informal student
night spot.
Game Dance Saturday
As the Nitery is not a jolly-up,
cutting in will not be encouraged,
though it is not necessary to have a
date to come.
Stanford's red and white will min
gle with the purple and gold of
Washington in special lighting tech
nique at the A.SS.U. dance Satur
day from 9 to 12.
''Different," according to Cardinal
dancc chairman Jack Calderwood,
the after - Washington - game affair
expects to furnish entertainment to
a large crowd of Huskies as well
as Indians.
Last Dancc in Dark
George Haller's orchestra and
Yvonne Beattie's singing provide the
music, with $1 bids celling at the
P. 0., A.S.S.U. office, and at the gate.
At 11:15, all lights except the spot
lighted and mirrored red-white
purple-gold go out, and the last
dance begins. Old favorites in a
45-minute medley arrangement fea
ture this number.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Roth, Mr. and Mrs. John Bunn, and
Miss Vivian Church.
Stanford campus offers a double
header dance bill over the week-end,
what with Nitery this evening and
Cardinals' after-game dance tomor
row night.
For the first time in years, the Cel
lar stays open until 1:00 in order to
co-operate with the Nitery, which
lasts from 10 to 1 in the A.S.S.U.
lobby. Miss Christine Picker, Union
manager, had previously arranged to
keep the place going until midnight.
This new provision will enable dan
cers to drop down for a coke or
sandwich any time until the Nitery
itself closes.
No definite motif, such as Hallow
e'en furnished for last Saturday's
dance, has been adopted, but lights
and colored paper effects will com
bine adornment with the simplicity
demanded by an informal student
night spot.
Game Dance Saturday
As the Nitery is not a jolly-up,
cutting in will not be encouraged,
though it is not necessary to have a
date to come.
Stanford's red and white will min
gle with the purple and gold of
Washington in special lighting tech
nique at the A.SS.U. dance Satur
day from 9 to 12.
''Different," according to Cardinal
dancc chairman Jack Calderwood,
the after - Washington - game affair
expects to furnish entertainment to
a large crowd of Huskies as well
as Indians.
Last Dancc in Dark
George Haller's orchestra and
Yvonne Beattie's singing provide the
music, with $1 bids celling at the
P. 0., A.S.S.U. office, and at the gate.
At 11:15, all lights except the spot
lighted and mirrored red-white
purple-gold go out, and the last
dance begins. Old favorites in a
45-minute medley arrangement fea
ture this number.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Roth, Mr. and Mrs. John Bunn, and
Miss Vivian Church.
Stanford campus offers a double
header dance bill over the week-end,
what with Nitery this evening and
Cardinals' after-game dance tomor
row night.
For the first time in years, the Cel
lar stays open until 1:00 in order to
co-operate with the Nitery, which
lasts from 10 to 1 in the A.S.S.U.
lobby. Miss Christine Picker, Union
manager, had previously arranged to
keep the place going until midnight.
This new provision will enable dan
cers to drop down for a coke or
sandwich any time until the Nitery
itself closes.
No definite motif, such as Hallow
e'en furnished for last Saturday's
dance, has been adopted, but lights
and colored paper effects will com
bine adornment with the simplicity
demanded by an informal student
night spot.
Game Dance Saturday
As the Nitery is not a jolly-up,
cutting in will not be encouraged,
though it is not necessary to have a
date to come.
Stanford's red and white will min
gle with the purple and gold of
Washington in special lighting tech
nique at the A.SS.U. dance Satur
day from 9 to 12.
''Different," according to Cardinal
dancc chairman Jack Calderwood,
the after - Washington - game affair
expects to furnish entertainment to
a large crowd of Huskies as well
as Indians.
Last Dancc in Dark
George Haller's orchestra and
Yvonne Beattie's singing provide the
music, with $1 bids celling at the
P. 0., A.S.S.U. office, and at the gate.
At 11:15, all lights except the spot
lighted and mirrored red-white
purple-gold go out, and the last
dance begins. Old favorites in a
45-minute medley arrangement fea
ture this number.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Roth, Mr. and Mrs. John Bunn, and
Miss Vivian Church.
Stanford campus offers a double
header dance bill over the week-end,
what with Nitery this evening and
Cardinals' after-game dance tomor
row night.
For the first time in years, the Cel
lar stays open until 1:00 in order to
co-operate with the Nitery, which
lasts from 10 to 1 in the A.S.S.U.
lobby. Miss Christine Picker, Union
manager, had previously arranged to
keep the place going until midnight.
This new provision will enable dan
cers to drop down for a coke or
sandwich any time until the Nitery
itself closes.
No definite motif, such as Hallow
e'en furnished for last Saturday's
dance, has been adopted, but lights
and colored paper effects will com
bine adornment with the simplicity
demanded by an informal student
night spot.
Game Dance Saturday
As the Nitery is not a jolly-up,
cutting in will not be encouraged,
though it is not necessary to have a
date to come.
Stanford's red and white will min
gle with the purple and gold of
Washington in special lighting tech
nique at the A.SS.U. dance Satur
day from 9 to 12.
''Different," according to Cardinal
dancc chairman Jack Calderwood,
the after - Washington - game affair
expects to furnish entertainment to
a large crowd of Huskies as well
as Indians.
Last Dancc in Dark
George Haller's orchestra and
Yvonne Beattie's singing provide the
music, with $1 bids celling at the
P. 0., A.S.S.U. office, and at the gate.
At 11:15, all lights except the spot
lighted and mirrored red-white
purple-gold go out, and the last
dance begins. Old favorites in a
45-minute medley arrangement fea
ture this number.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Roth, Mr. and Mrs. John Bunn, and
Miss Vivian Church.
Stanford campus offers a double
header dance bill over the week-end,
what with Nitery this evening and
Cardinals' after-game dance tomor
row night.
For the first time in years, the Cel
lar stays open until 1:00 in order to
co-operate with the Nitery, which
lasts from 10 to 1 in the A.S.S.U.
lobby. Miss Christine Picker, Union
manager, had previously arranged to
keep the place going until midnight.
This new provision will enable dan
cers to drop down for a coke or
sandwich any time until the Nitery
itself closes.
No definite motif, such as Hallow
e'en furnished for last Saturday's
dance, has been adopted, but lights
and colored paper effects will com
bine adornment with the simplicity
demanded by an informal student
night spot.
Game Dance Saturday
As the Nitery is not a jolly-up,
cutting in will not be encouraged,
though it is not necessary to have a
date to come.
Stanford's red and white will min
gle with the purple and gold of
Washington in special lighting tech
nique at the A.SS.U. dance Satur
day from 9 to 12.
''Different," according to Cardinal
dancc chairman Jack Calderwood,
the after - Washington - game affair
expects to furnish entertainment to
a large crowd of Huskies as well
as Indians.
Last Dancc in Dark
George Haller's orchestra and
Yvonne Beattie's singing provide the
music, with $1 bids celling at the
P. 0., A.S.S.U. office, and at the gate.
At 11:15, all lights except the spot
lighted and mirrored red-white
purple-gold go out, and the last
dance begins. Old favorites in a
45-minute medley arrangement fea
ture this number.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Roth, Mr. and Mrs. John Bunn, and
Miss Vivian Church.
Stanford campus offers a double
header dance bill over the week-end,
what with Nitery this evening and
Cardinals' after-game dance tomor
row night.
For the first time in years, the Cel
lar stays open until 1:00 in order to
co-operate with the Nitery, which
lasts from 10 to 1 in the A.S.S.U.
lobby. Miss Christine Picker, Union
manager, had previously arranged to
keep the place going until midnight.
This new provision will enable dan
cers to drop down for a coke or
sandwich any time until the Nitery
itself closes.
No definite motif, such as Hallow
e'en furnished for last Saturday's
dance, has been adopted, but lights
and colored paper effects will com
bine adornment with the simplicity
demanded by an informal student
night spot.
Game Dance Saturday
As the Nitery is not a jolly-up,
cutting in will not be encouraged,
though it is not necessary to have a
date to come.
Stanford's red and white will min
gle with the purple and gold of
Washington in special lighting tech
nique at the A.SS.U. dance Satur
day from 9 to 12.
''Different," according to Cardinal
dancc chairman Jack Calderwood,
the after - Washington - game affair
expects to furnish entertainment to
a large crowd of Huskies as well
as Indians.
Last Dancc in Dark
George Haller's orchestra and
Yvonne Beattie's singing provide the
music, with $1 bids celling at the
P. 0., A.S.S.U. office, and at the gate.
At 11:15, all lights except the spot
lighted and mirrored red-white
purple-gold go out, and the last
dance begins. Old favorites in a
45-minute medley arrangement fea
ture this number.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Roth, Mr. and Mrs. John Bunn, and
Miss Vivian Church.
Stanford campus offers a double
header dance bill over the week-end,
what with Nitery this evening and
Cardinals' after-game dance tomor
row night.
For the first time in years, the Cel
lar stays open until 1:00 in order to
co-operate with the Nitery, which
lasts from 10 to 1 in the A.S.S.U.
lobby. Miss Christine Picker, Union
manager, had previously arranged to
keep the place going until midnight.
This new provision will enable dan
cers to drop down for a coke or
sandwich any time until the Nitery
itself closes.
No definite motif, such as Hallow
e'en furnished for last Saturday's
dance, has been adopted, but lights
and colored paper effects will com
bine adornment with the simplicity
demanded by an informal student
night spot.
Game Dance Saturday
As the Nitery is not a jolly-up,
cutting in will not be encouraged,
though it is not necessary to have a
date to come.
Stanford's red and white will min
gle with the purple and gold of
Washington in special lighting tech
nique at the A.SS.U. dance Satur
day from 9 to 12.
''Different," according to Cardinal
dancc chairman Jack Calderwood,
the after - Washington - game affair
expects to furnish entertainment to
a large crowd of Huskies as well
as Indians.
Last Dancc in Dark
George Haller's orchestra and
Yvonne Beattie's singing provide the
music, with $1 bids celling at the
P. 0., A.S.S.U. office, and at the gate.
At 11:15, all lights except the spot
lighted and mirrored red-white
purple-gold go out, and the last
dance begins. Old favorites in a
45-minute medley arrangement fea
ture this number.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Roth, Mr. and Mrs. John Bunn, and
Miss Vivian Church.
Stanford campus offers a double
header dance bill over the week-end,
what with Nitery this evening and
Cardinals' after-game dance tomor
row night.
For the first time in years, the Cel
lar stays open until 1:00 in order to
co-operate with the Nitery, which
lasts from 10 to 1 in the A.S.S.U.
lobby. Miss Christine Picker, Union
manager, had previously arranged to
keep the place going until midnight.
This new provision will enable dan
cers to drop down for a coke or
sandwich any time until the Nitery
itself closes.
No definite motif, such as Hallow
e'en furnished for last Saturday's
dance, has been adopted, but lights
and colored paper effects will com
bine adornment with the simplicity
demanded by an informal student
night spot.
Game Dance Saturday
As the Nitery is not a jolly-up,
cutting in will not be encouraged,
though it is not necessary to have a
date to come.
Stanford's red and white will min
gle with the purple and gold of
Washington in special lighting tech
nique at the A.SS.U. dance Satur
day from 9 to 12.
''Different," according to Cardinal
dancc chairman Jack Calderwood,
the after - Washington - game affair
expects to furnish entertainment to
a large crowd of Huskies as well
as Indians.
Last Dancc in Dark
George Haller's orchestra and
Yvonne Beattie's singing provide the
music, with $1 bids celling at the
P. 0., A.S.S.U. office, and at the gate.
At 11:15, all lights except the spot
lighted and mirrored red-white
purple-gold go out, and the last
dance begins. Old favorites in a
45-minute medley arrangement fea
ture this number.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Roth, Mr. and Mrs. John Bunn, and
Miss Vivian Church.
Stanford campus offers a double
header dance bill over the week-end,
what with Nitery this evening and
Cardinals' after-game dance tomor
row night.
For the first time in years, the Cel
lar stays open until 1:00 in order to
co-operate with the Nitery, which
lasts from 10 to 1 in the A.S.S.U.
lobby. Miss Christine Picker, Union
manager, had previously arranged to
keep the place going until midnight.
This new provision will enable dan
cers to drop down for a coke or
sandwich any time until the Nitery
itself closes.
No definite motif, such as Hallow
e'en furnished for last Saturday's
dance, has been adopted, but lights
and colored paper effects will com
bine adornment with the simplicity
demanded by an informal student
night spot.
Game Dance Saturday
As the Nitery is not a jolly-up,
cutting in will not be encouraged,
though it is not necessary to have a
date to come.
Stanford's red and white will min
gle with the purple and gold of
Washington in special lighting tech
nique at the A.SS.U. dance Satur
day from 9 to 12.
''Different," according to Cardinal
dancc chairman Jack Calderwood,
the after - Washington - game affair
expects to furnish entertainment to
a large crowd of Huskies as well
as Indians.
Last Dancc in Dark
George Haller's orchestra and
Yvonne Beattie's singing provide the
music, with $1 bids celling at the
P. 0., A.S.S.U. office, and at the gate.
At 11:15, all lights except the spot
lighted and mirrored red-white
purple-gold go out, and the last
dance begins. Old favorites in a
45-minute medley arrangement fea
ture this number.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Roth, Mr. and Mrs. John Bunn, and
Miss Vivian Church.
Stanford campus offers a double
header dance bill over the week-end,
what with Nitery this evening and
Cardinals' after-game dance tomor
row night.
For the first time in years, the Cel
lar stays open until 1:00 in order to
co-operate with the Nitery, which
lasts from 10 to 1 in the A.S.S.U.
lobby. Miss Christine Picker, Union
manager, had previously arranged to
keep the place going until midnight.
This new provision will enable dan
cers to drop down for a coke or
sandwich any time until the Nitery
itself closes.
No definite motif, such as Hallow
e'en furnished for last Saturday's
dance, has been adopted, but lights
and colored paper effects will com
bine adornment with the simplicity
demanded by an informal student
night spot.
Game Dance Saturday
As the Nitery is not a jolly-up,
cutting in will not be encouraged,
though it is not necessary to have a
date to come.
Stanford's red and white will min
gle with the purple and gold of
Washington in special lighting tech
nique at the A.SS.U. dance Satur
day from 9 to 12.
''Different," according to Cardinal
dancc chairman Jack Calderwood,
the after - Washington - game affair
expects to furnish entertainment to
a large crowd of Huskies as well
as Indians.
Last Dancc in Dark
George Haller's orchestra and
Yvonne Beattie's singing provide the
music, with $1 bids celling at the
P. 0., A.S.S.U. office, and at the gate.
At 11:15, all lights except the spot
lighted and mirrored red-white
purple-gold go out, and the last
dance begins. Old favorites in a
45-minute medley arrangement fea
ture this number.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Roth, Mr. and Mrs. John Bunn, and
Miss Vivian Church.
Stanford campus offers a double
header dance bill over the week-end,
what with Nitery this evening and
Cardinals' after-game dance tomor
row night.
For the first time in years, the Cel
lar stays open until 1:00 in order to
co-operate with the Nitery, which
lasts from 10 to 1 in the A.S.S.U.
lobby. Miss Christine Picker, Union
manager, had previously arranged to
keep the place going until midnight.
This new provision will enable dan
cers to drop down for a coke or
sandwich any time until the Nitery
itself closes.
No definite motif, such as Hallow
e'en furnished for last Saturday's
dance, has been adopted, but lights
and colored paper effects will com
bine adornment with the simplicity
demanded by an informal student
night spot.
Game Dance Saturday
As the Nitery is not a jolly-up,
cutting in will not be encouraged,
though it is not necessary to have a
date to come.
Stanford's red and white will min
gle with the purple and gold of
Washington in special lighting tech
nique at the A.SS.U. dance Satur
day from 9 to 12.
''Different," according to Cardinal
dancc chairman Jack Calderwood,
the after - Washington - game affair
expects to furnish entertainment to
a large crowd of Huskies as well
as Indians.
Last Dancc in Dark
George Haller's orchestra and
Yvonne Beattie's singing provide the
music, with $1 bids celling at the
P. 0., A.S.S.U. office, and at the gate.
At 11:15, all lights except the spot
lighted and mirrored red-white
purple-gold go out, and the last
dance begins. Old favorites in a
45-minute medley arrangement fea
ture this number.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Roth, Mr. and Mrs. John Bunn, and
Miss Vivian Church.
Stanford campus offers a double
header dance bill over the week-end,
what with Nitery this evening and
Cardinals' after-game dance tomor
row night.
For the first time in years, the Cel
lar stays open until 1:00 in order to
co-operate with the Nitery, which
lasts from 10 to 1 in the A.S.S.U.
lobby. Miss Christine Picker, Union
manager, had previously arranged to
keep the place going until midnight.
This new provision will enable dan
cers to drop down for a coke or
sandwich any time until the Nitery
itself closes.
No definite motif, such as Hallow
e'en furnished for last Saturday's
dance, has been adopted, but lights
and colored paper effects will com
bine adornment with the simplicity
demanded by an informal student
night spot.
Game Dance Saturday
As the Nitery is not a jolly-up,
cutting in will not be encouraged,
though it is not necessary to have a
date to come.
Stanford's red and white will min
gle with the purple and gold of
Washington in special lighting tech
nique at the A.SS.U. dance Satur
day from 9 to 12.
''Different," according to Cardinal
dancc chairman Jack Calderwood,
the after - Washington - game affair
expects to furnish entertainment to
a large crowd of Huskies as well
as Indians.
Last Dancc in Dark
George Haller's orchestra and
Yvonne Beattie's singing provide the
music, with $1 bids celling at the
P. 0., A.S.S.U. office, and at the gate.
At 11:15, all lights except the spot
lighted and mirrored red-white
purple-gold go out, and the last
dance begins. Old favorites in a
45-minute medley arrangement fea
ture this number.
Patrons and patronesses for the
dance will be Mr. and Mrs. A. E.
Roth, Mr. and Mrs. John Bunn, and
Miss Vivian Church.
