# Rebate Slips Due
## 
### 
The deadline for filing all Book
store rebate slips issued between
May I, 1958, and May 1, 1959, is
May 15. Envelopes arc available
at the Bookstore. The amount of
each rebate slip and the total
must be written on the envelope
by the student.
The deadline for filing all Book
store rebate slips issued between
May I, 1958, and May 1, 1959, is
May 15. Envelopes arc available
at the Bookstore. The amount of
each rebate slip and the total
must be written on the envelope
by the student.
The deadline for filing all Book
store rebate slips issued between
May I, 1958, and May 1, 1959, is
May 15. Envelopes arc available
at the Bookstore. The amount of
each rebate slip and the total
must be written on the envelope
by the student.
The deadline for filing all Book
store rebate slips issued between
May I, 1958, and May 1, 1959, is
May 15. Envelopes arc available
at the Bookstore. The amount of
each rebate slip and the total
must be written on the envelope
by the student.
The deadline for filing all Book
store rebate slips issued between
May I, 1958, and May 1, 1959, is
May 15. Envelopes arc available
at the Bookstore. The amount of
each rebate slip and the total
must be written on the envelope
by the student.
The deadline for filing all Book
store rebate slips issued between
May I, 1958, and May 1, 1959, is
May 15. Envelopes arc available
at the Bookstore. The amount of
each rebate slip and the total
must be written on the envelope
by the student.
The deadline for filing all Book
store rebate slips issued between
May I, 1958, and May 1, 1959, is
May 15. Envelopes arc available
at the Bookstore. The amount of
each rebate slip and the total
must be written on the envelope
by the student.
The deadline for filing all Book
store rebate slips issued between
May I, 1958, and May 1, 1959, is
May 15. Envelopes arc available
at the Bookstore. The amount of
each rebate slip and the total
must be written on the envelope
by the student.
The deadline for filing all Book
store rebate slips issued between
May I, 1958, and May 1, 1959, is
May 15. Envelopes arc available
at the Bookstore. The amount of
each rebate slip and the total
must be written on the envelope
by the student.
The deadline for filing all Book
store rebate slips issued between
May I, 1958, and May 1, 1959, is
May 15. Envelopes arc available
at the Bookstore. The amount of
each rebate slip and the total
must be written on the envelope
by the student.
The deadline for filing all Book
store rebate slips issued between
May I, 1958, and May 1, 1959, is
May 15. Envelopes arc available
at the Bookstore. The amount of
each rebate slip and the total
must be written on the envelope
by the student.
The deadline for filing all Book
store rebate slips issued between
May I, 1958, and May 1, 1959, is
May 15. Envelopes arc available
at the Bookstore. The amount of
each rebate slip and the total
must be written on the envelope
by the student.
The deadline for filing all Book
store rebate slips issued between
May I, 1958, and May 1, 1959, is
May 15. Envelopes arc available
at the Bookstore. The amount of
each rebate slip and the total
must be written on the envelope
by the student.
The deadline for filing all Book
store rebate slips issued between
May I, 1958, and May 1, 1959, is
May 15. Envelopes arc available
at the Bookstore. The amount of
each rebate slip and the total
must be written on the envelope
by the student.
The deadline for filing all Book
store rebate slips issued between
May I, 1958, and May 1, 1959, is
May 15. Envelopes arc available
at the Bookstore. The amount of
each rebate slip and the total
must be written on the envelope
by the student.
The deadline for filing all Book
store rebate slips issued between
May I, 1958, and May 1, 1959, is
May 15. Envelopes arc available
at the Bookstore. The amount of
each rebate slip and the total
must be written on the envelope
by the student.
The deadline for filing all Book
store rebate slips issued between
May I, 1958, and May 1, 1959, is
May 15. Envelopes arc available
at the Bookstore. The amount of
each rebate slip and the total
must be written on the envelope
by the student.
