# Meet the Cards
## 
### 
Shanahan has appeared in
several amateur tournaments
and has done well. Came in sec
ond in the Pasadena Junior
Tournament, won the All-Mid
shipmen Tourney last summer
and took second place in the
Southern Oregon Amateur two
years ago. He is a junior from
Pasadena. Major: Poli Sei.

Lamey is one of Ihe finest
natural golfers on ihc 1959
team. Has shown continual im
provement so far this season.
It is believed that with hard
work he could become the fin
est golfer ever at Stanford.
Lamey is a sophomore from
Everett, Wash. Major: General
Studies.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


MIKE SIIANAIIAN
Golf


JACK LAM FY
(Jolt
Shanahan has appeared in
several amateur tournaments
and has done well. Came in sec
ond in the Pasadena Junior
Tournament, won the All-Mid
shipmen Tourney last summer
and took second place in the
Southern Oregon Amateur two
years ago. He is a junior from
Pasadena. Major: Poli Sei.

Lamey is one of Ihe finest
natural golfers on ihc 1959
team. Has shown continual im
provement so far this season.
It is believed that with hard
work he could become the fin
est golfer ever at Stanford.
Lamey is a sophomore from
Everett, Wash. Major: General
Studies.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


MIKE SIIANAIIAN
Golf


JACK LAM FY
(Jolt
Shanahan has appeared in
several amateur tournaments
and has done well. Came in sec
ond in the Pasadena Junior
Tournament, won the All-Mid
shipmen Tourney last summer
and took second place in the
Southern Oregon Amateur two
years ago. He is a junior from
Pasadena. Major: Poli Sei.

Lamey is one of Ihe finest
natural golfers on ihc 1959
team. Has shown continual im
provement so far this season.
It is believed that with hard
work he could become the fin
est golfer ever at Stanford.
Lamey is a sophomore from
Everett, Wash. Major: General
Studies.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


MIKE SIIANAIIAN
Golf


JACK LAM FY
(Jolt
Shanahan has appeared in
several amateur tournaments
and has done well. Came in sec
ond in the Pasadena Junior
Tournament, won the All-Mid
shipmen Tourney last summer
and took second place in the
Southern Oregon Amateur two
years ago. He is a junior from
Pasadena. Major: Poli Sei.

Lamey is one of Ihe finest
natural golfers on ihc 1959
team. Has shown continual im
provement so far this season.
It is believed that with hard
work he could become the fin
est golfer ever at Stanford.
Lamey is a sophomore from
Everett, Wash. Major: General
Studies.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


MIKE SIIANAIIAN
Golf


JACK LAM FY
(Jolt
Shanahan has appeared in
several amateur tournaments
and has done well. Came in sec
ond in the Pasadena Junior
Tournament, won the All-Mid
shipmen Tourney last summer
and took second place in the
Southern Oregon Amateur two
years ago. He is a junior from
Pasadena. Major: Poli Sei.

Lamey is one of Ihe finest
natural golfers on ihc 1959
team. Has shown continual im
provement so far this season.
It is believed that with hard
work he could become the fin
est golfer ever at Stanford.
Lamey is a sophomore from
Everett, Wash. Major: General
Studies.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


MIKE SIIANAIIAN
Golf


JACK LAM FY
(Jolt
Shanahan has appeared in
several amateur tournaments
and has done well. Came in sec
ond in the Pasadena Junior
Tournament, won the All-Mid
shipmen Tourney last summer
and took second place in the
Southern Oregon Amateur two
years ago. He is a junior from
Pasadena. Major: Poli Sei.

Lamey is one of Ihe finest
natural golfers on ihc 1959
team. Has shown continual im
provement so far this season.
It is believed that with hard
work he could become the fin
est golfer ever at Stanford.
Lamey is a sophomore from
Everett, Wash. Major: General
Studies.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


MIKE SIIANAIIAN
Golf


JACK LAM FY
(Jolt
Shanahan has appeared in
several amateur tournaments
and has done well. Came in sec
ond in the Pasadena Junior
Tournament, won the All-Mid
shipmen Tourney last summer
and took second place in the
Southern Oregon Amateur two
years ago. He is a junior from
Pasadena. Major: Poli Sei.

Lamey is one of Ihe finest
natural golfers on ihc 1959
team. Has shown continual im
provement so far this season.
It is believed that with hard
work he could become the fin
est golfer ever at Stanford.
Lamey is a sophomore from
Everett, Wash. Major: General
Studies.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


MIKE SIIANAIIAN
Golf


JACK LAM FY
(Jolt
Shanahan has appeared in
several amateur tournaments
and has done well. Came in sec
ond in the Pasadena Junior
Tournament, won the All-Mid
shipmen Tourney last summer
and took second place in the
Southern Oregon Amateur two
years ago. He is a junior from
Pasadena. Major: Poli Sei.

Lamey is one of Ihe finest
natural golfers on ihc 1959
team. Has shown continual im
provement so far this season.
It is believed that with hard
work he could become the fin
est golfer ever at Stanford.
Lamey is a sophomore from
Everett, Wash. Major: General
Studies.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


MIKE SIIANAIIAN
Golf


JACK LAM FY
(Jolt
Shanahan has appeared in
several amateur tournaments
and has done well. Came in sec
ond in the Pasadena Junior
Tournament, won the All-Mid
shipmen Tourney last summer
and took second place in the
Southern Oregon Amateur two
years ago. He is a junior from
Pasadena. Major: Poli Sei.

Lamey is one of Ihe finest
natural golfers on ihc 1959
team. Has shown continual im
provement so far this season.
It is believed that with hard
work he could become the fin
est golfer ever at Stanford.
Lamey is a sophomore from
Everett, Wash. Major: General
Studies.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


MIKE SIIANAIIAN
Golf


JACK LAM FY
(Jolt
Shanahan has appeared in
several amateur tournaments
and has done well. Came in sec
ond in the Pasadena Junior
Tournament, won the All-Mid
shipmen Tourney last summer
and took second place in the
Southern Oregon Amateur two
years ago. He is a junior from
Pasadena. Major: Poli Sei.

Lamey is one of Ihe finest
natural golfers on ihc 1959
team. Has shown continual im
provement so far this season.
It is believed that with hard
work he could become the fin
est golfer ever at Stanford.
Lamey is a sophomore from
Everett, Wash. Major: General
Studies.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


MIKE SIIANAIIAN
Golf


JACK LAM FY
(Jolt
Shanahan has appeared in
several amateur tournaments
and has done well. Came in sec
ond in the Pasadena Junior
Tournament, won the All-Mid
shipmen Tourney last summer
and took second place in the
Southern Oregon Amateur two
years ago. He is a junior from
Pasadena. Major: Poli Sei.

Lamey is one of Ihe finest
natural golfers on ihc 1959
team. Has shown continual im
provement so far this season.
It is believed that with hard
work he could become the fin
est golfer ever at Stanford.
Lamey is a sophomore from
Everett, Wash. Major: General
Studies.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


MIKE SIIANAIIAN
Golf


JACK LAM FY
(Jolt
Shanahan has appeared in
several amateur tournaments
and has done well. Came in sec
ond in the Pasadena Junior
Tournament, won the All-Mid
shipmen Tourney last summer
and took second place in the
Southern Oregon Amateur two
years ago. He is a junior from
Pasadena. Major: Poli Sei.

Lamey is one of Ihe finest
natural golfers on ihc 1959
team. Has shown continual im
provement so far this season.
It is believed that with hard
work he could become the fin
est golfer ever at Stanford.
Lamey is a sophomore from
Everett, Wash. Major: General
Studies.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


MIKE SIIANAIIAN
Golf


JACK LAM FY
(Jolt
Shanahan has appeared in
several amateur tournaments
and has done well. Came in sec
ond in the Pasadena Junior
Tournament, won the All-Mid
shipmen Tourney last summer
and took second place in the
Southern Oregon Amateur two
years ago. He is a junior from
Pasadena. Major: Poli Sei.

Lamey is one of Ihe finest
natural golfers on ihc 1959
team. Has shown continual im
provement so far this season.
It is believed that with hard
work he could become the fin
est golfer ever at Stanford.
Lamey is a sophomore from
Everett, Wash. Major: General
Studies.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


MIKE SIIANAIIAN
Golf


JACK LAM FY
(Jolt
Shanahan has appeared in
several amateur tournaments
and has done well. Came in sec
ond in the Pasadena Junior
Tournament, won the All-Mid
shipmen Tourney last summer
and took second place in the
Southern Oregon Amateur two
years ago. He is a junior from
Pasadena. Major: Poli Sei.

Lamey is one of Ihe finest
natural golfers on ihc 1959
team. Has shown continual im
provement so far this season.
It is believed that with hard
work he could become the fin
est golfer ever at Stanford.
Lamey is a sophomore from
Everett, Wash. Major: General
Studies.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


MIKE SIIANAIIAN
Golf


JACK LAM FY
(Jolt
Shanahan has appeared in
several amateur tournaments
and has done well. Came in sec
ond in the Pasadena Junior
Tournament, won the All-Mid
shipmen Tourney last summer
and took second place in the
Southern Oregon Amateur two
years ago. He is a junior from
Pasadena. Major: Poli Sei.

Lamey is one of Ihe finest
natural golfers on ihc 1959
team. Has shown continual im
provement so far this season.
It is believed that with hard
work he could become the fin
est golfer ever at Stanford.
Lamey is a sophomore from
Everett, Wash. Major: General
Studies.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


MIKE SIIANAIIAN
Golf


JACK LAM FY
(Jolt
Shanahan has appeared in
several amateur tournaments
and has done well. Came in sec
ond in the Pasadena Junior
Tournament, won the All-Mid
shipmen Tourney last summer
and took second place in the
Southern Oregon Amateur two
years ago. He is a junior from
Pasadena. Major: Poli Sei.

Lamey is one of Ihe finest
natural golfers on ihc 1959
team. Has shown continual im
provement so far this season.
It is believed that with hard
work he could become the fin
est golfer ever at Stanford.
Lamey is a sophomore from
Everett, Wash. Major: General
Studies.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


MIKE SIIANAIIAN
Golf


JACK LAM FY
(Jolt
Shanahan has appeared in
several amateur tournaments
and has done well. Came in sec
ond in the Pasadena Junior
Tournament, won the All-Mid
shipmen Tourney last summer
and took second place in the
Southern Oregon Amateur two
years ago. He is a junior from
Pasadena. Major: Poli Sei.

Lamey is one of Ihe finest
natural golfers on ihc 1959
team. Has shown continual im
provement so far this season.
It is believed that with hard
work he could become the fin
est golfer ever at Stanford.
Lamey is a sophomore from
Everett, Wash. Major: General
Studies.

("Meet the Cards" appears on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


MIKE SIIANAIIAN
Golf


JACK LAM FY
(Jolt
