# Correction
## 
### 
In Monday's issue. Hie Daily incor
rectly stated the Paul leicholz. pro
fessor emeritus of civil and environ
mental engineering, works at the
Center for Integrated Facility Engi
neering (CIFE). leicholz retired
from CIFE in 1998. The current di
rector of CIFE is Civil and Environ
mental Fngineering Prof. Martin
Fischer.
In Monday's issue. Hie Daily incor
rectly stated the Paul leicholz. pro
fessor emeritus of civil and environ
mental engineering, works at the
Center for Integrated Facility Engi
neering (CIFE). leicholz retired
from CIFE in 1998. The current di
rector of CIFE is Civil and Environ
mental Fngineering Prof. Martin
Fischer.
In Monday's issue. Hie Daily incor
rectly stated the Paul leicholz. pro
fessor emeritus of civil and environ
mental engineering, works at the
Center for Integrated Facility Engi
neering (CIFE). leicholz retired
from CIFE in 1998. The current di
rector of CIFE is Civil and Environ
mental Fngineering Prof. Martin
Fischer.
In Monday's issue. Hie Daily incor
rectly stated the Paul leicholz. pro
fessor emeritus of civil and environ
mental engineering, works at the
Center for Integrated Facility Engi
neering (CIFE). leicholz retired
from CIFE in 1998. The current di
rector of CIFE is Civil and Environ
mental Fngineering Prof. Martin
Fischer.
In Monday's issue. Hie Daily incor
rectly stated the Paul leicholz. pro
fessor emeritus of civil and environ
mental engineering, works at the
Center for Integrated Facility Engi
neering (CIFE). leicholz retired
from CIFE in 1998. The current di
rector of CIFE is Civil and Environ
mental Fngineering Prof. Martin
Fischer.
In Monday's issue. Hie Daily incor
rectly stated the Paul leicholz. pro
fessor emeritus of civil and environ
mental engineering, works at the
Center for Integrated Facility Engi
neering (CIFE). leicholz retired
from CIFE in 1998. The current di
rector of CIFE is Civil and Environ
mental Fngineering Prof. Martin
Fischer.
