# LACROSSE LOOKS TO IMPROVE 1-3 RECORD
## 
### SARA LANNIN 
After a disappointing loss on the
road last weekend against Notre
Dame, the Stanford lacrosse team is
ready to return home and play in fa
miliar territory With three home
games in the next week and a half,
the Cardinal (1-3) will have the op
portunity to hold a winning record.
These victories will not come
easily, however. The Cardinal is set
to play against a few highly compet
itive East Coast schools. A match
against Connecticut (1-0) kicks off
the home stand: James Madison (1-
1) follows; and closing out the home
swing is a game with Colgate (0-3).
Connecticut, under the leader
ship of its new coach, Megan Cer
sosimo, will he kicking off a three
game tour at Stanford. The Huskies
have only had one game thus far this
season, an easy 16-4 victory over
Central Connecticut. Crucial to that
victory was senior Shannon Burke,
who scored two goals and a school
record seven assists. The Stanford
defense should be kept busy, trying
to keep Burke in check.
Draw time for Sunday's game at
Maloney Field is scheduled for 1 p.m.

Contact Sara Lannin at slannin@stan
ford.edu.
