# GRADUATE STUDENT TO LEAVE
## 
### 
Robert E. Albright, graduate student
in history, will return soon with his
family to his home in Dillon, Montana.
Robert E. Albright, graduate student
in history, will return soon with his
family to his home in Dillon, Montana.
Robert E. Albright, graduate student
in history, will return soon with his
family to his home in Dillon, Montana.
Robert E. Albright, graduate student
in history, will return soon with his
family to his home in Dillon, Montana.
Robert E. Albright, graduate student
in history, will return soon with his
family to his home in Dillon, Montana.
Robert E. Albright, graduate student
in history, will return soon with his
family to his home in Dillon, Montana.
Robert E. Albright, graduate student
in history, will return soon with his
family to his home in Dillon, Montana.
Robert E. Albright, graduate student
in history, will return soon with his
family to his home in Dillon, Montana.
Robert E. Albright, graduate student
in history, will return soon with his
family to his home in Dillon, Montana.
Robert E. Albright, graduate student
in history, will return soon with his
family to his home in Dillon, Montana.
Robert E. Albright, graduate student
in history, will return soon with his
family to his home in Dillon, Montana.
Robert E. Albright, graduate student
in history, will return soon with his
family to his home in Dillon, Montana.
Robert E. Albright, graduate student
in history, will return soon with his
family to his home in Dillon, Montana.
Robert E. Albright, graduate student
in history, will return soon with his
family to his home in Dillon, Montana.
