# FORMER STUDENT MARRIED
## 
### 
Alexander Black, former Stanford
student and member of Phi Kappa Psi,
l and Miss Helen Rowland Moore were
j married recently in Los Angeles.
Alexander Black, former Stanford
student and member of Phi Kappa Psi,
l and Miss Helen Rowland Moore were
j married recently in Los Angeles.
Alexander Black, former Stanford
student and member of Phi Kappa Psi,
l and Miss Helen Rowland Moore were
j married recently in Los Angeles.
Alexander Black, former Stanford
student and member of Phi Kappa Psi,
l and Miss Helen Rowland Moore were
j married recently in Los Angeles.
Alexander Black, former Stanford
student and member of Phi Kappa Psi,
l and Miss Helen Rowland Moore were
j married recently in Los Angeles.
Alexander Black, former Stanford
student and member of Phi Kappa Psi,
l and Miss Helen Rowland Moore were
j married recently in Los Angeles.
Alexander Black, former Stanford
student and member of Phi Kappa Psi,
l and Miss Helen Rowland Moore were
j married recently in Los Angeles.
Alexander Black, former Stanford
student and member of Phi Kappa Psi,
l and Miss Helen Rowland Moore were
j married recently in Los Angeles.
Alexander Black, former Stanford
student and member of Phi Kappa Psi,
l and Miss Helen Rowland Moore were
j married recently in Los Angeles.
Alexander Black, former Stanford
student and member of Phi Kappa Psi,
l and Miss Helen Rowland Moore were
j married recently in Los Angeles.
Alexander Black, former Stanford
student and member of Phi Kappa Psi,
l and Miss Helen Rowland Moore were
j married recently in Los Angeles.
Alexander Black, former Stanford
student and member of Phi Kappa Psi,
l and Miss Helen Rowland Moore were
j married recently in Los Angeles.
Alexander Black, former Stanford
student and member of Phi Kappa Psi,
l and Miss Helen Rowland Moore were
j married recently in Los Angeles.
Alexander Black, former Stanford
student and member of Phi Kappa Psi,
l and Miss Helen Rowland Moore were
j married recently in Los Angeles.
