# No Summer Courses In Women's Golf Offered
## 
### 
There will be no courses in gon or
fered this summer by the Women's
Physical Education and Hygiene de
partments as Mrs. Sylvia Potter, who
recently returned to the campus, will
be unable to teach.
There will be no courses in gon or
fered this summer by the Women's
Physical Education and Hygiene de
partments as Mrs. Sylvia Potter, who
recently returned to the campus, will
be unable to teach.
There will be no courses in gon or
fered this summer by the Women's
Physical Education and Hygiene de
partments as Mrs. Sylvia Potter, who
recently returned to the campus, will
be unable to teach.
There will be no courses in gon or
fered this summer by the Women's
Physical Education and Hygiene de
partments as Mrs. Sylvia Potter, who
recently returned to the campus, will
be unable to teach.
There will be no courses in gon or
fered this summer by the Women's
Physical Education and Hygiene de
partments as Mrs. Sylvia Potter, who
recently returned to the campus, will
be unable to teach.
There will be no courses in gon or
fered this summer by the Women's
Physical Education and Hygiene de
partments as Mrs. Sylvia Potter, who
recently returned to the campus, will
be unable to teach.
There will be no courses in gon or
fered this summer by the Women's
Physical Education and Hygiene de
partments as Mrs. Sylvia Potter, who
recently returned to the campus, will
be unable to teach.
There will be no courses in gon or
fered this summer by the Women's
Physical Education and Hygiene de
partments as Mrs. Sylvia Potter, who
recently returned to the campus, will
be unable to teach.
There will be no courses in gon or
fered this summer by the Women's
Physical Education and Hygiene de
partments as Mrs. Sylvia Potter, who
recently returned to the campus, will
be unable to teach.
There will be no courses in gon or
fered this summer by the Women's
Physical Education and Hygiene de
partments as Mrs. Sylvia Potter, who
recently returned to the campus, will
be unable to teach.
There will be no courses in gon or
fered this summer by the Women's
Physical Education and Hygiene de
partments as Mrs. Sylvia Potter, who
recently returned to the campus, will
be unable to teach.
There will be no courses in gon or
fered this summer by the Women's
Physical Education and Hygiene de
partments as Mrs. Sylvia Potter, who
recently returned to the campus, will
be unable to teach.
There will be no courses in gon or
fered this summer by the Women's
Physical Education and Hygiene de
partments as Mrs. Sylvia Potter, who
recently returned to the campus, will
be unable to teach.
There will be no courses in gon or
fered this summer by the Women's
Physical Education and Hygiene de
partments as Mrs. Sylvia Potter, who
recently returned to the campus, will
be unable to teach.
