# Untitled Article
## 
### 
WANTED -Traveling companion, Go
inn north Monday—Portland, Spo
kane, and Montana. Call Menlo Jun
ior College or see me any noon »t
Spanish Table at Union. S. Lyman
Mitchell.
WANTED -Traveling companion, Go
inn north Monday—Portland, Spo
kane, and Montana. Call Menlo Jun
ior College or see me any noon »t
Spanish Table at Union. S. Lyman
Mitchell.
WANTED -Traveling companion, Go
inn north Monday—Portland, Spo
kane, and Montana. Call Menlo Jun
ior College or see me any noon »t
Spanish Table at Union. S. Lyman
Mitchell.
WANTED -Traveling companion, Go
inn north Monday—Portland, Spo
kane, and Montana. Call Menlo Jun
ior College or see me any noon »t
Spanish Table at Union. S. Lyman
Mitchell.
WANTED -Traveling companion, Go
inn north Monday—Portland, Spo
kane, and Montana. Call Menlo Jun
ior College or see me any noon »t
Spanish Table at Union. S. Lyman
Mitchell.
WANTED -Traveling companion, Go
inn north Monday—Portland, Spo
kane, and Montana. Call Menlo Jun
ior College or see me any noon »t
Spanish Table at Union. S. Lyman
Mitchell.
WANTED -Traveling companion, Go
inn north Monday—Portland, Spo
kane, and Montana. Call Menlo Jun
ior College or see me any noon »t
Spanish Table at Union. S. Lyman
Mitchell.
WANTED -Traveling companion, Go
inn north Monday—Portland, Spo
kane, and Montana. Call Menlo Jun
ior College or see me any noon »t
Spanish Table at Union. S. Lyman
Mitchell.
WANTED -Traveling companion, Go
inn north Monday—Portland, Spo
kane, and Montana. Call Menlo Jun
ior College or see me any noon »t
Spanish Table at Union. S. Lyman
Mitchell.
WANTED -Traveling companion, Go
inn north Monday—Portland, Spo
kane, and Montana. Call Menlo Jun
ior College or see me any noon »t
Spanish Table at Union. S. Lyman
Mitchell.
WANTED -Traveling companion, Go
inn north Monday—Portland, Spo
kane, and Montana. Call Menlo Jun
ior College or see me any noon »t
Spanish Table at Union. S. Lyman
Mitchell.
WANTED -Traveling companion, Go
inn north Monday—Portland, Spo
kane, and Montana. Call Menlo Jun
ior College or see me any noon »t
Spanish Table at Union. S. Lyman
Mitchell.
WANTED -Traveling companion, Go
inn north Monday—Portland, Spo
kane, and Montana. Call Menlo Jun
ior College or see me any noon »t
Spanish Table at Union. S. Lyman
Mitchell.
WANTED -Traveling companion, Go
inn north Monday—Portland, Spo
kane, and Montana. Call Menlo Jun
ior College or see me any noon »t
Spanish Table at Union. S. Lyman
Mitchell.
