# HABLES TO RUN AT PICNIC
## 
### 
Ijes Hahles, one of Stanford's ineli
gible track stars, will run against
Rubs Sweet of the Olympic Club and
Frank Wykoff of U.S.C. fame at the
annual South-of-Market Boys picnic
which will lie held Sunday, August I<>.
The three sprinters will run a special
75-yard dash. This odd distance is
especially suited to Sweet, as both
Hahles and Wykoff are at their best
on the 100-yard route. Recently in the
East the U.S.C. star set a new world's
record of 9.4 seconds for the century.
Ijes Hahles, one of Stanford's ineli
gible track stars, will run against
Rubs Sweet of the Olympic Club and
Frank Wykoff of U.S.C. fame at the
annual South-of-Market Boys picnic
which will lie held Sunday, August I<>.
The three sprinters will run a special
75-yard dash. This odd distance is
especially suited to Sweet, as both
Hahles and Wykoff are at their best
on the 100-yard route. Recently in the
East the U.S.C. star set a new world's
record of 9.4 seconds for the century.
Ijes Hahles, one of Stanford's ineli
gible track stars, will run against
Rubs Sweet of the Olympic Club and
Frank Wykoff of U.S.C. fame at the
annual South-of-Market Boys picnic
which will lie held Sunday, August I<>.
The three sprinters will run a special
75-yard dash. This odd distance is
especially suited to Sweet, as both
Hahles and Wykoff are at their best
on the 100-yard route. Recently in the
East the U.S.C. star set a new world's
record of 9.4 seconds for the century.
Ijes Hahles, one of Stanford's ineli
gible track stars, will run against
Rubs Sweet of the Olympic Club and
Frank Wykoff of U.S.C. fame at the
annual South-of-Market Boys picnic
which will lie held Sunday, August I<>.
The three sprinters will run a special
75-yard dash. This odd distance is
especially suited to Sweet, as both
Hahles and Wykoff are at their best
on the 100-yard route. Recently in the
East the U.S.C. star set a new world's
record of 9.4 seconds for the century.
Ijes Hahles, one of Stanford's ineli
gible track stars, will run against
Rubs Sweet of the Olympic Club and
Frank Wykoff of U.S.C. fame at the
annual South-of-Market Boys picnic
which will lie held Sunday, August I<>.
The three sprinters will run a special
75-yard dash. This odd distance is
especially suited to Sweet, as both
Hahles and Wykoff are at their best
on the 100-yard route. Recently in the
East the U.S.C. star set a new world's
record of 9.4 seconds for the century.
Ijes Hahles, one of Stanford's ineli
gible track stars, will run against
Rubs Sweet of the Olympic Club and
Frank Wykoff of U.S.C. fame at the
annual South-of-Market Boys picnic
which will lie held Sunday, August I<>.
The three sprinters will run a special
75-yard dash. This odd distance is
especially suited to Sweet, as both
Hahles and Wykoff are at their best
on the 100-yard route. Recently in the
East the U.S.C. star set a new world's
record of 9.4 seconds for the century.
Ijes Hahles, one of Stanford's ineli
gible track stars, will run against
Rubs Sweet of the Olympic Club and
Frank Wykoff of U.S.C. fame at the
annual South-of-Market Boys picnic
which will lie held Sunday, August I<>.
The three sprinters will run a special
75-yard dash. This odd distance is
especially suited to Sweet, as both
Hahles and Wykoff are at their best
on the 100-yard route. Recently in the
East the U.S.C. star set a new world's
record of 9.4 seconds for the century.
Ijes Hahles, one of Stanford's ineli
gible track stars, will run against
Rubs Sweet of the Olympic Club and
Frank Wykoff of U.S.C. fame at the
annual South-of-Market Boys picnic
which will lie held Sunday, August I<>.
The three sprinters will run a special
75-yard dash. This odd distance is
especially suited to Sweet, as both
Hahles and Wykoff are at their best
on the 100-yard route. Recently in the
East the U.S.C. star set a new world's
record of 9.4 seconds for the century.
Ijes Hahles, one of Stanford's ineli
gible track stars, will run against
Rubs Sweet of the Olympic Club and
Frank Wykoff of U.S.C. fame at the
annual South-of-Market Boys picnic
which will lie held Sunday, August I<>.
The three sprinters will run a special
75-yard dash. This odd distance is
especially suited to Sweet, as both
Hahles and Wykoff are at their best
on the 100-yard route. Recently in the
East the U.S.C. star set a new world's
record of 9.4 seconds for the century.
Ijes Hahles, one of Stanford's ineli
gible track stars, will run against
Rubs Sweet of the Olympic Club and
Frank Wykoff of U.S.C. fame at the
annual South-of-Market Boys picnic
which will lie held Sunday, August I<>.
The three sprinters will run a special
75-yard dash. This odd distance is
especially suited to Sweet, as both
Hahles and Wykoff are at their best
on the 100-yard route. Recently in the
East the U.S.C. star set a new world's
record of 9.4 seconds for the century.
Ijes Hahles, one of Stanford's ineli
gible track stars, will run against
Rubs Sweet of the Olympic Club and
Frank Wykoff of U.S.C. fame at the
annual South-of-Market Boys picnic
which will lie held Sunday, August I<>.
The three sprinters will run a special
75-yard dash. This odd distance is
especially suited to Sweet, as both
Hahles and Wykoff are at their best
on the 100-yard route. Recently in the
East the U.S.C. star set a new world's
record of 9.4 seconds for the century.
Ijes Hahles, one of Stanford's ineli
gible track stars, will run against
Rubs Sweet of the Olympic Club and
Frank Wykoff of U.S.C. fame at the
annual South-of-Market Boys picnic
which will lie held Sunday, August I<>.
The three sprinters will run a special
75-yard dash. This odd distance is
especially suited to Sweet, as both
Hahles and Wykoff are at their best
on the 100-yard route. Recently in the
East the U.S.C. star set a new world's
record of 9.4 seconds for the century.
Ijes Hahles, one of Stanford's ineli
gible track stars, will run against
Rubs Sweet of the Olympic Club and
Frank Wykoff of U.S.C. fame at the
annual South-of-Market Boys picnic
which will lie held Sunday, August I<>.
The three sprinters will run a special
75-yard dash. This odd distance is
especially suited to Sweet, as both
Hahles and Wykoff are at their best
on the 100-yard route. Recently in the
East the U.S.C. star set a new world's
record of 9.4 seconds for the century.
Ijes Hahles, one of Stanford's ineli
gible track stars, will run against
Rubs Sweet of the Olympic Club and
Frank Wykoff of U.S.C. fame at the
annual South-of-Market Boys picnic
which will lie held Sunday, August I<>.
The three sprinters will run a special
75-yard dash. This odd distance is
especially suited to Sweet, as both
Hahles and Wykoff are at their best
on the 100-yard route. Recently in the
East the U.S.C. star set a new world's
record of 9.4 seconds for the century.
