# UNION COURT MAKES ROMANTIC SCENE FOR "ROSINA ES FRAGIL"
## 
### 
The Union court made a romantic
setting for the Spanish play, "Rosina
cs Fragil," given last night under the
direction of Senorita Pilar de Madari
aga, head of the Sapnish Table.
Catherine Musante played the part
of a fickle senorita who became en
tangled in love affairs with one senor
after another, entrusting to her studi
ous cousin, Antonio, to adjust mai
lers later. Miss Musante took the role
of Rosina with charm, her clever by
play and fluent Spanish causing ad
miration. John Reid was an obliging
Antonio, who finally succumbed to
llosina's charm when the latter dis
covered that it was really her cousin
whom she loved.
The part of Don Luis, llosina's
father, was ably played by Lyman
Mitchell, and that of Dona Marta, his
wife, by Marion Wilson. Manuel Es
pinosa as Enrique, a suitor for the
hand of the fickle senorita, waS ap
pealing to Rosina and irritating to
Antonio with convincing acting and
fiery Spanish which delighted his lis
teners. Teresita, Rosina's rival, who
threatened her with sulphuric acid
should she yield to Enrique's sweet
words, was played with fervor by
Miss Eduardia. Somavia.
The Union court made a romantic
setting for the Spanish play, "Rosina
cs Fragil," given last night under the
direction of Senorita Pilar de Madari
aga, head of the Sapnish Table.
Catherine Musante played the part
of a fickle senorita who became en
tangled in love affairs with one senor
after another, entrusting to her studi
ous cousin, Antonio, to adjust mai
lers later. Miss Musante took the role
of Rosina with charm, her clever by
play and fluent Spanish causing ad
miration. John Reid was an obliging
Antonio, who finally succumbed to
llosina's charm when the latter dis
covered that it was really her cousin
whom she loved.
The part of Don Luis, llosina's
father, was ably played by Lyman
Mitchell, and that of Dona Marta, his
wife, by Marion Wilson. Manuel Es
pinosa as Enrique, a suitor for the
hand of the fickle senorita, waS ap
pealing to Rosina and irritating to
Antonio with convincing acting and
fiery Spanish which delighted his lis
teners. Teresita, Rosina's rival, who
threatened her with sulphuric acid
should she yield to Enrique's sweet
words, was played with fervor by
Miss Eduardia. Somavia.
The Union court made a romantic
setting for the Spanish play, "Rosina
cs Fragil," given last night under the
direction of Senorita Pilar de Madari
aga, head of the Sapnish Table.
Catherine Musante played the part
of a fickle senorita who became en
tangled in love affairs with one senor
after another, entrusting to her studi
ous cousin, Antonio, to adjust mai
lers later. Miss Musante took the role
of Rosina with charm, her clever by
play and fluent Spanish causing ad
miration. John Reid was an obliging
Antonio, who finally succumbed to
llosina's charm when the latter dis
covered that it was really her cousin
whom she loved.
The part of Don Luis, llosina's
father, was ably played by Lyman
Mitchell, and that of Dona Marta, his
wife, by Marion Wilson. Manuel Es
pinosa as Enrique, a suitor for the
hand of the fickle senorita, waS ap
pealing to Rosina and irritating to
Antonio with convincing acting and
fiery Spanish which delighted his lis
teners. Teresita, Rosina's rival, who
threatened her with sulphuric acid
should she yield to Enrique's sweet
words, was played with fervor by
Miss Eduardia. Somavia.
The Union court made a romantic
setting for the Spanish play, "Rosina
cs Fragil," given last night under the
direction of Senorita Pilar de Madari
aga, head of the Sapnish Table.
Catherine Musante played the part
of a fickle senorita who became en
tangled in love affairs with one senor
after another, entrusting to her studi
ous cousin, Antonio, to adjust mai
lers later. Miss Musante took the role
of Rosina with charm, her clever by
play and fluent Spanish causing ad
miration. John Reid was an obliging
Antonio, who finally succumbed to
llosina's charm when the latter dis
covered that it was really her cousin
whom she loved.
The part of Don Luis, llosina's
father, was ably played by Lyman
Mitchell, and that of Dona Marta, his
wife, by Marion Wilson. Manuel Es
pinosa as Enrique, a suitor for the
hand of the fickle senorita, waS ap
pealing to Rosina and irritating to
Antonio with convincing acting and
fiery Spanish which delighted his lis
teners. Teresita, Rosina's rival, who
threatened her with sulphuric acid
should she yield to Enrique's sweet
words, was played with fervor by
Miss Eduardia. Somavia.
The Union court made a romantic
setting for the Spanish play, "Rosina
cs Fragil," given last night under the
direction of Senorita Pilar de Madari
aga, head of the Sapnish Table.
Catherine Musante played the part
of a fickle senorita who became en
tangled in love affairs with one senor
after another, entrusting to her studi
ous cousin, Antonio, to adjust mai
lers later. Miss Musante took the role
of Rosina with charm, her clever by
play and fluent Spanish causing ad
miration. John Reid was an obliging
Antonio, who finally succumbed to
llosina's charm when the latter dis
covered that it was really her cousin
whom she loved.
The part of Don Luis, llosina's
father, was ably played by Lyman
Mitchell, and that of Dona Marta, his
wife, by Marion Wilson. Manuel Es
pinosa as Enrique, a suitor for the
hand of the fickle senorita, waS ap
pealing to Rosina and irritating to
Antonio with convincing acting and
fiery Spanish which delighted his lis
teners. Teresita, Rosina's rival, who
threatened her with sulphuric acid
should she yield to Enrique's sweet
words, was played with fervor by
Miss Eduardia. Somavia.
The Union court made a romantic
setting for the Spanish play, "Rosina
cs Fragil," given last night under the
direction of Senorita Pilar de Madari
aga, head of the Sapnish Table.
Catherine Musante played the part
of a fickle senorita who became en
tangled in love affairs with one senor
after another, entrusting to her studi
ous cousin, Antonio, to adjust mai
lers later. Miss Musante took the role
of Rosina with charm, her clever by
play and fluent Spanish causing ad
miration. John Reid was an obliging
Antonio, who finally succumbed to
llosina's charm when the latter dis
covered that it was really her cousin
whom she loved.
The part of Don Luis, llosina's
father, was ably played by Lyman
Mitchell, and that of Dona Marta, his
wife, by Marion Wilson. Manuel Es
pinosa as Enrique, a suitor for the
hand of the fickle senorita, waS ap
pealing to Rosina and irritating to
Antonio with convincing acting and
fiery Spanish which delighted his lis
teners. Teresita, Rosina's rival, who
threatened her with sulphuric acid
should she yield to Enrique's sweet
words, was played with fervor by
Miss Eduardia. Somavia.
The Union court made a romantic
setting for the Spanish play, "Rosina
cs Fragil," given last night under the
direction of Senorita Pilar de Madari
aga, head of the Sapnish Table.
Catherine Musante played the part
of a fickle senorita who became en
tangled in love affairs with one senor
after another, entrusting to her studi
ous cousin, Antonio, to adjust mai
lers later. Miss Musante took the role
of Rosina with charm, her clever by
play and fluent Spanish causing ad
miration. John Reid was an obliging
Antonio, who finally succumbed to
llosina's charm when the latter dis
covered that it was really her cousin
whom she loved.
The part of Don Luis, llosina's
father, was ably played by Lyman
Mitchell, and that of Dona Marta, his
wife, by Marion Wilson. Manuel Es
pinosa as Enrique, a suitor for the
hand of the fickle senorita, waS ap
pealing to Rosina and irritating to
Antonio with convincing acting and
fiery Spanish which delighted his lis
teners. Teresita, Rosina's rival, who
threatened her with sulphuric acid
should she yield to Enrique's sweet
words, was played with fervor by
Miss Eduardia. Somavia.
The Union court made a romantic
setting for the Spanish play, "Rosina
cs Fragil," given last night under the
direction of Senorita Pilar de Madari
aga, head of the Sapnish Table.
Catherine Musante played the part
of a fickle senorita who became en
tangled in love affairs with one senor
after another, entrusting to her studi
ous cousin, Antonio, to adjust mai
lers later. Miss Musante took the role
of Rosina with charm, her clever by
play and fluent Spanish causing ad
miration. John Reid was an obliging
Antonio, who finally succumbed to
llosina's charm when the latter dis
covered that it was really her cousin
whom she loved.
The part of Don Luis, llosina's
father, was ably played by Lyman
Mitchell, and that of Dona Marta, his
wife, by Marion Wilson. Manuel Es
pinosa as Enrique, a suitor for the
hand of the fickle senorita, waS ap
pealing to Rosina and irritating to
Antonio with convincing acting and
fiery Spanish which delighted his lis
teners. Teresita, Rosina's rival, who
threatened her with sulphuric acid
should she yield to Enrique's sweet
words, was played with fervor by
Miss Eduardia. Somavia.
The Union court made a romantic
setting for the Spanish play, "Rosina
cs Fragil," given last night under the
direction of Senorita Pilar de Madari
aga, head of the Sapnish Table.
Catherine Musante played the part
of a fickle senorita who became en
tangled in love affairs with one senor
after another, entrusting to her studi
ous cousin, Antonio, to adjust mai
lers later. Miss Musante took the role
of Rosina with charm, her clever by
play and fluent Spanish causing ad
miration. John Reid was an obliging
Antonio, who finally succumbed to
llosina's charm when the latter dis
covered that it was really her cousin
whom she loved.
The part of Don Luis, llosina's
father, was ably played by Lyman
Mitchell, and that of Dona Marta, his
wife, by Marion Wilson. Manuel Es
pinosa as Enrique, a suitor for the
hand of the fickle senorita, waS ap
pealing to Rosina and irritating to
Antonio with convincing acting and
fiery Spanish which delighted his lis
teners. Teresita, Rosina's rival, who
threatened her with sulphuric acid
should she yield to Enrique's sweet
words, was played with fervor by
Miss Eduardia. Somavia.
The Union court made a romantic
setting for the Spanish play, "Rosina
cs Fragil," given last night under the
direction of Senorita Pilar de Madari
aga, head of the Sapnish Table.
Catherine Musante played the part
of a fickle senorita who became en
tangled in love affairs with one senor
after another, entrusting to her studi
ous cousin, Antonio, to adjust mai
lers later. Miss Musante took the role
of Rosina with charm, her clever by
play and fluent Spanish causing ad
miration. John Reid was an obliging
Antonio, who finally succumbed to
llosina's charm when the latter dis
covered that it was really her cousin
whom she loved.
The part of Don Luis, llosina's
father, was ably played by Lyman
Mitchell, and that of Dona Marta, his
wife, by Marion Wilson. Manuel Es
pinosa as Enrique, a suitor for the
hand of the fickle senorita, waS ap
pealing to Rosina and irritating to
Antonio with convincing acting and
fiery Spanish which delighted his lis
teners. Teresita, Rosina's rival, who
threatened her with sulphuric acid
should she yield to Enrique's sweet
words, was played with fervor by
Miss Eduardia. Somavia.
The Union court made a romantic
setting for the Spanish play, "Rosina
cs Fragil," given last night under the
direction of Senorita Pilar de Madari
aga, head of the Sapnish Table.
Catherine Musante played the part
of a fickle senorita who became en
tangled in love affairs with one senor
after another, entrusting to her studi
ous cousin, Antonio, to adjust mai
lers later. Miss Musante took the role
of Rosina with charm, her clever by
play and fluent Spanish causing ad
miration. John Reid was an obliging
Antonio, who finally succumbed to
llosina's charm when the latter dis
covered that it was really her cousin
whom she loved.
The part of Don Luis, llosina's
father, was ably played by Lyman
Mitchell, and that of Dona Marta, his
wife, by Marion Wilson. Manuel Es
pinosa as Enrique, a suitor for the
hand of the fickle senorita, waS ap
pealing to Rosina and irritating to
Antonio with convincing acting and
fiery Spanish which delighted his lis
teners. Teresita, Rosina's rival, who
threatened her with sulphuric acid
should she yield to Enrique's sweet
words, was played with fervor by
Miss Eduardia. Somavia.
The Union court made a romantic
setting for the Spanish play, "Rosina
cs Fragil," given last night under the
direction of Senorita Pilar de Madari
aga, head of the Sapnish Table.
Catherine Musante played the part
of a fickle senorita who became en
tangled in love affairs with one senor
after another, entrusting to her studi
ous cousin, Antonio, to adjust mai
lers later. Miss Musante took the role
of Rosina with charm, her clever by
play and fluent Spanish causing ad
miration. John Reid was an obliging
Antonio, who finally succumbed to
llosina's charm when the latter dis
covered that it was really her cousin
whom she loved.
The part of Don Luis, llosina's
father, was ably played by Lyman
Mitchell, and that of Dona Marta, his
wife, by Marion Wilson. Manuel Es
pinosa as Enrique, a suitor for the
hand of the fickle senorita, waS ap
pealing to Rosina and irritating to
Antonio with convincing acting and
fiery Spanish which delighted his lis
teners. Teresita, Rosina's rival, who
threatened her with sulphuric acid
should she yield to Enrique's sweet
words, was played with fervor by
Miss Eduardia. Somavia.
The Union court made a romantic
setting for the Spanish play, "Rosina
cs Fragil," given last night under the
direction of Senorita Pilar de Madari
aga, head of the Sapnish Table.
Catherine Musante played the part
of a fickle senorita who became en
tangled in love affairs with one senor
after another, entrusting to her studi
ous cousin, Antonio, to adjust mai
lers later. Miss Musante took the role
of Rosina with charm, her clever by
play and fluent Spanish causing ad
miration. John Reid was an obliging
Antonio, who finally succumbed to
llosina's charm when the latter dis
covered that it was really her cousin
whom she loved.
The part of Don Luis, llosina's
father, was ably played by Lyman
Mitchell, and that of Dona Marta, his
wife, by Marion Wilson. Manuel Es
pinosa as Enrique, a suitor for the
hand of the fickle senorita, waS ap
pealing to Rosina and irritating to
Antonio with convincing acting and
fiery Spanish which delighted his lis
teners. Teresita, Rosina's rival, who
threatened her with sulphuric acid
should she yield to Enrique's sweet
words, was played with fervor by
Miss Eduardia. Somavia.
The Union court made a romantic
setting for the Spanish play, "Rosina
cs Fragil," given last night under the
direction of Senorita Pilar de Madari
aga, head of the Sapnish Table.
Catherine Musante played the part
of a fickle senorita who became en
tangled in love affairs with one senor
after another, entrusting to her studi
ous cousin, Antonio, to adjust mai
lers later. Miss Musante took the role
of Rosina with charm, her clever by
play and fluent Spanish causing ad
miration. John Reid was an obliging
Antonio, who finally succumbed to
llosina's charm when the latter dis
covered that it was really her cousin
whom she loved.
The part of Don Luis, llosina's
father, was ably played by Lyman
Mitchell, and that of Dona Marta, his
wife, by Marion Wilson. Manuel Es
pinosa as Enrique, a suitor for the
hand of the fickle senorita, waS ap
pealing to Rosina and irritating to
Antonio with convincing acting and
fiery Spanish which delighted his lis
teners. Teresita, Rosina's rival, who
threatened her with sulphuric acid
should she yield to Enrique's sweet
words, was played with fervor by
Miss Eduardia. Somavia.
