# Student Selected To Plan Concert
## 
### 
Four students have been chosen
chairmen of the Orchesis dance
concert to be given in April. Those
selected are: Joyce Glasman, gen
oral chairman; Yvonne Seybold,
business manager; Florence Bige
low. costume director; and Eleanor
Judell, rehearsal chairfcian.

Miss Margaret Jewell is director
|of the concert. Original music for
the concert was composed by Miss
Josephine Haskell, and sets are be
ing designed by Mr. W. A. Johnns
| sen.
Four students have been chosen
chairmen of the Orchesis dance
concert to be given in April. Those
selected are: Joyce Glasman, gen
oral chairman; Yvonne Seybold,
business manager; Florence Bige
low. costume director; and Eleanor
Judell, rehearsal chairfcian.

Miss Margaret Jewell is director
|of the concert. Original music for
the concert was composed by Miss
Josephine Haskell, and sets are be
ing designed by Mr. W. A. Johnns
| sen.
Four students have been chosen
chairmen of the Orchesis dance
concert to be given in April. Those
selected are: Joyce Glasman, gen
oral chairman; Yvonne Seybold,
business manager; Florence Bige
low. costume director; and Eleanor
Judell, rehearsal chairfcian.

Miss Margaret Jewell is director
|of the concert. Original music for
the concert was composed by Miss
Josephine Haskell, and sets are be
ing designed by Mr. W. A. Johnns
| sen.
Four students have been chosen
chairmen of the Orchesis dance
concert to be given in April. Those
selected are: Joyce Glasman, gen
oral chairman; Yvonne Seybold,
business manager; Florence Bige
low. costume director; and Eleanor
Judell, rehearsal chairfcian.

Miss Margaret Jewell is director
|of the concert. Original music for
the concert was composed by Miss
Josephine Haskell, and sets are be
ing designed by Mr. W. A. Johnns
| sen.
Four students have been chosen
chairmen of the Orchesis dance
concert to be given in April. Those
selected are: Joyce Glasman, gen
oral chairman; Yvonne Seybold,
business manager; Florence Bige
low. costume director; and Eleanor
Judell, rehearsal chairfcian.

Miss Margaret Jewell is director
|of the concert. Original music for
the concert was composed by Miss
Josephine Haskell, and sets are be
ing designed by Mr. W. A. Johnns
| sen.
Four students have been chosen
chairmen of the Orchesis dance
concert to be given in April. Those
selected are: Joyce Glasman, gen
oral chairman; Yvonne Seybold,
business manager; Florence Bige
low. costume director; and Eleanor
Judell, rehearsal chairfcian.

Miss Margaret Jewell is director
|of the concert. Original music for
the concert was composed by Miss
Josephine Haskell, and sets are be
ing designed by Mr. W. A. Johnns
| sen.
Four students have been chosen
chairmen of the Orchesis dance
concert to be given in April. Those
selected are: Joyce Glasman, gen
oral chairman; Yvonne Seybold,
business manager; Florence Bige
low. costume director; and Eleanor
Judell, rehearsal chairfcian.

Miss Margaret Jewell is director
|of the concert. Original music for
the concert was composed by Miss
Josephine Haskell, and sets are be
ing designed by Mr. W. A. Johnns
| sen.
Four students have been chosen
chairmen of the Orchesis dance
concert to be given in April. Those
selected are: Joyce Glasman, gen
oral chairman; Yvonne Seybold,
business manager; Florence Bige
low. costume director; and Eleanor
Judell, rehearsal chairfcian.

Miss Margaret Jewell is director
|of the concert. Original music for
the concert was composed by Miss
Josephine Haskell, and sets are be
ing designed by Mr. W. A. Johnns
| sen.
Four students have been chosen
chairmen of the Orchesis dance
concert to be given in April. Those
selected are: Joyce Glasman, gen
oral chairman; Yvonne Seybold,
business manager; Florence Bige
low. costume director; and Eleanor
Judell, rehearsal chairfcian.

Miss Margaret Jewell is director
|of the concert. Original music for
the concert was composed by Miss
Josephine Haskell, and sets are be
ing designed by Mr. W. A. Johnns
| sen.
Four students have been chosen
chairmen of the Orchesis dance
concert to be given in April. Those
selected are: Joyce Glasman, gen
oral chairman; Yvonne Seybold,
business manager; Florence Bige
low. costume director; and Eleanor
Judell, rehearsal chairfcian.

Miss Margaret Jewell is director
|of the concert. Original music for
the concert was composed by Miss
Josephine Haskell, and sets are be
ing designed by Mr. W. A. Johnns
| sen.
Four students have been chosen
chairmen of the Orchesis dance
concert to be given in April. Those
selected are: Joyce Glasman, gen
oral chairman; Yvonne Seybold,
business manager; Florence Bige
low. costume director; and Eleanor
Judell, rehearsal chairfcian.

Miss Margaret Jewell is director
|of the concert. Original music for
the concert was composed by Miss
Josephine Haskell, and sets are be
ing designed by Mr. W. A. Johnns
| sen.
Four students have been chosen
chairmen of the Orchesis dance
concert to be given in April. Those
selected are: Joyce Glasman, gen
oral chairman; Yvonne Seybold,
business manager; Florence Bige
low. costume director; and Eleanor
Judell, rehearsal chairfcian.

Miss Margaret Jewell is director
|of the concert. Original music for
the concert was composed by Miss
Josephine Haskell, and sets are be
ing designed by Mr. W. A. Johnns
| sen.
Four students have been chosen
chairmen of the Orchesis dance
concert to be given in April. Those
selected are: Joyce Glasman, gen
oral chairman; Yvonne Seybold,
business manager; Florence Bige
low. costume director; and Eleanor
Judell, rehearsal chairfcian.

Miss Margaret Jewell is director
|of the concert. Original music for
the concert was composed by Miss
Josephine Haskell, and sets are be
ing designed by Mr. W. A. Johnns
| sen.
Four students have been chosen
chairmen of the Orchesis dance
concert to be given in April. Those
selected are: Joyce Glasman, gen
oral chairman; Yvonne Seybold,
business manager; Florence Bige
low. costume director; and Eleanor
Judell, rehearsal chairfcian.

Miss Margaret Jewell is director
|of the concert. Original music for
the concert was composed by Miss
Josephine Haskell, and sets are be
ing designed by Mr. W. A. Johnns
| sen.
Four students have been chosen
chairmen of the Orchesis dance
concert to be given in April. Those
selected are: Joyce Glasman, gen
oral chairman; Yvonne Seybold,
business manager; Florence Bige
low. costume director; and Eleanor
Judell, rehearsal chairfcian.

Miss Margaret Jewell is director
|of the concert. Original music for
the concert was composed by Miss
Josephine Haskell, and sets are be
ing designed by Mr. W. A. Johnns
| sen.
Four students have been chosen
chairmen of the Orchesis dance
concert to be given in April. Those
selected are: Joyce Glasman, gen
oral chairman; Yvonne Seybold,
business manager; Florence Bige
low. costume director; and Eleanor
Judell, rehearsal chairfcian.

Miss Margaret Jewell is director
|of the concert. Original music for
the concert was composed by Miss
Josephine Haskell, and sets are be
ing designed by Mr. W. A. Johnns
| sen.
Four students have been chosen
chairmen of the Orchesis dance
concert to be given in April. Those
selected are: Joyce Glasman, gen
oral chairman; Yvonne Seybold,
business manager; Florence Bige
low. costume director; and Eleanor
Judell, rehearsal chairfcian.

Miss Margaret Jewell is director
|of the concert. Original music for
the concert was composed by Miss
Josephine Haskell, and sets are be
ing designed by Mr. W. A. Johnns
| sen.
Four students have been chosen
chairmen of the Orchesis dance
concert to be given in April. Those
selected are: Joyce Glasman, gen
oral chairman; Yvonne Seybold,
business manager; Florence Bige
low. costume director; and Eleanor
Judell, rehearsal chairfcian.

Miss Margaret Jewell is director
|of the concert. Original music for
the concert was composed by Miss
Josephine Haskell, and sets are be
ing designed by Mr. W. A. Johnns
| sen.
