# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Interfraternity Council President
Pete Whittlesey announces that all
house presidents should call per
sonally at the Interfraternity
Council offices either today, to
morrow, or Wednesday between 1
and 4 o'clock to receive their of
ficial rush cards, which must be
filled out and handed in at the
A.S.S.U. office by 10 o'clock Fri
day morning.
Interfraternity Council President
Pete Whittlesey announces that all
house presidents should call per
sonally at the Interfraternity
Council offices either today, to
morrow, or Wednesday between 1
and 4 o'clock to receive their of
ficial rush cards, which must be
filled out and handed in at the
A.S.S.U. office by 10 o'clock Fri
day morning.
Interfraternity Council President
Pete Whittlesey announces that all
house presidents should call per
sonally at the Interfraternity
Council offices either today, to
morrow, or Wednesday between 1
and 4 o'clock to receive their of
ficial rush cards, which must be
filled out and handed in at the
A.S.S.U. office by 10 o'clock Fri
day morning.
Interfraternity Council President
Pete Whittlesey announces that all
house presidents should call per
sonally at the Interfraternity
Council offices either today, to
morrow, or Wednesday between 1
and 4 o'clock to receive their of
ficial rush cards, which must be
filled out and handed in at the
A.S.S.U. office by 10 o'clock Fri
day morning.
Interfraternity Council President
Pete Whittlesey announces that all
house presidents should call per
sonally at the Interfraternity
Council offices either today, to
morrow, or Wednesday between 1
and 4 o'clock to receive their of
ficial rush cards, which must be
filled out and handed in at the
A.S.S.U. office by 10 o'clock Fri
day morning.
Interfraternity Council President
Pete Whittlesey announces that all
house presidents should call per
sonally at the Interfraternity
Council offices either today, to
morrow, or Wednesday between 1
and 4 o'clock to receive their of
ficial rush cards, which must be
filled out and handed in at the
A.S.S.U. office by 10 o'clock Fri
day morning.
Interfraternity Council President
Pete Whittlesey announces that all
house presidents should call per
sonally at the Interfraternity
Council offices either today, to
morrow, or Wednesday between 1
and 4 o'clock to receive their of
ficial rush cards, which must be
filled out and handed in at the
A.S.S.U. office by 10 o'clock Fri
day morning.
Interfraternity Council President
Pete Whittlesey announces that all
house presidents should call per
sonally at the Interfraternity
Council offices either today, to
morrow, or Wednesday between 1
and 4 o'clock to receive their of
ficial rush cards, which must be
filled out and handed in at the
A.S.S.U. office by 10 o'clock Fri
day morning.
Interfraternity Council President
Pete Whittlesey announces that all
house presidents should call per
sonally at the Interfraternity
Council offices either today, to
morrow, or Wednesday between 1
and 4 o'clock to receive their of
ficial rush cards, which must be
filled out and handed in at the
A.S.S.U. office by 10 o'clock Fri
day morning.
Interfraternity Council President
Pete Whittlesey announces that all
house presidents should call per
sonally at the Interfraternity
Council offices either today, to
morrow, or Wednesday between 1
and 4 o'clock to receive their of
ficial rush cards, which must be
filled out and handed in at the
A.S.S.U. office by 10 o'clock Fri
day morning.
Interfraternity Council President
Pete Whittlesey announces that all
house presidents should call per
sonally at the Interfraternity
Council offices either today, to
morrow, or Wednesday between 1
and 4 o'clock to receive their of
ficial rush cards, which must be
filled out and handed in at the
A.S.S.U. office by 10 o'clock Fri
day morning.
Interfraternity Council President
Pete Whittlesey announces that all
house presidents should call per
sonally at the Interfraternity
Council offices either today, to
morrow, or Wednesday between 1
and 4 o'clock to receive their of
ficial rush cards, which must be
filled out and handed in at the
A.S.S.U. office by 10 o'clock Fri
day morning.
Interfraternity Council President
Pete Whittlesey announces that all
house presidents should call per
sonally at the Interfraternity
Council offices either today, to
morrow, or Wednesday between 1
and 4 o'clock to receive their of
ficial rush cards, which must be
filled out and handed in at the
A.S.S.U. office by 10 o'clock Fri
day morning.
Interfraternity Council President
Pete Whittlesey announces that all
house presidents should call per
sonally at the Interfraternity
Council offices either today, to
morrow, or Wednesday between 1
and 4 o'clock to receive their of
ficial rush cards, which must be
filled out and handed in at the
A.S.S.U. office by 10 o'clock Fri
day morning.
Interfraternity Council President
Pete Whittlesey announces that all
house presidents should call per
sonally at the Interfraternity
Council offices either today, to
morrow, or Wednesday between 1
and 4 o'clock to receive their of
ficial rush cards, which must be
filled out and handed in at the
A.S.S.U. office by 10 o'clock Fri
day morning.
Interfraternity Council President
Pete Whittlesey announces that all
house presidents should call per
sonally at the Interfraternity
Council offices either today, to
morrow, or Wednesday between 1
and 4 o'clock to receive their of
ficial rush cards, which must be
filled out and handed in at the
A.S.S.U. office by 10 o'clock Fri
day morning.
Interfraternity Council President
Pete Whittlesey announces that all
house presidents should call per
sonally at the Interfraternity
Council offices either today, to
morrow, or Wednesday between 1
and 4 o'clock to receive their of
ficial rush cards, which must be
filled out and handed in at the
A.S.S.U. office by 10 o'clock Fri
day morning.
Interfraternity Council President
Pete Whittlesey announces that all
house presidents should call per
sonally at the Interfraternity
Council offices either today, to
morrow, or Wednesday between 1
and 4 o'clock to receive their of
ficial rush cards, which must be
filled out and handed in at the
A.S.S.U. office by 10 o'clock Fri
day morning.
