# Card Badminton Club To Meet Tomorrow
## 
### 
Virgil Hinshaw, president of the
Stanford Badminton Club, announces
that the organization will hold its
first meeting of the 1941 season Tues
day in the Women's Gym. All those
interested will be welcome. The
business meeting will open at 7
o'clock, its chief purpose being to
plan the season's matches. All reg
ular members must pay their dues
by Jan. 21.
Virgil Hinshaw, president of the
Stanford Badminton Club, announces
that the organization will hold its
first meeting of the 1941 season Tues
day in the Women's Gym. All those
interested will be welcome. The
business meeting will open at 7
o'clock, its chief purpose being to
plan the season's matches. All reg
ular members must pay their dues
by Jan. 21.
Virgil Hinshaw, president of the
Stanford Badminton Club, announces
that the organization will hold its
first meeting of the 1941 season Tues
day in the Women's Gym. All those
interested will be welcome. The
business meeting will open at 7
o'clock, its chief purpose being to
plan the season's matches. All reg
ular members must pay their dues
by Jan. 21.
Virgil Hinshaw, president of the
Stanford Badminton Club, announces
that the organization will hold its
first meeting of the 1941 season Tues
day in the Women's Gym. All those
interested will be welcome. The
business meeting will open at 7
o'clock, its chief purpose being to
plan the season's matches. All reg
ular members must pay their dues
by Jan. 21.
Virgil Hinshaw, president of the
Stanford Badminton Club, announces
that the organization will hold its
first meeting of the 1941 season Tues
day in the Women's Gym. All those
interested will be welcome. The
business meeting will open at 7
o'clock, its chief purpose being to
plan the season's matches. All reg
ular members must pay their dues
by Jan. 21.
Virgil Hinshaw, president of the
Stanford Badminton Club, announces
that the organization will hold its
first meeting of the 1941 season Tues
day in the Women's Gym. All those
interested will be welcome. The
business meeting will open at 7
o'clock, its chief purpose being to
plan the season's matches. All reg
ular members must pay their dues
by Jan. 21.
Virgil Hinshaw, president of the
Stanford Badminton Club, announces
that the organization will hold its
first meeting of the 1941 season Tues
day in the Women's Gym. All those
interested will be welcome. The
business meeting will open at 7
o'clock, its chief purpose being to
plan the season's matches. All reg
ular members must pay their dues
by Jan. 21.
Virgil Hinshaw, president of the
Stanford Badminton Club, announces
that the organization will hold its
first meeting of the 1941 season Tues
day in the Women's Gym. All those
interested will be welcome. The
business meeting will open at 7
o'clock, its chief purpose being to
plan the season's matches. All reg
ular members must pay their dues
by Jan. 21.
Virgil Hinshaw, president of the
Stanford Badminton Club, announces
that the organization will hold its
first meeting of the 1941 season Tues
day in the Women's Gym. All those
interested will be welcome. The
business meeting will open at 7
o'clock, its chief purpose being to
plan the season's matches. All reg
ular members must pay their dues
by Jan. 21.
Virgil Hinshaw, president of the
Stanford Badminton Club, announces
that the organization will hold its
first meeting of the 1941 season Tues
day in the Women's Gym. All those
interested will be welcome. The
business meeting will open at 7
o'clock, its chief purpose being to
plan the season's matches. All reg
ular members must pay their dues
by Jan. 21.
Virgil Hinshaw, president of the
Stanford Badminton Club, announces
that the organization will hold its
first meeting of the 1941 season Tues
day in the Women's Gym. All those
interested will be welcome. The
business meeting will open at 7
o'clock, its chief purpose being to
plan the season's matches. All reg
ular members must pay their dues
by Jan. 21.
Virgil Hinshaw, president of the
Stanford Badminton Club, announces
that the organization will hold its
first meeting of the 1941 season Tues
day in the Women's Gym. All those
interested will be welcome. The
business meeting will open at 7
o'clock, its chief purpose being to
plan the season's matches. All reg
ular members must pay their dues
by Jan. 21.
Virgil Hinshaw, president of the
Stanford Badminton Club, announces
that the organization will hold its
first meeting of the 1941 season Tues
day in the Women's Gym. All those
interested will be welcome. The
business meeting will open at 7
o'clock, its chief purpose being to
plan the season's matches. All reg
ular members must pay their dues
by Jan. 21.
Virgil Hinshaw, president of the
Stanford Badminton Club, announces
that the organization will hold its
first meeting of the 1941 season Tues
day in the Women's Gym. All those
interested will be welcome. The
business meeting will open at 7
o'clock, its chief purpose being to
plan the season's matches. All reg
ular members must pay their dues
by Jan. 21.
Virgil Hinshaw, president of the
Stanford Badminton Club, announces
that the organization will hold its
first meeting of the 1941 season Tues
day in the Women's Gym. All those
interested will be welcome. The
business meeting will open at 7
o'clock, its chief purpose being to
plan the season's matches. All reg
ular members must pay their dues
by Jan. 21.
Virgil Hinshaw, president of the
Stanford Badminton Club, announces
that the organization will hold its
first meeting of the 1941 season Tues
day in the Women's Gym. All those
interested will be welcome. The
business meeting will open at 7
o'clock, its chief purpose being to
plan the season's matches. All reg
ular members must pay their dues
by Jan. 21.
Virgil Hinshaw, president of the
Stanford Badminton Club, announces
that the organization will hold its
first meeting of the 1941 season Tues
day in the Women's Gym. All those
interested will be welcome. The
business meeting will open at 7
o'clock, its chief purpose being to
plan the season's matches. All reg
ular members must pay their dues
by Jan. 21.
Virgil Hinshaw, president of the
Stanford Badminton Club, announces
that the organization will hold its
first meeting of the 1941 season Tues
day in the Women's Gym. All those
interested will be welcome. The
business meeting will open at 7
o'clock, its chief purpose being to
plan the season's matches. All reg
ular members must pay their dues
by Jan. 21.
