# Y. M. C. A. Makes Plans to Handle Big Delegation at Asilomar Conference
## 
### 
Officers of the local Y. M. C. A. are
making plans to handle the largest
Asilomar college conference delega
tion in years. Nearly forty Stanford
men are expected to be present De
cember 26 when the meeting, which is
attended by over 400 men from twenty
western colleges and schools, opens at
the Monterey Bay convention head
quarters.
The conference, which is open to
any Stanford student, will last for one
week, adjourning on January 2. Prac
tically every school of college rank in
California, Arizona, and Nevada, will
send delegations and there will he a
number of prominent speakers on the
week's program. Anyone desiring fur
ther information should get in touch
with Jim Sparling, assistant general
secretary of the Stanford "Y."
