# Adv. 11 Page 4
## 
### 
1 WEEK SPECIAL
New English 3-Speed Lightweight
bicycles
From $49.95
CAMPUS BIKE SHOP
Next to Shell Station—Santa Teresa
1 WEEK SPECIAL
New English 3-Speed Lightweight
bicycles
From $49.95
CAMPUS BIKE SHOP
Next to Shell Station—Santa Teresa
1 WEEK SPECIAL
New English 3-Speed Lightweight
bicycles
From $49.95
CAMPUS BIKE SHOP
Next to Shell Station—Santa Teresa
1 WEEK SPECIAL
New English 3-Speed Lightweight
bicycles
From $49.95
CAMPUS BIKE SHOP
Next to Shell Station—Santa Teresa
1 WEEK SPECIAL
New English 3-Speed Lightweight
bicycles
From $49.95
CAMPUS BIKE SHOP
Next to Shell Station—Santa Teresa
1 WEEK SPECIAL
New English 3-Speed Lightweight
bicycles
From $49.95
CAMPUS BIKE SHOP
Next to Shell Station—Santa Teresa
1 WEEK SPECIAL
New English 3-Speed Lightweight
bicycles
From $49.95
CAMPUS BIKE SHOP
Next to Shell Station—Santa Teresa
1 WEEK SPECIAL
New English 3-Speed Lightweight
bicycles
From $49.95
CAMPUS BIKE SHOP
Next to Shell Station—Santa Teresa
1 WEEK SPECIAL
New English 3-Speed Lightweight
bicycles
From $49.95
CAMPUS BIKE SHOP
Next to Shell Station—Santa Teresa
1 WEEK SPECIAL
New English 3-Speed Lightweight
bicycles
From $49.95
CAMPUS BIKE SHOP
Next to Shell Station—Santa Teresa
1 WEEK SPECIAL
New English 3-Speed Lightweight
bicycles
From $49.95
CAMPUS BIKE SHOP
Next to Shell Station—Santa Teresa
1 WEEK SPECIAL
New English 3-Speed Lightweight
bicycles
From $49.95
CAMPUS BIKE SHOP
Next to Shell Station—Santa Teresa
1 WEEK SPECIAL
New English 3-Speed Lightweight
bicycles
From $49.95
CAMPUS BIKE SHOP
Next to Shell Station—Santa Teresa
1 WEEK SPECIAL
New English 3-Speed Lightweight
bicycles
From $49.95
CAMPUS BIKE SHOP
Next to Shell Station—Santa Teresa
1 WEEK SPECIAL
New English 3-Speed Lightweight
bicycles
From $49.95
CAMPUS BIKE SHOP
Next to Shell Station—Santa Teresa
