# Men Take Over 5 Women's Dorms
## 
### 
Stanford's men and women are
really swapping dorms this year.
While all eyes were focused on
the women as they occupied En
cina for a two-week stay, men
quietly took possession of three
former women's residecnes
Manzanita, Elm and Sterling
halls.
The two Union residences,
Manzanita and Elm, had been
cleared of residents so they could
bo torn down to makp way for
now construction. But with a sud
den influx of students both
houses were reactivated, this
time for graduate men. and will
probably remain open for two or
three quarters, according to Dr.
John Yarborough, director of res
idences.
Sterling Hall was the only
women's dormitory in Stanford
Village. It is now filled to ca
pacity with men, both graduate
and undergraduate. Building 310
at the Village, which had been
closed last year, has been re
opened for men.
When the time does come for
razing the two Union residences,
the site occupied by Manzanita
will bo offered to a fraternity
while tho Elm area is to be used
for the new Post Office building.
