# Dulles Denies U.S. Appeased Peron
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 (UP)
—Secretary of State John Foster
Dulles took issue today with Adlai
E. Stevenson's suggestion that
President Eisenhower's brother
urged the Administration to "ap
pease" former dictator Juan
Peron of Argentina.
Dulles told a news conference
that Dr. Milton S. Eisenhower per
formed a highly constructive serv
ice during a 1953 mission to Latin
America as the President's per
sonal emissary.
At no lime, he said, did Dr. Ei
senhower interfere with State De
partment policies in that area. He
cited the fact that it was during
the present Administration that
Peron was overthrown and forced
into exile.
Stevenson, the Democratic pres
idential candidate, charged in a
speech at Miami, Fla., last night
that the Eisenhower Administra
tion "chose to appease" the for
mer Argentine strong man.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 (UP)
—Secretary of State John Foster
Dulles took issue today with Adlai
E. Stevenson's suggestion that
President Eisenhower's brother
urged the Administration to "ap
pease" former dictator Juan
Peron of Argentina.
Dulles told a news conference
that Dr. Milton S. Eisenhower per
formed a highly constructive serv
ice during a 1953 mission to Latin
America as the President's per
sonal emissary.
At no lime, he said, did Dr. Ei
senhower interfere with State De
partment policies in that area. He
cited the fact that it was during
the present Administration that
Peron was overthrown and forced
into exile.
Stevenson, the Democratic pres
idential candidate, charged in a
speech at Miami, Fla., last night
that the Eisenhower Administra
tion "chose to appease" the for
mer Argentine strong man.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 (UP)
—Secretary of State John Foster
Dulles took issue today with Adlai
E. Stevenson's suggestion that
President Eisenhower's brother
urged the Administration to "ap
pease" former dictator Juan
Peron of Argentina.
Dulles told a news conference
that Dr. Milton S. Eisenhower per
formed a highly constructive serv
ice during a 1953 mission to Latin
America as the President's per
sonal emissary.
At no lime, he said, did Dr. Ei
senhower interfere with State De
partment policies in that area. He
cited the fact that it was during
the present Administration that
Peron was overthrown and forced
into exile.
Stevenson, the Democratic pres
idential candidate, charged in a
speech at Miami, Fla., last night
that the Eisenhower Administra
tion "chose to appease" the for
mer Argentine strong man.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 (UP)
—Secretary of State John Foster
Dulles took issue today with Adlai
E. Stevenson's suggestion that
President Eisenhower's brother
urged the Administration to "ap
pease" former dictator Juan
Peron of Argentina.
Dulles told a news conference
that Dr. Milton S. Eisenhower per
formed a highly constructive serv
ice during a 1953 mission to Latin
America as the President's per
sonal emissary.
At no lime, he said, did Dr. Ei
senhower interfere with State De
partment policies in that area. He
cited the fact that it was during
the present Administration that
Peron was overthrown and forced
into exile.
Stevenson, the Democratic pres
idential candidate, charged in a
speech at Miami, Fla., last night
that the Eisenhower Administra
tion "chose to appease" the for
mer Argentine strong man.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 (UP)
—Secretary of State John Foster
Dulles took issue today with Adlai
E. Stevenson's suggestion that
President Eisenhower's brother
urged the Administration to "ap
pease" former dictator Juan
Peron of Argentina.
Dulles told a news conference
that Dr. Milton S. Eisenhower per
formed a highly constructive serv
ice during a 1953 mission to Latin
America as the President's per
sonal emissary.
At no lime, he said, did Dr. Ei
senhower interfere with State De
partment policies in that area. He
cited the fact that it was during
the present Administration that
Peron was overthrown and forced
into exile.
Stevenson, the Democratic pres
idential candidate, charged in a
speech at Miami, Fla., last night
that the Eisenhower Administra
tion "chose to appease" the for
mer Argentine strong man.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 (UP)
—Secretary of State John Foster
Dulles took issue today with Adlai
E. Stevenson's suggestion that
President Eisenhower's brother
urged the Administration to "ap
pease" former dictator Juan
Peron of Argentina.
Dulles told a news conference
that Dr. Milton S. Eisenhower per
formed a highly constructive serv
ice during a 1953 mission to Latin
America as the President's per
sonal emissary.
At no lime, he said, did Dr. Ei
senhower interfere with State De
partment policies in that area. He
cited the fact that it was during
the present Administration that
Peron was overthrown and forced
into exile.
Stevenson, the Democratic pres
idential candidate, charged in a
speech at Miami, Fla., last night
that the Eisenhower Administra
tion "chose to appease" the for
mer Argentine strong man.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 (UP)
—Secretary of State John Foster
Dulles took issue today with Adlai
E. Stevenson's suggestion that
President Eisenhower's brother
urged the Administration to "ap
pease" former dictator Juan
Peron of Argentina.
Dulles told a news conference
that Dr. Milton S. Eisenhower per
formed a highly constructive serv
ice during a 1953 mission to Latin
America as the President's per
sonal emissary.
At no lime, he said, did Dr. Ei
senhower interfere with State De
partment policies in that area. He
cited the fact that it was during
the present Administration that
Peron was overthrown and forced
into exile.
Stevenson, the Democratic pres
idential candidate, charged in a
speech at Miami, Fla., last night
that the Eisenhower Administra
tion "chose to appease" the for
mer Argentine strong man.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 (UP)
—Secretary of State John Foster
Dulles took issue today with Adlai
E. Stevenson's suggestion that
President Eisenhower's brother
urged the Administration to "ap
pease" former dictator Juan
Peron of Argentina.
Dulles told a news conference
that Dr. Milton S. Eisenhower per
formed a highly constructive serv
ice during a 1953 mission to Latin
America as the President's per
sonal emissary.
At no lime, he said, did Dr. Ei
senhower interfere with State De
partment policies in that area. He
cited the fact that it was during
the present Administration that
Peron was overthrown and forced
into exile.
Stevenson, the Democratic pres
idential candidate, charged in a
speech at Miami, Fla., last night
that the Eisenhower Administra
tion "chose to appease" the for
mer Argentine strong man.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 (UP)
—Secretary of State John Foster
Dulles took issue today with Adlai
E. Stevenson's suggestion that
President Eisenhower's brother
urged the Administration to "ap
pease" former dictator Juan
Peron of Argentina.
Dulles told a news conference
that Dr. Milton S. Eisenhower per
formed a highly constructive serv
ice during a 1953 mission to Latin
America as the President's per
sonal emissary.
At no lime, he said, did Dr. Ei
senhower interfere with State De
partment policies in that area. He
cited the fact that it was during
the present Administration that
Peron was overthrown and forced
into exile.
Stevenson, the Democratic pres
idential candidate, charged in a
speech at Miami, Fla., last night
that the Eisenhower Administra
tion "chose to appease" the for
mer Argentine strong man.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 (UP)
—Secretary of State John Foster
Dulles took issue today with Adlai
E. Stevenson's suggestion that
President Eisenhower's brother
urged the Administration to "ap
pease" former dictator Juan
Peron of Argentina.
Dulles told a news conference
that Dr. Milton S. Eisenhower per
formed a highly constructive serv
ice during a 1953 mission to Latin
America as the President's per
sonal emissary.
At no lime, he said, did Dr. Ei
senhower interfere with State De
partment policies in that area. He
cited the fact that it was during
the present Administration that
Peron was overthrown and forced
into exile.
Stevenson, the Democratic pres
idential candidate, charged in a
speech at Miami, Fla., last night
that the Eisenhower Administra
tion "chose to appease" the for
mer Argentine strong man.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 (UP)
—Secretary of State John Foster
Dulles took issue today with Adlai
E. Stevenson's suggestion that
President Eisenhower's brother
urged the Administration to "ap
pease" former dictator Juan
Peron of Argentina.
Dulles told a news conference
that Dr. Milton S. Eisenhower per
formed a highly constructive serv
ice during a 1953 mission to Latin
America as the President's per
sonal emissary.
At no lime, he said, did Dr. Ei
senhower interfere with State De
partment policies in that area. He
cited the fact that it was during
the present Administration that
Peron was overthrown and forced
into exile.
Stevenson, the Democratic pres
idential candidate, charged in a
speech at Miami, Fla., last night
that the Eisenhower Administra
tion "chose to appease" the for
mer Argentine strong man.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 (UP)
—Secretary of State John Foster
Dulles took issue today with Adlai
E. Stevenson's suggestion that
President Eisenhower's brother
urged the Administration to "ap
pease" former dictator Juan
Peron of Argentina.
Dulles told a news conference
that Dr. Milton S. Eisenhower per
formed a highly constructive serv
ice during a 1953 mission to Latin
America as the President's per
sonal emissary.
At no lime, he said, did Dr. Ei
senhower interfere with State De
partment policies in that area. He
cited the fact that it was during
the present Administration that
Peron was overthrown and forced
into exile.
Stevenson, the Democratic pres
idential candidate, charged in a
speech at Miami, Fla., last night
that the Eisenhower Administra
tion "chose to appease" the for
mer Argentine strong man.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 (UP)
—Secretary of State John Foster
Dulles took issue today with Adlai
E. Stevenson's suggestion that
President Eisenhower's brother
urged the Administration to "ap
pease" former dictator Juan
Peron of Argentina.
Dulles told a news conference
that Dr. Milton S. Eisenhower per
formed a highly constructive serv
ice during a 1953 mission to Latin
America as the President's per
sonal emissary.
At no lime, he said, did Dr. Ei
senhower interfere with State De
partment policies in that area. He
cited the fact that it was during
the present Administration that
Peron was overthrown and forced
into exile.
Stevenson, the Democratic pres
idential candidate, charged in a
speech at Miami, Fla., last night
that the Eisenhower Administra
tion "chose to appease" the for
mer Argentine strong man.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 (UP)
—Secretary of State John Foster
Dulles took issue today with Adlai
E. Stevenson's suggestion that
President Eisenhower's brother
urged the Administration to "ap
pease" former dictator Juan
Peron of Argentina.
Dulles told a news conference
that Dr. Milton S. Eisenhower per
formed a highly constructive serv
ice during a 1953 mission to Latin
America as the President's per
sonal emissary.
At no lime, he said, did Dr. Ei
senhower interfere with State De
partment policies in that area. He
cited the fact that it was during
the present Administration that
Peron was overthrown and forced
into exile.
Stevenson, the Democratic pres
idential candidate, charged in a
speech at Miami, Fla., last night
that the Eisenhower Administra
tion "chose to appease" the for
mer Argentine strong man.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26 (UP)
—Secretary of State John Foster
Dulles took issue today with Adlai
E. Stevenson's suggestion that
President Eisenhower's brother
urged the Administration to "ap
pease" former dictator Juan
Peron of Argentina.
Dulles told a news conference
that Dr. Milton S. Eisenhower per
formed a highly constructive serv
ice during a 1953 mission to Latin
America as the President's per
sonal emissary.
At no lime, he said, did Dr. Ei
senhower interfere with State De
partment policies in that area. He
cited the fact that it was during
the present Administration that
Peron was overthrown and forced
into exile.
Stevenson, the Democratic pres
idential candidate, charged in a
speech at Miami, Fla., last night
that the Eisenhower Administra
tion "chose to appease" the for
mer Argentine strong man.
