# Publications Board
## 
### 
The chairmanship of Publications
Board fell to Dick Mansfield, Daily
editor, last week,
The chairmanship of Publications
Board fell to Dick Mansfield, Daily
editor, last week,
The chairmanship of Publications
Board fell to Dick Mansfield, Daily
editor, last week,
The chairmanship of Publications
Board fell to Dick Mansfield, Daily
editor, last week,
The chairmanship of Publications
Board fell to Dick Mansfield, Daily
editor, last week,
The chairmanship of Publications
Board fell to Dick Mansfield, Daily
editor, last week,
The chairmanship of Publications
Board fell to Dick Mansfield, Daily
editor, last week,
The chairmanship of Publications
Board fell to Dick Mansfield, Daily
editor, last week,
The chairmanship of Publications
Board fell to Dick Mansfield, Daily
editor, last week,
The chairmanship of Publications
Board fell to Dick Mansfield, Daily
editor, last week,
The chairmanship of Publications
Board fell to Dick Mansfield, Daily
editor, last week,
The chairmanship of Publications
Board fell to Dick Mansfield, Daily
editor, last week,
The chairmanship of Publications
Board fell to Dick Mansfield, Daily
editor, last week,
The chairmanship of Publications
Board fell to Dick Mansfield, Daily
editor, last week,
The chairmanship of Publications
Board fell to Dick Mansfield, Daily
editor, last week,
