# Adv. 29 Page 11
## 
### 
Girl's Lacrosse Coaches Needed
Gunn High School
Great Program, Flexible Hours To
apply or for more information
e-mail lisawmaclean@gmail.com
Tech Proj Coordinator wanted for
incubation of Global Non-profit
Venture on Cultural Diversity -
see http://www.storybases.org.
Needs mature software expertise
and team leadership abilities.
Volunteers also for proj. comms,
cultural res, web dsn, s/w &
CS.Email: coordinator@storybas
es.org
PA Rdwds I+bd/Iba condo
$2000oboinsd Indry.frpl,secure
bldg/gar w/2 blcns.comm pool/
jac.CallTena
650-218-3866
Portola Valley I+rooms; 1 bath;
quiet at $1,500/month;Chip
6507143965
Mtn. View furnished master broom
w/ private bath + entrance
$650/mn +$300 deposit,includes
utilities washer/dryer, satellite.
Girl's Lacrosse Coaches Needed
Gunn High School
Great Program, Flexible Hours To
apply or for more information
e-mail lisawmaclean@gmail.com
Tech Proj Coordinator wanted for
incubation of Global Non-profit
Venture on Cultural Diversity -
see http://www.storybases.org.
Needs mature software expertise
and team leadership abilities.
Volunteers also for proj. comms,
cultural res, web dsn, s/w &
CS.Email: coordinator@storybas
es.org
PA Rdwds I+bd/Iba condo
$2000oboinsd Indry.frpl,secure
bldg/gar w/2 blcns.comm pool/
jac.CallTena
650-218-3866
Portola Valley I+rooms; 1 bath;
quiet at $1,500/month;Chip
6507143965
Mtn. View furnished master broom
w/ private bath + entrance
$650/mn +$300 deposit,includes
utilities washer/dryer, satellite.
Girl's Lacrosse Coaches Needed
Gunn High School
Great Program, Flexible Hours To
apply or for more information
e-mail lisawmaclean@gmail.com
Tech Proj Coordinator wanted for
incubation of Global Non-profit
Venture on Cultural Diversity -
see http://www.storybases.org.
Needs mature software expertise
and team leadership abilities.
Volunteers also for proj. comms,
cultural res, web dsn, s/w &
CS.Email: coordinator@storybas
es.org
PA Rdwds I+bd/Iba condo
$2000oboinsd Indry.frpl,secure
bldg/gar w/2 blcns.comm pool/
jac.CallTena
650-218-3866
Portola Valley I+rooms; 1 bath;
quiet at $1,500/month;Chip
6507143965
Mtn. View furnished master broom
w/ private bath + entrance
$650/mn +$300 deposit,includes
utilities washer/dryer, satellite.
Girl's Lacrosse Coaches Needed
Gunn High School
Great Program, Flexible Hours To
apply or for more information
e-mail lisawmaclean@gmail.com
Tech Proj Coordinator wanted for
incubation of Global Non-profit
Venture on Cultural Diversity -
see http://www.storybases.org.
Needs mature software expertise
and team leadership abilities.
Volunteers also for proj. comms,
cultural res, web dsn, s/w &
CS.Email: coordinator@storybas
es.org
PA Rdwds I+bd/Iba condo
$2000oboinsd Indry.frpl,secure
bldg/gar w/2 blcns.comm pool/
jac.CallTena
650-218-3866
Portola Valley I+rooms; 1 bath;
quiet at $1,500/month;Chip
6507143965
Mtn. View furnished master broom
w/ private bath + entrance
$650/mn +$300 deposit,includes
utilities washer/dryer, satellite.
Girl's Lacrosse Coaches Needed
Gunn High School
Great Program, Flexible Hours To
apply or for more information
e-mail lisawmaclean@gmail.com
Tech Proj Coordinator wanted for
incubation of Global Non-profit
Venture on Cultural Diversity -
see http://www.storybases.org.
Needs mature software expertise
and team leadership abilities.
Volunteers also for proj. comms,
cultural res, web dsn, s/w &
CS.Email: coordinator@storybas
es.org
PA Rdwds I+bd/Iba condo
$2000oboinsd Indry.frpl,secure
bldg/gar w/2 blcns.comm pool/
jac.CallTena
650-218-3866
Portola Valley I+rooms; 1 bath;
quiet at $1,500/month;Chip
6507143965
Mtn. View furnished master broom
w/ private bath + entrance
$650/mn +$300 deposit,includes
utilities washer/dryer, satellite.
Girl's Lacrosse Coaches Needed
Gunn High School
Great Program, Flexible Hours To
apply or for more information
e-mail lisawmaclean@gmail.com
Tech Proj Coordinator wanted for
incubation of Global Non-profit
Venture on Cultural Diversity -
see http://www.storybases.org.
Needs mature software expertise
and team leadership abilities.
Volunteers also for proj. comms,
cultural res, web dsn, s/w &
CS.Email: coordinator@storybas
es.org
PA Rdwds I+bd/Iba condo
$2000oboinsd Indry.frpl,secure
bldg/gar w/2 blcns.comm pool/
jac.CallTena
650-218-3866
Portola Valley I+rooms; 1 bath;
quiet at $1,500/month;Chip
6507143965
Mtn. View furnished master broom
w/ private bath + entrance
$650/mn +$300 deposit,includes
utilities washer/dryer, satellite.
