# A 						Stanford Professor's Work.
## 
### 
Mary Sheldon Jinnies of belaud
Stanford Junior University hus
prepared a l>ook of "Studies in
Historical Method" which sets
forth with admirable clearness and
hrendth the methods of historical
study that prove most serviceable
for training and for culture. She
believes that it is the function of
the study of history to add to the
sum of knowledge, to aid in its dif
fusion, and to make intelligent and
patriotic citizens. The book gives
practical outlines for the study of
local history, and contains invalu
able hints for teachers in the ele
nientary grades and in high schools
and academies. The special chap
ter on the sources of history, to
gether with the discriminating
bibliography, will prove of great
value to the general reader and to
the university specialist. Such a
guide should he on every teacher's
desk and every library table. The
hook is in press and will appear in
the early spring. I). C. Heath A'
('o., Boston, are publishers.
Mary Sheldon Jinnies of belaud
Stanford Junior University hus
prepared a l>ook of "Studies in
Historical Method" which sets
forth with admirable clearness and
hrendth the methods of historical
study that prove most serviceable
for training and for culture. She
believes that it is the function of
the study of history to add to the
sum of knowledge, to aid in its dif
fusion, and to make intelligent and
patriotic citizens. The book gives
practical outlines for the study of
local history, and contains invalu
able hints for teachers in the ele
nientary grades and in high schools
and academies. The special chap
ter on the sources of history, to
gether with the discriminating
bibliography, will prove of great
value to the general reader and to
the university specialist. Such a
guide should he on every teacher's
desk and every library table. The
hook is in press and will appear in
the early spring. I). C. Heath A'
('o., Boston, are publishers.
Mary Sheldon Jinnies of belaud
Stanford Junior University hus
prepared a l>ook of "Studies in
Historical Method" which sets
forth with admirable clearness and
hrendth the methods of historical
study that prove most serviceable
for training and for culture. She
believes that it is the function of
the study of history to add to the
sum of knowledge, to aid in its dif
fusion, and to make intelligent and
patriotic citizens. The book gives
practical outlines for the study of
local history, and contains invalu
able hints for teachers in the ele
nientary grades and in high schools
and academies. The special chap
ter on the sources of history, to
gether with the discriminating
bibliography, will prove of great
value to the general reader and to
the university specialist. Such a
guide should he on every teacher's
desk and every library table. The
hook is in press and will appear in
the early spring. I). C. Heath A'
('o., Boston, are publishers.
Mary Sheldon Jinnies of belaud
Stanford Junior University hus
prepared a l>ook of "Studies in
Historical Method" which sets
forth with admirable clearness and
hrendth the methods of historical
study that prove most serviceable
for training and for culture. She
believes that it is the function of
the study of history to add to the
sum of knowledge, to aid in its dif
fusion, and to make intelligent and
patriotic citizens. The book gives
practical outlines for the study of
local history, and contains invalu
able hints for teachers in the ele
nientary grades and in high schools
and academies. The special chap
ter on the sources of history, to
gether with the discriminating
bibliography, will prove of great
value to the general reader and to
the university specialist. Such a
guide should he on every teacher's
desk and every library table. The
hook is in press and will appear in
the early spring. I). C. Heath A'
('o., Boston, are publishers.
Mary Sheldon Jinnies of belaud
Stanford Junior University hus
prepared a l>ook of "Studies in
Historical Method" which sets
forth with admirable clearness and
hrendth the methods of historical
study that prove most serviceable
for training and for culture. She
believes that it is the function of
the study of history to add to the
sum of knowledge, to aid in its dif
fusion, and to make intelligent and
patriotic citizens. The book gives
practical outlines for the study of
local history, and contains invalu
able hints for teachers in the ele
nientary grades and in high schools
and academies. The special chap
ter on the sources of history, to
gether with the discriminating
bibliography, will prove of great
value to the general reader and to
the university specialist. Such a
guide should he on every teacher's
desk and every library table. The
hook is in press and will appear in
the early spring. I). C. Heath A'
('o., Boston, are publishers.
