# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Second-hand copies of L'Abbe
Constantin may be disposed of at
the Co-op. if left there this week.
At the regular meeting of the
Mechanical Engineers' Club yes
terday evening, Wood, '90, gave a
report on a "Pumping plant for
the City of San Francisco." Henne,
"I>7, gave a report <>n "The German
engineering student." The club
transacted some general business
and adjourned.
Second-hand copies of L'Abbe
Constantin may be disposed of at
the Co-op. if left there this week.
At the regular meeting of the
Mechanical Engineers' Club yes
terday evening, Wood, '90, gave a
report on a "Pumping plant for
the City of San Francisco." Henne,
"I>7, gave a report <>n "The German
engineering student." The club
transacted some general business
and adjourned.
Second-hand copies of L'Abbe
Constantin may be disposed of at
the Co-op. if left there this week.
At the regular meeting of the
Mechanical Engineers' Club yes
terday evening, Wood, '90, gave a
report on a "Pumping plant for
the City of San Francisco." Henne,
"I>7, gave a report <>n "The German
engineering student." The club
transacted some general business
and adjourned.
Second-hand copies of L'Abbe
Constantin may be disposed of at
the Co-op. if left there this week.
At the regular meeting of the
Mechanical Engineers' Club yes
terday evening, Wood, '90, gave a
report on a "Pumping plant for
the City of San Francisco." Henne,
"I>7, gave a report <>n "The German
engineering student." The club
transacted some general business
and adjourned.
Second-hand copies of L'Abbe
Constantin may be disposed of at
the Co-op. if left there this week.
At the regular meeting of the
Mechanical Engineers' Club yes
terday evening, Wood, '90, gave a
report on a "Pumping plant for
the City of San Francisco." Henne,
"I>7, gave a report <>n "The German
engineering student." The club
transacted some general business
and adjourned.
