# SPECIAL NOTICES
## 
### 
Will the person who took bicycle
from in front of Library Friday even
ing please return to same place.
Lost —On the Row, ring set with a
large coral. Return to K. Leonard,
Alpha Phi house.
Furnished house on campus for rent
during second semester. Apply to box
1281.
Lost—Grey Koiiirhneck Sweater, at
turf. Return to D. P. A. office. Re
ward.
Lost—On Salvatierra street, pa ir of
gray kid gloves. Finder please leave
at Registrar's office.
Louis Bcnoit, Tailor—Will press and
repair your suits. Encina basement.
Will the person who took bicycle
from in front of Library Friday even
ing please return to same place.
Lost —On the Row, ring set with a
large coral. Return to K. Leonard,
Alpha Phi house.
Furnished house on campus for rent
during second semester. Apply to box
1281.
Lost—Grey Koiiirhneck Sweater, at
turf. Return to D. P. A. office. Re
ward.
Lost—On Salvatierra street, pa ir of
gray kid gloves. Finder please leave
at Registrar's office.
Louis Bcnoit, Tailor—Will press and
repair your suits. Encina basement.
Will the person who took bicycle
from in front of Library Friday even
ing please return to same place.
Lost —On the Row, ring set with a
large coral. Return to K. Leonard,
Alpha Phi house.
Furnished house on campus for rent
during second semester. Apply to box
1281.
Lost—Grey Koiiirhneck Sweater, at
turf. Return to D. P. A. office. Re
ward.
Lost—On Salvatierra street, pa ir of
gray kid gloves. Finder please leave
at Registrar's office.
Louis Bcnoit, Tailor—Will press and
repair your suits. Encina basement.
Will the person who took bicycle
from in front of Library Friday even
ing please return to same place.
Lost —On the Row, ring set with a
large coral. Return to K. Leonard,
Alpha Phi house.
Furnished house on campus for rent
during second semester. Apply to box
1281.
Lost—Grey Koiiirhneck Sweater, at
turf. Return to D. P. A. office. Re
ward.
Lost—On Salvatierra street, pa ir of
gray kid gloves. Finder please leave
at Registrar's office.
Louis Bcnoit, Tailor—Will press and
repair your suits. Encina basement.
Will the person who took bicycle
from in front of Library Friday even
ing please return to same place.
Lost —On the Row, ring set with a
large coral. Return to K. Leonard,
Alpha Phi house.
Furnished house on campus for rent
during second semester. Apply to box
1281.
Lost—Grey Koiiirhneck Sweater, at
turf. Return to D. P. A. office. Re
ward.
Lost—On Salvatierra street, pa ir of
gray kid gloves. Finder please leave
at Registrar's office.
Louis Bcnoit, Tailor—Will press and
repair your suits. Encina basement.
Will the person who took bicycle
from in front of Library Friday even
ing please return to same place.
Lost —On the Row, ring set with a
large coral. Return to K. Leonard,
Alpha Phi house.
Furnished house on campus for rent
during second semester. Apply to box
1281.
Lost—Grey Koiiirhneck Sweater, at
turf. Return to D. P. A. office. Re
ward.
Lost—On Salvatierra street, pa ir of
gray kid gloves. Finder please leave
at Registrar's office.
Louis Bcnoit, Tailor—Will press and
repair your suits. Encina basement.
Will the person who took bicycle
from in front of Library Friday even
ing please return to same place.
Lost —On the Row, ring set with a
large coral. Return to K. Leonard,
Alpha Phi house.
Furnished house on campus for rent
during second semester. Apply to box
1281.
Lost—Grey Koiiirhneck Sweater, at
turf. Return to D. P. A. office. Re
ward.
Lost—On Salvatierra street, pa ir of
gray kid gloves. Finder please leave
at Registrar's office.
Louis Bcnoit, Tailor—Will press and
repair your suits. Encina basement.
Will the person who took bicycle
from in front of Library Friday even
ing please return to same place.
Lost —On the Row, ring set with a
large coral. Return to K. Leonard,
Alpha Phi house.
Furnished house on campus for rent
during second semester. Apply to box
1281.
Lost—Grey Koiiirhneck Sweater, at
turf. Return to D. P. A. office. Re
ward.
Lost—On Salvatierra street, pa ir of
gray kid gloves. Finder please leave
at Registrar's office.
Louis Bcnoit, Tailor—Will press and
repair your suits. Encina basement.
Will the person who took bicycle
from in front of Library Friday even
ing please return to same place.
Lost —On the Row, ring set with a
large coral. Return to K. Leonard,
Alpha Phi house.
Furnished house on campus for rent
during second semester. Apply to box
1281.
Lost—Grey Koiiirhneck Sweater, at
turf. Return to D. P. A. office. Re
ward.
Lost—On Salvatierra street, pa ir of
gray kid gloves. Finder please leave
at Registrar's office.
Louis Bcnoit, Tailor—Will press and
repair your suits. Encina basement.
Will the person who took bicycle
from in front of Library Friday even
ing please return to same place.
Lost —On the Row, ring set with a
large coral. Return to K. Leonard,
Alpha Phi house.
Furnished house on campus for rent
during second semester. Apply to box
1281.
Lost—Grey Koiiirhneck Sweater, at
turf. Return to D. P. A. office. Re
ward.
Lost—On Salvatierra street, pa ir of
gray kid gloves. Finder please leave
at Registrar's office.
Louis Bcnoit, Tailor—Will press and
repair your suits. Encina basement.
Will the person who took bicycle
from in front of Library Friday even
ing please return to same place.
Lost —On the Row, ring set with a
large coral. Return to K. Leonard,
Alpha Phi house.
Furnished house on campus for rent
during second semester. Apply to box
1281.
Lost—Grey Koiiirhneck Sweater, at
turf. Return to D. P. A. office. Re
ward.
Lost—On Salvatierra street, pa ir of
gray kid gloves. Finder please leave
at Registrar's office.
Louis Bcnoit, Tailor—Will press and
repair your suits. Encina basement.
Will the person who took bicycle
from in front of Library Friday even
ing please return to same place.
Lost —On the Row, ring set with a
large coral. Return to K. Leonard,
Alpha Phi house.
Furnished house on campus for rent
during second semester. Apply to box
1281.
Lost—Grey Koiiirhneck Sweater, at
turf. Return to D. P. A. office. Re
ward.
Lost—On Salvatierra street, pa ir of
gray kid gloves. Finder please leave
at Registrar's office.
Louis Bcnoit, Tailor—Will press and
repair your suits. Encina basement.
Will the person who took bicycle
from in front of Library Friday even
ing please return to same place.
Lost —On the Row, ring set with a
large coral. Return to K. Leonard,
Alpha Phi house.
Furnished house on campus for rent
during second semester. Apply to box
1281.
Lost—Grey Koiiirhneck Sweater, at
turf. Return to D. P. A. office. Re
ward.
Lost—On Salvatierra street, pa ir of
gray kid gloves. Finder please leave
at Registrar's office.
Louis Bcnoit, Tailor—Will press and
repair your suits. Encina basement.
Will the person who took bicycle
from in front of Library Friday even
ing please return to same place.
Lost —On the Row, ring set with a
large coral. Return to K. Leonard,
Alpha Phi house.
Furnished house on campus for rent
during second semester. Apply to box
1281.
Lost—Grey Koiiirhneck Sweater, at
turf. Return to D. P. A. office. Re
ward.
Lost—On Salvatierra street, pa ir of
gray kid gloves. Finder please leave
at Registrar's office.
Louis Bcnoit, Tailor—Will press and
repair your suits. Encina basement.
