# CHAPEL SERVICES CONDUCTED AS PART OF PRAYER WEEK
## 
### 
Morning chapel services this week
tire in charge of the members o£ the
Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A., and are
being conducted as part of Stanford's
participation in the national week of
prayer. The custom of holding a week
of prayer is annually observed by the
associations, and the morning services
have been turned over for this purpose
through the courtesy of Chaplain D.
Charles Gardner.
The general subject of the supplica
tions this year is the great war rag
ing in Europe,
Morning chapel services this week
tire in charge of the members o£ the
Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A., and are
being conducted as part of Stanford's
participation in the national week of
prayer. The custom of holding a week
of prayer is annually observed by the
associations, and the morning services
have been turned over for this purpose
through the courtesy of Chaplain D.
Charles Gardner.
The general subject of the supplica
tions this year is the great war rag
ing in Europe,
Morning chapel services this week
tire in charge of the members o£ the
Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A., and are
being conducted as part of Stanford's
participation in the national week of
prayer. The custom of holding a week
of prayer is annually observed by the
associations, and the morning services
have been turned over for this purpose
through the courtesy of Chaplain D.
Charles Gardner.
The general subject of the supplica
tions this year is the great war rag
ing in Europe,
Morning chapel services this week
tire in charge of the members o£ the
Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A., and are
being conducted as part of Stanford's
participation in the national week of
prayer. The custom of holding a week
of prayer is annually observed by the
associations, and the morning services
have been turned over for this purpose
through the courtesy of Chaplain D.
Charles Gardner.
The general subject of the supplica
tions this year is the great war rag
ing in Europe,
Morning chapel services this week
tire in charge of the members o£ the
Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A., and are
being conducted as part of Stanford's
participation in the national week of
prayer. The custom of holding a week
of prayer is annually observed by the
associations, and the morning services
have been turned over for this purpose
through the courtesy of Chaplain D.
Charles Gardner.
The general subject of the supplica
tions this year is the great war rag
ing in Europe,
Morning chapel services this week
tire in charge of the members o£ the
Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A., and are
being conducted as part of Stanford's
participation in the national week of
prayer. The custom of holding a week
of prayer is annually observed by the
associations, and the morning services
have been turned over for this purpose
through the courtesy of Chaplain D.
Charles Gardner.
The general subject of the supplica
tions this year is the great war rag
ing in Europe,
Morning chapel services this week
tire in charge of the members o£ the
Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A., and are
being conducted as part of Stanford's
participation in the national week of
prayer. The custom of holding a week
of prayer is annually observed by the
associations, and the morning services
have been turned over for this purpose
through the courtesy of Chaplain D.
Charles Gardner.
The general subject of the supplica
tions this year is the great war rag
ing in Europe,
Morning chapel services this week
tire in charge of the members o£ the
Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A., and are
being conducted as part of Stanford's
participation in the national week of
prayer. The custom of holding a week
of prayer is annually observed by the
associations, and the morning services
have been turned over for this purpose
through the courtesy of Chaplain D.
Charles Gardner.
The general subject of the supplica
tions this year is the great war rag
ing in Europe,
Morning chapel services this week
tire in charge of the members o£ the
Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A., and are
being conducted as part of Stanford's
participation in the national week of
prayer. The custom of holding a week
of prayer is annually observed by the
associations, and the morning services
have been turned over for this purpose
through the courtesy of Chaplain D.
Charles Gardner.
The general subject of the supplica
tions this year is the great war rag
ing in Europe,
Morning chapel services this week
tire in charge of the members o£ the
Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A., and are
being conducted as part of Stanford's
participation in the national week of
prayer. The custom of holding a week
of prayer is annually observed by the
associations, and the morning services
have been turned over for this purpose
through the courtesy of Chaplain D.
Charles Gardner.
The general subject of the supplica
tions this year is the great war rag
ing in Europe,
Morning chapel services this week
tire in charge of the members o£ the
Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A., and are
being conducted as part of Stanford's
participation in the national week of
prayer. The custom of holding a week
of prayer is annually observed by the
associations, and the morning services
have been turned over for this purpose
through the courtesy of Chaplain D.
Charles Gardner.
The general subject of the supplica
tions this year is the great war rag
ing in Europe,
Morning chapel services this week
tire in charge of the members o£ the
Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A., and are
being conducted as part of Stanford's
participation in the national week of
prayer. The custom of holding a week
of prayer is annually observed by the
associations, and the morning services
have been turned over for this purpose
through the courtesy of Chaplain D.
Charles Gardner.
The general subject of the supplica
tions this year is the great war rag
ing in Europe,
Morning chapel services this week
tire in charge of the members o£ the
Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A., and are
being conducted as part of Stanford's
participation in the national week of
prayer. The custom of holding a week
of prayer is annually observed by the
associations, and the morning services
have been turned over for this purpose
through the courtesy of Chaplain D.
Charles Gardner.
The general subject of the supplica
tions this year is the great war rag
ing in Europe,
Morning chapel services this week
tire in charge of the members o£ the
Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A., and are
being conducted as part of Stanford's
participation in the national week of
prayer. The custom of holding a week
of prayer is annually observed by the
associations, and the morning services
have been turned over for this purpose
through the courtesy of Chaplain D.
Charles Gardner.
The general subject of the supplica
tions this year is the great war rag
ing in Europe,
