# ANNOUNCEMENTS.
## 
### 
Rooters' Hats—Must be secured im
mediately.
Thursday
Freshmen—Attend the rally in As
sembly Hall. Seniors will guard bon
fire.
Rooters' Hats—Must be secured im
mediately.
Thursday
Freshmen—Attend the rally in As
sembly Hall. Seniors will guard bon
fire.
Rooters' Hats—Must be secured im
mediately.
Thursday
Freshmen—Attend the rally in As
sembly Hall. Seniors will guard bon
fire.
Rooters' Hats—Must be secured im
mediately.
Thursday
Freshmen—Attend the rally in As
sembly Hall. Seniors will guard bon
fire.
Rooters' Hats—Must be secured im
mediately.
Thursday
Freshmen—Attend the rally in As
sembly Hall. Seniors will guard bon
fire.
Rooters' Hats—Must be secured im
mediately.
Thursday
Freshmen—Attend the rally in As
sembly Hall. Seniors will guard bon
fire.
Rooters' Hats—Must be secured im
mediately.
Thursday
Freshmen—Attend the rally in As
sembly Hall. Seniors will guard bon
fire.
Rooters' Hats—Must be secured im
mediately.
Thursday
Freshmen—Attend the rally in As
sembly Hall. Seniors will guard bon
fire.
Rooters' Hats—Must be secured im
mediately.
Thursday
Freshmen—Attend the rally in As
sembly Hall. Seniors will guard bon
fire.
Rooters' Hats—Must be secured im
mediately.
Thursday
Freshmen—Attend the rally in As
sembly Hall. Seniors will guard bon
fire.
Rooters' Hats—Must be secured im
mediately.
Thursday
Freshmen—Attend the rally in As
sembly Hall. Seniors will guard bon
fire.
Rooters' Hats—Must be secured im
mediately.
Thursday
Freshmen—Attend the rally in As
sembly Hall. Seniors will guard bon
fire.
Rooters' Hats—Must be secured im
mediately.
Thursday
Freshmen—Attend the rally in As
sembly Hall. Seniors will guard bon
fire.
Rooters' Hats—Must be secured im
mediately.
Thursday
Freshmen—Attend the rally in As
sembly Hall. Seniors will guard bon
fire.
