# Untitled Article
## 
### 

"Professor Snarf, I want to congratulate you on building the
engineering school into one of the finest in the country —I over
heard some students say you flunked over half the class last
guarter."

"Professor Snarf, I want to congratulate you on building the
engineering school into one of the finest in the country —I over
heard some students say you flunked over half the class last
guarter."

"Professor Snarf, I want to congratulate you on building the
engineering school into one of the finest in the country —I over
heard some students say you flunked over half the class last
guarter."

"Professor Snarf, I want to congratulate you on building the
engineering school into one of the finest in the country —I over
heard some students say you flunked over half the class last
guarter."

"Professor Snarf, I want to congratulate you on building the
engineering school into one of the finest in the country —I over
heard some students say you flunked over half the class last
guarter."

"Professor Snarf, I want to congratulate you on building the
engineering school into one of the finest in the country —I over
heard some students say you flunked over half the class last
guarter."

"Professor Snarf, I want to congratulate you on building the
engineering school into one of the finest in the country —I over
heard some students say you flunked over half the class last
guarter."

"Professor Snarf, I want to congratulate you on building the
engineering school into one of the finest in the country —I over
heard some students say you flunked over half the class last
guarter."

"Professor Snarf, I want to congratulate you on building the
engineering school into one of the finest in the country —I over
heard some students say you flunked over half the class last
guarter."

"Professor Snarf, I want to congratulate you on building the
engineering school into one of the finest in the country —I over
heard some students say you flunked over half the class last
guarter."

"Professor Snarf, I want to congratulate you on building the
engineering school into one of the finest in the country —I over
heard some students say you flunked over half the class last
guarter."

"Professor Snarf, I want to congratulate you on building the
engineering school into one of the finest in the country —I over
heard some students say you flunked over half the class last
guarter."

"Professor Snarf, I want to congratulate you on building the
engineering school into one of the finest in the country —I over
heard some students say you flunked over half the class last
guarter."

"Professor Snarf, I want to congratulate you on building the
engineering school into one of the finest in the country —I over
heard some students say you flunked over half the class last
guarter."

"Professor Snarf, I want to congratulate you on building the
engineering school into one of the finest in the country —I over
heard some students say you flunked over half the class last
guarter."
