# KOREA VETS SAIL
## 
### 
SASEBO, Japan, April 23 (UP)-
More than 1.500 beribboned veter
ans of the Korean war sailed from
this port today.
SASEBO, Japan, April 23 (UP)-
More than 1.500 beribboned veter
ans of the Korean war sailed from
this port today.
SASEBO, Japan, April 23 (UP)-
More than 1.500 beribboned veter
ans of the Korean war sailed from
this port today.
SASEBO, Japan, April 23 (UP)-
More than 1.500 beribboned veter
ans of the Korean war sailed from
this port today.
SASEBO, Japan, April 23 (UP)-
More than 1.500 beribboned veter
ans of the Korean war sailed from
this port today.
SASEBO, Japan, April 23 (UP)-
More than 1.500 beribboned veter
ans of the Korean war sailed from
this port today.
SASEBO, Japan, April 23 (UP)-
More than 1.500 beribboned veter
ans of the Korean war sailed from
this port today.
SASEBO, Japan, April 23 (UP)-
More than 1.500 beribboned veter
ans of the Korean war sailed from
this port today.
SASEBO, Japan, April 23 (UP)-
More than 1.500 beribboned veter
ans of the Korean war sailed from
this port today.
SASEBO, Japan, April 23 (UP)-
More than 1.500 beribboned veter
ans of the Korean war sailed from
this port today.
SASEBO, Japan, April 23 (UP)-
More than 1.500 beribboned veter
ans of the Korean war sailed from
this port today.
SASEBO, Japan, April 23 (UP)-
More than 1.500 beribboned veter
ans of the Korean war sailed from
this port today.
SASEBO, Japan, April 23 (UP)-
More than 1.500 beribboned veter
ans of the Korean war sailed from
this port today.
SASEBO, Japan, April 23 (UP)-
More than 1.500 beribboned veter
ans of the Korean war sailed from
this port today.
SASEBO, Japan, April 23 (UP)-
More than 1.500 beribboned veter
ans of the Korean war sailed from
this port today.
