# Untitled Article
## 
### 
D. H. Walker, Jr., '09. former editor
of the Daily Palo Alto visited the cam
pus yesterday.
D. H. Walker, Jr., '09. former editor
of the Daily Palo Alto visited the cam
pus yesterday.
D. H. Walker, Jr., '09. former editor
of the Daily Palo Alto visited the cam
pus yesterday.
D. H. Walker, Jr., '09. former editor
of the Daily Palo Alto visited the cam
pus yesterday.
D. H. Walker, Jr., '09. former editor
of the Daily Palo Alto visited the cam
pus yesterday.
D. H. Walker, Jr., '09. former editor
of the Daily Palo Alto visited the cam
pus yesterday.
D. H. Walker, Jr., '09. former editor
of the Daily Palo Alto visited the cam
pus yesterday.
D. H. Walker, Jr., '09. former editor
of the Daily Palo Alto visited the cam
pus yesterday.
D. H. Walker, Jr., '09. former editor
of the Daily Palo Alto visited the cam
pus yesterday.
D. H. Walker, Jr., '09. former editor
of the Daily Palo Alto visited the cam
pus yesterday.
D. H. Walker, Jr., '09. former editor
of the Daily Palo Alto visited the cam
pus yesterday.
D. H. Walker, Jr., '09. former editor
of the Daily Palo Alto visited the cam
pus yesterday.
D. H. Walker, Jr., '09. former editor
of the Daily Palo Alto visited the cam
pus yesterday.
