# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Court case
Kate Gompert hopes her
stroke will he in top
shape when she and the
top-ranked Cardinal wo
men's tennis team face
the University of Arizona
tomorrow and USC Satur
day at the Varsity Courts.

Court case
Kate Gompert hopes her
stroke will he in top
shape when she and the
top-ranked Cardinal wo
men's tennis team face
the University of Arizona
tomorrow and USC Satur
day at the Varsity Courts.

Court case
Kate Gompert hopes her
stroke will he in top
shape when she and the
top-ranked Cardinal wo
men's tennis team face
the University of Arizona
tomorrow and USC Satur
day at the Varsity Courts.

Court case
Kate Gompert hopes her
stroke will he in top
shape when she and the
top-ranked Cardinal wo
men's tennis team face
the University of Arizona
tomorrow and USC Satur
day at the Varsity Courts.

Court case
Kate Gompert hopes her
stroke will he in top
shape when she and the
top-ranked Cardinal wo
men's tennis team face
the University of Arizona
tomorrow and USC Satur
day at the Varsity Courts.

Court case
Kate Gompert hopes her
stroke will he in top
shape when she and the
top-ranked Cardinal wo
men's tennis team face
the University of Arizona
tomorrow and USC Satur
day at the Varsity Courts.

Court case
Kate Gompert hopes her
stroke will he in top
shape when she and the
top-ranked Cardinal wo
men's tennis team face
the University of Arizona
tomorrow and USC Satur
day at the Varsity Courts.
