# Untitled Article
## 
### 
EL CAPITAN will meet at 7:15 in
the Chartreuse Room of Toyon
Hall.
EL CAPITAN will meet at 7:15 in
the Chartreuse Room of Toyon
Hall.
EL CAPITAN will meet at 7:15 in
the Chartreuse Room of Toyon
Hall.
EL CAPITAN will meet at 7:15 in
the Chartreuse Room of Toyon
Hall.
EL CAPITAN will meet at 7:15 in
the Chartreuse Room of Toyon
Hall.
EL CAPITAN will meet at 7:15 in
the Chartreuse Room of Toyon
Hall.
EL CAPITAN will meet at 7:15 in
the Chartreuse Room of Toyon
Hall.
EL CAPITAN will meet at 7:15 in
the Chartreuse Room of Toyon
Hall.
EL CAPITAN will meet at 7:15 in
the Chartreuse Room of Toyon
Hall.
EL CAPITAN will meet at 7:15 in
the Chartreuse Room of Toyon
Hall.
EL CAPITAN will meet at 7:15 in
the Chartreuse Room of Toyon
Hall.
EL CAPITAN will meet at 7:15 in
the Chartreuse Room of Toyon
Hall.
EL CAPITAN will meet at 7:15 in
the Chartreuse Room of Toyon
Hall.
EL CAPITAN will meet at 7:15 in
the Chartreuse Room of Toyon
Hall.
