# Vocom to Hear NBC Official
## 
### 
A retired financial magnate and
an NBC executive will be the fea
tured speakers on the final Men's
Vocom program Wednesday night in
Encina lounge. Finance, radio, jour
nalism, and advertising will be cov
ered.
Dudley Swim, Stanford '26, will
give information to those students
interested in the financial world.
Swim retired from Wall Street at
the age of 36 and now lives in
Monterey.
Paul Speeglc, Stanford '30. will
discuss radio, journalism, and ad
vertising. Speegle is program man
ager for radio station KNBC in San
Francisco.
This program will conclude the
current series of vocational guid
ance meetings sponsored by the
Men's Vocom. "Whether you are in
terested in business, some other
field, or undecided, you should not
miss this program." urged Don
Wecden, Men's Vocom chairman.
A retired financial magnate and
an NBC executive will be the fea
tured speakers on the final Men's
Vocom program Wednesday night in
Encina lounge. Finance, radio, jour
nalism, and advertising will be cov
ered.
Dudley Swim, Stanford '26, will
give information to those students
interested in the financial world.
Swim retired from Wall Street at
the age of 36 and now lives in
Monterey.
Paul Speeglc, Stanford '30. will
discuss radio, journalism, and ad
vertising. Speegle is program man
ager for radio station KNBC in San
Francisco.
This program will conclude the
current series of vocational guid
ance meetings sponsored by the
Men's Vocom. "Whether you are in
terested in business, some other
field, or undecided, you should not
miss this program." urged Don
Wecden, Men's Vocom chairman.
A retired financial magnate and
an NBC executive will be the fea
tured speakers on the final Men's
Vocom program Wednesday night in
Encina lounge. Finance, radio, jour
nalism, and advertising will be cov
ered.
Dudley Swim, Stanford '26, will
give information to those students
interested in the financial world.
Swim retired from Wall Street at
the age of 36 and now lives in
Monterey.
Paul Speeglc, Stanford '30. will
discuss radio, journalism, and ad
vertising. Speegle is program man
ager for radio station KNBC in San
Francisco.
This program will conclude the
current series of vocational guid
ance meetings sponsored by the
Men's Vocom. "Whether you are in
terested in business, some other
field, or undecided, you should not
miss this program." urged Don
Wecden, Men's Vocom chairman.
A retired financial magnate and
an NBC executive will be the fea
tured speakers on the final Men's
Vocom program Wednesday night in
Encina lounge. Finance, radio, jour
nalism, and advertising will be cov
ered.
Dudley Swim, Stanford '26, will
give information to those students
interested in the financial world.
Swim retired from Wall Street at
the age of 36 and now lives in
Monterey.
Paul Speeglc, Stanford '30. will
discuss radio, journalism, and ad
vertising. Speegle is program man
ager for radio station KNBC in San
Francisco.
This program will conclude the
current series of vocational guid
ance meetings sponsored by the
Men's Vocom. "Whether you are in
terested in business, some other
field, or undecided, you should not
miss this program." urged Don
Wecden, Men's Vocom chairman.
A retired financial magnate and
an NBC executive will be the fea
tured speakers on the final Men's
Vocom program Wednesday night in
Encina lounge. Finance, radio, jour
nalism, and advertising will be cov
ered.
Dudley Swim, Stanford '26, will
give information to those students
interested in the financial world.
Swim retired from Wall Street at
the age of 36 and now lives in
Monterey.
Paul Speeglc, Stanford '30. will
discuss radio, journalism, and ad
vertising. Speegle is program man
ager for radio station KNBC in San
Francisco.
This program will conclude the
current series of vocational guid
ance meetings sponsored by the
Men's Vocom. "Whether you are in
terested in business, some other
field, or undecided, you should not
miss this program." urged Don
Wecden, Men's Vocom chairman.
A retired financial magnate and
an NBC executive will be the fea
tured speakers on the final Men's
Vocom program Wednesday night in
Encina lounge. Finance, radio, jour
nalism, and advertising will be cov
ered.
Dudley Swim, Stanford '26, will
give information to those students
interested in the financial world.
Swim retired from Wall Street at
the age of 36 and now lives in
Monterey.
Paul Speeglc, Stanford '30. will
discuss radio, journalism, and ad
vertising. Speegle is program man
ager for radio station KNBC in San
Francisco.
This program will conclude the
current series of vocational guid
ance meetings sponsored by the
Men's Vocom. "Whether you are in
terested in business, some other
field, or undecided, you should not
miss this program." urged Don
Wecden, Men's Vocom chairman.
A retired financial magnate and
an NBC executive will be the fea
tured speakers on the final Men's
Vocom program Wednesday night in
Encina lounge. Finance, radio, jour
nalism, and advertising will be cov
ered.
Dudley Swim, Stanford '26, will
give information to those students
interested in the financial world.
Swim retired from Wall Street at
the age of 36 and now lives in
Monterey.
Paul Speeglc, Stanford '30. will
discuss radio, journalism, and ad
vertising. Speegle is program man
ager for radio station KNBC in San
Francisco.
This program will conclude the
current series of vocational guid
ance meetings sponsored by the
Men's Vocom. "Whether you are in
terested in business, some other
field, or undecided, you should not
miss this program." urged Don
Wecden, Men's Vocom chairman.
A retired financial magnate and
an NBC executive will be the fea
tured speakers on the final Men's
Vocom program Wednesday night in
Encina lounge. Finance, radio, jour
nalism, and advertising will be cov
ered.
Dudley Swim, Stanford '26, will
give information to those students
interested in the financial world.
Swim retired from Wall Street at
the age of 36 and now lives in
Monterey.
Paul Speeglc, Stanford '30. will
discuss radio, journalism, and ad
vertising. Speegle is program man
ager for radio station KNBC in San
Francisco.
This program will conclude the
current series of vocational guid
ance meetings sponsored by the
Men's Vocom. "Whether you are in
terested in business, some other
field, or undecided, you should not
miss this program." urged Don
Wecden, Men's Vocom chairman.
A retired financial magnate and
an NBC executive will be the fea
tured speakers on the final Men's
Vocom program Wednesday night in
Encina lounge. Finance, radio, jour
nalism, and advertising will be cov
ered.
Dudley Swim, Stanford '26, will
give information to those students
interested in the financial world.
Swim retired from Wall Street at
the age of 36 and now lives in
Monterey.
Paul Speeglc, Stanford '30. will
discuss radio, journalism, and ad
vertising. Speegle is program man
ager for radio station KNBC in San
Francisco.
This program will conclude the
current series of vocational guid
ance meetings sponsored by the
Men's Vocom. "Whether you are in
terested in business, some other
field, or undecided, you should not
miss this program." urged Don
Wecden, Men's Vocom chairman.
A retired financial magnate and
an NBC executive will be the fea
tured speakers on the final Men's
Vocom program Wednesday night in
Encina lounge. Finance, radio, jour
nalism, and advertising will be cov
ered.
Dudley Swim, Stanford '26, will
give information to those students
interested in the financial world.
Swim retired from Wall Street at
the age of 36 and now lives in
Monterey.
Paul Speeglc, Stanford '30. will
discuss radio, journalism, and ad
vertising. Speegle is program man
ager for radio station KNBC in San
Francisco.
This program will conclude the
current series of vocational guid
ance meetings sponsored by the
Men's Vocom. "Whether you are in
terested in business, some other
field, or undecided, you should not
miss this program." urged Don
Wecden, Men's Vocom chairman.
A retired financial magnate and
an NBC executive will be the fea
tured speakers on the final Men's
Vocom program Wednesday night in
Encina lounge. Finance, radio, jour
nalism, and advertising will be cov
ered.
Dudley Swim, Stanford '26, will
give information to those students
interested in the financial world.
Swim retired from Wall Street at
the age of 36 and now lives in
Monterey.
Paul Speeglc, Stanford '30. will
discuss radio, journalism, and ad
vertising. Speegle is program man
ager for radio station KNBC in San
Francisco.
This program will conclude the
current series of vocational guid
ance meetings sponsored by the
Men's Vocom. "Whether you are in
terested in business, some other
field, or undecided, you should not
miss this program." urged Don
Wecden, Men's Vocom chairman.
A retired financial magnate and
an NBC executive will be the fea
tured speakers on the final Men's
Vocom program Wednesday night in
Encina lounge. Finance, radio, jour
nalism, and advertising will be cov
ered.
Dudley Swim, Stanford '26, will
give information to those students
interested in the financial world.
Swim retired from Wall Street at
the age of 36 and now lives in
Monterey.
Paul Speeglc, Stanford '30. will
discuss radio, journalism, and ad
vertising. Speegle is program man
ager for radio station KNBC in San
Francisco.
This program will conclude the
current series of vocational guid
ance meetings sponsored by the
Men's Vocom. "Whether you are in
terested in business, some other
field, or undecided, you should not
miss this program." urged Don
Wecden, Men's Vocom chairman.
A retired financial magnate and
an NBC executive will be the fea
tured speakers on the final Men's
Vocom program Wednesday night in
Encina lounge. Finance, radio, jour
nalism, and advertising will be cov
ered.
Dudley Swim, Stanford '26, will
give information to those students
interested in the financial world.
Swim retired from Wall Street at
the age of 36 and now lives in
Monterey.
Paul Speeglc, Stanford '30. will
discuss radio, journalism, and ad
vertising. Speegle is program man
ager for radio station KNBC in San
Francisco.
This program will conclude the
current series of vocational guid
ance meetings sponsored by the
Men's Vocom. "Whether you are in
terested in business, some other
field, or undecided, you should not
miss this program." urged Don
Wecden, Men's Vocom chairman.
A retired financial magnate and
an NBC executive will be the fea
tured speakers on the final Men's
Vocom program Wednesday night in
Encina lounge. Finance, radio, jour
nalism, and advertising will be cov
ered.
Dudley Swim, Stanford '26, will
give information to those students
interested in the financial world.
Swim retired from Wall Street at
the age of 36 and now lives in
Monterey.
Paul Speeglc, Stanford '30. will
discuss radio, journalism, and ad
vertising. Speegle is program man
ager for radio station KNBC in San
Francisco.
This program will conclude the
current series of vocational guid
ance meetings sponsored by the
Men's Vocom. "Whether you are in
terested in business, some other
field, or undecided, you should not
miss this program." urged Don
Wecden, Men's Vocom chairman.
