# Untitled Article
## 
### 

SPECTATORS SUPPLIED the motive power to move a box car loaded with new trucks as fire de
stroyed a rock crusher (background) and four warehouses at San Rafael. Tons of paper stock,
composition table tops, and 27 new automob.,es were destroyed with an estimated loss of
$150,000. —AP Wirephoto

SPECTATORS SUPPLIED the motive power to move a box car loaded with new trucks as fire de
stroyed a rock crusher (background) and four warehouses at San Rafael. Tons of paper stock,
composition table tops, and 27 new automob.,es were destroyed with an estimated loss of
$150,000. —AP Wirephoto

SPECTATORS SUPPLIED the motive power to move a box car loaded with new trucks as fire de
stroyed a rock crusher (background) and four warehouses at San Rafael. Tons of paper stock,
composition table tops, and 27 new automob.,es were destroyed with an estimated loss of
$150,000. —AP Wirephoto

SPECTATORS SUPPLIED the motive power to move a box car loaded with new trucks as fire de
stroyed a rock crusher (background) and four warehouses at San Rafael. Tons of paper stock,
composition table tops, and 27 new automob.,es were destroyed with an estimated loss of
$150,000. —AP Wirephoto

SPECTATORS SUPPLIED the motive power to move a box car loaded with new trucks as fire de
stroyed a rock crusher (background) and four warehouses at San Rafael. Tons of paper stock,
composition table tops, and 27 new automob.,es were destroyed with an estimated loss of
$150,000. —AP Wirephoto

SPECTATORS SUPPLIED the motive power to move a box car loaded with new trucks as fire de
stroyed a rock crusher (background) and four warehouses at San Rafael. Tons of paper stock,
composition table tops, and 27 new automob.,es were destroyed with an estimated loss of
$150,000. —AP Wirephoto

SPECTATORS SUPPLIED the motive power to move a box car loaded with new trucks as fire de
stroyed a rock crusher (background) and four warehouses at San Rafael. Tons of paper stock,
composition table tops, and 27 new automob.,es were destroyed with an estimated loss of
$150,000. —AP Wirephoto

SPECTATORS SUPPLIED the motive power to move a box car loaded with new trucks as fire de
stroyed a rock crusher (background) and four warehouses at San Rafael. Tons of paper stock,
composition table tops, and 27 new automob.,es were destroyed with an estimated loss of
$150,000. —AP Wirephoto

SPECTATORS SUPPLIED the motive power to move a box car loaded with new trucks as fire de
stroyed a rock crusher (background) and four warehouses at San Rafael. Tons of paper stock,
composition table tops, and 27 new automob.,es were destroyed with an estimated loss of
$150,000. —AP Wirephoto

SPECTATORS SUPPLIED the motive power to move a box car loaded with new trucks as fire de
stroyed a rock crusher (background) and four warehouses at San Rafael. Tons of paper stock,
composition table tops, and 27 new automob.,es were destroyed with an estimated loss of
$150,000. —AP Wirephoto

SPECTATORS SUPPLIED the motive power to move a box car loaded with new trucks as fire de
stroyed a rock crusher (background) and four warehouses at San Rafael. Tons of paper stock,
composition table tops, and 27 new automob.,es were destroyed with an estimated loss of
$150,000. —AP Wirephoto

SPECTATORS SUPPLIED the motive power to move a box car loaded with new trucks as fire de
stroyed a rock crusher (background) and four warehouses at San Rafael. Tons of paper stock,
composition table tops, and 27 new automob.,es were destroyed with an estimated loss of
$150,000. —AP Wirephoto

SPECTATORS SUPPLIED the motive power to move a box car loaded with new trucks as fire de
stroyed a rock crusher (background) and four warehouses at San Rafael. Tons of paper stock,
composition table tops, and 27 new automob.,es were destroyed with an estimated loss of
$150,000. —AP Wirephoto

SPECTATORS SUPPLIED the motive power to move a box car loaded with new trucks as fire de
stroyed a rock crusher (background) and four warehouses at San Rafael. Tons of paper stock,
composition table tops, and 27 new automob.,es were destroyed with an estimated loss of
$150,000. —AP Wirephoto
