# Adv. 6 Page 3
## 
### 
I»wi bank
HiiMHdilltt pr«d0«li«H«
!»•
wv •• «
WIVH
a tttttMHdif bo
0«»I0« H hHWIMMHI*
A m»«8 Uhil
WHQ 10 14. IH - H««* f»Mft
bnrbHHk l#iHo«
0l«ra ball
ttUuiittHittu tre«
ushersl^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
PREP COURSES
for
■ LSAT - *80
• GRE - $ 80.
• GMAT - *80.
• DAT - '95.
• MCAT - *95.
421-7717
CLASSES TAUGHT IN
• SAN FRANCISCO
• PALO ALTO
I»wi bank
HiiMHdilltt pr«d0«li«H«
!»•
wv •• «
WIVH
a tttttMHdif bo
0«»I0« H hHWIMMHI*
A m»«8 Uhil
WHQ 10 14. IH - H««* f»Mft
bnrbHHk l#iHo«
0l«ra ball
ttUuiittHittu tre«
ushersl^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
PREP COURSES
for
■ LSAT - *80
• GRE - $ 80.
• GMAT - *80.
• DAT - '95.
• MCAT - *95.
421-7717
CLASSES TAUGHT IN
• SAN FRANCISCO
• PALO ALTO
I»wi bank
HiiMHdilltt pr«d0«li«H«
!»•
wv •• «
WIVH
a tttttMHdif bo
0«»I0« H hHWIMMHI*
A m»«8 Uhil
WHQ 10 14. IH - H««* f»Mft
bnrbHHk l#iHo«
0l«ra ball
ttUuiittHittu tre«
ushersl^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
PREP COURSES
for
■ LSAT - *80
• GRE - $ 80.
• GMAT - *80.
• DAT - '95.
• MCAT - *95.
421-7717
CLASSES TAUGHT IN
• SAN FRANCISCO
• PALO ALTO
I»wi bank
HiiMHdilltt pr«d0«li«H«
!»•
wv •• «
WIVH
a tttttMHdif bo
0«»I0« H hHWIMMHI*
A m»«8 Uhil
WHQ 10 14. IH - H««* f»Mft
bnrbHHk l#iHo«
0l«ra ball
ttUuiittHittu tre«
ushersl^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
PREP COURSES
for
■ LSAT - *80
• GRE - $ 80.
• GMAT - *80.
• DAT - '95.
• MCAT - *95.
421-7717
CLASSES TAUGHT IN
• SAN FRANCISCO
• PALO ALTO
I»wi bank
HiiMHdilltt pr«d0«li«H«
!»•
wv •• «
WIVH
a tttttMHdif bo
0«»I0« H hHWIMMHI*
A m»«8 Uhil
WHQ 10 14. IH - H««* f»Mft
bnrbHHk l#iHo«
0l«ra ball
ttUuiittHittu tre«
ushersl^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
PREP COURSES
for
■ LSAT - *80
• GRE - $ 80.
• GMAT - *80.
• DAT - '95.
• MCAT - *95.
421-7717
CLASSES TAUGHT IN
• SAN FRANCISCO
• PALO ALTO
I»wi bank
HiiMHdilltt pr«d0«li«H«
!»•
wv •• «
WIVH
a tttttMHdif bo
0«»I0« H hHWIMMHI*
A m»«8 Uhil
WHQ 10 14. IH - H««* f»Mft
bnrbHHk l#iHo«
0l«ra ball
ttUuiittHittu tre«
ushersl^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
PREP COURSES
for
■ LSAT - *80
• GRE - $ 80.
• GMAT - *80.
• DAT - '95.
• MCAT - *95.
421-7717
CLASSES TAUGHT IN
• SAN FRANCISCO
• PALO ALTO
I»wi bank
HiiMHdilltt pr«d0«li«H«
!»•
wv •• «
WIVH
a tttttMHdif bo
0«»I0« H hHWIMMHI*
A m»«8 Uhil
WHQ 10 14. IH - H««* f»Mft
bnrbHHk l#iHo«
0l«ra ball
ttUuiittHittu tre«
ushersl^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
PREP COURSES
for
■ LSAT - *80
• GRE - $ 80.
• GMAT - *80.
• DAT - '95.
• MCAT - *95.
421-7717
CLASSES TAUGHT IN
• SAN FRANCISCO
• PALO ALTO
I»wi bank
HiiMHdilltt pr«d0«li«H«
!»•
wv •• «
WIVH
a tttttMHdif bo
0«»I0« H hHWIMMHI*
A m»«8 Uhil
WHQ 10 14. IH - H««* f»Mft
bnrbHHk l#iHo«
0l«ra ball
ttUuiittHittu tre«
ushersl^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
PREP COURSES
for
■ LSAT - *80
• GRE - $ 80.
• GMAT - *80.
• DAT - '95.
• MCAT - *95.
421-7717
CLASSES TAUGHT IN
• SAN FRANCISCO
• PALO ALTO
I»wi bank
HiiMHdilltt pr«d0«li«H«
!»•
wv •• «
WIVH
a tttttMHdif bo
0«»I0« H hHWIMMHI*
A m»«8 Uhil
WHQ 10 14. IH - H««* f»Mft
bnrbHHk l#iHo«
0l«ra ball
ttUuiittHittu tre«
ushersl^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
PREP COURSES
for
■ LSAT - *80
• GRE - $ 80.
• GMAT - *80.
• DAT - '95.
• MCAT - *95.
421-7717
CLASSES TAUGHT IN
• SAN FRANCISCO
• PALO ALTO
I»wi bank
HiiMHdilltt pr«d0«li«H«
!»•
wv •• «
WIVH
a tttttMHdif bo
0«»I0« H hHWIMMHI*
A m»«8 Uhil
WHQ 10 14. IH - H««* f»Mft
bnrbHHk l#iHo«
0l«ra ball
ttUuiittHittu tre«
ushersl^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
PREP COURSES
for
■ LSAT - *80
• GRE - $ 80.
• GMAT - *80.
• DAT - '95.
• MCAT - *95.
421-7717
CLASSES TAUGHT IN
• SAN FRANCISCO
• PALO ALTO
I»wi bank
HiiMHdilltt pr«d0«li«H«
!»•
wv •• «
WIVH
a tttttMHdif bo
0«»I0« H hHWIMMHI*
A m»«8 Uhil
WHQ 10 14. IH - H««* f»Mft
bnrbHHk l#iHo«
0l«ra ball
ttUuiittHittu tre«
ushersl^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
PREP COURSES
for
■ LSAT - *80
• GRE - $ 80.
• GMAT - *80.
• DAT - '95.
• MCAT - *95.
421-7717
CLASSES TAUGHT IN
• SAN FRANCISCO
• PALO ALTO
I»wi bank
HiiMHdilltt pr«d0«li«H«
!»•
wv •• «
WIVH
a tttttMHdif bo
0«»I0« H hHWIMMHI*
A m»«8 Uhil
WHQ 10 14. IH - H««* f»Mft
bnrbHHk l#iHo«
0l«ra ball
ttUuiittHittu tre«
ushersl^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
PREP COURSES
for
■ LSAT - *80
• GRE - $ 80.
• GMAT - *80.
• DAT - '95.
• MCAT - *95.
421-7717
CLASSES TAUGHT IN
• SAN FRANCISCO
• PALO ALTO
I»wi bank
HiiMHdilltt pr«d0«li«H«
!»•
wv •• «
WIVH
a tttttMHdif bo
0«»I0« H hHWIMMHI*
A m»«8 Uhil
WHQ 10 14. IH - H««* f»Mft
bnrbHHk l#iHo«
0l«ra ball
ttUuiittHittu tre«
ushersl^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
PREP COURSES
for
■ LSAT - *80
• GRE - $ 80.
• GMAT - *80.
• DAT - '95.
• MCAT - *95.
421-7717
CLASSES TAUGHT IN
• SAN FRANCISCO
• PALO ALTO
I»wi bank
HiiMHdilltt pr«d0«li«H«
!»•
wv •• «
WIVH
a tttttMHdif bo
0«»I0« H hHWIMMHI*
A m»«8 Uhil
WHQ 10 14. IH - H««* f»Mft
bnrbHHk l#iHo«
0l«ra ball
ttUuiittHittu tre«
ushersl^B
NEEDED
FOR
COMMENCEMENT
WEEKEND
SAT. 8. SUN. WAGE: $10.
JUNE 12 & 13 PER DAY
Information and applica
tions available this week
in the Office of Public
Events, Room 3, Applica
tions are due by May 14
PREP COURSES
for
■ LSAT - *80
• GRE - $ 80.
• GMAT - *80.
• DAT - '95.
• MCAT - *95.
421-7717
CLASSES TAUGHT IN
• SAN FRANCISCO
• PALO ALTO
