# Letters: Merger
## 
### 
Fire department
The following information is
offered to clarify the May 10
Daily report, "Fire department
merger forseen."
The consolidation being dis-

cussed is based on the elimina
tion of 27 authorized positions
in both the Palo Alto and Stan
ford departments. All 27 of these
authorized positions are not cur
rently filled, and necessary re
duction are hoped to be attained

through normal attrition within
seven years.
TheUniversity will not "gain"
equipment at the Serra Street sta
tion. It will have more equip
ment and men available in a
planned response from other sta
tions.
The Emergency Communica
tion Center at Stanford will not
be moved to Palo Alto; however
responsibility for fire dispatch
ing will be taken care of by Palo
Alto. There are separate discus
sions underway between Stan
ford and Palo Alto regarding all
emergency communications.
Jason Mavis
Director
Plant Services
Freedom fighters
Circa 1959 a number of Stan
fordites were recruited to join
the "Tibetan freedom fighter."
United with similar groups from
Berkeley, San Jose and San
Francisco, our "brigade" was to
fly to Taiwan for training and
then penetrate the Himalayas via
an underground pipeline in In
dia.
I would appreciate being con
tacted by any persons who were
associated with this activity.
Even the most minor recollec
tions may prove of assistance.
Mike Datisman
Lahaina, Hawaii
