# Romulo to Talk In S.F. Sunday
## 
### 
Carlos Romulo, Philippine am
bassador to the United States, will
speak Sunday in San Francisco at
the Curran Theater. He will ad
dress the plenary session of the
West Coast Conference of the Ex
periment in International Living.
Carlos Romulo, Philippine am
bassador to the United States, will
speak Sunday in San Francisco at
the Curran Theater. He will ad
dress the plenary session of the
West Coast Conference of the Ex
periment in International Living.
Carlos Romulo, Philippine am
bassador to the United States, will
speak Sunday in San Francisco at
the Curran Theater. He will ad
dress the plenary session of the
West Coast Conference of the Ex
periment in International Living.
Carlos Romulo, Philippine am
bassador to the United States, will
speak Sunday in San Francisco at
the Curran Theater. He will ad
dress the plenary session of the
West Coast Conference of the Ex
periment in International Living.
Carlos Romulo, Philippine am
bassador to the United States, will
speak Sunday in San Francisco at
the Curran Theater. He will ad
dress the plenary session of the
West Coast Conference of the Ex
periment in International Living.
Carlos Romulo, Philippine am
bassador to the United States, will
speak Sunday in San Francisco at
the Curran Theater. He will ad
dress the plenary session of the
West Coast Conference of the Ex
periment in International Living.
Carlos Romulo, Philippine am
bassador to the United States, will
speak Sunday in San Francisco at
the Curran Theater. He will ad
dress the plenary session of the
West Coast Conference of the Ex
periment in International Living.
Carlos Romulo, Philippine am
bassador to the United States, will
speak Sunday in San Francisco at
the Curran Theater. He will ad
dress the plenary session of the
West Coast Conference of the Ex
periment in International Living.
Carlos Romulo, Philippine am
bassador to the United States, will
speak Sunday in San Francisco at
the Curran Theater. He will ad
dress the plenary session of the
West Coast Conference of the Ex
periment in International Living.
Carlos Romulo, Philippine am
bassador to the United States, will
speak Sunday in San Francisco at
the Curran Theater. He will ad
dress the plenary session of the
West Coast Conference of the Ex
periment in International Living.
Carlos Romulo, Philippine am
bassador to the United States, will
speak Sunday in San Francisco at
the Curran Theater. He will ad
dress the plenary session of the
West Coast Conference of the Ex
periment in International Living.
Carlos Romulo, Philippine am
bassador to the United States, will
speak Sunday in San Francisco at
the Curran Theater. He will ad
dress the plenary session of the
West Coast Conference of the Ex
periment in International Living.
Carlos Romulo, Philippine am
bassador to the United States, will
speak Sunday in San Francisco at
the Curran Theater. He will ad
dress the plenary session of the
West Coast Conference of the Ex
periment in International Living.
Carlos Romulo, Philippine am
bassador to the United States, will
speak Sunday in San Francisco at
the Curran Theater. He will ad
dress the plenary session of the
West Coast Conference of the Ex
periment in International Living.
Carlos Romulo, Philippine am
bassador to the United States, will
speak Sunday in San Francisco at
the Curran Theater. He will ad
dress the plenary session of the
West Coast Conference of the Ex
periment in International Living.
Carlos Romulo, Philippine am
bassador to the United States, will
speak Sunday in San Francisco at
the Curran Theater. He will ad
dress the plenary session of the
West Coast Conference of the Ex
periment in International Living.
Carlos Romulo, Philippine am
bassador to the United States, will
speak Sunday in San Francisco at
the Curran Theater. He will ad
dress the plenary session of the
West Coast Conference of the Ex
periment in International Living.
