# Students Discuss State Department
## 
### 
Four Stanford students will dis
cuss "The United States State De
partment at Work" over station
KEEN Sunday at 12:30 p.m.
The half-hour program over the
San Jose station is another in the
"Stanford Speaks" series produced
by the Stanford Radio Institute.
Participating in the discussion
will be Brownlee Corrin, Robert
von Pagenhardt. and William Mar
vin. All are students of interna
tional relations. David Leavitt,
Radio Institute student, will com
plete the panel.
Ken Marley will be moderator.
George LeMaitre is producer. Both
are students at the institute.
John Zuckerman. member of the
speech and drama department, is
director of the series.
