# Fisher to Talk On Russ Aims
## 
### 
Dr. Harold H. Fisher, director of
the Hoover Institute and one of the
nation's foremost authorities on
Russia, will be the principal speak
er at the second of the Stanford
"Couth Looks to the Future" series
tomorrow.
The discussion will be centered
around the aims of the Soviet Un
ion and will be aired over Station
KQW at 1:30 p.m.
Also participating in the discus
sion will be Brownlee Corrin. grad
uate student in political science;
Barbara Hoskins, graduate student
in economics; and Robert North,
graduate student in international
relations.
Charles Allen, research assistant
at the Hoover Institute, will act as
moderator. The half-hour show is
presented by the Stanford Radio
Institute and will be produced by
Don Bevilacqua.
