# Sunday Sermon Topic Announced
## 
### 
Chaplain R. M. Minto has an
nounced that the topic for his ser
mon this Sunday at the service in
the Memorial Church will be '"The
Resources of Devotional Reading."
Music lor the service will include
''Chorale in A Minor" by Franck
and "Grand Chorus" by Dubois.
The choir will sing "Lo, A Voice
to Heaven Sounding" and "Crea
tion's Hymn" by Beethoven.
Chaplain R. M. Minto has an
nounced that the topic for his ser
mon this Sunday at the service in
the Memorial Church will be '"The
Resources of Devotional Reading."
Music lor the service will include
''Chorale in A Minor" by Franck
and "Grand Chorus" by Dubois.
The choir will sing "Lo, A Voice
to Heaven Sounding" and "Crea
tion's Hymn" by Beethoven.
Chaplain R. M. Minto has an
nounced that the topic for his ser
mon this Sunday at the service in
the Memorial Church will be '"The
Resources of Devotional Reading."
Music lor the service will include
''Chorale in A Minor" by Franck
and "Grand Chorus" by Dubois.
The choir will sing "Lo, A Voice
to Heaven Sounding" and "Crea
tion's Hymn" by Beethoven.
Chaplain R. M. Minto has an
nounced that the topic for his ser
mon this Sunday at the service in
the Memorial Church will be '"The
Resources of Devotional Reading."
Music lor the service will include
''Chorale in A Minor" by Franck
and "Grand Chorus" by Dubois.
The choir will sing "Lo, A Voice
to Heaven Sounding" and "Crea
tion's Hymn" by Beethoven.
Chaplain R. M. Minto has an
nounced that the topic for his ser
mon this Sunday at the service in
the Memorial Church will be '"The
Resources of Devotional Reading."
Music lor the service will include
''Chorale in A Minor" by Franck
and "Grand Chorus" by Dubois.
The choir will sing "Lo, A Voice
to Heaven Sounding" and "Crea
tion's Hymn" by Beethoven.
Chaplain R. M. Minto has an
nounced that the topic for his ser
mon this Sunday at the service in
the Memorial Church will be '"The
Resources of Devotional Reading."
Music lor the service will include
''Chorale in A Minor" by Franck
and "Grand Chorus" by Dubois.
The choir will sing "Lo, A Voice
to Heaven Sounding" and "Crea
tion's Hymn" by Beethoven.
Chaplain R. M. Minto has an
nounced that the topic for his ser
mon this Sunday at the service in
the Memorial Church will be '"The
Resources of Devotional Reading."
Music lor the service will include
''Chorale in A Minor" by Franck
and "Grand Chorus" by Dubois.
The choir will sing "Lo, A Voice
to Heaven Sounding" and "Crea
tion's Hymn" by Beethoven.
Chaplain R. M. Minto has an
nounced that the topic for his ser
mon this Sunday at the service in
the Memorial Church will be '"The
Resources of Devotional Reading."
Music lor the service will include
''Chorale in A Minor" by Franck
and "Grand Chorus" by Dubois.
The choir will sing "Lo, A Voice
to Heaven Sounding" and "Crea
tion's Hymn" by Beethoven.
Chaplain R. M. Minto has an
nounced that the topic for his ser
mon this Sunday at the service in
the Memorial Church will be '"The
Resources of Devotional Reading."
Music lor the service will include
''Chorale in A Minor" by Franck
and "Grand Chorus" by Dubois.
The choir will sing "Lo, A Voice
to Heaven Sounding" and "Crea
tion's Hymn" by Beethoven.
Chaplain R. M. Minto has an
nounced that the topic for his ser
mon this Sunday at the service in
the Memorial Church will be '"The
Resources of Devotional Reading."
Music lor the service will include
''Chorale in A Minor" by Franck
and "Grand Chorus" by Dubois.
The choir will sing "Lo, A Voice
to Heaven Sounding" and "Crea
tion's Hymn" by Beethoven.
Chaplain R. M. Minto has an
nounced that the topic for his ser
mon this Sunday at the service in
the Memorial Church will be '"The
Resources of Devotional Reading."
Music lor the service will include
''Chorale in A Minor" by Franck
and "Grand Chorus" by Dubois.
The choir will sing "Lo, A Voice
to Heaven Sounding" and "Crea
tion's Hymn" by Beethoven.
Chaplain R. M. Minto has an
nounced that the topic for his ser
mon this Sunday at the service in
the Memorial Church will be '"The
Resources of Devotional Reading."
Music lor the service will include
''Chorale in A Minor" by Franck
and "Grand Chorus" by Dubois.
The choir will sing "Lo, A Voice
to Heaven Sounding" and "Crea
tion's Hymn" by Beethoven.
Chaplain R. M. Minto has an
nounced that the topic for his ser
mon this Sunday at the service in
the Memorial Church will be '"The
Resources of Devotional Reading."
Music lor the service will include
''Chorale in A Minor" by Franck
and "Grand Chorus" by Dubois.
The choir will sing "Lo, A Voice
to Heaven Sounding" and "Crea
tion's Hymn" by Beethoven.
Chaplain R. M. Minto has an
nounced that the topic for his ser
mon this Sunday at the service in
the Memorial Church will be '"The
Resources of Devotional Reading."
Music lor the service will include
''Chorale in A Minor" by Franck
and "Grand Chorus" by Dubois.
The choir will sing "Lo, A Voice
to Heaven Sounding" and "Crea
tion's Hymn" by Beethoven.
Chaplain R. M. Minto has an
nounced that the topic for his ser
mon this Sunday at the service in
the Memorial Church will be '"The
Resources of Devotional Reading."
Music lor the service will include
''Chorale in A Minor" by Franck
and "Grand Chorus" by Dubois.
The choir will sing "Lo, A Voice
to Heaven Sounding" and "Crea
tion's Hymn" by Beethoven.
