# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Because of the University Thanks
giving holiday recess, the Board of
Trustess lias postponed its meet
ing scheduled for next Friday until
Friday, December 7.
Because of the University Thanks
giving holiday recess, the Board of
Trustess lias postponed its meet
ing scheduled for next Friday until
Friday, December 7.
Because of the University Thanks
giving holiday recess, the Board of
Trustess lias postponed its meet
ing scheduled for next Friday until
Friday, December 7.
Because of the University Thanks
giving holiday recess, the Board of
Trustess lias postponed its meet
ing scheduled for next Friday until
Friday, December 7.
Because of the University Thanks
giving holiday recess, the Board of
Trustess lias postponed its meet
ing scheduled for next Friday until
Friday, December 7.
Because of the University Thanks
giving holiday recess, the Board of
Trustess lias postponed its meet
ing scheduled for next Friday until
Friday, December 7.
Because of the University Thanks
giving holiday recess, the Board of
Trustess lias postponed its meet
ing scheduled for next Friday until
Friday, December 7.
Because of the University Thanks
giving holiday recess, the Board of
Trustess lias postponed its meet
ing scheduled for next Friday until
Friday, December 7.
Because of the University Thanks
giving holiday recess, the Board of
Trustess lias postponed its meet
ing scheduled for next Friday until
Friday, December 7.
Because of the University Thanks
giving holiday recess, the Board of
Trustess lias postponed its meet
ing scheduled for next Friday until
Friday, December 7.
Because of the University Thanks
giving holiday recess, the Board of
Trustess lias postponed its meet
ing scheduled for next Friday until
Friday, December 7.
Because of the University Thanks
giving holiday recess, the Board of
Trustess lias postponed its meet
ing scheduled for next Friday until
Friday, December 7.
Because of the University Thanks
giving holiday recess, the Board of
Trustess lias postponed its meet
ing scheduled for next Friday until
Friday, December 7.
Because of the University Thanks
giving holiday recess, the Board of
Trustess lias postponed its meet
ing scheduled for next Friday until
Friday, December 7.
Because of the University Thanks
giving holiday recess, the Board of
Trustess lias postponed its meet
ing scheduled for next Friday until
Friday, December 7.
