# WEATHER
## 
### 
Clearing early this morning,
fair today and tonight with lit
tle temperature change. Partly
cloudy on Tuesday.
Clearing early this morning,
fair today and tonight with lit
tle temperature change. Partly
cloudy on Tuesday.
Clearing early this morning,
fair today and tonight with lit
tle temperature change. Partly
cloudy on Tuesday.
Clearing early this morning,
fair today and tonight with lit
tle temperature change. Partly
cloudy on Tuesday.
Clearing early this morning,
fair today and tonight with lit
tle temperature change. Partly
cloudy on Tuesday.
Clearing early this morning,
fair today and tonight with lit
tle temperature change. Partly
cloudy on Tuesday.
Clearing early this morning,
fair today and tonight with lit
tle temperature change. Partly
cloudy on Tuesday.
Clearing early this morning,
fair today and tonight with lit
tle temperature change. Partly
cloudy on Tuesday.
Clearing early this morning,
fair today and tonight with lit
tle temperature change. Partly
cloudy on Tuesday.
Clearing early this morning,
fair today and tonight with lit
tle temperature change. Partly
cloudy on Tuesday.
Clearing early this morning,
fair today and tonight with lit
tle temperature change. Partly
cloudy on Tuesday.
Clearing early this morning,
fair today and tonight with lit
tle temperature change. Partly
cloudy on Tuesday.
Clearing early this morning,
fair today and tonight with lit
tle temperature change. Partly
cloudy on Tuesday.
Clearing early this morning,
fair today and tonight with lit
tle temperature change. Partly
cloudy on Tuesday.
Clearing early this morning,
fair today and tonight with lit
tle temperature change. Partly
cloudy on Tuesday.
