# Profs To Discuss Aftermath Of Sit-In
## 
### 
Stanford professors will meet
this afternoon to discuss devel
opments at the University in the
aftermath of the Old Union sit
in.
Their forum is a special meet
ing of the Stanford chapter of
the Asswiation of American Uni
versity Professors (AAUP) sche
duled for 4:15 Ibis afternoon in
the Forum Room of the Meyer
Library.
The meeting, railed one week
after the annual AAUP banquet,
was schedule! at the request
of several professors wishing
to discuss how members of the

AAUP can respond to the sit-in
and the repumissions It has
created.
Profs. Good, Goheen, and
Khinelander will deliver addres
ses at this afternoon's meeting.
At last \ Monday's annual
AAUP banquet, Vice Provost
Herbert Packer delineated his
view of the causes and results
of the sit-in, and the Academic
Council meeting on May Bth. The
speech has since stirred contro
versy and debate.
William Clebsch, local AAUP
president said yesterday that
Packer's speech would not bp
discussed this afternoon.
