# Entertained at Washington.
## 
### 
The debaters who represented
Stanford in the recent debate
against the University of Washing
ton returned yesterday and report
a most pleasant trip. The Car
dinal supporters have only the
highest praises for their opponents
and are quite willing to concede
them a clean, well-earned victory.
The Stanford men are no less en
thusiastic over the Washington
student body as a whole for
courteous and enthusiastic treat
ment.
The principal event of their stay
was a reception in honor of the
team, held at the home of the pres
ident of the university. While at
Washington the debaters met I. J.
Bounds, ex-'O6, and K. A. Richard
son, ex-'O4, both of whom are at
tending the northern university.
On the return trip the team spent
several hours in Portland.
The debaters who represented
Stanford in the recent debate
against the University of Washing
ton returned yesterday and report
a most pleasant trip. The Car
dinal supporters have only the
highest praises for their opponents
and are quite willing to concede
them a clean, well-earned victory.
The Stanford men are no less en
thusiastic over the Washington
student body as a whole for
courteous and enthusiastic treat
ment.
The principal event of their stay
was a reception in honor of the
team, held at the home of the pres
ident of the university. While at
Washington the debaters met I. J.
Bounds, ex-'O6, and K. A. Richard
son, ex-'O4, both of whom are at
tending the northern university.
On the return trip the team spent
several hours in Portland.
The debaters who represented
Stanford in the recent debate
against the University of Washing
ton returned yesterday and report
a most pleasant trip. The Car
dinal supporters have only the
highest praises for their opponents
and are quite willing to concede
them a clean, well-earned victory.
The Stanford men are no less en
thusiastic over the Washington
student body as a whole for
courteous and enthusiastic treat
ment.
The principal event of their stay
was a reception in honor of the
team, held at the home of the pres
ident of the university. While at
Washington the debaters met I. J.
Bounds, ex-'O6, and K. A. Richard
son, ex-'O4, both of whom are at
tending the northern university.
On the return trip the team spent
several hours in Portland.
The debaters who represented
Stanford in the recent debate
against the University of Washing
ton returned yesterday and report
a most pleasant trip. The Car
dinal supporters have only the
highest praises for their opponents
and are quite willing to concede
them a clean, well-earned victory.
The Stanford men are no less en
thusiastic over the Washington
student body as a whole for
courteous and enthusiastic treat
ment.
The principal event of their stay
was a reception in honor of the
team, held at the home of the pres
ident of the university. While at
Washington the debaters met I. J.
Bounds, ex-'O6, and K. A. Richard
son, ex-'O4, both of whom are at
tending the northern university.
On the return trip the team spent
several hours in Portland.
The debaters who represented
Stanford in the recent debate
against the University of Washing
ton returned yesterday and report
a most pleasant trip. The Car
dinal supporters have only the
highest praises for their opponents
and are quite willing to concede
them a clean, well-earned victory.
The Stanford men are no less en
thusiastic over the Washington
student body as a whole for
courteous and enthusiastic treat
ment.
The principal event of their stay
was a reception in honor of the
team, held at the home of the pres
ident of the university. While at
Washington the debaters met I. J.
Bounds, ex-'O6, and K. A. Richard
son, ex-'O4, both of whom are at
tending the northern university.
On the return trip the team spent
several hours in Portland.
The debaters who represented
Stanford in the recent debate
against the University of Washing
ton returned yesterday and report
a most pleasant trip. The Car
dinal supporters have only the
highest praises for their opponents
and are quite willing to concede
them a clean, well-earned victory.
The Stanford men are no less en
thusiastic over the Washington
student body as a whole for
courteous and enthusiastic treat
ment.
The principal event of their stay
was a reception in honor of the
team, held at the home of the pres
ident of the university. While at
Washington the debaters met I. J.
Bounds, ex-'O6, and K. A. Richard
son, ex-'O4, both of whom are at
tending the northern university.
On the return trip the team spent
several hours in Portland.
The debaters who represented
Stanford in the recent debate
against the University of Washing
ton returned yesterday and report
a most pleasant trip. The Car
dinal supporters have only the
highest praises for their opponents
and are quite willing to concede
them a clean, well-earned victory.
The Stanford men are no less en
thusiastic over the Washington
student body as a whole for
courteous and enthusiastic treat
ment.
The principal event of their stay
was a reception in honor of the
team, held at the home of the pres
ident of the university. While at
Washington the debaters met I. J.
Bounds, ex-'O6, and K. A. Richard
son, ex-'O4, both of whom are at
tending the northern university.
On the return trip the team spent
several hours in Portland.
