# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Rosemary Rood, '54,
to Crittenden E. Brookes of Grad
uate School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Rosemary Rood, '54,
to Crittenden E. Brookes of Grad
uate School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Rosemary Rood, '54,
to Crittenden E. Brookes of Grad
uate School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Rosemary Rood, '54,
to Crittenden E. Brookes of Grad
uate School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Rosemary Rood, '54,
to Crittenden E. Brookes of Grad
uate School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Rosemary Rood, '54,
to Crittenden E. Brookes of Grad
uate School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Rosemary Rood, '54,
to Crittenden E. Brookes of Grad
uate School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Rosemary Rood, '54,
to Crittenden E. Brookes of Grad
uate School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Rosemary Rood, '54,
to Crittenden E. Brookes of Grad
uate School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Rosemary Rood, '54,
to Crittenden E. Brookes of Grad
uate School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Rosemary Rood, '54,
to Crittenden E. Brookes of Grad
uate School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Rosemary Rood, '54,
to Crittenden E. Brookes of Grad
uate School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Rosemary Rood, '54,
to Crittenden E. Brookes of Grad
uate School.
Union Residence announces the
engagement of Rosemary Rood, '54,
to Crittenden E. Brookes of Grad
uate School.
