# CORRECTION
## 
### 
The geology lecture by Professor
Vertress L. Vanderlioof in the Vil
lage Clubhouse will t;iko place on
Thursday, November 3, instead ol
tomorrow as was erroneously stated
in the Bulletin Board in Monday's
Daily.
The geology lecture by Professor
Vertress L. Vanderlioof in the Vil
lage Clubhouse will t;iko place on
Thursday, November 3, instead ol
tomorrow as was erroneously stated
in the Bulletin Board in Monday's
Daily.
The geology lecture by Professor
Vertress L. Vanderlioof in the Vil
lage Clubhouse will t;iko place on
Thursday, November 3, instead ol
tomorrow as was erroneously stated
in the Bulletin Board in Monday's
Daily.
The geology lecture by Professor
Vertress L. Vanderlioof in the Vil
lage Clubhouse will t;iko place on
Thursday, November 3, instead ol
tomorrow as was erroneously stated
in the Bulletin Board in Monday's
Daily.
The geology lecture by Professor
Vertress L. Vanderlioof in the Vil
lage Clubhouse will t;iko place on
Thursday, November 3, instead ol
tomorrow as was erroneously stated
in the Bulletin Board in Monday's
Daily.
The geology lecture by Professor
Vertress L. Vanderlioof in the Vil
lage Clubhouse will t;iko place on
Thursday, November 3, instead ol
tomorrow as was erroneously stated
in the Bulletin Board in Monday's
Daily.
The geology lecture by Professor
Vertress L. Vanderlioof in the Vil
lage Clubhouse will t;iko place on
Thursday, November 3, instead ol
tomorrow as was erroneously stated
in the Bulletin Board in Monday's
Daily.
The geology lecture by Professor
Vertress L. Vanderlioof in the Vil
lage Clubhouse will t;iko place on
Thursday, November 3, instead ol
tomorrow as was erroneously stated
in the Bulletin Board in Monday's
Daily.
The geology lecture by Professor
Vertress L. Vanderlioof in the Vil
lage Clubhouse will t;iko place on
Thursday, November 3, instead ol
tomorrow as was erroneously stated
in the Bulletin Board in Monday's
Daily.
The geology lecture by Professor
Vertress L. Vanderlioof in the Vil
lage Clubhouse will t;iko place on
Thursday, November 3, instead ol
tomorrow as was erroneously stated
in the Bulletin Board in Monday's
Daily.
The geology lecture by Professor
Vertress L. Vanderlioof in the Vil
lage Clubhouse will t;iko place on
Thursday, November 3, instead ol
tomorrow as was erroneously stated
in the Bulletin Board in Monday's
Daily.
The geology lecture by Professor
Vertress L. Vanderlioof in the Vil
lage Clubhouse will t;iko place on
Thursday, November 3, instead ol
tomorrow as was erroneously stated
in the Bulletin Board in Monday's
Daily.
The geology lecture by Professor
Vertress L. Vanderlioof in the Vil
lage Clubhouse will t;iko place on
Thursday, November 3, instead ol
tomorrow as was erroneously stated
in the Bulletin Board in Monday's
Daily.
The geology lecture by Professor
Vertress L. Vanderlioof in the Vil
lage Clubhouse will t;iko place on
Thursday, November 3, instead ol
tomorrow as was erroneously stated
in the Bulletin Board in Monday's
Daily.
The geology lecture by Professor
Vertress L. Vanderlioof in the Vil
lage Clubhouse will t;iko place on
Thursday, November 3, instead ol
tomorrow as was erroneously stated
in the Bulletin Board in Monday's
Daily.
The geology lecture by Professor
Vertress L. Vanderlioof in the Vil
lage Clubhouse will t;iko place on
Thursday, November 3, instead ol
tomorrow as was erroneously stated
in the Bulletin Board in Monday's
Daily.
