# Untitled Article
## 
### 

BRONCO BUSTER? Passing spe
cialist Dick Horn will play an im
portant role in the Santa Clara
tilt Saturday. After Dick's good
showing against OSC, Coach
Schwartz plans to use the long
hall thrower more often.

BRONCO BUSTER? Passing spe
cialist Dick Horn will play an im
portant role in the Santa Clara
tilt Saturday. After Dick's good
showing against OSC, Coach
Schwartz plans to use the long
hall thrower more often.

BRONCO BUSTER? Passing spe
cialist Dick Horn will play an im
portant role in the Santa Clara
tilt Saturday. After Dick's good
showing against OSC, Coach
Schwartz plans to use the long
hall thrower more often.

BRONCO BUSTER? Passing spe
cialist Dick Horn will play an im
portant role in the Santa Clara
tilt Saturday. After Dick's good
showing against OSC, Coach
Schwartz plans to use the long
hall thrower more often.

BRONCO BUSTER? Passing spe
cialist Dick Horn will play an im
portant role in the Santa Clara
tilt Saturday. After Dick's good
showing against OSC, Coach
Schwartz plans to use the long
hall thrower more often.

BRONCO BUSTER? Passing spe
cialist Dick Horn will play an im
portant role in the Santa Clara
tilt Saturday. After Dick's good
showing against OSC, Coach
Schwartz plans to use the long
hall thrower more often.

BRONCO BUSTER? Passing spe
cialist Dick Horn will play an im
portant role in the Santa Clara
tilt Saturday. After Dick's good
showing against OSC, Coach
Schwartz plans to use the long
hall thrower more often.

BRONCO BUSTER? Passing spe
cialist Dick Horn will play an im
portant role in the Santa Clara
tilt Saturday. After Dick's good
showing against OSC, Coach
Schwartz plans to use the long
hall thrower more often.

BRONCO BUSTER? Passing spe
cialist Dick Horn will play an im
portant role in the Santa Clara
tilt Saturday. After Dick's good
showing against OSC, Coach
Schwartz plans to use the long
hall thrower more often.

BRONCO BUSTER? Passing spe
cialist Dick Horn will play an im
portant role in the Santa Clara
tilt Saturday. After Dick's good
showing against OSC, Coach
Schwartz plans to use the long
hall thrower more often.

BRONCO BUSTER? Passing spe
cialist Dick Horn will play an im
portant role in the Santa Clara
tilt Saturday. After Dick's good
showing against OSC, Coach
Schwartz plans to use the long
hall thrower more often.

BRONCO BUSTER? Passing spe
cialist Dick Horn will play an im
portant role in the Santa Clara
tilt Saturday. After Dick's good
showing against OSC, Coach
Schwartz plans to use the long
hall thrower more often.

BRONCO BUSTER? Passing spe
cialist Dick Horn will play an im
portant role in the Santa Clara
tilt Saturday. After Dick's good
showing against OSC, Coach
Schwartz plans to use the long
hall thrower more often.

BRONCO BUSTER? Passing spe
cialist Dick Horn will play an im
portant role in the Santa Clara
tilt Saturday. After Dick's good
showing against OSC, Coach
Schwartz plans to use the long
hall thrower more often.

BRONCO BUSTER? Passing spe
cialist Dick Horn will play an im
portant role in the Santa Clara
tilt Saturday. After Dick's good
showing against OSC, Coach
Schwartz plans to use the long
hall thrower more often.

BRONCO BUSTER? Passing spe
cialist Dick Horn will play an im
portant role in the Santa Clara
tilt Saturday. After Dick's good
showing against OSC, Coach
Schwartz plans to use the long
hall thrower more often.
