# This Morning's Headlines
## Russia Demands Recall 
### 
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 20 </P)
—The Soviet Union said today it has
demanded the recall of the Yugo
slav ambassador to Moscow because
he is guilty of "spying and subver
sive activities" against Russia.
The action fol'owed Russia's de
nunciation last month of her treaty
of friendship with Yugoslavia. It
brought Moscow perilously close to
a full diplomatic break with Mar
shal Tito's government.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 20 </P)
—The Soviet Union said today it has
demanded the recall of the Yugo
slav ambassador to Moscow because
he is guilty of "spying and subver
sive activities" against Russia.
The action fol'owed Russia's de
nunciation last month of her treaty
of friendship with Yugoslavia. It
brought Moscow perilously close to
a full diplomatic break with Mar
shal Tito's government.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 20 </P)
—The Soviet Union said today it has
demanded the recall of the Yugo
slav ambassador to Moscow because
he is guilty of "spying and subver
sive activities" against Russia.
The action fol'owed Russia's de
nunciation last month of her treaty
of friendship with Yugoslavia. It
brought Moscow perilously close to
a full diplomatic break with Mar
shal Tito's government.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 20 </P)
—The Soviet Union said today it has
demanded the recall of the Yugo
slav ambassador to Moscow because
he is guilty of "spying and subver
sive activities" against Russia.
The action fol'owed Russia's de
nunciation last month of her treaty
of friendship with Yugoslavia. It
brought Moscow perilously close to
a full diplomatic break with Mar
shal Tito's government.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 20 </P)
—The Soviet Union said today it has
demanded the recall of the Yugo
slav ambassador to Moscow because
he is guilty of "spying and subver
sive activities" against Russia.
The action fol'owed Russia's de
nunciation last month of her treaty
of friendship with Yugoslavia. It
brought Moscow perilously close to
a full diplomatic break with Mar
shal Tito's government.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 20 </P)
—The Soviet Union said today it has
demanded the recall of the Yugo
slav ambassador to Moscow because
he is guilty of "spying and subver
sive activities" against Russia.
The action fol'owed Russia's de
nunciation last month of her treaty
of friendship with Yugoslavia. It
brought Moscow perilously close to
a full diplomatic break with Mar
shal Tito's government.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 20 </P)
—The Soviet Union said today it has
demanded the recall of the Yugo
slav ambassador to Moscow because
he is guilty of "spying and subver
sive activities" against Russia.
The action fol'owed Russia's de
nunciation last month of her treaty
of friendship with Yugoslavia. It
brought Moscow perilously close to
a full diplomatic break with Mar
shal Tito's government.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 20 </P)
—The Soviet Union said today it has
demanded the recall of the Yugo
slav ambassador to Moscow because
he is guilty of "spying and subver
sive activities" against Russia.
The action fol'owed Russia's de
nunciation last month of her treaty
of friendship with Yugoslavia. It
brought Moscow perilously close to
a full diplomatic break with Mar
shal Tito's government.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 20 </P)
—The Soviet Union said today it has
demanded the recall of the Yugo
slav ambassador to Moscow because
he is guilty of "spying and subver
sive activities" against Russia.
The action fol'owed Russia's de
nunciation last month of her treaty
of friendship with Yugoslavia. It
brought Moscow perilously close to
a full diplomatic break with Mar
shal Tito's government.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 20 </P)
—The Soviet Union said today it has
demanded the recall of the Yugo
slav ambassador to Moscow because
he is guilty of "spying and subver
sive activities" against Russia.
The action fol'owed Russia's de
nunciation last month of her treaty
of friendship with Yugoslavia. It
brought Moscow perilously close to
a full diplomatic break with Mar
shal Tito's government.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 20 </P)
—The Soviet Union said today it has
demanded the recall of the Yugo
slav ambassador to Moscow because
he is guilty of "spying and subver
sive activities" against Russia.
The action fol'owed Russia's de
nunciation last month of her treaty
of friendship with Yugoslavia. It
brought Moscow perilously close to
a full diplomatic break with Mar
shal Tito's government.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 20 </P)
—The Soviet Union said today it has
demanded the recall of the Yugo
slav ambassador to Moscow because
he is guilty of "spying and subver
sive activities" against Russia.
The action fol'owed Russia's de
nunciation last month of her treaty
of friendship with Yugoslavia. It
brought Moscow perilously close to
a full diplomatic break with Mar
shal Tito's government.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 20 </P)
—The Soviet Union said today it has
demanded the recall of the Yugo
slav ambassador to Moscow because
he is guilty of "spying and subver
sive activities" against Russia.
The action fol'owed Russia's de
nunciation last month of her treaty
of friendship with Yugoslavia. It
brought Moscow perilously close to
a full diplomatic break with Mar
shal Tito's government.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 20 </P)
—The Soviet Union said today it has
demanded the recall of the Yugo
slav ambassador to Moscow because
he is guilty of "spying and subver
sive activities" against Russia.
The action fol'owed Russia's de
nunciation last month of her treaty
of friendship with Yugoslavia. It
brought Moscow perilously close to
a full diplomatic break with Mar
shal Tito's government.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 20 </P)
—The Soviet Union said today it has
demanded the recall of the Yugo
slav ambassador to Moscow because
he is guilty of "spying and subver
sive activities" against Russia.
The action fol'owed Russia's de
nunciation last month of her treaty
of friendship with Yugoslavia. It
brought Moscow perilously close to
a full diplomatic break with Mar
shal Tito's government.
LONDON, Wednesday, Oct. 20 </P)
—The Soviet Union said today it has
demanded the recall of the Yugo
slav ambassador to Moscow because
he is guilty of "spying and subver
sive activities" against Russia.
The action fol'owed Russia's de
nunciation last month of her treaty
of friendship with Yugoslavia. It
brought Moscow perilously close to
a full diplomatic break with Mar
shal Tito's government.
