# Movies of OSC Game Will Show Tomorrow
## 
### 
Movies of the Oregon State-Stan
ford game will fce shown tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium.
Running commentary on the film
will be given by Coach Ray Harn
niett.
Movies of the Oregon State-Stan
ford game will fce shown tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium.
Running commentary on the film
will be given by Coach Ray Harn
niett.
Movies of the Oregon State-Stan
ford game will fce shown tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium.
Running commentary on the film
will be given by Coach Ray Harn
niett.
Movies of the Oregon State-Stan
ford game will fce shown tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium.
Running commentary on the film
will be given by Coach Ray Harn
niett.
Movies of the Oregon State-Stan
ford game will fce shown tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium.
Running commentary on the film
will be given by Coach Ray Harn
niett.
Movies of the Oregon State-Stan
ford game will fce shown tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium.
Running commentary on the film
will be given by Coach Ray Harn
niett.
Movies of the Oregon State-Stan
ford game will fce shown tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium.
Running commentary on the film
will be given by Coach Ray Harn
niett.
Movies of the Oregon State-Stan
ford game will fce shown tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium.
Running commentary on the film
will be given by Coach Ray Harn
niett.
Movies of the Oregon State-Stan
ford game will fce shown tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium.
Running commentary on the film
will be given by Coach Ray Harn
niett.
Movies of the Oregon State-Stan
ford game will fce shown tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium.
Running commentary on the film
will be given by Coach Ray Harn
niett.
Movies of the Oregon State-Stan
ford game will fce shown tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium.
Running commentary on the film
will be given by Coach Ray Harn
niett.
Movies of the Oregon State-Stan
ford game will fce shown tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium.
Running commentary on the film
will be given by Coach Ray Harn
niett.
Movies of the Oregon State-Stan
ford game will fce shown tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium.
Running commentary on the film
will be given by Coach Ray Harn
niett.
Movies of the Oregon State-Stan
ford game will fce shown tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium.
Running commentary on the film
will be given by Coach Ray Harn
niett.
Movies of the Oregon State-Stan
ford game will fce shown tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium.
Running commentary on the film
will be given by Coach Ray Harn
niett.
Movies of the Oregon State-Stan
ford game will fce shown tomorrow
night at 7:30 in Cubberley Audito
rium.
Running commentary on the film
will be given by Coach Ray Harn
niett.
