# Chamber of Commerce States Policy on NCC
## 
### 
"The one-price system is the
cornerstone of retail business in
America which has grown ami
I rospcred, until today it is the
largest business in the country. If
special groups are to be granted
preferential discounts in our
stores and service firms, the sys
tem of one price for all groups is
in serious ieopardy, and our
American way of retail merchan
dising is in danger of being under
mined. Retail store managers arc
unable in fairness to grant price
reductions to one group and re
fuse such reductions to other
groups.
"Certain organizations arc ask
ing from Ift to 40 per cent prefer
ential discounts for their mem
bers. Merchants who grant such
discounts to any group of custom
ers will have to make up the dif
ference from other customers in
order to stay in business. This
practice is obviously unworkable
when it is remembered that net
operating profit for department
stores last year was 4.35 per cent.
' The one-price system of selling
goods and services to all alike is
the fair, equitable, and honest way
of doing business. The continuance
of this one - price system in the
Palo Alto area is essential for a
sound economy."
"The one-price system is the
cornerstone of retail business in
America which has grown ami
I rospcred, until today it is the
largest business in the country. If
special groups are to be granted
preferential discounts in our
stores and service firms, the sys
tem of one price for all groups is
in serious ieopardy, and our
American way of retail merchan
dising is in danger of being under
mined. Retail store managers arc
unable in fairness to grant price
reductions to one group and re
fuse such reductions to other
groups.
"Certain organizations arc ask
ing from Ift to 40 per cent prefer
ential discounts for their mem
bers. Merchants who grant such
discounts to any group of custom
ers will have to make up the dif
ference from other customers in
order to stay in business. This
practice is obviously unworkable
when it is remembered that net
operating profit for department
stores last year was 4.35 per cent.
' The one-price system of selling
goods and services to all alike is
the fair, equitable, and honest way
of doing business. The continuance
of this one - price system in the
Palo Alto area is essential for a
sound economy."
"The one-price system is the
cornerstone of retail business in
America which has grown ami
I rospcred, until today it is the
largest business in the country. If
special groups are to be granted
preferential discounts in our
stores and service firms, the sys
tem of one price for all groups is
in serious ieopardy, and our
American way of retail merchan
dising is in danger of being under
mined. Retail store managers arc
unable in fairness to grant price
reductions to one group and re
fuse such reductions to other
groups.
"Certain organizations arc ask
ing from Ift to 40 per cent prefer
ential discounts for their mem
bers. Merchants who grant such
discounts to any group of custom
ers will have to make up the dif
ference from other customers in
order to stay in business. This
practice is obviously unworkable
when it is remembered that net
operating profit for department
stores last year was 4.35 per cent.
' The one-price system of selling
goods and services to all alike is
the fair, equitable, and honest way
of doing business. The continuance
of this one - price system in the
Palo Alto area is essential for a
sound economy."
"The one-price system is the
cornerstone of retail business in
America which has grown ami
I rospcred, until today it is the
largest business in the country. If
special groups are to be granted
preferential discounts in our
stores and service firms, the sys
tem of one price for all groups is
in serious ieopardy, and our
American way of retail merchan
dising is in danger of being under
mined. Retail store managers arc
unable in fairness to grant price
reductions to one group and re
fuse such reductions to other
groups.
"Certain organizations arc ask
ing from Ift to 40 per cent prefer
ential discounts for their mem
bers. Merchants who grant such
discounts to any group of custom
ers will have to make up the dif
ference from other customers in
order to stay in business. This
practice is obviously unworkable
when it is remembered that net
operating profit for department
stores last year was 4.35 per cent.
' The one-price system of selling
goods and services to all alike is
the fair, equitable, and honest way
of doing business. The continuance
of this one - price system in the
Palo Alto area is essential for a
sound economy."
"The one-price system is the
cornerstone of retail business in
America which has grown ami
I rospcred, until today it is the
largest business in the country. If
special groups are to be granted
preferential discounts in our
stores and service firms, the sys
tem of one price for all groups is
in serious ieopardy, and our
American way of retail merchan
dising is in danger of being under
mined. Retail store managers arc
unable in fairness to grant price
reductions to one group and re
fuse such reductions to other
groups.
"Certain organizations arc ask
ing from Ift to 40 per cent prefer
ential discounts for their mem
bers. Merchants who grant such
discounts to any group of custom
ers will have to make up the dif
ference from other customers in
order to stay in business. This
practice is obviously unworkable
when it is remembered that net
operating profit for department
stores last year was 4.35 per cent.
' The one-price system of selling
goods and services to all alike is
the fair, equitable, and honest way
of doing business. The continuance
of this one - price system in the
Palo Alto area is essential for a
sound economy."
"The one-price system is the
cornerstone of retail business in
America which has grown ami
I rospcred, until today it is the
largest business in the country. If
special groups are to be granted
preferential discounts in our
stores and service firms, the sys
tem of one price for all groups is
in serious ieopardy, and our
American way of retail merchan
dising is in danger of being under
mined. Retail store managers arc
unable in fairness to grant price
reductions to one group and re
fuse such reductions to other
groups.
"Certain organizations arc ask
ing from Ift to 40 per cent prefer
ential discounts for their mem
bers. Merchants who grant such
discounts to any group of custom
ers will have to make up the dif
ference from other customers in
order to stay in business. This
practice is obviously unworkable
when it is remembered that net
operating profit for department
stores last year was 4.35 per cent.
' The one-price system of selling
goods and services to all alike is
the fair, equitable, and honest way
of doing business. The continuance
of this one - price system in the
Palo Alto area is essential for a
sound economy."
"The one-price system is the
cornerstone of retail business in
America which has grown ami
I rospcred, until today it is the
largest business in the country. If
special groups are to be granted
preferential discounts in our
stores and service firms, the sys
tem of one price for all groups is
in serious ieopardy, and our
American way of retail merchan
dising is in danger of being under
mined. Retail store managers arc
unable in fairness to grant price
reductions to one group and re
fuse such reductions to other
groups.
"Certain organizations arc ask
ing from Ift to 40 per cent prefer
ential discounts for their mem
bers. Merchants who grant such
discounts to any group of custom
ers will have to make up the dif
ference from other customers in
order to stay in business. This
practice is obviously unworkable
when it is remembered that net
operating profit for department
stores last year was 4.35 per cent.
' The one-price system of selling
goods and services to all alike is
the fair, equitable, and honest way
of doing business. The continuance
of this one - price system in the
Palo Alto area is essential for a
sound economy."
"The one-price system is the
cornerstone of retail business in
America which has grown ami
I rospcred, until today it is the
largest business in the country. If
special groups are to be granted
preferential discounts in our
stores and service firms, the sys
tem of one price for all groups is
in serious ieopardy, and our
American way of retail merchan
dising is in danger of being under
mined. Retail store managers arc
unable in fairness to grant price
reductions to one group and re
fuse such reductions to other
groups.
"Certain organizations arc ask
ing from Ift to 40 per cent prefer
ential discounts for their mem
bers. Merchants who grant such
discounts to any group of custom
ers will have to make up the dif
ference from other customers in
order to stay in business. This
practice is obviously unworkable
when it is remembered that net
operating profit for department
stores last year was 4.35 per cent.
' The one-price system of selling
goods and services to all alike is
the fair, equitable, and honest way
of doing business. The continuance
of this one - price system in the
Palo Alto area is essential for a
sound economy."
"The one-price system is the
cornerstone of retail business in
America which has grown ami
I rospcred, until today it is the
largest business in the country. If
special groups are to be granted
preferential discounts in our
stores and service firms, the sys
tem of one price for all groups is
in serious ieopardy, and our
American way of retail merchan
dising is in danger of being under
mined. Retail store managers arc
unable in fairness to grant price
reductions to one group and re
fuse such reductions to other
groups.
"Certain organizations arc ask
ing from Ift to 40 per cent prefer
ential discounts for their mem
bers. Merchants who grant such
discounts to any group of custom
ers will have to make up the dif
ference from other customers in
order to stay in business. This
practice is obviously unworkable
when it is remembered that net
operating profit for department
stores last year was 4.35 per cent.
' The one-price system of selling
goods and services to all alike is
the fair, equitable, and honest way
of doing business. The continuance
of this one - price system in the
Palo Alto area is essential for a
sound economy."
"The one-price system is the
cornerstone of retail business in
America which has grown ami
I rospcred, until today it is the
largest business in the country. If
special groups are to be granted
preferential discounts in our
stores and service firms, the sys
tem of one price for all groups is
in serious ieopardy, and our
American way of retail merchan
dising is in danger of being under
mined. Retail store managers arc
unable in fairness to grant price
reductions to one group and re
fuse such reductions to other
groups.
"Certain organizations arc ask
ing from Ift to 40 per cent prefer
ential discounts for their mem
bers. Merchants who grant such
discounts to any group of custom
ers will have to make up the dif
ference from other customers in
order to stay in business. This
practice is obviously unworkable
when it is remembered that net
operating profit for department
stores last year was 4.35 per cent.
' The one-price system of selling
goods and services to all alike is
the fair, equitable, and honest way
of doing business. The continuance
of this one - price system in the
Palo Alto area is essential for a
sound economy."
"The one-price system is the
cornerstone of retail business in
America which has grown ami
I rospcred, until today it is the
largest business in the country. If
special groups are to be granted
preferential discounts in our
stores and service firms, the sys
tem of one price for all groups is
in serious ieopardy, and our
American way of retail merchan
dising is in danger of being under
mined. Retail store managers arc
unable in fairness to grant price
reductions to one group and re
fuse such reductions to other
groups.
"Certain organizations arc ask
ing from Ift to 40 per cent prefer
ential discounts for their mem
bers. Merchants who grant such
discounts to any group of custom
ers will have to make up the dif
ference from other customers in
order to stay in business. This
practice is obviously unworkable
when it is remembered that net
operating profit for department
stores last year was 4.35 per cent.
' The one-price system of selling
goods and services to all alike is
the fair, equitable, and honest way
of doing business. The continuance
of this one - price system in the
Palo Alto area is essential for a
sound economy."
"The one-price system is the
cornerstone of retail business in
America which has grown ami
I rospcred, until today it is the
largest business in the country. If
special groups are to be granted
preferential discounts in our
stores and service firms, the sys
tem of one price for all groups is
in serious ieopardy, and our
American way of retail merchan
dising is in danger of being under
mined. Retail store managers arc
unable in fairness to grant price
reductions to one group and re
fuse such reductions to other
groups.
"Certain organizations arc ask
ing from Ift to 40 per cent prefer
ential discounts for their mem
bers. Merchants who grant such
discounts to any group of custom
ers will have to make up the dif
ference from other customers in
order to stay in business. This
practice is obviously unworkable
when it is remembered that net
operating profit for department
stores last year was 4.35 per cent.
' The one-price system of selling
goods and services to all alike is
the fair, equitable, and honest way
of doing business. The continuance
of this one - price system in the
Palo Alto area is essential for a
sound economy."
"The one-price system is the
cornerstone of retail business in
America which has grown ami
I rospcred, until today it is the
largest business in the country. If
special groups are to be granted
preferential discounts in our
stores and service firms, the sys
tem of one price for all groups is
in serious ieopardy, and our
American way of retail merchan
dising is in danger of being under
mined. Retail store managers arc
unable in fairness to grant price
reductions to one group and re
fuse such reductions to other
groups.
"Certain organizations arc ask
ing from Ift to 40 per cent prefer
ential discounts for their mem
bers. Merchants who grant such
discounts to any group of custom
ers will have to make up the dif
ference from other customers in
order to stay in business. This
practice is obviously unworkable
when it is remembered that net
operating profit for department
stores last year was 4.35 per cent.
' The one-price system of selling
goods and services to all alike is
the fair, equitable, and honest way
of doing business. The continuance
of this one - price system in the
Palo Alto area is essential for a
sound economy."
"The one-price system is the
cornerstone of retail business in
America which has grown ami
I rospcred, until today it is the
largest business in the country. If
special groups are to be granted
preferential discounts in our
stores and service firms, the sys
tem of one price for all groups is
in serious ieopardy, and our
American way of retail merchan
dising is in danger of being under
mined. Retail store managers arc
unable in fairness to grant price
reductions to one group and re
fuse such reductions to other
groups.
"Certain organizations arc ask
ing from Ift to 40 per cent prefer
ential discounts for their mem
bers. Merchants who grant such
discounts to any group of custom
ers will have to make up the dif
ference from other customers in
order to stay in business. This
practice is obviously unworkable
when it is remembered that net
operating profit for department
stores last year was 4.35 per cent.
' The one-price system of selling
goods and services to all alike is
the fair, equitable, and honest way
of doing business. The continuance
of this one - price system in the
Palo Alto area is essential for a
sound economy."
"The one-price system is the
cornerstone of retail business in
America which has grown ami
I rospcred, until today it is the
largest business in the country. If
special groups are to be granted
preferential discounts in our
stores and service firms, the sys
tem of one price for all groups is
in serious ieopardy, and our
American way of retail merchan
dising is in danger of being under
mined. Retail store managers arc
unable in fairness to grant price
reductions to one group and re
fuse such reductions to other
groups.
"Certain organizations arc ask
ing from Ift to 40 per cent prefer
ential discounts for their mem
bers. Merchants who grant such
discounts to any group of custom
ers will have to make up the dif
ference from other customers in
order to stay in business. This
practice is obviously unworkable
when it is remembered that net
operating profit for department
stores last year was 4.35 per cent.
' The one-price system of selling
goods and services to all alike is
the fair, equitable, and honest way
of doing business. The continuance
of this one - price system in the
Palo Alto area is essential for a
sound economy."
"The one-price system is the
cornerstone of retail business in
America which has grown ami
I rospcred, until today it is the
largest business in the country. If
special groups are to be granted
preferential discounts in our
stores and service firms, the sys
tem of one price for all groups is
in serious ieopardy, and our
American way of retail merchan
dising is in danger of being under
mined. Retail store managers arc
unable in fairness to grant price
reductions to one group and re
fuse such reductions to other
groups.
"Certain organizations arc ask
ing from Ift to 40 per cent prefer
ential discounts for their mem
bers. Merchants who grant such
discounts to any group of custom
ers will have to make up the dif
ference from other customers in
order to stay in business. This
practice is obviously unworkable
when it is remembered that net
operating profit for department
stores last year was 4.35 per cent.
' The one-price system of selling
goods and services to all alike is
the fair, equitable, and honest way
of doing business. The continuance
of this one - price system in the
Palo Alto area is essential for a
sound economy."
