# New Art Works for Museum.
## 
### 
Mrs. Stanford lias arranged for
the purchase of two paintings,
"Crossing the Plains" and '"'Sat
urday Night in the Mine," both by
Richard Nahl. The paintings were
owned by James 0. Coleman and
hung for years in the capitol at
Sacramento. They will he placed
in the art gallery at the museum.
Mrs. Stanford lias arranged for
the purchase of two paintings,
"Crossing the Plains" and '"'Sat
urday Night in the Mine," both by
Richard Nahl. The paintings were
owned by James 0. Coleman and
hung for years in the capitol at
Sacramento. They will he placed
in the art gallery at the museum.
Mrs. Stanford lias arranged for
the purchase of two paintings,
"Crossing the Plains" and '"'Sat
urday Night in the Mine," both by
Richard Nahl. The paintings were
owned by James 0. Coleman and
hung for years in the capitol at
Sacramento. They will he placed
in the art gallery at the museum.
Mrs. Stanford lias arranged for
the purchase of two paintings,
"Crossing the Plains" and '"'Sat
urday Night in the Mine," both by
Richard Nahl. The paintings were
owned by James 0. Coleman and
hung for years in the capitol at
Sacramento. They will he placed
in the art gallery at the museum.
Mrs. Stanford lias arranged for
the purchase of two paintings,
"Crossing the Plains" and '"'Sat
urday Night in the Mine," both by
Richard Nahl. The paintings were
owned by James 0. Coleman and
hung for years in the capitol at
Sacramento. They will he placed
in the art gallery at the museum.
Mrs. Stanford lias arranged for
the purchase of two paintings,
"Crossing the Plains" and '"'Sat
urday Night in the Mine," both by
Richard Nahl. The paintings were
owned by James 0. Coleman and
hung for years in the capitol at
Sacramento. They will he placed
in the art gallery at the museum.
Mrs. Stanford lias arranged for
the purchase of two paintings,
"Crossing the Plains" and '"'Sat
urday Night in the Mine," both by
Richard Nahl. The paintings were
owned by James 0. Coleman and
hung for years in the capitol at
Sacramento. They will he placed
in the art gallery at the museum.
