# Raisin Candies for "Raisin Day,"
## 
### 
Raisin Creams, Raisin Nougat and
Raisin Chocolates, —novel and delic
ious confections made of California
raisins. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' Candy Stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Market
street, near Ferry.
Raisin Creams, Raisin Nougat and
Raisin Chocolates, —novel and delic
ious confections made of California
raisins. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' Candy Stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Market
street, near Ferry.
Raisin Creams, Raisin Nougat and
Raisin Chocolates, —novel and delic
ious confections made of California
raisins. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' Candy Stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Market
street, near Ferry.
Raisin Creams, Raisin Nougat and
Raisin Chocolates, —novel and delic
ious confections made of California
raisins. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' Candy Stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Market
street, near Ferry.
Raisin Creams, Raisin Nougat and
Raisin Chocolates, —novel and delic
ious confections made of California
raisins. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' Candy Stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Market
street, near Ferry.
Raisin Creams, Raisin Nougat and
Raisin Chocolates, —novel and delic
ious confections made of California
raisins. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' Candy Stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Market
street, near Ferry.
Raisin Creams, Raisin Nougat and
Raisin Chocolates, —novel and delic
ious confections made of California
raisins. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' Candy Stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Market
street, near Ferry.
Raisin Creams, Raisin Nougat and
Raisin Chocolates, —novel and delic
ious confections made of California
raisins. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' Candy Stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Market
street, near Ferry.
Raisin Creams, Raisin Nougat and
Raisin Chocolates, —novel and delic
ious confections made of California
raisins. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' Candy Stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Market
street, near Ferry.
Raisin Creams, Raisin Nougat and
Raisin Chocolates, —novel and delic
ious confections made of California
raisins. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' Candy Stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Market
street, near Ferry.
Raisin Creams, Raisin Nougat and
Raisin Chocolates, —novel and delic
ious confections made of California
raisins. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' Candy Stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Market
street, near Ferry.
Raisin Creams, Raisin Nougat and
Raisin Chocolates, —novel and delic
ious confections made of California
raisins. At all four of Geo. Haas &
Sons' Candy Stores in San Francisco:
Phelan Building, Fillmore at Ellis,
Van Ness at Sutter and 28 Market
street, near Ferry.
