# Chemist's Life, Community Report New Publications of Farm Press
## 
### 
Attempting to keep old books in i
print and to schedule new publica
tions, the Stanford University Press
has maintained a large volume of
production throughout the summer
quarter.
Among the more significant books
published by the Press this month is 1
"Community Planning for Peace
time Living," the report of the 1945
Workshop on Community Leader
ship held at Stanford University.
Edited by Louis Wirth, Ernest R. i
Hilgard, and I. James Quillen, the I
book outlines postwar city planning
on all levels of community respon- I
sibility.
Published in July, "The Life of a
Chemist" by Vladimir N. Ipatieff i
touches many sides of Russian scien
tific life before and after the Revo

lution.
Ipatieff was a professor and a
member of the Academy of Sciences
and the head of Russian chemical
warfare developments during World
War I. After the Russian Revolu
tion, he was concerned with scien
tific and administrative activities
during the first 12 years of the
Soviet regime.
Attempting to keep old books in i
print and to schedule new publica
tions, the Stanford University Press
has maintained a large volume of
production throughout the summer
quarter.
Among the more significant books
published by the Press this month is 1
"Community Planning for Peace
time Living," the report of the 1945
Workshop on Community Leader
ship held at Stanford University.
Edited by Louis Wirth, Ernest R. i
Hilgard, and I. James Quillen, the I
book outlines postwar city planning
on all levels of community respon- I
sibility.
Published in July, "The Life of a
Chemist" by Vladimir N. Ipatieff i
touches many sides of Russian scien
tific life before and after the Revo

lution.
Ipatieff was a professor and a
member of the Academy of Sciences
and the head of Russian chemical
warfare developments during World
War I. After the Russian Revolu
tion, he was concerned with scien
tific and administrative activities
during the first 12 years of the
Soviet regime.
Attempting to keep old books in i
print and to schedule new publica
tions, the Stanford University Press
has maintained a large volume of
production throughout the summer
quarter.
Among the more significant books
published by the Press this month is 1
"Community Planning for Peace
time Living," the report of the 1945
Workshop on Community Leader
ship held at Stanford University.
Edited by Louis Wirth, Ernest R. i
Hilgard, and I. James Quillen, the I
book outlines postwar city planning
on all levels of community respon- I
sibility.
Published in July, "The Life of a
Chemist" by Vladimir N. Ipatieff i
touches many sides of Russian scien
tific life before and after the Revo

lution.
Ipatieff was a professor and a
member of the Academy of Sciences
and the head of Russian chemical
warfare developments during World
War I. After the Russian Revolu
tion, he was concerned with scien
tific and administrative activities
during the first 12 years of the
Soviet regime.
Attempting to keep old books in i
print and to schedule new publica
tions, the Stanford University Press
has maintained a large volume of
production throughout the summer
quarter.
Among the more significant books
published by the Press this month is 1
"Community Planning for Peace
time Living," the report of the 1945
Workshop on Community Leader
ship held at Stanford University.
Edited by Louis Wirth, Ernest R. i
Hilgard, and I. James Quillen, the I
book outlines postwar city planning
on all levels of community respon- I
sibility.
Published in July, "The Life of a
Chemist" by Vladimir N. Ipatieff i
touches many sides of Russian scien
tific life before and after the Revo

lution.
Ipatieff was a professor and a
member of the Academy of Sciences
and the head of Russian chemical
warfare developments during World
War I. After the Russian Revolu
tion, he was concerned with scien
tific and administrative activities
during the first 12 years of the
Soviet regime.
Attempting to keep old books in i
print and to schedule new publica
tions, the Stanford University Press
has maintained a large volume of
production throughout the summer
quarter.
Among the more significant books
published by the Press this month is 1
"Community Planning for Peace
time Living," the report of the 1945
Workshop on Community Leader
ship held at Stanford University.
Edited by Louis Wirth, Ernest R. i
Hilgard, and I. James Quillen, the I
book outlines postwar city planning
on all levels of community respon- I
sibility.
Published in July, "The Life of a
Chemist" by Vladimir N. Ipatieff i
touches many sides of Russian scien
tific life before and after the Revo

lution.
Ipatieff was a professor and a
member of the Academy of Sciences
and the head of Russian chemical
warfare developments during World
War I. After the Russian Revolu
tion, he was concerned with scien
tific and administrative activities
during the first 12 years of the
Soviet regime.
Attempting to keep old books in i
print and to schedule new publica
tions, the Stanford University Press
has maintained a large volume of
production throughout the summer
quarter.
Among the more significant books
published by the Press this month is 1
"Community Planning for Peace
time Living," the report of the 1945
Workshop on Community Leader
ship held at Stanford University.
Edited by Louis Wirth, Ernest R. i
Hilgard, and I. James Quillen, the I
book outlines postwar city planning
on all levels of community respon- I
sibility.
Published in July, "The Life of a
Chemist" by Vladimir N. Ipatieff i
touches many sides of Russian scien
tific life before and after the Revo

lution.
Ipatieff was a professor and a
member of the Academy of Sciences
and the head of Russian chemical
warfare developments during World
War I. After the Russian Revolu
tion, he was concerned with scien
tific and administrative activities
during the first 12 years of the
Soviet regime.
Attempting to keep old books in i
print and to schedule new publica
tions, the Stanford University Press
has maintained a large volume of
production throughout the summer
quarter.
Among the more significant books
published by the Press this month is 1
"Community Planning for Peace
time Living," the report of the 1945
Workshop on Community Leader
ship held at Stanford University.
Edited by Louis Wirth, Ernest R. i
Hilgard, and I. James Quillen, the I
book outlines postwar city planning
on all levels of community respon- I
sibility.
Published in July, "The Life of a
Chemist" by Vladimir N. Ipatieff i
touches many sides of Russian scien
tific life before and after the Revo

lution.
Ipatieff was a professor and a
member of the Academy of Sciences
and the head of Russian chemical
warfare developments during World
War I. After the Russian Revolu
tion, he was concerned with scien
tific and administrative activities
during the first 12 years of the
Soviet regime.
Attempting to keep old books in i
print and to schedule new publica
tions, the Stanford University Press
has maintained a large volume of
production throughout the summer
quarter.
Among the more significant books
published by the Press this month is 1
"Community Planning for Peace
time Living," the report of the 1945
Workshop on Community Leader
ship held at Stanford University.
Edited by Louis Wirth, Ernest R. i
Hilgard, and I. James Quillen, the I
book outlines postwar city planning
on all levels of community respon- I
sibility.
Published in July, "The Life of a
Chemist" by Vladimir N. Ipatieff i
touches many sides of Russian scien
tific life before and after the Revo

lution.
Ipatieff was a professor and a
member of the Academy of Sciences
and the head of Russian chemical
warfare developments during World
War I. After the Russian Revolu
tion, he was concerned with scien
tific and administrative activities
during the first 12 years of the
Soviet regime.
Attempting to keep old books in i
print and to schedule new publica
tions, the Stanford University Press
has maintained a large volume of
production throughout the summer
quarter.
Among the more significant books
published by the Press this month is 1
"Community Planning for Peace
time Living," the report of the 1945
Workshop on Community Leader
ship held at Stanford University.
Edited by Louis Wirth, Ernest R. i
Hilgard, and I. James Quillen, the I
book outlines postwar city planning
on all levels of community respon- I
sibility.
Published in July, "The Life of a
Chemist" by Vladimir N. Ipatieff i
touches many sides of Russian scien
tific life before and after the Revo

lution.
Ipatieff was a professor and a
member of the Academy of Sciences
and the head of Russian chemical
warfare developments during World
War I. After the Russian Revolu
tion, he was concerned with scien
tific and administrative activities
during the first 12 years of the
Soviet regime.
Attempting to keep old books in i
print and to schedule new publica
tions, the Stanford University Press
has maintained a large volume of
production throughout the summer
quarter.
Among the more significant books
published by the Press this month is 1
"Community Planning for Peace
time Living," the report of the 1945
Workshop on Community Leader
ship held at Stanford University.
Edited by Louis Wirth, Ernest R. i
Hilgard, and I. James Quillen, the I
book outlines postwar city planning
on all levels of community respon- I
sibility.
Published in July, "The Life of a
Chemist" by Vladimir N. Ipatieff i
touches many sides of Russian scien
tific life before and after the Revo

lution.
Ipatieff was a professor and a
member of the Academy of Sciences
and the head of Russian chemical
warfare developments during World
War I. After the Russian Revolu
tion, he was concerned with scien
tific and administrative activities
during the first 12 years of the
Soviet regime.
Attempting to keep old books in i
print and to schedule new publica
tions, the Stanford University Press
has maintained a large volume of
production throughout the summer
quarter.
Among the more significant books
published by the Press this month is 1
"Community Planning for Peace
time Living," the report of the 1945
Workshop on Community Leader
ship held at Stanford University.
Edited by Louis Wirth, Ernest R. i
Hilgard, and I. James Quillen, the I
book outlines postwar city planning
on all levels of community respon- I
sibility.
Published in July, "The Life of a
Chemist" by Vladimir N. Ipatieff i
touches many sides of Russian scien
tific life before and after the Revo

lution.
Ipatieff was a professor and a
member of the Academy of Sciences
and the head of Russian chemical
warfare developments during World
War I. After the Russian Revolu
tion, he was concerned with scien
tific and administrative activities
during the first 12 years of the
Soviet regime.
Attempting to keep old books in i
print and to schedule new publica
tions, the Stanford University Press
has maintained a large volume of
production throughout the summer
quarter.
Among the more significant books
published by the Press this month is 1
"Community Planning for Peace
time Living," the report of the 1945
Workshop on Community Leader
ship held at Stanford University.
Edited by Louis Wirth, Ernest R. i
Hilgard, and I. James Quillen, the I
book outlines postwar city planning
on all levels of community respon- I
sibility.
Published in July, "The Life of a
Chemist" by Vladimir N. Ipatieff i
touches many sides of Russian scien
tific life before and after the Revo

lution.
Ipatieff was a professor and a
member of the Academy of Sciences
and the head of Russian chemical
warfare developments during World
War I. After the Russian Revolu
tion, he was concerned with scien
tific and administrative activities
during the first 12 years of the
Soviet regime.
Attempting to keep old books in i
print and to schedule new publica
tions, the Stanford University Press
has maintained a large volume of
production throughout the summer
quarter.
Among the more significant books
published by the Press this month is 1
"Community Planning for Peace
time Living," the report of the 1945
Workshop on Community Leader
ship held at Stanford University.
Edited by Louis Wirth, Ernest R. i
Hilgard, and I. James Quillen, the I
book outlines postwar city planning
on all levels of community respon- I
sibility.
Published in July, "The Life of a
Chemist" by Vladimir N. Ipatieff i
touches many sides of Russian scien
tific life before and after the Revo

lution.
Ipatieff was a professor and a
member of the Academy of Sciences
and the head of Russian chemical
warfare developments during World
War I. After the Russian Revolu
tion, he was concerned with scien
tific and administrative activities
during the first 12 years of the
Soviet regime.
Attempting to keep old books in i
print and to schedule new publica
tions, the Stanford University Press
has maintained a large volume of
production throughout the summer
quarter.
Among the more significant books
published by the Press this month is 1
"Community Planning for Peace
time Living," the report of the 1945
Workshop on Community Leader
ship held at Stanford University.
Edited by Louis Wirth, Ernest R. i
Hilgard, and I. James Quillen, the I
book outlines postwar city planning
on all levels of community respon- I
sibility.
Published in July, "The Life of a
Chemist" by Vladimir N. Ipatieff i
touches many sides of Russian scien
tific life before and after the Revo

lution.
Ipatieff was a professor and a
member of the Academy of Sciences
and the head of Russian chemical
warfare developments during World
War I. After the Russian Revolu
tion, he was concerned with scien
tific and administrative activities
during the first 12 years of the
Soviet regime.
Attempting to keep old books in i
print and to schedule new publica
tions, the Stanford University Press
has maintained a large volume of
production throughout the summer
quarter.
Among the more significant books
published by the Press this month is 1
"Community Planning for Peace
time Living," the report of the 1945
Workshop on Community Leader
ship held at Stanford University.
Edited by Louis Wirth, Ernest R. i
Hilgard, and I. James Quillen, the I
book outlines postwar city planning
on all levels of community respon- I
sibility.
Published in July, "The Life of a
Chemist" by Vladimir N. Ipatieff i
touches many sides of Russian scien
tific life before and after the Revo

lution.
Ipatieff was a professor and a
member of the Academy of Sciences
and the head of Russian chemical
warfare developments during World
War I. After the Russian Revolu
tion, he was concerned with scien
tific and administrative activities
during the first 12 years of the
Soviet regime.
