# Adv. 17 Page 3
## 
### 
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
Phone DA 3-1301 to place a
classified ad. Deadline is 5 p.m.
