# Veterans Invited To Fairmont Club
## 
### 
The AWVS - sponsored Officers'
Club at the Fairmont Hotel has re
cently been converted into a Veter
ans' and Officers' Club. Plans have
been made to continue the non
profit social organization for the use
of veterans and army and naval
officers.
In addition to nightly dancing to
the music of Jimmy Blass and his
orchestra, a game room was opened
last Monday night providing facili
ties for cards, checkers, pinochle,
and other games.
The club is open every night,
serving refreshments from- 5 p.m.
on, and providing music from 7:45
until midnight. Girls who were
members of the AWVS during the
four war-years' of the club's opera
tion are continuing in the role of
hostesses. Quarters of the club are
the spacious hall and club rooms on
the second mezzanine below the
lobby of the Fairmont Hotel.
