# CHESS CLUB TO MEET
## 
### 
There will be a very important
meeting of the Stanford Chess Club
tonight in the lobby of ihe Union at
7:30 o'clock tonight. All members
are especially urged to be present
as this will be the last meeting of
the quarter and officers lor next
year are to be elected. Plans for
next quarter will also be discussed.
There will be a very important
meeting of the Stanford Chess Club
tonight in the lobby of ihe Union at
7:30 o'clock tonight. All members
are especially urged to be present
as this will be the last meeting of
the quarter and officers lor next
year are to be elected. Plans for
next quarter will also be discussed.
There will be a very important
meeting of the Stanford Chess Club
tonight in the lobby of ihe Union at
7:30 o'clock tonight. All members
are especially urged to be present
as this will be the last meeting of
the quarter and officers lor next
year are to be elected. Plans for
next quarter will also be discussed.
There will be a very important
meeting of the Stanford Chess Club
tonight in the lobby of ihe Union at
7:30 o'clock tonight. All members
are especially urged to be present
as this will be the last meeting of
the quarter and officers lor next
year are to be elected. Plans for
next quarter will also be discussed.
There will be a very important
meeting of the Stanford Chess Club
tonight in the lobby of ihe Union at
7:30 o'clock tonight. All members
are especially urged to be present
as this will be the last meeting of
the quarter and officers lor next
year are to be elected. Plans for
next quarter will also be discussed.
There will be a very important
meeting of the Stanford Chess Club
tonight in the lobby of ihe Union at
7:30 o'clock tonight. All members
are especially urged to be present
as this will be the last meeting of
the quarter and officers lor next
year are to be elected. Plans for
next quarter will also be discussed.
There will be a very important
meeting of the Stanford Chess Club
tonight in the lobby of ihe Union at
7:30 o'clock tonight. All members
are especially urged to be present
as this will be the last meeting of
the quarter and officers lor next
year are to be elected. Plans for
next quarter will also be discussed.
There will be a very important
meeting of the Stanford Chess Club
tonight in the lobby of ihe Union at
7:30 o'clock tonight. All members
are especially urged to be present
as this will be the last meeting of
the quarter and officers lor next
year are to be elected. Plans for
next quarter will also be discussed.
There will be a very important
meeting of the Stanford Chess Club
tonight in the lobby of ihe Union at
7:30 o'clock tonight. All members
are especially urged to be present
as this will be the last meeting of
the quarter and officers lor next
year are to be elected. Plans for
next quarter will also be discussed.
There will be a very important
meeting of the Stanford Chess Club
tonight in the lobby of ihe Union at
7:30 o'clock tonight. All members
are especially urged to be present
as this will be the last meeting of
the quarter and officers lor next
year are to be elected. Plans for
next quarter will also be discussed.
There will be a very important
meeting of the Stanford Chess Club
tonight in the lobby of ihe Union at
7:30 o'clock tonight. All members
are especially urged to be present
as this will be the last meeting of
the quarter and officers lor next
year are to be elected. Plans for
next quarter will also be discussed.
There will be a very important
meeting of the Stanford Chess Club
tonight in the lobby of ihe Union at
7:30 o'clock tonight. All members
are especially urged to be present
as this will be the last meeting of
the quarter and officers lor next
year are to be elected. Plans for
next quarter will also be discussed.
There will be a very important
meeting of the Stanford Chess Club
tonight in the lobby of ihe Union at
7:30 o'clock tonight. All members
are especially urged to be present
as this will be the last meeting of
the quarter and officers lor next
year are to be elected. Plans for
next quarter will also be discussed.
There will be a very important
meeting of the Stanford Chess Club
tonight in the lobby of ihe Union at
7:30 o'clock tonight. All members
are especially urged to be present
as this will be the last meeting of
the quarter and officers lor next
year are to be elected. Plans for
next quarter will also be discussed.
There will be a very important
meeting of the Stanford Chess Club
tonight in the lobby of ihe Union at
7:30 o'clock tonight. All members
are especially urged to be present
as this will be the last meeting of
the quarter and officers lor next
year are to be elected. Plans for
next quarter will also be discussed.
