# U.S. STARS TO PLAY IN DAVIS CUP FINAL
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 27. (/Pi —
Two of the brightest net stars of
two countries, Frank X. Shields of
New York and Guilermo Robson of
Argentina, were squared away to
night for the opening volleys tomor
row of the final American Davis Cup
tie.
With Sidney B. Wood, Jr., of New
York, and Ronaldo Boyd, giant Ar
gentine star, who will contest the
second singles match, the players of
both teams retired to the Chevy
Chase Club late this afternoon after
a day more filled with international
amenities than tennis.
The youthful United States team,
with only one day of practice after
its victory over Canada, managed to
sandwich in a brief period of play
after luncheon. The Argentines,
however, found no time for practice.
WASHINGTON, May 27. (/Pi —
Two of the brightest net stars of
two countries, Frank X. Shields of
New York and Guilermo Robson of
Argentina, were squared away to
night for the opening volleys tomor
row of the final American Davis Cup
tie.
With Sidney B. Wood, Jr., of New
York, and Ronaldo Boyd, giant Ar
gentine star, who will contest the
second singles match, the players of
both teams retired to the Chevy
Chase Club late this afternoon after
a day more filled with international
amenities than tennis.
The youthful United States team,
with only one day of practice after
its victory over Canada, managed to
sandwich in a brief period of play
after luncheon. The Argentines,
however, found no time for practice.
WASHINGTON, May 27. (/Pi —
Two of the brightest net stars of
two countries, Frank X. Shields of
New York and Guilermo Robson of
Argentina, were squared away to
night for the opening volleys tomor
row of the final American Davis Cup
tie.
With Sidney B. Wood, Jr., of New
York, and Ronaldo Boyd, giant Ar
gentine star, who will contest the
second singles match, the players of
both teams retired to the Chevy
Chase Club late this afternoon after
a day more filled with international
amenities than tennis.
The youthful United States team,
with only one day of practice after
its victory over Canada, managed to
sandwich in a brief period of play
after luncheon. The Argentines,
however, found no time for practice.
WASHINGTON, May 27. (/Pi —
Two of the brightest net stars of
two countries, Frank X. Shields of
New York and Guilermo Robson of
Argentina, were squared away to
night for the opening volleys tomor
row of the final American Davis Cup
tie.
With Sidney B. Wood, Jr., of New
York, and Ronaldo Boyd, giant Ar
gentine star, who will contest the
second singles match, the players of
both teams retired to the Chevy
Chase Club late this afternoon after
a day more filled with international
amenities than tennis.
The youthful United States team,
with only one day of practice after
its victory over Canada, managed to
sandwich in a brief period of play
after luncheon. The Argentines,
however, found no time for practice.
WASHINGTON, May 27. (/Pi —
Two of the brightest net stars of
two countries, Frank X. Shields of
New York and Guilermo Robson of
Argentina, were squared away to
night for the opening volleys tomor
row of the final American Davis Cup
tie.
With Sidney B. Wood, Jr., of New
York, and Ronaldo Boyd, giant Ar
gentine star, who will contest the
second singles match, the players of
both teams retired to the Chevy
Chase Club late this afternoon after
a day more filled with international
amenities than tennis.
The youthful United States team,
with only one day of practice after
its victory over Canada, managed to
sandwich in a brief period of play
after luncheon. The Argentines,
however, found no time for practice.
WASHINGTON, May 27. (/Pi —
Two of the brightest net stars of
two countries, Frank X. Shields of
New York and Guilermo Robson of
Argentina, were squared away to
night for the opening volleys tomor
row of the final American Davis Cup
tie.
With Sidney B. Wood, Jr., of New
York, and Ronaldo Boyd, giant Ar
gentine star, who will contest the
second singles match, the players of
both teams retired to the Chevy
Chase Club late this afternoon after
a day more filled with international
amenities than tennis.
The youthful United States team,
with only one day of practice after
its victory over Canada, managed to
sandwich in a brief period of play
after luncheon. The Argentines,
however, found no time for practice.
WASHINGTON, May 27. (/Pi —
Two of the brightest net stars of
two countries, Frank X. Shields of
New York and Guilermo Robson of
Argentina, were squared away to
night for the opening volleys tomor
row of the final American Davis Cup
tie.
With Sidney B. Wood, Jr., of New
York, and Ronaldo Boyd, giant Ar
gentine star, who will contest the
second singles match, the players of
both teams retired to the Chevy
Chase Club late this afternoon after
a day more filled with international
amenities than tennis.
The youthful United States team,
with only one day of practice after
its victory over Canada, managed to
sandwich in a brief period of play
after luncheon. The Argentines,
however, found no time for practice.
WASHINGTON, May 27. (/Pi —
Two of the brightest net stars of
two countries, Frank X. Shields of
New York and Guilermo Robson of
Argentina, were squared away to
night for the opening volleys tomor
row of the final American Davis Cup
tie.
With Sidney B. Wood, Jr., of New
York, and Ronaldo Boyd, giant Ar
gentine star, who will contest the
second singles match, the players of
both teams retired to the Chevy
Chase Club late this afternoon after
a day more filled with international
amenities than tennis.
The youthful United States team,
with only one day of practice after
its victory over Canada, managed to
sandwich in a brief period of play
after luncheon. The Argentines,
however, found no time for practice.
WASHINGTON, May 27. (/Pi —
Two of the brightest net stars of
two countries, Frank X. Shields of
New York and Guilermo Robson of
Argentina, were squared away to
night for the opening volleys tomor
row of the final American Davis Cup
tie.
With Sidney B. Wood, Jr., of New
York, and Ronaldo Boyd, giant Ar
gentine star, who will contest the
second singles match, the players of
both teams retired to the Chevy
Chase Club late this afternoon after
a day more filled with international
amenities than tennis.
The youthful United States team,
with only one day of practice after
its victory over Canada, managed to
sandwich in a brief period of play
after luncheon. The Argentines,
however, found no time for practice.
WASHINGTON, May 27. (/Pi —
Two of the brightest net stars of
two countries, Frank X. Shields of
New York and Guilermo Robson of
Argentina, were squared away to
night for the opening volleys tomor
row of the final American Davis Cup
tie.
With Sidney B. Wood, Jr., of New
York, and Ronaldo Boyd, giant Ar
gentine star, who will contest the
second singles match, the players of
both teams retired to the Chevy
Chase Club late this afternoon after
a day more filled with international
amenities than tennis.
The youthful United States team,
with only one day of practice after
its victory over Canada, managed to
sandwich in a brief period of play
after luncheon. The Argentines,
however, found no time for practice.
WASHINGTON, May 27. (/Pi —
Two of the brightest net stars of
two countries, Frank X. Shields of
New York and Guilermo Robson of
Argentina, were squared away to
night for the opening volleys tomor
row of the final American Davis Cup
tie.
With Sidney B. Wood, Jr., of New
York, and Ronaldo Boyd, giant Ar
gentine star, who will contest the
second singles match, the players of
both teams retired to the Chevy
Chase Club late this afternoon after
a day more filled with international
amenities than tennis.
The youthful United States team,
with only one day of practice after
its victory over Canada, managed to
sandwich in a brief period of play
after luncheon. The Argentines,
however, found no time for practice.
WASHINGTON, May 27. (/Pi —
Two of the brightest net stars of
two countries, Frank X. Shields of
New York and Guilermo Robson of
Argentina, were squared away to
night for the opening volleys tomor
row of the final American Davis Cup
tie.
With Sidney B. Wood, Jr., of New
York, and Ronaldo Boyd, giant Ar
gentine star, who will contest the
second singles match, the players of
both teams retired to the Chevy
Chase Club late this afternoon after
a day more filled with international
amenities than tennis.
The youthful United States team,
with only one day of practice after
its victory over Canada, managed to
sandwich in a brief period of play
after luncheon. The Argentines,
however, found no time for practice.
WASHINGTON, May 27. (/Pi —
Two of the brightest net stars of
two countries, Frank X. Shields of
New York and Guilermo Robson of
Argentina, were squared away to
night for the opening volleys tomor
row of the final American Davis Cup
tie.
With Sidney B. Wood, Jr., of New
York, and Ronaldo Boyd, giant Ar
gentine star, who will contest the
second singles match, the players of
both teams retired to the Chevy
Chase Club late this afternoon after
a day more filled with international
amenities than tennis.
The youthful United States team,
with only one day of practice after
its victory over Canada, managed to
sandwich in a brief period of play
after luncheon. The Argentines,
however, found no time for practice.
WASHINGTON, May 27. (/Pi —
Two of the brightest net stars of
two countries, Frank X. Shields of
New York and Guilermo Robson of
Argentina, were squared away to
night for the opening volleys tomor
row of the final American Davis Cup
tie.
With Sidney B. Wood, Jr., of New
York, and Ronaldo Boyd, giant Ar
gentine star, who will contest the
second singles match, the players of
both teams retired to the Chevy
Chase Club late this afternoon after
a day more filled with international
amenities than tennis.
The youthful United States team,
with only one day of practice after
its victory over Canada, managed to
sandwich in a brief period of play
after luncheon. The Argentines,
however, found no time for practice.
WASHINGTON, May 27. (/Pi —
Two of the brightest net stars of
two countries, Frank X. Shields of
New York and Guilermo Robson of
Argentina, were squared away to
night for the opening volleys tomor
row of the final American Davis Cup
tie.
With Sidney B. Wood, Jr., of New
York, and Ronaldo Boyd, giant Ar
gentine star, who will contest the
second singles match, the players of
both teams retired to the Chevy
Chase Club late this afternoon after
a day more filled with international
amenities than tennis.
The youthful United States team,
with only one day of practice after
its victory over Canada, managed to
sandwich in a brief period of play
after luncheon. The Argentines,
however, found no time for practice.
