# Y.W.C.A. PLANS TOUR
## 
### 
Leaving the Y.W.C.A. at 9 o'clock
Saturday morning, the Y's social
service committee will make a tour
to Visitacion Valley Community
Center. Women wishing to accom
pany the group should get in touch
with Betty Landis, Lagunita.
Leaving the Y.W.C.A. at 9 o'clock
Saturday morning, the Y's social
service committee will make a tour
to Visitacion Valley Community
Center. Women wishing to accom
pany the group should get in touch
with Betty Landis, Lagunita.
Leaving the Y.W.C.A. at 9 o'clock
Saturday morning, the Y's social
service committee will make a tour
to Visitacion Valley Community
Center. Women wishing to accom
pany the group should get in touch
with Betty Landis, Lagunita.
Leaving the Y.W.C.A. at 9 o'clock
Saturday morning, the Y's social
service committee will make a tour
to Visitacion Valley Community
Center. Women wishing to accom
pany the group should get in touch
with Betty Landis, Lagunita.
Leaving the Y.W.C.A. at 9 o'clock
Saturday morning, the Y's social
service committee will make a tour
to Visitacion Valley Community
Center. Women wishing to accom
pany the group should get in touch
with Betty Landis, Lagunita.
Leaving the Y.W.C.A. at 9 o'clock
Saturday morning, the Y's social
service committee will make a tour
to Visitacion Valley Community
Center. Women wishing to accom
pany the group should get in touch
with Betty Landis, Lagunita.
Leaving the Y.W.C.A. at 9 o'clock
Saturday morning, the Y's social
service committee will make a tour
to Visitacion Valley Community
Center. Women wishing to accom
pany the group should get in touch
with Betty Landis, Lagunita.
Leaving the Y.W.C.A. at 9 o'clock
Saturday morning, the Y's social
service committee will make a tour
to Visitacion Valley Community
Center. Women wishing to accom
pany the group should get in touch
with Betty Landis, Lagunita.
Leaving the Y.W.C.A. at 9 o'clock
Saturday morning, the Y's social
service committee will make a tour
to Visitacion Valley Community
Center. Women wishing to accom
pany the group should get in touch
with Betty Landis, Lagunita.
Leaving the Y.W.C.A. at 9 o'clock
Saturday morning, the Y's social
service committee will make a tour
to Visitacion Valley Community
Center. Women wishing to accom
pany the group should get in touch
with Betty Landis, Lagunita.
Leaving the Y.W.C.A. at 9 o'clock
Saturday morning, the Y's social
service committee will make a tour
to Visitacion Valley Community
Center. Women wishing to accom
pany the group should get in touch
with Betty Landis, Lagunita.
Leaving the Y.W.C.A. at 9 o'clock
Saturday morning, the Y's social
service committee will make a tour
to Visitacion Valley Community
Center. Women wishing to accom
pany the group should get in touch
with Betty Landis, Lagunita.
Leaving the Y.W.C.A. at 9 o'clock
Saturday morning, the Y's social
service committee will make a tour
to Visitacion Valley Community
Center. Women wishing to accom
pany the group should get in touch
with Betty Landis, Lagunita.
Leaving the Y.W.C.A. at 9 o'clock
Saturday morning, the Y's social
service committee will make a tour
to Visitacion Valley Community
Center. Women wishing to accom
pany the group should get in touch
with Betty Landis, Lagunita.
Leaving the Y.W.C.A. at 9 o'clock
Saturday morning, the Y's social
service committee will make a tour
to Visitacion Valley Community
Center. Women wishing to accom
pany the group should get in touch
with Betty Landis, Lagunita.
