# Nantes Program Applications Due
## 
### 
Tomorrow is lli<- deadline for
applicants tor the Stanford
program at the University of
Nantes in Frances. All inter
ested students with a declared
French major should turn in an
application to the Department
of French and Italian hy 5 p.m.
tomorow.
Tomorrow is lli<- deadline for
applicants tor the Stanford
program at the University of
Nantes in Frances. All inter
ested students with a declared
French major should turn in an
application to the Department
of French and Italian hy 5 p.m.
tomorow.
Tomorrow is lli<- deadline for
applicants tor the Stanford
program at the University of
Nantes in Frances. All inter
ested students with a declared
French major should turn in an
application to the Department
of French and Italian hy 5 p.m.
tomorow.
Tomorrow is lli<- deadline for
applicants tor the Stanford
program at the University of
Nantes in Frances. All inter
ested students with a declared
French major should turn in an
application to the Department
of French and Italian hy 5 p.m.
tomorow.
Tomorrow is lli<- deadline for
applicants tor the Stanford
program at the University of
Nantes in Frances. All inter
ested students with a declared
French major should turn in an
application to the Department
of French and Italian hy 5 p.m.
tomorow.
Tomorrow is lli<- deadline for
applicants tor the Stanford
program at the University of
Nantes in Frances. All inter
ested students with a declared
French major should turn in an
application to the Department
of French and Italian hy 5 p.m.
tomorow.
Tomorrow is lli<- deadline for
applicants tor the Stanford
program at the University of
Nantes in Frances. All inter
ested students with a declared
French major should turn in an
application to the Department
of French and Italian hy 5 p.m.
tomorow.
Tomorrow is lli<- deadline for
applicants tor the Stanford
program at the University of
Nantes in Frances. All inter
ested students with a declared
French major should turn in an
application to the Department
of French and Italian hy 5 p.m.
tomorow.
Tomorrow is lli<- deadline for
applicants tor the Stanford
program at the University of
Nantes in Frances. All inter
ested students with a declared
French major should turn in an
application to the Department
of French and Italian hy 5 p.m.
tomorow.
Tomorrow is lli<- deadline for
applicants tor the Stanford
program at the University of
Nantes in Frances. All inter
ested students with a declared
French major should turn in an
application to the Department
of French and Italian hy 5 p.m.
tomorow.
Tomorrow is lli<- deadline for
applicants tor the Stanford
program at the University of
Nantes in Frances. All inter
ested students with a declared
French major should turn in an
application to the Department
of French and Italian hy 5 p.m.
tomorow.
Tomorrow is lli<- deadline for
applicants tor the Stanford
program at the University of
Nantes in Frances. All inter
ested students with a declared
French major should turn in an
application to the Department
of French and Italian hy 5 p.m.
tomorow.
Tomorrow is lli<- deadline for
applicants tor the Stanford
program at the University of
Nantes in Frances. All inter
ested students with a declared
French major should turn in an
application to the Department
of French and Italian hy 5 p.m.
tomorow.
Tomorrow is lli<- deadline for
applicants tor the Stanford
program at the University of
Nantes in Frances. All inter
ested students with a declared
French major should turn in an
application to the Department
of French and Italian hy 5 p.m.
tomorow.
Tomorrow is lli<- deadline for
applicants tor the Stanford
program at the University of
Nantes in Frances. All inter
ested students with a declared
French major should turn in an
application to the Department
of French and Italian hy 5 p.m.
tomorow.
