# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Y. Yafune, '07, who has had
charge of the Encina gymnasium
towel room since last year, has re
signed his position. He will leave
for Japan next week. H. Omori,
'05, has succeeded to the position
vacated by Yafune.
—Y. Yafune, '07, who has had
charge of the Encina gymnasium
towel room since last year, has re
signed his position. He will leave
for Japan next week. H. Omori,
'05, has succeeded to the position
vacated by Yafune.
—Y. Yafune, '07, who has had
charge of the Encina gymnasium
towel room since last year, has re
signed his position. He will leave
for Japan next week. H. Omori,
'05, has succeeded to the position
vacated by Yafune.
—Y. Yafune, '07, who has had
charge of the Encina gymnasium
towel room since last year, has re
signed his position. He will leave
for Japan next week. H. Omori,
'05, has succeeded to the position
vacated by Yafune.
—Y. Yafune, '07, who has had
charge of the Encina gymnasium
towel room since last year, has re
signed his position. He will leave
for Japan next week. H. Omori,
'05, has succeeded to the position
vacated by Yafune.
—Y. Yafune, '07, who has had
charge of the Encina gymnasium
towel room since last year, has re
signed his position. He will leave
for Japan next week. H. Omori,
'05, has succeeded to the position
vacated by Yafune.
—Y. Yafune, '07, who has had
charge of the Encina gymnasium
towel room since last year, has re
signed his position. He will leave
for Japan next week. H. Omori,
'05, has succeeded to the position
vacated by Yafune.
—Y. Yafune, '07, who has had
charge of the Encina gymnasium
towel room since last year, has re
signed his position. He will leave
for Japan next week. H. Omori,
'05, has succeeded to the position
vacated by Yafune.
