# APPROVED BY STYLISTS FOR MILADY THIS SPRING
## 
### 

Pale blue twill is used In the springtime ensemble shown at left, and its collar Is of silver paradise fox.
A small white straw hat In keeping with spring modes is shown in the center, and at right is a green and
white checkered tweed suit with a jade green blouse. The dresses were designed by Annette Simpson. (As
sociatd Press Photos)

Pale blue twill is used In the springtime ensemble shown at left, and its collar Is of silver paradise fox.
A small white straw hat In keeping with spring modes is shown in the center, and at right is a green and
white checkered tweed suit with a jade green blouse. The dresses were designed by Annette Simpson. (As
sociatd Press Photos)

Pale blue twill is used In the springtime ensemble shown at left, and its collar Is of silver paradise fox.
A small white straw hat In keeping with spring modes is shown in the center, and at right is a green and
white checkered tweed suit with a jade green blouse. The dresses were designed by Annette Simpson. (As
sociatd Press Photos)

Pale blue twill is used In the springtime ensemble shown at left, and its collar Is of silver paradise fox.
A small white straw hat In keeping with spring modes is shown in the center, and at right is a green and
white checkered tweed suit with a jade green blouse. The dresses were designed by Annette Simpson. (As
sociatd Press Photos)

Pale blue twill is used In the springtime ensemble shown at left, and its collar Is of silver paradise fox.
A small white straw hat In keeping with spring modes is shown in the center, and at right is a green and
white checkered tweed suit with a jade green blouse. The dresses were designed by Annette Simpson. (As
sociatd Press Photos)

Pale blue twill is used In the springtime ensemble shown at left, and its collar Is of silver paradise fox.
A small white straw hat In keeping with spring modes is shown in the center, and at right is a green and
white checkered tweed suit with a jade green blouse. The dresses were designed by Annette Simpson. (As
sociatd Press Photos)

Pale blue twill is used In the springtime ensemble shown at left, and its collar Is of silver paradise fox.
A small white straw hat In keeping with spring modes is shown in the center, and at right is a green and
white checkered tweed suit with a jade green blouse. The dresses were designed by Annette Simpson. (As
sociatd Press Photos)

Pale blue twill is used In the springtime ensemble shown at left, and its collar Is of silver paradise fox.
A small white straw hat In keeping with spring modes is shown in the center, and at right is a green and
white checkered tweed suit with a jade green blouse. The dresses were designed by Annette Simpson. (As
sociatd Press Photos)

Pale blue twill is used In the springtime ensemble shown at left, and its collar Is of silver paradise fox.
A small white straw hat In keeping with spring modes is shown in the center, and at right is a green and
white checkered tweed suit with a jade green blouse. The dresses were designed by Annette Simpson. (As
sociatd Press Photos)

Pale blue twill is used In the springtime ensemble shown at left, and its collar Is of silver paradise fox.
A small white straw hat In keeping with spring modes is shown in the center, and at right is a green and
white checkered tweed suit with a jade green blouse. The dresses were designed by Annette Simpson. (As
sociatd Press Photos)

Pale blue twill is used In the springtime ensemble shown at left, and its collar Is of silver paradise fox.
A small white straw hat In keeping with spring modes is shown in the center, and at right is a green and
white checkered tweed suit with a jade green blouse. The dresses were designed by Annette Simpson. (As
sociatd Press Photos)

Pale blue twill is used In the springtime ensemble shown at left, and its collar Is of silver paradise fox.
A small white straw hat In keeping with spring modes is shown in the center, and at right is a green and
white checkered tweed suit with a jade green blouse. The dresses were designed by Annette Simpson. (As
sociatd Press Photos)

Pale blue twill is used In the springtime ensemble shown at left, and its collar Is of silver paradise fox.
A small white straw hat In keeping with spring modes is shown in the center, and at right is a green and
white checkered tweed suit with a jade green blouse. The dresses were designed by Annette Simpson. (As
sociatd Press Photos)

Pale blue twill is used In the springtime ensemble shown at left, and its collar Is of silver paradise fox.
A small white straw hat In keeping with spring modes is shown in the center, and at right is a green and
white checkered tweed suit with a jade green blouse. The dresses were designed by Annette Simpson. (As
sociatd Press Photos)
