# STEFFENS WILL TALK THURSDAY
## 
### 
Lincoln StefTens, former muck- j
raker and America's "perfect re
porter'' will be on the campus
Thursday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock.
He is coming to discuss with a
group of the Farm's journalists the
future of journalism and the oppor
tunities for college graduates in
newspaper work.
The discussion will take place at
the Gamma Phi Beta house, and is
open to journalism majors, members
of the staffs of the various campus
publications, and professors and in
structors of journalism.
I
Lincoln StefTens, former muck- j
raker and America's "perfect re
porter'' will be on the campus
Thursday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock.
He is coming to discuss with a
group of the Farm's journalists the
future of journalism and the oppor
tunities for college graduates in
newspaper work.
The discussion will take place at
the Gamma Phi Beta house, and is
open to journalism majors, members
of the staffs of the various campus
publications, and professors and in
structors of journalism.
I
Lincoln StefTens, former muck- j
raker and America's "perfect re
porter'' will be on the campus
Thursday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock.
He is coming to discuss with a
group of the Farm's journalists the
future of journalism and the oppor
tunities for college graduates in
newspaper work.
The discussion will take place at
the Gamma Phi Beta house, and is
open to journalism majors, members
of the staffs of the various campus
publications, and professors and in
structors of journalism.
I
Lincoln StefTens, former muck- j
raker and America's "perfect re
porter'' will be on the campus
Thursday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock.
He is coming to discuss with a
group of the Farm's journalists the
future of journalism and the oppor
tunities for college graduates in
newspaper work.
The discussion will take place at
the Gamma Phi Beta house, and is
open to journalism majors, members
of the staffs of the various campus
publications, and professors and in
structors of journalism.
I
Lincoln StefTens, former muck- j
raker and America's "perfect re
porter'' will be on the campus
Thursday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock.
He is coming to discuss with a
group of the Farm's journalists the
future of journalism and the oppor
tunities for college graduates in
newspaper work.
The discussion will take place at
the Gamma Phi Beta house, and is
open to journalism majors, members
of the staffs of the various campus
publications, and professors and in
structors of journalism.
I
Lincoln StefTens, former muck- j
raker and America's "perfect re
porter'' will be on the campus
Thursday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock.
He is coming to discuss with a
group of the Farm's journalists the
future of journalism and the oppor
tunities for college graduates in
newspaper work.
The discussion will take place at
the Gamma Phi Beta house, and is
open to journalism majors, members
of the staffs of the various campus
publications, and professors and in
structors of journalism.
I
Lincoln StefTens, former muck- j
raker and America's "perfect re
porter'' will be on the campus
Thursday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock.
He is coming to discuss with a
group of the Farm's journalists the
future of journalism and the oppor
tunities for college graduates in
newspaper work.
The discussion will take place at
the Gamma Phi Beta house, and is
open to journalism majors, members
of the staffs of the various campus
publications, and professors and in
structors of journalism.
I
Lincoln StefTens, former muck- j
raker and America's "perfect re
porter'' will be on the campus
Thursday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock.
He is coming to discuss with a
group of the Farm's journalists the
future of journalism and the oppor
tunities for college graduates in
newspaper work.
The discussion will take place at
the Gamma Phi Beta house, and is
open to journalism majors, members
of the staffs of the various campus
publications, and professors and in
structors of journalism.
I
Lincoln StefTens, former muck- j
raker and America's "perfect re
porter'' will be on the campus
Thursday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock.
He is coming to discuss with a
group of the Farm's journalists the
future of journalism and the oppor
tunities for college graduates in
newspaper work.
The discussion will take place at
the Gamma Phi Beta house, and is
open to journalism majors, members
of the staffs of the various campus
publications, and professors and in
structors of journalism.
I
Lincoln StefTens, former muck- j
raker and America's "perfect re
porter'' will be on the campus
Thursday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock.
He is coming to discuss with a
group of the Farm's journalists the
future of journalism and the oppor
tunities for college graduates in
newspaper work.
The discussion will take place at
the Gamma Phi Beta house, and is
open to journalism majors, members
of the staffs of the various campus
publications, and professors and in
structors of journalism.
I
Lincoln StefTens, former muck- j
raker and America's "perfect re
porter'' will be on the campus
Thursday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock.
He is coming to discuss with a
group of the Farm's journalists the
future of journalism and the oppor
tunities for college graduates in
newspaper work.
The discussion will take place at
the Gamma Phi Beta house, and is
open to journalism majors, members
of the staffs of the various campus
publications, and professors and in
structors of journalism.
I
Lincoln StefTens, former muck- j
raker and America's "perfect re
porter'' will be on the campus
Thursday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock.
He is coming to discuss with a
group of the Farm's journalists the
future of journalism and the oppor
tunities for college graduates in
newspaper work.
The discussion will take place at
the Gamma Phi Beta house, and is
open to journalism majors, members
of the staffs of the various campus
publications, and professors and in
structors of journalism.
I
Lincoln StefTens, former muck- j
raker and America's "perfect re
porter'' will be on the campus
Thursday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock.
He is coming to discuss with a
group of the Farm's journalists the
future of journalism and the oppor
tunities for college graduates in
newspaper work.
The discussion will take place at
the Gamma Phi Beta house, and is
open to journalism majors, members
of the staffs of the various campus
publications, and professors and in
structors of journalism.
I
Lincoln StefTens, former muck- j
raker and America's "perfect re
porter'' will be on the campus
Thursday afternoon from 4 to 6
o'clock.
He is coming to discuss with a
group of the Farm's journalists the
future of journalism and the oppor
tunities for college graduates in
newspaper work.
The discussion will take place at
the Gamma Phi Beta house, and is
open to journalism majors, members
of the staffs of the various campus
publications, and professors and in
structors of journalism.
I
