# WYOMING COWBOYS AT TOP OF PILE
## 
### 

These basketball players have placed the Wyoming quintet in a
position to cop eastern division honors of the Rocky Mountain con
ference. Les Witte (upper left) and Haskell Leuty (center) are the
high scorers who have been supported by Joe Schwartz, lower left,
Casey Rugg, upper right, and John Kimball, lower right. The Cowboys
are expected to meet either Utah or Brigham Young university to
settle the conference title. (Associated Press Photos)

These basketball players have placed the Wyoming quintet in a
position to cop eastern division honors of the Rocky Mountain con
ference. Les Witte (upper left) and Haskell Leuty (center) are the
high scorers who have been supported by Joe Schwartz, lower left,
Casey Rugg, upper right, and John Kimball, lower right. The Cowboys
are expected to meet either Utah or Brigham Young university to
settle the conference title. (Associated Press Photos)

These basketball players have placed the Wyoming quintet in a
position to cop eastern division honors of the Rocky Mountain con
ference. Les Witte (upper left) and Haskell Leuty (center) are the
high scorers who have been supported by Joe Schwartz, lower left,
Casey Rugg, upper right, and John Kimball, lower right. The Cowboys
are expected to meet either Utah or Brigham Young university to
settle the conference title. (Associated Press Photos)

These basketball players have placed the Wyoming quintet in a
position to cop eastern division honors of the Rocky Mountain con
ference. Les Witte (upper left) and Haskell Leuty (center) are the
high scorers who have been supported by Joe Schwartz, lower left,
Casey Rugg, upper right, and John Kimball, lower right. The Cowboys
are expected to meet either Utah or Brigham Young university to
settle the conference title. (Associated Press Photos)

These basketball players have placed the Wyoming quintet in a
position to cop eastern division honors of the Rocky Mountain con
ference. Les Witte (upper left) and Haskell Leuty (center) are the
high scorers who have been supported by Joe Schwartz, lower left,
Casey Rugg, upper right, and John Kimball, lower right. The Cowboys
are expected to meet either Utah or Brigham Young university to
settle the conference title. (Associated Press Photos)

These basketball players have placed the Wyoming quintet in a
position to cop eastern division honors of the Rocky Mountain con
ference. Les Witte (upper left) and Haskell Leuty (center) are the
high scorers who have been supported by Joe Schwartz, lower left,
Casey Rugg, upper right, and John Kimball, lower right. The Cowboys
are expected to meet either Utah or Brigham Young university to
settle the conference title. (Associated Press Photos)

These basketball players have placed the Wyoming quintet in a
position to cop eastern division honors of the Rocky Mountain con
ference. Les Witte (upper left) and Haskell Leuty (center) are the
high scorers who have been supported by Joe Schwartz, lower left,
Casey Rugg, upper right, and John Kimball, lower right. The Cowboys
are expected to meet either Utah or Brigham Young university to
settle the conference title. (Associated Press Photos)

These basketball players have placed the Wyoming quintet in a
position to cop eastern division honors of the Rocky Mountain con
ference. Les Witte (upper left) and Haskell Leuty (center) are the
high scorers who have been supported by Joe Schwartz, lower left,
Casey Rugg, upper right, and John Kimball, lower right. The Cowboys
are expected to meet either Utah or Brigham Young university to
settle the conference title. (Associated Press Photos)

These basketball players have placed the Wyoming quintet in a
position to cop eastern division honors of the Rocky Mountain con
ference. Les Witte (upper left) and Haskell Leuty (center) are the
high scorers who have been supported by Joe Schwartz, lower left,
Casey Rugg, upper right, and John Kimball, lower right. The Cowboys
are expected to meet either Utah or Brigham Young university to
settle the conference title. (Associated Press Photos)

These basketball players have placed the Wyoming quintet in a
position to cop eastern division honors of the Rocky Mountain con
ference. Les Witte (upper left) and Haskell Leuty (center) are the
high scorers who have been supported by Joe Schwartz, lower left,
Casey Rugg, upper right, and John Kimball, lower right. The Cowboys
are expected to meet either Utah or Brigham Young university to
settle the conference title. (Associated Press Photos)

These basketball players have placed the Wyoming quintet in a
position to cop eastern division honors of the Rocky Mountain con
ference. Les Witte (upper left) and Haskell Leuty (center) are the
high scorers who have been supported by Joe Schwartz, lower left,
Casey Rugg, upper right, and John Kimball, lower right. The Cowboys
are expected to meet either Utah or Brigham Young university to
settle the conference title. (Associated Press Photos)

These basketball players have placed the Wyoming quintet in a
position to cop eastern division honors of the Rocky Mountain con
ference. Les Witte (upper left) and Haskell Leuty (center) are the
high scorers who have been supported by Joe Schwartz, lower left,
Casey Rugg, upper right, and John Kimball, lower right. The Cowboys
are expected to meet either Utah or Brigham Young university to
settle the conference title. (Associated Press Photos)

These basketball players have placed the Wyoming quintet in a
position to cop eastern division honors of the Rocky Mountain con
ference. Les Witte (upper left) and Haskell Leuty (center) are the
high scorers who have been supported by Joe Schwartz, lower left,
Casey Rugg, upper right, and John Kimball, lower right. The Cowboys
are expected to meet either Utah or Brigham Young university to
settle the conference title. (Associated Press Photos)

These basketball players have placed the Wyoming quintet in a
position to cop eastern division honors of the Rocky Mountain con
ference. Les Witte (upper left) and Haskell Leuty (center) are the
high scorers who have been supported by Joe Schwartz, lower left,
Casey Rugg, upper right, and John Kimball, lower right. The Cowboys
are expected to meet either Utah or Brigham Young university to
settle the conference title. (Associated Press Photos)
