# BRITAIN CLAMPS ARMS BAN ONTO SINO-JAP TRADE
## Labor Party Forces Policy To Maintain England's Neutrality Stand BORAH HITS U.S. BAR Clause Permits Filling Of Present War Orders 
### 
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (/} J )— j
The powerful opposition of Borah
of Idaho was raised today against
American participation in # t'in
hargo on arms shipment* u> the
Orient.
''To put an arms embargo on j
China and Japan," the chairman l
of the Foreign Relations Commit- |
tee told newspapermen, "is to take
sides 'with Japan under the condi
tions and circumstances that now !
exist."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (/} J )— j
The powerful opposition of Borah
of Idaho was raised today against
American participation in # t'in
hargo on arms shipment* u> the
Orient.
''To put an arms embargo on j
China and Japan," the chairman l
of the Foreign Relations Commit- |
tee told newspapermen, "is to take
sides 'with Japan under the condi
tions and circumstances that now !
exist."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (/} J )— j
The powerful opposition of Borah
of Idaho was raised today against
American participation in # t'in
hargo on arms shipment* u> the
Orient.
''To put an arms embargo on j
China and Japan," the chairman l
of the Foreign Relations Commit- |
tee told newspapermen, "is to take
sides 'with Japan under the condi
tions and circumstances that now !
exist."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (/} J )— j
The powerful opposition of Borah
of Idaho was raised today against
American participation in # t'in
hargo on arms shipment* u> the
Orient.
''To put an arms embargo on j
China and Japan," the chairman l
of the Foreign Relations Commit- |
tee told newspapermen, "is to take
sides 'with Japan under the condi
tions and circumstances that now !
exist."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (/} J )— j
The powerful opposition of Borah
of Idaho was raised today against
American participation in # t'in
hargo on arms shipment* u> the
Orient.
''To put an arms embargo on j
China and Japan," the chairman l
of the Foreign Relations Commit- |
tee told newspapermen, "is to take
sides 'with Japan under the condi
tions and circumstances that now !
exist."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (/} J )— j
The powerful opposition of Borah
of Idaho was raised today against
American participation in # t'in
hargo on arms shipment* u> the
Orient.
''To put an arms embargo on j
China and Japan," the chairman l
of the Foreign Relations Commit- |
tee told newspapermen, "is to take
sides 'with Japan under the condi
tions and circumstances that now !
exist."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (/} J )— j
The powerful opposition of Borah
of Idaho was raised today against
American participation in # t'in
hargo on arms shipment* u> the
Orient.
''To put an arms embargo on j
China and Japan," the chairman l
of the Foreign Relations Commit- |
tee told newspapermen, "is to take
sides 'with Japan under the condi
tions and circumstances that now !
exist."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (/} J )— j
The powerful opposition of Borah
of Idaho was raised today against
American participation in # t'in
hargo on arms shipment* u> the
Orient.
''To put an arms embargo on j
China and Japan," the chairman l
of the Foreign Relations Commit- |
tee told newspapermen, "is to take
sides 'with Japan under the condi
tions and circumstances that now !
exist."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (/} J )— j
The powerful opposition of Borah
of Idaho was raised today against
American participation in # t'in
hargo on arms shipment* u> the
Orient.
''To put an arms embargo on j
China and Japan," the chairman l
of the Foreign Relations Commit- |
tee told newspapermen, "is to take
sides 'with Japan under the condi
tions and circumstances that now !
exist."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (/} J )— j
The powerful opposition of Borah
of Idaho was raised today against
American participation in # t'in
hargo on arms shipment* u> the
Orient.
''To put an arms embargo on j
China and Japan," the chairman l
of the Foreign Relations Commit- |
tee told newspapermen, "is to take
sides 'with Japan under the condi
tions and circumstances that now !
exist."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (/} J )— j
The powerful opposition of Borah
of Idaho was raised today against
American participation in # t'in
hargo on arms shipment* u> the
Orient.
''To put an arms embargo on j
China and Japan," the chairman l
of the Foreign Relations Commit- |
tee told newspapermen, "is to take
sides 'with Japan under the condi
tions and circumstances that now !
exist."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (/} J )— j
The powerful opposition of Borah
of Idaho was raised today against
American participation in # t'in
hargo on arms shipment* u> the
Orient.
''To put an arms embargo on j
China and Japan," the chairman l
of the Foreign Relations Commit- |
tee told newspapermen, "is to take
sides 'with Japan under the condi
tions and circumstances that now !
exist."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (/} J )— j
The powerful opposition of Borah
of Idaho was raised today against
American participation in # t'in
hargo on arms shipment* u> the
Orient.
''To put an arms embargo on j
China and Japan," the chairman l
of the Foreign Relations Commit- |
tee told newspapermen, "is to take
sides 'with Japan under the condi
tions and circumstances that now !
exist."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 27 (/} J )— j
The powerful opposition of Borah
of Idaho was raised today against
American participation in # t'in
hargo on arms shipment* u> the
Orient.
''To put an arms embargo on j
China and Japan," the chairman l
of the Foreign Relations Commit- |
tee told newspapermen, "is to take
sides 'with Japan under the condi
tions and circumstances that now !
exist."
