# Roble Shows Zodiac Signs
## 
### 
Crystal bulls, candle light, and
signs of the zodiac will give a festive
air to the dining room of Roble to
night, when the annual birthday
dinner will be held. All girls hav
ing birthdays in fall or winter quar
ter have been sent invitations in
cluding a personal horoscope and
their particular sign of the zodiac.
The meal will begin with hors
d'oeuvres and cigarettes will be
passed after dinner, according to
Rosemary Barnes, general chair
man for the affair. Entertainment
will follow, and will be provided by
twirls whose birthdays are not being
celebrated. A special song has been
composed for the occasion, and will
be sung to the accompaniment of
Octavia Pratt's accordion music.
Crystal bulls, candle light, and
signs of the zodiac will give a festive
air to the dining room of Roble to
night, when the annual birthday
dinner will be held. All girls hav
ing birthdays in fall or winter quar
ter have been sent invitations in
cluding a personal horoscope and
their particular sign of the zodiac.
The meal will begin with hors
d'oeuvres and cigarettes will be
passed after dinner, according to
Rosemary Barnes, general chair
man for the affair. Entertainment
will follow, and will be provided by
twirls whose birthdays are not being
celebrated. A special song has been
composed for the occasion, and will
be sung to the accompaniment of
Octavia Pratt's accordion music.
Crystal bulls, candle light, and
signs of the zodiac will give a festive
air to the dining room of Roble to
night, when the annual birthday
dinner will be held. All girls hav
ing birthdays in fall or winter quar
ter have been sent invitations in
cluding a personal horoscope and
their particular sign of the zodiac.
The meal will begin with hors
d'oeuvres and cigarettes will be
passed after dinner, according to
Rosemary Barnes, general chair
man for the affair. Entertainment
will follow, and will be provided by
twirls whose birthdays are not being
celebrated. A special song has been
composed for the occasion, and will
be sung to the accompaniment of
Octavia Pratt's accordion music.
Crystal bulls, candle light, and
signs of the zodiac will give a festive
air to the dining room of Roble to
night, when the annual birthday
dinner will be held. All girls hav
ing birthdays in fall or winter quar
ter have been sent invitations in
cluding a personal horoscope and
their particular sign of the zodiac.
The meal will begin with hors
d'oeuvres and cigarettes will be
passed after dinner, according to
Rosemary Barnes, general chair
man for the affair. Entertainment
will follow, and will be provided by
twirls whose birthdays are not being
celebrated. A special song has been
composed for the occasion, and will
be sung to the accompaniment of
Octavia Pratt's accordion music.
Crystal bulls, candle light, and
signs of the zodiac will give a festive
air to the dining room of Roble to
night, when the annual birthday
dinner will be held. All girls hav
ing birthdays in fall or winter quar
ter have been sent invitations in
cluding a personal horoscope and
their particular sign of the zodiac.
The meal will begin with hors
d'oeuvres and cigarettes will be
passed after dinner, according to
Rosemary Barnes, general chair
man for the affair. Entertainment
will follow, and will be provided by
twirls whose birthdays are not being
celebrated. A special song has been
composed for the occasion, and will
be sung to the accompaniment of
Octavia Pratt's accordion music.
Crystal bulls, candle light, and
signs of the zodiac will give a festive
air to the dining room of Roble to
night, when the annual birthday
dinner will be held. All girls hav
ing birthdays in fall or winter quar
ter have been sent invitations in
cluding a personal horoscope and
their particular sign of the zodiac.
The meal will begin with hors
d'oeuvres and cigarettes will be
passed after dinner, according to
Rosemary Barnes, general chair
man for the affair. Entertainment
will follow, and will be provided by
twirls whose birthdays are not being
celebrated. A special song has been
composed for the occasion, and will
be sung to the accompaniment of
Octavia Pratt's accordion music.
Crystal bulls, candle light, and
signs of the zodiac will give a festive
air to the dining room of Roble to
night, when the annual birthday
dinner will be held. All girls hav
ing birthdays in fall or winter quar
ter have been sent invitations in
cluding a personal horoscope and
their particular sign of the zodiac.
The meal will begin with hors
d'oeuvres and cigarettes will be
passed after dinner, according to
Rosemary Barnes, general chair
man for the affair. Entertainment
will follow, and will be provided by
twirls whose birthdays are not being
celebrated. A special song has been
composed for the occasion, and will
be sung to the accompaniment of
Octavia Pratt's accordion music.
Crystal bulls, candle light, and
signs of the zodiac will give a festive
air to the dining room of Roble to
night, when the annual birthday
dinner will be held. All girls hav
ing birthdays in fall or winter quar
ter have been sent invitations in
cluding a personal horoscope and
their particular sign of the zodiac.
The meal will begin with hors
d'oeuvres and cigarettes will be
passed after dinner, according to
Rosemary Barnes, general chair
man for the affair. Entertainment
will follow, and will be provided by
twirls whose birthdays are not being
celebrated. A special song has been
composed for the occasion, and will
be sung to the accompaniment of
Octavia Pratt's accordion music.
Crystal bulls, candle light, and
signs of the zodiac will give a festive
air to the dining room of Roble to
night, when the annual birthday
dinner will be held. All girls hav
ing birthdays in fall or winter quar
ter have been sent invitations in
cluding a personal horoscope and
their particular sign of the zodiac.
The meal will begin with hors
d'oeuvres and cigarettes will be
passed after dinner, according to
Rosemary Barnes, general chair
man for the affair. Entertainment
will follow, and will be provided by
twirls whose birthdays are not being
celebrated. A special song has been
composed for the occasion, and will
be sung to the accompaniment of
Octavia Pratt's accordion music.
Crystal bulls, candle light, and
signs of the zodiac will give a festive
air to the dining room of Roble to
night, when the annual birthday
dinner will be held. All girls hav
ing birthdays in fall or winter quar
ter have been sent invitations in
cluding a personal horoscope and
their particular sign of the zodiac.
The meal will begin with hors
d'oeuvres and cigarettes will be
passed after dinner, according to
Rosemary Barnes, general chair
man for the affair. Entertainment
will follow, and will be provided by
twirls whose birthdays are not being
celebrated. A special song has been
composed for the occasion, and will
be sung to the accompaniment of
Octavia Pratt's accordion music.
Crystal bulls, candle light, and
signs of the zodiac will give a festive
air to the dining room of Roble to
night, when the annual birthday
dinner will be held. All girls hav
ing birthdays in fall or winter quar
ter have been sent invitations in
cluding a personal horoscope and
their particular sign of the zodiac.
The meal will begin with hors
d'oeuvres and cigarettes will be
passed after dinner, according to
Rosemary Barnes, general chair
man for the affair. Entertainment
will follow, and will be provided by
twirls whose birthdays are not being
celebrated. A special song has been
composed for the occasion, and will
be sung to the accompaniment of
Octavia Pratt's accordion music.
Crystal bulls, candle light, and
signs of the zodiac will give a festive
air to the dining room of Roble to
night, when the annual birthday
dinner will be held. All girls hav
ing birthdays in fall or winter quar
ter have been sent invitations in
cluding a personal horoscope and
their particular sign of the zodiac.
The meal will begin with hors
d'oeuvres and cigarettes will be
passed after dinner, according to
Rosemary Barnes, general chair
man for the affair. Entertainment
will follow, and will be provided by
twirls whose birthdays are not being
celebrated. A special song has been
composed for the occasion, and will
be sung to the accompaniment of
Octavia Pratt's accordion music.
Crystal bulls, candle light, and
signs of the zodiac will give a festive
air to the dining room of Roble to
night, when the annual birthday
dinner will be held. All girls hav
ing birthdays in fall or winter quar
ter have been sent invitations in
cluding a personal horoscope and
their particular sign of the zodiac.
The meal will begin with hors
d'oeuvres and cigarettes will be
passed after dinner, according to
Rosemary Barnes, general chair
man for the affair. Entertainment
will follow, and will be provided by
twirls whose birthdays are not being
celebrated. A special song has been
composed for the occasion, and will
be sung to the accompaniment of
Octavia Pratt's accordion music.
Crystal bulls, candle light, and
signs of the zodiac will give a festive
air to the dining room of Roble to
night, when the annual birthday
dinner will be held. All girls hav
ing birthdays in fall or winter quar
ter have been sent invitations in
cluding a personal horoscope and
their particular sign of the zodiac.
The meal will begin with hors
d'oeuvres and cigarettes will be
passed after dinner, according to
Rosemary Barnes, general chair
man for the affair. Entertainment
will follow, and will be provided by
twirls whose birthdays are not being
celebrated. A special song has been
composed for the occasion, and will
be sung to the accompaniment of
Octavia Pratt's accordion music.
Crystal bulls, candle light, and
signs of the zodiac will give a festive
air to the dining room of Roble to
night, when the annual birthday
dinner will be held. All girls hav
ing birthdays in fall or winter quar
ter have been sent invitations in
cluding a personal horoscope and
their particular sign of the zodiac.
The meal will begin with hors
d'oeuvres and cigarettes will be
passed after dinner, according to
Rosemary Barnes, general chair
man for the affair. Entertainment
will follow, and will be provided by
twirls whose birthdays are not being
celebrated. A special song has been
composed for the occasion, and will
be sung to the accompaniment of
Octavia Pratt's accordion music.
