# Grad Men Invited To Knoll Dance
## 
### 
Every veteran now attending Stan
ford and all graduate men are in
vited to attend a dance to be given
by Juniper Lodge, Hilltop House, and
the Knoll this Saturday night from
3:.'io to 12 midnight at the Knoll.
The three houses sponsoring the
affair are all for graduate? women.
Couples will dance to record music
and refreshments will be served.
Every veteran now attending Stan
ford and all graduate men are in
vited to attend a dance to be given
by Juniper Lodge, Hilltop House, and
the Knoll this Saturday night from
3:.'io to 12 midnight at the Knoll.
The three houses sponsoring the
affair are all for graduate? women.
Couples will dance to record music
and refreshments will be served.
Every veteran now attending Stan
ford and all graduate men are in
vited to attend a dance to be given
by Juniper Lodge, Hilltop House, and
the Knoll this Saturday night from
3:.'io to 12 midnight at the Knoll.
The three houses sponsoring the
affair are all for graduate? women.
Couples will dance to record music
and refreshments will be served.
Every veteran now attending Stan
ford and all graduate men are in
vited to attend a dance to be given
by Juniper Lodge, Hilltop House, and
the Knoll this Saturday night from
3:.'io to 12 midnight at the Knoll.
The three houses sponsoring the
affair are all for graduate? women.
Couples will dance to record music
and refreshments will be served.
Every veteran now attending Stan
ford and all graduate men are in
vited to attend a dance to be given
by Juniper Lodge, Hilltop House, and
the Knoll this Saturday night from
3:.'io to 12 midnight at the Knoll.
The three houses sponsoring the
affair are all for graduate? women.
Couples will dance to record music
and refreshments will be served.
Every veteran now attending Stan
ford and all graduate men are in
vited to attend a dance to be given
by Juniper Lodge, Hilltop House, and
the Knoll this Saturday night from
3:.'io to 12 midnight at the Knoll.
The three houses sponsoring the
affair are all for graduate? women.
Couples will dance to record music
and refreshments will be served.
Every veteran now attending Stan
ford and all graduate men are in
vited to attend a dance to be given
by Juniper Lodge, Hilltop House, and
the Knoll this Saturday night from
3:.'io to 12 midnight at the Knoll.
The three houses sponsoring the
affair are all for graduate? women.
Couples will dance to record music
and refreshments will be served.
Every veteran now attending Stan
ford and all graduate men are in
vited to attend a dance to be given
by Juniper Lodge, Hilltop House, and
the Knoll this Saturday night from
3:.'io to 12 midnight at the Knoll.
The three houses sponsoring the
affair are all for graduate? women.
Couples will dance to record music
and refreshments will be served.
Every veteran now attending Stan
ford and all graduate men are in
vited to attend a dance to be given
by Juniper Lodge, Hilltop House, and
the Knoll this Saturday night from
3:.'io to 12 midnight at the Knoll.
The three houses sponsoring the
affair are all for graduate? women.
Couples will dance to record music
and refreshments will be served.
Every veteran now attending Stan
ford and all graduate men are in
vited to attend a dance to be given
by Juniper Lodge, Hilltop House, and
the Knoll this Saturday night from
3:.'io to 12 midnight at the Knoll.
The three houses sponsoring the
affair are all for graduate? women.
Couples will dance to record music
and refreshments will be served.
Every veteran now attending Stan
ford and all graduate men are in
vited to attend a dance to be given
by Juniper Lodge, Hilltop House, and
the Knoll this Saturday night from
3:.'io to 12 midnight at the Knoll.
The three houses sponsoring the
affair are all for graduate? women.
Couples will dance to record music
and refreshments will be served.
Every veteran now attending Stan
ford and all graduate men are in
vited to attend a dance to be given
by Juniper Lodge, Hilltop House, and
the Knoll this Saturday night from
3:.'io to 12 midnight at the Knoll.
The three houses sponsoring the
affair are all for graduate? women.
Couples will dance to record music
and refreshments will be served.
Every veteran now attending Stan
ford and all graduate men are in
vited to attend a dance to be given
by Juniper Lodge, Hilltop House, and
the Knoll this Saturday night from
3:.'io to 12 midnight at the Knoll.
The three houses sponsoring the
affair are all for graduate? women.
Couples will dance to record music
and refreshments will be served.
Every veteran now attending Stan
ford and all graduate men are in
vited to attend a dance to be given
by Juniper Lodge, Hilltop House, and
the Knoll this Saturday night from
3:.'io to 12 midnight at the Knoll.
The three houses sponsoring the
affair are all for graduate? women.
Couples will dance to record music
and refreshments will be served.
Every veteran now attending Stan
ford and all graduate men are in
vited to attend a dance to be given
by Juniper Lodge, Hilltop House, and
the Knoll this Saturday night from
3:.'io to 12 midnight at the Knoll.
The three houses sponsoring the
affair are all for graduate? women.
Couples will dance to record music
and refreshments will be served.
