# DEFENDS DEMOBILIZATION
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28 (UP).—
Secretary of War Robert P. Patter
son, stoutly defending »h? army's
demobilization program, said today
he hoped th;it some minor overseas
theaters could be evacuated com
pletely in the next few months.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28 (UP).—
Secretary of War Robert P. Patter
son, stoutly defending »h? army's
demobilization program, said today
he hoped th;it some minor overseas
theaters could be evacuated com
pletely in the next few months.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28 (UP).—
Secretary of War Robert P. Patter
son, stoutly defending »h? army's
demobilization program, said today
he hoped th;it some minor overseas
theaters could be evacuated com
pletely in the next few months.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28 (UP).—
Secretary of War Robert P. Patter
son, stoutly defending »h? army's
demobilization program, said today
he hoped th;it some minor overseas
theaters could be evacuated com
pletely in the next few months.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28 (UP).—
Secretary of War Robert P. Patter
son, stoutly defending »h? army's
demobilization program, said today
he hoped th;it some minor overseas
theaters could be evacuated com
pletely in the next few months.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28 (UP).—
Secretary of War Robert P. Patter
son, stoutly defending »h? army's
demobilization program, said today
he hoped th;it some minor overseas
theaters could be evacuated com
pletely in the next few months.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28 (UP).—
Secretary of War Robert P. Patter
son, stoutly defending »h? army's
demobilization program, said today
he hoped th;it some minor overseas
theaters could be evacuated com
pletely in the next few months.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28 (UP).—
Secretary of War Robert P. Patter
son, stoutly defending »h? army's
demobilization program, said today
he hoped th;it some minor overseas
theaters could be evacuated com
pletely in the next few months.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28 (UP).—
Secretary of War Robert P. Patter
son, stoutly defending »h? army's
demobilization program, said today
he hoped th;it some minor overseas
theaters could be evacuated com
pletely in the next few months.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28 (UP).—
Secretary of War Robert P. Patter
son, stoutly defending »h? army's
demobilization program, said today
he hoped th;it some minor overseas
theaters could be evacuated com
pletely in the next few months.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28 (UP).—
Secretary of War Robert P. Patter
son, stoutly defending »h? army's
demobilization program, said today
he hoped th;it some minor overseas
theaters could be evacuated com
pletely in the next few months.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28 (UP).—
Secretary of War Robert P. Patter
son, stoutly defending »h? army's
demobilization program, said today
he hoped th;it some minor overseas
theaters could be evacuated com
pletely in the next few months.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28 (UP).—
Secretary of War Robert P. Patter
son, stoutly defending »h? army's
demobilization program, said today
he hoped th;it some minor overseas
theaters could be evacuated com
pletely in the next few months.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28 (UP).—
Secretary of War Robert P. Patter
son, stoutly defending »h? army's
demobilization program, said today
he hoped th;it some minor overseas
theaters could be evacuated com
pletely in the next few months.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 28 (UP).—
Secretary of War Robert P. Patter
son, stoutly defending »h? army's
demobilization program, said today
he hoped th;it some minor overseas
theaters could be evacuated com
pletely in the next few months.
