# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Ernest Pagano, Paramount script
writer, christened his estate El
Rancho Costa Mucha.
Ernest Pagano, Paramount script
writer, christened his estate El
Rancho Costa Mucha.
Ernest Pagano, Paramount script
writer, christened his estate El
Rancho Costa Mucha.
Ernest Pagano, Paramount script
writer, christened his estate El
Rancho Costa Mucha.
Ernest Pagano, Paramount script
writer, christened his estate El
Rancho Costa Mucha.
Ernest Pagano, Paramount script
writer, christened his estate El
Rancho Costa Mucha.
Ernest Pagano, Paramount script
writer, christened his estate El
Rancho Costa Mucha.
Ernest Pagano, Paramount script
writer, christened his estate El
Rancho Costa Mucha.
Ernest Pagano, Paramount script
writer, christened his estate El
Rancho Costa Mucha.
Ernest Pagano, Paramount script
writer, christened his estate El
Rancho Costa Mucha.
Ernest Pagano, Paramount script
writer, christened his estate El
Rancho Costa Mucha.
Ernest Pagano, Paramount script
writer, christened his estate El
Rancho Costa Mucha.
Ernest Pagano, Paramount script
writer, christened his estate El
Rancho Costa Mucha.
Ernest Pagano, Paramount script
writer, christened his estate El
Rancho Costa Mucha.
Ernest Pagano, Paramount script
writer, christened his estate El
Rancho Costa Mucha.
