# Lecture on Forgery.
## 
### 
Carl Eisenschimel, the hand
writing expert, gave a lecture on
"Forgery and Detection" yesterday
afternoon to an audience of about
one hundred and fifty. Mr. Eisen
schimel outlined in an interesting
way the manner of forging docu
ments, raising checks, and imitat
ing handwriting, drawing the data
for his lecture from the famous
forgery cases in the history of Cal
ifornia criminal law. He devoted
some time to the work of Carl
Becker the "Princeof Forgers." He
showed how Becker, raised a draft
for $12 to $22,000, and then showed
the method of his detection. Mr.
Eisenschimel contributed some
general observations, the result of
forty-five years experience, on the
nature of handwriting and the
practical impossibility of conceal
ing individuality when attempting
to forge the writing of another.
