# Berkeley Women Tennis Champions.
## 
### 
The finals in the women's tennis
tournament at the University of
California were held yesterday.
The following were the winners of
the class- championships: Miss
Rachel Steele, '03; Miss Rose Mos
kowitz, '04; Miss Gladys Wickson,
'05; and Miss Helen F. Weeks, '06.
Miss Ratcliff, '05, and Miss Weeks
played for the college champion
ship, and the victory rested with
Miss Ratcliff, who defeated Miss
Weeks easilv by the scores of 6-0,
6-1,6-2.
The Berkeley correspondent of
the Chronicle states that Miss Rat
cliff and Miss Weeks have been se
lected to represent the State Uni
versity in a doubles contest to be
held on the Roble courts April
10th. The correspondent adds that
the Stanford women tennis players
object to playing singles. This is
not true. The Stanford players
early informed the California
women that they wanted to play
singles. All their practice has
been for a contest in singles, and it
is impossible to make any change
in the plans now.
