# Adv. 46 Page 13
## 
### 
SERVICES
SHMOOVER MOOVERS * Licensed
Insured Furniture Moving 327-5493
SUBJECTS WANTED
The experimental economics lab
at HP recruits participants for
decision making experiments.
Play economic games and make up
to $150 in an afternoon. E-mail
w?nlab@ewh,hpl.hp-wm or call
Joann Becker at 857-7794 to sign
up for our mailing list. We send
broadcast email when recruiting,
then you can enroll.
Pay Any Bill With Your
Credit Card!! Rent, Mortgage,
Insurance, Utilities, Other
Credit Bills, Just About
Anything You Can Imagine.
1.845.291.7189
The Stanford Univ Dept of
Dermatology is studying effects
of new acne treatments in indiv
over age 12 w/moderate acne
Participation lasts 12 wks & req
clinic visits at the study site
Patients will be compensated for
participation. Please contact
650-724-7035 or email us
