# MISS BOEZINGER RETURNS
## 
### 
Miss Olivia Boezinger has returned
from her vacation at Blue Lakes, in
Lake county, and resumed her duties
as secretaray to the Dean of Women
yesterday morning. Miss Mildred
Worswick acted in Miss Boezinger's
place while she was away during the
month of July.

About twenty members of the men's
summer swimming classes at the Uni
versity of California received Red
Cross Life Saving Corps certificates
recently.
Miss Olivia Boezinger has returned
from her vacation at Blue Lakes, in
Lake county, and resumed her duties
as secretaray to the Dean of Women
yesterday morning. Miss Mildred
Worswick acted in Miss Boezinger's
place while she was away during the
month of July.

About twenty members of the men's
summer swimming classes at the Uni
versity of California received Red
Cross Life Saving Corps certificates
recently.
Miss Olivia Boezinger has returned
from her vacation at Blue Lakes, in
Lake county, and resumed her duties
as secretaray to the Dean of Women
yesterday morning. Miss Mildred
Worswick acted in Miss Boezinger's
place while she was away during the
month of July.

About twenty members of the men's
summer swimming classes at the Uni
versity of California received Red
Cross Life Saving Corps certificates
recently.
Miss Olivia Boezinger has returned
from her vacation at Blue Lakes, in
Lake county, and resumed her duties
as secretaray to the Dean of Women
yesterday morning. Miss Mildred
Worswick acted in Miss Boezinger's
place while she was away during the
month of July.

About twenty members of the men's
summer swimming classes at the Uni
versity of California received Red
Cross Life Saving Corps certificates
recently.
Miss Olivia Boezinger has returned
from her vacation at Blue Lakes, in
Lake county, and resumed her duties
as secretaray to the Dean of Women
yesterday morning. Miss Mildred
Worswick acted in Miss Boezinger's
place while she was away during the
month of July.

About twenty members of the men's
summer swimming classes at the Uni
versity of California received Red
Cross Life Saving Corps certificates
recently.
Miss Olivia Boezinger has returned
from her vacation at Blue Lakes, in
Lake county, and resumed her duties
as secretaray to the Dean of Women
yesterday morning. Miss Mildred
Worswick acted in Miss Boezinger's
place while she was away during the
month of July.

About twenty members of the men's
summer swimming classes at the Uni
versity of California received Red
Cross Life Saving Corps certificates
recently.
Miss Olivia Boezinger has returned
from her vacation at Blue Lakes, in
Lake county, and resumed her duties
as secretaray to the Dean of Women
yesterday morning. Miss Mildred
Worswick acted in Miss Boezinger's
place while she was away during the
month of July.

About twenty members of the men's
summer swimming classes at the Uni
versity of California received Red
Cross Life Saving Corps certificates
recently.
Miss Olivia Boezinger has returned
from her vacation at Blue Lakes, in
Lake county, and resumed her duties
as secretaray to the Dean of Women
yesterday morning. Miss Mildred
Worswick acted in Miss Boezinger's
place while she was away during the
month of July.

About twenty members of the men's
summer swimming classes at the Uni
versity of California received Red
Cross Life Saving Corps certificates
recently.
Miss Olivia Boezinger has returned
from her vacation at Blue Lakes, in
Lake county, and resumed her duties
as secretaray to the Dean of Women
yesterday morning. Miss Mildred
Worswick acted in Miss Boezinger's
place while she was away during the
month of July.

About twenty members of the men's
summer swimming classes at the Uni
versity of California received Red
Cross Life Saving Corps certificates
recently.
Miss Olivia Boezinger has returned
from her vacation at Blue Lakes, in
Lake county, and resumed her duties
as secretaray to the Dean of Women
yesterday morning. Miss Mildred
Worswick acted in Miss Boezinger's
place while she was away during the
month of July.

About twenty members of the men's
summer swimming classes at the Uni
versity of California received Red
Cross Life Saving Corps certificates
recently.
Miss Olivia Boezinger has returned
from her vacation at Blue Lakes, in
Lake county, and resumed her duties
as secretaray to the Dean of Women
yesterday morning. Miss Mildred
Worswick acted in Miss Boezinger's
place while she was away during the
month of July.

About twenty members of the men's
summer swimming classes at the Uni
versity of California received Red
Cross Life Saving Corps certificates
recently.
Miss Olivia Boezinger has returned
from her vacation at Blue Lakes, in
Lake county, and resumed her duties
as secretaray to the Dean of Women
yesterday morning. Miss Mildred
Worswick acted in Miss Boezinger's
place while she was away during the
month of July.

About twenty members of the men's
summer swimming classes at the Uni
versity of California received Red
Cross Life Saving Corps certificates
recently.
Miss Olivia Boezinger has returned
from her vacation at Blue Lakes, in
Lake county, and resumed her duties
as secretaray to the Dean of Women
yesterday morning. Miss Mildred
Worswick acted in Miss Boezinger's
place while she was away during the
month of July.

About twenty members of the men's
summer swimming classes at the Uni
versity of California received Red
Cross Life Saving Corps certificates
recently.
Miss Olivia Boezinger has returned
from her vacation at Blue Lakes, in
Lake county, and resumed her duties
as secretaray to the Dean of Women
yesterday morning. Miss Mildred
Worswick acted in Miss Boezinger's
place while she was away during the
month of July.

About twenty members of the men's
summer swimming classes at the Uni
versity of California received Red
Cross Life Saving Corps certificates
recently.
