# STANFORD DAMES TO MEET
## 
### 
The Stanford Dames will hold a
meeting Thursday afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program un
der the direction of Mrs. Clarke.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
meeting Thursday afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program un
der the direction of Mrs. Clarke.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
meeting Thursday afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program un
der the direction of Mrs. Clarke.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
meeting Thursday afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program un
der the direction of Mrs. Clarke.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
meeting Thursday afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program un
der the direction of Mrs. Clarke.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
meeting Thursday afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program un
der the direction of Mrs. Clarke.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
meeting Thursday afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program un
der the direction of Mrs. Clarke.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
meeting Thursday afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program un
der the direction of Mrs. Clarke.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
meeting Thursday afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program un
der the direction of Mrs. Clarke.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
meeting Thursday afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program un
der the direction of Mrs. Clarke.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
meeting Thursday afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program un
der the direction of Mrs. Clarke.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
meeting Thursday afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program un
der the direction of Mrs. Clarke.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
meeting Thursday afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program un
der the direction of Mrs. Clarke.
The Stanford Dames will hold a
meeting Thursday afternoon at 3
o'clock in the Women's Clubhouse.
There will be a musical program un
der the direction of Mrs. Clarke.
