# BANQUET IN HONOR OF VISITING PROFESSORS
## 
### 
The law association will be host to
the visiting professors of the Law
Department at a banquet to be given
at the Union on the evening of Au
gust 4.
The banquet is an annual affair. The
committee in charge this year con
sists of Kenneth Ramsay, James E.
Brenner, Richard M. Fennemore, and
Stanley Howell. The guest professors
are: Ralph William Aigler, James Wig
gins Simonton, William Green Hale,
and R. Justin Miller.
The law association will be host to
the visiting professors of the Law
Department at a banquet to be given
at the Union on the evening of Au
gust 4.
The banquet is an annual affair. The
committee in charge this year con
sists of Kenneth Ramsay, James E.
Brenner, Richard M. Fennemore, and
Stanley Howell. The guest professors
are: Ralph William Aigler, James Wig
gins Simonton, William Green Hale,
and R. Justin Miller.
The law association will be host to
the visiting professors of the Law
Department at a banquet to be given
at the Union on the evening of Au
gust 4.
The banquet is an annual affair. The
committee in charge this year con
sists of Kenneth Ramsay, James E.
Brenner, Richard M. Fennemore, and
Stanley Howell. The guest professors
are: Ralph William Aigler, James Wig
gins Simonton, William Green Hale,
and R. Justin Miller.
The law association will be host to
the visiting professors of the Law
Department at a banquet to be given
at the Union on the evening of Au
gust 4.
The banquet is an annual affair. The
committee in charge this year con
sists of Kenneth Ramsay, James E.
Brenner, Richard M. Fennemore, and
Stanley Howell. The guest professors
are: Ralph William Aigler, James Wig
gins Simonton, William Green Hale,
and R. Justin Miller.
The law association will be host to
the visiting professors of the Law
Department at a banquet to be given
at the Union on the evening of Au
gust 4.
The banquet is an annual affair. The
committee in charge this year con
sists of Kenneth Ramsay, James E.
Brenner, Richard M. Fennemore, and
Stanley Howell. The guest professors
are: Ralph William Aigler, James Wig
gins Simonton, William Green Hale,
and R. Justin Miller.
The law association will be host to
the visiting professors of the Law
Department at a banquet to be given
at the Union on the evening of Au
gust 4.
The banquet is an annual affair. The
committee in charge this year con
sists of Kenneth Ramsay, James E.
Brenner, Richard M. Fennemore, and
Stanley Howell. The guest professors
are: Ralph William Aigler, James Wig
gins Simonton, William Green Hale,
and R. Justin Miller.
The law association will be host to
the visiting professors of the Law
Department at a banquet to be given
at the Union on the evening of Au
gust 4.
The banquet is an annual affair. The
committee in charge this year con
sists of Kenneth Ramsay, James E.
Brenner, Richard M. Fennemore, and
Stanley Howell. The guest professors
are: Ralph William Aigler, James Wig
gins Simonton, William Green Hale,
and R. Justin Miller.
The law association will be host to
the visiting professors of the Law
Department at a banquet to be given
at the Union on the evening of Au
gust 4.
The banquet is an annual affair. The
committee in charge this year con
sists of Kenneth Ramsay, James E.
Brenner, Richard M. Fennemore, and
Stanley Howell. The guest professors
are: Ralph William Aigler, James Wig
gins Simonton, William Green Hale,
and R. Justin Miller.
The law association will be host to
the visiting professors of the Law
Department at a banquet to be given
at the Union on the evening of Au
gust 4.
The banquet is an annual affair. The
committee in charge this year con
sists of Kenneth Ramsay, James E.
Brenner, Richard M. Fennemore, and
Stanley Howell. The guest professors
are: Ralph William Aigler, James Wig
gins Simonton, William Green Hale,
and R. Justin Miller.
The law association will be host to
the visiting professors of the Law
Department at a banquet to be given
at the Union on the evening of Au
gust 4.
The banquet is an annual affair. The
committee in charge this year con
sists of Kenneth Ramsay, James E.
Brenner, Richard M. Fennemore, and
Stanley Howell. The guest professors
are: Ralph William Aigler, James Wig
gins Simonton, William Green Hale,
and R. Justin Miller.
The law association will be host to
the visiting professors of the Law
Department at a banquet to be given
at the Union on the evening of Au
gust 4.
The banquet is an annual affair. The
committee in charge this year con
sists of Kenneth Ramsay, James E.
Brenner, Richard M. Fennemore, and
Stanley Howell. The guest professors
are: Ralph William Aigler, James Wig
gins Simonton, William Green Hale,
and R. Justin Miller.
The law association will be host to
the visiting professors of the Law
Department at a banquet to be given
at the Union on the evening of Au
gust 4.
The banquet is an annual affair. The
committee in charge this year con
sists of Kenneth Ramsay, James E.
Brenner, Richard M. Fennemore, and
Stanley Howell. The guest professors
are: Ralph William Aigler, James Wig
gins Simonton, William Green Hale,
and R. Justin Miller.
The law association will be host to
the visiting professors of the Law
Department at a banquet to be given
at the Union on the evening of Au
gust 4.
The banquet is an annual affair. The
committee in charge this year con
sists of Kenneth Ramsay, James E.
Brenner, Richard M. Fennemore, and
Stanley Howell. The guest professors
are: Ralph William Aigler, James Wig
gins Simonton, William Green Hale,
and R. Justin Miller.
The law association will be host to
the visiting professors of the Law
Department at a banquet to be given
at the Union on the evening of Au
gust 4.
The banquet is an annual affair. The
committee in charge this year con
sists of Kenneth Ramsay, James E.
Brenner, Richard M. Fennemore, and
Stanley Howell. The guest professors
are: Ralph William Aigler, James Wig
gins Simonton, William Green Hale,
and R. Justin Miller.
