# Untitled Article
## 
### 

RICHARD V. KEANE, Australian
minister for trade and customs,
arrived in Los Angeles last week
for conferences with U. S. Gov
ernment officials on rationing,
lend-lease, and production prob
elins. Said lieane, "Ihe American
soldier left only golden memories
in the minds of the Australians,"
and that he hoped many would re
turn after the war.

RICHARD V. KEANE, Australian
minister for trade and customs,
arrived in Los Angeles last week
for conferences with U. S. Gov
ernment officials on rationing,
lend-lease, and production prob
elins. Said lieane, "Ihe American
soldier left only golden memories
in the minds of the Australians,"
and that he hoped many would re
turn after the war.

RICHARD V. KEANE, Australian
minister for trade and customs,
arrived in Los Angeles last week
for conferences with U. S. Gov
ernment officials on rationing,
lend-lease, and production prob
elins. Said lieane, "Ihe American
soldier left only golden memories
in the minds of the Australians,"
and that he hoped many would re
turn after the war.

RICHARD V. KEANE, Australian
minister for trade and customs,
arrived in Los Angeles last week
for conferences with U. S. Gov
ernment officials on rationing,
lend-lease, and production prob
elins. Said lieane, "Ihe American
soldier left only golden memories
in the minds of the Australians,"
and that he hoped many would re
turn after the war.

RICHARD V. KEANE, Australian
minister for trade and customs,
arrived in Los Angeles last week
for conferences with U. S. Gov
ernment officials on rationing,
lend-lease, and production prob
elins. Said lieane, "Ihe American
soldier left only golden memories
in the minds of the Australians,"
and that he hoped many would re
turn after the war.

RICHARD V. KEANE, Australian
minister for trade and customs,
arrived in Los Angeles last week
for conferences with U. S. Gov
ernment officials on rationing,
lend-lease, and production prob
elins. Said lieane, "Ihe American
soldier left only golden memories
in the minds of the Australians,"
and that he hoped many would re
turn after the war.

RICHARD V. KEANE, Australian
minister for trade and customs,
arrived in Los Angeles last week
for conferences with U. S. Gov
ernment officials on rationing,
lend-lease, and production prob
elins. Said lieane, "Ihe American
soldier left only golden memories
in the minds of the Australians,"
and that he hoped many would re
turn after the war.

RICHARD V. KEANE, Australian
minister for trade and customs,
arrived in Los Angeles last week
for conferences with U. S. Gov
ernment officials on rationing,
lend-lease, and production prob
elins. Said lieane, "Ihe American
soldier left only golden memories
in the minds of the Australians,"
and that he hoped many would re
turn after the war.

RICHARD V. KEANE, Australian
minister for trade and customs,
arrived in Los Angeles last week
for conferences with U. S. Gov
ernment officials on rationing,
lend-lease, and production prob
elins. Said lieane, "Ihe American
soldier left only golden memories
in the minds of the Australians,"
and that he hoped many would re
turn after the war.

RICHARD V. KEANE, Australian
minister for trade and customs,
arrived in Los Angeles last week
for conferences with U. S. Gov
ernment officials on rationing,
lend-lease, and production prob
elins. Said lieane, "Ihe American
soldier left only golden memories
in the minds of the Australians,"
and that he hoped many would re
turn after the war.

RICHARD V. KEANE, Australian
minister for trade and customs,
arrived in Los Angeles last week
for conferences with U. S. Gov
ernment officials on rationing,
lend-lease, and production prob
elins. Said lieane, "Ihe American
soldier left only golden memories
in the minds of the Australians,"
and that he hoped many would re
turn after the war.

RICHARD V. KEANE, Australian
minister for trade and customs,
arrived in Los Angeles last week
for conferences with U. S. Gov
ernment officials on rationing,
lend-lease, and production prob
elins. Said lieane, "Ihe American
soldier left only golden memories
in the minds of the Australians,"
and that he hoped many would re
turn after the war.

RICHARD V. KEANE, Australian
minister for trade and customs,
arrived in Los Angeles last week
for conferences with U. S. Gov
ernment officials on rationing,
lend-lease, and production prob
elins. Said lieane, "Ihe American
soldier left only golden memories
in the minds of the Australians,"
and that he hoped many would re
turn after the war.

RICHARD V. KEANE, Australian
minister for trade and customs,
arrived in Los Angeles last week
for conferences with U. S. Gov
ernment officials on rationing,
lend-lease, and production prob
elins. Said lieane, "Ihe American
soldier left only golden memories
in the minds of the Australians,"
and that he hoped many would re
turn after the war.

RICHARD V. KEANE, Australian
minister for trade and customs,
arrived in Los Angeles last week
for conferences with U. S. Gov
ernment officials on rationing,
lend-lease, and production prob
elins. Said lieane, "Ihe American
soldier left only golden memories
in the minds of the Australians,"
and that he hoped many would re
turn after the war.

RICHARD V. KEANE, Australian
minister for trade and customs,
arrived in Los Angeles last week
for conferences with U. S. Gov
ernment officials on rationing,
lend-lease, and production prob
elins. Said lieane, "Ihe American
soldier left only golden memories
in the minds of the Australians,"
and that he hoped many would re
turn after the war.

RICHARD V. KEANE, Australian
minister for trade and customs,
arrived in Los Angeles last week
for conferences with U. S. Gov
ernment officials on rationing,
lend-lease, and production prob
elins. Said lieane, "Ihe American
soldier left only golden memories
in the minds of the Australians,"
and that he hoped many would re
turn after the war.
