# 'Potato' Is Topic Of Brandt Speech
## 
### 
South America's chief contribution
to the food of the world has been
the potato, according to Dr. Karl
Brandt, professor of Agriculture and
Economics, who lectured last night
at the Hispanic World series.
Dr. Brandt, a member of the Food
Research Institute, explained that;
the main value of the South Ameri
can potato lies in its resistance to
frost and its immunity to many
diseases.
Representatives from various na
tions have used the special, lesser
known varieties of the potato found
in the plateau region of South
America for important research, ac
cording to Dr. Brandt.
The speaker added that the varie
ties of the plant which are found or>
this plateau are extraordinary be
cause of their high chromosomal
content, which enables scientists ti
do more comprehensive research.
