# BRANNER ELECTS
## 
### 
In elections held last week at
Branner, Evelyn Reitze was chosen
to represent the hall at Women's
Conference and Patty Robinson, Joan
Bailey, Sally Woodard, Betty Call
ander and Shirley Jardine were
elected corridor representatives to
Branner Excom.
In elections held last week at
Branner, Evelyn Reitze was chosen
to represent the hall at Women's
Conference and Patty Robinson, Joan
Bailey, Sally Woodard, Betty Call
ander and Shirley Jardine were
elected corridor representatives to
Branner Excom.
In elections held last week at
Branner, Evelyn Reitze was chosen
to represent the hall at Women's
Conference and Patty Robinson, Joan
Bailey, Sally Woodard, Betty Call
ander and Shirley Jardine were
elected corridor representatives to
Branner Excom.
In elections held last week at
Branner, Evelyn Reitze was chosen
to represent the hall at Women's
Conference and Patty Robinson, Joan
Bailey, Sally Woodard, Betty Call
ander and Shirley Jardine were
elected corridor representatives to
Branner Excom.
In elections held last week at
Branner, Evelyn Reitze was chosen
to represent the hall at Women's
Conference and Patty Robinson, Joan
Bailey, Sally Woodard, Betty Call
ander and Shirley Jardine were
elected corridor representatives to
Branner Excom.
In elections held last week at
Branner, Evelyn Reitze was chosen
to represent the hall at Women's
Conference and Patty Robinson, Joan
Bailey, Sally Woodard, Betty Call
ander and Shirley Jardine were
elected corridor representatives to
Branner Excom.
In elections held last week at
Branner, Evelyn Reitze was chosen
to represent the hall at Women's
Conference and Patty Robinson, Joan
Bailey, Sally Woodard, Betty Call
ander and Shirley Jardine were
elected corridor representatives to
Branner Excom.
In elections held last week at
Branner, Evelyn Reitze was chosen
to represent the hall at Women's
Conference and Patty Robinson, Joan
Bailey, Sally Woodard, Betty Call
ander and Shirley Jardine were
elected corridor representatives to
Branner Excom.
In elections held last week at
Branner, Evelyn Reitze was chosen
to represent the hall at Women's
Conference and Patty Robinson, Joan
Bailey, Sally Woodard, Betty Call
ander and Shirley Jardine were
elected corridor representatives to
Branner Excom.
In elections held last week at
Branner, Evelyn Reitze was chosen
to represent the hall at Women's
Conference and Patty Robinson, Joan
Bailey, Sally Woodard, Betty Call
ander and Shirley Jardine were
elected corridor representatives to
Branner Excom.
In elections held last week at
Branner, Evelyn Reitze was chosen
to represent the hall at Women's
Conference and Patty Robinson, Joan
Bailey, Sally Woodard, Betty Call
ander and Shirley Jardine were
elected corridor representatives to
Branner Excom.
In elections held last week at
Branner, Evelyn Reitze was chosen
to represent the hall at Women's
Conference and Patty Robinson, Joan
Bailey, Sally Woodard, Betty Call
ander and Shirley Jardine were
elected corridor representatives to
Branner Excom.
In elections held last week at
Branner, Evelyn Reitze was chosen
to represent the hall at Women's
Conference and Patty Robinson, Joan
Bailey, Sally Woodard, Betty Call
ander and Shirley Jardine were
elected corridor representatives to
Branner Excom.
In elections held last week at
Branner, Evelyn Reitze was chosen
to represent the hall at Women's
Conference and Patty Robinson, Joan
Bailey, Sally Woodard, Betty Call
ander and Shirley Jardine were
elected corridor representatives to
Branner Excom.
In elections held last week at
Branner, Evelyn Reitze was chosen
to represent the hall at Women's
Conference and Patty Robinson, Joan
Bailey, Sally Woodard, Betty Call
ander and Shirley Jardine were
elected corridor representatives to
Branner Excom.
In elections held last week at
Branner, Evelyn Reitze was chosen
to represent the hall at Women's
Conference and Patty Robinson, Joan
Bailey, Sally Woodard, Betty Call
ander and Shirley Jardine were
elected corridor representatives to
Branner Excom.
In elections held last week at
Branner, Evelyn Reitze was chosen
to represent the hall at Women's
Conference and Patty Robinson, Joan
Bailey, Sally Woodard, Betty Call
ander and Shirley Jardine were
elected corridor representatives to
Branner Excom.
