# Grand Allied Offensive Breaks
## Greatest Aerial Attack Supports Ground Assault 
### 
Dwight D. Eisenhower opened the
grand winter offensive against Ger
many Thursday, sending armies of
more than 1.500,000 men over the
top on a 400-mile front, behind the
greatest aerial support bombardment
of all time.
Spearheading the drive was the
new U. S. "mystery" Ninth Army,
which promptly smashed up to four
miles across German soil, capturing
five Reich towns after driving
through a breach in the Siegfried
line north of Aachen created by the
United States First Army nearly two
months ago.
The veteran First Army swung in
to Eisenhower's greatest offensive
shoulder-to-shoulder with the Ninth
and four other armies were also
striking with their full might along a
front that rocked and blazed from
historic Arnheim to the Swiss fron
tier.
Under lanky Lieutenant General
William Hood Simpson, the Ninth
Army concentrated its drive along a
nine-mile arc shaped from between
Geilenkirchen and Eschweler, strik
ing in three powerful parallel col
umns—one of armor and two in
fantry—front dispatches said.
Dwight D. Eisenhower opened the
grand winter offensive against Ger
many Thursday, sending armies of
more than 1.500,000 men over the
top on a 400-mile front, behind the
greatest aerial support bombardment
of all time.
Spearheading the drive was the
new U. S. "mystery" Ninth Army,
which promptly smashed up to four
miles across German soil, capturing
five Reich towns after driving
through a breach in the Siegfried
line north of Aachen created by the
United States First Army nearly two
months ago.
The veteran First Army swung in
to Eisenhower's greatest offensive
shoulder-to-shoulder with the Ninth
and four other armies were also
striking with their full might along a
front that rocked and blazed from
historic Arnheim to the Swiss fron
tier.
Under lanky Lieutenant General
William Hood Simpson, the Ninth
Army concentrated its drive along a
nine-mile arc shaped from between
Geilenkirchen and Eschweler, strik
ing in three powerful parallel col
umns—one of armor and two in
fantry—front dispatches said.
Dwight D. Eisenhower opened the
grand winter offensive against Ger
many Thursday, sending armies of
more than 1.500,000 men over the
top on a 400-mile front, behind the
greatest aerial support bombardment
of all time.
Spearheading the drive was the
new U. S. "mystery" Ninth Army,
which promptly smashed up to four
miles across German soil, capturing
five Reich towns after driving
through a breach in the Siegfried
line north of Aachen created by the
United States First Army nearly two
months ago.
The veteran First Army swung in
to Eisenhower's greatest offensive
shoulder-to-shoulder with the Ninth
and four other armies were also
striking with their full might along a
front that rocked and blazed from
historic Arnheim to the Swiss fron
tier.
Under lanky Lieutenant General
William Hood Simpson, the Ninth
Army concentrated its drive along a
nine-mile arc shaped from between
Geilenkirchen and Eschweler, strik
ing in three powerful parallel col
umns—one of armor and two in
fantry—front dispatches said.
Dwight D. Eisenhower opened the
grand winter offensive against Ger
many Thursday, sending armies of
more than 1.500,000 men over the
top on a 400-mile front, behind the
greatest aerial support bombardment
of all time.
Spearheading the drive was the
new U. S. "mystery" Ninth Army,
which promptly smashed up to four
miles across German soil, capturing
five Reich towns after driving
through a breach in the Siegfried
line north of Aachen created by the
United States First Army nearly two
months ago.
The veteran First Army swung in
to Eisenhower's greatest offensive
shoulder-to-shoulder with the Ninth
and four other armies were also
striking with their full might along a
front that rocked and blazed from
historic Arnheim to the Swiss fron
tier.
Under lanky Lieutenant General
William Hood Simpson, the Ninth
Army concentrated its drive along a
nine-mile arc shaped from between
Geilenkirchen and Eschweler, strik
ing in three powerful parallel col
umns—one of armor and two in
fantry—front dispatches said.
Dwight D. Eisenhower opened the
grand winter offensive against Ger
many Thursday, sending armies of
more than 1.500,000 men over the
top on a 400-mile front, behind the
greatest aerial support bombardment
of all time.
Spearheading the drive was the
new U. S. "mystery" Ninth Army,
which promptly smashed up to four
miles across German soil, capturing
five Reich towns after driving
through a breach in the Siegfried
line north of Aachen created by the
United States First Army nearly two
months ago.
The veteran First Army swung in
to Eisenhower's greatest offensive
shoulder-to-shoulder with the Ninth
and four other armies were also
striking with their full might along a
front that rocked and blazed from
historic Arnheim to the Swiss fron
tier.
Under lanky Lieutenant General
William Hood Simpson, the Ninth
Army concentrated its drive along a
nine-mile arc shaped from between
Geilenkirchen and Eschweler, strik
ing in three powerful parallel col
umns—one of armor and two in
fantry—front dispatches said.
Dwight D. Eisenhower opened the
grand winter offensive against Ger
many Thursday, sending armies of
more than 1.500,000 men over the
top on a 400-mile front, behind the
greatest aerial support bombardment
of all time.
Spearheading the drive was the
new U. S. "mystery" Ninth Army,
which promptly smashed up to four
miles across German soil, capturing
five Reich towns after driving
through a breach in the Siegfried
line north of Aachen created by the
United States First Army nearly two
months ago.
The veteran First Army swung in
to Eisenhower's greatest offensive
shoulder-to-shoulder with the Ninth
and four other armies were also
striking with their full might along a
front that rocked and blazed from
historic Arnheim to the Swiss fron
tier.
Under lanky Lieutenant General
William Hood Simpson, the Ninth
Army concentrated its drive along a
nine-mile arc shaped from between
Geilenkirchen and Eschweler, strik
ing in three powerful parallel col
umns—one of armor and two in
fantry—front dispatches said.
Dwight D. Eisenhower opened the
grand winter offensive against Ger
many Thursday, sending armies of
more than 1.500,000 men over the
top on a 400-mile front, behind the
greatest aerial support bombardment
of all time.
Spearheading the drive was the
new U. S. "mystery" Ninth Army,
which promptly smashed up to four
miles across German soil, capturing
five Reich towns after driving
through a breach in the Siegfried
line north of Aachen created by the
United States First Army nearly two
months ago.
The veteran First Army swung in
to Eisenhower's greatest offensive
shoulder-to-shoulder with the Ninth
and four other armies were also
striking with their full might along a
front that rocked and blazed from
historic Arnheim to the Swiss fron
tier.
Under lanky Lieutenant General
William Hood Simpson, the Ninth
Army concentrated its drive along a
nine-mile arc shaped from between
Geilenkirchen and Eschweler, strik
ing in three powerful parallel col
umns—one of armor and two in
fantry—front dispatches said.
Dwight D. Eisenhower opened the
grand winter offensive against Ger
many Thursday, sending armies of
more than 1.500,000 men over the
top on a 400-mile front, behind the
greatest aerial support bombardment
of all time.
Spearheading the drive was the
new U. S. "mystery" Ninth Army,
which promptly smashed up to four
miles across German soil, capturing
five Reich towns after driving
through a breach in the Siegfried
line north of Aachen created by the
United States First Army nearly two
months ago.
The veteran First Army swung in
to Eisenhower's greatest offensive
shoulder-to-shoulder with the Ninth
and four other armies were also
striking with their full might along a
front that rocked and blazed from
historic Arnheim to the Swiss fron
tier.
Under lanky Lieutenant General
William Hood Simpson, the Ninth
Army concentrated its drive along a
nine-mile arc shaped from between
Geilenkirchen and Eschweler, strik
ing in three powerful parallel col
umns—one of armor and two in
fantry—front dispatches said.
Dwight D. Eisenhower opened the
grand winter offensive against Ger
many Thursday, sending armies of
more than 1.500,000 men over the
top on a 400-mile front, behind the
greatest aerial support bombardment
of all time.
Spearheading the drive was the
new U. S. "mystery" Ninth Army,
which promptly smashed up to four
miles across German soil, capturing
five Reich towns after driving
through a breach in the Siegfried
line north of Aachen created by the
United States First Army nearly two
months ago.
The veteran First Army swung in
to Eisenhower's greatest offensive
shoulder-to-shoulder with the Ninth
and four other armies were also
striking with their full might along a
front that rocked and blazed from
historic Arnheim to the Swiss fron
tier.
Under lanky Lieutenant General
William Hood Simpson, the Ninth
Army concentrated its drive along a
nine-mile arc shaped from between
Geilenkirchen and Eschweler, strik
ing in three powerful parallel col
umns—one of armor and two in
fantry—front dispatches said.
Dwight D. Eisenhower opened the
grand winter offensive against Ger
many Thursday, sending armies of
more than 1.500,000 men over the
top on a 400-mile front, behind the
greatest aerial support bombardment
of all time.
Spearheading the drive was the
new U. S. "mystery" Ninth Army,
which promptly smashed up to four
miles across German soil, capturing
five Reich towns after driving
through a breach in the Siegfried
line north of Aachen created by the
United States First Army nearly two
months ago.
The veteran First Army swung in
to Eisenhower's greatest offensive
shoulder-to-shoulder with the Ninth
and four other armies were also
striking with their full might along a
front that rocked and blazed from
historic Arnheim to the Swiss fron
tier.
Under lanky Lieutenant General
William Hood Simpson, the Ninth
Army concentrated its drive along a
nine-mile arc shaped from between
Geilenkirchen and Eschweler, strik
ing in three powerful parallel col
umns—one of armor and two in
fantry—front dispatches said.
Dwight D. Eisenhower opened the
grand winter offensive against Ger
many Thursday, sending armies of
more than 1.500,000 men over the
top on a 400-mile front, behind the
greatest aerial support bombardment
of all time.
Spearheading the drive was the
new U. S. "mystery" Ninth Army,
which promptly smashed up to four
miles across German soil, capturing
five Reich towns after driving
through a breach in the Siegfried
line north of Aachen created by the
United States First Army nearly two
months ago.
The veteran First Army swung in
to Eisenhower's greatest offensive
shoulder-to-shoulder with the Ninth
and four other armies were also
striking with their full might along a
front that rocked and blazed from
historic Arnheim to the Swiss fron
tier.
Under lanky Lieutenant General
William Hood Simpson, the Ninth
Army concentrated its drive along a
nine-mile arc shaped from between
Geilenkirchen and Eschweler, strik
ing in three powerful parallel col
umns—one of armor and two in
fantry—front dispatches said.
Dwight D. Eisenhower opened the
grand winter offensive against Ger
many Thursday, sending armies of
more than 1.500,000 men over the
top on a 400-mile front, behind the
greatest aerial support bombardment
of all time.
Spearheading the drive was the
new U. S. "mystery" Ninth Army,
which promptly smashed up to four
miles across German soil, capturing
five Reich towns after driving
through a breach in the Siegfried
line north of Aachen created by the
United States First Army nearly two
months ago.
The veteran First Army swung in
to Eisenhower's greatest offensive
shoulder-to-shoulder with the Ninth
and four other armies were also
striking with their full might along a
front that rocked and blazed from
historic Arnheim to the Swiss fron
tier.
Under lanky Lieutenant General
William Hood Simpson, the Ninth
Army concentrated its drive along a
nine-mile arc shaped from between
Geilenkirchen and Eschweler, strik
ing in three powerful parallel col
umns—one of armor and two in
fantry—front dispatches said.
Dwight D. Eisenhower opened the
grand winter offensive against Ger
many Thursday, sending armies of
more than 1.500,000 men over the
top on a 400-mile front, behind the
greatest aerial support bombardment
of all time.
Spearheading the drive was the
new U. S. "mystery" Ninth Army,
which promptly smashed up to four
miles across German soil, capturing
five Reich towns after driving
through a breach in the Siegfried
line north of Aachen created by the
United States First Army nearly two
months ago.
The veteran First Army swung in
to Eisenhower's greatest offensive
shoulder-to-shoulder with the Ninth
and four other armies were also
striking with their full might along a
front that rocked and blazed from
historic Arnheim to the Swiss fron
tier.
Under lanky Lieutenant General
William Hood Simpson, the Ninth
Army concentrated its drive along a
nine-mile arc shaped from between
Geilenkirchen and Eschweler, strik
ing in three powerful parallel col
umns—one of armor and two in
fantry—front dispatches said.
Dwight D. Eisenhower opened the
grand winter offensive against Ger
many Thursday, sending armies of
more than 1.500,000 men over the
top on a 400-mile front, behind the
greatest aerial support bombardment
of all time.
Spearheading the drive was the
new U. S. "mystery" Ninth Army,
which promptly smashed up to four
miles across German soil, capturing
five Reich towns after driving
through a breach in the Siegfried
line north of Aachen created by the
United States First Army nearly two
months ago.
The veteran First Army swung in
to Eisenhower's greatest offensive
shoulder-to-shoulder with the Ninth
and four other armies were also
striking with their full might along a
front that rocked and blazed from
historic Arnheim to the Swiss fron
tier.
Under lanky Lieutenant General
William Hood Simpson, the Ninth
Army concentrated its drive along a
nine-mile arc shaped from between
Geilenkirchen and Eschweler, strik
ing in three powerful parallel col
umns—one of armor and two in
fantry—front dispatches said.
Dwight D. Eisenhower opened the
grand winter offensive against Ger
many Thursday, sending armies of
more than 1.500,000 men over the
top on a 400-mile front, behind the
greatest aerial support bombardment
of all time.
Spearheading the drive was the
new U. S. "mystery" Ninth Army,
which promptly smashed up to four
miles across German soil, capturing
five Reich towns after driving
through a breach in the Siegfried
line north of Aachen created by the
United States First Army nearly two
months ago.
The veteran First Army swung in
to Eisenhower's greatest offensive
shoulder-to-shoulder with the Ninth
and four other armies were also
striking with their full might along a
front that rocked and blazed from
historic Arnheim to the Swiss fron
tier.
Under lanky Lieutenant General
William Hood Simpson, the Ninth
Army concentrated its drive along a
nine-mile arc shaped from between
Geilenkirchen and Eschweler, strik
ing in three powerful parallel col
umns—one of armor and two in
fantry—front dispatches said.
Dwight D. Eisenhower opened the
grand winter offensive against Ger
many Thursday, sending armies of
more than 1.500,000 men over the
top on a 400-mile front, behind the
greatest aerial support bombardment
of all time.
Spearheading the drive was the
new U. S. "mystery" Ninth Army,
which promptly smashed up to four
miles across German soil, capturing
five Reich towns after driving
through a breach in the Siegfried
line north of Aachen created by the
United States First Army nearly two
months ago.
The veteran First Army swung in
to Eisenhower's greatest offensive
shoulder-to-shoulder with the Ninth
and four other armies were also
striking with their full might along a
front that rocked and blazed from
historic Arnheim to the Swiss fron
tier.
Under lanky Lieutenant General
William Hood Simpson, the Ninth
Army concentrated its drive along a
nine-mile arc shaped from between
Geilenkirchen and Eschweler, strik
ing in three powerful parallel col
umns—one of armor and two in
fantry—front dispatches said.
Dwight D. Eisenhower opened the
grand winter offensive against Ger
many Thursday, sending armies of
more than 1.500,000 men over the
top on a 400-mile front, behind the
greatest aerial support bombardment
of all time.
Spearheading the drive was the
new U. S. "mystery" Ninth Army,
which promptly smashed up to four
miles across German soil, capturing
five Reich towns after driving
through a breach in the Siegfried
line north of Aachen created by the
United States First Army nearly two
months ago.
The veteran First Army swung in
to Eisenhower's greatest offensive
shoulder-to-shoulder with the Ninth
and four other armies were also
striking with their full might along a
front that rocked and blazed from
historic Arnheim to the Swiss fron
tier.
Under lanky Lieutenant General
William Hood Simpson, the Ninth
Army concentrated its drive along a
nine-mile arc shaped from between
Geilenkirchen and Eschweler, strik
ing in three powerful parallel col
umns—one of armor and two in
fantry—front dispatches said.
