# West Coast Marketing Subject of Faville Talk
## 
### 
"Products the West Can Produce
and Advertising's Part in Marketing
Them" was the subject of an address
by David E. FaVille, professor of
Marketing in the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, before a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Advertising Club held at the
Palace Hotel.
As a past member of the board of
directors of the American Marketing
Association, a past vice-president of
the National Association of Directors
of Marketing, and for the past five
years a member of the board of
directors of the San Francisco Sales
managers' Association, Dr. Faville
has broad experience in marketing
problems.
"Products the West Can Produce
and Advertising's Part in Marketing
Them" was the subject of an address
by David E. FaVille, professor of
Marketing in the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, before a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Advertising Club held at the
Palace Hotel.
As a past member of the board of
directors of the American Marketing
Association, a past vice-president of
the National Association of Directors
of Marketing, and for the past five
years a member of the board of
directors of the San Francisco Sales
managers' Association, Dr. Faville
has broad experience in marketing
problems.
"Products the West Can Produce
and Advertising's Part in Marketing
Them" was the subject of an address
by David E. FaVille, professor of
Marketing in the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, before a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Advertising Club held at the
Palace Hotel.
As a past member of the board of
directors of the American Marketing
Association, a past vice-president of
the National Association of Directors
of Marketing, and for the past five
years a member of the board of
directors of the San Francisco Sales
managers' Association, Dr. Faville
has broad experience in marketing
problems.
"Products the West Can Produce
and Advertising's Part in Marketing
Them" was the subject of an address
by David E. FaVille, professor of
Marketing in the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, before a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Advertising Club held at the
Palace Hotel.
As a past member of the board of
directors of the American Marketing
Association, a past vice-president of
the National Association of Directors
of Marketing, and for the past five
years a member of the board of
directors of the San Francisco Sales
managers' Association, Dr. Faville
has broad experience in marketing
problems.
"Products the West Can Produce
and Advertising's Part in Marketing
Them" was the subject of an address
by David E. FaVille, professor of
Marketing in the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, before a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Advertising Club held at the
Palace Hotel.
As a past member of the board of
directors of the American Marketing
Association, a past vice-president of
the National Association of Directors
of Marketing, and for the past five
years a member of the board of
directors of the San Francisco Sales
managers' Association, Dr. Faville
has broad experience in marketing
problems.
"Products the West Can Produce
and Advertising's Part in Marketing
Them" was the subject of an address
by David E. FaVille, professor of
Marketing in the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, before a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Advertising Club held at the
Palace Hotel.
As a past member of the board of
directors of the American Marketing
Association, a past vice-president of
the National Association of Directors
of Marketing, and for the past five
years a member of the board of
directors of the San Francisco Sales
managers' Association, Dr. Faville
has broad experience in marketing
problems.
"Products the West Can Produce
and Advertising's Part in Marketing
Them" was the subject of an address
by David E. FaVille, professor of
Marketing in the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, before a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Advertising Club held at the
Palace Hotel.
As a past member of the board of
directors of the American Marketing
Association, a past vice-president of
the National Association of Directors
of Marketing, and for the past five
years a member of the board of
directors of the San Francisco Sales
managers' Association, Dr. Faville
has broad experience in marketing
problems.
"Products the West Can Produce
and Advertising's Part in Marketing
Them" was the subject of an address
by David E. FaVille, professor of
Marketing in the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, before a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Advertising Club held at the
Palace Hotel.
As a past member of the board of
directors of the American Marketing
Association, a past vice-president of
the National Association of Directors
of Marketing, and for the past five
years a member of the board of
directors of the San Francisco Sales
managers' Association, Dr. Faville
has broad experience in marketing
problems.
"Products the West Can Produce
and Advertising's Part in Marketing
Them" was the subject of an address
by David E. FaVille, professor of
Marketing in the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, before a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Advertising Club held at the
Palace Hotel.
As a past member of the board of
directors of the American Marketing
Association, a past vice-president of
the National Association of Directors
of Marketing, and for the past five
years a member of the board of
directors of the San Francisco Sales
managers' Association, Dr. Faville
has broad experience in marketing
problems.
"Products the West Can Produce
and Advertising's Part in Marketing
Them" was the subject of an address
by David E. FaVille, professor of
Marketing in the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, before a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Advertising Club held at the
Palace Hotel.
As a past member of the board of
directors of the American Marketing
Association, a past vice-president of
the National Association of Directors
of Marketing, and for the past five
years a member of the board of
directors of the San Francisco Sales
managers' Association, Dr. Faville
has broad experience in marketing
problems.
"Products the West Can Produce
and Advertising's Part in Marketing
Them" was the subject of an address
by David E. FaVille, professor of
Marketing in the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, before a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Advertising Club held at the
Palace Hotel.
As a past member of the board of
directors of the American Marketing
Association, a past vice-president of
the National Association of Directors
of Marketing, and for the past five
years a member of the board of
directors of the San Francisco Sales
managers' Association, Dr. Faville
has broad experience in marketing
problems.
"Products the West Can Produce
and Advertising's Part in Marketing
Them" was the subject of an address
by David E. FaVille, professor of
Marketing in the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, before a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Advertising Club held at the
Palace Hotel.
As a past member of the board of
directors of the American Marketing
Association, a past vice-president of
the National Association of Directors
of Marketing, and for the past five
years a member of the board of
directors of the San Francisco Sales
managers' Association, Dr. Faville
has broad experience in marketing
problems.
"Products the West Can Produce
and Advertising's Part in Marketing
Them" was the subject of an address
by David E. FaVille, professor of
Marketing in the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, before a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Advertising Club held at the
Palace Hotel.
As a past member of the board of
directors of the American Marketing
Association, a past vice-president of
the National Association of Directors
of Marketing, and for the past five
years a member of the board of
directors of the San Francisco Sales
managers' Association, Dr. Faville
has broad experience in marketing
problems.
"Products the West Can Produce
and Advertising's Part in Marketing
Them" was the subject of an address
by David E. FaVille, professor of
Marketing in the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, before a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Advertising Club held at the
Palace Hotel.
As a past member of the board of
directors of the American Marketing
Association, a past vice-president of
the National Association of Directors
of Marketing, and for the past five
years a member of the board of
directors of the San Francisco Sales
managers' Association, Dr. Faville
has broad experience in marketing
problems.
"Products the West Can Produce
and Advertising's Part in Marketing
Them" was the subject of an address
by David E. FaVille, professor of
Marketing in the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, before a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Advertising Club held at the
Palace Hotel.
As a past member of the board of
directors of the American Marketing
Association, a past vice-president of
the National Association of Directors
of Marketing, and for the past five
years a member of the board of
directors of the San Francisco Sales
managers' Association, Dr. Faville
has broad experience in marketing
problems.
"Products the West Can Produce
and Advertising's Part in Marketing
Them" was the subject of an address
by David E. FaVille, professor of
Marketing in the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, before a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Advertising Club held at the
Palace Hotel.
As a past member of the board of
directors of the American Marketing
Association, a past vice-president of
the National Association of Directors
of Marketing, and for the past five
years a member of the board of
directors of the San Francisco Sales
managers' Association, Dr. Faville
has broad experience in marketing
problems.
"Products the West Can Produce
and Advertising's Part in Marketing
Them" was the subject of an address
by David E. FaVille, professor of
Marketing in the Stanford Graduate
School of Business, before a recent
luncheon meeting of the San Fran
cisco Advertising Club held at the
Palace Hotel.
As a past member of the board of
directors of the American Marketing
Association, a past vice-president of
the National Association of Directors
of Marketing, and for the past five
years a member of the board of
directors of the San Francisco Sales
managers' Association, Dr. Faville
has broad experience in marketing
problems.
