# Adv. 9 Page 4
## 
### 
Election |
Soliloquy
To vote or not to vote
— that is the
question. Whether
'tis nobler to suffer
the slings and arrows
of outrageous
assessments, or by
opposing end them.
Out, out to the ballot
box. Life's but a
checkmark, a poor
"X" that struts and
frets your views upon
the ASSU and then
can change the score.
But the tale told by an
idiot, full of silence
and apathy, signifies
nothing.
Hence, make the
damn spot and they
shall say "this was the
noblest Stanfordite of
themall."
/
Election |
Soliloquy
To vote or not to vote
— that is the
question. Whether
'tis nobler to suffer
the slings and arrows
of outrageous
assessments, or by
opposing end them.
Out, out to the ballot
box. Life's but a
checkmark, a poor
"X" that struts and
frets your views upon
the ASSU and then
can change the score.
But the tale told by an
idiot, full of silence
and apathy, signifies
nothing.
Hence, make the
damn spot and they
shall say "this was the
noblest Stanfordite of
themall."
/
Election |
Soliloquy
To vote or not to vote
— that is the
question. Whether
'tis nobler to suffer
the slings and arrows
of outrageous
assessments, or by
opposing end them.
Out, out to the ballot
box. Life's but a
checkmark, a poor
"X" that struts and
frets your views upon
the ASSU and then
can change the score.
But the tale told by an
idiot, full of silence
and apathy, signifies
nothing.
Hence, make the
damn spot and they
shall say "this was the
noblest Stanfordite of
themall."
/
Election |
Soliloquy
To vote or not to vote
— that is the
question. Whether
'tis nobler to suffer
the slings and arrows
of outrageous
assessments, or by
opposing end them.
Out, out to the ballot
box. Life's but a
checkmark, a poor
"X" that struts and
frets your views upon
the ASSU and then
can change the score.
But the tale told by an
idiot, full of silence
and apathy, signifies
nothing.
Hence, make the
damn spot and they
shall say "this was the
noblest Stanfordite of
themall."
/
Election |
Soliloquy
To vote or not to vote
— that is the
question. Whether
'tis nobler to suffer
the slings and arrows
of outrageous
assessments, or by
opposing end them.
Out, out to the ballot
box. Life's but a
checkmark, a poor
"X" that struts and
frets your views upon
the ASSU and then
can change the score.
But the tale told by an
idiot, full of silence
and apathy, signifies
nothing.
Hence, make the
damn spot and they
shall say "this was the
noblest Stanfordite of
themall."
/
Election |
Soliloquy
To vote or not to vote
— that is the
question. Whether
'tis nobler to suffer
the slings and arrows
of outrageous
assessments, or by
opposing end them.
Out, out to the ballot
box. Life's but a
checkmark, a poor
"X" that struts and
frets your views upon
the ASSU and then
can change the score.
But the tale told by an
idiot, full of silence
and apathy, signifies
nothing.
Hence, make the
damn spot and they
shall say "this was the
noblest Stanfordite of
themall."
/
Election |
Soliloquy
To vote or not to vote
— that is the
question. Whether
'tis nobler to suffer
the slings and arrows
of outrageous
assessments, or by
opposing end them.
Out, out to the ballot
box. Life's but a
checkmark, a poor
"X" that struts and
frets your views upon
the ASSU and then
can change the score.
But the tale told by an
idiot, full of silence
and apathy, signifies
nothing.
Hence, make the
damn spot and they
shall say "this was the
noblest Stanfordite of
themall."
/
Election |
Soliloquy
To vote or not to vote
— that is the
question. Whether
'tis nobler to suffer
the slings and arrows
of outrageous
assessments, or by
opposing end them.
Out, out to the ballot
box. Life's but a
checkmark, a poor
"X" that struts and
frets your views upon
the ASSU and then
can change the score.
But the tale told by an
idiot, full of silence
and apathy, signifies
nothing.
Hence, make the
damn spot and they
shall say "this was the
noblest Stanfordite of
themall."
/
