# Little Man on Campus
## 
### Bibler 

"Nice to have you in one of my classes again, Miss ah,
Miss I can'i remember your name, but I never forget a
beautiful face."

"Nice to have you in one of my classes again, Miss ah,
Miss I can'i remember your name, but I never forget a
beautiful face."

"Nice to have you in one of my classes again, Miss ah,
Miss I can'i remember your name, but I never forget a
beautiful face."

"Nice to have you in one of my classes again, Miss ah,
Miss I can'i remember your name, but I never forget a
beautiful face."

"Nice to have you in one of my classes again, Miss ah,
Miss I can'i remember your name, but I never forget a
beautiful face."

"Nice to have you in one of my classes again, Miss ah,
Miss I can'i remember your name, but I never forget a
beautiful face."

"Nice to have you in one of my classes again, Miss ah,
Miss I can'i remember your name, but I never forget a
beautiful face."

"Nice to have you in one of my classes again, Miss ah,
Miss I can'i remember your name, but I never forget a
beautiful face."

"Nice to have you in one of my classes again, Miss ah,
Miss I can'i remember your name, but I never forget a
beautiful face."

"Nice to have you in one of my classes again, Miss ah,
Miss I can'i remember your name, but I never forget a
beautiful face."

"Nice to have you in one of my classes again, Miss ah,
Miss I can'i remember your name, but I never forget a
beautiful face."

"Nice to have you in one of my classes again, Miss ah,
Miss I can'i remember your name, but I never forget a
beautiful face."

"Nice to have you in one of my classes again, Miss ah,
Miss I can'i remember your name, but I never forget a
beautiful face."

"Nice to have you in one of my classes again, Miss ah,
Miss I can'i remember your name, but I never forget a
beautiful face."

"Nice to have you in one of my classes again, Miss ah,
Miss I can'i remember your name, but I never forget a
beautiful face."

"Nice to have you in one of my classes again, Miss ah,
Miss I can'i remember your name, but I never forget a
beautiful face."
