# School Problems Will Be Discussed
## 
### 
Earl Bunting, managing dirrHnj ■
the National Association of Mann
facturers, will speak at Stanford,
2 p.m. Thursday in Cubberley Audi
torium of the School of Eduction
His topic will be "Schools in -
Industrial Society." The program i,
open to the public.
Earl Bunting, managing dirrHnj ■
the National Association of Mann
facturers, will speak at Stanford,
2 p.m. Thursday in Cubberley Audi
torium of the School of Eduction
His topic will be "Schools in -
Industrial Society." The program i,
open to the public.
Earl Bunting, managing dirrHnj ■
the National Association of Mann
facturers, will speak at Stanford,
2 p.m. Thursday in Cubberley Audi
torium of the School of Eduction
His topic will be "Schools in -
Industrial Society." The program i,
open to the public.
Earl Bunting, managing dirrHnj ■
the National Association of Mann
facturers, will speak at Stanford,
2 p.m. Thursday in Cubberley Audi
torium of the School of Eduction
His topic will be "Schools in -
Industrial Society." The program i,
open to the public.
Earl Bunting, managing dirrHnj ■
the National Association of Mann
facturers, will speak at Stanford,
2 p.m. Thursday in Cubberley Audi
torium of the School of Eduction
His topic will be "Schools in -
Industrial Society." The program i,
open to the public.
Earl Bunting, managing dirrHnj ■
the National Association of Mann
facturers, will speak at Stanford,
2 p.m. Thursday in Cubberley Audi
torium of the School of Eduction
His topic will be "Schools in -
Industrial Society." The program i,
open to the public.
Earl Bunting, managing dirrHnj ■
the National Association of Mann
facturers, will speak at Stanford,
2 p.m. Thursday in Cubberley Audi
torium of the School of Eduction
His topic will be "Schools in -
Industrial Society." The program i,
open to the public.
Earl Bunting, managing dirrHnj ■
the National Association of Mann
facturers, will speak at Stanford,
2 p.m. Thursday in Cubberley Audi
torium of the School of Eduction
His topic will be "Schools in -
Industrial Society." The program i,
open to the public.
Earl Bunting, managing dirrHnj ■
the National Association of Mann
facturers, will speak at Stanford,
2 p.m. Thursday in Cubberley Audi
torium of the School of Eduction
His topic will be "Schools in -
Industrial Society." The program i,
open to the public.
Earl Bunting, managing dirrHnj ■
the National Association of Mann
facturers, will speak at Stanford,
2 p.m. Thursday in Cubberley Audi
torium of the School of Eduction
His topic will be "Schools in -
Industrial Society." The program i,
open to the public.
Earl Bunting, managing dirrHnj ■
the National Association of Mann
facturers, will speak at Stanford,
2 p.m. Thursday in Cubberley Audi
torium of the School of Eduction
His topic will be "Schools in -
Industrial Society." The program i,
open to the public.
Earl Bunting, managing dirrHnj ■
the National Association of Mann
facturers, will speak at Stanford,
2 p.m. Thursday in Cubberley Audi
torium of the School of Eduction
His topic will be "Schools in -
Industrial Society." The program i,
open to the public.
Earl Bunting, managing dirrHnj ■
the National Association of Mann
facturers, will speak at Stanford,
2 p.m. Thursday in Cubberley Audi
torium of the School of Eduction
His topic will be "Schools in -
Industrial Society." The program i,
open to the public.
Earl Bunting, managing dirrHnj ■
the National Association of Mann
facturers, will speak at Stanford,
2 p.m. Thursday in Cubberley Audi
torium of the School of Eduction
His topic will be "Schools in -
Industrial Society." The program i,
open to the public.
Earl Bunting, managing dirrHnj ■
the National Association of Mann
facturers, will speak at Stanford,
2 p.m. Thursday in Cubberley Audi
torium of the School of Eduction
His topic will be "Schools in -
Industrial Society." The program i,
open to the public.
Earl Bunting, managing dirrHnj ■
the National Association of Mann
facturers, will speak at Stanford,
2 p.m. Thursday in Cubberley Audi
torium of the School of Eduction
His topic will be "Schools in -
Industrial Society." The program i,
open to the public.
