# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Professor Bailey Willis of the Geol
ogy department, will speak before a
meeting of the Stanford C. E. Society
at the Kappa Alpha house tonight at
7:4f». Professor Willis will talk on
South America, and will also discuss
the relation of the civil engineer to
the geologist.
Professor Bailey Willis of the Geol
ogy department, will speak before a
meeting of the Stanford C. E. Society
at the Kappa Alpha house tonight at
7:4f». Professor Willis will talk on
South America, and will also discuss
the relation of the civil engineer to
the geologist.
Professor Bailey Willis of the Geol
ogy department, will speak before a
meeting of the Stanford C. E. Society
at the Kappa Alpha house tonight at
7:4f». Professor Willis will talk on
South America, and will also discuss
the relation of the civil engineer to
the geologist.
Professor Bailey Willis of the Geol
ogy department, will speak before a
meeting of the Stanford C. E. Society
at the Kappa Alpha house tonight at
7:4f». Professor Willis will talk on
South America, and will also discuss
the relation of the civil engineer to
the geologist.
Professor Bailey Willis of the Geol
ogy department, will speak before a
meeting of the Stanford C. E. Society
at the Kappa Alpha house tonight at
7:4f». Professor Willis will talk on
South America, and will also discuss
the relation of the civil engineer to
the geologist.
Professor Bailey Willis of the Geol
ogy department, will speak before a
meeting of the Stanford C. E. Society
at the Kappa Alpha house tonight at
7:4f». Professor Willis will talk on
South America, and will also discuss
the relation of the civil engineer to
the geologist.
Professor Bailey Willis of the Geol
ogy department, will speak before a
meeting of the Stanford C. E. Society
at the Kappa Alpha house tonight at
7:4f». Professor Willis will talk on
South America, and will also discuss
the relation of the civil engineer to
the geologist.
Professor Bailey Willis of the Geol
ogy department, will speak before a
meeting of the Stanford C. E. Society
at the Kappa Alpha house tonight at
7:4f». Professor Willis will talk on
South America, and will also discuss
the relation of the civil engineer to
the geologist.
Professor Bailey Willis of the Geol
ogy department, will speak before a
meeting of the Stanford C. E. Society
at the Kappa Alpha house tonight at
7:4f». Professor Willis will talk on
South America, and will also discuss
the relation of the civil engineer to
the geologist.
Professor Bailey Willis of the Geol
ogy department, will speak before a
meeting of the Stanford C. E. Society
at the Kappa Alpha house tonight at
7:4f». Professor Willis will talk on
South America, and will also discuss
the relation of the civil engineer to
the geologist.
Professor Bailey Willis of the Geol
ogy department, will speak before a
meeting of the Stanford C. E. Society
at the Kappa Alpha house tonight at
7:4f». Professor Willis will talk on
South America, and will also discuss
the relation of the civil engineer to
the geologist.
Professor Bailey Willis of the Geol
ogy department, will speak before a
meeting of the Stanford C. E. Society
at the Kappa Alpha house tonight at
7:4f». Professor Willis will talk on
South America, and will also discuss
the relation of the civil engineer to
the geologist.
Professor Bailey Willis of the Geol
ogy department, will speak before a
meeting of the Stanford C. E. Society
at the Kappa Alpha house tonight at
7:4f». Professor Willis will talk on
South America, and will also discuss
the relation of the civil engineer to
the geologist.
Professor Bailey Willis of the Geol
ogy department, will speak before a
meeting of the Stanford C. E. Society
at the Kappa Alpha house tonight at
7:4f». Professor Willis will talk on
South America, and will also discuss
the relation of the civil engineer to
the geologist.
Professor Bailey Willis of the Geol
ogy department, will speak before a
meeting of the Stanford C. E. Society
at the Kappa Alpha house tonight at
7:4f». Professor Willis will talk on
South America, and will also discuss
the relation of the civil engineer to
the geologist.
