# FORD COMES HOME
## 
### 
LONDON, Oct. 16. (/P) — Henry
Ford, American automobile manu
facturer, will leave England for
home tomorrow after a "very busy"
vacation in Europe.
LONDON, Oct. 16. (/P) — Henry
Ford, American automobile manu
facturer, will leave England for
home tomorrow after a "very busy"
vacation in Europe.
LONDON, Oct. 16. (/P) — Henry
Ford, American automobile manu
facturer, will leave England for
home tomorrow after a "very busy"
vacation in Europe.
LONDON, Oct. 16. (/P) — Henry
Ford, American automobile manu
facturer, will leave England for
home tomorrow after a "very busy"
vacation in Europe.
LONDON, Oct. 16. (/P) — Henry
Ford, American automobile manu
facturer, will leave England for
home tomorrow after a "very busy"
vacation in Europe.
LONDON, Oct. 16. (/P) — Henry
Ford, American automobile manu
facturer, will leave England for
home tomorrow after a "very busy"
vacation in Europe.
LONDON, Oct. 16. (/P) — Henry
Ford, American automobile manu
facturer, will leave England for
home tomorrow after a "very busy"
vacation in Europe.
LONDON, Oct. 16. (/P) — Henry
Ford, American automobile manu
facturer, will leave England for
home tomorrow after a "very busy"
vacation in Europe.
LONDON, Oct. 16. (/P) — Henry
Ford, American automobile manu
facturer, will leave England for
home tomorrow after a "very busy"
vacation in Europe.
LONDON, Oct. 16. (/P) — Henry
Ford, American automobile manu
facturer, will leave England for
home tomorrow after a "very busy"
vacation in Europe.
LONDON, Oct. 16. (/P) — Henry
Ford, American automobile manu
facturer, will leave England for
home tomorrow after a "very busy"
vacation in Europe.
LONDON, Oct. 16. (/P) — Henry
Ford, American automobile manu
facturer, will leave England for
home tomorrow after a "very busy"
vacation in Europe.
LONDON, Oct. 16. (/P) — Henry
Ford, American automobile manu
facturer, will leave England for
home tomorrow after a "very busy"
vacation in Europe.
LONDON, Oct. 16. (/P) — Henry
Ford, American automobile manu
facturer, will leave England for
home tomorrow after a "very busy"
vacation in Europe.
LONDON, Oct. 16. (/P) — Henry
Ford, American automobile manu
facturer, will leave England for
home tomorrow after a "very busy"
vacation in Europe.
LONDON, Oct. 16. (/P) — Henry
Ford, American automobile manu
facturer, will leave England for
home tomorrow after a "very busy"
vacation in Europe.
LONDON, Oct. 16. (/P) — Henry
Ford, American automobile manu
facturer, will leave England for
home tomorrow after a "very busy"
vacation in Europe.
