# 10 HURT IN WRECK
## 
### 
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 16. (/P) —Ten
persons were reported injured in
the wreck of a Denver and Rio
Grande Western freight train two
miles east of Florence late today.
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 16. (/P) —Ten
persons were reported injured in
the wreck of a Denver and Rio
Grande Western freight train two
miles east of Florence late today.
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 16. (/P) —Ten
persons were reported injured in
the wreck of a Denver and Rio
Grande Western freight train two
miles east of Florence late today.
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 16. (/P) —Ten
persons were reported injured in
the wreck of a Denver and Rio
Grande Western freight train two
miles east of Florence late today.
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 16. (/P) —Ten
persons were reported injured in
the wreck of a Denver and Rio
Grande Western freight train two
miles east of Florence late today.
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 16. (/P) —Ten
persons were reported injured in
the wreck of a Denver and Rio
Grande Western freight train two
miles east of Florence late today.
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 16. (/P) —Ten
persons were reported injured in
the wreck of a Denver and Rio
Grande Western freight train two
miles east of Florence late today.
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 16. (/P) —Ten
persons were reported injured in
the wreck of a Denver and Rio
Grande Western freight train two
miles east of Florence late today.
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 16. (/P) —Ten
persons were reported injured in
the wreck of a Denver and Rio
Grande Western freight train two
miles east of Florence late today.
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 16. (/P) —Ten
persons were reported injured in
the wreck of a Denver and Rio
Grande Western freight train two
miles east of Florence late today.
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 16. (/P) —Ten
persons were reported injured in
the wreck of a Denver and Rio
Grande Western freight train two
miles east of Florence late today.
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 16. (/P) —Ten
persons were reported injured in
the wreck of a Denver and Rio
Grande Western freight train two
miles east of Florence late today.
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 16. (/P) —Ten
persons were reported injured in
the wreck of a Denver and Rio
Grande Western freight train two
miles east of Florence late today.
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 16. (/P) —Ten
persons were reported injured in
the wreck of a Denver and Rio
Grande Western freight train two
miles east of Florence late today.
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 16. (/P) —Ten
persons were reported injured in
the wreck of a Denver and Rio
Grande Western freight train two
miles east of Florence late today.
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 16. (/P) —Ten
persons were reported injured in
the wreck of a Denver and Rio
Grande Western freight train two
miles east of Florence late today.
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 16. (/P) —Ten
persons were reported injured in
the wreck of a Denver and Rio
Grande Western freight train two
miles east of Florence late today.
