# SWING OBJECTS TO NAME "HOOVER DAM"
## 
### 
BRAWLEY, Oct. 16. (/Pi—Con
gressman Phil D. Swing, joint au
thor of the Swing-Johnson Boulder
Dam act, does not like the name
"Hoover" for the structure.
"President Hoover was only one
of twenty men who gave their ef
forts to materialize the project,"
Swing said. "The name 'Boulder' is
the legal name for the dam."
BRAWLEY, Oct. 16. (/Pi—Con
gressman Phil D. Swing, joint au
thor of the Swing-Johnson Boulder
Dam act, does not like the name
"Hoover" for the structure.
"President Hoover was only one
of twenty men who gave their ef
forts to materialize the project,"
Swing said. "The name 'Boulder' is
the legal name for the dam."
BRAWLEY, Oct. 16. (/Pi—Con
gressman Phil D. Swing, joint au
thor of the Swing-Johnson Boulder
Dam act, does not like the name
"Hoover" for the structure.
"President Hoover was only one
of twenty men who gave their ef
forts to materialize the project,"
Swing said. "The name 'Boulder' is
the legal name for the dam."
BRAWLEY, Oct. 16. (/Pi—Con
gressman Phil D. Swing, joint au
thor of the Swing-Johnson Boulder
Dam act, does not like the name
"Hoover" for the structure.
"President Hoover was only one
of twenty men who gave their ef
forts to materialize the project,"
Swing said. "The name 'Boulder' is
the legal name for the dam."
BRAWLEY, Oct. 16. (/Pi—Con
gressman Phil D. Swing, joint au
thor of the Swing-Johnson Boulder
Dam act, does not like the name
"Hoover" for the structure.
"President Hoover was only one
of twenty men who gave their ef
forts to materialize the project,"
Swing said. "The name 'Boulder' is
the legal name for the dam."
BRAWLEY, Oct. 16. (/Pi—Con
gressman Phil D. Swing, joint au
thor of the Swing-Johnson Boulder
Dam act, does not like the name
"Hoover" for the structure.
"President Hoover was only one
of twenty men who gave their ef
forts to materialize the project,"
Swing said. "The name 'Boulder' is
the legal name for the dam."
BRAWLEY, Oct. 16. (/Pi—Con
gressman Phil D. Swing, joint au
thor of the Swing-Johnson Boulder
Dam act, does not like the name
"Hoover" for the structure.
"President Hoover was only one
of twenty men who gave their ef
forts to materialize the project,"
Swing said. "The name 'Boulder' is
the legal name for the dam."
BRAWLEY, Oct. 16. (/Pi—Con
gressman Phil D. Swing, joint au
thor of the Swing-Johnson Boulder
Dam act, does not like the name
"Hoover" for the structure.
"President Hoover was only one
of twenty men who gave their ef
forts to materialize the project,"
Swing said. "The name 'Boulder' is
the legal name for the dam."
BRAWLEY, Oct. 16. (/Pi—Con
gressman Phil D. Swing, joint au
thor of the Swing-Johnson Boulder
Dam act, does not like the name
"Hoover" for the structure.
"President Hoover was only one
of twenty men who gave their ef
forts to materialize the project,"
Swing said. "The name 'Boulder' is
the legal name for the dam."
BRAWLEY, Oct. 16. (/Pi—Con
gressman Phil D. Swing, joint au
thor of the Swing-Johnson Boulder
Dam act, does not like the name
"Hoover" for the structure.
"President Hoover was only one
of twenty men who gave their ef
forts to materialize the project,"
Swing said. "The name 'Boulder' is
the legal name for the dam."
BRAWLEY, Oct. 16. (/Pi—Con
gressman Phil D. Swing, joint au
thor of the Swing-Johnson Boulder
Dam act, does not like the name
"Hoover" for the structure.
"President Hoover was only one
of twenty men who gave their ef
forts to materialize the project,"
Swing said. "The name 'Boulder' is
the legal name for the dam."
BRAWLEY, Oct. 16. (/Pi—Con
gressman Phil D. Swing, joint au
thor of the Swing-Johnson Boulder
Dam act, does not like the name
"Hoover" for the structure.
"President Hoover was only one
of twenty men who gave their ef
forts to materialize the project,"
Swing said. "The name 'Boulder' is
the legal name for the dam."
BRAWLEY, Oct. 16. (/Pi—Con
gressman Phil D. Swing, joint au
thor of the Swing-Johnson Boulder
Dam act, does not like the name
"Hoover" for the structure.
"President Hoover was only one
of twenty men who gave their ef
forts to materialize the project,"
Swing said. "The name 'Boulder' is
the legal name for the dam."
BRAWLEY, Oct. 16. (/Pi—Con
gressman Phil D. Swing, joint au
thor of the Swing-Johnson Boulder
Dam act, does not like the name
"Hoover" for the structure.
"President Hoover was only one
of twenty men who gave their ef
forts to materialize the project,"
Swing said. "The name 'Boulder' is
the legal name for the dam."
BRAWLEY, Oct. 16. (/Pi—Con
gressman Phil D. Swing, joint au
thor of the Swing-Johnson Boulder
Dam act, does not like the name
"Hoover" for the structure.
"President Hoover was only one
of twenty men who gave their ef
forts to materialize the project,"
Swing said. "The name 'Boulder' is
the legal name for the dam."
BRAWLEY, Oct. 16. (/Pi—Con
gressman Phil D. Swing, joint au
thor of the Swing-Johnson Boulder
Dam act, does not like the name
"Hoover" for the structure.
"President Hoover was only one
of twenty men who gave their ef
forts to materialize the project,"
Swing said. "The name 'Boulder' is
the legal name for the dam."
BRAWLEY, Oct. 16. (/Pi—Con
gressman Phil D. Swing, joint au
thor of the Swing-Johnson Boulder
Dam act, does not like the name
"Hoover" for the structure.
"President Hoover was only one
of twenty men who gave their ef
forts to materialize the project,"
Swing said. "The name 'Boulder' is
the legal name for the dam."
