# Softball may feel the heat this weekend
## 
### Jason Weintraub Staff writer 
Throughout history, the role of the
underdog has been one of the most cher
ished aspects of sports. Audiences were
captivated by the Los Angeles Dodgers'
stunning victory in the 1988 World
Series, Villanova's shocking defeat of
Georgetown in the 1985 college basket
ball championship game and Rocky's
upset win over Apollo Creed for the
heavyweight championship.
Tonight at 6 p.m., the Stanford soft

ball team takes center stage as the ulti
mate underdog when, in only its second
season as a varsity sport, the Cardinal
faces two-time defending national cham
pion Arizona.
Stanford (10-20 overall, 1-11 in the
Pacific-10) has struggled this year
against conference competition. Rarely
able to mount a consistent offensive
attack, the Cardinal hasn't put enough
runs together to threaten its more expe
rienced opponents. In addition, Stan
ford's propensity for committing too
many errors and its inability to make big

plays has cost the team more than a few
games. Outside of a doubleheader split
with Oregon State, Stanford is winless
in Pac-10 play.
The job doesn't get any easier in Tuc
son as this year's Arizona squad is per
haps the most explosive team in the
country. Offensively, the Wildcats are
led by Laura Espinoza, who leads the
nation with an astonishing 26 home
runs in just 39 games. Arizona's lineup
also includes first baseman Amy Chelve-
