# WELCOME
## 
### 
Relax! It's .summer quarter!
According to tradition, the sum
mer quarter at Stanford means
combining study and play in a
much more personal atmosphere
than any other quarter. Everyone
is urged to participate in the
planned activities in order to in
sure their success. The social
events have been planned to in
clude the interests of all fresh
men, upperclassmen, and grad
students. The Summer Quarter
Legislature extends an open in
vitation for students to attend
;iny of its meetings. Make an ef
fort to become acquainted enjoy
yourself. See you around Quad!


SKIP SKIPWORTH
•XSSI! Summer Quarter President
Relax! It's .summer quarter!
According to tradition, the sum
mer quarter at Stanford means
combining study and play in a
much more personal atmosphere
than any other quarter. Everyone
is urged to participate in the
planned activities in order to in
sure their success. The social
events have been planned to in
clude the interests of all fresh
men, upperclassmen, and grad
students. The Summer Quarter
Legislature extends an open in
vitation for students to attend
;iny of its meetings. Make an ef
fort to become acquainted enjoy
yourself. See you around Quad!


SKIP SKIPWORTH
•XSSI! Summer Quarter President
Relax! It's .summer quarter!
According to tradition, the sum
mer quarter at Stanford means
combining study and play in a
much more personal atmosphere
than any other quarter. Everyone
is urged to participate in the
planned activities in order to in
sure their success. The social
events have been planned to in
clude the interests of all fresh
men, upperclassmen, and grad
students. The Summer Quarter
Legislature extends an open in
vitation for students to attend
;iny of its meetings. Make an ef
fort to become acquainted enjoy
yourself. See you around Quad!


SKIP SKIPWORTH
•XSSI! Summer Quarter President
Relax! It's .summer quarter!
According to tradition, the sum
mer quarter at Stanford means
combining study and play in a
much more personal atmosphere
than any other quarter. Everyone
is urged to participate in the
planned activities in order to in
sure their success. The social
events have been planned to in
clude the interests of all fresh
men, upperclassmen, and grad
students. The Summer Quarter
Legislature extends an open in
vitation for students to attend
;iny of its meetings. Make an ef
fort to become acquainted enjoy
yourself. See you around Quad!


SKIP SKIPWORTH
•XSSI! Summer Quarter President
Relax! It's .summer quarter!
According to tradition, the sum
mer quarter at Stanford means
combining study and play in a
much more personal atmosphere
than any other quarter. Everyone
is urged to participate in the
planned activities in order to in
sure their success. The social
events have been planned to in
clude the interests of all fresh
men, upperclassmen, and grad
students. The Summer Quarter
Legislature extends an open in
vitation for students to attend
;iny of its meetings. Make an ef
fort to become acquainted enjoy
yourself. See you around Quad!


SKIP SKIPWORTH
•XSSI! Summer Quarter President
Relax! It's .summer quarter!
According to tradition, the sum
mer quarter at Stanford means
combining study and play in a
much more personal atmosphere
than any other quarter. Everyone
is urged to participate in the
planned activities in order to in
sure their success. The social
events have been planned to in
clude the interests of all fresh
men, upperclassmen, and grad
students. The Summer Quarter
Legislature extends an open in
vitation for students to attend
;iny of its meetings. Make an ef
fort to become acquainted enjoy
yourself. See you around Quad!


SKIP SKIPWORTH
•XSSI! Summer Quarter President
Relax! It's .summer quarter!
According to tradition, the sum
mer quarter at Stanford means
combining study and play in a
much more personal atmosphere
than any other quarter. Everyone
is urged to participate in the
planned activities in order to in
sure their success. The social
events have been planned to in
clude the interests of all fresh
men, upperclassmen, and grad
students. The Summer Quarter
Legislature extends an open in
vitation for students to attend
;iny of its meetings. Make an ef
fort to become acquainted enjoy
yourself. See you around Quad!


SKIP SKIPWORTH
•XSSI! Summer Quarter President
Relax! It's .summer quarter!
According to tradition, the sum
mer quarter at Stanford means
combining study and play in a
much more personal atmosphere
than any other quarter. Everyone
is urged to participate in the
planned activities in order to in
sure their success. The social
events have been planned to in
clude the interests of all fresh
men, upperclassmen, and grad
students. The Summer Quarter
Legislature extends an open in
vitation for students to attend
;iny of its meetings. Make an ef
fort to become acquainted enjoy
yourself. See you around Quad!


SKIP SKIPWORTH
•XSSI! Summer Quarter President
Relax! It's .summer quarter!
According to tradition, the sum
mer quarter at Stanford means
combining study and play in a
much more personal atmosphere
than any other quarter. Everyone
is urged to participate in the
planned activities in order to in
sure their success. The social
events have been planned to in
clude the interests of all fresh
men, upperclassmen, and grad
students. The Summer Quarter
Legislature extends an open in
vitation for students to attend
;iny of its meetings. Make an ef
fort to become acquainted enjoy
yourself. See you around Quad!


SKIP SKIPWORTH
•XSSI! Summer Quarter President
Relax! It's .summer quarter!
According to tradition, the sum
mer quarter at Stanford means
combining study and play in a
much more personal atmosphere
than any other quarter. Everyone
is urged to participate in the
planned activities in order to in
sure their success. The social
events have been planned to in
clude the interests of all fresh
men, upperclassmen, and grad
students. The Summer Quarter
Legislature extends an open in
vitation for students to attend
;iny of its meetings. Make an ef
fort to become acquainted enjoy
yourself. See you around Quad!


SKIP SKIPWORTH
•XSSI! Summer Quarter President
Relax! It's .summer quarter!
According to tradition, the sum
mer quarter at Stanford means
combining study and play in a
much more personal atmosphere
than any other quarter. Everyone
is urged to participate in the
planned activities in order to in
sure their success. The social
events have been planned to in
clude the interests of all fresh
men, upperclassmen, and grad
students. The Summer Quarter
Legislature extends an open in
vitation for students to attend
;iny of its meetings. Make an ef
fort to become acquainted enjoy
yourself. See you around Quad!


SKIP SKIPWORTH
•XSSI! Summer Quarter President
Relax! It's .summer quarter!
According to tradition, the sum
mer quarter at Stanford means
combining study and play in a
much more personal atmosphere
than any other quarter. Everyone
is urged to participate in the
planned activities in order to in
sure their success. The social
events have been planned to in
clude the interests of all fresh
men, upperclassmen, and grad
students. The Summer Quarter
Legislature extends an open in
vitation for students to attend
;iny of its meetings. Make an ef
fort to become acquainted enjoy
yourself. See you around Quad!


SKIP SKIPWORTH
•XSSI! Summer Quarter President
Relax! It's .summer quarter!
According to tradition, the sum
mer quarter at Stanford means
combining study and play in a
much more personal atmosphere
than any other quarter. Everyone
is urged to participate in the
planned activities in order to in
sure their success. The social
events have been planned to in
clude the interests of all fresh
men, upperclassmen, and grad
students. The Summer Quarter
Legislature extends an open in
vitation for students to attend
;iny of its meetings. Make an ef
fort to become acquainted enjoy
yourself. See you around Quad!


SKIP SKIPWORTH
•XSSI! Summer Quarter President
Relax! It's .summer quarter!
According to tradition, the sum
mer quarter at Stanford means
combining study and play in a
much more personal atmosphere
than any other quarter. Everyone
is urged to participate in the
planned activities in order to in
sure their success. The social
events have been planned to in
clude the interests of all fresh
men, upperclassmen, and grad
students. The Summer Quarter
Legislature extends an open in
vitation for students to attend
;iny of its meetings. Make an ef
fort to become acquainted enjoy
yourself. See you around Quad!


SKIP SKIPWORTH
•XSSI! Summer Quarter President
Relax! It's .summer quarter!
According to tradition, the sum
mer quarter at Stanford means
combining study and play in a
much more personal atmosphere
than any other quarter. Everyone
is urged to participate in the
planned activities in order to in
sure their success. The social
events have been planned to in
clude the interests of all fresh
men, upperclassmen, and grad
students. The Summer Quarter
Legislature extends an open in
vitation for students to attend
;iny of its meetings. Make an ef
fort to become acquainted enjoy
yourself. See you around Quad!


SKIP SKIPWORTH
•XSSI! Summer Quarter President
Relax! It's .summer quarter!
According to tradition, the sum
mer quarter at Stanford means
combining study and play in a
much more personal atmosphere
than any other quarter. Everyone
is urged to participate in the
planned activities in order to in
sure their success. The social
events have been planned to in
clude the interests of all fresh
men, upperclassmen, and grad
students. The Summer Quarter
Legislature extends an open in
vitation for students to attend
;iny of its meetings. Make an ef
fort to become acquainted enjoy
yourself. See you around Quad!


SKIP SKIPWORTH
•XSSI! Summer Quarter President
