# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement, of Marjnric Chapman '45
to Gilbert Tompson '43, S.A.E.; Vir
ginia Mai tu irk '45 to Art Couzens,
A.S.T.; and Clare Tompson '43 to Lt.
, Jack Riggs U.S.N. A.O.Pi announces
the marriages of Barbara A/bell '44
to Charles Reid, Alpha Sig. and Mar
tbalu Newton '45 to Lt. Joseph H.
Jackson U.S.M.C.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement, of Marjnric Chapman '45
to Gilbert Tompson '43, S.A.E.; Vir
ginia Mai tu irk '45 to Art Couzens,
A.S.T.; and Clare Tompson '43 to Lt.
, Jack Riggs U.S.N. A.O.Pi announces
the marriages of Barbara A/bell '44
to Charles Reid, Alpha Sig. and Mar
tbalu Newton '45 to Lt. Joseph H.
Jackson U.S.M.C.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement, of Marjnric Chapman '45
to Gilbert Tompson '43, S.A.E.; Vir
ginia Mai tu irk '45 to Art Couzens,
A.S.T.; and Clare Tompson '43 to Lt.
, Jack Riggs U.S.N. A.O.Pi announces
the marriages of Barbara A/bell '44
to Charles Reid, Alpha Sig. and Mar
tbalu Newton '45 to Lt. Joseph H.
Jackson U.S.M.C.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement, of Marjnric Chapman '45
to Gilbert Tompson '43, S.A.E.; Vir
ginia Mai tu irk '45 to Art Couzens,
A.S.T.; and Clare Tompson '43 to Lt.
, Jack Riggs U.S.N. A.O.Pi announces
the marriages of Barbara A/bell '44
to Charles Reid, Alpha Sig. and Mar
tbalu Newton '45 to Lt. Joseph H.
Jackson U.S.M.C.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement, of Marjnric Chapman '45
to Gilbert Tompson '43, S.A.E.; Vir
ginia Mai tu irk '45 to Art Couzens,
A.S.T.; and Clare Tompson '43 to Lt.
, Jack Riggs U.S.N. A.O.Pi announces
the marriages of Barbara A/bell '44
to Charles Reid, Alpha Sig. and Mar
tbalu Newton '45 to Lt. Joseph H.
Jackson U.S.M.C.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement, of Marjnric Chapman '45
to Gilbert Tompson '43, S.A.E.; Vir
ginia Mai tu irk '45 to Art Couzens,
A.S.T.; and Clare Tompson '43 to Lt.
, Jack Riggs U.S.N. A.O.Pi announces
the marriages of Barbara A/bell '44
to Charles Reid, Alpha Sig. and Mar
tbalu Newton '45 to Lt. Joseph H.
Jackson U.S.M.C.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement, of Marjnric Chapman '45
to Gilbert Tompson '43, S.A.E.; Vir
ginia Mai tu irk '45 to Art Couzens,
A.S.T.; and Clare Tompson '43 to Lt.
, Jack Riggs U.S.N. A.O.Pi announces
the marriages of Barbara A/bell '44
to Charles Reid, Alpha Sig. and Mar
tbalu Newton '45 to Lt. Joseph H.
Jackson U.S.M.C.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement, of Marjnric Chapman '45
to Gilbert Tompson '43, S.A.E.; Vir
ginia Mai tu irk '45 to Art Couzens,
A.S.T.; and Clare Tompson '43 to Lt.
, Jack Riggs U.S.N. A.O.Pi announces
the marriages of Barbara A/bell '44
to Charles Reid, Alpha Sig. and Mar
tbalu Newton '45 to Lt. Joseph H.
Jackson U.S.M.C.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement, of Marjnric Chapman '45
to Gilbert Tompson '43, S.A.E.; Vir
ginia Mai tu irk '45 to Art Couzens,
A.S.T.; and Clare Tompson '43 to Lt.
, Jack Riggs U.S.N. A.O.Pi announces
the marriages of Barbara A/bell '44
to Charles Reid, Alpha Sig. and Mar
tbalu Newton '45 to Lt. Joseph H.
Jackson U.S.M.C.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement, of Marjnric Chapman '45
to Gilbert Tompson '43, S.A.E.; Vir
ginia Mai tu irk '45 to Art Couzens,
A.S.T.; and Clare Tompson '43 to Lt.
, Jack Riggs U.S.N. A.O.Pi announces
the marriages of Barbara A/bell '44
to Charles Reid, Alpha Sig. and Mar
tbalu Newton '45 to Lt. Joseph H.
Jackson U.S.M.C.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement, of Marjnric Chapman '45
to Gilbert Tompson '43, S.A.E.; Vir
ginia Mai tu irk '45 to Art Couzens,
A.S.T.; and Clare Tompson '43 to Lt.
, Jack Riggs U.S.N. A.O.Pi announces
the marriages of Barbara A/bell '44
to Charles Reid, Alpha Sig. and Mar
tbalu Newton '45 to Lt. Joseph H.
Jackson U.S.M.C.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement, of Marjnric Chapman '45
to Gilbert Tompson '43, S.A.E.; Vir
ginia Mai tu irk '45 to Art Couzens,
A.S.T.; and Clare Tompson '43 to Lt.
, Jack Riggs U.S.N. A.O.Pi announces
the marriages of Barbara A/bell '44
to Charles Reid, Alpha Sig. and Mar
tbalu Newton '45 to Lt. Joseph H.
Jackson U.S.M.C.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement, of Marjnric Chapman '45
to Gilbert Tompson '43, S.A.E.; Vir
ginia Mai tu irk '45 to Art Couzens,
A.S.T.; and Clare Tompson '43 to Lt.
, Jack Riggs U.S.N. A.O.Pi announces
the marriages of Barbara A/bell '44
to Charles Reid, Alpha Sig. and Mar
tbalu Newton '45 to Lt. Joseph H.
Jackson U.S.M.C.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement, of Marjnric Chapman '45
to Gilbert Tompson '43, S.A.E.; Vir
ginia Mai tu irk '45 to Art Couzens,
A.S.T.; and Clare Tompson '43 to Lt.
, Jack Riggs U.S.N. A.O.Pi announces
the marriages of Barbara A/bell '44
to Charles Reid, Alpha Sig. and Mar
tbalu Newton '45 to Lt. Joseph H.
Jackson U.S.M.C.
Alpha Omicron Pi announces the
engagement, of Marjnric Chapman '45
to Gilbert Tompson '43, S.A.E.; Vir
ginia Mai tu irk '45 to Art Couzens,
A.S.T.; and Clare Tompson '43 to Lt.
, Jack Riggs U.S.N. A.O.Pi announces
the marriages of Barbara A/bell '44
to Charles Reid, Alpha Sig. and Mar
tbalu Newton '45 to Lt. Joseph H.
Jackson U.S.M.C.
