# BIZ STAFF MEETS
## 
### 
The Business Staff of the Stanford
Daily will meet Sunday at 12:30 in
the Shack. All staff members are
required to attend. Any persons in
terested in joining the Biz Staff are
welcome.
The Business Staff of the Stanford
Daily will meet Sunday at 12:30 in
the Shack. All staff members are
required to attend. Any persons in
terested in joining the Biz Staff are
welcome.
The Business Staff of the Stanford
Daily will meet Sunday at 12:30 in
the Shack. All staff members are
required to attend. Any persons in
terested in joining the Biz Staff are
welcome.
The Business Staff of the Stanford
Daily will meet Sunday at 12:30 in
the Shack. All staff members are
required to attend. Any persons in
terested in joining the Biz Staff are
welcome.
The Business Staff of the Stanford
Daily will meet Sunday at 12:30 in
the Shack. All staff members are
required to attend. Any persons in
terested in joining the Biz Staff are
welcome.
The Business Staff of the Stanford
Daily will meet Sunday at 12:30 in
the Shack. All staff members are
required to attend. Any persons in
terested in joining the Biz Staff are
welcome.
The Business Staff of the Stanford
Daily will meet Sunday at 12:30 in
the Shack. All staff members are
required to attend. Any persons in
terested in joining the Biz Staff are
welcome.
The Business Staff of the Stanford
Daily will meet Sunday at 12:30 in
the Shack. All staff members are
required to attend. Any persons in
terested in joining the Biz Staff are
welcome.
The Business Staff of the Stanford
Daily will meet Sunday at 12:30 in
the Shack. All staff members are
required to attend. Any persons in
terested in joining the Biz Staff are
welcome.
The Business Staff of the Stanford
Daily will meet Sunday at 12:30 in
the Shack. All staff members are
required to attend. Any persons in
terested in joining the Biz Staff are
welcome.
The Business Staff of the Stanford
Daily will meet Sunday at 12:30 in
the Shack. All staff members are
required to attend. Any persons in
terested in joining the Biz Staff are
welcome.
The Business Staff of the Stanford
Daily will meet Sunday at 12:30 in
the Shack. All staff members are
required to attend. Any persons in
terested in joining the Biz Staff are
welcome.
The Business Staff of the Stanford
Daily will meet Sunday at 12:30 in
the Shack. All staff members are
required to attend. Any persons in
terested in joining the Biz Staff are
welcome.
The Business Staff of the Stanford
Daily will meet Sunday at 12:30 in
the Shack. All staff members are
required to attend. Any persons in
terested in joining the Biz Staff are
welcome.
The Business Staff of the Stanford
Daily will meet Sunday at 12:30 in
the Shack. All staff members are
required to attend. Any persons in
terested in joining the Biz Staff are
welcome.
