# Nitery Parties To Be Given By Mariposa and Gamma Phi
## 
### 
Gamma Phi's and girls from Mari
posa will be hostesses in the Nitery
tonight and tomorrow night, an
nounced Max Keith of the Nitery
committee. Everyone is invited to go
to the Nitery after attending the
Spring Show.
"Make Believe Ballroom" will be

the theme of the Gamma Phi party
tonight from 8:30 to 11:30. Dancing
to the music of good records aided by
a loud speaker will be the feature of
the evening. Guests will play games,
"broom dance," and "pass the lem
ons." Doughnuts will be served.
Mariposa's party will be called
"Three on a Match" and will be held
tomorrow night from 8 to 12. The
theme for the evening will be super
stition. and at 11 a skit will be pre
sented. Other activities planned for
the evening are fortune telling, danc
ing, and refreshments.
All students and members of the
faculty are invited to attend these
parties, with or without dates, espe
cially after the Spring Show.
