# Civs Down Army; Soccer Continues
## 
### 
The third of a series of Army vs.
Civilian soccer games will be played
this afternoon at 4. Ralph Ebner,
official referee for the California
Soccer League, will referee the first
string game and the remaining army
players will play a separate game on
Maloney field.
Soccer got off to a late start this
quarter, but according to Coach Ma
loney, the standard of play is al
ready high. Two games have been
played against the Army and the Ci
vilians remain undefeated. The first
game ended in a 2-2 goal draw and
the second, played last Friday, was
won by the Civilians 3-2.
Ross was outstanding in the back
position, while Paksoy, van Reekum,
and Gencer formed an efficient half
line. In the forward line> Salinas and
Grana played well, the latter scoring
from a penalty kick. Sidwell scored
the remaining two goals for the Civi
lians.
The third of a series of Army vs.
Civilian soccer games will be played
this afternoon at 4. Ralph Ebner,
official referee for the California
Soccer League, will referee the first
string game and the remaining army
players will play a separate game on
Maloney field.
Soccer got off to a late start this
quarter, but according to Coach Ma
loney, the standard of play is al
ready high. Two games have been
played against the Army and the Ci
vilians remain undefeated. The first
game ended in a 2-2 goal draw and
the second, played last Friday, was
won by the Civilians 3-2.
Ross was outstanding in the back
position, while Paksoy, van Reekum,
and Gencer formed an efficient half
line. In the forward line> Salinas and
Grana played well, the latter scoring
from a penalty kick. Sidwell scored
the remaining two goals for the Civi
lians.
The third of a series of Army vs.
Civilian soccer games will be played
this afternoon at 4. Ralph Ebner,
official referee for the California
Soccer League, will referee the first
string game and the remaining army
players will play a separate game on
Maloney field.
Soccer got off to a late start this
quarter, but according to Coach Ma
loney, the standard of play is al
ready high. Two games have been
played against the Army and the Ci
vilians remain undefeated. The first
game ended in a 2-2 goal draw and
the second, played last Friday, was
won by the Civilians 3-2.
Ross was outstanding in the back
position, while Paksoy, van Reekum,
and Gencer formed an efficient half
line. In the forward line> Salinas and
Grana played well, the latter scoring
from a penalty kick. Sidwell scored
the remaining two goals for the Civi
lians.
The third of a series of Army vs.
Civilian soccer games will be played
this afternoon at 4. Ralph Ebner,
official referee for the California
Soccer League, will referee the first
string game and the remaining army
players will play a separate game on
Maloney field.
Soccer got off to a late start this
quarter, but according to Coach Ma
loney, the standard of play is al
ready high. Two games have been
played against the Army and the Ci
vilians remain undefeated. The first
game ended in a 2-2 goal draw and
the second, played last Friday, was
won by the Civilians 3-2.
Ross was outstanding in the back
position, while Paksoy, van Reekum,
and Gencer formed an efficient half
line. In the forward line> Salinas and
Grana played well, the latter scoring
from a penalty kick. Sidwell scored
the remaining two goals for the Civi
lians.
The third of a series of Army vs.
Civilian soccer games will be played
this afternoon at 4. Ralph Ebner,
official referee for the California
Soccer League, will referee the first
string game and the remaining army
players will play a separate game on
Maloney field.
Soccer got off to a late start this
quarter, but according to Coach Ma
loney, the standard of play is al
ready high. Two games have been
played against the Army and the Ci
vilians remain undefeated. The first
game ended in a 2-2 goal draw and
the second, played last Friday, was
won by the Civilians 3-2.
Ross was outstanding in the back
position, while Paksoy, van Reekum,
and Gencer formed an efficient half
line. In the forward line> Salinas and
Grana played well, the latter scoring
from a penalty kick. Sidwell scored
the remaining two goals for the Civi
lians.
The third of a series of Army vs.
Civilian soccer games will be played
this afternoon at 4. Ralph Ebner,
official referee for the California
Soccer League, will referee the first
string game and the remaining army
players will play a separate game on
Maloney field.
Soccer got off to a late start this
quarter, but according to Coach Ma
loney, the standard of play is al
ready high. Two games have been
played against the Army and the Ci
vilians remain undefeated. The first
game ended in a 2-2 goal draw and
the second, played last Friday, was
won by the Civilians 3-2.
Ross was outstanding in the back
position, while Paksoy, van Reekum,
and Gencer formed an efficient half
line. In the forward line> Salinas and
Grana played well, the latter scoring
from a penalty kick. Sidwell scored
the remaining two goals for the Civi
lians.
The third of a series of Army vs.
Civilian soccer games will be played
this afternoon at 4. Ralph Ebner,
official referee for the California
Soccer League, will referee the first
string game and the remaining army
players will play a separate game on
Maloney field.
Soccer got off to a late start this
quarter, but according to Coach Ma
loney, the standard of play is al
ready high. Two games have been
played against the Army and the Ci
vilians remain undefeated. The first
game ended in a 2-2 goal draw and
the second, played last Friday, was
won by the Civilians 3-2.
Ross was outstanding in the back
position, while Paksoy, van Reekum,
and Gencer formed an efficient half
line. In the forward line> Salinas and
Grana played well, the latter scoring
from a penalty kick. Sidwell scored
the remaining two goals for the Civi
lians.
The third of a series of Army vs.
Civilian soccer games will be played
this afternoon at 4. Ralph Ebner,
official referee for the California
Soccer League, will referee the first
string game and the remaining army
players will play a separate game on
Maloney field.
Soccer got off to a late start this
quarter, but according to Coach Ma
loney, the standard of play is al
ready high. Two games have been
played against the Army and the Ci
vilians remain undefeated. The first
game ended in a 2-2 goal draw and
the second, played last Friday, was
won by the Civilians 3-2.
Ross was outstanding in the back
position, while Paksoy, van Reekum,
and Gencer formed an efficient half
line. In the forward line> Salinas and
Grana played well, the latter scoring
from a penalty kick. Sidwell scored
the remaining two goals for the Civi
lians.
The third of a series of Army vs.
Civilian soccer games will be played
this afternoon at 4. Ralph Ebner,
official referee for the California
Soccer League, will referee the first
string game and the remaining army
players will play a separate game on
Maloney field.
Soccer got off to a late start this
quarter, but according to Coach Ma
loney, the standard of play is al
ready high. Two games have been
played against the Army and the Ci
vilians remain undefeated. The first
game ended in a 2-2 goal draw and
the second, played last Friday, was
won by the Civilians 3-2.
Ross was outstanding in the back
position, while Paksoy, van Reekum,
and Gencer formed an efficient half
line. In the forward line> Salinas and
Grana played well, the latter scoring
from a penalty kick. Sidwell scored
the remaining two goals for the Civi
lians.
The third of a series of Army vs.
Civilian soccer games will be played
this afternoon at 4. Ralph Ebner,
official referee for the California
Soccer League, will referee the first
string game and the remaining army
players will play a separate game on
Maloney field.
Soccer got off to a late start this
quarter, but according to Coach Ma
loney, the standard of play is al
ready high. Two games have been
played against the Army and the Ci
vilians remain undefeated. The first
game ended in a 2-2 goal draw and
the second, played last Friday, was
won by the Civilians 3-2.
Ross was outstanding in the back
position, while Paksoy, van Reekum,
and Gencer formed an efficient half
line. In the forward line> Salinas and
Grana played well, the latter scoring
from a penalty kick. Sidwell scored
the remaining two goals for the Civi
lians.
The third of a series of Army vs.
Civilian soccer games will be played
this afternoon at 4. Ralph Ebner,
official referee for the California
Soccer League, will referee the first
string game and the remaining army
players will play a separate game on
Maloney field.
Soccer got off to a late start this
quarter, but according to Coach Ma
loney, the standard of play is al
ready high. Two games have been
played against the Army and the Ci
vilians remain undefeated. The first
game ended in a 2-2 goal draw and
the second, played last Friday, was
won by the Civilians 3-2.
Ross was outstanding in the back
position, while Paksoy, van Reekum,
and Gencer formed an efficient half
line. In the forward line> Salinas and
Grana played well, the latter scoring
from a penalty kick. Sidwell scored
the remaining two goals for the Civi
lians.
The third of a series of Army vs.
Civilian soccer games will be played
this afternoon at 4. Ralph Ebner,
official referee for the California
Soccer League, will referee the first
string game and the remaining army
players will play a separate game on
Maloney field.
Soccer got off to a late start this
quarter, but according to Coach Ma
loney, the standard of play is al
ready high. Two games have been
played against the Army and the Ci
vilians remain undefeated. The first
game ended in a 2-2 goal draw and
the second, played last Friday, was
won by the Civilians 3-2.
Ross was outstanding in the back
position, while Paksoy, van Reekum,
and Gencer formed an efficient half
line. In the forward line> Salinas and
Grana played well, the latter scoring
from a penalty kick. Sidwell scored
the remaining two goals for the Civi
lians.
The third of a series of Army vs.
Civilian soccer games will be played
this afternoon at 4. Ralph Ebner,
official referee for the California
Soccer League, will referee the first
string game and the remaining army
players will play a separate game on
Maloney field.
Soccer got off to a late start this
quarter, but according to Coach Ma
loney, the standard of play is al
ready high. Two games have been
played against the Army and the Ci
vilians remain undefeated. The first
game ended in a 2-2 goal draw and
the second, played last Friday, was
won by the Civilians 3-2.
Ross was outstanding in the back
position, while Paksoy, van Reekum,
and Gencer formed an efficient half
line. In the forward line> Salinas and
Grana played well, the latter scoring
from a penalty kick. Sidwell scored
the remaining two goals for the Civi
lians.
The third of a series of Army vs.
Civilian soccer games will be played
this afternoon at 4. Ralph Ebner,
official referee for the California
Soccer League, will referee the first
string game and the remaining army
players will play a separate game on
Maloney field.
Soccer got off to a late start this
quarter, but according to Coach Ma
loney, the standard of play is al
ready high. Two games have been
played against the Army and the Ci
vilians remain undefeated. The first
game ended in a 2-2 goal draw and
the second, played last Friday, was
won by the Civilians 3-2.
Ross was outstanding in the back
position, while Paksoy, van Reekum,
and Gencer formed an efficient half
line. In the forward line> Salinas and
Grana played well, the latter scoring
from a penalty kick. Sidwell scored
the remaining two goals for the Civi
lians.
The third of a series of Army vs.
Civilian soccer games will be played
this afternoon at 4. Ralph Ebner,
official referee for the California
Soccer League, will referee the first
string game and the remaining army
players will play a separate game on
Maloney field.
Soccer got off to a late start this
quarter, but according to Coach Ma
loney, the standard of play is al
ready high. Two games have been
played against the Army and the Ci
vilians remain undefeated. The first
game ended in a 2-2 goal draw and
the second, played last Friday, was
won by the Civilians 3-2.
Ross was outstanding in the back
position, while Paksoy, van Reekum,
and Gencer formed an efficient half
line. In the forward line> Salinas and
Grana played well, the latter scoring
from a penalty kick. Sidwell scored
the remaining two goals for the Civi
lians.
