# ANNOUNCEMENT
## 
### 
Christian Science Society—Testimoni
al meeting, 7:30 p.m., third floor,
Women's Club House. Students and
faculty welcome.
Phi Alpha Delta—Will meet at the
Union, 4 p.m.
Christian Science Society—Testimoni
al meeting, 7:30 p.m., third floor,
Women's Club House. Students and
faculty welcome.
Phi Alpha Delta—Will meet at the
Union, 4 p.m.
Christian Science Society—Testimoni
al meeting, 7:30 p.m., third floor,
Women's Club House. Students and
faculty welcome.
Phi Alpha Delta—Will meet at the
Union, 4 p.m.
Christian Science Society—Testimoni
al meeting, 7:30 p.m., third floor,
Women's Club House. Students and
faculty welcome.
Phi Alpha Delta—Will meet at the
Union, 4 p.m.
Christian Science Society—Testimoni
al meeting, 7:30 p.m., third floor,
Women's Club House. Students and
faculty welcome.
Phi Alpha Delta—Will meet at the
Union, 4 p.m.
Christian Science Society—Testimoni
al meeting, 7:30 p.m., third floor,
Women's Club House. Students and
faculty welcome.
Phi Alpha Delta—Will meet at the
Union, 4 p.m.
Christian Science Society—Testimoni
al meeting, 7:30 p.m., third floor,
Women's Club House. Students and
faculty welcome.
Phi Alpha Delta—Will meet at the
Union, 4 p.m.
Christian Science Society—Testimoni
al meeting, 7:30 p.m., third floor,
Women's Club House. Students and
faculty welcome.
Phi Alpha Delta—Will meet at the
Union, 4 p.m.
Christian Science Society—Testimoni
al meeting, 7:30 p.m., third floor,
Women's Club House. Students and
faculty welcome.
Phi Alpha Delta—Will meet at the
Union, 4 p.m.
Christian Science Society—Testimoni
al meeting, 7:30 p.m., third floor,
Women's Club House. Students and
faculty welcome.
Phi Alpha Delta—Will meet at the
Union, 4 p.m.
Christian Science Society—Testimoni
al meeting, 7:30 p.m., third floor,
Women's Club House. Students and
faculty welcome.
Phi Alpha Delta—Will meet at the
Union, 4 p.m.
Christian Science Society—Testimoni
al meeting, 7:30 p.m., third floor,
Women's Club House. Students and
faculty welcome.
Phi Alpha Delta—Will meet at the
Union, 4 p.m.
Christian Science Society—Testimoni
al meeting, 7:30 p.m., third floor,
Women's Club House. Students and
faculty welcome.
Phi Alpha Delta—Will meet at the
Union, 4 p.m.
Christian Science Society—Testimoni
al meeting, 7:30 p.m., third floor,
Women's Club House. Students and
faculty welcome.
Phi Alpha Delta—Will meet at the
Union, 4 p.m.
Christian Science Society—Testimoni
al meeting, 7:30 p.m., third floor,
Women's Club House. Students and
faculty welcome.
Phi Alpha Delta—Will meet at the
Union, 4 p.m.
Christian Science Society—Testimoni
al meeting, 7:30 p.m., third floor,
Women's Club House. Students and
faculty welcome.
Phi Alpha Delta—Will meet at the
Union, 4 p.m.
