# Dining Room Will Be Organized at Sequoia
## 
### 
Sequoia Hall met. last night for dis
cussion of the eating problem, with
the result (hat the upperclassmen ap
pointed several from their number to
meet with Dean McDowell and Comp
troller A. E. Roth to make plans for
the establishment of a dining room
in Sequoia. All the facilities are at
hand, as the hall was formerly the
women's dormitory, and it is likely
that immediate action will be taken.
Dean McDowell told interestingly of
the Encina organization and the suc
cess of the Encina eating clubs, re
commending similar action at the new
hall.
A meeting will be called within a
short time at which definite steps to
ward organization will be taken. There
are at present 143 men in the hall.
Sequoia Hall met. last night for dis
cussion of the eating problem, with
the result (hat the upperclassmen ap
pointed several from their number to
meet with Dean McDowell and Comp
troller A. E. Roth to make plans for
the establishment of a dining room
in Sequoia. All the facilities are at
hand, as the hall was formerly the
women's dormitory, and it is likely
that immediate action will be taken.
Dean McDowell told interestingly of
the Encina organization and the suc
cess of the Encina eating clubs, re
commending similar action at the new
hall.
A meeting will be called within a
short time at which definite steps to
ward organization will be taken. There
are at present 143 men in the hall.
Sequoia Hall met. last night for dis
cussion of the eating problem, with
the result (hat the upperclassmen ap
pointed several from their number to
meet with Dean McDowell and Comp
troller A. E. Roth to make plans for
the establishment of a dining room
in Sequoia. All the facilities are at
hand, as the hall was formerly the
women's dormitory, and it is likely
that immediate action will be taken.
Dean McDowell told interestingly of
the Encina organization and the suc
cess of the Encina eating clubs, re
commending similar action at the new
hall.
A meeting will be called within a
short time at which definite steps to
ward organization will be taken. There
are at present 143 men in the hall.
Sequoia Hall met. last night for dis
cussion of the eating problem, with
the result (hat the upperclassmen ap
pointed several from their number to
meet with Dean McDowell and Comp
troller A. E. Roth to make plans for
the establishment of a dining room
in Sequoia. All the facilities are at
hand, as the hall was formerly the
women's dormitory, and it is likely
that immediate action will be taken.
Dean McDowell told interestingly of
the Encina organization and the suc
cess of the Encina eating clubs, re
commending similar action at the new
hall.
A meeting will be called within a
short time at which definite steps to
ward organization will be taken. There
are at present 143 men in the hall.
Sequoia Hall met. last night for dis
cussion of the eating problem, with
the result (hat the upperclassmen ap
pointed several from their number to
meet with Dean McDowell and Comp
troller A. E. Roth to make plans for
the establishment of a dining room
in Sequoia. All the facilities are at
hand, as the hall was formerly the
women's dormitory, and it is likely
that immediate action will be taken.
Dean McDowell told interestingly of
the Encina organization and the suc
cess of the Encina eating clubs, re
commending similar action at the new
hall.
A meeting will be called within a
short time at which definite steps to
ward organization will be taken. There
are at present 143 men in the hall.
Sequoia Hall met. last night for dis
cussion of the eating problem, with
the result (hat the upperclassmen ap
pointed several from their number to
meet with Dean McDowell and Comp
troller A. E. Roth to make plans for
the establishment of a dining room
in Sequoia. All the facilities are at
hand, as the hall was formerly the
women's dormitory, and it is likely
that immediate action will be taken.
Dean McDowell told interestingly of
the Encina organization and the suc
cess of the Encina eating clubs, re
commending similar action at the new
hall.
A meeting will be called within a
short time at which definite steps to
ward organization will be taken. There
are at present 143 men in the hall.
Sequoia Hall met. last night for dis
cussion of the eating problem, with
the result (hat the upperclassmen ap
pointed several from their number to
meet with Dean McDowell and Comp
troller A. E. Roth to make plans for
the establishment of a dining room
in Sequoia. All the facilities are at
hand, as the hall was formerly the
women's dormitory, and it is likely
that immediate action will be taken.
Dean McDowell told interestingly of
the Encina organization and the suc
cess of the Encina eating clubs, re
commending similar action at the new
hall.
A meeting will be called within a
short time at which definite steps to
ward organization will be taken. There
are at present 143 men in the hall.
Sequoia Hall met. last night for dis
cussion of the eating problem, with
the result (hat the upperclassmen ap
pointed several from their number to
meet with Dean McDowell and Comp
troller A. E. Roth to make plans for
the establishment of a dining room
in Sequoia. All the facilities are at
hand, as the hall was formerly the
women's dormitory, and it is likely
that immediate action will be taken.
Dean McDowell told interestingly of
the Encina organization and the suc
cess of the Encina eating clubs, re
commending similar action at the new
hall.
A meeting will be called within a
short time at which definite steps to
ward organization will be taken. There
are at present 143 men in the hall.
Sequoia Hall met. last night for dis
cussion of the eating problem, with
the result (hat the upperclassmen ap
pointed several from their number to
meet with Dean McDowell and Comp
troller A. E. Roth to make plans for
the establishment of a dining room
in Sequoia. All the facilities are at
hand, as the hall was formerly the
women's dormitory, and it is likely
that immediate action will be taken.
Dean McDowell told interestingly of
the Encina organization and the suc
cess of the Encina eating clubs, re
commending similar action at the new
hall.
A meeting will be called within a
short time at which definite steps to
ward organization will be taken. There
are at present 143 men in the hall.
Sequoia Hall met. last night for dis
cussion of the eating problem, with
the result (hat the upperclassmen ap
pointed several from their number to
meet with Dean McDowell and Comp
troller A. E. Roth to make plans for
the establishment of a dining room
in Sequoia. All the facilities are at
hand, as the hall was formerly the
women's dormitory, and it is likely
that immediate action will be taken.
Dean McDowell told interestingly of
the Encina organization and the suc
cess of the Encina eating clubs, re
commending similar action at the new
hall.
A meeting will be called within a
short time at which definite steps to
ward organization will be taken. There
are at present 143 men in the hall.
Sequoia Hall met. last night for dis
cussion of the eating problem, with
the result (hat the upperclassmen ap
pointed several from their number to
meet with Dean McDowell and Comp
troller A. E. Roth to make plans for
the establishment of a dining room
in Sequoia. All the facilities are at
hand, as the hall was formerly the
women's dormitory, and it is likely
that immediate action will be taken.
Dean McDowell told interestingly of
the Encina organization and the suc
cess of the Encina eating clubs, re
commending similar action at the new
hall.
A meeting will be called within a
short time at which definite steps to
ward organization will be taken. There
are at present 143 men in the hall.
Sequoia Hall met. last night for dis
cussion of the eating problem, with
the result (hat the upperclassmen ap
pointed several from their number to
meet with Dean McDowell and Comp
troller A. E. Roth to make plans for
the establishment of a dining room
in Sequoia. All the facilities are at
hand, as the hall was formerly the
women's dormitory, and it is likely
that immediate action will be taken.
Dean McDowell told interestingly of
the Encina organization and the suc
cess of the Encina eating clubs, re
commending similar action at the new
hall.
A meeting will be called within a
short time at which definite steps to
ward organization will be taken. There
are at present 143 men in the hall.
Sequoia Hall met. last night for dis
cussion of the eating problem, with
the result (hat the upperclassmen ap
pointed several from their number to
meet with Dean McDowell and Comp
troller A. E. Roth to make plans for
the establishment of a dining room
in Sequoia. All the facilities are at
hand, as the hall was formerly the
women's dormitory, and it is likely
that immediate action will be taken.
Dean McDowell told interestingly of
the Encina organization and the suc
cess of the Encina eating clubs, re
commending similar action at the new
hall.
A meeting will be called within a
short time at which definite steps to
ward organization will be taken. There
are at present 143 men in the hall.
Sequoia Hall met. last night for dis
cussion of the eating problem, with
the result (hat the upperclassmen ap
pointed several from their number to
meet with Dean McDowell and Comp
troller A. E. Roth to make plans for
the establishment of a dining room
in Sequoia. All the facilities are at
hand, as the hall was formerly the
women's dormitory, and it is likely
that immediate action will be taken.
Dean McDowell told interestingly of
the Encina organization and the suc
cess of the Encina eating clubs, re
commending similar action at the new
hall.
A meeting will be called within a
short time at which definite steps to
ward organization will be taken. There
are at present 143 men in the hall.
Sequoia Hall met. last night for dis
cussion of the eating problem, with
the result (hat the upperclassmen ap
pointed several from their number to
meet with Dean McDowell and Comp
troller A. E. Roth to make plans for
the establishment of a dining room
in Sequoia. All the facilities are at
hand, as the hall was formerly the
women's dormitory, and it is likely
that immediate action will be taken.
Dean McDowell told interestingly of
the Encina organization and the suc
cess of the Encina eating clubs, re
commending similar action at the new
hall.
A meeting will be called within a
short time at which definite steps to
ward organization will be taken. There
are at present 143 men in the hall.
Sequoia Hall met. last night for dis
cussion of the eating problem, with
the result (hat the upperclassmen ap
pointed several from their number to
meet with Dean McDowell and Comp
troller A. E. Roth to make plans for
the establishment of a dining room
in Sequoia. All the facilities are at
hand, as the hall was formerly the
women's dormitory, and it is likely
that immediate action will be taken.
Dean McDowell told interestingly of
the Encina organization and the suc
cess of the Encina eating clubs, re
commending similar action at the new
hall.
A meeting will be called within a
short time at which definite steps to
ward organization will be taken. There
are at present 143 men in the hall.
