# Untitled Article
## 
### 

An ancient art
Mariachi band Los Cachorros performs in White Plaza yesterday In the
500 years since conauistadors brought European-style music to the
Americas, bands like this one have integrated it in to the already well
developed musical tradition of Mexico. Today, mariachi music thrives in
the Bay Area and at Stanford, which boasts its own Mariachi Cardenal.

An ancient art
Mariachi band Los Cachorros performs in White Plaza yesterday In the
500 years since conauistadors brought European-style music to the
Americas, bands like this one have integrated it in to the already well
developed musical tradition of Mexico. Today, mariachi music thrives in
the Bay Area and at Stanford, which boasts its own Mariachi Cardenal.

An ancient art
Mariachi band Los Cachorros performs in White Plaza yesterday In the
500 years since conauistadors brought European-style music to the
Americas, bands like this one have integrated it in to the already well
developed musical tradition of Mexico. Today, mariachi music thrives in
the Bay Area and at Stanford, which boasts its own Mariachi Cardenal.

An ancient art
Mariachi band Los Cachorros performs in White Plaza yesterday In the
500 years since conauistadors brought European-style music to the
Americas, bands like this one have integrated it in to the already well
developed musical tradition of Mexico. Today, mariachi music thrives in
the Bay Area and at Stanford, which boasts its own Mariachi Cardenal.

An ancient art
Mariachi band Los Cachorros performs in White Plaza yesterday In the
500 years since conauistadors brought European-style music to the
Americas, bands like this one have integrated it in to the already well
developed musical tradition of Mexico. Today, mariachi music thrives in
the Bay Area and at Stanford, which boasts its own Mariachi Cardenal.

An ancient art
Mariachi band Los Cachorros performs in White Plaza yesterday In the
500 years since conauistadors brought European-style music to the
Americas, bands like this one have integrated it in to the already well
developed musical tradition of Mexico. Today, mariachi music thrives in
the Bay Area and at Stanford, which boasts its own Mariachi Cardenal.

An ancient art
Mariachi band Los Cachorros performs in White Plaza yesterday In the
500 years since conauistadors brought European-style music to the
Americas, bands like this one have integrated it in to the already well
developed musical tradition of Mexico. Today, mariachi music thrives in
the Bay Area and at Stanford, which boasts its own Mariachi Cardenal.
