# HOLD NOVICE BOXING BOUTS IN NOVEMBER
## 
### 
The varsity boxing squad voted yes
terday to hold the Novice Boxing
Tournament near the end of Autumn
Quarter, and also decided that the
all-University boxing tournament
should be held over until Winter
Quarter.
Definite dates were not decided
upon, but the novice tournament will
be held sometime around the end of
November. This date will give those
interested sufficient time to train for
the event, and likewise give the box
ing squad a better schedule for win
ter.
The all-University bouts, held just
before the intercollegiate encounters,
will take place about the fourth or
fifth week of Winter Quarter, and
following this event the team will pre
pare for its scheduled collegiate
matches.
