# Roble Discussion Group To Be Presided Over By Yost
## 
### 
Speaking before the Roble house
meeting last night, Dean Mary Yost
announced that she would preside
over a discussion group in the Roble
library every other Monday night on
any particular current problems that
were brought up or on any particular
questions submitted to Helen Duryea,
head sponsor. Next week the subject
is to be "What are we here for?"
Speaking before the Roble house
meeting last night, Dean Mary Yost
announced that she would preside
over a discussion group in the Roble
library every other Monday night on
any particular current problems that
were brought up or on any particular
questions submitted to Helen Duryea,
head sponsor. Next week the subject
is to be "What are we here for?"
Speaking before the Roble house
meeting last night, Dean Mary Yost
announced that she would preside
over a discussion group in the Roble
library every other Monday night on
any particular current problems that
were brought up or on any particular
questions submitted to Helen Duryea,
head sponsor. Next week the subject
is to be "What are we here for?"
Speaking before the Roble house
meeting last night, Dean Mary Yost
announced that she would preside
over a discussion group in the Roble
library every other Monday night on
any particular current problems that
were brought up or on any particular
questions submitted to Helen Duryea,
head sponsor. Next week the subject
is to be "What are we here for?"
Speaking before the Roble house
meeting last night, Dean Mary Yost
announced that she would preside
over a discussion group in the Roble
library every other Monday night on
any particular current problems that
were brought up or on any particular
questions submitted to Helen Duryea,
head sponsor. Next week the subject
is to be "What are we here for?"
Speaking before the Roble house
meeting last night, Dean Mary Yost
announced that she would preside
over a discussion group in the Roble
library every other Monday night on
any particular current problems that
were brought up or on any particular
questions submitted to Helen Duryea,
head sponsor. Next week the subject
is to be "What are we here for?"
Speaking before the Roble house
meeting last night, Dean Mary Yost
announced that she would preside
over a discussion group in the Roble
library every other Monday night on
any particular current problems that
were brought up or on any particular
questions submitted to Helen Duryea,
head sponsor. Next week the subject
is to be "What are we here for?"
Speaking before the Roble house
meeting last night, Dean Mary Yost
announced that she would preside
over a discussion group in the Roble
library every other Monday night on
any particular current problems that
were brought up or on any particular
questions submitted to Helen Duryea,
head sponsor. Next week the subject
is to be "What are we here for?"
Speaking before the Roble house
meeting last night, Dean Mary Yost
announced that she would preside
over a discussion group in the Roble
library every other Monday night on
any particular current problems that
were brought up or on any particular
questions submitted to Helen Duryea,
head sponsor. Next week the subject
is to be "What are we here for?"
Speaking before the Roble house
meeting last night, Dean Mary Yost
announced that she would preside
over a discussion group in the Roble
library every other Monday night on
any particular current problems that
were brought up or on any particular
questions submitted to Helen Duryea,
head sponsor. Next week the subject
is to be "What are we here for?"
Speaking before the Roble house
meeting last night, Dean Mary Yost
announced that she would preside
over a discussion group in the Roble
library every other Monday night on
any particular current problems that
were brought up or on any particular
questions submitted to Helen Duryea,
head sponsor. Next week the subject
is to be "What are we here for?"
Speaking before the Roble house
meeting last night, Dean Mary Yost
announced that she would preside
over a discussion group in the Roble
library every other Monday night on
any particular current problems that
were brought up or on any particular
questions submitted to Helen Duryea,
head sponsor. Next week the subject
is to be "What are we here for?"
Speaking before the Roble house
meeting last night, Dean Mary Yost
announced that she would preside
over a discussion group in the Roble
library every other Monday night on
any particular current problems that
were brought up or on any particular
questions submitted to Helen Duryea,
head sponsor. Next week the subject
is to be "What are we here for?"
Speaking before the Roble house
meeting last night, Dean Mary Yost
announced that she would preside
over a discussion group in the Roble
library every other Monday night on
any particular current problems that
were brought up or on any particular
questions submitted to Helen Duryea,
head sponsor. Next week the subject
is to be "What are we here for?"
Speaking before the Roble house
meeting last night, Dean Mary Yost
announced that she would preside
over a discussion group in the Roble
library every other Monday night on
any particular current problems that
were brought up or on any particular
questions submitted to Helen Duryea,
head sponsor. Next week the subject
is to be "What are we here for?"
Speaking before the Roble house
meeting last night, Dean Mary Yost
announced that she would preside
over a discussion group in the Roble
library every other Monday night on
any particular current problems that
were brought up or on any particular
questions submitted to Helen Duryea,
head sponsor. Next week the subject
is to be "What are we here for?"
Speaking before the Roble house
meeting last night, Dean Mary Yost
announced that she would preside
over a discussion group in the Roble
library every other Monday night on
any particular current problems that
were brought up or on any particular
questions submitted to Helen Duryea,
head sponsor. Next week the subject
is to be "What are we here for?"
