# DAILY CALIFORNIAN LAUDS SCHOLARSHIP OF CARD ATHLETES
## 
### 
Scholarship of Stanford's ath
letes is considerably higher than
that of the Golden Bear cohorts,
according to a report published
by the Daily Californian, student
paper. The Cardinals' academic
efforts brought them marks aver
aging approximately 16 per cent
higher than the grades received
by the California athletes.
The grades of 83 U.C. men en
gaged in extra-curricular ath
letics averaged 1.25, a weak C
plus; members of five Stanford
varsity squads had an average
standing of 1.45, almost a 13
minus average.
The computations were based
on the system of crediting one
grade point for each unit of C
work.
