# CHESS CHAMPION
## 
### 
HEIDELBERG, Germany, Oct. 7. (/P)
—Dr. Alexander Alekhine of Paris
today defeated E. D. Bogoljubow of
Triber in a chess match in defense of
the world championship held by the
former.
HEIDELBERG, Germany, Oct. 7. (/P)
—Dr. Alexander Alekhine of Paris
today defeated E. D. Bogoljubow of
Triber in a chess match in defense of
the world championship held by the
former.
HEIDELBERG, Germany, Oct. 7. (/P)
—Dr. Alexander Alekhine of Paris
today defeated E. D. Bogoljubow of
Triber in a chess match in defense of
the world championship held by the
former.
HEIDELBERG, Germany, Oct. 7. (/P)
—Dr. Alexander Alekhine of Paris
today defeated E. D. Bogoljubow of
Triber in a chess match in defense of
the world championship held by the
former.
HEIDELBERG, Germany, Oct. 7. (/P)
—Dr. Alexander Alekhine of Paris
today defeated E. D. Bogoljubow of
Triber in a chess match in defense of
the world championship held by the
former.
HEIDELBERG, Germany, Oct. 7. (/P)
—Dr. Alexander Alekhine of Paris
today defeated E. D. Bogoljubow of
Triber in a chess match in defense of
the world championship held by the
former.
HEIDELBERG, Germany, Oct. 7. (/P)
—Dr. Alexander Alekhine of Paris
today defeated E. D. Bogoljubow of
Triber in a chess match in defense of
the world championship held by the
former.
HEIDELBERG, Germany, Oct. 7. (/P)
—Dr. Alexander Alekhine of Paris
today defeated E. D. Bogoljubow of
Triber in a chess match in defense of
the world championship held by the
former.
HEIDELBERG, Germany, Oct. 7. (/P)
—Dr. Alexander Alekhine of Paris
today defeated E. D. Bogoljubow of
Triber in a chess match in defense of
the world championship held by the
former.
HEIDELBERG, Germany, Oct. 7. (/P)
—Dr. Alexander Alekhine of Paris
today defeated E. D. Bogoljubow of
Triber in a chess match in defense of
the world championship held by the
former.
HEIDELBERG, Germany, Oct. 7. (/P)
—Dr. Alexander Alekhine of Paris
today defeated E. D. Bogoljubow of
Triber in a chess match in defense of
the world championship held by the
former.
HEIDELBERG, Germany, Oct. 7. (/P)
—Dr. Alexander Alekhine of Paris
today defeated E. D. Bogoljubow of
Triber in a chess match in defense of
the world championship held by the
former.
HEIDELBERG, Germany, Oct. 7. (/P)
—Dr. Alexander Alekhine of Paris
today defeated E. D. Bogoljubow of
Triber in a chess match in defense of
the world championship held by the
former.
HEIDELBERG, Germany, Oct. 7. (/P)
—Dr. Alexander Alekhine of Paris
today defeated E. D. Bogoljubow of
Triber in a chess match in defense of
the world championship held by the
former.
HEIDELBERG, Germany, Oct. 7. (/P)
—Dr. Alexander Alekhine of Paris
today defeated E. D. Bogoljubow of
Triber in a chess match in defense of
the world championship held by the
former.
HEIDELBERG, Germany, Oct. 7. (/P)
—Dr. Alexander Alekhine of Paris
today defeated E. D. Bogoljubow of
Triber in a chess match in defense of
the world championship held by the
former.
HEIDELBERG, Germany, Oct. 7. (/P)
—Dr. Alexander Alekhine of Paris
today defeated E. D. Bogoljubow of
Triber in a chess match in defense of
the world championship held by the
former.
