# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
AUTOMOBILES FOR SALE
1!':::; CHEVROLET, cheap. Will
take best bid. Good transporta
tion. DA 3-1490.
2 FOR SALE
DAY BED, ehair, bridge lamp all
$25 or best offer. 313-7 Village,
DA 2-0734.
( LOST
SMALL BROWN COIN PURSE
containing $40. Reward. Finder
please call Elizabeth White, DA
3-9043, or notify Union Residence.
fi FOR RENT
TWO Graduate students or one mar
ried couple. Kitchen privileges.
220 Kipling, Palo Alto. Call DA 3-
6:U7.
QUIET Rooms—Close in. Linen fur
nished. $25.00. Call before 2:30 p.m.
DA 3-9257.
FOR RENT Quiet room with bath
First floor. All linen and bedding
furnished. Also weekly cleaning.
No cooking. Short walking dis
tance to Stanford . 1425 Stanford
Ave., College Terrace. Tel. DA 3-
8221.
s MISCELLANEOUS
RENT A NEW CAR — Low daily,
weekly, monthly rates. Reliable
insurance. EMerson S-4<i9l.
