# HARRIS TO TESTING CENTER
## 
### 
Norman J. Harris, formerly in
structor in psychology and counsel
or at Washington State College, has
been appointed counselor in the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, it was announced yesterday.
Norman J. Harris, formerly in
structor in psychology and counsel
or at Washington State College, has
been appointed counselor in the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, it was announced yesterday.
Norman J. Harris, formerly in
structor in psychology and counsel
or at Washington State College, has
been appointed counselor in the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, it was announced yesterday.
Norman J. Harris, formerly in
structor in psychology and counsel
or at Washington State College, has
been appointed counselor in the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, it was announced yesterday.
Norman J. Harris, formerly in
structor in psychology and counsel
or at Washington State College, has
been appointed counselor in the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, it was announced yesterday.
Norman J. Harris, formerly in
structor in psychology and counsel
or at Washington State College, has
been appointed counselor in the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, it was announced yesterday.
Norman J. Harris, formerly in
structor in psychology and counsel
or at Washington State College, has
been appointed counselor in the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, it was announced yesterday.
Norman J. Harris, formerly in
structor in psychology and counsel
or at Washington State College, has
been appointed counselor in the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, it was announced yesterday.
Norman J. Harris, formerly in
structor in psychology and counsel
or at Washington State College, has
been appointed counselor in the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, it was announced yesterday.
Norman J. Harris, formerly in
structor in psychology and counsel
or at Washington State College, has
been appointed counselor in the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, it was announced yesterday.
Norman J. Harris, formerly in
structor in psychology and counsel
or at Washington State College, has
been appointed counselor in the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, it was announced yesterday.
Norman J. Harris, formerly in
structor in psychology and counsel
or at Washington State College, has
been appointed counselor in the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, it was announced yesterday.
Norman J. Harris, formerly in
structor in psychology and counsel
or at Washington State College, has
been appointed counselor in the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, it was announced yesterday.
Norman J. Harris, formerly in
structor in psychology and counsel
or at Washington State College, has
been appointed counselor in the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, it was announced yesterday.
Norman J. Harris, formerly in
structor in psychology and counsel
or at Washington State College, has
been appointed counselor in the
Stanford Counseling and Testing
Center, it was announced yesterday.
