# EXCOM MEETING
## 
### 
The first meeting of summer
quarter Excom will be tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the Excom room.
The first meeting of summer
quarter Excom will be tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the Excom room.
The first meeting of summer
quarter Excom will be tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the Excom room.
The first meeting of summer
quarter Excom will be tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the Excom room.
The first meeting of summer
quarter Excom will be tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the Excom room.
The first meeting of summer
quarter Excom will be tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the Excom room.
The first meeting of summer
quarter Excom will be tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the Excom room.
The first meeting of summer
quarter Excom will be tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the Excom room.
The first meeting of summer
quarter Excom will be tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the Excom room.
The first meeting of summer
quarter Excom will be tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the Excom room.
The first meeting of summer
quarter Excom will be tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the Excom room.
The first meeting of summer
quarter Excom will be tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the Excom room.
The first meeting of summer
quarter Excom will be tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the Excom room.
The first meeting of summer
quarter Excom will be tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the Excom room.
The first meeting of summer
quarter Excom will be tomorrow
night at 7:30 in the Excom room.
