# NEW PUBLICATION DATES
## 
### 
Beginning Friday, July 6. The
Daily will be published Tuesdays
and Fridays instead of Tuesdays
and Thursdays. These -publication
dates will be effective the remain
der of the quarter.
Beginning Friday, July 6. The
Daily will be published Tuesdays
and Fridays instead of Tuesdays
and Thursdays. These -publication
dates will be effective the remain
der of the quarter.
Beginning Friday, July 6. The
Daily will be published Tuesdays
and Fridays instead of Tuesdays
and Thursdays. These -publication
dates will be effective the remain
der of the quarter.
Beginning Friday, July 6. The
Daily will be published Tuesdays
and Fridays instead of Tuesdays
and Thursdays. These -publication
dates will be effective the remain
der of the quarter.
Beginning Friday, July 6. The
Daily will be published Tuesdays
and Fridays instead of Tuesdays
and Thursdays. These -publication
dates will be effective the remain
der of the quarter.
Beginning Friday, July 6. The
Daily will be published Tuesdays
and Fridays instead of Tuesdays
and Thursdays. These -publication
dates will be effective the remain
der of the quarter.
Beginning Friday, July 6. The
Daily will be published Tuesdays
and Fridays instead of Tuesdays
and Thursdays. These -publication
dates will be effective the remain
der of the quarter.
Beginning Friday, July 6. The
Daily will be published Tuesdays
and Fridays instead of Tuesdays
and Thursdays. These -publication
dates will be effective the remain
der of the quarter.
Beginning Friday, July 6. The
Daily will be published Tuesdays
and Fridays instead of Tuesdays
and Thursdays. These -publication
dates will be effective the remain
der of the quarter.
Beginning Friday, July 6. The
Daily will be published Tuesdays
and Fridays instead of Tuesdays
and Thursdays. These -publication
dates will be effective the remain
der of the quarter.
Beginning Friday, July 6. The
Daily will be published Tuesdays
and Fridays instead of Tuesdays
and Thursdays. These -publication
dates will be effective the remain
der of the quarter.
Beginning Friday, July 6. The
Daily will be published Tuesdays
and Fridays instead of Tuesdays
and Thursdays. These -publication
dates will be effective the remain
der of the quarter.
Beginning Friday, July 6. The
Daily will be published Tuesdays
and Fridays instead of Tuesdays
and Thursdays. These -publication
dates will be effective the remain
der of the quarter.
Beginning Friday, July 6. The
Daily will be published Tuesdays
and Fridays instead of Tuesdays
and Thursdays. These -publication
dates will be effective the remain
der of the quarter.
Beginning Friday, July 6. The
Daily will be published Tuesdays
and Fridays instead of Tuesdays
and Thursdays. These -publication
dates will be effective the remain
der of the quarter.
