# Untitled Article
## 
### 

OIL AND TURMOIL—The present crises in Iran is the subject of
Robert Gulick, Jr., at the Memorial Auditorium tonight. The
lecture will be the first of the Tuesday Evening Series given this
quarter.

OIL AND TURMOIL—The present crises in Iran is the subject of
Robert Gulick, Jr., at the Memorial Auditorium tonight. The
lecture will be the first of the Tuesday Evening Series given this
quarter.

OIL AND TURMOIL—The present crises in Iran is the subject of
Robert Gulick, Jr., at the Memorial Auditorium tonight. The
lecture will be the first of the Tuesday Evening Series given this
quarter.

OIL AND TURMOIL—The present crises in Iran is the subject of
Robert Gulick, Jr., at the Memorial Auditorium tonight. The
lecture will be the first of the Tuesday Evening Series given this
quarter.

OIL AND TURMOIL—The present crises in Iran is the subject of
Robert Gulick, Jr., at the Memorial Auditorium tonight. The
lecture will be the first of the Tuesday Evening Series given this
quarter.

OIL AND TURMOIL—The present crises in Iran is the subject of
Robert Gulick, Jr., at the Memorial Auditorium tonight. The
lecture will be the first of the Tuesday Evening Series given this
quarter.

OIL AND TURMOIL—The present crises in Iran is the subject of
Robert Gulick, Jr., at the Memorial Auditorium tonight. The
lecture will be the first of the Tuesday Evening Series given this
quarter.

OIL AND TURMOIL—The present crises in Iran is the subject of
Robert Gulick, Jr., at the Memorial Auditorium tonight. The
lecture will be the first of the Tuesday Evening Series given this
quarter.

OIL AND TURMOIL—The present crises in Iran is the subject of
Robert Gulick, Jr., at the Memorial Auditorium tonight. The
lecture will be the first of the Tuesday Evening Series given this
quarter.

OIL AND TURMOIL—The present crises in Iran is the subject of
Robert Gulick, Jr., at the Memorial Auditorium tonight. The
lecture will be the first of the Tuesday Evening Series given this
quarter.

OIL AND TURMOIL—The present crises in Iran is the subject of
Robert Gulick, Jr., at the Memorial Auditorium tonight. The
lecture will be the first of the Tuesday Evening Series given this
quarter.

OIL AND TURMOIL—The present crises in Iran is the subject of
Robert Gulick, Jr., at the Memorial Auditorium tonight. The
lecture will be the first of the Tuesday Evening Series given this
quarter.

OIL AND TURMOIL—The present crises in Iran is the subject of
Robert Gulick, Jr., at the Memorial Auditorium tonight. The
lecture will be the first of the Tuesday Evening Series given this
quarter.

OIL AND TURMOIL—The present crises in Iran is the subject of
Robert Gulick, Jr., at the Memorial Auditorium tonight. The
lecture will be the first of the Tuesday Evening Series given this
quarter.

OIL AND TURMOIL—The present crises in Iran is the subject of
Robert Gulick, Jr., at the Memorial Auditorium tonight. The
lecture will be the first of the Tuesday Evening Series given this
quarter.
