# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
SEND THE
STANFORD DAILY
HOME
For only $1.00
TJIE ENTIKE SUMMER
and save several hours of letter
writing a week. It will be a
wclcomc guest.
Mail your subscription to the
Daily, or call at the office today
from 1 to 5 P.M.
The Stanford Daily
SEND THE
STANFORD DAILY
HOME
For only $1.00
TJIE ENTIKE SUMMER
and save several hours of letter
writing a week. It will be a
wclcomc guest.
Mail your subscription to the
Daily, or call at the office today
from 1 to 5 P.M.
The Stanford Daily
SEND THE
STANFORD DAILY
HOME
For only $1.00
TJIE ENTIKE SUMMER
and save several hours of letter
writing a week. It will be a
wclcomc guest.
Mail your subscription to the
Daily, or call at the office today
from 1 to 5 P.M.
The Stanford Daily
SEND THE
STANFORD DAILY
HOME
For only $1.00
TJIE ENTIKE SUMMER
and save several hours of letter
writing a week. It will be a
wclcomc guest.
Mail your subscription to the
Daily, or call at the office today
from 1 to 5 P.M.
The Stanford Daily
SEND THE
STANFORD DAILY
HOME
For only $1.00
TJIE ENTIKE SUMMER
and save several hours of letter
writing a week. It will be a
wclcomc guest.
Mail your subscription to the
Daily, or call at the office today
from 1 to 5 P.M.
The Stanford Daily
SEND THE
STANFORD DAILY
HOME
For only $1.00
TJIE ENTIKE SUMMER
and save several hours of letter
writing a week. It will be a
wclcomc guest.
Mail your subscription to the
Daily, or call at the office today
from 1 to 5 P.M.
The Stanford Daily
SEND THE
STANFORD DAILY
HOME
For only $1.00
TJIE ENTIKE SUMMER
and save several hours of letter
writing a week. It will be a
wclcomc guest.
Mail your subscription to the
Daily, or call at the office today
from 1 to 5 P.M.
The Stanford Daily
SEND THE
STANFORD DAILY
HOME
For only $1.00
TJIE ENTIKE SUMMER
and save several hours of letter
writing a week. It will be a
wclcomc guest.
Mail your subscription to the
Daily, or call at the office today
from 1 to 5 P.M.
The Stanford Daily
SEND THE
STANFORD DAILY
HOME
For only $1.00
TJIE ENTIKE SUMMER
and save several hours of letter
writing a week. It will be a
wclcomc guest.
Mail your subscription to the
Daily, or call at the office today
from 1 to 5 P.M.
The Stanford Daily
SEND THE
STANFORD DAILY
HOME
For only $1.00
TJIE ENTIKE SUMMER
and save several hours of letter
writing a week. It will be a
wclcomc guest.
Mail your subscription to the
Daily, or call at the office today
from 1 to 5 P.M.
The Stanford Daily
SEND THE
STANFORD DAILY
HOME
For only $1.00
TJIE ENTIKE SUMMER
and save several hours of letter
writing a week. It will be a
wclcomc guest.
Mail your subscription to the
Daily, or call at the office today
from 1 to 5 P.M.
The Stanford Daily
SEND THE
STANFORD DAILY
HOME
For only $1.00
TJIE ENTIKE SUMMER
and save several hours of letter
writing a week. It will be a
wclcomc guest.
Mail your subscription to the
Daily, or call at the office today
from 1 to 5 P.M.
The Stanford Daily
SEND THE
STANFORD DAILY
HOME
For only $1.00
TJIE ENTIKE SUMMER
and save several hours of letter
writing a week. It will be a
wclcomc guest.
Mail your subscription to the
Daily, or call at the office today
from 1 to 5 P.M.
The Stanford Daily
SEND THE
STANFORD DAILY
HOME
For only $1.00
TJIE ENTIKE SUMMER
and save several hours of letter
writing a week. It will be a
wclcomc guest.
Mail your subscription to the
Daily, or call at the office today
from 1 to 5 P.M.
The Stanford Daily
