# PLYMIRE WINS, LOSES
## 
### 
In his intercollegiate championship
debut last Tuesday, Harry Plymire,
varsity tennis star, defeated Giterson
Weiss of Brown University 6-0, 6-1, in
a first round match at Brooklyn.
Plymire, third seeded star of the
tourney and No. 7 in California rank
ing, played brilliant tennis to down
his Brown opponent. The games were
played in a driving rain. He was later
eliminated.
In his intercollegiate championship
debut last Tuesday, Harry Plymire,
varsity tennis star, defeated Giterson
Weiss of Brown University 6-0, 6-1, in
a first round match at Brooklyn.
Plymire, third seeded star of the
tourney and No. 7 in California rank
ing, played brilliant tennis to down
his Brown opponent. The games were
played in a driving rain. He was later
eliminated.
In his intercollegiate championship
debut last Tuesday, Harry Plymire,
varsity tennis star, defeated Giterson
Weiss of Brown University 6-0, 6-1, in
a first round match at Brooklyn.
Plymire, third seeded star of the
tourney and No. 7 in California rank
ing, played brilliant tennis to down
his Brown opponent. The games were
played in a driving rain. He was later
eliminated.
In his intercollegiate championship
debut last Tuesday, Harry Plymire,
varsity tennis star, defeated Giterson
Weiss of Brown University 6-0, 6-1, in
a first round match at Brooklyn.
Plymire, third seeded star of the
tourney and No. 7 in California rank
ing, played brilliant tennis to down
his Brown opponent. The games were
played in a driving rain. He was later
eliminated.
In his intercollegiate championship
debut last Tuesday, Harry Plymire,
varsity tennis star, defeated Giterson
Weiss of Brown University 6-0, 6-1, in
a first round match at Brooklyn.
Plymire, third seeded star of the
tourney and No. 7 in California rank
ing, played brilliant tennis to down
his Brown opponent. The games were
played in a driving rain. He was later
eliminated.
In his intercollegiate championship
debut last Tuesday, Harry Plymire,
varsity tennis star, defeated Giterson
Weiss of Brown University 6-0, 6-1, in
a first round match at Brooklyn.
Plymire, third seeded star of the
tourney and No. 7 in California rank
ing, played brilliant tennis to down
his Brown opponent. The games were
played in a driving rain. He was later
eliminated.
In his intercollegiate championship
debut last Tuesday, Harry Plymire,
varsity tennis star, defeated Giterson
Weiss of Brown University 6-0, 6-1, in
a first round match at Brooklyn.
Plymire, third seeded star of the
tourney and No. 7 in California rank
ing, played brilliant tennis to down
his Brown opponent. The games were
played in a driving rain. He was later
eliminated.
In his intercollegiate championship
debut last Tuesday, Harry Plymire,
varsity tennis star, defeated Giterson
Weiss of Brown University 6-0, 6-1, in
a first round match at Brooklyn.
Plymire, third seeded star of the
tourney and No. 7 in California rank
ing, played brilliant tennis to down
his Brown opponent. The games were
played in a driving rain. He was later
eliminated.
In his intercollegiate championship
debut last Tuesday, Harry Plymire,
varsity tennis star, defeated Giterson
Weiss of Brown University 6-0, 6-1, in
a first round match at Brooklyn.
Plymire, third seeded star of the
tourney and No. 7 in California rank
ing, played brilliant tennis to down
his Brown opponent. The games were
played in a driving rain. He was later
eliminated.
In his intercollegiate championship
debut last Tuesday, Harry Plymire,
varsity tennis star, defeated Giterson
Weiss of Brown University 6-0, 6-1, in
a first round match at Brooklyn.
Plymire, third seeded star of the
tourney and No. 7 in California rank
ing, played brilliant tennis to down
his Brown opponent. The games were
played in a driving rain. He was later
eliminated.
In his intercollegiate championship
debut last Tuesday, Harry Plymire,
varsity tennis star, defeated Giterson
Weiss of Brown University 6-0, 6-1, in
a first round match at Brooklyn.
Plymire, third seeded star of the
tourney and No. 7 in California rank
ing, played brilliant tennis to down
his Brown opponent. The games were
played in a driving rain. He was later
eliminated.
In his intercollegiate championship
debut last Tuesday, Harry Plymire,
varsity tennis star, defeated Giterson
Weiss of Brown University 6-0, 6-1, in
a first round match at Brooklyn.
Plymire, third seeded star of the
tourney and No. 7 in California rank
ing, played brilliant tennis to down
his Brown opponent. The games were
played in a driving rain. He was later
eliminated.
In his intercollegiate championship
debut last Tuesday, Harry Plymire,
varsity tennis star, defeated Giterson
Weiss of Brown University 6-0, 6-1, in
a first round match at Brooklyn.
Plymire, third seeded star of the
tourney and No. 7 in California rank
ing, played brilliant tennis to down
his Brown opponent. The games were
played in a driving rain. He was later
eliminated.
In his intercollegiate championship
debut last Tuesday, Harry Plymire,
varsity tennis star, defeated Giterson
Weiss of Brown University 6-0, 6-1, in
a first round match at Brooklyn.
Plymire, third seeded star of the
tourney and No. 7 in California rank
ing, played brilliant tennis to down
his Brown opponent. The games were
played in a driving rain. He was later
eliminated.
