# Enrollment Reaches 1220
## 
### 
Registration in the summer quarter
when the Registrar's office closed
yesterday was 1221). This is 107 less
the number at the same time last year,
when the enrollment whs 1327.
Registration in the summer quarter
when the Registrar's office closed
yesterday was 1221). This is 107 less
the number at the same time last year,
when the enrollment whs 1327.
Registration in the summer quarter
when the Registrar's office closed
yesterday was 1221). This is 107 less
the number at the same time last year,
when the enrollment whs 1327.
Registration in the summer quarter
when the Registrar's office closed
yesterday was 1221). This is 107 less
the number at the same time last year,
when the enrollment whs 1327.
Registration in the summer quarter
when the Registrar's office closed
yesterday was 1221). This is 107 less
the number at the same time last year,
when the enrollment whs 1327.
Registration in the summer quarter
when the Registrar's office closed
yesterday was 1221). This is 107 less
the number at the same time last year,
when the enrollment whs 1327.
Registration in the summer quarter
when the Registrar's office closed
yesterday was 1221). This is 107 less
the number at the same time last year,
when the enrollment whs 1327.
Registration in the summer quarter
when the Registrar's office closed
yesterday was 1221). This is 107 less
the number at the same time last year,
when the enrollment whs 1327.
Registration in the summer quarter
when the Registrar's office closed
yesterday was 1221). This is 107 less
the number at the same time last year,
when the enrollment whs 1327.
Registration in the summer quarter
when the Registrar's office closed
yesterday was 1221). This is 107 less
the number at the same time last year,
when the enrollment whs 1327.
Registration in the summer quarter
when the Registrar's office closed
yesterday was 1221). This is 107 less
the number at the same time last year,
when the enrollment whs 1327.
Registration in the summer quarter
when the Registrar's office closed
yesterday was 1221). This is 107 less
the number at the same time last year,
when the enrollment whs 1327.
Registration in the summer quarter
when the Registrar's office closed
yesterday was 1221). This is 107 less
the number at the same time last year,
when the enrollment whs 1327.
Registration in the summer quarter
when the Registrar's office closed
yesterday was 1221). This is 107 less
the number at the same time last year,
when the enrollment whs 1327.
