# FRENCH AND SPANISH TABIDS HOLD FIRST LUNCHEON YESTERDAY
## 
### 
Meeting for the first time yesterday
noon in the Union dining room, the
French students under Mile. Jalladc
and the Spanish students under So
norita Madriaga began an interesting
series of luncheons and dinners dur
ing which only French and Spanish
will !)<â€¢ spoken. Both the students of
French and Spanish are planning
various group enterprises. The French
students with Mile. Jalladc have made
reservations to attend the perform
ance of the play "Le Souffle sous la
Flam me," this Friday evening at. the
Theatre Francais in San Francisco.
Senorita Madriaga announces that
iiei group intend very soon to pro
duce the Spanish comedy "A1 Natural"
by Bena vent i.
Al present both the French and
Spanish groups are small; there is
still room for a number of students
who are interested in improving their
conversational abilities in either lan
guage. Mile. Jalladc and Senorita
Madriaga both wish to encourage be
ginners as well as advanced students
to eat in the conversational dining
room.
Mile. Jalladc-is a native of France
and a graduate of the Sorboune at the
University of Paris. She came to the
United States shortly after the World
War. She has been an instructor in
French at the University of Califor
nia since l!)24. During the summer
session at Stanford, Mile. Jalladc is
giving courses in French as well as
conducting the dining room at the
Union.
Senorita Madriaga has come to
Stanford from Vassal- College. She is
a graduate of the University of Madrid
where she received her Ph.D. in chem
istry. Senorita Madriaga is writing
her thesis to complete the American
requirements for a Ph.D. while at
Stanford. She is alsd giving several
courses in Spanish during the summer
quarter.
