# GHOSTS EXHORT FROSH
## 
### 
Pajamarino attendance is not an
optional matter for Pomona College
freshmen. Tradition upholding
ghosts society will be on hand to
see that every frosh puts in a beau
tifully bedecked appearance, ac
cording to Pomona's "Student Life."
Pajamarino attendance is not an
optional matter for Pomona College
freshmen. Tradition upholding
ghosts society will be on hand to
see that every frosh puts in a beau
tifully bedecked appearance, ac
cording to Pomona's "Student Life."
Pajamarino attendance is not an
optional matter for Pomona College
freshmen. Tradition upholding
ghosts society will be on hand to
see that every frosh puts in a beau
tifully bedecked appearance, ac
cording to Pomona's "Student Life."
Pajamarino attendance is not an
optional matter for Pomona College
freshmen. Tradition upholding
ghosts society will be on hand to
see that every frosh puts in a beau
tifully bedecked appearance, ac
cording to Pomona's "Student Life."
Pajamarino attendance is not an
optional matter for Pomona College
freshmen. Tradition upholding
ghosts society will be on hand to
see that every frosh puts in a beau
tifully bedecked appearance, ac
cording to Pomona's "Student Life."
Pajamarino attendance is not an
optional matter for Pomona College
freshmen. Tradition upholding
ghosts society will be on hand to
see that every frosh puts in a beau
tifully bedecked appearance, ac
cording to Pomona's "Student Life."
Pajamarino attendance is not an
optional matter for Pomona College
freshmen. Tradition upholding
ghosts society will be on hand to
see that every frosh puts in a beau
tifully bedecked appearance, ac
cording to Pomona's "Student Life."
Pajamarino attendance is not an
optional matter for Pomona College
freshmen. Tradition upholding
ghosts society will be on hand to
see that every frosh puts in a beau
tifully bedecked appearance, ac
cording to Pomona's "Student Life."
Pajamarino attendance is not an
optional matter for Pomona College
freshmen. Tradition upholding
ghosts society will be on hand to
see that every frosh puts in a beau
tifully bedecked appearance, ac
cording to Pomona's "Student Life."
Pajamarino attendance is not an
optional matter for Pomona College
freshmen. Tradition upholding
ghosts society will be on hand to
see that every frosh puts in a beau
tifully bedecked appearance, ac
cording to Pomona's "Student Life."
Pajamarino attendance is not an
optional matter for Pomona College
freshmen. Tradition upholding
ghosts society will be on hand to
see that every frosh puts in a beau
tifully bedecked appearance, ac
cording to Pomona's "Student Life."
Pajamarino attendance is not an
optional matter for Pomona College
freshmen. Tradition upholding
ghosts society will be on hand to
see that every frosh puts in a beau
tifully bedecked appearance, ac
cording to Pomona's "Student Life."
Pajamarino attendance is not an
optional matter for Pomona College
freshmen. Tradition upholding
ghosts society will be on hand to
see that every frosh puts in a beau
tifully bedecked appearance, ac
cording to Pomona's "Student Life."
Pajamarino attendance is not an
optional matter for Pomona College
freshmen. Tradition upholding
ghosts society will be on hand to
see that every frosh puts in a beau
tifully bedecked appearance, ac
cording to Pomona's "Student Life."
Pajamarino attendance is not an
optional matter for Pomona College
freshmen. Tradition upholding
ghosts society will be on hand to
see that every frosh puts in a beau
tifully bedecked appearance, ac
cording to Pomona's "Student Life."
