# Books For Africa Stolen
## 
### 
Twenty boxes of books collected by
the lIR to be sent to Vietnam and
Africa were stolen Wednesday night.
Stef Halper, president of the lIR,
reported that someone had broken
into the basement of Burbank house
of Stern, where the books had been
stored, and removed textbooks and
novels from 20 boxes. The exact
number of books missing is unknown.
Twelve thousand books had been

collected for distribution to univer
sities in Vietnam and Africa. lIR of
ficials stressed that the books were
in no way connected with United
States military efforts in Southeast
Asia. The lIR has been collecting the
books for over five years.
"People at these universities are ex
pecting certain books." explained
Halper. He issued a plea to whoever
took the books please to return them.
