# Stanford Seniors Lead Applicants
## 
### 
Stanford University leads the
nation in number of seniors ap
plying for Peace Corps duty,
according to Jack Vaughn, Peace
Corps director. Ten point two

per cent of Stanford's senioi
have applied, as compared with
U. C. S. B. (10), Cal Berkley
(7.2), Columbia (7), Michigan
(6.5), San Jose (5.7), and Wis
consin (5.1), among the top 41
of 241 campuses visited by re
cruiters between September and
December.
These figures are indicative of
the increasing interest and re
sponse to this program, as the
Peace Corps moves towards its
sixth year.
In its second consecutive year
of major growth, the Corps
hopes to get about 18,0 C"»
"prime" applicants (those avail
able for service between Spring
and Fall of 1967), in order to
mount an expansion into as
many as ten new countries,
bringing the total number of
volunteers to about 15,000 serv
ing in sixty or more countrie
by the end of 1967.
There are now 12,000 men and
women serving in fifty-two coun
tries, the male-female ratio be
ing about 60-40.
"The Peace Corps' hold on the
Imagination of today's college
student is stronger than it wa.
six years ago," Vaughn said.
"Not only are we getting volun
teers to meet increasing re
quests from overseas, I think we
are getting better men and wom
en."
Most of these volunteers are
liberal arts majors; recruitei
have less success with persons
with specialized skills in agri
culture, math and science, engi
neering and other fields. About
85 per cent of all volunteers are
college graduates.
Presently, 188 volunteers are
needed from among seniors grat.
uating this Spring to fill vacan
cies in fifteen specialized pro
grams.
Stanford University leads the
nation in number of seniors ap
plying for Peace Corps duty,
according to Jack Vaughn, Peace
Corps director. Ten point two

per cent of Stanford's senioi
have applied, as compared with
U. C. S. B. (10), Cal Berkley
(7.2), Columbia (7), Michigan
(6.5), San Jose (5.7), and Wis
consin (5.1), among the top 41
of 241 campuses visited by re
cruiters between September and
December.
These figures are indicative of
the increasing interest and re
sponse to this program, as the
Peace Corps moves towards its
sixth year.
In its second consecutive year
of major growth, the Corps
hopes to get about 18,0 C"»
"prime" applicants (those avail
able for service between Spring
and Fall of 1967), in order to
mount an expansion into as
many as ten new countries,
bringing the total number of
volunteers to about 15,000 serv
ing in sixty or more countrie
by the end of 1967.
There are now 12,000 men and
women serving in fifty-two coun
tries, the male-female ratio be
ing about 60-40.
"The Peace Corps' hold on the
Imagination of today's college
student is stronger than it wa.
six years ago," Vaughn said.
"Not only are we getting volun
teers to meet increasing re
quests from overseas, I think we
are getting better men and wom
en."
Most of these volunteers are
liberal arts majors; recruitei
have less success with persons
with specialized skills in agri
culture, math and science, engi
neering and other fields. About
85 per cent of all volunteers are
college graduates.
Presently, 188 volunteers are
needed from among seniors grat.
uating this Spring to fill vacan
cies in fifteen specialized pro
grams.
Stanford University leads the
nation in number of seniors ap
plying for Peace Corps duty,
according to Jack Vaughn, Peace
Corps director. Ten point two

per cent of Stanford's senioi
have applied, as compared with
U. C. S. B. (10), Cal Berkley
(7.2), Columbia (7), Michigan
(6.5), San Jose (5.7), and Wis
consin (5.1), among the top 41
of 241 campuses visited by re
cruiters between September and
December.
These figures are indicative of
the increasing interest and re
sponse to this program, as the
Peace Corps moves towards its
sixth year.
In its second consecutive year
of major growth, the Corps
hopes to get about 18,0 C"»
"prime" applicants (those avail
able for service between Spring
and Fall of 1967), in order to
mount an expansion into as
many as ten new countries,
bringing the total number of
volunteers to about 15,000 serv
ing in sixty or more countrie
by the end of 1967.
There are now 12,000 men and
women serving in fifty-two coun
tries, the male-female ratio be
ing about 60-40.
"The Peace Corps' hold on the
Imagination of today's college
student is stronger than it wa.
six years ago," Vaughn said.
"Not only are we getting volun
teers to meet increasing re
quests from overseas, I think we
are getting better men and wom
en."
Most of these volunteers are
liberal arts majors; recruitei
have less success with persons
with specialized skills in agri
culture, math and science, engi
neering and other fields. About
85 per cent of all volunteers are
college graduates.
Presently, 188 volunteers are
needed from among seniors grat.
uating this Spring to fill vacan
cies in fifteen specialized pro
grams.
Stanford University leads the
nation in number of seniors ap
plying for Peace Corps duty,
according to Jack Vaughn, Peace
Corps director. Ten point two

per cent of Stanford's senioi
have applied, as compared with
U. C. S. B. (10), Cal Berkley
(7.2), Columbia (7), Michigan
(6.5), San Jose (5.7), and Wis
consin (5.1), among the top 41
of 241 campuses visited by re
cruiters between September and
December.
These figures are indicative of
the increasing interest and re
sponse to this program, as the
Peace Corps moves towards its
sixth year.
In its second consecutive year
of major growth, the Corps
hopes to get about 18,0 C"»
"prime" applicants (those avail
able for service between Spring
and Fall of 1967), in order to
mount an expansion into as
many as ten new countries,
bringing the total number of
volunteers to about 15,000 serv
ing in sixty or more countrie
by the end of 1967.
There are now 12,000 men and
women serving in fifty-two coun
tries, the male-female ratio be
ing about 60-40.
"The Peace Corps' hold on the
Imagination of today's college
student is stronger than it wa.
six years ago," Vaughn said.
"Not only are we getting volun
teers to meet increasing re
quests from overseas, I think we
are getting better men and wom
en."
Most of these volunteers are
liberal arts majors; recruitei
have less success with persons
with specialized skills in agri
culture, math and science, engi
neering and other fields. About
85 per cent of all volunteers are
college graduates.
Presently, 188 volunteers are
needed from among seniors grat.
uating this Spring to fill vacan
cies in fifteen specialized pro
grams.
Stanford University leads the
nation in number of seniors ap
plying for Peace Corps duty,
according to Jack Vaughn, Peace
Corps director. Ten point two

per cent of Stanford's senioi
have applied, as compared with
U. C. S. B. (10), Cal Berkley
(7.2), Columbia (7), Michigan
(6.5), San Jose (5.7), and Wis
consin (5.1), among the top 41
of 241 campuses visited by re
cruiters between September and
December.
These figures are indicative of
the increasing interest and re
sponse to this program, as the
Peace Corps moves towards its
sixth year.
In its second consecutive year
of major growth, the Corps
hopes to get about 18,0 C"»
"prime" applicants (those avail
able for service between Spring
and Fall of 1967), in order to
mount an expansion into as
many as ten new countries,
bringing the total number of
volunteers to about 15,000 serv
ing in sixty or more countrie
by the end of 1967.
There are now 12,000 men and
women serving in fifty-two coun
tries, the male-female ratio be
ing about 60-40.
"The Peace Corps' hold on the
Imagination of today's college
student is stronger than it wa.
six years ago," Vaughn said.
"Not only are we getting volun
teers to meet increasing re
quests from overseas, I think we
are getting better men and wom
en."
Most of these volunteers are
liberal arts majors; recruitei
have less success with persons
with specialized skills in agri
culture, math and science, engi
neering and other fields. About
85 per cent of all volunteers are
college graduates.
Presently, 188 volunteers are
needed from among seniors grat.
uating this Spring to fill vacan
cies in fifteen specialized pro
grams.
Stanford University leads the
nation in number of seniors ap
plying for Peace Corps duty,
according to Jack Vaughn, Peace
Corps director. Ten point two

per cent of Stanford's senioi
have applied, as compared with
U. C. S. B. (10), Cal Berkley
(7.2), Columbia (7), Michigan
(6.5), San Jose (5.7), and Wis
consin (5.1), among the top 41
of 241 campuses visited by re
cruiters between September and
December.
These figures are indicative of
the increasing interest and re
sponse to this program, as the
Peace Corps moves towards its
sixth year.
In its second consecutive year
of major growth, the Corps
hopes to get about 18,0 C"»
"prime" applicants (those avail
able for service between Spring
and Fall of 1967), in order to
mount an expansion into as
many as ten new countries,
bringing the total number of
volunteers to about 15,000 serv
ing in sixty or more countrie
by the end of 1967.
There are now 12,000 men and
women serving in fifty-two coun
tries, the male-female ratio be
ing about 60-40.
"The Peace Corps' hold on the
Imagination of today's college
student is stronger than it wa.
six years ago," Vaughn said.
"Not only are we getting volun
teers to meet increasing re
quests from overseas, I think we
are getting better men and wom
en."
Most of these volunteers are
liberal arts majors; recruitei
have less success with persons
with specialized skills in agri
culture, math and science, engi
neering and other fields. About
85 per cent of all volunteers are
college graduates.
Presently, 188 volunteers are
needed from among seniors grat.
uating this Spring to fill vacan
cies in fifteen specialized pro
grams.
Stanford University leads the
nation in number of seniors ap
plying for Peace Corps duty,
according to Jack Vaughn, Peace
Corps director. Ten point two

per cent of Stanford's senioi
have applied, as compared with
U. C. S. B. (10), Cal Berkley
(7.2), Columbia (7), Michigan
(6.5), San Jose (5.7), and Wis
consin (5.1), among the top 41
of 241 campuses visited by re
cruiters between September and
December.
These figures are indicative of
the increasing interest and re
sponse to this program, as the
Peace Corps moves towards its
sixth year.
In its second consecutive year
of major growth, the Corps
hopes to get about 18,0 C"»
"prime" applicants (those avail
able for service between Spring
and Fall of 1967), in order to
mount an expansion into as
many as ten new countries,
bringing the total number of
volunteers to about 15,000 serv
ing in sixty or more countrie
by the end of 1967.
There are now 12,000 men and
women serving in fifty-two coun
tries, the male-female ratio be
ing about 60-40.
"The Peace Corps' hold on the
Imagination of today's college
student is stronger than it wa.
six years ago," Vaughn said.
"Not only are we getting volun
teers to meet increasing re
quests from overseas, I think we
are getting better men and wom
en."
Most of these volunteers are
liberal arts majors; recruitei
have less success with persons
with specialized skills in agri
culture, math and science, engi
neering and other fields. About
85 per cent of all volunteers are
college graduates.
Presently, 188 volunteers are
needed from among seniors grat.
uating this Spring to fill vacan
cies in fifteen specialized pro
grams.
Stanford University leads the
nation in number of seniors ap
plying for Peace Corps duty,
according to Jack Vaughn, Peace
Corps director. Ten point two

per cent of Stanford's senioi
have applied, as compared with
U. C. S. B. (10), Cal Berkley
(7.2), Columbia (7), Michigan
(6.5), San Jose (5.7), and Wis
consin (5.1), among the top 41
of 241 campuses visited by re
cruiters between September and
December.
These figures are indicative of
the increasing interest and re
sponse to this program, as the
Peace Corps moves towards its
sixth year.
In its second consecutive year
of major growth, the Corps
hopes to get about 18,0 C"»
"prime" applicants (those avail
able for service between Spring
and Fall of 1967), in order to
mount an expansion into as
many as ten new countries,
bringing the total number of
volunteers to about 15,000 serv
ing in sixty or more countrie
by the end of 1967.
There are now 12,000 men and
women serving in fifty-two coun
tries, the male-female ratio be
ing about 60-40.
"The Peace Corps' hold on the
Imagination of today's college
student is stronger than it wa.
six years ago," Vaughn said.
"Not only are we getting volun
teers to meet increasing re
quests from overseas, I think we
are getting better men and wom
en."
Most of these volunteers are
liberal arts majors; recruitei
have less success with persons
with specialized skills in agri
culture, math and science, engi
neering and other fields. About
85 per cent of all volunteers are
college graduates.
Presently, 188 volunteers are
needed from among seniors grat.
uating this Spring to fill vacan
cies in fifteen specialized pro
grams.
Stanford University leads the
nation in number of seniors ap
plying for Peace Corps duty,
according to Jack Vaughn, Peace
Corps director. Ten point two

per cent of Stanford's senioi
have applied, as compared with
U. C. S. B. (10), Cal Berkley
(7.2), Columbia (7), Michigan
(6.5), San Jose (5.7), and Wis
consin (5.1), among the top 41
of 241 campuses visited by re
cruiters between September and
December.
These figures are indicative of
the increasing interest and re
sponse to this program, as the
Peace Corps moves towards its
sixth year.
In its second consecutive year
of major growth, the Corps
hopes to get about 18,0 C"»
"prime" applicants (those avail
able for service between Spring
and Fall of 1967), in order to
mount an expansion into as
many as ten new countries,
bringing the total number of
volunteers to about 15,000 serv
ing in sixty or more countrie
by the end of 1967.
There are now 12,000 men and
women serving in fifty-two coun
tries, the male-female ratio be
ing about 60-40.
"The Peace Corps' hold on the
Imagination of today's college
student is stronger than it wa.
six years ago," Vaughn said.
"Not only are we getting volun
teers to meet increasing re
quests from overseas, I think we
are getting better men and wom
en."
Most of these volunteers are
liberal arts majors; recruitei
have less success with persons
with specialized skills in agri
culture, math and science, engi
neering and other fields. About
85 per cent of all volunteers are
college graduates.
Presently, 188 volunteers are
needed from among seniors grat.
uating this Spring to fill vacan
cies in fifteen specialized pro
grams.
Stanford University leads the
nation in number of seniors ap
plying for Peace Corps duty,
according to Jack Vaughn, Peace
Corps director. Ten point two

per cent of Stanford's senioi
have applied, as compared with
U. C. S. B. (10), Cal Berkley
(7.2), Columbia (7), Michigan
(6.5), San Jose (5.7), and Wis
consin (5.1), among the top 41
of 241 campuses visited by re
cruiters between September and
December.
These figures are indicative of
the increasing interest and re
sponse to this program, as the
Peace Corps moves towards its
sixth year.
In its second consecutive year
of major growth, the Corps
hopes to get about 18,0 C"»
"prime" applicants (those avail
able for service between Spring
and Fall of 1967), in order to
mount an expansion into as
many as ten new countries,
bringing the total number of
volunteers to about 15,000 serv
ing in sixty or more countrie
by the end of 1967.
There are now 12,000 men and
women serving in fifty-two coun
tries, the male-female ratio be
ing about 60-40.
"The Peace Corps' hold on the
Imagination of today's college
student is stronger than it wa.
six years ago," Vaughn said.
"Not only are we getting volun
teers to meet increasing re
quests from overseas, I think we
are getting better men and wom
en."
Most of these volunteers are
liberal arts majors; recruitei
have less success with persons
with specialized skills in agri
culture, math and science, engi
neering and other fields. About
85 per cent of all volunteers are
college graduates.
Presently, 188 volunteers are
needed from among seniors grat.
uating this Spring to fill vacan
cies in fifteen specialized pro
grams.
Stanford University leads the
nation in number of seniors ap
plying for Peace Corps duty,
according to Jack Vaughn, Peace
Corps director. Ten point two

per cent of Stanford's senioi
have applied, as compared with
U. C. S. B. (10), Cal Berkley
(7.2), Columbia (7), Michigan
(6.5), San Jose (5.7), and Wis
consin (5.1), among the top 41
of 241 campuses visited by re
cruiters between September and
December.
These figures are indicative of
the increasing interest and re
sponse to this program, as the
Peace Corps moves towards its
sixth year.
In its second consecutive year
of major growth, the Corps
hopes to get about 18,0 C"»
"prime" applicants (those avail
able for service between Spring
and Fall of 1967), in order to
mount an expansion into as
many as ten new countries,
bringing the total number of
volunteers to about 15,000 serv
ing in sixty or more countrie
by the end of 1967.
There are now 12,000 men and
women serving in fifty-two coun
tries, the male-female ratio be
ing about 60-40.
"The Peace Corps' hold on the
Imagination of today's college
student is stronger than it wa.
six years ago," Vaughn said.
"Not only are we getting volun
teers to meet increasing re
quests from overseas, I think we
are getting better men and wom
en."
Most of these volunteers are
liberal arts majors; recruitei
have less success with persons
with specialized skills in agri
culture, math and science, engi
neering and other fields. About
85 per cent of all volunteers are
college graduates.
Presently, 188 volunteers are
needed from among seniors grat.
uating this Spring to fill vacan
cies in fifteen specialized pro
grams.
Stanford University leads the
nation in number of seniors ap
plying for Peace Corps duty,
according to Jack Vaughn, Peace
Corps director. Ten point two

per cent of Stanford's senioi
have applied, as compared with
U. C. S. B. (10), Cal Berkley
(7.2), Columbia (7), Michigan
(6.5), San Jose (5.7), and Wis
consin (5.1), among the top 41
of 241 campuses visited by re
cruiters between September and
December.
These figures are indicative of
the increasing interest and re
sponse to this program, as the
Peace Corps moves towards its
sixth year.
In its second consecutive year
of major growth, the Corps
hopes to get about 18,0 C"»
"prime" applicants (those avail
able for service between Spring
and Fall of 1967), in order to
mount an expansion into as
many as ten new countries,
bringing the total number of
volunteers to about 15,000 serv
ing in sixty or more countrie
by the end of 1967.
There are now 12,000 men and
women serving in fifty-two coun
tries, the male-female ratio be
ing about 60-40.
"The Peace Corps' hold on the
Imagination of today's college
student is stronger than it wa.
six years ago," Vaughn said.
"Not only are we getting volun
teers to meet increasing re
quests from overseas, I think we
are getting better men and wom
en."
Most of these volunteers are
liberal arts majors; recruitei
have less success with persons
with specialized skills in agri
culture, math and science, engi
neering and other fields. About
85 per cent of all volunteers are
college graduates.
Presently, 188 volunteers are
needed from among seniors grat.
uating this Spring to fill vacan
cies in fifteen specialized pro
grams.
Stanford University leads the
nation in number of seniors ap
plying for Peace Corps duty,
according to Jack Vaughn, Peace
Corps director. Ten point two

per cent of Stanford's senioi
have applied, as compared with
U. C. S. B. (10), Cal Berkley
(7.2), Columbia (7), Michigan
(6.5), San Jose (5.7), and Wis
consin (5.1), among the top 41
of 241 campuses visited by re
cruiters between September and
December.
These figures are indicative of
the increasing interest and re
sponse to this program, as the
Peace Corps moves towards its
sixth year.
In its second consecutive year
of major growth, the Corps
hopes to get about 18,0 C"»
"prime" applicants (those avail
able for service between Spring
and Fall of 1967), in order to
mount an expansion into as
many as ten new countries,
bringing the total number of
volunteers to about 15,000 serv
ing in sixty or more countrie
by the end of 1967.
There are now 12,000 men and
women serving in fifty-two coun
tries, the male-female ratio be
ing about 60-40.
"The Peace Corps' hold on the
Imagination of today's college
student is stronger than it wa.
six years ago," Vaughn said.
"Not only are we getting volun
teers to meet increasing re
quests from overseas, I think we
are getting better men and wom
en."
Most of these volunteers are
liberal arts majors; recruitei
have less success with persons
with specialized skills in agri
culture, math and science, engi
neering and other fields. About
85 per cent of all volunteers are
college graduates.
Presently, 188 volunteers are
needed from among seniors grat.
uating this Spring to fill vacan
cies in fifteen specialized pro
grams.
Stanford University leads the
nation in number of seniors ap
plying for Peace Corps duty,
according to Jack Vaughn, Peace
Corps director. Ten point two

per cent of Stanford's senioi
have applied, as compared with
U. C. S. B. (10), Cal Berkley
(7.2), Columbia (7), Michigan
(6.5), San Jose (5.7), and Wis
consin (5.1), among the top 41
of 241 campuses visited by re
cruiters between September and
December.
These figures are indicative of
the increasing interest and re
sponse to this program, as the
Peace Corps moves towards its
sixth year.
In its second consecutive year
of major growth, the Corps
hopes to get about 18,0 C"»
"prime" applicants (those avail
able for service between Spring
and Fall of 1967), in order to
mount an expansion into as
many as ten new countries,
bringing the total number of
volunteers to about 15,000 serv
ing in sixty or more countrie
by the end of 1967.
There are now 12,000 men and
women serving in fifty-two coun
tries, the male-female ratio be
ing about 60-40.
"The Peace Corps' hold on the
Imagination of today's college
student is stronger than it wa.
six years ago," Vaughn said.
"Not only are we getting volun
teers to meet increasing re
quests from overseas, I think we
are getting better men and wom
en."
Most of these volunteers are
liberal arts majors; recruitei
have less success with persons
with specialized skills in agri
culture, math and science, engi
neering and other fields. About
85 per cent of all volunteers are
college graduates.
Presently, 188 volunteers are
needed from among seniors grat.
uating this Spring to fill vacan
cies in fifteen specialized pro
grams.
Stanford University leads the
nation in number of seniors ap
plying for Peace Corps duty,
according to Jack Vaughn, Peace
Corps director. Ten point two

per cent of Stanford's senioi
have applied, as compared with
U. C. S. B. (10), Cal Berkley
(7.2), Columbia (7), Michigan
(6.5), San Jose (5.7), and Wis
consin (5.1), among the top 41
of 241 campuses visited by re
cruiters between September and
December.
These figures are indicative of
the increasing interest and re
sponse to this program, as the
Peace Corps moves towards its
sixth year.
In its second consecutive year
of major growth, the Corps
hopes to get about 18,0 C"»
"prime" applicants (those avail
able for service between Spring
and Fall of 1967), in order to
mount an expansion into as
many as ten new countries,
bringing the total number of
volunteers to about 15,000 serv
ing in sixty or more countrie
by the end of 1967.
There are now 12,000 men and
women serving in fifty-two coun
tries, the male-female ratio be
ing about 60-40.
"The Peace Corps' hold on the
Imagination of today's college
student is stronger than it wa.
six years ago," Vaughn said.
"Not only are we getting volun
teers to meet increasing re
quests from overseas, I think we
are getting better men and wom
en."
Most of these volunteers are
liberal arts majors; recruitei
have less success with persons
with specialized skills in agri
culture, math and science, engi
neering and other fields. About
85 per cent of all volunteers are
college graduates.
Presently, 188 volunteers are
needed from among seniors grat.
uating this Spring to fill vacan
cies in fifteen specialized pro
grams.
Stanford University leads the
nation in number of seniors ap
plying for Peace Corps duty,
according to Jack Vaughn, Peace
Corps director. Ten point two

per cent of Stanford's senioi
have applied, as compared with
U. C. S. B. (10), Cal Berkley
(7.2), Columbia (7), Michigan
(6.5), San Jose (5.7), and Wis
consin (5.1), among the top 41
of 241 campuses visited by re
cruiters between September and
December.
These figures are indicative of
the increasing interest and re
sponse to this program, as the
Peace Corps moves towards its
sixth year.
In its second consecutive year
of major growth, the Corps
hopes to get about 18,0 C"»
"prime" applicants (those avail
able for service between Spring
and Fall of 1967), in order to
mount an expansion into as
many as ten new countries,
bringing the total number of
volunteers to about 15,000 serv
ing in sixty or more countrie
by the end of 1967.
There are now 12,000 men and
women serving in fifty-two coun
tries, the male-female ratio be
ing about 60-40.
"The Peace Corps' hold on the
Imagination of today's college
student is stronger than it wa.
six years ago," Vaughn said.
"Not only are we getting volun
teers to meet increasing re
quests from overseas, I think we
are getting better men and wom
en."
Most of these volunteers are
liberal arts majors; recruitei
have less success with persons
with specialized skills in agri
culture, math and science, engi
neering and other fields. About
85 per cent of all volunteers are
college graduates.
Presently, 188 volunteers are
needed from among seniors grat.
uating this Spring to fill vacan
cies in fifteen specialized pro
grams.
