# Adv. 27 Page 7
## 
### 
HELP!
Students wo have used
textbooks that you
need.
LET'S CET TOGETHER!
COLLEGE BOOK
SHOP
536 Emerson St.
PALO ALTO
Cut Your Book Budget
in Two
HELP!
Students wo have used
textbooks that you
need.
LET'S CET TOGETHER!
COLLEGE BOOK
SHOP
536 Emerson St.
PALO ALTO
Cut Your Book Budget
in Two
HELP!
Students wo have used
textbooks that you
need.
LET'S CET TOGETHER!
COLLEGE BOOK
SHOP
536 Emerson St.
PALO ALTO
Cut Your Book Budget
in Two
HELP!
Students wo have used
textbooks that you
need.
LET'S CET TOGETHER!
COLLEGE BOOK
SHOP
536 Emerson St.
PALO ALTO
Cut Your Book Budget
in Two
HELP!
Students wo have used
textbooks that you
need.
LET'S CET TOGETHER!
COLLEGE BOOK
SHOP
536 Emerson St.
PALO ALTO
Cut Your Book Budget
in Two
HELP!
Students wo have used
textbooks that you
need.
LET'S CET TOGETHER!
COLLEGE BOOK
SHOP
536 Emerson St.
PALO ALTO
Cut Your Book Budget
in Two
HELP!
Students wo have used
textbooks that you
need.
LET'S CET TOGETHER!
COLLEGE BOOK
SHOP
536 Emerson St.
PALO ALTO
Cut Your Book Budget
in Two
HELP!
Students wo have used
textbooks that you
need.
LET'S CET TOGETHER!
COLLEGE BOOK
SHOP
536 Emerson St.
PALO ALTO
Cut Your Book Budget
in Two
HELP!
Students wo have used
textbooks that you
need.
LET'S CET TOGETHER!
COLLEGE BOOK
SHOP
536 Emerson St.
PALO ALTO
Cut Your Book Budget
in Two
HELP!
Students wo have used
textbooks that you
need.
LET'S CET TOGETHER!
COLLEGE BOOK
SHOP
536 Emerson St.
PALO ALTO
Cut Your Book Budget
in Two
HELP!
Students wo have used
textbooks that you
need.
LET'S CET TOGETHER!
COLLEGE BOOK
SHOP
536 Emerson St.
PALO ALTO
Cut Your Book Budget
in Two
HELP!
Students wo have used
textbooks that you
need.
LET'S CET TOGETHER!
COLLEGE BOOK
SHOP
536 Emerson St.
PALO ALTO
Cut Your Book Budget
in Two
HELP!
Students wo have used
textbooks that you
need.
LET'S CET TOGETHER!
COLLEGE BOOK
SHOP
536 Emerson St.
PALO ALTO
Cut Your Book Budget
in Two
HELP!
Students wo have used
textbooks that you
need.
LET'S CET TOGETHER!
COLLEGE BOOK
SHOP
536 Emerson St.
PALO ALTO
Cut Your Book Budget
in Two
HELP!
Students wo have used
textbooks that you
need.
LET'S CET TOGETHER!
COLLEGE BOOK
SHOP
536 Emerson St.
PALO ALTO
Cut Your Book Budget
in Two
HELP!
Students wo have used
textbooks that you
need.
LET'S CET TOGETHER!
COLLEGE BOOK
SHOP
536 Emerson St.
PALO ALTO
Cut Your Book Budget
in Two
