# Daily Editors Request Freshmen Tryoutees
## 
### 
The Daily needs cub reporters
as it embarks upon a new quarter.
All interested persons are asked to
turn up at The Sback for the try
outee training period which will
begin soon after registration. The
exact date will be announced in a
later issue of The Daily. No previ
ous experience is required, and
freshmen are especially urged to
try out.
The Daily needs cub reporters
as it embarks upon a new quarter.
All interested persons are asked to
turn up at The Sback for the try
outee training period which will
begin soon after registration. The
exact date will be announced in a
later issue of The Daily. No previ
ous experience is required, and
freshmen are especially urged to
try out.
The Daily needs cub reporters
as it embarks upon a new quarter.
All interested persons are asked to
turn up at The Sback for the try
outee training period which will
begin soon after registration. The
exact date will be announced in a
later issue of The Daily. No previ
ous experience is required, and
freshmen are especially urged to
try out.
The Daily needs cub reporters
as it embarks upon a new quarter.
All interested persons are asked to
turn up at The Sback for the try
outee training period which will
begin soon after registration. The
exact date will be announced in a
later issue of The Daily. No previ
ous experience is required, and
freshmen are especially urged to
try out.
The Daily needs cub reporters
as it embarks upon a new quarter.
All interested persons are asked to
turn up at The Sback for the try
outee training period which will
begin soon after registration. The
exact date will be announced in a
later issue of The Daily. No previ
ous experience is required, and
freshmen are especially urged to
try out.
The Daily needs cub reporters
as it embarks upon a new quarter.
All interested persons are asked to
turn up at The Sback for the try
outee training period which will
begin soon after registration. The
exact date will be announced in a
later issue of The Daily. No previ
ous experience is required, and
freshmen are especially urged to
try out.
The Daily needs cub reporters
as it embarks upon a new quarter.
All interested persons are asked to
turn up at The Sback for the try
outee training period which will
begin soon after registration. The
exact date will be announced in a
later issue of The Daily. No previ
ous experience is required, and
freshmen are especially urged to
try out.
The Daily needs cub reporters
as it embarks upon a new quarter.
All interested persons are asked to
turn up at The Sback for the try
outee training period which will
begin soon after registration. The
exact date will be announced in a
later issue of The Daily. No previ
ous experience is required, and
freshmen are especially urged to
try out.
The Daily needs cub reporters
as it embarks upon a new quarter.
All interested persons are asked to
turn up at The Sback for the try
outee training period which will
begin soon after registration. The
exact date will be announced in a
later issue of The Daily. No previ
ous experience is required, and
freshmen are especially urged to
try out.
The Daily needs cub reporters
as it embarks upon a new quarter.
All interested persons are asked to
turn up at The Sback for the try
outee training period which will
begin soon after registration. The
exact date will be announced in a
later issue of The Daily. No previ
ous experience is required, and
freshmen are especially urged to
try out.
The Daily needs cub reporters
as it embarks upon a new quarter.
All interested persons are asked to
turn up at The Sback for the try
outee training period which will
begin soon after registration. The
exact date will be announced in a
later issue of The Daily. No previ
ous experience is required, and
freshmen are especially urged to
try out.
The Daily needs cub reporters
as it embarks upon a new quarter.
All interested persons are asked to
turn up at The Sback for the try
outee training period which will
begin soon after registration. The
exact date will be announced in a
later issue of The Daily. No previ
ous experience is required, and
freshmen are especially urged to
try out.
The Daily needs cub reporters
as it embarks upon a new quarter.
All interested persons are asked to
turn up at The Sback for the try
outee training period which will
begin soon after registration. The
exact date will be announced in a
later issue of The Daily. No previ
ous experience is required, and
freshmen are especially urged to
try out.
The Daily needs cub reporters
as it embarks upon a new quarter.
All interested persons are asked to
turn up at The Sback for the try
outee training period which will
begin soon after registration. The
exact date will be announced in a
later issue of The Daily. No previ
ous experience is required, and
freshmen are especially urged to
try out.
The Daily needs cub reporters
as it embarks upon a new quarter.
All interested persons are asked to
turn up at The Sback for the try
outee training period which will
begin soon after registration. The
exact date will be announced in a
later issue of The Daily. No previ
ous experience is required, and
freshmen are especially urged to
try out.
The Daily needs cub reporters
as it embarks upon a new quarter.
All interested persons are asked to
turn up at The Sback for the try
outee training period which will
begin soon after registration. The
exact date will be announced in a
later issue of The Daily. No previ
ous experience is required, and
freshmen are especially urged to
try out.
