# Jacoby's Will Filed In Los Angeles Court
## 
### 
The will of Melville Jacoby, Stan
ford graduate and well-known war
correspondent, killed in an airplane
crash in Australia last spring, has
been filed for probate in Los Ange
les. The estate of $20,000 will prob
ably go to his widow, the former
Annalee Whitmore. The will leaves
Jacoby's estate to his mother, but,
since the document was drawn be
fore his marriage, California law in
validates it.
The will of Melville Jacoby, Stan
ford graduate and well-known war
correspondent, killed in an airplane
crash in Australia last spring, has
been filed for probate in Los Ange
les. The estate of $20,000 will prob
ably go to his widow, the former
Annalee Whitmore. The will leaves
Jacoby's estate to his mother, but,
since the document was drawn be
fore his marriage, California law in
validates it.
The will of Melville Jacoby, Stan
ford graduate and well-known war
correspondent, killed in an airplane
crash in Australia last spring, has
been filed for probate in Los Ange
les. The estate of $20,000 will prob
ably go to his widow, the former
Annalee Whitmore. The will leaves
Jacoby's estate to his mother, but,
since the document was drawn be
fore his marriage, California law in
validates it.
The will of Melville Jacoby, Stan
ford graduate and well-known war
correspondent, killed in an airplane
crash in Australia last spring, has
been filed for probate in Los Ange
les. The estate of $20,000 will prob
ably go to his widow, the former
Annalee Whitmore. The will leaves
Jacoby's estate to his mother, but,
since the document was drawn be
fore his marriage, California law in
validates it.
The will of Melville Jacoby, Stan
ford graduate and well-known war
correspondent, killed in an airplane
crash in Australia last spring, has
been filed for probate in Los Ange
les. The estate of $20,000 will prob
ably go to his widow, the former
Annalee Whitmore. The will leaves
Jacoby's estate to his mother, but,
since the document was drawn be
fore his marriage, California law in
validates it.
The will of Melville Jacoby, Stan
ford graduate and well-known war
correspondent, killed in an airplane
crash in Australia last spring, has
been filed for probate in Los Ange
les. The estate of $20,000 will prob
ably go to his widow, the former
Annalee Whitmore. The will leaves
Jacoby's estate to his mother, but,
since the document was drawn be
fore his marriage, California law in
validates it.
The will of Melville Jacoby, Stan
ford graduate and well-known war
correspondent, killed in an airplane
crash in Australia last spring, has
been filed for probate in Los Ange
les. The estate of $20,000 will prob
ably go to his widow, the former
Annalee Whitmore. The will leaves
Jacoby's estate to his mother, but,
since the document was drawn be
fore his marriage, California law in
validates it.
The will of Melville Jacoby, Stan
ford graduate and well-known war
correspondent, killed in an airplane
crash in Australia last spring, has
been filed for probate in Los Ange
les. The estate of $20,000 will prob
ably go to his widow, the former
Annalee Whitmore. The will leaves
Jacoby's estate to his mother, but,
since the document was drawn be
fore his marriage, California law in
validates it.
The will of Melville Jacoby, Stan
ford graduate and well-known war
correspondent, killed in an airplane
crash in Australia last spring, has
been filed for probate in Los Ange
les. The estate of $20,000 will prob
ably go to his widow, the former
Annalee Whitmore. The will leaves
Jacoby's estate to his mother, but,
since the document was drawn be
fore his marriage, California law in
validates it.
The will of Melville Jacoby, Stan
ford graduate and well-known war
correspondent, killed in an airplane
crash in Australia last spring, has
been filed for probate in Los Ange
les. The estate of $20,000 will prob
ably go to his widow, the former
Annalee Whitmore. The will leaves
Jacoby's estate to his mother, but,
since the document was drawn be
fore his marriage, California law in
validates it.
The will of Melville Jacoby, Stan
ford graduate and well-known war
correspondent, killed in an airplane
crash in Australia last spring, has
been filed for probate in Los Ange
les. The estate of $20,000 will prob
ably go to his widow, the former
Annalee Whitmore. The will leaves
Jacoby's estate to his mother, but,
since the document was drawn be
fore his marriage, California law in
validates it.
The will of Melville Jacoby, Stan
ford graduate and well-known war
correspondent, killed in an airplane
crash in Australia last spring, has
been filed for probate in Los Ange
les. The estate of $20,000 will prob
ably go to his widow, the former
Annalee Whitmore. The will leaves
Jacoby's estate to his mother, but,
since the document was drawn be
fore his marriage, California law in
validates it.
The will of Melville Jacoby, Stan
ford graduate and well-known war
correspondent, killed in an airplane
crash in Australia last spring, has
been filed for probate in Los Ange
les. The estate of $20,000 will prob
ably go to his widow, the former
Annalee Whitmore. The will leaves
Jacoby's estate to his mother, but,
since the document was drawn be
fore his marriage, California law in
validates it.
The will of Melville Jacoby, Stan
ford graduate and well-known war
correspondent, killed in an airplane
crash in Australia last spring, has
been filed for probate in Los Ange
les. The estate of $20,000 will prob
ably go to his widow, the former
Annalee Whitmore. The will leaves
Jacoby's estate to his mother, but,
since the document was drawn be
fore his marriage, California law in
validates it.
The will of Melville Jacoby, Stan
ford graduate and well-known war
correspondent, killed in an airplane
crash in Australia last spring, has
been filed for probate in Los Ange
les. The estate of $20,000 will prob
ably go to his widow, the former
Annalee Whitmore. The will leaves
Jacoby's estate to his mother, but,
since the document was drawn be
fore his marriage, California law in
validates it.
The will of Melville Jacoby, Stan
ford graduate and well-known war
correspondent, killed in an airplane
crash in Australia last spring, has
been filed for probate in Los Ange
les. The estate of $20,000 will prob
ably go to his widow, the former
Annalee Whitmore. The will leaves
Jacoby's estate to his mother, but,
since the document was drawn be
fore his marriage, California law in
validates it.
