# Standlee Sparks Army Stars to Win
## 
### 
The Eastern Army all stars tri
umphed over the Brooklyn Dodgers
last night 13 to 7 behind the great
playing of Norm Standlee, former
Stanford and Chicago Bear back.
Standlee scored one touchdown and
was instrumental in the second. Pug
Manders was the shining light for
the Dodgers.
The Eastern Army all stars tri
umphed over the Brooklyn Dodgers
last night 13 to 7 behind the great
playing of Norm Standlee, former
Stanford and Chicago Bear back.
Standlee scored one touchdown and
was instrumental in the second. Pug
Manders was the shining light for
the Dodgers.
The Eastern Army all stars tri
umphed over the Brooklyn Dodgers
last night 13 to 7 behind the great
playing of Norm Standlee, former
Stanford and Chicago Bear back.
Standlee scored one touchdown and
was instrumental in the second. Pug
Manders was the shining light for
the Dodgers.
The Eastern Army all stars tri
umphed over the Brooklyn Dodgers
last night 13 to 7 behind the great
playing of Norm Standlee, former
Stanford and Chicago Bear back.
Standlee scored one touchdown and
was instrumental in the second. Pug
Manders was the shining light for
the Dodgers.
The Eastern Army all stars tri
umphed over the Brooklyn Dodgers
last night 13 to 7 behind the great
playing of Norm Standlee, former
Stanford and Chicago Bear back.
Standlee scored one touchdown and
was instrumental in the second. Pug
Manders was the shining light for
the Dodgers.
The Eastern Army all stars tri
umphed over the Brooklyn Dodgers
last night 13 to 7 behind the great
playing of Norm Standlee, former
Stanford and Chicago Bear back.
Standlee scored one touchdown and
was instrumental in the second. Pug
Manders was the shining light for
the Dodgers.
The Eastern Army all stars tri
umphed over the Brooklyn Dodgers
last night 13 to 7 behind the great
playing of Norm Standlee, former
Stanford and Chicago Bear back.
Standlee scored one touchdown and
was instrumental in the second. Pug
Manders was the shining light for
the Dodgers.
The Eastern Army all stars tri
umphed over the Brooklyn Dodgers
last night 13 to 7 behind the great
playing of Norm Standlee, former
Stanford and Chicago Bear back.
Standlee scored one touchdown and
was instrumental in the second. Pug
Manders was the shining light for
the Dodgers.
The Eastern Army all stars tri
umphed over the Brooklyn Dodgers
last night 13 to 7 behind the great
playing of Norm Standlee, former
Stanford and Chicago Bear back.
Standlee scored one touchdown and
was instrumental in the second. Pug
Manders was the shining light for
the Dodgers.
The Eastern Army all stars tri
umphed over the Brooklyn Dodgers
last night 13 to 7 behind the great
playing of Norm Standlee, former
Stanford and Chicago Bear back.
Standlee scored one touchdown and
was instrumental in the second. Pug
Manders was the shining light for
the Dodgers.
The Eastern Army all stars tri
umphed over the Brooklyn Dodgers
last night 13 to 7 behind the great
playing of Norm Standlee, former
Stanford and Chicago Bear back.
Standlee scored one touchdown and
was instrumental in the second. Pug
Manders was the shining light for
the Dodgers.
The Eastern Army all stars tri
umphed over the Brooklyn Dodgers
last night 13 to 7 behind the great
playing of Norm Standlee, former
Stanford and Chicago Bear back.
Standlee scored one touchdown and
was instrumental in the second. Pug
Manders was the shining light for
the Dodgers.
The Eastern Army all stars tri
umphed over the Brooklyn Dodgers
last night 13 to 7 behind the great
playing of Norm Standlee, former
Stanford and Chicago Bear back.
Standlee scored one touchdown and
was instrumental in the second. Pug
Manders was the shining light for
the Dodgers.
The Eastern Army all stars tri
umphed over the Brooklyn Dodgers
last night 13 to 7 behind the great
playing of Norm Standlee, former
Stanford and Chicago Bear back.
Standlee scored one touchdown and
was instrumental in the second. Pug
Manders was the shining light for
the Dodgers.
The Eastern Army all stars tri
umphed over the Brooklyn Dodgers
last night 13 to 7 behind the great
playing of Norm Standlee, former
Stanford and Chicago Bear back.
Standlee scored one touchdown and
was instrumental in the second. Pug
Manders was the shining light for
the Dodgers.
The Eastern Army all stars tri
umphed over the Brooklyn Dodgers
last night 13 to 7 behind the great
playing of Norm Standlee, former
Stanford and Chicago Bear back.
Standlee scored one touchdown and
was instrumental in the second. Pug
Manders was the shining light for
the Dodgers.
