# Prof. Myers Works In Brazilian Museum
## 
### 
Dr. George S. Myers, professor of
biology and curator of the zoological
collections at Stanford, is at present
in Brazil on one of the exchange pro
fessorships.
Leaving in June, Dr. Myers is now
assisting in the development of the
department of fishes of the Brazilian
National Museum in addition to con
ducting research into the fishes and
fisheries resources of Brazil.
Dr. George S. Myers, professor of
biology and curator of the zoological
collections at Stanford, is at present
in Brazil on one of the exchange pro
fessorships.
Leaving in June, Dr. Myers is now
assisting in the development of the
department of fishes of the Brazilian
National Museum in addition to con
ducting research into the fishes and
fisheries resources of Brazil.
Dr. George S. Myers, professor of
biology and curator of the zoological
collections at Stanford, is at present
in Brazil on one of the exchange pro
fessorships.
Leaving in June, Dr. Myers is now
assisting in the development of the
department of fishes of the Brazilian
National Museum in addition to con
ducting research into the fishes and
fisheries resources of Brazil.
Dr. George S. Myers, professor of
biology and curator of the zoological
collections at Stanford, is at present
in Brazil on one of the exchange pro
fessorships.
Leaving in June, Dr. Myers is now
assisting in the development of the
department of fishes of the Brazilian
National Museum in addition to con
ducting research into the fishes and
fisheries resources of Brazil.
Dr. George S. Myers, professor of
biology and curator of the zoological
collections at Stanford, is at present
in Brazil on one of the exchange pro
fessorships.
Leaving in June, Dr. Myers is now
assisting in the development of the
department of fishes of the Brazilian
National Museum in addition to con
ducting research into the fishes and
fisheries resources of Brazil.
Dr. George S. Myers, professor of
biology and curator of the zoological
collections at Stanford, is at present
in Brazil on one of the exchange pro
fessorships.
Leaving in June, Dr. Myers is now
assisting in the development of the
department of fishes of the Brazilian
National Museum in addition to con
ducting research into the fishes and
fisheries resources of Brazil.
Dr. George S. Myers, professor of
biology and curator of the zoological
collections at Stanford, is at present
in Brazil on one of the exchange pro
fessorships.
Leaving in June, Dr. Myers is now
assisting in the development of the
department of fishes of the Brazilian
National Museum in addition to con
ducting research into the fishes and
fisheries resources of Brazil.
Dr. George S. Myers, professor of
biology and curator of the zoological
collections at Stanford, is at present
in Brazil on one of the exchange pro
fessorships.
Leaving in June, Dr. Myers is now
assisting in the development of the
department of fishes of the Brazilian
National Museum in addition to con
ducting research into the fishes and
fisheries resources of Brazil.
Dr. George S. Myers, professor of
biology and curator of the zoological
collections at Stanford, is at present
in Brazil on one of the exchange pro
fessorships.
Leaving in June, Dr. Myers is now
assisting in the development of the
department of fishes of the Brazilian
National Museum in addition to con
ducting research into the fishes and
fisheries resources of Brazil.
Dr. George S. Myers, professor of
biology and curator of the zoological
collections at Stanford, is at present
in Brazil on one of the exchange pro
fessorships.
Leaving in June, Dr. Myers is now
assisting in the development of the
department of fishes of the Brazilian
National Museum in addition to con
ducting research into the fishes and
fisheries resources of Brazil.
Dr. George S. Myers, professor of
biology and curator of the zoological
collections at Stanford, is at present
in Brazil on one of the exchange pro
fessorships.
Leaving in June, Dr. Myers is now
assisting in the development of the
department of fishes of the Brazilian
National Museum in addition to con
ducting research into the fishes and
fisheries resources of Brazil.
Dr. George S. Myers, professor of
biology and curator of the zoological
collections at Stanford, is at present
in Brazil on one of the exchange pro
fessorships.
Leaving in June, Dr. Myers is now
assisting in the development of the
department of fishes of the Brazilian
National Museum in addition to con
ducting research into the fishes and
fisheries resources of Brazil.
Dr. George S. Myers, professor of
biology and curator of the zoological
collections at Stanford, is at present
in Brazil on one of the exchange pro
fessorships.
Leaving in June, Dr. Myers is now
assisting in the development of the
department of fishes of the Brazilian
National Museum in addition to con
ducting research into the fishes and
fisheries resources of Brazil.
Dr. George S. Myers, professor of
biology and curator of the zoological
collections at Stanford, is at present
in Brazil on one of the exchange pro
fessorships.
Leaving in June, Dr. Myers is now
assisting in the development of the
department of fishes of the Brazilian
National Museum in addition to con
ducting research into the fishes and
fisheries resources of Brazil.
Dr. George S. Myers, professor of
biology and curator of the zoological
collections at Stanford, is at present
in Brazil on one of the exchange pro
fessorships.
Leaving in June, Dr. Myers is now
assisting in the development of the
department of fishes of the Brazilian
National Museum in addition to con
ducting research into the fishes and
fisheries resources of Brazil.
Dr. George S. Myers, professor of
biology and curator of the zoological
collections at Stanford, is at present
in Brazil on one of the exchange pro
fessorships.
Leaving in June, Dr. Myers is now
assisting in the development of the
department of fishes of the Brazilian
National Museum in addition to con
ducting research into the fishes and
fisheries resources of Brazil.
