# Dean Mary Yost
## 
### 
To the new men and women of
Stanford:
A very cordial welcome to each of
you. We are facing a year of hard
work and severe self-discipline, but
onp also which can be full of the
joys of achievement and the warmth
of friendship, the laughter of com
rades. You will have a large share
in determining the quality of this
year. Make it the best Stanford has
known.
Mary Yost
Dean of Women

To the new men and women of
Stanford:
A very cordial welcome to each of
you. We are facing a year of hard
work and severe self-discipline, but
onp also which can be full of the
joys of achievement and the warmth
of friendship, the laughter of com
rades. You will have a large share
in determining the quality of this
year. Make it the best Stanford has
known.
Mary Yost
Dean of Women

To the new men and women of
Stanford:
A very cordial welcome to each of
you. We are facing a year of hard
work and severe self-discipline, but
onp also which can be full of the
joys of achievement and the warmth
of friendship, the laughter of com
rades. You will have a large share
in determining the quality of this
year. Make it the best Stanford has
known.
Mary Yost
Dean of Women

To the new men and women of
Stanford:
A very cordial welcome to each of
you. We are facing a year of hard
work and severe self-discipline, but
onp also which can be full of the
joys of achievement and the warmth
of friendship, the laughter of com
rades. You will have a large share
in determining the quality of this
year. Make it the best Stanford has
known.
Mary Yost
Dean of Women

To the new men and women of
Stanford:
A very cordial welcome to each of
you. We are facing a year of hard
work and severe self-discipline, but
onp also which can be full of the
joys of achievement and the warmth
of friendship, the laughter of com
rades. You will have a large share
in determining the quality of this
year. Make it the best Stanford has
known.
Mary Yost
Dean of Women

To the new men and women of
Stanford:
A very cordial welcome to each of
you. We are facing a year of hard
work and severe self-discipline, but
onp also which can be full of the
joys of achievement and the warmth
of friendship, the laughter of com
rades. You will have a large share
in determining the quality of this
year. Make it the best Stanford has
known.
Mary Yost
Dean of Women

To the new men and women of
Stanford:
A very cordial welcome to each of
you. We are facing a year of hard
work and severe self-discipline, but
onp also which can be full of the
joys of achievement and the warmth
of friendship, the laughter of com
rades. You will have a large share
in determining the quality of this
year. Make it the best Stanford has
known.
Mary Yost
Dean of Women

To the new men and women of
Stanford:
A very cordial welcome to each of
you. We are facing a year of hard
work and severe self-discipline, but
onp also which can be full of the
joys of achievement and the warmth
of friendship, the laughter of com
rades. You will have a large share
in determining the quality of this
year. Make it the best Stanford has
known.
Mary Yost
Dean of Women

To the new men and women of
Stanford:
A very cordial welcome to each of
you. We are facing a year of hard
work and severe self-discipline, but
onp also which can be full of the
joys of achievement and the warmth
of friendship, the laughter of com
rades. You will have a large share
in determining the quality of this
year. Make it the best Stanford has
known.
Mary Yost
Dean of Women

To the new men and women of
Stanford:
A very cordial welcome to each of
you. We are facing a year of hard
work and severe self-discipline, but
onp also which can be full of the
joys of achievement and the warmth
of friendship, the laughter of com
rades. You will have a large share
in determining the quality of this
year. Make it the best Stanford has
known.
Mary Yost
Dean of Women

To the new men and women of
Stanford:
A very cordial welcome to each of
you. We are facing a year of hard
work and severe self-discipline, but
onp also which can be full of the
joys of achievement and the warmth
of friendship, the laughter of com
rades. You will have a large share
in determining the quality of this
year. Make it the best Stanford has
known.
Mary Yost
Dean of Women

To the new men and women of
Stanford:
A very cordial welcome to each of
you. We are facing a year of hard
work and severe self-discipline, but
onp also which can be full of the
joys of achievement and the warmth
of friendship, the laughter of com
rades. You will have a large share
in determining the quality of this
year. Make it the best Stanford has
known.
Mary Yost
Dean of Women

To the new men and women of
Stanford:
A very cordial welcome to each of
you. We are facing a year of hard
work and severe self-discipline, but
onp also which can be full of the
joys of achievement and the warmth
of friendship, the laughter of com
rades. You will have a large share
in determining the quality of this
year. Make it the best Stanford has
known.
Mary Yost
Dean of Women

To the new men and women of
Stanford:
A very cordial welcome to each of
you. We are facing a year of hard
work and severe self-discipline, but
onp also which can be full of the
joys of achievement and the warmth
of friendship, the laughter of com
rades. You will have a large share
in determining the quality of this
year. Make it the best Stanford has
known.
Mary Yost
Dean of Women

To the new men and women of
Stanford:
A very cordial welcome to each of
you. We are facing a year of hard
work and severe self-discipline, but
onp also which can be full of the
joys of achievement and the warmth
of friendship, the laughter of com
rades. You will have a large share
in determining the quality of this
year. Make it the best Stanford has
known.
Mary Yost
Dean of Women

To the new men and women of
Stanford:
A very cordial welcome to each of
you. We are facing a year of hard
work and severe self-discipline, but
onp also which can be full of the
joys of achievement and the warmth
of friendship, the laughter of com
rades. You will have a large share
in determining the quality of this
year. Make it the best Stanford has
known.
Mary Yost
Dean of Women

