# ELIGIBILITY QUESTION
## 
### 
The eligibility of Boh Kennedy and
Jay Stoves, WSC Riid stars who
played A.A.U. basketball last win
ter, is still under consideration.
The eligibility of Boh Kennedy and
Jay Stoves, WSC Riid stars who
played A.A.U. basketball last win
ter, is still under consideration.
The eligibility of Boh Kennedy and
Jay Stoves, WSC Riid stars who
played A.A.U. basketball last win
ter, is still under consideration.
The eligibility of Boh Kennedy and
Jay Stoves, WSC Riid stars who
played A.A.U. basketball last win
ter, is still under consideration.
The eligibility of Boh Kennedy and
Jay Stoves, WSC Riid stars who
played A.A.U. basketball last win
ter, is still under consideration.
The eligibility of Boh Kennedy and
Jay Stoves, WSC Riid stars who
played A.A.U. basketball last win
ter, is still under consideration.
The eligibility of Boh Kennedy and
Jay Stoves, WSC Riid stars who
played A.A.U. basketball last win
ter, is still under consideration.
The eligibility of Boh Kennedy and
Jay Stoves, WSC Riid stars who
played A.A.U. basketball last win
ter, is still under consideration.
The eligibility of Boh Kennedy and
Jay Stoves, WSC Riid stars who
played A.A.U. basketball last win
ter, is still under consideration.
The eligibility of Boh Kennedy and
Jay Stoves, WSC Riid stars who
played A.A.U. basketball last win
ter, is still under consideration.
The eligibility of Boh Kennedy and
Jay Stoves, WSC Riid stars who
played A.A.U. basketball last win
ter, is still under consideration.
The eligibility of Boh Kennedy and
Jay Stoves, WSC Riid stars who
played A.A.U. basketball last win
ter, is still under consideration.
The eligibility of Boh Kennedy and
Jay Stoves, WSC Riid stars who
played A.A.U. basketball last win
ter, is still under consideration.
The eligibility of Boh Kennedy and
Jay Stoves, WSC Riid stars who
played A.A.U. basketball last win
ter, is still under consideration.
The eligibility of Boh Kennedy and
Jay Stoves, WSC Riid stars who
played A.A.U. basketball last win
ter, is still under consideration.
The eligibility of Boh Kennedy and
Jay Stoves, WSC Riid stars who
played A.A.U. basketball last win
ter, is still under consideration.
