# PODIE LEADING
## 
### 
Ray ("Podie") Obetishain, star
lineman on the Firehouse champion
ship grid team of two years ago, is
a First Lieutenant in the United
States Air Corps and is serving as
flight commander somewhere in the
Orient.
Ray ("Podie") Obetishain, star
lineman on the Firehouse champion
ship grid team of two years ago, is
a First Lieutenant in the United
States Air Corps and is serving as
flight commander somewhere in the
Orient.
Ray ("Podie") Obetishain, star
lineman on the Firehouse champion
ship grid team of two years ago, is
a First Lieutenant in the United
States Air Corps and is serving as
flight commander somewhere in the
Orient.
Ray ("Podie") Obetishain, star
lineman on the Firehouse champion
ship grid team of two years ago, is
a First Lieutenant in the United
States Air Corps and is serving as
flight commander somewhere in the
Orient.
Ray ("Podie") Obetishain, star
lineman on the Firehouse champion
ship grid team of two years ago, is
a First Lieutenant in the United
States Air Corps and is serving as
flight commander somewhere in the
Orient.
Ray ("Podie") Obetishain, star
lineman on the Firehouse champion
ship grid team of two years ago, is
a First Lieutenant in the United
States Air Corps and is serving as
flight commander somewhere in the
Orient.
Ray ("Podie") Obetishain, star
lineman on the Firehouse champion
ship grid team of two years ago, is
a First Lieutenant in the United
States Air Corps and is serving as
flight commander somewhere in the
Orient.
Ray ("Podie") Obetishain, star
lineman on the Firehouse champion
ship grid team of two years ago, is
a First Lieutenant in the United
States Air Corps and is serving as
flight commander somewhere in the
Orient.
Ray ("Podie") Obetishain, star
lineman on the Firehouse champion
ship grid team of two years ago, is
a First Lieutenant in the United
States Air Corps and is serving as
flight commander somewhere in the
Orient.
Ray ("Podie") Obetishain, star
lineman on the Firehouse champion
ship grid team of two years ago, is
a First Lieutenant in the United
States Air Corps and is serving as
flight commander somewhere in the
Orient.
Ray ("Podie") Obetishain, star
lineman on the Firehouse champion
ship grid team of two years ago, is
a First Lieutenant in the United
States Air Corps and is serving as
flight commander somewhere in the
Orient.
Ray ("Podie") Obetishain, star
lineman on the Firehouse champion
ship grid team of two years ago, is
a First Lieutenant in the United
States Air Corps and is serving as
flight commander somewhere in the
Orient.
Ray ("Podie") Obetishain, star
lineman on the Firehouse champion
ship grid team of two years ago, is
a First Lieutenant in the United
States Air Corps and is serving as
flight commander somewhere in the
Orient.
Ray ("Podie") Obetishain, star
lineman on the Firehouse champion
ship grid team of two years ago, is
a First Lieutenant in the United
States Air Corps and is serving as
flight commander somewhere in the
Orient.
Ray ("Podie") Obetishain, star
lineman on the Firehouse champion
ship grid team of two years ago, is
a First Lieutenant in the United
States Air Corps and is serving as
flight commander somewhere in the
Orient.
Ray ("Podie") Obetishain, star
lineman on the Firehouse champion
ship grid team of two years ago, is
a First Lieutenant in the United
States Air Corps and is serving as
flight commander somewhere in the
Orient.
