# Nurse Given Red Cross Job
## Louise Baker Made Assistant Director 
### 
Miss Louise Baker, formerly on
administrative staff of Stanford Uni
versity Hospital in San Francisco,
has been appointed an assistant di
rector of the Red Cross Nursing
Service for the Pacific area.
She will have charge of enrolling
nurses for the armed forces in seven
western states, A. L. Schafer, Pacific
area manager, announced recently.
From 1933 to 1937 Miss Baker was
assistant director of nurses at Stan
ford University Hospital, and for the
last five years she has been super
intendent of Cottage Hospital in
Santa Barbara. Before serving at
Stanford she acted as director of
nurses at Northwestern Hospital in
Minneapolis, superintendent of a
Nome, Alaska hospital, and public
health nurse in Steele County, N.D.
Miss Baker will direct the activi
ties of committees on Red Cross
Nursing Service in key points in the
area, with headquarters in San Fran
cisco. She will maintain close con
tact with Army and Navy, as the
armed forces take all their nurses
from the Red Cross Nursing Reserve.
Miss Louise Baker, formerly on
administrative staff of Stanford Uni
versity Hospital in San Francisco,
has been appointed an assistant di
rector of the Red Cross Nursing
Service for the Pacific area.
She will have charge of enrolling
nurses for the armed forces in seven
western states, A. L. Schafer, Pacific
area manager, announced recently.
From 1933 to 1937 Miss Baker was
assistant director of nurses at Stan
ford University Hospital, and for the
last five years she has been super
intendent of Cottage Hospital in
Santa Barbara. Before serving at
Stanford she acted as director of
nurses at Northwestern Hospital in
Minneapolis, superintendent of a
Nome, Alaska hospital, and public
health nurse in Steele County, N.D.
Miss Baker will direct the activi
ties of committees on Red Cross
Nursing Service in key points in the
area, with headquarters in San Fran
cisco. She will maintain close con
tact with Army and Navy, as the
armed forces take all their nurses
from the Red Cross Nursing Reserve.
Miss Louise Baker, formerly on
administrative staff of Stanford Uni
versity Hospital in San Francisco,
has been appointed an assistant di
rector of the Red Cross Nursing
Service for the Pacific area.
She will have charge of enrolling
nurses for the armed forces in seven
western states, A. L. Schafer, Pacific
area manager, announced recently.
From 1933 to 1937 Miss Baker was
assistant director of nurses at Stan
ford University Hospital, and for the
last five years she has been super
intendent of Cottage Hospital in
Santa Barbara. Before serving at
Stanford she acted as director of
nurses at Northwestern Hospital in
Minneapolis, superintendent of a
Nome, Alaska hospital, and public
health nurse in Steele County, N.D.
Miss Baker will direct the activi
ties of committees on Red Cross
Nursing Service in key points in the
area, with headquarters in San Fran
cisco. She will maintain close con
tact with Army and Navy, as the
armed forces take all their nurses
from the Red Cross Nursing Reserve.
Miss Louise Baker, formerly on
administrative staff of Stanford Uni
versity Hospital in San Francisco,
has been appointed an assistant di
rector of the Red Cross Nursing
Service for the Pacific area.
She will have charge of enrolling
nurses for the armed forces in seven
western states, A. L. Schafer, Pacific
area manager, announced recently.
From 1933 to 1937 Miss Baker was
assistant director of nurses at Stan
ford University Hospital, and for the
last five years she has been super
intendent of Cottage Hospital in
Santa Barbara. Before serving at
Stanford she acted as director of
nurses at Northwestern Hospital in
Minneapolis, superintendent of a
Nome, Alaska hospital, and public
health nurse in Steele County, N.D.
Miss Baker will direct the activi
ties of committees on Red Cross
Nursing Service in key points in the
area, with headquarters in San Fran
cisco. She will maintain close con
tact with Army and Navy, as the
armed forces take all their nurses
from the Red Cross Nursing Reserve.
Miss Louise Baker, formerly on
administrative staff of Stanford Uni
versity Hospital in San Francisco,
has been appointed an assistant di
rector of the Red Cross Nursing
Service for the Pacific area.
She will have charge of enrolling
nurses for the armed forces in seven
western states, A. L. Schafer, Pacific
area manager, announced recently.
From 1933 to 1937 Miss Baker was
assistant director of nurses at Stan
ford University Hospital, and for the
last five years she has been super
intendent of Cottage Hospital in
Santa Barbara. Before serving at
Stanford she acted as director of
nurses at Northwestern Hospital in
Minneapolis, superintendent of a
Nome, Alaska hospital, and public
health nurse in Steele County, N.D.
Miss Baker will direct the activi
ties of committees on Red Cross
Nursing Service in key points in the
area, with headquarters in San Fran
cisco. She will maintain close con
tact with Army and Navy, as the
armed forces take all their nurses
from the Red Cross Nursing Reserve.
Miss Louise Baker, formerly on
administrative staff of Stanford Uni
versity Hospital in San Francisco,
has been appointed an assistant di
rector of the Red Cross Nursing
Service for the Pacific area.
She will have charge of enrolling
nurses for the armed forces in seven
western states, A. L. Schafer, Pacific
area manager, announced recently.
From 1933 to 1937 Miss Baker was
assistant director of nurses at Stan
ford University Hospital, and for the
last five years she has been super
intendent of Cottage Hospital in
Santa Barbara. Before serving at
Stanford she acted as director of
nurses at Northwestern Hospital in
Minneapolis, superintendent of a
Nome, Alaska hospital, and public
health nurse in Steele County, N.D.
Miss Baker will direct the activi
ties of committees on Red Cross
Nursing Service in key points in the
area, with headquarters in San Fran
cisco. She will maintain close con
tact with Army and Navy, as the
armed forces take all their nurses
from the Red Cross Nursing Reserve.
Miss Louise Baker, formerly on
administrative staff of Stanford Uni
versity Hospital in San Francisco,
has been appointed an assistant di
rector of the Red Cross Nursing
Service for the Pacific area.
She will have charge of enrolling
nurses for the armed forces in seven
western states, A. L. Schafer, Pacific
area manager, announced recently.
From 1933 to 1937 Miss Baker was
assistant director of nurses at Stan
ford University Hospital, and for the
last five years she has been super
intendent of Cottage Hospital in
Santa Barbara. Before serving at
Stanford she acted as director of
nurses at Northwestern Hospital in
Minneapolis, superintendent of a
Nome, Alaska hospital, and public
health nurse in Steele County, N.D.
Miss Baker will direct the activi
ties of committees on Red Cross
Nursing Service in key points in the
area, with headquarters in San Fran
cisco. She will maintain close con
tact with Army and Navy, as the
armed forces take all their nurses
from the Red Cross Nursing Reserve.
Miss Louise Baker, formerly on
administrative staff of Stanford Uni
versity Hospital in San Francisco,
has been appointed an assistant di
rector of the Red Cross Nursing
Service for the Pacific area.
She will have charge of enrolling
nurses for the armed forces in seven
western states, A. L. Schafer, Pacific
area manager, announced recently.
From 1933 to 1937 Miss Baker was
assistant director of nurses at Stan
ford University Hospital, and for the
last five years she has been super
intendent of Cottage Hospital in
Santa Barbara. Before serving at
Stanford she acted as director of
nurses at Northwestern Hospital in
Minneapolis, superintendent of a
Nome, Alaska hospital, and public
health nurse in Steele County, N.D.
Miss Baker will direct the activi
ties of committees on Red Cross
Nursing Service in key points in the
area, with headquarters in San Fran
cisco. She will maintain close con
tact with Army and Navy, as the
armed forces take all their nurses
from the Red Cross Nursing Reserve.
Miss Louise Baker, formerly on
administrative staff of Stanford Uni
versity Hospital in San Francisco,
has been appointed an assistant di
rector of the Red Cross Nursing
Service for the Pacific area.
She will have charge of enrolling
nurses for the armed forces in seven
western states, A. L. Schafer, Pacific
area manager, announced recently.
From 1933 to 1937 Miss Baker was
assistant director of nurses at Stan
ford University Hospital, and for the
last five years she has been super
intendent of Cottage Hospital in
Santa Barbara. Before serving at
Stanford she acted as director of
nurses at Northwestern Hospital in
Minneapolis, superintendent of a
Nome, Alaska hospital, and public
health nurse in Steele County, N.D.
Miss Baker will direct the activi
ties of committees on Red Cross
Nursing Service in key points in the
area, with headquarters in San Fran
cisco. She will maintain close con
tact with Army and Navy, as the
armed forces take all their nurses
from the Red Cross Nursing Reserve.
Miss Louise Baker, formerly on
administrative staff of Stanford Uni
versity Hospital in San Francisco,
has been appointed an assistant di
rector of the Red Cross Nursing
Service for the Pacific area.
She will have charge of enrolling
nurses for the armed forces in seven
western states, A. L. Schafer, Pacific
area manager, announced recently.
From 1933 to 1937 Miss Baker was
assistant director of nurses at Stan
ford University Hospital, and for the
last five years she has been super
intendent of Cottage Hospital in
Santa Barbara. Before serving at
Stanford she acted as director of
nurses at Northwestern Hospital in
Minneapolis, superintendent of a
Nome, Alaska hospital, and public
health nurse in Steele County, N.D.
Miss Baker will direct the activi
ties of committees on Red Cross
Nursing Service in key points in the
area, with headquarters in San Fran
cisco. She will maintain close con
tact with Army and Navy, as the
armed forces take all their nurses
from the Red Cross Nursing Reserve.
Miss Louise Baker, formerly on
administrative staff of Stanford Uni
versity Hospital in San Francisco,
has been appointed an assistant di
rector of the Red Cross Nursing
Service for the Pacific area.
She will have charge of enrolling
nurses for the armed forces in seven
western states, A. L. Schafer, Pacific
area manager, announced recently.
From 1933 to 1937 Miss Baker was
assistant director of nurses at Stan
ford University Hospital, and for the
last five years she has been super
intendent of Cottage Hospital in
Santa Barbara. Before serving at
Stanford she acted as director of
nurses at Northwestern Hospital in
Minneapolis, superintendent of a
Nome, Alaska hospital, and public
health nurse in Steele County, N.D.
Miss Baker will direct the activi
ties of committees on Red Cross
Nursing Service in key points in the
area, with headquarters in San Fran
cisco. She will maintain close con
tact with Army and Navy, as the
armed forces take all their nurses
from the Red Cross Nursing Reserve.
Miss Louise Baker, formerly on
administrative staff of Stanford Uni
versity Hospital in San Francisco,
has been appointed an assistant di
rector of the Red Cross Nursing
Service for the Pacific area.
She will have charge of enrolling
nurses for the armed forces in seven
western states, A. L. Schafer, Pacific
area manager, announced recently.
From 1933 to 1937 Miss Baker was
assistant director of nurses at Stan
ford University Hospital, and for the
last five years she has been super
intendent of Cottage Hospital in
Santa Barbara. Before serving at
Stanford she acted as director of
nurses at Northwestern Hospital in
Minneapolis, superintendent of a
Nome, Alaska hospital, and public
health nurse in Steele County, N.D.
Miss Baker will direct the activi
ties of committees on Red Cross
Nursing Service in key points in the
area, with headquarters in San Fran
cisco. She will maintain close con
tact with Army and Navy, as the
armed forces take all their nurses
from the Red Cross Nursing Reserve.
Miss Louise Baker, formerly on
administrative staff of Stanford Uni
versity Hospital in San Francisco,
has been appointed an assistant di
rector of the Red Cross Nursing
Service for the Pacific area.
She will have charge of enrolling
nurses for the armed forces in seven
western states, A. L. Schafer, Pacific
area manager, announced recently.
From 1933 to 1937 Miss Baker was
assistant director of nurses at Stan
ford University Hospital, and for the
last five years she has been super
intendent of Cottage Hospital in
Santa Barbara. Before serving at
Stanford she acted as director of
nurses at Northwestern Hospital in
Minneapolis, superintendent of a
Nome, Alaska hospital, and public
health nurse in Steele County, N.D.
Miss Baker will direct the activi
ties of committees on Red Cross
Nursing Service in key points in the
area, with headquarters in San Fran
cisco. She will maintain close con
tact with Army and Navy, as the
armed forces take all their nurses
from the Red Cross Nursing Reserve.
Miss Louise Baker, formerly on
administrative staff of Stanford Uni
versity Hospital in San Francisco,
has been appointed an assistant di
rector of the Red Cross Nursing
Service for the Pacific area.
She will have charge of enrolling
nurses for the armed forces in seven
western states, A. L. Schafer, Pacific
area manager, announced recently.
From 1933 to 1937 Miss Baker was
assistant director of nurses at Stan
ford University Hospital, and for the
last five years she has been super
intendent of Cottage Hospital in
Santa Barbara. Before serving at
Stanford she acted as director of
nurses at Northwestern Hospital in
Minneapolis, superintendent of a
Nome, Alaska hospital, and public
health nurse in Steele County, N.D.
Miss Baker will direct the activi
ties of committees on Red Cross
Nursing Service in key points in the
area, with headquarters in San Fran
cisco. She will maintain close con
tact with Army and Navy, as the
armed forces take all their nurses
from the Red Cross Nursing Reserve.
Miss Louise Baker, formerly on
administrative staff of Stanford Uni
versity Hospital in San Francisco,
has been appointed an assistant di
rector of the Red Cross Nursing
Service for the Pacific area.
She will have charge of enrolling
nurses for the armed forces in seven
western states, A. L. Schafer, Pacific
area manager, announced recently.
From 1933 to 1937 Miss Baker was
assistant director of nurses at Stan
ford University Hospital, and for the
last five years she has been super
intendent of Cottage Hospital in
Santa Barbara. Before serving at
Stanford she acted as director of
nurses at Northwestern Hospital in
Minneapolis, superintendent of a
Nome, Alaska hospital, and public
health nurse in Steele County, N.D.
Miss Baker will direct the activi
ties of committees on Red Cross
Nursing Service in key points in the
area, with headquarters in San Fran
cisco. She will maintain close con
tact with Army and Navy, as the
armed forces take all their nurses
from the Red Cross Nursing Reserve.
Miss Louise Baker, formerly on
administrative staff of Stanford Uni
versity Hospital in San Francisco,
has been appointed an assistant di
rector of the Red Cross Nursing
Service for the Pacific area.
She will have charge of enrolling
nurses for the armed forces in seven
western states, A. L. Schafer, Pacific
area manager, announced recently.
From 1933 to 1937 Miss Baker was
assistant director of nurses at Stan
ford University Hospital, and for the
last five years she has been super
intendent of Cottage Hospital in
Santa Barbara. Before serving at
Stanford she acted as director of
nurses at Northwestern Hospital in
Minneapolis, superintendent of a
Nome, Alaska hospital, and public
health nurse in Steele County, N.D.
Miss Baker will direct the activi
ties of committees on Red Cross
Nursing Service in key points in the
area, with headquarters in San Fran
cisco. She will maintain close con
tact with Army and Navy, as the
armed forces take all their nurses
from the Red Cross Nursing Reserve.
