# Christian Associations at Home.
## 
### 
The Christian Associations have
arranged for an ''at, home" on
the evening of April 8, the first
Saturday after the University
opens. Dr. and Mrs. Elliott have
kindly given their home for the
affair.
The Christian Associations have
arranged for an ''at, home" on
the evening of April 8, the first
Saturday after the University
opens. Dr. and Mrs. Elliott have
kindly given their home for the
affair.
The Christian Associations have
arranged for an ''at, home" on
the evening of April 8, the first
Saturday after the University
opens. Dr. and Mrs. Elliott have
kindly given their home for the
affair.
The Christian Associations have
arranged for an ''at, home" on
the evening of April 8, the first
Saturday after the University
opens. Dr. and Mrs. Elliott have
kindly given their home for the
affair.
The Christian Associations have
arranged for an ''at, home" on
the evening of April 8, the first
Saturday after the University
opens. Dr. and Mrs. Elliott have
kindly given their home for the
affair.
The Christian Associations have
arranged for an ''at, home" on
the evening of April 8, the first
Saturday after the University
opens. Dr. and Mrs. Elliott have
kindly given their home for the
affair.
