# INTERCLASS CONTESTS ON ANNUAL FIELD DAY
## 
### 
Interclass competition in baseball,
tennis and swimming, field events and
a special exhibition of folk dancing
will feature the annual Field Day
next Saturday, June I on the local
grounds. Field day is held yearly to
conclude the season of woman's ath
letics.
The interclass games and field
events of ball and discus throw, jave
lin hurling and jumping events are
scheduled for the morning. In the
afternoon the swimming competition
and under the supervision of Mrs. Er
nest Brandsten, swimming instructor,
and folk dancing directed by Miss
Muriel Vail, gymnasium instructor,
will take place.
Fencing bouts by interclass teams
have also been planned for Field day.
Miss Ruth Chandler, '19, is in
charge of the arrangements.
