# $4000 RAISED FOR RED CROSS FUND AT KANSAS
## 
### 
A recent Red Cross auction sale of
fancy work and cut glass was held at
the University of Kansas by the
women of that college. The proceeds
netted over $4000.
A recent Red Cross auction sale of
fancy work and cut glass was held at
the University of Kansas by the
women of that college. The proceeds
netted over $4000.
A recent Red Cross auction sale of
fancy work and cut glass was held at
the University of Kansas by the
women of that college. The proceeds
netted over $4000.
A recent Red Cross auction sale of
fancy work and cut glass was held at
the University of Kansas by the
women of that college. The proceeds
netted over $4000.
A recent Red Cross auction sale of
fancy work and cut glass was held at
the University of Kansas by the
women of that college. The proceeds
netted over $4000.
A recent Red Cross auction sale of
fancy work and cut glass was held at
the University of Kansas by the
women of that college. The proceeds
netted over $4000.
A recent Red Cross auction sale of
fancy work and cut glass was held at
the University of Kansas by the
women of that college. The proceeds
netted over $4000.
A recent Red Cross auction sale of
fancy work and cut glass was held at
the University of Kansas by the
women of that college. The proceeds
netted over $4000.
A recent Red Cross auction sale of
fancy work and cut glass was held at
the University of Kansas by the
women of that college. The proceeds
netted over $4000.
A recent Red Cross auction sale of
fancy work and cut glass was held at
the University of Kansas by the
women of that college. The proceeds
netted over $4000.
A recent Red Cross auction sale of
fancy work and cut glass was held at
the University of Kansas by the
women of that college. The proceeds
netted over $4000.
A recent Red Cross auction sale of
fancy work and cut glass was held at
the University of Kansas by the
women of that college. The proceeds
netted over $4000.
A recent Red Cross auction sale of
fancy work and cut glass was held at
the University of Kansas by the
women of that college. The proceeds
netted over $4000.
A recent Red Cross auction sale of
fancy work and cut glass was held at
the University of Kansas by the
women of that college. The proceeds
netted over $4000.
A recent Red Cross auction sale of
fancy work and cut glass was held at
the University of Kansas by the
women of that college. The proceeds
netted over $4000.
