# BELGIAN MARKET IN PALO ALTO ON SATURDAY, JUNE 1
## ST. FRANCIS CHEF WILL COOK DAINTIES Concessions and Booths to Swell Relief Fund for Needy Belgians 
### 
University avenue, between the
Southern Pacific statiou and the state
highway, will be the scene for one of
Palo Alto's famous European Markets
next Saturday for the benefit of the
Belgian Relief Fund, under the aus
pices of the Stanfoid-Palo Alto com
mittee. All kinds of sweets will be
offered for sale as samples of what
food conservation should be and in
order tliat the results might be the
most delectable possible, Victor, the
famous chef of the Hotel St. Francis,
will cook. With this inducement the
committee is confident that the cafe
teria luncheon will he one of the big
successes of the day.
Another feature of the occasion will
be Dr. Frank Angell, professor of psy
chology. as auctioneer. Booths and
couaessions for ice cream, lemonade,
fortune telling, boutonnieres, super
flous gowns and hats, cut flowers and
potted plants, Hags, balloons, vaude
ville, and notions will line each .side of
the street. Military bands and stroll-
ing musicians will add a tuneful note
to the affair.
Pedro J. Lemos, curator of the Stan
ford Art Museum, has been particular
ly active in designing effective post
ers, with the aid of the art classes of
the Palo Alto High School under Miss
McKee. Miniature reproductions of
one specially striking poster will be
put on sale at the market as a sov
venir of the day.
The committee is as follows: Gen
eral chairman, Mrs. O. L.. Elliott; ex
ecutive committee chairman (finance),
M. R. Kirkwood; Pedro J. Ijemos, ar
rangement sand decorations; L. E.
Passett, construction; and Mrs. C. IJ.
Whittier, properties.
University avenue, between the
Southern Pacific statiou and the state
highway, will be the scene for one of
Palo Alto's famous European Markets
next Saturday for the benefit of the
Belgian Relief Fund, under the aus
pices of the Stanfoid-Palo Alto com
mittee. All kinds of sweets will be
offered for sale as samples of what
food conservation should be and in
order tliat the results might be the
most delectable possible, Victor, the
famous chef of the Hotel St. Francis,
will cook. With this inducement the
committee is confident that the cafe
teria luncheon will he one of the big
successes of the day.
Another feature of the occasion will
be Dr. Frank Angell, professor of psy
chology. as auctioneer. Booths and
couaessions for ice cream, lemonade,
fortune telling, boutonnieres, super
flous gowns and hats, cut flowers and
potted plants, Hags, balloons, vaude
ville, and notions will line each .side of
the street. Military bands and stroll-
ing musicians will add a tuneful note
to the affair.
Pedro J. Lemos, curator of the Stan
ford Art Museum, has been particular
ly active in designing effective post
ers, with the aid of the art classes of
the Palo Alto High School under Miss
McKee. Miniature reproductions of
one specially striking poster will be
put on sale at the market as a sov
venir of the day.
The committee is as follows: Gen
eral chairman, Mrs. O. L.. Elliott; ex
ecutive committee chairman (finance),
M. R. Kirkwood; Pedro J. Ijemos, ar
rangement sand decorations; L. E.
Passett, construction; and Mrs. C. IJ.
Whittier, properties.
University avenue, between the
Southern Pacific statiou and the state
highway, will be the scene for one of
Palo Alto's famous European Markets
next Saturday for the benefit of the
Belgian Relief Fund, under the aus
pices of the Stanfoid-Palo Alto com
mittee. All kinds of sweets will be
offered for sale as samples of what
food conservation should be and in
order tliat the results might be the
most delectable possible, Victor, the
famous chef of the Hotel St. Francis,
will cook. With this inducement the
committee is confident that the cafe
teria luncheon will he one of the big
successes of the day.
Another feature of the occasion will
be Dr. Frank Angell, professor of psy
chology. as auctioneer. Booths and
couaessions for ice cream, lemonade,
fortune telling, boutonnieres, super
flous gowns and hats, cut flowers and
potted plants, Hags, balloons, vaude
ville, and notions will line each .side of
the street. Military bands and stroll-
ing musicians will add a tuneful note
to the affair.
Pedro J. Lemos, curator of the Stan
ford Art Museum, has been particular
ly active in designing effective post
ers, with the aid of the art classes of
the Palo Alto High School under Miss
McKee. Miniature reproductions of
one specially striking poster will be
put on sale at the market as a sov
venir of the day.
The committee is as follows: Gen
eral chairman, Mrs. O. L.. Elliott; ex
ecutive committee chairman (finance),
M. R. Kirkwood; Pedro J. Ijemos, ar
rangement sand decorations; L. E.
Passett, construction; and Mrs. C. IJ.
Whittier, properties.
University avenue, between the
Southern Pacific statiou and the state
highway, will be the scene for one of
Palo Alto's famous European Markets
next Saturday for the benefit of the
Belgian Relief Fund, under the aus
pices of the Stanfoid-Palo Alto com
mittee. All kinds of sweets will be
offered for sale as samples of what
food conservation should be and in
order tliat the results might be the
most delectable possible, Victor, the
famous chef of the Hotel St. Francis,
will cook. With this inducement the
committee is confident that the cafe
teria luncheon will he one of the big
successes of the day.
Another feature of the occasion will
be Dr. Frank Angell, professor of psy
chology. as auctioneer. Booths and
couaessions for ice cream, lemonade,
fortune telling, boutonnieres, super
flous gowns and hats, cut flowers and
potted plants, Hags, balloons, vaude
ville, and notions will line each .side of
the street. Military bands and stroll-
ing musicians will add a tuneful note
to the affair.
Pedro J. Lemos, curator of the Stan
ford Art Museum, has been particular
ly active in designing effective post
ers, with the aid of the art classes of
the Palo Alto High School under Miss
McKee. Miniature reproductions of
one specially striking poster will be
put on sale at the market as a sov
venir of the day.
The committee is as follows: Gen
eral chairman, Mrs. O. L.. Elliott; ex
ecutive committee chairman (finance),
M. R. Kirkwood; Pedro J. Ijemos, ar
rangement sand decorations; L. E.
Passett, construction; and Mrs. C. IJ.
Whittier, properties.
University avenue, between the
Southern Pacific statiou and the state
highway, will be the scene for one of
Palo Alto's famous European Markets
next Saturday for the benefit of the
Belgian Relief Fund, under the aus
pices of the Stanfoid-Palo Alto com
mittee. All kinds of sweets will be
offered for sale as samples of what
food conservation should be and in
order tliat the results might be the
most delectable possible, Victor, the
famous chef of the Hotel St. Francis,
will cook. With this inducement the
committee is confident that the cafe
teria luncheon will he one of the big
successes of the day.
Another feature of the occasion will
be Dr. Frank Angell, professor of psy
chology. as auctioneer. Booths and
couaessions for ice cream, lemonade,
fortune telling, boutonnieres, super
flous gowns and hats, cut flowers and
potted plants, Hags, balloons, vaude
ville, and notions will line each .side of
the street. Military bands and stroll-
ing musicians will add a tuneful note
to the affair.
Pedro J. Lemos, curator of the Stan
ford Art Museum, has been particular
ly active in designing effective post
ers, with the aid of the art classes of
the Palo Alto High School under Miss
McKee. Miniature reproductions of
one specially striking poster will be
put on sale at the market as a sov
venir of the day.
The committee is as follows: Gen
eral chairman, Mrs. O. L.. Elliott; ex
ecutive committee chairman (finance),
M. R. Kirkwood; Pedro J. Ijemos, ar
rangement sand decorations; L. E.
Passett, construction; and Mrs. C. IJ.
Whittier, properties.
University avenue, between the
Southern Pacific statiou and the state
highway, will be the scene for one of
Palo Alto's famous European Markets
next Saturday for the benefit of the
Belgian Relief Fund, under the aus
pices of the Stanfoid-Palo Alto com
mittee. All kinds of sweets will be
offered for sale as samples of what
food conservation should be and in
order tliat the results might be the
most delectable possible, Victor, the
famous chef of the Hotel St. Francis,
will cook. With this inducement the
committee is confident that the cafe
teria luncheon will he one of the big
successes of the day.
Another feature of the occasion will
be Dr. Frank Angell, professor of psy
chology. as auctioneer. Booths and
couaessions for ice cream, lemonade,
fortune telling, boutonnieres, super
flous gowns and hats, cut flowers and
potted plants, Hags, balloons, vaude
ville, and notions will line each .side of
the street. Military bands and stroll-
ing musicians will add a tuneful note
to the affair.
Pedro J. Lemos, curator of the Stan
ford Art Museum, has been particular
ly active in designing effective post
ers, with the aid of the art classes of
the Palo Alto High School under Miss
McKee. Miniature reproductions of
one specially striking poster will be
put on sale at the market as a sov
venir of the day.
The committee is as follows: Gen
eral chairman, Mrs. O. L.. Elliott; ex
ecutive committee chairman (finance),
M. R. Kirkwood; Pedro J. Ijemos, ar
rangement sand decorations; L. E.
Passett, construction; and Mrs. C. IJ.
Whittier, properties.
University avenue, between the
Southern Pacific statiou and the state
highway, will be the scene for one of
Palo Alto's famous European Markets
next Saturday for the benefit of the
Belgian Relief Fund, under the aus
pices of the Stanfoid-Palo Alto com
mittee. All kinds of sweets will be
offered for sale as samples of what
food conservation should be and in
order tliat the results might be the
most delectable possible, Victor, the
famous chef of the Hotel St. Francis,
will cook. With this inducement the
committee is confident that the cafe
teria luncheon will he one of the big
successes of the day.
Another feature of the occasion will
be Dr. Frank Angell, professor of psy
chology. as auctioneer. Booths and
couaessions for ice cream, lemonade,
fortune telling, boutonnieres, super
flous gowns and hats, cut flowers and
potted plants, Hags, balloons, vaude
ville, and notions will line each .side of
the street. Military bands and stroll-
ing musicians will add a tuneful note
to the affair.
Pedro J. Lemos, curator of the Stan
ford Art Museum, has been particular
ly active in designing effective post
ers, with the aid of the art classes of
the Palo Alto High School under Miss
McKee. Miniature reproductions of
one specially striking poster will be
put on sale at the market as a sov
venir of the day.
The committee is as follows: Gen
eral chairman, Mrs. O. L.. Elliott; ex
ecutive committee chairman (finance),
M. R. Kirkwood; Pedro J. Ijemos, ar
rangement sand decorations; L. E.
Passett, construction; and Mrs. C. IJ.
Whittier, properties.
University avenue, between the
Southern Pacific statiou and the state
highway, will be the scene for one of
Palo Alto's famous European Markets
next Saturday for the benefit of the
Belgian Relief Fund, under the aus
pices of the Stanfoid-Palo Alto com
mittee. All kinds of sweets will be
offered for sale as samples of what
food conservation should be and in
order tliat the results might be the
most delectable possible, Victor, the
famous chef of the Hotel St. Francis,
will cook. With this inducement the
committee is confident that the cafe
teria luncheon will he one of the big
successes of the day.
Another feature of the occasion will
be Dr. Frank Angell, professor of psy
chology. as auctioneer. Booths and
couaessions for ice cream, lemonade,
fortune telling, boutonnieres, super
flous gowns and hats, cut flowers and
potted plants, Hags, balloons, vaude
ville, and notions will line each .side of
the street. Military bands and stroll-
ing musicians will add a tuneful note
to the affair.
Pedro J. Lemos, curator of the Stan
ford Art Museum, has been particular
ly active in designing effective post
ers, with the aid of the art classes of
the Palo Alto High School under Miss
McKee. Miniature reproductions of
one specially striking poster will be
put on sale at the market as a sov
venir of the day.
The committee is as follows: Gen
eral chairman, Mrs. O. L.. Elliott; ex
ecutive committee chairman (finance),
M. R. Kirkwood; Pedro J. Ijemos, ar
rangement sand decorations; L. E.
Passett, construction; and Mrs. C. IJ.
Whittier, properties.
University avenue, between the
Southern Pacific statiou and the state
highway, will be the scene for one of
Palo Alto's famous European Markets
next Saturday for the benefit of the
Belgian Relief Fund, under the aus
pices of the Stanfoid-Palo Alto com
mittee. All kinds of sweets will be
offered for sale as samples of what
food conservation should be and in
order tliat the results might be the
most delectable possible, Victor, the
famous chef of the Hotel St. Francis,
will cook. With this inducement the
committee is confident that the cafe
teria luncheon will he one of the big
successes of the day.
Another feature of the occasion will
be Dr. Frank Angell, professor of psy
chology. as auctioneer. Booths and
couaessions for ice cream, lemonade,
fortune telling, boutonnieres, super
flous gowns and hats, cut flowers and
potted plants, Hags, balloons, vaude
ville, and notions will line each .side of
the street. Military bands and stroll-
ing musicians will add a tuneful note
to the affair.
Pedro J. Lemos, curator of the Stan
ford Art Museum, has been particular
ly active in designing effective post
ers, with the aid of the art classes of
the Palo Alto High School under Miss
McKee. Miniature reproductions of
one specially striking poster will be
put on sale at the market as a sov
venir of the day.
The committee is as follows: Gen
eral chairman, Mrs. O. L.. Elliott; ex
ecutive committee chairman (finance),
M. R. Kirkwood; Pedro J. Ijemos, ar
rangement sand decorations; L. E.
Passett, construction; and Mrs. C. IJ.
Whittier, properties.
University avenue, between the
Southern Pacific statiou and the state
highway, will be the scene for one of
Palo Alto's famous European Markets
next Saturday for the benefit of the
Belgian Relief Fund, under the aus
pices of the Stanfoid-Palo Alto com
mittee. All kinds of sweets will be
offered for sale as samples of what
food conservation should be and in
order tliat the results might be the
most delectable possible, Victor, the
famous chef of the Hotel St. Francis,
will cook. With this inducement the
committee is confident that the cafe
teria luncheon will he one of the big
successes of the day.
Another feature of the occasion will
be Dr. Frank Angell, professor of psy
chology. as auctioneer. Booths and
couaessions for ice cream, lemonade,
fortune telling, boutonnieres, super
flous gowns and hats, cut flowers and
potted plants, Hags, balloons, vaude
ville, and notions will line each .side of
the street. Military bands and stroll-
ing musicians will add a tuneful note
to the affair.
Pedro J. Lemos, curator of the Stan
ford Art Museum, has been particular
ly active in designing effective post
ers, with the aid of the art classes of
the Palo Alto High School under Miss
McKee. Miniature reproductions of
one specially striking poster will be
put on sale at the market as a sov
venir of the day.
The committee is as follows: Gen
eral chairman, Mrs. O. L.. Elliott; ex
ecutive committee chairman (finance),
M. R. Kirkwood; Pedro J. Ijemos, ar
rangement sand decorations; L. E.
Passett, construction; and Mrs. C. IJ.
Whittier, properties.
University avenue, between the
Southern Pacific statiou and the state
highway, will be the scene for one of
Palo Alto's famous European Markets
next Saturday for the benefit of the
Belgian Relief Fund, under the aus
pices of the Stanfoid-Palo Alto com
mittee. All kinds of sweets will be
offered for sale as samples of what
food conservation should be and in
order tliat the results might be the
most delectable possible, Victor, the
famous chef of the Hotel St. Francis,
will cook. With this inducement the
committee is confident that the cafe
teria luncheon will he one of the big
successes of the day.
Another feature of the occasion will
be Dr. Frank Angell, professor of psy
chology. as auctioneer. Booths and
couaessions for ice cream, lemonade,
fortune telling, boutonnieres, super
flous gowns and hats, cut flowers and
potted plants, Hags, balloons, vaude
ville, and notions will line each .side of
the street. Military bands and stroll-
ing musicians will add a tuneful note
to the affair.
Pedro J. Lemos, curator of the Stan
ford Art Museum, has been particular
ly active in designing effective post
ers, with the aid of the art classes of
the Palo Alto High School under Miss
McKee. Miniature reproductions of
one specially striking poster will be
put on sale at the market as a sov
venir of the day.
The committee is as follows: Gen
eral chairman, Mrs. O. L.. Elliott; ex
ecutive committee chairman (finance),
M. R. Kirkwood; Pedro J. Ijemos, ar
rangement sand decorations; L. E.
Passett, construction; and Mrs. C. IJ.
Whittier, properties.
University avenue, between the
Southern Pacific statiou and the state
highway, will be the scene for one of
Palo Alto's famous European Markets
next Saturday for the benefit of the
Belgian Relief Fund, under the aus
pices of the Stanfoid-Palo Alto com
mittee. All kinds of sweets will be
offered for sale as samples of what
food conservation should be and in
order tliat the results might be the
most delectable possible, Victor, the
famous chef of the Hotel St. Francis,
will cook. With this inducement the
committee is confident that the cafe
teria luncheon will he one of the big
successes of the day.
Another feature of the occasion will
be Dr. Frank Angell, professor of psy
chology. as auctioneer. Booths and
couaessions for ice cream, lemonade,
fortune telling, boutonnieres, super
flous gowns and hats, cut flowers and
potted plants, Hags, balloons, vaude
ville, and notions will line each .side of
the street. Military bands and stroll-
ing musicians will add a tuneful note
to the affair.
Pedro J. Lemos, curator of the Stan
ford Art Museum, has been particular
ly active in designing effective post
ers, with the aid of the art classes of
the Palo Alto High School under Miss
McKee. Miniature reproductions of
one specially striking poster will be
put on sale at the market as a sov
venir of the day.
The committee is as follows: Gen
eral chairman, Mrs. O. L.. Elliott; ex
ecutive committee chairman (finance),
M. R. Kirkwood; Pedro J. Ijemos, ar
rangement sand decorations; L. E.
Passett, construction; and Mrs. C. IJ.
Whittier, properties.
University avenue, between the
Southern Pacific statiou and the state
highway, will be the scene for one of
Palo Alto's famous European Markets
next Saturday for the benefit of the
Belgian Relief Fund, under the aus
pices of the Stanfoid-Palo Alto com
mittee. All kinds of sweets will be
offered for sale as samples of what
food conservation should be and in
order tliat the results might be the
most delectable possible, Victor, the
famous chef of the Hotel St. Francis,
will cook. With this inducement the
committee is confident that the cafe
teria luncheon will he one of the big
successes of the day.
Another feature of the occasion will
be Dr. Frank Angell, professor of psy
chology. as auctioneer. Booths and
couaessions for ice cream, lemonade,
fortune telling, boutonnieres, super
flous gowns and hats, cut flowers and
potted plants, Hags, balloons, vaude
ville, and notions will line each .side of
the street. Military bands and stroll-
ing musicians will add a tuneful note
to the affair.
Pedro J. Lemos, curator of the Stan
ford Art Museum, has been particular
ly active in designing effective post
ers, with the aid of the art classes of
the Palo Alto High School under Miss
McKee. Miniature reproductions of
one specially striking poster will be
put on sale at the market as a sov
venir of the day.
The committee is as follows: Gen
eral chairman, Mrs. O. L.. Elliott; ex
ecutive committee chairman (finance),
M. R. Kirkwood; Pedro J. Ijemos, ar
rangement sand decorations; L. E.
Passett, construction; and Mrs. C. IJ.
Whittier, properties.
University avenue, between the
Southern Pacific statiou and the state
highway, will be the scene for one of
Palo Alto's famous European Markets
next Saturday for the benefit of the
Belgian Relief Fund, under the aus
pices of the Stanfoid-Palo Alto com
mittee. All kinds of sweets will be
offered for sale as samples of what
food conservation should be and in
order tliat the results might be the
most delectable possible, Victor, the
famous chef of the Hotel St. Francis,
will cook. With this inducement the
committee is confident that the cafe
teria luncheon will he one of the big
successes of the day.
Another feature of the occasion will
be Dr. Frank Angell, professor of psy
chology. as auctioneer. Booths and
couaessions for ice cream, lemonade,
fortune telling, boutonnieres, super
flous gowns and hats, cut flowers and
potted plants, Hags, balloons, vaude
ville, and notions will line each .side of
the street. Military bands and stroll-
ing musicians will add a tuneful note
to the affair.
Pedro J. Lemos, curator of the Stan
ford Art Museum, has been particular
ly active in designing effective post
ers, with the aid of the art classes of
the Palo Alto High School under Miss
McKee. Miniature reproductions of
one specially striking poster will be
put on sale at the market as a sov
venir of the day.
The committee is as follows: Gen
eral chairman, Mrs. O. L.. Elliott; ex
ecutive committee chairman (finance),
M. R. Kirkwood; Pedro J. Ijemos, ar
rangement sand decorations; L. E.
Passett, construction; and Mrs. C. IJ.
Whittier, properties.
University avenue, between the
Southern Pacific statiou and the state
highway, will be the scene for one of
Palo Alto's famous European Markets
next Saturday for the benefit of the
Belgian Relief Fund, under the aus
pices of the Stanfoid-Palo Alto com
mittee. All kinds of sweets will be
offered for sale as samples of what
food conservation should be and in
order tliat the results might be the
most delectable possible, Victor, the
famous chef of the Hotel St. Francis,
will cook. With this inducement the
committee is confident that the cafe
teria luncheon will he one of the big
successes of the day.
Another feature of the occasion will
be Dr. Frank Angell, professor of psy
chology. as auctioneer. Booths and
couaessions for ice cream, lemonade,
fortune telling, boutonnieres, super
flous gowns and hats, cut flowers and
potted plants, Hags, balloons, vaude
ville, and notions will line each .side of
the street. Military bands and stroll-
ing musicians will add a tuneful note
to the affair.
Pedro J. Lemos, curator of the Stan
ford Art Museum, has been particular
ly active in designing effective post
ers, with the aid of the art classes of
the Palo Alto High School under Miss
McKee. Miniature reproductions of
one specially striking poster will be
put on sale at the market as a sov
venir of the day.
The committee is as follows: Gen
eral chairman, Mrs. O. L.. Elliott; ex
ecutive committee chairman (finance),
M. R. Kirkwood; Pedro J. Ijemos, ar
rangement sand decorations; L. E.
Passett, construction; and Mrs. C. IJ.
Whittier, properties.
