# Adv. 21 Page 4
## 
### 
-><
To h— with '48
Senior Red will be your
fate.
To h— with '47
Olympic Day will be our
heaven.
To h— with '46
for '45 really ficks.
Thought we'd tell you to
keep steady—
The Senior Class is getting
ready.
-><
To h— with '48
Senior Red will be your
fate.
To h— with '47
Olympic Day will be our
heaven.
To h— with '46
for '45 really ficks.
Thought we'd tell you to
keep steady—
The Senior Class is getting
ready.
-><
To h— with '48
Senior Red will be your
fate.
To h— with '47
Olympic Day will be our
heaven.
To h— with '46
for '45 really ficks.
Thought we'd tell you to
keep steady—
The Senior Class is getting
ready.
-><
To h— with '48
Senior Red will be your
fate.
To h— with '47
Olympic Day will be our
heaven.
To h— with '46
for '45 really ficks.
Thought we'd tell you to
keep steady—
The Senior Class is getting
ready.
-><
To h— with '48
Senior Red will be your
fate.
To h— with '47
Olympic Day will be our
heaven.
To h— with '46
for '45 really ficks.
Thought we'd tell you to
keep steady—
The Senior Class is getting
ready.
-><
To h— with '48
Senior Red will be your
fate.
To h— with '47
Olympic Day will be our
heaven.
To h— with '46
for '45 really ficks.
Thought we'd tell you to
keep steady—
The Senior Class is getting
ready.
-><
To h— with '48
Senior Red will be your
fate.
To h— with '47
Olympic Day will be our
heaven.
To h— with '46
for '45 really ficks.
Thought we'd tell you to
keep steady—
The Senior Class is getting
ready.
-><
To h— with '48
Senior Red will be your
fate.
To h— with '47
Olympic Day will be our
heaven.
To h— with '46
for '45 really ficks.
Thought we'd tell you to
keep steady—
The Senior Class is getting
ready.
-><
To h— with '48
Senior Red will be your
fate.
To h— with '47
Olympic Day will be our
heaven.
To h— with '46
for '45 really ficks.
Thought we'd tell you to
keep steady—
The Senior Class is getting
ready.
-><
To h— with '48
Senior Red will be your
fate.
To h— with '47
Olympic Day will be our
heaven.
To h— with '46
for '45 really ficks.
Thought we'd tell you to
keep steady—
The Senior Class is getting
ready.
-><
To h— with '48
Senior Red will be your
fate.
To h— with '47
Olympic Day will be our
heaven.
To h— with '46
for '45 really ficks.
Thought we'd tell you to
keep steady—
The Senior Class is getting
ready.
-><
To h— with '48
Senior Red will be your
fate.
To h— with '47
Olympic Day will be our
heaven.
To h— with '46
for '45 really ficks.
Thought we'd tell you to
keep steady—
The Senior Class is getting
ready.
-><
To h— with '48
Senior Red will be your
fate.
To h— with '47
Olympic Day will be our
heaven.
To h— with '46
for '45 really ficks.
Thought we'd tell you to
keep steady—
The Senior Class is getting
ready.
-><
To h— with '48
Senior Red will be your
fate.
To h— with '47
Olympic Day will be our
heaven.
To h— with '46
for '45 really ficks.
Thought we'd tell you to
keep steady—
The Senior Class is getting
ready.
-><
To h— with '48
Senior Red will be your
fate.
To h— with '47
Olympic Day will be our
heaven.
To h— with '46
for '45 really ficks.
Thought we'd tell you to
keep steady—
The Senior Class is getting
ready.
