# Dorothy Maynor To Sing March 11
## 
### 
Dorothy Maynor, Negro soprano,
whose concert was originally sched
uled for Sunday, March 4 at the
San Francisco Opera House, will
appear instead on Sunday afternoon
March 11. Tickets purchased for
the cancelled March 4 program may
be used for the March 11 perform
ance.
Miss Maynor's program will in
clude classic and contemporary
music and Negro spirituals.
Following her appearance at the
Opera House, James Melton, tenor
of the Metropolitan Opera Company,
will give one concert there on
Wednesday night, March 21.
Dorothy Maynor, Negro soprano,
whose concert was originally sched
uled for Sunday, March 4 at the
San Francisco Opera House, will
appear instead on Sunday afternoon
March 11. Tickets purchased for
the cancelled March 4 program may
be used for the March 11 perform
ance.
Miss Maynor's program will in
clude classic and contemporary
music and Negro spirituals.
Following her appearance at the
Opera House, James Melton, tenor
of the Metropolitan Opera Company,
will give one concert there on
Wednesday night, March 21.
Dorothy Maynor, Negro soprano,
whose concert was originally sched
uled for Sunday, March 4 at the
San Francisco Opera House, will
appear instead on Sunday afternoon
March 11. Tickets purchased for
the cancelled March 4 program may
be used for the March 11 perform
ance.
Miss Maynor's program will in
clude classic and contemporary
music and Negro spirituals.
Following her appearance at the
Opera House, James Melton, tenor
of the Metropolitan Opera Company,
will give one concert there on
Wednesday night, March 21.
Dorothy Maynor, Negro soprano,
whose concert was originally sched
uled for Sunday, March 4 at the
San Francisco Opera House, will
appear instead on Sunday afternoon
March 11. Tickets purchased for
the cancelled March 4 program may
be used for the March 11 perform
ance.
Miss Maynor's program will in
clude classic and contemporary
music and Negro spirituals.
Following her appearance at the
Opera House, James Melton, tenor
of the Metropolitan Opera Company,
will give one concert there on
Wednesday night, March 21.
Dorothy Maynor, Negro soprano,
whose concert was originally sched
uled for Sunday, March 4 at the
San Francisco Opera House, will
appear instead on Sunday afternoon
March 11. Tickets purchased for
the cancelled March 4 program may
be used for the March 11 perform
ance.
Miss Maynor's program will in
clude classic and contemporary
music and Negro spirituals.
Following her appearance at the
Opera House, James Melton, tenor
of the Metropolitan Opera Company,
will give one concert there on
Wednesday night, March 21.
Dorothy Maynor, Negro soprano,
whose concert was originally sched
uled for Sunday, March 4 at the
San Francisco Opera House, will
appear instead on Sunday afternoon
March 11. Tickets purchased for
the cancelled March 4 program may
be used for the March 11 perform
ance.
Miss Maynor's program will in
clude classic and contemporary
music and Negro spirituals.
Following her appearance at the
Opera House, James Melton, tenor
of the Metropolitan Opera Company,
will give one concert there on
Wednesday night, March 21.
Dorothy Maynor, Negro soprano,
whose concert was originally sched
uled for Sunday, March 4 at the
San Francisco Opera House, will
appear instead on Sunday afternoon
March 11. Tickets purchased for
the cancelled March 4 program may
be used for the March 11 perform
ance.
Miss Maynor's program will in
clude classic and contemporary
music and Negro spirituals.
Following her appearance at the
Opera House, James Melton, tenor
of the Metropolitan Opera Company,
will give one concert there on
Wednesday night, March 21.
Dorothy Maynor, Negro soprano,
whose concert was originally sched
uled for Sunday, March 4 at the
San Francisco Opera House, will
appear instead on Sunday afternoon
March 11. Tickets purchased for
the cancelled March 4 program may
be used for the March 11 perform
ance.
Miss Maynor's program will in
clude classic and contemporary
music and Negro spirituals.
Following her appearance at the
Opera House, James Melton, tenor
of the Metropolitan Opera Company,
will give one concert there on
Wednesday night, March 21.
Dorothy Maynor, Negro soprano,
whose concert was originally sched
uled for Sunday, March 4 at the
San Francisco Opera House, will
appear instead on Sunday afternoon
March 11. Tickets purchased for
the cancelled March 4 program may
be used for the March 11 perform
ance.
Miss Maynor's program will in
clude classic and contemporary
music and Negro spirituals.
Following her appearance at the
Opera House, James Melton, tenor
of the Metropolitan Opera Company,
will give one concert there on
Wednesday night, March 21.
Dorothy Maynor, Negro soprano,
whose concert was originally sched
uled for Sunday, March 4 at the
San Francisco Opera House, will
appear instead on Sunday afternoon
March 11. Tickets purchased for
the cancelled March 4 program may
be used for the March 11 perform
ance.
Miss Maynor's program will in
clude classic and contemporary
music and Negro spirituals.
Following her appearance at the
Opera House, James Melton, tenor
of the Metropolitan Opera Company,
will give one concert there on
Wednesday night, March 21.
Dorothy Maynor, Negro soprano,
whose concert was originally sched
uled for Sunday, March 4 at the
San Francisco Opera House, will
appear instead on Sunday afternoon
March 11. Tickets purchased for
the cancelled March 4 program may
be used for the March 11 perform
ance.
Miss Maynor's program will in
clude classic and contemporary
music and Negro spirituals.
Following her appearance at the
Opera House, James Melton, tenor
of the Metropolitan Opera Company,
will give one concert there on
Wednesday night, March 21.
Dorothy Maynor, Negro soprano,
whose concert was originally sched
uled for Sunday, March 4 at the
San Francisco Opera House, will
appear instead on Sunday afternoon
March 11. Tickets purchased for
the cancelled March 4 program may
be used for the March 11 perform
ance.
Miss Maynor's program will in
clude classic and contemporary
music and Negro spirituals.
Following her appearance at the
Opera House, James Melton, tenor
of the Metropolitan Opera Company,
will give one concert there on
Wednesday night, March 21.
Dorothy Maynor, Negro soprano,
whose concert was originally sched
uled for Sunday, March 4 at the
San Francisco Opera House, will
appear instead on Sunday afternoon
March 11. Tickets purchased for
the cancelled March 4 program may
be used for the March 11 perform
ance.
Miss Maynor's program will in
clude classic and contemporary
music and Negro spirituals.
Following her appearance at the
Opera House, James Melton, tenor
of the Metropolitan Opera Company,
will give one concert there on
Wednesday night, March 21.
Dorothy Maynor, Negro soprano,
whose concert was originally sched
uled for Sunday, March 4 at the
San Francisco Opera House, will
appear instead on Sunday afternoon
March 11. Tickets purchased for
the cancelled March 4 program may
be used for the March 11 perform
ance.
Miss Maynor's program will in
clude classic and contemporary
music and Negro spirituals.
Following her appearance at the
Opera House, James Melton, tenor
of the Metropolitan Opera Company,
will give one concert there on
Wednesday night, March 21.
Dorothy Maynor, Negro soprano,
whose concert was originally sched
uled for Sunday, March 4 at the
San Francisco Opera House, will
appear instead on Sunday afternoon
March 11. Tickets purchased for
the cancelled March 4 program may
be used for the March 11 perform
ance.
Miss Maynor's program will in
clude classic and contemporary
music and Negro spirituals.
Following her appearance at the
Opera House, James Melton, tenor
of the Metropolitan Opera Company,
will give one concert there on
Wednesday night, March 21.
