# Blood Sign-Ups Open Until Friday
## 
### 
Sign-up sheets are now posted on
the bulletin board on Engineering
Corner for the Blood Bank Donation
Contest being held this week in con
junction with the Red Cross drive,
according to Coot Coffin, in charge
of the contest.
The competition is between living
groups, the winning house or hall
being the one having the largest
percentage of sign-ups. The contest
is continuing throughout this week
until Friday, March 9 at which time
the sheets will be taken down and
the percentages computed.
Sign-ups cover the five Blood
Bank days from March 15 through
May. Next Thursday, March 15, will
be the last Blood Bank day of this
quarter. A Red Cross station wagon
will again call for each donor on
Engineering Corner 20 minutes be
fore the indvidual appointment.
