# CELLAR HOURS
## 
### 
The Cellar will remain open during
dead week, though not during finals,
according to Excom's decision last
night.
The Cellar will remain open during
dead week, though not during finals,
according to Excom's decision last
night.
The Cellar will remain open during
dead week, though not during finals,
according to Excom's decision last
night.
The Cellar will remain open during
dead week, though not during finals,
according to Excom's decision last
night.
The Cellar will remain open during
dead week, though not during finals,
according to Excom's decision last
night.
The Cellar will remain open during
dead week, though not during finals,
according to Excom's decision last
night.
The Cellar will remain open during
dead week, though not during finals,
according to Excom's decision last
night.
The Cellar will remain open during
dead week, though not during finals,
according to Excom's decision last
night.
The Cellar will remain open during
dead week, though not during finals,
according to Excom's decision last
night.
The Cellar will remain open during
dead week, though not during finals,
according to Excom's decision last
night.
The Cellar will remain open during
dead week, though not during finals,
according to Excom's decision last
night.
The Cellar will remain open during
dead week, though not during finals,
according to Excom's decision last
night.
The Cellar will remain open during
dead week, though not during finals,
according to Excom's decision last
night.
The Cellar will remain open during
dead week, though not during finals,
according to Excom's decision last
night.
The Cellar will remain open during
dead week, though not during finals,
according to Excom's decision last
night.
