# Olympics Start 2 P.M. Saturday
## 
### 
Saturday is the day and 2 p.m. is
the time for the starting signal of
Olympic Day. The afternoon's events
are being planned as part of the
Sadie Hawkins activities, the day
ending with a dance in the Pavilion.
Score sheets will be available so
everyone can keep track of the
score as the four classes compete in
the sunken diamond. Entries were
turned in today to the ASSU office.
The various races are the following:
Men's bicycle race, tandem bicycle
race, men's sack race, women's sack
race, greased pig race, women's roll
ing pin throw, wheelbarrow race,
push ball race, costume race, five
legged race,-women's pie-eating con
test, marathon race, women's tug
of-war, men's tug-of-war, and the
Sadie Hawkins race.
Old clothes, jeans, soft shoes will
be the order of the day, with a touch
of ye class colorâ€”freshman green,
sophomore yellow, junior blue, or
senior red. Rooting sections and
dugouts will be marked by class
colors. Cardinals will usher, Joe
Sher will "emcee," special yell lead
ers will lead each section, and the
band is to play. Concession tickets
will be sold at a nickel apiece for
the cokes, doughnuts, and ice cream.
The events are expected to last
untl 5 p.m. If it should happen to
rain, the contest will take place on
Sunday at the same time.
