# FRENCH AMBASSADOR TOLD WAR SUPPLIES DEBT DUE THIS YEAR
## 
### 
WASHINGTON, May 22. (/?)â€”Ad
ministration officials have informally
called attention to the French ambas
sador to the situation surrounding the
coming due on August 1 of the
$400,000,000 war supplies debt, inquir
ing if the French government was in
position to take action toward ratifi
tion of the $4,000,0000,000 French war
debt.
The situation was presented to
Ambassador Claudel to enable him to
inform his government of difficulties
that might be experienced if action
by the French was delayed until after
the special session of Congress re
cesses. The war supplies debt for
which this government holds bonds
of the French government, matures
August 1 and unless Congress makes
some provision for delaying the pay
ment of the war debt agreement is
ratified, it must be paid.
