# PSYCHOLOGY TEST IS CONDUCTED HERE ON RAPIDITY OF READING
## Siegen K. Chou Shows That Leftward Reading Is Fastest Method 
### 
In a recently conducted experiment
comparing the relative speeds of read
ing Chinese in four directions, name
ly, downward, upward, leftward, and
rightward, Siegen K. Chou, candidate
for Ph.D. in psychology, showed that
leftward reading is faster than the
other methods. The experimenter also
used upside-down characters and some
tilted 90 degrees to the right or left.
Eleven Chinese students read 128
-sentences four times at intervals of
no less than five days. Poetical coup
lets or parallelisms or seven charac
ters each were specially printed as
reading material. The sentences were
pasted on separate cards to be ex
posed one at a time behind the round
window of a machine called Quadrant
Tachistoscope, devised by Mr. Chou.
The subject opened the window elec
trically by pressing a key, reading
aloud the character, and releasing
window in removing finger from key.
The readings were recorded by a stop
watch.
Chou found that leftward reading is
about 6 per cent faster than rightward
reading, and about 4 per cent faster
than the traditional downward read
ing. He advances the theory that al
though the reading direction of Chi
nese characters is downward, the habit
of reading from right to left is
stronger, making leftward reading
much the faster.
In a recently conducted experiment
comparing the relative speeds of read
ing Chinese in four directions, name
ly, downward, upward, leftward, and
rightward, Siegen K. Chou, candidate
for Ph.D. in psychology, showed that
leftward reading is faster than the
other methods. The experimenter also
used upside-down characters and some
tilted 90 degrees to the right or left.
Eleven Chinese students read 128
-sentences four times at intervals of
no less than five days. Poetical coup
lets or parallelisms or seven charac
ters each were specially printed as
reading material. The sentences were
pasted on separate cards to be ex
posed one at a time behind the round
window of a machine called Quadrant
Tachistoscope, devised by Mr. Chou.
The subject opened the window elec
trically by pressing a key, reading
aloud the character, and releasing
window in removing finger from key.
The readings were recorded by a stop
watch.
Chou found that leftward reading is
about 6 per cent faster than rightward
reading, and about 4 per cent faster
than the traditional downward read
ing. He advances the theory that al
though the reading direction of Chi
nese characters is downward, the habit
of reading from right to left is
stronger, making leftward reading
much the faster.
In a recently conducted experiment
comparing the relative speeds of read
ing Chinese in four directions, name
ly, downward, upward, leftward, and
rightward, Siegen K. Chou, candidate
for Ph.D. in psychology, showed that
leftward reading is faster than the
other methods. The experimenter also
used upside-down characters and some
tilted 90 degrees to the right or left.
Eleven Chinese students read 128
-sentences four times at intervals of
no less than five days. Poetical coup
lets or parallelisms or seven charac
ters each were specially printed as
reading material. The sentences were
pasted on separate cards to be ex
posed one at a time behind the round
window of a machine called Quadrant
Tachistoscope, devised by Mr. Chou.
The subject opened the window elec
trically by pressing a key, reading
aloud the character, and releasing
window in removing finger from key.
The readings were recorded by a stop
watch.
Chou found that leftward reading is
about 6 per cent faster than rightward
reading, and about 4 per cent faster
than the traditional downward read
ing. He advances the theory that al
though the reading direction of Chi
nese characters is downward, the habit
of reading from right to left is
stronger, making leftward reading
much the faster.
In a recently conducted experiment
comparing the relative speeds of read
ing Chinese in four directions, name
ly, downward, upward, leftward, and
rightward, Siegen K. Chou, candidate
for Ph.D. in psychology, showed that
leftward reading is faster than the
other methods. The experimenter also
used upside-down characters and some
tilted 90 degrees to the right or left.
Eleven Chinese students read 128
-sentences four times at intervals of
no less than five days. Poetical coup
lets or parallelisms or seven charac
ters each were specially printed as
reading material. The sentences were
pasted on separate cards to be ex
posed one at a time behind the round
window of a machine called Quadrant
Tachistoscope, devised by Mr. Chou.
The subject opened the window elec
trically by pressing a key, reading
aloud the character, and releasing
window in removing finger from key.
The readings were recorded by a stop
watch.
Chou found that leftward reading is
about 6 per cent faster than rightward
reading, and about 4 per cent faster
than the traditional downward read
ing. He advances the theory that al
though the reading direction of Chi
nese characters is downward, the habit
of reading from right to left is
stronger, making leftward reading
much the faster.
In a recently conducted experiment
comparing the relative speeds of read
ing Chinese in four directions, name
ly, downward, upward, leftward, and
rightward, Siegen K. Chou, candidate
for Ph.D. in psychology, showed that
leftward reading is faster than the
other methods. The experimenter also
used upside-down characters and some
tilted 90 degrees to the right or left.
Eleven Chinese students read 128
-sentences four times at intervals of
no less than five days. Poetical coup
lets or parallelisms or seven charac
ters each were specially printed as
reading material. The sentences were
pasted on separate cards to be ex
posed one at a time behind the round
window of a machine called Quadrant
Tachistoscope, devised by Mr. Chou.
The subject opened the window elec
trically by pressing a key, reading
aloud the character, and releasing
window in removing finger from key.
The readings were recorded by a stop
watch.
Chou found that leftward reading is
about 6 per cent faster than rightward
reading, and about 4 per cent faster
than the traditional downward read
ing. He advances the theory that al
though the reading direction of Chi
nese characters is downward, the habit
of reading from right to left is
stronger, making leftward reading
much the faster.
In a recently conducted experiment
comparing the relative speeds of read
ing Chinese in four directions, name
ly, downward, upward, leftward, and
rightward, Siegen K. Chou, candidate
for Ph.D. in psychology, showed that
leftward reading is faster than the
other methods. The experimenter also
used upside-down characters and some
tilted 90 degrees to the right or left.
Eleven Chinese students read 128
-sentences four times at intervals of
no less than five days. Poetical coup
lets or parallelisms or seven charac
ters each were specially printed as
reading material. The sentences were
pasted on separate cards to be ex
posed one at a time behind the round
window of a machine called Quadrant
Tachistoscope, devised by Mr. Chou.
The subject opened the window elec
trically by pressing a key, reading
aloud the character, and releasing
window in removing finger from key.
The readings were recorded by a stop
watch.
Chou found that leftward reading is
about 6 per cent faster than rightward
reading, and about 4 per cent faster
than the traditional downward read
ing. He advances the theory that al
though the reading direction of Chi
nese characters is downward, the habit
of reading from right to left is
stronger, making leftward reading
much the faster.
In a recently conducted experiment
comparing the relative speeds of read
ing Chinese in four directions, name
ly, downward, upward, leftward, and
rightward, Siegen K. Chou, candidate
for Ph.D. in psychology, showed that
leftward reading is faster than the
other methods. The experimenter also
used upside-down characters and some
tilted 90 degrees to the right or left.
Eleven Chinese students read 128
-sentences four times at intervals of
no less than five days. Poetical coup
lets or parallelisms or seven charac
ters each were specially printed as
reading material. The sentences were
pasted on separate cards to be ex
posed one at a time behind the round
window of a machine called Quadrant
Tachistoscope, devised by Mr. Chou.
The subject opened the window elec
trically by pressing a key, reading
aloud the character, and releasing
window in removing finger from key.
The readings were recorded by a stop
watch.
Chou found that leftward reading is
about 6 per cent faster than rightward
reading, and about 4 per cent faster
than the traditional downward read
ing. He advances the theory that al
though the reading direction of Chi
nese characters is downward, the habit
of reading from right to left is
stronger, making leftward reading
much the faster.
In a recently conducted experiment
comparing the relative speeds of read
ing Chinese in four directions, name
ly, downward, upward, leftward, and
rightward, Siegen K. Chou, candidate
for Ph.D. in psychology, showed that
leftward reading is faster than the
other methods. The experimenter also
used upside-down characters and some
tilted 90 degrees to the right or left.
Eleven Chinese students read 128
-sentences four times at intervals of
no less than five days. Poetical coup
lets or parallelisms or seven charac
ters each were specially printed as
reading material. The sentences were
pasted on separate cards to be ex
posed one at a time behind the round
window of a machine called Quadrant
Tachistoscope, devised by Mr. Chou.
The subject opened the window elec
trically by pressing a key, reading
aloud the character, and releasing
window in removing finger from key.
The readings were recorded by a stop
watch.
Chou found that leftward reading is
about 6 per cent faster than rightward
reading, and about 4 per cent faster
than the traditional downward read
ing. He advances the theory that al
though the reading direction of Chi
nese characters is downward, the habit
of reading from right to left is
stronger, making leftward reading
much the faster.
In a recently conducted experiment
comparing the relative speeds of read
ing Chinese in four directions, name
ly, downward, upward, leftward, and
rightward, Siegen K. Chou, candidate
for Ph.D. in psychology, showed that
leftward reading is faster than the
other methods. The experimenter also
used upside-down characters and some
tilted 90 degrees to the right or left.
Eleven Chinese students read 128
-sentences four times at intervals of
no less than five days. Poetical coup
lets or parallelisms or seven charac
ters each were specially printed as
reading material. The sentences were
pasted on separate cards to be ex
posed one at a time behind the round
window of a machine called Quadrant
Tachistoscope, devised by Mr. Chou.
The subject opened the window elec
trically by pressing a key, reading
aloud the character, and releasing
window in removing finger from key.
The readings were recorded by a stop
watch.
Chou found that leftward reading is
about 6 per cent faster than rightward
reading, and about 4 per cent faster
than the traditional downward read
ing. He advances the theory that al
though the reading direction of Chi
nese characters is downward, the habit
of reading from right to left is
stronger, making leftward reading
much the faster.
In a recently conducted experiment
comparing the relative speeds of read
ing Chinese in four directions, name
ly, downward, upward, leftward, and
rightward, Siegen K. Chou, candidate
for Ph.D. in psychology, showed that
leftward reading is faster than the
other methods. The experimenter also
used upside-down characters and some
tilted 90 degrees to the right or left.
Eleven Chinese students read 128
-sentences four times at intervals of
no less than five days. Poetical coup
lets or parallelisms or seven charac
ters each were specially printed as
reading material. The sentences were
pasted on separate cards to be ex
posed one at a time behind the round
window of a machine called Quadrant
Tachistoscope, devised by Mr. Chou.
The subject opened the window elec
trically by pressing a key, reading
aloud the character, and releasing
window in removing finger from key.
The readings were recorded by a stop
watch.
Chou found that leftward reading is
about 6 per cent faster than rightward
reading, and about 4 per cent faster
than the traditional downward read
ing. He advances the theory that al
though the reading direction of Chi
nese characters is downward, the habit
of reading from right to left is
stronger, making leftward reading
much the faster.
In a recently conducted experiment
comparing the relative speeds of read
ing Chinese in four directions, name
ly, downward, upward, leftward, and
rightward, Siegen K. Chou, candidate
for Ph.D. in psychology, showed that
leftward reading is faster than the
other methods. The experimenter also
used upside-down characters and some
tilted 90 degrees to the right or left.
Eleven Chinese students read 128
-sentences four times at intervals of
no less than five days. Poetical coup
lets or parallelisms or seven charac
ters each were specially printed as
reading material. The sentences were
pasted on separate cards to be ex
posed one at a time behind the round
window of a machine called Quadrant
Tachistoscope, devised by Mr. Chou.
The subject opened the window elec
trically by pressing a key, reading
aloud the character, and releasing
window in removing finger from key.
The readings were recorded by a stop
watch.
Chou found that leftward reading is
about 6 per cent faster than rightward
reading, and about 4 per cent faster
than the traditional downward read
ing. He advances the theory that al
though the reading direction of Chi
nese characters is downward, the habit
of reading from right to left is
stronger, making leftward reading
much the faster.
In a recently conducted experiment
comparing the relative speeds of read
ing Chinese in four directions, name
ly, downward, upward, leftward, and
rightward, Siegen K. Chou, candidate
for Ph.D. in psychology, showed that
leftward reading is faster than the
other methods. The experimenter also
used upside-down characters and some
tilted 90 degrees to the right or left.
Eleven Chinese students read 128
-sentences four times at intervals of
no less than five days. Poetical coup
lets or parallelisms or seven charac
ters each were specially printed as
reading material. The sentences were
pasted on separate cards to be ex
posed one at a time behind the round
window of a machine called Quadrant
Tachistoscope, devised by Mr. Chou.
The subject opened the window elec
trically by pressing a key, reading
aloud the character, and releasing
window in removing finger from key.
The readings were recorded by a stop
watch.
Chou found that leftward reading is
about 6 per cent faster than rightward
reading, and about 4 per cent faster
than the traditional downward read
ing. He advances the theory that al
though the reading direction of Chi
nese characters is downward, the habit
of reading from right to left is
stronger, making leftward reading
much the faster.
In a recently conducted experiment
comparing the relative speeds of read
ing Chinese in four directions, name
ly, downward, upward, leftward, and
rightward, Siegen K. Chou, candidate
for Ph.D. in psychology, showed that
leftward reading is faster than the
other methods. The experimenter also
used upside-down characters and some
tilted 90 degrees to the right or left.
Eleven Chinese students read 128
-sentences four times at intervals of
no less than five days. Poetical coup
lets or parallelisms or seven charac
ters each were specially printed as
reading material. The sentences were
pasted on separate cards to be ex
posed one at a time behind the round
window of a machine called Quadrant
Tachistoscope, devised by Mr. Chou.
The subject opened the window elec
trically by pressing a key, reading
aloud the character, and releasing
window in removing finger from key.
The readings were recorded by a stop
watch.
Chou found that leftward reading is
about 6 per cent faster than rightward
reading, and about 4 per cent faster
than the traditional downward read
ing. He advances the theory that al
though the reading direction of Chi
nese characters is downward, the habit
of reading from right to left is
stronger, making leftward reading
much the faster.
In a recently conducted experiment
comparing the relative speeds of read
ing Chinese in four directions, name
ly, downward, upward, leftward, and
rightward, Siegen K. Chou, candidate
for Ph.D. in psychology, showed that
leftward reading is faster than the
other methods. The experimenter also
used upside-down characters and some
tilted 90 degrees to the right or left.
Eleven Chinese students read 128
-sentences four times at intervals of
no less than five days. Poetical coup
lets or parallelisms or seven charac
ters each were specially printed as
reading material. The sentences were
pasted on separate cards to be ex
posed one at a time behind the round
window of a machine called Quadrant
Tachistoscope, devised by Mr. Chou.
The subject opened the window elec
trically by pressing a key, reading
aloud the character, and releasing
window in removing finger from key.
The readings were recorded by a stop
watch.
Chou found that leftward reading is
about 6 per cent faster than rightward
reading, and about 4 per cent faster
than the traditional downward read
ing. He advances the theory that al
though the reading direction of Chi
nese characters is downward, the habit
of reading from right to left is
stronger, making leftward reading
much the faster.
In a recently conducted experiment
comparing the relative speeds of read
ing Chinese in four directions, name
ly, downward, upward, leftward, and
rightward, Siegen K. Chou, candidate
for Ph.D. in psychology, showed that
leftward reading is faster than the
other methods. The experimenter also
used upside-down characters and some
tilted 90 degrees to the right or left.
Eleven Chinese students read 128
-sentences four times at intervals of
no less than five days. Poetical coup
lets or parallelisms or seven charac
ters each were specially printed as
reading material. The sentences were
pasted on separate cards to be ex
posed one at a time behind the round
window of a machine called Quadrant
Tachistoscope, devised by Mr. Chou.
The subject opened the window elec
trically by pressing a key, reading
aloud the character, and releasing
window in removing finger from key.
The readings were recorded by a stop
watch.
Chou found that leftward reading is
about 6 per cent faster than rightward
reading, and about 4 per cent faster
than the traditional downward read
ing. He advances the theory that al
though the reading direction of Chi
nese characters is downward, the habit
of reading from right to left is
stronger, making leftward reading
much the faster.
In a recently conducted experiment
comparing the relative speeds of read
ing Chinese in four directions, name
ly, downward, upward, leftward, and
rightward, Siegen K. Chou, candidate
for Ph.D. in psychology, showed that
leftward reading is faster than the
other methods. The experimenter also
used upside-down characters and some
tilted 90 degrees to the right or left.
Eleven Chinese students read 128
-sentences four times at intervals of
no less than five days. Poetical coup
lets or parallelisms or seven charac
ters each were specially printed as
reading material. The sentences were
pasted on separate cards to be ex
posed one at a time behind the round
window of a machine called Quadrant
Tachistoscope, devised by Mr. Chou.
The subject opened the window elec
trically by pressing a key, reading
aloud the character, and releasing
window in removing finger from key.
The readings were recorded by a stop
watch.
Chou found that leftward reading is
about 6 per cent faster than rightward
reading, and about 4 per cent faster
than the traditional downward read
ing. He advances the theory that al
though the reading direction of Chi
nese characters is downward, the habit
of reading from right to left is
stronger, making leftward reading
much the faster.
