# FRANCE TO SEND OLYMPIC TEAM
## 
### 
PARIS, May 22. (/P) —France will
send an Olymuic team of athletes to
Los Angeles in 1932. Such is the de
cision reached by the French Olympic
committee after many months' dis
cussion.
PARIS, May 22. (/P) —France will
send an Olymuic team of athletes to
Los Angeles in 1932. Such is the de
cision reached by the French Olympic
committee after many months' dis
cussion.
PARIS, May 22. (/P) —France will
send an Olymuic team of athletes to
Los Angeles in 1932. Such is the de
cision reached by the French Olympic
committee after many months' dis
cussion.
PARIS, May 22. (/P) —France will
send an Olymuic team of athletes to
Los Angeles in 1932. Such is the de
cision reached by the French Olympic
committee after many months' dis
cussion.
PARIS, May 22. (/P) —France will
send an Olymuic team of athletes to
Los Angeles in 1932. Such is the de
cision reached by the French Olympic
committee after many months' dis
cussion.
PARIS, May 22. (/P) —France will
send an Olymuic team of athletes to
Los Angeles in 1932. Such is the de
cision reached by the French Olympic
committee after many months' dis
cussion.
PARIS, May 22. (/P) —France will
send an Olymuic team of athletes to
Los Angeles in 1932. Such is the de
cision reached by the French Olympic
committee after many months' dis
cussion.
PARIS, May 22. (/P) —France will
send an Olymuic team of athletes to
Los Angeles in 1932. Such is the de
cision reached by the French Olympic
committee after many months' dis
cussion.
PARIS, May 22. (/P) —France will
send an Olymuic team of athletes to
Los Angeles in 1932. Such is the de
cision reached by the French Olympic
committee after many months' dis
cussion.
PARIS, May 22. (/P) —France will
send an Olymuic team of athletes to
Los Angeles in 1932. Such is the de
cision reached by the French Olympic
committee after many months' dis
cussion.
PARIS, May 22. (/P) —France will
send an Olymuic team of athletes to
Los Angeles in 1932. Such is the de
cision reached by the French Olympic
committee after many months' dis
cussion.
PARIS, May 22. (/P) —France will
send an Olymuic team of athletes to
Los Angeles in 1932. Such is the de
cision reached by the French Olympic
committee after many months' dis
cussion.
PARIS, May 22. (/P) —France will
send an Olymuic team of athletes to
Los Angeles in 1932. Such is the de
cision reached by the French Olympic
committee after many months' dis
cussion.
PARIS, May 22. (/P) —France will
send an Olymuic team of athletes to
Los Angeles in 1932. Such is the de
cision reached by the French Olympic
committee after many months' dis
cussion.
PARIS, May 22. (/P) —France will
send an Olymuic team of athletes to
Los Angeles in 1932. Such is the de
cision reached by the French Olympic
committee after many months' dis
cussion.
PARIS, May 22. (/P) —France will
send an Olymuic team of athletes to
Los Angeles in 1932. Such is the de
cision reached by the French Olympic
committee after many months' dis
cussion.
