# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is understood that several of the
new students have had more or less ex
perience in the newspaper business. It
is the ardent desire of the Daily Palo
Alto to he one of the newsiest college
sheets published. The iaiger part of
the staft' are known to be workers, and
it is hoped that all the new men will
prove themselves such If a student
hustles and knows news when he Ivars
it, he can soon become known as having
a future in the University. We are
especially anxious to have members of
the stall' such as have l ad at least a
little experience.
To the new students we say, do not be
backward. You have cast your lot with
us; let us work together in mutual con
fidetice. We should be veiy glad to
meet any who wish to try fora place
on the staff. Journalism offers :is good
inducements to college-trained people
as any other profession and here is an
excellent chance to get the training.
It is understood that several of the
new students have had more or less ex
perience in the newspaper business. It
is the ardent desire of the Daily Palo
Alto to he one of the newsiest college
sheets published. The iaiger part of
the staft' are known to be workers, and
it is hoped that all the new men will
prove themselves such If a student
hustles and knows news when he Ivars
it, he can soon become known as having
a future in the University. We are
especially anxious to have members of
the stall' such as have l ad at least a
little experience.
To the new students we say, do not be
backward. You have cast your lot with
us; let us work together in mutual con
fidetice. We should be veiy glad to
meet any who wish to try fora place
on the staff. Journalism offers :is good
inducements to college-trained people
as any other profession and here is an
excellent chance to get the training.
