# "CHAPPIE" COMPLIMENTED BY LEADING COLLEGE COMIC
## Princeton "Tiger" Compliments Chaparral. 
### 
"Chappie's" page of the Intercolle
giate number of the Princeton "Tiger,"
an issne containing a page devoted to
each of the leading college comics, was
highly complimented by the editor of
the "Tiger." The page was described
as being marked by both "artistic and
intrinsic merit."
This particular issue of the "Tiger"
has become famous among college publi
cations. The best known of the humor
ous periodicals are invited to fill a
page with the best and most artistic
form of wit and humor they are able to
muster.
"Chappie's" page of the Intercolle
giate number of the Princeton "Tiger,"
an issne containing a page devoted to
each of the leading college comics, was
highly complimented by the editor of
the "Tiger." The page was described
as being marked by both "artistic and
intrinsic merit."
This particular issue of the "Tiger"
has become famous among college publi
cations. The best known of the humor
ous periodicals are invited to fill a
page with the best and most artistic
form of wit and humor they are able to
muster.
"Chappie's" page of the Intercolle
giate number of the Princeton "Tiger,"
an issne containing a page devoted to
each of the leading college comics, was
highly complimented by the editor of
the "Tiger." The page was described
as being marked by both "artistic and
intrinsic merit."
This particular issue of the "Tiger"
has become famous among college publi
cations. The best known of the humor
ous periodicals are invited to fill a
page with the best and most artistic
form of wit and humor they are able to
muster.
"Chappie's" page of the Intercolle
giate number of the Princeton "Tiger,"
an issne containing a page devoted to
each of the leading college comics, was
highly complimented by the editor of
the "Tiger." The page was described
as being marked by both "artistic and
intrinsic merit."
This particular issue of the "Tiger"
has become famous among college publi
cations. The best known of the humor
ous periodicals are invited to fill a
page with the best and most artistic
form of wit and humor they are able to
muster.
"Chappie's" page of the Intercolle
giate number of the Princeton "Tiger,"
an issne containing a page devoted to
each of the leading college comics, was
highly complimented by the editor of
the "Tiger." The page was described
as being marked by both "artistic and
intrinsic merit."
This particular issue of the "Tiger"
has become famous among college publi
cations. The best known of the humor
ous periodicals are invited to fill a
page with the best and most artistic
form of wit and humor they are able to
muster.
"Chappie's" page of the Intercolle
giate number of the Princeton "Tiger,"
an issne containing a page devoted to
each of the leading college comics, was
highly complimented by the editor of
the "Tiger." The page was described
as being marked by both "artistic and
intrinsic merit."
This particular issue of the "Tiger"
has become famous among college publi
cations. The best known of the humor
ous periodicals are invited to fill a
page with the best and most artistic
form of wit and humor they are able to
muster.
"Chappie's" page of the Intercolle
giate number of the Princeton "Tiger,"
an issne containing a page devoted to
each of the leading college comics, was
highly complimented by the editor of
the "Tiger." The page was described
as being marked by both "artistic and
intrinsic merit."
This particular issue of the "Tiger"
has become famous among college publi
cations. The best known of the humor
ous periodicals are invited to fill a
page with the best and most artistic
form of wit and humor they are able to
muster.
"Chappie's" page of the Intercolle
giate number of the Princeton "Tiger,"
an issne containing a page devoted to
each of the leading college comics, was
highly complimented by the editor of
the "Tiger." The page was described
as being marked by both "artistic and
intrinsic merit."
This particular issue of the "Tiger"
has become famous among college publi
cations. The best known of the humor
ous periodicals are invited to fill a
page with the best and most artistic
form of wit and humor they are able to
muster.
"Chappie's" page of the Intercolle
giate number of the Princeton "Tiger,"
an issne containing a page devoted to
each of the leading college comics, was
highly complimented by the editor of
the "Tiger." The page was described
as being marked by both "artistic and
intrinsic merit."
This particular issue of the "Tiger"
has become famous among college publi
cations. The best known of the humor
ous periodicals are invited to fill a
page with the best and most artistic
form of wit and humor they are able to
muster.
"Chappie's" page of the Intercolle
giate number of the Princeton "Tiger,"
an issne containing a page devoted to
each of the leading college comics, was
highly complimented by the editor of
the "Tiger." The page was described
as being marked by both "artistic and
intrinsic merit."
This particular issue of the "Tiger"
has become famous among college publi
cations. The best known of the humor
ous periodicals are invited to fill a
page with the best and most artistic
form of wit and humor they are able to
muster.
"Chappie's" page of the Intercolle
giate number of the Princeton "Tiger,"
an issne containing a page devoted to
each of the leading college comics, was
highly complimented by the editor of
the "Tiger." The page was described
as being marked by both "artistic and
intrinsic merit."
This particular issue of the "Tiger"
has become famous among college publi
cations. The best known of the humor
ous periodicals are invited to fill a
page with the best and most artistic
form of wit and humor they are able to
muster.
"Chappie's" page of the Intercolle
giate number of the Princeton "Tiger,"
an issne containing a page devoted to
each of the leading college comics, was
highly complimented by the editor of
the "Tiger." The page was described
as being marked by both "artistic and
intrinsic merit."
This particular issue of the "Tiger"
has become famous among college publi
cations. The best known of the humor
ous periodicals are invited to fill a
page with the best and most artistic
form of wit and humor they are able to
muster.
"Chappie's" page of the Intercolle
giate number of the Princeton "Tiger,"
an issne containing a page devoted to
each of the leading college comics, was
highly complimented by the editor of
the "Tiger." The page was described
as being marked by both "artistic and
intrinsic merit."
This particular issue of the "Tiger"
has become famous among college publi
cations. The best known of the humor
ous periodicals are invited to fill a
page with the best and most artistic
form of wit and humor they are able to
muster.
