# Yosemite Winter Sports Reach Height Of Season
## 
### 
YOSEMITE, Jan. 14. —Winter
sports are in full swing here after
a heavy snowfall all week that
covered the valley under a foot of
snow.
The gaily illuminated, recently
completed four-track toboggan slide
with an escalator to carry tobog
gans and passengers to the top of
flic track is in continuous use from
early in the morning until late at
night. James Fritz and his thirty
malamutes are thrilling the visi
tors with their trips about the
meadows and a new tractor has
recently arrived to keep clear the
C>o,ooo square feet of outdoor skat
ing rink.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 14. —Winter
sports are in full swing here after
a heavy snowfall all week that
covered the valley under a foot of
snow.
The gaily illuminated, recently
completed four-track toboggan slide
with an escalator to carry tobog
gans and passengers to the top of
flic track is in continuous use from
early in the morning until late at
night. James Fritz and his thirty
malamutes are thrilling the visi
tors with their trips about the
meadows and a new tractor has
recently arrived to keep clear the
C>o,ooo square feet of outdoor skat
ing rink.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 14. —Winter
sports are in full swing here after
a heavy snowfall all week that
covered the valley under a foot of
snow.
The gaily illuminated, recently
completed four-track toboggan slide
with an escalator to carry tobog
gans and passengers to the top of
flic track is in continuous use from
early in the morning until late at
night. James Fritz and his thirty
malamutes are thrilling the visi
tors with their trips about the
meadows and a new tractor has
recently arrived to keep clear the
C>o,ooo square feet of outdoor skat
ing rink.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 14. —Winter
sports are in full swing here after
a heavy snowfall all week that
covered the valley under a foot of
snow.
The gaily illuminated, recently
completed four-track toboggan slide
with an escalator to carry tobog
gans and passengers to the top of
flic track is in continuous use from
early in the morning until late at
night. James Fritz and his thirty
malamutes are thrilling the visi
tors with their trips about the
meadows and a new tractor has
recently arrived to keep clear the
C>o,ooo square feet of outdoor skat
ing rink.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 14. —Winter
sports are in full swing here after
a heavy snowfall all week that
covered the valley under a foot of
snow.
The gaily illuminated, recently
completed four-track toboggan slide
with an escalator to carry tobog
gans and passengers to the top of
flic track is in continuous use from
early in the morning until late at
night. James Fritz and his thirty
malamutes are thrilling the visi
tors with their trips about the
meadows and a new tractor has
recently arrived to keep clear the
C>o,ooo square feet of outdoor skat
ing rink.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 14. —Winter
sports are in full swing here after
a heavy snowfall all week that
covered the valley under a foot of
snow.
The gaily illuminated, recently
completed four-track toboggan slide
with an escalator to carry tobog
gans and passengers to the top of
flic track is in continuous use from
early in the morning until late at
night. James Fritz and his thirty
malamutes are thrilling the visi
tors with their trips about the
meadows and a new tractor has
recently arrived to keep clear the
C>o,ooo square feet of outdoor skat
ing rink.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 14. —Winter
sports are in full swing here after
a heavy snowfall all week that
covered the valley under a foot of
snow.
The gaily illuminated, recently
completed four-track toboggan slide
with an escalator to carry tobog
gans and passengers to the top of
flic track is in continuous use from
early in the morning until late at
night. James Fritz and his thirty
malamutes are thrilling the visi
tors with their trips about the
meadows and a new tractor has
recently arrived to keep clear the
C>o,ooo square feet of outdoor skat
ing rink.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 14. —Winter
sports are in full swing here after
a heavy snowfall all week that
covered the valley under a foot of
snow.
The gaily illuminated, recently
completed four-track toboggan slide
with an escalator to carry tobog
gans and passengers to the top of
flic track is in continuous use from
early in the morning until late at
night. James Fritz and his thirty
malamutes are thrilling the visi
tors with their trips about the
meadows and a new tractor has
recently arrived to keep clear the
C>o,ooo square feet of outdoor skat
ing rink.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 14. —Winter
sports are in full swing here after
a heavy snowfall all week that
covered the valley under a foot of
snow.
The gaily illuminated, recently
completed four-track toboggan slide
with an escalator to carry tobog
gans and passengers to the top of
flic track is in continuous use from
early in the morning until late at
night. James Fritz and his thirty
malamutes are thrilling the visi
tors with their trips about the
meadows and a new tractor has
recently arrived to keep clear the
C>o,ooo square feet of outdoor skat
ing rink.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 14. —Winter
sports are in full swing here after
a heavy snowfall all week that
covered the valley under a foot of
snow.
The gaily illuminated, recently
completed four-track toboggan slide
with an escalator to carry tobog
gans and passengers to the top of
flic track is in continuous use from
early in the morning until late at
night. James Fritz and his thirty
malamutes are thrilling the visi
tors with their trips about the
meadows and a new tractor has
recently arrived to keep clear the
C>o,ooo square feet of outdoor skat
ing rink.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 14. —Winter
sports are in full swing here after
a heavy snowfall all week that
covered the valley under a foot of
snow.
The gaily illuminated, recently
completed four-track toboggan slide
with an escalator to carry tobog
gans and passengers to the top of
flic track is in continuous use from
early in the morning until late at
night. James Fritz and his thirty
malamutes are thrilling the visi
tors with their trips about the
meadows and a new tractor has
recently arrived to keep clear the
C>o,ooo square feet of outdoor skat
ing rink.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 14. —Winter
sports are in full swing here after
a heavy snowfall all week that
covered the valley under a foot of
snow.
The gaily illuminated, recently
completed four-track toboggan slide
with an escalator to carry tobog
gans and passengers to the top of
flic track is in continuous use from
early in the morning until late at
night. James Fritz and his thirty
malamutes are thrilling the visi
tors with their trips about the
meadows and a new tractor has
recently arrived to keep clear the
C>o,ooo square feet of outdoor skat
ing rink.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 14. —Winter
sports are in full swing here after
a heavy snowfall all week that
covered the valley under a foot of
snow.
The gaily illuminated, recently
completed four-track toboggan slide
with an escalator to carry tobog
gans and passengers to the top of
flic track is in continuous use from
early in the morning until late at
night. James Fritz and his thirty
malamutes are thrilling the visi
tors with their trips about the
meadows and a new tractor has
recently arrived to keep clear the
C>o,ooo square feet of outdoor skat
ing rink.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 14. —Winter
sports are in full swing here after
a heavy snowfall all week that
covered the valley under a foot of
snow.
The gaily illuminated, recently
completed four-track toboggan slide
with an escalator to carry tobog
gans and passengers to the top of
flic track is in continuous use from
early in the morning until late at
night. James Fritz and his thirty
malamutes are thrilling the visi
tors with their trips about the
meadows and a new tractor has
recently arrived to keep clear the
C>o,ooo square feet of outdoor skat
ing rink.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 14. —Winter
sports are in full swing here after
a heavy snowfall all week that
covered the valley under a foot of
snow.
The gaily illuminated, recently
completed four-track toboggan slide
with an escalator to carry tobog
gans and passengers to the top of
flic track is in continuous use from
early in the morning until late at
night. James Fritz and his thirty
malamutes are thrilling the visi
tors with their trips about the
meadows and a new tractor has
recently arrived to keep clear the
C>o,ooo square feet of outdoor skat
ing rink.
YOSEMITE, Jan. 14. —Winter
sports are in full swing here after
a heavy snowfall all week that
covered the valley under a foot of
snow.
The gaily illuminated, recently
completed four-track toboggan slide
with an escalator to carry tobog
gans and passengers to the top of
flic track is in continuous use from
early in the morning until late at
night. James Fritz and his thirty
malamutes are thrilling the visi
tors with their trips about the
meadows and a new tractor has
recently arrived to keep clear the
C>o,ooo square feet of outdoor skat
ing rink.
