# ACCIDENTS INCREASE
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Jan. 14. (/P)— Figures
made public today showed 31,500
persons were killed in automobile
accidents in 31 states during 1929.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14. (/P)— Figures
made public today showed 31,500
persons were killed in automobile
accidents in 31 states during 1929.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14. (/P)— Figures
made public today showed 31,500
persons were killed in automobile
accidents in 31 states during 1929.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14. (/P)— Figures
made public today showed 31,500
persons were killed in automobile
accidents in 31 states during 1929.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14. (/P)— Figures
made public today showed 31,500
persons were killed in automobile
accidents in 31 states during 1929.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14. (/P)— Figures
made public today showed 31,500
persons were killed in automobile
accidents in 31 states during 1929.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14. (/P)— Figures
made public today showed 31,500
persons were killed in automobile
accidents in 31 states during 1929.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14. (/P)— Figures
made public today showed 31,500
persons were killed in automobile
accidents in 31 states during 1929.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14. (/P)— Figures
made public today showed 31,500
persons were killed in automobile
accidents in 31 states during 1929.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14. (/P)— Figures
made public today showed 31,500
persons were killed in automobile
accidents in 31 states during 1929.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14. (/P)— Figures
made public today showed 31,500
persons were killed in automobile
accidents in 31 states during 1929.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14. (/P)— Figures
made public today showed 31,500
persons were killed in automobile
accidents in 31 states during 1929.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14. (/P)— Figures
made public today showed 31,500
persons were killed in automobile
accidents in 31 states during 1929.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14. (/P)— Figures
made public today showed 31,500
persons were killed in automobile
accidents in 31 states during 1929.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14. (/P)— Figures
made public today showed 31,500
persons were killed in automobile
accidents in 31 states during 1929.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14. (/P)— Figures
made public today showed 31,500
persons were killed in automobile
accidents in 31 states during 1929.
