# TALL SPAR SENT TO "ENTERPRISE" YACHT
## 
### 
NEW YORK, April 17. (/P) — The
tallest single spar ever carried by
a sailing vessel was shipped yes
terday to the Enterprise, a candi
date for the defense of the Ameri
ca's cup against Sir Thomas Lip
ton's Shamrock V. The huge mast
towers 168 feet above the deck,
completely dwarfing the hull. An
eliptical hollow spar built, up of
nearly 200 strips of Alaskan spruce,
glued together, the mast weighs
5,000 pounds. With the mast step
ped, it is expected that the Enter
prise will get its first test under
I its 7,583 square feet of sail next
| week.
NEW YORK, April 17. (/P) — The
tallest single spar ever carried by
a sailing vessel was shipped yes
terday to the Enterprise, a candi
date for the defense of the Ameri
ca's cup against Sir Thomas Lip
ton's Shamrock V. The huge mast
towers 168 feet above the deck,
completely dwarfing the hull. An
eliptical hollow spar built, up of
nearly 200 strips of Alaskan spruce,
glued together, the mast weighs
5,000 pounds. With the mast step
ped, it is expected that the Enter
prise will get its first test under
I its 7,583 square feet of sail next
| week.
NEW YORK, April 17. (/P) — The
tallest single spar ever carried by
a sailing vessel was shipped yes
terday to the Enterprise, a candi
date for the defense of the Ameri
ca's cup against Sir Thomas Lip
ton's Shamrock V. The huge mast
towers 168 feet above the deck,
completely dwarfing the hull. An
eliptical hollow spar built, up of
nearly 200 strips of Alaskan spruce,
glued together, the mast weighs
5,000 pounds. With the mast step
ped, it is expected that the Enter
prise will get its first test under
I its 7,583 square feet of sail next
| week.
NEW YORK, April 17. (/P) — The
tallest single spar ever carried by
a sailing vessel was shipped yes
terday to the Enterprise, a candi
date for the defense of the Ameri
ca's cup against Sir Thomas Lip
ton's Shamrock V. The huge mast
towers 168 feet above the deck,
completely dwarfing the hull. An
eliptical hollow spar built, up of
nearly 200 strips of Alaskan spruce,
glued together, the mast weighs
5,000 pounds. With the mast step
ped, it is expected that the Enter
prise will get its first test under
I its 7,583 square feet of sail next
| week.
NEW YORK, April 17. (/P) — The
tallest single spar ever carried by
a sailing vessel was shipped yes
terday to the Enterprise, a candi
date for the defense of the Ameri
ca's cup against Sir Thomas Lip
ton's Shamrock V. The huge mast
towers 168 feet above the deck,
completely dwarfing the hull. An
eliptical hollow spar built, up of
nearly 200 strips of Alaskan spruce,
glued together, the mast weighs
5,000 pounds. With the mast step
ped, it is expected that the Enter
prise will get its first test under
I its 7,583 square feet of sail next
| week.
NEW YORK, April 17. (/P) — The
tallest single spar ever carried by
a sailing vessel was shipped yes
terday to the Enterprise, a candi
date for the defense of the Ameri
ca's cup against Sir Thomas Lip
ton's Shamrock V. The huge mast
towers 168 feet above the deck,
completely dwarfing the hull. An
eliptical hollow spar built, up of
nearly 200 strips of Alaskan spruce,
glued together, the mast weighs
5,000 pounds. With the mast step
ped, it is expected that the Enter
prise will get its first test under
I its 7,583 square feet of sail next
| week.
NEW YORK, April 17. (/P) — The
tallest single spar ever carried by
a sailing vessel was shipped yes
terday to the Enterprise, a candi
date for the defense of the Ameri
ca's cup against Sir Thomas Lip
ton's Shamrock V. The huge mast
towers 168 feet above the deck,
completely dwarfing the hull. An
eliptical hollow spar built, up of
nearly 200 strips of Alaskan spruce,
glued together, the mast weighs
5,000 pounds. With the mast step
ped, it is expected that the Enter
prise will get its first test under
I its 7,583 square feet of sail next
| week.
NEW YORK, April 17. (/P) — The
tallest single spar ever carried by
a sailing vessel was shipped yes
terday to the Enterprise, a candi
date for the defense of the Ameri
ca's cup against Sir Thomas Lip
ton's Shamrock V. The huge mast
towers 168 feet above the deck,
completely dwarfing the hull. An
eliptical hollow spar built, up of
nearly 200 strips of Alaskan spruce,
glued together, the mast weighs
5,000 pounds. With the mast step
ped, it is expected that the Enter
prise will get its first test under
I its 7,583 square feet of sail next
| week.
NEW YORK, April 17. (/P) — The
tallest single spar ever carried by
a sailing vessel was shipped yes
terday to the Enterprise, a candi
date for the defense of the Ameri
ca's cup against Sir Thomas Lip
ton's Shamrock V. The huge mast
towers 168 feet above the deck,
completely dwarfing the hull. An
eliptical hollow spar built, up of
nearly 200 strips of Alaskan spruce,
glued together, the mast weighs
5,000 pounds. With the mast step
ped, it is expected that the Enter
prise will get its first test under
I its 7,583 square feet of sail next
| week.
NEW YORK, April 17. (/P) — The
tallest single spar ever carried by
a sailing vessel was shipped yes
terday to the Enterprise, a candi
date for the defense of the Ameri
ca's cup against Sir Thomas Lip
ton's Shamrock V. The huge mast
towers 168 feet above the deck,
completely dwarfing the hull. An
eliptical hollow spar built, up of
nearly 200 strips of Alaskan spruce,
glued together, the mast weighs
5,000 pounds. With the mast step
ped, it is expected that the Enter
prise will get its first test under
I its 7,583 square feet of sail next
| week.
NEW YORK, April 17. (/P) — The
tallest single spar ever carried by
a sailing vessel was shipped yes
terday to the Enterprise, a candi
date for the defense of the Ameri
ca's cup against Sir Thomas Lip
ton's Shamrock V. The huge mast
towers 168 feet above the deck,
completely dwarfing the hull. An
eliptical hollow spar built, up of
nearly 200 strips of Alaskan spruce,
glued together, the mast weighs
5,000 pounds. With the mast step
ped, it is expected that the Enter
prise will get its first test under
I its 7,583 square feet of sail next
| week.
NEW YORK, April 17. (/P) — The
tallest single spar ever carried by
a sailing vessel was shipped yes
terday to the Enterprise, a candi
date for the defense of the Ameri
ca's cup against Sir Thomas Lip
ton's Shamrock V. The huge mast
towers 168 feet above the deck,
completely dwarfing the hull. An
eliptical hollow spar built, up of
nearly 200 strips of Alaskan spruce,
glued together, the mast weighs
5,000 pounds. With the mast step
ped, it is expected that the Enter
prise will get its first test under
I its 7,583 square feet of sail next
| week.
NEW YORK, April 17. (/P) — The
tallest single spar ever carried by
a sailing vessel was shipped yes
terday to the Enterprise, a candi
date for the defense of the Ameri
ca's cup against Sir Thomas Lip
ton's Shamrock V. The huge mast
towers 168 feet above the deck,
completely dwarfing the hull. An
eliptical hollow spar built, up of
nearly 200 strips of Alaskan spruce,
glued together, the mast weighs
5,000 pounds. With the mast step
ped, it is expected that the Enter
prise will get its first test under
I its 7,583 square feet of sail next
| week.
NEW YORK, April 17. (/P) — The
tallest single spar ever carried by
a sailing vessel was shipped yes
terday to the Enterprise, a candi
date for the defense of the Ameri
ca's cup against Sir Thomas Lip
ton's Shamrock V. The huge mast
towers 168 feet above the deck,
completely dwarfing the hull. An
eliptical hollow spar built, up of
nearly 200 strips of Alaskan spruce,
glued together, the mast weighs
5,000 pounds. With the mast step
ped, it is expected that the Enter
prise will get its first test under
I its 7,583 square feet of sail next
| week.
NEW YORK, April 17. (/P) — The
tallest single spar ever carried by
a sailing vessel was shipped yes
terday to the Enterprise, a candi
date for the defense of the Ameri
ca's cup against Sir Thomas Lip
ton's Shamrock V. The huge mast
towers 168 feet above the deck,
completely dwarfing the hull. An
eliptical hollow spar built, up of
nearly 200 strips of Alaskan spruce,
glued together, the mast weighs
5,000 pounds. With the mast step
ped, it is expected that the Enter
prise will get its first test under
I its 7,583 square feet of sail next
| week.
