# GERMAN GLIDER ACE DIES IN PLANE CRASH
## 
### 
DARMSTADT, Germany, April
17. (fp)—Johannes Nehring, Ger
many's foremost. glider pilot, was
killed today when the plane lie was
flying crashed near the Island ol
Kuehkopf in the Rhine. His oh
server, Steinhaueser, saved him
sell' hy jumping with a parachute
Nehring was in a Junkers plant
taking a regular daily weather oh
servation flight. He reached a con
sidernble altitude when his motor
failed and his steering gear went
wrong.
DARMSTADT, Germany, April
17. (fp)—Johannes Nehring, Ger
many's foremost. glider pilot, was
killed today when the plane lie was
flying crashed near the Island ol
Kuehkopf in the Rhine. His oh
server, Steinhaueser, saved him
sell' hy jumping with a parachute
Nehring was in a Junkers plant
taking a regular daily weather oh
servation flight. He reached a con
sidernble altitude when his motor
failed and his steering gear went
wrong.
DARMSTADT, Germany, April
17. (fp)—Johannes Nehring, Ger
many's foremost. glider pilot, was
killed today when the plane lie was
flying crashed near the Island ol
Kuehkopf in the Rhine. His oh
server, Steinhaueser, saved him
sell' hy jumping with a parachute
Nehring was in a Junkers plant
taking a regular daily weather oh
servation flight. He reached a con
sidernble altitude when his motor
failed and his steering gear went
wrong.
DARMSTADT, Germany, April
17. (fp)—Johannes Nehring, Ger
many's foremost. glider pilot, was
killed today when the plane lie was
flying crashed near the Island ol
Kuehkopf in the Rhine. His oh
server, Steinhaueser, saved him
sell' hy jumping with a parachute
Nehring was in a Junkers plant
taking a regular daily weather oh
servation flight. He reached a con
sidernble altitude when his motor
failed and his steering gear went
wrong.
DARMSTADT, Germany, April
17. (fp)—Johannes Nehring, Ger
many's foremost. glider pilot, was
killed today when the plane lie was
flying crashed near the Island ol
Kuehkopf in the Rhine. His oh
server, Steinhaueser, saved him
sell' hy jumping with a parachute
Nehring was in a Junkers plant
taking a regular daily weather oh
servation flight. He reached a con
sidernble altitude when his motor
failed and his steering gear went
wrong.
DARMSTADT, Germany, April
17. (fp)—Johannes Nehring, Ger
many's foremost. glider pilot, was
killed today when the plane lie was
flying crashed near the Island ol
Kuehkopf in the Rhine. His oh
server, Steinhaueser, saved him
sell' hy jumping with a parachute
Nehring was in a Junkers plant
taking a regular daily weather oh
servation flight. He reached a con
sidernble altitude when his motor
failed and his steering gear went
wrong.
DARMSTADT, Germany, April
17. (fp)—Johannes Nehring, Ger
many's foremost. glider pilot, was
killed today when the plane lie was
flying crashed near the Island ol
Kuehkopf in the Rhine. His oh
server, Steinhaueser, saved him
sell' hy jumping with a parachute
Nehring was in a Junkers plant
taking a regular daily weather oh
servation flight. He reached a con
sidernble altitude when his motor
failed and his steering gear went
wrong.
DARMSTADT, Germany, April
17. (fp)—Johannes Nehring, Ger
many's foremost. glider pilot, was
killed today when the plane lie was
flying crashed near the Island ol
Kuehkopf in the Rhine. His oh
server, Steinhaueser, saved him
sell' hy jumping with a parachute
Nehring was in a Junkers plant
taking a regular daily weather oh
servation flight. He reached a con
sidernble altitude when his motor
failed and his steering gear went
wrong.
DARMSTADT, Germany, April
17. (fp)—Johannes Nehring, Ger
many's foremost. glider pilot, was
killed today when the plane lie was
flying crashed near the Island ol
Kuehkopf in the Rhine. His oh
server, Steinhaueser, saved him
sell' hy jumping with a parachute
Nehring was in a Junkers plant
taking a regular daily weather oh
servation flight. He reached a con
sidernble altitude when his motor
failed and his steering gear went
wrong.
DARMSTADT, Germany, April
17. (fp)—Johannes Nehring, Ger
many's foremost. glider pilot, was
killed today when the plane lie was
flying crashed near the Island ol
Kuehkopf in the Rhine. His oh
server, Steinhaueser, saved him
sell' hy jumping with a parachute
Nehring was in a Junkers plant
taking a regular daily weather oh
servation flight. He reached a con
sidernble altitude when his motor
failed and his steering gear went
wrong.
DARMSTADT, Germany, April
17. (fp)—Johannes Nehring, Ger
many's foremost. glider pilot, was
killed today when the plane lie was
flying crashed near the Island ol
Kuehkopf in the Rhine. His oh
server, Steinhaueser, saved him
sell' hy jumping with a parachute
Nehring was in a Junkers plant
taking a regular daily weather oh
servation flight. He reached a con
sidernble altitude when his motor
failed and his steering gear went
wrong.
DARMSTADT, Germany, April
17. (fp)—Johannes Nehring, Ger
many's foremost. glider pilot, was
killed today when the plane lie was
flying crashed near the Island ol
Kuehkopf in the Rhine. His oh
server, Steinhaueser, saved him
sell' hy jumping with a parachute
Nehring was in a Junkers plant
taking a regular daily weather oh
servation flight. He reached a con
sidernble altitude when his motor
failed and his steering gear went
wrong.
DARMSTADT, Germany, April
17. (fp)—Johannes Nehring, Ger
many's foremost. glider pilot, was
killed today when the plane lie was
flying crashed near the Island ol
Kuehkopf in the Rhine. His oh
server, Steinhaueser, saved him
sell' hy jumping with a parachute
Nehring was in a Junkers plant
taking a regular daily weather oh
servation flight. He reached a con
sidernble altitude when his motor
failed and his steering gear went
wrong.
DARMSTADT, Germany, April
17. (fp)—Johannes Nehring, Ger
many's foremost. glider pilot, was
killed today when the plane lie was
flying crashed near the Island ol
Kuehkopf in the Rhine. His oh
server, Steinhaueser, saved him
sell' hy jumping with a parachute
Nehring was in a Junkers plant
taking a regular daily weather oh
servation flight. He reached a con
sidernble altitude when his motor
failed and his steering gear went
wrong.
DARMSTADT, Germany, April
17. (fp)—Johannes Nehring, Ger
many's foremost. glider pilot, was
killed today when the plane lie was
flying crashed near the Island ol
Kuehkopf in the Rhine. His oh
server, Steinhaueser, saved him
sell' hy jumping with a parachute
Nehring was in a Junkers plant
taking a regular daily weather oh
servation flight. He reached a con
sidernble altitude when his motor
failed and his steering gear went
wrong.
