# RADIO WILL PRESENT EDUCATION LECTURES
## 
### 
Instruction by leading educational
authorities of the country will be
available to the universities and
schools throughout the country by a ;
new service to be incorporated into
the program of the National Broad
casting Company and affiliated sta- j
tions.
Announcement of the feature, made i
by M. H. Aylesworth, president of the
company, before the board of govern- j
ors of the General Federation of Wo
men's Clubs, said three test programs
would be broadcast, the first to be
presented by Walter Damrosch, New
York, on the night of January 21.
Instruction by leading educational
authorities of the country will be
available to the universities and
schools throughout the country by a ;
new service to be incorporated into
the program of the National Broad
casting Company and affiliated sta- j
tions.
Announcement of the feature, made i
by M. H. Aylesworth, president of the
company, before the board of govern- j
ors of the General Federation of Wo
men's Clubs, said three test programs
would be broadcast, the first to be
presented by Walter Damrosch, New
York, on the night of January 21.
Instruction by leading educational
authorities of the country will be
available to the universities and
schools throughout the country by a ;
new service to be incorporated into
the program of the National Broad
casting Company and affiliated sta- j
tions.
Announcement of the feature, made i
by M. H. Aylesworth, president of the
company, before the board of govern- j
ors of the General Federation of Wo
men's Clubs, said three test programs
would be broadcast, the first to be
presented by Walter Damrosch, New
York, on the night of January 21.
Instruction by leading educational
authorities of the country will be
available to the universities and
schools throughout the country by a ;
new service to be incorporated into
the program of the National Broad
casting Company and affiliated sta- j
tions.
Announcement of the feature, made i
by M. H. Aylesworth, president of the
company, before the board of govern- j
ors of the General Federation of Wo
men's Clubs, said three test programs
would be broadcast, the first to be
presented by Walter Damrosch, New
York, on the night of January 21.
Instruction by leading educational
authorities of the country will be
available to the universities and
schools throughout the country by a ;
new service to be incorporated into
the program of the National Broad
casting Company and affiliated sta- j
tions.
Announcement of the feature, made i
by M. H. Aylesworth, president of the
company, before the board of govern- j
ors of the General Federation of Wo
men's Clubs, said three test programs
would be broadcast, the first to be
presented by Walter Damrosch, New
York, on the night of January 21.
Instruction by leading educational
authorities of the country will be
available to the universities and
schools throughout the country by a ;
new service to be incorporated into
the program of the National Broad
casting Company and affiliated sta- j
tions.
Announcement of the feature, made i
by M. H. Aylesworth, president of the
company, before the board of govern- j
ors of the General Federation of Wo
men's Clubs, said three test programs
would be broadcast, the first to be
presented by Walter Damrosch, New
York, on the night of January 21.
Instruction by leading educational
authorities of the country will be
available to the universities and
schools throughout the country by a ;
new service to be incorporated into
the program of the National Broad
casting Company and affiliated sta- j
tions.
Announcement of the feature, made i
by M. H. Aylesworth, president of the
company, before the board of govern- j
ors of the General Federation of Wo
men's Clubs, said three test programs
would be broadcast, the first to be
presented by Walter Damrosch, New
York, on the night of January 21.
Instruction by leading educational
authorities of the country will be
available to the universities and
schools throughout the country by a ;
new service to be incorporated into
the program of the National Broad
casting Company and affiliated sta- j
tions.
Announcement of the feature, made i
by M. H. Aylesworth, president of the
company, before the board of govern- j
ors of the General Federation of Wo
men's Clubs, said three test programs
would be broadcast, the first to be
presented by Walter Damrosch, New
York, on the night of January 21.
Instruction by leading educational
authorities of the country will be
available to the universities and
schools throughout the country by a ;
new service to be incorporated into
the program of the National Broad
casting Company and affiliated sta- j
tions.
Announcement of the feature, made i
by M. H. Aylesworth, president of the
company, before the board of govern- j
ors of the General Federation of Wo
men's Clubs, said three test programs
would be broadcast, the first to be
presented by Walter Damrosch, New
York, on the night of January 21.
Instruction by leading educational
authorities of the country will be
available to the universities and
schools throughout the country by a ;
new service to be incorporated into
the program of the National Broad
casting Company and affiliated sta- j
tions.
Announcement of the feature, made i
by M. H. Aylesworth, president of the
company, before the board of govern- j
ors of the General Federation of Wo
men's Clubs, said three test programs
would be broadcast, the first to be
presented by Walter Damrosch, New
York, on the night of January 21.
Instruction by leading educational
authorities of the country will be
available to the universities and
schools throughout the country by a ;
new service to be incorporated into
the program of the National Broad
casting Company and affiliated sta- j
tions.
Announcement of the feature, made i
by M. H. Aylesworth, president of the
company, before the board of govern- j
ors of the General Federation of Wo
men's Clubs, said three test programs
would be broadcast, the first to be
presented by Walter Damrosch, New
York, on the night of January 21.
Instruction by leading educational
authorities of the country will be
available to the universities and
schools throughout the country by a ;
new service to be incorporated into
the program of the National Broad
casting Company and affiliated sta- j
tions.
Announcement of the feature, made i
by M. H. Aylesworth, president of the
company, before the board of govern- j
ors of the General Federation of Wo
men's Clubs, said three test programs
would be broadcast, the first to be
presented by Walter Damrosch, New
York, on the night of January 21.
Instruction by leading educational
authorities of the country will be
available to the universities and
schools throughout the country by a ;
new service to be incorporated into
the program of the National Broad
casting Company and affiliated sta- j
tions.
Announcement of the feature, made i
by M. H. Aylesworth, president of the
company, before the board of govern- j
ors of the General Federation of Wo
men's Clubs, said three test programs
would be broadcast, the first to be
presented by Walter Damrosch, New
York, on the night of January 21.
Instruction by leading educational
authorities of the country will be
available to the universities and
schools throughout the country by a ;
new service to be incorporated into
the program of the National Broad
casting Company and affiliated sta- j
tions.
Announcement of the feature, made i
by M. H. Aylesworth, president of the
company, before the board of govern- j
ors of the General Federation of Wo
men's Clubs, said three test programs
would be broadcast, the first to be
presented by Walter Damrosch, New
York, on the night of January 21.
Instruction by leading educational
authorities of the country will be
available to the universities and
schools throughout the country by a ;
new service to be incorporated into
the program of the National Broad
casting Company and affiliated sta- j
tions.
Announcement of the feature, made i
by M. H. Aylesworth, president of the
company, before the board of govern- j
ors of the General Federation of Wo
men's Clubs, said three test programs
would be broadcast, the first to be
presented by Walter Damrosch, New
York, on the night of January 21.
Instruction by leading educational
authorities of the country will be
available to the universities and
schools throughout the country by a ;
new service to be incorporated into
the program of the National Broad
casting Company and affiliated sta- j
tions.
Announcement of the feature, made i
by M. H. Aylesworth, president of the
company, before the board of govern- j
ors of the General Federation of Wo
men's Clubs, said three test programs
would be broadcast, the first to be
presented by Walter Damrosch, New
York, on the night of January 21.
