# Philological Group Hears Paper on Goethe's Poetry
## 
### 
Professor W. A. Cooper of the Ger
man Department read a paper on
"Translating Goethe's Poetry" at a
meeting of members of the Philologi
cal Association held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. This
is the second time that Professor
Cooper has read this paper before an
audience, having read it last Decem
ber at the meeting of the National
Modern Language Association in
Louisville, Kentucky.
Professor W. A. Cooper of the Ger
man Department read a paper on
"Translating Goethe's Poetry" at a
meeting of members of the Philologi
cal Association held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. This
is the second time that Professor
Cooper has read this paper before an
audience, having read it last Decem
ber at the meeting of the National
Modern Language Association in
Louisville, Kentucky.
Professor W. A. Cooper of the Ger
man Department read a paper on
"Translating Goethe's Poetry" at a
meeting of members of the Philologi
cal Association held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. This
is the second time that Professor
Cooper has read this paper before an
audience, having read it last Decem
ber at the meeting of the National
Modern Language Association in
Louisville, Kentucky.
Professor W. A. Cooper of the Ger
man Department read a paper on
"Translating Goethe's Poetry" at a
meeting of members of the Philologi
cal Association held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. This
is the second time that Professor
Cooper has read this paper before an
audience, having read it last Decem
ber at the meeting of the National
Modern Language Association in
Louisville, Kentucky.
Professor W. A. Cooper of the Ger
man Department read a paper on
"Translating Goethe's Poetry" at a
meeting of members of the Philologi
cal Association held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. This
is the second time that Professor
Cooper has read this paper before an
audience, having read it last Decem
ber at the meeting of the National
Modern Language Association in
Louisville, Kentucky.
Professor W. A. Cooper of the Ger
man Department read a paper on
"Translating Goethe's Poetry" at a
meeting of members of the Philologi
cal Association held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. This
is the second time that Professor
Cooper has read this paper before an
audience, having read it last Decem
ber at the meeting of the National
Modern Language Association in
Louisville, Kentucky.
Professor W. A. Cooper of the Ger
man Department read a paper on
"Translating Goethe's Poetry" at a
meeting of members of the Philologi
cal Association held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. This
is the second time that Professor
Cooper has read this paper before an
audience, having read it last Decem
ber at the meeting of the National
Modern Language Association in
Louisville, Kentucky.
Professor W. A. Cooper of the Ger
man Department read a paper on
"Translating Goethe's Poetry" at a
meeting of members of the Philologi
cal Association held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. This
is the second time that Professor
Cooper has read this paper before an
audience, having read it last Decem
ber at the meeting of the National
Modern Language Association in
Louisville, Kentucky.
Professor W. A. Cooper of the Ger
man Department read a paper on
"Translating Goethe's Poetry" at a
meeting of members of the Philologi
cal Association held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. This
is the second time that Professor
Cooper has read this paper before an
audience, having read it last Decem
ber at the meeting of the National
Modern Language Association in
Louisville, Kentucky.
Professor W. A. Cooper of the Ger
man Department read a paper on
"Translating Goethe's Poetry" at a
meeting of members of the Philologi
cal Association held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. This
is the second time that Professor
Cooper has read this paper before an
audience, having read it last Decem
ber at the meeting of the National
Modern Language Association in
Louisville, Kentucky.
Professor W. A. Cooper of the Ger
man Department read a paper on
"Translating Goethe's Poetry" at a
meeting of members of the Philologi
cal Association held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. This
is the second time that Professor
Cooper has read this paper before an
audience, having read it last Decem
ber at the meeting of the National
Modern Language Association in
Louisville, Kentucky.
Professor W. A. Cooper of the Ger
man Department read a paper on
"Translating Goethe's Poetry" at a
meeting of members of the Philologi
cal Association held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. This
is the second time that Professor
Cooper has read this paper before an
audience, having read it last Decem
ber at the meeting of the National
Modern Language Association in
Louisville, Kentucky.
Professor W. A. Cooper of the Ger
man Department read a paper on
"Translating Goethe's Poetry" at a
meeting of members of the Philologi
cal Association held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. This
is the second time that Professor
Cooper has read this paper before an
audience, having read it last Decem
ber at the meeting of the National
Modern Language Association in
Louisville, Kentucky.
Professor W. A. Cooper of the Ger
man Department read a paper on
"Translating Goethe's Poetry" at a
meeting of members of the Philologi
cal Association held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. This
is the second time that Professor
Cooper has read this paper before an
audience, having read it last Decem
ber at the meeting of the National
Modern Language Association in
Louisville, Kentucky.
Professor W. A. Cooper of the Ger
man Department read a paper on
"Translating Goethe's Poetry" at a
meeting of members of the Philologi
cal Association held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. This
is the second time that Professor
Cooper has read this paper before an
audience, having read it last Decem
ber at the meeting of the National
Modern Language Association in
Louisville, Kentucky.
Professor W. A. Cooper of the Ger
man Department read a paper on
"Translating Goethe's Poetry" at a
meeting of members of the Philologi
cal Association held yesterday after
noon in the Women's Clubhouse. This
is the second time that Professor
Cooper has read this paper before an
audience, having read it last Decem
ber at the meeting of the National
Modern Language Association in
Louisville, Kentucky.
