# Rifle Club Members Will Use Palo Alto Range
## 
### 
Members of the Stanford Rifle Club,
both men and women, will shoot on
the outdoor range of the Palo Alto
Rifle Club tomorrow afternoon. Any
one wishing to attend may secure
transportation by being in front of
(he postoffice at 1 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Members of the Stanford Rifle Club,
both men and women, will shoot on
the outdoor range of the Palo Alto
Rifle Club tomorrow afternoon. Any
one wishing to attend may secure
transportation by being in front of
(he postoffice at 1 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Members of the Stanford Rifle Club,
both men and women, will shoot on
the outdoor range of the Palo Alto
Rifle Club tomorrow afternoon. Any
one wishing to attend may secure
transportation by being in front of
(he postoffice at 1 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Members of the Stanford Rifle Club,
both men and women, will shoot on
the outdoor range of the Palo Alto
Rifle Club tomorrow afternoon. Any
one wishing to attend may secure
transportation by being in front of
(he postoffice at 1 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Members of the Stanford Rifle Club,
both men and women, will shoot on
the outdoor range of the Palo Alto
Rifle Club tomorrow afternoon. Any
one wishing to attend may secure
transportation by being in front of
(he postoffice at 1 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Members of the Stanford Rifle Club,
both men and women, will shoot on
the outdoor range of the Palo Alto
Rifle Club tomorrow afternoon. Any
one wishing to attend may secure
transportation by being in front of
(he postoffice at 1 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Members of the Stanford Rifle Club,
both men and women, will shoot on
the outdoor range of the Palo Alto
Rifle Club tomorrow afternoon. Any
one wishing to attend may secure
transportation by being in front of
(he postoffice at 1 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Members of the Stanford Rifle Club,
both men and women, will shoot on
the outdoor range of the Palo Alto
Rifle Club tomorrow afternoon. Any
one wishing to attend may secure
transportation by being in front of
(he postoffice at 1 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Members of the Stanford Rifle Club,
both men and women, will shoot on
the outdoor range of the Palo Alto
Rifle Club tomorrow afternoon. Any
one wishing to attend may secure
transportation by being in front of
(he postoffice at 1 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Members of the Stanford Rifle Club,
both men and women, will shoot on
the outdoor range of the Palo Alto
Rifle Club tomorrow afternoon. Any
one wishing to attend may secure
transportation by being in front of
(he postoffice at 1 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Members of the Stanford Rifle Club,
both men and women, will shoot on
the outdoor range of the Palo Alto
Rifle Club tomorrow afternoon. Any
one wishing to attend may secure
transportation by being in front of
(he postoffice at 1 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Members of the Stanford Rifle Club,
both men and women, will shoot on
the outdoor range of the Palo Alto
Rifle Club tomorrow afternoon. Any
one wishing to attend may secure
transportation by being in front of
(he postoffice at 1 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Members of the Stanford Rifle Club,
both men and women, will shoot on
the outdoor range of the Palo Alto
Rifle Club tomorrow afternoon. Any
one wishing to attend may secure
transportation by being in front of
(he postoffice at 1 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Members of the Stanford Rifle Club,
both men and women, will shoot on
the outdoor range of the Palo Alto
Rifle Club tomorrow afternoon. Any
one wishing to attend may secure
transportation by being in front of
(he postoffice at 1 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Members of the Stanford Rifle Club,
both men and women, will shoot on
the outdoor range of the Palo Alto
Rifle Club tomorrow afternoon. Any
one wishing to attend may secure
transportation by being in front of
(he postoffice at 1 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
Members of the Stanford Rifle Club,
both men and women, will shoot on
the outdoor range of the Palo Alto
Rifle Club tomorrow afternoon. Any
one wishing to attend may secure
transportation by being in front of
(he postoffice at 1 o'clock tomorrow
afternoon.
