# Untitled Article
## 
### 
A gift of $5000 a year in perpetuity
has been made to the University of
California to combat infantile paraly
sis.
A gift of $5000 a year in perpetuity
has been made to the University of
California to combat infantile paraly
sis.
A gift of $5000 a year in perpetuity
has been made to the University of
California to combat infantile paraly
sis.
A gift of $5000 a year in perpetuity
has been made to the University of
California to combat infantile paraly
sis.
A gift of $5000 a year in perpetuity
has been made to the University of
California to combat infantile paraly
sis.
A gift of $5000 a year in perpetuity
has been made to the University of
California to combat infantile paraly
sis.
A gift of $5000 a year in perpetuity
has been made to the University of
California to combat infantile paraly
sis.
A gift of $5000 a year in perpetuity
has been made to the University of
California to combat infantile paraly
sis.
A gift of $5000 a year in perpetuity
has been made to the University of
California to combat infantile paraly
sis.
A gift of $5000 a year in perpetuity
has been made to the University of
California to combat infantile paraly
sis.
A gift of $5000 a year in perpetuity
has been made to the University of
California to combat infantile paraly
sis.
A gift of $5000 a year in perpetuity
has been made to the University of
California to combat infantile paraly
sis.
A gift of $5000 a year in perpetuity
has been made to the University of
California to combat infantile paraly
sis.
A gift of $5000 a year in perpetuity
has been made to the University of
California to combat infantile paraly
sis.
A gift of $5000 a year in perpetuity
has been made to the University of
California to combat infantile paraly
sis.
A gift of $5000 a year in perpetuity
has been made to the University of
California to combat infantile paraly
sis.
