# TWO FELLOWSHIPS IN ENGLISH DEPARTMENT AVAILABLE AT MILLS
## 
### 
Two fellowships for young women
interested in studying for a teacher's
certificate or master's degree are be
ing offered by the Department of Eng
lish at Mills College. These fellow
ships carry with them full graduate
tuition, and room and board on the
Mills campus, in return for eighteen
hours a week assistance in the de
partment.
This work will consist of theme
reading and conferences in English I,
the required course in freshman com
position. Applications must be accom
panied by letters of recommendation,
a complete transcript of college rec
ords, and a small photograph of re
cent date. Requests for application
forms must be made before February
15 to Dr. Lucy Lockwood Hazard,
chairman of the department.
