# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The discovery of a case of vario
loid at the Nevada State Univer
sity, within the student quarters,
emphasizes the fact that Stanford
should prepare some method for
taking care of patients and of the
general health of students in a sim
ilar emergency here. The general
healthfulness of our location, the
purity of atmosphere, and the ex
cellent campus drainage, makes the
possibility of any pestilence gain
ing a foothold here, exceedingly
remote. Yet there is a possibility
and something more than a fancied
danger. From one case of any
contagious disease the entire stud
ent body is endangered and, so far
as possible, that danger should be
reduced to a minimum.
The discovery of a case of vario
loid at the Nevada State Univer
sity, within the student quarters,
emphasizes the fact that Stanford
should prepare some method for
taking care of patients and of the
general health of students in a sim
ilar emergency here. The general
healthfulness of our location, the
purity of atmosphere, and the ex
cellent campus drainage, makes the
possibility of any pestilence gain
ing a foothold here, exceedingly
remote. Yet there is a possibility
and something more than a fancied
danger. From one case of any
contagious disease the entire stud
ent body is endangered and, so far
as possible, that danger should be
reduced to a minimum.
The discovery of a case of vario
loid at the Nevada State Univer
sity, within the student quarters,
emphasizes the fact that Stanford
should prepare some method for
taking care of patients and of the
general health of students in a sim
ilar emergency here. The general
healthfulness of our location, the
purity of atmosphere, and the ex
cellent campus drainage, makes the
possibility of any pestilence gain
ing a foothold here, exceedingly
remote. Yet there is a possibility
and something more than a fancied
danger. From one case of any
contagious disease the entire stud
ent body is endangered and, so far
as possible, that danger should be
reduced to a minimum.
The discovery of a case of vario
loid at the Nevada State Univer
sity, within the student quarters,
emphasizes the fact that Stanford
should prepare some method for
taking care of patients and of the
general health of students in a sim
ilar emergency here. The general
healthfulness of our location, the
purity of atmosphere, and the ex
cellent campus drainage, makes the
possibility of any pestilence gain
ing a foothold here, exceedingly
remote. Yet there is a possibility
and something more than a fancied
danger. From one case of any
contagious disease the entire stud
ent body is endangered and, so far
as possible, that danger should be
reduced to a minimum.
