# Adv. 15 Page 9
## 
### 
2001 Saab Convertible
$8000.00, GREEN ,92,000 MILES
-Authentic Peruvian Tacos & More
-Diaz Market 3487 El Camino Real-
Funny Cartoons To Browse
At: www.Wong777.com
Share your college admission
experience with others and make
extra money at the same time!
www.essaymine.com
Stanford Student Calling Center
Make upto $14.25/ hr + Bonuses!!!
Now Hiring Stanford Students for
the Spring Quarter! Apply online
://stanford .thecallingcenter.com
Enjoy spending time online? Use
your internet expertise to mar
ket my home business & earn
$300-$5OO per sale. Complete
flexibility. Graphics, resources
provided. Email Gwen for details
at larsonB2B@gmail.com.
Part Time/Sales Representative
0ur365 has an opening for a
oriented person to take babies'
first photo at Lucille Parkard
Children's Hospital. Must be 18.
Apply at
www.our36s.com/opportunities
Retired investor needs help
filing financial documents
650-947-0684 Flexible hours.
It'll be fun! Stanford students/
/grads only
Graduation family rental campus
close in felstiner@stanford.edu
$3400 / 2br/2bath - Stunning 7th
floor condo completely furnished
with panoramic view, walk down
town, free cable, free DSL,pool
Exercise room, sauna, enclosed
garage,utilities included, One
