# Botanical Club Meets.
## 
### 
A meeting of the Botanical Club
was held yesterday afternoon. F.
M. McFarland, associate professor
of Histology, gave some personal
recollections of Julius von Sacks.
A biographical sketch of Sacks'
life was read by Miss M. E. Moul
ton. '05.
A meeting of the Botanical Club
was held yesterday afternoon. F.
M. McFarland, associate professor
of Histology, gave some personal
recollections of Julius von Sacks.
A biographical sketch of Sacks'
life was read by Miss M. E. Moul
ton. '05.
A meeting of the Botanical Club
was held yesterday afternoon. F.
M. McFarland, associate professor
of Histology, gave some personal
recollections of Julius von Sacks.
A biographical sketch of Sacks'
life was read by Miss M. E. Moul
ton. '05.
A meeting of the Botanical Club
was held yesterday afternoon. F.
M. McFarland, associate professor
of Histology, gave some personal
recollections of Julius von Sacks.
A biographical sketch of Sacks'
life was read by Miss M. E. Moul
ton. '05.
A meeting of the Botanical Club
was held yesterday afternoon. F.
M. McFarland, associate professor
of Histology, gave some personal
recollections of Julius von Sacks.
A biographical sketch of Sacks'
life was read by Miss M. E. Moul
ton. '05.
A meeting of the Botanical Club
was held yesterday afternoon. F.
M. McFarland, associate professor
of Histology, gave some personal
recollections of Julius von Sacks.
A biographical sketch of Sacks'
life was read by Miss M. E. Moul
ton. '05.
A meeting of the Botanical Club
was held yesterday afternoon. F.
M. McFarland, associate professor
of Histology, gave some personal
recollections of Julius von Sacks.
A biographical sketch of Sacks'
life was read by Miss M. E. Moul
ton. '05.
A meeting of the Botanical Club
was held yesterday afternoon. F.
M. McFarland, associate professor
of Histology, gave some personal
recollections of Julius von Sacks.
A biographical sketch of Sacks'
life was read by Miss M. E. Moul
ton. '05.
