# Philosophy of Life Explained by Hanks in Unusual Lecture
## 
### 
A blind man's philosophy of life,
gained through patient self-education
in spite of darkness and povertyâ€”
that was the theme of N. C. Hanks,
the sightless and handless entertain
er, who lectured in the Chapel yes
terday evening.
He enlarged at length upon Jaques'
famous "Seven Ages of Man" speech
from Shakespeare's "As You Like It,"
in addition to interpreting Edmond
Vance Cook's poem, "How Did You
Die?" and reading several humorous
prose selections. Speaking of his ex
periences at Stanford, Hanks said
that a record of his journeyings
around the campus could lie found on
his hat, which had been battered on
several occasions by forcible contact
with objects fo.r which he had not
b&en searching.
