# TICKETS FOR "SHERWOOD" GO ON SALE TOMORROW
## DRAWINGS AT BOOKSTORE AND WEINGARTNER'S AT 1:10 Number of Seats to Be Limited-Large Off-Campus Crowd Is Expected. 
### 
Tickets for "Sherwood" will be
placed on sale tomorrow afternoon
immediately after the drawing for
numbers at the Bookstore and Wein
gartner's Drug Store at 1:10. Not
withstanding the fact that room is
lim'ted only by the "blue sky above,"
seating for but a thousand people at
each performance has been provided,
in order that the ability to hear and
see may be assured with every ticket.
This being the case, the people of
Stanford are advised to buy early, in
order to avoid the off-campus rush.
"Sherwood" has been advertised ex
tensively in San Francisco, San .lose,
and all other points on the peninsula,
and it is expected that a large nuni
ber of people will be attracted. A
special train has been chartered by
the San .Tose Normal School students,
who are coming in a body to see the
production. The schools of Palo Alto
will also be well represented.
Music especially adapted to the
character of "Sherwood" has been ar
ranged from Old English songs by
Professor R. M. Aldon, of the Eng
lish department, and will be rendered
by a stringed orchestra under the di
rection of D. E. Shepardson, '17. Vo
cal selections will be given by J. W.
Bennett, '15, who is cast in the role
of Blondel, the King's Minstrel, and
H. M. Stanley, '17. as Alan-a-Dale,
the forest singer. Both Bennett and
Stanley are well known Stanford vo
calists and have voices adapted to
out-door singing.
The costumes, like the music, have
been prepared especially for the pro
duction, and are of fine quality. Rich
court dresses, fairy creations and the
green doublets of the merry men of
Sherwood forest blend harmoniously
with the woodland setting, and are
sure to help make "Sherwood" one of
the most memorable productions ever
given at Stanford.
