# Hilton to Show Slides on Peru
## 
### 
Kodachrome slides and a colored
movie will be featured at tomorrow
night's Hispanic - American Insti
tute speech by Professor Ronald
Hilton of the Hispanic - American
Institute. "The Top of South Amer
ica" will be the title of the travel
talk, which begins at 8 in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Professor Hilton will describe and
show pictures of his trip last year
through South America. The jour
ney along the Andes was through
the area previously known as the
vice-royalty of Peru. Highlights of
the trip include the highest high
way in the world and the mountain
once thought to be the highest in
the world.
A colored movie will show the
southern part of the old Spanish
colonial route, taken by Francis
Coughlin, instructor in Hispanic-
American studies. An Indian dance,
accompanied by a recording of the
music, is one feature of the movie.
Professor Hilton's talk is part of
the Hispanic - American Institute
series, "Peru, Past and Present."
Kodachrome slides and a colored
movie will be featured at tomorrow
night's Hispanic - American Insti
tute speech by Professor Ronald
Hilton of the Hispanic - American
Institute. "The Top of South Amer
ica" will be the title of the travel
talk, which begins at 8 in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Professor Hilton will describe and
show pictures of his trip last year
through South America. The jour
ney along the Andes was through
the area previously known as the
vice-royalty of Peru. Highlights of
the trip include the highest high
way in the world and the mountain
once thought to be the highest in
the world.
A colored movie will show the
southern part of the old Spanish
colonial route, taken by Francis
Coughlin, instructor in Hispanic-
American studies. An Indian dance,
accompanied by a recording of the
music, is one feature of the movie.
Professor Hilton's talk is part of
the Hispanic - American Institute
series, "Peru, Past and Present."
Kodachrome slides and a colored
movie will be featured at tomorrow
night's Hispanic - American Insti
tute speech by Professor Ronald
Hilton of the Hispanic - American
Institute. "The Top of South Amer
ica" will be the title of the travel
talk, which begins at 8 in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Professor Hilton will describe and
show pictures of his trip last year
through South America. The jour
ney along the Andes was through
the area previously known as the
vice-royalty of Peru. Highlights of
the trip include the highest high
way in the world and the mountain
once thought to be the highest in
the world.
A colored movie will show the
southern part of the old Spanish
colonial route, taken by Francis
Coughlin, instructor in Hispanic-
American studies. An Indian dance,
accompanied by a recording of the
music, is one feature of the movie.
Professor Hilton's talk is part of
the Hispanic - American Institute
series, "Peru, Past and Present."
Kodachrome slides and a colored
movie will be featured at tomorrow
night's Hispanic - American Insti
tute speech by Professor Ronald
Hilton of the Hispanic - American
Institute. "The Top of South Amer
ica" will be the title of the travel
talk, which begins at 8 in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Professor Hilton will describe and
show pictures of his trip last year
through South America. The jour
ney along the Andes was through
the area previously known as the
vice-royalty of Peru. Highlights of
the trip include the highest high
way in the world and the mountain
once thought to be the highest in
the world.
A colored movie will show the
southern part of the old Spanish
colonial route, taken by Francis
Coughlin, instructor in Hispanic-
American studies. An Indian dance,
accompanied by a recording of the
music, is one feature of the movie.
Professor Hilton's talk is part of
the Hispanic - American Institute
series, "Peru, Past and Present."
Kodachrome slides and a colored
movie will be featured at tomorrow
night's Hispanic - American Insti
tute speech by Professor Ronald
Hilton of the Hispanic - American
Institute. "The Top of South Amer
ica" will be the title of the travel
talk, which begins at 8 in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Professor Hilton will describe and
show pictures of his trip last year
through South America. The jour
ney along the Andes was through
the area previously known as the
vice-royalty of Peru. Highlights of
the trip include the highest high
way in the world and the mountain
once thought to be the highest in
the world.
A colored movie will show the
southern part of the old Spanish
colonial route, taken by Francis
Coughlin, instructor in Hispanic-
American studies. An Indian dance,
accompanied by a recording of the
music, is one feature of the movie.
Professor Hilton's talk is part of
the Hispanic - American Institute
series, "Peru, Past and Present."
Kodachrome slides and a colored
movie will be featured at tomorrow
night's Hispanic - American Insti
tute speech by Professor Ronald
Hilton of the Hispanic - American
Institute. "The Top of South Amer
ica" will be the title of the travel
talk, which begins at 8 in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Professor Hilton will describe and
show pictures of his trip last year
through South America. The jour
ney along the Andes was through
the area previously known as the
vice-royalty of Peru. Highlights of
the trip include the highest high
way in the world and the mountain
once thought to be the highest in
the world.
A colored movie will show the
southern part of the old Spanish
colonial route, taken by Francis
Coughlin, instructor in Hispanic-
American studies. An Indian dance,
accompanied by a recording of the
music, is one feature of the movie.
Professor Hilton's talk is part of
the Hispanic - American Institute
series, "Peru, Past and Present."
Kodachrome slides and a colored
movie will be featured at tomorrow
night's Hispanic - American Insti
tute speech by Professor Ronald
Hilton of the Hispanic - American
Institute. "The Top of South Amer
ica" will be the title of the travel
talk, which begins at 8 in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Professor Hilton will describe and
show pictures of his trip last year
through South America. The jour
ney along the Andes was through
the area previously known as the
vice-royalty of Peru. Highlights of
the trip include the highest high
way in the world and the mountain
once thought to be the highest in
the world.
A colored movie will show the
southern part of the old Spanish
colonial route, taken by Francis
Coughlin, instructor in Hispanic-
American studies. An Indian dance,
accompanied by a recording of the
music, is one feature of the movie.
Professor Hilton's talk is part of
the Hispanic - American Institute
series, "Peru, Past and Present."
Kodachrome slides and a colored
movie will be featured at tomorrow
night's Hispanic - American Insti
tute speech by Professor Ronald
Hilton of the Hispanic - American
Institute. "The Top of South Amer
ica" will be the title of the travel
talk, which begins at 8 in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Professor Hilton will describe and
show pictures of his trip last year
through South America. The jour
ney along the Andes was through
the area previously known as the
vice-royalty of Peru. Highlights of
the trip include the highest high
way in the world and the mountain
once thought to be the highest in
the world.
A colored movie will show the
southern part of the old Spanish
colonial route, taken by Francis
Coughlin, instructor in Hispanic-
American studies. An Indian dance,
accompanied by a recording of the
music, is one feature of the movie.
Professor Hilton's talk is part of
the Hispanic - American Institute
series, "Peru, Past and Present."
Kodachrome slides and a colored
movie will be featured at tomorrow
night's Hispanic - American Insti
tute speech by Professor Ronald
Hilton of the Hispanic - American
Institute. "The Top of South Amer
ica" will be the title of the travel
talk, which begins at 8 in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Professor Hilton will describe and
show pictures of his trip last year
through South America. The jour
ney along the Andes was through
the area previously known as the
vice-royalty of Peru. Highlights of
the trip include the highest high
way in the world and the mountain
once thought to be the highest in
the world.
A colored movie will show the
southern part of the old Spanish
colonial route, taken by Francis
Coughlin, instructor in Hispanic-
American studies. An Indian dance,
accompanied by a recording of the
music, is one feature of the movie.
Professor Hilton's talk is part of
the Hispanic - American Institute
series, "Peru, Past and Present."
Kodachrome slides and a colored
movie will be featured at tomorrow
night's Hispanic - American Insti
tute speech by Professor Ronald
Hilton of the Hispanic - American
Institute. "The Top of South Amer
ica" will be the title of the travel
talk, which begins at 8 in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Professor Hilton will describe and
show pictures of his trip last year
through South America. The jour
ney along the Andes was through
the area previously known as the
vice-royalty of Peru. Highlights of
the trip include the highest high
way in the world and the mountain
once thought to be the highest in
the world.
A colored movie will show the
southern part of the old Spanish
colonial route, taken by Francis
Coughlin, instructor in Hispanic-
American studies. An Indian dance,
accompanied by a recording of the
music, is one feature of the movie.
Professor Hilton's talk is part of
the Hispanic - American Institute
series, "Peru, Past and Present."
Kodachrome slides and a colored
movie will be featured at tomorrow
night's Hispanic - American Insti
tute speech by Professor Ronald
Hilton of the Hispanic - American
Institute. "The Top of South Amer
ica" will be the title of the travel
talk, which begins at 8 in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Professor Hilton will describe and
show pictures of his trip last year
through South America. The jour
ney along the Andes was through
the area previously known as the
vice-royalty of Peru. Highlights of
the trip include the highest high
way in the world and the mountain
once thought to be the highest in
the world.
A colored movie will show the
southern part of the old Spanish
colonial route, taken by Francis
Coughlin, instructor in Hispanic-
American studies. An Indian dance,
accompanied by a recording of the
music, is one feature of the movie.
Professor Hilton's talk is part of
the Hispanic - American Institute
series, "Peru, Past and Present."
Kodachrome slides and a colored
movie will be featured at tomorrow
night's Hispanic - American Insti
tute speech by Professor Ronald
Hilton of the Hispanic - American
Institute. "The Top of South Amer
ica" will be the title of the travel
talk, which begins at 8 in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Professor Hilton will describe and
show pictures of his trip last year
through South America. The jour
ney along the Andes was through
the area previously known as the
vice-royalty of Peru. Highlights of
the trip include the highest high
way in the world and the mountain
once thought to be the highest in
the world.
A colored movie will show the
southern part of the old Spanish
colonial route, taken by Francis
Coughlin, instructor in Hispanic-
American studies. An Indian dance,
accompanied by a recording of the
music, is one feature of the movie.
Professor Hilton's talk is part of
the Hispanic - American Institute
series, "Peru, Past and Present."
Kodachrome slides and a colored
movie will be featured at tomorrow
night's Hispanic - American Insti
tute speech by Professor Ronald
Hilton of the Hispanic - American
Institute. "The Top of South Amer
ica" will be the title of the travel
talk, which begins at 8 in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Professor Hilton will describe and
show pictures of his trip last year
through South America. The jour
ney along the Andes was through
the area previously known as the
vice-royalty of Peru. Highlights of
the trip include the highest high
way in the world and the mountain
once thought to be the highest in
the world.
A colored movie will show the
southern part of the old Spanish
colonial route, taken by Francis
Coughlin, instructor in Hispanic-
American studies. An Indian dance,
accompanied by a recording of the
music, is one feature of the movie.
Professor Hilton's talk is part of
the Hispanic - American Institute
series, "Peru, Past and Present."
Kodachrome slides and a colored
movie will be featured at tomorrow
night's Hispanic - American Insti
tute speech by Professor Ronald
Hilton of the Hispanic - American
Institute. "The Top of South Amer
ica" will be the title of the travel
talk, which begins at 8 in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Professor Hilton will describe and
show pictures of his trip last year
through South America. The jour
ney along the Andes was through
the area previously known as the
vice-royalty of Peru. Highlights of
the trip include the highest high
way in the world and the mountain
once thought to be the highest in
the world.
A colored movie will show the
southern part of the old Spanish
colonial route, taken by Francis
Coughlin, instructor in Hispanic-
American studies. An Indian dance,
accompanied by a recording of the
music, is one feature of the movie.
Professor Hilton's talk is part of
the Hispanic - American Institute
series, "Peru, Past and Present."
Kodachrome slides and a colored
movie will be featured at tomorrow
night's Hispanic - American Insti
tute speech by Professor Ronald
Hilton of the Hispanic - American
Institute. "The Top of South Amer
ica" will be the title of the travel
talk, which begins at 8 in Cubber
ley Auditorium.
Professor Hilton will describe and
show pictures of his trip last year
through South America. The jour
ney along the Andes was through
the area previously known as the
vice-royalty of Peru. Highlights of
the trip include the highest high
way in the world and the mountain
once thought to be the highest in
the world.
A colored movie will show the
southern part of the old Spanish
colonial route, taken by Francis
Coughlin, instructor in Hispanic-
American studies. An Indian dance,
accompanied by a recording of the
music, is one feature of the movie.
Professor Hilton's talk is part of
the Hispanic - American Institute
series, "Peru, Past and Present."
