# Deadline on Study List Changes Set
## 
### 
Monday, Jan. .17, is the last day
students may change their study
lists for this quarter without fine.
After January 17 all program revi
sions must be made by petition to
the Registration Committee, sub
ject to the following fines: $2 for
each course added or diopped, or $3
where one course is substituted for
another.
All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's oflice on the regular re
vised study-list cards. Students are
held responsible for courses and
as they appear on their official
study lists filed at the time of reg
istration and no credit is given for
courses which do not appear there
on. This applies to physical educa
tion as well as academic subjects.
Monday, Jan. .17, is the last day
students may change their study
lists for this quarter without fine.
After January 17 all program revi
sions must be made by petition to
the Registration Committee, sub
ject to the following fines: $2 for
each course added or diopped, or $3
where one course is substituted for
another.
All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's oflice on the regular re
vised study-list cards. Students are
held responsible for courses and
as they appear on their official
study lists filed at the time of reg
istration and no credit is given for
courses which do not appear there
on. This applies to physical educa
tion as well as academic subjects.
Monday, Jan. .17, is the last day
students may change their study
lists for this quarter without fine.
After January 17 all program revi
sions must be made by petition to
the Registration Committee, sub
ject to the following fines: $2 for
each course added or diopped, or $3
where one course is substituted for
another.
All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's oflice on the regular re
vised study-list cards. Students are
held responsible for courses and
as they appear on their official
study lists filed at the time of reg
istration and no credit is given for
courses which do not appear there
on. This applies to physical educa
tion as well as academic subjects.
Monday, Jan. .17, is the last day
students may change their study
lists for this quarter without fine.
After January 17 all program revi
sions must be made by petition to
the Registration Committee, sub
ject to the following fines: $2 for
each course added or diopped, or $3
where one course is substituted for
another.
All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's oflice on the regular re
vised study-list cards. Students are
held responsible for courses and
as they appear on their official
study lists filed at the time of reg
istration and no credit is given for
courses which do not appear there
on. This applies to physical educa
tion as well as academic subjects.
Monday, Jan. .17, is the last day
students may change their study
lists for this quarter without fine.
After January 17 all program revi
sions must be made by petition to
the Registration Committee, sub
ject to the following fines: $2 for
each course added or diopped, or $3
where one course is substituted for
another.
All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's oflice on the regular re
vised study-list cards. Students are
held responsible for courses and
as they appear on their official
study lists filed at the time of reg
istration and no credit is given for
courses which do not appear there
on. This applies to physical educa
tion as well as academic subjects.
Monday, Jan. .17, is the last day
students may change their study
lists for this quarter without fine.
After January 17 all program revi
sions must be made by petition to
the Registration Committee, sub
ject to the following fines: $2 for
each course added or diopped, or $3
where one course is substituted for
another.
All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's oflice on the regular re
vised study-list cards. Students are
held responsible for courses and
as they appear on their official
study lists filed at the time of reg
istration and no credit is given for
courses which do not appear there
on. This applies to physical educa
tion as well as academic subjects.
Monday, Jan. .17, is the last day
students may change their study
lists for this quarter without fine.
After January 17 all program revi
sions must be made by petition to
the Registration Committee, sub
ject to the following fines: $2 for
each course added or diopped, or $3
where one course is substituted for
another.
All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's oflice on the regular re
vised study-list cards. Students are
held responsible for courses and
as they appear on their official
study lists filed at the time of reg
istration and no credit is given for
courses which do not appear there
on. This applies to physical educa
tion as well as academic subjects.
Monday, Jan. .17, is the last day
students may change their study
lists for this quarter without fine.
After January 17 all program revi
sions must be made by petition to
the Registration Committee, sub
ject to the following fines: $2 for
each course added or diopped, or $3
where one course is substituted for
another.
All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's oflice on the regular re
vised study-list cards. Students are
held responsible for courses and
as they appear on their official
study lists filed at the time of reg
istration and no credit is given for
courses which do not appear there
on. This applies to physical educa
tion as well as academic subjects.
Monday, Jan. .17, is the last day
students may change their study
lists for this quarter without fine.
After January 17 all program revi
sions must be made by petition to
the Registration Committee, sub
ject to the following fines: $2 for
each course added or diopped, or $3
where one course is substituted for
another.
All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's oflice on the regular re
vised study-list cards. Students are
held responsible for courses and
as they appear on their official
study lists filed at the time of reg
istration and no credit is given for
courses which do not appear there
on. This applies to physical educa
tion as well as academic subjects.
Monday, Jan. .17, is the last day
students may change their study
lists for this quarter without fine.
After January 17 all program revi
sions must be made by petition to
the Registration Committee, sub
ject to the following fines: $2 for
each course added or diopped, or $3
where one course is substituted for
another.
All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's oflice on the regular re
vised study-list cards. Students are
held responsible for courses and
as they appear on their official
study lists filed at the time of reg
istration and no credit is given for
courses which do not appear there
on. This applies to physical educa
tion as well as academic subjects.
Monday, Jan. .17, is the last day
students may change their study
lists for this quarter without fine.
After January 17 all program revi
sions must be made by petition to
the Registration Committee, sub
ject to the following fines: $2 for
each course added or diopped, or $3
where one course is substituted for
another.
All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's oflice on the regular re
vised study-list cards. Students are
held responsible for courses and
as they appear on their official
study lists filed at the time of reg
istration and no credit is given for
courses which do not appear there
on. This applies to physical educa
tion as well as academic subjects.
Monday, Jan. .17, is the last day
students may change their study
lists for this quarter without fine.
After January 17 all program revi
sions must be made by petition to
the Registration Committee, sub
ject to the following fines: $2 for
each course added or diopped, or $3
where one course is substituted for
another.
All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's oflice on the regular re
vised study-list cards. Students are
held responsible for courses and
as they appear on their official
study lists filed at the time of reg
istration and no credit is given for
courses which do not appear there
on. This applies to physical educa
tion as well as academic subjects.
Monday, Jan. .17, is the last day
students may change their study
lists for this quarter without fine.
After January 17 all program revi
sions must be made by petition to
the Registration Committee, sub
ject to the following fines: $2 for
each course added or diopped, or $3
where one course is substituted for
another.
All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's oflice on the regular re
vised study-list cards. Students are
held responsible for courses and
as they appear on their official
study lists filed at the time of reg
istration and no credit is given for
courses which do not appear there
on. This applies to physical educa
tion as well as academic subjects.
Monday, Jan. .17, is the last day
students may change their study
lists for this quarter without fine.
After January 17 all program revi
sions must be made by petition to
the Registration Committee, sub
ject to the following fines: $2 for
each course added or diopped, or $3
where one course is substituted for
another.
All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's oflice on the regular re
vised study-list cards. Students are
held responsible for courses and
as they appear on their official
study lists filed at the time of reg
istration and no credit is given for
courses which do not appear there
on. This applies to physical educa
tion as well as academic subjects.
Monday, Jan. .17, is the last day
students may change their study
lists for this quarter without fine.
After January 17 all program revi
sions must be made by petition to
the Registration Committee, sub
ject to the following fines: $2 for
each course added or diopped, or $3
where one course is substituted for
another.
All program changes made since
registration should be filed at the
Registrar's oflice on the regular re
vised study-list cards. Students are
held responsible for courses and
as they appear on their official
study lists filed at the time of reg
istration and no credit is given for
courses which do not appear there
on. This applies to physical educa
tion as well as academic subjects.
