# EUROPE TO U.S. IN 84 HOURS
## 
### 

AN OFFICIAL of the French Line proposes this design of a huge liner to cross the Atlantic in Il'a days.
The ship would be 1350 feet long, with 400,000 horsepower producing a speed of .'l7 knots. Funnels would
he eliminated and smoke would be expelled through horizontal ducts with outlets toward the rear of the
ship.

AN OFFICIAL of the French Line proposes this design of a huge liner to cross the Atlantic in Il'a days.
The ship would be 1350 feet long, with 400,000 horsepower producing a speed of .'l7 knots. Funnels would
he eliminated and smoke would be expelled through horizontal ducts with outlets toward the rear of the
ship.

AN OFFICIAL of the French Line proposes this design of a huge liner to cross the Atlantic in Il'a days.
The ship would be 1350 feet long, with 400,000 horsepower producing a speed of .'l7 knots. Funnels would
he eliminated and smoke would be expelled through horizontal ducts with outlets toward the rear of the
ship.

AN OFFICIAL of the French Line proposes this design of a huge liner to cross the Atlantic in Il'a days.
The ship would be 1350 feet long, with 400,000 horsepower producing a speed of .'l7 knots. Funnels would
he eliminated and smoke would be expelled through horizontal ducts with outlets toward the rear of the
ship.

AN OFFICIAL of the French Line proposes this design of a huge liner to cross the Atlantic in Il'a days.
The ship would be 1350 feet long, with 400,000 horsepower producing a speed of .'l7 knots. Funnels would
he eliminated and smoke would be expelled through horizontal ducts with outlets toward the rear of the
ship.

AN OFFICIAL of the French Line proposes this design of a huge liner to cross the Atlantic in Il'a days.
The ship would be 1350 feet long, with 400,000 horsepower producing a speed of .'l7 knots. Funnels would
he eliminated and smoke would be expelled through horizontal ducts with outlets toward the rear of the
ship.

AN OFFICIAL of the French Line proposes this design of a huge liner to cross the Atlantic in Il'a days.
The ship would be 1350 feet long, with 400,000 horsepower producing a speed of .'l7 knots. Funnels would
he eliminated and smoke would be expelled through horizontal ducts with outlets toward the rear of the
ship.

AN OFFICIAL of the French Line proposes this design of a huge liner to cross the Atlantic in Il'a days.
The ship would be 1350 feet long, with 400,000 horsepower producing a speed of .'l7 knots. Funnels would
he eliminated and smoke would be expelled through horizontal ducts with outlets toward the rear of the
ship.

AN OFFICIAL of the French Line proposes this design of a huge liner to cross the Atlantic in Il'a days.
The ship would be 1350 feet long, with 400,000 horsepower producing a speed of .'l7 knots. Funnels would
he eliminated and smoke would be expelled through horizontal ducts with outlets toward the rear of the
ship.

AN OFFICIAL of the French Line proposes this design of a huge liner to cross the Atlantic in Il'a days.
The ship would be 1350 feet long, with 400,000 horsepower producing a speed of .'l7 knots. Funnels would
he eliminated and smoke would be expelled through horizontal ducts with outlets toward the rear of the
ship.

AN OFFICIAL of the French Line proposes this design of a huge liner to cross the Atlantic in Il'a days.
The ship would be 1350 feet long, with 400,000 horsepower producing a speed of .'l7 knots. Funnels would
he eliminated and smoke would be expelled through horizontal ducts with outlets toward the rear of the
ship.

AN OFFICIAL of the French Line proposes this design of a huge liner to cross the Atlantic in Il'a days.
The ship would be 1350 feet long, with 400,000 horsepower producing a speed of .'l7 knots. Funnels would
he eliminated and smoke would be expelled through horizontal ducts with outlets toward the rear of the
ship.

AN OFFICIAL of the French Line proposes this design of a huge liner to cross the Atlantic in Il'a days.
The ship would be 1350 feet long, with 400,000 horsepower producing a speed of .'l7 knots. Funnels would
he eliminated and smoke would be expelled through horizontal ducts with outlets toward the rear of the
ship.

AN OFFICIAL of the French Line proposes this design of a huge liner to cross the Atlantic in Il'a days.
The ship would be 1350 feet long, with 400,000 horsepower producing a speed of .'l7 knots. Funnels would
he eliminated and smoke would be expelled through horizontal ducts with outlets toward the rear of the
ship.

AN OFFICIAL of the French Line proposes this design of a huge liner to cross the Atlantic in Il'a days.
The ship would be 1350 feet long, with 400,000 horsepower producing a speed of .'l7 knots. Funnels would
he eliminated and smoke would be expelled through horizontal ducts with outlets toward the rear of the
ship.
