# FROSH TRACK CALL
## 
### 
All frosh track men or those in
terested in turning out are a-sked to
attend a meeting in the B.A.C. of
fice at 7 o'clock tonight to elect a
captain.
All frosh track men or those in
terested in turning out are a-sked to
attend a meeting in the B.A.C. of
fice at 7 o'clock tonight to elect a
captain.
All frosh track men or those in
terested in turning out are a-sked to
attend a meeting in the B.A.C. of
fice at 7 o'clock tonight to elect a
captain.
All frosh track men or those in
terested in turning out are a-sked to
attend a meeting in the B.A.C. of
fice at 7 o'clock tonight to elect a
captain.
All frosh track men or those in
terested in turning out are a-sked to
attend a meeting in the B.A.C. of
fice at 7 o'clock tonight to elect a
captain.
All frosh track men or those in
terested in turning out are a-sked to
attend a meeting in the B.A.C. of
fice at 7 o'clock tonight to elect a
captain.
All frosh track men or those in
terested in turning out are a-sked to
attend a meeting in the B.A.C. of
fice at 7 o'clock tonight to elect a
captain.
All frosh track men or those in
terested in turning out are a-sked to
attend a meeting in the B.A.C. of
fice at 7 o'clock tonight to elect a
captain.
All frosh track men or those in
terested in turning out are a-sked to
attend a meeting in the B.A.C. of
fice at 7 o'clock tonight to elect a
captain.
All frosh track men or those in
terested in turning out are a-sked to
attend a meeting in the B.A.C. of
fice at 7 o'clock tonight to elect a
captain.
All frosh track men or those in
terested in turning out are a-sked to
attend a meeting in the B.A.C. of
fice at 7 o'clock tonight to elect a
captain.
All frosh track men or those in
terested in turning out are a-sked to
attend a meeting in the B.A.C. of
fice at 7 o'clock tonight to elect a
captain.
All frosh track men or those in
terested in turning out are a-sked to
attend a meeting in the B.A.C. of
fice at 7 o'clock tonight to elect a
captain.
All frosh track men or those in
terested in turning out are a-sked to
attend a meeting in the B.A.C. of
fice at 7 o'clock tonight to elect a
captain.
All frosh track men or those in
terested in turning out are a-sked to
attend a meeting in the B.A.C. of
fice at 7 o'clock tonight to elect a
captain.
