# FELLOWSHIPS OPEN
## 
### 
Fellowships in the natural scienc
es paying from $1600 to $2000 yearly
are obtainable from the National
Research Council for citizens of the
United States or Canada who have
demonstrated unusual ability in re
search. Such persons must be
nominated by responsible scientists,
and are appointed for one year.
Nominations for the next academic
year have to be made before Feb
ruary 1, to the National Research
Council, 2101 Constitution Ave.,
Washington, D.C.
Fellowships in the natural scienc
es paying from $1600 to $2000 yearly
are obtainable from the National
Research Council for citizens of the
United States or Canada who have
demonstrated unusual ability in re
search. Such persons must be
nominated by responsible scientists,
and are appointed for one year.
Nominations for the next academic
year have to be made before Feb
ruary 1, to the National Research
Council, 2101 Constitution Ave.,
Washington, D.C.
Fellowships in the natural scienc
es paying from $1600 to $2000 yearly
are obtainable from the National
Research Council for citizens of the
United States or Canada who have
demonstrated unusual ability in re
search. Such persons must be
nominated by responsible scientists,
and are appointed for one year.
Nominations for the next academic
year have to be made before Feb
ruary 1, to the National Research
Council, 2101 Constitution Ave.,
Washington, D.C.
Fellowships in the natural scienc
es paying from $1600 to $2000 yearly
are obtainable from the National
Research Council for citizens of the
United States or Canada who have
demonstrated unusual ability in re
search. Such persons must be
nominated by responsible scientists,
and are appointed for one year.
Nominations for the next academic
year have to be made before Feb
ruary 1, to the National Research
Council, 2101 Constitution Ave.,
Washington, D.C.
Fellowships in the natural scienc
es paying from $1600 to $2000 yearly
are obtainable from the National
Research Council for citizens of the
United States or Canada who have
demonstrated unusual ability in re
search. Such persons must be
nominated by responsible scientists,
and are appointed for one year.
Nominations for the next academic
year have to be made before Feb
ruary 1, to the National Research
Council, 2101 Constitution Ave.,
Washington, D.C.
Fellowships in the natural scienc
es paying from $1600 to $2000 yearly
are obtainable from the National
Research Council for citizens of the
United States or Canada who have
demonstrated unusual ability in re
search. Such persons must be
nominated by responsible scientists,
and are appointed for one year.
Nominations for the next academic
year have to be made before Feb
ruary 1, to the National Research
Council, 2101 Constitution Ave.,
Washington, D.C.
Fellowships in the natural scienc
es paying from $1600 to $2000 yearly
are obtainable from the National
Research Council for citizens of the
United States or Canada who have
demonstrated unusual ability in re
search. Such persons must be
nominated by responsible scientists,
and are appointed for one year.
Nominations for the next academic
year have to be made before Feb
ruary 1, to the National Research
Council, 2101 Constitution Ave.,
Washington, D.C.
Fellowships in the natural scienc
es paying from $1600 to $2000 yearly
are obtainable from the National
Research Council for citizens of the
United States or Canada who have
demonstrated unusual ability in re
search. Such persons must be
nominated by responsible scientists,
and are appointed for one year.
Nominations for the next academic
year have to be made before Feb
ruary 1, to the National Research
Council, 2101 Constitution Ave.,
Washington, D.C.
Fellowships in the natural scienc
es paying from $1600 to $2000 yearly
are obtainable from the National
Research Council for citizens of the
United States or Canada who have
demonstrated unusual ability in re
search. Such persons must be
nominated by responsible scientists,
and are appointed for one year.
Nominations for the next academic
year have to be made before Feb
ruary 1, to the National Research
Council, 2101 Constitution Ave.,
Washington, D.C.
Fellowships in the natural scienc
es paying from $1600 to $2000 yearly
are obtainable from the National
Research Council for citizens of the
United States or Canada who have
demonstrated unusual ability in re
search. Such persons must be
nominated by responsible scientists,
and are appointed for one year.
Nominations for the next academic
year have to be made before Feb
ruary 1, to the National Research
Council, 2101 Constitution Ave.,
Washington, D.C.
Fellowships in the natural scienc
es paying from $1600 to $2000 yearly
are obtainable from the National
Research Council for citizens of the
United States or Canada who have
demonstrated unusual ability in re
search. Such persons must be
nominated by responsible scientists,
and are appointed for one year.
Nominations for the next academic
year have to be made before Feb
ruary 1, to the National Research
Council, 2101 Constitution Ave.,
Washington, D.C.
Fellowships in the natural scienc
es paying from $1600 to $2000 yearly
are obtainable from the National
Research Council for citizens of the
United States or Canada who have
demonstrated unusual ability in re
search. Such persons must be
nominated by responsible scientists,
and are appointed for one year.
Nominations for the next academic
year have to be made before Feb
ruary 1, to the National Research
Council, 2101 Constitution Ave.,
Washington, D.C.
Fellowships in the natural scienc
es paying from $1600 to $2000 yearly
are obtainable from the National
Research Council for citizens of the
United States or Canada who have
demonstrated unusual ability in re
search. Such persons must be
nominated by responsible scientists,
and are appointed for one year.
Nominations for the next academic
year have to be made before Feb
ruary 1, to the National Research
Council, 2101 Constitution Ave.,
Washington, D.C.
Fellowships in the natural scienc
es paying from $1600 to $2000 yearly
are obtainable from the National
Research Council for citizens of the
United States or Canada who have
demonstrated unusual ability in re
search. Such persons must be
nominated by responsible scientists,
and are appointed for one year.
Nominations for the next academic
year have to be made before Feb
ruary 1, to the National Research
Council, 2101 Constitution Ave.,
Washington, D.C.
Fellowships in the natural scienc
es paying from $1600 to $2000 yearly
are obtainable from the National
Research Council for citizens of the
United States or Canada who have
demonstrated unusual ability in re
search. Such persons must be
nominated by responsible scientists,
and are appointed for one year.
Nominations for the next academic
year have to be made before Feb
ruary 1, to the National Research
Council, 2101 Constitution Ave.,
Washington, D.C.
