# Varsity Gymnasts Brace for Season
## 
### 
Pointing to the big match of Ihe
..t.ason with California in March,
and more particularly to the minor
sports exhibition to be held here
January 20, Coach Ken Edwards
gave the once-over to all gymnastic
candidates during last week. Stand
outs who will probably be on the
team are Norm Jeshery, A1 Kittell,
Dick Jennings, Florian Frank and
Lomax Turner, according to Ed
wards.
Forty men are at present enrolled
in gymnastic classes, with a top
group organized into a tentative
team.

Hawaiian islanders consider the
fiesh of the octopus a delicacy.
Pointing to the big match of Ihe
..t.ason with California in March,
and more particularly to the minor
sports exhibition to be held here
January 20, Coach Ken Edwards
gave the once-over to all gymnastic
candidates during last week. Stand
outs who will probably be on the
team are Norm Jeshery, A1 Kittell,
Dick Jennings, Florian Frank and
Lomax Turner, according to Ed
wards.
Forty men are at present enrolled
in gymnastic classes, with a top
group organized into a tentative
team.

Hawaiian islanders consider the
fiesh of the octopus a delicacy.
Pointing to the big match of Ihe
..t.ason with California in March,
and more particularly to the minor
sports exhibition to be held here
January 20, Coach Ken Edwards
gave the once-over to all gymnastic
candidates during last week. Stand
outs who will probably be on the
team are Norm Jeshery, A1 Kittell,
Dick Jennings, Florian Frank and
Lomax Turner, according to Ed
wards.
Forty men are at present enrolled
in gymnastic classes, with a top
group organized into a tentative
team.

Hawaiian islanders consider the
fiesh of the octopus a delicacy.
Pointing to the big match of Ihe
..t.ason with California in March,
and more particularly to the minor
sports exhibition to be held here
January 20, Coach Ken Edwards
gave the once-over to all gymnastic
candidates during last week. Stand
outs who will probably be on the
team are Norm Jeshery, A1 Kittell,
Dick Jennings, Florian Frank and
Lomax Turner, according to Ed
wards.
Forty men are at present enrolled
in gymnastic classes, with a top
group organized into a tentative
team.

Hawaiian islanders consider the
fiesh of the octopus a delicacy.
Pointing to the big match of Ihe
..t.ason with California in March,
and more particularly to the minor
sports exhibition to be held here
January 20, Coach Ken Edwards
gave the once-over to all gymnastic
candidates during last week. Stand
outs who will probably be on the
team are Norm Jeshery, A1 Kittell,
Dick Jennings, Florian Frank and
Lomax Turner, according to Ed
wards.
Forty men are at present enrolled
in gymnastic classes, with a top
group organized into a tentative
team.

Hawaiian islanders consider the
fiesh of the octopus a delicacy.
Pointing to the big match of Ihe
..t.ason with California in March,
and more particularly to the minor
sports exhibition to be held here
January 20, Coach Ken Edwards
gave the once-over to all gymnastic
candidates during last week. Stand
outs who will probably be on the
team are Norm Jeshery, A1 Kittell,
Dick Jennings, Florian Frank and
Lomax Turner, according to Ed
wards.
Forty men are at present enrolled
in gymnastic classes, with a top
group organized into a tentative
team.

Hawaiian islanders consider the
fiesh of the octopus a delicacy.
Pointing to the big match of Ihe
..t.ason with California in March,
and more particularly to the minor
sports exhibition to be held here
January 20, Coach Ken Edwards
gave the once-over to all gymnastic
candidates during last week. Stand
outs who will probably be on the
team are Norm Jeshery, A1 Kittell,
Dick Jennings, Florian Frank and
Lomax Turner, according to Ed
wards.
Forty men are at present enrolled
in gymnastic classes, with a top
group organized into a tentative
team.

Hawaiian islanders consider the
fiesh of the octopus a delicacy.
Pointing to the big match of Ihe
..t.ason with California in March,
and more particularly to the minor
sports exhibition to be held here
January 20, Coach Ken Edwards
gave the once-over to all gymnastic
candidates during last week. Stand
outs who will probably be on the
team are Norm Jeshery, A1 Kittell,
Dick Jennings, Florian Frank and
Lomax Turner, according to Ed
wards.
Forty men are at present enrolled
in gymnastic classes, with a top
group organized into a tentative
team.

Hawaiian islanders consider the
fiesh of the octopus a delicacy.
Pointing to the big match of Ihe
..t.ason with California in March,
and more particularly to the minor
sports exhibition to be held here
January 20, Coach Ken Edwards
gave the once-over to all gymnastic
candidates during last week. Stand
outs who will probably be on the
team are Norm Jeshery, A1 Kittell,
Dick Jennings, Florian Frank and
Lomax Turner, according to Ed
wards.
Forty men are at present enrolled
in gymnastic classes, with a top
group organized into a tentative
team.

Hawaiian islanders consider the
fiesh of the octopus a delicacy.
Pointing to the big match of Ihe
..t.ason with California in March,
and more particularly to the minor
sports exhibition to be held here
January 20, Coach Ken Edwards
gave the once-over to all gymnastic
candidates during last week. Stand
outs who will probably be on the
team are Norm Jeshery, A1 Kittell,
Dick Jennings, Florian Frank and
Lomax Turner, according to Ed
wards.
Forty men are at present enrolled
in gymnastic classes, with a top
group organized into a tentative
team.

Hawaiian islanders consider the
fiesh of the octopus a delicacy.
Pointing to the big match of Ihe
..t.ason with California in March,
and more particularly to the minor
sports exhibition to be held here
January 20, Coach Ken Edwards
gave the once-over to all gymnastic
candidates during last week. Stand
outs who will probably be on the
team are Norm Jeshery, A1 Kittell,
Dick Jennings, Florian Frank and
Lomax Turner, according to Ed
wards.
Forty men are at present enrolled
in gymnastic classes, with a top
group organized into a tentative
team.

Hawaiian islanders consider the
fiesh of the octopus a delicacy.
Pointing to the big match of Ihe
..t.ason with California in March,
and more particularly to the minor
sports exhibition to be held here
January 20, Coach Ken Edwards
gave the once-over to all gymnastic
candidates during last week. Stand
outs who will probably be on the
team are Norm Jeshery, A1 Kittell,
Dick Jennings, Florian Frank and
Lomax Turner, according to Ed
wards.
Forty men are at present enrolled
in gymnastic classes, with a top
group organized into a tentative
team.

Hawaiian islanders consider the
fiesh of the octopus a delicacy.
Pointing to the big match of Ihe
..t.ason with California in March,
and more particularly to the minor
sports exhibition to be held here
January 20, Coach Ken Edwards
gave the once-over to all gymnastic
candidates during last week. Stand
outs who will probably be on the
team are Norm Jeshery, A1 Kittell,
Dick Jennings, Florian Frank and
Lomax Turner, according to Ed
wards.
Forty men are at present enrolled
in gymnastic classes, with a top
group organized into a tentative
team.

Hawaiian islanders consider the
fiesh of the octopus a delicacy.
Pointing to the big match of Ihe
..t.ason with California in March,
and more particularly to the minor
sports exhibition to be held here
January 20, Coach Ken Edwards
gave the once-over to all gymnastic
candidates during last week. Stand
outs who will probably be on the
team are Norm Jeshery, A1 Kittell,
Dick Jennings, Florian Frank and
Lomax Turner, according to Ed
wards.
Forty men are at present enrolled
in gymnastic classes, with a top
group organized into a tentative
team.

Hawaiian islanders consider the
fiesh of the octopus a delicacy.
Pointing to the big match of Ihe
..t.ason with California in March,
and more particularly to the minor
sports exhibition to be held here
January 20, Coach Ken Edwards
gave the once-over to all gymnastic
candidates during last week. Stand
outs who will probably be on the
team are Norm Jeshery, A1 Kittell,
Dick Jennings, Florian Frank and
Lomax Turner, according to Ed
wards.
Forty men are at present enrolled
in gymnastic classes, with a top
group organized into a tentative
team.

Hawaiian islanders consider the
fiesh of the octopus a delicacy.
