# ENCINA FORMAL
## 
### 
Stanford Students. from the
youngest freshman to the oldest
graduate, are invited to Encina's
free Summer Informal on July 22.
The orchestra will begin at 9 and
continue until 1 a.m. The dance is
an all-campus event, and everyone
is encouraged to attend, with or
without a date. Refreshments will
be served throughout the evening.
Stanford Students. from the
youngest freshman to the oldest
graduate, are invited to Encina's
free Summer Informal on July 22.
The orchestra will begin at 9 and
continue until 1 a.m. The dance is
an all-campus event, and everyone
is encouraged to attend, with or
without a date. Refreshments will
be served throughout the evening.
Stanford Students. from the
youngest freshman to the oldest
graduate, are invited to Encina's
free Summer Informal on July 22.
The orchestra will begin at 9 and
continue until 1 a.m. The dance is
an all-campus event, and everyone
is encouraged to attend, with or
without a date. Refreshments will
be served throughout the evening.
Stanford Students. from the
youngest freshman to the oldest
graduate, are invited to Encina's
free Summer Informal on July 22.
The orchestra will begin at 9 and
continue until 1 a.m. The dance is
an all-campus event, and everyone
is encouraged to attend, with or
without a date. Refreshments will
be served throughout the evening.
Stanford Students. from the
youngest freshman to the oldest
graduate, are invited to Encina's
free Summer Informal on July 22.
The orchestra will begin at 9 and
continue until 1 a.m. The dance is
an all-campus event, and everyone
is encouraged to attend, with or
without a date. Refreshments will
be served throughout the evening.
Stanford Students. from the
youngest freshman to the oldest
graduate, are invited to Encina's
free Summer Informal on July 22.
The orchestra will begin at 9 and
continue until 1 a.m. The dance is
an all-campus event, and everyone
is encouraged to attend, with or
without a date. Refreshments will
be served throughout the evening.
Stanford Students. from the
youngest freshman to the oldest
graduate, are invited to Encina's
free Summer Informal on July 22.
The orchestra will begin at 9 and
continue until 1 a.m. The dance is
an all-campus event, and everyone
is encouraged to attend, with or
without a date. Refreshments will
be served throughout the evening.
Stanford Students. from the
youngest freshman to the oldest
graduate, are invited to Encina's
free Summer Informal on July 22.
The orchestra will begin at 9 and
continue until 1 a.m. The dance is
an all-campus event, and everyone
is encouraged to attend, with or
without a date. Refreshments will
be served throughout the evening.
Stanford Students. from the
youngest freshman to the oldest
graduate, are invited to Encina's
free Summer Informal on July 22.
The orchestra will begin at 9 and
continue until 1 a.m. The dance is
an all-campus event, and everyone
is encouraged to attend, with or
without a date. Refreshments will
be served throughout the evening.
Stanford Students. from the
youngest freshman to the oldest
graduate, are invited to Encina's
free Summer Informal on July 22.
The orchestra will begin at 9 and
continue until 1 a.m. The dance is
an all-campus event, and everyone
is encouraged to attend, with or
without a date. Refreshments will
be served throughout the evening.
Stanford Students. from the
youngest freshman to the oldest
graduate, are invited to Encina's
free Summer Informal on July 22.
The orchestra will begin at 9 and
continue until 1 a.m. The dance is
an all-campus event, and everyone
is encouraged to attend, with or
without a date. Refreshments will
be served throughout the evening.
Stanford Students. from the
youngest freshman to the oldest
graduate, are invited to Encina's
free Summer Informal on July 22.
The orchestra will begin at 9 and
continue until 1 a.m. The dance is
an all-campus event, and everyone
is encouraged to attend, with or
without a date. Refreshments will
be served throughout the evening.
Stanford Students. from the
youngest freshman to the oldest
graduate, are invited to Encina's
free Summer Informal on July 22.
The orchestra will begin at 9 and
continue until 1 a.m. The dance is
an all-campus event, and everyone
is encouraged to attend, with or
without a date. Refreshments will
be served throughout the evening.
Stanford Students. from the
youngest freshman to the oldest
graduate, are invited to Encina's
free Summer Informal on July 22.
The orchestra will begin at 9 and
continue until 1 a.m. The dance is
an all-campus event, and everyone
is encouraged to attend, with or
without a date. Refreshments will
be served throughout the evening.
