# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Free from outside noises, future barristers study at smooth birchwood
tables in this well-lighted reading room of the Law Library on the third
floor of the new school. All windows are double and acoustical plaster
covers the ceiling to insure ouict.

Free from outside noises, future barristers study at smooth birchwood
tables in this well-lighted reading room of the Law Library on the third
floor of the new school. All windows are double and acoustical plaster
covers the ceiling to insure ouict.

Free from outside noises, future barristers study at smooth birchwood
tables in this well-lighted reading room of the Law Library on the third
floor of the new school. All windows are double and acoustical plaster
covers the ceiling to insure ouict.

Free from outside noises, future barristers study at smooth birchwood
tables in this well-lighted reading room of the Law Library on the third
floor of the new school. All windows are double and acoustical plaster
covers the ceiling to insure ouict.

Free from outside noises, future barristers study at smooth birchwood
tables in this well-lighted reading room of the Law Library on the third
floor of the new school. All windows are double and acoustical plaster
covers the ceiling to insure ouict.

Free from outside noises, future barristers study at smooth birchwood
tables in this well-lighted reading room of the Law Library on the third
floor of the new school. All windows are double and acoustical plaster
covers the ceiling to insure ouict.

Free from outside noises, future barristers study at smooth birchwood
tables in this well-lighted reading room of the Law Library on the third
floor of the new school. All windows are double and acoustical plaster
covers the ceiling to insure ouict.

Free from outside noises, future barristers study at smooth birchwood
tables in this well-lighted reading room of the Law Library on the third
floor of the new school. All windows are double and acoustical plaster
covers the ceiling to insure ouict.

Free from outside noises, future barristers study at smooth birchwood
tables in this well-lighted reading room of the Law Library on the third
floor of the new school. All windows are double and acoustical plaster
covers the ceiling to insure ouict.

Free from outside noises, future barristers study at smooth birchwood
tables in this well-lighted reading room of the Law Library on the third
floor of the new school. All windows are double and acoustical plaster
covers the ceiling to insure ouict.

Free from outside noises, future barristers study at smooth birchwood
tables in this well-lighted reading room of the Law Library on the third
floor of the new school. All windows are double and acoustical plaster
covers the ceiling to insure ouict.

Free from outside noises, future barristers study at smooth birchwood
tables in this well-lighted reading room of the Law Library on the third
floor of the new school. All windows are double and acoustical plaster
covers the ceiling to insure ouict.

Free from outside noises, future barristers study at smooth birchwood
tables in this well-lighted reading room of the Law Library on the third
floor of the new school. All windows are double and acoustical plaster
covers the ceiling to insure ouict.

Free from outside noises, future barristers study at smooth birchwood
tables in this well-lighted reading room of the Law Library on the third
floor of the new school. All windows are double and acoustical plaster
covers the ceiling to insure ouict.
