# DUNLAP WILL PLAY HAWKINS IN FINALS OF WOMEN'S TENNIS
## 
### 
Sue Betty Dunlap earned the right
to play Betts Hawkins in the upper
division finals of the W.A.A. tennis
tournament when she defeated Mar
garet McDougall 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, yes
terday afternoon.
The first set of the match was eas
ily McDougall's, but in the next she
was completely overwhelmed by her
opponent's fast drives and strong
service. The deciding set was a wild
but slow contest, which was finally
won by Dunlap's consistent strokes.
In the lower-division schedule,
Patsy Nichols defeated Sprott Boyd
6-2, 7-5, and Mildred Andrews won
from Janet Lockey 6-1, 6-2, both of
the winners advancing to the semi
finals. The Barkelew-Kelley and
Weil-Hochefort matches, still to be
played, must be completed by this
afternoon or forfeited, Sprott Boyd,
manager, announced yesterday.
Sue Betty Dunlap earned the right
to play Betts Hawkins in the upper
division finals of the W.A.A. tennis
tournament when she defeated Mar
garet McDougall 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, yes
terday afternoon.
The first set of the match was eas
ily McDougall's, but in the next she
was completely overwhelmed by her
opponent's fast drives and strong
service. The deciding set was a wild
but slow contest, which was finally
won by Dunlap's consistent strokes.
In the lower-division schedule,
Patsy Nichols defeated Sprott Boyd
6-2, 7-5, and Mildred Andrews won
from Janet Lockey 6-1, 6-2, both of
the winners advancing to the semi
finals. The Barkelew-Kelley and
Weil-Hochefort matches, still to be
played, must be completed by this
afternoon or forfeited, Sprott Boyd,
manager, announced yesterday.
Sue Betty Dunlap earned the right
to play Betts Hawkins in the upper
division finals of the W.A.A. tennis
tournament when she defeated Mar
garet McDougall 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, yes
terday afternoon.
The first set of the match was eas
ily McDougall's, but in the next she
was completely overwhelmed by her
opponent's fast drives and strong
service. The deciding set was a wild
but slow contest, which was finally
won by Dunlap's consistent strokes.
In the lower-division schedule,
Patsy Nichols defeated Sprott Boyd
6-2, 7-5, and Mildred Andrews won
from Janet Lockey 6-1, 6-2, both of
the winners advancing to the semi
finals. The Barkelew-Kelley and
Weil-Hochefort matches, still to be
played, must be completed by this
afternoon or forfeited, Sprott Boyd,
manager, announced yesterday.
Sue Betty Dunlap earned the right
to play Betts Hawkins in the upper
division finals of the W.A.A. tennis
tournament when she defeated Mar
garet McDougall 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, yes
terday afternoon.
The first set of the match was eas
ily McDougall's, but in the next she
was completely overwhelmed by her
opponent's fast drives and strong
service. The deciding set was a wild
but slow contest, which was finally
won by Dunlap's consistent strokes.
In the lower-division schedule,
Patsy Nichols defeated Sprott Boyd
6-2, 7-5, and Mildred Andrews won
from Janet Lockey 6-1, 6-2, both of
the winners advancing to the semi
finals. The Barkelew-Kelley and
Weil-Hochefort matches, still to be
played, must be completed by this
afternoon or forfeited, Sprott Boyd,
manager, announced yesterday.
Sue Betty Dunlap earned the right
to play Betts Hawkins in the upper
division finals of the W.A.A. tennis
tournament when she defeated Mar
garet McDougall 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, yes
terday afternoon.
The first set of the match was eas
ily McDougall's, but in the next she
was completely overwhelmed by her
opponent's fast drives and strong
service. The deciding set was a wild
but slow contest, which was finally
won by Dunlap's consistent strokes.
In the lower-division schedule,
Patsy Nichols defeated Sprott Boyd
6-2, 7-5, and Mildred Andrews won
from Janet Lockey 6-1, 6-2, both of
the winners advancing to the semi
finals. The Barkelew-Kelley and
Weil-Hochefort matches, still to be
played, must be completed by this
afternoon or forfeited, Sprott Boyd,
manager, announced yesterday.
Sue Betty Dunlap earned the right
to play Betts Hawkins in the upper
division finals of the W.A.A. tennis
tournament when she defeated Mar
garet McDougall 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, yes
terday afternoon.
The first set of the match was eas
ily McDougall's, but in the next she
was completely overwhelmed by her
opponent's fast drives and strong
service. The deciding set was a wild
but slow contest, which was finally
won by Dunlap's consistent strokes.
In the lower-division schedule,
Patsy Nichols defeated Sprott Boyd
6-2, 7-5, and Mildred Andrews won
from Janet Lockey 6-1, 6-2, both of
the winners advancing to the semi
finals. The Barkelew-Kelley and
Weil-Hochefort matches, still to be
played, must be completed by this
afternoon or forfeited, Sprott Boyd,
manager, announced yesterday.
Sue Betty Dunlap earned the right
to play Betts Hawkins in the upper
division finals of the W.A.A. tennis
tournament when she defeated Mar
garet McDougall 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, yes
terday afternoon.
The first set of the match was eas
ily McDougall's, but in the next she
was completely overwhelmed by her
opponent's fast drives and strong
service. The deciding set was a wild
but slow contest, which was finally
won by Dunlap's consistent strokes.
In the lower-division schedule,
Patsy Nichols defeated Sprott Boyd
6-2, 7-5, and Mildred Andrews won
from Janet Lockey 6-1, 6-2, both of
the winners advancing to the semi
finals. The Barkelew-Kelley and
Weil-Hochefort matches, still to be
played, must be completed by this
afternoon or forfeited, Sprott Boyd,
manager, announced yesterday.
Sue Betty Dunlap earned the right
to play Betts Hawkins in the upper
division finals of the W.A.A. tennis
tournament when she defeated Mar
garet McDougall 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, yes
terday afternoon.
The first set of the match was eas
ily McDougall's, but in the next she
was completely overwhelmed by her
opponent's fast drives and strong
service. The deciding set was a wild
but slow contest, which was finally
won by Dunlap's consistent strokes.
In the lower-division schedule,
Patsy Nichols defeated Sprott Boyd
6-2, 7-5, and Mildred Andrews won
from Janet Lockey 6-1, 6-2, both of
the winners advancing to the semi
finals. The Barkelew-Kelley and
Weil-Hochefort matches, still to be
played, must be completed by this
afternoon or forfeited, Sprott Boyd,
manager, announced yesterday.
Sue Betty Dunlap earned the right
to play Betts Hawkins in the upper
division finals of the W.A.A. tennis
tournament when she defeated Mar
garet McDougall 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, yes
terday afternoon.
The first set of the match was eas
ily McDougall's, but in the next she
was completely overwhelmed by her
opponent's fast drives and strong
service. The deciding set was a wild
but slow contest, which was finally
won by Dunlap's consistent strokes.
In the lower-division schedule,
Patsy Nichols defeated Sprott Boyd
6-2, 7-5, and Mildred Andrews won
from Janet Lockey 6-1, 6-2, both of
the winners advancing to the semi
finals. The Barkelew-Kelley and
Weil-Hochefort matches, still to be
played, must be completed by this
afternoon or forfeited, Sprott Boyd,
manager, announced yesterday.
Sue Betty Dunlap earned the right
to play Betts Hawkins in the upper
division finals of the W.A.A. tennis
tournament when she defeated Mar
garet McDougall 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, yes
terday afternoon.
The first set of the match was eas
ily McDougall's, but in the next she
was completely overwhelmed by her
opponent's fast drives and strong
service. The deciding set was a wild
but slow contest, which was finally
won by Dunlap's consistent strokes.
In the lower-division schedule,
Patsy Nichols defeated Sprott Boyd
6-2, 7-5, and Mildred Andrews won
from Janet Lockey 6-1, 6-2, both of
the winners advancing to the semi
finals. The Barkelew-Kelley and
Weil-Hochefort matches, still to be
played, must be completed by this
afternoon or forfeited, Sprott Boyd,
manager, announced yesterday.
Sue Betty Dunlap earned the right
to play Betts Hawkins in the upper
division finals of the W.A.A. tennis
tournament when she defeated Mar
garet McDougall 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, yes
terday afternoon.
The first set of the match was eas
ily McDougall's, but in the next she
was completely overwhelmed by her
opponent's fast drives and strong
service. The deciding set was a wild
but slow contest, which was finally
won by Dunlap's consistent strokes.
In the lower-division schedule,
Patsy Nichols defeated Sprott Boyd
6-2, 7-5, and Mildred Andrews won
from Janet Lockey 6-1, 6-2, both of
the winners advancing to the semi
finals. The Barkelew-Kelley and
Weil-Hochefort matches, still to be
played, must be completed by this
afternoon or forfeited, Sprott Boyd,
manager, announced yesterday.
Sue Betty Dunlap earned the right
to play Betts Hawkins in the upper
division finals of the W.A.A. tennis
tournament when she defeated Mar
garet McDougall 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, yes
terday afternoon.
The first set of the match was eas
ily McDougall's, but in the next she
was completely overwhelmed by her
opponent's fast drives and strong
service. The deciding set was a wild
but slow contest, which was finally
won by Dunlap's consistent strokes.
In the lower-division schedule,
Patsy Nichols defeated Sprott Boyd
6-2, 7-5, and Mildred Andrews won
from Janet Lockey 6-1, 6-2, both of
the winners advancing to the semi
finals. The Barkelew-Kelley and
Weil-Hochefort matches, still to be
played, must be completed by this
afternoon or forfeited, Sprott Boyd,
manager, announced yesterday.
Sue Betty Dunlap earned the right
to play Betts Hawkins in the upper
division finals of the W.A.A. tennis
tournament when she defeated Mar
garet McDougall 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, yes
terday afternoon.
The first set of the match was eas
ily McDougall's, but in the next she
was completely overwhelmed by her
opponent's fast drives and strong
service. The deciding set was a wild
but slow contest, which was finally
won by Dunlap's consistent strokes.
In the lower-division schedule,
Patsy Nichols defeated Sprott Boyd
6-2, 7-5, and Mildred Andrews won
from Janet Lockey 6-1, 6-2, both of
the winners advancing to the semi
finals. The Barkelew-Kelley and
Weil-Hochefort matches, still to be
played, must be completed by this
afternoon or forfeited, Sprott Boyd,
manager, announced yesterday.
Sue Betty Dunlap earned the right
to play Betts Hawkins in the upper
division finals of the W.A.A. tennis
tournament when she defeated Mar
garet McDougall 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, yes
terday afternoon.
The first set of the match was eas
ily McDougall's, but in the next she
was completely overwhelmed by her
opponent's fast drives and strong
service. The deciding set was a wild
but slow contest, which was finally
won by Dunlap's consistent strokes.
In the lower-division schedule,
Patsy Nichols defeated Sprott Boyd
6-2, 7-5, and Mildred Andrews won
from Janet Lockey 6-1, 6-2, both of
the winners advancing to the semi
finals. The Barkelew-Kelley and
Weil-Hochefort matches, still to be
played, must be completed by this
afternoon or forfeited, Sprott Boyd,
manager, announced yesterday.
Sue Betty Dunlap earned the right
to play Betts Hawkins in the upper
division finals of the W.A.A. tennis
tournament when she defeated Mar
garet McDougall 3-6, 6-4, 7-5, yes
terday afternoon.
The first set of the match was eas
ily McDougall's, but in the next she
was completely overwhelmed by her
opponent's fast drives and strong
service. The deciding set was a wild
but slow contest, which was finally
won by Dunlap's consistent strokes.
In the lower-division schedule,
Patsy Nichols defeated Sprott Boyd
6-2, 7-5, and Mildred Andrews won
from Janet Lockey 6-1, 6-2, both of
the winners advancing to the semi
finals. The Barkelew-Kelley and
Weil-Hochefort matches, still to be
played, must be completed by this
afternoon or forfeited, Sprott Boyd,
manager, announced yesterday.
