# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—Chaplain D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon in the chapel at
it o'clock Sunday, October 14th
—Chaplain D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon in the chapel at
it o'clock Sunday, October 14th
—Chaplain D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon in the chapel at
it o'clock Sunday, October 14th
—Chaplain D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon in the chapel at
it o'clock Sunday, October 14th
—Chaplain D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon in the chapel at
it o'clock Sunday, October 14th
—Chaplain D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon in the chapel at
it o'clock Sunday, October 14th
—Chaplain D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon in the chapel at
it o'clock Sunday, October 14th
—Chaplain D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon in the chapel at
it o'clock Sunday, October 14th
—Chaplain D. Charles Gardner will
deliver the sermon in the chapel at
it o'clock Sunday, October 14th
