# Catholic Fair.
## 
### 
A fair for the benefit of the new
Catholic church to be built in Palo
Alto will be given Tuesday evening
and Wednesday afternoon and
evening, October 29th and 30th, by
the Catholic ladies of Palo Alto
and the students of the University.
There will be short programs and
dancing each evening, refreshments
will be served, and pillows and pic
tures and fancy articles will he on
sale at two booths. The fair will
be held at Fraternity Hall, in Palo
Alto.
A fair for the benefit of the new
Catholic church to be built in Palo
Alto will be given Tuesday evening
and Wednesday afternoon and
evening, October 29th and 30th, by
the Catholic ladies of Palo Alto
and the students of the University.
There will be short programs and
dancing each evening, refreshments
will be served, and pillows and pic
tures and fancy articles will he on
sale at two booths. The fair will
be held at Fraternity Hall, in Palo
Alto.
A fair for the benefit of the new
Catholic church to be built in Palo
Alto will be given Tuesday evening
and Wednesday afternoon and
evening, October 29th and 30th, by
the Catholic ladies of Palo Alto
and the students of the University.
There will be short programs and
dancing each evening, refreshments
will be served, and pillows and pic
tures and fancy articles will he on
sale at two booths. The fair will
be held at Fraternity Hall, in Palo
Alto.
A fair for the benefit of the new
Catholic church to be built in Palo
Alto will be given Tuesday evening
and Wednesday afternoon and
evening, October 29th and 30th, by
the Catholic ladies of Palo Alto
and the students of the University.
There will be short programs and
dancing each evening, refreshments
will be served, and pillows and pic
tures and fancy articles will he on
sale at two booths. The fair will
be held at Fraternity Hall, in Palo
Alto.
A fair for the benefit of the new
Catholic church to be built in Palo
Alto will be given Tuesday evening
and Wednesday afternoon and
evening, October 29th and 30th, by
the Catholic ladies of Palo Alto
and the students of the University.
There will be short programs and
dancing each evening, refreshments
will be served, and pillows and pic
tures and fancy articles will he on
sale at two booths. The fair will
be held at Fraternity Hall, in Palo
Alto.
A fair for the benefit of the new
Catholic church to be built in Palo
Alto will be given Tuesday evening
and Wednesday afternoon and
evening, October 29th and 30th, by
the Catholic ladies of Palo Alto
and the students of the University.
There will be short programs and
dancing each evening, refreshments
will be served, and pillows and pic
tures and fancy articles will he on
sale at two booths. The fair will
be held at Fraternity Hall, in Palo
Alto.
A fair for the benefit of the new
Catholic church to be built in Palo
Alto will be given Tuesday evening
and Wednesday afternoon and
evening, October 29th and 30th, by
the Catholic ladies of Palo Alto
and the students of the University.
There will be short programs and
dancing each evening, refreshments
will be served, and pillows and pic
tures and fancy articles will he on
sale at two booths. The fair will
be held at Fraternity Hall, in Palo
Alto.
A fair for the benefit of the new
Catholic church to be built in Palo
Alto will be given Tuesday evening
and Wednesday afternoon and
evening, October 29th and 30th, by
the Catholic ladies of Palo Alto
and the students of the University.
There will be short programs and
dancing each evening, refreshments
will be served, and pillows and pic
tures and fancy articles will he on
sale at two booths. The fair will
be held at Fraternity Hall, in Palo
Alto.
