# Hansen To Relate Stanford History
## 
### 
Ralph Hansen wiil speak on "Stan
ford: 1876-1903" at 7:30 p.m. tonight
at Tresidder Union, Room 270-271. His
address will cover the period of Stan
ford's history between Senator Stan
ford's purchasing the "Farm" and
Mrs. Stanford's relinquishing control
of the University to the Board of
Trustees.
Now Curator of the University Ar
chives and Stanford Collection of the
Stanford Library, Hansen, in 1963,
was appointed Palo Alto City histor
ian and in that same year was ap
pointed to the California Heritage
Preservation Commission by Govern
or Brown.
He received hi : formal education at
Brigham Young University, Harvard,
and the University of Oregon. Han
sen's address will include his show
ing early slides of the campus.
