# NEWSBOY SUES CITY
## 
### 
JACKSON, Mich., Oct. 18 (/P).—
Hymic Ford, 20, newsboy, is seeking
$10,000 from the city and the Michi
gan Bell Telephone Company for in
juries received when he was struck
by a pole blown over during a wind
storm
JACKSON, Mich., Oct. 18 (/P).—
Hymic Ford, 20, newsboy, is seeking
$10,000 from the city and the Michi
gan Bell Telephone Company for in
juries received when he was struck
by a pole blown over during a wind
storm
JACKSON, Mich., Oct. 18 (/P).—
Hymic Ford, 20, newsboy, is seeking
$10,000 from the city and the Michi
gan Bell Telephone Company for in
juries received when he was struck
by a pole blown over during a wind
storm
JACKSON, Mich., Oct. 18 (/P).—
Hymic Ford, 20, newsboy, is seeking
$10,000 from the city and the Michi
gan Bell Telephone Company for in
juries received when he was struck
by a pole blown over during a wind
storm
JACKSON, Mich., Oct. 18 (/P).—
Hymic Ford, 20, newsboy, is seeking
$10,000 from the city and the Michi
gan Bell Telephone Company for in
juries received when he was struck
by a pole blown over during a wind
storm
JACKSON, Mich., Oct. 18 (/P).—
Hymic Ford, 20, newsboy, is seeking
$10,000 from the city and the Michi
gan Bell Telephone Company for in
juries received when he was struck
by a pole blown over during a wind
storm
JACKSON, Mich., Oct. 18 (/P).—
Hymic Ford, 20, newsboy, is seeking
$10,000 from the city and the Michi
gan Bell Telephone Company for in
juries received when he was struck
by a pole blown over during a wind
storm
JACKSON, Mich., Oct. 18 (/P).—
Hymic Ford, 20, newsboy, is seeking
$10,000 from the city and the Michi
gan Bell Telephone Company for in
juries received when he was struck
by a pole blown over during a wind
storm
JACKSON, Mich., Oct. 18 (/P).—
Hymic Ford, 20, newsboy, is seeking
$10,000 from the city and the Michi
gan Bell Telephone Company for in
juries received when he was struck
by a pole blown over during a wind
storm
JACKSON, Mich., Oct. 18 (/P).—
Hymic Ford, 20, newsboy, is seeking
$10,000 from the city and the Michi
gan Bell Telephone Company for in
juries received when he was struck
by a pole blown over during a wind
storm
JACKSON, Mich., Oct. 18 (/P).—
Hymic Ford, 20, newsboy, is seeking
$10,000 from the city and the Michi
gan Bell Telephone Company for in
juries received when he was struck
by a pole blown over during a wind
storm
JACKSON, Mich., Oct. 18 (/P).—
Hymic Ford, 20, newsboy, is seeking
$10,000 from the city and the Michi
gan Bell Telephone Company for in
juries received when he was struck
by a pole blown over during a wind
storm
JACKSON, Mich., Oct. 18 (/P).—
Hymic Ford, 20, newsboy, is seeking
$10,000 from the city and the Michi
gan Bell Telephone Company for in
juries received when he was struck
by a pole blown over during a wind
storm
JACKSON, Mich., Oct. 18 (/P).—
Hymic Ford, 20, newsboy, is seeking
$10,000 from the city and the Michi
gan Bell Telephone Company for in
juries received when he was struck
by a pole blown over during a wind
storm
JACKSON, Mich., Oct. 18 (/P).—
Hymic Ford, 20, newsboy, is seeking
$10,000 from the city and the Michi
gan Bell Telephone Company for in
juries received when he was struck
by a pole blown over during a wind
storm
