# "BANKER STANDARD" MAY REPLACE GOLD
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Oct. 18. (TP)—The
traditional gold standard is being
replaced by a "banker standard," in
the opinion of Lionel D. Edie, vice
president of the American Capitol
Corporation and formerly professor
of financo at the University of Chi
cago. •
This banker standard, by artifi
cially extending credit facilities be
yond reason and without regulation
virtually has prevented gold from
acting as the basis from which credit
should flow, Edie says in his book,
"The Banks and Prosperity," just
published.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18. (TP)—The
traditional gold standard is being
replaced by a "banker standard," in
the opinion of Lionel D. Edie, vice
president of the American Capitol
Corporation and formerly professor
of financo at the University of Chi
cago. •
This banker standard, by artifi
cially extending credit facilities be
yond reason and without regulation
virtually has prevented gold from
acting as the basis from which credit
should flow, Edie says in his book,
"The Banks and Prosperity," just
published.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18. (TP)—The
traditional gold standard is being
replaced by a "banker standard," in
the opinion of Lionel D. Edie, vice
president of the American Capitol
Corporation and formerly professor
of financo at the University of Chi
cago. •
This banker standard, by artifi
cially extending credit facilities be
yond reason and without regulation
virtually has prevented gold from
acting as the basis from which credit
should flow, Edie says in his book,
"The Banks and Prosperity," just
published.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18. (TP)—The
traditional gold standard is being
replaced by a "banker standard," in
the opinion of Lionel D. Edie, vice
president of the American Capitol
Corporation and formerly professor
of financo at the University of Chi
cago. •
This banker standard, by artifi
cially extending credit facilities be
yond reason and without regulation
virtually has prevented gold from
acting as the basis from which credit
should flow, Edie says in his book,
"The Banks and Prosperity," just
published.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18. (TP)—The
traditional gold standard is being
replaced by a "banker standard," in
the opinion of Lionel D. Edie, vice
president of the American Capitol
Corporation and formerly professor
of financo at the University of Chi
cago. •
This banker standard, by artifi
cially extending credit facilities be
yond reason and without regulation
virtually has prevented gold from
acting as the basis from which credit
should flow, Edie says in his book,
"The Banks and Prosperity," just
published.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18. (TP)—The
traditional gold standard is being
replaced by a "banker standard," in
the opinion of Lionel D. Edie, vice
president of the American Capitol
Corporation and formerly professor
of financo at the University of Chi
cago. •
This banker standard, by artifi
cially extending credit facilities be
yond reason and without regulation
virtually has prevented gold from
acting as the basis from which credit
should flow, Edie says in his book,
"The Banks and Prosperity," just
published.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18. (TP)—The
traditional gold standard is being
replaced by a "banker standard," in
the opinion of Lionel D. Edie, vice
president of the American Capitol
Corporation and formerly professor
of financo at the University of Chi
cago. •
This banker standard, by artifi
cially extending credit facilities be
yond reason and without regulation
virtually has prevented gold from
acting as the basis from which credit
should flow, Edie says in his book,
"The Banks and Prosperity," just
published.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18. (TP)—The
traditional gold standard is being
replaced by a "banker standard," in
the opinion of Lionel D. Edie, vice
president of the American Capitol
Corporation and formerly professor
of financo at the University of Chi
cago. •
This banker standard, by artifi
cially extending credit facilities be
yond reason and without regulation
virtually has prevented gold from
acting as the basis from which credit
should flow, Edie says in his book,
"The Banks and Prosperity," just
published.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18. (TP)—The
traditional gold standard is being
replaced by a "banker standard," in
the opinion of Lionel D. Edie, vice
president of the American Capitol
Corporation and formerly professor
of financo at the University of Chi
cago. •
This banker standard, by artifi
cially extending credit facilities be
yond reason and without regulation
virtually has prevented gold from
acting as the basis from which credit
should flow, Edie says in his book,
"The Banks and Prosperity," just
published.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18. (TP)—The
traditional gold standard is being
replaced by a "banker standard," in
the opinion of Lionel D. Edie, vice
president of the American Capitol
Corporation and formerly professor
of financo at the University of Chi
cago. •
This banker standard, by artifi
cially extending credit facilities be
yond reason and without regulation
virtually has prevented gold from
acting as the basis from which credit
should flow, Edie says in his book,
"The Banks and Prosperity," just
published.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18. (TP)—The
traditional gold standard is being
replaced by a "banker standard," in
the opinion of Lionel D. Edie, vice
president of the American Capitol
Corporation and formerly professor
of financo at the University of Chi
cago. •
This banker standard, by artifi
cially extending credit facilities be
yond reason and without regulation
virtually has prevented gold from
acting as the basis from which credit
should flow, Edie says in his book,
"The Banks and Prosperity," just
published.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18. (TP)—The
traditional gold standard is being
replaced by a "banker standard," in
the opinion of Lionel D. Edie, vice
president of the American Capitol
Corporation and formerly professor
of financo at the University of Chi
cago. •
This banker standard, by artifi
cially extending credit facilities be
yond reason and without regulation
virtually has prevented gold from
acting as the basis from which credit
should flow, Edie says in his book,
"The Banks and Prosperity," just
published.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18. (TP)—The
traditional gold standard is being
replaced by a "banker standard," in
the opinion of Lionel D. Edie, vice
president of the American Capitol
Corporation and formerly professor
of financo at the University of Chi
cago. •
This banker standard, by artifi
cially extending credit facilities be
yond reason and without regulation
virtually has prevented gold from
acting as the basis from which credit
should flow, Edie says in his book,
"The Banks and Prosperity," just
published.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18. (TP)—The
traditional gold standard is being
replaced by a "banker standard," in
the opinion of Lionel D. Edie, vice
president of the American Capitol
Corporation and formerly professor
of financo at the University of Chi
cago. •
This banker standard, by artifi
cially extending credit facilities be
yond reason and without regulation
virtually has prevented gold from
acting as the basis from which credit
should flow, Edie says in his book,
"The Banks and Prosperity," just
published.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18. (TP)—The
traditional gold standard is being
replaced by a "banker standard," in
the opinion of Lionel D. Edie, vice
president of the American Capitol
Corporation and formerly professor
of financo at the University of Chi
cago. •
This banker standard, by artifi
cially extending credit facilities be
yond reason and without regulation
virtually has prevented gold from
acting as the basis from which credit
should flow, Edie says in his book,
"The Banks and Prosperity," just
published.
