# NUMEROUS UNUSUAL JOBS OFFERED BY STUDENT AGENCY
## Flagpole Painters, Cooks In Great Demand By Local Employers 
### 
Since the story of the Staniord
student painting the huge flagpole
at the "Circle" in Palo Alto was
published in a Palo Alio paper, Mrs.
Irene Spenner of the student em
ployment office has received many
calls for flag-pole painters and men
to do other painting or odd jobs of
similar nature.
Calls for student employment are
becoming more numerous than at
registration time, while work is
scarcer than it has been for years.
More students are seeking jobs than
ever before, stated Mrs. Spenner
last week. .
Skilled work is greatly in demand
ibis year, several registered phar
macists having already been placed.
Two medical students work in hos
pitals on week-ends. Cooks are al
ways in demand.
The greatest call is for salesmen
working on a commission basis.
Some have already started taking
orders for Christmas trees and
Christmas cards. One man does well
selling neckties, while others have
sold many subscriptions to San
Francisco papers.
The purchase of a floor waxing
machine is providing one student
with a thriving business. Various
others are working as plumbers,
electricians, radio men, and nurse
maids. The employment office claims
to have really skilled carpenters and
painters on the lists.
Since the story of the Staniord
student painting the huge flagpole
at the "Circle" in Palo Alto was
published in a Palo Alio paper, Mrs.
Irene Spenner of the student em
ployment office has received many
calls for flag-pole painters and men
to do other painting or odd jobs of
similar nature.
Calls for student employment are
becoming more numerous than at
registration time, while work is
scarcer than it has been for years.
More students are seeking jobs than
ever before, stated Mrs. Spenner
last week. .
Skilled work is greatly in demand
ibis year, several registered phar
macists having already been placed.
Two medical students work in hos
pitals on week-ends. Cooks are al
ways in demand.
The greatest call is for salesmen
working on a commission basis.
Some have already started taking
orders for Christmas trees and
Christmas cards. One man does well
selling neckties, while others have
sold many subscriptions to San
Francisco papers.
The purchase of a floor waxing
machine is providing one student
with a thriving business. Various
others are working as plumbers,
electricians, radio men, and nurse
maids. The employment office claims
to have really skilled carpenters and
painters on the lists.
Since the story of the Staniord
student painting the huge flagpole
at the "Circle" in Palo Alto was
published in a Palo Alio paper, Mrs.
Irene Spenner of the student em
ployment office has received many
calls for flag-pole painters and men
to do other painting or odd jobs of
similar nature.
Calls for student employment are
becoming more numerous than at
registration time, while work is
scarcer than it has been for years.
More students are seeking jobs than
ever before, stated Mrs. Spenner
last week. .
Skilled work is greatly in demand
ibis year, several registered phar
macists having already been placed.
Two medical students work in hos
pitals on week-ends. Cooks are al
ways in demand.
The greatest call is for salesmen
working on a commission basis.
Some have already started taking
orders for Christmas trees and
Christmas cards. One man does well
selling neckties, while others have
sold many subscriptions to San
Francisco papers.
The purchase of a floor waxing
machine is providing one student
with a thriving business. Various
others are working as plumbers,
electricians, radio men, and nurse
maids. The employment office claims
to have really skilled carpenters and
painters on the lists.
Since the story of the Staniord
student painting the huge flagpole
at the "Circle" in Palo Alto was
published in a Palo Alio paper, Mrs.
Irene Spenner of the student em
ployment office has received many
calls for flag-pole painters and men
to do other painting or odd jobs of
similar nature.
Calls for student employment are
becoming more numerous than at
registration time, while work is
scarcer than it has been for years.
More students are seeking jobs than
ever before, stated Mrs. Spenner
last week. .
Skilled work is greatly in demand
ibis year, several registered phar
macists having already been placed.
Two medical students work in hos
pitals on week-ends. Cooks are al
ways in demand.
The greatest call is for salesmen
working on a commission basis.
Some have already started taking
orders for Christmas trees and
Christmas cards. One man does well
selling neckties, while others have
sold many subscriptions to San
Francisco papers.
The purchase of a floor waxing
machine is providing one student
with a thriving business. Various
others are working as plumbers,
electricians, radio men, and nurse
maids. The employment office claims
to have really skilled carpenters and
painters on the lists.
Since the story of the Staniord
student painting the huge flagpole
at the "Circle" in Palo Alto was
published in a Palo Alio paper, Mrs.
Irene Spenner of the student em
ployment office has received many
calls for flag-pole painters and men
to do other painting or odd jobs of
similar nature.
Calls for student employment are
becoming more numerous than at
registration time, while work is
scarcer than it has been for years.
More students are seeking jobs than
ever before, stated Mrs. Spenner
last week. .
Skilled work is greatly in demand
ibis year, several registered phar
macists having already been placed.
Two medical students work in hos
pitals on week-ends. Cooks are al
ways in demand.
The greatest call is for salesmen
working on a commission basis.
Some have already started taking
orders for Christmas trees and
Christmas cards. One man does well
selling neckties, while others have
sold many subscriptions to San
Francisco papers.
The purchase of a floor waxing
machine is providing one student
with a thriving business. Various
others are working as plumbers,
electricians, radio men, and nurse
maids. The employment office claims
to have really skilled carpenters and
painters on the lists.
Since the story of the Staniord
student painting the huge flagpole
at the "Circle" in Palo Alto was
published in a Palo Alio paper, Mrs.
Irene Spenner of the student em
ployment office has received many
calls for flag-pole painters and men
to do other painting or odd jobs of
similar nature.
Calls for student employment are
becoming more numerous than at
registration time, while work is
scarcer than it has been for years.
More students are seeking jobs than
ever before, stated Mrs. Spenner
last week. .
Skilled work is greatly in demand
ibis year, several registered phar
macists having already been placed.
Two medical students work in hos
pitals on week-ends. Cooks are al
ways in demand.
The greatest call is for salesmen
working on a commission basis.
Some have already started taking
orders for Christmas trees and
Christmas cards. One man does well
selling neckties, while others have
sold many subscriptions to San
Francisco papers.
The purchase of a floor waxing
machine is providing one student
with a thriving business. Various
others are working as plumbers,
electricians, radio men, and nurse
maids. The employment office claims
to have really skilled carpenters and
painters on the lists.
Since the story of the Staniord
student painting the huge flagpole
at the "Circle" in Palo Alto was
published in a Palo Alio paper, Mrs.
Irene Spenner of the student em
ployment office has received many
calls for flag-pole painters and men
to do other painting or odd jobs of
similar nature.
Calls for student employment are
becoming more numerous than at
registration time, while work is
scarcer than it has been for years.
More students are seeking jobs than
ever before, stated Mrs. Spenner
last week. .
Skilled work is greatly in demand
ibis year, several registered phar
macists having already been placed.
Two medical students work in hos
pitals on week-ends. Cooks are al
ways in demand.
The greatest call is for salesmen
working on a commission basis.
Some have already started taking
orders for Christmas trees and
Christmas cards. One man does well
selling neckties, while others have
sold many subscriptions to San
Francisco papers.
The purchase of a floor waxing
machine is providing one student
with a thriving business. Various
others are working as plumbers,
electricians, radio men, and nurse
maids. The employment office claims
to have really skilled carpenters and
painters on the lists.
Since the story of the Staniord
student painting the huge flagpole
at the "Circle" in Palo Alto was
published in a Palo Alio paper, Mrs.
Irene Spenner of the student em
ployment office has received many
calls for flag-pole painters and men
to do other painting or odd jobs of
similar nature.
Calls for student employment are
becoming more numerous than at
registration time, while work is
scarcer than it has been for years.
More students are seeking jobs than
ever before, stated Mrs. Spenner
last week. .
Skilled work is greatly in demand
ibis year, several registered phar
macists having already been placed.
Two medical students work in hos
pitals on week-ends. Cooks are al
ways in demand.
The greatest call is for salesmen
working on a commission basis.
Some have already started taking
orders for Christmas trees and
Christmas cards. One man does well
selling neckties, while others have
sold many subscriptions to San
Francisco papers.
The purchase of a floor waxing
machine is providing one student
with a thriving business. Various
others are working as plumbers,
electricians, radio men, and nurse
maids. The employment office claims
to have really skilled carpenters and
painters on the lists.
Since the story of the Staniord
student painting the huge flagpole
at the "Circle" in Palo Alto was
published in a Palo Alio paper, Mrs.
Irene Spenner of the student em
ployment office has received many
calls for flag-pole painters and men
to do other painting or odd jobs of
similar nature.
Calls for student employment are
becoming more numerous than at
registration time, while work is
scarcer than it has been for years.
More students are seeking jobs than
ever before, stated Mrs. Spenner
last week. .
Skilled work is greatly in demand
ibis year, several registered phar
macists having already been placed.
Two medical students work in hos
pitals on week-ends. Cooks are al
ways in demand.
The greatest call is for salesmen
working on a commission basis.
Some have already started taking
orders for Christmas trees and
Christmas cards. One man does well
selling neckties, while others have
sold many subscriptions to San
Francisco papers.
The purchase of a floor waxing
machine is providing one student
with a thriving business. Various
others are working as plumbers,
electricians, radio men, and nurse
maids. The employment office claims
to have really skilled carpenters and
painters on the lists.
Since the story of the Staniord
student painting the huge flagpole
at the "Circle" in Palo Alto was
published in a Palo Alio paper, Mrs.
Irene Spenner of the student em
ployment office has received many
calls for flag-pole painters and men
to do other painting or odd jobs of
similar nature.
Calls for student employment are
becoming more numerous than at
registration time, while work is
scarcer than it has been for years.
More students are seeking jobs than
ever before, stated Mrs. Spenner
last week. .
Skilled work is greatly in demand
ibis year, several registered phar
macists having already been placed.
Two medical students work in hos
pitals on week-ends. Cooks are al
ways in demand.
The greatest call is for salesmen
working on a commission basis.
Some have already started taking
orders for Christmas trees and
Christmas cards. One man does well
selling neckties, while others have
sold many subscriptions to San
Francisco papers.
The purchase of a floor waxing
machine is providing one student
with a thriving business. Various
others are working as plumbers,
electricians, radio men, and nurse
maids. The employment office claims
to have really skilled carpenters and
painters on the lists.
Since the story of the Staniord
student painting the huge flagpole
at the "Circle" in Palo Alto was
published in a Palo Alio paper, Mrs.
Irene Spenner of the student em
ployment office has received many
calls for flag-pole painters and men
to do other painting or odd jobs of
similar nature.
Calls for student employment are
becoming more numerous than at
registration time, while work is
scarcer than it has been for years.
More students are seeking jobs than
ever before, stated Mrs. Spenner
last week. .
Skilled work is greatly in demand
ibis year, several registered phar
macists having already been placed.
Two medical students work in hos
pitals on week-ends. Cooks are al
ways in demand.
The greatest call is for salesmen
working on a commission basis.
Some have already started taking
orders for Christmas trees and
Christmas cards. One man does well
selling neckties, while others have
sold many subscriptions to San
Francisco papers.
The purchase of a floor waxing
machine is providing one student
with a thriving business. Various
others are working as plumbers,
electricians, radio men, and nurse
maids. The employment office claims
to have really skilled carpenters and
painters on the lists.
Since the story of the Staniord
student painting the huge flagpole
at the "Circle" in Palo Alto was
published in a Palo Alio paper, Mrs.
Irene Spenner of the student em
ployment office has received many
calls for flag-pole painters and men
to do other painting or odd jobs of
similar nature.
Calls for student employment are
becoming more numerous than at
registration time, while work is
scarcer than it has been for years.
More students are seeking jobs than
ever before, stated Mrs. Spenner
last week. .
Skilled work is greatly in demand
ibis year, several registered phar
macists having already been placed.
Two medical students work in hos
pitals on week-ends. Cooks are al
ways in demand.
The greatest call is for salesmen
working on a commission basis.
Some have already started taking
orders for Christmas trees and
Christmas cards. One man does well
selling neckties, while others have
sold many subscriptions to San
Francisco papers.
The purchase of a floor waxing
machine is providing one student
with a thriving business. Various
others are working as plumbers,
electricians, radio men, and nurse
maids. The employment office claims
to have really skilled carpenters and
painters on the lists.
Since the story of the Staniord
student painting the huge flagpole
at the "Circle" in Palo Alto was
published in a Palo Alio paper, Mrs.
Irene Spenner of the student em
ployment office has received many
calls for flag-pole painters and men
to do other painting or odd jobs of
similar nature.
Calls for student employment are
becoming more numerous than at
registration time, while work is
scarcer than it has been for years.
More students are seeking jobs than
ever before, stated Mrs. Spenner
last week. .
Skilled work is greatly in demand
ibis year, several registered phar
macists having already been placed.
Two medical students work in hos
pitals on week-ends. Cooks are al
ways in demand.
The greatest call is for salesmen
working on a commission basis.
Some have already started taking
orders for Christmas trees and
Christmas cards. One man does well
selling neckties, while others have
sold many subscriptions to San
Francisco papers.
The purchase of a floor waxing
machine is providing one student
with a thriving business. Various
others are working as plumbers,
electricians, radio men, and nurse
maids. The employment office claims
to have really skilled carpenters and
painters on the lists.
Since the story of the Staniord
student painting the huge flagpole
at the "Circle" in Palo Alto was
published in a Palo Alio paper, Mrs.
Irene Spenner of the student em
ployment office has received many
calls for flag-pole painters and men
to do other painting or odd jobs of
similar nature.
Calls for student employment are
becoming more numerous than at
registration time, while work is
scarcer than it has been for years.
More students are seeking jobs than
ever before, stated Mrs. Spenner
last week. .
Skilled work is greatly in demand
ibis year, several registered phar
macists having already been placed.
Two medical students work in hos
pitals on week-ends. Cooks are al
ways in demand.
The greatest call is for salesmen
working on a commission basis.
Some have already started taking
orders for Christmas trees and
Christmas cards. One man does well
selling neckties, while others have
sold many subscriptions to San
Francisco papers.
The purchase of a floor waxing
machine is providing one student
with a thriving business. Various
others are working as plumbers,
electricians, radio men, and nurse
maids. The employment office claims
to have really skilled carpenters and
painters on the lists.
Since the story of the Staniord
student painting the huge flagpole
at the "Circle" in Palo Alto was
published in a Palo Alio paper, Mrs.
Irene Spenner of the student em
ployment office has received many
calls for flag-pole painters and men
to do other painting or odd jobs of
similar nature.
Calls for student employment are
becoming more numerous than at
registration time, while work is
scarcer than it has been for years.
More students are seeking jobs than
ever before, stated Mrs. Spenner
last week. .
Skilled work is greatly in demand
ibis year, several registered phar
macists having already been placed.
Two medical students work in hos
pitals on week-ends. Cooks are al
ways in demand.
The greatest call is for salesmen
working on a commission basis.
Some have already started taking
orders for Christmas trees and
Christmas cards. One man does well
selling neckties, while others have
sold many subscriptions to San
Francisco papers.
The purchase of a floor waxing
machine is providing one student
with a thriving business. Various
others are working as plumbers,
electricians, radio men, and nurse
maids. The employment office claims
to have really skilled carpenters and
painters on the lists.
