# DEBATERS MEET TODAY
## 
### 
Candidates for the freshman de
bating .squad will be called out to
morrow afternoon at 4 in room 202.
Tryouts for the position of freshman
debate manager are to report at the
i Debate Office between 1 and 3 to
morrow.
Persons afflicted with aphema can
think and write, but cannot speak.
Persons afflicted with agraphia can
think and speak, but cannot express
ideas in writing.
Candidates for the freshman de
bating .squad will be called out to
morrow afternoon at 4 in room 202.
Tryouts for the position of freshman
debate manager are to report at the
i Debate Office between 1 and 3 to
morrow.
Persons afflicted with aphema can
think and write, but cannot speak.
Persons afflicted with agraphia can
think and speak, but cannot express
ideas in writing.
Candidates for the freshman de
bating .squad will be called out to
morrow afternoon at 4 in room 202.
Tryouts for the position of freshman
debate manager are to report at the
i Debate Office between 1 and 3 to
morrow.
Persons afflicted with aphema can
think and write, but cannot speak.
Persons afflicted with agraphia can
think and speak, but cannot express
ideas in writing.
Candidates for the freshman de
bating .squad will be called out to
morrow afternoon at 4 in room 202.
Tryouts for the position of freshman
debate manager are to report at the
i Debate Office between 1 and 3 to
morrow.
Persons afflicted with aphema can
think and write, but cannot speak.
Persons afflicted with agraphia can
think and speak, but cannot express
ideas in writing.
Candidates for the freshman de
bating .squad will be called out to
morrow afternoon at 4 in room 202.
Tryouts for the position of freshman
debate manager are to report at the
i Debate Office between 1 and 3 to
morrow.
Persons afflicted with aphema can
think and write, but cannot speak.
Persons afflicted with agraphia can
think and speak, but cannot express
ideas in writing.
Candidates for the freshman de
bating .squad will be called out to
morrow afternoon at 4 in room 202.
Tryouts for the position of freshman
debate manager are to report at the
i Debate Office between 1 and 3 to
morrow.
Persons afflicted with aphema can
think and write, but cannot speak.
Persons afflicted with agraphia can
think and speak, but cannot express
ideas in writing.
Candidates for the freshman de
bating .squad will be called out to
morrow afternoon at 4 in room 202.
Tryouts for the position of freshman
debate manager are to report at the
i Debate Office between 1 and 3 to
morrow.
Persons afflicted with aphema can
think and write, but cannot speak.
Persons afflicted with agraphia can
think and speak, but cannot express
ideas in writing.
Candidates for the freshman de
bating .squad will be called out to
morrow afternoon at 4 in room 202.
Tryouts for the position of freshman
debate manager are to report at the
i Debate Office between 1 and 3 to
morrow.
Persons afflicted with aphema can
think and write, but cannot speak.
Persons afflicted with agraphia can
think and speak, but cannot express
ideas in writing.
Candidates for the freshman de
bating .squad will be called out to
morrow afternoon at 4 in room 202.
Tryouts for the position of freshman
debate manager are to report at the
i Debate Office between 1 and 3 to
morrow.
Persons afflicted with aphema can
think and write, but cannot speak.
Persons afflicted with agraphia can
think and speak, but cannot express
ideas in writing.
Candidates for the freshman de
bating .squad will be called out to
morrow afternoon at 4 in room 202.
Tryouts for the position of freshman
debate manager are to report at the
i Debate Office between 1 and 3 to
morrow.
Persons afflicted with aphema can
think and write, but cannot speak.
Persons afflicted with agraphia can
think and speak, but cannot express
ideas in writing.
Candidates for the freshman de
bating .squad will be called out to
morrow afternoon at 4 in room 202.
Tryouts for the position of freshman
debate manager are to report at the
i Debate Office between 1 and 3 to
morrow.
Persons afflicted with aphema can
think and write, but cannot speak.
Persons afflicted with agraphia can
think and speak, but cannot express
ideas in writing.
Candidates for the freshman de
bating .squad will be called out to
morrow afternoon at 4 in room 202.
Tryouts for the position of freshman
debate manager are to report at the
i Debate Office between 1 and 3 to
morrow.
Persons afflicted with aphema can
think and write, but cannot speak.
Persons afflicted with agraphia can
think and speak, but cannot express
ideas in writing.
Candidates for the freshman de
bating .squad will be called out to
morrow afternoon at 4 in room 202.
Tryouts for the position of freshman
debate manager are to report at the
i Debate Office between 1 and 3 to
morrow.
Persons afflicted with aphema can
think and write, but cannot speak.
Persons afflicted with agraphia can
think and speak, but cannot express
ideas in writing.
Candidates for the freshman de
bating .squad will be called out to
morrow afternoon at 4 in room 202.
Tryouts for the position of freshman
debate manager are to report at the
i Debate Office between 1 and 3 to
morrow.
Persons afflicted with aphema can
think and write, but cannot speak.
Persons afflicted with agraphia can
think and speak, but cannot express
ideas in writing.
Candidates for the freshman de
bating .squad will be called out to
morrow afternoon at 4 in room 202.
Tryouts for the position of freshman
debate manager are to report at the
i Debate Office between 1 and 3 to
morrow.
Persons afflicted with aphema can
think and write, but cannot speak.
Persons afflicted with agraphia can
think and speak, but cannot express
ideas in writing.
Candidates for the freshman de
bating .squad will be called out to
morrow afternoon at 4 in room 202.
Tryouts for the position of freshman
debate manager are to report at the
i Debate Office between 1 and 3 to
morrow.
Persons afflicted with aphema can
think and write, but cannot speak.
Persons afflicted with agraphia can
think and speak, but cannot express
ideas in writing.
