# PHI PSI PLEDGE
## 
### 
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Tom Hickey, '39.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Tom Hickey, '39.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Tom Hickey, '39.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Tom Hickey, '39.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Tom Hickey, '39.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Tom Hickey, '39.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Tom Hickey, '39.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Tom Hickey, '39.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Tom Hickey, '39.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Tom Hickey, '39.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Tom Hickey, '39.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Tom Hickey, '39.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Tom Hickey, '39.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Tom Hickey, '39.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Tom Hickey, '39.
Phi Kappa Psi announces the
pledging of Tom Hickey, '39.
