# Entries Open For Net Tournament
## 
### 
Entries \may be made in the Hahn
Novice Singles Tennis Tournament
any time this week until Friday,
October 8. The drawing will be held
on that day.
The tournament is open to all ten
nis players, good and bad, except
former frosh numei'al winners, var
sity lettermen, the first ten on the
varsity team, and the first five on
the freshman squad. Players are to
sign up on the bulletin board of the
Encina Gym. where the drawing will
be listed. The winner of the novice
tournament last year was Myron
Folsom.
Entries \may be made in the Hahn
Novice Singles Tennis Tournament
any time this week until Friday,
October 8. The drawing will be held
on that day.
The tournament is open to all ten
nis players, good and bad, except
former frosh numei'al winners, var
sity lettermen, the first ten on the
varsity team, and the first five on
the freshman squad. Players are to
sign up on the bulletin board of the
Encina Gym. where the drawing will
be listed. The winner of the novice
tournament last year was Myron
Folsom.
Entries \may be made in the Hahn
Novice Singles Tennis Tournament
any time this week until Friday,
October 8. The drawing will be held
on that day.
The tournament is open to all ten
nis players, good and bad, except
former frosh numei'al winners, var
sity lettermen, the first ten on the
varsity team, and the first five on
the freshman squad. Players are to
sign up on the bulletin board of the
Encina Gym. where the drawing will
be listed. The winner of the novice
tournament last year was Myron
Folsom.
Entries \may be made in the Hahn
Novice Singles Tennis Tournament
any time this week until Friday,
October 8. The drawing will be held
on that day.
The tournament is open to all ten
nis players, good and bad, except
former frosh numei'al winners, var
sity lettermen, the first ten on the
varsity team, and the first five on
the freshman squad. Players are to
sign up on the bulletin board of the
Encina Gym. where the drawing will
be listed. The winner of the novice
tournament last year was Myron
Folsom.
Entries \may be made in the Hahn
Novice Singles Tennis Tournament
any time this week until Friday,
October 8. The drawing will be held
on that day.
The tournament is open to all ten
nis players, good and bad, except
former frosh numei'al winners, var
sity lettermen, the first ten on the
varsity team, and the first five on
the freshman squad. Players are to
sign up on the bulletin board of the
Encina Gym. where the drawing will
be listed. The winner of the novice
tournament last year was Myron
Folsom.
Entries \may be made in the Hahn
Novice Singles Tennis Tournament
any time this week until Friday,
October 8. The drawing will be held
on that day.
The tournament is open to all ten
nis players, good and bad, except
former frosh numei'al winners, var
sity lettermen, the first ten on the
varsity team, and the first five on
the freshman squad. Players are to
sign up on the bulletin board of the
Encina Gym. where the drawing will
be listed. The winner of the novice
tournament last year was Myron
Folsom.
Entries \may be made in the Hahn
Novice Singles Tennis Tournament
any time this week until Friday,
October 8. The drawing will be held
on that day.
The tournament is open to all ten
nis players, good and bad, except
former frosh numei'al winners, var
sity lettermen, the first ten on the
varsity team, and the first five on
the freshman squad. Players are to
sign up on the bulletin board of the
Encina Gym. where the drawing will
be listed. The winner of the novice
tournament last year was Myron
Folsom.
Entries \may be made in the Hahn
Novice Singles Tennis Tournament
any time this week until Friday,
October 8. The drawing will be held
on that day.
The tournament is open to all ten
nis players, good and bad, except
former frosh numei'al winners, var
sity lettermen, the first ten on the
varsity team, and the first five on
the freshman squad. Players are to
sign up on the bulletin board of the
Encina Gym. where the drawing will
be listed. The winner of the novice
tournament last year was Myron
Folsom.
Entries \may be made in the Hahn
Novice Singles Tennis Tournament
any time this week until Friday,
October 8. The drawing will be held
on that day.
The tournament is open to all ten
nis players, good and bad, except
former frosh numei'al winners, var
sity lettermen, the first ten on the
varsity team, and the first five on
the freshman squad. Players are to
sign up on the bulletin board of the
Encina Gym. where the drawing will
be listed. The winner of the novice
tournament last year was Myron
Folsom.
Entries \may be made in the Hahn
Novice Singles Tennis Tournament
any time this week until Friday,
October 8. The drawing will be held
on that day.
The tournament is open to all ten
nis players, good and bad, except
former frosh numei'al winners, var
sity lettermen, the first ten on the
varsity team, and the first five on
the freshman squad. Players are to
sign up on the bulletin board of the
Encina Gym. where the drawing will
be listed. The winner of the novice
tournament last year was Myron
Folsom.
Entries \may be made in the Hahn
Novice Singles Tennis Tournament
any time this week until Friday,
October 8. The drawing will be held
on that day.
The tournament is open to all ten
nis players, good and bad, except
former frosh numei'al winners, var
sity lettermen, the first ten on the
varsity team, and the first five on
the freshman squad. Players are to
sign up on the bulletin board of the
Encina Gym. where the drawing will
be listed. The winner of the novice
tournament last year was Myron
Folsom.
Entries \may be made in the Hahn
Novice Singles Tennis Tournament
any time this week until Friday,
October 8. The drawing will be held
on that day.
The tournament is open to all ten
nis players, good and bad, except
former frosh numei'al winners, var
sity lettermen, the first ten on the
varsity team, and the first five on
the freshman squad. Players are to
sign up on the bulletin board of the
Encina Gym. where the drawing will
be listed. The winner of the novice
tournament last year was Myron
Folsom.
Entries \may be made in the Hahn
Novice Singles Tennis Tournament
any time this week until Friday,
October 8. The drawing will be held
on that day.
The tournament is open to all ten
nis players, good and bad, except
former frosh numei'al winners, var
sity lettermen, the first ten on the
varsity team, and the first five on
the freshman squad. Players are to
sign up on the bulletin board of the
Encina Gym. where the drawing will
be listed. The winner of the novice
tournament last year was Myron
Folsom.
Entries \may be made in the Hahn
Novice Singles Tennis Tournament
any time this week until Friday,
October 8. The drawing will be held
on that day.
The tournament is open to all ten
nis players, good and bad, except
former frosh numei'al winners, var
sity lettermen, the first ten on the
varsity team, and the first five on
the freshman squad. Players are to
sign up on the bulletin board of the
Encina Gym. where the drawing will
be listed. The winner of the novice
tournament last year was Myron
Folsom.
Entries \may be made in the Hahn
Novice Singles Tennis Tournament
any time this week until Friday,
October 8. The drawing will be held
on that day.
The tournament is open to all ten
nis players, good and bad, except
former frosh numei'al winners, var
sity lettermen, the first ten on the
varsity team, and the first five on
the freshman squad. Players are to
sign up on the bulletin board of the
Encina Gym. where the drawing will
be listed. The winner of the novice
tournament last year was Myron
Folsom.
Entries \may be made in the Hahn
Novice Singles Tennis Tournament
any time this week until Friday,
October 8. The drawing will be held
on that day.
The tournament is open to all ten
nis players, good and bad, except
former frosh numei'al winners, var
sity lettermen, the first ten on the
varsity team, and the first five on
the freshman squad. Players are to
sign up on the bulletin board of the
Encina Gym. where the drawing will
be listed. The winner of the novice
tournament last year was Myron
Folsom.
