# Correction
## 
### 
In yesterday's arti
cle, "Exiled alum vies
for presidency in Mal
dives," Mohammed
Waheed was incorrect
ly referred to as "Mo
hammed Waheen."
In yesterday's arti
cle, "Exiled alum vies
for presidency in Mal
dives," Mohammed
Waheed was incorrect
ly referred to as "Mo
hammed Waheen."
In yesterday's arti
cle, "Exiled alum vies
for presidency in Mal
dives," Mohammed
Waheed was incorrect
ly referred to as "Mo
hammed Waheen."
In yesterday's arti
cle, "Exiled alum vies
for presidency in Mal
dives," Mohammed
Waheed was incorrect
ly referred to as "Mo
hammed Waheen."
In yesterday's arti
cle, "Exiled alum vies
for presidency in Mal
dives," Mohammed
Waheed was incorrect
ly referred to as "Mo
hammed Waheen."
In yesterday's arti
cle, "Exiled alum vies
for presidency in Mal
dives," Mohammed
Waheed was incorrect
ly referred to as "Mo
hammed Waheen."
