# Athletic Committee Meeting.
## 
### 
At the last meeting of the Ath
letic Committee C. M. Fickert, '98,
captain of the football eleven in
1896 and head coach in 1901, was
elected alternate to the Intercol
legiate Athletic Committee. The
choosing of the official baseball
scorer was left to Captain Brown.
Heretofore the scorer has been ap
pointed by the Athletic Committee.
At the last meeting of the Ath
letic Committee C. M. Fickert, '98,
captain of the football eleven in
1896 and head coach in 1901, was
elected alternate to the Intercol
legiate Athletic Committee. The
choosing of the official baseball
scorer was left to Captain Brown.
Heretofore the scorer has been ap
pointed by the Athletic Committee.
At the last meeting of the Ath
letic Committee C. M. Fickert, '98,
captain of the football eleven in
1896 and head coach in 1901, was
elected alternate to the Intercol
legiate Athletic Committee. The
choosing of the official baseball
scorer was left to Captain Brown.
Heretofore the scorer has been ap
pointed by the Athletic Committee.
At the last meeting of the Ath
letic Committee C. M. Fickert, '98,
captain of the football eleven in
1896 and head coach in 1901, was
elected alternate to the Intercol
legiate Athletic Committee. The
choosing of the official baseball
scorer was left to Captain Brown.
Heretofore the scorer has been ap
pointed by the Athletic Committee.
At the last meeting of the Ath
letic Committee C. M. Fickert, '98,
captain of the football eleven in
1896 and head coach in 1901, was
elected alternate to the Intercol
legiate Athletic Committee. The
choosing of the official baseball
scorer was left to Captain Brown.
Heretofore the scorer has been ap
pointed by the Athletic Committee.
At the last meeting of the Ath
letic Committee C. M. Fickert, '98,
captain of the football eleven in
1896 and head coach in 1901, was
elected alternate to the Intercol
legiate Athletic Committee. The
choosing of the official baseball
scorer was left to Captain Brown.
Heretofore the scorer has been ap
pointed by the Athletic Committee.
At the last meeting of the Ath
letic Committee C. M. Fickert, '98,
captain of the football eleven in
1896 and head coach in 1901, was
elected alternate to the Intercol
legiate Athletic Committee. The
choosing of the official baseball
scorer was left to Captain Brown.
Heretofore the scorer has been ap
pointed by the Athletic Committee.
At the last meeting of the Ath
letic Committee C. M. Fickert, '98,
captain of the football eleven in
1896 and head coach in 1901, was
elected alternate to the Intercol
legiate Athletic Committee. The
choosing of the official baseball
scorer was left to Captain Brown.
Heretofore the scorer has been ap
pointed by the Athletic Committee.
