# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The regents at California ap
propriated three hundred dollars to
buy new instruments for the uni
versity band.
—The regents at California ap
propriated three hundred dollars to
buy new instruments for the uni
versity band.
—The regents at California ap
propriated three hundred dollars to
buy new instruments for the uni
versity band.
—The regents at California ap
propriated three hundred dollars to
buy new instruments for the uni
versity band.
—The regents at California ap
propriated three hundred dollars to
buy new instruments for the uni
versity band.
—The regents at California ap
propriated three hundred dollars to
buy new instruments for the uni
versity band.
—The regents at California ap
propriated three hundred dollars to
buy new instruments for the uni
versity band.
—The regents at California ap
propriated three hundred dollars to
buy new instruments for the uni
versity band.
