# Untitled Article
## 
### 
In light of the repeated viola
tions of the notice issued from the
President's oflice recently, it is
again necessary to call the atten
tion of bicyclists to the fact that
wheels are not supposed to be used
on either the arcades, Memorial
Court, or the large pavements on
the interior of the quadrangle.
In light of the repeated viola
tions of the notice issued from the
President's oflice recently, it is
again necessary to call the atten
tion of bicyclists to the fact that
wheels are not supposed to be used
on either the arcades, Memorial
Court, or the large pavements on
the interior of the quadrangle.
In light of the repeated viola
tions of the notice issued from the
President's oflice recently, it is
again necessary to call the atten
tion of bicyclists to the fact that
wheels are not supposed to be used
on either the arcades, Memorial
Court, or the large pavements on
the interior of the quadrangle.
In light of the repeated viola
tions of the notice issued from the
President's oflice recently, it is
again necessary to call the atten
tion of bicyclists to the fact that
wheels are not supposed to be used
on either the arcades, Memorial
Court, or the large pavements on
the interior of the quadrangle.
In light of the repeated viola
tions of the notice issued from the
President's oflice recently, it is
again necessary to call the atten
tion of bicyclists to the fact that
wheels are not supposed to be used
on either the arcades, Memorial
Court, or the large pavements on
the interior of the quadrangle.
In light of the repeated viola
tions of the notice issued from the
President's oflice recently, it is
again necessary to call the atten
tion of bicyclists to the fact that
wheels are not supposed to be used
on either the arcades, Memorial
Court, or the large pavements on
the interior of the quadrangle.
In light of the repeated viola
tions of the notice issued from the
President's oflice recently, it is
again necessary to call the atten
tion of bicyclists to the fact that
wheels are not supposed to be used
on either the arcades, Memorial
Court, or the large pavements on
the interior of the quadrangle.
In light of the repeated viola
tions of the notice issued from the
President's oflice recently, it is
again necessary to call the atten
tion of bicyclists to the fact that
wheels are not supposed to be used
on either the arcades, Memorial
Court, or the large pavements on
the interior of the quadrangle.
