# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The president of the Senior class
is to be congratulated on the very
prompt appointment of the Com
mencement Week committees, an
example that can well be followed
by subsequent officers of classes.
The make-up of the committees
shows a commendable labor and a
non-partisan spirit that may. well
be emulated. In past years this
business sometimes has been too
long delayed. Such slowness neces
sarily involved greater haste on the
part of the committeemen. The
Senior class has a problem to face
which is peculiarly hard. In their
endeavor to make the last week of
their college career full of events
worthy of the class, they will be
handicapped by a lack of funds.
President Moore has done well in
appointing his committee early in
order that they may have sufficient
time to get ready for the festivities.
