# Graduate Women Will Be Guests at Alumnae Tea
## 
### 
Graduate women in the University
will be guests at the first Resident
Alumnae tea of the quarter, to be
given at the Women's Clubhouse,
Wednesday afternoon from 4 to 6.
The executive committee of the as
sociation will be hostesses for the af
ternoon. Those who will be in charge
include Mrs. George Morell, president;
Miss Dorothy Putnam, vice-president;
Miss Jeannette Hitchcock, secretary
treasurer; and Mrs. A. T. Whitaker,
Miss Alice Hayes, and Mrs. W. A.
Mudgett. A business meeting will pre
cede the tea.
All reservations for teas during the
quarter are to be made with Mrs. E. R.
Ewell at the clubhouse. Mrs. David
Martin is tea chairman for this year
and will select the hostesses for the
various days.
