# Adv. 26 Page 4
## 
### 
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
-fr AIRLINES
■i< STEAMSHIP LINES
■U AMERICAN EXPRESS
-ft THOMAS COOK
i SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
-fr AIRLINES
■i< STEAMSHIP LINES
■U AMERICAN EXPRESS
-ft THOMAS COOK
i SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
-fr AIRLINES
■i< STEAMSHIP LINES
■U AMERICAN EXPRESS
-ft THOMAS COOK
i SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
-fr AIRLINES
■i< STEAMSHIP LINES
■U AMERICAN EXPRESS
-ft THOMAS COOK
i SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
-fr AIRLINES
■i< STEAMSHIP LINES
■U AMERICAN EXPRESS
-ft THOMAS COOK
i SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
-fr AIRLINES
■i< STEAMSHIP LINES
■U AMERICAN EXPRESS
-ft THOMAS COOK
i SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
-fr AIRLINES
■i< STEAMSHIP LINES
■U AMERICAN EXPRESS
-ft THOMAS COOK
i SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
-fr AIRLINES
■i< STEAMSHIP LINES
■U AMERICAN EXPRESS
-ft THOMAS COOK
i SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
-fr AIRLINES
■i< STEAMSHIP LINES
■U AMERICAN EXPRESS
-ft THOMAS COOK
i SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
-fr AIRLINES
■i< STEAMSHIP LINES
■U AMERICAN EXPRESS
-ft THOMAS COOK
i SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
-fr AIRLINES
■i< STEAMSHIP LINES
■U AMERICAN EXPRESS
-ft THOMAS COOK
i SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
-fr AIRLINES
■i< STEAMSHIP LINES
■U AMERICAN EXPRESS
-ft THOMAS COOK
i SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
-fr AIRLINES
■i< STEAMSHIP LINES
■U AMERICAN EXPRESS
-ft THOMAS COOK
i SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
-fr AIRLINES
■i< STEAMSHIP LINES
■U AMERICAN EXPRESS
-ft THOMAS COOK
i SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
Dl SALVO'S
BARBER SHOP
formerly of the Waldorf
EXPERT WORKMANSHIP
COURTEOUS SERVICE
PALO ALTO
INTERNATIONAL
TOURING
ARRANGEMENTS
-fr AIRLINES
■i< STEAMSHIP LINES
■U AMERICAN EXPRESS
-ft THOMAS COOK
i SITA
Student groups and/or
individual tours
STANFORD
CRUISE-TOURS
542 Ramona DA 4-1691
Watch /or us in the new
shopping center on
the campus
