# Chaparral
## 
### 
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in working
on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tonight
at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in working
on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tonight
at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in working
on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tonight
at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in working
on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tonight
at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in working
on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tonight
at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in working
on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tonight
at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in working
on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tonight
at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in working
on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tonight
at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in working
on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tonight
at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in working
on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tonight
at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in working
on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tonight
at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in working
on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tonight
at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in working
on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tonight
at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in working
on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tonight
at 7:30.
Editors of the Stanford Chaparral
invite all those interested in working
on the staff to attend an informal
meeting at the Chappie office tonight
at 7:30.
