# AWS Chooses Standing Corns
## 
### 
AWS has announced that the fol
lowing have been chosen as mem
bers of the AWS standing commit
tees:
Elections Committee: Heather Al
exander, Mariposa; Sue Bauer, La
gunita; Bev Brown, Jordan; Pat
Dalgard, Ventura; Mary Jo Elliott,
off - campus; and Sonya Hamburg,
Lagunita.
Housing Committee: Rose Ann
Taormina, secretary. Other mem
bers: Lucy Gray, Lagunita; Gail Jo
hannes, Hawthorne; Luanne Kirk
patrick, Ventura; and Nancy Rose
lyn, Jordan.
Scholarship Committee: Mary Lou
Calhoun, Durand; Higgie Havens,
Mariposa; Moreen Laird, Lagunita;
and Donna Helen Mac Donald, Ven
tura.
Social Regulations Committee:
Marcia Ewing, Union; Joyce Grier,
Guthrie; Ginger Miller, Lagunita;
Meredith Noble, Lathrop; and Lynn
Romney, Ventura.
Freshman members of the com
mittees will be chosen later.
