# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Union Residence announces the
engagement ol G retch en Frejizel,
'57, to John Benedict, graduate stu
dent.
Union Residence announces the
engagement ol G retch en Frejizel,
'57, to John Benedict, graduate stu
dent.
Union Residence announces the
engagement ol G retch en Frejizel,
'57, to John Benedict, graduate stu
dent.
Union Residence announces the
engagement ol G retch en Frejizel,
'57, to John Benedict, graduate stu
dent.
Union Residence announces the
engagement ol G retch en Frejizel,
'57, to John Benedict, graduate stu
dent.
Union Residence announces the
engagement ol G retch en Frejizel,
'57, to John Benedict, graduate stu
dent.
Union Residence announces the
engagement ol G retch en Frejizel,
'57, to John Benedict, graduate stu
dent.
Union Residence announces the
engagement ol G retch en Frejizel,
'57, to John Benedict, graduate stu
dent.
Union Residence announces the
engagement ol G retch en Frejizel,
'57, to John Benedict, graduate stu
dent.
Union Residence announces the
engagement ol G retch en Frejizel,
'57, to John Benedict, graduate stu
dent.
Union Residence announces the
engagement ol G retch en Frejizel,
'57, to John Benedict, graduate stu
dent.
Union Residence announces the
engagement ol G retch en Frejizel,
'57, to John Benedict, graduate stu
dent.
Union Residence announces the
engagement ol G retch en Frejizel,
'57, to John Benedict, graduate stu
dent.
Union Residence announces the
engagement ol G retch en Frejizel,
'57, to John Benedict, graduate stu
dent.
Union Residence announces the
engagement ol G retch en Frejizel,
'57, to John Benedict, graduate stu
dent.
