# Pub Rel
## 
### 
Applications for Public Relations
Board interviews are now available
in the ASSU office.
The interviews will be held this
afternoon and evening in the Pub
Rel Board office.
Applications for Public Relations
Board interviews are now available
in the ASSU office.
The interviews will be held this
afternoon and evening in the Pub
Rel Board office.
Applications for Public Relations
Board interviews are now available
in the ASSU office.
The interviews will be held this
afternoon and evening in the Pub
Rel Board office.
Applications for Public Relations
Board interviews are now available
in the ASSU office.
The interviews will be held this
afternoon and evening in the Pub
Rel Board office.
Applications for Public Relations
Board interviews are now available
in the ASSU office.
The interviews will be held this
afternoon and evening in the Pub
Rel Board office.
Applications for Public Relations
Board interviews are now available
in the ASSU office.
The interviews will be held this
afternoon and evening in the Pub
Rel Board office.
Applications for Public Relations
Board interviews are now available
in the ASSU office.
The interviews will be held this
afternoon and evening in the Pub
Rel Board office.
Applications for Public Relations
Board interviews are now available
in the ASSU office.
The interviews will be held this
afternoon and evening in the Pub
Rel Board office.
Applications for Public Relations
Board interviews are now available
in the ASSU office.
The interviews will be held this
afternoon and evening in the Pub
Rel Board office.
Applications for Public Relations
Board interviews are now available
in the ASSU office.
The interviews will be held this
afternoon and evening in the Pub
Rel Board office.
Applications for Public Relations
Board interviews are now available
in the ASSU office.
The interviews will be held this
afternoon and evening in the Pub
Rel Board office.
Applications for Public Relations
Board interviews are now available
in the ASSU office.
The interviews will be held this
afternoon and evening in the Pub
Rel Board office.
Applications for Public Relations
Board interviews are now available
in the ASSU office.
The interviews will be held this
afternoon and evening in the Pub
Rel Board office.
Applications for Public Relations
Board interviews are now available
in the ASSU office.
The interviews will be held this
afternoon and evening in the Pub
Rel Board office.
Applications for Public Relations
Board interviews are now available
in the ASSU office.
The interviews will be held this
afternoon and evening in the Pub
Rel Board office.
