# Adv. 25 Page 11
## 
### 
local housing during remodel
April-mid June. 650-207-0400
SEEK 08-09 SABBATICAL HOUSING:
Stanford alums seek 3-4 bedroom
furnished rental from 8/08-7/09
either on Stanford campus or in
Palo Alto. We are responsible
homeowners ourselves, with three
well-behaved children, no pets,
no smokers, and excellent credit
andrefs. Emailtcm@cs.cmu.edu
LEARN TO FLY! Palo Alto Airport
Call or email for intra flight/
lessons. Sue 415.845.1058
skytrekker2oo@sbcglobal. net
Students needed for bookstore
focus group, 2 sessions (1 -2 hrs
each), food and gift card
provided, interested, email your
name, year & day/time pref to
s.zapko@bookstore.stanford.org
