# WELLES ARRIVES IN BERLIN
## 
### 

THIS RADIOPHOTO shows Sumner Welles, U.S. envoy extraordinary,
arriving in Berlin and being greeted by Baron Ernst von Wei/.sacker,
German chief of protocol. Welles later received Hitler's "peace on my
terms" message.

THIS RADIOPHOTO shows Sumner Welles, U.S. envoy extraordinary,
arriving in Berlin and being greeted by Baron Ernst von Wei/.sacker,
German chief of protocol. Welles later received Hitler's "peace on my
terms" message.

THIS RADIOPHOTO shows Sumner Welles, U.S. envoy extraordinary,
arriving in Berlin and being greeted by Baron Ernst von Wei/.sacker,
German chief of protocol. Welles later received Hitler's "peace on my
terms" message.

THIS RADIOPHOTO shows Sumner Welles, U.S. envoy extraordinary,
arriving in Berlin and being greeted by Baron Ernst von Wei/.sacker,
German chief of protocol. Welles later received Hitler's "peace on my
terms" message.

THIS RADIOPHOTO shows Sumner Welles, U.S. envoy extraordinary,
arriving in Berlin and being greeted by Baron Ernst von Wei/.sacker,
German chief of protocol. Welles later received Hitler's "peace on my
terms" message.

THIS RADIOPHOTO shows Sumner Welles, U.S. envoy extraordinary,
arriving in Berlin and being greeted by Baron Ernst von Wei/.sacker,
German chief of protocol. Welles later received Hitler's "peace on my
terms" message.

THIS RADIOPHOTO shows Sumner Welles, U.S. envoy extraordinary,
arriving in Berlin and being greeted by Baron Ernst von Wei/.sacker,
German chief of protocol. Welles later received Hitler's "peace on my
terms" message.

THIS RADIOPHOTO shows Sumner Welles, U.S. envoy extraordinary,
arriving in Berlin and being greeted by Baron Ernst von Wei/.sacker,
German chief of protocol. Welles later received Hitler's "peace on my
terms" message.

THIS RADIOPHOTO shows Sumner Welles, U.S. envoy extraordinary,
arriving in Berlin and being greeted by Baron Ernst von Wei/.sacker,
German chief of protocol. Welles later received Hitler's "peace on my
terms" message.

THIS RADIOPHOTO shows Sumner Welles, U.S. envoy extraordinary,
arriving in Berlin and being greeted by Baron Ernst von Wei/.sacker,
German chief of protocol. Welles later received Hitler's "peace on my
terms" message.

THIS RADIOPHOTO shows Sumner Welles, U.S. envoy extraordinary,
arriving in Berlin and being greeted by Baron Ernst von Wei/.sacker,
German chief of protocol. Welles later received Hitler's "peace on my
terms" message.

THIS RADIOPHOTO shows Sumner Welles, U.S. envoy extraordinary,
arriving in Berlin and being greeted by Baron Ernst von Wei/.sacker,
German chief of protocol. Welles later received Hitler's "peace on my
terms" message.

THIS RADIOPHOTO shows Sumner Welles, U.S. envoy extraordinary,
arriving in Berlin and being greeted by Baron Ernst von Wei/.sacker,
German chief of protocol. Welles later received Hitler's "peace on my
terms" message.

THIS RADIOPHOTO shows Sumner Welles, U.S. envoy extraordinary,
arriving in Berlin and being greeted by Baron Ernst von Wei/.sacker,
German chief of protocol. Welles later received Hitler's "peace on my
terms" message.

THIS RADIOPHOTO shows Sumner Welles, U.S. envoy extraordinary,
arriving in Berlin and being greeted by Baron Ernst von Wei/.sacker,
German chief of protocol. Welles later received Hitler's "peace on my
terms" message.

THIS RADIOPHOTO shows Sumner Welles, U.S. envoy extraordinary,
arriving in Berlin and being greeted by Baron Ernst von Wei/.sacker,
German chief of protocol. Welles later received Hitler's "peace on my
terms" message.

THIS RADIOPHOTO shows Sumner Welles, U.S. envoy extraordinary,
arriving in Berlin and being greeted by Baron Ernst von Wei/.sacker,
German chief of protocol. Welles later received Hitler's "peace on my
terms" message.
