# PLANES FIND POACHERS
## 
### 
MISSOULA, Mont., March 5 (UP).
—The field of aviation has been ex
tended to running down game poach
ers. Ranger Dave Kyle, riding for
the Idaho State Game Commission,
is able to spot snow-shoe tracks,
where there shouldn't be any, and
by following them locates the hide
out of the poachers, usually well
■ticked with deer carcasses and
other out-of-season animals.
MISSOULA, Mont., March 5 (UP).
—The field of aviation has been ex
tended to running down game poach
ers. Ranger Dave Kyle, riding for
the Idaho State Game Commission,
is able to spot snow-shoe tracks,
where there shouldn't be any, and
by following them locates the hide
out of the poachers, usually well
■ticked with deer carcasses and
other out-of-season animals.
MISSOULA, Mont., March 5 (UP).
—The field of aviation has been ex
tended to running down game poach
ers. Ranger Dave Kyle, riding for
the Idaho State Game Commission,
is able to spot snow-shoe tracks,
where there shouldn't be any, and
by following them locates the hide
out of the poachers, usually well
■ticked with deer carcasses and
other out-of-season animals.
MISSOULA, Mont., March 5 (UP).
—The field of aviation has been ex
tended to running down game poach
ers. Ranger Dave Kyle, riding for
the Idaho State Game Commission,
is able to spot snow-shoe tracks,
where there shouldn't be any, and
by following them locates the hide
out of the poachers, usually well
■ticked with deer carcasses and
other out-of-season animals.
MISSOULA, Mont., March 5 (UP).
—The field of aviation has been ex
tended to running down game poach
ers. Ranger Dave Kyle, riding for
the Idaho State Game Commission,
is able to spot snow-shoe tracks,
where there shouldn't be any, and
by following them locates the hide
out of the poachers, usually well
■ticked with deer carcasses and
other out-of-season animals.
MISSOULA, Mont., March 5 (UP).
—The field of aviation has been ex
tended to running down game poach
ers. Ranger Dave Kyle, riding for
the Idaho State Game Commission,
is able to spot snow-shoe tracks,
where there shouldn't be any, and
by following them locates the hide
out of the poachers, usually well
■ticked with deer carcasses and
other out-of-season animals.
MISSOULA, Mont., March 5 (UP).
—The field of aviation has been ex
tended to running down game poach
ers. Ranger Dave Kyle, riding for
the Idaho State Game Commission,
is able to spot snow-shoe tracks,
where there shouldn't be any, and
by following them locates the hide
out of the poachers, usually well
■ticked with deer carcasses and
other out-of-season animals.
MISSOULA, Mont., March 5 (UP).
—The field of aviation has been ex
tended to running down game poach
ers. Ranger Dave Kyle, riding for
the Idaho State Game Commission,
is able to spot snow-shoe tracks,
where there shouldn't be any, and
by following them locates the hide
out of the poachers, usually well
■ticked with deer carcasses and
other out-of-season animals.
MISSOULA, Mont., March 5 (UP).
—The field of aviation has been ex
tended to running down game poach
ers. Ranger Dave Kyle, riding for
the Idaho State Game Commission,
is able to spot snow-shoe tracks,
where there shouldn't be any, and
by following them locates the hide
out of the poachers, usually well
■ticked with deer carcasses and
other out-of-season animals.
MISSOULA, Mont., March 5 (UP).
—The field of aviation has been ex
tended to running down game poach
ers. Ranger Dave Kyle, riding for
the Idaho State Game Commission,
is able to spot snow-shoe tracks,
where there shouldn't be any, and
by following them locates the hide
out of the poachers, usually well
■ticked with deer carcasses and
other out-of-season animals.
MISSOULA, Mont., March 5 (UP).
—The field of aviation has been ex
tended to running down game poach
ers. Ranger Dave Kyle, riding for
the Idaho State Game Commission,
is able to spot snow-shoe tracks,
where there shouldn't be any, and
by following them locates the hide
out of the poachers, usually well
■ticked with deer carcasses and
other out-of-season animals.
MISSOULA, Mont., March 5 (UP).
—The field of aviation has been ex
tended to running down game poach
ers. Ranger Dave Kyle, riding for
the Idaho State Game Commission,
is able to spot snow-shoe tracks,
where there shouldn't be any, and
by following them locates the hide
out of the poachers, usually well
■ticked with deer carcasses and
other out-of-season animals.
MISSOULA, Mont., March 5 (UP).
—The field of aviation has been ex
tended to running down game poach
ers. Ranger Dave Kyle, riding for
the Idaho State Game Commission,
is able to spot snow-shoe tracks,
where there shouldn't be any, and
by following them locates the hide
out of the poachers, usually well
■ticked with deer carcasses and
other out-of-season animals.
MISSOULA, Mont., March 5 (UP).
—The field of aviation has been ex
tended to running down game poach
ers. Ranger Dave Kyle, riding for
the Idaho State Game Commission,
is able to spot snow-shoe tracks,
where there shouldn't be any, and
by following them locates the hide
out of the poachers, usually well
■ticked with deer carcasses and
other out-of-season animals.
MISSOULA, Mont., March 5 (UP).
—The field of aviation has been ex
tended to running down game poach
ers. Ranger Dave Kyle, riding for
the Idaho State Game Commission,
is able to spot snow-shoe tracks,
where there shouldn't be any, and
by following them locates the hide
out of the poachers, usually well
■ticked with deer carcasses and
other out-of-season animals.
MISSOULA, Mont., March 5 (UP).
—The field of aviation has been ex
tended to running down game poach
ers. Ranger Dave Kyle, riding for
the Idaho State Game Commission,
is able to spot snow-shoe tracks,
where there shouldn't be any, and
by following them locates the hide
out of the poachers, usually well
■ticked with deer carcasses and
other out-of-season animals.
MISSOULA, Mont., March 5 (UP).
—The field of aviation has been ex
tended to running down game poach
ers. Ranger Dave Kyle, riding for
the Idaho State Game Commission,
is able to spot snow-shoe tracks,
where there shouldn't be any, and
by following them locates the hide
out of the poachers, usually well
■ticked with deer carcasses and
other out-of-season animals.
