# Women's Vocom To Meet Monday
## 
### 
Women's Vocom will hold its last
meeting on Monday, March 11, in
stead of on the usual Wednesday
night. * Ex Committee granted spe
cial permission to hold the meeting
on this date despite its falling in the
week before finals.
Women's living groups also agreed
to excuse members from house meet
ings in order to attend the session.
Notices of the event have been sent
to one member in each group, ac
cording to Ethelmae Davis, chairman
of the meeting. She asks that the
member to whom the card is ad
dressed tell others in her group
about the meeting, and that the
members discuss and turn in ques
tions they would like to have an
swered.

"How to Apply for a Job" is the
subject which will be discussed by
Rae Schander, personnel director for
women of the pacific Telephone ;md
Telegraph Company; Lillian Owens,
secretary of the Graduate School of
Business; and Ruth Tracksell of the
Stanford Appointment Service. Dr.
Karl M. Cowdery, associate regis
trar, will lead the quiz session.
Women's Vocom will hold its last
meeting on Monday, March 11, in
stead of on the usual Wednesday
night. * Ex Committee granted spe
cial permission to hold the meeting
on this date despite its falling in the
week before finals.
Women's living groups also agreed
to excuse members from house meet
ings in order to attend the session.
Notices of the event have been sent
to one member in each group, ac
cording to Ethelmae Davis, chairman
of the meeting. She asks that the
member to whom the card is ad
dressed tell others in her group
about the meeting, and that the
members discuss and turn in ques
tions they would like to have an
swered.

"How to Apply for a Job" is the
subject which will be discussed by
Rae Schander, personnel director for
women of the pacific Telephone ;md
Telegraph Company; Lillian Owens,
secretary of the Graduate School of
Business; and Ruth Tracksell of the
Stanford Appointment Service. Dr.
Karl M. Cowdery, associate regis
trar, will lead the quiz session.
Women's Vocom will hold its last
meeting on Monday, March 11, in
stead of on the usual Wednesday
night. * Ex Committee granted spe
cial permission to hold the meeting
on this date despite its falling in the
week before finals.
Women's living groups also agreed
to excuse members from house meet
ings in order to attend the session.
Notices of the event have been sent
to one member in each group, ac
cording to Ethelmae Davis, chairman
of the meeting. She asks that the
member to whom the card is ad
dressed tell others in her group
about the meeting, and that the
members discuss and turn in ques
tions they would like to have an
swered.

"How to Apply for a Job" is the
subject which will be discussed by
Rae Schander, personnel director for
women of the pacific Telephone ;md
Telegraph Company; Lillian Owens,
secretary of the Graduate School of
Business; and Ruth Tracksell of the
Stanford Appointment Service. Dr.
Karl M. Cowdery, associate regis
trar, will lead the quiz session.
Women's Vocom will hold its last
meeting on Monday, March 11, in
stead of on the usual Wednesday
night. * Ex Committee granted spe
cial permission to hold the meeting
on this date despite its falling in the
week before finals.
Women's living groups also agreed
to excuse members from house meet
ings in order to attend the session.
Notices of the event have been sent
to one member in each group, ac
cording to Ethelmae Davis, chairman
of the meeting. She asks that the
member to whom the card is ad
dressed tell others in her group
about the meeting, and that the
members discuss and turn in ques
tions they would like to have an
swered.

"How to Apply for a Job" is the
subject which will be discussed by
Rae Schander, personnel director for
women of the pacific Telephone ;md
Telegraph Company; Lillian Owens,
secretary of the Graduate School of
Business; and Ruth Tracksell of the
Stanford Appointment Service. Dr.
Karl M. Cowdery, associate regis
trar, will lead the quiz session.
Women's Vocom will hold its last
meeting on Monday, March 11, in
stead of on the usual Wednesday
night. * Ex Committee granted spe
cial permission to hold the meeting
on this date despite its falling in the
week before finals.
Women's living groups also agreed
to excuse members from house meet
ings in order to attend the session.
Notices of the event have been sent
to one member in each group, ac
cording to Ethelmae Davis, chairman
of the meeting. She asks that the
member to whom the card is ad
dressed tell others in her group
about the meeting, and that the
members discuss and turn in ques
tions they would like to have an
swered.

"How to Apply for a Job" is the
subject which will be discussed by
Rae Schander, personnel director for
women of the pacific Telephone ;md
Telegraph Company; Lillian Owens,
secretary of the Graduate School of
Business; and Ruth Tracksell of the
Stanford Appointment Service. Dr.
Karl M. Cowdery, associate regis
trar, will lead the quiz session.
Women's Vocom will hold its last
meeting on Monday, March 11, in
stead of on the usual Wednesday
night. * Ex Committee granted spe
cial permission to hold the meeting
on this date despite its falling in the
week before finals.
Women's living groups also agreed
to excuse members from house meet
ings in order to attend the session.
Notices of the event have been sent
to one member in each group, ac
cording to Ethelmae Davis, chairman
of the meeting. She asks that the
member to whom the card is ad
dressed tell others in her group
about the meeting, and that the
members discuss and turn in ques
tions they would like to have an
swered.

"How to Apply for a Job" is the
subject which will be discussed by
Rae Schander, personnel director for
women of the pacific Telephone ;md
Telegraph Company; Lillian Owens,
secretary of the Graduate School of
Business; and Ruth Tracksell of the
Stanford Appointment Service. Dr.
Karl M. Cowdery, associate regis
trar, will lead the quiz session.
Women's Vocom will hold its last
meeting on Monday, March 11, in
stead of on the usual Wednesday
night. * Ex Committee granted spe
cial permission to hold the meeting
on this date despite its falling in the
week before finals.
Women's living groups also agreed
to excuse members from house meet
ings in order to attend the session.
Notices of the event have been sent
to one member in each group, ac
cording to Ethelmae Davis, chairman
of the meeting. She asks that the
member to whom the card is ad
dressed tell others in her group
about the meeting, and that the
members discuss and turn in ques
tions they would like to have an
swered.

"How to Apply for a Job" is the
subject which will be discussed by
Rae Schander, personnel director for
women of the pacific Telephone ;md
Telegraph Company; Lillian Owens,
secretary of the Graduate School of
Business; and Ruth Tracksell of the
Stanford Appointment Service. Dr.
Karl M. Cowdery, associate regis
trar, will lead the quiz session.
Women's Vocom will hold its last
meeting on Monday, March 11, in
stead of on the usual Wednesday
night. * Ex Committee granted spe
cial permission to hold the meeting
on this date despite its falling in the
week before finals.
Women's living groups also agreed
to excuse members from house meet
ings in order to attend the session.
Notices of the event have been sent
to one member in each group, ac
cording to Ethelmae Davis, chairman
of the meeting. She asks that the
member to whom the card is ad
dressed tell others in her group
about the meeting, and that the
members discuss and turn in ques
tions they would like to have an
swered.

"How to Apply for a Job" is the
subject which will be discussed by
Rae Schander, personnel director for
women of the pacific Telephone ;md
Telegraph Company; Lillian Owens,
secretary of the Graduate School of
Business; and Ruth Tracksell of the
Stanford Appointment Service. Dr.
Karl M. Cowdery, associate regis
trar, will lead the quiz session.
Women's Vocom will hold its last
meeting on Monday, March 11, in
stead of on the usual Wednesday
night. * Ex Committee granted spe
cial permission to hold the meeting
on this date despite its falling in the
week before finals.
Women's living groups also agreed
to excuse members from house meet
ings in order to attend the session.
Notices of the event have been sent
to one member in each group, ac
cording to Ethelmae Davis, chairman
of the meeting. She asks that the
member to whom the card is ad
dressed tell others in her group
about the meeting, and that the
members discuss and turn in ques
tions they would like to have an
swered.

"How to Apply for a Job" is the
subject which will be discussed by
Rae Schander, personnel director for
women of the pacific Telephone ;md
Telegraph Company; Lillian Owens,
secretary of the Graduate School of
Business; and Ruth Tracksell of the
Stanford Appointment Service. Dr.
Karl M. Cowdery, associate regis
trar, will lead the quiz session.
Women's Vocom will hold its last
meeting on Monday, March 11, in
stead of on the usual Wednesday
night. * Ex Committee granted spe
cial permission to hold the meeting
on this date despite its falling in the
week before finals.
Women's living groups also agreed
to excuse members from house meet
ings in order to attend the session.
Notices of the event have been sent
to one member in each group, ac
cording to Ethelmae Davis, chairman
of the meeting. She asks that the
member to whom the card is ad
dressed tell others in her group
about the meeting, and that the
members discuss and turn in ques
tions they would like to have an
swered.

"How to Apply for a Job" is the
subject which will be discussed by
Rae Schander, personnel director for
women of the pacific Telephone ;md
Telegraph Company; Lillian Owens,
secretary of the Graduate School of
Business; and Ruth Tracksell of the
Stanford Appointment Service. Dr.
Karl M. Cowdery, associate regis
trar, will lead the quiz session.
Women's Vocom will hold its last
meeting on Monday, March 11, in
stead of on the usual Wednesday
night. * Ex Committee granted spe
cial permission to hold the meeting
on this date despite its falling in the
week before finals.
Women's living groups also agreed
to excuse members from house meet
ings in order to attend the session.
Notices of the event have been sent
to one member in each group, ac
cording to Ethelmae Davis, chairman
of the meeting. She asks that the
member to whom the card is ad
dressed tell others in her group
about the meeting, and that the
members discuss and turn in ques
tions they would like to have an
swered.

"How to Apply for a Job" is the
subject which will be discussed by
Rae Schander, personnel director for
women of the pacific Telephone ;md
Telegraph Company; Lillian Owens,
secretary of the Graduate School of
Business; and Ruth Tracksell of the
Stanford Appointment Service. Dr.
Karl M. Cowdery, associate regis
trar, will lead the quiz session.
Women's Vocom will hold its last
meeting on Monday, March 11, in
stead of on the usual Wednesday
night. * Ex Committee granted spe
cial permission to hold the meeting
on this date despite its falling in the
week before finals.
Women's living groups also agreed
to excuse members from house meet
ings in order to attend the session.
Notices of the event have been sent
to one member in each group, ac
cording to Ethelmae Davis, chairman
of the meeting. She asks that the
member to whom the card is ad
dressed tell others in her group
about the meeting, and that the
members discuss and turn in ques
tions they would like to have an
swered.

"How to Apply for a Job" is the
subject which will be discussed by
Rae Schander, personnel director for
women of the pacific Telephone ;md
Telegraph Company; Lillian Owens,
secretary of the Graduate School of
Business; and Ruth Tracksell of the
Stanford Appointment Service. Dr.
Karl M. Cowdery, associate regis
trar, will lead the quiz session.
Women's Vocom will hold its last
meeting on Monday, March 11, in
stead of on the usual Wednesday
night. * Ex Committee granted spe
cial permission to hold the meeting
on this date despite its falling in the
week before finals.
Women's living groups also agreed
to excuse members from house meet
ings in order to attend the session.
Notices of the event have been sent
to one member in each group, ac
cording to Ethelmae Davis, chairman
of the meeting. She asks that the
member to whom the card is ad
dressed tell others in her group
about the meeting, and that the
members discuss and turn in ques
tions they would like to have an
swered.

"How to Apply for a Job" is the
subject which will be discussed by
Rae Schander, personnel director for
women of the pacific Telephone ;md
Telegraph Company; Lillian Owens,
secretary of the Graduate School of
Business; and Ruth Tracksell of the
Stanford Appointment Service. Dr.
Karl M. Cowdery, associate regis
trar, will lead the quiz session.
Women's Vocom will hold its last
meeting on Monday, March 11, in
stead of on the usual Wednesday
night. * Ex Committee granted spe
cial permission to hold the meeting
on this date despite its falling in the
week before finals.
Women's living groups also agreed
to excuse members from house meet
ings in order to attend the session.
Notices of the event have been sent
to one member in each group, ac
cording to Ethelmae Davis, chairman
of the meeting. She asks that the
member to whom the card is ad
dressed tell others in her group
about the meeting, and that the
members discuss and turn in ques
tions they would like to have an
swered.

"How to Apply for a Job" is the
subject which will be discussed by
Rae Schander, personnel director for
women of the pacific Telephone ;md
Telegraph Company; Lillian Owens,
secretary of the Graduate School of
Business; and Ruth Tracksell of the
Stanford Appointment Service. Dr.
Karl M. Cowdery, associate regis
trar, will lead the quiz session.
Women's Vocom will hold its last
meeting on Monday, March 11, in
stead of on the usual Wednesday
night. * Ex Committee granted spe
cial permission to hold the meeting
on this date despite its falling in the
week before finals.
Women's living groups also agreed
to excuse members from house meet
ings in order to attend the session.
Notices of the event have been sent
to one member in each group, ac
cording to Ethelmae Davis, chairman
of the meeting. She asks that the
member to whom the card is ad
dressed tell others in her group
about the meeting, and that the
members discuss and turn in ques
tions they would like to have an
swered.

"How to Apply for a Job" is the
subject which will be discussed by
Rae Schander, personnel director for
women of the pacific Telephone ;md
Telegraph Company; Lillian Owens,
secretary of the Graduate School of
Business; and Ruth Tracksell of the
Stanford Appointment Service. Dr.
Karl M. Cowdery, associate regis
trar, will lead the quiz session.
Women's Vocom will hold its last
meeting on Monday, March 11, in
stead of on the usual Wednesday
night. * Ex Committee granted spe
cial permission to hold the meeting
on this date despite its falling in the
week before finals.
Women's living groups also agreed
to excuse members from house meet
ings in order to attend the session.
Notices of the event have been sent
to one member in each group, ac
cording to Ethelmae Davis, chairman
of the meeting. She asks that the
member to whom the card is ad
dressed tell others in her group
about the meeting, and that the
members discuss and turn in ques
tions they would like to have an
swered.

"How to Apply for a Job" is the
subject which will be discussed by
Rae Schander, personnel director for
women of the pacific Telephone ;md
Telegraph Company; Lillian Owens,
secretary of the Graduate School of
Business; and Ruth Tracksell of the
Stanford Appointment Service. Dr.
Karl M. Cowdery, associate regis
trar, will lead the quiz session.
Women's Vocom will hold its last
meeting on Monday, March 11, in
stead of on the usual Wednesday
night. * Ex Committee granted spe
cial permission to hold the meeting
on this date despite its falling in the
week before finals.
Women's living groups also agreed
to excuse members from house meet
ings in order to attend the session.
Notices of the event have been sent
to one member in each group, ac
cording to Ethelmae Davis, chairman
of the meeting. She asks that the
member to whom the card is ad
dressed tell others in her group
about the meeting, and that the
members discuss and turn in ques
tions they would like to have an
swered.

"How to Apply for a Job" is the
subject which will be discussed by
Rae Schander, personnel director for
women of the pacific Telephone ;md
Telegraph Company; Lillian Owens,
secretary of the Graduate School of
Business; and Ruth Tracksell of the
Stanford Appointment Service. Dr.
Karl M. Cowdery, associate regis
trar, will lead the quiz session.
