# WEDNESDAY
## 
### 
Tell
Columnist Tom Flem
ma tells what it's like
to beafratdick.
Page 4.
The Truth
about lie detectors.
Page 6.
Period
Volleyballers beat Cal
for the tenth year
straight. Period.
Page 7.
Tell
Columnist Tom Flem
ma tells what it's like
to beafratdick.
Page 4.
The Truth
about lie detectors.
Page 6.
Period
Volleyballers beat Cal
for the tenth year
straight. Period.
Page 7.
Tell
Columnist Tom Flem
ma tells what it's like
to beafratdick.
Page 4.
The Truth
about lie detectors.
Page 6.
Period
Volleyballers beat Cal
for the tenth year
straight. Period.
Page 7.
Tell
Columnist Tom Flem
ma tells what it's like
to beafratdick.
Page 4.
The Truth
about lie detectors.
Page 6.
Period
Volleyballers beat Cal
for the tenth year
straight. Period.
Page 7.
Tell
Columnist Tom Flem
ma tells what it's like
to beafratdick.
Page 4.
The Truth
about lie detectors.
Page 6.
Period
Volleyballers beat Cal
for the tenth year
straight. Period.
Page 7.
Tell
Columnist Tom Flem
ma tells what it's like
to beafratdick.
Page 4.
The Truth
about lie detectors.
Page 6.
Period
Volleyballers beat Cal
for the tenth year
straight. Period.
Page 7.
Tell
Columnist Tom Flem
ma tells what it's like
to beafratdick.
Page 4.
The Truth
about lie detectors.
Page 6.
Period
Volleyballers beat Cal
for the tenth year
straight. Period.
Page 7.
Tell
Columnist Tom Flem
ma tells what it's like
to beafratdick.
Page 4.
The Truth
about lie detectors.
Page 6.
Period
Volleyballers beat Cal
for the tenth year
straight. Period.
Page 7.
