# MURAL SIGN-UPS
## 
### 
All sign-up lists for intramural
football and bowling will be taken
down tomorrow. For information
contact Elwyn Bugge at his office in
the gym.
All sign-up lists for intramural
football and bowling will be taken
down tomorrow. For information
contact Elwyn Bugge at his office in
the gym.
All sign-up lists for intramural
football and bowling will be taken
down tomorrow. For information
contact Elwyn Bugge at his office in
the gym.
All sign-up lists for intramural
football and bowling will be taken
down tomorrow. For information
contact Elwyn Bugge at his office in
the gym.
All sign-up lists for intramural
football and bowling will be taken
down tomorrow. For information
contact Elwyn Bugge at his office in
the gym.
All sign-up lists for intramural
football and bowling will be taken
down tomorrow. For information
contact Elwyn Bugge at his office in
the gym.
All sign-up lists for intramural
football and bowling will be taken
down tomorrow. For information
contact Elwyn Bugge at his office in
the gym.
All sign-up lists for intramural
football and bowling will be taken
down tomorrow. For information
contact Elwyn Bugge at his office in
the gym.
All sign-up lists for intramural
football and bowling will be taken
down tomorrow. For information
contact Elwyn Bugge at his office in
the gym.
All sign-up lists for intramural
football and bowling will be taken
down tomorrow. For information
contact Elwyn Bugge at his office in
the gym.
All sign-up lists for intramural
football and bowling will be taken
down tomorrow. For information
contact Elwyn Bugge at his office in
the gym.
All sign-up lists for intramural
football and bowling will be taken
down tomorrow. For information
contact Elwyn Bugge at his office in
the gym.
All sign-up lists for intramural
football and bowling will be taken
down tomorrow. For information
contact Elwyn Bugge at his office in
the gym.
All sign-up lists for intramural
football and bowling will be taken
down tomorrow. For information
contact Elwyn Bugge at his office in
the gym.
