# DAILY Sports
## 49ers Lose Two For Entire Season 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP)—
Art Michalik and Don Burke, San
Francisco Forty-Niners defensive
aces injured in Sunday's 24-24 tie
with the Los Angeles Rams, will be
out for the rest of the season Dr.
William O'Grady, team physician,
said today.
Michalik, middle guard, and
Burke, linebacker, underwent surg
ery on their left knees today as a>
result of what Forty Niner owner
Tony Morabito branded "the dirtiest
football 1 have ever watched."' Ram
Coach Hampton Pool flatly denied
the charges. *
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle, the third
San Franciscan injured in the bruis
ing battle, has a fractured small
bone in his left hand. He rested to
day but he will try working out in
a light cast Friday. If the cast is
found satisfactory, he will play in
Sunday's game with Green Bay in
Milwaukee.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP)—
Art Michalik and Don Burke, San
Francisco Forty-Niners defensive
aces injured in Sunday's 24-24 tie
with the Los Angeles Rams, will be
out for the rest of the season Dr.
William O'Grady, team physician,
said today.
Michalik, middle guard, and
Burke, linebacker, underwent surg
ery on their left knees today as a>
result of what Forty Niner owner
Tony Morabito branded "the dirtiest
football 1 have ever watched."' Ram
Coach Hampton Pool flatly denied
the charges. *
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle, the third
San Franciscan injured in the bruis
ing battle, has a fractured small
bone in his left hand. He rested to
day but he will try working out in
a light cast Friday. If the cast is
found satisfactory, he will play in
Sunday's game with Green Bay in
Milwaukee.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP)—
Art Michalik and Don Burke, San
Francisco Forty-Niners defensive
aces injured in Sunday's 24-24 tie
with the Los Angeles Rams, will be
out for the rest of the season Dr.
William O'Grady, team physician,
said today.
Michalik, middle guard, and
Burke, linebacker, underwent surg
ery on their left knees today as a>
result of what Forty Niner owner
Tony Morabito branded "the dirtiest
football 1 have ever watched."' Ram
Coach Hampton Pool flatly denied
the charges. *
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle, the third
San Franciscan injured in the bruis
ing battle, has a fractured small
bone in his left hand. He rested to
day but he will try working out in
a light cast Friday. If the cast is
found satisfactory, he will play in
Sunday's game with Green Bay in
Milwaukee.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP)—
Art Michalik and Don Burke, San
Francisco Forty-Niners defensive
aces injured in Sunday's 24-24 tie
with the Los Angeles Rams, will be
out for the rest of the season Dr.
William O'Grady, team physician,
said today.
Michalik, middle guard, and
Burke, linebacker, underwent surg
ery on their left knees today as a>
result of what Forty Niner owner
Tony Morabito branded "the dirtiest
football 1 have ever watched."' Ram
Coach Hampton Pool flatly denied
the charges. *
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle, the third
San Franciscan injured in the bruis
ing battle, has a fractured small
bone in his left hand. He rested to
day but he will try working out in
a light cast Friday. If the cast is
found satisfactory, he will play in
Sunday's game with Green Bay in
Milwaukee.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP)—
Art Michalik and Don Burke, San
Francisco Forty-Niners defensive
aces injured in Sunday's 24-24 tie
with the Los Angeles Rams, will be
out for the rest of the season Dr.
William O'Grady, team physician,
said today.
Michalik, middle guard, and
Burke, linebacker, underwent surg
ery on their left knees today as a>
result of what Forty Niner owner
Tony Morabito branded "the dirtiest
football 1 have ever watched."' Ram
Coach Hampton Pool flatly denied
the charges. *
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle, the third
San Franciscan injured in the bruis
ing battle, has a fractured small
bone in his left hand. He rested to
day but he will try working out in
a light cast Friday. If the cast is
found satisfactory, he will play in
Sunday's game with Green Bay in
Milwaukee.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP)—
Art Michalik and Don Burke, San
Francisco Forty-Niners defensive
aces injured in Sunday's 24-24 tie
with the Los Angeles Rams, will be
out for the rest of the season Dr.
William O'Grady, team physician,
said today.
Michalik, middle guard, and
Burke, linebacker, underwent surg
ery on their left knees today as a>
result of what Forty Niner owner
Tony Morabito branded "the dirtiest
football 1 have ever watched."' Ram
Coach Hampton Pool flatly denied
the charges. *
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle, the third
San Franciscan injured in the bruis
ing battle, has a fractured small
bone in his left hand. He rested to
day but he will try working out in
a light cast Friday. If the cast is
found satisfactory, he will play in
Sunday's game with Green Bay in
Milwaukee.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP)—
Art Michalik and Don Burke, San
Francisco Forty-Niners defensive
aces injured in Sunday's 24-24 tie
with the Los Angeles Rams, will be
out for the rest of the season Dr.
William O'Grady, team physician,
said today.
Michalik, middle guard, and
Burke, linebacker, underwent surg
ery on their left knees today as a>
result of what Forty Niner owner
Tony Morabito branded "the dirtiest
football 1 have ever watched."' Ram
Coach Hampton Pool flatly denied
the charges. *
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle, the third
San Franciscan injured in the bruis
ing battle, has a fractured small
bone in his left hand. He rested to
day but he will try working out in
a light cast Friday. If the cast is
found satisfactory, he will play in
Sunday's game with Green Bay in
Milwaukee.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP)—
Art Michalik and Don Burke, San
Francisco Forty-Niners defensive
aces injured in Sunday's 24-24 tie
with the Los Angeles Rams, will be
out for the rest of the season Dr.
William O'Grady, team physician,
said today.
Michalik, middle guard, and
Burke, linebacker, underwent surg
ery on their left knees today as a>
result of what Forty Niner owner
Tony Morabito branded "the dirtiest
football 1 have ever watched."' Ram
Coach Hampton Pool flatly denied
the charges. *
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle, the third
San Franciscan injured in the bruis
ing battle, has a fractured small
bone in his left hand. He rested to
day but he will try working out in
a light cast Friday. If the cast is
found satisfactory, he will play in
Sunday's game with Green Bay in
Milwaukee.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP)—
Art Michalik and Don Burke, San
Francisco Forty-Niners defensive
aces injured in Sunday's 24-24 tie
with the Los Angeles Rams, will be
out for the rest of the season Dr.
William O'Grady, team physician,
said today.
Michalik, middle guard, and
Burke, linebacker, underwent surg
ery on their left knees today as a>
result of what Forty Niner owner
Tony Morabito branded "the dirtiest
football 1 have ever watched."' Ram
Coach Hampton Pool flatly denied
the charges. *
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle, the third
San Franciscan injured in the bruis
ing battle, has a fractured small
bone in his left hand. He rested to
day but he will try working out in
a light cast Friday. If the cast is
found satisfactory, he will play in
Sunday's game with Green Bay in
Milwaukee.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP)—
Art Michalik and Don Burke, San
Francisco Forty-Niners defensive
aces injured in Sunday's 24-24 tie
with the Los Angeles Rams, will be
out for the rest of the season Dr.
William O'Grady, team physician,
said today.
Michalik, middle guard, and
Burke, linebacker, underwent surg
ery on their left knees today as a>
result of what Forty Niner owner
Tony Morabito branded "the dirtiest
football 1 have ever watched."' Ram
Coach Hampton Pool flatly denied
the charges. *
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle, the third
San Franciscan injured in the bruis
ing battle, has a fractured small
bone in his left hand. He rested to
day but he will try working out in
a light cast Friday. If the cast is
found satisfactory, he will play in
Sunday's game with Green Bay in
Milwaukee.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP)—
Art Michalik and Don Burke, San
Francisco Forty-Niners defensive
aces injured in Sunday's 24-24 tie
with the Los Angeles Rams, will be
out for the rest of the season Dr.
William O'Grady, team physician,
said today.
Michalik, middle guard, and
Burke, linebacker, underwent surg
ery on their left knees today as a>
result of what Forty Niner owner
Tony Morabito branded "the dirtiest
football 1 have ever watched."' Ram
Coach Hampton Pool flatly denied
the charges. *
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle, the third
San Franciscan injured in the bruis
ing battle, has a fractured small
bone in his left hand. He rested to
day but he will try working out in
a light cast Friday. If the cast is
found satisfactory, he will play in
Sunday's game with Green Bay in
Milwaukee.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP)—
Art Michalik and Don Burke, San
Francisco Forty-Niners defensive
aces injured in Sunday's 24-24 tie
with the Los Angeles Rams, will be
out for the rest of the season Dr.
William O'Grady, team physician,
said today.
Michalik, middle guard, and
Burke, linebacker, underwent surg
ery on their left knees today as a>
result of what Forty Niner owner
Tony Morabito branded "the dirtiest
football 1 have ever watched."' Ram
Coach Hampton Pool flatly denied
the charges. *
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle, the third
San Franciscan injured in the bruis
ing battle, has a fractured small
bone in his left hand. He rested to
day but he will try working out in
a light cast Friday. If the cast is
found satisfactory, he will play in
Sunday's game with Green Bay in
Milwaukee.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP)—
Art Michalik and Don Burke, San
Francisco Forty-Niners defensive
aces injured in Sunday's 24-24 tie
with the Los Angeles Rams, will be
out for the rest of the season Dr.
William O'Grady, team physician,
said today.
Michalik, middle guard, and
Burke, linebacker, underwent surg
ery on their left knees today as a>
result of what Forty Niner owner
Tony Morabito branded "the dirtiest
football 1 have ever watched."' Ram
Coach Hampton Pool flatly denied
the charges. *
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle, the third
San Franciscan injured in the bruis
ing battle, has a fractured small
bone in his left hand. He rested to
day but he will try working out in
a light cast Friday. If the cast is
found satisfactory, he will play in
Sunday's game with Green Bay in
Milwaukee.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 5 (UP)—
Art Michalik and Don Burke, San
Francisco Forty-Niners defensive
aces injured in Sunday's 24-24 tie
with the Los Angeles Rams, will be
out for the rest of the season Dr.
William O'Grady, team physician,
said today.
Michalik, middle guard, and
Burke, linebacker, underwent surg
ery on their left knees today as a>
result of what Forty Niner owner
Tony Morabito branded "the dirtiest
football 1 have ever watched."' Ram
Coach Hampton Pool flatly denied
the charges. *
Quarterback Y. A. Tittle, the third
San Franciscan injured in the bruis
ing battle, has a fractured small
bone in his left hand. He rested to
day but he will try working out in
a light cast Friday. If the cast is
found satisfactory, he will play in
Sunday's game with Green Bay in
Milwaukee.
