# FILM MARKET IN RUSSIA
## 
### 
HOLLYWOOD, May 19 (UP).—
American films, especially with his
torical or documentary background,
will find a ready market with Rus
sian audiences, Konstantin Mikhai
lovich Simonov, Soviet scenario
writer and newspaperman, declared
today.
During his United States tour
sponsored by the State Department;
Simonov visited Hollywood to see
what is being done in pictures to
promote better understanding be
tween Russians and Americans.
HOLLYWOOD, May 19 (UP).—
American films, especially with his
torical or documentary background,
will find a ready market with Rus
sian audiences, Konstantin Mikhai
lovich Simonov, Soviet scenario
writer and newspaperman, declared
today.
During his United States tour
sponsored by the State Department;
Simonov visited Hollywood to see
what is being done in pictures to
promote better understanding be
tween Russians and Americans.
HOLLYWOOD, May 19 (UP).—
American films, especially with his
torical or documentary background,
will find a ready market with Rus
sian audiences, Konstantin Mikhai
lovich Simonov, Soviet scenario
writer and newspaperman, declared
today.
During his United States tour
sponsored by the State Department;
Simonov visited Hollywood to see
what is being done in pictures to
promote better understanding be
tween Russians and Americans.
HOLLYWOOD, May 19 (UP).—
American films, especially with his
torical or documentary background,
will find a ready market with Rus
sian audiences, Konstantin Mikhai
lovich Simonov, Soviet scenario
writer and newspaperman, declared
today.
During his United States tour
sponsored by the State Department;
Simonov visited Hollywood to see
what is being done in pictures to
promote better understanding be
tween Russians and Americans.
HOLLYWOOD, May 19 (UP).—
American films, especially with his
torical or documentary background,
will find a ready market with Rus
sian audiences, Konstantin Mikhai
lovich Simonov, Soviet scenario
writer and newspaperman, declared
today.
During his United States tour
sponsored by the State Department;
Simonov visited Hollywood to see
what is being done in pictures to
promote better understanding be
tween Russians and Americans.
HOLLYWOOD, May 19 (UP).—
American films, especially with his
torical or documentary background,
will find a ready market with Rus
sian audiences, Konstantin Mikhai
lovich Simonov, Soviet scenario
writer and newspaperman, declared
today.
During his United States tour
sponsored by the State Department;
Simonov visited Hollywood to see
what is being done in pictures to
promote better understanding be
tween Russians and Americans.
HOLLYWOOD, May 19 (UP).—
American films, especially with his
torical or documentary background,
will find a ready market with Rus
sian audiences, Konstantin Mikhai
lovich Simonov, Soviet scenario
writer and newspaperman, declared
today.
During his United States tour
sponsored by the State Department;
Simonov visited Hollywood to see
what is being done in pictures to
promote better understanding be
tween Russians and Americans.
HOLLYWOOD, May 19 (UP).—
American films, especially with his
torical or documentary background,
will find a ready market with Rus
sian audiences, Konstantin Mikhai
lovich Simonov, Soviet scenario
writer and newspaperman, declared
today.
During his United States tour
sponsored by the State Department;
Simonov visited Hollywood to see
what is being done in pictures to
promote better understanding be
tween Russians and Americans.
HOLLYWOOD, May 19 (UP).—
American films, especially with his
torical or documentary background,
will find a ready market with Rus
sian audiences, Konstantin Mikhai
lovich Simonov, Soviet scenario
writer and newspaperman, declared
today.
During his United States tour
sponsored by the State Department;
Simonov visited Hollywood to see
what is being done in pictures to
promote better understanding be
tween Russians and Americans.
HOLLYWOOD, May 19 (UP).—
American films, especially with his
torical or documentary background,
will find a ready market with Rus
sian audiences, Konstantin Mikhai
lovich Simonov, Soviet scenario
writer and newspaperman, declared
today.
During his United States tour
sponsored by the State Department;
Simonov visited Hollywood to see
what is being done in pictures to
promote better understanding be
tween Russians and Americans.
HOLLYWOOD, May 19 (UP).—
American films, especially with his
torical or documentary background,
will find a ready market with Rus
sian audiences, Konstantin Mikhai
lovich Simonov, Soviet scenario
writer and newspaperman, declared
today.
During his United States tour
sponsored by the State Department;
Simonov visited Hollywood to see
what is being done in pictures to
promote better understanding be
tween Russians and Americans.
HOLLYWOOD, May 19 (UP).—
American films, especially with his
torical or documentary background,
will find a ready market with Rus
sian audiences, Konstantin Mikhai
lovich Simonov, Soviet scenario
writer and newspaperman, declared
today.
During his United States tour
sponsored by the State Department;
Simonov visited Hollywood to see
what is being done in pictures to
promote better understanding be
tween Russians and Americans.
HOLLYWOOD, May 19 (UP).—
American films, especially with his
torical or documentary background,
will find a ready market with Rus
sian audiences, Konstantin Mikhai
lovich Simonov, Soviet scenario
writer and newspaperman, declared
today.
During his United States tour
sponsored by the State Department;
Simonov visited Hollywood to see
what is being done in pictures to
promote better understanding be
tween Russians and Americans.
HOLLYWOOD, May 19 (UP).—
American films, especially with his
torical or documentary background,
will find a ready market with Rus
sian audiences, Konstantin Mikhai
lovich Simonov, Soviet scenario
writer and newspaperman, declared
today.
During his United States tour
sponsored by the State Department;
Simonov visited Hollywood to see
what is being done in pictures to
promote better understanding be
tween Russians and Americans.
HOLLYWOOD, May 19 (UP).—
American films, especially with his
torical or documentary background,
will find a ready market with Rus
sian audiences, Konstantin Mikhai
lovich Simonov, Soviet scenario
writer and newspaperman, declared
today.
During his United States tour
sponsored by the State Department;
Simonov visited Hollywood to see
what is being done in pictures to
promote better understanding be
tween Russians and Americans.
