# Poll Results Given Today
## 
### 
Housing poll results will be pre
sented by Ann Shimmcl and Helen
Diet z, members of the Housing
Committee, to Women's Conference
this afternoon at in the Women's
Clubhouse. The newly appointed
treasurer will also be announced.
Various trends shown by the re
cent poll will be discussed, and
minutes of the Housing Committee
will be read. Statistical information
on housing will also be shown to
Conference mrmb^rs.
Women's Conference Scholarship,
soon to be awarded, will be another
topic under discussion. Approxi
mately $410 has been raised for the
scholarship Iby last week's fashion
show and winter quarter's Circus
Night, both under Conference spon
sorship.
