# PHI BETES TO MEET
## 
### 
A special meeting of (lie Stanford
chapter of Plii Beta Kappa will be
at 4:15 Monday afternoon, May 20,
in room 1211, according to an an
nouncement by Professor Tbomas
Barclay, secretary.
A special meeting of (lie Stanford
chapter of Plii Beta Kappa will be
at 4:15 Monday afternoon, May 20,
in room 1211, according to an an
nouncement by Professor Tbomas
Barclay, secretary.
A special meeting of (lie Stanford
chapter of Plii Beta Kappa will be
at 4:15 Monday afternoon, May 20,
in room 1211, according to an an
nouncement by Professor Tbomas
Barclay, secretary.
A special meeting of (lie Stanford
chapter of Plii Beta Kappa will be
at 4:15 Monday afternoon, May 20,
in room 1211, according to an an
nouncement by Professor Tbomas
Barclay, secretary.
A special meeting of (lie Stanford
chapter of Plii Beta Kappa will be
at 4:15 Monday afternoon, May 20,
in room 1211, according to an an
nouncement by Professor Tbomas
Barclay, secretary.
A special meeting of (lie Stanford
chapter of Plii Beta Kappa will be
at 4:15 Monday afternoon, May 20,
in room 1211, according to an an
nouncement by Professor Tbomas
Barclay, secretary.
A special meeting of (lie Stanford
chapter of Plii Beta Kappa will be
at 4:15 Monday afternoon, May 20,
in room 1211, according to an an
nouncement by Professor Tbomas
Barclay, secretary.
A special meeting of (lie Stanford
chapter of Plii Beta Kappa will be
at 4:15 Monday afternoon, May 20,
in room 1211, according to an an
nouncement by Professor Tbomas
Barclay, secretary.
A special meeting of (lie Stanford
chapter of Plii Beta Kappa will be
at 4:15 Monday afternoon, May 20,
in room 1211, according to an an
nouncement by Professor Tbomas
Barclay, secretary.
A special meeting of (lie Stanford
chapter of Plii Beta Kappa will be
at 4:15 Monday afternoon, May 20,
in room 1211, according to an an
nouncement by Professor Tbomas
Barclay, secretary.
A special meeting of (lie Stanford
chapter of Plii Beta Kappa will be
at 4:15 Monday afternoon, May 20,
in room 1211, according to an an
nouncement by Professor Tbomas
Barclay, secretary.
A special meeting of (lie Stanford
chapter of Plii Beta Kappa will be
at 4:15 Monday afternoon, May 20,
in room 1211, according to an an
nouncement by Professor Tbomas
Barclay, secretary.
A special meeting of (lie Stanford
chapter of Plii Beta Kappa will be
at 4:15 Monday afternoon, May 20,
in room 1211, according to an an
nouncement by Professor Tbomas
Barclay, secretary.
A special meeting of (lie Stanford
chapter of Plii Beta Kappa will be
at 4:15 Monday afternoon, May 20,
in room 1211, according to an an
nouncement by Professor Tbomas
Barclay, secretary.
A special meeting of (lie Stanford
chapter of Plii Beta Kappa will be
at 4:15 Monday afternoon, May 20,
in room 1211, according to an an
nouncement by Professor Tbomas
Barclay, secretary.
