# Duo-Pianists Will Appear
## 
### 
The duo-piano team of Miriam
Buhb of Palo A11(j and Doris Os
bornc of Piedmont will present a
program of modern and classical
arrangements of two-piano works at
<he Tuesday Evening Series this
week.
Mrs. Bubb studied with Kate
Crittenden of the Metropolitan
School of Music and later coached
uncle' - Marcien Thalberg. She grad
uated from the Cincinnati Conser
vatory of Music and earned a Music
Masters degree at the Cincinnati
University.
Miss Osborne was a pupil of Cor
nelius Rubner of New York and
studied theory and composition un
der the late Domenico Brescia.
Both were solo pianists before
they teamed as a piano duo. Re
cently they have appeared at the
California Club, the San Francisco
Musical Club, the Twentieth Cen
tury Club of Berkeley, and the Car
mel Playhouse.
The duo-piano team of Miriam
Buhb of Palo A11(j and Doris Os
bornc of Piedmont will present a
program of modern and classical
arrangements of two-piano works at
<he Tuesday Evening Series this
week.
Mrs. Bubb studied with Kate
Crittenden of the Metropolitan
School of Music and later coached
uncle' - Marcien Thalberg. She grad
uated from the Cincinnati Conser
vatory of Music and earned a Music
Masters degree at the Cincinnati
University.
Miss Osborne was a pupil of Cor
nelius Rubner of New York and
studied theory and composition un
der the late Domenico Brescia.
Both were solo pianists before
they teamed as a piano duo. Re
cently they have appeared at the
California Club, the San Francisco
Musical Club, the Twentieth Cen
tury Club of Berkeley, and the Car
mel Playhouse.
The duo-piano team of Miriam
Buhb of Palo A11(j and Doris Os
bornc of Piedmont will present a
program of modern and classical
arrangements of two-piano works at
<he Tuesday Evening Series this
week.
Mrs. Bubb studied with Kate
Crittenden of the Metropolitan
School of Music and later coached
uncle' - Marcien Thalberg. She grad
uated from the Cincinnati Conser
vatory of Music and earned a Music
Masters degree at the Cincinnati
University.
Miss Osborne was a pupil of Cor
nelius Rubner of New York and
studied theory and composition un
der the late Domenico Brescia.
Both were solo pianists before
they teamed as a piano duo. Re
cently they have appeared at the
California Club, the San Francisco
Musical Club, the Twentieth Cen
tury Club of Berkeley, and the Car
mel Playhouse.
The duo-piano team of Miriam
Buhb of Palo A11(j and Doris Os
bornc of Piedmont will present a
program of modern and classical
arrangements of two-piano works at
<he Tuesday Evening Series this
week.
Mrs. Bubb studied with Kate
Crittenden of the Metropolitan
School of Music and later coached
uncle' - Marcien Thalberg. She grad
uated from the Cincinnati Conser
vatory of Music and earned a Music
Masters degree at the Cincinnati
University.
Miss Osborne was a pupil of Cor
nelius Rubner of New York and
studied theory and composition un
der the late Domenico Brescia.
Both were solo pianists before
they teamed as a piano duo. Re
cently they have appeared at the
California Club, the San Francisco
Musical Club, the Twentieth Cen
tury Club of Berkeley, and the Car
mel Playhouse.
The duo-piano team of Miriam
Buhb of Palo A11(j and Doris Os
bornc of Piedmont will present a
program of modern and classical
arrangements of two-piano works at
<he Tuesday Evening Series this
week.
Mrs. Bubb studied with Kate
Crittenden of the Metropolitan
School of Music and later coached
uncle' - Marcien Thalberg. She grad
uated from the Cincinnati Conser
vatory of Music and earned a Music
Masters degree at the Cincinnati
University.
Miss Osborne was a pupil of Cor
nelius Rubner of New York and
studied theory and composition un
der the late Domenico Brescia.
Both were solo pianists before
they teamed as a piano duo. Re
cently they have appeared at the
California Club, the San Francisco
Musical Club, the Twentieth Cen
tury Club of Berkeley, and the Car
mel Playhouse.
The duo-piano team of Miriam
Buhb of Palo A11(j and Doris Os
bornc of Piedmont will present a
program of modern and classical
arrangements of two-piano works at
<he Tuesday Evening Series this
week.
Mrs. Bubb studied with Kate
Crittenden of the Metropolitan
School of Music and later coached
uncle' - Marcien Thalberg. She grad
uated from the Cincinnati Conser
vatory of Music and earned a Music
Masters degree at the Cincinnati
University.
Miss Osborne was a pupil of Cor
nelius Rubner of New York and
studied theory and composition un
der the late Domenico Brescia.
Both were solo pianists before
they teamed as a piano duo. Re
cently they have appeared at the
California Club, the San Francisco
Musical Club, the Twentieth Cen
tury Club of Berkeley, and the Car
mel Playhouse.
The duo-piano team of Miriam
Buhb of Palo A11(j and Doris Os
bornc of Piedmont will present a
program of modern and classical
arrangements of two-piano works at
<he Tuesday Evening Series this
week.
Mrs. Bubb studied with Kate
Crittenden of the Metropolitan
School of Music and later coached
uncle' - Marcien Thalberg. She grad
uated from the Cincinnati Conser
vatory of Music and earned a Music
Masters degree at the Cincinnati
University.
Miss Osborne was a pupil of Cor
nelius Rubner of New York and
studied theory and composition un
der the late Domenico Brescia.
Both were solo pianists before
they teamed as a piano duo. Re
cently they have appeared at the
California Club, the San Francisco
Musical Club, the Twentieth Cen
tury Club of Berkeley, and the Car
mel Playhouse.
The duo-piano team of Miriam
Buhb of Palo A11(j and Doris Os
bornc of Piedmont will present a
program of modern and classical
arrangements of two-piano works at
<he Tuesday Evening Series this
week.
Mrs. Bubb studied with Kate
Crittenden of the Metropolitan
School of Music and later coached
uncle' - Marcien Thalberg. She grad
uated from the Cincinnati Conser
vatory of Music and earned a Music
Masters degree at the Cincinnati
University.
Miss Osborne was a pupil of Cor
nelius Rubner of New York and
studied theory and composition un
der the late Domenico Brescia.
Both were solo pianists before
they teamed as a piano duo. Re
cently they have appeared at the
California Club, the San Francisco
Musical Club, the Twentieth Cen
tury Club of Berkeley, and the Car
mel Playhouse.
The duo-piano team of Miriam
Buhb of Palo A11(j and Doris Os
bornc of Piedmont will present a
program of modern and classical
arrangements of two-piano works at
<he Tuesday Evening Series this
week.
Mrs. Bubb studied with Kate
Crittenden of the Metropolitan
School of Music and later coached
uncle' - Marcien Thalberg. She grad
uated from the Cincinnati Conser
vatory of Music and earned a Music
Masters degree at the Cincinnati
University.
Miss Osborne was a pupil of Cor
nelius Rubner of New York and
studied theory and composition un
der the late Domenico Brescia.
Both were solo pianists before
they teamed as a piano duo. Re
cently they have appeared at the
California Club, the San Francisco
Musical Club, the Twentieth Cen
tury Club of Berkeley, and the Car
mel Playhouse.
The duo-piano team of Miriam
Buhb of Palo A11(j and Doris Os
bornc of Piedmont will present a
program of modern and classical
arrangements of two-piano works at
<he Tuesday Evening Series this
week.
Mrs. Bubb studied with Kate
Crittenden of the Metropolitan
School of Music and later coached
uncle' - Marcien Thalberg. She grad
uated from the Cincinnati Conser
vatory of Music and earned a Music
Masters degree at the Cincinnati
University.
Miss Osborne was a pupil of Cor
nelius Rubner of New York and
studied theory and composition un
der the late Domenico Brescia.
Both were solo pianists before
they teamed as a piano duo. Re
cently they have appeared at the
California Club, the San Francisco
Musical Club, the Twentieth Cen
tury Club of Berkeley, and the Car
mel Playhouse.
The duo-piano team of Miriam
Buhb of Palo A11(j and Doris Os
bornc of Piedmont will present a
program of modern and classical
arrangements of two-piano works at
<he Tuesday Evening Series this
week.
Mrs. Bubb studied with Kate
Crittenden of the Metropolitan
School of Music and later coached
uncle' - Marcien Thalberg. She grad
uated from the Cincinnati Conser
vatory of Music and earned a Music
Masters degree at the Cincinnati
University.
Miss Osborne was a pupil of Cor
nelius Rubner of New York and
studied theory and composition un
der the late Domenico Brescia.
Both were solo pianists before
they teamed as a piano duo. Re
cently they have appeared at the
California Club, the San Francisco
Musical Club, the Twentieth Cen
tury Club of Berkeley, and the Car
mel Playhouse.
The duo-piano team of Miriam
Buhb of Palo A11(j and Doris Os
bornc of Piedmont will present a
program of modern and classical
arrangements of two-piano works at
<he Tuesday Evening Series this
week.
Mrs. Bubb studied with Kate
Crittenden of the Metropolitan
School of Music and later coached
uncle' - Marcien Thalberg. She grad
uated from the Cincinnati Conser
vatory of Music and earned a Music
Masters degree at the Cincinnati
University.
Miss Osborne was a pupil of Cor
nelius Rubner of New York and
studied theory and composition un
der the late Domenico Brescia.
Both were solo pianists before
they teamed as a piano duo. Re
cently they have appeared at the
California Club, the San Francisco
Musical Club, the Twentieth Cen
tury Club of Berkeley, and the Car
mel Playhouse.
The duo-piano team of Miriam
Buhb of Palo A11(j and Doris Os
bornc of Piedmont will present a
program of modern and classical
arrangements of two-piano works at
<he Tuesday Evening Series this
week.
Mrs. Bubb studied with Kate
Crittenden of the Metropolitan
School of Music and later coached
uncle' - Marcien Thalberg. She grad
uated from the Cincinnati Conser
vatory of Music and earned a Music
Masters degree at the Cincinnati
University.
Miss Osborne was a pupil of Cor
nelius Rubner of New York and
studied theory and composition un
der the late Domenico Brescia.
Both were solo pianists before
they teamed as a piano duo. Re
cently they have appeared at the
California Club, the San Francisco
Musical Club, the Twentieth Cen
tury Club of Berkeley, and the Car
mel Playhouse.
The duo-piano team of Miriam
Buhb of Palo A11(j and Doris Os
bornc of Piedmont will present a
program of modern and classical
arrangements of two-piano works at
<he Tuesday Evening Series this
week.
Mrs. Bubb studied with Kate
Crittenden of the Metropolitan
School of Music and later coached
uncle' - Marcien Thalberg. She grad
uated from the Cincinnati Conser
vatory of Music and earned a Music
Masters degree at the Cincinnati
University.
Miss Osborne was a pupil of Cor
nelius Rubner of New York and
studied theory and composition un
der the late Domenico Brescia.
Both were solo pianists before
they teamed as a piano duo. Re
cently they have appeared at the
California Club, the San Francisco
Musical Club, the Twentieth Cen
tury Club of Berkeley, and the Car
mel Playhouse.
The duo-piano team of Miriam
Buhb of Palo A11(j and Doris Os
bornc of Piedmont will present a
program of modern and classical
arrangements of two-piano works at
<he Tuesday Evening Series this
week.
Mrs. Bubb studied with Kate
Crittenden of the Metropolitan
School of Music and later coached
uncle' - Marcien Thalberg. She grad
uated from the Cincinnati Conser
vatory of Music and earned a Music
Masters degree at the Cincinnati
University.
Miss Osborne was a pupil of Cor
nelius Rubner of New York and
studied theory and composition un
der the late Domenico Brescia.
Both were solo pianists before
they teamed as a piano duo. Re
cently they have appeared at the
California Club, the San Francisco
Musical Club, the Twentieth Cen
tury Club of Berkeley, and the Car
mel Playhouse.
