# Freshman Wins State Badminton Tournament
## 
### 
Octa\ia Pratt. a Kolilr fresh
man. won the 15 flight women's
singles badminton championship
in the Oakland City open tour
nament on Saturday.
According to a witness of the
match. Miss Pratt demonstrated
very good play. Matching off
against players from all over the
state, she came from behind with
"great spirit" to cop the cham
pionship, 12-11.
Octa\ia Pratt. a Kolilr fresh
man. won the 15 flight women's
singles badminton championship
in the Oakland City open tour
nament on Saturday.
According to a witness of the
match. Miss Pratt demonstrated
very good play. Matching off
against players from all over the
state, she came from behind with
"great spirit" to cop the cham
pionship, 12-11.
Octa\ia Pratt. a Kolilr fresh
man. won the 15 flight women's
singles badminton championship
in the Oakland City open tour
nament on Saturday.
According to a witness of the
match. Miss Pratt demonstrated
very good play. Matching off
against players from all over the
state, she came from behind with
"great spirit" to cop the cham
pionship, 12-11.
Octa\ia Pratt. a Kolilr fresh
man. won the 15 flight women's
singles badminton championship
in the Oakland City open tour
nament on Saturday.
According to a witness of the
match. Miss Pratt demonstrated
very good play. Matching off
against players from all over the
state, she came from behind with
"great spirit" to cop the cham
pionship, 12-11.
Octa\ia Pratt. a Kolilr fresh
man. won the 15 flight women's
singles badminton championship
in the Oakland City open tour
nament on Saturday.
According to a witness of the
match. Miss Pratt demonstrated
very good play. Matching off
against players from all over the
state, she came from behind with
"great spirit" to cop the cham
pionship, 12-11.
Octa\ia Pratt. a Kolilr fresh
man. won the 15 flight women's
singles badminton championship
in the Oakland City open tour
nament on Saturday.
According to a witness of the
match. Miss Pratt demonstrated
very good play. Matching off
against players from all over the
state, she came from behind with
"great spirit" to cop the cham
pionship, 12-11.
Octa\ia Pratt. a Kolilr fresh
man. won the 15 flight women's
singles badminton championship
in the Oakland City open tour
nament on Saturday.
According to a witness of the
match. Miss Pratt demonstrated
very good play. Matching off
against players from all over the
state, she came from behind with
"great spirit" to cop the cham
pionship, 12-11.
Octa\ia Pratt. a Kolilr fresh
man. won the 15 flight women's
singles badminton championship
in the Oakland City open tour
nament on Saturday.
According to a witness of the
match. Miss Pratt demonstrated
very good play. Matching off
against players from all over the
state, she came from behind with
"great spirit" to cop the cham
pionship, 12-11.
Octa\ia Pratt. a Kolilr fresh
man. won the 15 flight women's
singles badminton championship
in the Oakland City open tour
nament on Saturday.
According to a witness of the
match. Miss Pratt demonstrated
very good play. Matching off
against players from all over the
state, she came from behind with
"great spirit" to cop the cham
pionship, 12-11.
Octa\ia Pratt. a Kolilr fresh
man. won the 15 flight women's
singles badminton championship
in the Oakland City open tour
nament on Saturday.
According to a witness of the
match. Miss Pratt demonstrated
very good play. Matching off
against players from all over the
state, she came from behind with
"great spirit" to cop the cham
pionship, 12-11.
Octa\ia Pratt. a Kolilr fresh
man. won the 15 flight women's
singles badminton championship
in the Oakland City open tour
nament on Saturday.
According to a witness of the
match. Miss Pratt demonstrated
very good play. Matching off
against players from all over the
state, she came from behind with
"great spirit" to cop the cham
pionship, 12-11.
Octa\ia Pratt. a Kolilr fresh
man. won the 15 flight women's
singles badminton championship
in the Oakland City open tour
nament on Saturday.
According to a witness of the
match. Miss Pratt demonstrated
very good play. Matching off
against players from all over the
state, she came from behind with
"great spirit" to cop the cham
pionship, 12-11.
Octa\ia Pratt. a Kolilr fresh
man. won the 15 flight women's
singles badminton championship
in the Oakland City open tour
nament on Saturday.
According to a witness of the
match. Miss Pratt demonstrated
very good play. Matching off
against players from all over the
state, she came from behind with
"great spirit" to cop the cham
pionship, 12-11.
Octa\ia Pratt. a Kolilr fresh
man. won the 15 flight women's
singles badminton championship
in the Oakland City open tour
nament on Saturday.
According to a witness of the
match. Miss Pratt demonstrated
very good play. Matching off
against players from all over the
state, she came from behind with
"great spirit" to cop the cham
pionship, 12-11.
Octa\ia Pratt. a Kolilr fresh
man. won the 15 flight women's
singles badminton championship
in the Oakland City open tour
nament on Saturday.
According to a witness of the
match. Miss Pratt demonstrated
very good play. Matching off
against players from all over the
state, she came from behind with
"great spirit" to cop the cham
pionship, 12-11.
