# Abadan Evacuated
## 
### 
ABADAN, Iran, Oct. 15—Britain,
with "intense sadness," evacuated
the last oil technicians from Iran
today, leaving the complex works of
the billion-dollar Anglo-Iranian Oil
Cn.—Western Europe's biggest sup- J
ply source—in the untrained hands j
of the Iranians.
Less than a day before they faced j
ouster by Iran, the cruiser Mauri

tius and a British airliner took out
the 330 remaining technicians from
the world's biggest oil refinery at
Abadan, whose nationalization by
Iran touched off a bitter crisis.
The evacuation was a solemn
procedure, with the British trying
to hide their humiliation at being
forced out by a display of skylark
ing and ceremony.
Refinery Manager K. B. Ross said
"The British are leaving with feel
ings of intense sadness and relief"—
sadness at abandoning the great re
finery they built in 40 years from a
desert island and relief from seven
months of constant tension.
