# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Bill McColl, by catching three
touchdown passes in two games, is
keeping up with Vito Rayazzo's mark
of 15 touchdown passes caught in a
single season.
Bill McColl, by catching three
touchdown passes in two games, is
keeping up with Vito Rayazzo's mark
of 15 touchdown passes caught in a
single season.
Bill McColl, by catching three
touchdown passes in two games, is
keeping up with Vito Rayazzo's mark
of 15 touchdown passes caught in a
single season.
Bill McColl, by catching three
touchdown passes in two games, is
keeping up with Vito Rayazzo's mark
of 15 touchdown passes caught in a
single season.
Bill McColl, by catching three
touchdown passes in two games, is
keeping up with Vito Rayazzo's mark
of 15 touchdown passes caught in a
single season.
Bill McColl, by catching three
touchdown passes in two games, is
keeping up with Vito Rayazzo's mark
of 15 touchdown passes caught in a
single season.
Bill McColl, by catching three
touchdown passes in two games, is
keeping up with Vito Rayazzo's mark
of 15 touchdown passes caught in a
single season.
Bill McColl, by catching three
touchdown passes in two games, is
keeping up with Vito Rayazzo's mark
of 15 touchdown passes caught in a
single season.
Bill McColl, by catching three
touchdown passes in two games, is
keeping up with Vito Rayazzo's mark
of 15 touchdown passes caught in a
single season.
Bill McColl, by catching three
touchdown passes in two games, is
keeping up with Vito Rayazzo's mark
of 15 touchdown passes caught in a
single season.
Bill McColl, by catching three
touchdown passes in two games, is
keeping up with Vito Rayazzo's mark
of 15 touchdown passes caught in a
single season.
Bill McColl, by catching three
touchdown passes in two games, is
keeping up with Vito Rayazzo's mark
of 15 touchdown passes caught in a
single season.
Bill McColl, by catching three
touchdown passes in two games, is
keeping up with Vito Rayazzo's mark
of 15 touchdown passes caught in a
single season.
Bill McColl, by catching three
touchdown passes in two games, is
keeping up with Vito Rayazzo's mark
of 15 touchdown passes caught in a
single season.
Bill McColl, by catching three
touchdown passes in two games, is
keeping up with Vito Rayazzo's mark
of 15 touchdown passes caught in a
single season.
