# New YW Sec.
## 
### 

MISS BJORG HANSEN, Norwc
gian-honi I'hi Beta Kappa grad
uale of the University of Oregon,
is the new executive secretary of
the* YWCA at Stanford. Miss
Hansen conies to Stanford from
Rochester, N.Y.. where she did
community work in the Student
YWCA. She succeeds Miss Kay
Hanley, who resigned in June and
was married during the summer
in Honolulu.

MISS BJORG HANSEN, Norwc
gian-honi I'hi Beta Kappa grad
uale of the University of Oregon,
is the new executive secretary of
the* YWCA at Stanford. Miss
Hansen conies to Stanford from
Rochester, N.Y.. where she did
community work in the Student
YWCA. She succeeds Miss Kay
Hanley, who resigned in June and
was married during the summer
in Honolulu.

MISS BJORG HANSEN, Norwc
gian-honi I'hi Beta Kappa grad
uale of the University of Oregon,
is the new executive secretary of
the* YWCA at Stanford. Miss
Hansen conies to Stanford from
Rochester, N.Y.. where she did
community work in the Student
YWCA. She succeeds Miss Kay
Hanley, who resigned in June and
was married during the summer
in Honolulu.

MISS BJORG HANSEN, Norwc
gian-honi I'hi Beta Kappa grad
uale of the University of Oregon,
is the new executive secretary of
the* YWCA at Stanford. Miss
Hansen conies to Stanford from
Rochester, N.Y.. where she did
community work in the Student
YWCA. She succeeds Miss Kay
Hanley, who resigned in June and
was married during the summer
in Honolulu.

MISS BJORG HANSEN, Norwc
gian-honi I'hi Beta Kappa grad
uale of the University of Oregon,
is the new executive secretary of
the* YWCA at Stanford. Miss
Hansen conies to Stanford from
Rochester, N.Y.. where she did
community work in the Student
YWCA. She succeeds Miss Kay
Hanley, who resigned in June and
was married during the summer
in Honolulu.

MISS BJORG HANSEN, Norwc
gian-honi I'hi Beta Kappa grad
uale of the University of Oregon,
is the new executive secretary of
the* YWCA at Stanford. Miss
Hansen conies to Stanford from
Rochester, N.Y.. where she did
community work in the Student
YWCA. She succeeds Miss Kay
Hanley, who resigned in June and
was married during the summer
in Honolulu.

MISS BJORG HANSEN, Norwc
gian-honi I'hi Beta Kappa grad
uale of the University of Oregon,
is the new executive secretary of
the* YWCA at Stanford. Miss
Hansen conies to Stanford from
Rochester, N.Y.. where she did
community work in the Student
YWCA. She succeeds Miss Kay
Hanley, who resigned in June and
was married during the summer
in Honolulu.

MISS BJORG HANSEN, Norwc
gian-honi I'hi Beta Kappa grad
uale of the University of Oregon,
is the new executive secretary of
the* YWCA at Stanford. Miss
Hansen conies to Stanford from
Rochester, N.Y.. where she did
community work in the Student
YWCA. She succeeds Miss Kay
Hanley, who resigned in June and
was married during the summer
in Honolulu.

MISS BJORG HANSEN, Norwc
gian-honi I'hi Beta Kappa grad
uale of the University of Oregon,
is the new executive secretary of
the* YWCA at Stanford. Miss
Hansen conies to Stanford from
Rochester, N.Y.. where she did
community work in the Student
YWCA. She succeeds Miss Kay
Hanley, who resigned in June and
was married during the summer
in Honolulu.

MISS BJORG HANSEN, Norwc
gian-honi I'hi Beta Kappa grad
uale of the University of Oregon,
is the new executive secretary of
the* YWCA at Stanford. Miss
Hansen conies to Stanford from
Rochester, N.Y.. where she did
community work in the Student
YWCA. She succeeds Miss Kay
Hanley, who resigned in June and
was married during the summer
in Honolulu.

MISS BJORG HANSEN, Norwc
gian-honi I'hi Beta Kappa grad
uale of the University of Oregon,
is the new executive secretary of
the* YWCA at Stanford. Miss
Hansen conies to Stanford from
Rochester, N.Y.. where she did
community work in the Student
YWCA. She succeeds Miss Kay
Hanley, who resigned in June and
was married during the summer
in Honolulu.

MISS BJORG HANSEN, Norwc
gian-honi I'hi Beta Kappa grad
uale of the University of Oregon,
is the new executive secretary of
the* YWCA at Stanford. Miss
Hansen conies to Stanford from
Rochester, N.Y.. where she did
community work in the Student
YWCA. She succeeds Miss Kay
Hanley, who resigned in June and
was married during the summer
in Honolulu.

MISS BJORG HANSEN, Norwc
gian-honi I'hi Beta Kappa grad
uale of the University of Oregon,
is the new executive secretary of
the* YWCA at Stanford. Miss
Hansen conies to Stanford from
Rochester, N.Y.. where she did
community work in the Student
YWCA. She succeeds Miss Kay
Hanley, who resigned in June and
was married during the summer
in Honolulu.

MISS BJORG HANSEN, Norwc
gian-honi I'hi Beta Kappa grad
uale of the University of Oregon,
is the new executive secretary of
the* YWCA at Stanford. Miss
Hansen conies to Stanford from
Rochester, N.Y.. where she did
community work in the Student
YWCA. She succeeds Miss Kay
Hanley, who resigned in June and
was married during the summer
in Honolulu.

MISS BJORG HANSEN, Norwc
gian-honi I'hi Beta Kappa grad
uale of the University of Oregon,
is the new executive secretary of
the* YWCA at Stanford. Miss
Hansen conies to Stanford from
Rochester, N.Y.. where she did
community work in the Student
YWCA. She succeeds Miss Kay
Hanley, who resigned in June and
was married during the summer
in Honolulu.
