# Knoll Plans Dance For Farm Vets
## 
### 
All graduate women, on or of!
campus, will give an informal dance
at Knoll House this Saturday night,
from 8:D0 to 1. Hibiscus, trailing
arbutus vine, and other flowers will
carry out the spring theme of the
dance.
Juniper Lodge, Hilltop House, and
the Knoll will give the dance joint
ly, and all veterans and graduate
men are invited to attend. "This is
the chance for veterans to meet the
girls they would have graduated
with," said Grace Ablow, social
chairman for Juniper Lodge.
Committee members for the dance
are Martha Jane Stropes from Ma
drono Annex, publicity; Frances
Knowlton, Knoll, decorations; Ruth
Albrecht, Hilltop, music; Grace Ah
blow. Juniper Lodge, refreshments;
Lorrain Streblow, Hurlburt, ex-of
ficio as graduate woman on Excom;
and Jean Levorsen, representative
of off-campus graduate women's as
sociation.
