# Campers Will Form Alpine Club Today
## 
### 
All "Tomahawk Toters" inter
ested in hiking, camping, and
mountain climbing are invited to
attend a meeting, to organize an
Alpine Club, to be held today at
4:15 p.m. in room 70 of the Edu
cation building.
All "Tomahawk Toters" inter
ested in hiking, camping, and
mountain climbing are invited to
attend a meeting, to organize an
Alpine Club, to be held today at
4:15 p.m. in room 70 of the Edu
cation building.
All "Tomahawk Toters" inter
ested in hiking, camping, and
mountain climbing are invited to
attend a meeting, to organize an
Alpine Club, to be held today at
4:15 p.m. in room 70 of the Edu
cation building.
All "Tomahawk Toters" inter
ested in hiking, camping, and
mountain climbing are invited to
attend a meeting, to organize an
Alpine Club, to be held today at
4:15 p.m. in room 70 of the Edu
cation building.
All "Tomahawk Toters" inter
ested in hiking, camping, and
mountain climbing are invited to
attend a meeting, to organize an
Alpine Club, to be held today at
4:15 p.m. in room 70 of the Edu
cation building.
All "Tomahawk Toters" inter
ested in hiking, camping, and
mountain climbing are invited to
attend a meeting, to organize an
Alpine Club, to be held today at
4:15 p.m. in room 70 of the Edu
cation building.
All "Tomahawk Toters" inter
ested in hiking, camping, and
mountain climbing are invited to
attend a meeting, to organize an
Alpine Club, to be held today at
4:15 p.m. in room 70 of the Edu
cation building.
All "Tomahawk Toters" inter
ested in hiking, camping, and
mountain climbing are invited to
attend a meeting, to organize an
Alpine Club, to be held today at
4:15 p.m. in room 70 of the Edu
cation building.
All "Tomahawk Toters" inter
ested in hiking, camping, and
mountain climbing are invited to
attend a meeting, to organize an
Alpine Club, to be held today at
4:15 p.m. in room 70 of the Edu
cation building.
All "Tomahawk Toters" inter
ested in hiking, camping, and
mountain climbing are invited to
attend a meeting, to organize an
Alpine Club, to be held today at
4:15 p.m. in room 70 of the Edu
cation building.
All "Tomahawk Toters" inter
ested in hiking, camping, and
mountain climbing are invited to
attend a meeting, to organize an
Alpine Club, to be held today at
4:15 p.m. in room 70 of the Edu
cation building.
All "Tomahawk Toters" inter
ested in hiking, camping, and
mountain climbing are invited to
attend a meeting, to organize an
Alpine Club, to be held today at
4:15 p.m. in room 70 of the Edu
cation building.
All "Tomahawk Toters" inter
ested in hiking, camping, and
mountain climbing are invited to
attend a meeting, to organize an
Alpine Club, to be held today at
4:15 p.m. in room 70 of the Edu
cation building.
All "Tomahawk Toters" inter
ested in hiking, camping, and
mountain climbing are invited to
attend a meeting, to organize an
Alpine Club, to be held today at
4:15 p.m. in room 70 of the Edu
cation building.
All "Tomahawk Toters" inter
ested in hiking, camping, and
mountain climbing are invited to
attend a meeting, to organize an
Alpine Club, to be held today at
4:15 p.m. in room 70 of the Edu
cation building.
