# Sports The Stanford Daily
## 
### 

GOLFER BYRON NELSON studies strategy of next shot, 15 yards oft' the fairway, during the San
Francisco Open, his last tournament before going into temporary retirement. Lord Byron was good on
his try after removing a large limb which blocked his approach.

GOLFER BYRON NELSON studies strategy of next shot, 15 yards oft' the fairway, during the San
Francisco Open, his last tournament before going into temporary retirement. Lord Byron was good on
his try after removing a large limb which blocked his approach.

GOLFER BYRON NELSON studies strategy of next shot, 15 yards oft' the fairway, during the San
Francisco Open, his last tournament before going into temporary retirement. Lord Byron was good on
his try after removing a large limb which blocked his approach.

GOLFER BYRON NELSON studies strategy of next shot, 15 yards oft' the fairway, during the San
Francisco Open, his last tournament before going into temporary retirement. Lord Byron was good on
his try after removing a large limb which blocked his approach.

GOLFER BYRON NELSON studies strategy of next shot, 15 yards oft' the fairway, during the San
Francisco Open, his last tournament before going into temporary retirement. Lord Byron was good on
his try after removing a large limb which blocked his approach.

GOLFER BYRON NELSON studies strategy of next shot, 15 yards oft' the fairway, during the San
Francisco Open, his last tournament before going into temporary retirement. Lord Byron was good on
his try after removing a large limb which blocked his approach.

GOLFER BYRON NELSON studies strategy of next shot, 15 yards oft' the fairway, during the San
Francisco Open, his last tournament before going into temporary retirement. Lord Byron was good on
his try after removing a large limb which blocked his approach.

GOLFER BYRON NELSON studies strategy of next shot, 15 yards oft' the fairway, during the San
Francisco Open, his last tournament before going into temporary retirement. Lord Byron was good on
his try after removing a large limb which blocked his approach.

GOLFER BYRON NELSON studies strategy of next shot, 15 yards oft' the fairway, during the San
Francisco Open, his last tournament before going into temporary retirement. Lord Byron was good on
his try after removing a large limb which blocked his approach.

GOLFER BYRON NELSON studies strategy of next shot, 15 yards oft' the fairway, during the San
Francisco Open, his last tournament before going into temporary retirement. Lord Byron was good on
his try after removing a large limb which blocked his approach.

GOLFER BYRON NELSON studies strategy of next shot, 15 yards oft' the fairway, during the San
Francisco Open, his last tournament before going into temporary retirement. Lord Byron was good on
his try after removing a large limb which blocked his approach.

GOLFER BYRON NELSON studies strategy of next shot, 15 yards oft' the fairway, during the San
Francisco Open, his last tournament before going into temporary retirement. Lord Byron was good on
his try after removing a large limb which blocked his approach.

GOLFER BYRON NELSON studies strategy of next shot, 15 yards oft' the fairway, during the San
Francisco Open, his last tournament before going into temporary retirement. Lord Byron was good on
his try after removing a large limb which blocked his approach.

GOLFER BYRON NELSON studies strategy of next shot, 15 yards oft' the fairway, during the San
Francisco Open, his last tournament before going into temporary retirement. Lord Byron was good on
his try after removing a large limb which blocked his approach.

GOLFER BYRON NELSON studies strategy of next shot, 15 yards oft' the fairway, during the San
Francisco Open, his last tournament before going into temporary retirement. Lord Byron was good on
his try after removing a large limb which blocked his approach.
