# Johnston To Talk On Farm Debates
## 
### 
Dr. Russell F. Johnston, Acting
Assistant Professor of Speech and
Drama, will speak before the regu
lar Luncheon Club meeting in the
Women's Clubhouse tomorrow noon,
on the subject of Stanford debating.
Bob Gros, former Farm student
manager, the scheduled speaker; was
unable to make the date, and Dr.
Johnston, who had been asked to
speak before the club later in the

quarter, consented to an exchange
of days. Gros will speak before the
club on April 6.
Dr. Johnston will first present the
views on Stanford's debate set-up
and methods which he formed as an
outsider and rival debate coach,
whose teams had met Stanford's in
forensic competition; and will tell
how these views have been modified
or changed since he came to the
Farm.
