# THE 						STANFORD DAILY Sports
## Gridmen Warm Up at Spring Practice 
### WALT PETERSON, Sports Editor 

VARSITY FOOTBALL team turned out yesterday for the first day of
spring practice under the guidance of Coach Tiny Thornhill. Prom
inent prospects for next fall's squad are, left to right, Pete Zagar,
tackle, and Irv Cummings, end.


VARSITY FOOTBALL team turned out yesterday for the first day of
spring practice under the guidance of Coach Tiny Thornhill. Prom
inent prospects for next fall's squad are, left to right, Pete Zagar,
tackle, and Irv Cummings, end.


VARSITY FOOTBALL team turned out yesterday for the first day of
spring practice under the guidance of Coach Tiny Thornhill. Prom
inent prospects for next fall's squad are, left to right, Pete Zagar,
tackle, and Irv Cummings, end.


VARSITY FOOTBALL team turned out yesterday for the first day of
spring practice under the guidance of Coach Tiny Thornhill. Prom
inent prospects for next fall's squad are, left to right, Pete Zagar,
tackle, and Irv Cummings, end.


VARSITY FOOTBALL team turned out yesterday for the first day of
spring practice under the guidance of Coach Tiny Thornhill. Prom
inent prospects for next fall's squad are, left to right, Pete Zagar,
tackle, and Irv Cummings, end.


VARSITY FOOTBALL team turned out yesterday for the first day of
spring practice under the guidance of Coach Tiny Thornhill. Prom
inent prospects for next fall's squad are, left to right, Pete Zagar,
tackle, and Irv Cummings, end.


VARSITY FOOTBALL team turned out yesterday for the first day of
spring practice under the guidance of Coach Tiny Thornhill. Prom
inent prospects for next fall's squad are, left to right, Pete Zagar,
tackle, and Irv Cummings, end.


VARSITY FOOTBALL team turned out yesterday for the first day of
spring practice under the guidance of Coach Tiny Thornhill. Prom
inent prospects for next fall's squad are, left to right, Pete Zagar,
tackle, and Irv Cummings, end.


VARSITY FOOTBALL team turned out yesterday for the first day of
spring practice under the guidance of Coach Tiny Thornhill. Prom
inent prospects for next fall's squad are, left to right, Pete Zagar,
tackle, and Irv Cummings, end.


VARSITY FOOTBALL team turned out yesterday for the first day of
spring practice under the guidance of Coach Tiny Thornhill. Prom
inent prospects for next fall's squad are, left to right, Pete Zagar,
tackle, and Irv Cummings, end.


VARSITY FOOTBALL team turned out yesterday for the first day of
spring practice under the guidance of Coach Tiny Thornhill. Prom
inent prospects for next fall's squad are, left to right, Pete Zagar,
tackle, and Irv Cummings, end.


VARSITY FOOTBALL team turned out yesterday for the first day of
spring practice under the guidance of Coach Tiny Thornhill. Prom
inent prospects for next fall's squad are, left to right, Pete Zagar,
tackle, and Irv Cummings, end.


VARSITY FOOTBALL team turned out yesterday for the first day of
spring practice under the guidance of Coach Tiny Thornhill. Prom
inent prospects for next fall's squad are, left to right, Pete Zagar,
tackle, and Irv Cummings, end.


VARSITY FOOTBALL team turned out yesterday for the first day of
spring practice under the guidance of Coach Tiny Thornhill. Prom
inent prospects for next fall's squad are, left to right, Pete Zagar,
tackle, and Irv Cummings, end.


VARSITY FOOTBALL team turned out yesterday for the first day of
spring practice under the guidance of Coach Tiny Thornhill. Prom
inent prospects for next fall's squad are, left to right, Pete Zagar,
tackle, and Irv Cummings, end.

