# Will Rogers' Son Gets Married
## 
### 

J AMI'S BLAKK KCX.FKS, son of the late Will Holers, and Miss Mar
guerite Astrca Kemmler Merc married in SI. John's Episcopal ( lunch
I>««s Angeles, iast Saturday. Here the couple are shown as thi\> let
the marriage license bureau last week.

J AMI'S BLAKK KCX.FKS, son of the late Will Holers, and Miss Mar
guerite Astrca Kemmler Merc married in SI. John's Episcopal ( lunch
I>««s Angeles, iast Saturday. Here the couple are shown as thi\> let
the marriage license bureau last week.

J AMI'S BLAKK KCX.FKS, son of the late Will Holers, and Miss Mar
guerite Astrca Kemmler Merc married in SI. John's Episcopal ( lunch
I>««s Angeles, iast Saturday. Here the couple are shown as thi\> let
the marriage license bureau last week.

J AMI'S BLAKK KCX.FKS, son of the late Will Holers, and Miss Mar
guerite Astrca Kemmler Merc married in SI. John's Episcopal ( lunch
I>««s Angeles, iast Saturday. Here the couple are shown as thi\> let
the marriage license bureau last week.

J AMI'S BLAKK KCX.FKS, son of the late Will Holers, and Miss Mar
guerite Astrca Kemmler Merc married in SI. John's Episcopal ( lunch
I>««s Angeles, iast Saturday. Here the couple are shown as thi\> let
the marriage license bureau last week.

J AMI'S BLAKK KCX.FKS, son of the late Will Holers, and Miss Mar
guerite Astrca Kemmler Merc married in SI. John's Episcopal ( lunch
I>««s Angeles, iast Saturday. Here the couple are shown as thi\> let
the marriage license bureau last week.

J AMI'S BLAKK KCX.FKS, son of the late Will Holers, and Miss Mar
guerite Astrca Kemmler Merc married in SI. John's Episcopal ( lunch
I>««s Angeles, iast Saturday. Here the couple are shown as thi\> let
the marriage license bureau last week.

J AMI'S BLAKK KCX.FKS, son of the late Will Holers, and Miss Mar
guerite Astrca Kemmler Merc married in SI. John's Episcopal ( lunch
I>««s Angeles, iast Saturday. Here the couple are shown as thi\> let
the marriage license bureau last week.

J AMI'S BLAKK KCX.FKS, son of the late Will Holers, and Miss Mar
guerite Astrca Kemmler Merc married in SI. John's Episcopal ( lunch
I>««s Angeles, iast Saturday. Here the couple are shown as thi\> let
the marriage license bureau last week.

J AMI'S BLAKK KCX.FKS, son of the late Will Holers, and Miss Mar
guerite Astrca Kemmler Merc married in SI. John's Episcopal ( lunch
I>««s Angeles, iast Saturday. Here the couple are shown as thi\> let
the marriage license bureau last week.

J AMI'S BLAKK KCX.FKS, son of the late Will Holers, and Miss Mar
guerite Astrca Kemmler Merc married in SI. John's Episcopal ( lunch
I>««s Angeles, iast Saturday. Here the couple are shown as thi\> let
the marriage license bureau last week.

J AMI'S BLAKK KCX.FKS, son of the late Will Holers, and Miss Mar
guerite Astrca Kemmler Merc married in SI. John's Episcopal ( lunch
I>««s Angeles, iast Saturday. Here the couple are shown as thi\> let
the marriage license bureau last week.

J AMI'S BLAKK KCX.FKS, son of the late Will Holers, and Miss Mar
guerite Astrca Kemmler Merc married in SI. John's Episcopal ( lunch
I>««s Angeles, iast Saturday. Here the couple are shown as thi\> let
the marriage license bureau last week.

J AMI'S BLAKK KCX.FKS, son of the late Will Holers, and Miss Mar
guerite Astrca Kemmler Merc married in SI. John's Episcopal ( lunch
I>««s Angeles, iast Saturday. Here the couple are shown as thi\> let
the marriage license bureau last week.

J AMI'S BLAKK KCX.FKS, son of the late Will Holers, and Miss Mar
guerite Astrca Kemmler Merc married in SI. John's Episcopal ( lunch
I>««s Angeles, iast Saturday. Here the couple are shown as thi\> let
the marriage license bureau last week.
