# Chappies Return With Big Plans
## 
### 
The Chappies are back, after not
flunking out, in their sumptuous
suites in the Press Building doing
little chores in preparation of the
best issue of the year, they say. A
new contributor has been welcomed
into the ranks and it is none other
than Shirley Temple of Shirley Tem
ple fame.
Editor Hart man has become spring
conscious and has taken to planting
flowers in the office. To celebrate
the coming of this long awaited sea
son the next issue will be devoted to
green-up time and track. There will
probably be pictures.
The next issue will grace the
stands on the Quad April 20, and if
you get there early enough you may
be lucky enough to get a copy. With
the increased number of contribu
tors, the Chappies go fast.
The Chappies are back, after not
flunking out, in their sumptuous
suites in the Press Building doing
little chores in preparation of the
best issue of the year, they say. A
new contributor has been welcomed
into the ranks and it is none other
than Shirley Temple of Shirley Tem
ple fame.
Editor Hart man has become spring
conscious and has taken to planting
flowers in the office. To celebrate
the coming of this long awaited sea
son the next issue will be devoted to
green-up time and track. There will
probably be pictures.
The next issue will grace the
stands on the Quad April 20, and if
you get there early enough you may
be lucky enough to get a copy. With
the increased number of contribu
tors, the Chappies go fast.
The Chappies are back, after not
flunking out, in their sumptuous
suites in the Press Building doing
little chores in preparation of the
best issue of the year, they say. A
new contributor has been welcomed
into the ranks and it is none other
than Shirley Temple of Shirley Tem
ple fame.
Editor Hart man has become spring
conscious and has taken to planting
flowers in the office. To celebrate
the coming of this long awaited sea
son the next issue will be devoted to
green-up time and track. There will
probably be pictures.
The next issue will grace the
stands on the Quad April 20, and if
you get there early enough you may
be lucky enough to get a copy. With
the increased number of contribu
tors, the Chappies go fast.
The Chappies are back, after not
flunking out, in their sumptuous
suites in the Press Building doing
little chores in preparation of the
best issue of the year, they say. A
new contributor has been welcomed
into the ranks and it is none other
than Shirley Temple of Shirley Tem
ple fame.
Editor Hart man has become spring
conscious and has taken to planting
flowers in the office. To celebrate
the coming of this long awaited sea
son the next issue will be devoted to
green-up time and track. There will
probably be pictures.
The next issue will grace the
stands on the Quad April 20, and if
you get there early enough you may
be lucky enough to get a copy. With
the increased number of contribu
tors, the Chappies go fast.
The Chappies are back, after not
flunking out, in their sumptuous
suites in the Press Building doing
little chores in preparation of the
best issue of the year, they say. A
new contributor has been welcomed
into the ranks and it is none other
than Shirley Temple of Shirley Tem
ple fame.
Editor Hart man has become spring
conscious and has taken to planting
flowers in the office. To celebrate
the coming of this long awaited sea
son the next issue will be devoted to
green-up time and track. There will
probably be pictures.
The next issue will grace the
stands on the Quad April 20, and if
you get there early enough you may
be lucky enough to get a copy. With
the increased number of contribu
tors, the Chappies go fast.
The Chappies are back, after not
flunking out, in their sumptuous
suites in the Press Building doing
little chores in preparation of the
best issue of the year, they say. A
new contributor has been welcomed
into the ranks and it is none other
than Shirley Temple of Shirley Tem
ple fame.
Editor Hart man has become spring
conscious and has taken to planting
flowers in the office. To celebrate
the coming of this long awaited sea
son the next issue will be devoted to
green-up time and track. There will
probably be pictures.
The next issue will grace the
stands on the Quad April 20, and if
you get there early enough you may
be lucky enough to get a copy. With
the increased number of contribu
tors, the Chappies go fast.
The Chappies are back, after not
flunking out, in their sumptuous
suites in the Press Building doing
little chores in preparation of the
best issue of the year, they say. A
new contributor has been welcomed
into the ranks and it is none other
than Shirley Temple of Shirley Tem
ple fame.
Editor Hart man has become spring
conscious and has taken to planting
flowers in the office. To celebrate
the coming of this long awaited sea
son the next issue will be devoted to
green-up time and track. There will
probably be pictures.
The next issue will grace the
stands on the Quad April 20, and if
you get there early enough you may
be lucky enough to get a copy. With
the increased number of contribu
tors, the Chappies go fast.
The Chappies are back, after not
flunking out, in their sumptuous
suites in the Press Building doing
little chores in preparation of the
best issue of the year, they say. A
new contributor has been welcomed
into the ranks and it is none other
than Shirley Temple of Shirley Tem
ple fame.
Editor Hart man has become spring
conscious and has taken to planting
flowers in the office. To celebrate
the coming of this long awaited sea
son the next issue will be devoted to
green-up time and track. There will
probably be pictures.
The next issue will grace the
stands on the Quad April 20, and if
you get there early enough you may
be lucky enough to get a copy. With
the increased number of contribu
tors, the Chappies go fast.
The Chappies are back, after not
flunking out, in their sumptuous
suites in the Press Building doing
little chores in preparation of the
best issue of the year, they say. A
new contributor has been welcomed
into the ranks and it is none other
than Shirley Temple of Shirley Tem
ple fame.
Editor Hart man has become spring
conscious and has taken to planting
flowers in the office. To celebrate
the coming of this long awaited sea
son the next issue will be devoted to
green-up time and track. There will
probably be pictures.
The next issue will grace the
stands on the Quad April 20, and if
you get there early enough you may
be lucky enough to get a copy. With
the increased number of contribu
tors, the Chappies go fast.
The Chappies are back, after not
flunking out, in their sumptuous
suites in the Press Building doing
little chores in preparation of the
best issue of the year, they say. A
new contributor has been welcomed
into the ranks and it is none other
than Shirley Temple of Shirley Tem
ple fame.
Editor Hart man has become spring
conscious and has taken to planting
flowers in the office. To celebrate
the coming of this long awaited sea
son the next issue will be devoted to
green-up time and track. There will
probably be pictures.
The next issue will grace the
stands on the Quad April 20, and if
you get there early enough you may
be lucky enough to get a copy. With
the increased number of contribu
tors, the Chappies go fast.
The Chappies are back, after not
flunking out, in their sumptuous
suites in the Press Building doing
little chores in preparation of the
best issue of the year, they say. A
new contributor has been welcomed
into the ranks and it is none other
than Shirley Temple of Shirley Tem
ple fame.
Editor Hart man has become spring
conscious and has taken to planting
flowers in the office. To celebrate
the coming of this long awaited sea
son the next issue will be devoted to
green-up time and track. There will
probably be pictures.
The next issue will grace the
stands on the Quad April 20, and if
you get there early enough you may
be lucky enough to get a copy. With
the increased number of contribu
tors, the Chappies go fast.
The Chappies are back, after not
flunking out, in their sumptuous
suites in the Press Building doing
little chores in preparation of the
best issue of the year, they say. A
new contributor has been welcomed
into the ranks and it is none other
than Shirley Temple of Shirley Tem
ple fame.
Editor Hart man has become spring
conscious and has taken to planting
flowers in the office. To celebrate
the coming of this long awaited sea
son the next issue will be devoted to
green-up time and track. There will
probably be pictures.
The next issue will grace the
stands on the Quad April 20, and if
you get there early enough you may
be lucky enough to get a copy. With
the increased number of contribu
tors, the Chappies go fast.
The Chappies are back, after not
flunking out, in their sumptuous
suites in the Press Building doing
little chores in preparation of the
best issue of the year, they say. A
new contributor has been welcomed
into the ranks and it is none other
than Shirley Temple of Shirley Tem
ple fame.
Editor Hart man has become spring
conscious and has taken to planting
flowers in the office. To celebrate
the coming of this long awaited sea
son the next issue will be devoted to
green-up time and track. There will
probably be pictures.
The next issue will grace the
stands on the Quad April 20, and if
you get there early enough you may
be lucky enough to get a copy. With
the increased number of contribu
tors, the Chappies go fast.
The Chappies are back, after not
flunking out, in their sumptuous
suites in the Press Building doing
little chores in preparation of the
best issue of the year, they say. A
new contributor has been welcomed
into the ranks and it is none other
than Shirley Temple of Shirley Tem
ple fame.
Editor Hart man has become spring
conscious and has taken to planting
flowers in the office. To celebrate
the coming of this long awaited sea
son the next issue will be devoted to
green-up time and track. There will
probably be pictures.
The next issue will grace the
stands on the Quad April 20, and if
you get there early enough you may
be lucky enough to get a copy. With
the increased number of contribu
tors, the Chappies go fast.
The Chappies are back, after not
flunking out, in their sumptuous
suites in the Press Building doing
little chores in preparation of the
best issue of the year, they say. A
new contributor has been welcomed
into the ranks and it is none other
than Shirley Temple of Shirley Tem
ple fame.
Editor Hart man has become spring
conscious and has taken to planting
flowers in the office. To celebrate
the coming of this long awaited sea
son the next issue will be devoted to
green-up time and track. There will
probably be pictures.
The next issue will grace the
stands on the Quad April 20, and if
you get there early enough you may
be lucky enough to get a copy. With
the increased number of contribu
tors, the Chappies go fast.
