# PALM DRIVE IS NOW PERMANENT AUTO ROAD
## Old Motor Road Will Be Resurfaced for Heavy Team Travel. 
### 
Following the improvement of Palm
D.rive last week, the first auto made
its debut on the new motor road Sat
urday morning, speeding from Palo
Alto the Quad, thereby breaking a
Stanford tradition that has been in
vogue since the founding of the Uni
versity, and at the same time estab
lishing a new precedent on the cam
pus.
Hereafter. Palm Drive will be the
highway of automobiles on the cam
pus. instead of the road of delivery
wagons to the Stanford community.
An attempt will be made to divert
heavy teaming, and as many horse
drawn vehicles as possible to the old
auto .road through the Arboretum.
Plans are being made to re-surface
the old road and make it practical for
use by teams.
Saturday all guards along any of the
roads were called off. and hereafter
no attempt will be made by University
authorities to control the use of the
roads. TTowever. it is expected that
Palo Alto people, as well as those on
the Stanford campus, will help to
make a tradition as strong as the old
one, that wagons will take the former
auto road, and machines will come to
the Universitv via Palm Drive.
Following the improvement of Palm
D.rive last week, the first auto made
its debut on the new motor road Sat
urday morning, speeding from Palo
Alto the Quad, thereby breaking a
Stanford tradition that has been in
vogue since the founding of the Uni
versity, and at the same time estab
lishing a new precedent on the cam
pus.
Hereafter. Palm Drive will be the
highway of automobiles on the cam
pus. instead of the road of delivery
wagons to the Stanford community.
An attempt will be made to divert
heavy teaming, and as many horse
drawn vehicles as possible to the old
auto .road through the Arboretum.
Plans are being made to re-surface
the old road and make it practical for
use by teams.
Saturday all guards along any of the
roads were called off. and hereafter
no attempt will be made by University
authorities to control the use of the
roads. TTowever. it is expected that
Palo Alto people, as well as those on
the Stanford campus, will help to
make a tradition as strong as the old
one, that wagons will take the former
auto road, and machines will come to
the Universitv via Palm Drive.
Following the improvement of Palm
D.rive last week, the first auto made
its debut on the new motor road Sat
urday morning, speeding from Palo
Alto the Quad, thereby breaking a
Stanford tradition that has been in
vogue since the founding of the Uni
versity, and at the same time estab
lishing a new precedent on the cam
pus.
Hereafter. Palm Drive will be the
highway of automobiles on the cam
pus. instead of the road of delivery
wagons to the Stanford community.
An attempt will be made to divert
heavy teaming, and as many horse
drawn vehicles as possible to the old
auto .road through the Arboretum.
Plans are being made to re-surface
the old road and make it practical for
use by teams.
Saturday all guards along any of the
roads were called off. and hereafter
no attempt will be made by University
authorities to control the use of the
roads. TTowever. it is expected that
Palo Alto people, as well as those on
the Stanford campus, will help to
make a tradition as strong as the old
one, that wagons will take the former
auto road, and machines will come to
the Universitv via Palm Drive.
Following the improvement of Palm
D.rive last week, the first auto made
its debut on the new motor road Sat
urday morning, speeding from Palo
Alto the Quad, thereby breaking a
Stanford tradition that has been in
vogue since the founding of the Uni
versity, and at the same time estab
lishing a new precedent on the cam
pus.
Hereafter. Palm Drive will be the
highway of automobiles on the cam
pus. instead of the road of delivery
wagons to the Stanford community.
An attempt will be made to divert
heavy teaming, and as many horse
drawn vehicles as possible to the old
auto .road through the Arboretum.
Plans are being made to re-surface
the old road and make it practical for
use by teams.
Saturday all guards along any of the
roads were called off. and hereafter
no attempt will be made by University
authorities to control the use of the
roads. TTowever. it is expected that
Palo Alto people, as well as those on
the Stanford campus, will help to
make a tradition as strong as the old
one, that wagons will take the former
auto road, and machines will come to
the Universitv via Palm Drive.
Following the improvement of Palm
D.rive last week, the first auto made
its debut on the new motor road Sat
urday morning, speeding from Palo
Alto the Quad, thereby breaking a
Stanford tradition that has been in
vogue since the founding of the Uni
versity, and at the same time estab
lishing a new precedent on the cam
pus.
Hereafter. Palm Drive will be the
highway of automobiles on the cam
pus. instead of the road of delivery
wagons to the Stanford community.
An attempt will be made to divert
heavy teaming, and as many horse
drawn vehicles as possible to the old
auto .road through the Arboretum.
Plans are being made to re-surface
the old road and make it practical for
use by teams.
Saturday all guards along any of the
roads were called off. and hereafter
no attempt will be made by University
authorities to control the use of the
roads. TTowever. it is expected that
Palo Alto people, as well as those on
the Stanford campus, will help to
make a tradition as strong as the old
one, that wagons will take the former
auto road, and machines will come to
the Universitv via Palm Drive.
Following the improvement of Palm
D.rive last week, the first auto made
its debut on the new motor road Sat
urday morning, speeding from Palo
Alto the Quad, thereby breaking a
Stanford tradition that has been in
vogue since the founding of the Uni
versity, and at the same time estab
lishing a new precedent on the cam
pus.
Hereafter. Palm Drive will be the
highway of automobiles on the cam
pus. instead of the road of delivery
wagons to the Stanford community.
An attempt will be made to divert
heavy teaming, and as many horse
drawn vehicles as possible to the old
auto .road through the Arboretum.
Plans are being made to re-surface
the old road and make it practical for
use by teams.
Saturday all guards along any of the
roads were called off. and hereafter
no attempt will be made by University
authorities to control the use of the
roads. TTowever. it is expected that
Palo Alto people, as well as those on
the Stanford campus, will help to
make a tradition as strong as the old
one, that wagons will take the former
auto road, and machines will come to
the Universitv via Palm Drive.
Following the improvement of Palm
D.rive last week, the first auto made
its debut on the new motor road Sat
urday morning, speeding from Palo
Alto the Quad, thereby breaking a
Stanford tradition that has been in
vogue since the founding of the Uni
versity, and at the same time estab
lishing a new precedent on the cam
pus.
Hereafter. Palm Drive will be the
highway of automobiles on the cam
pus. instead of the road of delivery
wagons to the Stanford community.
An attempt will be made to divert
heavy teaming, and as many horse
drawn vehicles as possible to the old
auto .road through the Arboretum.
Plans are being made to re-surface
the old road and make it practical for
use by teams.
Saturday all guards along any of the
roads were called off. and hereafter
no attempt will be made by University
authorities to control the use of the
roads. TTowever. it is expected that
Palo Alto people, as well as those on
the Stanford campus, will help to
make a tradition as strong as the old
one, that wagons will take the former
auto road, and machines will come to
the Universitv via Palm Drive.
Following the improvement of Palm
D.rive last week, the first auto made
its debut on the new motor road Sat
urday morning, speeding from Palo
Alto the Quad, thereby breaking a
Stanford tradition that has been in
vogue since the founding of the Uni
versity, and at the same time estab
lishing a new precedent on the cam
pus.
Hereafter. Palm Drive will be the
highway of automobiles on the cam
pus. instead of the road of delivery
wagons to the Stanford community.
An attempt will be made to divert
heavy teaming, and as many horse
drawn vehicles as possible to the old
auto .road through the Arboretum.
Plans are being made to re-surface
the old road and make it practical for
use by teams.
Saturday all guards along any of the
roads were called off. and hereafter
no attempt will be made by University
authorities to control the use of the
roads. TTowever. it is expected that
Palo Alto people, as well as those on
the Stanford campus, will help to
make a tradition as strong as the old
one, that wagons will take the former
auto road, and machines will come to
the Universitv via Palm Drive.
Following the improvement of Palm
D.rive last week, the first auto made
its debut on the new motor road Sat
urday morning, speeding from Palo
Alto the Quad, thereby breaking a
Stanford tradition that has been in
vogue since the founding of the Uni
versity, and at the same time estab
lishing a new precedent on the cam
pus.
Hereafter. Palm Drive will be the
highway of automobiles on the cam
pus. instead of the road of delivery
wagons to the Stanford community.
An attempt will be made to divert
heavy teaming, and as many horse
drawn vehicles as possible to the old
auto .road through the Arboretum.
Plans are being made to re-surface
the old road and make it practical for
use by teams.
Saturday all guards along any of the
roads were called off. and hereafter
no attempt will be made by University
authorities to control the use of the
roads. TTowever. it is expected that
Palo Alto people, as well as those on
the Stanford campus, will help to
make a tradition as strong as the old
one, that wagons will take the former
auto road, and machines will come to
the Universitv via Palm Drive.
Following the improvement of Palm
D.rive last week, the first auto made
its debut on the new motor road Sat
urday morning, speeding from Palo
Alto the Quad, thereby breaking a
Stanford tradition that has been in
vogue since the founding of the Uni
versity, and at the same time estab
lishing a new precedent on the cam
pus.
Hereafter. Palm Drive will be the
highway of automobiles on the cam
pus. instead of the road of delivery
wagons to the Stanford community.
An attempt will be made to divert
heavy teaming, and as many horse
drawn vehicles as possible to the old
auto .road through the Arboretum.
Plans are being made to re-surface
the old road and make it practical for
use by teams.
Saturday all guards along any of the
roads were called off. and hereafter
no attempt will be made by University
authorities to control the use of the
roads. TTowever. it is expected that
Palo Alto people, as well as those on
the Stanford campus, will help to
make a tradition as strong as the old
one, that wagons will take the former
auto road, and machines will come to
the Universitv via Palm Drive.
Following the improvement of Palm
D.rive last week, the first auto made
its debut on the new motor road Sat
urday morning, speeding from Palo
Alto the Quad, thereby breaking a
Stanford tradition that has been in
vogue since the founding of the Uni
versity, and at the same time estab
lishing a new precedent on the cam
pus.
Hereafter. Palm Drive will be the
highway of automobiles on the cam
pus. instead of the road of delivery
wagons to the Stanford community.
An attempt will be made to divert
heavy teaming, and as many horse
drawn vehicles as possible to the old
auto .road through the Arboretum.
Plans are being made to re-surface
the old road and make it practical for
use by teams.
Saturday all guards along any of the
roads were called off. and hereafter
no attempt will be made by University
authorities to control the use of the
roads. TTowever. it is expected that
Palo Alto people, as well as those on
the Stanford campus, will help to
make a tradition as strong as the old
one, that wagons will take the former
auto road, and machines will come to
the Universitv via Palm Drive.
Following the improvement of Palm
D.rive last week, the first auto made
its debut on the new motor road Sat
urday morning, speeding from Palo
Alto the Quad, thereby breaking a
Stanford tradition that has been in
vogue since the founding of the Uni
versity, and at the same time estab
lishing a new precedent on the cam
pus.
Hereafter. Palm Drive will be the
highway of automobiles on the cam
pus. instead of the road of delivery
wagons to the Stanford community.
An attempt will be made to divert
heavy teaming, and as many horse
drawn vehicles as possible to the old
auto .road through the Arboretum.
Plans are being made to re-surface
the old road and make it practical for
use by teams.
Saturday all guards along any of the
roads were called off. and hereafter
no attempt will be made by University
authorities to control the use of the
roads. TTowever. it is expected that
Palo Alto people, as well as those on
the Stanford campus, will help to
make a tradition as strong as the old
one, that wagons will take the former
auto road, and machines will come to
the Universitv via Palm Drive.
Following the improvement of Palm
D.rive last week, the first auto made
its debut on the new motor road Sat
urday morning, speeding from Palo
Alto the Quad, thereby breaking a
Stanford tradition that has been in
vogue since the founding of the Uni
versity, and at the same time estab
lishing a new precedent on the cam
pus.
Hereafter. Palm Drive will be the
highway of automobiles on the cam
pus. instead of the road of delivery
wagons to the Stanford community.
An attempt will be made to divert
heavy teaming, and as many horse
drawn vehicles as possible to the old
auto .road through the Arboretum.
Plans are being made to re-surface
the old road and make it practical for
use by teams.
Saturday all guards along any of the
roads were called off. and hereafter
no attempt will be made by University
authorities to control the use of the
roads. TTowever. it is expected that
Palo Alto people, as well as those on
the Stanford campus, will help to
make a tradition as strong as the old
one, that wagons will take the former
auto road, and machines will come to
the Universitv via Palm Drive.
Following the improvement of Palm
D.rive last week, the first auto made
its debut on the new motor road Sat
urday morning, speeding from Palo
Alto the Quad, thereby breaking a
Stanford tradition that has been in
vogue since the founding of the Uni
versity, and at the same time estab
lishing a new precedent on the cam
pus.
Hereafter. Palm Drive will be the
highway of automobiles on the cam
pus. instead of the road of delivery
wagons to the Stanford community.
An attempt will be made to divert
heavy teaming, and as many horse
drawn vehicles as possible to the old
auto .road through the Arboretum.
Plans are being made to re-surface
the old road and make it practical for
use by teams.
Saturday all guards along any of the
roads were called off. and hereafter
no attempt will be made by University
authorities to control the use of the
roads. TTowever. it is expected that
Palo Alto people, as well as those on
the Stanford campus, will help to
make a tradition as strong as the old
one, that wagons will take the former
auto road, and machines will come to
the Universitv via Palm Drive.
