# KAISER JOINS HIS TROOPS
## 
### 
United Press Telegraphic lieport
Berlin, Nov. 30.—The official an
nouncement of General von Hinden
berg's promotion to chief in command
of the Teuton armies now engaged in
fighting the Russians in the east, and
the fact that the Kaiser has gone to
the front, has aroused much enthusi
asm in the capital. The war office
makes no claims of victory in Poland,
but admits the battle now progressing
is of a most desperate chaarcter.
United Press Telegraphic lieport
Berlin, Nov. 30.—The official an
nouncement of General von Hinden
berg's promotion to chief in command
of the Teuton armies now engaged in
fighting the Russians in the east, and
the fact that the Kaiser has gone to
the front, has aroused much enthusi
asm in the capital. The war office
makes no claims of victory in Poland,
but admits the battle now progressing
is of a most desperate chaarcter.
United Press Telegraphic lieport
Berlin, Nov. 30.—The official an
nouncement of General von Hinden
berg's promotion to chief in command
of the Teuton armies now engaged in
fighting the Russians in the east, and
the fact that the Kaiser has gone to
the front, has aroused much enthusi
asm in the capital. The war office
makes no claims of victory in Poland,
but admits the battle now progressing
is of a most desperate chaarcter.
United Press Telegraphic lieport
Berlin, Nov. 30.—The official an
nouncement of General von Hinden
berg's promotion to chief in command
of the Teuton armies now engaged in
fighting the Russians in the east, and
the fact that the Kaiser has gone to
the front, has aroused much enthusi
asm in the capital. The war office
makes no claims of victory in Poland,
but admits the battle now progressing
is of a most desperate chaarcter.
United Press Telegraphic lieport
Berlin, Nov. 30.—The official an
nouncement of General von Hinden
berg's promotion to chief in command
of the Teuton armies now engaged in
fighting the Russians in the east, and
the fact that the Kaiser has gone to
the front, has aroused much enthusi
asm in the capital. The war office
makes no claims of victory in Poland,
but admits the battle now progressing
is of a most desperate chaarcter.
United Press Telegraphic lieport
Berlin, Nov. 30.—The official an
nouncement of General von Hinden
berg's promotion to chief in command
of the Teuton armies now engaged in
fighting the Russians in the east, and
the fact that the Kaiser has gone to
the front, has aroused much enthusi
asm in the capital. The war office
makes no claims of victory in Poland,
but admits the battle now progressing
is of a most desperate chaarcter.
United Press Telegraphic lieport
Berlin, Nov. 30.—The official an
nouncement of General von Hinden
berg's promotion to chief in command
of the Teuton armies now engaged in
fighting the Russians in the east, and
the fact that the Kaiser has gone to
the front, has aroused much enthusi
asm in the capital. The war office
makes no claims of victory in Poland,
but admits the battle now progressing
is of a most desperate chaarcter.
United Press Telegraphic lieport
Berlin, Nov. 30.—The official an
nouncement of General von Hinden
berg's promotion to chief in command
of the Teuton armies now engaged in
fighting the Russians in the east, and
the fact that the Kaiser has gone to
the front, has aroused much enthusi
asm in the capital. The war office
makes no claims of victory in Poland,
but admits the battle now progressing
is of a most desperate chaarcter.
United Press Telegraphic lieport
Berlin, Nov. 30.—The official an
nouncement of General von Hinden
berg's promotion to chief in command
of the Teuton armies now engaged in
fighting the Russians in the east, and
the fact that the Kaiser has gone to
the front, has aroused much enthusi
asm in the capital. The war office
makes no claims of victory in Poland,
but admits the battle now progressing
is of a most desperate chaarcter.
United Press Telegraphic lieport
Berlin, Nov. 30.—The official an
nouncement of General von Hinden
berg's promotion to chief in command
of the Teuton armies now engaged in
fighting the Russians in the east, and
the fact that the Kaiser has gone to
the front, has aroused much enthusi
asm in the capital. The war office
makes no claims of victory in Poland,
but admits the battle now progressing
is of a most desperate chaarcter.
United Press Telegraphic lieport
Berlin, Nov. 30.—The official an
nouncement of General von Hinden
berg's promotion to chief in command
of the Teuton armies now engaged in
fighting the Russians in the east, and
the fact that the Kaiser has gone to
the front, has aroused much enthusi
asm in the capital. The war office
makes no claims of victory in Poland,
but admits the battle now progressing
is of a most desperate chaarcter.
United Press Telegraphic lieport
Berlin, Nov. 30.—The official an
nouncement of General von Hinden
berg's promotion to chief in command
of the Teuton armies now engaged in
fighting the Russians in the east, and
the fact that the Kaiser has gone to
the front, has aroused much enthusi
asm in the capital. The war office
makes no claims of victory in Poland,
but admits the battle now progressing
is of a most desperate chaarcter.
United Press Telegraphic lieport
Berlin, Nov. 30.—The official an
nouncement of General von Hinden
berg's promotion to chief in command
of the Teuton armies now engaged in
fighting the Russians in the east, and
the fact that the Kaiser has gone to
the front, has aroused much enthusi
asm in the capital. The war office
makes no claims of victory in Poland,
but admits the battle now progressing
is of a most desperate chaarcter.
United Press Telegraphic lieport
Berlin, Nov. 30.—The official an
nouncement of General von Hinden
berg's promotion to chief in command
of the Teuton armies now engaged in
fighting the Russians in the east, and
the fact that the Kaiser has gone to
the front, has aroused much enthusi
asm in the capital. The war office
makes no claims of victory in Poland,
but admits the battle now progressing
is of a most desperate chaarcter.
