# Dedication Again Postponed.
## 
### 
The dedicatory exercises of the
Memorial Church will not occur on
December 7th, as Mrs.Stanford may
not return from New York until
after the date mentioned. She has
suggested that the dedication take
place December 21st, but as that
Sunday falls in vacation it is safe
to say the date will again be
changed, possibly to December 14th.
The dedicatory exercises of the
Memorial Church will not occur on
December 7th, as Mrs.Stanford may
not return from New York until
after the date mentioned. She has
suggested that the dedication take
place December 21st, but as that
Sunday falls in vacation it is safe
to say the date will again be
changed, possibly to December 14th.
The dedicatory exercises of the
Memorial Church will not occur on
December 7th, as Mrs.Stanford may
not return from New York until
after the date mentioned. She has
suggested that the dedication take
place December 21st, but as that
Sunday falls in vacation it is safe
to say the date will again be
changed, possibly to December 14th.
The dedicatory exercises of the
Memorial Church will not occur on
December 7th, as Mrs.Stanford may
not return from New York until
after the date mentioned. She has
suggested that the dedication take
place December 21st, but as that
Sunday falls in vacation it is safe
to say the date will again be
changed, possibly to December 14th.
The dedicatory exercises of the
Memorial Church will not occur on
December 7th, as Mrs.Stanford may
not return from New York until
after the date mentioned. She has
suggested that the dedication take
place December 21st, but as that
Sunday falls in vacation it is safe
to say the date will again be
changed, possibly to December 14th.
The dedicatory exercises of the
Memorial Church will not occur on
December 7th, as Mrs.Stanford may
not return from New York until
after the date mentioned. She has
suggested that the dedication take
place December 21st, but as that
Sunday falls in vacation it is safe
to say the date will again be
changed, possibly to December 14th.
The dedicatory exercises of the
Memorial Church will not occur on
December 7th, as Mrs.Stanford may
not return from New York until
after the date mentioned. She has
suggested that the dedication take
place December 21st, but as that
Sunday falls in vacation it is safe
to say the date will again be
changed, possibly to December 14th.
The dedicatory exercises of the
Memorial Church will not occur on
December 7th, as Mrs.Stanford may
not return from New York until
after the date mentioned. She has
suggested that the dedication take
place December 21st, but as that
Sunday falls in vacation it is safe
to say the date will again be
changed, possibly to December 14th.
