# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Alice Ruth Buckwal
ter to Richard Lee Evans, ’6O.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Sue Ann Olsen to
George French Downs 111, ’62.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Alice Ruth Buckwal
ter to Richard Lee Evans, ’6O.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Sue Ann Olsen to
George French Downs 111, ’62.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Alice Ruth Buckwal
ter to Richard Lee Evans, ’6O.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Sue Ann Olsen to
George French Downs 111, ’62.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Alice Ruth Buckwal
ter to Richard Lee Evans, ’6O.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Sue Ann Olsen to
George French Downs 111, ’62.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Alice Ruth Buckwal
ter to Richard Lee Evans, ’6O.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Sue Ann Olsen to
George French Downs 111, ’62.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Alice Ruth Buckwal
ter to Richard Lee Evans, ’6O.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Sue Ann Olsen to
George French Downs 111, ’62.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Alice Ruth Buckwal
ter to Richard Lee Evans, ’6O.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Sue Ann Olsen to
George French Downs 111, ’62.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Alice Ruth Buckwal
ter to Richard Lee Evans, ’6O.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Sue Ann Olsen to
George French Downs 111, ’62.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Alice Ruth Buckwal
ter to Richard Lee Evans, ’6O.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Sue Ann Olsen to
George French Downs 111, ’62.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Alice Ruth Buckwal
ter to Richard Lee Evans, ’6O.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Sue Ann Olsen to
George French Downs 111, ’62.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Alice Ruth Buckwal
ter to Richard Lee Evans, ’6O.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Sue Ann Olsen to
George French Downs 111, ’62.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Alice Ruth Buckwal
ter to Richard Lee Evans, ’6O.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Sue Ann Olsen to
George French Downs 111, ’62.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Alice Ruth Buckwal
ter to Richard Lee Evans, ’6O.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Sue Ann Olsen to
George French Downs 111, ’62.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Alice Ruth Buckwal
ter to Richard Lee Evans, ’6O.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Sue Ann Olsen to
George French Downs 111, ’62.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Alice Ruth Buckwal
ter to Richard Lee Evans, ’6O.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Sue Ann Olsen to
George French Downs 111, ’62.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Alice Ruth Buckwal
ter to Richard Lee Evans, ’6O.
ENGAGEMENT
Cardenal announces the en
gagement of Sue Ann Olsen to
George French Downs 111, ’62.
