# Players to Show Sartre's 'No Exit'
## 
### 
“No Exit,” a one-act play by
Jean-Paul Sartre, will be present
ed by the Stanford Players in the
Little Theatre Thursday at 8:30
p.m.
The play, concerned with three
people doomed to live with each
other in one room through all
eternity, Is directed by William
Louis, and has been cast with
Dale Wilson as the valet, Michael
Rewa as Garcin, Gretchen Buter
baugh as Inez and Diane Bischoff
as Estelle.
“No Exit,” a one-act play by
Jean-Paul Sartre, will be present
ed by the Stanford Players in the
Little Theatre Thursday at 8:30
p.m.
The play, concerned with three
people doomed to live with each
other in one room through all
eternity, Is directed by William
Louis, and has been cast with
Dale Wilson as the valet, Michael
Rewa as Garcin, Gretchen Buter
baugh as Inez and Diane Bischoff
as Estelle.
“No Exit,” a one-act play by
Jean-Paul Sartre, will be present
ed by the Stanford Players in the
Little Theatre Thursday at 8:30
p.m.
The play, concerned with three
people doomed to live with each
other in one room through all
eternity, Is directed by William
Louis, and has been cast with
Dale Wilson as the valet, Michael
Rewa as Garcin, Gretchen Buter
baugh as Inez and Diane Bischoff
as Estelle.
“No Exit,” a one-act play by
Jean-Paul Sartre, will be present
ed by the Stanford Players in the
Little Theatre Thursday at 8:30
p.m.
The play, concerned with three
people doomed to live with each
other in one room through all
eternity, Is directed by William
Louis, and has been cast with
Dale Wilson as the valet, Michael
Rewa as Garcin, Gretchen Buter
baugh as Inez and Diane Bischoff
as Estelle.
“No Exit,” a one-act play by
Jean-Paul Sartre, will be present
ed by the Stanford Players in the
Little Theatre Thursday at 8:30
p.m.
The play, concerned with three
people doomed to live with each
other in one room through all
eternity, Is directed by William
Louis, and has been cast with
Dale Wilson as the valet, Michael
Rewa as Garcin, Gretchen Buter
baugh as Inez and Diane Bischoff
as Estelle.
“No Exit,” a one-act play by
Jean-Paul Sartre, will be present
ed by the Stanford Players in the
Little Theatre Thursday at 8:30
p.m.
The play, concerned with three
people doomed to live with each
other in one room through all
eternity, Is directed by William
Louis, and has been cast with
Dale Wilson as the valet, Michael
Rewa as Garcin, Gretchen Buter
baugh as Inez and Diane Bischoff
as Estelle.
“No Exit,” a one-act play by
Jean-Paul Sartre, will be present
ed by the Stanford Players in the
Little Theatre Thursday at 8:30
p.m.
The play, concerned with three
people doomed to live with each
other in one room through all
eternity, Is directed by William
Louis, and has been cast with
Dale Wilson as the valet, Michael
Rewa as Garcin, Gretchen Buter
baugh as Inez and Diane Bischoff
as Estelle.
“No Exit,” a one-act play by
Jean-Paul Sartre, will be present
ed by the Stanford Players in the
Little Theatre Thursday at 8:30
p.m.
The play, concerned with three
people doomed to live with each
other in one room through all
eternity, Is directed by William
Louis, and has been cast with
Dale Wilson as the valet, Michael
Rewa as Garcin, Gretchen Buter
baugh as Inez and Diane Bischoff
as Estelle.
“No Exit,” a one-act play by
Jean-Paul Sartre, will be present
ed by the Stanford Players in the
Little Theatre Thursday at 8:30
p.m.
The play, concerned with three
people doomed to live with each
other in one room through all
eternity, Is directed by William
Louis, and has been cast with
Dale Wilson as the valet, Michael
Rewa as Garcin, Gretchen Buter
baugh as Inez and Diane Bischoff
as Estelle.
“No Exit,” a one-act play by
Jean-Paul Sartre, will be present
ed by the Stanford Players in the
Little Theatre Thursday at 8:30
p.m.
The play, concerned with three
people doomed to live with each
other in one room through all
eternity, Is directed by William
Louis, and has been cast with
Dale Wilson as the valet, Michael
Rewa as Garcin, Gretchen Buter
baugh as Inez and Diane Bischoff
as Estelle.
“No Exit,” a one-act play by
Jean-Paul Sartre, will be present
ed by the Stanford Players in the
Little Theatre Thursday at 8:30
p.m.
The play, concerned with three
people doomed to live with each
other in one room through all
eternity, Is directed by William
Louis, and has been cast with
Dale Wilson as the valet, Michael
Rewa as Garcin, Gretchen Buter
baugh as Inez and Diane Bischoff
as Estelle.
“No Exit,” a one-act play by
Jean-Paul Sartre, will be present
ed by the Stanford Players in the
Little Theatre Thursday at 8:30
p.m.
The play, concerned with three
people doomed to live with each
other in one room through all
eternity, Is directed by William
Louis, and has been cast with
Dale Wilson as the valet, Michael
Rewa as Garcin, Gretchen Buter
baugh as Inez and Diane Bischoff
as Estelle.
“No Exit,” a one-act play by
Jean-Paul Sartre, will be present
ed by the Stanford Players in the
Little Theatre Thursday at 8:30
p.m.
The play, concerned with three
people doomed to live with each
other in one room through all
eternity, Is directed by William
Louis, and has been cast with
Dale Wilson as the valet, Michael
Rewa as Garcin, Gretchen Buter
baugh as Inez and Diane Bischoff
as Estelle.
“No Exit,” a one-act play by
Jean-Paul Sartre, will be present
ed by the Stanford Players in the
Little Theatre Thursday at 8:30
p.m.
The play, concerned with three
people doomed to live with each
other in one room through all
eternity, Is directed by William
Louis, and has been cast with
Dale Wilson as the valet, Michael
Rewa as Garcin, Gretchen Buter
baugh as Inez and Diane Bischoff
as Estelle.
“No Exit,” a one-act play by
Jean-Paul Sartre, will be present
ed by the Stanford Players in the
Little Theatre Thursday at 8:30
p.m.
The play, concerned with three
people doomed to live with each
other in one room through all
eternity, Is directed by William
Louis, and has been cast with
Dale Wilson as the valet, Michael
Rewa as Garcin, Gretchen Buter
baugh as Inez and Diane Bischoff
as Estelle.
“No Exit,” a one-act play by
Jean-Paul Sartre, will be present
ed by the Stanford Players in the
Little Theatre Thursday at 8:30
p.m.
The play, concerned with three
people doomed to live with each
other in one room through all
eternity, Is directed by William
Louis, and has been cast with
Dale Wilson as the valet, Michael
Rewa as Garcin, Gretchen Buter
baugh as Inez and Diane Bischoff
as Estelle.
