# Adv. 3 Page 2
## 
### 
Friday Night
is
College Night-
AT
the
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and redjeed cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night-
AT
the
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and redjeed cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night-
AT
the
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and redjeed cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night-
AT
the
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and redjeed cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night-
AT
the
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and redjeed cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night-
AT
the
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and redjeed cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night-
AT
the
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and redjeed cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night-
AT
the
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and redjeed cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night-
AT
the
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and redjeed cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night-
AT
the
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and redjeed cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night-
AT
the
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and redjeed cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night-
AT
the
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and redjeed cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night-
AT
the
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and redjeed cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night-
AT
the
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and redjeed cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
Friday Night
is
College Night-
AT
the
DRUNKARD"
WITH THE
FAMOUS OLIO
PALACE HOTEL
SAN FRANCISCO
Admission includes refresh
ments and redjeed cover
charge in Rose Room after
the show
For Reservations
Phone Kearny 8600
