# Art Expert to Lecture
## 
### 
Iwataro Oka. said to be the
world’s leading expert on the art
of preserving and mounting Ori
ental screens and scrolls will
give a free demonstration-lecture
at Stanford at 4:15 p.m today in
Schultz Auditorium.
Iwataro Oka. said to be the
world’s leading expert on the art
of preserving and mounting Ori
ental screens and scrolls will
give a free demonstration-lecture
at Stanford at 4:15 p.m today in
Schultz Auditorium.
Iwataro Oka. said to be the
world’s leading expert on the art
of preserving and mounting Ori
ental screens and scrolls will
give a free demonstration-lecture
at Stanford at 4:15 p.m today in
Schultz Auditorium.
Iwataro Oka. said to be the
world’s leading expert on the art
of preserving and mounting Ori
ental screens and scrolls will
give a free demonstration-lecture
at Stanford at 4:15 p.m today in
Schultz Auditorium.
Iwataro Oka. said to be the
world’s leading expert on the art
of preserving and mounting Ori
ental screens and scrolls will
give a free demonstration-lecture
at Stanford at 4:15 p.m today in
Schultz Auditorium.
Iwataro Oka. said to be the
world’s leading expert on the art
of preserving and mounting Ori
ental screens and scrolls will
give a free demonstration-lecture
at Stanford at 4:15 p.m today in
Schultz Auditorium.
Iwataro Oka. said to be the
world’s leading expert on the art
of preserving and mounting Ori
ental screens and scrolls will
give a free demonstration-lecture
at Stanford at 4:15 p.m today in
Schultz Auditorium.
Iwataro Oka. said to be the
world’s leading expert on the art
of preserving and mounting Ori
ental screens and scrolls will
give a free demonstration-lecture
at Stanford at 4:15 p.m today in
Schultz Auditorium.
Iwataro Oka. said to be the
world’s leading expert on the art
of preserving and mounting Ori
ental screens and scrolls will
give a free demonstration-lecture
at Stanford at 4:15 p.m today in
Schultz Auditorium.
Iwataro Oka. said to be the
world’s leading expert on the art
of preserving and mounting Ori
ental screens and scrolls will
give a free demonstration-lecture
at Stanford at 4:15 p.m today in
Schultz Auditorium.
Iwataro Oka. said to be the
world’s leading expert on the art
of preserving and mounting Ori
ental screens and scrolls will
give a free demonstration-lecture
at Stanford at 4:15 p.m today in
Schultz Auditorium.
Iwataro Oka. said to be the
world’s leading expert on the art
of preserving and mounting Ori
ental screens and scrolls will
give a free demonstration-lecture
at Stanford at 4:15 p.m today in
Schultz Auditorium.
Iwataro Oka. said to be the
world’s leading expert on the art
of preserving and mounting Ori
ental screens and scrolls will
give a free demonstration-lecture
at Stanford at 4:15 p.m today in
Schultz Auditorium.
Iwataro Oka. said to be the
world’s leading expert on the art
of preserving and mounting Ori
ental screens and scrolls will
give a free demonstration-lecture
at Stanford at 4:15 p.m today in
Schultz Auditorium.
Iwataro Oka. said to be the
world’s leading expert on the art
of preserving and mounting Ori
ental screens and scrolls will
give a free demonstration-lecture
at Stanford at 4:15 p.m today in
Schultz Auditorium.
Iwataro Oka. said to be the
world’s leading expert on the art
of preserving and mounting Ori
ental screens and scrolls will
give a free demonstration-lecture
at Stanford at 4:15 p.m today in
Schultz Auditorium.
