# Stanford Minorities Increase
## 
### 
The number of minority group
members studying and working
at Stanford is increasing, ac
cording to Admissions Director
Rixford Snyder.
This quarter, 15 percent of the
1,450 freshmen are members of
a minority group. These include
6 to 7 percent Orientals, 5 per
cent Negroes, and the rest Mexi
can-Americans, Filipinos, and
American Indians.
Last Spring, Negro students
currently enrolled at Stanford
called each accepted applicant
and encouraged the students to
accept admission. Of the stu
dents contacted, 83 percent ac
cepted admission.
Fall quarter finds nearly 800

employes from minority groups
working at Stanford. Of these,
38 employes were hired after
Chancellor Wallace Sterling
urged that all administrative,
skilled labor, technical and su
pervisory vacancies occurring
during the next year should be
reviewed with a view toward fill
ing them with minority group
personnel.
Employment representatives,

Herb Rhodes and Michael Ra
vizza anticipate that by next
spring 200 more minority group
employes will have been em
ployed.
To find housing for the mi
nority group students and em
ployees, Sterling appointed the
Human Relations Commission.
This committee has encouraged
Stanford residents to register
housing openings for the stu

dents and employees. The com
mission is composed of five fac
ulty members and four students
and has additional powers to
make investigations, conduct
hearings, provide mediation ser
vices and to make recommenda
tions for action to the president.
So far, the commission has
heard one case of alleged dis
crimination at the Tresidder Un
ion store and referred its find
ings to the president's office.
The number of minority group
members studying and working
at Stanford is increasing, ac
cording to Admissions Director
Rixford Snyder.
This quarter, 15 percent of the
1,450 freshmen are members of
a minority group. These include
6 to 7 percent Orientals, 5 per
cent Negroes, and the rest Mexi
can-Americans, Filipinos, and
American Indians.
Last Spring, Negro students
currently enrolled at Stanford
called each accepted applicant
and encouraged the students to
accept admission. Of the stu
dents contacted, 83 percent ac
cepted admission.
Fall quarter finds nearly 800

employes from minority groups
working at Stanford. Of these,
38 employes were hired after
Chancellor Wallace Sterling
urged that all administrative,
skilled labor, technical and su
pervisory vacancies occurring
during the next year should be
reviewed with a view toward fill
ing them with minority group
personnel.
Employment representatives,

Herb Rhodes and Michael Ra
vizza anticipate that by next
spring 200 more minority group
employes will have been em
ployed.
To find housing for the mi
nority group students and em
ployees, Sterling appointed the
Human Relations Commission.
This committee has encouraged
Stanford residents to register
housing openings for the stu

dents and employees. The com
mission is composed of five fac
ulty members and four students
and has additional powers to
make investigations, conduct
hearings, provide mediation ser
vices and to make recommenda
tions for action to the president.
So far, the commission has
heard one case of alleged dis
crimination at the Tresidder Un
ion store and referred its find
ings to the president's office.
The number of minority group
members studying and working
at Stanford is increasing, ac
cording to Admissions Director
Rixford Snyder.
This quarter, 15 percent of the
1,450 freshmen are members of
a minority group. These include
6 to 7 percent Orientals, 5 per
cent Negroes, and the rest Mexi
can-Americans, Filipinos, and
American Indians.
Last Spring, Negro students
currently enrolled at Stanford
called each accepted applicant
and encouraged the students to
accept admission. Of the stu
dents contacted, 83 percent ac
cepted admission.
Fall quarter finds nearly 800

employes from minority groups
working at Stanford. Of these,
38 employes were hired after
Chancellor Wallace Sterling
urged that all administrative,
skilled labor, technical and su
pervisory vacancies occurring
during the next year should be
reviewed with a view toward fill
ing them with minority group
personnel.
Employment representatives,

Herb Rhodes and Michael Ra
vizza anticipate that by next
spring 200 more minority group
employes will have been em
ployed.
To find housing for the mi
nority group students and em
ployees, Sterling appointed the
Human Relations Commission.
This committee has encouraged
Stanford residents to register
housing openings for the stu

dents and employees. The com
mission is composed of five fac
ulty members and four students
and has additional powers to
make investigations, conduct
hearings, provide mediation ser
vices and to make recommenda
tions for action to the president.
So far, the commission has
heard one case of alleged dis
crimination at the Tresidder Un
ion store and referred its find
ings to the president's office.
The number of minority group
members studying and working
at Stanford is increasing, ac
cording to Admissions Director
Rixford Snyder.
This quarter, 15 percent of the
1,450 freshmen are members of
a minority group. These include
6 to 7 percent Orientals, 5 per
cent Negroes, and the rest Mexi
can-Americans, Filipinos, and
American Indians.
Last Spring, Negro students
currently enrolled at Stanford
called each accepted applicant
and encouraged the students to
accept admission. Of the stu
dents contacted, 83 percent ac
cepted admission.
Fall quarter finds nearly 800

employes from minority groups
working at Stanford. Of these,
38 employes were hired after
Chancellor Wallace Sterling
urged that all administrative,
skilled labor, technical and su
pervisory vacancies occurring
during the next year should be
reviewed with a view toward fill
ing them with minority group
personnel.
Employment representatives,

Herb Rhodes and Michael Ra
vizza anticipate that by next
spring 200 more minority group
employes will have been em
ployed.
To find housing for the mi
nority group students and em
ployees, Sterling appointed the
Human Relations Commission.
This committee has encouraged
Stanford residents to register
housing openings for the stu

dents and employees. The com
mission is composed of five fac
ulty members and four students
and has additional powers to
make investigations, conduct
hearings, provide mediation ser
vices and to make recommenda
tions for action to the president.
So far, the commission has
heard one case of alleged dis
crimination at the Tresidder Un
ion store and referred its find
ings to the president's office.
The number of minority group
members studying and working
at Stanford is increasing, ac
cording to Admissions Director
Rixford Snyder.
This quarter, 15 percent of the
1,450 freshmen are members of
a minority group. These include
6 to 7 percent Orientals, 5 per
cent Negroes, and the rest Mexi
can-Americans, Filipinos, and
American Indians.
Last Spring, Negro students
currently enrolled at Stanford
called each accepted applicant
and encouraged the students to
accept admission. Of the stu
dents contacted, 83 percent ac
cepted admission.
Fall quarter finds nearly 800

employes from minority groups
working at Stanford. Of these,
38 employes were hired after
Chancellor Wallace Sterling
urged that all administrative,
skilled labor, technical and su
pervisory vacancies occurring
during the next year should be
reviewed with a view toward fill
ing them with minority group
personnel.
Employment representatives,

Herb Rhodes and Michael Ra
vizza anticipate that by next
spring 200 more minority group
employes will have been em
ployed.
To find housing for the mi
nority group students and em
ployees, Sterling appointed the
Human Relations Commission.
This committee has encouraged
Stanford residents to register
housing openings for the stu

dents and employees. The com
mission is composed of five fac
ulty members and four students
and has additional powers to
make investigations, conduct
hearings, provide mediation ser
vices and to make recommenda
tions for action to the president.
So far, the commission has
heard one case of alleged dis
crimination at the Tresidder Un
ion store and referred its find
ings to the president's office.
The number of minority group
members studying and working
at Stanford is increasing, ac
cording to Admissions Director
Rixford Snyder.
This quarter, 15 percent of the
1,450 freshmen are members of
a minority group. These include
6 to 7 percent Orientals, 5 per
cent Negroes, and the rest Mexi
can-Americans, Filipinos, and
American Indians.
Last Spring, Negro students
currently enrolled at Stanford
called each accepted applicant
and encouraged the students to
accept admission. Of the stu
dents contacted, 83 percent ac
cepted admission.
Fall quarter finds nearly 800

employes from minority groups
working at Stanford. Of these,
38 employes were hired after
Chancellor Wallace Sterling
urged that all administrative,
skilled labor, technical and su
pervisory vacancies occurring
during the next year should be
reviewed with a view toward fill
ing them with minority group
personnel.
Employment representatives,

Herb Rhodes and Michael Ra
vizza anticipate that by next
spring 200 more minority group
employes will have been em
ployed.
To find housing for the mi
nority group students and em
ployees, Sterling appointed the
Human Relations Commission.
This committee has encouraged
Stanford residents to register
housing openings for the stu

dents and employees. The com
mission is composed of five fac
ulty members and four students
and has additional powers to
make investigations, conduct
hearings, provide mediation ser
vices and to make recommenda
tions for action to the president.
So far, the commission has
heard one case of alleged dis
crimination at the Tresidder Un
ion store and referred its find
ings to the president's office.
The number of minority group
members studying and working
at Stanford is increasing, ac
cording to Admissions Director
Rixford Snyder.
This quarter, 15 percent of the
1,450 freshmen are members of
a minority group. These include
6 to 7 percent Orientals, 5 per
cent Negroes, and the rest Mexi
can-Americans, Filipinos, and
American Indians.
Last Spring, Negro students
currently enrolled at Stanford
called each accepted applicant
and encouraged the students to
accept admission. Of the stu
dents contacted, 83 percent ac
cepted admission.
Fall quarter finds nearly 800

employes from minority groups
working at Stanford. Of these,
38 employes were hired after
Chancellor Wallace Sterling
urged that all administrative,
skilled labor, technical and su
pervisory vacancies occurring
during the next year should be
reviewed with a view toward fill
ing them with minority group
personnel.
Employment representatives,

Herb Rhodes and Michael Ra
vizza anticipate that by next
spring 200 more minority group
employes will have been em
ployed.
To find housing for the mi
nority group students and em
ployees, Sterling appointed the
Human Relations Commission.
This committee has encouraged
Stanford residents to register
housing openings for the stu

dents and employees. The com
mission is composed of five fac
ulty members and four students
and has additional powers to
make investigations, conduct
hearings, provide mediation ser
vices and to make recommenda
tions for action to the president.
So far, the commission has
heard one case of alleged dis
crimination at the Tresidder Un
ion store and referred its find
ings to the president's office.
The number of minority group
members studying and working
at Stanford is increasing, ac
cording to Admissions Director
Rixford Snyder.
This quarter, 15 percent of the
1,450 freshmen are members of
a minority group. These include
6 to 7 percent Orientals, 5 per
cent Negroes, and the rest Mexi
can-Americans, Filipinos, and
American Indians.
Last Spring, Negro students
currently enrolled at Stanford
called each accepted applicant
and encouraged the students to
accept admission. Of the stu
dents contacted, 83 percent ac
cepted admission.
Fall quarter finds nearly 800

employes from minority groups
working at Stanford. Of these,
38 employes were hired after
Chancellor Wallace Sterling
urged that all administrative,
skilled labor, technical and su
pervisory vacancies occurring
during the next year should be
reviewed with a view toward fill
ing them with minority group
personnel.
Employment representatives,

Herb Rhodes and Michael Ra
vizza anticipate that by next
spring 200 more minority group
employes will have been em
ployed.
To find housing for the mi
nority group students and em
ployees, Sterling appointed the
Human Relations Commission.
This committee has encouraged
Stanford residents to register
housing openings for the stu

dents and employees. The com
mission is composed of five fac
ulty members and four students
and has additional powers to
make investigations, conduct
hearings, provide mediation ser
vices and to make recommenda
tions for action to the president.
So far, the commission has
heard one case of alleged dis
crimination at the Tresidder Un
ion store and referred its find
ings to the president's office.
The number of minority group
members studying and working
at Stanford is increasing, ac
cording to Admissions Director
Rixford Snyder.
This quarter, 15 percent of the
1,450 freshmen are members of
a minority group. These include
6 to 7 percent Orientals, 5 per
cent Negroes, and the rest Mexi
can-Americans, Filipinos, and
American Indians.
Last Spring, Negro students
currently enrolled at Stanford
called each accepted applicant
and encouraged the students to
accept admission. Of the stu
dents contacted, 83 percent ac
cepted admission.
Fall quarter finds nearly 800

employes from minority groups
working at Stanford. Of these,
38 employes were hired after
Chancellor Wallace Sterling
urged that all administrative,
skilled labor, technical and su
pervisory vacancies occurring
during the next year should be
reviewed with a view toward fill
ing them with minority group
personnel.
Employment representatives,

Herb Rhodes and Michael Ra
vizza anticipate that by next
spring 200 more minority group
employes will have been em
ployed.
To find housing for the mi
nority group students and em
ployees, Sterling appointed the
Human Relations Commission.
This committee has encouraged
Stanford residents to register
housing openings for the stu

dents and employees. The com
mission is composed of five fac
ulty members and four students
and has additional powers to
make investigations, conduct
hearings, provide mediation ser
vices and to make recommenda
tions for action to the president.
So far, the commission has
heard one case of alleged dis
crimination at the Tresidder Un
ion store and referred its find
ings to the president's office.
The number of minority group
members studying and working
at Stanford is increasing, ac
cording to Admissions Director
Rixford Snyder.
This quarter, 15 percent of the
1,450 freshmen are members of
a minority group. These include
6 to 7 percent Orientals, 5 per
cent Negroes, and the rest Mexi
can-Americans, Filipinos, and
American Indians.
Last Spring, Negro students
currently enrolled at Stanford
called each accepted applicant
and encouraged the students to
accept admission. Of the stu
dents contacted, 83 percent ac
cepted admission.
Fall quarter finds nearly 800

employes from minority groups
working at Stanford. Of these,
38 employes were hired after
Chancellor Wallace Sterling
urged that all administrative,
skilled labor, technical and su
pervisory vacancies occurring
during the next year should be
reviewed with a view toward fill
ing them with minority group
personnel.
Employment representatives,

Herb Rhodes and Michael Ra
vizza anticipate that by next
spring 200 more minority group
employes will have been em
ployed.
To find housing for the mi
nority group students and em
ployees, Sterling appointed the
Human Relations Commission.
This committee has encouraged
Stanford residents to register
housing openings for the stu

dents and employees. The com
mission is composed of five fac
ulty members and four students
and has additional powers to
make investigations, conduct
hearings, provide mediation ser
vices and to make recommenda
tions for action to the president.
So far, the commission has
heard one case of alleged dis
crimination at the Tresidder Un
ion store and referred its find
ings to the president's office.
The number of minority group
members studying and working
at Stanford is increasing, ac
cording to Admissions Director
Rixford Snyder.
This quarter, 15 percent of the
1,450 freshmen are members of
a minority group. These include
6 to 7 percent Orientals, 5 per
cent Negroes, and the rest Mexi
can-Americans, Filipinos, and
American Indians.
Last Spring, Negro students
currently enrolled at Stanford
called each accepted applicant
and encouraged the students to
accept admission. Of the stu
dents contacted, 83 percent ac
cepted admission.
Fall quarter finds nearly 800

employes from minority groups
working at Stanford. Of these,
38 employes were hired after
Chancellor Wallace Sterling
urged that all administrative,
skilled labor, technical and su
pervisory vacancies occurring
during the next year should be
reviewed with a view toward fill
ing them with minority group
personnel.
Employment representatives,

Herb Rhodes and Michael Ra
vizza anticipate that by next
spring 200 more minority group
employes will have been em
ployed.
To find housing for the mi
nority group students and em
ployees, Sterling appointed the
Human Relations Commission.
This committee has encouraged
Stanford residents to register
housing openings for the stu

dents and employees. The com
mission is composed of five fac
ulty members and four students
and has additional powers to
make investigations, conduct
hearings, provide mediation ser
vices and to make recommenda
tions for action to the president.
So far, the commission has
heard one case of alleged dis
crimination at the Tresidder Un
ion store and referred its find
ings to the president's office.
The number of minority group
members studying and working
at Stanford is increasing, ac
cording to Admissions Director
Rixford Snyder.
This quarter, 15 percent of the
1,450 freshmen are members of
a minority group. These include
6 to 7 percent Orientals, 5 per
cent Negroes, and the rest Mexi
can-Americans, Filipinos, and
American Indians.
Last Spring, Negro students
currently enrolled at Stanford
called each accepted applicant
and encouraged the students to
accept admission. Of the stu
dents contacted, 83 percent ac
cepted admission.
Fall quarter finds nearly 800

employes from minority groups
working at Stanford. Of these,
38 employes were hired after
Chancellor Wallace Sterling
urged that all administrative,
skilled labor, technical and su
pervisory vacancies occurring
during the next year should be
reviewed with a view toward fill
ing them with minority group
personnel.
Employment representatives,

Herb Rhodes and Michael Ra
vizza anticipate that by next
spring 200 more minority group
employes will have been em
ployed.
To find housing for the mi
nority group students and em
ployees, Sterling appointed the
Human Relations Commission.
This committee has encouraged
Stanford residents to register
housing openings for the stu

dents and employees. The com
mission is composed of five fac
ulty members and four students
and has additional powers to
make investigations, conduct
hearings, provide mediation ser
vices and to make recommenda
tions for action to the president.
So far, the commission has
heard one case of alleged dis
crimination at the Tresidder Un
ion store and referred its find
ings to the president's office.
The number of minority group
members studying and working
at Stanford is increasing, ac
cording to Admissions Director
Rixford Snyder.
This quarter, 15 percent of the
1,450 freshmen are members of
a minority group. These include
6 to 7 percent Orientals, 5 per
cent Negroes, and the rest Mexi
can-Americans, Filipinos, and
American Indians.
Last Spring, Negro students
currently enrolled at Stanford
called each accepted applicant
and encouraged the students to
accept admission. Of the stu
dents contacted, 83 percent ac
cepted admission.
Fall quarter finds nearly 800

employes from minority groups
working at Stanford. Of these,
38 employes were hired after
Chancellor Wallace Sterling
urged that all administrative,
skilled labor, technical and su
pervisory vacancies occurring
during the next year should be
reviewed with a view toward fill
ing them with minority group
personnel.
Employment representatives,

Herb Rhodes and Michael Ra
vizza anticipate that by next
spring 200 more minority group
employes will have been em
ployed.
To find housing for the mi
nority group students and em
ployees, Sterling appointed the
Human Relations Commission.
This committee has encouraged
Stanford residents to register
housing openings for the stu

dents and employees. The com
mission is composed of five fac
ulty members and four students
and has additional powers to
make investigations, conduct
hearings, provide mediation ser
vices and to make recommenda
tions for action to the president.
So far, the commission has
heard one case of alleged dis
crimination at the Tresidder Un
ion store and referred its find
ings to the president's office.
The number of minority group
members studying and working
at Stanford is increasing, ac
cording to Admissions Director
Rixford Snyder.
This quarter, 15 percent of the
1,450 freshmen are members of
a minority group. These include
6 to 7 percent Orientals, 5 per
cent Negroes, and the rest Mexi
can-Americans, Filipinos, and
American Indians.
Last Spring, Negro students
currently enrolled at Stanford
called each accepted applicant
and encouraged the students to
accept admission. Of the stu
dents contacted, 83 percent ac
cepted admission.
Fall quarter finds nearly 800

employes from minority groups
working at Stanford. Of these,
38 employes were hired after
Chancellor Wallace Sterling
urged that all administrative,
skilled labor, technical and su
pervisory vacancies occurring
during the next year should be
reviewed with a view toward fill
ing them with minority group
personnel.
Employment representatives,

Herb Rhodes and Michael Ra
vizza anticipate that by next
spring 200 more minority group
employes will have been em
ployed.
To find housing for the mi
nority group students and em
ployees, Sterling appointed the
Human Relations Commission.
This committee has encouraged
Stanford residents to register
housing openings for the stu

dents and employees. The com
mission is composed of five fac
ulty members and four students
and has additional powers to
make investigations, conduct
hearings, provide mediation ser
vices and to make recommenda
tions for action to the president.
So far, the commission has
heard one case of alleged dis
crimination at the Tresidder Un
ion store and referred its find
ings to the president's office.
