# Untitled Article
## 
### 
At the eleven o'clock service on
Sunday, the soloist will he Miss Dag
mar Nielson, who will sing "Come
Unto Him," from "Messial," and "Con
sider the Lillies."
At the eleven o'clock service on
Sunday, the soloist will he Miss Dag
mar Nielson, who will sing "Come
Unto Him," from "Messial," and "Con
sider the Lillies."
At the eleven o'clock service on
Sunday, the soloist will he Miss Dag
mar Nielson, who will sing "Come
Unto Him," from "Messial," and "Con
sider the Lillies."
At the eleven o'clock service on
Sunday, the soloist will he Miss Dag
mar Nielson, who will sing "Come
Unto Him," from "Messial," and "Con
sider the Lillies."
At the eleven o'clock service on
Sunday, the soloist will he Miss Dag
mar Nielson, who will sing "Come
Unto Him," from "Messial," and "Con
sider the Lillies."
At the eleven o'clock service on
Sunday, the soloist will he Miss Dag
mar Nielson, who will sing "Come
Unto Him," from "Messial," and "Con
sider the Lillies."
At the eleven o'clock service on
Sunday, the soloist will he Miss Dag
mar Nielson, who will sing "Come
Unto Him," from "Messial," and "Con
sider the Lillies."
At the eleven o'clock service on
Sunday, the soloist will he Miss Dag
mar Nielson, who will sing "Come
Unto Him," from "Messial," and "Con
sider the Lillies."
At the eleven o'clock service on
Sunday, the soloist will he Miss Dag
mar Nielson, who will sing "Come
Unto Him," from "Messial," and "Con
sider the Lillies."
At the eleven o'clock service on
Sunday, the soloist will he Miss Dag
mar Nielson, who will sing "Come
Unto Him," from "Messial," and "Con
sider the Lillies."
At the eleven o'clock service on
Sunday, the soloist will he Miss Dag
mar Nielson, who will sing "Come
Unto Him," from "Messial," and "Con
sider the Lillies."
