# Marian Rogers Engaged
## 
### 
The engagement, of Marian Rogers,!
'20. to Arch Warnock, has' been an
nounced. Warnock will take his M.D.
at. the Stanford Medical School this
year. Miss Rogers, who has been an
instructor of nurses, is a member of
Delta Delta Delta.
The engagement, of Marian Rogers,!
'20. to Arch Warnock, has' been an
nounced. Warnock will take his M.D.
at. the Stanford Medical School this
year. Miss Rogers, who has been an
instructor of nurses, is a member of
Delta Delta Delta.
The engagement, of Marian Rogers,!
'20. to Arch Warnock, has' been an
nounced. Warnock will take his M.D.
at. the Stanford Medical School this
year. Miss Rogers, who has been an
instructor of nurses, is a member of
Delta Delta Delta.
The engagement, of Marian Rogers,!
'20. to Arch Warnock, has' been an
nounced. Warnock will take his M.D.
at. the Stanford Medical School this
year. Miss Rogers, who has been an
instructor of nurses, is a member of
Delta Delta Delta.
The engagement, of Marian Rogers,!
'20. to Arch Warnock, has' been an
nounced. Warnock will take his M.D.
at. the Stanford Medical School this
year. Miss Rogers, who has been an
instructor of nurses, is a member of
Delta Delta Delta.
The engagement, of Marian Rogers,!
'20. to Arch Warnock, has' been an
nounced. Warnock will take his M.D.
at. the Stanford Medical School this
year. Miss Rogers, who has been an
instructor of nurses, is a member of
Delta Delta Delta.
The engagement, of Marian Rogers,!
'20. to Arch Warnock, has' been an
nounced. Warnock will take his M.D.
at. the Stanford Medical School this
year. Miss Rogers, who has been an
instructor of nurses, is a member of
Delta Delta Delta.
The engagement, of Marian Rogers,!
'20. to Arch Warnock, has' been an
nounced. Warnock will take his M.D.
at. the Stanford Medical School this
year. Miss Rogers, who has been an
instructor of nurses, is a member of
Delta Delta Delta.
The engagement, of Marian Rogers,!
'20. to Arch Warnock, has' been an
nounced. Warnock will take his M.D.
at. the Stanford Medical School this
year. Miss Rogers, who has been an
instructor of nurses, is a member of
Delta Delta Delta.
The engagement, of Marian Rogers,!
'20. to Arch Warnock, has' been an
nounced. Warnock will take his M.D.
at. the Stanford Medical School this
year. Miss Rogers, who has been an
instructor of nurses, is a member of
Delta Delta Delta.
The engagement, of Marian Rogers,!
'20. to Arch Warnock, has' been an
nounced. Warnock will take his M.D.
at. the Stanford Medical School this
year. Miss Rogers, who has been an
instructor of nurses, is a member of
Delta Delta Delta.
The engagement, of Marian Rogers,!
'20. to Arch Warnock, has' been an
nounced. Warnock will take his M.D.
at. the Stanford Medical School this
year. Miss Rogers, who has been an
instructor of nurses, is a member of
Delta Delta Delta.
The engagement, of Marian Rogers,!
'20. to Arch Warnock, has' been an
nounced. Warnock will take his M.D.
at. the Stanford Medical School this
year. Miss Rogers, who has been an
instructor of nurses, is a member of
Delta Delta Delta.
The engagement, of Marian Rogers,!
'20. to Arch Warnock, has' been an
nounced. Warnock will take his M.D.
at. the Stanford Medical School this
year. Miss Rogers, who has been an
instructor of nurses, is a member of
Delta Delta Delta.
The engagement, of Marian Rogers,!
'20. to Arch Warnock, has' been an
nounced. Warnock will take his M.D.
at. the Stanford Medical School this
year. Miss Rogers, who has been an
instructor of nurses, is a member of
Delta Delta Delta.
