# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Press Club will meet Thursday.
fi:4s p.m.. in the Old Union. Elec
tion of officers.
Press Club will meet Thursday.
fi:4s p.m.. in the Old Union. Elec
tion of officers.
Press Club will meet Thursday.
fi:4s p.m.. in the Old Union. Elec
tion of officers.
Press Club will meet Thursday.
fi:4s p.m.. in the Old Union. Elec
tion of officers.
Press Club will meet Thursday.
fi:4s p.m.. in the Old Union. Elec
tion of officers.
Press Club will meet Thursday.
fi:4s p.m.. in the Old Union. Elec
tion of officers.
Press Club will meet Thursday.
fi:4s p.m.. in the Old Union. Elec
tion of officers.
Press Club will meet Thursday.
fi:4s p.m.. in the Old Union. Elec
tion of officers.
Press Club will meet Thursday.
fi:4s p.m.. in the Old Union. Elec
tion of officers.
Press Club will meet Thursday.
fi:4s p.m.. in the Old Union. Elec
tion of officers.
Press Club will meet Thursday.
fi:4s p.m.. in the Old Union. Elec
tion of officers.
Press Club will meet Thursday.
fi:4s p.m.. in the Old Union. Elec
tion of officers.
Press Club will meet Thursday.
fi:4s p.m.. in the Old Union. Elec
tion of officers.
Press Club will meet Thursday.
fi:4s p.m.. in the Old Union. Elec
tion of officers.
Press Club will meet Thursday.
fi:4s p.m.. in the Old Union. Elec
tion of officers.
