# Anderson Chosen to Head Civil Engineers Next Year
## 
### 
Stanford Section of the American
Society of Civil Engineers elected of
ficers last night for the coming term.
They are: President, L. Harold Ander
son; vice president, Ed Loder; secre
tary, Everett Clark; treasurer, Lawr
ence Millerd; corresponding secretary,
John Rayhauser; momber-at large, Eu
gene Miller.
Stanford Section of the American
Society of Civil Engineers elected of
ficers last night for the coming term.
They are: President, L. Harold Ander
son; vice president, Ed Loder; secre
tary, Everett Clark; treasurer, Lawr
ence Millerd; corresponding secretary,
John Rayhauser; momber-at large, Eu
gene Miller.
Stanford Section of the American
Society of Civil Engineers elected of
ficers last night for the coming term.
They are: President, L. Harold Ander
son; vice president, Ed Loder; secre
tary, Everett Clark; treasurer, Lawr
ence Millerd; corresponding secretary,
John Rayhauser; momber-at large, Eu
gene Miller.
Stanford Section of the American
Society of Civil Engineers elected of
ficers last night for the coming term.
They are: President, L. Harold Ander
son; vice president, Ed Loder; secre
tary, Everett Clark; treasurer, Lawr
ence Millerd; corresponding secretary,
John Rayhauser; momber-at large, Eu
gene Miller.
Stanford Section of the American
Society of Civil Engineers elected of
ficers last night for the coming term.
They are: President, L. Harold Ander
son; vice president, Ed Loder; secre
tary, Everett Clark; treasurer, Lawr
ence Millerd; corresponding secretary,
John Rayhauser; momber-at large, Eu
gene Miller.
Stanford Section of the American
Society of Civil Engineers elected of
ficers last night for the coming term.
They are: President, L. Harold Ander
son; vice president, Ed Loder; secre
tary, Everett Clark; treasurer, Lawr
ence Millerd; corresponding secretary,
John Rayhauser; momber-at large, Eu
gene Miller.
Stanford Section of the American
Society of Civil Engineers elected of
ficers last night for the coming term.
They are: President, L. Harold Ander
son; vice president, Ed Loder; secre
tary, Everett Clark; treasurer, Lawr
ence Millerd; corresponding secretary,
John Rayhauser; momber-at large, Eu
gene Miller.
Stanford Section of the American
Society of Civil Engineers elected of
ficers last night for the coming term.
They are: President, L. Harold Ander
son; vice president, Ed Loder; secre
tary, Everett Clark; treasurer, Lawr
ence Millerd; corresponding secretary,
John Rayhauser; momber-at large, Eu
gene Miller.
Stanford Section of the American
Society of Civil Engineers elected of
ficers last night for the coming term.
They are: President, L. Harold Ander
son; vice president, Ed Loder; secre
tary, Everett Clark; treasurer, Lawr
ence Millerd; corresponding secretary,
John Rayhauser; momber-at large, Eu
gene Miller.
Stanford Section of the American
Society of Civil Engineers elected of
ficers last night for the coming term.
They are: President, L. Harold Ander
son; vice president, Ed Loder; secre
tary, Everett Clark; treasurer, Lawr
ence Millerd; corresponding secretary,
John Rayhauser; momber-at large, Eu
gene Miller.
Stanford Section of the American
Society of Civil Engineers elected of
ficers last night for the coming term.
They are: President, L. Harold Ander
son; vice president, Ed Loder; secre
tary, Everett Clark; treasurer, Lawr
ence Millerd; corresponding secretary,
John Rayhauser; momber-at large, Eu
gene Miller.
Stanford Section of the American
Society of Civil Engineers elected of
ficers last night for the coming term.
They are: President, L. Harold Ander
son; vice president, Ed Loder; secre
tary, Everett Clark; treasurer, Lawr
ence Millerd; corresponding secretary,
John Rayhauser; momber-at large, Eu
gene Miller.
Stanford Section of the American
Society of Civil Engineers elected of
ficers last night for the coming term.
They are: President, L. Harold Ander
son; vice president, Ed Loder; secre
tary, Everett Clark; treasurer, Lawr
ence Millerd; corresponding secretary,
John Rayhauser; momber-at large, Eu
gene Miller.
Stanford Section of the American
Society of Civil Engineers elected of
ficers last night for the coming term.
They are: President, L. Harold Ander
son; vice president, Ed Loder; secre
tary, Everett Clark; treasurer, Lawr
ence Millerd; corresponding secretary,
John Rayhauser; momber-at large, Eu
gene Miller.
Stanford Section of the American
Society of Civil Engineers elected of
ficers last night for the coming term.
They are: President, L. Harold Ander
son; vice president, Ed Loder; secre
tary, Everett Clark; treasurer, Lawr
ence Millerd; corresponding secretary,
John Rayhauser; momber-at large, Eu
gene Miller.
