# Adv. 8 Page 3
## 
### 
Spring
m*l / /f * i
; jr/,!' \ oAmvals
BROOKS MODEL
The ever-popular 3-button Suit
Here are suits that are cut for
Comfort and tailored for Dig
nity. The Collegian will ap
prove the modish accent of the
wide-spaced buttons, the loose
draped coat and the full
trousers. The business man will
welcome the comfort of sweep
ing lines—and their conserva
tism. Smooth Velour Cassimeres
and Worsteds—in Spring grays
and blue patterns with
invisible stripes.
Six-Store Buying Power
' :
Spring
m*l / /f * i
; jr/,!' \ oAmvals
BROOKS MODEL
The ever-popular 3-button Suit
Here are suits that are cut for
Comfort and tailored for Dig
nity. The Collegian will ap
prove the modish accent of the
wide-spaced buttons, the loose
draped coat and the full
trousers. The business man will
welcome the comfort of sweep
ing lines—and their conserva
tism. Smooth Velour Cassimeres
and Worsteds—in Spring grays
and blue patterns with
invisible stripes.
Six-Store Buying Power
' :
Spring
m*l / /f * i
; jr/,!' \ oAmvals
BROOKS MODEL
The ever-popular 3-button Suit
Here are suits that are cut for
Comfort and tailored for Dig
nity. The Collegian will ap
prove the modish accent of the
wide-spaced buttons, the loose
draped coat and the full
trousers. The business man will
welcome the comfort of sweep
ing lines—and their conserva
tism. Smooth Velour Cassimeres
and Worsteds—in Spring grays
and blue patterns with
invisible stripes.
Six-Store Buying Power
' :
Spring
m*l / /f * i
; jr/,!' \ oAmvals
BROOKS MODEL
The ever-popular 3-button Suit
Here are suits that are cut for
Comfort and tailored for Dig
nity. The Collegian will ap
prove the modish accent of the
wide-spaced buttons, the loose
draped coat and the full
trousers. The business man will
welcome the comfort of sweep
ing lines—and their conserva
tism. Smooth Velour Cassimeres
and Worsteds—in Spring grays
and blue patterns with
invisible stripes.
Six-Store Buying Power
' :
Spring
m*l / /f * i
; jr/,!' \ oAmvals
BROOKS MODEL
The ever-popular 3-button Suit
Here are suits that are cut for
Comfort and tailored for Dig
nity. The Collegian will ap
prove the modish accent of the
wide-spaced buttons, the loose
draped coat and the full
trousers. The business man will
welcome the comfort of sweep
ing lines—and their conserva
tism. Smooth Velour Cassimeres
and Worsteds—in Spring grays
and blue patterns with
invisible stripes.
Six-Store Buying Power
' :
Spring
m*l / /f * i
; jr/,!' \ oAmvals
BROOKS MODEL
The ever-popular 3-button Suit
Here are suits that are cut for
Comfort and tailored for Dig
nity. The Collegian will ap
prove the modish accent of the
wide-spaced buttons, the loose
draped coat and the full
trousers. The business man will
welcome the comfort of sweep
ing lines—and their conserva
tism. Smooth Velour Cassimeres
and Worsteds—in Spring grays
and blue patterns with
invisible stripes.
Six-Store Buying Power
' :
Spring
m*l / /f * i
; jr/,!' \ oAmvals
BROOKS MODEL
The ever-popular 3-button Suit
Here are suits that are cut for
Comfort and tailored for Dig
nity. The Collegian will ap
prove the modish accent of the
wide-spaced buttons, the loose
draped coat and the full
trousers. The business man will
welcome the comfort of sweep
ing lines—and their conserva
tism. Smooth Velour Cassimeres
and Worsteds—in Spring grays
and blue patterns with
invisible stripes.
Six-Store Buying Power
' :
Spring
m*l / /f * i
; jr/,!' \ oAmvals
BROOKS MODEL
The ever-popular 3-button Suit
Here are suits that are cut for
Comfort and tailored for Dig
nity. The Collegian will ap
prove the modish accent of the
wide-spaced buttons, the loose
draped coat and the full
trousers. The business man will
welcome the comfort of sweep
ing lines—and their conserva
tism. Smooth Velour Cassimeres
and Worsteds—in Spring grays
and blue patterns with
invisible stripes.
Six-Store Buying Power
' :
Spring
m*l / /f * i
; jr/,!' \ oAmvals
BROOKS MODEL
The ever-popular 3-button Suit
Here are suits that are cut for
Comfort and tailored for Dig
nity. The Collegian will ap
prove the modish accent of the
wide-spaced buttons, the loose
draped coat and the full
trousers. The business man will
welcome the comfort of sweep
ing lines—and their conserva
tism. Smooth Velour Cassimeres
and Worsteds—in Spring grays
and blue patterns with
invisible stripes.
Six-Store Buying Power
' :
Spring
m*l / /f * i
; jr/,!' \ oAmvals
BROOKS MODEL
The ever-popular 3-button Suit
Here are suits that are cut for
Comfort and tailored for Dig
nity. The Collegian will ap
prove the modish accent of the
wide-spaced buttons, the loose
draped coat and the full
trousers. The business man will
welcome the comfort of sweep
ing lines—and their conserva
tism. Smooth Velour Cassimeres
and Worsteds—in Spring grays
and blue patterns with
invisible stripes.
Six-Store Buying Power
' :
Spring
m*l / /f * i
; jr/,!' \ oAmvals
BROOKS MODEL
The ever-popular 3-button Suit
Here are suits that are cut for
Comfort and tailored for Dig
nity. The Collegian will ap
prove the modish accent of the
wide-spaced buttons, the loose
draped coat and the full
trousers. The business man will
welcome the comfort of sweep
ing lines—and their conserva
tism. Smooth Velour Cassimeres
and Worsteds—in Spring grays
and blue patterns with
invisible stripes.
Six-Store Buying Power
' :
Spring
m*l / /f * i
; jr/,!' \ oAmvals
BROOKS MODEL
The ever-popular 3-button Suit
Here are suits that are cut for
Comfort and tailored for Dig
nity. The Collegian will ap
prove the modish accent of the
wide-spaced buttons, the loose
draped coat and the full
trousers. The business man will
welcome the comfort of sweep
ing lines—and their conserva
tism. Smooth Velour Cassimeres
and Worsteds—in Spring grays
and blue patterns with
invisible stripes.
Six-Store Buying Power
' :
Spring
m*l / /f * i
; jr/,!' \ oAmvals
BROOKS MODEL
The ever-popular 3-button Suit
Here are suits that are cut for
Comfort and tailored for Dig
nity. The Collegian will ap
prove the modish accent of the
wide-spaced buttons, the loose
draped coat and the full
trousers. The business man will
welcome the comfort of sweep
ing lines—and their conserva
tism. Smooth Velour Cassimeres
and Worsteds—in Spring grays
and blue patterns with
invisible stripes.
Six-Store Buying Power
' :
Spring
m*l / /f * i
; jr/,!' \ oAmvals
BROOKS MODEL
The ever-popular 3-button Suit
Here are suits that are cut for
Comfort and tailored for Dig
nity. The Collegian will ap
prove the modish accent of the
wide-spaced buttons, the loose
draped coat and the full
trousers. The business man will
welcome the comfort of sweep
ing lines—and their conserva
tism. Smooth Velour Cassimeres
and Worsteds—in Spring grays
and blue patterns with
invisible stripes.
Six-Store Buying Power
' :
Spring
m*l / /f * i
; jr/,!' \ oAmvals
BROOKS MODEL
The ever-popular 3-button Suit
Here are suits that are cut for
Comfort and tailored for Dig
nity. The Collegian will ap
prove the modish accent of the
wide-spaced buttons, the loose
draped coat and the full
trousers. The business man will
welcome the comfort of sweep
ing lines—and their conserva
tism. Smooth Velour Cassimeres
and Worsteds—in Spring grays
and blue patterns with
invisible stripes.
Six-Store Buying Power
' :
