# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Monday afternoon, May 8, will be
the last opportunity to obtain Rus
sian War Relief kits from the War
Board office.
Monday afternoon, May 8, will be
the last opportunity to obtain Rus
sian War Relief kits from the War
Board office.
Monday afternoon, May 8, will be
the last opportunity to obtain Rus
sian War Relief kits from the War
Board office.
Monday afternoon, May 8, will be
the last opportunity to obtain Rus
sian War Relief kits from the War
Board office.
Monday afternoon, May 8, will be
the last opportunity to obtain Rus
sian War Relief kits from the War
Board office.
Monday afternoon, May 8, will be
the last opportunity to obtain Rus
sian War Relief kits from the War
Board office.
Monday afternoon, May 8, will be
the last opportunity to obtain Rus
sian War Relief kits from the War
Board office.
Monday afternoon, May 8, will be
the last opportunity to obtain Rus
sian War Relief kits from the War
Board office.
Monday afternoon, May 8, will be
the last opportunity to obtain Rus
sian War Relief kits from the War
Board office.
Monday afternoon, May 8, will be
the last opportunity to obtain Rus
sian War Relief kits from the War
Board office.
Monday afternoon, May 8, will be
the last opportunity to obtain Rus
sian War Relief kits from the War
Board office.
Monday afternoon, May 8, will be
the last opportunity to obtain Rus
sian War Relief kits from the War
Board office.
Monday afternoon, May 8, will be
the last opportunity to obtain Rus
sian War Relief kits from the War
Board office.
Monday afternoon, May 8, will be
the last opportunity to obtain Rus
sian War Relief kits from the War
Board office.
Monday afternoon, May 8, will be
the last opportunity to obtain Rus
sian War Relief kits from the War
Board office.
