# Farm Scientists Named to Academy
## 
### 
George W. Beadle, professor of bi
ology (genetics), and Thomas Addis,
professor of medicine, have been
elected to the National Academy of
Sciences, according to a recent re
port.
Dr. Addis, who is a member of
Alpha Kappa Kappa and a world
authority on kidney diseases, came
to Stanford in 1911. Two years ago
he was awarded the Cullen prize,
given by the Royal College of Physi
cians in Edinburgh to the man whose
work has benefited practical medi
cine the most during the preceding
four years.
Professor Beadle, whose recent re
hearch has been in the bio-assay
method of measuring the vitamin
content of foodstuff, has been at the
University since 1937.
Professor Calvin P. Stone and Pro
fessor C. V. Taylor of Stanford were
elected to the academy last year,
preceded by Professor C. H. Dan
forth's entry the year before.
