# Untitled Article
## 
### 

HOME IN A CAVE—The Day family of Dover. England, seem
contented enough in their underground lime-cave home
where they have lived — papa, mama, little David and
grandma — for past four years, to escape German gunfire
from Calais. 22 miles away. David's about to hit the hay.

HOME IN A CAVE—The Day family of Dover. England, seem
contented enough in their underground lime-cave home
where they have lived — papa, mama, little David and
grandma — for past four years, to escape German gunfire
from Calais. 22 miles away. David's about to hit the hay.

HOME IN A CAVE—The Day family of Dover. England, seem
contented enough in their underground lime-cave home
where they have lived — papa, mama, little David and
grandma — for past four years, to escape German gunfire
from Calais. 22 miles away. David's about to hit the hay.

HOME IN A CAVE—The Day family of Dover. England, seem
contented enough in their underground lime-cave home
where they have lived — papa, mama, little David and
grandma — for past four years, to escape German gunfire
from Calais. 22 miles away. David's about to hit the hay.

HOME IN A CAVE—The Day family of Dover. England, seem
contented enough in their underground lime-cave home
where they have lived — papa, mama, little David and
grandma — for past four years, to escape German gunfire
from Calais. 22 miles away. David's about to hit the hay.

HOME IN A CAVE—The Day family of Dover. England, seem
contented enough in their underground lime-cave home
where they have lived — papa, mama, little David and
grandma — for past four years, to escape German gunfire
from Calais. 22 miles away. David's about to hit the hay.

HOME IN A CAVE—The Day family of Dover. England, seem
contented enough in their underground lime-cave home
where they have lived — papa, mama, little David and
grandma — for past four years, to escape German gunfire
from Calais. 22 miles away. David's about to hit the hay.

HOME IN A CAVE—The Day family of Dover. England, seem
contented enough in their underground lime-cave home
where they have lived — papa, mama, little David and
grandma — for past four years, to escape German gunfire
from Calais. 22 miles away. David's about to hit the hay.

HOME IN A CAVE—The Day family of Dover. England, seem
contented enough in their underground lime-cave home
where they have lived — papa, mama, little David and
grandma — for past four years, to escape German gunfire
from Calais. 22 miles away. David's about to hit the hay.

HOME IN A CAVE—The Day family of Dover. England, seem
contented enough in their underground lime-cave home
where they have lived — papa, mama, little David and
grandma — for past four years, to escape German gunfire
from Calais. 22 miles away. David's about to hit the hay.

HOME IN A CAVE—The Day family of Dover. England, seem
contented enough in their underground lime-cave home
where they have lived — papa, mama, little David and
grandma — for past four years, to escape German gunfire
from Calais. 22 miles away. David's about to hit the hay.

HOME IN A CAVE—The Day family of Dover. England, seem
contented enough in their underground lime-cave home
where they have lived — papa, mama, little David and
grandma — for past four years, to escape German gunfire
from Calais. 22 miles away. David's about to hit the hay.

HOME IN A CAVE—The Day family of Dover. England, seem
contented enough in their underground lime-cave home
where they have lived — papa, mama, little David and
grandma — for past four years, to escape German gunfire
from Calais. 22 miles away. David's about to hit the hay.

HOME IN A CAVE—The Day family of Dover. England, seem
contented enough in their underground lime-cave home
where they have lived — papa, mama, little David and
grandma — for past four years, to escape German gunfire
from Calais. 22 miles away. David's about to hit the hay.

HOME IN A CAVE—The Day family of Dover. England, seem
contented enough in their underground lime-cave home
where they have lived — papa, mama, little David and
grandma — for past four years, to escape German gunfire
from Calais. 22 miles away. David's about to hit the hay.
