# DEADLINE ANNOUNCED FOR CHAPARRAL COPY
## 
### 
February 15 has been set as the
deadline for material to be submitted
fo rthe March issue of Chaparral,
which will be a "Smokers" number.
C'opy cards have been sent out to
those who regularly contribute. Any
one who did not get a card, or who
would like to contribute to the next
number, may call for one at the Chap
arral office in the Press building.
February 15 has been set as the
deadline for material to be submitted
fo rthe March issue of Chaparral,
which will be a "Smokers" number.
C'opy cards have been sent out to
those who regularly contribute. Any
one who did not get a card, or who
would like to contribute to the next
number, may call for one at the Chap
arral office in the Press building.
February 15 has been set as the
deadline for material to be submitted
fo rthe March issue of Chaparral,
which will be a "Smokers" number.
C'opy cards have been sent out to
those who regularly contribute. Any
one who did not get a card, or who
would like to contribute to the next
number, may call for one at the Chap
arral office in the Press building.
February 15 has been set as the
deadline for material to be submitted
fo rthe March issue of Chaparral,
which will be a "Smokers" number.
C'opy cards have been sent out to
those who regularly contribute. Any
one who did not get a card, or who
would like to contribute to the next
number, may call for one at the Chap
arral office in the Press building.
February 15 has been set as the
deadline for material to be submitted
fo rthe March issue of Chaparral,
which will be a "Smokers" number.
C'opy cards have been sent out to
those who regularly contribute. Any
one who did not get a card, or who
would like to contribute to the next
number, may call for one at the Chap
arral office in the Press building.
February 15 has been set as the
deadline for material to be submitted
fo rthe March issue of Chaparral,
which will be a "Smokers" number.
C'opy cards have been sent out to
those who regularly contribute. Any
one who did not get a card, or who
would like to contribute to the next
number, may call for one at the Chap
arral office in the Press building.
February 15 has been set as the
deadline for material to be submitted
fo rthe March issue of Chaparral,
which will be a "Smokers" number.
C'opy cards have been sent out to
those who regularly contribute. Any
one who did not get a card, or who
would like to contribute to the next
number, may call for one at the Chap
arral office in the Press building.
February 15 has been set as the
deadline for material to be submitted
fo rthe March issue of Chaparral,
which will be a "Smokers" number.
C'opy cards have been sent out to
those who regularly contribute. Any
one who did not get a card, or who
would like to contribute to the next
number, may call for one at the Chap
arral office in the Press building.
February 15 has been set as the
deadline for material to be submitted
fo rthe March issue of Chaparral,
which will be a "Smokers" number.
C'opy cards have been sent out to
those who regularly contribute. Any
one who did not get a card, or who
would like to contribute to the next
number, may call for one at the Chap
arral office in the Press building.
February 15 has been set as the
deadline for material to be submitted
fo rthe March issue of Chaparral,
which will be a "Smokers" number.
C'opy cards have been sent out to
those who regularly contribute. Any
one who did not get a card, or who
would like to contribute to the next
number, may call for one at the Chap
arral office in the Press building.
February 15 has been set as the
deadline for material to be submitted
fo rthe March issue of Chaparral,
which will be a "Smokers" number.
C'opy cards have been sent out to
those who regularly contribute. Any
one who did not get a card, or who
would like to contribute to the next
number, may call for one at the Chap
arral office in the Press building.
February 15 has been set as the
deadline for material to be submitted
fo rthe March issue of Chaparral,
which will be a "Smokers" number.
C'opy cards have been sent out to
those who regularly contribute. Any
one who did not get a card, or who
would like to contribute to the next
number, may call for one at the Chap
arral office in the Press building.
February 15 has been set as the
deadline for material to be submitted
fo rthe March issue of Chaparral,
which will be a "Smokers" number.
C'opy cards have been sent out to
those who regularly contribute. Any
one who did not get a card, or who
would like to contribute to the next
number, may call for one at the Chap
arral office in the Press building.
February 15 has been set as the
deadline for material to be submitted
fo rthe March issue of Chaparral,
which will be a "Smokers" number.
C'opy cards have been sent out to
those who regularly contribute. Any
one who did not get a card, or who
would like to contribute to the next
number, may call for one at the Chap
arral office in the Press building.
February 15 has been set as the
deadline for material to be submitted
fo rthe March issue of Chaparral,
which will be a "Smokers" number.
C'opy cards have been sent out to
those who regularly contribute. Any
one who did not get a card, or who
would like to contribute to the next
number, may call for one at the Chap
arral office in the Press building.
