# Student Cards Needed To Admit To Games
## 
### 
No student will be admitted to the foot
ball contests this year without present
ing his student body card or a ticket, ac
cording- to a statement issued last night
by the graduate manager. A strict ob
servance of this ruling will be continued
throughout the season.
The road on the esplanade of the bowl
which has been resurfaced will be closed
to motor cars. J here will be concession
booths outside of the stadium, and noth
ing will be sold inside of the stadium
enclosure.
No student will be admitted to the foot
ball contests this year without present
ing his student body card or a ticket, ac
cording- to a statement issued last night
by the graduate manager. A strict ob
servance of this ruling will be continued
throughout the season.
The road on the esplanade of the bowl
which has been resurfaced will be closed
to motor cars. J here will be concession
booths outside of the stadium, and noth
ing will be sold inside of the stadium
enclosure.
No student will be admitted to the foot
ball contests this year without present
ing his student body card or a ticket, ac
cording- to a statement issued last night
by the graduate manager. A strict ob
servance of this ruling will be continued
throughout the season.
The road on the esplanade of the bowl
which has been resurfaced will be closed
to motor cars. J here will be concession
booths outside of the stadium, and noth
ing will be sold inside of the stadium
enclosure.
No student will be admitted to the foot
ball contests this year without present
ing his student body card or a ticket, ac
cording- to a statement issued last night
by the graduate manager. A strict ob
servance of this ruling will be continued
throughout the season.
The road on the esplanade of the bowl
which has been resurfaced will be closed
to motor cars. J here will be concession
booths outside of the stadium, and noth
ing will be sold inside of the stadium
enclosure.
No student will be admitted to the foot
ball contests this year without present
ing his student body card or a ticket, ac
cording- to a statement issued last night
by the graduate manager. A strict ob
servance of this ruling will be continued
throughout the season.
The road on the esplanade of the bowl
which has been resurfaced will be closed
to motor cars. J here will be concession
booths outside of the stadium, and noth
ing will be sold inside of the stadium
enclosure.
No student will be admitted to the foot
ball contests this year without present
ing his student body card or a ticket, ac
cording- to a statement issued last night
by the graduate manager. A strict ob
servance of this ruling will be continued
throughout the season.
The road on the esplanade of the bowl
which has been resurfaced will be closed
to motor cars. J here will be concession
booths outside of the stadium, and noth
ing will be sold inside of the stadium
enclosure.
No student will be admitted to the foot
ball contests this year without present
ing his student body card or a ticket, ac
cording- to a statement issued last night
by the graduate manager. A strict ob
servance of this ruling will be continued
throughout the season.
The road on the esplanade of the bowl
which has been resurfaced will be closed
to motor cars. J here will be concession
booths outside of the stadium, and noth
ing will be sold inside of the stadium
enclosure.
No student will be admitted to the foot
ball contests this year without present
ing his student body card or a ticket, ac
cording- to a statement issued last night
by the graduate manager. A strict ob
servance of this ruling will be continued
throughout the season.
The road on the esplanade of the bowl
which has been resurfaced will be closed
to motor cars. J here will be concession
booths outside of the stadium, and noth
ing will be sold inside of the stadium
enclosure.
No student will be admitted to the foot
ball contests this year without present
ing his student body card or a ticket, ac
cording- to a statement issued last night
by the graduate manager. A strict ob
servance of this ruling will be continued
throughout the season.
The road on the esplanade of the bowl
which has been resurfaced will be closed
to motor cars. J here will be concession
booths outside of the stadium, and noth
ing will be sold inside of the stadium
enclosure.
No student will be admitted to the foot
ball contests this year without present
ing his student body card or a ticket, ac
cording- to a statement issued last night
by the graduate manager. A strict ob
servance of this ruling will be continued
throughout the season.
The road on the esplanade of the bowl
which has been resurfaced will be closed
to motor cars. J here will be concession
booths outside of the stadium, and noth
ing will be sold inside of the stadium
enclosure.
No student will be admitted to the foot
ball contests this year without present
ing his student body card or a ticket, ac
cording- to a statement issued last night
by the graduate manager. A strict ob
servance of this ruling will be continued
throughout the season.
The road on the esplanade of the bowl
which has been resurfaced will be closed
to motor cars. J here will be concession
booths outside of the stadium, and noth
ing will be sold inside of the stadium
enclosure.
No student will be admitted to the foot
ball contests this year without present
ing his student body card or a ticket, ac
cording- to a statement issued last night
by the graduate manager. A strict ob
servance of this ruling will be continued
throughout the season.
The road on the esplanade of the bowl
which has been resurfaced will be closed
to motor cars. J here will be concession
booths outside of the stadium, and noth
ing will be sold inside of the stadium
enclosure.
No student will be admitted to the foot
ball contests this year without present
ing his student body card or a ticket, ac
cording- to a statement issued last night
by the graduate manager. A strict ob
servance of this ruling will be continued
throughout the season.
The road on the esplanade of the bowl
which has been resurfaced will be closed
to motor cars. J here will be concession
booths outside of the stadium, and noth
ing will be sold inside of the stadium
enclosure.
No student will be admitted to the foot
ball contests this year without present
ing his student body card or a ticket, ac
cording- to a statement issued last night
by the graduate manager. A strict ob
servance of this ruling will be continued
throughout the season.
The road on the esplanade of the bowl
which has been resurfaced will be closed
to motor cars. J here will be concession
booths outside of the stadium, and noth
ing will be sold inside of the stadium
enclosure.
