# Sigma Delta Chi Elects Charles Prior Secretary
## 
### 
Charles Prior. '23, was elected secre
tary of Sigma Delta Chi at the meeting
held last week in the old Union. Ken
Stewart. '23, was named as delegate to
the annual convention of the fraternity
which will be held in Manhattan, Kans.,
November 16, 17, and 18. Various plans
for the year's program were outlined but
will not be definitely decided upon until
the next meeting.
Charles Prior. '23, was elected secre
tary of Sigma Delta Chi at the meeting
held last week in the old Union. Ken
Stewart. '23, was named as delegate to
the annual convention of the fraternity
which will be held in Manhattan, Kans.,
November 16, 17, and 18. Various plans
for the year's program were outlined but
will not be definitely decided upon until
the next meeting.
Charles Prior. '23, was elected secre
tary of Sigma Delta Chi at the meeting
held last week in the old Union. Ken
Stewart. '23, was named as delegate to
the annual convention of the fraternity
which will be held in Manhattan, Kans.,
November 16, 17, and 18. Various plans
for the year's program were outlined but
will not be definitely decided upon until
the next meeting.
Charles Prior. '23, was elected secre
tary of Sigma Delta Chi at the meeting
held last week in the old Union. Ken
Stewart. '23, was named as delegate to
the annual convention of the fraternity
which will be held in Manhattan, Kans.,
November 16, 17, and 18. Various plans
for the year's program were outlined but
will not be definitely decided upon until
the next meeting.
Charles Prior. '23, was elected secre
tary of Sigma Delta Chi at the meeting
held last week in the old Union. Ken
Stewart. '23, was named as delegate to
the annual convention of the fraternity
which will be held in Manhattan, Kans.,
November 16, 17, and 18. Various plans
for the year's program were outlined but
will not be definitely decided upon until
the next meeting.
Charles Prior. '23, was elected secre
tary of Sigma Delta Chi at the meeting
held last week in the old Union. Ken
Stewart. '23, was named as delegate to
the annual convention of the fraternity
which will be held in Manhattan, Kans.,
November 16, 17, and 18. Various plans
for the year's program were outlined but
will not be definitely decided upon until
the next meeting.
Charles Prior. '23, was elected secre
tary of Sigma Delta Chi at the meeting
held last week in the old Union. Ken
Stewart. '23, was named as delegate to
the annual convention of the fraternity
which will be held in Manhattan, Kans.,
November 16, 17, and 18. Various plans
for the year's program were outlined but
will not be definitely decided upon until
the next meeting.
Charles Prior. '23, was elected secre
tary of Sigma Delta Chi at the meeting
held last week in the old Union. Ken
Stewart. '23, was named as delegate to
the annual convention of the fraternity
which will be held in Manhattan, Kans.,
November 16, 17, and 18. Various plans
for the year's program were outlined but
will not be definitely decided upon until
the next meeting.
Charles Prior. '23, was elected secre
tary of Sigma Delta Chi at the meeting
held last week in the old Union. Ken
Stewart. '23, was named as delegate to
the annual convention of the fraternity
which will be held in Manhattan, Kans.,
November 16, 17, and 18. Various plans
for the year's program were outlined but
will not be definitely decided upon until
the next meeting.
Charles Prior. '23, was elected secre
tary of Sigma Delta Chi at the meeting
held last week in the old Union. Ken
Stewart. '23, was named as delegate to
the annual convention of the fraternity
which will be held in Manhattan, Kans.,
November 16, 17, and 18. Various plans
for the year's program were outlined but
will not be definitely decided upon until
the next meeting.
Charles Prior. '23, was elected secre
tary of Sigma Delta Chi at the meeting
held last week in the old Union. Ken
Stewart. '23, was named as delegate to
the annual convention of the fraternity
which will be held in Manhattan, Kans.,
November 16, 17, and 18. Various plans
for the year's program were outlined but
will not be definitely decided upon until
the next meeting.
Charles Prior. '23, was elected secre
tary of Sigma Delta Chi at the meeting
held last week in the old Union. Ken
Stewart. '23, was named as delegate to
the annual convention of the fraternity
which will be held in Manhattan, Kans.,
November 16, 17, and 18. Various plans
for the year's program were outlined but
will not be definitely decided upon until
the next meeting.
Charles Prior. '23, was elected secre
tary of Sigma Delta Chi at the meeting
held last week in the old Union. Ken
Stewart. '23, was named as delegate to
the annual convention of the fraternity
which will be held in Manhattan, Kans.,
November 16, 17, and 18. Various plans
for the year's program were outlined but
will not be definitely decided upon until
the next meeting.
Charles Prior. '23, was elected secre
tary of Sigma Delta Chi at the meeting
held last week in the old Union. Ken
Stewart. '23, was named as delegate to
the annual convention of the fraternity
which will be held in Manhattan, Kans.,
November 16, 17, and 18. Various plans
for the year's program were outlined but
will not be definitely decided upon until
the next meeting.
