# BARROWS, WILBUR OPPOSE OSTEOPATH CHIROPRACTIC LAWS
## Heads of Two Universities in Joint Resolution Protest Proposed Medical Statute 
### 
The lowering of educational standards
and the voting of a medical education
to a very considerable group will re
sult from the present initiative meas
ures concerning chiropractic (No. 16)
and osteopathy (No. 20) if they be
come laws, says a joint statement is
sued today by Dr. Ray Lyman, pres
ident of Stanford University, and Dr.
David P. Barrows, president of the
University of California.
"We feel that any measure that per
mits men and women with low educa
tional standards to enter the field of
the practice of medicine is prejudicial
to the interests of our own students
and alumni and harmful to the public.
"The principal function of the uni
versity is to set educational stand
ards," the statement reads. "The Uni
versity of California and Stanford
University have endeavored to main
tain their professional schools on a
basis that would be recognized
throughout the United States and the
world. This is particularly true in re
gard to the Schools of Medicine.
"Sintfe public health is our most
precious possession, and the study of
medicine is difficult and must be based
upon a broad knowledge of funda
mental science, we are demanding of
our medical students that they under
go a longer training than that of any
other profession. Even with the seven
or eight years of university work re
quired. we are finding it difficult to
find time to give th ethorough train
ing necessary. The universities are
devoting large sums of money to the
education of medical students. We
feel that this is imperatively neces
sary in order to maintain standards
and to protect the public health.
The present initiative measures in
regard to chiropractics (No. 16) and
osteopathy (No. 20) would, if they
became laws, bring about a very defin
ite lowering of educational standards
and in effect would vote a medical ed
ucation to a very considerable group.
"Under the present laws of the state,
it is possible for any individual who
is trained in the fundamental sciences
to pass examinations and practice os
teopathy, chiropractics, or other forms
of drugless healing. At the same time
practitioners of medicine and surgery
must pass a rigid examination. We
feel that the present law gives full
scope to the practice of various meth
ods of treatment upon a basis that
protects the public. We consider it
our duty as heads of institutions of
higher learning to thus call to the
attention of the citizens of the state
the importance of maintaining satis
factory standards in medical educa
tion.
(Signed): Ray Lyman Wilbur,
President, Stanford University.
(Signed): David P. Barrows,
President, University of California.
The lowering of educational standards
and the voting of a medical education
to a very considerable group will re
sult from the present initiative meas
ures concerning chiropractic (No. 16)
and osteopathy (No. 20) if they be
come laws, says a joint statement is
sued today by Dr. Ray Lyman, pres
ident of Stanford University, and Dr.
David P. Barrows, president of the
University of California.
"We feel that any measure that per
mits men and women with low educa
tional standards to enter the field of
the practice of medicine is prejudicial
to the interests of our own students
and alumni and harmful to the public.
"The principal function of the uni
versity is to set educational stand
ards," the statement reads. "The Uni
versity of California and Stanford
University have endeavored to main
tain their professional schools on a
basis that would be recognized
throughout the United States and the
world. This is particularly true in re
gard to the Schools of Medicine.
"Sintfe public health is our most
precious possession, and the study of
medicine is difficult and must be based
upon a broad knowledge of funda
mental science, we are demanding of
our medical students that they under
go a longer training than that of any
other profession. Even with the seven
or eight years of university work re
quired. we are finding it difficult to
find time to give th ethorough train
ing necessary. The universities are
devoting large sums of money to the
education of medical students. We
feel that this is imperatively neces
sary in order to maintain standards
and to protect the public health.
The present initiative measures in
regard to chiropractics (No. 16) and
osteopathy (No. 20) would, if they
became laws, bring about a very defin
ite lowering of educational standards
and in effect would vote a medical ed
ucation to a very considerable group.
"Under the present laws of the state,
it is possible for any individual who
is trained in the fundamental sciences
to pass examinations and practice os
teopathy, chiropractics, or other forms
of drugless healing. At the same time
practitioners of medicine and surgery
must pass a rigid examination. We
feel that the present law gives full
scope to the practice of various meth
ods of treatment upon a basis that
protects the public. We consider it
our duty as heads of institutions of
higher learning to thus call to the
attention of the citizens of the state
the importance of maintaining satis
factory standards in medical educa
tion.
(Signed): Ray Lyman Wilbur,
President, Stanford University.
(Signed): David P. Barrows,
President, University of California.
The lowering of educational standards
and the voting of a medical education
to a very considerable group will re
sult from the present initiative meas
ures concerning chiropractic (No. 16)
and osteopathy (No. 20) if they be
come laws, says a joint statement is
sued today by Dr. Ray Lyman, pres
ident of Stanford University, and Dr.
David P. Barrows, president of the
University of California.
"We feel that any measure that per
mits men and women with low educa
tional standards to enter the field of
the practice of medicine is prejudicial
to the interests of our own students
and alumni and harmful to the public.
"The principal function of the uni
versity is to set educational stand
ards," the statement reads. "The Uni
versity of California and Stanford
University have endeavored to main
tain their professional schools on a
basis that would be recognized
throughout the United States and the
world. This is particularly true in re
gard to the Schools of Medicine.
"Sintfe public health is our most
precious possession, and the study of
medicine is difficult and must be based
upon a broad knowledge of funda
mental science, we are demanding of
our medical students that they under
go a longer training than that of any
other profession. Even with the seven
or eight years of university work re
quired. we are finding it difficult to
find time to give th ethorough train
ing necessary. The universities are
devoting large sums of money to the
education of medical students. We
feel that this is imperatively neces
sary in order to maintain standards
and to protect the public health.
The present initiative measures in
regard to chiropractics (No. 16) and
osteopathy (No. 20) would, if they
became laws, bring about a very defin
ite lowering of educational standards
and in effect would vote a medical ed
ucation to a very considerable group.
"Under the present laws of the state,
it is possible for any individual who
is trained in the fundamental sciences
to pass examinations and practice os
teopathy, chiropractics, or other forms
of drugless healing. At the same time
practitioners of medicine and surgery
must pass a rigid examination. We
feel that the present law gives full
scope to the practice of various meth
ods of treatment upon a basis that
protects the public. We consider it
our duty as heads of institutions of
higher learning to thus call to the
attention of the citizens of the state
the importance of maintaining satis
factory standards in medical educa
tion.
(Signed): Ray Lyman Wilbur,
President, Stanford University.
(Signed): David P. Barrows,
President, University of California.
The lowering of educational standards
and the voting of a medical education
to a very considerable group will re
sult from the present initiative meas
ures concerning chiropractic (No. 16)
and osteopathy (No. 20) if they be
come laws, says a joint statement is
sued today by Dr. Ray Lyman, pres
ident of Stanford University, and Dr.
David P. Barrows, president of the
University of California.
"We feel that any measure that per
mits men and women with low educa
tional standards to enter the field of
the practice of medicine is prejudicial
to the interests of our own students
and alumni and harmful to the public.
"The principal function of the uni
versity is to set educational stand
ards," the statement reads. "The Uni
versity of California and Stanford
University have endeavored to main
tain their professional schools on a
basis that would be recognized
throughout the United States and the
world. This is particularly true in re
gard to the Schools of Medicine.
"Sintfe public health is our most
precious possession, and the study of
medicine is difficult and must be based
upon a broad knowledge of funda
mental science, we are demanding of
our medical students that they under
go a longer training than that of any
other profession. Even with the seven
or eight years of university work re
quired. we are finding it difficult to
find time to give th ethorough train
ing necessary. The universities are
devoting large sums of money to the
education of medical students. We
feel that this is imperatively neces
sary in order to maintain standards
and to protect the public health.
The present initiative measures in
regard to chiropractics (No. 16) and
osteopathy (No. 20) would, if they
became laws, bring about a very defin
ite lowering of educational standards
and in effect would vote a medical ed
ucation to a very considerable group.
"Under the present laws of the state,
it is possible for any individual who
is trained in the fundamental sciences
to pass examinations and practice os
teopathy, chiropractics, or other forms
of drugless healing. At the same time
practitioners of medicine and surgery
must pass a rigid examination. We
feel that the present law gives full
scope to the practice of various meth
ods of treatment upon a basis that
protects the public. We consider it
our duty as heads of institutions of
higher learning to thus call to the
attention of the citizens of the state
the importance of maintaining satis
factory standards in medical educa
tion.
(Signed): Ray Lyman Wilbur,
President, Stanford University.
(Signed): David P. Barrows,
President, University of California.
The lowering of educational standards
and the voting of a medical education
to a very considerable group will re
sult from the present initiative meas
ures concerning chiropractic (No. 16)
and osteopathy (No. 20) if they be
come laws, says a joint statement is
sued today by Dr. Ray Lyman, pres
ident of Stanford University, and Dr.
David P. Barrows, president of the
University of California.
"We feel that any measure that per
mits men and women with low educa
tional standards to enter the field of
the practice of medicine is prejudicial
to the interests of our own students
and alumni and harmful to the public.
"The principal function of the uni
versity is to set educational stand
ards," the statement reads. "The Uni
versity of California and Stanford
University have endeavored to main
tain their professional schools on a
basis that would be recognized
throughout the United States and the
world. This is particularly true in re
gard to the Schools of Medicine.
"Sintfe public health is our most
precious possession, and the study of
medicine is difficult and must be based
upon a broad knowledge of funda
mental science, we are demanding of
our medical students that they under
go a longer training than that of any
other profession. Even with the seven
or eight years of university work re
quired. we are finding it difficult to
find time to give th ethorough train
ing necessary. The universities are
devoting large sums of money to the
education of medical students. We
feel that this is imperatively neces
sary in order to maintain standards
and to protect the public health.
The present initiative measures in
regard to chiropractics (No. 16) and
osteopathy (No. 20) would, if they
became laws, bring about a very defin
ite lowering of educational standards
and in effect would vote a medical ed
ucation to a very considerable group.
"Under the present laws of the state,
it is possible for any individual who
is trained in the fundamental sciences
to pass examinations and practice os
teopathy, chiropractics, or other forms
of drugless healing. At the same time
practitioners of medicine and surgery
must pass a rigid examination. We
feel that the present law gives full
scope to the practice of various meth
ods of treatment upon a basis that
protects the public. We consider it
our duty as heads of institutions of
higher learning to thus call to the
attention of the citizens of the state
the importance of maintaining satis
factory standards in medical educa
tion.
(Signed): Ray Lyman Wilbur,
President, Stanford University.
(Signed): David P. Barrows,
President, University of California.
The lowering of educational standards
and the voting of a medical education
to a very considerable group will re
sult from the present initiative meas
ures concerning chiropractic (No. 16)
and osteopathy (No. 20) if they be
come laws, says a joint statement is
sued today by Dr. Ray Lyman, pres
ident of Stanford University, and Dr.
David P. Barrows, president of the
University of California.
"We feel that any measure that per
mits men and women with low educa
tional standards to enter the field of
the practice of medicine is prejudicial
to the interests of our own students
and alumni and harmful to the public.
"The principal function of the uni
versity is to set educational stand
ards," the statement reads. "The Uni
versity of California and Stanford
University have endeavored to main
tain their professional schools on a
basis that would be recognized
throughout the United States and the
world. This is particularly true in re
gard to the Schools of Medicine.
"Sintfe public health is our most
precious possession, and the study of
medicine is difficult and must be based
upon a broad knowledge of funda
mental science, we are demanding of
our medical students that they under
go a longer training than that of any
other profession. Even with the seven
or eight years of university work re
quired. we are finding it difficult to
find time to give th ethorough train
ing necessary. The universities are
devoting large sums of money to the
education of medical students. We
feel that this is imperatively neces
sary in order to maintain standards
and to protect the public health.
The present initiative measures in
regard to chiropractics (No. 16) and
osteopathy (No. 20) would, if they
became laws, bring about a very defin
ite lowering of educational standards
and in effect would vote a medical ed
ucation to a very considerable group.
"Under the present laws of the state,
it is possible for any individual who
is trained in the fundamental sciences
to pass examinations and practice os
teopathy, chiropractics, or other forms
of drugless healing. At the same time
practitioners of medicine and surgery
must pass a rigid examination. We
feel that the present law gives full
scope to the practice of various meth
ods of treatment upon a basis that
protects the public. We consider it
our duty as heads of institutions of
higher learning to thus call to the
attention of the citizens of the state
the importance of maintaining satis
factory standards in medical educa
tion.
(Signed): Ray Lyman Wilbur,
President, Stanford University.
(Signed): David P. Barrows,
President, University of California.
The lowering of educational standards
and the voting of a medical education
to a very considerable group will re
sult from the present initiative meas
ures concerning chiropractic (No. 16)
and osteopathy (No. 20) if they be
come laws, says a joint statement is
sued today by Dr. Ray Lyman, pres
ident of Stanford University, and Dr.
David P. Barrows, president of the
University of California.
"We feel that any measure that per
mits men and women with low educa
tional standards to enter the field of
the practice of medicine is prejudicial
to the interests of our own students
and alumni and harmful to the public.
"The principal function of the uni
versity is to set educational stand
ards," the statement reads. "The Uni
versity of California and Stanford
University have endeavored to main
tain their professional schools on a
basis that would be recognized
throughout the United States and the
world. This is particularly true in re
gard to the Schools of Medicine.
"Sintfe public health is our most
precious possession, and the study of
medicine is difficult and must be based
upon a broad knowledge of funda
mental science, we are demanding of
our medical students that they under
go a longer training than that of any
other profession. Even with the seven
or eight years of university work re
quired. we are finding it difficult to
find time to give th ethorough train
ing necessary. The universities are
devoting large sums of money to the
education of medical students. We
feel that this is imperatively neces
sary in order to maintain standards
and to protect the public health.
The present initiative measures in
regard to chiropractics (No. 16) and
osteopathy (No. 20) would, if they
became laws, bring about a very defin
ite lowering of educational standards
and in effect would vote a medical ed
ucation to a very considerable group.
"Under the present laws of the state,
it is possible for any individual who
is trained in the fundamental sciences
to pass examinations and practice os
teopathy, chiropractics, or other forms
of drugless healing. At the same time
practitioners of medicine and surgery
must pass a rigid examination. We
feel that the present law gives full
scope to the practice of various meth
ods of treatment upon a basis that
protects the public. We consider it
our duty as heads of institutions of
higher learning to thus call to the
attention of the citizens of the state
the importance of maintaining satis
factory standards in medical educa
tion.
(Signed): Ray Lyman Wilbur,
President, Stanford University.
(Signed): David P. Barrows,
President, University of California.
The lowering of educational standards
and the voting of a medical education
to a very considerable group will re
sult from the present initiative meas
ures concerning chiropractic (No. 16)
and osteopathy (No. 20) if they be
come laws, says a joint statement is
sued today by Dr. Ray Lyman, pres
ident of Stanford University, and Dr.
David P. Barrows, president of the
University of California.
"We feel that any measure that per
mits men and women with low educa
tional standards to enter the field of
the practice of medicine is prejudicial
to the interests of our own students
and alumni and harmful to the public.
"The principal function of the uni
versity is to set educational stand
ards," the statement reads. "The Uni
versity of California and Stanford
University have endeavored to main
tain their professional schools on a
basis that would be recognized
throughout the United States and the
world. This is particularly true in re
gard to the Schools of Medicine.
"Sintfe public health is our most
precious possession, and the study of
medicine is difficult and must be based
upon a broad knowledge of funda
mental science, we are demanding of
our medical students that they under
go a longer training than that of any
other profession. Even with the seven
or eight years of university work re
quired. we are finding it difficult to
find time to give th ethorough train
ing necessary. The universities are
devoting large sums of money to the
education of medical students. We
feel that this is imperatively neces
sary in order to maintain standards
and to protect the public health.
The present initiative measures in
regard to chiropractics (No. 16) and
osteopathy (No. 20) would, if they
became laws, bring about a very defin
ite lowering of educational standards
and in effect would vote a medical ed
ucation to a very considerable group.
"Under the present laws of the state,
it is possible for any individual who
is trained in the fundamental sciences
to pass examinations and practice os
teopathy, chiropractics, or other forms
of drugless healing. At the same time
practitioners of medicine and surgery
must pass a rigid examination. We
feel that the present law gives full
scope to the practice of various meth
ods of treatment upon a basis that
protects the public. We consider it
our duty as heads of institutions of
higher learning to thus call to the
attention of the citizens of the state
the importance of maintaining satis
factory standards in medical educa
tion.
(Signed): Ray Lyman Wilbur,
President, Stanford University.
(Signed): David P. Barrows,
President, University of California.
The lowering of educational standards
and the voting of a medical education
to a very considerable group will re
sult from the present initiative meas
ures concerning chiropractic (No. 16)
and osteopathy (No. 20) if they be
come laws, says a joint statement is
sued today by Dr. Ray Lyman, pres
ident of Stanford University, and Dr.
David P. Barrows, president of the
University of California.
"We feel that any measure that per
mits men and women with low educa
tional standards to enter the field of
the practice of medicine is prejudicial
to the interests of our own students
and alumni and harmful to the public.
"The principal function of the uni
versity is to set educational stand
ards," the statement reads. "The Uni
versity of California and Stanford
University have endeavored to main
tain their professional schools on a
basis that would be recognized
throughout the United States and the
world. This is particularly true in re
gard to the Schools of Medicine.
"Sintfe public health is our most
precious possession, and the study of
medicine is difficult and must be based
upon a broad knowledge of funda
mental science, we are demanding of
our medical students that they under
go a longer training than that of any
other profession. Even with the seven
or eight years of university work re
quired. we are finding it difficult to
find time to give th ethorough train
ing necessary. The universities are
devoting large sums of money to the
education of medical students. We
feel that this is imperatively neces
sary in order to maintain standards
and to protect the public health.
The present initiative measures in
regard to chiropractics (No. 16) and
osteopathy (No. 20) would, if they
became laws, bring about a very defin
ite lowering of educational standards
and in effect would vote a medical ed
ucation to a very considerable group.
"Under the present laws of the state,
it is possible for any individual who
is trained in the fundamental sciences
to pass examinations and practice os
teopathy, chiropractics, or other forms
of drugless healing. At the same time
practitioners of medicine and surgery
must pass a rigid examination. We
feel that the present law gives full
scope to the practice of various meth
ods of treatment upon a basis that
protects the public. We consider it
our duty as heads of institutions of
higher learning to thus call to the
attention of the citizens of the state
the importance of maintaining satis
factory standards in medical educa
tion.
(Signed): Ray Lyman Wilbur,
President, Stanford University.
(Signed): David P. Barrows,
President, University of California.
The lowering of educational standards
and the voting of a medical education
to a very considerable group will re
sult from the present initiative meas
ures concerning chiropractic (No. 16)
and osteopathy (No. 20) if they be
come laws, says a joint statement is
sued today by Dr. Ray Lyman, pres
ident of Stanford University, and Dr.
David P. Barrows, president of the
University of California.
"We feel that any measure that per
mits men and women with low educa
tional standards to enter the field of
the practice of medicine is prejudicial
to the interests of our own students
and alumni and harmful to the public.
"The principal function of the uni
versity is to set educational stand
ards," the statement reads. "The Uni
versity of California and Stanford
University have endeavored to main
tain their professional schools on a
basis that would be recognized
throughout the United States and the
world. This is particularly true in re
gard to the Schools of Medicine.
"Sintfe public health is our most
precious possession, and the study of
medicine is difficult and must be based
upon a broad knowledge of funda
mental science, we are demanding of
our medical students that they under
go a longer training than that of any
other profession. Even with the seven
or eight years of university work re
quired. we are finding it difficult to
find time to give th ethorough train
ing necessary. The universities are
devoting large sums of money to the
education of medical students. We
feel that this is imperatively neces
sary in order to maintain standards
and to protect the public health.
The present initiative measures in
regard to chiropractics (No. 16) and
osteopathy (No. 20) would, if they
became laws, bring about a very defin
ite lowering of educational standards
and in effect would vote a medical ed
ucation to a very considerable group.
"Under the present laws of the state,
it is possible for any individual who
is trained in the fundamental sciences
to pass examinations and practice os
teopathy, chiropractics, or other forms
of drugless healing. At the same time
practitioners of medicine and surgery
must pass a rigid examination. We
feel that the present law gives full
scope to the practice of various meth
ods of treatment upon a basis that
protects the public. We consider it
our duty as heads of institutions of
higher learning to thus call to the
attention of the citizens of the state
the importance of maintaining satis
factory standards in medical educa
tion.
(Signed): Ray Lyman Wilbur,
President, Stanford University.
(Signed): David P. Barrows,
President, University of California.
The lowering of educational standards
and the voting of a medical education
to a very considerable group will re
sult from the present initiative meas
ures concerning chiropractic (No. 16)
and osteopathy (No. 20) if they be
come laws, says a joint statement is
sued today by Dr. Ray Lyman, pres
ident of Stanford University, and Dr.
David P. Barrows, president of the
University of California.
"We feel that any measure that per
mits men and women with low educa
tional standards to enter the field of
the practice of medicine is prejudicial
to the interests of our own students
and alumni and harmful to the public.
"The principal function of the uni
versity is to set educational stand
ards," the statement reads. "The Uni
versity of California and Stanford
University have endeavored to main
tain their professional schools on a
basis that would be recognized
throughout the United States and the
world. This is particularly true in re
gard to the Schools of Medicine.
"Sintfe public health is our most
precious possession, and the study of
medicine is difficult and must be based
upon a broad knowledge of funda
mental science, we are demanding of
our medical students that they under
go a longer training than that of any
other profession. Even with the seven
or eight years of university work re
quired. we are finding it difficult to
find time to give th ethorough train
ing necessary. The universities are
devoting large sums of money to the
education of medical students. We
feel that this is imperatively neces
sary in order to maintain standards
and to protect the public health.
The present initiative measures in
regard to chiropractics (No. 16) and
osteopathy (No. 20) would, if they
became laws, bring about a very defin
ite lowering of educational standards
and in effect would vote a medical ed
ucation to a very considerable group.
"Under the present laws of the state,
it is possible for any individual who
is trained in the fundamental sciences
to pass examinations and practice os
teopathy, chiropractics, or other forms
of drugless healing. At the same time
practitioners of medicine and surgery
must pass a rigid examination. We
feel that the present law gives full
scope to the practice of various meth
ods of treatment upon a basis that
protects the public. We consider it
our duty as heads of institutions of
higher learning to thus call to the
attention of the citizens of the state
the importance of maintaining satis
factory standards in medical educa
tion.
(Signed): Ray Lyman Wilbur,
President, Stanford University.
(Signed): David P. Barrows,
President, University of California.
The lowering of educational standards
and the voting of a medical education
to a very considerable group will re
sult from the present initiative meas
ures concerning chiropractic (No. 16)
and osteopathy (No. 20) if they be
come laws, says a joint statement is
sued today by Dr. Ray Lyman, pres
ident of Stanford University, and Dr.
David P. Barrows, president of the
University of California.
"We feel that any measure that per
mits men and women with low educa
tional standards to enter the field of
the practice of medicine is prejudicial
to the interests of our own students
and alumni and harmful to the public.
"The principal function of the uni
versity is to set educational stand
ards," the statement reads. "The Uni
versity of California and Stanford
University have endeavored to main
tain their professional schools on a
basis that would be recognized
throughout the United States and the
world. This is particularly true in re
gard to the Schools of Medicine.
"Sintfe public health is our most
precious possession, and the study of
medicine is difficult and must be based
upon a broad knowledge of funda
mental science, we are demanding of
our medical students that they under
go a longer training than that of any
other profession. Even with the seven
or eight years of university work re
quired. we are finding it difficult to
find time to give th ethorough train
ing necessary. The universities are
devoting large sums of money to the
education of medical students. We
feel that this is imperatively neces
sary in order to maintain standards
and to protect the public health.
The present initiative measures in
regard to chiropractics (No. 16) and
osteopathy (No. 20) would, if they
became laws, bring about a very defin
ite lowering of educational standards
and in effect would vote a medical ed
ucation to a very considerable group.
"Under the present laws of the state,
it is possible for any individual who
is trained in the fundamental sciences
to pass examinations and practice os
teopathy, chiropractics, or other forms
of drugless healing. At the same time
practitioners of medicine and surgery
must pass a rigid examination. We
feel that the present law gives full
scope to the practice of various meth
ods of treatment upon a basis that
protects the public. We consider it
our duty as heads of institutions of
higher learning to thus call to the
attention of the citizens of the state
the importance of maintaining satis
factory standards in medical educa
tion.
(Signed): Ray Lyman Wilbur,
President, Stanford University.
(Signed): David P. Barrows,
President, University of California.
The lowering of educational standards
and the voting of a medical education
to a very considerable group will re
sult from the present initiative meas
ures concerning chiropractic (No. 16)
and osteopathy (No. 20) if they be
come laws, says a joint statement is
sued today by Dr. Ray Lyman, pres
ident of Stanford University, and Dr.
David P. Barrows, president of the
University of California.
"We feel that any measure that per
mits men and women with low educa
tional standards to enter the field of
the practice of medicine is prejudicial
to the interests of our own students
and alumni and harmful to the public.
"The principal function of the uni
versity is to set educational stand
ards," the statement reads. "The Uni
versity of California and Stanford
University have endeavored to main
tain their professional schools on a
basis that would be recognized
throughout the United States and the
world. This is particularly true in re
gard to the Schools of Medicine.
"Sintfe public health is our most
precious possession, and the study of
medicine is difficult and must be based
upon a broad knowledge of funda
mental science, we are demanding of
our medical students that they under
go a longer training than that of any
other profession. Even with the seven
or eight years of university work re
quired. we are finding it difficult to
find time to give th ethorough train
ing necessary. The universities are
devoting large sums of money to the
education of medical students. We
feel that this is imperatively neces
sary in order to maintain standards
and to protect the public health.
The present initiative measures in
regard to chiropractics (No. 16) and
osteopathy (No. 20) would, if they
became laws, bring about a very defin
ite lowering of educational standards
and in effect would vote a medical ed
ucation to a very considerable group.
"Under the present laws of the state,
it is possible for any individual who
is trained in the fundamental sciences
to pass examinations and practice os
teopathy, chiropractics, or other forms
of drugless healing. At the same time
practitioners of medicine and surgery
must pass a rigid examination. We
feel that the present law gives full
scope to the practice of various meth
ods of treatment upon a basis that
protects the public. We consider it
our duty as heads of institutions of
higher learning to thus call to the
attention of the citizens of the state
the importance of maintaining satis
factory standards in medical educa
tion.
(Signed): Ray Lyman Wilbur,
President, Stanford University.
(Signed): David P. Barrows,
President, University of California.
The lowering of educational standards
and the voting of a medical education
to a very considerable group will re
sult from the present initiative meas
ures concerning chiropractic (No. 16)
and osteopathy (No. 20) if they be
come laws, says a joint statement is
sued today by Dr. Ray Lyman, pres
ident of Stanford University, and Dr.
David P. Barrows, president of the
University of California.
"We feel that any measure that per
mits men and women with low educa
tional standards to enter the field of
the practice of medicine is prejudicial
to the interests of our own students
and alumni and harmful to the public.
"The principal function of the uni
versity is to set educational stand
ards," the statement reads. "The Uni
versity of California and Stanford
University have endeavored to main
tain their professional schools on a
basis that would be recognized
throughout the United States and the
world. This is particularly true in re
gard to the Schools of Medicine.
"Sintfe public health is our most
precious possession, and the study of
medicine is difficult and must be based
upon a broad knowledge of funda
mental science, we are demanding of
our medical students that they under
go a longer training than that of any
other profession. Even with the seven
or eight years of university work re
quired. we are finding it difficult to
find time to give th ethorough train
ing necessary. The universities are
devoting large sums of money to the
education of medical students. We
feel that this is imperatively neces
sary in order to maintain standards
and to protect the public health.
The present initiative measures in
regard to chiropractics (No. 16) and
osteopathy (No. 20) would, if they
became laws, bring about a very defin
ite lowering of educational standards
and in effect would vote a medical ed
ucation to a very considerable group.
"Under the present laws of the state,
it is possible for any individual who
is trained in the fundamental sciences
to pass examinations and practice os
teopathy, chiropractics, or other forms
of drugless healing. At the same time
practitioners of medicine and surgery
must pass a rigid examination. We
feel that the present law gives full
scope to the practice of various meth
ods of treatment upon a basis that
protects the public. We consider it
our duty as heads of institutions of
higher learning to thus call to the
attention of the citizens of the state
the importance of maintaining satis
factory standards in medical educa
tion.
(Signed): Ray Lyman Wilbur,
President, Stanford University.
(Signed): David P. Barrows,
President, University of California.
