# PROFESSOR JOSHI DESCRIBES INDIAN WORLD INFLUENCES
## 
### 
"Intellectually, religiously, and com
mercially, India has had a great in
fluence on the civilization of the
world," Prof. S L. Joslii summarized
in his lecture last night in Memorial
Church on "The Contribution of India
to Civilization."
"India," the speaker said, "is the
meeting ground for the four great
creeds and cultures of the worldâ€”the
culture and civilization of the Far
East, that of India, of Islam, and of
the Anglo-Saxon race which is now
dominant.
"The influence of India is better
understood," Professor Joslii contin
ued, "when one realize.? that one-half
the population of the whole won J,
according to the last census, are Bud
dhists and Hindus.
"From a commercial point of view,
India once held the tame position ihat
the United States occupies today. It
is a country of vast natural resources
and traded with Greece, the Roman
Empire, and Babylon, in early times.
"Buddhism was the first democrat
izing influence in the world; the 1000
years in which it was the state re
ligion was the Golden Age of India.
Buddhism was opposed to the caste
system and the aristocratic doctrines
of Brahma."
Although it is generally believed
that India lagged behind in the devel
opment of the exact sciences, Profes
sor Joslii explained that the Hindus
were superior in these studies until
the Europeans applied steam to pro
duction. Mathematics, chemistry, and
astronomy were carried by the Sar
acens to other countries from India.
