# Course Opens Today
## 
### 
Students who intend to take the
second Senior Life Saving course
should go to the women's pool at
3 p.m. today. The course is for
men and women both.
Students who intend to take the
second Senior Life Saving course
should go to the women's pool at
3 p.m. today. The course is for
men and women both.
Students who intend to take the
second Senior Life Saving course
should go to the women's pool at
3 p.m. today. The course is for
men and women both.
Students who intend to take the
second Senior Life Saving course
should go to the women's pool at
3 p.m. today. The course is for
men and women both.
Students who intend to take the
second Senior Life Saving course
should go to the women's pool at
3 p.m. today. The course is for
men and women both.
Students who intend to take the
second Senior Life Saving course
should go to the women's pool at
3 p.m. today. The course is for
men and women both.
Students who intend to take the
second Senior Life Saving course
should go to the women's pool at
3 p.m. today. The course is for
men and women both.
Students who intend to take the
second Senior Life Saving course
should go to the women's pool at
3 p.m. today. The course is for
men and women both.
Students who intend to take the
second Senior Life Saving course
should go to the women's pool at
3 p.m. today. The course is for
men and women both.
Students who intend to take the
second Senior Life Saving course
should go to the women's pool at
3 p.m. today. The course is for
men and women both.
Students who intend to take the
second Senior Life Saving course
should go to the women's pool at
3 p.m. today. The course is for
men and women both.
Students who intend to take the
second Senior Life Saving course
should go to the women's pool at
3 p.m. today. The course is for
men and women both.
Students who intend to take the
second Senior Life Saving course
should go to the women's pool at
3 p.m. today. The course is for
men and women both.
Students who intend to take the
second Senior Life Saving course
should go to the women's pool at
3 p.m. today. The course is for
men and women both.
Students who intend to take the
second Senior Life Saving course
should go to the women's pool at
3 p.m. today. The course is for
men and women both.
Students who intend to take the
second Senior Life Saving course
should go to the women's pool at
3 p.m. today. The course is for
men and women both.
Students who intend to take the
second Senior Life Saving course
should go to the women's pool at
3 p.m. today. The course is for
men and women both.
Students who intend to take the
second Senior Life Saving course
should go to the women's pool at
3 p.m. today. The course is for
men and women both.
