# Adv. 22 Page 7
## 
### 
GETAWAY CAR
531
5c a mile.
Get around this Spring Break in
a new 1971 Pinto
Students H| ffvfl
years AfiyjlUijiMiuOT Call
older. 321-5800
w I
GUILD
I I 1 KEN S
HPMMhPHH 1
KEPLER s
books
alec; 11] MENLO
1 STORE LM CAR WASH
«*-— ♦»
STANFORD
y&9HH| shopping |^m
CENTER ■
GETAWAY CAR
531
5c a mile.
Get around this Spring Break in
a new 1971 Pinto
Students H| ffvfl
years AfiyjlUijiMiuOT Call
older. 321-5800
w I
GUILD
I I 1 KEN S
HPMMhPHH 1
KEPLER s
books
alec; 11] MENLO
1 STORE LM CAR WASH
«*-— ♦»
STANFORD
y&9HH| shopping |^m
CENTER ■
GETAWAY CAR
531
5c a mile.
Get around this Spring Break in
a new 1971 Pinto
Students H| ffvfl
years AfiyjlUijiMiuOT Call
older. 321-5800
w I
GUILD
I I 1 KEN S
HPMMhPHH 1
KEPLER s
books
alec; 11] MENLO
1 STORE LM CAR WASH
«*-— ♦»
STANFORD
y&9HH| shopping |^m
CENTER ■
GETAWAY CAR
531
5c a mile.
Get around this Spring Break in
a new 1971 Pinto
Students H| ffvfl
years AfiyjlUijiMiuOT Call
older. 321-5800
w I
GUILD
I I 1 KEN S
HPMMhPHH 1
KEPLER s
books
alec; 11] MENLO
1 STORE LM CAR WASH
«*-— ♦»
STANFORD
y&9HH| shopping |^m
CENTER ■
GETAWAY CAR
531
5c a mile.
Get around this Spring Break in
a new 1971 Pinto
Students H| ffvfl
years AfiyjlUijiMiuOT Call
older. 321-5800
w I
GUILD
I I 1 KEN S
HPMMhPHH 1
KEPLER s
books
alec; 11] MENLO
1 STORE LM CAR WASH
«*-— ♦»
STANFORD
y&9HH| shopping |^m
CENTER ■
GETAWAY CAR
531
5c a mile.
Get around this Spring Break in
a new 1971 Pinto
Students H| ffvfl
years AfiyjlUijiMiuOT Call
older. 321-5800
w I
GUILD
I I 1 KEN S
HPMMhPHH 1
KEPLER s
books
alec; 11] MENLO
1 STORE LM CAR WASH
«*-— ♦»
STANFORD
y&9HH| shopping |^m
CENTER ■
GETAWAY CAR
531
5c a mile.
Get around this Spring Break in
a new 1971 Pinto
Students H| ffvfl
years AfiyjlUijiMiuOT Call
older. 321-5800
w I
GUILD
I I 1 KEN S
HPMMhPHH 1
KEPLER s
books
alec; 11] MENLO
1 STORE LM CAR WASH
«*-— ♦»
STANFORD
y&9HH| shopping |^m
CENTER ■
GETAWAY CAR
531
5c a mile.
Get around this Spring Break in
a new 1971 Pinto
Students H| ffvfl
years AfiyjlUijiMiuOT Call
older. 321-5800
w I
GUILD
I I 1 KEN S
HPMMhPHH 1
KEPLER s
books
alec; 11] MENLO
1 STORE LM CAR WASH
«*-— ♦»
STANFORD
y&9HH| shopping |^m
CENTER ■
GETAWAY CAR
531
5c a mile.
Get around this Spring Break in
a new 1971 Pinto
Students H| ffvfl
years AfiyjlUijiMiuOT Call
older. 321-5800
w I
GUILD
I I 1 KEN S
HPMMhPHH 1
KEPLER s
books
alec; 11] MENLO
1 STORE LM CAR WASH
«*-— ♦»
STANFORD
y&9HH| shopping |^m
CENTER ■
GETAWAY CAR
531
5c a mile.
Get around this Spring Break in
a new 1971 Pinto
Students H| ffvfl
years AfiyjlUijiMiuOT Call
older. 321-5800
w I
GUILD
I I 1 KEN S
HPMMhPHH 1
KEPLER s
books
alec; 11] MENLO
1 STORE LM CAR WASH
«*-— ♦»
STANFORD
y&9HH| shopping |^m
CENTER ■
GETAWAY CAR
531
5c a mile.
Get around this Spring Break in
a new 1971 Pinto
Students H| ffvfl
years AfiyjlUijiMiuOT Call
older. 321-5800
w I
GUILD
I I 1 KEN S
HPMMhPHH 1
KEPLER s
books
alec; 11] MENLO
1 STORE LM CAR WASH
«*-— ♦»
STANFORD
y&9HH| shopping |^m
CENTER ■
GETAWAY CAR
531
5c a mile.
Get around this Spring Break in
a new 1971 Pinto
Students H| ffvfl
years AfiyjlUijiMiuOT Call
older. 321-5800
w I
GUILD
I I 1 KEN S
HPMMhPHH 1
KEPLER s
books
alec; 11] MENLO
1 STORE LM CAR WASH
«*-— ♦»
STANFORD
y&9HH| shopping |^m
CENTER ■
GETAWAY CAR
531
5c a mile.
Get around this Spring Break in
a new 1971 Pinto
Students H| ffvfl
years AfiyjlUijiMiuOT Call
older. 321-5800
w I
GUILD
I I 1 KEN S
HPMMhPHH 1
KEPLER s
books
alec; 11] MENLO
1 STORE LM CAR WASH
«*-— ♦»
STANFORD
y&9HH| shopping |^m
CENTER ■
