# Untitled Article
## 
### 

Emmylou Harris
Country music singer Emmylou Harris will
appear Friday night, Feb. 4 in Memorial Au-

—Photo courtesy Monterey Peninsula Artists
ditorium. Performance times for the two
shows are 7:30 and 10 p.m. Tickets are $7,
$6 and $5, with $1 off for Stanford students.

Emmylou Harris
Country music singer Emmylou Harris will
appear Friday night, Feb. 4 in Memorial Au-

—Photo courtesy Monterey Peninsula Artists
ditorium. Performance times for the two
shows are 7:30 and 10 p.m. Tickets are $7,
$6 and $5, with $1 off for Stanford students.

Emmylou Harris
Country music singer Emmylou Harris will
appear Friday night, Feb. 4 in Memorial Au-

—Photo courtesy Monterey Peninsula Artists
ditorium. Performance times for the two
shows are 7:30 and 10 p.m. Tickets are $7,
$6 and $5, with $1 off for Stanford students.

Emmylou Harris
Country music singer Emmylou Harris will
appear Friday night, Feb. 4 in Memorial Au-

—Photo courtesy Monterey Peninsula Artists
ditorium. Performance times for the two
shows are 7:30 and 10 p.m. Tickets are $7,
$6 and $5, with $1 off for Stanford students.

Emmylou Harris
Country music singer Emmylou Harris will
appear Friday night, Feb. 4 in Memorial Au-

—Photo courtesy Monterey Peninsula Artists
ditorium. Performance times for the two
shows are 7:30 and 10 p.m. Tickets are $7,
$6 and $5, with $1 off for Stanford students.

Emmylou Harris
Country music singer Emmylou Harris will
appear Friday night, Feb. 4 in Memorial Au-

—Photo courtesy Monterey Peninsula Artists
ditorium. Performance times for the two
shows are 7:30 and 10 p.m. Tickets are $7,
$6 and $5, with $1 off for Stanford students.

Emmylou Harris
Country music singer Emmylou Harris will
appear Friday night, Feb. 4 in Memorial Au-

—Photo courtesy Monterey Peninsula Artists
ditorium. Performance times for the two
shows are 7:30 and 10 p.m. Tickets are $7,
$6 and $5, with $1 off for Stanford students.

Emmylou Harris
Country music singer Emmylou Harris will
appear Friday night, Feb. 4 in Memorial Au-

—Photo courtesy Monterey Peninsula Artists
ditorium. Performance times for the two
shows are 7:30 and 10 p.m. Tickets are $7,
$6 and $5, with $1 off for Stanford students.

Emmylou Harris
Country music singer Emmylou Harris will
appear Friday night, Feb. 4 in Memorial Au-

—Photo courtesy Monterey Peninsula Artists
ditorium. Performance times for the two
shows are 7:30 and 10 p.m. Tickets are $7,
$6 and $5, with $1 off for Stanford students.

Emmylou Harris
Country music singer Emmylou Harris will
appear Friday night, Feb. 4 in Memorial Au-

—Photo courtesy Monterey Peninsula Artists
ditorium. Performance times for the two
shows are 7:30 and 10 p.m. Tickets are $7,
$6 and $5, with $1 off for Stanford students.

Emmylou Harris
Country music singer Emmylou Harris will
appear Friday night, Feb. 4 in Memorial Au-

—Photo courtesy Monterey Peninsula Artists
ditorium. Performance times for the two
shows are 7:30 and 10 p.m. Tickets are $7,
$6 and $5, with $1 off for Stanford students.

Emmylou Harris
Country music singer Emmylou Harris will
appear Friday night, Feb. 4 in Memorial Au-

—Photo courtesy Monterey Peninsula Artists
ditorium. Performance times for the two
shows are 7:30 and 10 p.m. Tickets are $7,
$6 and $5, with $1 off for Stanford students.

Emmylou Harris
Country music singer Emmylou Harris will
appear Friday night, Feb. 4 in Memorial Au-

—Photo courtesy Monterey Peninsula Artists
ditorium. Performance times for the two
shows are 7:30 and 10 p.m. Tickets are $7,
$6 and $5, with $1 off for Stanford students.

Emmylou Harris
Country music singer Emmylou Harris will
appear Friday night, Feb. 4 in Memorial Au-

—Photo courtesy Monterey Peninsula Artists
ditorium. Performance times for the two
shows are 7:30 and 10 p.m. Tickets are $7,
$6 and $5, with $1 off for Stanford students.
