# Untitled Article
## 
### 
EURIPIDES AT DINK—"The
Bacchae," William Russo's
adaptation of Euripides' famous
tragedy dealing with the God
Dionysus and his spell over the
royal family of Thebes, will be
performed by the San Erancisco
Free Theater on Saturday,
October 23 in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. 8 and 10 p.m.
EURIPIDES AT DINK—"The
Bacchae," William Russo's
adaptation of Euripides' famous
tragedy dealing with the God
Dionysus and his spell over the
royal family of Thebes, will be
performed by the San Erancisco
Free Theater on Saturday,
October 23 in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. 8 and 10 p.m.
EURIPIDES AT DINK—"The
Bacchae," William Russo's
adaptation of Euripides' famous
tragedy dealing with the God
Dionysus and his spell over the
royal family of Thebes, will be
performed by the San Erancisco
Free Theater on Saturday,
October 23 in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. 8 and 10 p.m.
EURIPIDES AT DINK—"The
Bacchae," William Russo's
adaptation of Euripides' famous
tragedy dealing with the God
Dionysus and his spell over the
royal family of Thebes, will be
performed by the San Erancisco
Free Theater on Saturday,
October 23 in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. 8 and 10 p.m.
EURIPIDES AT DINK—"The
Bacchae," William Russo's
adaptation of Euripides' famous
tragedy dealing with the God
Dionysus and his spell over the
royal family of Thebes, will be
performed by the San Erancisco
Free Theater on Saturday,
October 23 in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. 8 and 10 p.m.
EURIPIDES AT DINK—"The
Bacchae," William Russo's
adaptation of Euripides' famous
tragedy dealing with the God
Dionysus and his spell over the
royal family of Thebes, will be
performed by the San Erancisco
Free Theater on Saturday,
October 23 in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. 8 and 10 p.m.
EURIPIDES AT DINK—"The
Bacchae," William Russo's
adaptation of Euripides' famous
tragedy dealing with the God
Dionysus and his spell over the
royal family of Thebes, will be
performed by the San Erancisco
Free Theater on Saturday,
October 23 in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. 8 and 10 p.m.
EURIPIDES AT DINK—"The
Bacchae," William Russo's
adaptation of Euripides' famous
tragedy dealing with the God
Dionysus and his spell over the
royal family of Thebes, will be
performed by the San Erancisco
Free Theater on Saturday,
October 23 in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. 8 and 10 p.m.
EURIPIDES AT DINK—"The
Bacchae," William Russo's
adaptation of Euripides' famous
tragedy dealing with the God
Dionysus and his spell over the
royal family of Thebes, will be
performed by the San Erancisco
Free Theater on Saturday,
October 23 in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. 8 and 10 p.m.
EURIPIDES AT DINK—"The
Bacchae," William Russo's
adaptation of Euripides' famous
tragedy dealing with the God
Dionysus and his spell over the
royal family of Thebes, will be
performed by the San Erancisco
Free Theater on Saturday,
October 23 in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. 8 and 10 p.m.
EURIPIDES AT DINK—"The
Bacchae," William Russo's
adaptation of Euripides' famous
tragedy dealing with the God
Dionysus and his spell over the
royal family of Thebes, will be
performed by the San Erancisco
Free Theater on Saturday,
October 23 in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. 8 and 10 p.m.
EURIPIDES AT DINK—"The
Bacchae," William Russo's
adaptation of Euripides' famous
tragedy dealing with the God
Dionysus and his spell over the
royal family of Thebes, will be
performed by the San Erancisco
Free Theater on Saturday,
October 23 in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. 8 and 10 p.m.
EURIPIDES AT DINK—"The
Bacchae," William Russo's
adaptation of Euripides' famous
tragedy dealing with the God
Dionysus and his spell over the
royal family of Thebes, will be
performed by the San Erancisco
Free Theater on Saturday,
October 23 in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. 8 and 10 p.m.
EURIPIDES AT DINK—"The
Bacchae," William Russo's
adaptation of Euripides' famous
tragedy dealing with the God
Dionysus and his spell over the
royal family of Thebes, will be
performed by the San Erancisco
Free Theater on Saturday,
October 23 in Dinkelspiel
Auditorium. 8 and 10 p.m.
