# Lagunita Excom. Conference Meet
## 
### 
Lagunita Excom and Women's
Conference met in their first joint
meeting of the current quarter in
the Adelfa social room at 4:30 p.
m. yesterday, according to Sara Mae
Wills, president of Lagunita and
Women's Conference.
By combining Conference and
Lagunita Court Excom into one ses
sion each week, an unnecessary
meeting would be avoided, Miss
Wills explained. Lagunita Court
officers, Director, Resident Assist
ants, and Committee of Seven mem
bers are present at the Excom
meetings.
Lagunita Excom and Women's
Conference met in their first joint
meeting of the current quarter in
the Adelfa social room at 4:30 p.
m. yesterday, according to Sara Mae
Wills, president of Lagunita and
Women's Conference.
By combining Conference and
Lagunita Court Excom into one ses
sion each week, an unnecessary
meeting would be avoided, Miss
Wills explained. Lagunita Court
officers, Director, Resident Assist
ants, and Committee of Seven mem
bers are present at the Excom
meetings.
Lagunita Excom and Women's
Conference met in their first joint
meeting of the current quarter in
the Adelfa social room at 4:30 p.
m. yesterday, according to Sara Mae
Wills, president of Lagunita and
Women's Conference.
By combining Conference and
Lagunita Court Excom into one ses
sion each week, an unnecessary
meeting would be avoided, Miss
Wills explained. Lagunita Court
officers, Director, Resident Assist
ants, and Committee of Seven mem
bers are present at the Excom
meetings.
Lagunita Excom and Women's
Conference met in their first joint
meeting of the current quarter in
the Adelfa social room at 4:30 p.
m. yesterday, according to Sara Mae
Wills, president of Lagunita and
Women's Conference.
By combining Conference and
Lagunita Court Excom into one ses
sion each week, an unnecessary
meeting would be avoided, Miss
Wills explained. Lagunita Court
officers, Director, Resident Assist
ants, and Committee of Seven mem
bers are present at the Excom
meetings.
Lagunita Excom and Women's
Conference met in their first joint
meeting of the current quarter in
the Adelfa social room at 4:30 p.
m. yesterday, according to Sara Mae
Wills, president of Lagunita and
Women's Conference.
By combining Conference and
Lagunita Court Excom into one ses
sion each week, an unnecessary
meeting would be avoided, Miss
Wills explained. Lagunita Court
officers, Director, Resident Assist
ants, and Committee of Seven mem
bers are present at the Excom
meetings.
Lagunita Excom and Women's
Conference met in their first joint
meeting of the current quarter in
the Adelfa social room at 4:30 p.
m. yesterday, according to Sara Mae
Wills, president of Lagunita and
Women's Conference.
By combining Conference and
Lagunita Court Excom into one ses
sion each week, an unnecessary
meeting would be avoided, Miss
Wills explained. Lagunita Court
officers, Director, Resident Assist
ants, and Committee of Seven mem
bers are present at the Excom
meetings.
Lagunita Excom and Women's
Conference met in their first joint
meeting of the current quarter in
the Adelfa social room at 4:30 p.
m. yesterday, according to Sara Mae
Wills, president of Lagunita and
Women's Conference.
By combining Conference and
Lagunita Court Excom into one ses
sion each week, an unnecessary
meeting would be avoided, Miss
Wills explained. Lagunita Court
officers, Director, Resident Assist
ants, and Committee of Seven mem
bers are present at the Excom
meetings.
Lagunita Excom and Women's
Conference met in their first joint
meeting of the current quarter in
the Adelfa social room at 4:30 p.
m. yesterday, according to Sara Mae
Wills, president of Lagunita and
Women's Conference.
By combining Conference and
Lagunita Court Excom into one ses
sion each week, an unnecessary
meeting would be avoided, Miss
Wills explained. Lagunita Court
officers, Director, Resident Assist
ants, and Committee of Seven mem
bers are present at the Excom
meetings.
Lagunita Excom and Women's
Conference met in their first joint
meeting of the current quarter in
the Adelfa social room at 4:30 p.
m. yesterday, according to Sara Mae
Wills, president of Lagunita and
Women's Conference.
By combining Conference and
Lagunita Court Excom into one ses
sion each week, an unnecessary
meeting would be avoided, Miss
Wills explained. Lagunita Court
officers, Director, Resident Assist
ants, and Committee of Seven mem
bers are present at the Excom
meetings.
Lagunita Excom and Women's
Conference met in their first joint
meeting of the current quarter in
the Adelfa social room at 4:30 p.
m. yesterday, according to Sara Mae
Wills, president of Lagunita and
Women's Conference.
By combining Conference and
Lagunita Court Excom into one ses
sion each week, an unnecessary
meeting would be avoided, Miss
Wills explained. Lagunita Court
officers, Director, Resident Assist
ants, and Committee of Seven mem
bers are present at the Excom
meetings.
Lagunita Excom and Women's
Conference met in their first joint
meeting of the current quarter in
the Adelfa social room at 4:30 p.
m. yesterday, according to Sara Mae
Wills, president of Lagunita and
Women's Conference.
By combining Conference and
Lagunita Court Excom into one ses
sion each week, an unnecessary
meeting would be avoided, Miss
Wills explained. Lagunita Court
officers, Director, Resident Assist
ants, and Committee of Seven mem
bers are present at the Excom
meetings.
Lagunita Excom and Women's
Conference met in their first joint
meeting of the current quarter in
the Adelfa social room at 4:30 p.
m. yesterday, according to Sara Mae
Wills, president of Lagunita and
Women's Conference.
By combining Conference and
Lagunita Court Excom into one ses
sion each week, an unnecessary
meeting would be avoided, Miss
Wills explained. Lagunita Court
officers, Director, Resident Assist
ants, and Committee of Seven mem
bers are present at the Excom
meetings.
Lagunita Excom and Women's
Conference met in their first joint
meeting of the current quarter in
the Adelfa social room at 4:30 p.
m. yesterday, according to Sara Mae
Wills, president of Lagunita and
Women's Conference.
By combining Conference and
Lagunita Court Excom into one ses
sion each week, an unnecessary
meeting would be avoided, Miss
Wills explained. Lagunita Court
officers, Director, Resident Assist
ants, and Committee of Seven mem
bers are present at the Excom
meetings.
Lagunita Excom and Women's
Conference met in their first joint
meeting of the current quarter in
the Adelfa social room at 4:30 p.
m. yesterday, according to Sara Mae
Wills, president of Lagunita and
Women's Conference.
By combining Conference and
Lagunita Court Excom into one ses
sion each week, an unnecessary
meeting would be avoided, Miss
Wills explained. Lagunita Court
officers, Director, Resident Assist
ants, and Committee of Seven mem
bers are present at the Excom
meetings.
Lagunita Excom and Women's
Conference met in their first joint
meeting of the current quarter in
the Adelfa social room at 4:30 p.
m. yesterday, according to Sara Mae
Wills, president of Lagunita and
Women's Conference.
By combining Conference and
Lagunita Court Excom into one ses
sion each week, an unnecessary
meeting would be avoided, Miss
Wills explained. Lagunita Court
officers, Director, Resident Assist
ants, and Committee of Seven mem
bers are present at the Excom
meetings.
