# LAGUNITA SING
## 
### 
Bill Shepherd will lead the group
singing at the all-campus sing In
Lagunita at 7:15 tonight. Dancing
in the social rooms until 11:30 p.
m. will mark the pre-Fourth cele
bration.
Bill Shepherd will lead the group
singing at the all-campus sing In
Lagunita at 7:15 tonight. Dancing
in the social rooms until 11:30 p.
m. will mark the pre-Fourth cele
bration.
Bill Shepherd will lead the group
singing at the all-campus sing In
Lagunita at 7:15 tonight. Dancing
in the social rooms until 11:30 p.
m. will mark the pre-Fourth cele
bration.
Bill Shepherd will lead the group
singing at the all-campus sing In
Lagunita at 7:15 tonight. Dancing
in the social rooms until 11:30 p.
m. will mark the pre-Fourth cele
bration.
Bill Shepherd will lead the group
singing at the all-campus sing In
Lagunita at 7:15 tonight. Dancing
in the social rooms until 11:30 p.
m. will mark the pre-Fourth cele
bration.
Bill Shepherd will lead the group
singing at the all-campus sing In
Lagunita at 7:15 tonight. Dancing
in the social rooms until 11:30 p.
m. will mark the pre-Fourth cele
bration.
Bill Shepherd will lead the group
singing at the all-campus sing In
Lagunita at 7:15 tonight. Dancing
in the social rooms until 11:30 p.
m. will mark the pre-Fourth cele
bration.
Bill Shepherd will lead the group
singing at the all-campus sing In
Lagunita at 7:15 tonight. Dancing
in the social rooms until 11:30 p.
m. will mark the pre-Fourth cele
bration.
Bill Shepherd will lead the group
singing at the all-campus sing In
Lagunita at 7:15 tonight. Dancing
in the social rooms until 11:30 p.
m. will mark the pre-Fourth cele
bration.
Bill Shepherd will lead the group
singing at the all-campus sing In
Lagunita at 7:15 tonight. Dancing
in the social rooms until 11:30 p.
m. will mark the pre-Fourth cele
bration.
Bill Shepherd will lead the group
singing at the all-campus sing In
Lagunita at 7:15 tonight. Dancing
in the social rooms until 11:30 p.
m. will mark the pre-Fourth cele
bration.
Bill Shepherd will lead the group
singing at the all-campus sing In
Lagunita at 7:15 tonight. Dancing
in the social rooms until 11:30 p.
m. will mark the pre-Fourth cele
bration.
Bill Shepherd will lead the group
singing at the all-campus sing In
Lagunita at 7:15 tonight. Dancing
in the social rooms until 11:30 p.
m. will mark the pre-Fourth cele
bration.
Bill Shepherd will lead the group
singing at the all-campus sing In
Lagunita at 7:15 tonight. Dancing
in the social rooms until 11:30 p.
m. will mark the pre-Fourth cele
bration.
Bill Shepherd will lead the group
singing at the all-campus sing In
Lagunita at 7:15 tonight. Dancing
in the social rooms until 11:30 p.
m. will mark the pre-Fourth cele
bration.
