# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
"Rebuild your car and
save the difference"
PALO ALTO MACHINE
WORKS
660 High St.
Phone P.A. 557
