# DR. LOUIS I. NEWMAN TO ADDRESS EUPHRONIA
## 
### 
Dr. Louis I. Newman, Rabbi of th 6
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
Address the Euphronia Debating So
ciety Wednesday evening at 7:45
o'clock in the lobby of the Old Union.
His subject is to be, "Who Shall In
herit the United States?"
The general public is invited by
Herbert L .Sommer, president of Eu
phronia, to attend this open meeting
of the society. Dr. Newman is a promi
nent religious leader of San Francisco
and has delivered two sermons in the
Memorial Church during the past year.
Dr. Louis I. Newman, Rabbi of th 6
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
Address the Euphronia Debating So
ciety Wednesday evening at 7:45
o'clock in the lobby of the Old Union.
His subject is to be, "Who Shall In
herit the United States?"
The general public is invited by
Herbert L .Sommer, president of Eu
phronia, to attend this open meeting
of the society. Dr. Newman is a promi
nent religious leader of San Francisco
and has delivered two sermons in the
Memorial Church during the past year.
Dr. Louis I. Newman, Rabbi of th 6
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
Address the Euphronia Debating So
ciety Wednesday evening at 7:45
o'clock in the lobby of the Old Union.
His subject is to be, "Who Shall In
herit the United States?"
The general public is invited by
Herbert L .Sommer, president of Eu
phronia, to attend this open meeting
of the society. Dr. Newman is a promi
nent religious leader of San Francisco
and has delivered two sermons in the
Memorial Church during the past year.
Dr. Louis I. Newman, Rabbi of th 6
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
Address the Euphronia Debating So
ciety Wednesday evening at 7:45
o'clock in the lobby of the Old Union.
His subject is to be, "Who Shall In
herit the United States?"
The general public is invited by
Herbert L .Sommer, president of Eu
phronia, to attend this open meeting
of the society. Dr. Newman is a promi
nent religious leader of San Francisco
and has delivered two sermons in the
Memorial Church during the past year.
Dr. Louis I. Newman, Rabbi of th 6
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
Address the Euphronia Debating So
ciety Wednesday evening at 7:45
o'clock in the lobby of the Old Union.
His subject is to be, "Who Shall In
herit the United States?"
The general public is invited by
Herbert L .Sommer, president of Eu
phronia, to attend this open meeting
of the society. Dr. Newman is a promi
nent religious leader of San Francisco
and has delivered two sermons in the
Memorial Church during the past year.
Dr. Louis I. Newman, Rabbi of th 6
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
Address the Euphronia Debating So
ciety Wednesday evening at 7:45
o'clock in the lobby of the Old Union.
His subject is to be, "Who Shall In
herit the United States?"
The general public is invited by
Herbert L .Sommer, president of Eu
phronia, to attend this open meeting
of the society. Dr. Newman is a promi
nent religious leader of San Francisco
and has delivered two sermons in the
Memorial Church during the past year.
Dr. Louis I. Newman, Rabbi of th 6
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
Address the Euphronia Debating So
ciety Wednesday evening at 7:45
o'clock in the lobby of the Old Union.
His subject is to be, "Who Shall In
herit the United States?"
The general public is invited by
Herbert L .Sommer, president of Eu
phronia, to attend this open meeting
of the society. Dr. Newman is a promi
nent religious leader of San Francisco
and has delivered two sermons in the
Memorial Church during the past year.
Dr. Louis I. Newman, Rabbi of th 6
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
Address the Euphronia Debating So
ciety Wednesday evening at 7:45
o'clock in the lobby of the Old Union.
His subject is to be, "Who Shall In
herit the United States?"
The general public is invited by
Herbert L .Sommer, president of Eu
phronia, to attend this open meeting
of the society. Dr. Newman is a promi
nent religious leader of San Francisco
and has delivered two sermons in the
Memorial Church during the past year.
Dr. Louis I. Newman, Rabbi of th 6
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
Address the Euphronia Debating So
ciety Wednesday evening at 7:45
o'clock in the lobby of the Old Union.
His subject is to be, "Who Shall In
herit the United States?"
The general public is invited by
Herbert L .Sommer, president of Eu
phronia, to attend this open meeting
of the society. Dr. Newman is a promi
nent religious leader of San Francisco
and has delivered two sermons in the
Memorial Church during the past year.
Dr. Louis I. Newman, Rabbi of th 6
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
Address the Euphronia Debating So
ciety Wednesday evening at 7:45
o'clock in the lobby of the Old Union.
His subject is to be, "Who Shall In
herit the United States?"
The general public is invited by
Herbert L .Sommer, president of Eu
phronia, to attend this open meeting
of the society. Dr. Newman is a promi
nent religious leader of San Francisco
and has delivered two sermons in the
Memorial Church during the past year.
Dr. Louis I. Newman, Rabbi of th 6
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
Address the Euphronia Debating So
ciety Wednesday evening at 7:45
o'clock in the lobby of the Old Union.
His subject is to be, "Who Shall In
herit the United States?"
The general public is invited by
Herbert L .Sommer, president of Eu
phronia, to attend this open meeting
of the society. Dr. Newman is a promi
nent religious leader of San Francisco
and has delivered two sermons in the
Memorial Church during the past year.
Dr. Louis I. Newman, Rabbi of th 6
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
Address the Euphronia Debating So
ciety Wednesday evening at 7:45
o'clock in the lobby of the Old Union.
His subject is to be, "Who Shall In
herit the United States?"
The general public is invited by
Herbert L .Sommer, president of Eu
phronia, to attend this open meeting
of the society. Dr. Newman is a promi
nent religious leader of San Francisco
and has delivered two sermons in the
Memorial Church during the past year.
Dr. Louis I. Newman, Rabbi of th 6
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
Address the Euphronia Debating So
ciety Wednesday evening at 7:45
o'clock in the lobby of the Old Union.
His subject is to be, "Who Shall In
herit the United States?"
The general public is invited by
Herbert L .Sommer, president of Eu
phronia, to attend this open meeting
of the society. Dr. Newman is a promi
nent religious leader of San Francisco
and has delivered two sermons in the
Memorial Church during the past year.
Dr. Louis I. Newman, Rabbi of th 6
Temple Emanu-El, San Francisco, will
Address the Euphronia Debating So
ciety Wednesday evening at 7:45
o'clock in the lobby of the Old Union.
His subject is to be, "Who Shall In
herit the United States?"
The general public is invited by
Herbert L .Sommer, president of Eu
phronia, to attend this open meeting
of the society. Dr. Newman is a promi
nent religious leader of San Francisco
and has delivered two sermons in the
Memorial Church during the past year.
