# Education Fraternities To Hold Joint Meeting
## 
### 
A joint meeting of Pi Lambda Theta
and Phi Delta Kappa will he held this
evening at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Dr. John C. Almack of the fac
ulty, and a member of Phi Delta
Kappa, will speak on "Publishing
Monographs "
A joint meeting of Pi Lambda Theta
and Phi Delta Kappa will he held this
evening at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Dr. John C. Almack of the fac
ulty, and a member of Phi Delta
Kappa, will speak on "Publishing
Monographs "
A joint meeting of Pi Lambda Theta
and Phi Delta Kappa will he held this
evening at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Dr. John C. Almack of the fac
ulty, and a member of Phi Delta
Kappa, will speak on "Publishing
Monographs "
A joint meeting of Pi Lambda Theta
and Phi Delta Kappa will he held this
evening at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Dr. John C. Almack of the fac
ulty, and a member of Phi Delta
Kappa, will speak on "Publishing
Monographs "
A joint meeting of Pi Lambda Theta
and Phi Delta Kappa will he held this
evening at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Dr. John C. Almack of the fac
ulty, and a member of Phi Delta
Kappa, will speak on "Publishing
Monographs "
A joint meeting of Pi Lambda Theta
and Phi Delta Kappa will he held this
evening at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Dr. John C. Almack of the fac
ulty, and a member of Phi Delta
Kappa, will speak on "Publishing
Monographs "
A joint meeting of Pi Lambda Theta
and Phi Delta Kappa will he held this
evening at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Dr. John C. Almack of the fac
ulty, and a member of Phi Delta
Kappa, will speak on "Publishing
Monographs "
A joint meeting of Pi Lambda Theta
and Phi Delta Kappa will he held this
evening at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Dr. John C. Almack of the fac
ulty, and a member of Phi Delta
Kappa, will speak on "Publishing
Monographs "
A joint meeting of Pi Lambda Theta
and Phi Delta Kappa will he held this
evening at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Dr. John C. Almack of the fac
ulty, and a member of Phi Delta
Kappa, will speak on "Publishing
Monographs "
A joint meeting of Pi Lambda Theta
and Phi Delta Kappa will he held this
evening at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Dr. John C. Almack of the fac
ulty, and a member of Phi Delta
Kappa, will speak on "Publishing
Monographs "
A joint meeting of Pi Lambda Theta
and Phi Delta Kappa will he held this
evening at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Dr. John C. Almack of the fac
ulty, and a member of Phi Delta
Kappa, will speak on "Publishing
Monographs "
A joint meeting of Pi Lambda Theta
and Phi Delta Kappa will he held this
evening at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Dr. John C. Almack of the fac
ulty, and a member of Phi Delta
Kappa, will speak on "Publishing
Monographs "
A joint meeting of Pi Lambda Theta
and Phi Delta Kappa will he held this
evening at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Dr. John C. Almack of the fac
ulty, and a member of Phi Delta
Kappa, will speak on "Publishing
Monographs "
A joint meeting of Pi Lambda Theta
and Phi Delta Kappa will he held this
evening at 7:30 in the Women's Club
house. Dr. John C. Almack of the fac
ulty, and a member of Phi Delta
Kappa, will speak on "Publishing
Monographs "
