# TEACHERS ASKED TO INSTRUCT PUPILS IN TRAFFIC REGULATIONS
## 
### 
A request that teachers of California
instruct pedestrian pupils to walk on
the left hand side of the highways,
facing tracic, as a means of reducing
serious accidents, was forwarded to
Will C. Wood, superintendent of in
struction, today by Will H. Marsh,
chief of the Division of Motor Vehi
cles.
Pointing to the fact that 6000 chil
dren were killed in automobile acci
dents last year, Marsh declared much
of the hazard of pedestrian pupils,
compelled to walk to school over the
highways, could be eliminated by the
adoption of this suggestion. Children
walking on the right side of the road,
he said, are unable to sec traffic ap
proaching from behind and are often
hit before they are aware of the pres
ence of danger.
An amendment to the motor vehicle
act compelling all pedestrians to walk
on the left side of the highways was
considered at the last legislature but
failed of passage .
