# Untitled Article
## 
### 

DONALD STOKES, of the British Information Office in San Fran
cisco, talks with Lila YVeilings, chairman of lIK cultural talks
division, after speaking to a large audience about Britain's part
in tSic Suez Canal crisis yesterday afternoon at Bowman Alumni
House.

DONALD STOKES, of the British Information Office in San Fran
cisco, talks with Lila YVeilings, chairman of lIK cultural talks
division, after speaking to a large audience about Britain's part
in tSic Suez Canal crisis yesterday afternoon at Bowman Alumni
House.

DONALD STOKES, of the British Information Office in San Fran
cisco, talks with Lila YVeilings, chairman of lIK cultural talks
division, after speaking to a large audience about Britain's part
in tSic Suez Canal crisis yesterday afternoon at Bowman Alumni
House.

DONALD STOKES, of the British Information Office in San Fran
cisco, talks with Lila YVeilings, chairman of lIK cultural talks
division, after speaking to a large audience about Britain's part
in tSic Suez Canal crisis yesterday afternoon at Bowman Alumni
House.

DONALD STOKES, of the British Information Office in San Fran
cisco, talks with Lila YVeilings, chairman of lIK cultural talks
division, after speaking to a large audience about Britain's part
in tSic Suez Canal crisis yesterday afternoon at Bowman Alumni
House.

DONALD STOKES, of the British Information Office in San Fran
cisco, talks with Lila YVeilings, chairman of lIK cultural talks
division, after speaking to a large audience about Britain's part
in tSic Suez Canal crisis yesterday afternoon at Bowman Alumni
House.

DONALD STOKES, of the British Information Office in San Fran
cisco, talks with Lila YVeilings, chairman of lIK cultural talks
division, after speaking to a large audience about Britain's part
in tSic Suez Canal crisis yesterday afternoon at Bowman Alumni
House.

DONALD STOKES, of the British Information Office in San Fran
cisco, talks with Lila YVeilings, chairman of lIK cultural talks
division, after speaking to a large audience about Britain's part
in tSic Suez Canal crisis yesterday afternoon at Bowman Alumni
House.

DONALD STOKES, of the British Information Office in San Fran
cisco, talks with Lila YVeilings, chairman of lIK cultural talks
division, after speaking to a large audience about Britain's part
in tSic Suez Canal crisis yesterday afternoon at Bowman Alumni
House.

DONALD STOKES, of the British Information Office in San Fran
cisco, talks with Lila YVeilings, chairman of lIK cultural talks
division, after speaking to a large audience about Britain's part
in tSic Suez Canal crisis yesterday afternoon at Bowman Alumni
House.

DONALD STOKES, of the British Information Office in San Fran
cisco, talks with Lila YVeilings, chairman of lIK cultural talks
division, after speaking to a large audience about Britain's part
in tSic Suez Canal crisis yesterday afternoon at Bowman Alumni
House.

DONALD STOKES, of the British Information Office in San Fran
cisco, talks with Lila YVeilings, chairman of lIK cultural talks
division, after speaking to a large audience about Britain's part
in tSic Suez Canal crisis yesterday afternoon at Bowman Alumni
House.

DONALD STOKES, of the British Information Office in San Fran
cisco, talks with Lila YVeilings, chairman of lIK cultural talks
division, after speaking to a large audience about Britain's part
in tSic Suez Canal crisis yesterday afternoon at Bowman Alumni
House.

DONALD STOKES, of the British Information Office in San Fran
cisco, talks with Lila YVeilings, chairman of lIK cultural talks
division, after speaking to a large audience about Britain's part
in tSic Suez Canal crisis yesterday afternoon at Bowman Alumni
House.

DONALD STOKES, of the British Information Office in San Fran
cisco, talks with Lila YVeilings, chairman of lIK cultural talks
division, after speaking to a large audience about Britain's part
in tSic Suez Canal crisis yesterday afternoon at Bowman Alumni
House.

DONALD STOKES, of the British Information Office in San Fran
cisco, talks with Lila YVeilings, chairman of lIK cultural talks
division, after speaking to a large audience about Britain's part
in tSic Suez Canal crisis yesterday afternoon at Bowman Alumni
House.
