# TV Series Shows Work of Students
## 
### 
Architectural models construct
ed by Stanford students will be
shown tomorrow on television's
"Science Calling" serjes by Pro
fessor Victor K. Thompson in a
televised discussion of modern
architecture.
The show wil be seen at 2:30
p.m. on KPIX, channel 5.
Professor Thompson, of Stan
ford's Department of Art and Ar
chitecture, will be the guest of
Dr. Tom Groody, producer of the
TV series. A plastic egg, struc
tural models of "space frames"
and "shell buildings" will be
among the student works used
for demonstration.
Architectural models construct
ed by Stanford students will be
shown tomorrow on television's
"Science Calling" serjes by Pro
fessor Victor K. Thompson in a
televised discussion of modern
architecture.
The show wil be seen at 2:30
p.m. on KPIX, channel 5.
Professor Thompson, of Stan
ford's Department of Art and Ar
chitecture, will be the guest of
Dr. Tom Groody, producer of the
TV series. A plastic egg, struc
tural models of "space frames"
and "shell buildings" will be
among the student works used
for demonstration.
Architectural models construct
ed by Stanford students will be
shown tomorrow on television's
"Science Calling" serjes by Pro
fessor Victor K. Thompson in a
televised discussion of modern
architecture.
The show wil be seen at 2:30
p.m. on KPIX, channel 5.
Professor Thompson, of Stan
ford's Department of Art and Ar
chitecture, will be the guest of
Dr. Tom Groody, producer of the
TV series. A plastic egg, struc
tural models of "space frames"
and "shell buildings" will be
among the student works used
for demonstration.
Architectural models construct
ed by Stanford students will be
shown tomorrow on television's
"Science Calling" serjes by Pro
fessor Victor K. Thompson in a
televised discussion of modern
architecture.
The show wil be seen at 2:30
p.m. on KPIX, channel 5.
Professor Thompson, of Stan
ford's Department of Art and Ar
chitecture, will be the guest of
Dr. Tom Groody, producer of the
TV series. A plastic egg, struc
tural models of "space frames"
and "shell buildings" will be
among the student works used
for demonstration.
Architectural models construct
ed by Stanford students will be
shown tomorrow on television's
"Science Calling" serjes by Pro
fessor Victor K. Thompson in a
televised discussion of modern
architecture.
The show wil be seen at 2:30
p.m. on KPIX, channel 5.
Professor Thompson, of Stan
ford's Department of Art and Ar
chitecture, will be the guest of
Dr. Tom Groody, producer of the
TV series. A plastic egg, struc
tural models of "space frames"
and "shell buildings" will be
among the student works used
for demonstration.
Architectural models construct
ed by Stanford students will be
shown tomorrow on television's
"Science Calling" serjes by Pro
fessor Victor K. Thompson in a
televised discussion of modern
architecture.
The show wil be seen at 2:30
p.m. on KPIX, channel 5.
Professor Thompson, of Stan
ford's Department of Art and Ar
chitecture, will be the guest of
Dr. Tom Groody, producer of the
TV series. A plastic egg, struc
tural models of "space frames"
and "shell buildings" will be
among the student works used
for demonstration.
Architectural models construct
ed by Stanford students will be
shown tomorrow on television's
"Science Calling" serjes by Pro
fessor Victor K. Thompson in a
televised discussion of modern
architecture.
The show wil be seen at 2:30
p.m. on KPIX, channel 5.
Professor Thompson, of Stan
ford's Department of Art and Ar
chitecture, will be the guest of
Dr. Tom Groody, producer of the
TV series. A plastic egg, struc
tural models of "space frames"
and "shell buildings" will be
among the student works used
for demonstration.
Architectural models construct
ed by Stanford students will be
shown tomorrow on television's
"Science Calling" serjes by Pro
fessor Victor K. Thompson in a
televised discussion of modern
architecture.
The show wil be seen at 2:30
p.m. on KPIX, channel 5.
Professor Thompson, of Stan
ford's Department of Art and Ar
chitecture, will be the guest of
Dr. Tom Groody, producer of the
TV series. A plastic egg, struc
tural models of "space frames"
and "shell buildings" will be
among the student works used
for demonstration.
Architectural models construct
ed by Stanford students will be
shown tomorrow on television's
"Science Calling" serjes by Pro
fessor Victor K. Thompson in a
televised discussion of modern
architecture.
The show wil be seen at 2:30
p.m. on KPIX, channel 5.
Professor Thompson, of Stan
ford's Department of Art and Ar
chitecture, will be the guest of
Dr. Tom Groody, producer of the
TV series. A plastic egg, struc
tural models of "space frames"
and "shell buildings" will be
among the student works used
for demonstration.
Architectural models construct
ed by Stanford students will be
shown tomorrow on television's
"Science Calling" serjes by Pro
fessor Victor K. Thompson in a
televised discussion of modern
architecture.
The show wil be seen at 2:30
p.m. on KPIX, channel 5.
Professor Thompson, of Stan
ford's Department of Art and Ar
chitecture, will be the guest of
Dr. Tom Groody, producer of the
TV series. A plastic egg, struc
tural models of "space frames"
and "shell buildings" will be
among the student works used
for demonstration.
Architectural models construct
ed by Stanford students will be
shown tomorrow on television's
"Science Calling" serjes by Pro
fessor Victor K. Thompson in a
televised discussion of modern
architecture.
The show wil be seen at 2:30
p.m. on KPIX, channel 5.
Professor Thompson, of Stan
ford's Department of Art and Ar
chitecture, will be the guest of
Dr. Tom Groody, producer of the
TV series. A plastic egg, struc
tural models of "space frames"
and "shell buildings" will be
among the student works used
for demonstration.
Architectural models construct
ed by Stanford students will be
shown tomorrow on television's
"Science Calling" serjes by Pro
fessor Victor K. Thompson in a
televised discussion of modern
architecture.
The show wil be seen at 2:30
p.m. on KPIX, channel 5.
Professor Thompson, of Stan
ford's Department of Art and Ar
chitecture, will be the guest of
Dr. Tom Groody, producer of the
TV series. A plastic egg, struc
tural models of "space frames"
and "shell buildings" will be
among the student works used
for demonstration.
Architectural models construct
ed by Stanford students will be
shown tomorrow on television's
"Science Calling" serjes by Pro
fessor Victor K. Thompson in a
televised discussion of modern
architecture.
The show wil be seen at 2:30
p.m. on KPIX, channel 5.
Professor Thompson, of Stan
ford's Department of Art and Ar
chitecture, will be the guest of
Dr. Tom Groody, producer of the
TV series. A plastic egg, struc
tural models of "space frames"
and "shell buildings" will be
among the student works used
for demonstration.
Architectural models construct
ed by Stanford students will be
shown tomorrow on television's
"Science Calling" serjes by Pro
fessor Victor K. Thompson in a
televised discussion of modern
architecture.
The show wil be seen at 2:30
p.m. on KPIX, channel 5.
Professor Thompson, of Stan
ford's Department of Art and Ar
chitecture, will be the guest of
Dr. Tom Groody, producer of the
TV series. A plastic egg, struc
tural models of "space frames"
and "shell buildings" will be
among the student works used
for demonstration.
Architectural models construct
ed by Stanford students will be
shown tomorrow on television's
"Science Calling" serjes by Pro
fessor Victor K. Thompson in a
televised discussion of modern
architecture.
The show wil be seen at 2:30
p.m. on KPIX, channel 5.
Professor Thompson, of Stan
ford's Department of Art and Ar
chitecture, will be the guest of
Dr. Tom Groody, producer of the
TV series. A plastic egg, struc
tural models of "space frames"
and "shell buildings" will be
among the student works used
for demonstration.
Architectural models construct
ed by Stanford students will be
shown tomorrow on television's
"Science Calling" serjes by Pro
fessor Victor K. Thompson in a
televised discussion of modern
architecture.
The show wil be seen at 2:30
p.m. on KPIX, channel 5.
Professor Thompson, of Stan
ford's Department of Art and Ar
chitecture, will be the guest of
Dr. Tom Groody, producer of the
TV series. A plastic egg, struc
tural models of "space frames"
and "shell buildings" will be
among the student works used
for demonstration.
