# Singer Will Give Folk Concert
## 
### 
Richard Dyer-Bonnet, interna
tionally famous folk singer, will
present a benefit concert in Me
morial Auditorium next Wednes
day. Proceeds from the concert
will gf> to the Library Building
Fund.
Dyer-Bonnet will present, an au
thentic program of international
folk songs ranging from the 13th
to the 20th centuries. He accom
panies himself on the guitar for
most songs. For songs written
for voice and lute or voice and
guitar he uses the original accom
paniments.
Tickets are available at the Me
morial Auditorium box office, the
Peninsula Box Office and the
ASStT office. Starting Monday
they will be on sale in front of
the Cellar by members of the
senior class. Admission is $1.50.
