# Calendar Sale Starts Monday
## 
### 
Caf) and Gown calendars go on
.sale Monday on Quad and at cam
pus livin groups. The pictorial
calendars, which sell for $1 plus
tax, can be purchased Monday
through Wednesday at the post
office, the Cellar and the main li
brary.
Caf) and Gown calendars go on
.sale Monday on Quad and at cam
pus livin groups. The pictorial
calendars, which sell for $1 plus
tax, can be purchased Monday
through Wednesday at the post
office, the Cellar and the main li
brary.
Caf) and Gown calendars go on
.sale Monday on Quad and at cam
pus livin groups. The pictorial
calendars, which sell for $1 plus
tax, can be purchased Monday
through Wednesday at the post
office, the Cellar and the main li
brary.
Caf) and Gown calendars go on
.sale Monday on Quad and at cam
pus livin groups. The pictorial
calendars, which sell for $1 plus
tax, can be purchased Monday
through Wednesday at the post
office, the Cellar and the main li
brary.
Caf) and Gown calendars go on
.sale Monday on Quad and at cam
pus livin groups. The pictorial
calendars, which sell for $1 plus
tax, can be purchased Monday
through Wednesday at the post
office, the Cellar and the main li
brary.
Caf) and Gown calendars go on
.sale Monday on Quad and at cam
pus livin groups. The pictorial
calendars, which sell for $1 plus
tax, can be purchased Monday
through Wednesday at the post
office, the Cellar and the main li
brary.
Caf) and Gown calendars go on
.sale Monday on Quad and at cam
pus livin groups. The pictorial
calendars, which sell for $1 plus
tax, can be purchased Monday
through Wednesday at the post
office, the Cellar and the main li
brary.
Caf) and Gown calendars go on
.sale Monday on Quad and at cam
pus livin groups. The pictorial
calendars, which sell for $1 plus
tax, can be purchased Monday
through Wednesday at the post
office, the Cellar and the main li
brary.
Caf) and Gown calendars go on
.sale Monday on Quad and at cam
pus livin groups. The pictorial
calendars, which sell for $1 plus
tax, can be purchased Monday
through Wednesday at the post
office, the Cellar and the main li
brary.
Caf) and Gown calendars go on
.sale Monday on Quad and at cam
pus livin groups. The pictorial
calendars, which sell for $1 plus
tax, can be purchased Monday
through Wednesday at the post
office, the Cellar and the main li
brary.
Caf) and Gown calendars go on
.sale Monday on Quad and at cam
pus livin groups. The pictorial
calendars, which sell for $1 plus
tax, can be purchased Monday
through Wednesday at the post
office, the Cellar and the main li
brary.
Caf) and Gown calendars go on
.sale Monday on Quad and at cam
pus livin groups. The pictorial
calendars, which sell for $1 plus
tax, can be purchased Monday
through Wednesday at the post
office, the Cellar and the main li
brary.
Caf) and Gown calendars go on
.sale Monday on Quad and at cam
pus livin groups. The pictorial
calendars, which sell for $1 plus
tax, can be purchased Monday
through Wednesday at the post
office, the Cellar and the main li
brary.
Caf) and Gown calendars go on
.sale Monday on Quad and at cam
pus livin groups. The pictorial
calendars, which sell for $1 plus
tax, can be purchased Monday
through Wednesday at the post
office, the Cellar and the main li
brary.
Caf) and Gown calendars go on
.sale Monday on Quad and at cam
pus livin groups. The pictorial
calendars, which sell for $1 plus
tax, can be purchased Monday
through Wednesday at the post
office, the Cellar and the main li
brary.
Caf) and Gown calendars go on
.sale Monday on Quad and at cam
pus livin groups. The pictorial
calendars, which sell for $1 plus
tax, can be purchased Monday
through Wednesday at the post
office, the Cellar and the main li
brary.
