# JOURNALIST HONORED
## 
### 
Neal Van Sooy, lecturer in jour
nalism and publisher of the Azusa
Herald, was re-elected to the execu
tive committee of the California
Newspaper Publishers Association at
its 49th annual convention in San
Jose last week-end.
Neal Van Sooy, lecturer in jour
nalism and publisher of the Azusa
Herald, was re-elected to the execu
tive committee of the California
Newspaper Publishers Association at
its 49th annual convention in San
Jose last week-end.
Neal Van Sooy, lecturer in jour
nalism and publisher of the Azusa
Herald, was re-elected to the execu
tive committee of the California
Newspaper Publishers Association at
its 49th annual convention in San
Jose last week-end.
Neal Van Sooy, lecturer in jour
nalism and publisher of the Azusa
Herald, was re-elected to the execu
tive committee of the California
Newspaper Publishers Association at
its 49th annual convention in San
Jose last week-end.
Neal Van Sooy, lecturer in jour
nalism and publisher of the Azusa
Herald, was re-elected to the execu
tive committee of the California
Newspaper Publishers Association at
its 49th annual convention in San
Jose last week-end.
Neal Van Sooy, lecturer in jour
nalism and publisher of the Azusa
Herald, was re-elected to the execu
tive committee of the California
Newspaper Publishers Association at
its 49th annual convention in San
Jose last week-end.
Neal Van Sooy, lecturer in jour
nalism and publisher of the Azusa
Herald, was re-elected to the execu
tive committee of the California
Newspaper Publishers Association at
its 49th annual convention in San
Jose last week-end.
Neal Van Sooy, lecturer in jour
nalism and publisher of the Azusa
Herald, was re-elected to the execu
tive committee of the California
Newspaper Publishers Association at
its 49th annual convention in San
Jose last week-end.
Neal Van Sooy, lecturer in jour
nalism and publisher of the Azusa
Herald, was re-elected to the execu
tive committee of the California
Newspaper Publishers Association at
its 49th annual convention in San
Jose last week-end.
Neal Van Sooy, lecturer in jour
nalism and publisher of the Azusa
Herald, was re-elected to the execu
tive committee of the California
Newspaper Publishers Association at
its 49th annual convention in San
Jose last week-end.
Neal Van Sooy, lecturer in jour
nalism and publisher of the Azusa
Herald, was re-elected to the execu
tive committee of the California
Newspaper Publishers Association at
its 49th annual convention in San
Jose last week-end.
Neal Van Sooy, lecturer in jour
nalism and publisher of the Azusa
Herald, was re-elected to the execu
tive committee of the California
Newspaper Publishers Association at
its 49th annual convention in San
Jose last week-end.
Neal Van Sooy, lecturer in jour
nalism and publisher of the Azusa
Herald, was re-elected to the execu
tive committee of the California
Newspaper Publishers Association at
its 49th annual convention in San
Jose last week-end.
Neal Van Sooy, lecturer in jour
nalism and publisher of the Azusa
Herald, was re-elected to the execu
tive committee of the California
Newspaper Publishers Association at
its 49th annual convention in San
Jose last week-end.
Neal Van Sooy, lecturer in jour
nalism and publisher of the Azusa
Herald, was re-elected to the execu
tive committee of the California
Newspaper Publishers Association at
its 49th annual convention in San
Jose last week-end.
