# Women Study For Careers, Marriage
## 
### 
; Though still in the experimental
stages, the new course for women
only. Women and Society, is rapidly
proving itself successful. About 50
women are enrolled in the class, and
it has been divided into six discus
sion groups. The first of the sched
uled speakers was Dr. Pryor, who [
gave a lecture Thursday on "Women
and Sex.''
Later in the quarter Dean Yost,

Dr. Hilyard, and Miss flicker will
speak to the class on subjects in
which they are experts. Outside
speakers will also appear from time
to time. Miss Anastasia Doyle, the
eo-ordinator, has compiled a reading
list for women interested in either
careers or marriage.
; Though still in the experimental
stages, the new course for women
only. Women and Society, is rapidly
proving itself successful. About 50
women are enrolled in the class, and
it has been divided into six discus
sion groups. The first of the sched
uled speakers was Dr. Pryor, who [
gave a lecture Thursday on "Women
and Sex.''
Later in the quarter Dean Yost,

Dr. Hilyard, and Miss flicker will
speak to the class on subjects in
which they are experts. Outside
speakers will also appear from time
to time. Miss Anastasia Doyle, the
eo-ordinator, has compiled a reading
list for women interested in either
careers or marriage.
; Though still in the experimental
stages, the new course for women
only. Women and Society, is rapidly
proving itself successful. About 50
women are enrolled in the class, and
it has been divided into six discus
sion groups. The first of the sched
uled speakers was Dr. Pryor, who [
gave a lecture Thursday on "Women
and Sex.''
Later in the quarter Dean Yost,

Dr. Hilyard, and Miss flicker will
speak to the class on subjects in
which they are experts. Outside
speakers will also appear from time
to time. Miss Anastasia Doyle, the
eo-ordinator, has compiled a reading
list for women interested in either
careers or marriage.
; Though still in the experimental
stages, the new course for women
only. Women and Society, is rapidly
proving itself successful. About 50
women are enrolled in the class, and
it has been divided into six discus
sion groups. The first of the sched
uled speakers was Dr. Pryor, who [
gave a lecture Thursday on "Women
and Sex.''
Later in the quarter Dean Yost,

Dr. Hilyard, and Miss flicker will
speak to the class on subjects in
which they are experts. Outside
speakers will also appear from time
to time. Miss Anastasia Doyle, the
eo-ordinator, has compiled a reading
list for women interested in either
careers or marriage.
; Though still in the experimental
stages, the new course for women
only. Women and Society, is rapidly
proving itself successful. About 50
women are enrolled in the class, and
it has been divided into six discus
sion groups. The first of the sched
uled speakers was Dr. Pryor, who [
gave a lecture Thursday on "Women
and Sex.''
Later in the quarter Dean Yost,

Dr. Hilyard, and Miss flicker will
speak to the class on subjects in
which they are experts. Outside
speakers will also appear from time
to time. Miss Anastasia Doyle, the
eo-ordinator, has compiled a reading
list for women interested in either
careers or marriage.
; Though still in the experimental
stages, the new course for women
only. Women and Society, is rapidly
proving itself successful. About 50
women are enrolled in the class, and
it has been divided into six discus
sion groups. The first of the sched
uled speakers was Dr. Pryor, who [
gave a lecture Thursday on "Women
and Sex.''
Later in the quarter Dean Yost,

Dr. Hilyard, and Miss flicker will
speak to the class on subjects in
which they are experts. Outside
speakers will also appear from time
to time. Miss Anastasia Doyle, the
eo-ordinator, has compiled a reading
list for women interested in either
careers or marriage.
; Though still in the experimental
stages, the new course for women
only. Women and Society, is rapidly
proving itself successful. About 50
women are enrolled in the class, and
it has been divided into six discus
sion groups. The first of the sched
uled speakers was Dr. Pryor, who [
gave a lecture Thursday on "Women
and Sex.''
Later in the quarter Dean Yost,

Dr. Hilyard, and Miss flicker will
speak to the class on subjects in
which they are experts. Outside
speakers will also appear from time
to time. Miss Anastasia Doyle, the
eo-ordinator, has compiled a reading
list for women interested in either
careers or marriage.
; Though still in the experimental
stages, the new course for women
only. Women and Society, is rapidly
proving itself successful. About 50
women are enrolled in the class, and
it has been divided into six discus
sion groups. The first of the sched
uled speakers was Dr. Pryor, who [
gave a lecture Thursday on "Women
and Sex.''
Later in the quarter Dean Yost,

Dr. Hilyard, and Miss flicker will
speak to the class on subjects in
which they are experts. Outside
speakers will also appear from time
to time. Miss Anastasia Doyle, the
eo-ordinator, has compiled a reading
list for women interested in either
careers or marriage.
; Though still in the experimental
stages, the new course for women
only. Women and Society, is rapidly
proving itself successful. About 50
women are enrolled in the class, and
it has been divided into six discus
sion groups. The first of the sched
uled speakers was Dr. Pryor, who [
gave a lecture Thursday on "Women
and Sex.''
Later in the quarter Dean Yost,

Dr. Hilyard, and Miss flicker will
speak to the class on subjects in
which they are experts. Outside
speakers will also appear from time
to time. Miss Anastasia Doyle, the
eo-ordinator, has compiled a reading
list for women interested in either
careers or marriage.
; Though still in the experimental
stages, the new course for women
only. Women and Society, is rapidly
proving itself successful. About 50
women are enrolled in the class, and
it has been divided into six discus
sion groups. The first of the sched
uled speakers was Dr. Pryor, who [
gave a lecture Thursday on "Women
and Sex.''
Later in the quarter Dean Yost,

Dr. Hilyard, and Miss flicker will
speak to the class on subjects in
which they are experts. Outside
speakers will also appear from time
to time. Miss Anastasia Doyle, the
eo-ordinator, has compiled a reading
list for women interested in either
careers or marriage.
; Though still in the experimental
stages, the new course for women
only. Women and Society, is rapidly
proving itself successful. About 50
women are enrolled in the class, and
it has been divided into six discus
sion groups. The first of the sched
uled speakers was Dr. Pryor, who [
gave a lecture Thursday on "Women
and Sex.''
Later in the quarter Dean Yost,

Dr. Hilyard, and Miss flicker will
speak to the class on subjects in
which they are experts. Outside
speakers will also appear from time
to time. Miss Anastasia Doyle, the
eo-ordinator, has compiled a reading
list for women interested in either
careers or marriage.
; Though still in the experimental
stages, the new course for women
only. Women and Society, is rapidly
proving itself successful. About 50
women are enrolled in the class, and
it has been divided into six discus
sion groups. The first of the sched
uled speakers was Dr. Pryor, who [
gave a lecture Thursday on "Women
and Sex.''
Later in the quarter Dean Yost,

Dr. Hilyard, and Miss flicker will
speak to the class on subjects in
which they are experts. Outside
speakers will also appear from time
to time. Miss Anastasia Doyle, the
eo-ordinator, has compiled a reading
list for women interested in either
careers or marriage.
; Though still in the experimental
stages, the new course for women
only. Women and Society, is rapidly
proving itself successful. About 50
women are enrolled in the class, and
it has been divided into six discus
sion groups. The first of the sched
uled speakers was Dr. Pryor, who [
gave a lecture Thursday on "Women
and Sex.''
Later in the quarter Dean Yost,

Dr. Hilyard, and Miss flicker will
speak to the class on subjects in
which they are experts. Outside
speakers will also appear from time
to time. Miss Anastasia Doyle, the
eo-ordinator, has compiled a reading
list for women interested in either
careers or marriage.
; Though still in the experimental
stages, the new course for women
only. Women and Society, is rapidly
proving itself successful. About 50
women are enrolled in the class, and
it has been divided into six discus
sion groups. The first of the sched
uled speakers was Dr. Pryor, who [
gave a lecture Thursday on "Women
and Sex.''
Later in the quarter Dean Yost,

Dr. Hilyard, and Miss flicker will
speak to the class on subjects in
which they are experts. Outside
speakers will also appear from time
to time. Miss Anastasia Doyle, the
eo-ordinator, has compiled a reading
list for women interested in either
careers or marriage.
; Though still in the experimental
stages, the new course for women
only. Women and Society, is rapidly
proving itself successful. About 50
women are enrolled in the class, and
it has been divided into six discus
sion groups. The first of the sched
uled speakers was Dr. Pryor, who [
gave a lecture Thursday on "Women
and Sex.''
Later in the quarter Dean Yost,

Dr. Hilyard, and Miss flicker will
speak to the class on subjects in
which they are experts. Outside
speakers will also appear from time
to time. Miss Anastasia Doyle, the
eo-ordinator, has compiled a reading
list for women interested in either
careers or marriage.
