# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The first night club on a college
campus is at the University of lowa.
Authorities reasoned it would be
much $afer to have one on their own
campus.
The first night club on a college
campus is at the University of lowa.
Authorities reasoned it would be
much $afer to have one on their own
campus.
The first night club on a college
campus is at the University of lowa.
Authorities reasoned it would be
much $afer to have one on their own
campus.
The first night club on a college
campus is at the University of lowa.
Authorities reasoned it would be
much $afer to have one on their own
campus.
The first night club on a college
campus is at the University of lowa.
Authorities reasoned it would be
much $afer to have one on their own
campus.
The first night club on a college
campus is at the University of lowa.
Authorities reasoned it would be
much $afer to have one on their own
campus.
The first night club on a college
campus is at the University of lowa.
Authorities reasoned it would be
much $afer to have one on their own
campus.
The first night club on a college
campus is at the University of lowa.
Authorities reasoned it would be
much $afer to have one on their own
campus.
The first night club on a college
campus is at the University of lowa.
Authorities reasoned it would be
much $afer to have one on their own
campus.
The first night club on a college
campus is at the University of lowa.
Authorities reasoned it would be
much $afer to have one on their own
campus.
The first night club on a college
campus is at the University of lowa.
Authorities reasoned it would be
much $afer to have one on their own
campus.
The first night club on a college
campus is at the University of lowa.
Authorities reasoned it would be
much $afer to have one on their own
campus.
The first night club on a college
campus is at the University of lowa.
Authorities reasoned it would be
much $afer to have one on their own
campus.
The first night club on a college
campus is at the University of lowa.
Authorities reasoned it would be
much $afer to have one on their own
campus.
The first night club on a college
campus is at the University of lowa.
Authorities reasoned it would be
much $afer to have one on their own
campus.
