# Adv. 11 Page 3
## 
### 
r The ASSU Elections
Commission
apologizes to:
Ying-Ying Goh
for omitting her
name, qualifications,
and statement in the
Election Handbook.
This information will
be posted at all
. polling sites. ,
r The ASSU Elections
Commission
apologizes to:
Ying-Ying Goh
for omitting her
name, qualifications,
and statement in the
Election Handbook.
This information will
be posted at all
. polling sites. ,
r The ASSU Elections
Commission
apologizes to:
Ying-Ying Goh
for omitting her
name, qualifications,
and statement in the
Election Handbook.
This information will
be posted at all
. polling sites. ,
r The ASSU Elections
Commission
apologizes to:
Ying-Ying Goh
for omitting her
name, qualifications,
and statement in the
Election Handbook.
This information will
be posted at all
. polling sites. ,
r The ASSU Elections
Commission
apologizes to:
Ying-Ying Goh
for omitting her
name, qualifications,
and statement in the
Election Handbook.
This information will
be posted at all
. polling sites. ,
r The ASSU Elections
Commission
apologizes to:
Ying-Ying Goh
for omitting her
name, qualifications,
and statement in the
Election Handbook.
This information will
be posted at all
. polling sites. ,
r The ASSU Elections
Commission
apologizes to:
Ying-Ying Goh
for omitting her
name, qualifications,
and statement in the
Election Handbook.
This information will
be posted at all
. polling sites. ,
r The ASSU Elections
Commission
apologizes to:
Ying-Ying Goh
for omitting her
name, qualifications,
and statement in the
Election Handbook.
This information will
be posted at all
. polling sites. ,
