# Faculty Club to Hold Regular Meeting Oct. 3
## 
### 
Faculty Club members will have their
first regular meeting to-morrow after
noon, October 3. at the Faculty Club
house, 8 p. m. All men of the faculty
from the rank of instructor up are in
vited to attend. The occasion will be in
formal.
President Pritchert of the Carnegie
Foundation will be present as a guest of
the club and will have something to say
about insurance for teachers.
Faculty Club members will have their
first regular meeting to-morrow after
noon, October 3. at the Faculty Club
house, 8 p. m. All men of the faculty
from the rank of instructor up are in
vited to attend. The occasion will be in
formal.
President Pritchert of the Carnegie
Foundation will be present as a guest of
the club and will have something to say
about insurance for teachers.
Faculty Club members will have their
first regular meeting to-morrow after
noon, October 3. at the Faculty Club
house, 8 p. m. All men of the faculty
from the rank of instructor up are in
vited to attend. The occasion will be in
formal.
President Pritchert of the Carnegie
Foundation will be present as a guest of
the club and will have something to say
about insurance for teachers.
Faculty Club members will have their
first regular meeting to-morrow after
noon, October 3. at the Faculty Club
house, 8 p. m. All men of the faculty
from the rank of instructor up are in
vited to attend. The occasion will be in
formal.
President Pritchert of the Carnegie
Foundation will be present as a guest of
the club and will have something to say
about insurance for teachers.
Faculty Club members will have their
first regular meeting to-morrow after
noon, October 3. at the Faculty Club
house, 8 p. m. All men of the faculty
from the rank of instructor up are in
vited to attend. The occasion will be in
formal.
President Pritchert of the Carnegie
Foundation will be present as a guest of
the club and will have something to say
about insurance for teachers.
Faculty Club members will have their
first regular meeting to-morrow after
noon, October 3. at the Faculty Club
house, 8 p. m. All men of the faculty
from the rank of instructor up are in
vited to attend. The occasion will be in
formal.
President Pritchert of the Carnegie
Foundation will be present as a guest of
the club and will have something to say
about insurance for teachers.
Faculty Club members will have their
first regular meeting to-morrow after
noon, October 3. at the Faculty Club
house, 8 p. m. All men of the faculty
from the rank of instructor up are in
vited to attend. The occasion will be in
formal.
President Pritchert of the Carnegie
Foundation will be present as a guest of
the club and will have something to say
about insurance for teachers.
Faculty Club members will have their
first regular meeting to-morrow after
noon, October 3. at the Faculty Club
house, 8 p. m. All men of the faculty
from the rank of instructor up are in
vited to attend. The occasion will be in
formal.
President Pritchert of the Carnegie
Foundation will be present as a guest of
the club and will have something to say
about insurance for teachers.
Faculty Club members will have their
first regular meeting to-morrow after
noon, October 3. at the Faculty Club
house, 8 p. m. All men of the faculty
from the rank of instructor up are in
vited to attend. The occasion will be in
formal.
President Pritchert of the Carnegie
Foundation will be present as a guest of
the club and will have something to say
about insurance for teachers.
Faculty Club members will have their
first regular meeting to-morrow after
noon, October 3. at the Faculty Club
house, 8 p. m. All men of the faculty
from the rank of instructor up are in
vited to attend. The occasion will be in
formal.
President Pritchert of the Carnegie
Foundation will be present as a guest of
the club and will have something to say
about insurance for teachers.
Faculty Club members will have their
first regular meeting to-morrow after
noon, October 3. at the Faculty Club
house, 8 p. m. All men of the faculty
from the rank of instructor up are in
vited to attend. The occasion will be in
formal.
President Pritchert of the Carnegie
Foundation will be present as a guest of
the club and will have something to say
about insurance for teachers.
Faculty Club members will have their
first regular meeting to-morrow after
noon, October 3. at the Faculty Club
house, 8 p. m. All men of the faculty
from the rank of instructor up are in
vited to attend. The occasion will be in
formal.
President Pritchert of the Carnegie
Foundation will be present as a guest of
the club and will have something to say
about insurance for teachers.
Faculty Club members will have their
first regular meeting to-morrow after
noon, October 3. at the Faculty Club
house, 8 p. m. All men of the faculty
from the rank of instructor up are in
vited to attend. The occasion will be in
formal.
President Pritchert of the Carnegie
Foundation will be present as a guest of
the club and will have something to say
about insurance for teachers.
Faculty Club members will have their
first regular meeting to-morrow after
noon, October 3. at the Faculty Club
house, 8 p. m. All men of the faculty
from the rank of instructor up are in
vited to attend. The occasion will be in
formal.
President Pritchert of the Carnegie
Foundation will be present as a guest of
the club and will have something to say
about insurance for teachers.
Faculty Club members will have their
first regular meeting to-morrow after
noon, October 3. at the Faculty Club
house, 8 p. m. All men of the faculty
from the rank of instructor up are in
vited to attend. The occasion will be in
formal.
President Pritchert of the Carnegie
Foundation will be present as a guest of
the club and will have something to say
about insurance for teachers.
Faculty Club members will have their
first regular meeting to-morrow after
noon, October 3. at the Faculty Club
house, 8 p. m. All men of the faculty
from the rank of instructor up are in
vited to attend. The occasion will be in
formal.
President Pritchert of the Carnegie
Foundation will be present as a guest of
the club and will have something to say
about insurance for teachers.
