# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecfc
lit Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
I
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecfc
lit Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
I
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecfc
lit Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
I
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecfc
lit Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
I
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecfc
lit Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
I
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecfc
lit Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
I
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecfc
lit Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
I
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecfc
lit Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
I
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecfc
lit Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
I
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecfc
lit Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
I
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecfc
lit Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
I
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecfc
lit Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
I
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecfc
lit Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
I
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecfc
lit Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
I
Tennis shoe
re-soling
costs less than
tennis shoe
re-buying.
Official factory resoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
tiecfc
lit Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
I
