# Drake to Examine Africa View of U.S.
## 
### 
Dr. St. Clair Drake, visiting
Stanford Professor of Sociology
and noted authority on African
affairs and race relations in
America, will speak at S p.m. to
night in the Palo Alto Community
Center at a meeting sponsored by
the Palo Alto-Stanford Chapter
of the NAACP.
His topic will be "As the Afri
cans See Us," according to Dr.
Leroy Lucas, NAACP chapter
president. The meeting will be
held in the Children's Theatre.
Dr. Drake has recently returned
from Kenya where he was an
official guest of the new govern
ment at Ihc Independence Day
ceremonies in December. lie has
traveled widely throughout Africa
and has helped train Peace Corps
teams for service in Ghana. He
is on leave at Stanford from
Roosevelt University in Chicago,
where he is chairman of African
studies.
Apart from African affairs, Dr.
Drake has participated actively
for the past 30 years in Ihe U.S.
civil rights movement. He is co
author of a classic study on race
relations, "Black Metropolis,'' a
study of the Negro in Chicago.
The meeting is open to all in
terested, as well as to regular
members, said Dr. Lucas.
