# Meatless Days?
## 
### 
Campus patriots are wondering if
Hoover would approve of the Pi Phi
menu. From the number of times
during the week they have "Stew,"
meatless day is evidently not ob
served.
Campus patriots are wondering if
Hoover would approve of the Pi Phi
menu. From the number of times
during the week they have "Stew,"
meatless day is evidently not ob
served.
Campus patriots are wondering if
Hoover would approve of the Pi Phi
menu. From the number of times
during the week they have "Stew,"
meatless day is evidently not ob
served.
Campus patriots are wondering if
Hoover would approve of the Pi Phi
menu. From the number of times
during the week they have "Stew,"
meatless day is evidently not ob
served.
Campus patriots are wondering if
Hoover would approve of the Pi Phi
menu. From the number of times
during the week they have "Stew,"
meatless day is evidently not ob
served.
Campus patriots are wondering if
Hoover would approve of the Pi Phi
menu. From the number of times
during the week they have "Stew,"
meatless day is evidently not ob
served.
Campus patriots are wondering if
Hoover would approve of the Pi Phi
menu. From the number of times
during the week they have "Stew,"
meatless day is evidently not ob
served.
Campus patriots are wondering if
Hoover would approve of the Pi Phi
menu. From the number of times
during the week they have "Stew,"
meatless day is evidently not ob
served.
Campus patriots are wondering if
Hoover would approve of the Pi Phi
menu. From the number of times
during the week they have "Stew,"
meatless day is evidently not ob
served.
Campus patriots are wondering if
Hoover would approve of the Pi Phi
menu. From the number of times
during the week they have "Stew,"
meatless day is evidently not ob
served.
Campus patriots are wondering if
Hoover would approve of the Pi Phi
menu. From the number of times
during the week they have "Stew,"
meatless day is evidently not ob
served.
Campus patriots are wondering if
Hoover would approve of the Pi Phi
menu. From the number of times
during the week they have "Stew,"
meatless day is evidently not ob
served.
Campus patriots are wondering if
Hoover would approve of the Pi Phi
menu. From the number of times
during the week they have "Stew,"
meatless day is evidently not ob
served.
Campus patriots are wondering if
Hoover would approve of the Pi Phi
menu. From the number of times
during the week they have "Stew,"
meatless day is evidently not ob
served.
Campus patriots are wondering if
Hoover would approve of the Pi Phi
menu. From the number of times
during the week they have "Stew,"
meatless day is evidently not ob
served.
