# THANKS
## 
### 
We wish to extend our thank s to the women of Ural N. Hoffman's
journalism class who assisted us ing etting out the paper, and to D. G.
Gray, '21, and G. B. Foster, '21, wli o came over and offered their serv
ices.
We wish to extend our thank s to the women of Ural N. Hoffman's
journalism class who assisted us ing etting out the paper, and to D. G.
Gray, '21, and G. B. Foster, '21, wli o came over and offered their serv
ices.
We wish to extend our thank s to the women of Ural N. Hoffman's
journalism class who assisted us ing etting out the paper, and to D. G.
Gray, '21, and G. B. Foster, '21, wli o came over and offered their serv
ices.
We wish to extend our thank s to the women of Ural N. Hoffman's
journalism class who assisted us ing etting out the paper, and to D. G.
Gray, '21, and G. B. Foster, '21, wli o came over and offered their serv
ices.
We wish to extend our thank s to the women of Ural N. Hoffman's
journalism class who assisted us ing etting out the paper, and to D. G.
Gray, '21, and G. B. Foster, '21, wli o came over and offered their serv
ices.
We wish to extend our thank s to the women of Ural N. Hoffman's
journalism class who assisted us ing etting out the paper, and to D. G.
Gray, '21, and G. B. Foster, '21, wli o came over and offered their serv
ices.
We wish to extend our thank s to the women of Ural N. Hoffman's
journalism class who assisted us ing etting out the paper, and to D. G.
Gray, '21, and G. B. Foster, '21, wli o came over and offered their serv
ices.
We wish to extend our thank s to the women of Ural N. Hoffman's
journalism class who assisted us ing etting out the paper, and to D. G.
Gray, '21, and G. B. Foster, '21, wli o came over and offered their serv
ices.
We wish to extend our thank s to the women of Ural N. Hoffman's
journalism class who assisted us ing etting out the paper, and to D. G.
Gray, '21, and G. B. Foster, '21, wli o came over and offered their serv
ices.
We wish to extend our thank s to the women of Ural N. Hoffman's
journalism class who assisted us ing etting out the paper, and to D. G.
Gray, '21, and G. B. Foster, '21, wli o came over and offered their serv
ices.
We wish to extend our thank s to the women of Ural N. Hoffman's
journalism class who assisted us ing etting out the paper, and to D. G.
Gray, '21, and G. B. Foster, '21, wli o came over and offered their serv
ices.
We wish to extend our thank s to the women of Ural N. Hoffman's
journalism class who assisted us ing etting out the paper, and to D. G.
Gray, '21, and G. B. Foster, '21, wli o came over and offered their serv
ices.
We wish to extend our thank s to the women of Ural N. Hoffman's
journalism class who assisted us ing etting out the paper, and to D. G.
Gray, '21, and G. B. Foster, '21, wli o came over and offered their serv
ices.
We wish to extend our thank s to the women of Ural N. Hoffman's
journalism class who assisted us ing etting out the paper, and to D. G.
Gray, '21, and G. B. Foster, '21, wli o came over and offered their serv
ices.
We wish to extend our thank s to the women of Ural N. Hoffman's
journalism class who assisted us ing etting out the paper, and to D. G.
Gray, '21, and G. B. Foster, '21, wli o came over and offered their serv
ices.
