# Mrs. Barbara Grimes To Speak Wednesday
## 
### 
Mrs. Barbara Nachtrieb Grimes,
secretary of the California Social
Health Insurance Commission, will
speak before the class in Social
Vgency Wednesday at 10 o'clock in
room 227, 011 the subject of compul
sory health insurance ror wage earn
ers.
This measure will be presented to
the voters at the next election on
ovem e: 1918. All interested in
this subject will be welcome.
Mrs. Barbara Nachtrieb Grimes,
secretary of the California Social
Health Insurance Commission, will
speak before the class in Social
Vgency Wednesday at 10 o'clock in
room 227, 011 the subject of compul
sory health insurance ror wage earn
ers.
This measure will be presented to
the voters at the next election on
ovem e: 1918. All interested in
this subject will be welcome.
Mrs. Barbara Nachtrieb Grimes,
secretary of the California Social
Health Insurance Commission, will
speak before the class in Social
Vgency Wednesday at 10 o'clock in
room 227, 011 the subject of compul
sory health insurance ror wage earn
ers.
This measure will be presented to
the voters at the next election on
ovem e: 1918. All interested in
this subject will be welcome.
Mrs. Barbara Nachtrieb Grimes,
secretary of the California Social
Health Insurance Commission, will
speak before the class in Social
Vgency Wednesday at 10 o'clock in
room 227, 011 the subject of compul
sory health insurance ror wage earn
ers.
This measure will be presented to
the voters at the next election on
ovem e: 1918. All interested in
this subject will be welcome.
Mrs. Barbara Nachtrieb Grimes,
secretary of the California Social
Health Insurance Commission, will
speak before the class in Social
Vgency Wednesday at 10 o'clock in
room 227, 011 the subject of compul
sory health insurance ror wage earn
ers.
This measure will be presented to
the voters at the next election on
ovem e: 1918. All interested in
this subject will be welcome.
Mrs. Barbara Nachtrieb Grimes,
secretary of the California Social
Health Insurance Commission, will
speak before the class in Social
Vgency Wednesday at 10 o'clock in
room 227, 011 the subject of compul
sory health insurance ror wage earn
ers.
This measure will be presented to
the voters at the next election on
ovem e: 1918. All interested in
this subject will be welcome.
Mrs. Barbara Nachtrieb Grimes,
secretary of the California Social
Health Insurance Commission, will
speak before the class in Social
Vgency Wednesday at 10 o'clock in
room 227, 011 the subject of compul
sory health insurance ror wage earn
ers.
This measure will be presented to
the voters at the next election on
ovem e: 1918. All interested in
this subject will be welcome.
Mrs. Barbara Nachtrieb Grimes,
secretary of the California Social
Health Insurance Commission, will
speak before the class in Social
Vgency Wednesday at 10 o'clock in
room 227, 011 the subject of compul
sory health insurance ror wage earn
ers.
This measure will be presented to
the voters at the next election on
ovem e: 1918. All interested in
this subject will be welcome.
Mrs. Barbara Nachtrieb Grimes,
secretary of the California Social
Health Insurance Commission, will
speak before the class in Social
Vgency Wednesday at 10 o'clock in
room 227, 011 the subject of compul
sory health insurance ror wage earn
ers.
This measure will be presented to
the voters at the next election on
ovem e: 1918. All interested in
this subject will be welcome.
Mrs. Barbara Nachtrieb Grimes,
secretary of the California Social
Health Insurance Commission, will
speak before the class in Social
Vgency Wednesday at 10 o'clock in
room 227, 011 the subject of compul
sory health insurance ror wage earn
ers.
This measure will be presented to
the voters at the next election on
ovem e: 1918. All interested in
this subject will be welcome.
Mrs. Barbara Nachtrieb Grimes,
secretary of the California Social
Health Insurance Commission, will
speak before the class in Social
Vgency Wednesday at 10 o'clock in
room 227, 011 the subject of compul
sory health insurance ror wage earn
ers.
This measure will be presented to
the voters at the next election on
ovem e: 1918. All interested in
this subject will be welcome.
Mrs. Barbara Nachtrieb Grimes,
secretary of the California Social
Health Insurance Commission, will
speak before the class in Social
Vgency Wednesday at 10 o'clock in
room 227, 011 the subject of compul
sory health insurance ror wage earn
ers.
This measure will be presented to
the voters at the next election on
ovem e: 1918. All interested in
this subject will be welcome.
Mrs. Barbara Nachtrieb Grimes,
secretary of the California Social
Health Insurance Commission, will
speak before the class in Social
Vgency Wednesday at 10 o'clock in
room 227, 011 the subject of compul
sory health insurance ror wage earn
ers.
This measure will be presented to
the voters at the next election on
ovem e: 1918. All interested in
this subject will be welcome.
Mrs. Barbara Nachtrieb Grimes,
secretary of the California Social
Health Insurance Commission, will
speak before the class in Social
Vgency Wednesday at 10 o'clock in
room 227, 011 the subject of compul
sory health insurance ror wage earn
ers.
This measure will be presented to
the voters at the next election on
ovem e: 1918. All interested in
this subject will be welcome.
Mrs. Barbara Nachtrieb Grimes,
secretary of the California Social
Health Insurance Commission, will
speak before the class in Social
Vgency Wednesday at 10 o'clock in
room 227, 011 the subject of compul
sory health insurance ror wage earn
ers.
This measure will be presented to
the voters at the next election on
ovem e: 1918. All interested in
this subject will be welcome.
