# AMBULANCE UNIT IS CITED FOR BRAVERY
## 
### 
In appreciation of the heroic work
done by the second Ambulance Unit
while inAlbania, General Serrial,
commander-in-chief of all the allied
armies in the Orient, conferred the
"Croix de Guerre" (war cross) on the
unit. No other ambulance section in
the Orient has been cited in this way,
and b tuseven out of some 75 Ameri
can field service sections have re
ceived this honor.
In appreciation of the heroic work
done by the second Ambulance Unit
while inAlbania, General Serrial,
commander-in-chief of all the allied
armies in the Orient, conferred the
"Croix de Guerre" (war cross) on the
unit. No other ambulance section in
the Orient has been cited in this way,
and b tuseven out of some 75 Ameri
can field service sections have re
ceived this honor.
In appreciation of the heroic work
done by the second Ambulance Unit
while inAlbania, General Serrial,
commander-in-chief of all the allied
armies in the Orient, conferred the
"Croix de Guerre" (war cross) on the
unit. No other ambulance section in
the Orient has been cited in this way,
and b tuseven out of some 75 Ameri
can field service sections have re
ceived this honor.
In appreciation of the heroic work
done by the second Ambulance Unit
while inAlbania, General Serrial,
commander-in-chief of all the allied
armies in the Orient, conferred the
"Croix de Guerre" (war cross) on the
unit. No other ambulance section in
the Orient has been cited in this way,
and b tuseven out of some 75 Ameri
can field service sections have re
ceived this honor.
In appreciation of the heroic work
done by the second Ambulance Unit
while inAlbania, General Serrial,
commander-in-chief of all the allied
armies in the Orient, conferred the
"Croix de Guerre" (war cross) on the
unit. No other ambulance section in
the Orient has been cited in this way,
and b tuseven out of some 75 Ameri
can field service sections have re
ceived this honor.
In appreciation of the heroic work
done by the second Ambulance Unit
while inAlbania, General Serrial,
commander-in-chief of all the allied
armies in the Orient, conferred the
"Croix de Guerre" (war cross) on the
unit. No other ambulance section in
the Orient has been cited in this way,
and b tuseven out of some 75 Ameri
can field service sections have re
ceived this honor.
In appreciation of the heroic work
done by the second Ambulance Unit
while inAlbania, General Serrial,
commander-in-chief of all the allied
armies in the Orient, conferred the
"Croix de Guerre" (war cross) on the
unit. No other ambulance section in
the Orient has been cited in this way,
and b tuseven out of some 75 Ameri
can field service sections have re
ceived this honor.
In appreciation of the heroic work
done by the second Ambulance Unit
while inAlbania, General Serrial,
commander-in-chief of all the allied
armies in the Orient, conferred the
"Croix de Guerre" (war cross) on the
unit. No other ambulance section in
the Orient has been cited in this way,
and b tuseven out of some 75 Ameri
can field service sections have re
ceived this honor.
In appreciation of the heroic work
done by the second Ambulance Unit
while inAlbania, General Serrial,
commander-in-chief of all the allied
armies in the Orient, conferred the
"Croix de Guerre" (war cross) on the
unit. No other ambulance section in
the Orient has been cited in this way,
and b tuseven out of some 75 Ameri
can field service sections have re
ceived this honor.
In appreciation of the heroic work
done by the second Ambulance Unit
while inAlbania, General Serrial,
commander-in-chief of all the allied
armies in the Orient, conferred the
"Croix de Guerre" (war cross) on the
unit. No other ambulance section in
the Orient has been cited in this way,
and b tuseven out of some 75 Ameri
can field service sections have re
ceived this honor.
In appreciation of the heroic work
done by the second Ambulance Unit
while inAlbania, General Serrial,
commander-in-chief of all the allied
armies in the Orient, conferred the
"Croix de Guerre" (war cross) on the
unit. No other ambulance section in
the Orient has been cited in this way,
and b tuseven out of some 75 Ameri
can field service sections have re
ceived this honor.
In appreciation of the heroic work
done by the second Ambulance Unit
while inAlbania, General Serrial,
commander-in-chief of all the allied
armies in the Orient, conferred the
"Croix de Guerre" (war cross) on the
unit. No other ambulance section in
the Orient has been cited in this way,
and b tuseven out of some 75 Ameri
can field service sections have re
ceived this honor.
In appreciation of the heroic work
done by the second Ambulance Unit
while inAlbania, General Serrial,
commander-in-chief of all the allied
armies in the Orient, conferred the
"Croix de Guerre" (war cross) on the
unit. No other ambulance section in
the Orient has been cited in this way,
and b tuseven out of some 75 Ameri
can field service sections have re
ceived this honor.
In appreciation of the heroic work
done by the second Ambulance Unit
while inAlbania, General Serrial,
commander-in-chief of all the allied
armies in the Orient, conferred the
"Croix de Guerre" (war cross) on the
unit. No other ambulance section in
the Orient has been cited in this way,
and b tuseven out of some 75 Ameri
can field service sections have re
ceived this honor.
In appreciation of the heroic work
done by the second Ambulance Unit
while inAlbania, General Serrial,
commander-in-chief of all the allied
armies in the Orient, conferred the
"Croix de Guerre" (war cross) on the
unit. No other ambulance section in
the Orient has been cited in this way,
and b tuseven out of some 75 Ameri
can field service sections have re
ceived this honor.
