# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Yesterday was the first oppor
tunity we have had this year of
seeing our team play a match game
on our own grounds and the ex
hibition was a disappointment, to
say the least. With a few excep
tions the men played without spirit
and in a listless, careless manner
which was very discouraging to the
spectators, who looked for a victory
or at least a hard fought game. The
individual playing was at times
good, hut there was a woeful lack
of team work and it seemed
also that the men had forgotten
what they were in the game for.

This was noticeable particularly
when the team was on the defen
sive, first when Sheehy was allowed
to walk thirty yards for a touch
down, and then when the club men
were allowed to walk through the
Varsity line for a touch-down in
the second half. The team received
good support from the bleachers
throughout the game.
Yesterday was the first oppor
tunity we have had this year of
seeing our team play a match game
on our own grounds and the ex
hibition was a disappointment, to
say the least. With a few excep
tions the men played without spirit
and in a listless, careless manner
which was very discouraging to the
spectators, who looked for a victory
or at least a hard fought game. The
individual playing was at times
good, hut there was a woeful lack
of team work and it seemed
also that the men had forgotten
what they were in the game for.

This was noticeable particularly
when the team was on the defen
sive, first when Sheehy was allowed
to walk thirty yards for a touch
down, and then when the club men
were allowed to walk through the
Varsity line for a touch-down in
the second half. The team received
good support from the bleachers
throughout the game.
Yesterday was the first oppor
tunity we have had this year of
seeing our team play a match game
on our own grounds and the ex
hibition was a disappointment, to
say the least. With a few excep
tions the men played without spirit
and in a listless, careless manner
which was very discouraging to the
spectators, who looked for a victory
or at least a hard fought game. The
individual playing was at times
good, hut there was a woeful lack
of team work and it seemed
also that the men had forgotten
what they were in the game for.

This was noticeable particularly
when the team was on the defen
sive, first when Sheehy was allowed
to walk thirty yards for a touch
down, and then when the club men
were allowed to walk through the
Varsity line for a touch-down in
the second half. The team received
good support from the bleachers
throughout the game.
Yesterday was the first oppor
tunity we have had this year of
seeing our team play a match game
on our own grounds and the ex
hibition was a disappointment, to
say the least. With a few excep
tions the men played without spirit
and in a listless, careless manner
which was very discouraging to the
spectators, who looked for a victory
or at least a hard fought game. The
individual playing was at times
good, hut there was a woeful lack
of team work and it seemed
also that the men had forgotten
what they were in the game for.

This was noticeable particularly
when the team was on the defen
sive, first when Sheehy was allowed
to walk thirty yards for a touch
down, and then when the club men
were allowed to walk through the
Varsity line for a touch-down in
the second half. The team received
good support from the bleachers
throughout the game.
Yesterday was the first oppor
tunity we have had this year of
seeing our team play a match game
on our own grounds and the ex
hibition was a disappointment, to
say the least. With a few excep
tions the men played without spirit
and in a listless, careless manner
which was very discouraging to the
spectators, who looked for a victory
or at least a hard fought game. The
individual playing was at times
good, hut there was a woeful lack
of team work and it seemed
also that the men had forgotten
what they were in the game for.

This was noticeable particularly
when the team was on the defen
sive, first when Sheehy was allowed
to walk thirty yards for a touch
down, and then when the club men
were allowed to walk through the
Varsity line for a touch-down in
the second half. The team received
good support from the bleachers
throughout the game.
Yesterday was the first oppor
tunity we have had this year of
seeing our team play a match game
on our own grounds and the ex
hibition was a disappointment, to
say the least. With a few excep
tions the men played without spirit
and in a listless, careless manner
which was very discouraging to the
spectators, who looked for a victory
or at least a hard fought game. The
individual playing was at times
good, hut there was a woeful lack
of team work and it seemed
also that the men had forgotten
what they were in the game for.

This was noticeable particularly
when the team was on the defen
sive, first when Sheehy was allowed
to walk thirty yards for a touch
down, and then when the club men
were allowed to walk through the
Varsity line for a touch-down in
the second half. The team received
good support from the bleachers
throughout the game.
