# California Freshman Captain Chosen.
## 
### 
Ij. A. Heal, of San Francisco, has
been chosen captain of the California
freshman crew. Crew training will
start next week.
Ij. A. Heal, of San Francisco, has
been chosen captain of the California
freshman crew. Crew training will
start next week.
Ij. A. Heal, of San Francisco, has
been chosen captain of the California
freshman crew. Crew training will
start next week.
Ij. A. Heal, of San Francisco, has
been chosen captain of the California
freshman crew. Crew training will
start next week.
Ij. A. Heal, of San Francisco, has
been chosen captain of the California
freshman crew. Crew training will
start next week.
Ij. A. Heal, of San Francisco, has
been chosen captain of the California
freshman crew. Crew training will
start next week.
Ij. A. Heal, of San Francisco, has
been chosen captain of the California
freshman crew. Crew training will
start next week.
Ij. A. Heal, of San Francisco, has
been chosen captain of the California
freshman crew. Crew training will
start next week.
Ij. A. Heal, of San Francisco, has
been chosen captain of the California
freshman crew. Crew training will
start next week.
Ij. A. Heal, of San Francisco, has
been chosen captain of the California
freshman crew. Crew training will
start next week.
