# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Women's Rest Home—Paula Kern,
Nancy Fifield.
Men's Rest Home No patients.
Isolation Hospital -George Cham
bers, Robert Griffith, Robert Jur
gensen, John Sill, William Whalen.
Palo Alto Hospital -George Beau
mariage.
Women's Rest Home—Paula Kern,
Nancy Fifield.
Men's Rest Home No patients.
Isolation Hospital -George Cham
bers, Robert Griffith, Robert Jur
gensen, John Sill, William Whalen.
Palo Alto Hospital -George Beau
mariage.
Women's Rest Home—Paula Kern,
Nancy Fifield.
Men's Rest Home No patients.
Isolation Hospital -George Cham
bers, Robert Griffith, Robert Jur
gensen, John Sill, William Whalen.
Palo Alto Hospital -George Beau
mariage.
Women's Rest Home—Paula Kern,
Nancy Fifield.
Men's Rest Home No patients.
Isolation Hospital -George Cham
bers, Robert Griffith, Robert Jur
gensen, John Sill, William Whalen.
Palo Alto Hospital -George Beau
mariage.
Women's Rest Home—Paula Kern,
Nancy Fifield.
Men's Rest Home No patients.
Isolation Hospital -George Cham
bers, Robert Griffith, Robert Jur
gensen, John Sill, William Whalen.
Palo Alto Hospital -George Beau
mariage.
Women's Rest Home—Paula Kern,
Nancy Fifield.
Men's Rest Home No patients.
Isolation Hospital -George Cham
bers, Robert Griffith, Robert Jur
gensen, John Sill, William Whalen.
Palo Alto Hospital -George Beau
mariage.
Women's Rest Home—Paula Kern,
Nancy Fifield.
Men's Rest Home No patients.
Isolation Hospital -George Cham
bers, Robert Griffith, Robert Jur
gensen, John Sill, William Whalen.
Palo Alto Hospital -George Beau
mariage.
Women's Rest Home—Paula Kern,
Nancy Fifield.
Men's Rest Home No patients.
Isolation Hospital -George Cham
bers, Robert Griffith, Robert Jur
gensen, John Sill, William Whalen.
Palo Alto Hospital -George Beau
mariage.
Women's Rest Home—Paula Kern,
Nancy Fifield.
Men's Rest Home No patients.
Isolation Hospital -George Cham
bers, Robert Griffith, Robert Jur
gensen, John Sill, William Whalen.
Palo Alto Hospital -George Beau
mariage.
Women's Rest Home—Paula Kern,
Nancy Fifield.
Men's Rest Home No patients.
Isolation Hospital -George Cham
bers, Robert Griffith, Robert Jur
gensen, John Sill, William Whalen.
Palo Alto Hospital -George Beau
mariage.
Women's Rest Home—Paula Kern,
Nancy Fifield.
Men's Rest Home No patients.
Isolation Hospital -George Cham
bers, Robert Griffith, Robert Jur
gensen, John Sill, William Whalen.
Palo Alto Hospital -George Beau
mariage.
Women's Rest Home—Paula Kern,
Nancy Fifield.
Men's Rest Home No patients.
Isolation Hospital -George Cham
bers, Robert Griffith, Robert Jur
gensen, John Sill, William Whalen.
Palo Alto Hospital -George Beau
mariage.
Women's Rest Home—Paula Kern,
Nancy Fifield.
Men's Rest Home No patients.
Isolation Hospital -George Cham
bers, Robert Griffith, Robert Jur
gensen, John Sill, William Whalen.
Palo Alto Hospital -George Beau
mariage.
Women's Rest Home—Paula Kern,
Nancy Fifield.
Men's Rest Home No patients.
Isolation Hospital -George Cham
bers, Robert Griffith, Robert Jur
gensen, John Sill, William Whalen.
Palo Alto Hospital -George Beau
mariage.
Women's Rest Home—Paula Kern,
Nancy Fifield.
Men's Rest Home No patients.
Isolation Hospital -George Cham
bers, Robert Griffith, Robert Jur
gensen, John Sill, William Whalen.
Palo Alto Hospital -George Beau
mariage.
