# Briton to Talk On Mau Maus
## 
### 
Dr. Edgar Barton Worthington,
secretary general of the Scientific
Council for Africa, will present a
first-hand report on the Mau Mau
problem in Kenya this afternoon at
4:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
His topic will be "British East
Africa."
Dr. Worthington co-ordinates the
plans of six nations to raise stand
ards of living on the African con
tinent.
Before accepting his African post,
Dr. Worthington worked as scien
tific secretary to the Colonial Re
search Committee of the British
Colonial Service.
During the war he was scientific
adviser to the Middle East Supply
Council, an Anglo-American group
which organized the development of
the resources in the Middle East.
Dr. Edgar Barton Worthington,
secretary general of the Scientific
Council for Africa, will present a
first-hand report on the Mau Mau
problem in Kenya this afternoon at
4:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
His topic will be "British East
Africa."
Dr. Worthington co-ordinates the
plans of six nations to raise stand
ards of living on the African con
tinent.
Before accepting his African post,
Dr. Worthington worked as scien
tific secretary to the Colonial Re
search Committee of the British
Colonial Service.
During the war he was scientific
adviser to the Middle East Supply
Council, an Anglo-American group
which organized the development of
the resources in the Middle East.
Dr. Edgar Barton Worthington,
secretary general of the Scientific
Council for Africa, will present a
first-hand report on the Mau Mau
problem in Kenya this afternoon at
4:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
His topic will be "British East
Africa."
Dr. Worthington co-ordinates the
plans of six nations to raise stand
ards of living on the African con
tinent.
Before accepting his African post,
Dr. Worthington worked as scien
tific secretary to the Colonial Re
search Committee of the British
Colonial Service.
During the war he was scientific
adviser to the Middle East Supply
Council, an Anglo-American group
which organized the development of
the resources in the Middle East.
Dr. Edgar Barton Worthington,
secretary general of the Scientific
Council for Africa, will present a
first-hand report on the Mau Mau
problem in Kenya this afternoon at
4:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
His topic will be "British East
Africa."
Dr. Worthington co-ordinates the
plans of six nations to raise stand
ards of living on the African con
tinent.
Before accepting his African post,
Dr. Worthington worked as scien
tific secretary to the Colonial Re
search Committee of the British
Colonial Service.
During the war he was scientific
adviser to the Middle East Supply
Council, an Anglo-American group
which organized the development of
the resources in the Middle East.
Dr. Edgar Barton Worthington,
secretary general of the Scientific
Council for Africa, will present a
first-hand report on the Mau Mau
problem in Kenya this afternoon at
4:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
His topic will be "British East
Africa."
Dr. Worthington co-ordinates the
plans of six nations to raise stand
ards of living on the African con
tinent.
Before accepting his African post,
Dr. Worthington worked as scien
tific secretary to the Colonial Re
search Committee of the British
Colonial Service.
During the war he was scientific
adviser to the Middle East Supply
Council, an Anglo-American group
which organized the development of
the resources in the Middle East.
Dr. Edgar Barton Worthington,
secretary general of the Scientific
Council for Africa, will present a
first-hand report on the Mau Mau
problem in Kenya this afternoon at
4:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
His topic will be "British East
Africa."
Dr. Worthington co-ordinates the
plans of six nations to raise stand
ards of living on the African con
tinent.
Before accepting his African post,
Dr. Worthington worked as scien
tific secretary to the Colonial Re
search Committee of the British
Colonial Service.
During the war he was scientific
adviser to the Middle East Supply
Council, an Anglo-American group
which organized the development of
the resources in the Middle East.
Dr. Edgar Barton Worthington,
secretary general of the Scientific
Council for Africa, will present a
first-hand report on the Mau Mau
problem in Kenya this afternoon at
4:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
His topic will be "British East
Africa."
Dr. Worthington co-ordinates the
plans of six nations to raise stand
ards of living on the African con
tinent.
Before accepting his African post,
Dr. Worthington worked as scien
tific secretary to the Colonial Re
search Committee of the British
Colonial Service.
During the war he was scientific
adviser to the Middle East Supply
Council, an Anglo-American group
which organized the development of
the resources in the Middle East.
Dr. Edgar Barton Worthington,
secretary general of the Scientific
Council for Africa, will present a
first-hand report on the Mau Mau
problem in Kenya this afternoon at
4:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
His topic will be "British East
Africa."
Dr. Worthington co-ordinates the
plans of six nations to raise stand
ards of living on the African con
tinent.
Before accepting his African post,
Dr. Worthington worked as scien
tific secretary to the Colonial Re
search Committee of the British
Colonial Service.
During the war he was scientific
adviser to the Middle East Supply
Council, an Anglo-American group
which organized the development of
the resources in the Middle East.
Dr. Edgar Barton Worthington,
secretary general of the Scientific
Council for Africa, will present a
first-hand report on the Mau Mau
problem in Kenya this afternoon at
4:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
His topic will be "British East
Africa."
Dr. Worthington co-ordinates the
plans of six nations to raise stand
ards of living on the African con
tinent.
Before accepting his African post,
Dr. Worthington worked as scien
tific secretary to the Colonial Re
search Committee of the British
Colonial Service.
During the war he was scientific
adviser to the Middle East Supply
Council, an Anglo-American group
which organized the development of
the resources in the Middle East.
Dr. Edgar Barton Worthington,
secretary general of the Scientific
Council for Africa, will present a
first-hand report on the Mau Mau
problem in Kenya this afternoon at
4:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
His topic will be "British East
Africa."
Dr. Worthington co-ordinates the
plans of six nations to raise stand
ards of living on the African con
tinent.
Before accepting his African post,
Dr. Worthington worked as scien
tific secretary to the Colonial Re
search Committee of the British
Colonial Service.
During the war he was scientific
adviser to the Middle East Supply
Council, an Anglo-American group
which organized the development of
the resources in the Middle East.
Dr. Edgar Barton Worthington,
secretary general of the Scientific
Council for Africa, will present a
first-hand report on the Mau Mau
problem in Kenya this afternoon at
4:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
His topic will be "British East
Africa."
Dr. Worthington co-ordinates the
plans of six nations to raise stand
ards of living on the African con
tinent.
Before accepting his African post,
Dr. Worthington worked as scien
tific secretary to the Colonial Re
search Committee of the British
Colonial Service.
During the war he was scientific
adviser to the Middle East Supply
Council, an Anglo-American group
which organized the development of
the resources in the Middle East.
Dr. Edgar Barton Worthington,
secretary general of the Scientific
Council for Africa, will present a
first-hand report on the Mau Mau
problem in Kenya this afternoon at
4:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
His topic will be "British East
Africa."
Dr. Worthington co-ordinates the
plans of six nations to raise stand
ards of living on the African con
tinent.
Before accepting his African post,
Dr. Worthington worked as scien
tific secretary to the Colonial Re
search Committee of the British
Colonial Service.
During the war he was scientific
adviser to the Middle East Supply
Council, an Anglo-American group
which organized the development of
the resources in the Middle East.
Dr. Edgar Barton Worthington,
secretary general of the Scientific
Council for Africa, will present a
first-hand report on the Mau Mau
problem in Kenya this afternoon at
4:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
His topic will be "British East
Africa."
Dr. Worthington co-ordinates the
plans of six nations to raise stand
ards of living on the African con
tinent.
Before accepting his African post,
Dr. Worthington worked as scien
tific secretary to the Colonial Re
search Committee of the British
Colonial Service.
During the war he was scientific
adviser to the Middle East Supply
Council, an Anglo-American group
which organized the development of
the resources in the Middle East.
Dr. Edgar Barton Worthington,
secretary general of the Scientific
Council for Africa, will present a
first-hand report on the Mau Mau
problem in Kenya this afternoon at
4:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
His topic will be "British East
Africa."
Dr. Worthington co-ordinates the
plans of six nations to raise stand
ards of living on the African con
tinent.
Before accepting his African post,
Dr. Worthington worked as scien
tific secretary to the Colonial Re
search Committee of the British
Colonial Service.
During the war he was scientific
adviser to the Middle East Supply
Council, an Anglo-American group
which organized the development of
the resources in the Middle East.
Dr. Edgar Barton Worthington,
secretary general of the Scientific
Council for Africa, will present a
first-hand report on the Mau Mau
problem in Kenya this afternoon at
4:15 in Cubberley Auditorium.
His topic will be "British East
Africa."
Dr. Worthington co-ordinates the
plans of six nations to raise stand
ards of living on the African con
tinent.
Before accepting his African post,
Dr. Worthington worked as scien
tific secretary to the Colonial Re
search Committee of the British
Colonial Service.
During the war he was scientific
adviser to the Middle East Supply
Council, an Anglo-American group
which organized the development of
the resources in the Middle East.
