# HEALTH DIRECTOR
## 
### 
Dr. Ernest G. Lion, neuropsychia
trist in the School of Medicine, has
been named director of a new psy- |
chiatric clinic under the auspices of
the United States Public Health j
Service and the San Francisco De
partment of Health.
Dr. Ernest G. Lion, neuropsychia
trist in the School of Medicine, has
been named director of a new psy- |
chiatric clinic under the auspices of
the United States Public Health j
Service and the San Francisco De
partment of Health.
Dr. Ernest G. Lion, neuropsychia
trist in the School of Medicine, has
been named director of a new psy- |
chiatric clinic under the auspices of
the United States Public Health j
Service and the San Francisco De
partment of Health.
Dr. Ernest G. Lion, neuropsychia
trist in the School of Medicine, has
been named director of a new psy- |
chiatric clinic under the auspices of
the United States Public Health j
Service and the San Francisco De
partment of Health.
Dr. Ernest G. Lion, neuropsychia
trist in the School of Medicine, has
been named director of a new psy- |
chiatric clinic under the auspices of
the United States Public Health j
Service and the San Francisco De
partment of Health.
Dr. Ernest G. Lion, neuropsychia
trist in the School of Medicine, has
been named director of a new psy- |
chiatric clinic under the auspices of
the United States Public Health j
Service and the San Francisco De
partment of Health.
Dr. Ernest G. Lion, neuropsychia
trist in the School of Medicine, has
been named director of a new psy- |
chiatric clinic under the auspices of
the United States Public Health j
Service and the San Francisco De
partment of Health.
Dr. Ernest G. Lion, neuropsychia
trist in the School of Medicine, has
been named director of a new psy- |
chiatric clinic under the auspices of
the United States Public Health j
Service and the San Francisco De
partment of Health.
Dr. Ernest G. Lion, neuropsychia
trist in the School of Medicine, has
been named director of a new psy- |
chiatric clinic under the auspices of
the United States Public Health j
Service and the San Francisco De
partment of Health.
Dr. Ernest G. Lion, neuropsychia
trist in the School of Medicine, has
been named director of a new psy- |
chiatric clinic under the auspices of
the United States Public Health j
Service and the San Francisco De
partment of Health.
Dr. Ernest G. Lion, neuropsychia
trist in the School of Medicine, has
been named director of a new psy- |
chiatric clinic under the auspices of
the United States Public Health j
Service and the San Francisco De
partment of Health.
Dr. Ernest G. Lion, neuropsychia
trist in the School of Medicine, has
been named director of a new psy- |
chiatric clinic under the auspices of
the United States Public Health j
Service and the San Francisco De
partment of Health.
Dr. Ernest G. Lion, neuropsychia
trist in the School of Medicine, has
been named director of a new psy- |
chiatric clinic under the auspices of
the United States Public Health j
Service and the San Francisco De
partment of Health.
Dr. Ernest G. Lion, neuropsychia
trist in the School of Medicine, has
been named director of a new psy- |
chiatric clinic under the auspices of
the United States Public Health j
Service and the San Francisco De
partment of Health.
Dr. Ernest G. Lion, neuropsychia
trist in the School of Medicine, has
been named director of a new psy- |
chiatric clinic under the auspices of
the United States Public Health j
Service and the San Francisco De
partment of Health.
Dr. Ernest G. Lion, neuropsychia
trist in the School of Medicine, has
been named director of a new psy- |
chiatric clinic under the auspices of
the United States Public Health j
Service and the San Francisco De
partment of Health.
Dr. Ernest G. Lion, neuropsychia
trist in the School of Medicine, has
been named director of a new psy- |
chiatric clinic under the auspices of
the United States Public Health j
Service and the San Francisco De
partment of Health.
