# B. A. C. CANCELS STANFORD RUGBY
## Masters Says Basketball Will Be 'As Usual' 
### 
Rugby has been dropped from the
Stanford Winter Quarter sport cal
endar.
Harry Maloney, who was to have
coached the sport this season, will
apply most of his time to boxing
classes, and regular coaches Jim
Wylie and Willard Classen have
joined the service. Lack of sufficient
equipment is another sticking point,
and the Stanford Board of Athletic-
Control is not in a position to buy
special equipment to outfit a large
rugby squad.
In the absence of rugby, the Stan
ford sports program will go ahead
with "business as usual" as far as
basketball is concerned, and the
annual novice and all-University
boxing tournaments will also be
held.
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, hopes further curtail
bent will be unnecessary, but the
track and baseball schedules for
next spring are unsteady and will
depend mainly on whether or not
track and baseball squads can travel
between Peninsula points without
interfering with normal civilian use
of the railroads and buses.
Rugby has been dropped from the
Stanford Winter Quarter sport cal
endar.
Harry Maloney, who was to have
coached the sport this season, will
apply most of his time to boxing
classes, and regular coaches Jim
Wylie and Willard Classen have
joined the service. Lack of sufficient
equipment is another sticking point,
and the Stanford Board of Athletic-
Control is not in a position to buy
special equipment to outfit a large
rugby squad.
In the absence of rugby, the Stan
ford sports program will go ahead
with "business as usual" as far as
basketball is concerned, and the
annual novice and all-University
boxing tournaments will also be
held.
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, hopes further curtail
bent will be unnecessary, but the
track and baseball schedules for
next spring are unsteady and will
depend mainly on whether or not
track and baseball squads can travel
between Peninsula points without
interfering with normal civilian use
of the railroads and buses.
Rugby has been dropped from the
Stanford Winter Quarter sport cal
endar.
Harry Maloney, who was to have
coached the sport this season, will
apply most of his time to boxing
classes, and regular coaches Jim
Wylie and Willard Classen have
joined the service. Lack of sufficient
equipment is another sticking point,
and the Stanford Board of Athletic-
Control is not in a position to buy
special equipment to outfit a large
rugby squad.
In the absence of rugby, the Stan
ford sports program will go ahead
with "business as usual" as far as
basketball is concerned, and the
annual novice and all-University
boxing tournaments will also be
held.
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, hopes further curtail
bent will be unnecessary, but the
track and baseball schedules for
next spring are unsteady and will
depend mainly on whether or not
track and baseball squads can travel
between Peninsula points without
interfering with normal civilian use
of the railroads and buses.
Rugby has been dropped from the
Stanford Winter Quarter sport cal
endar.
Harry Maloney, who was to have
coached the sport this season, will
apply most of his time to boxing
classes, and regular coaches Jim
Wylie and Willard Classen have
joined the service. Lack of sufficient
equipment is another sticking point,
and the Stanford Board of Athletic-
Control is not in a position to buy
special equipment to outfit a large
rugby squad.
In the absence of rugby, the Stan
ford sports program will go ahead
with "business as usual" as far as
basketball is concerned, and the
annual novice and all-University
boxing tournaments will also be
held.
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, hopes further curtail
bent will be unnecessary, but the
track and baseball schedules for
next spring are unsteady and will
depend mainly on whether or not
track and baseball squads can travel
between Peninsula points without
interfering with normal civilian use
of the railroads and buses.
Rugby has been dropped from the
Stanford Winter Quarter sport cal
endar.
Harry Maloney, who was to have
coached the sport this season, will
apply most of his time to boxing
classes, and regular coaches Jim
Wylie and Willard Classen have
joined the service. Lack of sufficient
equipment is another sticking point,
and the Stanford Board of Athletic-
Control is not in a position to buy
special equipment to outfit a large
rugby squad.
In the absence of rugby, the Stan
ford sports program will go ahead
with "business as usual" as far as
basketball is concerned, and the
annual novice and all-University
boxing tournaments will also be
held.
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, hopes further curtail
bent will be unnecessary, but the
track and baseball schedules for
next spring are unsteady and will
depend mainly on whether or not
track and baseball squads can travel
between Peninsula points without
interfering with normal civilian use
of the railroads and buses.
Rugby has been dropped from the
Stanford Winter Quarter sport cal
endar.
Harry Maloney, who was to have
coached the sport this season, will
apply most of his time to boxing
classes, and regular coaches Jim
Wylie and Willard Classen have
joined the service. Lack of sufficient
equipment is another sticking point,
and the Stanford Board of Athletic-
Control is not in a position to buy
special equipment to outfit a large
rugby squad.
In the absence of rugby, the Stan
ford sports program will go ahead
with "business as usual" as far as
basketball is concerned, and the
annual novice and all-University
boxing tournaments will also be
held.
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, hopes further curtail
bent will be unnecessary, but the
track and baseball schedules for
next spring are unsteady and will
depend mainly on whether or not
track and baseball squads can travel
between Peninsula points without
interfering with normal civilian use
of the railroads and buses.
Rugby has been dropped from the
Stanford Winter Quarter sport cal
endar.
Harry Maloney, who was to have
coached the sport this season, will
apply most of his time to boxing
classes, and regular coaches Jim
Wylie and Willard Classen have
joined the service. Lack of sufficient
equipment is another sticking point,
and the Stanford Board of Athletic-
Control is not in a position to buy
special equipment to outfit a large
rugby squad.
In the absence of rugby, the Stan
ford sports program will go ahead
with "business as usual" as far as
basketball is concerned, and the
annual novice and all-University
boxing tournaments will also be
held.
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, hopes further curtail
bent will be unnecessary, but the
track and baseball schedules for
next spring are unsteady and will
depend mainly on whether or not
track and baseball squads can travel
between Peninsula points without
interfering with normal civilian use
of the railroads and buses.
Rugby has been dropped from the
Stanford Winter Quarter sport cal
endar.
Harry Maloney, who was to have
coached the sport this season, will
apply most of his time to boxing
classes, and regular coaches Jim
Wylie and Willard Classen have
joined the service. Lack of sufficient
equipment is another sticking point,
and the Stanford Board of Athletic-
Control is not in a position to buy
special equipment to outfit a large
rugby squad.
In the absence of rugby, the Stan
ford sports program will go ahead
with "business as usual" as far as
basketball is concerned, and the
annual novice and all-University
boxing tournaments will also be
held.
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, hopes further curtail
bent will be unnecessary, but the
track and baseball schedules for
next spring are unsteady and will
depend mainly on whether or not
track and baseball squads can travel
between Peninsula points without
interfering with normal civilian use
of the railroads and buses.
Rugby has been dropped from the
Stanford Winter Quarter sport cal
endar.
Harry Maloney, who was to have
coached the sport this season, will
apply most of his time to boxing
classes, and regular coaches Jim
Wylie and Willard Classen have
joined the service. Lack of sufficient
equipment is another sticking point,
and the Stanford Board of Athletic-
Control is not in a position to buy
special equipment to outfit a large
rugby squad.
In the absence of rugby, the Stan
ford sports program will go ahead
with "business as usual" as far as
basketball is concerned, and the
annual novice and all-University
boxing tournaments will also be
held.
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, hopes further curtail
bent will be unnecessary, but the
track and baseball schedules for
next spring are unsteady and will
depend mainly on whether or not
track and baseball squads can travel
between Peninsula points without
interfering with normal civilian use
of the railroads and buses.
Rugby has been dropped from the
Stanford Winter Quarter sport cal
endar.
Harry Maloney, who was to have
coached the sport this season, will
apply most of his time to boxing
classes, and regular coaches Jim
Wylie and Willard Classen have
joined the service. Lack of sufficient
equipment is another sticking point,
and the Stanford Board of Athletic-
Control is not in a position to buy
special equipment to outfit a large
rugby squad.
In the absence of rugby, the Stan
ford sports program will go ahead
with "business as usual" as far as
basketball is concerned, and the
annual novice and all-University
boxing tournaments will also be
held.
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, hopes further curtail
bent will be unnecessary, but the
track and baseball schedules for
next spring are unsteady and will
depend mainly on whether or not
track and baseball squads can travel
between Peninsula points without
interfering with normal civilian use
of the railroads and buses.
Rugby has been dropped from the
Stanford Winter Quarter sport cal
endar.
Harry Maloney, who was to have
coached the sport this season, will
apply most of his time to boxing
classes, and regular coaches Jim
Wylie and Willard Classen have
joined the service. Lack of sufficient
equipment is another sticking point,
and the Stanford Board of Athletic-
Control is not in a position to buy
special equipment to outfit a large
rugby squad.
In the absence of rugby, the Stan
ford sports program will go ahead
with "business as usual" as far as
basketball is concerned, and the
annual novice and all-University
boxing tournaments will also be
held.
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, hopes further curtail
bent will be unnecessary, but the
track and baseball schedules for
next spring are unsteady and will
depend mainly on whether or not
track and baseball squads can travel
between Peninsula points without
interfering with normal civilian use
of the railroads and buses.
Rugby has been dropped from the
Stanford Winter Quarter sport cal
endar.
Harry Maloney, who was to have
coached the sport this season, will
apply most of his time to boxing
classes, and regular coaches Jim
Wylie and Willard Classen have
joined the service. Lack of sufficient
equipment is another sticking point,
and the Stanford Board of Athletic-
Control is not in a position to buy
special equipment to outfit a large
rugby squad.
In the absence of rugby, the Stan
ford sports program will go ahead
with "business as usual" as far as
basketball is concerned, and the
annual novice and all-University
boxing tournaments will also be
held.
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, hopes further curtail
bent will be unnecessary, but the
track and baseball schedules for
next spring are unsteady and will
depend mainly on whether or not
track and baseball squads can travel
between Peninsula points without
interfering with normal civilian use
of the railroads and buses.
Rugby has been dropped from the
Stanford Winter Quarter sport cal
endar.
Harry Maloney, who was to have
coached the sport this season, will
apply most of his time to boxing
classes, and regular coaches Jim
Wylie and Willard Classen have
joined the service. Lack of sufficient
equipment is another sticking point,
and the Stanford Board of Athletic-
Control is not in a position to buy
special equipment to outfit a large
rugby squad.
In the absence of rugby, the Stan
ford sports program will go ahead
with "business as usual" as far as
basketball is concerned, and the
annual novice and all-University
boxing tournaments will also be
held.
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, hopes further curtail
bent will be unnecessary, but the
track and baseball schedules for
next spring are unsteady and will
depend mainly on whether or not
track and baseball squads can travel
between Peninsula points without
interfering with normal civilian use
of the railroads and buses.
Rugby has been dropped from the
Stanford Winter Quarter sport cal
endar.
Harry Maloney, who was to have
coached the sport this season, will
apply most of his time to boxing
classes, and regular coaches Jim
Wylie and Willard Classen have
joined the service. Lack of sufficient
equipment is another sticking point,
and the Stanford Board of Athletic-
Control is not in a position to buy
special equipment to outfit a large
rugby squad.
In the absence of rugby, the Stan
ford sports program will go ahead
with "business as usual" as far as
basketball is concerned, and the
annual novice and all-University
boxing tournaments will also be
held.
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, hopes further curtail
bent will be unnecessary, but the
track and baseball schedules for
next spring are unsteady and will
depend mainly on whether or not
track and baseball squads can travel
between Peninsula points without
interfering with normal civilian use
of the railroads and buses.
Rugby has been dropped from the
Stanford Winter Quarter sport cal
endar.
Harry Maloney, who was to have
coached the sport this season, will
apply most of his time to boxing
classes, and regular coaches Jim
Wylie and Willard Classen have
joined the service. Lack of sufficient
equipment is another sticking point,
and the Stanford Board of Athletic-
Control is not in a position to buy
special equipment to outfit a large
rugby squad.
In the absence of rugby, the Stan
ford sports program will go ahead
with "business as usual" as far as
basketball is concerned, and the
annual novice and all-University
boxing tournaments will also be
held.
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, hopes further curtail
bent will be unnecessary, but the
track and baseball schedules for
next spring are unsteady and will
depend mainly on whether or not
track and baseball squads can travel
between Peninsula points without
interfering with normal civilian use
of the railroads and buses.
Rugby has been dropped from the
Stanford Winter Quarter sport cal
endar.
Harry Maloney, who was to have
coached the sport this season, will
apply most of his time to boxing
classes, and regular coaches Jim
Wylie and Willard Classen have
joined the service. Lack of sufficient
equipment is another sticking point,
and the Stanford Board of Athletic-
Control is not in a position to buy
special equipment to outfit a large
rugby squad.
In the absence of rugby, the Stan
ford sports program will go ahead
with "business as usual" as far as
basketball is concerned, and the
annual novice and all-University
boxing tournaments will also be
held.
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, hopes further curtail
bent will be unnecessary, but the
track and baseball schedules for
next spring are unsteady and will
depend mainly on whether or not
track and baseball squads can travel
between Peninsula points without
interfering with normal civilian use
of the railroads and buses.
Rugby has been dropped from the
Stanford Winter Quarter sport cal
endar.
Harry Maloney, who was to have
coached the sport this season, will
apply most of his time to boxing
classes, and regular coaches Jim
Wylie and Willard Classen have
joined the service. Lack of sufficient
equipment is another sticking point,
and the Stanford Board of Athletic-
Control is not in a position to buy
special equipment to outfit a large
rugby squad.
In the absence of rugby, the Stan
ford sports program will go ahead
with "business as usual" as far as
basketball is concerned, and the
annual novice and all-University
boxing tournaments will also be
held.
Alfred Masters, Stanford gradu
ate manager, hopes further curtail
bent will be unnecessary, but the
track and baseball schedules for
next spring are unsteady and will
depend mainly on whether or not
track and baseball squads can travel
between Peninsula points without
interfering with normal civilian use
of the railroads and buses.
