# PLANE STILL MISSING
## 
### 
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Jan. 4 tU.R).—
Aerial searches will check a new
area on Vancouver Island for a trace
of the Canadian Pacific Transport
plane missing 15 days with 13 per
sons aboard.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Jan. 4 tU.R).—
Aerial searches will check a new
area on Vancouver Island for a trace
of the Canadian Pacific Transport
plane missing 15 days with 13 per
sons aboard.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Jan. 4 tU.R).—
Aerial searches will check a new
area on Vancouver Island for a trace
of the Canadian Pacific Transport
plane missing 15 days with 13 per
sons aboard.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Jan. 4 tU.R).—
Aerial searches will check a new
area on Vancouver Island for a trace
of the Canadian Pacific Transport
plane missing 15 days with 13 per
sons aboard.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Jan. 4 tU.R).—
Aerial searches will check a new
area on Vancouver Island for a trace
of the Canadian Pacific Transport
plane missing 15 days with 13 per
sons aboard.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Jan. 4 tU.R).—
Aerial searches will check a new
area on Vancouver Island for a trace
of the Canadian Pacific Transport
plane missing 15 days with 13 per
sons aboard.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Jan. 4 tU.R).—
Aerial searches will check a new
area on Vancouver Island for a trace
of the Canadian Pacific Transport
plane missing 15 days with 13 per
sons aboard.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Jan. 4 tU.R).—
Aerial searches will check a new
area on Vancouver Island for a trace
of the Canadian Pacific Transport
plane missing 15 days with 13 per
sons aboard.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Jan. 4 tU.R).—
Aerial searches will check a new
area on Vancouver Island for a trace
of the Canadian Pacific Transport
plane missing 15 days with 13 per
sons aboard.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Jan. 4 tU.R).—
Aerial searches will check a new
area on Vancouver Island for a trace
of the Canadian Pacific Transport
plane missing 15 days with 13 per
sons aboard.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Jan. 4 tU.R).—
Aerial searches will check a new
area on Vancouver Island for a trace
of the Canadian Pacific Transport
plane missing 15 days with 13 per
sons aboard.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Jan. 4 tU.R).—
Aerial searches will check a new
area on Vancouver Island for a trace
of the Canadian Pacific Transport
plane missing 15 days with 13 per
sons aboard.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Jan. 4 tU.R).—
Aerial searches will check a new
area on Vancouver Island for a trace
of the Canadian Pacific Transport
plane missing 15 days with 13 per
sons aboard.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Jan. 4 tU.R).—
Aerial searches will check a new
area on Vancouver Island for a trace
of the Canadian Pacific Transport
plane missing 15 days with 13 per
sons aboard.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Jan. 4 tU.R).—
Aerial searches will check a new
area on Vancouver Island for a trace
of the Canadian Pacific Transport
plane missing 15 days with 13 per
sons aboard.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Jan. 4 tU.R).—
Aerial searches will check a new
area on Vancouver Island for a trace
of the Canadian Pacific Transport
plane missing 15 days with 13 per
sons aboard.
VANCOUVER, 8.C., Jan. 4 tU.R).—
Aerial searches will check a new
area on Vancouver Island for a trace
of the Canadian Pacific Transport
plane missing 15 days with 13 per
sons aboard.
