# Adv. 24 Page 5
## 
### 
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
9
trecj2
Official factory/esoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ec(2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
9
trecj2
Official factory/esoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ec(2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
9
trecj2
Official factory/esoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ec(2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
9
trecj2
Official factory/esoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ec(2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
9
trecj2
Official factory/esoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ec(2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
9
trecj2
Official factory/esoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ec(2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
9
trecj2
Official factory/esoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ec(2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
9
trecj2
Official factory/esoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ec(2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
9
trecj2
Official factory/esoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ec(2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
9
trecj2
Official factory/esoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ec(2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
9
trecj2
Official factory/esoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ec(2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
9
trecj2
Official factory/esoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ec(2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
9
trecj2
Official factory/esoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ec(2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
A resoled
tennis shoe
is a good old
tennis shoe.
9
trecj2
Official factory/esoling
and repair service for
all athletic shoes.
Adidas Puma
Tretorn Tiger
Nike Head
Converse And more.
t*ec(2
111 Homer Ave
Downtown Palo Alto
324-0700
