# Briefly...
## 
### 
Dickinson Symposium Begins
Hans Mark, director of the National
Aeronautics and Space
Administration's Ames Research
Center, will speak on "The Disaster
Lobby: Or How Much Regulation Can
the Country Stand?" tonight at 8 in
Bishop Auditorium.
Following the speech, there will be
a panel discussion featuring
Communication Prof. William L.
Rivers.
Conference On The Professions
A meeting to consider the content
and format of a proposed conference
on the professions will be held today
at noon in Tresidder 270.
CORRECTION
The 3.4 letter grade average for
undergraduate courses during the
1973-74 academic year reported in
yesterday's Daily did not include
physical education, human biology,
SWOPSI, SCIRE and Undergraduate
Special 'courses. Each of these
programs is outside the six schools
covered by the Registrar's Office
survey. â– 
