# For the record
## 
### 
A sentence in a letter by Susan
Kalter, published Feb. 11, should
have read: "He is the champion of
restrictions on thought and free
dom whose death he wails. He is
the proponent of the worldly
ignorance which leads our coun
try astray."
A sentence in a letter by Susan
Kalter, published Feb. 11, should
have read: "He is the champion of
restrictions on thought and free
dom whose death he wails. He is
the proponent of the worldly
ignorance which leads our coun
try astray."
A sentence in a letter by Susan
Kalter, published Feb. 11, should
have read: "He is the champion of
restrictions on thought and free
dom whose death he wails. He is
the proponent of the worldly
ignorance which leads our coun
try astray."
A sentence in a letter by Susan
Kalter, published Feb. 11, should
have read: "He is the champion of
restrictions on thought and free
dom whose death he wails. He is
the proponent of the worldly
ignorance which leads our coun
try astray."
A sentence in a letter by Susan
Kalter, published Feb. 11, should
have read: "He is the champion of
restrictions on thought and free
dom whose death he wails. He is
the proponent of the worldly
ignorance which leads our coun
try astray."
A sentence in a letter by Susan
Kalter, published Feb. 11, should
have read: "He is the champion of
restrictions on thought and free
dom whose death he wails. He is
the proponent of the worldly
ignorance which leads our coun
try astray."
A sentence in a letter by Susan
Kalter, published Feb. 11, should
have read: "He is the champion of
restrictions on thought and free
dom whose death he wails. He is
the proponent of the worldly
ignorance which leads our coun
try astray."
A sentence in a letter by Susan
Kalter, published Feb. 11, should
have read: "He is the champion of
restrictions on thought and free
dom whose death he wails. He is
the proponent of the worldly
ignorance which leads our coun
try astray."
