# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The engagement of H. W. Jewett,
ex-'lB, to Miss Gladys Gunsolus of
San Jose, was announced last Sat
urday. Jewett is now teaching near
San Jose.
The engagement of H. W. Jewett,
ex-'lB, to Miss Gladys Gunsolus of
San Jose, was announced last Sat
urday. Jewett is now teaching near
San Jose.
The engagement of H. W. Jewett,
ex-'lB, to Miss Gladys Gunsolus of
San Jose, was announced last Sat
urday. Jewett is now teaching near
San Jose.
The engagement of H. W. Jewett,
ex-'lB, to Miss Gladys Gunsolus of
San Jose, was announced last Sat
urday. Jewett is now teaching near
San Jose.
The engagement of H. W. Jewett,
ex-'lB, to Miss Gladys Gunsolus of
San Jose, was announced last Sat
urday. Jewett is now teaching near
San Jose.
The engagement of H. W. Jewett,
ex-'lB, to Miss Gladys Gunsolus of
San Jose, was announced last Sat
urday. Jewett is now teaching near
San Jose.
The engagement of H. W. Jewett,
ex-'lB, to Miss Gladys Gunsolus of
San Jose, was announced last Sat
urday. Jewett is now teaching near
San Jose.
The engagement of H. W. Jewett,
ex-'lB, to Miss Gladys Gunsolus of
San Jose, was announced last Sat
urday. Jewett is now teaching near
San Jose.
The engagement of H. W. Jewett,
ex-'lB, to Miss Gladys Gunsolus of
San Jose, was announced last Sat
urday. Jewett is now teaching near
San Jose.
The engagement of H. W. Jewett,
ex-'lB, to Miss Gladys Gunsolus of
San Jose, was announced last Sat
urday. Jewett is now teaching near
San Jose.
The engagement of H. W. Jewett,
ex-'lB, to Miss Gladys Gunsolus of
San Jose, was announced last Sat
urday. Jewett is now teaching near
San Jose.
The engagement of H. W. Jewett,
ex-'lB, to Miss Gladys Gunsolus of
San Jose, was announced last Sat
urday. Jewett is now teaching near
San Jose.
The engagement of H. W. Jewett,
ex-'lB, to Miss Gladys Gunsolus of
San Jose, was announced last Sat
urday. Jewett is now teaching near
San Jose.
