# AWARD OF SCHOLARSHIPS
## 
### 
All University scholarships for 1928-29,
cxcept those reserved for entering stu
dents, will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should be filed at
the office of the Committee on Scholar
ship before April 1 for graduate, and
April 15 for undergraduate, scholarships.
Candidates for 1927-28, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to apply
for renewals, should file new applications
at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-29,
cxcept those reserved for entering stu
dents, will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should be filed at
the office of the Committee on Scholar
ship before April 1 for graduate, and
April 15 for undergraduate, scholarships.
Candidates for 1927-28, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to apply
for renewals, should file new applications
at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-29,
cxcept those reserved for entering stu
dents, will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should be filed at
the office of the Committee on Scholar
ship before April 1 for graduate, and
April 15 for undergraduate, scholarships.
Candidates for 1927-28, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to apply
for renewals, should file new applications
at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-29,
cxcept those reserved for entering stu
dents, will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should be filed at
the office of the Committee on Scholar
ship before April 1 for graduate, and
April 15 for undergraduate, scholarships.
Candidates for 1927-28, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to apply
for renewals, should file new applications
at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-29,
cxcept those reserved for entering stu
dents, will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should be filed at
the office of the Committee on Scholar
ship before April 1 for graduate, and
April 15 for undergraduate, scholarships.
Candidates for 1927-28, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to apply
for renewals, should file new applications
at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-29,
cxcept those reserved for entering stu
dents, will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should be filed at
the office of the Committee on Scholar
ship before April 1 for graduate, and
April 15 for undergraduate, scholarships.
Candidates for 1927-28, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to apply
for renewals, should file new applications
at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-29,
cxcept those reserved for entering stu
dents, will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should be filed at
the office of the Committee on Scholar
ship before April 1 for graduate, and
April 15 for undergraduate, scholarships.
Candidates for 1927-28, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to apply
for renewals, should file new applications
at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-29,
cxcept those reserved for entering stu
dents, will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should be filed at
the office of the Committee on Scholar
ship before April 1 for graduate, and
April 15 for undergraduate, scholarships.
Candidates for 1927-28, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to apply
for renewals, should file new applications
at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-29,
cxcept those reserved for entering stu
dents, will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should be filed at
the office of the Committee on Scholar
ship before April 1 for graduate, and
April 15 for undergraduate, scholarships.
Candidates for 1927-28, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to apply
for renewals, should file new applications
at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-29,
cxcept those reserved for entering stu
dents, will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should be filed at
the office of the Committee on Scholar
ship before April 1 for graduate, and
April 15 for undergraduate, scholarships.
Candidates for 1927-28, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to apply
for renewals, should file new applications
at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-29,
cxcept those reserved for entering stu
dents, will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should be filed at
the office of the Committee on Scholar
ship before April 1 for graduate, and
April 15 for undergraduate, scholarships.
Candidates for 1927-28, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to apply
for renewals, should file new applications
at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-29,
cxcept those reserved for entering stu
dents, will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should be filed at
the office of the Committee on Scholar
ship before April 1 for graduate, and
April 15 for undergraduate, scholarships.
Candidates for 1927-28, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to apply
for renewals, should file new applications
at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-29,
cxcept those reserved for entering stu
dents, will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should be filed at
the office of the Committee on Scholar
ship before April 1 for graduate, and
April 15 for undergraduate, scholarships.
Candidates for 1927-28, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to apply
for renewals, should file new applications
at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-29,
cxcept those reserved for entering stu
dents, will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should be filed at
the office of the Committee on Scholar
ship before April 1 for graduate, and
April 15 for undergraduate, scholarships.
Candidates for 1927-28, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to apply
for renewals, should file new applications
at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-29,
cxcept those reserved for entering stu
dents, will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should be filed at
the office of the Committee on Scholar
ship before April 1 for graduate, and
April 15 for undergraduate, scholarships.
Candidates for 1927-28, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to apply
for renewals, should file new applications
at this time.
All University scholarships for 1928-29,
cxcept those reserved for entering stu
dents, will be awarded during the spring
quarter. Applications should be filed at
the office of the Committee on Scholar
ship before April 1 for graduate, and
April 15 for undergraduate, scholarships.
Candidates for 1927-28, including present
holders of scholarships who wish to apply
for renewals, should file new applications
at this time.
