# Resume Competition Today In Mural Tennis Tourney
## 
### 
Competition in the intramural ten
nis consolation tournament will be re
sumed today after a week's lay-off,
when the Union team will face El
Capitan net men in the remaining
match of the semi-final round. The
winner of this match will meet El
Toro in the championship play-off to
morrow afternoon. The winner of the
tournament will be awarded fifth
place in the regular tournament. To
day's game is scheduled for 1 o'clock
on the New Varsity Courts 1 and 2.
Competition in the intramural ten
nis consolation tournament will be re
sumed today after a week's lay-off,
when the Union team will face El
Capitan net men in the remaining
match of the semi-final round. The
winner of this match will meet El
Toro in the championship play-off to
morrow afternoon. The winner of the
tournament will be awarded fifth
place in the regular tournament. To
day's game is scheduled for 1 o'clock
on the New Varsity Courts 1 and 2.
Competition in the intramural ten
nis consolation tournament will be re
sumed today after a week's lay-off,
when the Union team will face El
Capitan net men in the remaining
match of the semi-final round. The
winner of this match will meet El
Toro in the championship play-off to
morrow afternoon. The winner of the
tournament will be awarded fifth
place in the regular tournament. To
day's game is scheduled for 1 o'clock
on the New Varsity Courts 1 and 2.
Competition in the intramural ten
nis consolation tournament will be re
sumed today after a week's lay-off,
when the Union team will face El
Capitan net men in the remaining
match of the semi-final round. The
winner of this match will meet El
Toro in the championship play-off to
morrow afternoon. The winner of the
tournament will be awarded fifth
place in the regular tournament. To
day's game is scheduled for 1 o'clock
on the New Varsity Courts 1 and 2.
Competition in the intramural ten
nis consolation tournament will be re
sumed today after a week's lay-off,
when the Union team will face El
Capitan net men in the remaining
match of the semi-final round. The
winner of this match will meet El
Toro in the championship play-off to
morrow afternoon. The winner of the
tournament will be awarded fifth
place in the regular tournament. To
day's game is scheduled for 1 o'clock
on the New Varsity Courts 1 and 2.
Competition in the intramural ten
nis consolation tournament will be re
sumed today after a week's lay-off,
when the Union team will face El
Capitan net men in the remaining
match of the semi-final round. The
winner of this match will meet El
Toro in the championship play-off to
morrow afternoon. The winner of the
tournament will be awarded fifth
place in the regular tournament. To
day's game is scheduled for 1 o'clock
on the New Varsity Courts 1 and 2.
Competition in the intramural ten
nis consolation tournament will be re
sumed today after a week's lay-off,
when the Union team will face El
Capitan net men in the remaining
match of the semi-final round. The
winner of this match will meet El
Toro in the championship play-off to
morrow afternoon. The winner of the
tournament will be awarded fifth
place in the regular tournament. To
day's game is scheduled for 1 o'clock
on the New Varsity Courts 1 and 2.
Competition in the intramural ten
nis consolation tournament will be re
sumed today after a week's lay-off,
when the Union team will face El
Capitan net men in the remaining
match of the semi-final round. The
winner of this match will meet El
Toro in the championship play-off to
morrow afternoon. The winner of the
tournament will be awarded fifth
place in the regular tournament. To
day's game is scheduled for 1 o'clock
on the New Varsity Courts 1 and 2.
Competition in the intramural ten
nis consolation tournament will be re
sumed today after a week's lay-off,
when the Union team will face El
Capitan net men in the remaining
match of the semi-final round. The
winner of this match will meet El
Toro in the championship play-off to
morrow afternoon. The winner of the
tournament will be awarded fifth
place in the regular tournament. To
day's game is scheduled for 1 o'clock
on the New Varsity Courts 1 and 2.
Competition in the intramural ten
nis consolation tournament will be re
sumed today after a week's lay-off,
when the Union team will face El
Capitan net men in the remaining
match of the semi-final round. The
winner of this match will meet El
Toro in the championship play-off to
morrow afternoon. The winner of the
tournament will be awarded fifth
place in the regular tournament. To
day's game is scheduled for 1 o'clock
on the New Varsity Courts 1 and 2.
Competition in the intramural ten
nis consolation tournament will be re
sumed today after a week's lay-off,
when the Union team will face El
Capitan net men in the remaining
match of the semi-final round. The
winner of this match will meet El
Toro in the championship play-off to
morrow afternoon. The winner of the
tournament will be awarded fifth
place in the regular tournament. To
day's game is scheduled for 1 o'clock
on the New Varsity Courts 1 and 2.
Competition in the intramural ten
nis consolation tournament will be re
sumed today after a week's lay-off,
when the Union team will face El
Capitan net men in the remaining
match of the semi-final round. The
winner of this match will meet El
Toro in the championship play-off to
morrow afternoon. The winner of the
tournament will be awarded fifth
place in the regular tournament. To
day's game is scheduled for 1 o'clock
on the New Varsity Courts 1 and 2.
Competition in the intramural ten
nis consolation tournament will be re
sumed today after a week's lay-off,
when the Union team will face El
Capitan net men in the remaining
match of the semi-final round. The
winner of this match will meet El
Toro in the championship play-off to
morrow afternoon. The winner of the
tournament will be awarded fifth
place in the regular tournament. To
day's game is scheduled for 1 o'clock
on the New Varsity Courts 1 and 2.
Competition in the intramural ten
nis consolation tournament will be re
sumed today after a week's lay-off,
when the Union team will face El
Capitan net men in the remaining
match of the semi-final round. The
winner of this match will meet El
Toro in the championship play-off to
morrow afternoon. The winner of the
tournament will be awarded fifth
place in the regular tournament. To
day's game is scheduled for 1 o'clock
on the New Varsity Courts 1 and 2.
Competition in the intramural ten
nis consolation tournament will be re
sumed today after a week's lay-off,
when the Union team will face El
Capitan net men in the remaining
match of the semi-final round. The
winner of this match will meet El
Toro in the championship play-off to
morrow afternoon. The winner of the
tournament will be awarded fifth
place in the regular tournament. To
day's game is scheduled for 1 o'clock
on the New Varsity Courts 1 and 2.
Competition in the intramural ten
nis consolation tournament will be re
sumed today after a week's lay-off,
when the Union team will face El
Capitan net men in the remaining
match of the semi-final round. The
winner of this match will meet El
Toro in the championship play-off to
morrow afternoon. The winner of the
tournament will be awarded fifth
place in the regular tournament. To
day's game is scheduled for 1 o'clock
on the New Varsity Courts 1 and 2.
