# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Enrollment in the S. A. T. C. has
reached a total of K2U, according to
figures given out yesterday.
Enrollment in the S. A. T. C. has
reached a total of K2U, according to
figures given out yesterday.
Enrollment in the S. A. T. C. has
reached a total of K2U, according to
figures given out yesterday.
Enrollment in the S. A. T. C. has
reached a total of K2U, according to
figures given out yesterday.
Enrollment in the S. A. T. C. has
reached a total of K2U, according to
figures given out yesterday.
Enrollment in the S. A. T. C. has
reached a total of K2U, according to
figures given out yesterday.
Enrollment in the S. A. T. C. has
reached a total of K2U, according to
figures given out yesterday.
Enrollment in the S. A. T. C. has
reached a total of K2U, according to
figures given out yesterday.
Enrollment in the S. A. T. C. has
reached a total of K2U, according to
figures given out yesterday.
Enrollment in the S. A. T. C. has
reached a total of K2U, according to
figures given out yesterday.
Enrollment in the S. A. T. C. has
reached a total of K2U, according to
figures given out yesterday.
Enrollment in the S. A. T. C. has
reached a total of K2U, according to
figures given out yesterday.
Enrollment in the S. A. T. C. has
reached a total of K2U, according to
figures given out yesterday.
Enrollment in the S. A. T. C. has
reached a total of K2U, according to
figures given out yesterday.
Enrollment in the S. A. T. C. has
reached a total of K2U, according to
figures given out yesterday.
Enrollment in the S. A. T. C. has
reached a total of K2U, according to
figures given out yesterday.
