# Under the Weather
## 
### 
Isolation Hospital: Nancy Mc
intosh.
Men's Rest Home: James Bay
les, Dan Gi 11 um, John Lane,
George Tsongas, Garrit Van Ben
schoten, Richard Van Saun.
l'alo Alto Hospital: Steve Hud
ner, James Mahoney. Robert New
man, Willard Price, Dennis Whee
ler.
* Women's H«»st Home: Elizabeth
Alden, Marilyn Heisner, Ayako
Omuro.
Isolation Hospital: Nancy Mc
intosh.
Men's Rest Home: James Bay
les, Dan Gi 11 um, John Lane,
George Tsongas, Garrit Van Ben
schoten, Richard Van Saun.
l'alo Alto Hospital: Steve Hud
ner, James Mahoney. Robert New
man, Willard Price, Dennis Whee
ler.
* Women's H«»st Home: Elizabeth
Alden, Marilyn Heisner, Ayako
Omuro.
Isolation Hospital: Nancy Mc
intosh.
Men's Rest Home: James Bay
les, Dan Gi 11 um, John Lane,
George Tsongas, Garrit Van Ben
schoten, Richard Van Saun.
l'alo Alto Hospital: Steve Hud
ner, James Mahoney. Robert New
man, Willard Price, Dennis Whee
ler.
* Women's H«»st Home: Elizabeth
Alden, Marilyn Heisner, Ayako
Omuro.
Isolation Hospital: Nancy Mc
intosh.
Men's Rest Home: James Bay
les, Dan Gi 11 um, John Lane,
George Tsongas, Garrit Van Ben
schoten, Richard Van Saun.
l'alo Alto Hospital: Steve Hud
ner, James Mahoney. Robert New
man, Willard Price, Dennis Whee
ler.
* Women's H«»st Home: Elizabeth
Alden, Marilyn Heisner, Ayako
Omuro.
Isolation Hospital: Nancy Mc
intosh.
Men's Rest Home: James Bay
les, Dan Gi 11 um, John Lane,
George Tsongas, Garrit Van Ben
schoten, Richard Van Saun.
l'alo Alto Hospital: Steve Hud
ner, James Mahoney. Robert New
man, Willard Price, Dennis Whee
ler.
* Women's H«»st Home: Elizabeth
Alden, Marilyn Heisner, Ayako
Omuro.
Isolation Hospital: Nancy Mc
intosh.
Men's Rest Home: James Bay
les, Dan Gi 11 um, John Lane,
George Tsongas, Garrit Van Ben
schoten, Richard Van Saun.
l'alo Alto Hospital: Steve Hud
ner, James Mahoney. Robert New
man, Willard Price, Dennis Whee
ler.
* Women's H«»st Home: Elizabeth
Alden, Marilyn Heisner, Ayako
Omuro.
Isolation Hospital: Nancy Mc
intosh.
Men's Rest Home: James Bay
les, Dan Gi 11 um, John Lane,
George Tsongas, Garrit Van Ben
schoten, Richard Van Saun.
l'alo Alto Hospital: Steve Hud
ner, James Mahoney. Robert New
man, Willard Price, Dennis Whee
ler.
* Women's H«»st Home: Elizabeth
Alden, Marilyn Heisner, Ayako
Omuro.
Isolation Hospital: Nancy Mc
intosh.
Men's Rest Home: James Bay
les, Dan Gi 11 um, John Lane,
George Tsongas, Garrit Van Ben
schoten, Richard Van Saun.
l'alo Alto Hospital: Steve Hud
ner, James Mahoney. Robert New
man, Willard Price, Dennis Whee
ler.
* Women's H«»st Home: Elizabeth
Alden, Marilyn Heisner, Ayako
Omuro.
Isolation Hospital: Nancy Mc
intosh.
Men's Rest Home: James Bay
les, Dan Gi 11 um, John Lane,
George Tsongas, Garrit Van Ben
schoten, Richard Van Saun.
l'alo Alto Hospital: Steve Hud
ner, James Mahoney. Robert New
man, Willard Price, Dennis Whee
ler.
* Women's H«»st Home: Elizabeth
Alden, Marilyn Heisner, Ayako
Omuro.
Isolation Hospital: Nancy Mc
intosh.
Men's Rest Home: James Bay
les, Dan Gi 11 um, John Lane,
George Tsongas, Garrit Van Ben
schoten, Richard Van Saun.
l'alo Alto Hospital: Steve Hud
ner, James Mahoney. Robert New
man, Willard Price, Dennis Whee
ler.
* Women's H«»st Home: Elizabeth
Alden, Marilyn Heisner, Ayako
Omuro.
Isolation Hospital: Nancy Mc
intosh.
Men's Rest Home: James Bay
les, Dan Gi 11 um, John Lane,
George Tsongas, Garrit Van Ben
schoten, Richard Van Saun.
l'alo Alto Hospital: Steve Hud
ner, James Mahoney. Robert New
man, Willard Price, Dennis Whee
ler.
* Women's H«»st Home: Elizabeth
Alden, Marilyn Heisner, Ayako
Omuro.
Isolation Hospital: Nancy Mc
intosh.
Men's Rest Home: James Bay
les, Dan Gi 11 um, John Lane,
George Tsongas, Garrit Van Ben
schoten, Richard Van Saun.
l'alo Alto Hospital: Steve Hud
ner, James Mahoney. Robert New
man, Willard Price, Dennis Whee
ler.
* Women's H«»st Home: Elizabeth
Alden, Marilyn Heisner, Ayako
Omuro.
Isolation Hospital: Nancy Mc
intosh.
Men's Rest Home: James Bay
les, Dan Gi 11 um, John Lane,
George Tsongas, Garrit Van Ben
schoten, Richard Van Saun.
l'alo Alto Hospital: Steve Hud
ner, James Mahoney. Robert New
man, Willard Price, Dennis Whee
ler.
* Women's H«»st Home: Elizabeth
Alden, Marilyn Heisner, Ayako
Omuro.
Isolation Hospital: Nancy Mc
intosh.
Men's Rest Home: James Bay
les, Dan Gi 11 um, John Lane,
George Tsongas, Garrit Van Ben
schoten, Richard Van Saun.
l'alo Alto Hospital: Steve Hud
ner, James Mahoney. Robert New
man, Willard Price, Dennis Whee
ler.
* Women's H«»st Home: Elizabeth
Alden, Marilyn Heisner, Ayako
Omuro.
Isolation Hospital: Nancy Mc
intosh.
Men's Rest Home: James Bay
les, Dan Gi 11 um, John Lane,
George Tsongas, Garrit Van Ben
schoten, Richard Van Saun.
l'alo Alto Hospital: Steve Hud
ner, James Mahoney. Robert New
man, Willard Price, Dennis Whee
ler.
* Women's H«»st Home: Elizabeth
Alden, Marilyn Heisner, Ayako
Omuro.
