# Students to Have Time for Studying At Hostel Meeting
## 
### 
Students going on this week's
outing to Stanford's hostel will
have "plenty of study time" at
Camp Monte Cristo, according to
founder-member George Abel.
"Anyone going out to the hos
tel will have plenty of time to
study Friday evening and Satur
day afternoon," Abel declared.
"The group will return to Stan
ford at 2 p.m. Sunday."
The hostelers will discuss the
subject of "Religion in the Stu
dent Community." Leading discus
sions will be Willis Harman, elec
trical engineering professor, and
Jeffrey Smith, philosophy profes
sor.
Today is the last day for stu
dents to sign up for the hostel.
Sign-up sheets arc posted in the
ASSU offices.
Cost is $4. The weekend will
begin tomorrow at 4 p.m. when a
caravan of cars leaves Bowman
Alumni House en route for Camp
Monte Cristo.
