# Sign-Ups Continue For Spring Sing
## 
### 
Spring Sing sign-ups will con
tinue from 9 to 5 through Friday
in the ASSU office. An entry fee
of $2.50 will be charged.
Lagunita Court will hold their
annual open house after the
Spring Sing this year from 10 to
12 p.m.
There will he refreshments and
the music of Dave Guard at the
event, which is open to the cam
pus.
Spring Sing sign-ups will con
tinue from 9 to 5 through Friday
in the ASSU office. An entry fee
of $2.50 will be charged.
Lagunita Court will hold their
annual open house after the
Spring Sing this year from 10 to
12 p.m.
There will he refreshments and
the music of Dave Guard at the
event, which is open to the cam
pus.
Spring Sing sign-ups will con
tinue from 9 to 5 through Friday
in the ASSU office. An entry fee
of $2.50 will be charged.
Lagunita Court will hold their
annual open house after the
Spring Sing this year from 10 to
12 p.m.
There will he refreshments and
the music of Dave Guard at the
event, which is open to the cam
pus.
Spring Sing sign-ups will con
tinue from 9 to 5 through Friday
in the ASSU office. An entry fee
of $2.50 will be charged.
Lagunita Court will hold their
annual open house after the
Spring Sing this year from 10 to
12 p.m.
There will he refreshments and
the music of Dave Guard at the
event, which is open to the cam
pus.
Spring Sing sign-ups will con
tinue from 9 to 5 through Friday
in the ASSU office. An entry fee
of $2.50 will be charged.
Lagunita Court will hold their
annual open house after the
Spring Sing this year from 10 to
12 p.m.
There will he refreshments and
the music of Dave Guard at the
event, which is open to the cam
pus.
Spring Sing sign-ups will con
tinue from 9 to 5 through Friday
in the ASSU office. An entry fee
of $2.50 will be charged.
Lagunita Court will hold their
annual open house after the
Spring Sing this year from 10 to
12 p.m.
There will he refreshments and
the music of Dave Guard at the
event, which is open to the cam
pus.
Spring Sing sign-ups will con
tinue from 9 to 5 through Friday
in the ASSU office. An entry fee
of $2.50 will be charged.
Lagunita Court will hold their
annual open house after the
Spring Sing this year from 10 to
12 p.m.
There will he refreshments and
the music of Dave Guard at the
event, which is open to the cam
pus.
Spring Sing sign-ups will con
tinue from 9 to 5 through Friday
in the ASSU office. An entry fee
of $2.50 will be charged.
Lagunita Court will hold their
annual open house after the
Spring Sing this year from 10 to
12 p.m.
There will he refreshments and
the music of Dave Guard at the
event, which is open to the cam
pus.
Spring Sing sign-ups will con
tinue from 9 to 5 through Friday
in the ASSU office. An entry fee
of $2.50 will be charged.
Lagunita Court will hold their
annual open house after the
Spring Sing this year from 10 to
12 p.m.
There will he refreshments and
the music of Dave Guard at the
event, which is open to the cam
pus.
Spring Sing sign-ups will con
tinue from 9 to 5 through Friday
in the ASSU office. An entry fee
of $2.50 will be charged.
Lagunita Court will hold their
annual open house after the
Spring Sing this year from 10 to
12 p.m.
There will he refreshments and
the music of Dave Guard at the
event, which is open to the cam
pus.
Spring Sing sign-ups will con
tinue from 9 to 5 through Friday
in the ASSU office. An entry fee
of $2.50 will be charged.
Lagunita Court will hold their
annual open house after the
Spring Sing this year from 10 to
12 p.m.
There will he refreshments and
the music of Dave Guard at the
event, which is open to the cam
pus.
Spring Sing sign-ups will con
tinue from 9 to 5 through Friday
in the ASSU office. An entry fee
of $2.50 will be charged.
Lagunita Court will hold their
annual open house after the
Spring Sing this year from 10 to
12 p.m.
There will he refreshments and
the music of Dave Guard at the
event, which is open to the cam
pus.
Spring Sing sign-ups will con
tinue from 9 to 5 through Friday
in the ASSU office. An entry fee
of $2.50 will be charged.
Lagunita Court will hold their
annual open house after the
Spring Sing this year from 10 to
12 p.m.
There will he refreshments and
the music of Dave Guard at the
event, which is open to the cam
pus.
Spring Sing sign-ups will con
tinue from 9 to 5 through Friday
in the ASSU office. An entry fee
of $2.50 will be charged.
Lagunita Court will hold their
annual open house after the
Spring Sing this year from 10 to
12 p.m.
There will he refreshments and
the music of Dave Guard at the
event, which is open to the cam
pus.
Spring Sing sign-ups will con
tinue from 9 to 5 through Friday
in the ASSU office. An entry fee
of $2.50 will be charged.
Lagunita Court will hold their
annual open house after the
Spring Sing this year from 10 to
12 p.m.
There will he refreshments and
the music of Dave Guard at the
event, which is open to the cam
pus.
