# Sequoia to Choose Business Manager
## 
### 
c
Sign ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will continue
today in Room 335, Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are el
igible to try out for the position.
c
Sign ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will continue
today in Room 335, Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are el
igible to try out for the position.
c
Sign ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will continue
today in Room 335, Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are el
igible to try out for the position.
c
Sign ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will continue
today in Room 335, Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are el
igible to try out for the position.
c
Sign ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will continue
today in Room 335, Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are el
igible to try out for the position.
c
Sign ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will continue
today in Room 335, Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are el
igible to try out for the position.
c
Sign ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will continue
today in Room 335, Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are el
igible to try out for the position.
c
Sign ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will continue
today in Room 335, Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are el
igible to try out for the position.
c
Sign ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will continue
today in Room 335, Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are el
igible to try out for the position.
c
Sign ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will continue
today in Room 335, Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are el
igible to try out for the position.
c
Sign ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will continue
today in Room 335, Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are el
igible to try out for the position.
c
Sign ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will continue
today in Room 335, Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are el
igible to try out for the position.
c
Sign ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will continue
today in Room 335, Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are el
igible to try out for the position.
c
Sign ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will continue
today in Room 335, Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are el
igible to try out for the position.
c
Sign ups for Sequoia Magazine
business manager will continue
today in Room 335, Main Library.
Sophomores and juniors are el
igible to try out for the position.
