# Adv. 21 Page 9
## 
### 
Discover
a collection of jeans,
modem
activewear, shirts,
tops and accessories
for men
and
women
that's
all-American in spirit,
pure Polo in style.
New Store
Now Open
Valley Fair Mall
Santa Clara, California
(408) 241-9111
%
>v
Store hours
Monday - Friday
10 a.m. - 9:30 p.m.
Saturday
10 a.m. - 9 p.m.
Sunday
1 1 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Discover
a collection of jeans,
modem
activewear, shirts,
tops and accessories
for men
and
women
that's
all-American in spirit,
pure Polo in style.
New Store
Now Open
Valley Fair Mall
Santa Clara, California
(408) 241-9111
%
>v
Store hours
Monday - Friday
10 a.m. - 9:30 p.m.
Saturday
10 a.m. - 9 p.m.
Sunday
1 1 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Discover
a collection of jeans,
modem
activewear, shirts,
tops and accessories
for men
and
women
that's
all-American in spirit,
pure Polo in style.
New Store
Now Open
Valley Fair Mall
Santa Clara, California
(408) 241-9111
%
>v
Store hours
Monday - Friday
10 a.m. - 9:30 p.m.
Saturday
10 a.m. - 9 p.m.
Sunday
1 1 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Discover
a collection of jeans,
modem
activewear, shirts,
tops and accessories
for men
and
women
that's
all-American in spirit,
pure Polo in style.
New Store
Now Open
Valley Fair Mall
Santa Clara, California
(408) 241-9111
%
>v
Store hours
Monday - Friday
10 a.m. - 9:30 p.m.
Saturday
10 a.m. - 9 p.m.
Sunday
1 1 a.m. - 7 p.m.
Discover
a collection of jeans,
modem
activewear, shirts,
tops and accessories
for men
and
women
that's
all-American in spirit,
pure Polo in style.
New Store
Now Open
Valley Fair Mall
Santa Clara, California
(408) 241-9111
%
>v
Store hours
Monday - Friday
10 a.m. - 9:30 p.m.
Saturday
10 a.m. - 9 p.m.
Sunday
1 1 a.m. - 7 p.m.
