# 'Unicorn' Play To Run Again
## 
### 
"The Unicorn, the Gorgon and
the Manticore" will be repeated
at a one-night stand May 18 at
8:30 in Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
The work by Gian - Carlo Me
notti makes fun of faddists who
slavishly adopt the social or lit
erary mode of the moment with
out understanding the Irue mean
ing.
A fanciful combination of me
dieval fable and Renaissance
dance form, "The Unicorn" is pre
sented through modern musical
idiom. Sandor Salgo directs a
chamber orchestra and the Stan
ford Chorale, a 25-voice choir
prepared by Professor Harold C.
Schmidt.
William Davis plays the Poet,
whose successive pets have the
town's haute monde beside ilself.
