# Frosh Nine Wins
## 
### 
Roper Jensen's bat and Terry
Lindeman's pitching paced the
Stanford frosh to an 8-2 victory
over the Santa Clara yearlings
here Saturday.
Jensen rapped out two triples
and a single, and Lindeman lim
ited the Broncs to Ihree hits.
Stanford iced the game with six
runs in the first two innings.
S'ta Clara 000 110 000—2 3 5
Stanford 330 000 02x—8 10 3
Williams and Brown. Linde
man and Simmons.
Roper Jensen's bat and Terry
Lindeman's pitching paced the
Stanford frosh to an 8-2 victory
over the Santa Clara yearlings
here Saturday.
Jensen rapped out two triples
and a single, and Lindeman lim
ited the Broncs to Ihree hits.
Stanford iced the game with six
runs in the first two innings.
S'ta Clara 000 110 000—2 3 5
Stanford 330 000 02x—8 10 3
Williams and Brown. Linde
man and Simmons.
Roper Jensen's bat and Terry
Lindeman's pitching paced the
Stanford frosh to an 8-2 victory
over the Santa Clara yearlings
here Saturday.
Jensen rapped out two triples
and a single, and Lindeman lim
ited the Broncs to Ihree hits.
Stanford iced the game with six
runs in the first two innings.
S'ta Clara 000 110 000—2 3 5
Stanford 330 000 02x—8 10 3
Williams and Brown. Linde
man and Simmons.
Roper Jensen's bat and Terry
Lindeman's pitching paced the
Stanford frosh to an 8-2 victory
over the Santa Clara yearlings
here Saturday.
Jensen rapped out two triples
and a single, and Lindeman lim
ited the Broncs to Ihree hits.
Stanford iced the game with six
runs in the first two innings.
S'ta Clara 000 110 000—2 3 5
Stanford 330 000 02x—8 10 3
Williams and Brown. Linde
man and Simmons.
Roper Jensen's bat and Terry
Lindeman's pitching paced the
Stanford frosh to an 8-2 victory
over the Santa Clara yearlings
here Saturday.
Jensen rapped out two triples
and a single, and Lindeman lim
ited the Broncs to Ihree hits.
Stanford iced the game with six
runs in the first two innings.
S'ta Clara 000 110 000—2 3 5
Stanford 330 000 02x—8 10 3
Williams and Brown. Linde
man and Simmons.
Roper Jensen's bat and Terry
Lindeman's pitching paced the
Stanford frosh to an 8-2 victory
over the Santa Clara yearlings
here Saturday.
Jensen rapped out two triples
and a single, and Lindeman lim
ited the Broncs to Ihree hits.
Stanford iced the game with six
runs in the first two innings.
S'ta Clara 000 110 000—2 3 5
Stanford 330 000 02x—8 10 3
Williams and Brown. Linde
man and Simmons.
Roper Jensen's bat and Terry
Lindeman's pitching paced the
Stanford frosh to an 8-2 victory
over the Santa Clara yearlings
here Saturday.
Jensen rapped out two triples
and a single, and Lindeman lim
ited the Broncs to Ihree hits.
Stanford iced the game with six
runs in the first two innings.
S'ta Clara 000 110 000—2 3 5
Stanford 330 000 02x—8 10 3
Williams and Brown. Linde
man and Simmons.
Roper Jensen's bat and Terry
Lindeman's pitching paced the
Stanford frosh to an 8-2 victory
over the Santa Clara yearlings
here Saturday.
Jensen rapped out two triples
and a single, and Lindeman lim
ited the Broncs to Ihree hits.
Stanford iced the game with six
runs in the first two innings.
S'ta Clara 000 110 000—2 3 5
Stanford 330 000 02x—8 10 3
Williams and Brown. Linde
man and Simmons.
Roper Jensen's bat and Terry
Lindeman's pitching paced the
Stanford frosh to an 8-2 victory
over the Santa Clara yearlings
here Saturday.
Jensen rapped out two triples
and a single, and Lindeman lim
ited the Broncs to Ihree hits.
Stanford iced the game with six
runs in the first two innings.
S'ta Clara 000 110 000—2 3 5
Stanford 330 000 02x—8 10 3
Williams and Brown. Linde
man and Simmons.
Roper Jensen's bat and Terry
Lindeman's pitching paced the
Stanford frosh to an 8-2 victory
over the Santa Clara yearlings
here Saturday.
Jensen rapped out two triples
and a single, and Lindeman lim
ited the Broncs to Ihree hits.
Stanford iced the game with six
runs in the first two innings.
S'ta Clara 000 110 000—2 3 5
Stanford 330 000 02x—8 10 3
Williams and Brown. Linde
man and Simmons.
Roper Jensen's bat and Terry
Lindeman's pitching paced the
Stanford frosh to an 8-2 victory
over the Santa Clara yearlings
here Saturday.
Jensen rapped out two triples
and a single, and Lindeman lim
ited the Broncs to Ihree hits.
Stanford iced the game with six
runs in the first two innings.
S'ta Clara 000 110 000—2 3 5
Stanford 330 000 02x—8 10 3
Williams and Brown. Linde
man and Simmons.
Roper Jensen's bat and Terry
Lindeman's pitching paced the
Stanford frosh to an 8-2 victory
over the Santa Clara yearlings
here Saturday.
Jensen rapped out two triples
and a single, and Lindeman lim
ited the Broncs to Ihree hits.
Stanford iced the game with six
runs in the first two innings.
S'ta Clara 000 110 000—2 3 5
Stanford 330 000 02x—8 10 3
Williams and Brown. Linde
man and Simmons.
Roper Jensen's bat and Terry
Lindeman's pitching paced the
Stanford frosh to an 8-2 victory
over the Santa Clara yearlings
here Saturday.
Jensen rapped out two triples
and a single, and Lindeman lim
ited the Broncs to Ihree hits.
Stanford iced the game with six
runs in the first two innings.
S'ta Clara 000 110 000—2 3 5
Stanford 330 000 02x—8 10 3
Williams and Brown. Linde
man and Simmons.
Roper Jensen's bat and Terry
Lindeman's pitching paced the
Stanford frosh to an 8-2 victory
over the Santa Clara yearlings
here Saturday.
Jensen rapped out two triples
and a single, and Lindeman lim
ited the Broncs to Ihree hits.
Stanford iced the game with six
runs in the first two innings.
S'ta Clara 000 110 000—2 3 5
Stanford 330 000 02x—8 10 3
Williams and Brown. Linde
man and Simmons.
Roper Jensen's bat and Terry
Lindeman's pitching paced the
Stanford frosh to an 8-2 victory
over the Santa Clara yearlings
here Saturday.
Jensen rapped out two triples
and a single, and Lindeman lim
ited the Broncs to Ihree hits.
Stanford iced the game with six
runs in the first two innings.
S'ta Clara 000 110 000—2 3 5
Stanford 330 000 02x—8 10 3
Williams and Brown. Linde
man and Simmons.
Roper Jensen's bat and Terry
Lindeman's pitching paced the
Stanford frosh to an 8-2 victory
over the Santa Clara yearlings
here Saturday.
Jensen rapped out two triples
and a single, and Lindeman lim
ited the Broncs to Ihree hits.
Stanford iced the game with six
runs in the first two innings.
S'ta Clara 000 110 000—2 3 5
Stanford 330 000 02x—8 10 3
Williams and Brown. Linde
man and Simmons.
Roper Jensen's bat and Terry
Lindeman's pitching paced the
Stanford frosh to an 8-2 victory
over the Santa Clara yearlings
here Saturday.
Jensen rapped out two triples
and a single, and Lindeman lim
ited the Broncs to Ihree hits.
Stanford iced the game with six
runs in the first two innings.
S'ta Clara 000 110 000—2 3 5
Stanford 330 000 02x—8 10 3
Williams and Brown. Linde
man and Simmons.
