# End of Hearings Predicted On $2 Billion Works Bill
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (JP) — Pros
pects improved yesterday for
House action within the next 30
days on atni-recession proposals
for a $2 billion public works pro
gram.
Representative Brent Spence
(D.-Ky.), chairman of the House
Banking Committee, said he ex
pects to wind up lengthy hearings
and start closed - door sessions
May 29 on drafting legislation
for House conisderation.

The committee will also take
windup action on other anti-reces
sion proposals — federal assist
ance to depressed communities
with chronic unemployment, and
ways to provide easier financing
for small business.
For a month the Banking Com
mittee has been hearing witnesses
on economic and unemployment
problems, and still has a couple
of weeks to go.
The Senate already has passed
a bill providing for $1 billion of
federal loans for this purpose.
WASHINGTON (JP) — Pros
pects improved yesterday for
House action within the next 30
days on atni-recession proposals
for a $2 billion public works pro
gram.
Representative Brent Spence
(D.-Ky.), chairman of the House
Banking Committee, said he ex
pects to wind up lengthy hearings
and start closed - door sessions
May 29 on drafting legislation
for House conisderation.

The committee will also take
windup action on other anti-reces
sion proposals — federal assist
ance to depressed communities
with chronic unemployment, and
ways to provide easier financing
for small business.
For a month the Banking Com
mittee has been hearing witnesses
on economic and unemployment
problems, and still has a couple
of weeks to go.
The Senate already has passed
a bill providing for $1 billion of
federal loans for this purpose.
WASHINGTON (JP) — Pros
pects improved yesterday for
House action within the next 30
days on atni-recession proposals
for a $2 billion public works pro
gram.
Representative Brent Spence
(D.-Ky.), chairman of the House
Banking Committee, said he ex
pects to wind up lengthy hearings
and start closed - door sessions
May 29 on drafting legislation
for House conisderation.

The committee will also take
windup action on other anti-reces
sion proposals — federal assist
ance to depressed communities
with chronic unemployment, and
ways to provide easier financing
for small business.
For a month the Banking Com
mittee has been hearing witnesses
on economic and unemployment
problems, and still has a couple
of weeks to go.
The Senate already has passed
a bill providing for $1 billion of
federal loans for this purpose.
WASHINGTON (JP) — Pros
pects improved yesterday for
House action within the next 30
days on atni-recession proposals
for a $2 billion public works pro
gram.
Representative Brent Spence
(D.-Ky.), chairman of the House
Banking Committee, said he ex
pects to wind up lengthy hearings
and start closed - door sessions
May 29 on drafting legislation
for House conisderation.

The committee will also take
windup action on other anti-reces
sion proposals — federal assist
ance to depressed communities
with chronic unemployment, and
ways to provide easier financing
for small business.
For a month the Banking Com
mittee has been hearing witnesses
on economic and unemployment
problems, and still has a couple
of weeks to go.
The Senate already has passed
a bill providing for $1 billion of
federal loans for this purpose.
WASHINGTON (JP) — Pros
pects improved yesterday for
House action within the next 30
days on atni-recession proposals
for a $2 billion public works pro
gram.
Representative Brent Spence
(D.-Ky.), chairman of the House
Banking Committee, said he ex
pects to wind up lengthy hearings
and start closed - door sessions
May 29 on drafting legislation
for House conisderation.

The committee will also take
windup action on other anti-reces
sion proposals — federal assist
ance to depressed communities
with chronic unemployment, and
ways to provide easier financing
for small business.
For a month the Banking Com
mittee has been hearing witnesses
on economic and unemployment
problems, and still has a couple
of weeks to go.
The Senate already has passed
a bill providing for $1 billion of
federal loans for this purpose.
WASHINGTON (JP) — Pros
pects improved yesterday for
House action within the next 30
days on atni-recession proposals
for a $2 billion public works pro
gram.
Representative Brent Spence
(D.-Ky.), chairman of the House
Banking Committee, said he ex
pects to wind up lengthy hearings
and start closed - door sessions
May 29 on drafting legislation
for House conisderation.

The committee will also take
windup action on other anti-reces
sion proposals — federal assist
ance to depressed communities
with chronic unemployment, and
ways to provide easier financing
for small business.
For a month the Banking Com
mittee has been hearing witnesses
on economic and unemployment
problems, and still has a couple
of weeks to go.
The Senate already has passed
a bill providing for $1 billion of
federal loans for this purpose.
WASHINGTON (JP) — Pros
pects improved yesterday for
House action within the next 30
days on atni-recession proposals
for a $2 billion public works pro
gram.
Representative Brent Spence
(D.-Ky.), chairman of the House
Banking Committee, said he ex
pects to wind up lengthy hearings
and start closed - door sessions
May 29 on drafting legislation
for House conisderation.

The committee will also take
windup action on other anti-reces
sion proposals — federal assist
ance to depressed communities
with chronic unemployment, and
ways to provide easier financing
for small business.
For a month the Banking Com
mittee has been hearing witnesses
on economic and unemployment
problems, and still has a couple
of weeks to go.
The Senate already has passed
a bill providing for $1 billion of
federal loans for this purpose.
WASHINGTON (JP) — Pros
pects improved yesterday for
House action within the next 30
days on atni-recession proposals
for a $2 billion public works pro
gram.
Representative Brent Spence
(D.-Ky.), chairman of the House
Banking Committee, said he ex
pects to wind up lengthy hearings
and start closed - door sessions
May 29 on drafting legislation
for House conisderation.

The committee will also take
windup action on other anti-reces
sion proposals — federal assist
ance to depressed communities
with chronic unemployment, and
ways to provide easier financing
for small business.
For a month the Banking Com
mittee has been hearing witnesses
on economic and unemployment
problems, and still has a couple
of weeks to go.
The Senate already has passed
a bill providing for $1 billion of
federal loans for this purpose.
WASHINGTON (JP) — Pros
pects improved yesterday for
House action within the next 30
days on atni-recession proposals
for a $2 billion public works pro
gram.
Representative Brent Spence
(D.-Ky.), chairman of the House
Banking Committee, said he ex
pects to wind up lengthy hearings
and start closed - door sessions
May 29 on drafting legislation
for House conisderation.

The committee will also take
windup action on other anti-reces
sion proposals — federal assist
ance to depressed communities
with chronic unemployment, and
ways to provide easier financing
for small business.
For a month the Banking Com
mittee has been hearing witnesses
on economic and unemployment
problems, and still has a couple
of weeks to go.
The Senate already has passed
a bill providing for $1 billion of
federal loans for this purpose.
WASHINGTON (JP) — Pros
pects improved yesterday for
House action within the next 30
days on atni-recession proposals
for a $2 billion public works pro
gram.
Representative Brent Spence
(D.-Ky.), chairman of the House
Banking Committee, said he ex
pects to wind up lengthy hearings
and start closed - door sessions
May 29 on drafting legislation
for House conisderation.

The committee will also take
windup action on other anti-reces
sion proposals — federal assist
ance to depressed communities
with chronic unemployment, and
ways to provide easier financing
for small business.
For a month the Banking Com
mittee has been hearing witnesses
on economic and unemployment
problems, and still has a couple
of weeks to go.
The Senate already has passed
a bill providing for $1 billion of
federal loans for this purpose.
WASHINGTON (JP) — Pros
pects improved yesterday for
House action within the next 30
days on atni-recession proposals
for a $2 billion public works pro
gram.
Representative Brent Spence
(D.-Ky.), chairman of the House
Banking Committee, said he ex
pects to wind up lengthy hearings
and start closed - door sessions
May 29 on drafting legislation
for House conisderation.

The committee will also take
windup action on other anti-reces
sion proposals — federal assist
ance to depressed communities
with chronic unemployment, and
ways to provide easier financing
for small business.
For a month the Banking Com
mittee has been hearing witnesses
on economic and unemployment
problems, and still has a couple
of weeks to go.
The Senate already has passed
a bill providing for $1 billion of
federal loans for this purpose.
WASHINGTON (JP) — Pros
pects improved yesterday for
House action within the next 30
days on atni-recession proposals
for a $2 billion public works pro
gram.
Representative Brent Spence
(D.-Ky.), chairman of the House
Banking Committee, said he ex
pects to wind up lengthy hearings
and start closed - door sessions
May 29 on drafting legislation
for House conisderation.

The committee will also take
windup action on other anti-reces
sion proposals — federal assist
ance to depressed communities
with chronic unemployment, and
ways to provide easier financing
for small business.
For a month the Banking Com
mittee has been hearing witnesses
on economic and unemployment
problems, and still has a couple
of weeks to go.
The Senate already has passed
a bill providing for $1 billion of
federal loans for this purpose.
WASHINGTON (JP) — Pros
pects improved yesterday for
House action within the next 30
days on atni-recession proposals
for a $2 billion public works pro
gram.
Representative Brent Spence
(D.-Ky.), chairman of the House
Banking Committee, said he ex
pects to wind up lengthy hearings
and start closed - door sessions
May 29 on drafting legislation
for House conisderation.

The committee will also take
windup action on other anti-reces
sion proposals — federal assist
ance to depressed communities
with chronic unemployment, and
ways to provide easier financing
for small business.
For a month the Banking Com
mittee has been hearing witnesses
on economic and unemployment
problems, and still has a couple
of weeks to go.
The Senate already has passed
a bill providing for $1 billion of
federal loans for this purpose.
WASHINGTON (JP) — Pros
pects improved yesterday for
House action within the next 30
days on atni-recession proposals
for a $2 billion public works pro
gram.
Representative Brent Spence
(D.-Ky.), chairman of the House
Banking Committee, said he ex
pects to wind up lengthy hearings
and start closed - door sessions
May 29 on drafting legislation
for House conisderation.

The committee will also take
windup action on other anti-reces
sion proposals — federal assist
ance to depressed communities
with chronic unemployment, and
ways to provide easier financing
for small business.
For a month the Banking Com
mittee has been hearing witnesses
on economic and unemployment
problems, and still has a couple
of weeks to go.
The Senate already has passed
a bill providing for $1 billion of
federal loans for this purpose.
WASHINGTON (JP) — Pros
pects improved yesterday for
House action within the next 30
days on atni-recession proposals
for a $2 billion public works pro
gram.
Representative Brent Spence
(D.-Ky.), chairman of the House
Banking Committee, said he ex
pects to wind up lengthy hearings
and start closed - door sessions
May 29 on drafting legislation
for House conisderation.

The committee will also take
windup action on other anti-reces
sion proposals — federal assist
ance to depressed communities
with chronic unemployment, and
ways to provide easier financing
for small business.
For a month the Banking Com
mittee has been hearing witnesses
on economic and unemployment
problems, and still has a couple
of weeks to go.
The Senate already has passed
a bill providing for $1 billion of
federal loans for this purpose.
WASHINGTON (JP) — Pros
pects improved yesterday for
House action within the next 30
days on atni-recession proposals
for a $2 billion public works pro
gram.
Representative Brent Spence
(D.-Ky.), chairman of the House
Banking Committee, said he ex
pects to wind up lengthy hearings
and start closed - door sessions
May 29 on drafting legislation
for House conisderation.

The committee will also take
windup action on other anti-reces
sion proposals — federal assist
ance to depressed communities
with chronic unemployment, and
ways to provide easier financing
for small business.
For a month the Banking Com
mittee has been hearing witnesses
on economic and unemployment
problems, and still has a couple
of weeks to go.
The Senate already has passed
a bill providing for $1 billion of
federal loans for this purpose.
WASHINGTON (JP) — Pros
pects improved yesterday for
House action within the next 30
days on atni-recession proposals
for a $2 billion public works pro
gram.
Representative Brent Spence
(D.-Ky.), chairman of the House
Banking Committee, said he ex
pects to wind up lengthy hearings
and start closed - door sessions
May 29 on drafting legislation
for House conisderation.

The committee will also take
windup action on other anti-reces
sion proposals — federal assist
ance to depressed communities
with chronic unemployment, and
ways to provide easier financing
for small business.
For a month the Banking Com
mittee has been hearing witnesses
on economic and unemployment
problems, and still has a couple
of weeks to go.
The Senate already has passed
a bill providing for $1 billion of
federal loans for this purpose.
