# MOOT COURT CHAIRMAN
## 
### 
Michael J. Keady was recently
named as the new chairman of
the Law School's Moot Court
Board.
Michael J. Keady was recently
named as the new chairman of
the Law School's Moot Court
Board.
Michael J. Keady was recently
named as the new chairman of
the Law School's Moot Court
Board.
Michael J. Keady was recently
named as the new chairman of
the Law School's Moot Court
Board.
Michael J. Keady was recently
named as the new chairman of
the Law School's Moot Court
Board.
Michael J. Keady was recently
named as the new chairman of
the Law School's Moot Court
Board.
Michael J. Keady was recently
named as the new chairman of
the Law School's Moot Court
Board.
Michael J. Keady was recently
named as the new chairman of
the Law School's Moot Court
Board.
Michael J. Keady was recently
named as the new chairman of
the Law School's Moot Court
Board.
Michael J. Keady was recently
named as the new chairman of
the Law School's Moot Court
Board.
Michael J. Keady was recently
named as the new chairman of
the Law School's Moot Court
Board.
Michael J. Keady was recently
named as the new chairman of
the Law School's Moot Court
Board.
Michael J. Keady was recently
named as the new chairman of
the Law School's Moot Court
Board.
Michael J. Keady was recently
named as the new chairman of
the Law School's Moot Court
Board.
Michael J. Keady was recently
named as the new chairman of
the Law School's Moot Court
Board.
Michael J. Keady was recently
named as the new chairman of
the Law School's Moot Court
Board.
Michael J. Keady was recently
named as the new chairman of
the Law School's Moot Court
Board.
