# 'I' Club to Show Three Israel Films
## 
### 
The"I" Club will show three
Israeli films at 8 tonight in Bow
man Alumni House.
The movies are "The Desert of
Zir," a description of the last ar
chaeological discoveries of Dr.
Nelson Gleuck; "Beit Haarava,"
about the reclamation project of
saline soils near the Dead Sea;
and "Lakhish," story of the set
tlement project and land develop
ment in the Negev.
The"I" Club will show three
Israeli films at 8 tonight in Bow
man Alumni House.
The movies are "The Desert of
Zir," a description of the last ar
chaeological discoveries of Dr.
Nelson Gleuck; "Beit Haarava,"
about the reclamation project of
saline soils near the Dead Sea;
and "Lakhish," story of the set
tlement project and land develop
ment in the Negev.
The"I" Club will show three
Israeli films at 8 tonight in Bow
man Alumni House.
The movies are "The Desert of
Zir," a description of the last ar
chaeological discoveries of Dr.
Nelson Gleuck; "Beit Haarava,"
about the reclamation project of
saline soils near the Dead Sea;
and "Lakhish," story of the set
tlement project and land develop
ment in the Negev.
The"I" Club will show three
Israeli films at 8 tonight in Bow
man Alumni House.
The movies are "The Desert of
Zir," a description of the last ar
chaeological discoveries of Dr.
Nelson Gleuck; "Beit Haarava,"
about the reclamation project of
saline soils near the Dead Sea;
and "Lakhish," story of the set
tlement project and land develop
ment in the Negev.
The"I" Club will show three
Israeli films at 8 tonight in Bow
man Alumni House.
The movies are "The Desert of
Zir," a description of the last ar
chaeological discoveries of Dr.
Nelson Gleuck; "Beit Haarava,"
about the reclamation project of
saline soils near the Dead Sea;
and "Lakhish," story of the set
tlement project and land develop
ment in the Negev.
The"I" Club will show three
Israeli films at 8 tonight in Bow
man Alumni House.
The movies are "The Desert of
Zir," a description of the last ar
chaeological discoveries of Dr.
Nelson Gleuck; "Beit Haarava,"
about the reclamation project of
saline soils near the Dead Sea;
and "Lakhish," story of the set
tlement project and land develop
ment in the Negev.
The"I" Club will show three
Israeli films at 8 tonight in Bow
man Alumni House.
The movies are "The Desert of
Zir," a description of the last ar
chaeological discoveries of Dr.
Nelson Gleuck; "Beit Haarava,"
about the reclamation project of
saline soils near the Dead Sea;
and "Lakhish," story of the set
tlement project and land develop
ment in the Negev.
The"I" Club will show three
Israeli films at 8 tonight in Bow
man Alumni House.
The movies are "The Desert of
Zir," a description of the last ar
chaeological discoveries of Dr.
Nelson Gleuck; "Beit Haarava,"
about the reclamation project of
saline soils near the Dead Sea;
and "Lakhish," story of the set
tlement project and land develop
ment in the Negev.
The"I" Club will show three
Israeli films at 8 tonight in Bow
man Alumni House.
The movies are "The Desert of
Zir," a description of the last ar
chaeological discoveries of Dr.
Nelson Gleuck; "Beit Haarava,"
about the reclamation project of
saline soils near the Dead Sea;
and "Lakhish," story of the set
tlement project and land develop
ment in the Negev.
The"I" Club will show three
Israeli films at 8 tonight in Bow
man Alumni House.
The movies are "The Desert of
Zir," a description of the last ar
chaeological discoveries of Dr.
Nelson Gleuck; "Beit Haarava,"
about the reclamation project of
saline soils near the Dead Sea;
and "Lakhish," story of the set
tlement project and land develop
ment in the Negev.
The"I" Club will show three
Israeli films at 8 tonight in Bow
man Alumni House.
The movies are "The Desert of
Zir," a description of the last ar
chaeological discoveries of Dr.
Nelson Gleuck; "Beit Haarava,"
about the reclamation project of
saline soils near the Dead Sea;
and "Lakhish," story of the set
tlement project and land develop
ment in the Negev.
The"I" Club will show three
Israeli films at 8 tonight in Bow
man Alumni House.
The movies are "The Desert of
Zir," a description of the last ar
chaeological discoveries of Dr.
Nelson Gleuck; "Beit Haarava,"
about the reclamation project of
saline soils near the Dead Sea;
and "Lakhish," story of the set
tlement project and land develop
ment in the Negev.
The"I" Club will show three
Israeli films at 8 tonight in Bow
man Alumni House.
The movies are "The Desert of
Zir," a description of the last ar
chaeological discoveries of Dr.
Nelson Gleuck; "Beit Haarava,"
about the reclamation project of
saline soils near the Dead Sea;
and "Lakhish," story of the set
tlement project and land develop
ment in the Negev.
The"I" Club will show three
Israeli films at 8 tonight in Bow
man Alumni House.
The movies are "The Desert of
Zir," a description of the last ar
chaeological discoveries of Dr.
Nelson Gleuck; "Beit Haarava,"
about the reclamation project of
saline soils near the Dead Sea;
and "Lakhish," story of the set
tlement project and land develop
ment in the Negev.
The"I" Club will show three
Israeli films at 8 tonight in Bow
man Alumni House.
The movies are "The Desert of
Zir," a description of the last ar
chaeological discoveries of Dr.
Nelson Gleuck; "Beit Haarava,"
about the reclamation project of
saline soils near the Dead Sea;
and "Lakhish," story of the set
tlement project and land develop
ment in the Negev.
The"I" Club will show three
Israeli films at 8 tonight in Bow
man Alumni House.
The movies are "The Desert of
Zir," a description of the last ar
chaeological discoveries of Dr.
Nelson Gleuck; "Beit Haarava,"
about the reclamation project of
saline soils near the Dead Sea;
and "Lakhish," story of the set
tlement project and land develop
ment in the Negev.
The"I" Club will show three
Israeli films at 8 tonight in Bow
man Alumni House.
The movies are "The Desert of
Zir," a description of the last ar
chaeological discoveries of Dr.
Nelson Gleuck; "Beit Haarava,"
about the reclamation project of
saline soils near the Dead Sea;
and "Lakhish," story of the set
tlement project and land develop
ment in the Negev.
