# PLANS FOR BENEFIT WILL BE PRESENTED
## 
### 
Plans for the annual benefit for the
Stanford Convalescent Home at the
Menlo Park Circus Club will be pre
sented at tile meeting today of. the
Auxiliary board. Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins, in the absence of the chairman,

Mrs. A. G. C. Halm, will preside at
the session which is to be held in
Palo Alto. The production, "Midsum
mer Night's Dream," to be given Au
gust 23, will be discussed in every
detail.
Dramatic students of Stanford Uni
versity and members of the Bohemian
and Family clubs will assist in the
preparation of the play itself and of
necessary technical equipment.
The following are the board mem
bers: Mesdanies Newell H. Bullock,
H. B. Fisher, Frank E. Buck, Ida
Wehner, Robert Moore, George B. Cul
ver, James G. Sharp, Charles Bran
ston, Harold K. Faber, George S.
Forderer, Delaney Lewis, Ira S, Lil
lick, Richard Lockey, Douglas Me-
Bryde, W. L. Morrison, Emma Roseit
baum, A. E. Roth, W. 15. Weir, Freder
ick A. Wickett, Eli Wiel, George Lent,
Samuel Pond, E. M. Mills, Samuel
Eastman, Payson J. Treat, Stewart P.
Elliott, John G. Sutton, and Francis
Stent. N
