# CARDINAL APPOINTMENTS
## 
### 
Excommittee last night approved
the appointment of Joan McDonough
and Milton Levy to Cardinals.
Excommittee last night approved
the appointment of Joan McDonough
and Milton Levy to Cardinals.
Excommittee last night approved
the appointment of Joan McDonough
and Milton Levy to Cardinals.
Excommittee last night approved
the appointment of Joan McDonough
and Milton Levy to Cardinals.
Excommittee last night approved
the appointment of Joan McDonough
and Milton Levy to Cardinals.
Excommittee last night approved
the appointment of Joan McDonough
and Milton Levy to Cardinals.
Excommittee last night approved
the appointment of Joan McDonough
and Milton Levy to Cardinals.
Excommittee last night approved
the appointment of Joan McDonough
and Milton Levy to Cardinals.
Excommittee last night approved
the appointment of Joan McDonough
and Milton Levy to Cardinals.
Excommittee last night approved
the appointment of Joan McDonough
and Milton Levy to Cardinals.
Excommittee last night approved
the appointment of Joan McDonough
and Milton Levy to Cardinals.
Excommittee last night approved
the appointment of Joan McDonough
and Milton Levy to Cardinals.
Excommittee last night approved
the appointment of Joan McDonough
and Milton Levy to Cardinals.
Excommittee last night approved
the appointment of Joan McDonough
and Milton Levy to Cardinals.
Excommittee last night approved
the appointment of Joan McDonough
and Milton Levy to Cardinals.
Excommittee last night approved
the appointment of Joan McDonough
and Milton Levy to Cardinals.
