# Gifts for GI's Must Be in Today
## 
### 
Today is Stanford students' last
chance to contribute books, records
and record albums for hospitalized
serviecmen in the Bay region, co
chairmen Sallie Van Dyke and Jane
Reynolds announced as "Gifts for
G.l.'s" week neared completion.
All gifts donated by University
residences or individual contributors
will be welcomed if they are new or
in good condition, the co-chairmen
added.
"Best of all will be the books or
records you prize the most," the
chairmen said.
Today is Stanford students' last
chance to contribute books, records
and record albums for hospitalized
serviecmen in the Bay region, co
chairmen Sallie Van Dyke and Jane
Reynolds announced as "Gifts for
G.l.'s" week neared completion.
All gifts donated by University
residences or individual contributors
will be welcomed if they are new or
in good condition, the co-chairmen
added.
"Best of all will be the books or
records you prize the most," the
chairmen said.
Today is Stanford students' last
chance to contribute books, records
and record albums for hospitalized
serviecmen in the Bay region, co
chairmen Sallie Van Dyke and Jane
Reynolds announced as "Gifts for
G.l.'s" week neared completion.
All gifts donated by University
residences or individual contributors
will be welcomed if they are new or
in good condition, the co-chairmen
added.
"Best of all will be the books or
records you prize the most," the
chairmen said.
Today is Stanford students' last
chance to contribute books, records
and record albums for hospitalized
serviecmen in the Bay region, co
chairmen Sallie Van Dyke and Jane
Reynolds announced as "Gifts for
G.l.'s" week neared completion.
All gifts donated by University
residences or individual contributors
will be welcomed if they are new or
in good condition, the co-chairmen
added.
"Best of all will be the books or
records you prize the most," the
chairmen said.
Today is Stanford students' last
chance to contribute books, records
and record albums for hospitalized
serviecmen in the Bay region, co
chairmen Sallie Van Dyke and Jane
Reynolds announced as "Gifts for
G.l.'s" week neared completion.
All gifts donated by University
residences or individual contributors
will be welcomed if they are new or
in good condition, the co-chairmen
added.
"Best of all will be the books or
records you prize the most," the
chairmen said.
Today is Stanford students' last
chance to contribute books, records
and record albums for hospitalized
serviecmen in the Bay region, co
chairmen Sallie Van Dyke and Jane
Reynolds announced as "Gifts for
G.l.'s" week neared completion.
All gifts donated by University
residences or individual contributors
will be welcomed if they are new or
in good condition, the co-chairmen
added.
"Best of all will be the books or
records you prize the most," the
chairmen said.
Today is Stanford students' last
chance to contribute books, records
and record albums for hospitalized
serviecmen in the Bay region, co
chairmen Sallie Van Dyke and Jane
Reynolds announced as "Gifts for
G.l.'s" week neared completion.
All gifts donated by University
residences or individual contributors
will be welcomed if they are new or
in good condition, the co-chairmen
added.
"Best of all will be the books or
records you prize the most," the
chairmen said.
Today is Stanford students' last
chance to contribute books, records
and record albums for hospitalized
serviecmen in the Bay region, co
chairmen Sallie Van Dyke and Jane
Reynolds announced as "Gifts for
G.l.'s" week neared completion.
All gifts donated by University
residences or individual contributors
will be welcomed if they are new or
in good condition, the co-chairmen
added.
"Best of all will be the books or
records you prize the most," the
chairmen said.
Today is Stanford students' last
chance to contribute books, records
and record albums for hospitalized
serviecmen in the Bay region, co
chairmen Sallie Van Dyke and Jane
Reynolds announced as "Gifts for
G.l.'s" week neared completion.
All gifts donated by University
residences or individual contributors
will be welcomed if they are new or
in good condition, the co-chairmen
added.
"Best of all will be the books or
records you prize the most," the
chairmen said.
Today is Stanford students' last
chance to contribute books, records
and record albums for hospitalized
serviecmen in the Bay region, co
chairmen Sallie Van Dyke and Jane
Reynolds announced as "Gifts for
G.l.'s" week neared completion.
All gifts donated by University
residences or individual contributors
will be welcomed if they are new or
in good condition, the co-chairmen
added.
"Best of all will be the books or
records you prize the most," the
chairmen said.
Today is Stanford students' last
chance to contribute books, records
and record albums for hospitalized
serviecmen in the Bay region, co
chairmen Sallie Van Dyke and Jane
Reynolds announced as "Gifts for
G.l.'s" week neared completion.
All gifts donated by University
residences or individual contributors
will be welcomed if they are new or
in good condition, the co-chairmen
added.
"Best of all will be the books or
records you prize the most," the
chairmen said.
Today is Stanford students' last
chance to contribute books, records
and record albums for hospitalized
serviecmen in the Bay region, co
chairmen Sallie Van Dyke and Jane
Reynolds announced as "Gifts for
G.l.'s" week neared completion.
All gifts donated by University
residences or individual contributors
will be welcomed if they are new or
in good condition, the co-chairmen
added.
"Best of all will be the books or
records you prize the most," the
chairmen said.
Today is Stanford students' last
chance to contribute books, records
and record albums for hospitalized
serviecmen in the Bay region, co
chairmen Sallie Van Dyke and Jane
Reynolds announced as "Gifts for
G.l.'s" week neared completion.
All gifts donated by University
residences or individual contributors
will be welcomed if they are new or
in good condition, the co-chairmen
added.
"Best of all will be the books or
records you prize the most," the
chairmen said.
Today is Stanford students' last
chance to contribute books, records
and record albums for hospitalized
serviecmen in the Bay region, co
chairmen Sallie Van Dyke and Jane
Reynolds announced as "Gifts for
G.l.'s" week neared completion.
All gifts donated by University
residences or individual contributors
will be welcomed if they are new or
in good condition, the co-chairmen
added.
"Best of all will be the books or
records you prize the most," the
chairmen said.
Today is Stanford students' last
chance to contribute books, records
and record albums for hospitalized
serviecmen in the Bay region, co
chairmen Sallie Van Dyke and Jane
Reynolds announced as "Gifts for
G.l.'s" week neared completion.
All gifts donated by University
residences or individual contributors
will be welcomed if they are new or
in good condition, the co-chairmen
added.
"Best of all will be the books or
records you prize the most," the
chairmen said.
Today is Stanford students' last
chance to contribute books, records
and record albums for hospitalized
serviecmen in the Bay region, co
chairmen Sallie Van Dyke and Jane
Reynolds announced as "Gifts for
G.l.'s" week neared completion.
All gifts donated by University
residences or individual contributors
will be welcomed if they are new or
in good condition, the co-chairmen
added.
"Best of all will be the books or
records you prize the most," the
chairmen said.
