# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Miss Anne Palmer, assistant to the
director of dining halls, who has
been in charge of the Cellar at Stan
lord for the past year and a half,
was married on November 28 to Lt.
(j.g.) Edward B. Bowden, USNR.
Before coming to Stanford Miss
Palmer was Navy dietitian at De-
Pauw University. Lt. Bowden was
an instructor in business administra
tion at Bethany College, West Vir
ginia.
Miss Anne Palmer, assistant to the
director of dining halls, who has
been in charge of the Cellar at Stan
lord for the past year and a half,
was married on November 28 to Lt.
(j.g.) Edward B. Bowden, USNR.
Before coming to Stanford Miss
Palmer was Navy dietitian at De-
Pauw University. Lt. Bowden was
an instructor in business administra
tion at Bethany College, West Vir
ginia.
Miss Anne Palmer, assistant to the
director of dining halls, who has
been in charge of the Cellar at Stan
lord for the past year and a half,
was married on November 28 to Lt.
(j.g.) Edward B. Bowden, USNR.
Before coming to Stanford Miss
Palmer was Navy dietitian at De-
Pauw University. Lt. Bowden was
an instructor in business administra
tion at Bethany College, West Vir
ginia.
Miss Anne Palmer, assistant to the
director of dining halls, who has
been in charge of the Cellar at Stan
lord for the past year and a half,
was married on November 28 to Lt.
(j.g.) Edward B. Bowden, USNR.
Before coming to Stanford Miss
Palmer was Navy dietitian at De-
Pauw University. Lt. Bowden was
an instructor in business administra
tion at Bethany College, West Vir
ginia.
Miss Anne Palmer, assistant to the
director of dining halls, who has
been in charge of the Cellar at Stan
lord for the past year and a half,
was married on November 28 to Lt.
(j.g.) Edward B. Bowden, USNR.
Before coming to Stanford Miss
Palmer was Navy dietitian at De-
Pauw University. Lt. Bowden was
an instructor in business administra
tion at Bethany College, West Vir
ginia.
Miss Anne Palmer, assistant to the
director of dining halls, who has
been in charge of the Cellar at Stan
lord for the past year and a half,
was married on November 28 to Lt.
(j.g.) Edward B. Bowden, USNR.
Before coming to Stanford Miss
Palmer was Navy dietitian at De-
Pauw University. Lt. Bowden was
an instructor in business administra
tion at Bethany College, West Vir
ginia.
Miss Anne Palmer, assistant to the
director of dining halls, who has
been in charge of the Cellar at Stan
lord for the past year and a half,
was married on November 28 to Lt.
(j.g.) Edward B. Bowden, USNR.
Before coming to Stanford Miss
Palmer was Navy dietitian at De-
Pauw University. Lt. Bowden was
an instructor in business administra
tion at Bethany College, West Vir
ginia.
Miss Anne Palmer, assistant to the
director of dining halls, who has
been in charge of the Cellar at Stan
lord for the past year and a half,
was married on November 28 to Lt.
(j.g.) Edward B. Bowden, USNR.
Before coming to Stanford Miss
Palmer was Navy dietitian at De-
Pauw University. Lt. Bowden was
an instructor in business administra
tion at Bethany College, West Vir
ginia.
Miss Anne Palmer, assistant to the
director of dining halls, who has
been in charge of the Cellar at Stan
lord for the past year and a half,
was married on November 28 to Lt.
(j.g.) Edward B. Bowden, USNR.
Before coming to Stanford Miss
Palmer was Navy dietitian at De-
Pauw University. Lt. Bowden was
an instructor in business administra
tion at Bethany College, West Vir
ginia.
Miss Anne Palmer, assistant to the
director of dining halls, who has
been in charge of the Cellar at Stan
lord for the past year and a half,
was married on November 28 to Lt.
(j.g.) Edward B. Bowden, USNR.
Before coming to Stanford Miss
Palmer was Navy dietitian at De-
Pauw University. Lt. Bowden was
an instructor in business administra
tion at Bethany College, West Vir
ginia.
Miss Anne Palmer, assistant to the
director of dining halls, who has
been in charge of the Cellar at Stan
lord for the past year and a half,
was married on November 28 to Lt.
(j.g.) Edward B. Bowden, USNR.
Before coming to Stanford Miss
Palmer was Navy dietitian at De-
Pauw University. Lt. Bowden was
an instructor in business administra
tion at Bethany College, West Vir
ginia.
Miss Anne Palmer, assistant to the
director of dining halls, who has
been in charge of the Cellar at Stan
lord for the past year and a half,
was married on November 28 to Lt.
(j.g.) Edward B. Bowden, USNR.
Before coming to Stanford Miss
Palmer was Navy dietitian at De-
Pauw University. Lt. Bowden was
an instructor in business administra
tion at Bethany College, West Vir
ginia.
Miss Anne Palmer, assistant to the
director of dining halls, who has
been in charge of the Cellar at Stan
lord for the past year and a half,
was married on November 28 to Lt.
(j.g.) Edward B. Bowden, USNR.
Before coming to Stanford Miss
Palmer was Navy dietitian at De-
Pauw University. Lt. Bowden was
an instructor in business administra
tion at Bethany College, West Vir
ginia.
Miss Anne Palmer, assistant to the
director of dining halls, who has
been in charge of the Cellar at Stan
lord for the past year and a half,
was married on November 28 to Lt.
(j.g.) Edward B. Bowden, USNR.
Before coming to Stanford Miss
Palmer was Navy dietitian at De-
Pauw University. Lt. Bowden was
an instructor in business administra
tion at Bethany College, West Vir
ginia.
Miss Anne Palmer, assistant to the
director of dining halls, who has
been in charge of the Cellar at Stan
lord for the past year and a half,
was married on November 28 to Lt.
(j.g.) Edward B. Bowden, USNR.
Before coming to Stanford Miss
Palmer was Navy dietitian at De-
Pauw University. Lt. Bowden was
an instructor in business administra
tion at Bethany College, West Vir
ginia.
Miss Anne Palmer, assistant to the
director of dining halls, who has
been in charge of the Cellar at Stan
lord for the past year and a half,
was married on November 28 to Lt.
(j.g.) Edward B. Bowden, USNR.
Before coming to Stanford Miss
Palmer was Navy dietitian at De-
Pauw University. Lt. Bowden was
an instructor in business administra
tion at Bethany College, West Vir
ginia.
