# Tryouts
## 
### 
OI'EKA AUDITIONS
Tryouts will be held today for
five baritone and five bass posi
tions in the Stanford Chorale.
Anyone interested is requested to
call Professor Harold C. Schmidt
at the Knoll, DA 3*6731, or see
him at Dinkelspiel Auditorium
today between 11:30 a.m. and 1
p.m.
OI'EKA AUDITIONS
Tryouts will be held today for
five baritone and five bass posi
tions in the Stanford Chorale.
Anyone interested is requested to
call Professor Harold C. Schmidt
at the Knoll, DA 3*6731, or see
him at Dinkelspiel Auditorium
today between 11:30 a.m. and 1
p.m.
OI'EKA AUDITIONS
Tryouts will be held today for
five baritone and five bass posi
tions in the Stanford Chorale.
Anyone interested is requested to
call Professor Harold C. Schmidt
at the Knoll, DA 3*6731, or see
him at Dinkelspiel Auditorium
today between 11:30 a.m. and 1
p.m.
OI'EKA AUDITIONS
Tryouts will be held today for
five baritone and five bass posi
tions in the Stanford Chorale.
Anyone interested is requested to
call Professor Harold C. Schmidt
at the Knoll, DA 3*6731, or see
him at Dinkelspiel Auditorium
today between 11:30 a.m. and 1
p.m.
OI'EKA AUDITIONS
Tryouts will be held today for
five baritone and five bass posi
tions in the Stanford Chorale.
Anyone interested is requested to
call Professor Harold C. Schmidt
at the Knoll, DA 3*6731, or see
him at Dinkelspiel Auditorium
today between 11:30 a.m. and 1
p.m.
OI'EKA AUDITIONS
Tryouts will be held today for
five baritone and five bass posi
tions in the Stanford Chorale.
Anyone interested is requested to
call Professor Harold C. Schmidt
at the Knoll, DA 3*6731, or see
him at Dinkelspiel Auditorium
today between 11:30 a.m. and 1
p.m.
OI'EKA AUDITIONS
Tryouts will be held today for
five baritone and five bass posi
tions in the Stanford Chorale.
Anyone interested is requested to
call Professor Harold C. Schmidt
at the Knoll, DA 3*6731, or see
him at Dinkelspiel Auditorium
today between 11:30 a.m. and 1
p.m.
OI'EKA AUDITIONS
Tryouts will be held today for
five baritone and five bass posi
tions in the Stanford Chorale.
Anyone interested is requested to
call Professor Harold C. Schmidt
at the Knoll, DA 3*6731, or see
him at Dinkelspiel Auditorium
today between 11:30 a.m. and 1
p.m.
OI'EKA AUDITIONS
Tryouts will be held today for
five baritone and five bass posi
tions in the Stanford Chorale.
Anyone interested is requested to
call Professor Harold C. Schmidt
at the Knoll, DA 3*6731, or see
him at Dinkelspiel Auditorium
today between 11:30 a.m. and 1
p.m.
OI'EKA AUDITIONS
Tryouts will be held today for
five baritone and five bass posi
tions in the Stanford Chorale.
Anyone interested is requested to
call Professor Harold C. Schmidt
at the Knoll, DA 3*6731, or see
him at Dinkelspiel Auditorium
today between 11:30 a.m. and 1
p.m.
OI'EKA AUDITIONS
Tryouts will be held today for
five baritone and five bass posi
tions in the Stanford Chorale.
Anyone interested is requested to
call Professor Harold C. Schmidt
at the Knoll, DA 3*6731, or see
him at Dinkelspiel Auditorium
today between 11:30 a.m. and 1
p.m.
OI'EKA AUDITIONS
Tryouts will be held today for
five baritone and five bass posi
tions in the Stanford Chorale.
Anyone interested is requested to
call Professor Harold C. Schmidt
at the Knoll, DA 3*6731, or see
him at Dinkelspiel Auditorium
today between 11:30 a.m. and 1
p.m.
OI'EKA AUDITIONS
Tryouts will be held today for
five baritone and five bass posi
tions in the Stanford Chorale.
Anyone interested is requested to
call Professor Harold C. Schmidt
at the Knoll, DA 3*6731, or see
him at Dinkelspiel Auditorium
today between 11:30 a.m. and 1
p.m.
OI'EKA AUDITIONS
Tryouts will be held today for
five baritone and five bass posi
tions in the Stanford Chorale.
Anyone interested is requested to
call Professor Harold C. Schmidt
at the Knoll, DA 3*6731, or see
him at Dinkelspiel Auditorium
today between 11:30 a.m. and 1
p.m.
OI'EKA AUDITIONS
Tryouts will be held today for
five baritone and five bass posi
tions in the Stanford Chorale.
Anyone interested is requested to
call Professor Harold C. Schmidt
at the Knoll, DA 3*6731, or see
him at Dinkelspiel Auditorium
today between 11:30 a.m. and 1
p.m.
OI'EKA AUDITIONS
Tryouts will be held today for
five baritone and five bass posi
tions in the Stanford Chorale.
Anyone interested is requested to
call Professor Harold C. Schmidt
at the Knoll, DA 3*6731, or see
him at Dinkelspiel Auditorium
today between 11:30 a.m. and 1
p.m.
OI'EKA AUDITIONS
Tryouts will be held today for
five baritone and five bass posi
tions in the Stanford Chorale.
Anyone interested is requested to
call Professor Harold C. Schmidt
at the Knoll, DA 3*6731, or see
him at Dinkelspiel Auditorium
today between 11:30 a.m. and 1
p.m.
