# Geddes to Give Religious Talk
## 
### 
Francis Geddes will discuss
"Campus Gods on Trial" tonight
at 7:15 in the "Y" lounge, third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Geddes is minister of the
Fellowship Church of All Peo
ples, San Francisco. In 1945 he
went to Stanford with the intent
of studying law. After gradua
tion he went to Fe 11 ows hi p
Church as a summer interne,
then entered Yale Divinity
School. In 1955 he was asked to
return to Fellowship Church as
minister.
Francis Geddes will discuss
"Campus Gods on Trial" tonight
at 7:15 in the "Y" lounge, third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Geddes is minister of the
Fellowship Church of All Peo
ples, San Francisco. In 1945 he
went to Stanford with the intent
of studying law. After gradua
tion he went to Fe 11 ows hi p
Church as a summer interne,
then entered Yale Divinity
School. In 1955 he was asked to
return to Fellowship Church as
minister.
Francis Geddes will discuss
"Campus Gods on Trial" tonight
at 7:15 in the "Y" lounge, third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Geddes is minister of the
Fellowship Church of All Peo
ples, San Francisco. In 1945 he
went to Stanford with the intent
of studying law. After gradua
tion he went to Fe 11 ows hi p
Church as a summer interne,
then entered Yale Divinity
School. In 1955 he was asked to
return to Fellowship Church as
minister.
Francis Geddes will discuss
"Campus Gods on Trial" tonight
at 7:15 in the "Y" lounge, third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Geddes is minister of the
Fellowship Church of All Peo
ples, San Francisco. In 1945 he
went to Stanford with the intent
of studying law. After gradua
tion he went to Fe 11 ows hi p
Church as a summer interne,
then entered Yale Divinity
School. In 1955 he was asked to
return to Fellowship Church as
minister.
Francis Geddes will discuss
"Campus Gods on Trial" tonight
at 7:15 in the "Y" lounge, third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Geddes is minister of the
Fellowship Church of All Peo
ples, San Francisco. In 1945 he
went to Stanford with the intent
of studying law. After gradua
tion he went to Fe 11 ows hi p
Church as a summer interne,
then entered Yale Divinity
School. In 1955 he was asked to
return to Fellowship Church as
minister.
Francis Geddes will discuss
"Campus Gods on Trial" tonight
at 7:15 in the "Y" lounge, third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Geddes is minister of the
Fellowship Church of All Peo
ples, San Francisco. In 1945 he
went to Stanford with the intent
of studying law. After gradua
tion he went to Fe 11 ows hi p
Church as a summer interne,
then entered Yale Divinity
School. In 1955 he was asked to
return to Fellowship Church as
minister.
Francis Geddes will discuss
"Campus Gods on Trial" tonight
at 7:15 in the "Y" lounge, third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Geddes is minister of the
Fellowship Church of All Peo
ples, San Francisco. In 1945 he
went to Stanford with the intent
of studying law. After gradua
tion he went to Fe 11 ows hi p
Church as a summer interne,
then entered Yale Divinity
School. In 1955 he was asked to
return to Fellowship Church as
minister.
Francis Geddes will discuss
"Campus Gods on Trial" tonight
at 7:15 in the "Y" lounge, third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Geddes is minister of the
Fellowship Church of All Peo
ples, San Francisco. In 1945 he
went to Stanford with the intent
of studying law. After gradua
tion he went to Fe 11 ows hi p
Church as a summer interne,
then entered Yale Divinity
School. In 1955 he was asked to
return to Fellowship Church as
minister.
Francis Geddes will discuss
"Campus Gods on Trial" tonight
at 7:15 in the "Y" lounge, third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Geddes is minister of the
Fellowship Church of All Peo
ples, San Francisco. In 1945 he
went to Stanford with the intent
of studying law. After gradua
tion he went to Fe 11 ows hi p
Church as a summer interne,
then entered Yale Divinity
School. In 1955 he was asked to
return to Fellowship Church as
minister.
Francis Geddes will discuss
"Campus Gods on Trial" tonight
at 7:15 in the "Y" lounge, third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Geddes is minister of the
Fellowship Church of All Peo
ples, San Francisco. In 1945 he
went to Stanford with the intent
of studying law. After gradua
tion he went to Fe 11 ows hi p
Church as a summer interne,
then entered Yale Divinity
School. In 1955 he was asked to
return to Fellowship Church as
minister.
Francis Geddes will discuss
"Campus Gods on Trial" tonight
at 7:15 in the "Y" lounge, third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Geddes is minister of the
Fellowship Church of All Peo
ples, San Francisco. In 1945 he
went to Stanford with the intent
of studying law. After gradua
tion he went to Fe 11 ows hi p
Church as a summer interne,
then entered Yale Divinity
School. In 1955 he was asked to
return to Fellowship Church as
minister.
Francis Geddes will discuss
"Campus Gods on Trial" tonight
at 7:15 in the "Y" lounge, third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Geddes is minister of the
Fellowship Church of All Peo
ples, San Francisco. In 1945 he
went to Stanford with the intent
of studying law. After gradua
tion he went to Fe 11 ows hi p
Church as a summer interne,
then entered Yale Divinity
School. In 1955 he was asked to
return to Fellowship Church as
minister.
Francis Geddes will discuss
"Campus Gods on Trial" tonight
at 7:15 in the "Y" lounge, third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Geddes is minister of the
Fellowship Church of All Peo
ples, San Francisco. In 1945 he
went to Stanford with the intent
of studying law. After gradua
tion he went to Fe 11 ows hi p
Church as a summer interne,
then entered Yale Divinity
School. In 1955 he was asked to
return to Fellowship Church as
minister.
Francis Geddes will discuss
"Campus Gods on Trial" tonight
at 7:15 in the "Y" lounge, third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Geddes is minister of the
Fellowship Church of All Peo
ples, San Francisco. In 1945 he
went to Stanford with the intent
of studying law. After gradua
tion he went to Fe 11 ows hi p
Church as a summer interne,
then entered Yale Divinity
School. In 1955 he was asked to
return to Fellowship Church as
minister.
Francis Geddes will discuss
"Campus Gods on Trial" tonight
at 7:15 in the "Y" lounge, third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Geddes is minister of the
Fellowship Church of All Peo
ples, San Francisco. In 1945 he
went to Stanford with the intent
of studying law. After gradua
tion he went to Fe 11 ows hi p
Church as a summer interne,
then entered Yale Divinity
School. In 1955 he was asked to
return to Fellowship Church as
minister.
Francis Geddes will discuss
"Campus Gods on Trial" tonight
at 7:15 in the "Y" lounge, third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Geddes is minister of the
Fellowship Church of All Peo
ples, San Francisco. In 1945 he
went to Stanford with the intent
of studying law. After gradua
tion he went to Fe 11 ows hi p
Church as a summer interne,
then entered Yale Divinity
School. In 1955 he was asked to
return to Fellowship Church as
minister.
Francis Geddes will discuss
"Campus Gods on Trial" tonight
at 7:15 in the "Y" lounge, third
floor of the Women's Clubhouse.
Geddes is minister of the
Fellowship Church of All Peo
ples, San Francisco. In 1945 he
went to Stanford with the intent
of studying law. After gradua
tion he went to Fe 11 ows hi p
Church as a summer interne,
then entered Yale Divinity
School. In 1955 he was asked to
return to Fellowship Church as
minister.
