# Grand Jury Indicts Student For Abortion
## 
### 
The County Grand Jury in San
Francisco returned an abortion
indictment at 2 a.m. yesterday
against Gerald Pachcco, junior
prG-medical student.
Pachcco, 23, was arrested Sat
urday while negotiating with a
San Francisco woman in a meet
ing pre-arranged by police, said
Homicide Lieutenant A 1 Nelder.
He has been released on $1000
bail.
Dean of Men William Craig
said that Pacheco's Stanford reg
istration has been canceled, but
no further action will be taken
until the final decision of the
courts.
Pacheeo enrolled at Stanford
autumn quarter, after being
graduated from Vallejo Junior
College. He lives at 270 Polhe
mus Ave., and is from Paradise.
Nelder said Pacheco's name was
supplied by a woman in critical
condition in a hospital after three
operations by Pacheco. The lieu
tenant said Pacheco had been
performing abortions since last
October at $500 per operation.
The County Grand Jury in San
Francisco returned an abortion
indictment at 2 a.m. yesterday
against Gerald Pachcco, junior
prG-medical student.
Pachcco, 23, was arrested Sat
urday while negotiating with a
San Francisco woman in a meet
ing pre-arranged by police, said
Homicide Lieutenant A 1 Nelder.
He has been released on $1000
bail.
Dean of Men William Craig
said that Pacheco's Stanford reg
istration has been canceled, but
no further action will be taken
until the final decision of the
courts.
Pacheeo enrolled at Stanford
autumn quarter, after being
graduated from Vallejo Junior
College. He lives at 270 Polhe
mus Ave., and is from Paradise.
Nelder said Pacheco's name was
supplied by a woman in critical
condition in a hospital after three
operations by Pacheco. The lieu
tenant said Pacheco had been
performing abortions since last
October at $500 per operation.
The County Grand Jury in San
Francisco returned an abortion
indictment at 2 a.m. yesterday
against Gerald Pachcco, junior
prG-medical student.
Pachcco, 23, was arrested Sat
urday while negotiating with a
San Francisco woman in a meet
ing pre-arranged by police, said
Homicide Lieutenant A 1 Nelder.
He has been released on $1000
bail.
Dean of Men William Craig
said that Pacheco's Stanford reg
istration has been canceled, but
no further action will be taken
until the final decision of the
courts.
Pacheeo enrolled at Stanford
autumn quarter, after being
graduated from Vallejo Junior
College. He lives at 270 Polhe
mus Ave., and is from Paradise.
Nelder said Pacheco's name was
supplied by a woman in critical
condition in a hospital after three
operations by Pacheco. The lieu
tenant said Pacheco had been
performing abortions since last
October at $500 per operation.
The County Grand Jury in San
Francisco returned an abortion
indictment at 2 a.m. yesterday
against Gerald Pachcco, junior
prG-medical student.
Pachcco, 23, was arrested Sat
urday while negotiating with a
San Francisco woman in a meet
ing pre-arranged by police, said
Homicide Lieutenant A 1 Nelder.
He has been released on $1000
bail.
Dean of Men William Craig
said that Pacheco's Stanford reg
istration has been canceled, but
no further action will be taken
until the final decision of the
courts.
Pacheeo enrolled at Stanford
autumn quarter, after being
graduated from Vallejo Junior
College. He lives at 270 Polhe
mus Ave., and is from Paradise.
Nelder said Pacheco's name was
supplied by a woman in critical
condition in a hospital after three
operations by Pacheco. The lieu
tenant said Pacheco had been
performing abortions since last
October at $500 per operation.
The County Grand Jury in San
Francisco returned an abortion
indictment at 2 a.m. yesterday
against Gerald Pachcco, junior
prG-medical student.
Pachcco, 23, was arrested Sat
urday while negotiating with a
San Francisco woman in a meet
ing pre-arranged by police, said
Homicide Lieutenant A 1 Nelder.
He has been released on $1000
bail.
Dean of Men William Craig
said that Pacheco's Stanford reg
istration has been canceled, but
no further action will be taken
until the final decision of the
courts.
Pacheeo enrolled at Stanford
autumn quarter, after being
graduated from Vallejo Junior
College. He lives at 270 Polhe
mus Ave., and is from Paradise.
Nelder said Pacheco's name was
supplied by a woman in critical
condition in a hospital after three
operations by Pacheco. The lieu
tenant said Pacheco had been
performing abortions since last
October at $500 per operation.
The County Grand Jury in San
Francisco returned an abortion
indictment at 2 a.m. yesterday
against Gerald Pachcco, junior
prG-medical student.
Pachcco, 23, was arrested Sat
urday while negotiating with a
San Francisco woman in a meet
ing pre-arranged by police, said
Homicide Lieutenant A 1 Nelder.
He has been released on $1000
bail.
Dean of Men William Craig
said that Pacheco's Stanford reg
istration has been canceled, but
no further action will be taken
until the final decision of the
courts.
Pacheeo enrolled at Stanford
autumn quarter, after being
graduated from Vallejo Junior
College. He lives at 270 Polhe
mus Ave., and is from Paradise.
Nelder said Pacheco's name was
supplied by a woman in critical
condition in a hospital after three
operations by Pacheco. The lieu
tenant said Pacheco had been
performing abortions since last
October at $500 per operation.
The County Grand Jury in San
Francisco returned an abortion
indictment at 2 a.m. yesterday
against Gerald Pachcco, junior
prG-medical student.
Pachcco, 23, was arrested Sat
urday while negotiating with a
San Francisco woman in a meet
ing pre-arranged by police, said
Homicide Lieutenant A 1 Nelder.
He has been released on $1000
bail.
Dean of Men William Craig
said that Pacheco's Stanford reg
istration has been canceled, but
no further action will be taken
until the final decision of the
courts.
Pacheeo enrolled at Stanford
autumn quarter, after being
graduated from Vallejo Junior
College. He lives at 270 Polhe
mus Ave., and is from Paradise.
Nelder said Pacheco's name was
supplied by a woman in critical
condition in a hospital after three
operations by Pacheco. The lieu
tenant said Pacheco had been
performing abortions since last
October at $500 per operation.
The County Grand Jury in San
Francisco returned an abortion
indictment at 2 a.m. yesterday
against Gerald Pachcco, junior
prG-medical student.
Pachcco, 23, was arrested Sat
urday while negotiating with a
San Francisco woman in a meet
ing pre-arranged by police, said
Homicide Lieutenant A 1 Nelder.
He has been released on $1000
bail.
Dean of Men William Craig
said that Pacheco's Stanford reg
istration has been canceled, but
no further action will be taken
until the final decision of the
courts.
Pacheeo enrolled at Stanford
autumn quarter, after being
graduated from Vallejo Junior
College. He lives at 270 Polhe
mus Ave., and is from Paradise.
Nelder said Pacheco's name was
supplied by a woman in critical
condition in a hospital after three
operations by Pacheco. The lieu
tenant said Pacheco had been
performing abortions since last
October at $500 per operation.
The County Grand Jury in San
Francisco returned an abortion
indictment at 2 a.m. yesterday
against Gerald Pachcco, junior
prG-medical student.
Pachcco, 23, was arrested Sat
urday while negotiating with a
San Francisco woman in a meet
ing pre-arranged by police, said
Homicide Lieutenant A 1 Nelder.
He has been released on $1000
bail.
Dean of Men William Craig
said that Pacheco's Stanford reg
istration has been canceled, but
no further action will be taken
until the final decision of the
courts.
Pacheeo enrolled at Stanford
autumn quarter, after being
graduated from Vallejo Junior
College. He lives at 270 Polhe
mus Ave., and is from Paradise.
Nelder said Pacheco's name was
supplied by a woman in critical
condition in a hospital after three
operations by Pacheco. The lieu
tenant said Pacheco had been
performing abortions since last
October at $500 per operation.
The County Grand Jury in San
Francisco returned an abortion
indictment at 2 a.m. yesterday
against Gerald Pachcco, junior
prG-medical student.
Pachcco, 23, was arrested Sat
urday while negotiating with a
San Francisco woman in a meet
ing pre-arranged by police, said
Homicide Lieutenant A 1 Nelder.
He has been released on $1000
bail.
Dean of Men William Craig
said that Pacheco's Stanford reg
istration has been canceled, but
no further action will be taken
until the final decision of the
courts.
Pacheeo enrolled at Stanford
autumn quarter, after being
graduated from Vallejo Junior
College. He lives at 270 Polhe
mus Ave., and is from Paradise.
Nelder said Pacheco's name was
supplied by a woman in critical
condition in a hospital after three
operations by Pacheco. The lieu
tenant said Pacheco had been
performing abortions since last
October at $500 per operation.
The County Grand Jury in San
Francisco returned an abortion
indictment at 2 a.m. yesterday
against Gerald Pachcco, junior
prG-medical student.
Pachcco, 23, was arrested Sat
urday while negotiating with a
San Francisco woman in a meet
ing pre-arranged by police, said
Homicide Lieutenant A 1 Nelder.
He has been released on $1000
bail.
Dean of Men William Craig
said that Pacheco's Stanford reg
istration has been canceled, but
no further action will be taken
until the final decision of the
courts.
Pacheeo enrolled at Stanford
autumn quarter, after being
graduated from Vallejo Junior
College. He lives at 270 Polhe
mus Ave., and is from Paradise.
Nelder said Pacheco's name was
supplied by a woman in critical
condition in a hospital after three
operations by Pacheco. The lieu
tenant said Pacheco had been
performing abortions since last
October at $500 per operation.
The County Grand Jury in San
Francisco returned an abortion
indictment at 2 a.m. yesterday
against Gerald Pachcco, junior
prG-medical student.
Pachcco, 23, was arrested Sat
urday while negotiating with a
San Francisco woman in a meet
ing pre-arranged by police, said
Homicide Lieutenant A 1 Nelder.
He has been released on $1000
bail.
Dean of Men William Craig
said that Pacheco's Stanford reg
istration has been canceled, but
no further action will be taken
until the final decision of the
courts.
Pacheeo enrolled at Stanford
autumn quarter, after being
graduated from Vallejo Junior
College. He lives at 270 Polhe
mus Ave., and is from Paradise.
Nelder said Pacheco's name was
supplied by a woman in critical
condition in a hospital after three
operations by Pacheco. The lieu
tenant said Pacheco had been
performing abortions since last
October at $500 per operation.
The County Grand Jury in San
Francisco returned an abortion
indictment at 2 a.m. yesterday
against Gerald Pachcco, junior
prG-medical student.
Pachcco, 23, was arrested Sat
urday while negotiating with a
San Francisco woman in a meet
ing pre-arranged by police, said
Homicide Lieutenant A 1 Nelder.
He has been released on $1000
bail.
Dean of Men William Craig
said that Pacheco's Stanford reg
istration has been canceled, but
no further action will be taken
until the final decision of the
courts.
Pacheeo enrolled at Stanford
autumn quarter, after being
graduated from Vallejo Junior
College. He lives at 270 Polhe
mus Ave., and is from Paradise.
Nelder said Pacheco's name was
supplied by a woman in critical
condition in a hospital after three
operations by Pacheco. The lieu
tenant said Pacheco had been
performing abortions since last
October at $500 per operation.
The County Grand Jury in San
Francisco returned an abortion
indictment at 2 a.m. yesterday
against Gerald Pachcco, junior
prG-medical student.
Pachcco, 23, was arrested Sat
urday while negotiating with a
San Francisco woman in a meet
ing pre-arranged by police, said
Homicide Lieutenant A 1 Nelder.
He has been released on $1000
bail.
Dean of Men William Craig
said that Pacheco's Stanford reg
istration has been canceled, but
no further action will be taken
until the final decision of the
courts.
Pacheeo enrolled at Stanford
autumn quarter, after being
graduated from Vallejo Junior
College. He lives at 270 Polhe
mus Ave., and is from Paradise.
Nelder said Pacheco's name was
supplied by a woman in critical
condition in a hospital after three
operations by Pacheco. The lieu
tenant said Pacheco had been
performing abortions since last
October at $500 per operation.
The County Grand Jury in San
Francisco returned an abortion
indictment at 2 a.m. yesterday
against Gerald Pachcco, junior
prG-medical student.
Pachcco, 23, was arrested Sat
urday while negotiating with a
San Francisco woman in a meet
ing pre-arranged by police, said
Homicide Lieutenant A 1 Nelder.
He has been released on $1000
bail.
Dean of Men William Craig
said that Pacheco's Stanford reg
istration has been canceled, but
no further action will be taken
until the final decision of the
courts.
Pacheeo enrolled at Stanford
autumn quarter, after being
graduated from Vallejo Junior
College. He lives at 270 Polhe
mus Ave., and is from Paradise.
Nelder said Pacheco's name was
supplied by a woman in critical
condition in a hospital after three
operations by Pacheco. The lieu
tenant said Pacheco had been
performing abortions since last
October at $500 per operation.
The County Grand Jury in San
Francisco returned an abortion
indictment at 2 a.m. yesterday
against Gerald Pachcco, junior
prG-medical student.
Pachcco, 23, was arrested Sat
urday while negotiating with a
San Francisco woman in a meet
ing pre-arranged by police, said
Homicide Lieutenant A 1 Nelder.
He has been released on $1000
bail.
Dean of Men William Craig
said that Pacheco's Stanford reg
istration has been canceled, but
no further action will be taken
until the final decision of the
courts.
Pacheeo enrolled at Stanford
autumn quarter, after being
graduated from Vallejo Junior
College. He lives at 270 Polhe
mus Ave., and is from Paradise.
Nelder said Pacheco's name was
supplied by a woman in critical
condition in a hospital after three
operations by Pacheco. The lieu
tenant said Pacheco had been
performing abortions since last
October at $500 per operation.
The County Grand Jury in San
Francisco returned an abortion
indictment at 2 a.m. yesterday
against Gerald Pachcco, junior
prG-medical student.
Pachcco, 23, was arrested Sat
urday while negotiating with a
San Francisco woman in a meet
ing pre-arranged by police, said
Homicide Lieutenant A 1 Nelder.
He has been released on $1000
bail.
Dean of Men William Craig
said that Pacheco's Stanford reg
istration has been canceled, but
no further action will be taken
until the final decision of the
courts.
Pacheeo enrolled at Stanford
autumn quarter, after being
graduated from Vallejo Junior
College. He lives at 270 Polhe
mus Ave., and is from Paradise.
Nelder said Pacheco's name was
supplied by a woman in critical
condition in a hospital after three
operations by Pacheco. The lieu
tenant said Pacheco had been
performing abortions since last
October at $500 per operation.
