# Seattle Gets NCAA Bid
## 
### 
Seattle and Loyola of New Or
leans gained at - large berths in
the NCAA Major College Basket
ball Tournament yesterday.
Seattle and Loyola of New Or
leans gained at - large berths in
the NCAA Major College Basket
ball Tournament yesterday.
Seattle and Loyola of New Or
leans gained at - large berths in
the NCAA Major College Basket
ball Tournament yesterday.
Seattle and Loyola of New Or
leans gained at - large berths in
the NCAA Major College Basket
ball Tournament yesterday.
Seattle and Loyola of New Or
leans gained at - large berths in
the NCAA Major College Basket
ball Tournament yesterday.
Seattle and Loyola of New Or
leans gained at - large berths in
the NCAA Major College Basket
ball Tournament yesterday.
Seattle and Loyola of New Or
leans gained at - large berths in
the NCAA Major College Basket
ball Tournament yesterday.
Seattle and Loyola of New Or
leans gained at - large berths in
the NCAA Major College Basket
ball Tournament yesterday.
Seattle and Loyola of New Or
leans gained at - large berths in
the NCAA Major College Basket
ball Tournament yesterday.
Seattle and Loyola of New Or
leans gained at - large berths in
the NCAA Major College Basket
ball Tournament yesterday.
Seattle and Loyola of New Or
leans gained at - large berths in
the NCAA Major College Basket
ball Tournament yesterday.
Seattle and Loyola of New Or
leans gained at - large berths in
the NCAA Major College Basket
ball Tournament yesterday.
Seattle and Loyola of New Or
leans gained at - large berths in
the NCAA Major College Basket
ball Tournament yesterday.
Seattle and Loyola of New Or
leans gained at - large berths in
the NCAA Major College Basket
ball Tournament yesterday.
Seattle and Loyola of New Or
leans gained at - large berths in
the NCAA Major College Basket
ball Tournament yesterday.
Seattle and Loyola of New Or
leans gained at - large berths in
the NCAA Major College Basket
ball Tournament yesterday.
Seattle and Loyola of New Or
leans gained at - large berths in
the NCAA Major College Basket
ball Tournament yesterday.
