# Spring Term Sr. Colloquia Announced
## 
### 
The Senior Colloquia to be of
fered spring quarter have been
announced by the General Studies
Committee.
Konrad Krauskopf will sponsor
Science, Values and Anti-Intellee
tualism—M 2-4; Charles Rothwell,
Nationalism aifd International
ism—T 2-4; Robert Brower, "The
Tale of Genji"—Japan's Greatest
Novel—Th 2-4; Paul Farnsworth,
Linguistic Possibilities of Music,
Another Form of Communication
—W 2-4; Frederick Locke, The
Existentialism of Albert Camus
W 2-4; George Sullwold, Crime,
Guilt, Responsibility: The Ores
tes Myth from Aeschylus to Sar
tre—VV 4-6; George Knoles, As
Others See Us Foreign Views of
America — W 2-4; Douglas Law
rence, The Philosophical and Ex
perimental Background of Trans
fer of Training -W 4-6; Wendell
Cole. Man and the .State in Mod
ern Drama dhr; Frederick Koc
nig, Galileo's "Two New Sci
ences," The Rise of the Experi
mental Method - dhr; Bernard
Siegel, Comparison of Cultural,
Psychological and Biological Ex
planations of Human Behavior
T 2-4.
Enrollment is limited to 15 and
it is necessary to sign up for ad
mission to a colloquium at the
General Studies Office. They are
designed for students not major
ing in the department offering
them and do not assume a solid
background of previous study in
the field.
