# Four Members Elected To English Society
## 
### 
At a meeteing of the English Club
last Tuesday evening, following the
usual round-table discussion, the fol
lowing students wero elected to mem
bership: William Huse, Mollie Wind
ish, Robert Uinkley, and Genevievo
Apgar.
Tho initiation of those member
t'lects will be held Tuesday evening,
February 1, at 8 o'clock, at the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
At a meeteing of the English Club
last Tuesday evening, following the
usual round-table discussion, the fol
lowing students wero elected to mem
bership: William Huse, Mollie Wind
ish, Robert Uinkley, and Genevievo
Apgar.
Tho initiation of those member
t'lects will be held Tuesday evening,
February 1, at 8 o'clock, at the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
At a meeteing of the English Club
last Tuesday evening, following the
usual round-table discussion, the fol
lowing students wero elected to mem
bership: William Huse, Mollie Wind
ish, Robert Uinkley, and Genevievo
Apgar.
Tho initiation of those member
t'lects will be held Tuesday evening,
February 1, at 8 o'clock, at the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
At a meeteing of the English Club
last Tuesday evening, following the
usual round-table discussion, the fol
lowing students wero elected to mem
bership: William Huse, Mollie Wind
ish, Robert Uinkley, and Genevievo
Apgar.
Tho initiation of those member
t'lects will be held Tuesday evening,
February 1, at 8 o'clock, at the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
At a meeteing of the English Club
last Tuesday evening, following the
usual round-table discussion, the fol
lowing students wero elected to mem
bership: William Huse, Mollie Wind
ish, Robert Uinkley, and Genevievo
Apgar.
Tho initiation of those member
t'lects will be held Tuesday evening,
February 1, at 8 o'clock, at the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
At a meeteing of the English Club
last Tuesday evening, following the
usual round-table discussion, the fol
lowing students wero elected to mem
bership: William Huse, Mollie Wind
ish, Robert Uinkley, and Genevievo
Apgar.
Tho initiation of those member
t'lects will be held Tuesday evening,
February 1, at 8 o'clock, at the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
At a meeteing of the English Club
last Tuesday evening, following the
usual round-table discussion, the fol
lowing students wero elected to mem
bership: William Huse, Mollie Wind
ish, Robert Uinkley, and Genevievo
Apgar.
Tho initiation of those member
t'lects will be held Tuesday evening,
February 1, at 8 o'clock, at the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
At a meeteing of the English Club
last Tuesday evening, following the
usual round-table discussion, the fol
lowing students wero elected to mem
bership: William Huse, Mollie Wind
ish, Robert Uinkley, and Genevievo
Apgar.
Tho initiation of those member
t'lects will be held Tuesday evening,
February 1, at 8 o'clock, at the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
At a meeteing of the English Club
last Tuesday evening, following the
usual round-table discussion, the fol
lowing students wero elected to mem
bership: William Huse, Mollie Wind
ish, Robert Uinkley, and Genevievo
Apgar.
Tho initiation of those member
t'lects will be held Tuesday evening,
February 1, at 8 o'clock, at the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
At a meeteing of the English Club
last Tuesday evening, following the
usual round-table discussion, the fol
lowing students wero elected to mem
bership: William Huse, Mollie Wind
ish, Robert Uinkley, and Genevievo
Apgar.
Tho initiation of those member
t'lects will be held Tuesday evening,
February 1, at 8 o'clock, at the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
At a meeteing of the English Club
last Tuesday evening, following the
usual round-table discussion, the fol
lowing students wero elected to mem
bership: William Huse, Mollie Wind
ish, Robert Uinkley, and Genevievo
Apgar.
Tho initiation of those member
t'lects will be held Tuesday evening,
February 1, at 8 o'clock, at the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
At a meeteing of the English Club
last Tuesday evening, following the
usual round-table discussion, the fol
lowing students wero elected to mem
bership: William Huse, Mollie Wind
ish, Robert Uinkley, and Genevievo
Apgar.
Tho initiation of those member
t'lects will be held Tuesday evening,
February 1, at 8 o'clock, at the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
At a meeteing of the English Club
last Tuesday evening, following the
usual round-table discussion, the fol
lowing students wero elected to mem
bership: William Huse, Mollie Wind
ish, Robert Uinkley, and Genevievo
Apgar.
Tho initiation of those member
t'lects will be held Tuesday evening,
February 1, at 8 o'clock, at the Wo
men's Clubhouse.
