# BRADSTREET MANAGER TO ADDRESS ECONOMICS CLUB
## 
### 
The history and work of mercantile
agencies in the United States are the
subjects which Manager Munsell, of
the San Francisco branch of the Brad
street firm, has chosen for his ad
dress before the Economics Club to
morrow evening. Munsell is a grad
uate from the Economics department
of the University of California, and a
man of extensive business experience.
His ideas on business life, and the
prospects of employment for college
graduates in commercial activities,
will be of especial interest to all
economics students. The Economics
Club invites the entire Department of
Economics to this lecture, which will
begin promptly at 8 o'clock, in the
faculty clubhouse. The talk will be
followed by a department jolly-up and
smoker. Munsell's address was at
first dated for last Wednesday.
The history and work of mercantile
agencies in the United States are the
subjects which Manager Munsell, of
the San Francisco branch of the Brad
street firm, has chosen for his ad
dress before the Economics Club to
morrow evening. Munsell is a grad
uate from the Economics department
of the University of California, and a
man of extensive business experience.
His ideas on business life, and the
prospects of employment for college
graduates in commercial activities,
will be of especial interest to all
economics students. The Economics
Club invites the entire Department of
Economics to this lecture, which will
begin promptly at 8 o'clock, in the
faculty clubhouse. The talk will be
followed by a department jolly-up and
smoker. Munsell's address was at
first dated for last Wednesday.
The history and work of mercantile
agencies in the United States are the
subjects which Manager Munsell, of
the San Francisco branch of the Brad
street firm, has chosen for his ad
dress before the Economics Club to
morrow evening. Munsell is a grad
uate from the Economics department
of the University of California, and a
man of extensive business experience.
His ideas on business life, and the
prospects of employment for college
graduates in commercial activities,
will be of especial interest to all
economics students. The Economics
Club invites the entire Department of
Economics to this lecture, which will
begin promptly at 8 o'clock, in the
faculty clubhouse. The talk will be
followed by a department jolly-up and
smoker. Munsell's address was at
first dated for last Wednesday.
The history and work of mercantile
agencies in the United States are the
subjects which Manager Munsell, of
the San Francisco branch of the Brad
street firm, has chosen for his ad
dress before the Economics Club to
morrow evening. Munsell is a grad
uate from the Economics department
of the University of California, and a
man of extensive business experience.
His ideas on business life, and the
prospects of employment for college
graduates in commercial activities,
will be of especial interest to all
economics students. The Economics
Club invites the entire Department of
Economics to this lecture, which will
begin promptly at 8 o'clock, in the
faculty clubhouse. The talk will be
followed by a department jolly-up and
smoker. Munsell's address was at
first dated for last Wednesday.
The history and work of mercantile
agencies in the United States are the
subjects which Manager Munsell, of
the San Francisco branch of the Brad
street firm, has chosen for his ad
dress before the Economics Club to
morrow evening. Munsell is a grad
uate from the Economics department
of the University of California, and a
man of extensive business experience.
His ideas on business life, and the
prospects of employment for college
graduates in commercial activities,
will be of especial interest to all
economics students. The Economics
Club invites the entire Department of
Economics to this lecture, which will
begin promptly at 8 o'clock, in the
faculty clubhouse. The talk will be
followed by a department jolly-up and
smoker. Munsell's address was at
first dated for last Wednesday.
The history and work of mercantile
agencies in the United States are the
subjects which Manager Munsell, of
the San Francisco branch of the Brad
street firm, has chosen for his ad
dress before the Economics Club to
morrow evening. Munsell is a grad
uate from the Economics department
of the University of California, and a
man of extensive business experience.
His ideas on business life, and the
prospects of employment for college
graduates in commercial activities,
will be of especial interest to all
economics students. The Economics
Club invites the entire Department of
Economics to this lecture, which will
begin promptly at 8 o'clock, in the
faculty clubhouse. The talk will be
followed by a department jolly-up and
smoker. Munsell's address was at
first dated for last Wednesday.
The history and work of mercantile
agencies in the United States are the
subjects which Manager Munsell, of
the San Francisco branch of the Brad
street firm, has chosen for his ad
dress before the Economics Club to
morrow evening. Munsell is a grad
uate from the Economics department
of the University of California, and a
man of extensive business experience.
His ideas on business life, and the
prospects of employment for college
graduates in commercial activities,
will be of especial interest to all
economics students. The Economics
Club invites the entire Department of
Economics to this lecture, which will
begin promptly at 8 o'clock, in the
faculty clubhouse. The talk will be
followed by a department jolly-up and
smoker. Munsell's address was at
first dated for last Wednesday.
The history and work of mercantile
agencies in the United States are the
subjects which Manager Munsell, of
the San Francisco branch of the Brad
street firm, has chosen for his ad
dress before the Economics Club to
morrow evening. Munsell is a grad
uate from the Economics department
of the University of California, and a
man of extensive business experience.
His ideas on business life, and the
prospects of employment for college
graduates in commercial activities,
will be of especial interest to all
economics students. The Economics
Club invites the entire Department of
Economics to this lecture, which will
begin promptly at 8 o'clock, in the
faculty clubhouse. The talk will be
followed by a department jolly-up and
smoker. Munsell's address was at
first dated for last Wednesday.
The history and work of mercantile
agencies in the United States are the
subjects which Manager Munsell, of
the San Francisco branch of the Brad
street firm, has chosen for his ad
dress before the Economics Club to
morrow evening. Munsell is a grad
uate from the Economics department
of the University of California, and a
man of extensive business experience.
His ideas on business life, and the
prospects of employment for college
graduates in commercial activities,
will be of especial interest to all
economics students. The Economics
Club invites the entire Department of
Economics to this lecture, which will
begin promptly at 8 o'clock, in the
faculty clubhouse. The talk will be
followed by a department jolly-up and
smoker. Munsell's address was at
first dated for last Wednesday.
The history and work of mercantile
agencies in the United States are the
subjects which Manager Munsell, of
the San Francisco branch of the Brad
street firm, has chosen for his ad
dress before the Economics Club to
morrow evening. Munsell is a grad
uate from the Economics department
of the University of California, and a
man of extensive business experience.
His ideas on business life, and the
prospects of employment for college
graduates in commercial activities,
will be of especial interest to all
economics students. The Economics
Club invites the entire Department of
Economics to this lecture, which will
begin promptly at 8 o'clock, in the
faculty clubhouse. The talk will be
followed by a department jolly-up and
smoker. Munsell's address was at
first dated for last Wednesday.
The history and work of mercantile
agencies in the United States are the
subjects which Manager Munsell, of
the San Francisco branch of the Brad
street firm, has chosen for his ad
dress before the Economics Club to
morrow evening. Munsell is a grad
uate from the Economics department
of the University of California, and a
man of extensive business experience.
His ideas on business life, and the
prospects of employment for college
graduates in commercial activities,
will be of especial interest to all
economics students. The Economics
Club invites the entire Department of
Economics to this lecture, which will
begin promptly at 8 o'clock, in the
faculty clubhouse. The talk will be
followed by a department jolly-up and
smoker. Munsell's address was at
first dated for last Wednesday.
The history and work of mercantile
agencies in the United States are the
subjects which Manager Munsell, of
the San Francisco branch of the Brad
street firm, has chosen for his ad
dress before the Economics Club to
morrow evening. Munsell is a grad
uate from the Economics department
of the University of California, and a
man of extensive business experience.
His ideas on business life, and the
prospects of employment for college
graduates in commercial activities,
will be of especial interest to all
economics students. The Economics
Club invites the entire Department of
Economics to this lecture, which will
begin promptly at 8 o'clock, in the
faculty clubhouse. The talk will be
followed by a department jolly-up and
smoker. Munsell's address was at
first dated for last Wednesday.
The history and work of mercantile
agencies in the United States are the
subjects which Manager Munsell, of
the San Francisco branch of the Brad
street firm, has chosen for his ad
dress before the Economics Club to
morrow evening. Munsell is a grad
uate from the Economics department
of the University of California, and a
man of extensive business experience.
His ideas on business life, and the
prospects of employment for college
graduates in commercial activities,
will be of especial interest to all
economics students. The Economics
Club invites the entire Department of
Economics to this lecture, which will
begin promptly at 8 o'clock, in the
faculty clubhouse. The talk will be
followed by a department jolly-up and
smoker. Munsell's address was at
first dated for last Wednesday.
