# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Illinois, Northwestern, Ohio State
and Reed now use reformed spelling.
Illinois, Northwestern, Ohio State
and Reed now use reformed spelling.
Illinois, Northwestern, Ohio State
and Reed now use reformed spelling.
Illinois, Northwestern, Ohio State
and Reed now use reformed spelling.
Illinois, Northwestern, Ohio State
and Reed now use reformed spelling.
Illinois, Northwestern, Ohio State
and Reed now use reformed spelling.
Illinois, Northwestern, Ohio State
and Reed now use reformed spelling.
Illinois, Northwestern, Ohio State
and Reed now use reformed spelling.
Illinois, Northwestern, Ohio State
and Reed now use reformed spelling.
Illinois, Northwestern, Ohio State
and Reed now use reformed spelling.
Illinois, Northwestern, Ohio State
and Reed now use reformed spelling.
Illinois, Northwestern, Ohio State
and Reed now use reformed spelling.
Illinois, Northwestern, Ohio State
and Reed now use reformed spelling.
