# Senior Class Pictures Now Exhibited
## 
### 
Large pictures of the Senior class
taken on the Quad are now on exhibi
tion at the Bookstore. Single priirts
will cost seventy-five cents each.
Those desiring them must sign up he
fore five o'clock Friday afternoon.
Large pictures of the Senior class
taken on the Quad are now on exhibi
tion at the Bookstore. Single priirts
will cost seventy-five cents each.
Those desiring them must sign up he
fore five o'clock Friday afternoon.
Large pictures of the Senior class
taken on the Quad are now on exhibi
tion at the Bookstore. Single priirts
will cost seventy-five cents each.
Those desiring them must sign up he
fore five o'clock Friday afternoon.
Large pictures of the Senior class
taken on the Quad are now on exhibi
tion at the Bookstore. Single priirts
will cost seventy-five cents each.
Those desiring them must sign up he
fore five o'clock Friday afternoon.
Large pictures of the Senior class
taken on the Quad are now on exhibi
tion at the Bookstore. Single priirts
will cost seventy-five cents each.
Those desiring them must sign up he
fore five o'clock Friday afternoon.
Large pictures of the Senior class
taken on the Quad are now on exhibi
tion at the Bookstore. Single priirts
will cost seventy-five cents each.
Those desiring them must sign up he
fore five o'clock Friday afternoon.
Large pictures of the Senior class
taken on the Quad are now on exhibi
tion at the Bookstore. Single priirts
will cost seventy-five cents each.
Those desiring them must sign up he
fore five o'clock Friday afternoon.
Large pictures of the Senior class
taken on the Quad are now on exhibi
tion at the Bookstore. Single priirts
will cost seventy-five cents each.
Those desiring them must sign up he
fore five o'clock Friday afternoon.
Large pictures of the Senior class
taken on the Quad are now on exhibi
tion at the Bookstore. Single priirts
will cost seventy-five cents each.
Those desiring them must sign up he
fore five o'clock Friday afternoon.
Large pictures of the Senior class
taken on the Quad are now on exhibi
tion at the Bookstore. Single priirts
will cost seventy-five cents each.
Those desiring them must sign up he
fore five o'clock Friday afternoon.
Large pictures of the Senior class
taken on the Quad are now on exhibi
tion at the Bookstore. Single priirts
will cost seventy-five cents each.
Those desiring them must sign up he
fore five o'clock Friday afternoon.
Large pictures of the Senior class
taken on the Quad are now on exhibi
tion at the Bookstore. Single priirts
will cost seventy-five cents each.
Those desiring them must sign up he
fore five o'clock Friday afternoon.
Large pictures of the Senior class
taken on the Quad are now on exhibi
tion at the Bookstore. Single priirts
will cost seventy-five cents each.
Those desiring them must sign up he
fore five o'clock Friday afternoon.
