# WRANGLERS SELECT THREE NEW MEMBERS
## 
### 
Miss Ruth Lakin, '18, Mrs. Marion
Lonabaugh, '20, and Miss Margaret
Burton, '20, are the three new mem
bers taken into Wranglers this quar
ter. The membership of the club is
limited and only a few can be taken
in each year.
Extracts from letters written by
Edmond Genet, the first American
killed in France flying the Stars and
Stripes were read by Miss Frances
Willis, '20. at their regular meeting
last night.
Miss Ruth Lakin, '18, Mrs. Marion
Lonabaugh, '20, and Miss Margaret
Burton, '20, are the three new mem
bers taken into Wranglers this quar
ter. The membership of the club is
limited and only a few can be taken
in each year.
Extracts from letters written by
Edmond Genet, the first American
killed in France flying the Stars and
Stripes were read by Miss Frances
Willis, '20. at their regular meeting
last night.
Miss Ruth Lakin, '18, Mrs. Marion
Lonabaugh, '20, and Miss Margaret
Burton, '20, are the three new mem
bers taken into Wranglers this quar
ter. The membership of the club is
limited and only a few can be taken
in each year.
Extracts from letters written by
Edmond Genet, the first American
killed in France flying the Stars and
Stripes were read by Miss Frances
Willis, '20. at their regular meeting
last night.
Miss Ruth Lakin, '18, Mrs. Marion
Lonabaugh, '20, and Miss Margaret
Burton, '20, are the three new mem
bers taken into Wranglers this quar
ter. The membership of the club is
limited and only a few can be taken
in each year.
Extracts from letters written by
Edmond Genet, the first American
killed in France flying the Stars and
Stripes were read by Miss Frances
Willis, '20. at their regular meeting
last night.
Miss Ruth Lakin, '18, Mrs. Marion
Lonabaugh, '20, and Miss Margaret
Burton, '20, are the three new mem
bers taken into Wranglers this quar
ter. The membership of the club is
limited and only a few can be taken
in each year.
Extracts from letters written by
Edmond Genet, the first American
killed in France flying the Stars and
Stripes were read by Miss Frances
Willis, '20. at their regular meeting
last night.
Miss Ruth Lakin, '18, Mrs. Marion
Lonabaugh, '20, and Miss Margaret
Burton, '20, are the three new mem
bers taken into Wranglers this quar
ter. The membership of the club is
limited and only a few can be taken
in each year.
Extracts from letters written by
Edmond Genet, the first American
killed in France flying the Stars and
Stripes were read by Miss Frances
Willis, '20. at their regular meeting
last night.
Miss Ruth Lakin, '18, Mrs. Marion
Lonabaugh, '20, and Miss Margaret
Burton, '20, are the three new mem
bers taken into Wranglers this quar
ter. The membership of the club is
limited and only a few can be taken
in each year.
Extracts from letters written by
Edmond Genet, the first American
killed in France flying the Stars and
Stripes were read by Miss Frances
Willis, '20. at their regular meeting
last night.
Miss Ruth Lakin, '18, Mrs. Marion
Lonabaugh, '20, and Miss Margaret
Burton, '20, are the three new mem
bers taken into Wranglers this quar
ter. The membership of the club is
limited and only a few can be taken
in each year.
Extracts from letters written by
Edmond Genet, the first American
killed in France flying the Stars and
Stripes were read by Miss Frances
Willis, '20. at their regular meeting
last night.
Miss Ruth Lakin, '18, Mrs. Marion
Lonabaugh, '20, and Miss Margaret
Burton, '20, are the three new mem
bers taken into Wranglers this quar
ter. The membership of the club is
limited and only a few can be taken
in each year.
Extracts from letters written by
Edmond Genet, the first American
killed in France flying the Stars and
Stripes were read by Miss Frances
Willis, '20. at their regular meeting
last night.
Miss Ruth Lakin, '18, Mrs. Marion
Lonabaugh, '20, and Miss Margaret
Burton, '20, are the three new mem
bers taken into Wranglers this quar
ter. The membership of the club is
limited and only a few can be taken
in each year.
Extracts from letters written by
Edmond Genet, the first American
killed in France flying the Stars and
Stripes were read by Miss Frances
Willis, '20. at their regular meeting
last night.
Miss Ruth Lakin, '18, Mrs. Marion
Lonabaugh, '20, and Miss Margaret
Burton, '20, are the three new mem
bers taken into Wranglers this quar
ter. The membership of the club is
limited and only a few can be taken
in each year.
Extracts from letters written by
Edmond Genet, the first American
killed in France flying the Stars and
Stripes were read by Miss Frances
Willis, '20. at their regular meeting
last night.
Miss Ruth Lakin, '18, Mrs. Marion
Lonabaugh, '20, and Miss Margaret
Burton, '20, are the three new mem
bers taken into Wranglers this quar
ter. The membership of the club is
limited and only a few can be taken
in each year.
Extracts from letters written by
Edmond Genet, the first American
killed in France flying the Stars and
Stripes were read by Miss Frances
Willis, '20. at their regular meeting
last night.
Miss Ruth Lakin, '18, Mrs. Marion
Lonabaugh, '20, and Miss Margaret
Burton, '20, are the three new mem
bers taken into Wranglers this quar
ter. The membership of the club is
limited and only a few can be taken
in each year.
Extracts from letters written by
Edmond Genet, the first American
killed in France flying the Stars and
Stripes were read by Miss Frances
Willis, '20. at their regular meeting
last night.
Miss Ruth Lakin, '18, Mrs. Marion
Lonabaugh, '20, and Miss Margaret
Burton, '20, are the three new mem
bers taken into Wranglers this quar
ter. The membership of the club is
limited and only a few can be taken
in each year.
Extracts from letters written by
Edmond Genet, the first American
killed in France flying the Stars and
Stripes were read by Miss Frances
Willis, '20. at their regular meeting
last night.
Miss Ruth Lakin, '18, Mrs. Marion
Lonabaugh, '20, and Miss Margaret
Burton, '20, are the three new mem
bers taken into Wranglers this quar
ter. The membership of the club is
limited and only a few can be taken
in each year.
Extracts from letters written by
Edmond Genet, the first American
killed in France flying the Stars and
Stripes were read by Miss Frances
Willis, '20. at their regular meeting
last night.
