# Insurance Jobs Open for Grads
## 
### 
A representative Irom the North
western Mutual Life Insurance Co.
will be on campus Monday to inter
view prospective graduates inter
ested in a career of selling life in
surance, announces the Placement
Service.
An interview schedule is posted at
the Placement Service in Tempo
rary Building C.
The service also reports several
opportunities for jobs with the Bel!
Aircraft Corp. The 18 positions open
include various types of engineers,
technicians, draftsmen, designers,
and dynamicists.
A complete list of the specific po
sitions is on the Service's bulletin
board, but applications, including a
statement of previous experience,
should be mailed directly to: Man
ager, Engineering Personnel, Bell
Aircraft Corp., P.O. Box 1, Buffalo
5. N.Y.
A representative Irom the North
western Mutual Life Insurance Co.
will be on campus Monday to inter
view prospective graduates inter
ested in a career of selling life in
surance, announces the Placement
Service.
An interview schedule is posted at
the Placement Service in Tempo
rary Building C.
The service also reports several
opportunities for jobs with the Bel!
Aircraft Corp. The 18 positions open
include various types of engineers,
technicians, draftsmen, designers,
and dynamicists.
A complete list of the specific po
sitions is on the Service's bulletin
board, but applications, including a
statement of previous experience,
should be mailed directly to: Man
ager, Engineering Personnel, Bell
Aircraft Corp., P.O. Box 1, Buffalo
5. N.Y.
A representative Irom the North
western Mutual Life Insurance Co.
will be on campus Monday to inter
view prospective graduates inter
ested in a career of selling life in
surance, announces the Placement
Service.
An interview schedule is posted at
the Placement Service in Tempo
rary Building C.
The service also reports several
opportunities for jobs with the Bel!
Aircraft Corp. The 18 positions open
include various types of engineers,
technicians, draftsmen, designers,
and dynamicists.
A complete list of the specific po
sitions is on the Service's bulletin
board, but applications, including a
statement of previous experience,
should be mailed directly to: Man
ager, Engineering Personnel, Bell
Aircraft Corp., P.O. Box 1, Buffalo
5. N.Y.
A representative Irom the North
western Mutual Life Insurance Co.
will be on campus Monday to inter
view prospective graduates inter
ested in a career of selling life in
surance, announces the Placement
Service.
An interview schedule is posted at
the Placement Service in Tempo
rary Building C.
The service also reports several
opportunities for jobs with the Bel!
Aircraft Corp. The 18 positions open
include various types of engineers,
technicians, draftsmen, designers,
and dynamicists.
A complete list of the specific po
sitions is on the Service's bulletin
board, but applications, including a
statement of previous experience,
should be mailed directly to: Man
ager, Engineering Personnel, Bell
Aircraft Corp., P.O. Box 1, Buffalo
5. N.Y.
A representative Irom the North
western Mutual Life Insurance Co.
will be on campus Monday to inter
view prospective graduates inter
ested in a career of selling life in
surance, announces the Placement
Service.
An interview schedule is posted at
the Placement Service in Tempo
rary Building C.
The service also reports several
opportunities for jobs with the Bel!
Aircraft Corp. The 18 positions open
include various types of engineers,
technicians, draftsmen, designers,
and dynamicists.
A complete list of the specific po
sitions is on the Service's bulletin
board, but applications, including a
statement of previous experience,
should be mailed directly to: Man
ager, Engineering Personnel, Bell
Aircraft Corp., P.O. Box 1, Buffalo
5. N.Y.
A representative Irom the North
western Mutual Life Insurance Co.
will be on campus Monday to inter
view prospective graduates inter
ested in a career of selling life in
surance, announces the Placement
Service.
An interview schedule is posted at
the Placement Service in Tempo
rary Building C.
The service also reports several
opportunities for jobs with the Bel!
Aircraft Corp. The 18 positions open
include various types of engineers,
technicians, draftsmen, designers,
and dynamicists.
A complete list of the specific po
sitions is on the Service's bulletin
board, but applications, including a
statement of previous experience,
should be mailed directly to: Man
ager, Engineering Personnel, Bell
Aircraft Corp., P.O. Box 1, Buffalo
5. N.Y.
A representative Irom the North
western Mutual Life Insurance Co.
will be on campus Monday to inter
view prospective graduates inter
ested in a career of selling life in
surance, announces the Placement
Service.
An interview schedule is posted at
the Placement Service in Tempo
rary Building C.
The service also reports several
opportunities for jobs with the Bel!
Aircraft Corp. The 18 positions open
include various types of engineers,
technicians, draftsmen, designers,
and dynamicists.
A complete list of the specific po
sitions is on the Service's bulletin
board, but applications, including a
statement of previous experience,
should be mailed directly to: Man
ager, Engineering Personnel, Bell
Aircraft Corp., P.O. Box 1, Buffalo
5. N.Y.
A representative Irom the North
western Mutual Life Insurance Co.
will be on campus Monday to inter
view prospective graduates inter
ested in a career of selling life in
surance, announces the Placement
Service.
An interview schedule is posted at
the Placement Service in Tempo
rary Building C.
The service also reports several
opportunities for jobs with the Bel!
Aircraft Corp. The 18 positions open
include various types of engineers,
technicians, draftsmen, designers,
and dynamicists.
A complete list of the specific po
sitions is on the Service's bulletin
board, but applications, including a
statement of previous experience,
should be mailed directly to: Man
ager, Engineering Personnel, Bell
Aircraft Corp., P.O. Box 1, Buffalo
5. N.Y.
A representative Irom the North
western Mutual Life Insurance Co.
will be on campus Monday to inter
view prospective graduates inter
ested in a career of selling life in
surance, announces the Placement
Service.
An interview schedule is posted at
the Placement Service in Tempo
rary Building C.
The service also reports several
opportunities for jobs with the Bel!
Aircraft Corp. The 18 positions open
include various types of engineers,
technicians, draftsmen, designers,
and dynamicists.
A complete list of the specific po
sitions is on the Service's bulletin
board, but applications, including a
statement of previous experience,
should be mailed directly to: Man
ager, Engineering Personnel, Bell
Aircraft Corp., P.O. Box 1, Buffalo
5. N.Y.
A representative Irom the North
western Mutual Life Insurance Co.
will be on campus Monday to inter
view prospective graduates inter
ested in a career of selling life in
surance, announces the Placement
Service.
An interview schedule is posted at
the Placement Service in Tempo
rary Building C.
The service also reports several
opportunities for jobs with the Bel!
Aircraft Corp. The 18 positions open
include various types of engineers,
technicians, draftsmen, designers,
and dynamicists.
A complete list of the specific po
sitions is on the Service's bulletin
board, but applications, including a
statement of previous experience,
should be mailed directly to: Man
ager, Engineering Personnel, Bell
Aircraft Corp., P.O. Box 1, Buffalo
5. N.Y.
A representative Irom the North
western Mutual Life Insurance Co.
will be on campus Monday to inter
view prospective graduates inter
ested in a career of selling life in
surance, announces the Placement
Service.
An interview schedule is posted at
the Placement Service in Tempo
rary Building C.
The service also reports several
opportunities for jobs with the Bel!
Aircraft Corp. The 18 positions open
include various types of engineers,
technicians, draftsmen, designers,
and dynamicists.
A complete list of the specific po
sitions is on the Service's bulletin
board, but applications, including a
statement of previous experience,
should be mailed directly to: Man
ager, Engineering Personnel, Bell
Aircraft Corp., P.O. Box 1, Buffalo
5. N.Y.
A representative Irom the North
western Mutual Life Insurance Co.
will be on campus Monday to inter
view prospective graduates inter
ested in a career of selling life in
surance, announces the Placement
Service.
An interview schedule is posted at
the Placement Service in Tempo
rary Building C.
The service also reports several
opportunities for jobs with the Bel!
Aircraft Corp. The 18 positions open
include various types of engineers,
technicians, draftsmen, designers,
and dynamicists.
A complete list of the specific po
sitions is on the Service's bulletin
board, but applications, including a
statement of previous experience,
should be mailed directly to: Man
ager, Engineering Personnel, Bell
Aircraft Corp., P.O. Box 1, Buffalo
5. N.Y.
A representative Irom the North
western Mutual Life Insurance Co.
will be on campus Monday to inter
view prospective graduates inter
ested in a career of selling life in
surance, announces the Placement
Service.
An interview schedule is posted at
the Placement Service in Tempo
rary Building C.
The service also reports several
opportunities for jobs with the Bel!
Aircraft Corp. The 18 positions open
include various types of engineers,
technicians, draftsmen, designers,
and dynamicists.
A complete list of the specific po
sitions is on the Service's bulletin
board, but applications, including a
statement of previous experience,
should be mailed directly to: Man
ager, Engineering Personnel, Bell
Aircraft Corp., P.O. Box 1, Buffalo
5. N.Y.
A representative Irom the North
western Mutual Life Insurance Co.
will be on campus Monday to inter
view prospective graduates inter
ested in a career of selling life in
surance, announces the Placement
Service.
An interview schedule is posted at
the Placement Service in Tempo
rary Building C.
The service also reports several
opportunities for jobs with the Bel!
Aircraft Corp. The 18 positions open
include various types of engineers,
technicians, draftsmen, designers,
and dynamicists.
A complete list of the specific po
sitions is on the Service's bulletin
board, but applications, including a
statement of previous experience,
should be mailed directly to: Man
ager, Engineering Personnel, Bell
Aircraft Corp., P.O. Box 1, Buffalo
5. N.Y.
