# Village 'Jump'
## 
### 
Tickets for the Village "Jack
O'Lantern Jump" will see all this
week at the ASSU office at $.50a
couple, according to Jim Doolittle,
publicity chairman. They will also
sell at the Village on Friday.
Tickets for the Village "Jack
O'Lantern Jump" will see all this
week at the ASSU office at $.50a
couple, according to Jim Doolittle,
publicity chairman. They will also
sell at the Village on Friday.
Tickets for the Village "Jack
O'Lantern Jump" will see all this
week at the ASSU office at $.50a
couple, according to Jim Doolittle,
publicity chairman. They will also
sell at the Village on Friday.
Tickets for the Village "Jack
O'Lantern Jump" will see all this
week at the ASSU office at $.50a
couple, according to Jim Doolittle,
publicity chairman. They will also
sell at the Village on Friday.
Tickets for the Village "Jack
O'Lantern Jump" will see all this
week at the ASSU office at $.50a
couple, according to Jim Doolittle,
publicity chairman. They will also
sell at the Village on Friday.
Tickets for the Village "Jack
O'Lantern Jump" will see all this
week at the ASSU office at $.50a
couple, according to Jim Doolittle,
publicity chairman. They will also
sell at the Village on Friday.
Tickets for the Village "Jack
O'Lantern Jump" will see all this
week at the ASSU office at $.50a
couple, according to Jim Doolittle,
publicity chairman. They will also
sell at the Village on Friday.
Tickets for the Village "Jack
O'Lantern Jump" will see all this
week at the ASSU office at $.50a
couple, according to Jim Doolittle,
publicity chairman. They will also
sell at the Village on Friday.
Tickets for the Village "Jack
O'Lantern Jump" will see all this
week at the ASSU office at $.50a
couple, according to Jim Doolittle,
publicity chairman. They will also
sell at the Village on Friday.
Tickets for the Village "Jack
O'Lantern Jump" will see all this
week at the ASSU office at $.50a
couple, according to Jim Doolittle,
publicity chairman. They will also
sell at the Village on Friday.
Tickets for the Village "Jack
O'Lantern Jump" will see all this
week at the ASSU office at $.50a
couple, according to Jim Doolittle,
publicity chairman. They will also
sell at the Village on Friday.
Tickets for the Village "Jack
O'Lantern Jump" will see all this
week at the ASSU office at $.50a
couple, according to Jim Doolittle,
publicity chairman. They will also
sell at the Village on Friday.
Tickets for the Village "Jack
O'Lantern Jump" will see all this
week at the ASSU office at $.50a
couple, according to Jim Doolittle,
publicity chairman. They will also
sell at the Village on Friday.
Tickets for the Village "Jack
O'Lantern Jump" will see all this
week at the ASSU office at $.50a
couple, according to Jim Doolittle,
publicity chairman. They will also
sell at the Village on Friday.
Tickets for the Village "Jack
O'Lantern Jump" will see all this
week at the ASSU office at $.50a
couple, according to Jim Doolittle,
publicity chairman. They will also
sell at the Village on Friday.
Tickets for the Village "Jack
O'Lantern Jump" will see all this
week at the ASSU office at $.50a
couple, according to Jim Doolittle,
publicity chairman. They will also
sell at the Village on Friday.
