# Quad Reminds Seniors To Keep Appointments
## 
### 
Seniors who have photo appoint
ments for the 1948 Quad are re
quested to fill them, Business Man
ager George Bergland announced
yesterday. Although approximately
75 seniors are signed up for each
day, Bergland said, only about 40
show up.
Photographs will be taken in the
Quad shack through Nov. 13.
Seniors who have photo appoint
ments for the 1948 Quad are re
quested to fill them, Business Man
ager George Bergland announced
yesterday. Although approximately
75 seniors are signed up for each
day, Bergland said, only about 40
show up.
Photographs will be taken in the
Quad shack through Nov. 13.
Seniors who have photo appoint
ments for the 1948 Quad are re
quested to fill them, Business Man
ager George Bergland announced
yesterday. Although approximately
75 seniors are signed up for each
day, Bergland said, only about 40
show up.
Photographs will be taken in the
Quad shack through Nov. 13.
Seniors who have photo appoint
ments for the 1948 Quad are re
quested to fill them, Business Man
ager George Bergland announced
yesterday. Although approximately
75 seniors are signed up for each
day, Bergland said, only about 40
show up.
Photographs will be taken in the
Quad shack through Nov. 13.
Seniors who have photo appoint
ments for the 1948 Quad are re
quested to fill them, Business Man
ager George Bergland announced
yesterday. Although approximately
75 seniors are signed up for each
day, Bergland said, only about 40
show up.
Photographs will be taken in the
Quad shack through Nov. 13.
Seniors who have photo appoint
ments for the 1948 Quad are re
quested to fill them, Business Man
ager George Bergland announced
yesterday. Although approximately
75 seniors are signed up for each
day, Bergland said, only about 40
show up.
Photographs will be taken in the
Quad shack through Nov. 13.
Seniors who have photo appoint
ments for the 1948 Quad are re
quested to fill them, Business Man
ager George Bergland announced
yesterday. Although approximately
75 seniors are signed up for each
day, Bergland said, only about 40
show up.
Photographs will be taken in the
Quad shack through Nov. 13.
Seniors who have photo appoint
ments for the 1948 Quad are re
quested to fill them, Business Man
ager George Bergland announced
yesterday. Although approximately
75 seniors are signed up for each
day, Bergland said, only about 40
show up.
Photographs will be taken in the
Quad shack through Nov. 13.
Seniors who have photo appoint
ments for the 1948 Quad are re
quested to fill them, Business Man
ager George Bergland announced
yesterday. Although approximately
75 seniors are signed up for each
day, Bergland said, only about 40
show up.
Photographs will be taken in the
Quad shack through Nov. 13.
Seniors who have photo appoint
ments for the 1948 Quad are re
quested to fill them, Business Man
ager George Bergland announced
yesterday. Although approximately
75 seniors are signed up for each
day, Bergland said, only about 40
show up.
Photographs will be taken in the
Quad shack through Nov. 13.
Seniors who have photo appoint
ments for the 1948 Quad are re
quested to fill them, Business Man
ager George Bergland announced
yesterday. Although approximately
75 seniors are signed up for each
day, Bergland said, only about 40
show up.
Photographs will be taken in the
Quad shack through Nov. 13.
Seniors who have photo appoint
ments for the 1948 Quad are re
quested to fill them, Business Man
ager George Bergland announced
yesterday. Although approximately
75 seniors are signed up for each
day, Bergland said, only about 40
show up.
Photographs will be taken in the
Quad shack through Nov. 13.
Seniors who have photo appoint
ments for the 1948 Quad are re
quested to fill them, Business Man
ager George Bergland announced
yesterday. Although approximately
75 seniors are signed up for each
day, Bergland said, only about 40
show up.
Photographs will be taken in the
Quad shack through Nov. 13.
Seniors who have photo appoint
ments for the 1948 Quad are re
quested to fill them, Business Man
ager George Bergland announced
yesterday. Although approximately
75 seniors are signed up for each
day, Bergland said, only about 40
show up.
Photographs will be taken in the
Quad shack through Nov. 13.
Seniors who have photo appoint
ments for the 1948 Quad are re
quested to fill them, Business Man
ager George Bergland announced
yesterday. Although approximately
75 seniors are signed up for each
day, Bergland said, only about 40
show up.
Photographs will be taken in the
Quad shack through Nov. 13.
Seniors who have photo appoint
ments for the 1948 Quad are re
quested to fill them, Business Man
ager George Bergland announced
yesterday. Although approximately
75 seniors are signed up for each
day, Bergland said, only about 40
show up.
Photographs will be taken in the
Quad shack through Nov. 13.
