# Farm Flyers To Compete In Air Meet
## 
### 
Twelve of the Stanford Flying
Club's 25 members will participate
in next Saturday's Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Air Meet at Livermorc,
club president Walt Lull announced
yesterday.
Stanford's entry has been sent to
air meet headquarters at the Uni
versity of California. Clubs up and
down the coast will represent Wash
ington State, University of Califor
nia, Stanford, San Jose State, and
UCLA.
SIX EVENTS PLANNED
Events scheduled for the meet in
clude 180 and 360 degree spot land
ings, horizontal and dive bombing,
paper cutting, and landing over a
six-foot string barrier. Stanford will
nlace pilots in all six events, Lull
..dded.
Pilots are limited to a maximum
participation in any two events, and
no more than three pilots from any
one club may enter the same event.
Lull said a final pre-meet briefing
will be held for all club members
Thursday night at 7:30 in the third
fioor lounge of the Women's Club
house. Students interested in seeing
or joining the group may do so, Lull
continued.
DINNER FRIDAY
Six of the 12 pilots flynig in Sat
urday's meet will attend a briefing
dinner Friday night in Piedmont.
One of the meet's organizers will
host pilots from at least three of the
participating schools at his home.
Meanwhile, a final group practice
held at the Santa Clara Valley Air
port last Saturday revealed that the
Stanford team will be formidable in
the landing over a six-foot string
barrier event. Both Don Armstrong
and Ray Sanders set their planes in
for three-point landings under the
100-foot mark after passing over the
barrier.
Twelve of the Stanford Flying
Club's 25 members will participate
in next Saturday's Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Air Meet at Livermorc,
club president Walt Lull announced
yesterday.
Stanford's entry has been sent to
air meet headquarters at the Uni
versity of California. Clubs up and
down the coast will represent Wash
ington State, University of Califor
nia, Stanford, San Jose State, and
UCLA.
SIX EVENTS PLANNED
Events scheduled for the meet in
clude 180 and 360 degree spot land
ings, horizontal and dive bombing,
paper cutting, and landing over a
six-foot string barrier. Stanford will
nlace pilots in all six events, Lull
..dded.
Pilots are limited to a maximum
participation in any two events, and
no more than three pilots from any
one club may enter the same event.
Lull said a final pre-meet briefing
will be held for all club members
Thursday night at 7:30 in the third
fioor lounge of the Women's Club
house. Students interested in seeing
or joining the group may do so, Lull
continued.
DINNER FRIDAY
Six of the 12 pilots flynig in Sat
urday's meet will attend a briefing
dinner Friday night in Piedmont.
One of the meet's organizers will
host pilots from at least three of the
participating schools at his home.
Meanwhile, a final group practice
held at the Santa Clara Valley Air
port last Saturday revealed that the
Stanford team will be formidable in
the landing over a six-foot string
barrier event. Both Don Armstrong
and Ray Sanders set their planes in
for three-point landings under the
100-foot mark after passing over the
barrier.
Twelve of the Stanford Flying
Club's 25 members will participate
in next Saturday's Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Air Meet at Livermorc,
club president Walt Lull announced
yesterday.
Stanford's entry has been sent to
air meet headquarters at the Uni
versity of California. Clubs up and
down the coast will represent Wash
ington State, University of Califor
nia, Stanford, San Jose State, and
UCLA.
SIX EVENTS PLANNED
Events scheduled for the meet in
clude 180 and 360 degree spot land
ings, horizontal and dive bombing,
paper cutting, and landing over a
six-foot string barrier. Stanford will
nlace pilots in all six events, Lull
..dded.
Pilots are limited to a maximum
participation in any two events, and
no more than three pilots from any
one club may enter the same event.
Lull said a final pre-meet briefing
will be held for all club members
Thursday night at 7:30 in the third
fioor lounge of the Women's Club
house. Students interested in seeing
or joining the group may do so, Lull
continued.
DINNER FRIDAY
Six of the 12 pilots flynig in Sat
urday's meet will attend a briefing
dinner Friday night in Piedmont.
One of the meet's organizers will
host pilots from at least three of the
participating schools at his home.
Meanwhile, a final group practice
held at the Santa Clara Valley Air
port last Saturday revealed that the
Stanford team will be formidable in
the landing over a six-foot string
barrier event. Both Don Armstrong
and Ray Sanders set their planes in
for three-point landings under the
100-foot mark after passing over the
barrier.
Twelve of the Stanford Flying
Club's 25 members will participate
in next Saturday's Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Air Meet at Livermorc,
club president Walt Lull announced
yesterday.
Stanford's entry has been sent to
air meet headquarters at the Uni
versity of California. Clubs up and
down the coast will represent Wash
ington State, University of Califor
nia, Stanford, San Jose State, and
UCLA.
SIX EVENTS PLANNED
Events scheduled for the meet in
clude 180 and 360 degree spot land
ings, horizontal and dive bombing,
paper cutting, and landing over a
six-foot string barrier. Stanford will
nlace pilots in all six events, Lull
..dded.
Pilots are limited to a maximum
participation in any two events, and
no more than three pilots from any
one club may enter the same event.
Lull said a final pre-meet briefing
will be held for all club members
Thursday night at 7:30 in the third
fioor lounge of the Women's Club
house. Students interested in seeing
or joining the group may do so, Lull
continued.
DINNER FRIDAY
Six of the 12 pilots flynig in Sat
urday's meet will attend a briefing
dinner Friday night in Piedmont.
One of the meet's organizers will
host pilots from at least three of the
participating schools at his home.
Meanwhile, a final group practice
held at the Santa Clara Valley Air
port last Saturday revealed that the
Stanford team will be formidable in
the landing over a six-foot string
barrier event. Both Don Armstrong
and Ray Sanders set their planes in
for three-point landings under the
100-foot mark after passing over the
barrier.
Twelve of the Stanford Flying
Club's 25 members will participate
in next Saturday's Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Air Meet at Livermorc,
club president Walt Lull announced
yesterday.
Stanford's entry has been sent to
air meet headquarters at the Uni
versity of California. Clubs up and
down the coast will represent Wash
ington State, University of Califor
nia, Stanford, San Jose State, and
UCLA.
SIX EVENTS PLANNED
Events scheduled for the meet in
clude 180 and 360 degree spot land
ings, horizontal and dive bombing,
paper cutting, and landing over a
six-foot string barrier. Stanford will
nlace pilots in all six events, Lull
..dded.
Pilots are limited to a maximum
participation in any two events, and
no more than three pilots from any
one club may enter the same event.
Lull said a final pre-meet briefing
will be held for all club members
Thursday night at 7:30 in the third
fioor lounge of the Women's Club
house. Students interested in seeing
or joining the group may do so, Lull
continued.
DINNER FRIDAY
Six of the 12 pilots flynig in Sat
urday's meet will attend a briefing
dinner Friday night in Piedmont.
One of the meet's organizers will
host pilots from at least three of the
participating schools at his home.
Meanwhile, a final group practice
held at the Santa Clara Valley Air
port last Saturday revealed that the
Stanford team will be formidable in
the landing over a six-foot string
barrier event. Both Don Armstrong
and Ray Sanders set their planes in
for three-point landings under the
100-foot mark after passing over the
barrier.
Twelve of the Stanford Flying
Club's 25 members will participate
in next Saturday's Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Air Meet at Livermorc,
club president Walt Lull announced
yesterday.
Stanford's entry has been sent to
air meet headquarters at the Uni
versity of California. Clubs up and
down the coast will represent Wash
ington State, University of Califor
nia, Stanford, San Jose State, and
UCLA.
SIX EVENTS PLANNED
Events scheduled for the meet in
clude 180 and 360 degree spot land
ings, horizontal and dive bombing,
paper cutting, and landing over a
six-foot string barrier. Stanford will
nlace pilots in all six events, Lull
..dded.
Pilots are limited to a maximum
participation in any two events, and
no more than three pilots from any
one club may enter the same event.
Lull said a final pre-meet briefing
will be held for all club members
Thursday night at 7:30 in the third
fioor lounge of the Women's Club
house. Students interested in seeing
or joining the group may do so, Lull
continued.
DINNER FRIDAY
Six of the 12 pilots flynig in Sat
urday's meet will attend a briefing
dinner Friday night in Piedmont.
One of the meet's organizers will
host pilots from at least three of the
participating schools at his home.
Meanwhile, a final group practice
held at the Santa Clara Valley Air
port last Saturday revealed that the
Stanford team will be formidable in
the landing over a six-foot string
barrier event. Both Don Armstrong
and Ray Sanders set their planes in
for three-point landings under the
100-foot mark after passing over the
barrier.
Twelve of the Stanford Flying
Club's 25 members will participate
in next Saturday's Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Air Meet at Livermorc,
club president Walt Lull announced
yesterday.
Stanford's entry has been sent to
air meet headquarters at the Uni
versity of California. Clubs up and
down the coast will represent Wash
ington State, University of Califor
nia, Stanford, San Jose State, and
UCLA.
SIX EVENTS PLANNED
Events scheduled for the meet in
clude 180 and 360 degree spot land
ings, horizontal and dive bombing,
paper cutting, and landing over a
six-foot string barrier. Stanford will
nlace pilots in all six events, Lull
..dded.
Pilots are limited to a maximum
participation in any two events, and
no more than three pilots from any
one club may enter the same event.
Lull said a final pre-meet briefing
will be held for all club members
Thursday night at 7:30 in the third
fioor lounge of the Women's Club
house. Students interested in seeing
or joining the group may do so, Lull
continued.
DINNER FRIDAY
Six of the 12 pilots flynig in Sat
urday's meet will attend a briefing
dinner Friday night in Piedmont.
One of the meet's organizers will
host pilots from at least three of the
participating schools at his home.
Meanwhile, a final group practice
held at the Santa Clara Valley Air
port last Saturday revealed that the
Stanford team will be formidable in
the landing over a six-foot string
barrier event. Both Don Armstrong
and Ray Sanders set their planes in
for three-point landings under the
100-foot mark after passing over the
barrier.
Twelve of the Stanford Flying
Club's 25 members will participate
in next Saturday's Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Air Meet at Livermorc,
club president Walt Lull announced
yesterday.
Stanford's entry has been sent to
air meet headquarters at the Uni
versity of California. Clubs up and
down the coast will represent Wash
ington State, University of Califor
nia, Stanford, San Jose State, and
UCLA.
SIX EVENTS PLANNED
Events scheduled for the meet in
clude 180 and 360 degree spot land
ings, horizontal and dive bombing,
paper cutting, and landing over a
six-foot string barrier. Stanford will
nlace pilots in all six events, Lull
..dded.
Pilots are limited to a maximum
participation in any two events, and
no more than three pilots from any
one club may enter the same event.
Lull said a final pre-meet briefing
will be held for all club members
Thursday night at 7:30 in the third
fioor lounge of the Women's Club
house. Students interested in seeing
or joining the group may do so, Lull
continued.
DINNER FRIDAY
Six of the 12 pilots flynig in Sat
urday's meet will attend a briefing
dinner Friday night in Piedmont.
One of the meet's organizers will
host pilots from at least three of the
participating schools at his home.
Meanwhile, a final group practice
held at the Santa Clara Valley Air
port last Saturday revealed that the
Stanford team will be formidable in
the landing over a six-foot string
barrier event. Both Don Armstrong
and Ray Sanders set their planes in
for three-point landings under the
100-foot mark after passing over the
barrier.
Twelve of the Stanford Flying
Club's 25 members will participate
in next Saturday's Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Air Meet at Livermorc,
club president Walt Lull announced
yesterday.
Stanford's entry has been sent to
air meet headquarters at the Uni
versity of California. Clubs up and
down the coast will represent Wash
ington State, University of Califor
nia, Stanford, San Jose State, and
UCLA.
SIX EVENTS PLANNED
Events scheduled for the meet in
clude 180 and 360 degree spot land
ings, horizontal and dive bombing,
paper cutting, and landing over a
six-foot string barrier. Stanford will
nlace pilots in all six events, Lull
..dded.
Pilots are limited to a maximum
participation in any two events, and
no more than three pilots from any
one club may enter the same event.
Lull said a final pre-meet briefing
will be held for all club members
Thursday night at 7:30 in the third
fioor lounge of the Women's Club
house. Students interested in seeing
or joining the group may do so, Lull
continued.
DINNER FRIDAY
Six of the 12 pilots flynig in Sat
urday's meet will attend a briefing
dinner Friday night in Piedmont.
One of the meet's organizers will
host pilots from at least three of the
participating schools at his home.
Meanwhile, a final group practice
held at the Santa Clara Valley Air
port last Saturday revealed that the
Stanford team will be formidable in
the landing over a six-foot string
barrier event. Both Don Armstrong
and Ray Sanders set their planes in
for three-point landings under the
100-foot mark after passing over the
barrier.
Twelve of the Stanford Flying
Club's 25 members will participate
in next Saturday's Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Air Meet at Livermorc,
club president Walt Lull announced
yesterday.
Stanford's entry has been sent to
air meet headquarters at the Uni
versity of California. Clubs up and
down the coast will represent Wash
ington State, University of Califor
nia, Stanford, San Jose State, and
UCLA.
SIX EVENTS PLANNED
Events scheduled for the meet in
clude 180 and 360 degree spot land
ings, horizontal and dive bombing,
paper cutting, and landing over a
six-foot string barrier. Stanford will
nlace pilots in all six events, Lull
..dded.
Pilots are limited to a maximum
participation in any two events, and
no more than three pilots from any
one club may enter the same event.
Lull said a final pre-meet briefing
will be held for all club members
Thursday night at 7:30 in the third
fioor lounge of the Women's Club
house. Students interested in seeing
or joining the group may do so, Lull
continued.
DINNER FRIDAY
Six of the 12 pilots flynig in Sat
urday's meet will attend a briefing
dinner Friday night in Piedmont.
One of the meet's organizers will
host pilots from at least three of the
participating schools at his home.
Meanwhile, a final group practice
held at the Santa Clara Valley Air
port last Saturday revealed that the
Stanford team will be formidable in
the landing over a six-foot string
barrier event. Both Don Armstrong
and Ray Sanders set their planes in
for three-point landings under the
100-foot mark after passing over the
barrier.
Twelve of the Stanford Flying
Club's 25 members will participate
in next Saturday's Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Air Meet at Livermorc,
club president Walt Lull announced
yesterday.
Stanford's entry has been sent to
air meet headquarters at the Uni
versity of California. Clubs up and
down the coast will represent Wash
ington State, University of Califor
nia, Stanford, San Jose State, and
UCLA.
SIX EVENTS PLANNED
Events scheduled for the meet in
clude 180 and 360 degree spot land
ings, horizontal and dive bombing,
paper cutting, and landing over a
six-foot string barrier. Stanford will
nlace pilots in all six events, Lull
..dded.
Pilots are limited to a maximum
participation in any two events, and
no more than three pilots from any
one club may enter the same event.
Lull said a final pre-meet briefing
will be held for all club members
Thursday night at 7:30 in the third
fioor lounge of the Women's Club
house. Students interested in seeing
or joining the group may do so, Lull
continued.
DINNER FRIDAY
Six of the 12 pilots flynig in Sat
urday's meet will attend a briefing
dinner Friday night in Piedmont.
One of the meet's organizers will
host pilots from at least three of the
participating schools at his home.
Meanwhile, a final group practice
held at the Santa Clara Valley Air
port last Saturday revealed that the
Stanford team will be formidable in
the landing over a six-foot string
barrier event. Both Don Armstrong
and Ray Sanders set their planes in
for three-point landings under the
100-foot mark after passing over the
barrier.
Twelve of the Stanford Flying
Club's 25 members will participate
in next Saturday's Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Air Meet at Livermorc,
club president Walt Lull announced
yesterday.
Stanford's entry has been sent to
air meet headquarters at the Uni
versity of California. Clubs up and
down the coast will represent Wash
ington State, University of Califor
nia, Stanford, San Jose State, and
UCLA.
SIX EVENTS PLANNED
Events scheduled for the meet in
clude 180 and 360 degree spot land
ings, horizontal and dive bombing,
paper cutting, and landing over a
six-foot string barrier. Stanford will
nlace pilots in all six events, Lull
..dded.
Pilots are limited to a maximum
participation in any two events, and
no more than three pilots from any
one club may enter the same event.
Lull said a final pre-meet briefing
will be held for all club members
Thursday night at 7:30 in the third
fioor lounge of the Women's Club
house. Students interested in seeing
or joining the group may do so, Lull
continued.
DINNER FRIDAY
Six of the 12 pilots flynig in Sat
urday's meet will attend a briefing
dinner Friday night in Piedmont.
One of the meet's organizers will
host pilots from at least three of the
participating schools at his home.
Meanwhile, a final group practice
held at the Santa Clara Valley Air
port last Saturday revealed that the
Stanford team will be formidable in
the landing over a six-foot string
barrier event. Both Don Armstrong
and Ray Sanders set their planes in
for three-point landings under the
100-foot mark after passing over the
barrier.
Twelve of the Stanford Flying
Club's 25 members will participate
in next Saturday's Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Air Meet at Livermorc,
club president Walt Lull announced
yesterday.
Stanford's entry has been sent to
air meet headquarters at the Uni
versity of California. Clubs up and
down the coast will represent Wash
ington State, University of Califor
nia, Stanford, San Jose State, and
UCLA.
SIX EVENTS PLANNED
Events scheduled for the meet in
clude 180 and 360 degree spot land
ings, horizontal and dive bombing,
paper cutting, and landing over a
six-foot string barrier. Stanford will
nlace pilots in all six events, Lull
..dded.
Pilots are limited to a maximum
participation in any two events, and
no more than three pilots from any
one club may enter the same event.
Lull said a final pre-meet briefing
will be held for all club members
Thursday night at 7:30 in the third
fioor lounge of the Women's Club
house. Students interested in seeing
or joining the group may do so, Lull
continued.
DINNER FRIDAY
Six of the 12 pilots flynig in Sat
urday's meet will attend a briefing
dinner Friday night in Piedmont.
One of the meet's organizers will
host pilots from at least three of the
participating schools at his home.
Meanwhile, a final group practice
held at the Santa Clara Valley Air
port last Saturday revealed that the
Stanford team will be formidable in
the landing over a six-foot string
barrier event. Both Don Armstrong
and Ray Sanders set their planes in
for three-point landings under the
100-foot mark after passing over the
barrier.
Twelve of the Stanford Flying
Club's 25 members will participate
in next Saturday's Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Air Meet at Livermorc,
club president Walt Lull announced
yesterday.
Stanford's entry has been sent to
air meet headquarters at the Uni
versity of California. Clubs up and
down the coast will represent Wash
ington State, University of Califor
nia, Stanford, San Jose State, and
UCLA.
SIX EVENTS PLANNED
Events scheduled for the meet in
clude 180 and 360 degree spot land
ings, horizontal and dive bombing,
paper cutting, and landing over a
six-foot string barrier. Stanford will
nlace pilots in all six events, Lull
..dded.
Pilots are limited to a maximum
participation in any two events, and
no more than three pilots from any
one club may enter the same event.
Lull said a final pre-meet briefing
will be held for all club members
Thursday night at 7:30 in the third
fioor lounge of the Women's Club
house. Students interested in seeing
or joining the group may do so, Lull
continued.
DINNER FRIDAY
Six of the 12 pilots flynig in Sat
urday's meet will attend a briefing
dinner Friday night in Piedmont.
One of the meet's organizers will
host pilots from at least three of the
participating schools at his home.
Meanwhile, a final group practice
held at the Santa Clara Valley Air
port last Saturday revealed that the
Stanford team will be formidable in
the landing over a six-foot string
barrier event. Both Don Armstrong
and Ray Sanders set their planes in
for three-point landings under the
100-foot mark after passing over the
barrier.
Twelve of the Stanford Flying
Club's 25 members will participate
in next Saturday's Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Air Meet at Livermorc,
club president Walt Lull announced
yesterday.
Stanford's entry has been sent to
air meet headquarters at the Uni
versity of California. Clubs up and
down the coast will represent Wash
ington State, University of Califor
nia, Stanford, San Jose State, and
UCLA.
SIX EVENTS PLANNED
Events scheduled for the meet in
clude 180 and 360 degree spot land
ings, horizontal and dive bombing,
paper cutting, and landing over a
six-foot string barrier. Stanford will
nlace pilots in all six events, Lull
..dded.
Pilots are limited to a maximum
participation in any two events, and
no more than three pilots from any
one club may enter the same event.
Lull said a final pre-meet briefing
will be held for all club members
Thursday night at 7:30 in the third
fioor lounge of the Women's Club
house. Students interested in seeing
or joining the group may do so, Lull
continued.
DINNER FRIDAY
Six of the 12 pilots flynig in Sat
urday's meet will attend a briefing
dinner Friday night in Piedmont.
One of the meet's organizers will
host pilots from at least three of the
participating schools at his home.
Meanwhile, a final group practice
held at the Santa Clara Valley Air
port last Saturday revealed that the
Stanford team will be formidable in
the landing over a six-foot string
barrier event. Both Don Armstrong
and Ray Sanders set their planes in
for three-point landings under the
100-foot mark after passing over the
barrier.
Twelve of the Stanford Flying
Club's 25 members will participate
in next Saturday's Pacific Coast In
tercollegiate Air Meet at Livermorc,
club president Walt Lull announced
yesterday.
Stanford's entry has been sent to
air meet headquarters at the Uni
versity of California. Clubs up and
down the coast will represent Wash
ington State, University of Califor
nia, Stanford, San Jose State, and
UCLA.
SIX EVENTS PLANNED
Events scheduled for the meet in
clude 180 and 360 degree spot land
ings, horizontal and dive bombing,
paper cutting, and landing over a
six-foot string barrier. Stanford will
nlace pilots in all six events, Lull
..dded.
Pilots are limited to a maximum
participation in any two events, and
no more than three pilots from any
one club may enter the same event.
Lull said a final pre-meet briefing
will be held for all club members
Thursday night at 7:30 in the third
fioor lounge of the Women's Club
house. Students interested in seeing
or joining the group may do so, Lull
continued.
DINNER FRIDAY
Six of the 12 pilots flynig in Sat
urday's meet will attend a briefing
dinner Friday night in Piedmont.
One of the meet's organizers will
host pilots from at least three of the
participating schools at his home.
Meanwhile, a final group practice
held at the Santa Clara Valley Air
port last Saturday revealed that the
Stanford team will be formidable in
the landing over a six-foot string
barrier event. Both Don Armstrong
and Ray Sanders set their planes in
for three-point landings under the
100-foot mark after passing over the
barrier.
