# Director of Encina Club.
## 
### 
0. S. Lousley, '05, has resigned
as a member of the board of di
rectors of the Encina Club and
Itoyee R. Long, '05, has been ap
pointed by President W. F. Dunn
to take his place.
0. S. Lousley, '05, has resigned
as a member of the board of di
rectors of the Encina Club and
Itoyee R. Long, '05, has been ap
pointed by President W. F. Dunn
to take his place.
0. S. Lousley, '05, has resigned
as a member of the board of di
rectors of the Encina Club and
Itoyee R. Long, '05, has been ap
pointed by President W. F. Dunn
to take his place.
0. S. Lousley, '05, has resigned
as a member of the board of di
rectors of the Encina Club and
Itoyee R. Long, '05, has been ap
pointed by President W. F. Dunn
to take his place.
0. S. Lousley, '05, has resigned
as a member of the board of di
rectors of the Encina Club and
Itoyee R. Long, '05, has been ap
pointed by President W. F. Dunn
to take his place.
0. S. Lousley, '05, has resigned
as a member of the board of di
rectors of the Encina Club and
Itoyee R. Long, '05, has been ap
pointed by President W. F. Dunn
to take his place.
0. S. Lousley, '05, has resigned
as a member of the board of di
rectors of the Encina Club and
Itoyee R. Long, '05, has been ap
pointed by President W. F. Dunn
to take his place.
