# Train From San Jose.
## 
### 
A special train, leaving San Jose
at 7 j).in. and stopping only at,
Santa Clara and Mountain View,
will be run up in front of the As
sembly Hall next Friday night to
accommodate the large number of
people who are coming up to hear
the concert.
A special train, leaving San Jose
at 7 j).in. and stopping only at,
Santa Clara and Mountain View,
will be run up in front of the As
sembly Hall next Friday night to
accommodate the large number of
people who are coming up to hear
the concert.
A special train, leaving San Jose
at 7 j).in. and stopping only at,
Santa Clara and Mountain View,
will be run up in front of the As
sembly Hall next Friday night to
accommodate the large number of
people who are coming up to hear
the concert.
A special train, leaving San Jose
at 7 j).in. and stopping only at,
Santa Clara and Mountain View,
will be run up in front of the As
sembly Hall next Friday night to
accommodate the large number of
people who are coming up to hear
the concert.
A special train, leaving San Jose
at 7 j).in. and stopping only at,
Santa Clara and Mountain View,
will be run up in front of the As
sembly Hall next Friday night to
accommodate the large number of
people who are coming up to hear
the concert.
A special train, leaving San Jose
at 7 j).in. and stopping only at,
Santa Clara and Mountain View,
will be run up in front of the As
sembly Hall next Friday night to
accommodate the large number of
people who are coming up to hear
the concert.
A special train, leaving San Jose
at 7 j).in. and stopping only at,
Santa Clara and Mountain View,
will be run up in front of the As
sembly Hall next Friday night to
accommodate the large number of
people who are coming up to hear
the concert.
A special train, leaving San Jose
at 7 j).in. and stopping only at,
Santa Clara and Mountain View,
will be run up in front of the As
sembly Hall next Friday night to
accommodate the large number of
people who are coming up to hear
the concert.
