# Untitled Article
## 
### 
— YV. W. Price, '97, principal of
ii private preparatory school at
Alia, California, will conduct his
usual excursion of zoologists this
winter. The party will leave The
Needles, California,about December
20th, and will spend some fifteen
days going through the canyons of
the Colorado lliver to Yuma, Ari
zona. The length of the trip will
be three hundred and lifty miles.
— YV. W. Price, '97, principal of
ii private preparatory school at
Alia, California, will conduct his
usual excursion of zoologists this
winter. The party will leave The
Needles, California,about December
20th, and will spend some fifteen
days going through the canyons of
the Colorado lliver to Yuma, Ari
zona. The length of the trip will
be three hundred and lifty miles.
— YV. W. Price, '97, principal of
ii private preparatory school at
Alia, California, will conduct his
usual excursion of zoologists this
winter. The party will leave The
Needles, California,about December
20th, and will spend some fifteen
days going through the canyons of
the Colorado lliver to Yuma, Ari
zona. The length of the trip will
be three hundred and lifty miles.
— YV. W. Price, '97, principal of
ii private preparatory school at
Alia, California, will conduct his
usual excursion of zoologists this
winter. The party will leave The
Needles, California,about December
20th, and will spend some fifteen
days going through the canyons of
the Colorado lliver to Yuma, Ari
zona. The length of the trip will
be three hundred and lifty miles.
— YV. W. Price, '97, principal of
ii private preparatory school at
Alia, California, will conduct his
usual excursion of zoologists this
winter. The party will leave The
Needles, California,about December
20th, and will spend some fifteen
days going through the canyons of
the Colorado lliver to Yuma, Ari
zona. The length of the trip will
be three hundred and lifty miles.
— YV. W. Price, '97, principal of
ii private preparatory school at
Alia, California, will conduct his
usual excursion of zoologists this
winter. The party will leave The
Needles, California,about December
20th, and will spend some fifteen
days going through the canyons of
the Colorado lliver to Yuma, Ari
zona. The length of the trip will
be three hundred and lifty miles.
— YV. W. Price, '97, principal of
ii private preparatory school at
Alia, California, will conduct his
usual excursion of zoologists this
winter. The party will leave The
Needles, California,about December
20th, and will spend some fifteen
days going through the canyons of
the Colorado lliver to Yuma, Ari
zona. The length of the trip will
be three hundred and lifty miles.
— YV. W. Price, '97, principal of
ii private preparatory school at
Alia, California, will conduct his
usual excursion of zoologists this
winter. The party will leave The
Needles, California,about December
20th, and will spend some fifteen
days going through the canyons of
the Colorado lliver to Yuma, Ari
zona. The length of the trip will
be three hundred and lifty miles.
