# WANTS MORE GAMES.
## "Examiner" Says a Stanford Enthusiast Offers a $1,000 Trophy. 
### 
On the first page of the San
Francisco Examiner this morning
appeared an article from which the
following is quoted:
"A Stanford enthusiast has au
thorized the Examiner to offer a
trophy to cost $1,000 for the win
ner of two games in a three-g.'ime
contest, the dates of the games to
be determined by the respective
football managers.
"And if the University of Cali
fornia wants to say that it already
has won one of the games of the
series, the offer of a thousand
dollar trophy still stands," de
clares the Stanford enthusiast, who
is amply able and abundantly will
ing to make good his offer.
However, the offer of the big
trophy has been made. The money
to pay for it is ready. It merely
remains for the football men of the
two universities to say whether or
not they will go into the contest.
