# 45,000 Men to March In Big Review Today
## 
### 
FORT LEWIS, Wash., May 8 (UP).
—Forty-five thousand troops of the
Ninth Army Corps will pass in re
view tomorrow before Lieutenant
General John L. De Witt, command
ing officer of the Fourth Army, in
the greatest display of armed
strength here since World War days.
About 25,000 spectators, including
Governors of Washington and Ore
gon, were expected to pack the re
view field.
FORT LEWIS, Wash., May 8 (UP).
—Forty-five thousand troops of the
Ninth Army Corps will pass in re
view tomorrow before Lieutenant
General John L. De Witt, command
ing officer of the Fourth Army, in
the greatest display of armed
strength here since World War days.
About 25,000 spectators, including
Governors of Washington and Ore
gon, were expected to pack the re
view field.
FORT LEWIS, Wash., May 8 (UP).
—Forty-five thousand troops of the
Ninth Army Corps will pass in re
view tomorrow before Lieutenant
General John L. De Witt, command
ing officer of the Fourth Army, in
the greatest display of armed
strength here since World War days.
About 25,000 spectators, including
Governors of Washington and Ore
gon, were expected to pack the re
view field.
FORT LEWIS, Wash., May 8 (UP).
—Forty-five thousand troops of the
Ninth Army Corps will pass in re
view tomorrow before Lieutenant
General John L. De Witt, command
ing officer of the Fourth Army, in
the greatest display of armed
strength here since World War days.
About 25,000 spectators, including
Governors of Washington and Ore
gon, were expected to pack the re
view field.
FORT LEWIS, Wash., May 8 (UP).
—Forty-five thousand troops of the
Ninth Army Corps will pass in re
view tomorrow before Lieutenant
General John L. De Witt, command
ing officer of the Fourth Army, in
the greatest display of armed
strength here since World War days.
About 25,000 spectators, including
Governors of Washington and Ore
gon, were expected to pack the re
view field.
FORT LEWIS, Wash., May 8 (UP).
—Forty-five thousand troops of the
Ninth Army Corps will pass in re
view tomorrow before Lieutenant
General John L. De Witt, command
ing officer of the Fourth Army, in
the greatest display of armed
strength here since World War days.
About 25,000 spectators, including
Governors of Washington and Ore
gon, were expected to pack the re
view field.
FORT LEWIS, Wash., May 8 (UP).
—Forty-five thousand troops of the
Ninth Army Corps will pass in re
view tomorrow before Lieutenant
General John L. De Witt, command
ing officer of the Fourth Army, in
the greatest display of armed
strength here since World War days.
About 25,000 spectators, including
Governors of Washington and Ore
gon, were expected to pack the re
view field.
FORT LEWIS, Wash., May 8 (UP).
—Forty-five thousand troops of the
Ninth Army Corps will pass in re
view tomorrow before Lieutenant
General John L. De Witt, command
ing officer of the Fourth Army, in
the greatest display of armed
strength here since World War days.
About 25,000 spectators, including
Governors of Washington and Ore
gon, were expected to pack the re
view field.
FORT LEWIS, Wash., May 8 (UP).
—Forty-five thousand troops of the
Ninth Army Corps will pass in re
view tomorrow before Lieutenant
General John L. De Witt, command
ing officer of the Fourth Army, in
the greatest display of armed
strength here since World War days.
About 25,000 spectators, including
Governors of Washington and Ore
gon, were expected to pack the re
view field.
FORT LEWIS, Wash., May 8 (UP).
—Forty-five thousand troops of the
Ninth Army Corps will pass in re
view tomorrow before Lieutenant
General John L. De Witt, command
ing officer of the Fourth Army, in
the greatest display of armed
strength here since World War days.
About 25,000 spectators, including
Governors of Washington and Ore
gon, were expected to pack the re
view field.
FORT LEWIS, Wash., May 8 (UP).
—Forty-five thousand troops of the
Ninth Army Corps will pass in re
view tomorrow before Lieutenant
General John L. De Witt, command
ing officer of the Fourth Army, in
the greatest display of armed
strength here since World War days.
About 25,000 spectators, including
Governors of Washington and Ore
gon, were expected to pack the re
view field.
FORT LEWIS, Wash., May 8 (UP).
—Forty-five thousand troops of the
Ninth Army Corps will pass in re
view tomorrow before Lieutenant
General John L. De Witt, command
ing officer of the Fourth Army, in
the greatest display of armed
strength here since World War days.
About 25,000 spectators, including
Governors of Washington and Ore
gon, were expected to pack the re
view field.
FORT LEWIS, Wash., May 8 (UP).
—Forty-five thousand troops of the
Ninth Army Corps will pass in re
view tomorrow before Lieutenant
General John L. De Witt, command
ing officer of the Fourth Army, in
the greatest display of armed
strength here since World War days.
About 25,000 spectators, including
Governors of Washington and Ore
gon, were expected to pack the re
view field.
FORT LEWIS, Wash., May 8 (UP).
—Forty-five thousand troops of the
Ninth Army Corps will pass in re
view tomorrow before Lieutenant
General John L. De Witt, command
ing officer of the Fourth Army, in
the greatest display of armed
strength here since World War days.
About 25,000 spectators, including
Governors of Washington and Ore
gon, were expected to pack the re
view field.
FORT LEWIS, Wash., May 8 (UP).
—Forty-five thousand troops of the
Ninth Army Corps will pass in re
view tomorrow before Lieutenant
General John L. De Witt, command
ing officer of the Fourth Army, in
the greatest display of armed
strength here since World War days.
About 25,000 spectators, including
Governors of Washington and Ore
gon, were expected to pack the re
view field.
FORT LEWIS, Wash., May 8 (UP).
—Forty-five thousand troops of the
Ninth Army Corps will pass in re
view tomorrow before Lieutenant
General John L. De Witt, command
ing officer of the Fourth Army, in
the greatest display of armed
strength here since World War days.
About 25,000 spectators, including
Governors of Washington and Ore
gon, were expected to pack the re
view field.
FORT LEWIS, Wash., May 8 (UP).
—Forty-five thousand troops of the
Ninth Army Corps will pass in re
view tomorrow before Lieutenant
General John L. De Witt, command
ing officer of the Fourth Army, in
the greatest display of armed
strength here since World War days.
About 25,000 spectators, including
Governors of Washington and Ore
gon, were expected to pack the re
view field.
FORT LEWIS, Wash., May 8 (UP).
—Forty-five thousand troops of the
Ninth Army Corps will pass in re
view tomorrow before Lieutenant
General John L. De Witt, command
ing officer of the Fourth Army, in
the greatest display of armed
strength here since World War days.
About 25,000 spectators, including
Governors of Washington and Ore
gon, were expected to pack the re
view field.
