# Sex Appropriate?
## 
### 

Kev. Richard Roe told almost 2(M> stu
dents in the Otero Lounge last night
that people need to learn that there is
an appropriate way to express sexuality
in a given situation. Rev. Roe was
speaking in connection with Otero's
Sexual .Morality Symposium.

Kev. Richard Roe told almost 2(M> stu
dents in the Otero Lounge last night
that people need to learn that there is
an appropriate way to express sexuality
in a given situation. Rev. Roe was
speaking in connection with Otero's
Sexual .Morality Symposium.

Kev. Richard Roe told almost 2(M> stu
dents in the Otero Lounge last night
that people need to learn that there is
an appropriate way to express sexuality
in a given situation. Rev. Roe was
speaking in connection with Otero's
Sexual .Morality Symposium.

Kev. Richard Roe told almost 2(M> stu
dents in the Otero Lounge last night
that people need to learn that there is
an appropriate way to express sexuality
in a given situation. Rev. Roe was
speaking in connection with Otero's
Sexual .Morality Symposium.

Kev. Richard Roe told almost 2(M> stu
dents in the Otero Lounge last night
that people need to learn that there is
an appropriate way to express sexuality
in a given situation. Rev. Roe was
speaking in connection with Otero's
Sexual .Morality Symposium.

Kev. Richard Roe told almost 2(M> stu
dents in the Otero Lounge last night
that people need to learn that there is
an appropriate way to express sexuality
in a given situation. Rev. Roe was
speaking in connection with Otero's
Sexual .Morality Symposium.

Kev. Richard Roe told almost 2(M> stu
dents in the Otero Lounge last night
that people need to learn that there is
an appropriate way to express sexuality
in a given situation. Rev. Roe was
speaking in connection with Otero's
Sexual .Morality Symposium.

Kev. Richard Roe told almost 2(M> stu
dents in the Otero Lounge last night
that people need to learn that there is
an appropriate way to express sexuality
in a given situation. Rev. Roe was
speaking in connection with Otero's
Sexual .Morality Symposium.

Kev. Richard Roe told almost 2(M> stu
dents in the Otero Lounge last night
that people need to learn that there is
an appropriate way to express sexuality
in a given situation. Rev. Roe was
speaking in connection with Otero's
Sexual .Morality Symposium.

Kev. Richard Roe told almost 2(M> stu
dents in the Otero Lounge last night
that people need to learn that there is
an appropriate way to express sexuality
in a given situation. Rev. Roe was
speaking in connection with Otero's
Sexual .Morality Symposium.

Kev. Richard Roe told almost 2(M> stu
dents in the Otero Lounge last night
that people need to learn that there is
an appropriate way to express sexuality
in a given situation. Rev. Roe was
speaking in connection with Otero's
Sexual .Morality Symposium.

Kev. Richard Roe told almost 2(M> stu
dents in the Otero Lounge last night
that people need to learn that there is
an appropriate way to express sexuality
in a given situation. Rev. Roe was
speaking in connection with Otero's
Sexual .Morality Symposium.

Kev. Richard Roe told almost 2(M> stu
dents in the Otero Lounge last night
that people need to learn that there is
an appropriate way to express sexuality
in a given situation. Rev. Roe was
speaking in connection with Otero's
Sexual .Morality Symposium.

Kev. Richard Roe told almost 2(M> stu
dents in the Otero Lounge last night
that people need to learn that there is
an appropriate way to express sexuality
in a given situation. Rev. Roe was
speaking in connection with Otero's
Sexual .Morality Symposium.

Kev. Richard Roe told almost 2(M> stu
dents in the Otero Lounge last night
that people need to learn that there is
an appropriate way to express sexuality
in a given situation. Rev. Roe was
speaking in connection with Otero's
Sexual .Morality Symposium.
