# The 						Draft Got Him
## 
### 

JOHN MASON, a recent draft
choice of Philadelphia, is shown
knocking* oil' everything 1 thai
gets in his way. John is clearing
the way for Dave Lewis in the
contest against Cal. Mason is
also a mainstay of the Stanford
pitching staff and may possibly
overlook this opportunity for
pro-football, waiting until In
completes his pitching duties.
His arm may be in more demand
than his muscle.

JOHN MASON, a recent draft
choice of Philadelphia, is shown
knocking* oil' everything 1 thai
gets in his way. John is clearing
the way for Dave Lewis in the
contest against Cal. Mason is
also a mainstay of the Stanford
pitching staff and may possibly
overlook this opportunity for
pro-football, waiting until In
completes his pitching duties.
His arm may be in more demand
than his muscle.

JOHN MASON, a recent draft
choice of Philadelphia, is shown
knocking* oil' everything 1 thai
gets in his way. John is clearing
the way for Dave Lewis in the
contest against Cal. Mason is
also a mainstay of the Stanford
pitching staff and may possibly
overlook this opportunity for
pro-football, waiting until In
completes his pitching duties.
His arm may be in more demand
than his muscle.

JOHN MASON, a recent draft
choice of Philadelphia, is shown
knocking* oil' everything 1 thai
gets in his way. John is clearing
the way for Dave Lewis in the
contest against Cal. Mason is
also a mainstay of the Stanford
pitching staff and may possibly
overlook this opportunity for
pro-football, waiting until In
completes his pitching duties.
His arm may be in more demand
than his muscle.

JOHN MASON, a recent draft
choice of Philadelphia, is shown
knocking* oil' everything 1 thai
gets in his way. John is clearing
the way for Dave Lewis in the
contest against Cal. Mason is
also a mainstay of the Stanford
pitching staff and may possibly
overlook this opportunity for
pro-football, waiting until In
completes his pitching duties.
His arm may be in more demand
than his muscle.

JOHN MASON, a recent draft
choice of Philadelphia, is shown
knocking* oil' everything 1 thai
gets in his way. John is clearing
the way for Dave Lewis in the
contest against Cal. Mason is
also a mainstay of the Stanford
pitching staff and may possibly
overlook this opportunity for
pro-football, waiting until In
completes his pitching duties.
His arm may be in more demand
than his muscle.

JOHN MASON, a recent draft
choice of Philadelphia, is shown
knocking* oil' everything 1 thai
gets in his way. John is clearing
the way for Dave Lewis in the
contest against Cal. Mason is
also a mainstay of the Stanford
pitching staff and may possibly
overlook this opportunity for
pro-football, waiting until In
completes his pitching duties.
His arm may be in more demand
than his muscle.

JOHN MASON, a recent draft
choice of Philadelphia, is shown
knocking* oil' everything 1 thai
gets in his way. John is clearing
the way for Dave Lewis in the
contest against Cal. Mason is
also a mainstay of the Stanford
pitching staff and may possibly
overlook this opportunity for
pro-football, waiting until In
completes his pitching duties.
His arm may be in more demand
than his muscle.

JOHN MASON, a recent draft
choice of Philadelphia, is shown
knocking* oil' everything 1 thai
gets in his way. John is clearing
the way for Dave Lewis in the
contest against Cal. Mason is
also a mainstay of the Stanford
pitching staff and may possibly
overlook this opportunity for
pro-football, waiting until In
completes his pitching duties.
His arm may be in more demand
than his muscle.

JOHN MASON, a recent draft
choice of Philadelphia, is shown
knocking* oil' everything 1 thai
gets in his way. John is clearing
the way for Dave Lewis in the
contest against Cal. Mason is
also a mainstay of the Stanford
pitching staff and may possibly
overlook this opportunity for
pro-football, waiting until In
completes his pitching duties.
His arm may be in more demand
than his muscle.

JOHN MASON, a recent draft
choice of Philadelphia, is shown
knocking* oil' everything 1 thai
gets in his way. John is clearing
the way for Dave Lewis in the
contest against Cal. Mason is
also a mainstay of the Stanford
pitching staff and may possibly
overlook this opportunity for
pro-football, waiting until In
completes his pitching duties.
His arm may be in more demand
than his muscle.

JOHN MASON, a recent draft
choice of Philadelphia, is shown
knocking* oil' everything 1 thai
gets in his way. John is clearing
the way for Dave Lewis in the
contest against Cal. Mason is
also a mainstay of the Stanford
pitching staff and may possibly
overlook this opportunity for
pro-football, waiting until In
completes his pitching duties.
His arm may be in more demand
than his muscle.

JOHN MASON, a recent draft
choice of Philadelphia, is shown
knocking* oil' everything 1 thai
gets in his way. John is clearing
the way for Dave Lewis in the
contest against Cal. Mason is
also a mainstay of the Stanford
pitching staff and may possibly
overlook this opportunity for
pro-football, waiting until In
completes his pitching duties.
His arm may be in more demand
than his muscle.

JOHN MASON, a recent draft
choice of Philadelphia, is shown
knocking* oil' everything 1 thai
gets in his way. John is clearing
the way for Dave Lewis in the
contest against Cal. Mason is
also a mainstay of the Stanford
pitching staff and may possibly
overlook this opportunity for
pro-football, waiting until In
completes his pitching duties.
His arm may be in more demand
than his muscle.

JOHN MASON, a recent draft
choice of Philadelphia, is shown
knocking* oil' everything 1 thai
gets in his way. John is clearing
the way for Dave Lewis in the
contest against Cal. Mason is
also a mainstay of the Stanford
pitching staff and may possibly
overlook this opportunity for
pro-football, waiting until In
completes his pitching duties.
His arm may be in more demand
than his muscle.
