# Untitled Article
## 
### 
After a thorough try-out K. C. In
gram, '13, of Gilroy, today becomes .t
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
After a thorough try-out K. C. In
gram, '13, of Gilroy, today becomes .t
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
After a thorough try-out K. C. In
gram, '13, of Gilroy, today becomes .t
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
After a thorough try-out K. C. In
gram, '13, of Gilroy, today becomes .t
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
After a thorough try-out K. C. In
gram, '13, of Gilroy, today becomes .t
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
After a thorough try-out K. C. In
gram, '13, of Gilroy, today becomes .t
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
After a thorough try-out K. C. In
gram, '13, of Gilroy, today becomes .t
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
After a thorough try-out K. C. In
gram, '13, of Gilroy, today becomes .t
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
After a thorough try-out K. C. In
gram, '13, of Gilroy, today becomes .t
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
After a thorough try-out K. C. In
gram, '13, of Gilroy, today becomes .t
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
After a thorough try-out K. C. In
gram, '13, of Gilroy, today becomes .t
member of the assistant staff of the
Daily Palo Alto.
