# Dance Nets Profits For Union.
## 
### 
All receipts having been turned ii |
and all claims allowed Skull and i
Snakes finds that it has $45 to turn
over to the Stanford Union fund as a
result of the benefit dance given in
Armory Hall recently. The receipts
totalled $164 and rhe expenditures
$119. The smallness of the balance is
attributed to the rather disappointing
support given the affair by the Univer
sity public.
All receipts having been turned ii |
and all claims allowed Skull and i
Snakes finds that it has $45 to turn
over to the Stanford Union fund as a
result of the benefit dance given in
Armory Hall recently. The receipts
totalled $164 and rhe expenditures
$119. The smallness of the balance is
attributed to the rather disappointing
support given the affair by the Univer
sity public.
All receipts having been turned ii |
and all claims allowed Skull and i
Snakes finds that it has $45 to turn
over to the Stanford Union fund as a
result of the benefit dance given in
Armory Hall recently. The receipts
totalled $164 and rhe expenditures
$119. The smallness of the balance is
attributed to the rather disappointing
support given the affair by the Univer
sity public.
All receipts having been turned ii |
and all claims allowed Skull and i
Snakes finds that it has $45 to turn
over to the Stanford Union fund as a
result of the benefit dance given in
Armory Hall recently. The receipts
totalled $164 and rhe expenditures
$119. The smallness of the balance is
attributed to the rather disappointing
support given the affair by the Univer
sity public.
All receipts having been turned ii |
and all claims allowed Skull and i
Snakes finds that it has $45 to turn
over to the Stanford Union fund as a
result of the benefit dance given in
Armory Hall recently. The receipts
totalled $164 and rhe expenditures
$119. The smallness of the balance is
attributed to the rather disappointing
support given the affair by the Univer
sity public.
All receipts having been turned ii |
and all claims allowed Skull and i
Snakes finds that it has $45 to turn
over to the Stanford Union fund as a
result of the benefit dance given in
Armory Hall recently. The receipts
totalled $164 and rhe expenditures
$119. The smallness of the balance is
attributed to the rather disappointing
support given the affair by the Univer
sity public.
All receipts having been turned ii |
and all claims allowed Skull and i
Snakes finds that it has $45 to turn
over to the Stanford Union fund as a
result of the benefit dance given in
Armory Hall recently. The receipts
totalled $164 and rhe expenditures
$119. The smallness of the balance is
attributed to the rather disappointing
support given the affair by the Univer
sity public.
All receipts having been turned ii |
and all claims allowed Skull and i
Snakes finds that it has $45 to turn
over to the Stanford Union fund as a
result of the benefit dance given in
Armory Hall recently. The receipts
totalled $164 and rhe expenditures
$119. The smallness of the balance is
attributed to the rather disappointing
support given the affair by the Univer
sity public.
All receipts having been turned ii |
and all claims allowed Skull and i
Snakes finds that it has $45 to turn
over to the Stanford Union fund as a
result of the benefit dance given in
Armory Hall recently. The receipts
totalled $164 and rhe expenditures
$119. The smallness of the balance is
attributed to the rather disappointing
support given the affair by the Univer
sity public.
All receipts having been turned ii |
and all claims allowed Skull and i
Snakes finds that it has $45 to turn
over to the Stanford Union fund as a
result of the benefit dance given in
Armory Hall recently. The receipts
totalled $164 and rhe expenditures
$119. The smallness of the balance is
attributed to the rather disappointing
support given the affair by the Univer
sity public.
All receipts having been turned ii |
and all claims allowed Skull and i
Snakes finds that it has $45 to turn
over to the Stanford Union fund as a
result of the benefit dance given in
Armory Hall recently. The receipts
totalled $164 and rhe expenditures
$119. The smallness of the balance is
attributed to the rather disappointing
support given the affair by the Univer
sity public.
