# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
t" r i
DINNER DANCE
EVERY SATURDAY
NITE
Couv c r t Chnrgc 50c
a • ©
Monroe and Peacock and
Their 12-piccc Band
• 0 9
HOTEL
SAINT CLAIRE
San )ose, Calif.
t" r i
DINNER DANCE
EVERY SATURDAY
NITE
Couv c r t Chnrgc 50c
a • ©
Monroe and Peacock and
Their 12-piccc Band
• 0 9
HOTEL
SAINT CLAIRE
San )ose, Calif.
t" r i
DINNER DANCE
EVERY SATURDAY
NITE
Couv c r t Chnrgc 50c
a • ©
Monroe and Peacock and
Their 12-piccc Band
• 0 9
HOTEL
SAINT CLAIRE
San )ose, Calif.
t" r i
DINNER DANCE
EVERY SATURDAY
NITE
Couv c r t Chnrgc 50c
a • ©
Monroe and Peacock and
Their 12-piccc Band
• 0 9
HOTEL
SAINT CLAIRE
San )ose, Calif.
t" r i
DINNER DANCE
EVERY SATURDAY
NITE
Couv c r t Chnrgc 50c
a • ©
Monroe and Peacock and
Their 12-piccc Band
• 0 9
HOTEL
SAINT CLAIRE
San )ose, Calif.
t" r i
DINNER DANCE
EVERY SATURDAY
NITE
Couv c r t Chnrgc 50c
a • ©
Monroe and Peacock and
Their 12-piccc Band
• 0 9
HOTEL
SAINT CLAIRE
San )ose, Calif.
t" r i
DINNER DANCE
EVERY SATURDAY
NITE
Couv c r t Chnrgc 50c
a • ©
Monroe and Peacock and
Their 12-piccc Band
• 0 9
HOTEL
SAINT CLAIRE
San )ose, Calif.
t" r i
DINNER DANCE
EVERY SATURDAY
NITE
Couv c r t Chnrgc 50c
a • ©
Monroe and Peacock and
Their 12-piccc Band
• 0 9
HOTEL
SAINT CLAIRE
San )ose, Calif.
t" r i
DINNER DANCE
EVERY SATURDAY
NITE
Couv c r t Chnrgc 50c
a • ©
Monroe and Peacock and
Their 12-piccc Band
• 0 9
HOTEL
SAINT CLAIRE
San )ose, Calif.
t" r i
DINNER DANCE
EVERY SATURDAY
NITE
Couv c r t Chnrgc 50c
a • ©
Monroe and Peacock and
Their 12-piccc Band
• 0 9
HOTEL
SAINT CLAIRE
San )ose, Calif.
t" r i
DINNER DANCE
EVERY SATURDAY
NITE
Couv c r t Chnrgc 50c
a • ©
Monroe and Peacock and
Their 12-piccc Band
• 0 9
HOTEL
SAINT CLAIRE
San )ose, Calif.
t" r i
DINNER DANCE
EVERY SATURDAY
NITE
Couv c r t Chnrgc 50c
a • ©
Monroe and Peacock and
Their 12-piccc Band
• 0 9
HOTEL
SAINT CLAIRE
San )ose, Calif.
t" r i
DINNER DANCE
EVERY SATURDAY
NITE
Couv c r t Chnrgc 50c
a • ©
Monroe and Peacock and
Their 12-piccc Band
• 0 9
HOTEL
SAINT CLAIRE
San )ose, Calif.
t" r i
DINNER DANCE
EVERY SATURDAY
NITE
Couv c r t Chnrgc 50c
a • ©
Monroe and Peacock and
Their 12-piccc Band
• 0 9
HOTEL
SAINT CLAIRE
San )ose, Calif.
