# Adv. 9 Page 3
## 
### 
THE WHITE HOUSE
SHOE SALON, MAIN FLOOR
SPORTEENS
$3.95
Polo v/hife and brown,
whife with black, coffee
with brown, or all whife
$3.95
Co-Ed white pigskin or
beige service calf $3.95
Kiltie, white elkskin $3.95
For Co-Eds
Co-
Ss&r * P trtf |Jf V
mil K
\*Js!!pTrK/ S)
yrr* jy
( VW.V&
THE WHITE HOUSE
SHOE SALON, MAIN FLOOR
SPORTEENS
$3.95
Polo v/hife and brown,
whife with black, coffee
with brown, or all whife
$3.95
Co-Ed white pigskin or
beige service calf $3.95
Kiltie, white elkskin $3.95
For Co-Eds
Co-
Ss&r * P trtf |Jf V
mil K
\*Js!!pTrK/ S)
yrr* jy
( VW.V&
THE WHITE HOUSE
SHOE SALON, MAIN FLOOR
SPORTEENS
$3.95
Polo v/hife and brown,
whife with black, coffee
with brown, or all whife
$3.95
Co-Ed white pigskin or
beige service calf $3.95
Kiltie, white elkskin $3.95
For Co-Eds
Co-
Ss&r * P trtf |Jf V
mil K
\*Js!!pTrK/ S)
yrr* jy
( VW.V&
THE WHITE HOUSE
SHOE SALON, MAIN FLOOR
SPORTEENS
$3.95
Polo v/hife and brown,
whife with black, coffee
with brown, or all whife
$3.95
Co-Ed white pigskin or
beige service calf $3.95
Kiltie, white elkskin $3.95
For Co-Eds
Co-
Ss&r * P trtf |Jf V
mil K
\*Js!!pTrK/ S)
yrr* jy
( VW.V&
THE WHITE HOUSE
SHOE SALON, MAIN FLOOR
SPORTEENS
$3.95
Polo v/hife and brown,
whife with black, coffee
with brown, or all whife
$3.95
Co-Ed white pigskin or
beige service calf $3.95
Kiltie, white elkskin $3.95
For Co-Eds
Co-
Ss&r * P trtf |Jf V
mil K
\*Js!!pTrK/ S)
yrr* jy
( VW.V&
THE WHITE HOUSE
SHOE SALON, MAIN FLOOR
SPORTEENS
$3.95
Polo v/hife and brown,
whife with black, coffee
with brown, or all whife
$3.95
Co-Ed white pigskin or
beige service calf $3.95
Kiltie, white elkskin $3.95
For Co-Eds
Co-
Ss&r * P trtf |Jf V
mil K
\*Js!!pTrK/ S)
yrr* jy
( VW.V&
THE WHITE HOUSE
SHOE SALON, MAIN FLOOR
SPORTEENS
$3.95
Polo v/hife and brown,
whife with black, coffee
with brown, or all whife
$3.95
Co-Ed white pigskin or
beige service calf $3.95
Kiltie, white elkskin $3.95
For Co-Eds
Co-
Ss&r * P trtf |Jf V
mil K
\*Js!!pTrK/ S)
yrr* jy
( VW.V&
THE WHITE HOUSE
SHOE SALON, MAIN FLOOR
SPORTEENS
$3.95
Polo v/hife and brown,
whife with black, coffee
with brown, or all whife
$3.95
Co-Ed white pigskin or
beige service calf $3.95
Kiltie, white elkskin $3.95
For Co-Eds
Co-
Ss&r * P trtf |Jf V
mil K
\*Js!!pTrK/ S)
yrr* jy
( VW.V&
THE WHITE HOUSE
SHOE SALON, MAIN FLOOR
SPORTEENS
$3.95
Polo v/hife and brown,
whife with black, coffee
with brown, or all whife
$3.95
Co-Ed white pigskin or
beige service calf $3.95
Kiltie, white elkskin $3.95
For Co-Eds
Co-
Ss&r * P trtf |Jf V
mil K
\*Js!!pTrK/ S)
yrr* jy
( VW.V&
THE WHITE HOUSE
SHOE SALON, MAIN FLOOR
SPORTEENS
$3.95
Polo v/hife and brown,
whife with black, coffee
with brown, or all whife
$3.95
Co-Ed white pigskin or
beige service calf $3.95
Kiltie, white elkskin $3.95
For Co-Eds
Co-
Ss&r * P trtf |Jf V
mil K
\*Js!!pTrK/ S)
yrr* jy
( VW.V&
THE WHITE HOUSE
SHOE SALON, MAIN FLOOR
SPORTEENS
$3.95
Polo v/hife and brown,
whife with black, coffee
with brown, or all whife
$3.95
Co-Ed white pigskin or
beige service calf $3.95
Kiltie, white elkskin $3.95
For Co-Eds
Co-
Ss&r * P trtf |Jf V
mil K
\*Js!!pTrK/ S)
yrr* jy
( VW.V&
THE WHITE HOUSE
SHOE SALON, MAIN FLOOR
SPORTEENS
$3.95
Polo v/hife and brown,
whife with black, coffee
with brown, or all whife
$3.95
Co-Ed white pigskin or
beige service calf $3.95
Kiltie, white elkskin $3.95
For Co-Eds
Co-
Ss&r * P trtf |Jf V
mil K
\*Js!!pTrK/ S)
yrr* jy
( VW.V&
THE WHITE HOUSE
SHOE SALON, MAIN FLOOR
SPORTEENS
$3.95
Polo v/hife and brown,
whife with black, coffee
with brown, or all whife
$3.95
Co-Ed white pigskin or
beige service calf $3.95
Kiltie, white elkskin $3.95
For Co-Eds
Co-
Ss&r * P trtf |Jf V
mil K
\*Js!!pTrK/ S)
yrr* jy
( VW.V&
THE WHITE HOUSE
SHOE SALON, MAIN FLOOR
SPORTEENS
$3.95
Polo v/hife and brown,
whife with black, coffee
with brown, or all whife
$3.95
Co-Ed white pigskin or
beige service calf $3.95
Kiltie, white elkskin $3.95
For Co-Eds
Co-
Ss&r * P trtf |Jf V
mil K
\*Js!!pTrK/ S)
yrr* jy
( VW.V&
