# College, High School Men Eligible For Sutro Swim
## 
### 
All college and day and night
high-school swimmers are eligible
for the second annual Bay Counties
Swimming Meet at Sutro Baths, San
Francisco, tomorrow night at 8
o'clock. The event is sponsored by
Commerce Evening High School.
Eleven Stanford swimmers, head
ed by Captain Fred Tebbetts and
including Bob Clark, Burke Knapp,
Ken Livingston, Dick Hirsch, Jimmy
Triolo, De Myers, Tom Boothe,
George Fuller, Frank Shallenber
ger, and Harold Fitting, >will take
part.
All college and day and night
high-school swimmers are eligible
for the second annual Bay Counties
Swimming Meet at Sutro Baths, San
Francisco, tomorrow night at 8
o'clock. The event is sponsored by
Commerce Evening High School.
Eleven Stanford swimmers, head
ed by Captain Fred Tebbetts and
including Bob Clark, Burke Knapp,
Ken Livingston, Dick Hirsch, Jimmy
Triolo, De Myers, Tom Boothe,
George Fuller, Frank Shallenber
ger, and Harold Fitting, >will take
part.
All college and day and night
high-school swimmers are eligible
for the second annual Bay Counties
Swimming Meet at Sutro Baths, San
Francisco, tomorrow night at 8
o'clock. The event is sponsored by
Commerce Evening High School.
Eleven Stanford swimmers, head
ed by Captain Fred Tebbetts and
including Bob Clark, Burke Knapp,
Ken Livingston, Dick Hirsch, Jimmy
Triolo, De Myers, Tom Boothe,
George Fuller, Frank Shallenber
ger, and Harold Fitting, >will take
part.
All college and day and night
high-school swimmers are eligible
for the second annual Bay Counties
Swimming Meet at Sutro Baths, San
Francisco, tomorrow night at 8
o'clock. The event is sponsored by
Commerce Evening High School.
Eleven Stanford swimmers, head
ed by Captain Fred Tebbetts and
including Bob Clark, Burke Knapp,
Ken Livingston, Dick Hirsch, Jimmy
Triolo, De Myers, Tom Boothe,
George Fuller, Frank Shallenber
ger, and Harold Fitting, >will take
part.
All college and day and night
high-school swimmers are eligible
for the second annual Bay Counties
Swimming Meet at Sutro Baths, San
Francisco, tomorrow night at 8
o'clock. The event is sponsored by
Commerce Evening High School.
Eleven Stanford swimmers, head
ed by Captain Fred Tebbetts and
including Bob Clark, Burke Knapp,
Ken Livingston, Dick Hirsch, Jimmy
Triolo, De Myers, Tom Boothe,
George Fuller, Frank Shallenber
ger, and Harold Fitting, >will take
part.
All college and day and night
high-school swimmers are eligible
for the second annual Bay Counties
Swimming Meet at Sutro Baths, San
Francisco, tomorrow night at 8
o'clock. The event is sponsored by
Commerce Evening High School.
Eleven Stanford swimmers, head
ed by Captain Fred Tebbetts and
including Bob Clark, Burke Knapp,
Ken Livingston, Dick Hirsch, Jimmy
Triolo, De Myers, Tom Boothe,
George Fuller, Frank Shallenber
ger, and Harold Fitting, >will take
part.
All college and day and night
high-school swimmers are eligible
for the second annual Bay Counties
Swimming Meet at Sutro Baths, San
Francisco, tomorrow night at 8
o'clock. The event is sponsored by
Commerce Evening High School.
Eleven Stanford swimmers, head
ed by Captain Fred Tebbetts and
including Bob Clark, Burke Knapp,
Ken Livingston, Dick Hirsch, Jimmy
Triolo, De Myers, Tom Boothe,
George Fuller, Frank Shallenber
ger, and Harold Fitting, >will take
part.
All college and day and night
high-school swimmers are eligible
for the second annual Bay Counties
Swimming Meet at Sutro Baths, San
Francisco, tomorrow night at 8
o'clock. The event is sponsored by
Commerce Evening High School.
Eleven Stanford swimmers, head
ed by Captain Fred Tebbetts and
including Bob Clark, Burke Knapp,
Ken Livingston, Dick Hirsch, Jimmy
Triolo, De Myers, Tom Boothe,
George Fuller, Frank Shallenber
ger, and Harold Fitting, >will take
part.
All college and day and night
high-school swimmers are eligible
for the second annual Bay Counties
Swimming Meet at Sutro Baths, San
Francisco, tomorrow night at 8
o'clock. The event is sponsored by
Commerce Evening High School.
Eleven Stanford swimmers, head
ed by Captain Fred Tebbetts and
including Bob Clark, Burke Knapp,
Ken Livingston, Dick Hirsch, Jimmy
Triolo, De Myers, Tom Boothe,
George Fuller, Frank Shallenber
ger, and Harold Fitting, >will take
part.
All college and day and night
high-school swimmers are eligible
for the second annual Bay Counties
Swimming Meet at Sutro Baths, San
Francisco, tomorrow night at 8
o'clock. The event is sponsored by
Commerce Evening High School.
Eleven Stanford swimmers, head
ed by Captain Fred Tebbetts and
including Bob Clark, Burke Knapp,
Ken Livingston, Dick Hirsch, Jimmy
Triolo, De Myers, Tom Boothe,
George Fuller, Frank Shallenber
ger, and Harold Fitting, >will take
part.
All college and day and night
high-school swimmers are eligible
for the second annual Bay Counties
Swimming Meet at Sutro Baths, San
Francisco, tomorrow night at 8
o'clock. The event is sponsored by
Commerce Evening High School.
Eleven Stanford swimmers, head
ed by Captain Fred Tebbetts and
including Bob Clark, Burke Knapp,
Ken Livingston, Dick Hirsch, Jimmy
Triolo, De Myers, Tom Boothe,
George Fuller, Frank Shallenber
ger, and Harold Fitting, >will take
part.
All college and day and night
high-school swimmers are eligible
for the second annual Bay Counties
Swimming Meet at Sutro Baths, San
Francisco, tomorrow night at 8
o'clock. The event is sponsored by
Commerce Evening High School.
Eleven Stanford swimmers, head
ed by Captain Fred Tebbetts and
including Bob Clark, Burke Knapp,
Ken Livingston, Dick Hirsch, Jimmy
Triolo, De Myers, Tom Boothe,
George Fuller, Frank Shallenber
ger, and Harold Fitting, >will take
part.
All college and day and night
high-school swimmers are eligible
for the second annual Bay Counties
Swimming Meet at Sutro Baths, San
Francisco, tomorrow night at 8
o'clock. The event is sponsored by
Commerce Evening High School.
Eleven Stanford swimmers, head
ed by Captain Fred Tebbetts and
including Bob Clark, Burke Knapp,
Ken Livingston, Dick Hirsch, Jimmy
Triolo, De Myers, Tom Boothe,
George Fuller, Frank Shallenber
ger, and Harold Fitting, >will take
part.
All college and day and night
high-school swimmers are eligible
for the second annual Bay Counties
Swimming Meet at Sutro Baths, San
Francisco, tomorrow night at 8
o'clock. The event is sponsored by
Commerce Evening High School.
Eleven Stanford swimmers, head
ed by Captain Fred Tebbetts and
including Bob Clark, Burke Knapp,
Ken Livingston, Dick Hirsch, Jimmy
Triolo, De Myers, Tom Boothe,
George Fuller, Frank Shallenber
ger, and Harold Fitting, >will take
part.
