# Grantier Chosen Head Of '33-'34 Daily Circulation
## 
### 
Robert Grantier was recently ap
pointed Circulation Manager of the
Stanford Daily for 1933-34 by Keith
Collins, present Business Manager.
Grantier's appointment was ap
proved this week by the publica
tions council.
The new appointee gained his po
sition after competition throughout
the year with other members of the
circulation department. Grantier
will replace R. Willard deWecse in
this position.
Robert Grantier was recently ap
pointed Circulation Manager of the
Stanford Daily for 1933-34 by Keith
Collins, present Business Manager.
Grantier's appointment was ap
proved this week by the publica
tions council.
The new appointee gained his po
sition after competition throughout
the year with other members of the
circulation department. Grantier
will replace R. Willard deWecse in
this position.
Robert Grantier was recently ap
pointed Circulation Manager of the
Stanford Daily for 1933-34 by Keith
Collins, present Business Manager.
Grantier's appointment was ap
proved this week by the publica
tions council.
The new appointee gained his po
sition after competition throughout
the year with other members of the
circulation department. Grantier
will replace R. Willard deWecse in
this position.
Robert Grantier was recently ap
pointed Circulation Manager of the
Stanford Daily for 1933-34 by Keith
Collins, present Business Manager.
Grantier's appointment was ap
proved this week by the publica
tions council.
The new appointee gained his po
sition after competition throughout
the year with other members of the
circulation department. Grantier
will replace R. Willard deWecse in
this position.
Robert Grantier was recently ap
pointed Circulation Manager of the
Stanford Daily for 1933-34 by Keith
Collins, present Business Manager.
Grantier's appointment was ap
proved this week by the publica
tions council.
The new appointee gained his po
sition after competition throughout
the year with other members of the
circulation department. Grantier
will replace R. Willard deWecse in
this position.
Robert Grantier was recently ap
pointed Circulation Manager of the
Stanford Daily for 1933-34 by Keith
Collins, present Business Manager.
Grantier's appointment was ap
proved this week by the publica
tions council.
The new appointee gained his po
sition after competition throughout
the year with other members of the
circulation department. Grantier
will replace R. Willard deWecse in
this position.
Robert Grantier was recently ap
pointed Circulation Manager of the
Stanford Daily for 1933-34 by Keith
Collins, present Business Manager.
Grantier's appointment was ap
proved this week by the publica
tions council.
The new appointee gained his po
sition after competition throughout
the year with other members of the
circulation department. Grantier
will replace R. Willard deWecse in
this position.
Robert Grantier was recently ap
pointed Circulation Manager of the
Stanford Daily for 1933-34 by Keith
Collins, present Business Manager.
Grantier's appointment was ap
proved this week by the publica
tions council.
The new appointee gained his po
sition after competition throughout
the year with other members of the
circulation department. Grantier
will replace R. Willard deWecse in
this position.
Robert Grantier was recently ap
pointed Circulation Manager of the
Stanford Daily for 1933-34 by Keith
Collins, present Business Manager.
Grantier's appointment was ap
proved this week by the publica
tions council.
The new appointee gained his po
sition after competition throughout
the year with other members of the
circulation department. Grantier
will replace R. Willard deWecse in
this position.
Robert Grantier was recently ap
pointed Circulation Manager of the
Stanford Daily for 1933-34 by Keith
Collins, present Business Manager.
Grantier's appointment was ap
proved this week by the publica
tions council.
The new appointee gained his po
sition after competition throughout
the year with other members of the
circulation department. Grantier
will replace R. Willard deWecse in
this position.
Robert Grantier was recently ap
pointed Circulation Manager of the
Stanford Daily for 1933-34 by Keith
Collins, present Business Manager.
Grantier's appointment was ap
proved this week by the publica
tions council.
The new appointee gained his po
sition after competition throughout
the year with other members of the
circulation department. Grantier
will replace R. Willard deWecse in
this position.
Robert Grantier was recently ap
pointed Circulation Manager of the
Stanford Daily for 1933-34 by Keith
Collins, present Business Manager.
Grantier's appointment was ap
proved this week by the publica
tions council.
The new appointee gained his po
sition after competition throughout
the year with other members of the
circulation department. Grantier
will replace R. Willard deWecse in
this position.
Robert Grantier was recently ap
pointed Circulation Manager of the
Stanford Daily for 1933-34 by Keith
Collins, present Business Manager.
Grantier's appointment was ap
proved this week by the publica
tions council.
The new appointee gained his po
sition after competition throughout
the year with other members of the
circulation department. Grantier
will replace R. Willard deWecse in
this position.
Robert Grantier was recently ap
pointed Circulation Manager of the
Stanford Daily for 1933-34 by Keith
Collins, present Business Manager.
Grantier's appointment was ap
proved this week by the publica
tions council.
The new appointee gained his po
sition after competition throughout
the year with other members of the
circulation department. Grantier
will replace R. Willard deWecse in
this position.
