# Farm Sends Four Delegates to Mills
## 
### 
Four members of the women's
Hygiene and Physical Education
Department of Stanford will attend
the Pacific Coast section of the
American Students Health Associa
tion to be held at Mills College Fri
day and Saturday.
Those who are attending are Mrs.
Maude L. Knapp, Miss Catherine
Worthingham, Dr. Kathleen Kilga
riff, and Dr. Helen Pryor. Dr. Pryor
will participate in the program at
the section.
Four members of the women's
Hygiene and Physical Education
Department of Stanford will attend
the Pacific Coast section of the
American Students Health Associa
tion to be held at Mills College Fri
day and Saturday.
Those who are attending are Mrs.
Maude L. Knapp, Miss Catherine
Worthingham, Dr. Kathleen Kilga
riff, and Dr. Helen Pryor. Dr. Pryor
will participate in the program at
the section.
Four members of the women's
Hygiene and Physical Education
Department of Stanford will attend
the Pacific Coast section of the
American Students Health Associa
tion to be held at Mills College Fri
day and Saturday.
Those who are attending are Mrs.
Maude L. Knapp, Miss Catherine
Worthingham, Dr. Kathleen Kilga
riff, and Dr. Helen Pryor. Dr. Pryor
will participate in the program at
the section.
Four members of the women's
Hygiene and Physical Education
Department of Stanford will attend
the Pacific Coast section of the
American Students Health Associa
tion to be held at Mills College Fri
day and Saturday.
Those who are attending are Mrs.
Maude L. Knapp, Miss Catherine
Worthingham, Dr. Kathleen Kilga
riff, and Dr. Helen Pryor. Dr. Pryor
will participate in the program at
the section.
Four members of the women's
Hygiene and Physical Education
Department of Stanford will attend
the Pacific Coast section of the
American Students Health Associa
tion to be held at Mills College Fri
day and Saturday.
Those who are attending are Mrs.
Maude L. Knapp, Miss Catherine
Worthingham, Dr. Kathleen Kilga
riff, and Dr. Helen Pryor. Dr. Pryor
will participate in the program at
the section.
Four members of the women's
Hygiene and Physical Education
Department of Stanford will attend
the Pacific Coast section of the
American Students Health Associa
tion to be held at Mills College Fri
day and Saturday.
Those who are attending are Mrs.
Maude L. Knapp, Miss Catherine
Worthingham, Dr. Kathleen Kilga
riff, and Dr. Helen Pryor. Dr. Pryor
will participate in the program at
the section.
Four members of the women's
Hygiene and Physical Education
Department of Stanford will attend
the Pacific Coast section of the
American Students Health Associa
tion to be held at Mills College Fri
day and Saturday.
Those who are attending are Mrs.
Maude L. Knapp, Miss Catherine
Worthingham, Dr. Kathleen Kilga
riff, and Dr. Helen Pryor. Dr. Pryor
will participate in the program at
the section.
Four members of the women's
Hygiene and Physical Education
Department of Stanford will attend
the Pacific Coast section of the
American Students Health Associa
tion to be held at Mills College Fri
day and Saturday.
Those who are attending are Mrs.
Maude L. Knapp, Miss Catherine
Worthingham, Dr. Kathleen Kilga
riff, and Dr. Helen Pryor. Dr. Pryor
will participate in the program at
the section.
Four members of the women's
Hygiene and Physical Education
Department of Stanford will attend
the Pacific Coast section of the
American Students Health Associa
tion to be held at Mills College Fri
day and Saturday.
Those who are attending are Mrs.
Maude L. Knapp, Miss Catherine
Worthingham, Dr. Kathleen Kilga
riff, and Dr. Helen Pryor. Dr. Pryor
will participate in the program at
the section.
Four members of the women's
Hygiene and Physical Education
Department of Stanford will attend
the Pacific Coast section of the
American Students Health Associa
tion to be held at Mills College Fri
day and Saturday.
Those who are attending are Mrs.
Maude L. Knapp, Miss Catherine
Worthingham, Dr. Kathleen Kilga
riff, and Dr. Helen Pryor. Dr. Pryor
will participate in the program at
the section.
Four members of the women's
Hygiene and Physical Education
Department of Stanford will attend
the Pacific Coast section of the
American Students Health Associa
tion to be held at Mills College Fri
day and Saturday.
Those who are attending are Mrs.
Maude L. Knapp, Miss Catherine
Worthingham, Dr. Kathleen Kilga
riff, and Dr. Helen Pryor. Dr. Pryor
will participate in the program at
the section.
Four members of the women's
Hygiene and Physical Education
Department of Stanford will attend
the Pacific Coast section of the
American Students Health Associa
tion to be held at Mills College Fri
day and Saturday.
Those who are attending are Mrs.
Maude L. Knapp, Miss Catherine
Worthingham, Dr. Kathleen Kilga
riff, and Dr. Helen Pryor. Dr. Pryor
will participate in the program at
the section.
Four members of the women's
Hygiene and Physical Education
Department of Stanford will attend
the Pacific Coast section of the
American Students Health Associa
tion to be held at Mills College Fri
day and Saturday.
Those who are attending are Mrs.
Maude L. Knapp, Miss Catherine
Worthingham, Dr. Kathleen Kilga
riff, and Dr. Helen Pryor. Dr. Pryor
will participate in the program at
the section.
Four members of the women's
Hygiene and Physical Education
Department of Stanford will attend
the Pacific Coast section of the
American Students Health Associa
tion to be held at Mills College Fri
day and Saturday.
Those who are attending are Mrs.
Maude L. Knapp, Miss Catherine
Worthingham, Dr. Kathleen Kilga
riff, and Dr. Helen Pryor. Dr. Pryor
will participate in the program at
the section.
Four members of the women's
Hygiene and Physical Education
Department of Stanford will attend
the Pacific Coast section of the
American Students Health Associa
tion to be held at Mills College Fri
day and Saturday.
Those who are attending are Mrs.
Maude L. Knapp, Miss Catherine
Worthingham, Dr. Kathleen Kilga
riff, and Dr. Helen Pryor. Dr. Pryor
will participate in the program at
the section.
Four members of the women's
Hygiene and Physical Education
Department of Stanford will attend
the Pacific Coast section of the
American Students Health Associa
tion to be held at Mills College Fri
day and Saturday.
Those who are attending are Mrs.
Maude L. Knapp, Miss Catherine
Worthingham, Dr. Kathleen Kilga
riff, and Dr. Helen Pryor. Dr. Pryor
will participate in the program at
the section.
