# Alpha Delts Play Phi Sigs Tonight
## 
### 
Stanford's first season of intra
mural volleyball will come to a close
tonight when Alpha Delta Phi and
Phi Kuppa Sigma meet for the Uni
versity championship in Encina Gym
at 7:30 o'clock.
The two finalists have emerged
from league seasons undefeated, and
each has climbed two ranks in the
bracket playoffs. Both are strong
all-dround teams with plenty of
front rank power. The Phi Kap of
fense is built around Gordon Casa
mapor, while Jim Seaver is the out
standing Alpha Delt killer. Alpha
Delta Phi will enter the game a
slight favorite.
Volleyball, begun this fall as an
experimental major intramural sport,
has proved its worth, and will stay
permanently on the docket, accord
ing to the intramural manager.
Stanford's first season of intra
mural volleyball will come to a close
tonight when Alpha Delta Phi and
Phi Kuppa Sigma meet for the Uni
versity championship in Encina Gym
at 7:30 o'clock.
The two finalists have emerged
from league seasons undefeated, and
each has climbed two ranks in the
bracket playoffs. Both are strong
all-dround teams with plenty of
front rank power. The Phi Kap of
fense is built around Gordon Casa
mapor, while Jim Seaver is the out
standing Alpha Delt killer. Alpha
Delta Phi will enter the game a
slight favorite.
Volleyball, begun this fall as an
experimental major intramural sport,
has proved its worth, and will stay
permanently on the docket, accord
ing to the intramural manager.
Stanford's first season of intra
mural volleyball will come to a close
tonight when Alpha Delta Phi and
Phi Kuppa Sigma meet for the Uni
versity championship in Encina Gym
at 7:30 o'clock.
The two finalists have emerged
from league seasons undefeated, and
each has climbed two ranks in the
bracket playoffs. Both are strong
all-dround teams with plenty of
front rank power. The Phi Kap of
fense is built around Gordon Casa
mapor, while Jim Seaver is the out
standing Alpha Delt killer. Alpha
Delta Phi will enter the game a
slight favorite.
Volleyball, begun this fall as an
experimental major intramural sport,
has proved its worth, and will stay
permanently on the docket, accord
ing to the intramural manager.
Stanford's first season of intra
mural volleyball will come to a close
tonight when Alpha Delta Phi and
Phi Kuppa Sigma meet for the Uni
versity championship in Encina Gym
at 7:30 o'clock.
The two finalists have emerged
from league seasons undefeated, and
each has climbed two ranks in the
bracket playoffs. Both are strong
all-dround teams with plenty of
front rank power. The Phi Kap of
fense is built around Gordon Casa
mapor, while Jim Seaver is the out
standing Alpha Delt killer. Alpha
Delta Phi will enter the game a
slight favorite.
Volleyball, begun this fall as an
experimental major intramural sport,
has proved its worth, and will stay
permanently on the docket, accord
ing to the intramural manager.
Stanford's first season of intra
mural volleyball will come to a close
tonight when Alpha Delta Phi and
Phi Kuppa Sigma meet for the Uni
versity championship in Encina Gym
at 7:30 o'clock.
The two finalists have emerged
from league seasons undefeated, and
each has climbed two ranks in the
bracket playoffs. Both are strong
all-dround teams with plenty of
front rank power. The Phi Kap of
fense is built around Gordon Casa
mapor, while Jim Seaver is the out
standing Alpha Delt killer. Alpha
Delta Phi will enter the game a
slight favorite.
Volleyball, begun this fall as an
experimental major intramural sport,
has proved its worth, and will stay
permanently on the docket, accord
ing to the intramural manager.
Stanford's first season of intra
mural volleyball will come to a close
tonight when Alpha Delta Phi and
Phi Kuppa Sigma meet for the Uni
versity championship in Encina Gym
at 7:30 o'clock.
The two finalists have emerged
from league seasons undefeated, and
each has climbed two ranks in the
bracket playoffs. Both are strong
all-dround teams with plenty of
front rank power. The Phi Kap of
fense is built around Gordon Casa
mapor, while Jim Seaver is the out
standing Alpha Delt killer. Alpha
Delta Phi will enter the game a
slight favorite.
Volleyball, begun this fall as an
experimental major intramural sport,
has proved its worth, and will stay
permanently on the docket, accord
ing to the intramural manager.
Stanford's first season of intra
mural volleyball will come to a close
tonight when Alpha Delta Phi and
Phi Kuppa Sigma meet for the Uni
versity championship in Encina Gym
at 7:30 o'clock.
The two finalists have emerged
from league seasons undefeated, and
each has climbed two ranks in the
bracket playoffs. Both are strong
all-dround teams with plenty of
front rank power. The Phi Kap of
fense is built around Gordon Casa
mapor, while Jim Seaver is the out
standing Alpha Delt killer. Alpha
Delta Phi will enter the game a
slight favorite.
Volleyball, begun this fall as an
experimental major intramural sport,
has proved its worth, and will stay
permanently on the docket, accord
ing to the intramural manager.
Stanford's first season of intra
mural volleyball will come to a close
tonight when Alpha Delta Phi and
Phi Kuppa Sigma meet for the Uni
versity championship in Encina Gym
at 7:30 o'clock.
The two finalists have emerged
from league seasons undefeated, and
each has climbed two ranks in the
bracket playoffs. Both are strong
all-dround teams with plenty of
front rank power. The Phi Kap of
fense is built around Gordon Casa
mapor, while Jim Seaver is the out
standing Alpha Delt killer. Alpha
Delta Phi will enter the game a
slight favorite.
Volleyball, begun this fall as an
experimental major intramural sport,
has proved its worth, and will stay
permanently on the docket, accord
ing to the intramural manager.
Stanford's first season of intra
mural volleyball will come to a close
tonight when Alpha Delta Phi and
Phi Kuppa Sigma meet for the Uni
versity championship in Encina Gym
at 7:30 o'clock.
The two finalists have emerged
from league seasons undefeated, and
each has climbed two ranks in the
bracket playoffs. Both are strong
all-dround teams with plenty of
front rank power. The Phi Kap of
fense is built around Gordon Casa
mapor, while Jim Seaver is the out
standing Alpha Delt killer. Alpha
Delta Phi will enter the game a
slight favorite.
Volleyball, begun this fall as an
experimental major intramural sport,
has proved its worth, and will stay
permanently on the docket, accord
ing to the intramural manager.
Stanford's first season of intra
mural volleyball will come to a close
tonight when Alpha Delta Phi and
Phi Kuppa Sigma meet for the Uni
versity championship in Encina Gym
at 7:30 o'clock.
The two finalists have emerged
from league seasons undefeated, and
each has climbed two ranks in the
bracket playoffs. Both are strong
all-dround teams with plenty of
front rank power. The Phi Kap of
fense is built around Gordon Casa
mapor, while Jim Seaver is the out
standing Alpha Delt killer. Alpha
Delta Phi will enter the game a
slight favorite.
Volleyball, begun this fall as an
experimental major intramural sport,
has proved its worth, and will stay
permanently on the docket, accord
ing to the intramural manager.
Stanford's first season of intra
mural volleyball will come to a close
tonight when Alpha Delta Phi and
Phi Kuppa Sigma meet for the Uni
versity championship in Encina Gym
at 7:30 o'clock.
The two finalists have emerged
from league seasons undefeated, and
each has climbed two ranks in the
bracket playoffs. Both are strong
all-dround teams with plenty of
front rank power. The Phi Kap of
fense is built around Gordon Casa
mapor, while Jim Seaver is the out
standing Alpha Delt killer. Alpha
Delta Phi will enter the game a
slight favorite.
Volleyball, begun this fall as an
experimental major intramural sport,
has proved its worth, and will stay
permanently on the docket, accord
ing to the intramural manager.
Stanford's first season of intra
mural volleyball will come to a close
tonight when Alpha Delta Phi and
Phi Kuppa Sigma meet for the Uni
versity championship in Encina Gym
at 7:30 o'clock.
The two finalists have emerged
from league seasons undefeated, and
each has climbed two ranks in the
bracket playoffs. Both are strong
all-dround teams with plenty of
front rank power. The Phi Kap of
fense is built around Gordon Casa
mapor, while Jim Seaver is the out
standing Alpha Delt killer. Alpha
Delta Phi will enter the game a
slight favorite.
Volleyball, begun this fall as an
experimental major intramural sport,
has proved its worth, and will stay
permanently on the docket, accord
ing to the intramural manager.
Stanford's first season of intra
mural volleyball will come to a close
tonight when Alpha Delta Phi and
Phi Kuppa Sigma meet for the Uni
versity championship in Encina Gym
at 7:30 o'clock.
The two finalists have emerged
from league seasons undefeated, and
each has climbed two ranks in the
bracket playoffs. Both are strong
all-dround teams with plenty of
front rank power. The Phi Kap of
fense is built around Gordon Casa
mapor, while Jim Seaver is the out
standing Alpha Delt killer. Alpha
Delta Phi will enter the game a
slight favorite.
Volleyball, begun this fall as an
experimental major intramural sport,
has proved its worth, and will stay
permanently on the docket, accord
ing to the intramural manager.
Stanford's first season of intra
mural volleyball will come to a close
tonight when Alpha Delta Phi and
Phi Kuppa Sigma meet for the Uni
versity championship in Encina Gym
at 7:30 o'clock.
The two finalists have emerged
from league seasons undefeated, and
each has climbed two ranks in the
bracket playoffs. Both are strong
all-dround teams with plenty of
front rank power. The Phi Kap of
fense is built around Gordon Casa
mapor, while Jim Seaver is the out
standing Alpha Delt killer. Alpha
Delta Phi will enter the game a
slight favorite.
Volleyball, begun this fall as an
experimental major intramural sport,
has proved its worth, and will stay
permanently on the docket, accord
ing to the intramural manager.
Stanford's first season of intra
mural volleyball will come to a close
tonight when Alpha Delta Phi and
Phi Kuppa Sigma meet for the Uni
versity championship in Encina Gym
at 7:30 o'clock.
The two finalists have emerged
from league seasons undefeated, and
each has climbed two ranks in the
bracket playoffs. Both are strong
all-dround teams with plenty of
front rank power. The Phi Kap of
fense is built around Gordon Casa
mapor, while Jim Seaver is the out
standing Alpha Delt killer. Alpha
Delta Phi will enter the game a
slight favorite.
Volleyball, begun this fall as an
experimental major intramural sport,
has proved its worth, and will stay
permanently on the docket, accord
ing to the intramural manager.
Stanford's first season of intra
mural volleyball will come to a close
tonight when Alpha Delta Phi and
Phi Kuppa Sigma meet for the Uni
versity championship in Encina Gym
at 7:30 o'clock.
The two finalists have emerged
from league seasons undefeated, and
each has climbed two ranks in the
bracket playoffs. Both are strong
all-dround teams with plenty of
front rank power. The Phi Kap of
fense is built around Gordon Casa
mapor, while Jim Seaver is the out
standing Alpha Delt killer. Alpha
Delta Phi will enter the game a
slight favorite.
Volleyball, begun this fall as an
experimental major intramural sport,
has proved its worth, and will stay
permanently on the docket, accord
ing to the intramural manager.
