# Cost Delays Farm Phone Improvement
## New Equipment Expense Limits Additions To Exchange, Erwin Says 
### BILL MILLIS 
"We can't balance the telephone
service that we would like to give
with the service that we can afford."
That is the dilemma that has faced
the University for the past several
years, during which it has endeav
ored to improve campus telephone
service, Assistant Comptroller E. S.
Erwin declared yesterday afternoon
in commenting upon a recent check
up of service through the Toyon
branch exchange to the three men's
halls and to the Union.
Conduct 'Load Study'
University officials under the di
rection of Mr. Erwin have been
carrying out for the past two weeks
a "load study" of the Toyon board
during regular and "peak" hours.
Tentative reports on this check-up
have been made, but Mr. Erwin said
that he will not make any final rec
ommendations for possible improve
ments until winter quarter, since he
is leaving next week on a trip to
the East.
Pointing out that in the past most
criticisms of service through ex
change number 3121 have arisen
dui'ing fall quarter, particularly
around Big Game time, the Assistant
Comptroller predicted that there
will be a noticeable improvement of
service during the next two quar
ters of the school year.
In his opinion "it would be im
possible to put in enough extra
equipment to meet the peak load
at any time," since even the equip
ment at the Palo Alto telephone of
fice is taxed during the early eve
ning hours.
Possible Improvements
Possible improvements in 3121
service, Erwin stated, would in
clude:
1. Tying the hall phones onto the
new Administration building ex
change.
2. Re-installing a separate Union
exchange.
3. Installing compulsory private
phones in each room.
4. Adding one or more extra trunk
lines to the present Toyon exchange.
Cost of removing the hall buzzer
system from its present location
would prohibit tying hall phones
onto the new Administration ex
change which will go into operation
January 1, he said, and a similar
factor would tend to prevent any
immediate placing of a separate ex
change in the Union.
Any installation of private phones
would have to be compulsory, he
emphasized, and he doubts whether
students would require this type of
service.
The most feasible proposal under
consideration would be to route ex
tra trunk lines through the Toyon
board. Mr. Erwin said. This could be
done without leasing a new, larger
board.
"It is the bell-ringing buzzer sys
tem that keeps us down, and delays
the service," he stated. The use of

pay phones for outgoing calls would
result, in his opinion, in quicker
service on incoming calls through
the Toyon exchange.
Employment of professional op
erators on the board might improve
service, Mr. Erwin said, but he con
cluded that this would be against
University policy in that it would
deprive student workers of jobs.
