# Union To Be Open Thanksgiving Day
## 
### 
Main dining room of the Stanford
Union will be open from 12:30 to 2
o'clock Thanksgiving Day, accord
ing to an announcement yesterday
from the office of the director of
dining halls. It will be closed Fri
day and Saturday, reopening Sun
day, November 28, at 12:15 o'clock.
The Cellar will be open daily until
11 o'clock Sunday.
All women in university residence
halls will have Thanksgiving dinner
at Lagunita.
Main dining room of the Stanford
Union will be open from 12:30 to 2
o'clock Thanksgiving Day, accord
ing to an announcement yesterday
from the office of the director of
dining halls. It will be closed Fri
day and Saturday, reopening Sun
day, November 28, at 12:15 o'clock.
The Cellar will be open daily until
11 o'clock Sunday.
All women in university residence
halls will have Thanksgiving dinner
at Lagunita.
Main dining room of the Stanford
Union will be open from 12:30 to 2
o'clock Thanksgiving Day, accord
ing to an announcement yesterday
from the office of the director of
dining halls. It will be closed Fri
day and Saturday, reopening Sun
day, November 28, at 12:15 o'clock.
The Cellar will be open daily until
11 o'clock Sunday.
All women in university residence
halls will have Thanksgiving dinner
at Lagunita.
Main dining room of the Stanford
Union will be open from 12:30 to 2
o'clock Thanksgiving Day, accord
ing to an announcement yesterday
from the office of the director of
dining halls. It will be closed Fri
day and Saturday, reopening Sun
day, November 28, at 12:15 o'clock.
The Cellar will be open daily until
11 o'clock Sunday.
All women in university residence
halls will have Thanksgiving dinner
at Lagunita.
Main dining room of the Stanford
Union will be open from 12:30 to 2
o'clock Thanksgiving Day, accord
ing to an announcement yesterday
from the office of the director of
dining halls. It will be closed Fri
day and Saturday, reopening Sun
day, November 28, at 12:15 o'clock.
The Cellar will be open daily until
11 o'clock Sunday.
All women in university residence
halls will have Thanksgiving dinner
at Lagunita.
Main dining room of the Stanford
Union will be open from 12:30 to 2
o'clock Thanksgiving Day, accord
ing to an announcement yesterday
from the office of the director of
dining halls. It will be closed Fri
day and Saturday, reopening Sun
day, November 28, at 12:15 o'clock.
The Cellar will be open daily until
11 o'clock Sunday.
All women in university residence
halls will have Thanksgiving dinner
at Lagunita.
Main dining room of the Stanford
Union will be open from 12:30 to 2
o'clock Thanksgiving Day, accord
ing to an announcement yesterday
from the office of the director of
dining halls. It will be closed Fri
day and Saturday, reopening Sun
day, November 28, at 12:15 o'clock.
The Cellar will be open daily until
11 o'clock Sunday.
All women in university residence
halls will have Thanksgiving dinner
at Lagunita.
Main dining room of the Stanford
Union will be open from 12:30 to 2
o'clock Thanksgiving Day, accord
ing to an announcement yesterday
from the office of the director of
dining halls. It will be closed Fri
day and Saturday, reopening Sun
day, November 28, at 12:15 o'clock.
The Cellar will be open daily until
11 o'clock Sunday.
All women in university residence
halls will have Thanksgiving dinner
at Lagunita.
Main dining room of the Stanford
Union will be open from 12:30 to 2
o'clock Thanksgiving Day, accord
ing to an announcement yesterday
from the office of the director of
dining halls. It will be closed Fri
day and Saturday, reopening Sun
day, November 28, at 12:15 o'clock.
The Cellar will be open daily until
11 o'clock Sunday.
All women in university residence
halls will have Thanksgiving dinner
at Lagunita.
Main dining room of the Stanford
Union will be open from 12:30 to 2
o'clock Thanksgiving Day, accord
ing to an announcement yesterday
from the office of the director of
dining halls. It will be closed Fri
day and Saturday, reopening Sun
day, November 28, at 12:15 o'clock.
The Cellar will be open daily until
11 o'clock Sunday.
All women in university residence
halls will have Thanksgiving dinner
at Lagunita.
Main dining room of the Stanford
Union will be open from 12:30 to 2
o'clock Thanksgiving Day, accord
ing to an announcement yesterday
from the office of the director of
dining halls. It will be closed Fri
day and Saturday, reopening Sun
day, November 28, at 12:15 o'clock.
The Cellar will be open daily until
11 o'clock Sunday.
All women in university residence
halls will have Thanksgiving dinner
at Lagunita.
Main dining room of the Stanford
Union will be open from 12:30 to 2
o'clock Thanksgiving Day, accord
ing to an announcement yesterday
from the office of the director of
dining halls. It will be closed Fri
day and Saturday, reopening Sun
day, November 28, at 12:15 o'clock.
The Cellar will be open daily until
11 o'clock Sunday.
All women in university residence
halls will have Thanksgiving dinner
at Lagunita.
Main dining room of the Stanford
Union will be open from 12:30 to 2
o'clock Thanksgiving Day, accord
ing to an announcement yesterday
from the office of the director of
dining halls. It will be closed Fri
day and Saturday, reopening Sun
day, November 28, at 12:15 o'clock.
The Cellar will be open daily until
11 o'clock Sunday.
All women in university residence
halls will have Thanksgiving dinner
at Lagunita.
Main dining room of the Stanford
Union will be open from 12:30 to 2
o'clock Thanksgiving Day, accord
ing to an announcement yesterday
from the office of the director of
dining halls. It will be closed Fri
day and Saturday, reopening Sun
day, November 28, at 12:15 o'clock.
The Cellar will be open daily until
11 o'clock Sunday.
All women in university residence
halls will have Thanksgiving dinner
at Lagunita.
Main dining room of the Stanford
Union will be open from 12:30 to 2
o'clock Thanksgiving Day, accord
ing to an announcement yesterday
from the office of the director of
dining halls. It will be closed Fri
day and Saturday, reopening Sun
day, November 28, at 12:15 o'clock.
The Cellar will be open daily until
11 o'clock Sunday.
All women in university residence
halls will have Thanksgiving dinner
at Lagunita.
Main dining room of the Stanford
Union will be open from 12:30 to 2
o'clock Thanksgiving Day, accord
ing to an announcement yesterday
from the office of the director of
dining halls. It will be closed Fri
day and Saturday, reopening Sun
day, November 28, at 12:15 o'clock.
The Cellar will be open daily until
11 o'clock Sunday.
All women in university residence
halls will have Thanksgiving dinner
at Lagunita.
