# VARSITY CANNOT HIT
## SANTA CLARA WINS TODAY. 6 TO 4. Twelve Hits Made Off Theile's Pitching.â€”Kilbourn Holds Stanford to Two Hits. 
### 
Absolute inability to hit Kilbourn
cost the Varsity another game this
afternoon, Santa Clara winning, 6 to
4. Two hits was the best the Card
inal could secure off the collegian
pitcher. Theile, who pitched the full
nine innings, was hammered for
twelve hits. Stanford was lucky to
secure so close a score. In the fourth
inning two bases on balls, two sacri
fice hits, two errors and two two
baggers by Owen and Fenton gave
Stanford four runs. After that the
Varsity was outclassed in the hitting
department. Daily caught the whole
game, and Dudley was played in right
field. Theile was credited with seven
strike-outs and Kilbourn with five.
The score follows:
R. H. E.
Stanford 4 2 3
Santa Clara 6 12 3
St. Mary's Here Tomorrow.
The Varsity will meet the St.
Mary's team on the Varsity diamond
tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 in the
third game of the series. The collegi
ans were victorious over the Varsity
in the first two games by scores of
4to o and 6to 1. The Varsity lineup
with the exception of the batteries,
will probably be the same as played
at Santa Clara today and St. Mary's
will probably be represented by the
same team which has played here be
fore.
Absolute inability to hit Kilbourn
cost the Varsity another game this
afternoon, Santa Clara winning, 6 to
4. Two hits was the best the Card
inal could secure off the collegian
pitcher. Theile, who pitched the full
nine innings, was hammered for
twelve hits. Stanford was lucky to
secure so close a score. In the fourth
inning two bases on balls, two sacri
fice hits, two errors and two two
baggers by Owen and Fenton gave
Stanford four runs. After that the
Varsity was outclassed in the hitting
department. Daily caught the whole
game, and Dudley was played in right
field. Theile was credited with seven
strike-outs and Kilbourn with five.
The score follows:
R. H. E.
Stanford 4 2 3
Santa Clara 6 12 3
St. Mary's Here Tomorrow.
The Varsity will meet the St.
Mary's team on the Varsity diamond
tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 in the
third game of the series. The collegi
ans were victorious over the Varsity
in the first two games by scores of
4to o and 6to 1. The Varsity lineup
with the exception of the batteries,
will probably be the same as played
at Santa Clara today and St. Mary's
will probably be represented by the
same team which has played here be
fore.
Absolute inability to hit Kilbourn
cost the Varsity another game this
afternoon, Santa Clara winning, 6 to
4. Two hits was the best the Card
inal could secure off the collegian
pitcher. Theile, who pitched the full
nine innings, was hammered for
twelve hits. Stanford was lucky to
secure so close a score. In the fourth
inning two bases on balls, two sacri
fice hits, two errors and two two
baggers by Owen and Fenton gave
Stanford four runs. After that the
Varsity was outclassed in the hitting
department. Daily caught the whole
game, and Dudley was played in right
field. Theile was credited with seven
strike-outs and Kilbourn with five.
The score follows:
R. H. E.
Stanford 4 2 3
Santa Clara 6 12 3
St. Mary's Here Tomorrow.
The Varsity will meet the St.
Mary's team on the Varsity diamond
tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 in the
third game of the series. The collegi
ans were victorious over the Varsity
in the first two games by scores of
4to o and 6to 1. The Varsity lineup
with the exception of the batteries,
will probably be the same as played
at Santa Clara today and St. Mary's
will probably be represented by the
same team which has played here be
fore.
Absolute inability to hit Kilbourn
cost the Varsity another game this
afternoon, Santa Clara winning, 6 to
4. Two hits was the best the Card
inal could secure off the collegian
pitcher. Theile, who pitched the full
nine innings, was hammered for
twelve hits. Stanford was lucky to
secure so close a score. In the fourth
inning two bases on balls, two sacri
fice hits, two errors and two two
baggers by Owen and Fenton gave
Stanford four runs. After that the
Varsity was outclassed in the hitting
department. Daily caught the whole
game, and Dudley was played in right
field. Theile was credited with seven
strike-outs and Kilbourn with five.
The score follows:
R. H. E.
Stanford 4 2 3
Santa Clara 6 12 3
St. Mary's Here Tomorrow.
The Varsity will meet the St.
Mary's team on the Varsity diamond
tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 in the
third game of the series. The collegi
ans were victorious over the Varsity
in the first two games by scores of
4to o and 6to 1. The Varsity lineup
with the exception of the batteries,
will probably be the same as played
at Santa Clara today and St. Mary's
will probably be represented by the
same team which has played here be
fore.
Absolute inability to hit Kilbourn
cost the Varsity another game this
afternoon, Santa Clara winning, 6 to
4. Two hits was the best the Card
inal could secure off the collegian
pitcher. Theile, who pitched the full
nine innings, was hammered for
twelve hits. Stanford was lucky to
secure so close a score. In the fourth
inning two bases on balls, two sacri
fice hits, two errors and two two
baggers by Owen and Fenton gave
Stanford four runs. After that the
Varsity was outclassed in the hitting
department. Daily caught the whole
game, and Dudley was played in right
field. Theile was credited with seven
strike-outs and Kilbourn with five.
The score follows:
R. H. E.
Stanford 4 2 3
Santa Clara 6 12 3
St. Mary's Here Tomorrow.
The Varsity will meet the St.
Mary's team on the Varsity diamond
tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 in the
third game of the series. The collegi
ans were victorious over the Varsity
in the first two games by scores of
4to o and 6to 1. The Varsity lineup
with the exception of the batteries,
will probably be the same as played
at Santa Clara today and St. Mary's
will probably be represented by the
same team which has played here be
fore.
Absolute inability to hit Kilbourn
cost the Varsity another game this
afternoon, Santa Clara winning, 6 to
4. Two hits was the best the Card
inal could secure off the collegian
pitcher. Theile, who pitched the full
nine innings, was hammered for
twelve hits. Stanford was lucky to
secure so close a score. In the fourth
inning two bases on balls, two sacri
fice hits, two errors and two two
baggers by Owen and Fenton gave
Stanford four runs. After that the
Varsity was outclassed in the hitting
department. Daily caught the whole
game, and Dudley was played in right
field. Theile was credited with seven
strike-outs and Kilbourn with five.
The score follows:
R. H. E.
Stanford 4 2 3
Santa Clara 6 12 3
St. Mary's Here Tomorrow.
The Varsity will meet the St.
Mary's team on the Varsity diamond
tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 in the
third game of the series. The collegi
ans were victorious over the Varsity
in the first two games by scores of
4to o and 6to 1. The Varsity lineup
with the exception of the batteries,
will probably be the same as played
at Santa Clara today and St. Mary's
will probably be represented by the
same team which has played here be
fore.
Absolute inability to hit Kilbourn
cost the Varsity another game this
afternoon, Santa Clara winning, 6 to
4. Two hits was the best the Card
inal could secure off the collegian
pitcher. Theile, who pitched the full
nine innings, was hammered for
twelve hits. Stanford was lucky to
secure so close a score. In the fourth
inning two bases on balls, two sacri
fice hits, two errors and two two
baggers by Owen and Fenton gave
Stanford four runs. After that the
Varsity was outclassed in the hitting
department. Daily caught the whole
game, and Dudley was played in right
field. Theile was credited with seven
strike-outs and Kilbourn with five.
The score follows:
R. H. E.
Stanford 4 2 3
Santa Clara 6 12 3
St. Mary's Here Tomorrow.
The Varsity will meet the St.
Mary's team on the Varsity diamond
tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 in the
third game of the series. The collegi
ans were victorious over the Varsity
in the first two games by scores of
4to o and 6to 1. The Varsity lineup
with the exception of the batteries,
will probably be the same as played
at Santa Clara today and St. Mary's
will probably be represented by the
same team which has played here be
fore.
Absolute inability to hit Kilbourn
cost the Varsity another game this
afternoon, Santa Clara winning, 6 to
4. Two hits was the best the Card
inal could secure off the collegian
pitcher. Theile, who pitched the full
nine innings, was hammered for
twelve hits. Stanford was lucky to
secure so close a score. In the fourth
inning two bases on balls, two sacri
fice hits, two errors and two two
baggers by Owen and Fenton gave
Stanford four runs. After that the
Varsity was outclassed in the hitting
department. Daily caught the whole
game, and Dudley was played in right
field. Theile was credited with seven
strike-outs and Kilbourn with five.
The score follows:
R. H. E.
Stanford 4 2 3
Santa Clara 6 12 3
St. Mary's Here Tomorrow.
The Varsity will meet the St.
Mary's team on the Varsity diamond
tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 in the
third game of the series. The collegi
ans were victorious over the Varsity
in the first two games by scores of
4to o and 6to 1. The Varsity lineup
with the exception of the batteries,
will probably be the same as played
at Santa Clara today and St. Mary's
will probably be represented by the
same team which has played here be
fore.
Absolute inability to hit Kilbourn
cost the Varsity another game this
afternoon, Santa Clara winning, 6 to
4. Two hits was the best the Card
inal could secure off the collegian
pitcher. Theile, who pitched the full
nine innings, was hammered for
twelve hits. Stanford was lucky to
secure so close a score. In the fourth
inning two bases on balls, two sacri
fice hits, two errors and two two
baggers by Owen and Fenton gave
Stanford four runs. After that the
Varsity was outclassed in the hitting
department. Daily caught the whole
game, and Dudley was played in right
field. Theile was credited with seven
strike-outs and Kilbourn with five.
The score follows:
R. H. E.
Stanford 4 2 3
Santa Clara 6 12 3
St. Mary's Here Tomorrow.
The Varsity will meet the St.
Mary's team on the Varsity diamond
tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 in the
third game of the series. The collegi
ans were victorious over the Varsity
in the first two games by scores of
4to o and 6to 1. The Varsity lineup
with the exception of the batteries,
will probably be the same as played
at Santa Clara today and St. Mary's
will probably be represented by the
same team which has played here be
fore.
