# Mr. Oscar Benzon.
## 
### 
Mr. Oscar Beuzou, who attended the
University last year as a post-graduate
in German and received his master's
degree, lias been missing for several
days. Mis friends in Alameda fear
that he has drowned himself in the hay.
He had been mentally deranged fur
several years past, caused, So far us can
be gathered, by over study while an
undergraduate at Augustana College,
Illinois. While at Stanford this aber
ration was hardly noticed, and it is
understood that lie was greatly im
proved by his year of residence at Palo
Alto. During the vacation he became
worse and was a source of great anxiety
to his friends, culminating in his dis
appearance last Saturday. The San
Francisco papers assert that he has
committed suicide, but owing to the
lack of evidence this can only be a sur
mise
Mr. Oscar Beuzou, who attended the
University last year as a post-graduate
in German and received his master's
degree, lias been missing for several
days. Mis friends in Alameda fear
that he has drowned himself in the hay.
He had been mentally deranged fur
several years past, caused, So far us can
be gathered, by over study while an
undergraduate at Augustana College,
Illinois. While at Stanford this aber
ration was hardly noticed, and it is
understood that lie was greatly im
proved by his year of residence at Palo
Alto. During the vacation he became
worse and was a source of great anxiety
to his friends, culminating in his dis
appearance last Saturday. The San
Francisco papers assert that he has
committed suicide, but owing to the
lack of evidence this can only be a sur
mise
