# Euphronia.
## 
### 
Euphronia met Saturday evening
with Pres. Iliusdill in the chair. The
following program was carried out:
reading, by Stevens; impromptu debate
on the question, "Resolved that the
United States Senators should be
Chosen by the People;" affirmative,
Pullock, negative Foster; regular de
bate on the question, "Resolved that
Crime is Kugendered More than Pre
vented by the Prisons of the United
States; aflimative, Cathcart and Mat
thews; negative, Brown and Field.
Euphronia met Saturday evening
with Pres. Iliusdill in the chair. The
following program was carried out:
reading, by Stevens; impromptu debate
on the question, "Resolved that the
United States Senators should be
Chosen by the People;" affirmative,
Pullock, negative Foster; regular de
bate on the question, "Resolved that
Crime is Kugendered More than Pre
vented by the Prisons of the United
States; aflimative, Cathcart and Mat
thews; negative, Brown and Field.
