# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Some of the instructors who con
duct recitations in the engineering
buildings have fallen into the cus
tom of holding classes overtime. It
is needless to say how annoying,
both to student and professor, is
late entrance to the class room, but
at present, in the case of those who
have to walk from the engineering
buildings to the quad between
periods, this is unavoidable. More
care in regard to punctual dismissal
of classes would be a much appre
ciated innovation.
Some of the instructors who con
duct recitations in the engineering
buildings have fallen into the cus
tom of holding classes overtime. It
is needless to say how annoying,
both to student and professor, is
late entrance to the class room, but
at present, in the case of those who
have to walk from the engineering
buildings to the quad between
periods, this is unavoidable. More
care in regard to punctual dismissal
of classes would be a much appre
ciated innovation.
Some of the instructors who con
duct recitations in the engineering
buildings have fallen into the cus
tom of holding classes overtime. It
is needless to say how annoying,
both to student and professor, is
late entrance to the class room, but
at present, in the case of those who
have to walk from the engineering
buildings to the quad between
periods, this is unavoidable. More
care in regard to punctual dismissal
of classes would be a much appre
ciated innovation.
Some of the instructors who con
duct recitations in the engineering
buildings have fallen into the cus
tom of holding classes overtime. It
is needless to say how annoying,
both to student and professor, is
late entrance to the class room, but
at present, in the case of those who
have to walk from the engineering
buildings to the quad between
periods, this is unavoidable. More
care in regard to punctual dismissal
of classes would be a much appre
ciated innovation.
Some of the instructors who con
duct recitations in the engineering
buildings have fallen into the cus
tom of holding classes overtime. It
is needless to say how annoying,
both to student and professor, is
late entrance to the class room, but
at present, in the case of those who
have to walk from the engineering
buildings to the quad between
periods, this is unavoidable. More
care in regard to punctual dismissal
of classes would be a much appre
ciated innovation.
Some of the instructors who con
duct recitations in the engineering
buildings have fallen into the cus
tom of holding classes overtime. It
is needless to say how annoying,
both to student and professor, is
late entrance to the class room, but
at present, in the case of those who
have to walk from the engineering
buildings to the quad between
periods, this is unavoidable. More
care in regard to punctual dismissal
of classes would be a much appre
ciated innovation.
Some of the instructors who con
duct recitations in the engineering
buildings have fallen into the cus
tom of holding classes overtime. It
is needless to say how annoying,
both to student and professor, is
late entrance to the class room, but
at present, in the case of those who
have to walk from the engineering
buildings to the quad between
periods, this is unavoidable. More
care in regard to punctual dismissal
of classes would be a much appre
ciated innovation.
