# Roble Girls Entertain.
## 
### 
The girls of iioble entertained the

men students of the University at a
dancing party given at the koble
gym Saturday night. For the occa
sion, the gym was converted into a
pretty dance hall. The bare walls
were covered with gay posters,
great branches of greens hung over
doors and windows, and the whole
was lit up by hundreds of red and
white candles. The porch was en
closed, and made comfortable and
home-like with couches and pillows.
Seats were arranged on the stair
way and on the upstairs balcony.
Dancing began at half past eight,
and continued until twelve o'clock.
This is the first dancing party
which the iloble girls have given,
and it was in every way a success.
The girls of iioble entertained the

men students of the University at a
dancing party given at the koble
gym Saturday night. For the occa
sion, the gym was converted into a
pretty dance hall. The bare walls
were covered with gay posters,
great branches of greens hung over
doors and windows, and the whole
was lit up by hundreds of red and
white candles. The porch was en
closed, and made comfortable and
home-like with couches and pillows.
Seats were arranged on the stair
way and on the upstairs balcony.
Dancing began at half past eight,
and continued until twelve o'clock.
This is the first dancing party
which the iloble girls have given,
and it was in every way a success.
The girls of iioble entertained the

men students of the University at a
dancing party given at the koble
gym Saturday night. For the occa
sion, the gym was converted into a
pretty dance hall. The bare walls
were covered with gay posters,
great branches of greens hung over
doors and windows, and the whole
was lit up by hundreds of red and
white candles. The porch was en
closed, and made comfortable and
home-like with couches and pillows.
Seats were arranged on the stair
way and on the upstairs balcony.
Dancing began at half past eight,
and continued until twelve o'clock.
This is the first dancing party
which the iloble girls have given,
and it was in every way a success.
The girls of iioble entertained the

men students of the University at a
dancing party given at the koble
gym Saturday night. For the occa
sion, the gym was converted into a
pretty dance hall. The bare walls
were covered with gay posters,
great branches of greens hung over
doors and windows, and the whole
was lit up by hundreds of red and
white candles. The porch was en
closed, and made comfortable and
home-like with couches and pillows.
Seats were arranged on the stair
way and on the upstairs balcony.
Dancing began at half past eight,
and continued until twelve o'clock.
This is the first dancing party
which the iloble girls have given,
and it was in every way a success.
The girls of iioble entertained the

men students of the University at a
dancing party given at the koble
gym Saturday night. For the occa
sion, the gym was converted into a
pretty dance hall. The bare walls
were covered with gay posters,
great branches of greens hung over
doors and windows, and the whole
was lit up by hundreds of red and
white candles. The porch was en
closed, and made comfortable and
home-like with couches and pillows.
Seats were arranged on the stair
way and on the upstairs balcony.
Dancing began at half past eight,
and continued until twelve o'clock.
This is the first dancing party
which the iloble girls have given,
and it was in every way a success.
The girls of iioble entertained the

men students of the University at a
dancing party given at the koble
gym Saturday night. For the occa
sion, the gym was converted into a
pretty dance hall. The bare walls
were covered with gay posters,
great branches of greens hung over
doors and windows, and the whole
was lit up by hundreds of red and
white candles. The porch was en
closed, and made comfortable and
home-like with couches and pillows.
Seats were arranged on the stair
way and on the upstairs balcony.
Dancing began at half past eight,
and continued until twelve o'clock.
This is the first dancing party
which the iloble girls have given,
and it was in every way a success.
The girls of iioble entertained the

men students of the University at a
dancing party given at the koble
gym Saturday night. For the occa
sion, the gym was converted into a
pretty dance hall. The bare walls
were covered with gay posters,
great branches of greens hung over
doors and windows, and the whole
was lit up by hundreds of red and
white candles. The porch was en
closed, and made comfortable and
home-like with couches and pillows.
Seats were arranged on the stair
way and on the upstairs balcony.
Dancing began at half past eight,
and continued until twelve o'clock.
This is the first dancing party
which the iloble girls have given,
and it was in every way a success.
