# University of Washington Prepares to Build Union
## 
### 
The Associated Students' building
committee of the University of Wash
ington has begun preparing for the
Union building and the athletic pa
vilion which are to be built as soon as
possible to meet the needs of the
student body.
The Associated Students' building
committee of the University of Wash
ington has begun preparing for the
Union building and the athletic pa
vilion which are to be built as soon as
possible to meet the needs of the
student body.
The Associated Students' building
committee of the University of Wash
ington has begun preparing for the
Union building and the athletic pa
vilion which are to be built as soon as
possible to meet the needs of the
student body.
The Associated Students' building
committee of the University of Wash
ington has begun preparing for the
Union building and the athletic pa
vilion which are to be built as soon as
possible to meet the needs of the
student body.
The Associated Students' building
committee of the University of Wash
ington has begun preparing for the
Union building and the athletic pa
vilion which are to be built as soon as
possible to meet the needs of the
student body.
The Associated Students' building
committee of the University of Wash
ington has begun preparing for the
Union building and the athletic pa
vilion which are to be built as soon as
possible to meet the needs of the
student body.
The Associated Students' building
committee of the University of Wash
ington has begun preparing for the
Union building and the athletic pa
vilion which are to be built as soon as
possible to meet the needs of the
student body.
The Associated Students' building
committee of the University of Wash
ington has begun preparing for the
Union building and the athletic pa
vilion which are to be built as soon as
possible to meet the needs of the
student body.
The Associated Students' building
committee of the University of Wash
ington has begun preparing for the
Union building and the athletic pa
vilion which are to be built as soon as
possible to meet the needs of the
student body.
The Associated Students' building
committee of the University of Wash
ington has begun preparing for the
Union building and the athletic pa
vilion which are to be built as soon as
possible to meet the needs of the
student body.
The Associated Students' building
committee of the University of Wash
ington has begun preparing for the
Union building and the athletic pa
vilion which are to be built as soon as
possible to meet the needs of the
student body.
The Associated Students' building
committee of the University of Wash
ington has begun preparing for the
Union building and the athletic pa
vilion which are to be built as soon as
possible to meet the needs of the
student body.
The Associated Students' building
committee of the University of Wash
ington has begun preparing for the
Union building and the athletic pa
vilion which are to be built as soon as
possible to meet the needs of the
student body.
The Associated Students' building
committee of the University of Wash
ington has begun preparing for the
Union building and the athletic pa
vilion which are to be built as soon as
possible to meet the needs of the
student body.
The Associated Students' building
committee of the University of Wash
ington has begun preparing for the
Union building and the athletic pa
vilion which are to be built as soon as
possible to meet the needs of the
student body.
