# Adv. 9 Page 6
## 
### 
EFFECTIVE
ADVERTISING
When you plac« a classified ad in the
Stanford Daily you will reach over 24.000
energetic and affluent customers a day The
Daily is the paper read most Dy the Stanford
students, staff, faculty, and community A
Daily Classified representative can help you
design your ad to achieve the moat effective
results
THINK ABOUT IT.
723-2556
EFFECTIVE
ADVERTISING
When you plac« a classified ad in the
Stanford Daily you will reach over 24.000
energetic and affluent customers a day The
Daily is the paper read most Dy the Stanford
students, staff, faculty, and community A
Daily Classified representative can help you
design your ad to achieve the moat effective
results
THINK ABOUT IT.
723-2556
EFFECTIVE
ADVERTISING
When you plac« a classified ad in the
Stanford Daily you will reach over 24.000
energetic and affluent customers a day The
Daily is the paper read most Dy the Stanford
students, staff, faculty, and community A
Daily Classified representative can help you
design your ad to achieve the moat effective
results
THINK ABOUT IT.
723-2556
EFFECTIVE
ADVERTISING
When you plac« a classified ad in the
Stanford Daily you will reach over 24.000
energetic and affluent customers a day The
Daily is the paper read most Dy the Stanford
students, staff, faculty, and community A
Daily Classified representative can help you
design your ad to achieve the moat effective
results
THINK ABOUT IT.
723-2556
EFFECTIVE
ADVERTISING
When you plac« a classified ad in the
Stanford Daily you will reach over 24.000
energetic and affluent customers a day The
Daily is the paper read most Dy the Stanford
students, staff, faculty, and community A
Daily Classified representative can help you
design your ad to achieve the moat effective
results
THINK ABOUT IT.
723-2556
EFFECTIVE
ADVERTISING
When you plac« a classified ad in the
Stanford Daily you will reach over 24.000
energetic and affluent customers a day The
Daily is the paper read most Dy the Stanford
students, staff, faculty, and community A
Daily Classified representative can help you
design your ad to achieve the moat effective
results
THINK ABOUT IT.
723-2556
EFFECTIVE
ADVERTISING
When you plac« a classified ad in the
Stanford Daily you will reach over 24.000
energetic and affluent customers a day The
Daily is the paper read most Dy the Stanford
students, staff, faculty, and community A
Daily Classified representative can help you
design your ad to achieve the moat effective
results
THINK ABOUT IT.
723-2556
EFFECTIVE
ADVERTISING
When you plac« a classified ad in the
Stanford Daily you will reach over 24.000
energetic and affluent customers a day The
Daily is the paper read most Dy the Stanford
students, staff, faculty, and community A
Daily Classified representative can help you
design your ad to achieve the moat effective
results
THINK ABOUT IT.
723-2556
