# Incredible instruments
## 
### 
Here's a list of some of
the instruments that were
featured on Shadowfax's
last album:
Drums
Cymbals
Paiste Flat Gong
Acoustic Timbales
Caxixi
Boobams
Bushman Dance Rattles
Sampled Dundungo
Moroccan Clay Drums
Mbiras
Bowed Waterfone
Electric Violin
Mandolin
Lyricon
Wood and Clay Flutes
Double Ocarina
Kiwi Drums
Bendir
Gangkogui
Log Drums
Electric Guitars
Acoustic Guitars
Roland D-50 Synth
Memory Moog
Shaman Rattles
Here's a list of some of
the instruments that were
featured on Shadowfax's
last album:
Drums
Cymbals
Paiste Flat Gong
Acoustic Timbales
Caxixi
Boobams
Bushman Dance Rattles
Sampled Dundungo
Moroccan Clay Drums
Mbiras
Bowed Waterfone
Electric Violin
Mandolin
Lyricon
Wood and Clay Flutes
Double Ocarina
Kiwi Drums
Bendir
Gangkogui
Log Drums
Electric Guitars
Acoustic Guitars
Roland D-50 Synth
Memory Moog
Shaman Rattles
Here's a list of some of
the instruments that were
featured on Shadowfax's
last album:
Drums
Cymbals
Paiste Flat Gong
Acoustic Timbales
Caxixi
Boobams
Bushman Dance Rattles
Sampled Dundungo
Moroccan Clay Drums
Mbiras
Bowed Waterfone
Electric Violin
Mandolin
Lyricon
Wood and Clay Flutes
Double Ocarina
Kiwi Drums
Bendir
Gangkogui
Log Drums
Electric Guitars
Acoustic Guitars
Roland D-50 Synth
Memory Moog
Shaman Rattles
Here's a list of some of
the instruments that were
featured on Shadowfax's
last album:
Drums
Cymbals
Paiste Flat Gong
Acoustic Timbales
Caxixi
Boobams
Bushman Dance Rattles
Sampled Dundungo
Moroccan Clay Drums
Mbiras
Bowed Waterfone
Electric Violin
Mandolin
Lyricon
Wood and Clay Flutes
Double Ocarina
Kiwi Drums
Bendir
Gangkogui
Log Drums
Electric Guitars
Acoustic Guitars
Roland D-50 Synth
Memory Moog
Shaman Rattles
Here's a list of some of
the instruments that were
featured on Shadowfax's
last album:
Drums
Cymbals
Paiste Flat Gong
Acoustic Timbales
Caxixi
Boobams
Bushman Dance Rattles
Sampled Dundungo
Moroccan Clay Drums
Mbiras
Bowed Waterfone
Electric Violin
Mandolin
Lyricon
Wood and Clay Flutes
Double Ocarina
Kiwi Drums
Bendir
Gangkogui
Log Drums
Electric Guitars
Acoustic Guitars
Roland D-50 Synth
Memory Moog
Shaman Rattles
Here's a list of some of
the instruments that were
featured on Shadowfax's
last album:
Drums
Cymbals
Paiste Flat Gong
Acoustic Timbales
Caxixi
Boobams
Bushman Dance Rattles
Sampled Dundungo
Moroccan Clay Drums
Mbiras
Bowed Waterfone
Electric Violin
Mandolin
Lyricon
Wood and Clay Flutes
Double Ocarina
Kiwi Drums
Bendir
Gangkogui
Log Drums
Electric Guitars
Acoustic Guitars
Roland D-50 Synth
Memory Moog
Shaman Rattles
Here's a list of some of
the instruments that were
featured on Shadowfax's
last album:
Drums
Cymbals
Paiste Flat Gong
Acoustic Timbales
Caxixi
Boobams
Bushman Dance Rattles
Sampled Dundungo
Moroccan Clay Drums
Mbiras
Bowed Waterfone
Electric Violin
Mandolin
Lyricon
Wood and Clay Flutes
Double Ocarina
Kiwi Drums
Bendir
Gangkogui
Log Drums
Electric Guitars
Acoustic Guitars
Roland D-50 Synth
Memory Moog
Shaman Rattles
Here's a list of some of
the instruments that were
featured on Shadowfax's
last album:
Drums
Cymbals
Paiste Flat Gong
Acoustic Timbales
Caxixi
Boobams
Bushman Dance Rattles
Sampled Dundungo
Moroccan Clay Drums
Mbiras
Bowed Waterfone
Electric Violin
Mandolin
Lyricon
Wood and Clay Flutes
Double Ocarina
Kiwi Drums
Bendir
Gangkogui
Log Drums
Electric Guitars
Acoustic Guitars
Roland D-50 Synth
Memory Moog
Shaman Rattles
