# FRIDAY
## 
### 
Great Debate
Under the guise of explaining the
Western Culture debate to the un
knowing, Andrew Berkowitz ex
plains the development of Western
thought-Also known as Mel
Brooks' History of the World Part
111 Page 8
Shadows
The instrumental band Shadowfax.
formerly a Windham Hill group,
will bring its "world music" to Mem
Aud tomorrow night at 830 The
band, featuring 150 different in
struments, has just released its
sixth album, "Folksongs for a Nu
clear Village" The new release is
on Capital Records Page 9
Over
The women s soccer team finally
lost after piling up six wins in a
row The Division II Cal State
Hayward Pioneers pulled out a 2-1
victory yesterday after 90 minutes
of regulation and 30 minutes of
overtime Page 12

First happy hour of the year for
all Daily staffers — old, new and
planning to p% — at 4 p.m. in
Terman Grove outside the Dally
offices.
Great Debate
Under the guise of explaining the
Western Culture debate to the un
knowing, Andrew Berkowitz ex
plains the development of Western
thought-Also known as Mel
Brooks' History of the World Part
111 Page 8
Shadows
The instrumental band Shadowfax.
formerly a Windham Hill group,
will bring its "world music" to Mem
Aud tomorrow night at 830 The
band, featuring 150 different in
struments, has just released its
sixth album, "Folksongs for a Nu
clear Village" The new release is
on Capital Records Page 9
Over
The women s soccer team finally
lost after piling up six wins in a
row The Division II Cal State
Hayward Pioneers pulled out a 2-1
victory yesterday after 90 minutes
of regulation and 30 minutes of
overtime Page 12

First happy hour of the year for
all Daily staffers — old, new and
planning to p% — at 4 p.m. in
Terman Grove outside the Dally
offices.
Great Debate
Under the guise of explaining the
Western Culture debate to the un
knowing, Andrew Berkowitz ex
plains the development of Western
thought-Also known as Mel
Brooks' History of the World Part
111 Page 8
Shadows
The instrumental band Shadowfax.
formerly a Windham Hill group,
will bring its "world music" to Mem
Aud tomorrow night at 830 The
band, featuring 150 different in
struments, has just released its
sixth album, "Folksongs for a Nu
clear Village" The new release is
on Capital Records Page 9
Over
The women s soccer team finally
lost after piling up six wins in a
row The Division II Cal State
Hayward Pioneers pulled out a 2-1
victory yesterday after 90 minutes
of regulation and 30 minutes of
overtime Page 12

First happy hour of the year for
all Daily staffers — old, new and
planning to p% — at 4 p.m. in
Terman Grove outside the Dally
offices.
Great Debate
Under the guise of explaining the
Western Culture debate to the un
knowing, Andrew Berkowitz ex
plains the development of Western
thought-Also known as Mel
Brooks' History of the World Part
111 Page 8
Shadows
The instrumental band Shadowfax.
formerly a Windham Hill group,
will bring its "world music" to Mem
Aud tomorrow night at 830 The
band, featuring 150 different in
struments, has just released its
sixth album, "Folksongs for a Nu
clear Village" The new release is
on Capital Records Page 9
Over
The women s soccer team finally
lost after piling up six wins in a
row The Division II Cal State
Hayward Pioneers pulled out a 2-1
victory yesterday after 90 minutes
of regulation and 30 minutes of
overtime Page 12

First happy hour of the year for
all Daily staffers — old, new and
planning to p% — at 4 p.m. in
Terman Grove outside the Dally
offices.
Great Debate
Under the guise of explaining the
Western Culture debate to the un
knowing, Andrew Berkowitz ex
plains the development of Western
thought-Also known as Mel
Brooks' History of the World Part
111 Page 8
Shadows
The instrumental band Shadowfax.
formerly a Windham Hill group,
will bring its "world music" to Mem
Aud tomorrow night at 830 The
band, featuring 150 different in
struments, has just released its
sixth album, "Folksongs for a Nu
clear Village" The new release is
on Capital Records Page 9
Over
The women s soccer team finally
lost after piling up six wins in a
row The Division II Cal State
Hayward Pioneers pulled out a 2-1
victory yesterday after 90 minutes
of regulation and 30 minutes of
overtime Page 12

First happy hour of the year for
all Daily staffers — old, new and
planning to p% — at 4 p.m. in
Terman Grove outside the Dally
offices.
Great Debate
Under the guise of explaining the
Western Culture debate to the un
knowing, Andrew Berkowitz ex
plains the development of Western
thought-Also known as Mel
Brooks' History of the World Part
111 Page 8
Shadows
The instrumental band Shadowfax.
formerly a Windham Hill group,
will bring its "world music" to Mem
Aud tomorrow night at 830 The
band, featuring 150 different in
struments, has just released its
sixth album, "Folksongs for a Nu
clear Village" The new release is
on Capital Records Page 9
Over
The women s soccer team finally
lost after piling up six wins in a
row The Division II Cal State
Hayward Pioneers pulled out a 2-1
victory yesterday after 90 minutes
of regulation and 30 minutes of
overtime Page 12

First happy hour of the year for
all Daily staffers — old, new and
planning to p% — at 4 p.m. in
Terman Grove outside the Dally
offices.
Great Debate
Under the guise of explaining the
Western Culture debate to the un
knowing, Andrew Berkowitz ex
plains the development of Western
thought-Also known as Mel
Brooks' History of the World Part
111 Page 8
Shadows
The instrumental band Shadowfax.
formerly a Windham Hill group,
will bring its "world music" to Mem
Aud tomorrow night at 830 The
band, featuring 150 different in
struments, has just released its
sixth album, "Folksongs for a Nu
clear Village" The new release is
on Capital Records Page 9
Over
The women s soccer team finally
lost after piling up six wins in a
row The Division II Cal State
Hayward Pioneers pulled out a 2-1
victory yesterday after 90 minutes
of regulation and 30 minutes of
overtime Page 12

First happy hour of the year for
all Daily staffers — old, new and
planning to p% — at 4 p.m. in
Terman Grove outside the Dally
offices.
Great Debate
Under the guise of explaining the
Western Culture debate to the un
knowing, Andrew Berkowitz ex
plains the development of Western
thought-Also known as Mel
Brooks' History of the World Part
111 Page 8
Shadows
The instrumental band Shadowfax.
formerly a Windham Hill group,
will bring its "world music" to Mem
Aud tomorrow night at 830 The
band, featuring 150 different in
struments, has just released its
sixth album, "Folksongs for a Nu
clear Village" The new release is
on Capital Records Page 9
Over
The women s soccer team finally
lost after piling up six wins in a
row The Division II Cal State
Hayward Pioneers pulled out a 2-1
victory yesterday after 90 minutes
of regulation and 30 minutes of
overtime Page 12

First happy hour of the year for
all Daily staffers — old, new and
planning to p% — at 4 p.m. in
Terman Grove outside the Dally
offices.
