# Adv. 10 Page 4
## 
### 
SPRING
SOMG^
Hot, heavy breakfasts are
out of date. It's spring— ■
and lime to change to
crispness! Try a bowl of
crisp, delicious Kellogg's
Corn Flakes. See liow
niucli fresher, fitter you
feel.
Kellogg's at niglit, just
before bedtime, make a
splendid pick-me-up. So
appetizing. And so much
belter for you than heavy
indigestible foods. Tn a
few minutes you're ready
for sound, refreshing
sleep.
Ma.le liy Krl- .
logg in Battle
("reek
vutvni wrooouitfttftT
J(
CORN
FLAKES g
0 • OVEN-FRESH • O
0 FLAVOR-PERFECT
M '«<ll MCVII X
—3
SPRING
SOMG^
Hot, heavy breakfasts are
out of date. It's spring— ■
and lime to change to
crispness! Try a bowl of
crisp, delicious Kellogg's
Corn Flakes. See liow
niucli fresher, fitter you
feel.
Kellogg's at niglit, just
before bedtime, make a
splendid pick-me-up. So
appetizing. And so much
belter for you than heavy
indigestible foods. Tn a
few minutes you're ready
for sound, refreshing
sleep.
Ma.le liy Krl- .
logg in Battle
("reek
vutvni wrooouitfttftT
J(
CORN
FLAKES g
0 • OVEN-FRESH • O
0 FLAVOR-PERFECT
M '«<ll MCVII X
—3
SPRING
SOMG^
Hot, heavy breakfasts are
out of date. It's spring— ■
and lime to change to
crispness! Try a bowl of
crisp, delicious Kellogg's
Corn Flakes. See liow
niucli fresher, fitter you
feel.
Kellogg's at niglit, just
before bedtime, make a
splendid pick-me-up. So
appetizing. And so much
belter for you than heavy
indigestible foods. Tn a
few minutes you're ready
for sound, refreshing
sleep.
Ma.le liy Krl- .
logg in Battle
("reek
vutvni wrooouitfttftT
J(
CORN
FLAKES g
0 • OVEN-FRESH • O
0 FLAVOR-PERFECT
M '«<ll MCVII X
—3
SPRING
SOMG^
Hot, heavy breakfasts are
out of date. It's spring— ■
and lime to change to
crispness! Try a bowl of
crisp, delicious Kellogg's
Corn Flakes. See liow
niucli fresher, fitter you
feel.
Kellogg's at niglit, just
before bedtime, make a
splendid pick-me-up. So
appetizing. And so much
belter for you than heavy
indigestible foods. Tn a
few minutes you're ready
for sound, refreshing
sleep.
Ma.le liy Krl- .
logg in Battle
("reek
vutvni wrooouitfttftT
J(
CORN
FLAKES g
0 • OVEN-FRESH • O
0 FLAVOR-PERFECT
M '«<ll MCVII X
—3
SPRING
SOMG^
Hot, heavy breakfasts are
out of date. It's spring— ■
and lime to change to
crispness! Try a bowl of
crisp, delicious Kellogg's
Corn Flakes. See liow
niucli fresher, fitter you
feel.
Kellogg's at niglit, just
before bedtime, make a
splendid pick-me-up. So
appetizing. And so much
belter for you than heavy
indigestible foods. Tn a
few minutes you're ready
for sound, refreshing
sleep.
Ma.le liy Krl- .
logg in Battle
("reek
vutvni wrooouitfttftT
J(
CORN
FLAKES g
0 • OVEN-FRESH • O
0 FLAVOR-PERFECT
M '«<ll MCVII X
—3
SPRING
SOMG^
Hot, heavy breakfasts are
out of date. It's spring— ■
and lime to change to
crispness! Try a bowl of
crisp, delicious Kellogg's
Corn Flakes. See liow
niucli fresher, fitter you
feel.
Kellogg's at niglit, just
before bedtime, make a
splendid pick-me-up. So
appetizing. And so much
belter for you than heavy
indigestible foods. Tn a
few minutes you're ready
for sound, refreshing
sleep.
Ma.le liy Krl- .
logg in Battle
("reek
vutvni wrooouitfttftT
J(
CORN
FLAKES g
0 • OVEN-FRESH • O
0 FLAVOR-PERFECT
M '«<ll MCVII X
—3
SPRING
SOMG^
Hot, heavy breakfasts are
out of date. It's spring— ■
and lime to change to
crispness! Try a bowl of
crisp, delicious Kellogg's
Corn Flakes. See liow
niucli fresher, fitter you
feel.
Kellogg's at niglit, just
before bedtime, make a
splendid pick-me-up. So
appetizing. And so much
belter for you than heavy
indigestible foods. Tn a
few minutes you're ready
for sound, refreshing
sleep.
Ma.le liy Krl- .
logg in Battle
("reek
vutvni wrooouitfttftT
J(
CORN
FLAKES g
0 • OVEN-FRESH • O
0 FLAVOR-PERFECT
M '«<ll MCVII X
—3
SPRING
SOMG^
Hot, heavy breakfasts are
out of date. It's spring— ■
and lime to change to
crispness! Try a bowl of
crisp, delicious Kellogg's
Corn Flakes. See liow
niucli fresher, fitter you
feel.
Kellogg's at niglit, just
before bedtime, make a
splendid pick-me-up. So
appetizing. And so much
belter for you than heavy
indigestible foods. Tn a
few minutes you're ready
for sound, refreshing
sleep.
Ma.le liy Krl- .
logg in Battle
("reek
vutvni wrooouitfttftT
J(
CORN
FLAKES g
0 • OVEN-FRESH • O
0 FLAVOR-PERFECT
M '«<ll MCVII X
—3
SPRING
SOMG^
Hot, heavy breakfasts are
out of date. It's spring— ■
and lime to change to
crispness! Try a bowl of
crisp, delicious Kellogg's
Corn Flakes. See liow
niucli fresher, fitter you
feel.
Kellogg's at niglit, just
before bedtime, make a
splendid pick-me-up. So
appetizing. And so much
belter for you than heavy
indigestible foods. Tn a
few minutes you're ready
for sound, refreshing
sleep.
Ma.le liy Krl- .
logg in Battle
("reek
vutvni wrooouitfttftT
J(
CORN
FLAKES g
0 • OVEN-FRESH • O
0 FLAVOR-PERFECT
M '«<ll MCVII X
—3
SPRING
SOMG^
Hot, heavy breakfasts are
out of date. It's spring— ■
and lime to change to
crispness! Try a bowl of
crisp, delicious Kellogg's
Corn Flakes. See liow
niucli fresher, fitter you
feel.
Kellogg's at niglit, just
before bedtime, make a
splendid pick-me-up. So
appetizing. And so much
belter for you than heavy
indigestible foods. Tn a
few minutes you're ready
for sound, refreshing
sleep.
Ma.le liy Krl- .
logg in Battle
("reek
vutvni wrooouitfttftT
J(
CORN
FLAKES g
0 • OVEN-FRESH • O
0 FLAVOR-PERFECT
M '«<ll MCVII X
—3
SPRING
SOMG^
Hot, heavy breakfasts are
out of date. It's spring— ■
and lime to change to
crispness! Try a bowl of
crisp, delicious Kellogg's
Corn Flakes. See liow
niucli fresher, fitter you
feel.
Kellogg's at niglit, just
before bedtime, make a
splendid pick-me-up. So
appetizing. And so much
belter for you than heavy
indigestible foods. Tn a
few minutes you're ready
for sound, refreshing
sleep.
Ma.le liy Krl- .
logg in Battle
("reek
vutvni wrooouitfttftT
J(
CORN
FLAKES g
0 • OVEN-FRESH • O
0 FLAVOR-PERFECT
M '«<ll MCVII X
—3
SPRING
SOMG^
Hot, heavy breakfasts are
out of date. It's spring— ■
and lime to change to
crispness! Try a bowl of
crisp, delicious Kellogg's
Corn Flakes. See liow
niucli fresher, fitter you
feel.
Kellogg's at niglit, just
before bedtime, make a
splendid pick-me-up. So
appetizing. And so much
belter for you than heavy
indigestible foods. Tn a
few minutes you're ready
for sound, refreshing
sleep.
Ma.le liy Krl- .
logg in Battle
("reek
vutvni wrooouitfttftT
J(
CORN
FLAKES g
0 • OVEN-FRESH • O
0 FLAVOR-PERFECT
M '«<ll MCVII X
—3
SPRING
SOMG^
Hot, heavy breakfasts are
out of date. It's spring— ■
and lime to change to
crispness! Try a bowl of
crisp, delicious Kellogg's
Corn Flakes. See liow
niucli fresher, fitter you
feel.
Kellogg's at niglit, just
before bedtime, make a
splendid pick-me-up. So
appetizing. And so much
belter for you than heavy
indigestible foods. Tn a
few minutes you're ready
for sound, refreshing
sleep.
Ma.le liy Krl- .
logg in Battle
("reek
vutvni wrooouitfttftT
J(
CORN
FLAKES g
0 • OVEN-FRESH • O
0 FLAVOR-PERFECT
M '«<ll MCVII X
—3
SPRING
SOMG^
Hot, heavy breakfasts are
out of date. It's spring— ■
and lime to change to
crispness! Try a bowl of
crisp, delicious Kellogg's
Corn Flakes. See liow
niucli fresher, fitter you
feel.
Kellogg's at niglit, just
before bedtime, make a
splendid pick-me-up. So
appetizing. And so much
belter for you than heavy
indigestible foods. Tn a
few minutes you're ready
for sound, refreshing
sleep.
Ma.le liy Krl- .
logg in Battle
("reek
vutvni wrooouitfttftT
J(
CORN
FLAKES g
0 • OVEN-FRESH • O
0 FLAVOR-PERFECT
M '«<ll MCVII X
—3
SPRING
SOMG^
Hot, heavy breakfasts are
out of date. It's spring— ■
and lime to change to
crispness! Try a bowl of
crisp, delicious Kellogg's
Corn Flakes. See liow
niucli fresher, fitter you
feel.
Kellogg's at niglit, just
before bedtime, make a
splendid pick-me-up. So
appetizing. And so much
belter for you than heavy
indigestible foods. Tn a
few minutes you're ready
for sound, refreshing
sleep.
Ma.le liy Krl- .
logg in Battle
("reek
vutvni wrooouitfttftT
J(
CORN
FLAKES g
0 • OVEN-FRESH • O
0 FLAVOR-PERFECT
M '«<ll MCVII X
—3
