# SAMUEL INSULL BEHIND BARS
## 
### 

Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities magnate, is now en route to the
United States to face charges in connection with the collapse of his indus
trial empire. He is shown as he appeared behind prison bars at Istanbul,
Turkey, before Turkish authorities approved his extradition to this coun
try. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities magnate, is now en route to the
United States to face charges in connection with the collapse of his indus
trial empire. He is shown as he appeared behind prison bars at Istanbul,
Turkey, before Turkish authorities approved his extradition to this coun
try. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities magnate, is now en route to the
United States to face charges in connection with the collapse of his indus
trial empire. He is shown as he appeared behind prison bars at Istanbul,
Turkey, before Turkish authorities approved his extradition to this coun
try. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities magnate, is now en route to the
United States to face charges in connection with the collapse of his indus
trial empire. He is shown as he appeared behind prison bars at Istanbul,
Turkey, before Turkish authorities approved his extradition to this coun
try. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities magnate, is now en route to the
United States to face charges in connection with the collapse of his indus
trial empire. He is shown as he appeared behind prison bars at Istanbul,
Turkey, before Turkish authorities approved his extradition to this coun
try. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities magnate, is now en route to the
United States to face charges in connection with the collapse of his indus
trial empire. He is shown as he appeared behind prison bars at Istanbul,
Turkey, before Turkish authorities approved his extradition to this coun
try. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities magnate, is now en route to the
United States to face charges in connection with the collapse of his indus
trial empire. He is shown as he appeared behind prison bars at Istanbul,
Turkey, before Turkish authorities approved his extradition to this coun
try. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities magnate, is now en route to the
United States to face charges in connection with the collapse of his indus
trial empire. He is shown as he appeared behind prison bars at Istanbul,
Turkey, before Turkish authorities approved his extradition to this coun
try. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities magnate, is now en route to the
United States to face charges in connection with the collapse of his indus
trial empire. He is shown as he appeared behind prison bars at Istanbul,
Turkey, before Turkish authorities approved his extradition to this coun
try. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities magnate, is now en route to the
United States to face charges in connection with the collapse of his indus
trial empire. He is shown as he appeared behind prison bars at Istanbul,
Turkey, before Turkish authorities approved his extradition to this coun
try. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities magnate, is now en route to the
United States to face charges in connection with the collapse of his indus
trial empire. He is shown as he appeared behind prison bars at Istanbul,
Turkey, before Turkish authorities approved his extradition to this coun
try. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities magnate, is now en route to the
United States to face charges in connection with the collapse of his indus
trial empire. He is shown as he appeared behind prison bars at Istanbul,
Turkey, before Turkish authorities approved his extradition to this coun
try. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities magnate, is now en route to the
United States to face charges in connection with the collapse of his indus
trial empire. He is shown as he appeared behind prison bars at Istanbul,
Turkey, before Turkish authorities approved his extradition to this coun
try. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities magnate, is now en route to the
United States to face charges in connection with the collapse of his indus
trial empire. He is shown as he appeared behind prison bars at Istanbul,
Turkey, before Turkish authorities approved his extradition to this coun
try. (Associated Press Photo)

Samuel Insull, former Chicago utilities magnate, is now en route to the
United States to face charges in connection with the collapse of his indus
trial empire. He is shown as he appeared behind prison bars at Istanbul,
Turkey, before Turkish authorities approved his extradition to this coun
try. (Associated Press Photo)
