# COTTON CONTROL BILL SIGNED
## 
### 

President Roosevelt is shown as he signed the Bankhead bill which
limits the amount of cotton which may be sold from the 1934 ctod to
10,000,000 bales. Behind him are, left to right: Senator John Bankhead
of Alabama and his brother, Rep. William B. Bankhead, co-authors of
th« measure, and Rep. Wall Doxey of Mississippi. (Associated Press
Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown as he signed the Bankhead bill which
limits the amount of cotton which may be sold from the 1934 ctod to
10,000,000 bales. Behind him are, left to right: Senator John Bankhead
of Alabama and his brother, Rep. William B. Bankhead, co-authors of
th« measure, and Rep. Wall Doxey of Mississippi. (Associated Press
Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown as he signed the Bankhead bill which
limits the amount of cotton which may be sold from the 1934 ctod to
10,000,000 bales. Behind him are, left to right: Senator John Bankhead
of Alabama and his brother, Rep. William B. Bankhead, co-authors of
th« measure, and Rep. Wall Doxey of Mississippi. (Associated Press
Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown as he signed the Bankhead bill which
limits the amount of cotton which may be sold from the 1934 ctod to
10,000,000 bales. Behind him are, left to right: Senator John Bankhead
of Alabama and his brother, Rep. William B. Bankhead, co-authors of
th« measure, and Rep. Wall Doxey of Mississippi. (Associated Press
Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown as he signed the Bankhead bill which
limits the amount of cotton which may be sold from the 1934 ctod to
10,000,000 bales. Behind him are, left to right: Senator John Bankhead
of Alabama and his brother, Rep. William B. Bankhead, co-authors of
th« measure, and Rep. Wall Doxey of Mississippi. (Associated Press
Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown as he signed the Bankhead bill which
limits the amount of cotton which may be sold from the 1934 ctod to
10,000,000 bales. Behind him are, left to right: Senator John Bankhead
of Alabama and his brother, Rep. William B. Bankhead, co-authors of
th« measure, and Rep. Wall Doxey of Mississippi. (Associated Press
Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown as he signed the Bankhead bill which
limits the amount of cotton which may be sold from the 1934 ctod to
10,000,000 bales. Behind him are, left to right: Senator John Bankhead
of Alabama and his brother, Rep. William B. Bankhead, co-authors of
th« measure, and Rep. Wall Doxey of Mississippi. (Associated Press
Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown as he signed the Bankhead bill which
limits the amount of cotton which may be sold from the 1934 ctod to
10,000,000 bales. Behind him are, left to right: Senator John Bankhead
of Alabama and his brother, Rep. William B. Bankhead, co-authors of
th« measure, and Rep. Wall Doxey of Mississippi. (Associated Press
Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown as he signed the Bankhead bill which
limits the amount of cotton which may be sold from the 1934 ctod to
10,000,000 bales. Behind him are, left to right: Senator John Bankhead
of Alabama and his brother, Rep. William B. Bankhead, co-authors of
th« measure, and Rep. Wall Doxey of Mississippi. (Associated Press
Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown as he signed the Bankhead bill which
limits the amount of cotton which may be sold from the 1934 ctod to
10,000,000 bales. Behind him are, left to right: Senator John Bankhead
of Alabama and his brother, Rep. William B. Bankhead, co-authors of
th« measure, and Rep. Wall Doxey of Mississippi. (Associated Press
Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown as he signed the Bankhead bill which
limits the amount of cotton which may be sold from the 1934 ctod to
10,000,000 bales. Behind him are, left to right: Senator John Bankhead
of Alabama and his brother, Rep. William B. Bankhead, co-authors of
th« measure, and Rep. Wall Doxey of Mississippi. (Associated Press
Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown as he signed the Bankhead bill which
limits the amount of cotton which may be sold from the 1934 ctod to
10,000,000 bales. Behind him are, left to right: Senator John Bankhead
of Alabama and his brother, Rep. William B. Bankhead, co-authors of
th« measure, and Rep. Wall Doxey of Mississippi. (Associated Press
Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown as he signed the Bankhead bill which
limits the amount of cotton which may be sold from the 1934 ctod to
10,000,000 bales. Behind him are, left to right: Senator John Bankhead
of Alabama and his brother, Rep. William B. Bankhead, co-authors of
th« measure, and Rep. Wall Doxey of Mississippi. (Associated Press
Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown as he signed the Bankhead bill which
limits the amount of cotton which may be sold from the 1934 ctod to
10,000,000 bales. Behind him are, left to right: Senator John Bankhead
of Alabama and his brother, Rep. William B. Bankhead, co-authors of
th« measure, and Rep. Wall Doxey of Mississippi. (Associated Press
Photo)

President Roosevelt is shown as he signed the Bankhead bill which
limits the amount of cotton which may be sold from the 1934 ctod to
10,000,000 bales. Behind him are, left to right: Senator John Bankhead
of Alabama and his brother, Rep. William B. Bankhead, co-authors of
th« measure, and Rep. Wall Doxey of Mississippi. (Associated Press
Photo)
