# HEAVYWEIGHT FAST ON HIS FEET
## 
### 

Here's 201 pounds of sprinter in the person of Theron "Suitcase"
Ward, sophomore at the University of Idaho. Snickers turned to
cheers when, in practice, Ward beat the track team's captain in the
lOOyard sprint. He went the distance in 10.1 seconds. (Associated
Press Photo)

Here's 201 pounds of sprinter in the person of Theron "Suitcase"
Ward, sophomore at the University of Idaho. Snickers turned to
cheers when, in practice, Ward beat the track team's captain in the
lOOyard sprint. He went the distance in 10.1 seconds. (Associated
Press Photo)

Here's 201 pounds of sprinter in the person of Theron "Suitcase"
Ward, sophomore at the University of Idaho. Snickers turned to
cheers when, in practice, Ward beat the track team's captain in the
lOOyard sprint. He went the distance in 10.1 seconds. (Associated
Press Photo)

Here's 201 pounds of sprinter in the person of Theron "Suitcase"
Ward, sophomore at the University of Idaho. Snickers turned to
cheers when, in practice, Ward beat the track team's captain in the
lOOyard sprint. He went the distance in 10.1 seconds. (Associated
Press Photo)

Here's 201 pounds of sprinter in the person of Theron "Suitcase"
Ward, sophomore at the University of Idaho. Snickers turned to
cheers when, in practice, Ward beat the track team's captain in the
lOOyard sprint. He went the distance in 10.1 seconds. (Associated
Press Photo)

Here's 201 pounds of sprinter in the person of Theron "Suitcase"
Ward, sophomore at the University of Idaho. Snickers turned to
cheers when, in practice, Ward beat the track team's captain in the
lOOyard sprint. He went the distance in 10.1 seconds. (Associated
Press Photo)

Here's 201 pounds of sprinter in the person of Theron "Suitcase"
Ward, sophomore at the University of Idaho. Snickers turned to
cheers when, in practice, Ward beat the track team's captain in the
lOOyard sprint. He went the distance in 10.1 seconds. (Associated
Press Photo)

Here's 201 pounds of sprinter in the person of Theron "Suitcase"
Ward, sophomore at the University of Idaho. Snickers turned to
cheers when, in practice, Ward beat the track team's captain in the
lOOyard sprint. He went the distance in 10.1 seconds. (Associated
Press Photo)

Here's 201 pounds of sprinter in the person of Theron "Suitcase"
Ward, sophomore at the University of Idaho. Snickers turned to
cheers when, in practice, Ward beat the track team's captain in the
lOOyard sprint. He went the distance in 10.1 seconds. (Associated
Press Photo)

Here's 201 pounds of sprinter in the person of Theron "Suitcase"
Ward, sophomore at the University of Idaho. Snickers turned to
cheers when, in practice, Ward beat the track team's captain in the
lOOyard sprint. He went the distance in 10.1 seconds. (Associated
Press Photo)

Here's 201 pounds of sprinter in the person of Theron "Suitcase"
Ward, sophomore at the University of Idaho. Snickers turned to
cheers when, in practice, Ward beat the track team's captain in the
lOOyard sprint. He went the distance in 10.1 seconds. (Associated
Press Photo)

Here's 201 pounds of sprinter in the person of Theron "Suitcase"
Ward, sophomore at the University of Idaho. Snickers turned to
cheers when, in practice, Ward beat the track team's captain in the
lOOyard sprint. He went the distance in 10.1 seconds. (Associated
Press Photo)

Here's 201 pounds of sprinter in the person of Theron "Suitcase"
Ward, sophomore at the University of Idaho. Snickers turned to
cheers when, in practice, Ward beat the track team's captain in the
lOOyard sprint. He went the distance in 10.1 seconds. (Associated
Press Photo)

Here's 201 pounds of sprinter in the person of Theron "Suitcase"
Ward, sophomore at the University of Idaho. Snickers turned to
cheers when, in practice, Ward beat the track team's captain in the
lOOyard sprint. He went the distance in 10.1 seconds. (Associated
Press Photo)

Here's 201 pounds of sprinter in the person of Theron "Suitcase"
Ward, sophomore at the University of Idaho. Snickers turned to
cheers when, in practice, Ward beat the track team's captain in the
lOOyard sprint. He went the distance in 10.1 seconds. (Associated
Press Photo)
