# Army Head Will Inspect Farm ROTC Unit May 2
## 
### 
Brigadier General Sherwood A. i
Cheney, eommanding the 9th Coast
Artillery District with headquarters I
in San Francisco, will be the inspect
ing officer for a 9th Corps Area in- '
spectiun of the local R.O.T.C. unit.
This will be held next Wednesday
afternoon, May 2, according to an
announcement from the Military De- i
partment.
The inspection will consist of bat- 1
tery drill by the Wednesday drill
unit, which will represent the whole
organization here, as well as inspec- ;
tion of various theoretical classes I
held that day, said Major E. C. Wil
liams.

This inspection is one of several,
the results of which will be consid
ered in assigning an efficiency rating
to the locai unit by the War De
partment, it was explained. Stanford
has received an "excellent" rating,
which is the highest possible award,
ever since inspections were inau
gurated, Major Williams stated.
General Cheney, the inspecting of
ficer, has had a long and distin
guished record in the army. He is a
holder of the Distinguished Service
Medal and is a graduate of the Army
War College in Washington.
Blue lapelled blouses and belts
will be issued to cadets of the Wed
nesday unit for the inspection.
Brigadier General Sherwood A. i
Cheney, eommanding the 9th Coast
Artillery District with headquarters I
in San Francisco, will be the inspect
ing officer for a 9th Corps Area in- '
spectiun of the local R.O.T.C. unit.
This will be held next Wednesday
afternoon, May 2, according to an
announcement from the Military De- i
partment.
The inspection will consist of bat- 1
tery drill by the Wednesday drill
unit, which will represent the whole
organization here, as well as inspec- ;
tion of various theoretical classes I
held that day, said Major E. C. Wil
liams.

This inspection is one of several,
the results of which will be consid
ered in assigning an efficiency rating
to the locai unit by the War De
partment, it was explained. Stanford
has received an "excellent" rating,
which is the highest possible award,
ever since inspections were inau
gurated, Major Williams stated.
General Cheney, the inspecting of
ficer, has had a long and distin
guished record in the army. He is a
holder of the Distinguished Service
Medal and is a graduate of the Army
War College in Washington.
Blue lapelled blouses and belts
will be issued to cadets of the Wed
nesday unit for the inspection.
Brigadier General Sherwood A. i
Cheney, eommanding the 9th Coast
Artillery District with headquarters I
in San Francisco, will be the inspect
ing officer for a 9th Corps Area in- '
spectiun of the local R.O.T.C. unit.
This will be held next Wednesday
afternoon, May 2, according to an
announcement from the Military De- i
partment.
The inspection will consist of bat- 1
tery drill by the Wednesday drill
unit, which will represent the whole
organization here, as well as inspec- ;
tion of various theoretical classes I
held that day, said Major E. C. Wil
liams.

This inspection is one of several,
the results of which will be consid
ered in assigning an efficiency rating
to the locai unit by the War De
partment, it was explained. Stanford
has received an "excellent" rating,
which is the highest possible award,
ever since inspections were inau
gurated, Major Williams stated.
General Cheney, the inspecting of
ficer, has had a long and distin
guished record in the army. He is a
holder of the Distinguished Service
Medal and is a graduate of the Army
War College in Washington.
Blue lapelled blouses and belts
will be issued to cadets of the Wed
nesday unit for the inspection.
Brigadier General Sherwood A. i
Cheney, eommanding the 9th Coast
Artillery District with headquarters I
in San Francisco, will be the inspect
ing officer for a 9th Corps Area in- '
spectiun of the local R.O.T.C. unit.
This will be held next Wednesday
afternoon, May 2, according to an
announcement from the Military De- i
partment.
The inspection will consist of bat- 1
tery drill by the Wednesday drill
unit, which will represent the whole
organization here, as well as inspec- ;
tion of various theoretical classes I
held that day, said Major E. C. Wil
liams.

This inspection is one of several,
the results of which will be consid
ered in assigning an efficiency rating
to the locai unit by the War De
partment, it was explained. Stanford
has received an "excellent" rating,
which is the highest possible award,
ever since inspections were inau
gurated, Major Williams stated.
General Cheney, the inspecting of
ficer, has had a long and distin
guished record in the army. He is a
holder of the Distinguished Service
Medal and is a graduate of the Army
War College in Washington.
Blue lapelled blouses and belts
will be issued to cadets of the Wed
nesday unit for the inspection.
Brigadier General Sherwood A. i
Cheney, eommanding the 9th Coast
Artillery District with headquarters I
in San Francisco, will be the inspect
ing officer for a 9th Corps Area in- '
spectiun of the local R.O.T.C. unit.
This will be held next Wednesday
afternoon, May 2, according to an
announcement from the Military De- i
partment.
The inspection will consist of bat- 1
tery drill by the Wednesday drill
unit, which will represent the whole
organization here, as well as inspec- ;
tion of various theoretical classes I
held that day, said Major E. C. Wil
liams.

This inspection is one of several,
the results of which will be consid
ered in assigning an efficiency rating
to the locai unit by the War De
partment, it was explained. Stanford
has received an "excellent" rating,
which is the highest possible award,
ever since inspections were inau
gurated, Major Williams stated.
General Cheney, the inspecting of
ficer, has had a long and distin
guished record in the army. He is a
holder of the Distinguished Service
Medal and is a graduate of the Army
War College in Washington.
Blue lapelled blouses and belts
will be issued to cadets of the Wed
nesday unit for the inspection.
Brigadier General Sherwood A. i
Cheney, eommanding the 9th Coast
Artillery District with headquarters I
in San Francisco, will be the inspect
ing officer for a 9th Corps Area in- '
spectiun of the local R.O.T.C. unit.
This will be held next Wednesday
afternoon, May 2, according to an
announcement from the Military De- i
partment.
The inspection will consist of bat- 1
tery drill by the Wednesday drill
unit, which will represent the whole
organization here, as well as inspec- ;
tion of various theoretical classes I
held that day, said Major E. C. Wil
liams.

This inspection is one of several,
the results of which will be consid
ered in assigning an efficiency rating
to the locai unit by the War De
partment, it was explained. Stanford
has received an "excellent" rating,
which is the highest possible award,
ever since inspections were inau
gurated, Major Williams stated.
General Cheney, the inspecting of
ficer, has had a long and distin
guished record in the army. He is a
holder of the Distinguished Service
Medal and is a graduate of the Army
War College in Washington.
Blue lapelled blouses and belts
will be issued to cadets of the Wed
nesday unit for the inspection.
Brigadier General Sherwood A. i
Cheney, eommanding the 9th Coast
Artillery District with headquarters I
in San Francisco, will be the inspect
ing officer for a 9th Corps Area in- '
spectiun of the local R.O.T.C. unit.
This will be held next Wednesday
afternoon, May 2, according to an
announcement from the Military De- i
partment.
The inspection will consist of bat- 1
tery drill by the Wednesday drill
unit, which will represent the whole
organization here, as well as inspec- ;
tion of various theoretical classes I
held that day, said Major E. C. Wil
liams.

This inspection is one of several,
the results of which will be consid
ered in assigning an efficiency rating
to the locai unit by the War De
partment, it was explained. Stanford
has received an "excellent" rating,
which is the highest possible award,
ever since inspections were inau
gurated, Major Williams stated.
General Cheney, the inspecting of
ficer, has had a long and distin
guished record in the army. He is a
holder of the Distinguished Service
Medal and is a graduate of the Army
War College in Washington.
Blue lapelled blouses and belts
will be issued to cadets of the Wed
nesday unit for the inspection.
Brigadier General Sherwood A. i
Cheney, eommanding the 9th Coast
Artillery District with headquarters I
in San Francisco, will be the inspect
ing officer for a 9th Corps Area in- '
spectiun of the local R.O.T.C. unit.
This will be held next Wednesday
afternoon, May 2, according to an
announcement from the Military De- i
partment.
The inspection will consist of bat- 1
tery drill by the Wednesday drill
unit, which will represent the whole
organization here, as well as inspec- ;
tion of various theoretical classes I
held that day, said Major E. C. Wil
liams.

This inspection is one of several,
the results of which will be consid
ered in assigning an efficiency rating
to the locai unit by the War De
partment, it was explained. Stanford
has received an "excellent" rating,
which is the highest possible award,
ever since inspections were inau
gurated, Major Williams stated.
General Cheney, the inspecting of
ficer, has had a long and distin
guished record in the army. He is a
holder of the Distinguished Service
Medal and is a graduate of the Army
War College in Washington.
Blue lapelled blouses and belts
will be issued to cadets of the Wed
nesday unit for the inspection.
Brigadier General Sherwood A. i
Cheney, eommanding the 9th Coast
Artillery District with headquarters I
in San Francisco, will be the inspect
ing officer for a 9th Corps Area in- '
spectiun of the local R.O.T.C. unit.
This will be held next Wednesday
afternoon, May 2, according to an
announcement from the Military De- i
partment.
The inspection will consist of bat- 1
tery drill by the Wednesday drill
unit, which will represent the whole
organization here, as well as inspec- ;
tion of various theoretical classes I
held that day, said Major E. C. Wil
liams.

This inspection is one of several,
the results of which will be consid
ered in assigning an efficiency rating
to the locai unit by the War De
partment, it was explained. Stanford
has received an "excellent" rating,
which is the highest possible award,
ever since inspections were inau
gurated, Major Williams stated.
General Cheney, the inspecting of
ficer, has had a long and distin
guished record in the army. He is a
holder of the Distinguished Service
Medal and is a graduate of the Army
War College in Washington.
Blue lapelled blouses and belts
will be issued to cadets of the Wed
nesday unit for the inspection.
Brigadier General Sherwood A. i
Cheney, eommanding the 9th Coast
Artillery District with headquarters I
in San Francisco, will be the inspect
ing officer for a 9th Corps Area in- '
spectiun of the local R.O.T.C. unit.
This will be held next Wednesday
afternoon, May 2, according to an
announcement from the Military De- i
partment.
The inspection will consist of bat- 1
tery drill by the Wednesday drill
unit, which will represent the whole
organization here, as well as inspec- ;
tion of various theoretical classes I
held that day, said Major E. C. Wil
liams.

This inspection is one of several,
the results of which will be consid
ered in assigning an efficiency rating
to the locai unit by the War De
partment, it was explained. Stanford
has received an "excellent" rating,
which is the highest possible award,
ever since inspections were inau
gurated, Major Williams stated.
General Cheney, the inspecting of
ficer, has had a long and distin
guished record in the army. He is a
holder of the Distinguished Service
Medal and is a graduate of the Army
War College in Washington.
Blue lapelled blouses and belts
will be issued to cadets of the Wed
nesday unit for the inspection.
Brigadier General Sherwood A. i
Cheney, eommanding the 9th Coast
Artillery District with headquarters I
in San Francisco, will be the inspect
ing officer for a 9th Corps Area in- '
spectiun of the local R.O.T.C. unit.
This will be held next Wednesday
afternoon, May 2, according to an
announcement from the Military De- i
partment.
The inspection will consist of bat- 1
tery drill by the Wednesday drill
unit, which will represent the whole
organization here, as well as inspec- ;
tion of various theoretical classes I
held that day, said Major E. C. Wil
liams.

This inspection is one of several,
the results of which will be consid
ered in assigning an efficiency rating
to the locai unit by the War De
partment, it was explained. Stanford
has received an "excellent" rating,
which is the highest possible award,
ever since inspections were inau
gurated, Major Williams stated.
General Cheney, the inspecting of
ficer, has had a long and distin
guished record in the army. He is a
holder of the Distinguished Service
Medal and is a graduate of the Army
War College in Washington.
Blue lapelled blouses and belts
will be issued to cadets of the Wed
nesday unit for the inspection.
Brigadier General Sherwood A. i
Cheney, eommanding the 9th Coast
Artillery District with headquarters I
in San Francisco, will be the inspect
ing officer for a 9th Corps Area in- '
spectiun of the local R.O.T.C. unit.
This will be held next Wednesday
afternoon, May 2, according to an
announcement from the Military De- i
partment.
The inspection will consist of bat- 1
tery drill by the Wednesday drill
unit, which will represent the whole
organization here, as well as inspec- ;
tion of various theoretical classes I
held that day, said Major E. C. Wil
liams.

This inspection is one of several,
the results of which will be consid
ered in assigning an efficiency rating
to the locai unit by the War De
partment, it was explained. Stanford
has received an "excellent" rating,
which is the highest possible award,
ever since inspections were inau
gurated, Major Williams stated.
General Cheney, the inspecting of
ficer, has had a long and distin
guished record in the army. He is a
holder of the Distinguished Service
Medal and is a graduate of the Army
War College in Washington.
Blue lapelled blouses and belts
will be issued to cadets of the Wed
nesday unit for the inspection.
Brigadier General Sherwood A. i
Cheney, eommanding the 9th Coast
Artillery District with headquarters I
in San Francisco, will be the inspect
ing officer for a 9th Corps Area in- '
spectiun of the local R.O.T.C. unit.
This will be held next Wednesday
afternoon, May 2, according to an
announcement from the Military De- i
partment.
The inspection will consist of bat- 1
tery drill by the Wednesday drill
unit, which will represent the whole
organization here, as well as inspec- ;
tion of various theoretical classes I
held that day, said Major E. C. Wil
liams.

This inspection is one of several,
the results of which will be consid
ered in assigning an efficiency rating
to the locai unit by the War De
partment, it was explained. Stanford
has received an "excellent" rating,
which is the highest possible award,
ever since inspections were inau
gurated, Major Williams stated.
General Cheney, the inspecting of
ficer, has had a long and distin
guished record in the army. He is a
holder of the Distinguished Service
Medal and is a graduate of the Army
War College in Washington.
Blue lapelled blouses and belts
will be issued to cadets of the Wed
nesday unit for the inspection.
Brigadier General Sherwood A. i
Cheney, eommanding the 9th Coast
Artillery District with headquarters I
in San Francisco, will be the inspect
ing officer for a 9th Corps Area in- '
spectiun of the local R.O.T.C. unit.
This will be held next Wednesday
afternoon, May 2, according to an
announcement from the Military De- i
partment.
The inspection will consist of bat- 1
tery drill by the Wednesday drill
unit, which will represent the whole
organization here, as well as inspec- ;
tion of various theoretical classes I
held that day, said Major E. C. Wil
liams.

This inspection is one of several,
the results of which will be consid
ered in assigning an efficiency rating
to the locai unit by the War De
partment, it was explained. Stanford
has received an "excellent" rating,
which is the highest possible award,
ever since inspections were inau
gurated, Major Williams stated.
General Cheney, the inspecting of
ficer, has had a long and distin
guished record in the army. He is a
holder of the Distinguished Service
Medal and is a graduate of the Army
War College in Washington.
Blue lapelled blouses and belts
will be issued to cadets of the Wed
nesday unit for the inspection.
Brigadier General Sherwood A. i
Cheney, eommanding the 9th Coast
Artillery District with headquarters I
in San Francisco, will be the inspect
ing officer for a 9th Corps Area in- '
spectiun of the local R.O.T.C. unit.
This will be held next Wednesday
afternoon, May 2, according to an
announcement from the Military De- i
partment.
The inspection will consist of bat- 1
tery drill by the Wednesday drill
unit, which will represent the whole
organization here, as well as inspec- ;
tion of various theoretical classes I
held that day, said Major E. C. Wil
liams.

This inspection is one of several,
the results of which will be consid
ered in assigning an efficiency rating
to the locai unit by the War De
partment, it was explained. Stanford
has received an "excellent" rating,
which is the highest possible award,
ever since inspections were inau
gurated, Major Williams stated.
General Cheney, the inspecting of
ficer, has had a long and distin
guished record in the army. He is a
holder of the Distinguished Service
Medal and is a graduate of the Army
War College in Washington.
Blue lapelled blouses and belts
will be issued to cadets of the Wed
nesday unit for the inspection.
