# MEN'S COUNCIL TO MEET
## 
### 
Men's Council meeting has been
rescheduled for tonight at 7:15 in
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy's
office according to Crane Honey
sett. This will be the first meeting
of the board.
Men's Council meeting has been
rescheduled for tonight at 7:15 in
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy's
office according to Crane Honey
sett. This will be the first meeting
of the board.
Men's Council meeting has been
rescheduled for tonight at 7:15 in
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy's
office according to Crane Honey
sett. This will be the first meeting
of the board.
Men's Council meeting has been
rescheduled for tonight at 7:15 in
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy's
office according to Crane Honey
sett. This will be the first meeting
of the board.
Men's Council meeting has been
rescheduled for tonight at 7:15 in
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy's
office according to Crane Honey
sett. This will be the first meeting
of the board.
Men's Council meeting has been
rescheduled for tonight at 7:15 in
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy's
office according to Crane Honey
sett. This will be the first meeting
of the board.
Men's Council meeting has been
rescheduled for tonight at 7:15 in
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy's
office according to Crane Honey
sett. This will be the first meeting
of the board.
Men's Council meeting has been
rescheduled for tonight at 7:15 in
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy's
office according to Crane Honey
sett. This will be the first meeting
of the board.
Men's Council meeting has been
rescheduled for tonight at 7:15 in
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy's
office according to Crane Honey
sett. This will be the first meeting
of the board.
Men's Council meeting has been
rescheduled for tonight at 7:15 in
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy's
office according to Crane Honey
sett. This will be the first meeting
of the board.
Men's Council meeting has been
rescheduled for tonight at 7:15 in
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy's
office according to Crane Honey
sett. This will be the first meeting
of the board.
Men's Council meeting has been
rescheduled for tonight at 7:15 in
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy's
office according to Crane Honey
sett. This will be the first meeting
of the board.
Men's Council meeting has been
rescheduled for tonight at 7:15 in
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy's
office according to Crane Honey
sett. This will be the first meeting
of the board.
Men's Council meeting has been
rescheduled for tonight at 7:15 in
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy's
office according to Crane Honey
sett. This will be the first meeting
of the board.
Men's Council meeting has been
rescheduled for tonight at 7:15 in
A.S.S.U. President Bob Kennedy's
office according to Crane Honey
sett. This will be the first meeting
of the board.
