# HISTORY â€“ 1945
## 
### Elliot Epsteen 
The Indonesian nationalists are concentrating
in the center of Java. British air reconnaissance
reports swarms of them. They are well armed,
mechanized and motorized, thanks to the Jap
anese.
So far, the British seem static. The only or
ders given are for no troops to leave the major
cities unless armed and in groups. If there is
an expedition being prepared to fight it out in
the middle ol the island, it has not been re
ported so far.
INDONESIAN PROSPECTS
It is possible that the British are holding
back for the sake of politics, but more prob
able that the reason is insufficient forces. More
over, the British are spread out all over the
island, with lateral communications hampered
by guerillas, while the Indonesians are cen
trally located, capable of striking out in any
direction.
For these reasons, we might expect the In
donesians to strike first, but the question is,
where?
Since the war is to be mechanized, they might
have to lunge at an oil source. However, the
Indonesians probably have large quantities of
that too. Then the first offensives might be
simply dictated by British dispositions.
STRATEGY
The Indonesians will be hampered in going
very far because the roads leading out of the
interior are bad, and the ground around them
won't support heavy equipment. For that rea
son, motorized columns might be pinned on the
roads, and the British could defeat them with
air attacks, possibly including atom bombs.
But the bad country, and the fact that the
British have to keep spread out to maintain or
der, prevents them from launching an offen
sive. Therefore military stalemate seems a pos
sibility.
But if the Indonesians can keep the war up
until the British and Dutch become disgusted,
they will win. If the British keep going and
draw the Indonesians out until they are blasted
to pieces and their oil is gone, the revolution
should collapse of its own weight. Therefore
any trouble developing in the Dutch East In
dies should be a spectacular test of the pa
tience of both sides.
