# 'Geopolitics' Topic Of White at 'I' Club
## 
### 
C. Langdon White, professor of
geography, will speak on "Geo
politics" at the meeting of the In
ternational Club, Wednesday at 7:.*io
p.m. in the Lower Lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the first lime this
quarter that the meetings have been
held on campus; they were formerly
held at a private residence.
Refreshments will be served, and
President Robic Robinson urges all
who arc interested to attend.
C. Langdon White, professor of
geography, will speak on "Geo
politics" at the meeting of the In
ternational Club, Wednesday at 7:.*io
p.m. in the Lower Lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the first lime this
quarter that the meetings have been
held on campus; they were formerly
held at a private residence.
Refreshments will be served, and
President Robic Robinson urges all
who arc interested to attend.
C. Langdon White, professor of
geography, will speak on "Geo
politics" at the meeting of the In
ternational Club, Wednesday at 7:.*io
p.m. in the Lower Lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the first lime this
quarter that the meetings have been
held on campus; they were formerly
held at a private residence.
Refreshments will be served, and
President Robic Robinson urges all
who arc interested to attend.
C. Langdon White, professor of
geography, will speak on "Geo
politics" at the meeting of the In
ternational Club, Wednesday at 7:.*io
p.m. in the Lower Lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the first lime this
quarter that the meetings have been
held on campus; they were formerly
held at a private residence.
Refreshments will be served, and
President Robic Robinson urges all
who arc interested to attend.
C. Langdon White, professor of
geography, will speak on "Geo
politics" at the meeting of the In
ternational Club, Wednesday at 7:.*io
p.m. in the Lower Lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the first lime this
quarter that the meetings have been
held on campus; they were formerly
held at a private residence.
Refreshments will be served, and
President Robic Robinson urges all
who arc interested to attend.
C. Langdon White, professor of
geography, will speak on "Geo
politics" at the meeting of the In
ternational Club, Wednesday at 7:.*io
p.m. in the Lower Lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the first lime this
quarter that the meetings have been
held on campus; they were formerly
held at a private residence.
Refreshments will be served, and
President Robic Robinson urges all
who arc interested to attend.
C. Langdon White, professor of
geography, will speak on "Geo
politics" at the meeting of the In
ternational Club, Wednesday at 7:.*io
p.m. in the Lower Lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the first lime this
quarter that the meetings have been
held on campus; they were formerly
held at a private residence.
Refreshments will be served, and
President Robic Robinson urges all
who arc interested to attend.
C. Langdon White, professor of
geography, will speak on "Geo
politics" at the meeting of the In
ternational Club, Wednesday at 7:.*io
p.m. in the Lower Lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the first lime this
quarter that the meetings have been
held on campus; they were formerly
held at a private residence.
Refreshments will be served, and
President Robic Robinson urges all
who arc interested to attend.
C. Langdon White, professor of
geography, will speak on "Geo
politics" at the meeting of the In
ternational Club, Wednesday at 7:.*io
p.m. in the Lower Lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the first lime this
quarter that the meetings have been
held on campus; they were formerly
held at a private residence.
Refreshments will be served, and
President Robic Robinson urges all
who arc interested to attend.
C. Langdon White, professor of
geography, will speak on "Geo
politics" at the meeting of the In
ternational Club, Wednesday at 7:.*io
p.m. in the Lower Lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the first lime this
quarter that the meetings have been
held on campus; they were formerly
held at a private residence.
Refreshments will be served, and
President Robic Robinson urges all
who arc interested to attend.
C. Langdon White, professor of
geography, will speak on "Geo
politics" at the meeting of the In
ternational Club, Wednesday at 7:.*io
p.m. in the Lower Lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the first lime this
quarter that the meetings have been
held on campus; they were formerly
held at a private residence.
Refreshments will be served, and
President Robic Robinson urges all
who arc interested to attend.
C. Langdon White, professor of
geography, will speak on "Geo
politics" at the meeting of the In
ternational Club, Wednesday at 7:.*io
p.m. in the Lower Lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the first lime this
quarter that the meetings have been
held on campus; they were formerly
held at a private residence.
Refreshments will be served, and
President Robic Robinson urges all
who arc interested to attend.
C. Langdon White, professor of
geography, will speak on "Geo
politics" at the meeting of the In
ternational Club, Wednesday at 7:.*io
p.m. in the Lower Lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the first lime this
quarter that the meetings have been
held on campus; they were formerly
held at a private residence.
Refreshments will be served, and
President Robic Robinson urges all
who arc interested to attend.
C. Langdon White, professor of
geography, will speak on "Geo
politics" at the meeting of the In
ternational Club, Wednesday at 7:.*io
p.m. in the Lower Lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the first lime this
quarter that the meetings have been
held on campus; they were formerly
held at a private residence.
Refreshments will be served, and
President Robic Robinson urges all
who arc interested to attend.
C. Langdon White, professor of
geography, will speak on "Geo
politics" at the meeting of the In
ternational Club, Wednesday at 7:.*io
p.m. in the Lower Lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
This will be the first lime this
quarter that the meetings have been
held on campus; they were formerly
held at a private residence.
Refreshments will be served, and
President Robic Robinson urges all
who arc interested to attend.
