# Untitled Article
## 
### 
W. T. Smith, '12, is at the Peninsula
Hospital. He is suffering from a badly
lacerated foot due to a motorcycle ac
cident.
W. T. Smith, '12, is at the Peninsula
Hospital. He is suffering from a badly
lacerated foot due to a motorcycle ac
cident.
W. T. Smith, '12, is at the Peninsula
Hospital. He is suffering from a badly
lacerated foot due to a motorcycle ac
cident.
W. T. Smith, '12, is at the Peninsula
Hospital. He is suffering from a badly
lacerated foot due to a motorcycle ac
cident.
W. T. Smith, '12, is at the Peninsula
Hospital. He is suffering from a badly
lacerated foot due to a motorcycle ac
cident.
W. T. Smith, '12, is at the Peninsula
Hospital. He is suffering from a badly
lacerated foot due to a motorcycle ac
cident.
W. T. Smith, '12, is at the Peninsula
Hospital. He is suffering from a badly
lacerated foot due to a motorcycle ac
cident.
W. T. Smith, '12, is at the Peninsula
Hospital. He is suffering from a badly
lacerated foot due to a motorcycle ac
cident.
W. T. Smith, '12, is at the Peninsula
Hospital. He is suffering from a badly
lacerated foot due to a motorcycle ac
cident.
W. T. Smith, '12, is at the Peninsula
Hospital. He is suffering from a badly
lacerated foot due to a motorcycle ac
cident.
W. T. Smith, '12, is at the Peninsula
Hospital. He is suffering from a badly
lacerated foot due to a motorcycle ac
cident.
W. T. Smith, '12, is at the Peninsula
Hospital. He is suffering from a badly
lacerated foot due to a motorcycle ac
cident.
