# knight Resigns.
## 
### 
H. P. Knight. '11. leader of the Man
dolin Clu > announced bis resignation
from that organization this afternoon.
H. P. Knight. '11. leader of the Man
dolin Clu > announced bis resignation
from that organization this afternoon.
H. P. Knight. '11. leader of the Man
dolin Clu > announced bis resignation
from that organization this afternoon.
H. P. Knight. '11. leader of the Man
dolin Clu > announced bis resignation
from that organization this afternoon.
H. P. Knight. '11. leader of the Man
dolin Clu > announced bis resignation
from that organization this afternoon.
H. P. Knight. '11. leader of the Man
dolin Clu > announced bis resignation
from that organization this afternoon.
H. P. Knight. '11. leader of the Man
dolin Clu > announced bis resignation
from that organization this afternoon.
H. P. Knight. '11. leader of the Man
dolin Clu > announced bis resignation
from that organization this afternoon.
H. P. Knight. '11. leader of the Man
dolin Clu > announced bis resignation
from that organization this afternoon.
H. P. Knight. '11. leader of the Man
dolin Clu > announced bis resignation
from that organization this afternoon.
H. P. Knight. '11. leader of the Man
dolin Clu > announced bis resignation
from that organization this afternoon.
H. P. Knight. '11. leader of the Man
dolin Clu > announced bis resignation
from that organization this afternoon.
