# Oregon's Coach
## 
### 

Prink Cnltison Is head football
conch at the University of Oregon.
(Associated Press Photo)

Prink Cnltison Is head football
conch at the University of Oregon.
(Associated Press Photo)

Prink Cnltison Is head football
conch at the University of Oregon.
(Associated Press Photo)

Prink Cnltison Is head football
conch at the University of Oregon.
(Associated Press Photo)

Prink Cnltison Is head football
conch at the University of Oregon.
(Associated Press Photo)

Prink Cnltison Is head football
conch at the University of Oregon.
(Associated Press Photo)

Prink Cnltison Is head football
conch at the University of Oregon.
(Associated Press Photo)

Prink Cnltison Is head football
conch at the University of Oregon.
(Associated Press Photo)

Prink Cnltison Is head football
conch at the University of Oregon.
(Associated Press Photo)

Prink Cnltison Is head football
conch at the University of Oregon.
(Associated Press Photo)

Prink Cnltison Is head football
conch at the University of Oregon.
(Associated Press Photo)

Prink Cnltison Is head football
conch at the University of Oregon.
(Associated Press Photo)

Prink Cnltison Is head football
conch at the University of Oregon.
(Associated Press Photo)

Prink Cnltison Is head football
conch at the University of Oregon.
(Associated Press Photo)

Prink Cnltison Is head football
conch at the University of Oregon.
(Associated Press Photo)

Prink Cnltison Is head football
conch at the University of Oregon.
(Associated Press Photo)
