# Dance Music
## 
### 
KFRC, at 10 a.m.—Ted Fiorito's
St. Francis Hotel orchestra.
KGO, at 10:15 p.m.—Earl Burt
nett's orchestra.
KGO, at 11 p.m.—Phil Harris and
his Ambassador Hotel orchestra.
KPO, at 11:30 p.m.—Tom Gerun's
sensational music from the Bal
Tabarin.
KFRC, at 10 a.m.—Ted Fiorito's
St. Francis Hotel orchestra.
KGO, at 10:15 p.m.—Earl Burt
nett's orchestra.
KGO, at 11 p.m.—Phil Harris and
his Ambassador Hotel orchestra.
KPO, at 11:30 p.m.—Tom Gerun's
sensational music from the Bal
Tabarin.
KFRC, at 10 a.m.—Ted Fiorito's
St. Francis Hotel orchestra.
KGO, at 10:15 p.m.—Earl Burt
nett's orchestra.
KGO, at 11 p.m.—Phil Harris and
his Ambassador Hotel orchestra.
KPO, at 11:30 p.m.—Tom Gerun's
sensational music from the Bal
Tabarin.
KFRC, at 10 a.m.—Ted Fiorito's
St. Francis Hotel orchestra.
KGO, at 10:15 p.m.—Earl Burt
nett's orchestra.
KGO, at 11 p.m.—Phil Harris and
his Ambassador Hotel orchestra.
KPO, at 11:30 p.m.—Tom Gerun's
sensational music from the Bal
Tabarin.
KFRC, at 10 a.m.—Ted Fiorito's
St. Francis Hotel orchestra.
KGO, at 10:15 p.m.—Earl Burt
nett's orchestra.
KGO, at 11 p.m.—Phil Harris and
his Ambassador Hotel orchestra.
KPO, at 11:30 p.m.—Tom Gerun's
sensational music from the Bal
Tabarin.
KFRC, at 10 a.m.—Ted Fiorito's
St. Francis Hotel orchestra.
KGO, at 10:15 p.m.—Earl Burt
nett's orchestra.
KGO, at 11 p.m.—Phil Harris and
his Ambassador Hotel orchestra.
KPO, at 11:30 p.m.—Tom Gerun's
sensational music from the Bal
Tabarin.
KFRC, at 10 a.m.—Ted Fiorito's
St. Francis Hotel orchestra.
KGO, at 10:15 p.m.—Earl Burt
nett's orchestra.
KGO, at 11 p.m.—Phil Harris and
his Ambassador Hotel orchestra.
KPO, at 11:30 p.m.—Tom Gerun's
sensational music from the Bal
Tabarin.
KFRC, at 10 a.m.—Ted Fiorito's
St. Francis Hotel orchestra.
KGO, at 10:15 p.m.—Earl Burt
nett's orchestra.
KGO, at 11 p.m.—Phil Harris and
his Ambassador Hotel orchestra.
KPO, at 11:30 p.m.—Tom Gerun's
sensational music from the Bal
Tabarin.
KFRC, at 10 a.m.—Ted Fiorito's
St. Francis Hotel orchestra.
KGO, at 10:15 p.m.—Earl Burt
nett's orchestra.
KGO, at 11 p.m.—Phil Harris and
his Ambassador Hotel orchestra.
KPO, at 11:30 p.m.—Tom Gerun's
sensational music from the Bal
Tabarin.
KFRC, at 10 a.m.—Ted Fiorito's
St. Francis Hotel orchestra.
KGO, at 10:15 p.m.—Earl Burt
nett's orchestra.
KGO, at 11 p.m.—Phil Harris and
his Ambassador Hotel orchestra.
KPO, at 11:30 p.m.—Tom Gerun's
sensational music from the Bal
Tabarin.
KFRC, at 10 a.m.—Ted Fiorito's
St. Francis Hotel orchestra.
KGO, at 10:15 p.m.—Earl Burt
nett's orchestra.
KGO, at 11 p.m.—Phil Harris and
his Ambassador Hotel orchestra.
KPO, at 11:30 p.m.—Tom Gerun's
sensational music from the Bal
Tabarin.
KFRC, at 10 a.m.—Ted Fiorito's
St. Francis Hotel orchestra.
KGO, at 10:15 p.m.—Earl Burt
nett's orchestra.
KGO, at 11 p.m.—Phil Harris and
his Ambassador Hotel orchestra.
KPO, at 11:30 p.m.—Tom Gerun's
sensational music from the Bal
Tabarin.
KFRC, at 10 a.m.—Ted Fiorito's
St. Francis Hotel orchestra.
KGO, at 10:15 p.m.—Earl Burt
nett's orchestra.
KGO, at 11 p.m.—Phil Harris and
his Ambassador Hotel orchestra.
KPO, at 11:30 p.m.—Tom Gerun's
sensational music from the Bal
Tabarin.
KFRC, at 10 a.m.—Ted Fiorito's
St. Francis Hotel orchestra.
KGO, at 10:15 p.m.—Earl Burt
nett's orchestra.
KGO, at 11 p.m.—Phil Harris and
his Ambassador Hotel orchestra.
KPO, at 11:30 p.m.—Tom Gerun's
sensational music from the Bal
Tabarin.
KFRC, at 10 a.m.—Ted Fiorito's
St. Francis Hotel orchestra.
KGO, at 10:15 p.m.—Earl Burt
nett's orchestra.
KGO, at 11 p.m.—Phil Harris and
his Ambassador Hotel orchestra.
KPO, at 11:30 p.m.—Tom Gerun's
sensational music from the Bal
Tabarin.
KFRC, at 10 a.m.—Ted Fiorito's
St. Francis Hotel orchestra.
KGO, at 10:15 p.m.—Earl Burt
nett's orchestra.
KGO, at 11 p.m.—Phil Harris and
his Ambassador Hotel orchestra.
KPO, at 11:30 p.m.—Tom Gerun's
sensational music from the Bal
Tabarin.
