# FRESHMEN TO MEET ORAL DEBATE CLASS IN FORENSIC CLASH
## 
### 
Freshman debaters meet Professor
Emerson's oral debate class in a prac
tice forensic duel on "American Re
cognition for Russia" at 7 tomorrow
in Room 214.
This will be the first opportunity
that the first-year men have had to
demonstrate their ability as speakers.
Their showing against their experi
enced opponents tomorrow will indi
cate their probable chances against
the California freshmen next quarter.
Freshman debaters meet Professor
Emerson's oral debate class in a prac
tice forensic duel on "American Re
cognition for Russia" at 7 tomorrow
in Room 214.
This will be the first opportunity
that the first-year men have had to
demonstrate their ability as speakers.
Their showing against their experi
enced opponents tomorrow will indi
cate their probable chances against
the California freshmen next quarter.
Freshman debaters meet Professor
Emerson's oral debate class in a prac
tice forensic duel on "American Re
cognition for Russia" at 7 tomorrow
in Room 214.
This will be the first opportunity
that the first-year men have had to
demonstrate their ability as speakers.
Their showing against their experi
enced opponents tomorrow will indi
cate their probable chances against
the California freshmen next quarter.
Freshman debaters meet Professor
Emerson's oral debate class in a prac
tice forensic duel on "American Re
cognition for Russia" at 7 tomorrow
in Room 214.
This will be the first opportunity
that the first-year men have had to
demonstrate their ability as speakers.
Their showing against their experi
enced opponents tomorrow will indi
cate their probable chances against
the California freshmen next quarter.
Freshman debaters meet Professor
Emerson's oral debate class in a prac
tice forensic duel on "American Re
cognition for Russia" at 7 tomorrow
in Room 214.
This will be the first opportunity
that the first-year men have had to
demonstrate their ability as speakers.
Their showing against their experi
enced opponents tomorrow will indi
cate their probable chances against
the California freshmen next quarter.
Freshman debaters meet Professor
Emerson's oral debate class in a prac
tice forensic duel on "American Re
cognition for Russia" at 7 tomorrow
in Room 214.
This will be the first opportunity
that the first-year men have had to
demonstrate their ability as speakers.
Their showing against their experi
enced opponents tomorrow will indi
cate their probable chances against
the California freshmen next quarter.
Freshman debaters meet Professor
Emerson's oral debate class in a prac
tice forensic duel on "American Re
cognition for Russia" at 7 tomorrow
in Room 214.
This will be the first opportunity
that the first-year men have had to
demonstrate their ability as speakers.
Their showing against their experi
enced opponents tomorrow will indi
cate their probable chances against
the California freshmen next quarter.
Freshman debaters meet Professor
Emerson's oral debate class in a prac
tice forensic duel on "American Re
cognition for Russia" at 7 tomorrow
in Room 214.
This will be the first opportunity
that the first-year men have had to
demonstrate their ability as speakers.
Their showing against their experi
enced opponents tomorrow will indi
cate their probable chances against
the California freshmen next quarter.
Freshman debaters meet Professor
Emerson's oral debate class in a prac
tice forensic duel on "American Re
cognition for Russia" at 7 tomorrow
in Room 214.
This will be the first opportunity
that the first-year men have had to
demonstrate their ability as speakers.
Their showing against their experi
enced opponents tomorrow will indi
cate their probable chances against
the California freshmen next quarter.
Freshman debaters meet Professor
Emerson's oral debate class in a prac
tice forensic duel on "American Re
cognition for Russia" at 7 tomorrow
in Room 214.
This will be the first opportunity
that the first-year men have had to
demonstrate their ability as speakers.
Their showing against their experi
enced opponents tomorrow will indi
cate their probable chances against
the California freshmen next quarter.
Freshman debaters meet Professor
Emerson's oral debate class in a prac
tice forensic duel on "American Re
cognition for Russia" at 7 tomorrow
in Room 214.
This will be the first opportunity
that the first-year men have had to
demonstrate their ability as speakers.
Their showing against their experi
enced opponents tomorrow will indi
cate their probable chances against
the California freshmen next quarter.
Freshman debaters meet Professor
Emerson's oral debate class in a prac
tice forensic duel on "American Re
cognition for Russia" at 7 tomorrow
in Room 214.
This will be the first opportunity
that the first-year men have had to
demonstrate their ability as speakers.
Their showing against their experi
enced opponents tomorrow will indi
cate their probable chances against
the California freshmen next quarter.
Freshman debaters meet Professor
Emerson's oral debate class in a prac
tice forensic duel on "American Re
cognition for Russia" at 7 tomorrow
in Room 214.
This will be the first opportunity
that the first-year men have had to
demonstrate their ability as speakers.
Their showing against their experi
enced opponents tomorrow will indi
cate their probable chances against
the California freshmen next quarter.
Freshman debaters meet Professor
Emerson's oral debate class in a prac
tice forensic duel on "American Re
cognition for Russia" at 7 tomorrow
in Room 214.
This will be the first opportunity
that the first-year men have had to
demonstrate their ability as speakers.
Their showing against their experi
enced opponents tomorrow will indi
cate their probable chances against
the California freshmen next quarter.
Freshman debaters meet Professor
Emerson's oral debate class in a prac
tice forensic duel on "American Re
cognition for Russia" at 7 tomorrow
in Room 214.
This will be the first opportunity
that the first-year men have had to
demonstrate their ability as speakers.
Their showing against their experi
enced opponents tomorrow will indi
cate their probable chances against
the California freshmen next quarter.
