# RADIO BROADCASTING POPULAR IN MANY LARGER COLLEGES
## 
### 
Practically unheard or in colleges a
few years ago, radio broadcasting sta
tions are operated by practically all
the larger universities of the country
today, government records reveal.
The stations vary from small ex
perimental plants constructed by mem
bers of the engineering departments
of the schools, to powerful ready-made,
long-range, broadcasting apparatus.
Extension lectures, concerts, readings,
market and weather reports, and many
other types of program are being
transmitted from these stations daily.
One of the pioneers in the field, the
Wisconsin university station, broad
casts a program which can be picked,
up throughout the country every day,
while lowa State also sends out daily
musical concerts. Illinois broadcasts
lectures and other items of interest
twice a week. Minnesota, Ohio State,
and Purdue are other Big Ten univer
sities that give frequent programs.
The University of Rochester (N. Y.)
transmits weather reports and con
certs daily, and on Sunday an after
noon church service.
Among other institutions with regis
tered wireless telephone transmitting
plants are the Universities of Pennsyl
vania, Cornell, Cincinnati, Oregon,
Washington, Colorado, North and
South Dakota, Arizona, Louisiana, Le
land Stanford, Jr., Oklahoma, Texas,
and Vermont.
Officials of many of these stations
say that they have found in the radio
the ideal way to get in touch with
their alumni and with people inter
ested in their athletic contests and
other big functions. By the volume and
distribution of the answers they have
received from listeners-in, they have
been able to find out that such pro
grams as they broadcast are actually
needed and enjoyed not only by their
immediate communities but sometimes
even in far removed places.
Practically unheard or in colleges a
few years ago, radio broadcasting sta
tions are operated by practically all
the larger universities of the country
today, government records reveal.
The stations vary from small ex
perimental plants constructed by mem
bers of the engineering departments
of the schools, to powerful ready-made,
long-range, broadcasting apparatus.
Extension lectures, concerts, readings,
market and weather reports, and many
other types of program are being
transmitted from these stations daily.
One of the pioneers in the field, the
Wisconsin university station, broad
casts a program which can be picked,
up throughout the country every day,
while lowa State also sends out daily
musical concerts. Illinois broadcasts
lectures and other items of interest
twice a week. Minnesota, Ohio State,
and Purdue are other Big Ten univer
sities that give frequent programs.
The University of Rochester (N. Y.)
transmits weather reports and con
certs daily, and on Sunday an after
noon church service.
Among other institutions with regis
tered wireless telephone transmitting
plants are the Universities of Pennsyl
vania, Cornell, Cincinnati, Oregon,
Washington, Colorado, North and
South Dakota, Arizona, Louisiana, Le
land Stanford, Jr., Oklahoma, Texas,
and Vermont.
Officials of many of these stations
say that they have found in the radio
the ideal way to get in touch with
their alumni and with people inter
ested in their athletic contests and
other big functions. By the volume and
distribution of the answers they have
received from listeners-in, they have
been able to find out that such pro
grams as they broadcast are actually
needed and enjoyed not only by their
immediate communities but sometimes
even in far removed places.
Practically unheard or in colleges a
few years ago, radio broadcasting sta
tions are operated by practically all
the larger universities of the country
today, government records reveal.
The stations vary from small ex
perimental plants constructed by mem
bers of the engineering departments
of the schools, to powerful ready-made,
long-range, broadcasting apparatus.
Extension lectures, concerts, readings,
market and weather reports, and many
other types of program are being
transmitted from these stations daily.
One of the pioneers in the field, the
Wisconsin university station, broad
casts a program which can be picked,
up throughout the country every day,
while lowa State also sends out daily
musical concerts. Illinois broadcasts
lectures and other items of interest
twice a week. Minnesota, Ohio State,
and Purdue are other Big Ten univer
sities that give frequent programs.
The University of Rochester (N. Y.)
transmits weather reports and con
certs daily, and on Sunday an after
noon church service.
Among other institutions with regis
tered wireless telephone transmitting
plants are the Universities of Pennsyl
vania, Cornell, Cincinnati, Oregon,
Washington, Colorado, North and
South Dakota, Arizona, Louisiana, Le
land Stanford, Jr., Oklahoma, Texas,
and Vermont.
Officials of many of these stations
say that they have found in the radio
the ideal way to get in touch with
their alumni and with people inter
ested in their athletic contests and
other big functions. By the volume and
distribution of the answers they have
received from listeners-in, they have
been able to find out that such pro
grams as they broadcast are actually
needed and enjoyed not only by their
immediate communities but sometimes
even in far removed places.
Practically unheard or in colleges a
few years ago, radio broadcasting sta
tions are operated by practically all
the larger universities of the country
today, government records reveal.
The stations vary from small ex
perimental plants constructed by mem
bers of the engineering departments
of the schools, to powerful ready-made,
long-range, broadcasting apparatus.
Extension lectures, concerts, readings,
market and weather reports, and many
other types of program are being
transmitted from these stations daily.
One of the pioneers in the field, the
Wisconsin university station, broad
casts a program which can be picked,
up throughout the country every day,
while lowa State also sends out daily
musical concerts. Illinois broadcasts
lectures and other items of interest
twice a week. Minnesota, Ohio State,
and Purdue are other Big Ten univer
sities that give frequent programs.
The University of Rochester (N. Y.)
transmits weather reports and con
certs daily, and on Sunday an after
noon church service.
Among other institutions with regis
tered wireless telephone transmitting
plants are the Universities of Pennsyl
vania, Cornell, Cincinnati, Oregon,
Washington, Colorado, North and
South Dakota, Arizona, Louisiana, Le
land Stanford, Jr., Oklahoma, Texas,
and Vermont.
Officials of many of these stations
say that they have found in the radio
the ideal way to get in touch with
their alumni and with people inter
ested in their athletic contests and
other big functions. By the volume and
distribution of the answers they have
received from listeners-in, they have
been able to find out that such pro
grams as they broadcast are actually
needed and enjoyed not only by their
immediate communities but sometimes
even in far removed places.
Practically unheard or in colleges a
few years ago, radio broadcasting sta
tions are operated by practically all
the larger universities of the country
today, government records reveal.
The stations vary from small ex
perimental plants constructed by mem
bers of the engineering departments
of the schools, to powerful ready-made,
long-range, broadcasting apparatus.
Extension lectures, concerts, readings,
market and weather reports, and many
other types of program are being
transmitted from these stations daily.
One of the pioneers in the field, the
Wisconsin university station, broad
casts a program which can be picked,
up throughout the country every day,
while lowa State also sends out daily
musical concerts. Illinois broadcasts
lectures and other items of interest
twice a week. Minnesota, Ohio State,
and Purdue are other Big Ten univer
sities that give frequent programs.
The University of Rochester (N. Y.)
transmits weather reports and con
certs daily, and on Sunday an after
noon church service.
Among other institutions with regis
tered wireless telephone transmitting
plants are the Universities of Pennsyl
vania, Cornell, Cincinnati, Oregon,
Washington, Colorado, North and
South Dakota, Arizona, Louisiana, Le
land Stanford, Jr., Oklahoma, Texas,
and Vermont.
Officials of many of these stations
say that they have found in the radio
the ideal way to get in touch with
their alumni and with people inter
ested in their athletic contests and
other big functions. By the volume and
distribution of the answers they have
received from listeners-in, they have
been able to find out that such pro
grams as they broadcast are actually
needed and enjoyed not only by their
immediate communities but sometimes
even in far removed places.
Practically unheard or in colleges a
few years ago, radio broadcasting sta
tions are operated by practically all
the larger universities of the country
today, government records reveal.
The stations vary from small ex
perimental plants constructed by mem
bers of the engineering departments
of the schools, to powerful ready-made,
long-range, broadcasting apparatus.
Extension lectures, concerts, readings,
market and weather reports, and many
other types of program are being
transmitted from these stations daily.
One of the pioneers in the field, the
Wisconsin university station, broad
casts a program which can be picked,
up throughout the country every day,
while lowa State also sends out daily
musical concerts. Illinois broadcasts
lectures and other items of interest
twice a week. Minnesota, Ohio State,
and Purdue are other Big Ten univer
sities that give frequent programs.
The University of Rochester (N. Y.)
transmits weather reports and con
certs daily, and on Sunday an after
noon church service.
Among other institutions with regis
tered wireless telephone transmitting
plants are the Universities of Pennsyl
vania, Cornell, Cincinnati, Oregon,
Washington, Colorado, North and
South Dakota, Arizona, Louisiana, Le
land Stanford, Jr., Oklahoma, Texas,
and Vermont.
Officials of many of these stations
say that they have found in the radio
the ideal way to get in touch with
their alumni and with people inter
ested in their athletic contests and
other big functions. By the volume and
distribution of the answers they have
received from listeners-in, they have
been able to find out that such pro
grams as they broadcast are actually
needed and enjoyed not only by their
immediate communities but sometimes
even in far removed places.
Practically unheard or in colleges a
few years ago, radio broadcasting sta
tions are operated by practically all
the larger universities of the country
today, government records reveal.
The stations vary from small ex
perimental plants constructed by mem
bers of the engineering departments
of the schools, to powerful ready-made,
long-range, broadcasting apparatus.
Extension lectures, concerts, readings,
market and weather reports, and many
other types of program are being
transmitted from these stations daily.
One of the pioneers in the field, the
Wisconsin university station, broad
casts a program which can be picked,
up throughout the country every day,
while lowa State also sends out daily
musical concerts. Illinois broadcasts
lectures and other items of interest
twice a week. Minnesota, Ohio State,
and Purdue are other Big Ten univer
sities that give frequent programs.
The University of Rochester (N. Y.)
transmits weather reports and con
certs daily, and on Sunday an after
noon church service.
Among other institutions with regis
tered wireless telephone transmitting
plants are the Universities of Pennsyl
vania, Cornell, Cincinnati, Oregon,
Washington, Colorado, North and
South Dakota, Arizona, Louisiana, Le
land Stanford, Jr., Oklahoma, Texas,
and Vermont.
Officials of many of these stations
say that they have found in the radio
the ideal way to get in touch with
their alumni and with people inter
ested in their athletic contests and
other big functions. By the volume and
distribution of the answers they have
received from listeners-in, they have
been able to find out that such pro
grams as they broadcast are actually
needed and enjoyed not only by their
immediate communities but sometimes
even in far removed places.
Practically unheard or in colleges a
few years ago, radio broadcasting sta
tions are operated by practically all
the larger universities of the country
today, government records reveal.
The stations vary from small ex
perimental plants constructed by mem
bers of the engineering departments
of the schools, to powerful ready-made,
long-range, broadcasting apparatus.
Extension lectures, concerts, readings,
market and weather reports, and many
other types of program are being
transmitted from these stations daily.
One of the pioneers in the field, the
Wisconsin university station, broad
casts a program which can be picked,
up throughout the country every day,
while lowa State also sends out daily
musical concerts. Illinois broadcasts
lectures and other items of interest
twice a week. Minnesota, Ohio State,
and Purdue are other Big Ten univer
sities that give frequent programs.
The University of Rochester (N. Y.)
transmits weather reports and con
certs daily, and on Sunday an after
noon church service.
Among other institutions with regis
tered wireless telephone transmitting
plants are the Universities of Pennsyl
vania, Cornell, Cincinnati, Oregon,
Washington, Colorado, North and
South Dakota, Arizona, Louisiana, Le
land Stanford, Jr., Oklahoma, Texas,
and Vermont.
Officials of many of these stations
say that they have found in the radio
the ideal way to get in touch with
their alumni and with people inter
ested in their athletic contests and
other big functions. By the volume and
distribution of the answers they have
received from listeners-in, they have
been able to find out that such pro
grams as they broadcast are actually
needed and enjoyed not only by their
immediate communities but sometimes
even in far removed places.
Practically unheard or in colleges a
few years ago, radio broadcasting sta
tions are operated by practically all
the larger universities of the country
today, government records reveal.
The stations vary from small ex
perimental plants constructed by mem
bers of the engineering departments
of the schools, to powerful ready-made,
long-range, broadcasting apparatus.
Extension lectures, concerts, readings,
market and weather reports, and many
other types of program are being
transmitted from these stations daily.
One of the pioneers in the field, the
Wisconsin university station, broad
casts a program which can be picked,
up throughout the country every day,
while lowa State also sends out daily
musical concerts. Illinois broadcasts
lectures and other items of interest
twice a week. Minnesota, Ohio State,
and Purdue are other Big Ten univer
sities that give frequent programs.
The University of Rochester (N. Y.)
transmits weather reports and con
certs daily, and on Sunday an after
noon church service.
Among other institutions with regis
tered wireless telephone transmitting
plants are the Universities of Pennsyl
vania, Cornell, Cincinnati, Oregon,
Washington, Colorado, North and
South Dakota, Arizona, Louisiana, Le
land Stanford, Jr., Oklahoma, Texas,
and Vermont.
Officials of many of these stations
say that they have found in the radio
the ideal way to get in touch with
their alumni and with people inter
ested in their athletic contests and
other big functions. By the volume and
distribution of the answers they have
received from listeners-in, they have
been able to find out that such pro
grams as they broadcast are actually
needed and enjoyed not only by their
immediate communities but sometimes
even in far removed places.
Practically unheard or in colleges a
few years ago, radio broadcasting sta
tions are operated by practically all
the larger universities of the country
today, government records reveal.
The stations vary from small ex
perimental plants constructed by mem
bers of the engineering departments
of the schools, to powerful ready-made,
long-range, broadcasting apparatus.
Extension lectures, concerts, readings,
market and weather reports, and many
other types of program are being
transmitted from these stations daily.
One of the pioneers in the field, the
Wisconsin university station, broad
casts a program which can be picked,
up throughout the country every day,
while lowa State also sends out daily
musical concerts. Illinois broadcasts
lectures and other items of interest
twice a week. Minnesota, Ohio State,
and Purdue are other Big Ten univer
sities that give frequent programs.
The University of Rochester (N. Y.)
transmits weather reports and con
certs daily, and on Sunday an after
noon church service.
Among other institutions with regis
tered wireless telephone transmitting
plants are the Universities of Pennsyl
vania, Cornell, Cincinnati, Oregon,
Washington, Colorado, North and
South Dakota, Arizona, Louisiana, Le
land Stanford, Jr., Oklahoma, Texas,
and Vermont.
Officials of many of these stations
say that they have found in the radio
the ideal way to get in touch with
their alumni and with people inter
ested in their athletic contests and
other big functions. By the volume and
distribution of the answers they have
received from listeners-in, they have
been able to find out that such pro
grams as they broadcast are actually
needed and enjoyed not only by their
immediate communities but sometimes
even in far removed places.
Practically unheard or in colleges a
few years ago, radio broadcasting sta
tions are operated by practically all
the larger universities of the country
today, government records reveal.
The stations vary from small ex
perimental plants constructed by mem
bers of the engineering departments
of the schools, to powerful ready-made,
long-range, broadcasting apparatus.
Extension lectures, concerts, readings,
market and weather reports, and many
other types of program are being
transmitted from these stations daily.
One of the pioneers in the field, the
Wisconsin university station, broad
casts a program which can be picked,
up throughout the country every day,
while lowa State also sends out daily
musical concerts. Illinois broadcasts
lectures and other items of interest
twice a week. Minnesota, Ohio State,
and Purdue are other Big Ten univer
sities that give frequent programs.
The University of Rochester (N. Y.)
transmits weather reports and con
certs daily, and on Sunday an after
noon church service.
Among other institutions with regis
tered wireless telephone transmitting
plants are the Universities of Pennsyl
vania, Cornell, Cincinnati, Oregon,
Washington, Colorado, North and
South Dakota, Arizona, Louisiana, Le
land Stanford, Jr., Oklahoma, Texas,
and Vermont.
Officials of many of these stations
say that they have found in the radio
the ideal way to get in touch with
their alumni and with people inter
ested in their athletic contests and
other big functions. By the volume and
distribution of the answers they have
received from listeners-in, they have
been able to find out that such pro
grams as they broadcast are actually
needed and enjoyed not only by their
immediate communities but sometimes
even in far removed places.
Practically unheard or in colleges a
few years ago, radio broadcasting sta
tions are operated by practically all
the larger universities of the country
today, government records reveal.
The stations vary from small ex
perimental plants constructed by mem
bers of the engineering departments
of the schools, to powerful ready-made,
long-range, broadcasting apparatus.
Extension lectures, concerts, readings,
market and weather reports, and many
other types of program are being
transmitted from these stations daily.
One of the pioneers in the field, the
Wisconsin university station, broad
casts a program which can be picked,
up throughout the country every day,
while lowa State also sends out daily
musical concerts. Illinois broadcasts
lectures and other items of interest
twice a week. Minnesota, Ohio State,
and Purdue are other Big Ten univer
sities that give frequent programs.
The University of Rochester (N. Y.)
transmits weather reports and con
certs daily, and on Sunday an after
noon church service.
Among other institutions with regis
tered wireless telephone transmitting
plants are the Universities of Pennsyl
vania, Cornell, Cincinnati, Oregon,
Washington, Colorado, North and
South Dakota, Arizona, Louisiana, Le
land Stanford, Jr., Oklahoma, Texas,
and Vermont.
Officials of many of these stations
say that they have found in the radio
the ideal way to get in touch with
their alumni and with people inter
ested in their athletic contests and
other big functions. By the volume and
distribution of the answers they have
received from listeners-in, they have
been able to find out that such pro
grams as they broadcast are actually
needed and enjoyed not only by their
immediate communities but sometimes
even in far removed places.
Practically unheard or in colleges a
few years ago, radio broadcasting sta
tions are operated by practically all
the larger universities of the country
today, government records reveal.
The stations vary from small ex
perimental plants constructed by mem
bers of the engineering departments
of the schools, to powerful ready-made,
long-range, broadcasting apparatus.
Extension lectures, concerts, readings,
market and weather reports, and many
other types of program are being
transmitted from these stations daily.
One of the pioneers in the field, the
Wisconsin university station, broad
casts a program which can be picked,
up throughout the country every day,
while lowa State also sends out daily
musical concerts. Illinois broadcasts
lectures and other items of interest
twice a week. Minnesota, Ohio State,
and Purdue are other Big Ten univer
sities that give frequent programs.
The University of Rochester (N. Y.)
transmits weather reports and con
certs daily, and on Sunday an after
noon church service.
Among other institutions with regis
tered wireless telephone transmitting
plants are the Universities of Pennsyl
vania, Cornell, Cincinnati, Oregon,
Washington, Colorado, North and
South Dakota, Arizona, Louisiana, Le
land Stanford, Jr., Oklahoma, Texas,
and Vermont.
Officials of many of these stations
say that they have found in the radio
the ideal way to get in touch with
their alumni and with people inter
ested in their athletic contests and
other big functions. By the volume and
distribution of the answers they have
received from listeners-in, they have
been able to find out that such pro
grams as they broadcast are actually
needed and enjoyed not only by their
immediate communities but sometimes
even in far removed places.
Practically unheard or in colleges a
few years ago, radio broadcasting sta
tions are operated by practically all
the larger universities of the country
today, government records reveal.
The stations vary from small ex
perimental plants constructed by mem
bers of the engineering departments
of the schools, to powerful ready-made,
long-range, broadcasting apparatus.
Extension lectures, concerts, readings,
market and weather reports, and many
other types of program are being
transmitted from these stations daily.
One of the pioneers in the field, the
Wisconsin university station, broad
casts a program which can be picked,
up throughout the country every day,
while lowa State also sends out daily
musical concerts. Illinois broadcasts
lectures and other items of interest
twice a week. Minnesota, Ohio State,
and Purdue are other Big Ten univer
sities that give frequent programs.
The University of Rochester (N. Y.)
transmits weather reports and con
certs daily, and on Sunday an after
noon church service.
Among other institutions with regis
tered wireless telephone transmitting
plants are the Universities of Pennsyl
vania, Cornell, Cincinnati, Oregon,
Washington, Colorado, North and
South Dakota, Arizona, Louisiana, Le
land Stanford, Jr., Oklahoma, Texas,
and Vermont.
Officials of many of these stations
say that they have found in the radio
the ideal way to get in touch with
their alumni and with people inter
ested in their athletic contests and
other big functions. By the volume and
distribution of the answers they have
received from listeners-in, they have
been able to find out that such pro
grams as they broadcast are actually
needed and enjoyed not only by their
immediate communities but sometimes
even in far removed places.
Practically unheard or in colleges a
few years ago, radio broadcasting sta
tions are operated by practically all
the larger universities of the country
today, government records reveal.
The stations vary from small ex
perimental plants constructed by mem
bers of the engineering departments
of the schools, to powerful ready-made,
long-range, broadcasting apparatus.
Extension lectures, concerts, readings,
market and weather reports, and many
other types of program are being
transmitted from these stations daily.
One of the pioneers in the field, the
Wisconsin university station, broad
casts a program which can be picked,
up throughout the country every day,
while lowa State also sends out daily
musical concerts. Illinois broadcasts
lectures and other items of interest
twice a week. Minnesota, Ohio State,
and Purdue are other Big Ten univer
sities that give frequent programs.
The University of Rochester (N. Y.)
transmits weather reports and con
certs daily, and on Sunday an after
noon church service.
Among other institutions with regis
tered wireless telephone transmitting
plants are the Universities of Pennsyl
vania, Cornell, Cincinnati, Oregon,
Washington, Colorado, North and
South Dakota, Arizona, Louisiana, Le
land Stanford, Jr., Oklahoma, Texas,
and Vermont.
Officials of many of these stations
say that they have found in the radio
the ideal way to get in touch with
their alumni and with people inter
ested in their athletic contests and
other big functions. By the volume and
distribution of the answers they have
received from listeners-in, they have
been able to find out that such pro
grams as they broadcast are actually
needed and enjoyed not only by their
immediate communities but sometimes
even in far removed places.
