# Official Notice
## 
### 
All University scholarships, both
graduate and undergraduate, except
those set aside for freshmen, will be
awarded during the spring quarter.
Candidates, including present holders,
should file applications with the Com
mittee 011 Scholarship before April 10.
Application blanks and further infor
mation may be obtained from the sec
retary of the committee any morning
between 9 and 12 at the Registrar's
office.
All University scholarships, both
graduate and undergraduate, except
those set aside for freshmen, will be
awarded during the spring quarter.
Candidates, including present holders,
should file applications with the Com
mittee 011 Scholarship before April 10.
Application blanks and further infor
mation may be obtained from the sec
retary of the committee any morning
between 9 and 12 at the Registrar's
office.
All University scholarships, both
graduate and undergraduate, except
those set aside for freshmen, will be
awarded during the spring quarter.
Candidates, including present holders,
should file applications with the Com
mittee 011 Scholarship before April 10.
Application blanks and further infor
mation may be obtained from the sec
retary of the committee any morning
between 9 and 12 at the Registrar's
office.
All University scholarships, both
graduate and undergraduate, except
those set aside for freshmen, will be
awarded during the spring quarter.
Candidates, including present holders,
should file applications with the Com
mittee 011 Scholarship before April 10.
Application blanks and further infor
mation may be obtained from the sec
retary of the committee any morning
between 9 and 12 at the Registrar's
office.
All University scholarships, both
graduate and undergraduate, except
those set aside for freshmen, will be
awarded during the spring quarter.
Candidates, including present holders,
should file applications with the Com
mittee 011 Scholarship before April 10.
Application blanks and further infor
mation may be obtained from the sec
retary of the committee any morning
between 9 and 12 at the Registrar's
office.
All University scholarships, both
graduate and undergraduate, except
those set aside for freshmen, will be
awarded during the spring quarter.
Candidates, including present holders,
should file applications with the Com
mittee 011 Scholarship before April 10.
Application blanks and further infor
mation may be obtained from the sec
retary of the committee any morning
between 9 and 12 at the Registrar's
office.
All University scholarships, both
graduate and undergraduate, except
those set aside for freshmen, will be
awarded during the spring quarter.
Candidates, including present holders,
should file applications with the Com
mittee 011 Scholarship before April 10.
Application blanks and further infor
mation may be obtained from the sec
retary of the committee any morning
between 9 and 12 at the Registrar's
office.
All University scholarships, both
graduate and undergraduate, except
those set aside for freshmen, will be
awarded during the spring quarter.
Candidates, including present holders,
should file applications with the Com
mittee 011 Scholarship before April 10.
Application blanks and further infor
mation may be obtained from the sec
retary of the committee any morning
between 9 and 12 at the Registrar's
office.
All University scholarships, both
graduate and undergraduate, except
those set aside for freshmen, will be
awarded during the spring quarter.
Candidates, including present holders,
should file applications with the Com
mittee 011 Scholarship before April 10.
Application blanks and further infor
mation may be obtained from the sec
retary of the committee any morning
between 9 and 12 at the Registrar's
office.
All University scholarships, both
graduate and undergraduate, except
those set aside for freshmen, will be
awarded during the spring quarter.
Candidates, including present holders,
should file applications with the Com
mittee 011 Scholarship before April 10.
Application blanks and further infor
mation may be obtained from the sec
retary of the committee any morning
between 9 and 12 at the Registrar's
office.
All University scholarships, both
graduate and undergraduate, except
those set aside for freshmen, will be
awarded during the spring quarter.
Candidates, including present holders,
should file applications with the Com
mittee 011 Scholarship before April 10.
Application blanks and further infor
mation may be obtained from the sec
retary of the committee any morning
between 9 and 12 at the Registrar's
office.
All University scholarships, both
graduate and undergraduate, except
those set aside for freshmen, will be
awarded during the spring quarter.
Candidates, including present holders,
should file applications with the Com
mittee 011 Scholarship before April 10.
Application blanks and further infor
mation may be obtained from the sec
retary of the committee any morning
between 9 and 12 at the Registrar's
office.
All University scholarships, both
graduate and undergraduate, except
those set aside for freshmen, will be
awarded during the spring quarter.
Candidates, including present holders,
should file applications with the Com
mittee 011 Scholarship before April 10.
Application blanks and further infor
mation may be obtained from the sec
retary of the committee any morning
between 9 and 12 at the Registrar's
office.
All University scholarships, both
graduate and undergraduate, except
those set aside for freshmen, will be
awarded during the spring quarter.
Candidates, including present holders,
should file applications with the Com
mittee 011 Scholarship before April 10.
Application blanks and further infor
mation may be obtained from the sec
retary of the committee any morning
between 9 and 12 at the Registrar's
office.
All University scholarships, both
graduate and undergraduate, except
those set aside for freshmen, will be
awarded during the spring quarter.
Candidates, including present holders,
should file applications with the Com
mittee 011 Scholarship before April 10.
Application blanks and further infor
mation may be obtained from the sec
retary of the committee any morning
between 9 and 12 at the Registrar's
office.
