# LAMSON BUYS CAMPUS HOME
## 
### 
David Lamson, of the University
Press, has bought the home of Pro
fessor George R. Harrison, on G22
Salvatierra, and will take possession
on September 1. Professor Harrison
will leave at the end of this month
for the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, where he will be a mem
ber of the physics faculty. Larrison
has formerly lived at Los Altos.
David Lamson, of the University
Press, has bought the home of Pro
fessor George R. Harrison, on G22
Salvatierra, and will take possession
on September 1. Professor Harrison
will leave at the end of this month
for the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, where he will be a mem
ber of the physics faculty. Larrison
has formerly lived at Los Altos.
David Lamson, of the University
Press, has bought the home of Pro
fessor George R. Harrison, on G22
Salvatierra, and will take possession
on September 1. Professor Harrison
will leave at the end of this month
for the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, where he will be a mem
ber of the physics faculty. Larrison
has formerly lived at Los Altos.
David Lamson, of the University
Press, has bought the home of Pro
fessor George R. Harrison, on G22
Salvatierra, and will take possession
on September 1. Professor Harrison
will leave at the end of this month
for the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, where he will be a mem
ber of the physics faculty. Larrison
has formerly lived at Los Altos.
David Lamson, of the University
Press, has bought the home of Pro
fessor George R. Harrison, on G22
Salvatierra, and will take possession
on September 1. Professor Harrison
will leave at the end of this month
for the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, where he will be a mem
ber of the physics faculty. Larrison
has formerly lived at Los Altos.
David Lamson, of the University
Press, has bought the home of Pro
fessor George R. Harrison, on G22
Salvatierra, and will take possession
on September 1. Professor Harrison
will leave at the end of this month
for the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, where he will be a mem
ber of the physics faculty. Larrison
has formerly lived at Los Altos.
David Lamson, of the University
Press, has bought the home of Pro
fessor George R. Harrison, on G22
Salvatierra, and will take possession
on September 1. Professor Harrison
will leave at the end of this month
for the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, where he will be a mem
ber of the physics faculty. Larrison
has formerly lived at Los Altos.
David Lamson, of the University
Press, has bought the home of Pro
fessor George R. Harrison, on G22
Salvatierra, and will take possession
on September 1. Professor Harrison
will leave at the end of this month
for the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, where he will be a mem
ber of the physics faculty. Larrison
has formerly lived at Los Altos.
David Lamson, of the University
Press, has bought the home of Pro
fessor George R. Harrison, on G22
Salvatierra, and will take possession
on September 1. Professor Harrison
will leave at the end of this month
for the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, where he will be a mem
ber of the physics faculty. Larrison
has formerly lived at Los Altos.
David Lamson, of the University
Press, has bought the home of Pro
fessor George R. Harrison, on G22
Salvatierra, and will take possession
on September 1. Professor Harrison
will leave at the end of this month
for the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, where he will be a mem
ber of the physics faculty. Larrison
has formerly lived at Los Altos.
David Lamson, of the University
Press, has bought the home of Pro
fessor George R. Harrison, on G22
Salvatierra, and will take possession
on September 1. Professor Harrison
will leave at the end of this month
for the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, where he will be a mem
ber of the physics faculty. Larrison
has formerly lived at Los Altos.
David Lamson, of the University
Press, has bought the home of Pro
fessor George R. Harrison, on G22
Salvatierra, and will take possession
on September 1. Professor Harrison
will leave at the end of this month
for the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, where he will be a mem
ber of the physics faculty. Larrison
has formerly lived at Los Altos.
David Lamson, of the University
Press, has bought the home of Pro
fessor George R. Harrison, on G22
Salvatierra, and will take possession
on September 1. Professor Harrison
will leave at the end of this month
for the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, where he will be a mem
ber of the physics faculty. Larrison
has formerly lived at Los Altos.
David Lamson, of the University
Press, has bought the home of Pro
fessor George R. Harrison, on G22
Salvatierra, and will take possession
on September 1. Professor Harrison
will leave at the end of this month
for the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, where he will be a mem
ber of the physics faculty. Larrison
has formerly lived at Los Altos.
