# TALK ON WASHINGTON TO BE GIVEN BY FISH
## 
### 
"George Washington" will be the
subject of a lecture to be presented
by Professor Carl Russell Fish at 8
o'clock Tuesday night in the Little
Theatre. Professor Fish, who gave the
first of a series of talks on outstand
ing historical figures given by dif
ferent members of the History de
partment in the early part of the
summer, is widely known as an in
teresting speaker and a master of his
field.
"George Washington" will be the
subject of a lecture to be presented
by Professor Carl Russell Fish at 8
o'clock Tuesday night in the Little
Theatre. Professor Fish, who gave the
first of a series of talks on outstand
ing historical figures given by dif
ferent members of the History de
partment in the early part of the
summer, is widely known as an in
teresting speaker and a master of his
field.
"George Washington" will be the
subject of a lecture to be presented
by Professor Carl Russell Fish at 8
o'clock Tuesday night in the Little
Theatre. Professor Fish, who gave the
first of a series of talks on outstand
ing historical figures given by dif
ferent members of the History de
partment in the early part of the
summer, is widely known as an in
teresting speaker and a master of his
field.
"George Washington" will be the
subject of a lecture to be presented
by Professor Carl Russell Fish at 8
o'clock Tuesday night in the Little
Theatre. Professor Fish, who gave the
first of a series of talks on outstand
ing historical figures given by dif
ferent members of the History de
partment in the early part of the
summer, is widely known as an in
teresting speaker and a master of his
field.
"George Washington" will be the
subject of a lecture to be presented
by Professor Carl Russell Fish at 8
o'clock Tuesday night in the Little
Theatre. Professor Fish, who gave the
first of a series of talks on outstand
ing historical figures given by dif
ferent members of the History de
partment in the early part of the
summer, is widely known as an in
teresting speaker and a master of his
field.
"George Washington" will be the
subject of a lecture to be presented
by Professor Carl Russell Fish at 8
o'clock Tuesday night in the Little
Theatre. Professor Fish, who gave the
first of a series of talks on outstand
ing historical figures given by dif
ferent members of the History de
partment in the early part of the
summer, is widely known as an in
teresting speaker and a master of his
field.
"George Washington" will be the
subject of a lecture to be presented
by Professor Carl Russell Fish at 8
o'clock Tuesday night in the Little
Theatre. Professor Fish, who gave the
first of a series of talks on outstand
ing historical figures given by dif
ferent members of the History de
partment in the early part of the
summer, is widely known as an in
teresting speaker and a master of his
field.
"George Washington" will be the
subject of a lecture to be presented
by Professor Carl Russell Fish at 8
o'clock Tuesday night in the Little
Theatre. Professor Fish, who gave the
first of a series of talks on outstand
ing historical figures given by dif
ferent members of the History de
partment in the early part of the
summer, is widely known as an in
teresting speaker and a master of his
field.
"George Washington" will be the
subject of a lecture to be presented
by Professor Carl Russell Fish at 8
o'clock Tuesday night in the Little
Theatre. Professor Fish, who gave the
first of a series of talks on outstand
ing historical figures given by dif
ferent members of the History de
partment in the early part of the
summer, is widely known as an in
teresting speaker and a master of his
field.
"George Washington" will be the
subject of a lecture to be presented
by Professor Carl Russell Fish at 8
o'clock Tuesday night in the Little
Theatre. Professor Fish, who gave the
first of a series of talks on outstand
ing historical figures given by dif
ferent members of the History de
partment in the early part of the
summer, is widely known as an in
teresting speaker and a master of his
field.
"George Washington" will be the
subject of a lecture to be presented
by Professor Carl Russell Fish at 8
o'clock Tuesday night in the Little
Theatre. Professor Fish, who gave the
first of a series of talks on outstand
ing historical figures given by dif
ferent members of the History de
partment in the early part of the
summer, is widely known as an in
teresting speaker and a master of his
field.
"George Washington" will be the
subject of a lecture to be presented
by Professor Carl Russell Fish at 8
o'clock Tuesday night in the Little
Theatre. Professor Fish, who gave the
first of a series of talks on outstand
ing historical figures given by dif
ferent members of the History de
partment in the early part of the
summer, is widely known as an in
teresting speaker and a master of his
field.
"George Washington" will be the
subject of a lecture to be presented
by Professor Carl Russell Fish at 8
o'clock Tuesday night in the Little
Theatre. Professor Fish, who gave the
first of a series of talks on outstand
ing historical figures given by dif
ferent members of the History de
partment in the early part of the
summer, is widely known as an in
teresting speaker and a master of his
field.
"George Washington" will be the
subject of a lecture to be presented
by Professor Carl Russell Fish at 8
o'clock Tuesday night in the Little
Theatre. Professor Fish, who gave the
first of a series of talks on outstand
ing historical figures given by dif
ferent members of the History de
partment in the early part of the
summer, is widely known as an in
teresting speaker and a master of his
field.
