# Athletic Director
## 
### 

Charles W. "Chuck" Frankland,
'orrner track and baseball star at
he University of Washington, has
>een appointed athletic director of
he institution. (Associated Press
'hoto)

Charles W. "Chuck" Frankland,
'orrner track and baseball star at
he University of Washington, has
>een appointed athletic director of
he institution. (Associated Press
'hoto)

Charles W. "Chuck" Frankland,
'orrner track and baseball star at
he University of Washington, has
>een appointed athletic director of
he institution. (Associated Press
'hoto)

Charles W. "Chuck" Frankland,
'orrner track and baseball star at
he University of Washington, has
>een appointed athletic director of
he institution. (Associated Press
'hoto)

Charles W. "Chuck" Frankland,
'orrner track and baseball star at
he University of Washington, has
>een appointed athletic director of
he institution. (Associated Press
'hoto)

Charles W. "Chuck" Frankland,
'orrner track and baseball star at
he University of Washington, has
>een appointed athletic director of
he institution. (Associated Press
'hoto)

Charles W. "Chuck" Frankland,
'orrner track and baseball star at
he University of Washington, has
>een appointed athletic director of
he institution. (Associated Press
'hoto)

Charles W. "Chuck" Frankland,
'orrner track and baseball star at
he University of Washington, has
>een appointed athletic director of
he institution. (Associated Press
'hoto)

Charles W. "Chuck" Frankland,
'orrner track and baseball star at
he University of Washington, has
>een appointed athletic director of
he institution. (Associated Press
'hoto)

Charles W. "Chuck" Frankland,
'orrner track and baseball star at
he University of Washington, has
>een appointed athletic director of
he institution. (Associated Press
'hoto)

Charles W. "Chuck" Frankland,
'orrner track and baseball star at
he University of Washington, has
>een appointed athletic director of
he institution. (Associated Press
'hoto)

Charles W. "Chuck" Frankland,
'orrner track and baseball star at
he University of Washington, has
>een appointed athletic director of
he institution. (Associated Press
'hoto)

Charles W. "Chuck" Frankland,
'orrner track and baseball star at
he University of Washington, has
>een appointed athletic director of
he institution. (Associated Press
'hoto)

Charles W. "Chuck" Frankland,
'orrner track and baseball star at
he University of Washington, has
>een appointed athletic director of
he institution. (Associated Press
'hoto)
