# For The Spectator
## 
### 

Lillian Bond, Hollywood actress,
introduced this huge leghorn brim
hat to protect her complexion and
a distinctive lounging ensemble in
shades of green and white to wear
when she's watching swimmers.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lillian Bond, Hollywood actress,
introduced this huge leghorn brim
hat to protect her complexion and
a distinctive lounging ensemble in
shades of green and white to wear
when she's watching swimmers.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lillian Bond, Hollywood actress,
introduced this huge leghorn brim
hat to protect her complexion and
a distinctive lounging ensemble in
shades of green and white to wear
when she's watching swimmers.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lillian Bond, Hollywood actress,
introduced this huge leghorn brim
hat to protect her complexion and
a distinctive lounging ensemble in
shades of green and white to wear
when she's watching swimmers.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lillian Bond, Hollywood actress,
introduced this huge leghorn brim
hat to protect her complexion and
a distinctive lounging ensemble in
shades of green and white to wear
when she's watching swimmers.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lillian Bond, Hollywood actress,
introduced this huge leghorn brim
hat to protect her complexion and
a distinctive lounging ensemble in
shades of green and white to wear
when she's watching swimmers.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lillian Bond, Hollywood actress,
introduced this huge leghorn brim
hat to protect her complexion and
a distinctive lounging ensemble in
shades of green and white to wear
when she's watching swimmers.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lillian Bond, Hollywood actress,
introduced this huge leghorn brim
hat to protect her complexion and
a distinctive lounging ensemble in
shades of green and white to wear
when she's watching swimmers.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lillian Bond, Hollywood actress,
introduced this huge leghorn brim
hat to protect her complexion and
a distinctive lounging ensemble in
shades of green and white to wear
when she's watching swimmers.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lillian Bond, Hollywood actress,
introduced this huge leghorn brim
hat to protect her complexion and
a distinctive lounging ensemble in
shades of green and white to wear
when she's watching swimmers.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lillian Bond, Hollywood actress,
introduced this huge leghorn brim
hat to protect her complexion and
a distinctive lounging ensemble in
shades of green and white to wear
when she's watching swimmers.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lillian Bond, Hollywood actress,
introduced this huge leghorn brim
hat to protect her complexion and
a distinctive lounging ensemble in
shades of green and white to wear
when she's watching swimmers.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lillian Bond, Hollywood actress,
introduced this huge leghorn brim
hat to protect her complexion and
a distinctive lounging ensemble in
shades of green and white to wear
when she's watching swimmers.
(Associated Press Photo)

Lillian Bond, Hollywood actress,
introduced this huge leghorn brim
hat to protect her complexion and
a distinctive lounging ensemble in
shades of green and white to wear
when she's watching swimmers.
(Associated Press Photo)
