# Iowa House Okehs Bill Making 3.2 Beer Legal
## 
### 
DES MOINES, lowa, April 11 I /I'/
—The lowa House today passed the
bill legalizing 3.2 per cent beer by
a vote of 65 to 43.
DES MOINES, lowa, April 11 I /I'/
—The lowa House today passed the
bill legalizing 3.2 per cent beer by
a vote of 65 to 43.
DES MOINES, lowa, April 11 I /I'/
—The lowa House today passed the
bill legalizing 3.2 per cent beer by
a vote of 65 to 43.
DES MOINES, lowa, April 11 I /I'/
—The lowa House today passed the
bill legalizing 3.2 per cent beer by
a vote of 65 to 43.
DES MOINES, lowa, April 11 I /I'/
—The lowa House today passed the
bill legalizing 3.2 per cent beer by
a vote of 65 to 43.
DES MOINES, lowa, April 11 I /I'/
—The lowa House today passed the
bill legalizing 3.2 per cent beer by
a vote of 65 to 43.
DES MOINES, lowa, April 11 I /I'/
—The lowa House today passed the
bill legalizing 3.2 per cent beer by
a vote of 65 to 43.
DES MOINES, lowa, April 11 I /I'/
—The lowa House today passed the
bill legalizing 3.2 per cent beer by
a vote of 65 to 43.
DES MOINES, lowa, April 11 I /I'/
—The lowa House today passed the
bill legalizing 3.2 per cent beer by
a vote of 65 to 43.
DES MOINES, lowa, April 11 I /I'/
—The lowa House today passed the
bill legalizing 3.2 per cent beer by
a vote of 65 to 43.
DES MOINES, lowa, April 11 I /I'/
—The lowa House today passed the
bill legalizing 3.2 per cent beer by
a vote of 65 to 43.
DES MOINES, lowa, April 11 I /I'/
—The lowa House today passed the
bill legalizing 3.2 per cent beer by
a vote of 65 to 43.
DES MOINES, lowa, April 11 I /I'/
—The lowa House today passed the
bill legalizing 3.2 per cent beer by
a vote of 65 to 43.
DES MOINES, lowa, April 11 I /I'/
—The lowa House today passed the
bill legalizing 3.2 per cent beer by
a vote of 65 to 43.
