# F.R.'s Private Tri-Motor Plane Given Final Tests
## 
### 
DAYTON, Ohio, April 11 (/P) — A
tri-motored plane to be used ex
clusively by President Roosevelt re
cently underwent final tests at
Wright Field, it was learned today.
The plane will accommodate seven
persons, including two pilots and a
radio operator. Radio apparatus that
will enable the chief executive to
communicate with anyone while on
flight is a featui'e of the equipment.
DAYTON, Ohio, April 11 (/P) — A
tri-motored plane to be used ex
clusively by President Roosevelt re
cently underwent final tests at
Wright Field, it was learned today.
The plane will accommodate seven
persons, including two pilots and a
radio operator. Radio apparatus that
will enable the chief executive to
communicate with anyone while on
flight is a featui'e of the equipment.
DAYTON, Ohio, April 11 (/P) — A
tri-motored plane to be used ex
clusively by President Roosevelt re
cently underwent final tests at
Wright Field, it was learned today.
The plane will accommodate seven
persons, including two pilots and a
radio operator. Radio apparatus that
will enable the chief executive to
communicate with anyone while on
flight is a featui'e of the equipment.
DAYTON, Ohio, April 11 (/P) — A
tri-motored plane to be used ex
clusively by President Roosevelt re
cently underwent final tests at
Wright Field, it was learned today.
The plane will accommodate seven
persons, including two pilots and a
radio operator. Radio apparatus that
will enable the chief executive to
communicate with anyone while on
flight is a featui'e of the equipment.
DAYTON, Ohio, April 11 (/P) — A
tri-motored plane to be used ex
clusively by President Roosevelt re
cently underwent final tests at
Wright Field, it was learned today.
The plane will accommodate seven
persons, including two pilots and a
radio operator. Radio apparatus that
will enable the chief executive to
communicate with anyone while on
flight is a featui'e of the equipment.
DAYTON, Ohio, April 11 (/P) — A
tri-motored plane to be used ex
clusively by President Roosevelt re
cently underwent final tests at
Wright Field, it was learned today.
The plane will accommodate seven
persons, including two pilots and a
radio operator. Radio apparatus that
will enable the chief executive to
communicate with anyone while on
flight is a featui'e of the equipment.
DAYTON, Ohio, April 11 (/P) — A
tri-motored plane to be used ex
clusively by President Roosevelt re
cently underwent final tests at
Wright Field, it was learned today.
The plane will accommodate seven
persons, including two pilots and a
radio operator. Radio apparatus that
will enable the chief executive to
communicate with anyone while on
flight is a featui'e of the equipment.
DAYTON, Ohio, April 11 (/P) — A
tri-motored plane to be used ex
clusively by President Roosevelt re
cently underwent final tests at
Wright Field, it was learned today.
The plane will accommodate seven
persons, including two pilots and a
radio operator. Radio apparatus that
will enable the chief executive to
communicate with anyone while on
flight is a featui'e of the equipment.
DAYTON, Ohio, April 11 (/P) — A
tri-motored plane to be used ex
clusively by President Roosevelt re
cently underwent final tests at
Wright Field, it was learned today.
The plane will accommodate seven
persons, including two pilots and a
radio operator. Radio apparatus that
will enable the chief executive to
communicate with anyone while on
flight is a featui'e of the equipment.
DAYTON, Ohio, April 11 (/P) — A
tri-motored plane to be used ex
clusively by President Roosevelt re
cently underwent final tests at
Wright Field, it was learned today.
The plane will accommodate seven
persons, including two pilots and a
radio operator. Radio apparatus that
will enable the chief executive to
communicate with anyone while on
flight is a featui'e of the equipment.
DAYTON, Ohio, April 11 (/P) — A
tri-motored plane to be used ex
clusively by President Roosevelt re
cently underwent final tests at
Wright Field, it was learned today.
The plane will accommodate seven
persons, including two pilots and a
radio operator. Radio apparatus that
will enable the chief executive to
communicate with anyone while on
flight is a featui'e of the equipment.
DAYTON, Ohio, April 11 (/P) — A
tri-motored plane to be used ex
clusively by President Roosevelt re
cently underwent final tests at
Wright Field, it was learned today.
The plane will accommodate seven
persons, including two pilots and a
radio operator. Radio apparatus that
will enable the chief executive to
communicate with anyone while on
flight is a featui'e of the equipment.
DAYTON, Ohio, April 11 (/P) — A
tri-motored plane to be used ex
clusively by President Roosevelt re
cently underwent final tests at
Wright Field, it was learned today.
The plane will accommodate seven
persons, including two pilots and a
radio operator. Radio apparatus that
will enable the chief executive to
communicate with anyone while on
flight is a featui'e of the equipment.
DAYTON, Ohio, April 11 (/P) — A
tri-motored plane to be used ex
clusively by President Roosevelt re
cently underwent final tests at
Wright Field, it was learned today.
The plane will accommodate seven
persons, including two pilots and a
radio operator. Radio apparatus that
will enable the chief executive to
communicate with anyone while on
flight is a featui'e of the equipment.
