# COAST LEAGUE MYSTERY TEAM
## 
### 

Seattle's Indians have baseball fans guessing as the season gets
underway in real style. George Burns (left) plays first as well as
attending to managerial duties while Truett Sewell (right) is on tie
pitching staff. Two newcomers who are expected to sparkle are Hal
Maggart (lower left), outfielder, and Ned Nelson, third base. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Seattle's Indians have baseball fans guessing as the season gets
underway in real style. George Burns (left) plays first as well as
attending to managerial duties while Truett Sewell (right) is on tie
pitching staff. Two newcomers who are expected to sparkle are Hal
Maggart (lower left), outfielder, and Ned Nelson, third base. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Seattle's Indians have baseball fans guessing as the season gets
underway in real style. George Burns (left) plays first as well as
attending to managerial duties while Truett Sewell (right) is on tie
pitching staff. Two newcomers who are expected to sparkle are Hal
Maggart (lower left), outfielder, and Ned Nelson, third base. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Seattle's Indians have baseball fans guessing as the season gets
underway in real style. George Burns (left) plays first as well as
attending to managerial duties while Truett Sewell (right) is on tie
pitching staff. Two newcomers who are expected to sparkle are Hal
Maggart (lower left), outfielder, and Ned Nelson, third base. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Seattle's Indians have baseball fans guessing as the season gets
underway in real style. George Burns (left) plays first as well as
attending to managerial duties while Truett Sewell (right) is on tie
pitching staff. Two newcomers who are expected to sparkle are Hal
Maggart (lower left), outfielder, and Ned Nelson, third base. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Seattle's Indians have baseball fans guessing as the season gets
underway in real style. George Burns (left) plays first as well as
attending to managerial duties while Truett Sewell (right) is on tie
pitching staff. Two newcomers who are expected to sparkle are Hal
Maggart (lower left), outfielder, and Ned Nelson, third base. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Seattle's Indians have baseball fans guessing as the season gets
underway in real style. George Burns (left) plays first as well as
attending to managerial duties while Truett Sewell (right) is on tie
pitching staff. Two newcomers who are expected to sparkle are Hal
Maggart (lower left), outfielder, and Ned Nelson, third base. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Seattle's Indians have baseball fans guessing as the season gets
underway in real style. George Burns (left) plays first as well as
attending to managerial duties while Truett Sewell (right) is on tie
pitching staff. Two newcomers who are expected to sparkle are Hal
Maggart (lower left), outfielder, and Ned Nelson, third base. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Seattle's Indians have baseball fans guessing as the season gets
underway in real style. George Burns (left) plays first as well as
attending to managerial duties while Truett Sewell (right) is on tie
pitching staff. Two newcomers who are expected to sparkle are Hal
Maggart (lower left), outfielder, and Ned Nelson, third base. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Seattle's Indians have baseball fans guessing as the season gets
underway in real style. George Burns (left) plays first as well as
attending to managerial duties while Truett Sewell (right) is on tie
pitching staff. Two newcomers who are expected to sparkle are Hal
Maggart (lower left), outfielder, and Ned Nelson, third base. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Seattle's Indians have baseball fans guessing as the season gets
underway in real style. George Burns (left) plays first as well as
attending to managerial duties while Truett Sewell (right) is on tie
pitching staff. Two newcomers who are expected to sparkle are Hal
Maggart (lower left), outfielder, and Ned Nelson, third base. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Seattle's Indians have baseball fans guessing as the season gets
underway in real style. George Burns (left) plays first as well as
attending to managerial duties while Truett Sewell (right) is on tie
pitching staff. Two newcomers who are expected to sparkle are Hal
Maggart (lower left), outfielder, and Ned Nelson, third base. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Seattle's Indians have baseball fans guessing as the season gets
underway in real style. George Burns (left) plays first as well as
attending to managerial duties while Truett Sewell (right) is on tie
pitching staff. Two newcomers who are expected to sparkle are Hal
Maggart (lower left), outfielder, and Ned Nelson, third base. (Associ
ated Press Photos)

Seattle's Indians have baseball fans guessing as the season gets
underway in real style. George Burns (left) plays first as well as
attending to managerial duties while Truett Sewell (right) is on tie
pitching staff. Two newcomers who are expected to sparkle are Hal
Maggart (lower left), outfielder, and Ned Nelson, third base. (Associ
ated Press Photos)
