# Water Supply for New Gym.
## 
### 
Work on the new Gymnasium in
all departments has been progress
ing steadily during the holidays.
Perhaps the most important de
velopment in the work has been the
location of an excellent supply of
water by the men who have been
sinking a well for the last month
or so. A heavy flow was encount
ered at a depth of about 350 feet.
A pump has been installed and the
flow tested by continuous pumping
for the last two days. There ap
pears to be no diminution in the
flow. A good supply of fresh water
is now assured for the tank and
shower-bath. A second well is be
ing sunk close to the first one in
order that a plentiful supply shall
always be at hand.
Work on the new Gymnasium in
all departments has been progress
ing steadily during the holidays.
Perhaps the most important de
velopment in the work has been the
location of an excellent supply of
water by the men who have been
sinking a well for the last month
or so. A heavy flow was encount
ered at a depth of about 350 feet.
A pump has been installed and the
flow tested by continuous pumping
for the last two days. There ap
pears to be no diminution in the
flow. A good supply of fresh water
is now assured for the tank and
shower-bath. A second well is be
ing sunk close to the first one in
order that a plentiful supply shall
always be at hand.
Work on the new Gymnasium in
all departments has been progress
ing steadily during the holidays.
Perhaps the most important de
velopment in the work has been the
location of an excellent supply of
water by the men who have been
sinking a well for the last month
or so. A heavy flow was encount
ered at a depth of about 350 feet.
A pump has been installed and the
flow tested by continuous pumping
for the last two days. There ap
pears to be no diminution in the
flow. A good supply of fresh water
is now assured for the tank and
shower-bath. A second well is be
ing sunk close to the first one in
order that a plentiful supply shall
always be at hand.
Work on the new Gymnasium in
all departments has been progress
ing steadily during the holidays.
Perhaps the most important de
velopment in the work has been the
location of an excellent supply of
water by the men who have been
sinking a well for the last month
or so. A heavy flow was encount
ered at a depth of about 350 feet.
A pump has been installed and the
flow tested by continuous pumping
for the last two days. There ap
pears to be no diminution in the
flow. A good supply of fresh water
is now assured for the tank and
shower-bath. A second well is be
ing sunk close to the first one in
order that a plentiful supply shall
always be at hand.
Work on the new Gymnasium in
all departments has been progress
ing steadily during the holidays.
Perhaps the most important de
velopment in the work has been the
location of an excellent supply of
water by the men who have been
sinking a well for the last month
or so. A heavy flow was encount
ered at a depth of about 350 feet.
A pump has been installed and the
flow tested by continuous pumping
for the last two days. There ap
pears to be no diminution in the
flow. A good supply of fresh water
is now assured for the tank and
shower-bath. A second well is be
ing sunk close to the first one in
order that a plentiful supply shall
always be at hand.
Work on the new Gymnasium in
all departments has been progress
ing steadily during the holidays.
Perhaps the most important de
velopment in the work has been the
location of an excellent supply of
water by the men who have been
sinking a well for the last month
or so. A heavy flow was encount
ered at a depth of about 350 feet.
A pump has been installed and the
flow tested by continuous pumping
for the last two days. There ap
pears to be no diminution in the
flow. A good supply of fresh water
is now assured for the tank and
shower-bath. A second well is be
ing sunk close to the first one in
order that a plentiful supply shall
always be at hand.
Work on the new Gymnasium in
all departments has been progress
ing steadily during the holidays.
Perhaps the most important de
velopment in the work has been the
location of an excellent supply of
water by the men who have been
sinking a well for the last month
or so. A heavy flow was encount
ered at a depth of about 350 feet.
A pump has been installed and the
flow tested by continuous pumping
for the last two days. There ap
pears to be no diminution in the
flow. A good supply of fresh water
is now assured for the tank and
shower-bath. A second well is be
ing sunk close to the first one in
order that a plentiful supply shall
always be at hand.
Work on the new Gymnasium in
all departments has been progress
ing steadily during the holidays.
Perhaps the most important de
velopment in the work has been the
location of an excellent supply of
water by the men who have been
sinking a well for the last month
or so. A heavy flow was encount
ered at a depth of about 350 feet.
A pump has been installed and the
flow tested by continuous pumping
for the last two days. There ap
pears to be no diminution in the
flow. A good supply of fresh water
is now assured for the tank and
shower-bath. A second well is be
ing sunk close to the first one in
order that a plentiful supply shall
always be at hand.
Work on the new Gymnasium in
all departments has been progress
ing steadily during the holidays.
Perhaps the most important de
velopment in the work has been the
location of an excellent supply of
water by the men who have been
sinking a well for the last month
or so. A heavy flow was encount
ered at a depth of about 350 feet.
A pump has been installed and the
flow tested by continuous pumping
for the last two days. There ap
pears to be no diminution in the
flow. A good supply of fresh water
is now assured for the tank and
shower-bath. A second well is be
ing sunk close to the first one in
order that a plentiful supply shall
always be at hand.
