# Adv. 5 Page 3
## 
### 
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
<3J Shampooing, s()c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
STRS. DIFANI
834 Kipling Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channlng
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
<3J Shampooing, s()c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
STRS. DIFANI
834 Kipling Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channlng
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
<3J Shampooing, s()c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
STRS. DIFANI
834 Kipling Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channlng
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
<3J Shampooing, s()c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
STRS. DIFANI
834 Kipling Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channlng
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
<3J Shampooing, s()c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
STRS. DIFANI
834 Kipling Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channlng
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
<3J Shampooing, s()c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
STRS. DIFANI
834 Kipling Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channlng
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
<3J Shampooing, s()c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
STRS. DIFANI
834 Kipling Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channlng
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
<3J Shampooing, s()c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
STRS. DIFANI
834 Kipling Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channlng
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
<3J Shampooing, s()c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
STRS. DIFANI
834 Kipling Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channlng
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
<3J Shampooing, s()c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
STRS. DIFANI
834 Kipling Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channlng
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
<3J Shampooing, s()c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
STRS. DIFANI
834 Kipling Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channlng
SHAMPOOING
Treatment for Falling Hair, Dand
ruff and Scalp Trouble. Facial
Massage.
<3J Shampooing, s()c. Electric
treatments. Toilet Articles
COLONIAL INSTITUTE
OF HAIR CULTURE
STRS. DIFANI
834 Kipling Street
Phone 271X. Bet. Homer & Channlng
