# EXAMINATION PERIOD SET---DECEMBER 14-20
## SCHEDULES MAY BE OBTAINED IN THE MORNING. All Former Rules and Conditions Remain the Same For This Year's Tests. 
### 
Final examinations for the semester
will lie held during the period from
the fourteenth to the twentieth of the
month. As usual, they start on Thurs
day and finish on the following Wed
nesday.
All rules governing the tests are
the same as usual, the regular ex
amination period being four hours,
excepting in certain one and two-hour
courses where the period is two hours.
Thursday, December 14—8:15-10:15:
Tuesday, Thursday, 10:15 classes:
Tuesday, 10:15 classes; Thursday,
10:15 classes. 10:15-12:15: Saturday,
8:30 classes; Saturday, 9:15 classes;
Saturday, 9:00 classes. 2:00-4:00:
Monday, Wednesday, Friday, 2:30
classes; Monday, Wednesday, 2:30
classes; Monday, 2:30 classes; Friday,
2:30 classes; Monday, Tuesday, Wed
nesday, afternoon Lab. courses; Tues
day, afternoon Lab. courses; Thurs
day. afternoon Lab. courses; Tuesday,
Thursday, afternoon Lab courses.
Friday, December 15—8:15-10:15:
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs
day, 9:15 classes; Monday, Wednesday,
Friday, 9:15 classes: Monday, Wednes
day, 9:15 classes; Monday, Friday, 9:15
classes; Wednesday,Friday,9:ls class
es; Monday,9:ls classes. Wednesday,9:
15 classes; Friday,9:ls classes. 2:00-
4:00: Wednesday, Thursday, Friday,
afternoon Lab. courses; Thursday, Fri
day, afternoon Lab. courses; Wednes
day, afternoon Lab. courses; Wednes
day, Thursday, afternoon Lab. courses;
Wednesday, Friday, afternoon Lab.
courses, Monday, Tuesday, Wednes
day, Thursday, afternoon Lab. courses.
Saturday, December 16 —8:15-10:15:
Tuesday, Thursday, S:l5 classes; Tues
day, 8:15 classes; Thursday, 8:15
classes; Monday, Wednesday, Friday,
forenoon Lab. courses; Tuesday, fore
noon Lab. courses. 10:15-12:15: Tue
sday, Thursday, 2:30 classes; Tuesday,
2:30 classes; Thursday, 2:30 classes;
Monday, Tue3day, Thursday, 2:30
classes. 2:00-4:00: Monday, Tuesday,
Wednesday. 1:30 classes; Monday,
Wednesday, Friday, 1:30 classes; Mon
day, 1:30 classes; Monday, Wednes
day, 1:30 classes; Wednesday, 1:30
classes; Friday, 1:30 classes; Monday,
Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Fri
day, afternoon Lab. courses; Tuesday,
Wednesday, Thursday, afternoon Lab.
courses; Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs
day, Friday, afternoon Lab. courses.
Monday, December 18 —8:15-10:15:
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs
day, Friday, 8:15 classes; Monday,
Wednesday, Friday, 8:15 classes;
Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, 8:15
classes; Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs
day, Friday. 8:15 classes; Monday,
Friday, 8:15 classes; Monday, 8:15
classes; Wednesday, 8:15 classes,
Fri'lay, 8:15 classes; Friday, Satur
day, forenoon Lab. courses; Tuesday,
Wednesday, forenoon Lab. courses;
Monday, Tuesday, forenoon Lab.
courses: Monday, Tuesday, Wednes
