# Campus Car Strikes Professor Green.
## 
### 
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics department, was struck and
painfully cut and bruised by the cam
pus electric car on Friday morning,
at the boulevard switch. Professor
Green was awaiting the San Jose car
at the time, and did not notice the
approach of the Palo Alto bound car.
He was cut severely about the face,
and received numerous bruises.
Professor Green hopes to meet his
classes on Tuesday.
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics department, was struck and
painfully cut and bruised by the cam
pus electric car on Friday morning,
at the boulevard switch. Professor
Green was awaiting the San Jose car
at the time, and did not notice the
approach of the Palo Alto bound car.
He was cut severely about the face,
and received numerous bruises.
Professor Green hopes to meet his
classes on Tuesday.
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics department, was struck and
painfully cut and bruised by the cam
pus electric car on Friday morning,
at the boulevard switch. Professor
Green was awaiting the San Jose car
at the time, and did not notice the
approach of the Palo Alto bound car.
He was cut severely about the face,
and received numerous bruises.
Professor Green hopes to meet his
classes on Tuesday.
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics department, was struck and
painfully cut and bruised by the cam
pus electric car on Friday morning,
at the boulevard switch. Professor
Green was awaiting the San Jose car
at the time, and did not notice the
approach of the Palo Alto bound car.
He was cut severely about the face,
and received numerous bruises.
Professor Green hopes to meet his
classes on Tuesday.
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics department, was struck and
painfully cut and bruised by the cam
pus electric car on Friday morning,
at the boulevard switch. Professor
Green was awaiting the San Jose car
at the time, and did not notice the
approach of the Palo Alto bound car.
He was cut severely about the face,
and received numerous bruises.
Professor Green hopes to meet his
classes on Tuesday.
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics department, was struck and
painfully cut and bruised by the cam
pus electric car on Friday morning,
at the boulevard switch. Professor
Green was awaiting the San Jose car
at the time, and did not notice the
approach of the Palo Alto bound car.
He was cut severely about the face,
and received numerous bruises.
Professor Green hopes to meet his
classes on Tuesday.
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics department, was struck and
painfully cut and bruised by the cam
pus electric car on Friday morning,
at the boulevard switch. Professor
Green was awaiting the San Jose car
at the time, and did not notice the
approach of the Palo Alto bound car.
He was cut severely about the face,
and received numerous bruises.
Professor Green hopes to meet his
classes on Tuesday.
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics department, was struck and
painfully cut and bruised by the cam
pus electric car on Friday morning,
at the boulevard switch. Professor
Green was awaiting the San Jose car
at the time, and did not notice the
approach of the Palo Alto bound car.
He was cut severely about the face,
and received numerous bruises.
Professor Green hopes to meet his
classes on Tuesday.
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics department, was struck and
painfully cut and bruised by the cam
pus electric car on Friday morning,
at the boulevard switch. Professor
Green was awaiting the San Jose car
at the time, and did not notice the
approach of the Palo Alto bound car.
He was cut severely about the face,
and received numerous bruises.
Professor Green hopes to meet his
classes on Tuesday.
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics department, was struck and
painfully cut and bruised by the cam
pus electric car on Friday morning,
at the boulevard switch. Professor
Green was awaiting the San Jose car
at the time, and did not notice the
approach of the Palo Alto bound car.
He was cut severely about the face,
and received numerous bruises.
Professor Green hopes to meet his
classes on Tuesday.
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics department, was struck and
painfully cut and bruised by the cam
pus electric car on Friday morning,
at the boulevard switch. Professor
Green was awaiting the San Jose car
at the time, and did not notice the
approach of the Palo Alto bound car.
He was cut severely about the face,
and received numerous bruises.
Professor Green hopes to meet his
classes on Tuesday.
Professor R. L. Green, of the Mathe
matics department, was struck and
painfully cut and bruised by the cam
pus electric car on Friday morning,
at the boulevard switch. Professor
Green was awaiting the San Jose car
at the time, and did not notice the
approach of the Palo Alto bound car.
He was cut severely about the face,
and received numerous bruises.
Professor Green hopes to meet his
classes on Tuesday.
