# University Philological Association.
## 
### 
The regular monthly meeting of
the University Philological Asso
ciation was held today. Professor
Julius Goebel, head of the German
department, read a paper on the
"Alchemy in Goethe's Faust." Dr.
11. It. Fairclough of the Latin de
partment read a paper on "Tro
chaic Septenarii in Terence," and
"Notes on Theocritus, Idyll 2,
82." The meeting was fairly well
attended.
The regular monthly meeting of
the University Philological Asso
ciation was held today. Professor
Julius Goebel, head of the German
department, read a paper on the
"Alchemy in Goethe's Faust." Dr.
11. It. Fairclough of the Latin de
partment read a paper on "Tro
chaic Septenarii in Terence," and
"Notes on Theocritus, Idyll 2,
82." The meeting was fairly well
attended.
The regular monthly meeting of
the University Philological Asso
ciation was held today. Professor
Julius Goebel, head of the German
department, read a paper on the
"Alchemy in Goethe's Faust." Dr.
11. It. Fairclough of the Latin de
partment read a paper on "Tro
chaic Septenarii in Terence," and
"Notes on Theocritus, Idyll 2,
82." The meeting was fairly well
attended.
The regular monthly meeting of
the University Philological Asso
ciation was held today. Professor
Julius Goebel, head of the German
department, read a paper on the
"Alchemy in Goethe's Faust." Dr.
11. It. Fairclough of the Latin de
partment read a paper on "Tro
chaic Septenarii in Terence," and
"Notes on Theocritus, Idyll 2,
82." The meeting was fairly well
attended.
The regular monthly meeting of
the University Philological Asso
ciation was held today. Professor
Julius Goebel, head of the German
department, read a paper on the
"Alchemy in Goethe's Faust." Dr.
11. It. Fairclough of the Latin de
partment read a paper on "Tro
chaic Septenarii in Terence," and
"Notes on Theocritus, Idyll 2,
82." The meeting was fairly well
attended.
The regular monthly meeting of
the University Philological Asso
ciation was held today. Professor
Julius Goebel, head of the German
department, read a paper on the
"Alchemy in Goethe's Faust." Dr.
11. It. Fairclough of the Latin de
partment read a paper on "Tro
chaic Septenarii in Terence," and
"Notes on Theocritus, Idyll 2,
82." The meeting was fairly well
attended.
The regular monthly meeting of
the University Philological Asso
ciation was held today. Professor
Julius Goebel, head of the German
department, read a paper on the
"Alchemy in Goethe's Faust." Dr.
11. It. Fairclough of the Latin de
partment read a paper on "Tro
chaic Septenarii in Terence," and
"Notes on Theocritus, Idyll 2,
82." The meeting was fairly well
attended.
The regular monthly meeting of
the University Philological Asso
ciation was held today. Professor
Julius Goebel, head of the German
department, read a paper on the
"Alchemy in Goethe's Faust." Dr.
11. It. Fairclough of the Latin de
partment read a paper on "Tro
chaic Septenarii in Terence," and
"Notes on Theocritus, Idyll 2,
82." The meeting was fairly well
attended.
