# Matron for Roble.
## 
### 
Mrs. Eliza S. Baker, mother of
Shirley Baker, '95, will act as
matron of Roble Hall for the next
month. No permanent matron has
been chosen.
Mrs. Eliza S. Baker, mother of
Shirley Baker, '95, will act as
matron of Roble Hall for the next
month. No permanent matron has
been chosen.
Mrs. Eliza S. Baker, mother of
Shirley Baker, '95, will act as
matron of Roble Hall for the next
month. No permanent matron has
been chosen.
Mrs. Eliza S. Baker, mother of
Shirley Baker, '95, will act as
matron of Roble Hall for the next
month. No permanent matron has
been chosen.
Mrs. Eliza S. Baker, mother of
Shirley Baker, '95, will act as
matron of Roble Hall for the next
month. No permanent matron has
been chosen.
Mrs. Eliza S. Baker, mother of
Shirley Baker, '95, will act as
matron of Roble Hall for the next
month. No permanent matron has
been chosen.
Mrs. Eliza S. Baker, mother of
Shirley Baker, '95, will act as
matron of Roble Hall for the next
month. No permanent matron has
been chosen.
Mrs. Eliza S. Baker, mother of
Shirley Baker, '95, will act as
matron of Roble Hall for the next
month. No permanent matron has
been chosen.
