# G.O.P. Keynoter
## 
### 

GOVERNOR Harold E. Stassen of
Minnesota, who has been elected
keynoter for the Republican Na
tional Convention. The 33-year
old executive, who swept Farmcr-
Laboritc rule from his state, is
considered an able speaker.

GOVERNOR Harold E. Stassen of
Minnesota, who has been elected
keynoter for the Republican Na
tional Convention. The 33-year
old executive, who swept Farmcr-
Laboritc rule from his state, is
considered an able speaker.

GOVERNOR Harold E. Stassen of
Minnesota, who has been elected
keynoter for the Republican Na
tional Convention. The 33-year
old executive, who swept Farmcr-
Laboritc rule from his state, is
considered an able speaker.

GOVERNOR Harold E. Stassen of
Minnesota, who has been elected
keynoter for the Republican Na
tional Convention. The 33-year
old executive, who swept Farmcr-
Laboritc rule from his state, is
considered an able speaker.

GOVERNOR Harold E. Stassen of
Minnesota, who has been elected
keynoter for the Republican Na
tional Convention. The 33-year
old executive, who swept Farmcr-
Laboritc rule from his state, is
considered an able speaker.

GOVERNOR Harold E. Stassen of
Minnesota, who has been elected
keynoter for the Republican Na
tional Convention. The 33-year
old executive, who swept Farmcr-
Laboritc rule from his state, is
considered an able speaker.

GOVERNOR Harold E. Stassen of
Minnesota, who has been elected
keynoter for the Republican Na
tional Convention. The 33-year
old executive, who swept Farmcr-
Laboritc rule from his state, is
considered an able speaker.

GOVERNOR Harold E. Stassen of
Minnesota, who has been elected
keynoter for the Republican Na
tional Convention. The 33-year
old executive, who swept Farmcr-
Laboritc rule from his state, is
considered an able speaker.

GOVERNOR Harold E. Stassen of
Minnesota, who has been elected
keynoter for the Republican Na
tional Convention. The 33-year
old executive, who swept Farmcr-
Laboritc rule from his state, is
considered an able speaker.

GOVERNOR Harold E. Stassen of
Minnesota, who has been elected
keynoter for the Republican Na
tional Convention. The 33-year
old executive, who swept Farmcr-
Laboritc rule from his state, is
considered an able speaker.

GOVERNOR Harold E. Stassen of
Minnesota, who has been elected
keynoter for the Republican Na
tional Convention. The 33-year
old executive, who swept Farmcr-
Laboritc rule from his state, is
considered an able speaker.

GOVERNOR Harold E. Stassen of
Minnesota, who has been elected
keynoter for the Republican Na
tional Convention. The 33-year
old executive, who swept Farmcr-
Laboritc rule from his state, is
considered an able speaker.

GOVERNOR Harold E. Stassen of
Minnesota, who has been elected
keynoter for the Republican Na
tional Convention. The 33-year
old executive, who swept Farmcr-
Laboritc rule from his state, is
considered an able speaker.

GOVERNOR Harold E. Stassen of
Minnesota, who has been elected
keynoter for the Republican Na
tional Convention. The 33-year
old executive, who swept Farmcr-
Laboritc rule from his state, is
considered an able speaker.

GOVERNOR Harold E. Stassen of
Minnesota, who has been elected
keynoter for the Republican Na
tional Convention. The 33-year
old executive, who swept Farmcr-
Laboritc rule from his state, is
considered an able speaker.

GOVERNOR Harold E. Stassen of
Minnesota, who has been elected
keynoter for the Republican Na
tional Convention. The 33-year
old executive, who swept Farmcr-
Laboritc rule from his state, is
considered an able speaker.

GOVERNOR Harold E. Stassen of
Minnesota, who has been elected
keynoter for the Republican Na
tional Convention. The 33-year
old executive, who swept Farmcr-
Laboritc rule from his state, is
considered an able speaker.
