# Swimmers Relax After 'Y' Victory
## 
### 
Stanford's varsity swimming team
will be inactive this coming week
end. Following their victory over
the Golden Gate Sea Horses of San
Francisco Y.M.C.A., the Indians will
have two weeks before meeting San
Jose State on February 21.
Stanford snapped a three-week
victory string when they defeated
the heretofore unbeaten "Y" team.
The Sea Horses had predicted a vic
tory over the Indians and were ex
pecting an undefeated season cli
maxed by the National Y.M.C.A.
championships.
The Indians will hold an informal
meet Thursday instead of meeting
outside competition. Most of the
events no the regular program will
be held in order to keep the squad
in good shape.
Stanford's varsity swimming team
will be inactive this coming week
end. Following their victory over
the Golden Gate Sea Horses of San
Francisco Y.M.C.A., the Indians will
have two weeks before meeting San
Jose State on February 21.
Stanford snapped a three-week
victory string when they defeated
the heretofore unbeaten "Y" team.
The Sea Horses had predicted a vic
tory over the Indians and were ex
pecting an undefeated season cli
maxed by the National Y.M.C.A.
championships.
The Indians will hold an informal
meet Thursday instead of meeting
outside competition. Most of the
events no the regular program will
be held in order to keep the squad
in good shape.
Stanford's varsity swimming team
will be inactive this coming week
end. Following their victory over
the Golden Gate Sea Horses of San
Francisco Y.M.C.A., the Indians will
have two weeks before meeting San
Jose State on February 21.
Stanford snapped a three-week
victory string when they defeated
the heretofore unbeaten "Y" team.
The Sea Horses had predicted a vic
tory over the Indians and were ex
pecting an undefeated season cli
maxed by the National Y.M.C.A.
championships.
The Indians will hold an informal
meet Thursday instead of meeting
outside competition. Most of the
events no the regular program will
be held in order to keep the squad
in good shape.
Stanford's varsity swimming team
will be inactive this coming week
end. Following their victory over
the Golden Gate Sea Horses of San
Francisco Y.M.C.A., the Indians will
have two weeks before meeting San
Jose State on February 21.
Stanford snapped a three-week
victory string when they defeated
the heretofore unbeaten "Y" team.
The Sea Horses had predicted a vic
tory over the Indians and were ex
pecting an undefeated season cli
maxed by the National Y.M.C.A.
championships.
The Indians will hold an informal
meet Thursday instead of meeting
outside competition. Most of the
events no the regular program will
be held in order to keep the squad
in good shape.
Stanford's varsity swimming team
will be inactive this coming week
end. Following their victory over
the Golden Gate Sea Horses of San
Francisco Y.M.C.A., the Indians will
have two weeks before meeting San
Jose State on February 21.
Stanford snapped a three-week
victory string when they defeated
the heretofore unbeaten "Y" team.
The Sea Horses had predicted a vic
tory over the Indians and were ex
pecting an undefeated season cli
maxed by the National Y.M.C.A.
championships.
The Indians will hold an informal
meet Thursday instead of meeting
outside competition. Most of the
events no the regular program will
be held in order to keep the squad
in good shape.
Stanford's varsity swimming team
will be inactive this coming week
end. Following their victory over
the Golden Gate Sea Horses of San
Francisco Y.M.C.A., the Indians will
have two weeks before meeting San
Jose State on February 21.
Stanford snapped a three-week
victory string when they defeated
the heretofore unbeaten "Y" team.
The Sea Horses had predicted a vic
tory over the Indians and were ex
pecting an undefeated season cli
maxed by the National Y.M.C.A.
championships.
The Indians will hold an informal
meet Thursday instead of meeting
outside competition. Most of the
events no the regular program will
be held in order to keep the squad
in good shape.
Stanford's varsity swimming team
will be inactive this coming week
end. Following their victory over
the Golden Gate Sea Horses of San
Francisco Y.M.C.A., the Indians will
have two weeks before meeting San
Jose State on February 21.
Stanford snapped a three-week
victory string when they defeated
the heretofore unbeaten "Y" team.
The Sea Horses had predicted a vic
tory over the Indians and were ex
pecting an undefeated season cli
maxed by the National Y.M.C.A.
championships.
The Indians will hold an informal
meet Thursday instead of meeting
outside competition. Most of the
events no the regular program will
be held in order to keep the squad
in good shape.
Stanford's varsity swimming team
will be inactive this coming week
end. Following their victory over
the Golden Gate Sea Horses of San
Francisco Y.M.C.A., the Indians will
have two weeks before meeting San
Jose State on February 21.
Stanford snapped a three-week
victory string when they defeated
the heretofore unbeaten "Y" team.
The Sea Horses had predicted a vic
tory over the Indians and were ex
pecting an undefeated season cli
maxed by the National Y.M.C.A.
championships.
The Indians will hold an informal
meet Thursday instead of meeting
outside competition. Most of the
events no the regular program will
be held in order to keep the squad
in good shape.
Stanford's varsity swimming team
will be inactive this coming week
end. Following their victory over
the Golden Gate Sea Horses of San
Francisco Y.M.C.A., the Indians will
have two weeks before meeting San
Jose State on February 21.
Stanford snapped a three-week
victory string when they defeated
the heretofore unbeaten "Y" team.
The Sea Horses had predicted a vic
tory over the Indians and were ex
pecting an undefeated season cli
maxed by the National Y.M.C.A.
championships.
The Indians will hold an informal
meet Thursday instead of meeting
outside competition. Most of the
events no the regular program will
be held in order to keep the squad
in good shape.
Stanford's varsity swimming team
will be inactive this coming week
end. Following their victory over
the Golden Gate Sea Horses of San
Francisco Y.M.C.A., the Indians will
have two weeks before meeting San
Jose State on February 21.
Stanford snapped a three-week
victory string when they defeated
the heretofore unbeaten "Y" team.
The Sea Horses had predicted a vic
tory over the Indians and were ex
pecting an undefeated season cli
maxed by the National Y.M.C.A.
championships.
The Indians will hold an informal
meet Thursday instead of meeting
outside competition. Most of the
events no the regular program will
be held in order to keep the squad
in good shape.
Stanford's varsity swimming team
will be inactive this coming week
end. Following their victory over
the Golden Gate Sea Horses of San
Francisco Y.M.C.A., the Indians will
have two weeks before meeting San
Jose State on February 21.
Stanford snapped a three-week
victory string when they defeated
the heretofore unbeaten "Y" team.
The Sea Horses had predicted a vic
tory over the Indians and were ex
pecting an undefeated season cli
maxed by the National Y.M.C.A.
championships.
The Indians will hold an informal
meet Thursday instead of meeting
outside competition. Most of the
events no the regular program will
be held in order to keep the squad
in good shape.
Stanford's varsity swimming team
will be inactive this coming week
end. Following their victory over
the Golden Gate Sea Horses of San
Francisco Y.M.C.A., the Indians will
have two weeks before meeting San
Jose State on February 21.
Stanford snapped a three-week
victory string when they defeated
the heretofore unbeaten "Y" team.
The Sea Horses had predicted a vic
tory over the Indians and were ex
pecting an undefeated season cli
maxed by the National Y.M.C.A.
championships.
The Indians will hold an informal
meet Thursday instead of meeting
outside competition. Most of the
events no the regular program will
be held in order to keep the squad
in good shape.
Stanford's varsity swimming team
will be inactive this coming week
end. Following their victory over
the Golden Gate Sea Horses of San
Francisco Y.M.C.A., the Indians will
have two weeks before meeting San
Jose State on February 21.
Stanford snapped a three-week
victory string when they defeated
the heretofore unbeaten "Y" team.
The Sea Horses had predicted a vic
tory over the Indians and were ex
pecting an undefeated season cli
maxed by the National Y.M.C.A.
championships.
The Indians will hold an informal
meet Thursday instead of meeting
outside competition. Most of the
events no the regular program will
be held in order to keep the squad
in good shape.
Stanford's varsity swimming team
will be inactive this coming week
end. Following their victory over
the Golden Gate Sea Horses of San
Francisco Y.M.C.A., the Indians will
have two weeks before meeting San
Jose State on February 21.
Stanford snapped a three-week
victory string when they defeated
the heretofore unbeaten "Y" team.
The Sea Horses had predicted a vic
tory over the Indians and were ex
pecting an undefeated season cli
maxed by the National Y.M.C.A.
championships.
The Indians will hold an informal
meet Thursday instead of meeting
outside competition. Most of the
events no the regular program will
be held in order to keep the squad
in good shape.
Stanford's varsity swimming team
will be inactive this coming week
end. Following their victory over
the Golden Gate Sea Horses of San
Francisco Y.M.C.A., the Indians will
have two weeks before meeting San
Jose State on February 21.
Stanford snapped a three-week
victory string when they defeated
the heretofore unbeaten "Y" team.
The Sea Horses had predicted a vic
tory over the Indians and were ex
pecting an undefeated season cli
maxed by the National Y.M.C.A.
championships.
The Indians will hold an informal
meet Thursday instead of meeting
outside competition. Most of the
events no the regular program will
be held in order to keep the squad
in good shape.
Stanford's varsity swimming team
will be inactive this coming week
end. Following their victory over
the Golden Gate Sea Horses of San
Francisco Y.M.C.A., the Indians will
have two weeks before meeting San
Jose State on February 21.
Stanford snapped a three-week
victory string when they defeated
the heretofore unbeaten "Y" team.
The Sea Horses had predicted a vic
tory over the Indians and were ex
pecting an undefeated season cli
maxed by the National Y.M.C.A.
championships.
The Indians will hold an informal
meet Thursday instead of meeting
outside competition. Most of the
events no the regular program will
be held in order to keep the squad
in good shape.
Stanford's varsity swimming team
will be inactive this coming week
end. Following their victory over
the Golden Gate Sea Horses of San
Francisco Y.M.C.A., the Indians will
have two weeks before meeting San
Jose State on February 21.
Stanford snapped a three-week
victory string when they defeated
the heretofore unbeaten "Y" team.
The Sea Horses had predicted a vic
tory over the Indians and were ex
pecting an undefeated season cli
maxed by the National Y.M.C.A.
championships.
The Indians will hold an informal
meet Thursday instead of meeting
outside competition. Most of the
events no the regular program will
be held in order to keep the squad
in good shape.
Stanford's varsity swimming team
will be inactive this coming week
end. Following their victory over
the Golden Gate Sea Horses of San
Francisco Y.M.C.A., the Indians will
have two weeks before meeting San
Jose State on February 21.
Stanford snapped a three-week
victory string when they defeated
the heretofore unbeaten "Y" team.
The Sea Horses had predicted a vic
tory over the Indians and were ex
pecting an undefeated season cli
maxed by the National Y.M.C.A.
championships.
The Indians will hold an informal
meet Thursday instead of meeting
outside competition. Most of the
events no the regular program will
be held in order to keep the squad
in good shape.
