# kidnapper prosecuted
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Raymond Parker, self-styled Chero
kee Indian, must stand trial on
state charges of kidnapping before
the federal government prosecutes
him on charges attempting to extort
810,000 from the Countess Marc de
Tristan of Hillsborough, it was an
nounced today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Raymond Parker, self-styled Chero
kee Indian, must stand trial on
state charges of kidnapping before
the federal government prosecutes
him on charges attempting to extort
810,000 from the Countess Marc de
Tristan of Hillsborough, it was an
nounced today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Raymond Parker, self-styled Chero
kee Indian, must stand trial on
state charges of kidnapping before
the federal government prosecutes
him on charges attempting to extort
810,000 from the Countess Marc de
Tristan of Hillsborough, it was an
nounced today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Raymond Parker, self-styled Chero
kee Indian, must stand trial on
state charges of kidnapping before
the federal government prosecutes
him on charges attempting to extort
810,000 from the Countess Marc de
Tristan of Hillsborough, it was an
nounced today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Raymond Parker, self-styled Chero
kee Indian, must stand trial on
state charges of kidnapping before
the federal government prosecutes
him on charges attempting to extort
810,000 from the Countess Marc de
Tristan of Hillsborough, it was an
nounced today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Raymond Parker, self-styled Chero
kee Indian, must stand trial on
state charges of kidnapping before
the federal government prosecutes
him on charges attempting to extort
810,000 from the Countess Marc de
Tristan of Hillsborough, it was an
nounced today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Raymond Parker, self-styled Chero
kee Indian, must stand trial on
state charges of kidnapping before
the federal government prosecutes
him on charges attempting to extort
810,000 from the Countess Marc de
Tristan of Hillsborough, it was an
nounced today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Raymond Parker, self-styled Chero
kee Indian, must stand trial on
state charges of kidnapping before
the federal government prosecutes
him on charges attempting to extort
810,000 from the Countess Marc de
Tristan of Hillsborough, it was an
nounced today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Raymond Parker, self-styled Chero
kee Indian, must stand trial on
state charges of kidnapping before
the federal government prosecutes
him on charges attempting to extort
810,000 from the Countess Marc de
Tristan of Hillsborough, it was an
nounced today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Raymond Parker, self-styled Chero
kee Indian, must stand trial on
state charges of kidnapping before
the federal government prosecutes
him on charges attempting to extort
810,000 from the Countess Marc de
Tristan of Hillsborough, it was an
nounced today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Raymond Parker, self-styled Chero
kee Indian, must stand trial on
state charges of kidnapping before
the federal government prosecutes
him on charges attempting to extort
810,000 from the Countess Marc de
Tristan of Hillsborough, it was an
nounced today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Raymond Parker, self-styled Chero
kee Indian, must stand trial on
state charges of kidnapping before
the federal government prosecutes
him on charges attempting to extort
810,000 from the Countess Marc de
Tristan of Hillsborough, it was an
nounced today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Raymond Parker, self-styled Chero
kee Indian, must stand trial on
state charges of kidnapping before
the federal government prosecutes
him on charges attempting to extort
810,000 from the Countess Marc de
Tristan of Hillsborough, it was an
nounced today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Raymond Parker, self-styled Chero
kee Indian, must stand trial on
state charges of kidnapping before
the federal government prosecutes
him on charges attempting to extort
810,000 from the Countess Marc de
Tristan of Hillsborough, it was an
nounced today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Raymond Parker, self-styled Chero
kee Indian, must stand trial on
state charges of kidnapping before
the federal government prosecutes
him on charges attempting to extort
810,000 from the Countess Marc de
Tristan of Hillsborough, it was an
nounced today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Raymond Parker, self-styled Chero
kee Indian, must stand trial on
state charges of kidnapping before
the federal government prosecutes
him on charges attempting to extort
810,000 from the Countess Marc de
Tristan of Hillsborough, it was an
nounced today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Raymond Parker, self-styled Chero
kee Indian, must stand trial on
state charges of kidnapping before
the federal government prosecutes
him on charges attempting to extort
810,000 from the Countess Marc de
Tristan of Hillsborough, it was an
nounced today.
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 10 (UP).—
Raymond Parker, self-styled Chero
kee Indian, must stand trial on
state charges of kidnapping before
the federal government prosecutes
him on charges attempting to extort
810,000 from the Countess Marc de
Tristan of Hillsborough, it was an
nounced today.
