# CANADA ADDS TO ARMY
## 
### 
OTTAWA, Feb. 10 (UP). —Reserve
battalions of the Canadian army
which have not yet furnished units
for overseas service today were ad
vised to place themselves on a mo
bilization basis.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (UP).—A
charge by Senator Burton K. Whee
ler, Democrat, Montana, isola
tionist leader, thai the army has
made arrangements to buy 1,500,000
coffins, was denied today by the War
Department.
OTTAWA, Feb. 10 (UP). —Reserve
battalions of the Canadian army
which have not yet furnished units
for overseas service today were ad
vised to place themselves on a mo
bilization basis.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (UP).—A
charge by Senator Burton K. Whee
ler, Democrat, Montana, isola
tionist leader, thai the army has
made arrangements to buy 1,500,000
coffins, was denied today by the War
Department.
OTTAWA, Feb. 10 (UP). —Reserve
battalions of the Canadian army
which have not yet furnished units
for overseas service today were ad
vised to place themselves on a mo
bilization basis.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (UP).—A
charge by Senator Burton K. Whee
ler, Democrat, Montana, isola
tionist leader, thai the army has
made arrangements to buy 1,500,000
coffins, was denied today by the War
Department.
OTTAWA, Feb. 10 (UP). —Reserve
battalions of the Canadian army
which have not yet furnished units
for overseas service today were ad
vised to place themselves on a mo
bilization basis.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (UP).—A
charge by Senator Burton K. Whee
ler, Democrat, Montana, isola
tionist leader, thai the army has
made arrangements to buy 1,500,000
coffins, was denied today by the War
Department.
OTTAWA, Feb. 10 (UP). —Reserve
battalions of the Canadian army
which have not yet furnished units
for overseas service today were ad
vised to place themselves on a mo
bilization basis.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (UP).—A
charge by Senator Burton K. Whee
ler, Democrat, Montana, isola
tionist leader, thai the army has
made arrangements to buy 1,500,000
coffins, was denied today by the War
Department.
OTTAWA, Feb. 10 (UP). —Reserve
battalions of the Canadian army
which have not yet furnished units
for overseas service today were ad
vised to place themselves on a mo
bilization basis.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (UP).—A
charge by Senator Burton K. Whee
ler, Democrat, Montana, isola
tionist leader, thai the army has
made arrangements to buy 1,500,000
coffins, was denied today by the War
Department.
OTTAWA, Feb. 10 (UP). —Reserve
battalions of the Canadian army
which have not yet furnished units
for overseas service today were ad
vised to place themselves on a mo
bilization basis.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (UP).—A
charge by Senator Burton K. Whee
ler, Democrat, Montana, isola
tionist leader, thai the army has
made arrangements to buy 1,500,000
coffins, was denied today by the War
Department.
OTTAWA, Feb. 10 (UP). —Reserve
battalions of the Canadian army
which have not yet furnished units
for overseas service today were ad
vised to place themselves on a mo
bilization basis.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (UP).—A
charge by Senator Burton K. Whee
ler, Democrat, Montana, isola
tionist leader, thai the army has
made arrangements to buy 1,500,000
coffins, was denied today by the War
Department.
OTTAWA, Feb. 10 (UP). —Reserve
battalions of the Canadian army
which have not yet furnished units
for overseas service today were ad
vised to place themselves on a mo
bilization basis.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (UP).—A
charge by Senator Burton K. Whee
ler, Democrat, Montana, isola
tionist leader, thai the army has
made arrangements to buy 1,500,000
coffins, was denied today by the War
Department.
OTTAWA, Feb. 10 (UP). —Reserve
battalions of the Canadian army
which have not yet furnished units
for overseas service today were ad
vised to place themselves on a mo
bilization basis.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (UP).—A
charge by Senator Burton K. Whee
ler, Democrat, Montana, isola
tionist leader, thai the army has
made arrangements to buy 1,500,000
coffins, was denied today by the War
Department.
OTTAWA, Feb. 10 (UP). —Reserve
battalions of the Canadian army
which have not yet furnished units
for overseas service today were ad
vised to place themselves on a mo
bilization basis.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (UP).—A
charge by Senator Burton K. Whee
ler, Democrat, Montana, isola
tionist leader, thai the army has
made arrangements to buy 1,500,000
coffins, was denied today by the War
Department.
OTTAWA, Feb. 10 (UP). —Reserve
battalions of the Canadian army
which have not yet furnished units
for overseas service today were ad
vised to place themselves on a mo
bilization basis.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (UP).—A
charge by Senator Burton K. Whee
ler, Democrat, Montana, isola
tionist leader, thai the army has
made arrangements to buy 1,500,000
coffins, was denied today by the War
Department.
OTTAWA, Feb. 10 (UP). —Reserve
battalions of the Canadian army
which have not yet furnished units
for overseas service today were ad
vised to place themselves on a mo
bilization basis.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (UP).—A
charge by Senator Burton K. Whee
ler, Democrat, Montana, isola
tionist leader, thai the army has
made arrangements to buy 1,500,000
coffins, was denied today by the War
Department.
OTTAWA, Feb. 10 (UP). —Reserve
battalions of the Canadian army
which have not yet furnished units
for overseas service today were ad
vised to place themselves on a mo
bilization basis.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (UP).—A
charge by Senator Burton K. Whee
ler, Democrat, Montana, isola
tionist leader, thai the army has
made arrangements to buy 1,500,000
coffins, was denied today by the War
Department.
OTTAWA, Feb. 10 (UP). —Reserve
battalions of the Canadian army
which have not yet furnished units
for overseas service today were ad
vised to place themselves on a mo
bilization basis.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (UP).—A
charge by Senator Burton K. Whee
ler, Democrat, Montana, isola
tionist leader, thai the army has
made arrangements to buy 1,500,000
coffins, was denied today by the War
Department.
OTTAWA, Feb. 10 (UP). —Reserve
battalions of the Canadian army
which have not yet furnished units
for overseas service today were ad
vised to place themselves on a mo
bilization basis.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (UP).—A
charge by Senator Burton K. Whee
ler, Democrat, Montana, isola
tionist leader, thai the army has
made arrangements to buy 1,500,000
coffins, was denied today by the War
Department.
OTTAWA, Feb. 10 (UP). —Reserve
battalions of the Canadian army
which have not yet furnished units
for overseas service today were ad
vised to place themselves on a mo
bilization basis.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (UP).—A
charge by Senator Burton K. Whee
ler, Democrat, Montana, isola
tionist leader, thai the army has
made arrangements to buy 1,500,000
coffins, was denied today by the War
Department.
OTTAWA, Feb. 10 (UP). —Reserve
battalions of the Canadian army
which have not yet furnished units
for overseas service today were ad
vised to place themselves on a mo
bilization basis.

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10 (UP).—A
charge by Senator Burton K. Whee
ler, Democrat, Montana, isola
tionist leader, thai the army has
made arrangements to buy 1,500,000
coffins, was denied today by the War
Department.
