# Service to Honor Sam McDonald
## 
### 
A memorial .service for Sam
McDonald, one of Stanford's
closest friends and best - loved
personalities', who died Monday
of a heart ailment after a half
century of service to the Uni
versity, will he held today at
4 p.m. in Memorial Church.
Private funeral services and
cremation were conducted yes
terday.
Dr. J. Pearce Mitchell, emeri
tus registrar and professor of
chemistry, will deliver the eu
logy. Chaplain Robert M. Min
to will conduct Iho service, at
which organ music will he pro
vided by Donald Aird, acting
University organist.
The ASSU ofice will close to
day all 4 p.m. because of the
memorial service.
