# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Dawson (No. 69. 215 lbs., 6-1,
20-year-old junior from Glcn
dale) plays both the guard and
tackle positions. Played on
I Braves squad last season as a
soph. Now playing primarily
at guard on Ihe third team, but
; alternates some with Manouk
ian. Needs more game experi
ence. Adequate tackier and
blocker. Major: radio and tele
vision. "

Valli (No. 34. 176 lbs.. 5-10,
21 - year - old senior from San
Jose» was the Indians' top run
ning threat until a knee injury
ended his collegiate career ear
ly this season. Has played half
back and fullback for three
years on varsity. His 628 yards
last year accounted for more
than 44 per cent of net yardage
made by all Card backs last
year. Major: dentistry.

('"Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


DON DAWSON
Guard


LOU VALLI
Back
Dawson (No. 69. 215 lbs., 6-1,
20-year-old junior from Glcn
dale) plays both the guard and
tackle positions. Played on
I Braves squad last season as a
soph. Now playing primarily
at guard on Ihe third team, but
; alternates some with Manouk
ian. Needs more game experi
ence. Adequate tackier and
blocker. Major: radio and tele
vision. "

Valli (No. 34. 176 lbs.. 5-10,
21 - year - old senior from San
Jose» was the Indians' top run
ning threat until a knee injury
ended his collegiate career ear
ly this season. Has played half
back and fullback for three
years on varsity. His 628 yards
last year accounted for more
than 44 per cent of net yardage
made by all Card backs last
year. Major: dentistry.

('"Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


DON DAWSON
Guard


LOU VALLI
Back
Dawson (No. 69. 215 lbs., 6-1,
20-year-old junior from Glcn
dale) plays both the guard and
tackle positions. Played on
I Braves squad last season as a
soph. Now playing primarily
at guard on Ihe third team, but
; alternates some with Manouk
ian. Needs more game experi
ence. Adequate tackier and
blocker. Major: radio and tele
vision. "

Valli (No. 34. 176 lbs.. 5-10,
21 - year - old senior from San
Jose» was the Indians' top run
ning threat until a knee injury
ended his collegiate career ear
ly this season. Has played half
back and fullback for three
years on varsity. His 628 yards
last year accounted for more
than 44 per cent of net yardage
made by all Card backs last
year. Major: dentistry.

('"Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


DON DAWSON
Guard


LOU VALLI
Back
Dawson (No. 69. 215 lbs., 6-1,
20-year-old junior from Glcn
dale) plays both the guard and
tackle positions. Played on
I Braves squad last season as a
soph. Now playing primarily
at guard on Ihe third team, but
; alternates some with Manouk
ian. Needs more game experi
ence. Adequate tackier and
blocker. Major: radio and tele
vision. "

Valli (No. 34. 176 lbs.. 5-10,
21 - year - old senior from San
Jose» was the Indians' top run
ning threat until a knee injury
ended his collegiate career ear
ly this season. Has played half
back and fullback for three
years on varsity. His 628 yards
last year accounted for more
than 44 per cent of net yardage
made by all Card backs last
year. Major: dentistry.

('"Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


DON DAWSON
Guard


LOU VALLI
Back
Dawson (No. 69. 215 lbs., 6-1,
20-year-old junior from Glcn
dale) plays both the guard and
tackle positions. Played on
I Braves squad last season as a
soph. Now playing primarily
at guard on Ihe third team, but
; alternates some with Manouk
ian. Needs more game experi
ence. Adequate tackier and
blocker. Major: radio and tele
vision. "

Valli (No. 34. 176 lbs.. 5-10,
21 - year - old senior from San
Jose» was the Indians' top run
ning threat until a knee injury
ended his collegiate career ear
ly this season. Has played half
back and fullback for three
years on varsity. His 628 yards
last year accounted for more
than 44 per cent of net yardage
made by all Card backs last
year. Major: dentistry.

('"Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


DON DAWSON
Guard


LOU VALLI
Back
Dawson (No. 69. 215 lbs., 6-1,
20-year-old junior from Glcn
dale) plays both the guard and
tackle positions. Played on
I Braves squad last season as a
soph. Now playing primarily
at guard on Ihe third team, but
; alternates some with Manouk
ian. Needs more game experi
ence. Adequate tackier and
blocker. Major: radio and tele
vision. "

Valli (No. 34. 176 lbs.. 5-10,
21 - year - old senior from San
Jose» was the Indians' top run
ning threat until a knee injury
ended his collegiate career ear
ly this season. Has played half
back and fullback for three
years on varsity. His 628 yards
last year accounted for more
than 44 per cent of net yardage
made by all Card backs last
year. Major: dentistry.

('"Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


DON DAWSON
Guard


LOU VALLI
Back
Dawson (No. 69. 215 lbs., 6-1,
20-year-old junior from Glcn
dale) plays both the guard and
tackle positions. Played on
I Braves squad last season as a
soph. Now playing primarily
at guard on Ihe third team, but
; alternates some with Manouk
ian. Needs more game experi
ence. Adequate tackier and
blocker. Major: radio and tele
vision. "

Valli (No. 34. 176 lbs.. 5-10,
21 - year - old senior from San
Jose» was the Indians' top run
ning threat until a knee injury
ended his collegiate career ear
ly this season. Has played half
back and fullback for three
years on varsity. His 628 yards
last year accounted for more
than 44 per cent of net yardage
made by all Card backs last
year. Major: dentistry.

('"Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


DON DAWSON
Guard


LOU VALLI
Back
Dawson (No. 69. 215 lbs., 6-1,
20-year-old junior from Glcn
dale) plays both the guard and
tackle positions. Played on
I Braves squad last season as a
soph. Now playing primarily
at guard on Ihe third team, but
; alternates some with Manouk
ian. Needs more game experi
ence. Adequate tackier and
blocker. Major: radio and tele
vision. "

Valli (No. 34. 176 lbs.. 5-10,
21 - year - old senior from San
Jose» was the Indians' top run
ning threat until a knee injury
ended his collegiate career ear
ly this season. Has played half
back and fullback for three
years on varsity. His 628 yards
last year accounted for more
than 44 per cent of net yardage
made by all Card backs last
year. Major: dentistry.

('"Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


DON DAWSON
Guard


LOU VALLI
Back
Dawson (No. 69. 215 lbs., 6-1,
20-year-old junior from Glcn
dale) plays both the guard and
tackle positions. Played on
I Braves squad last season as a
soph. Now playing primarily
at guard on Ihe third team, but
; alternates some with Manouk
ian. Needs more game experi
ence. Adequate tackier and
blocker. Major: radio and tele
vision. "

Valli (No. 34. 176 lbs.. 5-10,
21 - year - old senior from San
Jose» was the Indians' top run
ning threat until a knee injury
ended his collegiate career ear
ly this season. Has played half
back and fullback for three
years on varsity. His 628 yards
last year accounted for more
than 44 per cent of net yardage
made by all Card backs last
year. Major: dentistry.

('"Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


DON DAWSON
Guard


LOU VALLI
Back
Dawson (No. 69. 215 lbs., 6-1,
20-year-old junior from Glcn
dale) plays both the guard and
tackle positions. Played on
I Braves squad last season as a
soph. Now playing primarily
at guard on Ihe third team, but
; alternates some with Manouk
ian. Needs more game experi
ence. Adequate tackier and
blocker. Major: radio and tele
vision. "

Valli (No. 34. 176 lbs.. 5-10,
21 - year - old senior from San
Jose» was the Indians' top run
ning threat until a knee injury
ended his collegiate career ear
ly this season. Has played half
back and fullback for three
years on varsity. His 628 yards
last year accounted for more
than 44 per cent of net yardage
made by all Card backs last
year. Major: dentistry.

('"Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


DON DAWSON
Guard


LOU VALLI
Back
Dawson (No. 69. 215 lbs., 6-1,
20-year-old junior from Glcn
dale) plays both the guard and
tackle positions. Played on
I Braves squad last season as a
soph. Now playing primarily
at guard on Ihe third team, but
; alternates some with Manouk
ian. Needs more game experi
ence. Adequate tackier and
blocker. Major: radio and tele
vision. "

Valli (No. 34. 176 lbs.. 5-10,
21 - year - old senior from San
Jose» was the Indians' top run
ning threat until a knee injury
ended his collegiate career ear
ly this season. Has played half
back and fullback for three
years on varsity. His 628 yards
last year accounted for more
than 44 per cent of net yardage
made by all Card backs last
year. Major: dentistry.

('"Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


DON DAWSON
Guard


LOU VALLI
Back
Dawson (No. 69. 215 lbs., 6-1,
20-year-old junior from Glcn
dale) plays both the guard and
tackle positions. Played on
I Braves squad last season as a
soph. Now playing primarily
at guard on Ihe third team, but
; alternates some with Manouk
ian. Needs more game experi
ence. Adequate tackier and
blocker. Major: radio and tele
vision. "

Valli (No. 34. 176 lbs.. 5-10,
21 - year - old senior from San
Jose» was the Indians' top run
ning threat until a knee injury
ended his collegiate career ear
ly this season. Has played half
back and fullback for three
years on varsity. His 628 yards
last year accounted for more
than 44 per cent of net yardage
made by all Card backs last
year. Major: dentistry.

('"Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


DON DAWSON
Guard


LOU VALLI
Back
Dawson (No. 69. 215 lbs., 6-1,
20-year-old junior from Glcn
dale) plays both the guard and
tackle positions. Played on
I Braves squad last season as a
soph. Now playing primarily
at guard on Ihe third team, but
; alternates some with Manouk
ian. Needs more game experi
ence. Adequate tackier and
blocker. Major: radio and tele
vision. "

Valli (No. 34. 176 lbs.. 5-10,
21 - year - old senior from San
Jose» was the Indians' top run
ning threat until a knee injury
ended his collegiate career ear
ly this season. Has played half
back and fullback for three
years on varsity. His 628 yards
last year accounted for more
than 44 per cent of net yardage
made by all Card backs last
year. Major: dentistry.

('"Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


DON DAWSON
Guard


LOU VALLI
Back
Dawson (No. 69. 215 lbs., 6-1,
20-year-old junior from Glcn
dale) plays both the guard and
tackle positions. Played on
I Braves squad last season as a
soph. Now playing primarily
at guard on Ihe third team, but
; alternates some with Manouk
ian. Needs more game experi
ence. Adequate tackier and
blocker. Major: radio and tele
vision. "

Valli (No. 34. 176 lbs.. 5-10,
21 - year - old senior from San
Jose» was the Indians' top run
ning threat until a knee injury
ended his collegiate career ear
ly this season. Has played half
back and fullback for three
years on varsity. His 628 yards
last year accounted for more
than 44 per cent of net yardage
made by all Card backs last
year. Major: dentistry.

('"Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


DON DAWSON
Guard


LOU VALLI
Back
Dawson (No. 69. 215 lbs., 6-1,
20-year-old junior from Glcn
dale) plays both the guard and
tackle positions. Played on
I Braves squad last season as a
soph. Now playing primarily
at guard on Ihe third team, but
; alternates some with Manouk
ian. Needs more game experi
ence. Adequate tackier and
blocker. Major: radio and tele
vision. "

Valli (No. 34. 176 lbs.. 5-10,
21 - year - old senior from San
Jose» was the Indians' top run
ning threat until a knee injury
ended his collegiate career ear
ly this season. Has played half
back and fullback for three
years on varsity. His 628 yards
last year accounted for more
than 44 per cent of net yardage
made by all Card backs last
year. Major: dentistry.

('"Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


DON DAWSON
Guard


LOU VALLI
Back
Dawson (No. 69. 215 lbs., 6-1,
20-year-old junior from Glcn
dale) plays both the guard and
tackle positions. Played on
I Braves squad last season as a
soph. Now playing primarily
at guard on Ihe third team, but
; alternates some with Manouk
ian. Needs more game experi
ence. Adequate tackier and
blocker. Major: radio and tele
vision. "

Valli (No. 34. 176 lbs.. 5-10,
21 - year - old senior from San
Jose» was the Indians' top run
ning threat until a knee injury
ended his collegiate career ear
ly this season. Has played half
back and fullback for three
years on varsity. His 628 yards
last year accounted for more
than 44 per cent of net yardage
made by all Card backs last
year. Major: dentistry.

('"Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


DON DAWSON
Guard


LOU VALLI
Back
