# Commies Mock U.S. Slowness In Space Race
## Khrushchev, Mao Talk At 40th Celebration of Bolshevik devolution 
### 
MOSCOW (/!') Nikila Khrush
chev aiul Mao Tze-tung, the two
top men in world Communism,
made a double-barreled attack
yesterday on the United States,
gibing at its lag on launching
Sputniks and accusing it of plot
ting trouble ail over the world.
Khrushchev, the Soviet party
boss, and Mao, the master of Red
China, spoke from the same plat
form before 17,000 delegates here
from 60 nations to mark the 40th
anniversary of the Bolshevik Rev
olution.
Launching of Sputnik I and 11,
lie said, "struck fear and confu
sion into the camp of the enemies
of Communism."
The audience roared with laugh
ter when lie suggested that the
Americans hurry up so there can
be a "commonwealth of Sputniks."
Calling the two satellites "new
stars of the universe, heralds of
progress, heralds of the triumph
of Soviet science and technology,"
the Soviet party chief said:
"Our people never have thought
and do not think to use any means
of destruction if our country is
not subject to attack by imperial
ist states."
MOSCOW (/!') Nikila Khrush
chev aiul Mao Tze-tung, the two
top men in world Communism,
made a double-barreled attack
yesterday on the United States,
gibing at its lag on launching
Sputniks and accusing it of plot
ting trouble ail over the world.
Khrushchev, the Soviet party
boss, and Mao, the master of Red
China, spoke from the same plat
form before 17,000 delegates here
from 60 nations to mark the 40th
anniversary of the Bolshevik Rev
olution.
Launching of Sputnik I and 11,
lie said, "struck fear and confu
sion into the camp of the enemies
of Communism."
The audience roared with laugh
ter when lie suggested that the
Americans hurry up so there can
be a "commonwealth of Sputniks."
Calling the two satellites "new
stars of the universe, heralds of
progress, heralds of the triumph
of Soviet science and technology,"
the Soviet party chief said:
"Our people never have thought
and do not think to use any means
of destruction if our country is
not subject to attack by imperial
ist states."
MOSCOW (/!') Nikila Khrush
chev aiul Mao Tze-tung, the two
top men in world Communism,
made a double-barreled attack
yesterday on the United States,
gibing at its lag on launching
Sputniks and accusing it of plot
ting trouble ail over the world.
Khrushchev, the Soviet party
boss, and Mao, the master of Red
China, spoke from the same plat
form before 17,000 delegates here
from 60 nations to mark the 40th
anniversary of the Bolshevik Rev
olution.
Launching of Sputnik I and 11,
lie said, "struck fear and confu
sion into the camp of the enemies
of Communism."
The audience roared with laugh
ter when lie suggested that the
Americans hurry up so there can
be a "commonwealth of Sputniks."
Calling the two satellites "new
stars of the universe, heralds of
progress, heralds of the triumph
of Soviet science and technology,"
the Soviet party chief said:
"Our people never have thought
and do not think to use any means
of destruction if our country is
not subject to attack by imperial
ist states."
MOSCOW (/!') Nikila Khrush
chev aiul Mao Tze-tung, the two
top men in world Communism,
made a double-barreled attack
yesterday on the United States,
gibing at its lag on launching
Sputniks and accusing it of plot
ting trouble ail over the world.
Khrushchev, the Soviet party
boss, and Mao, the master of Red
China, spoke from the same plat
form before 17,000 delegates here
from 60 nations to mark the 40th
anniversary of the Bolshevik Rev
olution.
Launching of Sputnik I and 11,
lie said, "struck fear and confu
sion into the camp of the enemies
of Communism."
The audience roared with laugh
ter when lie suggested that the
Americans hurry up so there can
be a "commonwealth of Sputniks."
Calling the two satellites "new
stars of the universe, heralds of
progress, heralds of the triumph
of Soviet science and technology,"
the Soviet party chief said:
"Our people never have thought
and do not think to use any means
of destruction if our country is
not subject to attack by imperial
ist states."
MOSCOW (/!') Nikila Khrush
chev aiul Mao Tze-tung, the two
top men in world Communism,
made a double-barreled attack
yesterday on the United States,
gibing at its lag on launching
Sputniks and accusing it of plot
ting trouble ail over the world.
Khrushchev, the Soviet party
boss, and Mao, the master of Red
China, spoke from the same plat
form before 17,000 delegates here
from 60 nations to mark the 40th
anniversary of the Bolshevik Rev
olution.
Launching of Sputnik I and 11,
lie said, "struck fear and confu
sion into the camp of the enemies
of Communism."
The audience roared with laugh
ter when lie suggested that the
Americans hurry up so there can
be a "commonwealth of Sputniks."
Calling the two satellites "new
stars of the universe, heralds of
progress, heralds of the triumph
of Soviet science and technology,"
the Soviet party chief said:
"Our people never have thought
and do not think to use any means
of destruction if our country is
not subject to attack by imperial
ist states."
MOSCOW (/!') Nikila Khrush
chev aiul Mao Tze-tung, the two
top men in world Communism,
made a double-barreled attack
yesterday on the United States,
gibing at its lag on launching
Sputniks and accusing it of plot
ting trouble ail over the world.
Khrushchev, the Soviet party
boss, and Mao, the master of Red
China, spoke from the same plat
form before 17,000 delegates here
from 60 nations to mark the 40th
anniversary of the Bolshevik Rev
olution.
Launching of Sputnik I and 11,
lie said, "struck fear and confu
sion into the camp of the enemies
of Communism."
The audience roared with laugh
ter when lie suggested that the
Americans hurry up so there can
be a "commonwealth of Sputniks."
Calling the two satellites "new
stars of the universe, heralds of
progress, heralds of the triumph
of Soviet science and technology,"
the Soviet party chief said:
"Our people never have thought
and do not think to use any means
of destruction if our country is
not subject to attack by imperial
ist states."
MOSCOW (/!') Nikila Khrush
chev aiul Mao Tze-tung, the two
top men in world Communism,
made a double-barreled attack
yesterday on the United States,
gibing at its lag on launching
Sputniks and accusing it of plot
ting trouble ail over the world.
Khrushchev, the Soviet party
boss, and Mao, the master of Red
China, spoke from the same plat
form before 17,000 delegates here
from 60 nations to mark the 40th
anniversary of the Bolshevik Rev
olution.
Launching of Sputnik I and 11,
lie said, "struck fear and confu
sion into the camp of the enemies
of Communism."
The audience roared with laugh
ter when lie suggested that the
Americans hurry up so there can
be a "commonwealth of Sputniks."
Calling the two satellites "new
stars of the universe, heralds of
progress, heralds of the triumph
of Soviet science and technology,"
the Soviet party chief said:
"Our people never have thought
and do not think to use any means
of destruction if our country is
not subject to attack by imperial
ist states."
MOSCOW (/!') Nikila Khrush
chev aiul Mao Tze-tung, the two
top men in world Communism,
made a double-barreled attack
yesterday on the United States,
gibing at its lag on launching
Sputniks and accusing it of plot
ting trouble ail over the world.
Khrushchev, the Soviet party
boss, and Mao, the master of Red
China, spoke from the same plat
form before 17,000 delegates here
from 60 nations to mark the 40th
anniversary of the Bolshevik Rev
olution.
Launching of Sputnik I and 11,
lie said, "struck fear and confu
sion into the camp of the enemies
of Communism."
The audience roared with laugh
ter when lie suggested that the
Americans hurry up so there can
be a "commonwealth of Sputniks."
Calling the two satellites "new
stars of the universe, heralds of
progress, heralds of the triumph
of Soviet science and technology,"
the Soviet party chief said:
"Our people never have thought
and do not think to use any means
of destruction if our country is
not subject to attack by imperial
ist states."
MOSCOW (/!') Nikila Khrush
chev aiul Mao Tze-tung, the two
top men in world Communism,
made a double-barreled attack
yesterday on the United States,
gibing at its lag on launching
Sputniks and accusing it of plot
ting trouble ail over the world.
Khrushchev, the Soviet party
boss, and Mao, the master of Red
China, spoke from the same plat
form before 17,000 delegates here
from 60 nations to mark the 40th
anniversary of the Bolshevik Rev
olution.
Launching of Sputnik I and 11,
lie said, "struck fear and confu
sion into the camp of the enemies
of Communism."
The audience roared with laugh
ter when lie suggested that the
Americans hurry up so there can
be a "commonwealth of Sputniks."
Calling the two satellites "new
stars of the universe, heralds of
progress, heralds of the triumph
of Soviet science and technology,"
the Soviet party chief said:
"Our people never have thought
and do not think to use any means
of destruction if our country is
not subject to attack by imperial
ist states."
MOSCOW (/!') Nikila Khrush
chev aiul Mao Tze-tung, the two
top men in world Communism,
made a double-barreled attack
yesterday on the United States,
gibing at its lag on launching
Sputniks and accusing it of plot
ting trouble ail over the world.
Khrushchev, the Soviet party
boss, and Mao, the master of Red
China, spoke from the same plat
form before 17,000 delegates here
from 60 nations to mark the 40th
anniversary of the Bolshevik Rev
olution.
Launching of Sputnik I and 11,
lie said, "struck fear and confu
sion into the camp of the enemies
of Communism."
The audience roared with laugh
ter when lie suggested that the
Americans hurry up so there can
be a "commonwealth of Sputniks."
Calling the two satellites "new
stars of the universe, heralds of
progress, heralds of the triumph
of Soviet science and technology,"
the Soviet party chief said:
"Our people never have thought
and do not think to use any means
of destruction if our country is
not subject to attack by imperial
ist states."
MOSCOW (/!') Nikila Khrush
chev aiul Mao Tze-tung, the two
top men in world Communism,
made a double-barreled attack
yesterday on the United States,
gibing at its lag on launching
Sputniks and accusing it of plot
ting trouble ail over the world.
Khrushchev, the Soviet party
boss, and Mao, the master of Red
China, spoke from the same plat
form before 17,000 delegates here
from 60 nations to mark the 40th
anniversary of the Bolshevik Rev
olution.
Launching of Sputnik I and 11,
lie said, "struck fear and confu
sion into the camp of the enemies
of Communism."
The audience roared with laugh
ter when lie suggested that the
Americans hurry up so there can
be a "commonwealth of Sputniks."
Calling the two satellites "new
stars of the universe, heralds of
progress, heralds of the triumph
of Soviet science and technology,"
the Soviet party chief said:
"Our people never have thought
and do not think to use any means
of destruction if our country is
not subject to attack by imperial
ist states."
MOSCOW (/!') Nikila Khrush
chev aiul Mao Tze-tung, the two
top men in world Communism,
made a double-barreled attack
yesterday on the United States,
gibing at its lag on launching
Sputniks and accusing it of plot
ting trouble ail over the world.
Khrushchev, the Soviet party
boss, and Mao, the master of Red
China, spoke from the same plat
form before 17,000 delegates here
from 60 nations to mark the 40th
anniversary of the Bolshevik Rev
olution.
Launching of Sputnik I and 11,
lie said, "struck fear and confu
sion into the camp of the enemies
of Communism."
The audience roared with laugh
ter when lie suggested that the
Americans hurry up so there can
be a "commonwealth of Sputniks."
Calling the two satellites "new
stars of the universe, heralds of
progress, heralds of the triumph
of Soviet science and technology,"
the Soviet party chief said:
"Our people never have thought
and do not think to use any means
of destruction if our country is
not subject to attack by imperial
ist states."
MOSCOW (/!') Nikila Khrush
chev aiul Mao Tze-tung, the two
top men in world Communism,
made a double-barreled attack
yesterday on the United States,
gibing at its lag on launching
Sputniks and accusing it of plot
ting trouble ail over the world.
Khrushchev, the Soviet party
boss, and Mao, the master of Red
China, spoke from the same plat
form before 17,000 delegates here
from 60 nations to mark the 40th
anniversary of the Bolshevik Rev
olution.
Launching of Sputnik I and 11,
lie said, "struck fear and confu
sion into the camp of the enemies
of Communism."
The audience roared with laugh
ter when lie suggested that the
Americans hurry up so there can
be a "commonwealth of Sputniks."
Calling the two satellites "new
stars of the universe, heralds of
progress, heralds of the triumph
of Soviet science and technology,"
the Soviet party chief said:
"Our people never have thought
and do not think to use any means
of destruction if our country is
not subject to attack by imperial
ist states."
MOSCOW (/!') Nikila Khrush
chev aiul Mao Tze-tung, the two
top men in world Communism,
made a double-barreled attack
yesterday on the United States,
gibing at its lag on launching
Sputniks and accusing it of plot
ting trouble ail over the world.
Khrushchev, the Soviet party
boss, and Mao, the master of Red
China, spoke from the same plat
form before 17,000 delegates here
from 60 nations to mark the 40th
anniversary of the Bolshevik Rev
olution.
Launching of Sputnik I and 11,
lie said, "struck fear and confu
sion into the camp of the enemies
of Communism."
The audience roared with laugh
ter when lie suggested that the
Americans hurry up so there can
be a "commonwealth of Sputniks."
Calling the two satellites "new
stars of the universe, heralds of
progress, heralds of the triumph
of Soviet science and technology,"
the Soviet party chief said:
"Our people never have thought
and do not think to use any means
of destruction if our country is
not subject to attack by imperial
ist states."
MOSCOW (/!') Nikila Khrush
chev aiul Mao Tze-tung, the two
top men in world Communism,
made a double-barreled attack
yesterday on the United States,
gibing at its lag on launching
Sputniks and accusing it of plot
ting trouble ail over the world.
Khrushchev, the Soviet party
boss, and Mao, the master of Red
China, spoke from the same plat
form before 17,000 delegates here
from 60 nations to mark the 40th
anniversary of the Bolshevik Rev
olution.
Launching of Sputnik I and 11,
lie said, "struck fear and confu
sion into the camp of the enemies
of Communism."
The audience roared with laugh
ter when lie suggested that the
Americans hurry up so there can
be a "commonwealth of Sputniks."
Calling the two satellites "new
stars of the universe, heralds of
progress, heralds of the triumph
of Soviet science and technology,"
the Soviet party chief said:
"Our people never have thought
and do not think to use any means
of destruction if our country is
not subject to attack by imperial
ist states."
MOSCOW (/!') Nikila Khrush
chev aiul Mao Tze-tung, the two
top men in world Communism,
made a double-barreled attack
yesterday on the United States,
gibing at its lag on launching
Sputniks and accusing it of plot
ting trouble ail over the world.
Khrushchev, the Soviet party
boss, and Mao, the master of Red
China, spoke from the same plat
form before 17,000 delegates here
from 60 nations to mark the 40th
anniversary of the Bolshevik Rev
olution.
Launching of Sputnik I and 11,
lie said, "struck fear and confu
sion into the camp of the enemies
of Communism."
The audience roared with laugh
ter when lie suggested that the
Americans hurry up so there can
be a "commonwealth of Sputniks."
Calling the two satellites "new
stars of the universe, heralds of
progress, heralds of the triumph
of Soviet science and technology,"
the Soviet party chief said:
"Our people never have thought
and do not think to use any means
of destruction if our country is
not subject to attack by imperial
ist states."
