# Brown Certain Of Election Win In State Race
## 
### 
WASHINGTON (I?) â€” Demo
cratic candidate for the Califor
nia gubernatorial primary race,
Attorney General Pat Brown, ex
pressed confidence yesterday that
he will be elected governor next
year.
Brown made his announcement
in a news conference here to fol
low up Governor Knight's an
nouncement Tuesday that he was
dropping out of the race for the
governorship.
Knight's decision to run for the
Republican senatorial nomination
left t lie GOP gubernatorial nomi
nation open to Senator William
Knowland. Brown is the only
Democrat who has announced his
intention to run for governor.
Pre - election maneuvering is
getting more than usual atten
tion because whoever wins could
be a big man in 1960 presidential
politics.
Brown accused Republicans of
hatching a deal to get Knight out
of the race for governor and thus
avoid a party - jarring primary
battle between Knight and Know
land.
He said a California Republican
told him some days ago that it
had been arranged for Knowland
to resign his Senate seat after
the primary next June so that
Knight could be appointed to the
vacancy and run as an incumbent
senator in the November election.
Knight quickly put out a state
ment saying he would not con
sider any such proposal.
"It is my firm desire and in
tention to serve for the remainder
of my term as governor," Knight
said.
"I have never discussed Mr.
Brown's reported scheme with
Senator Knowland and no repre
sentative of mine has done so."
with other organizations and have
taken on more.


EDMUND G. BROWN
Charges Deal with Knight
