# Best Of The Bay
## 
### GEORGE DOBBINS 
We arc indeed getting
down to the nitty-gritty.
For those of us who are
graduating (or at least
hope we are), we
emphasise the gritty.
But inspite of threats
of pies in the face, we
persist in bringing you
the thrill of victory and
the agony of this column.
(Who says we don't know
our ABC's?)
This is the week for
drama — it seems
everyone is putting on
plays. And they all
appear worthwhile.
The Company
presents The Music Man
Friday through Sunday
in the Toyon Lounge.
(Robert Preston, are you

listening?)
If you're a Neil Simon
fan, try Serra House's
production of The Odd
Couple running tonight
through Sunday;and then
there's Soto's
presentation of Plaza
Suite, running Friday
[through Sunday.
| (They're all free!)
| For good drama that
will cost money to see,
don't miss the Drama
Department's production
of Shakespeare's The
Tempest, starting next
Tuesday evening in
Memorial Auditorium
and running through the
week.
Should you prefer a
predominance of music,
the Music Department
sponsors the Stanford
jOpera Theater's
productions of Poulenc's
j The Breasts of Tiresias
i and Rossini's The
Marriage Broker
I beginning next
| Wednesday night and
running th rough
Saturday in Dinkelspiel
| Auditorium.
Musical Director Mark
Starr will conduct the
Stanford Chamber
Orchestra. The!
presentations wi 111
feature music students,j
alumni and "young Bay|
Area professionals,"'

according to the press
release.
The department will
also feature viola artist
Martha Blackman in
Annenberg Auditorium
Saturday night.
Popular music fans
don't despair. Saturday,
of course, is Bill
Graham's "Day on The
Green," featuring
Chicago and The Beach
Boys. It is sold out, but
reportedly, if you don't
have tickets, there will be
a few on sale the day of
the concert — get there
early.
If you can't get into
this one, Maria Muldaur
("Midnight At The
Oasis") will be at the
Great American Music
hall through Friday and
all this weekend.
The ninth annual
Berkeley jazz Festival at
the Greek Theater will
feature Taj Mahal,
Freddie Hubbard, Les
McCann, Cannonball
Adderley and other
greats — don't miss it.
(Dan Forte, are you
listening?)
For film buffs (and
for fans who wear clothes
sorry about that), the
Stanford Film Society
screens East Of Eden
(1955) — based on the
Steinbeck novel — Friday
in Cubberlcy Auditorium
and the ASSU Sunday
Flicks shows again the
gory but good Catch-22
with Alan Arkin.
This week's on-stage
comic notable is Robert
Klein, the former high
school teacher whose
recent album referred to
him as a "Child Of The
Fifties." He'll be at the
Boarding House through
Sunday and he is
extremely clever.
Saturday's Creature
Feature is not spectacular
but it might be funny.
This week's films are The
Black Castle (1953) and
Man in Outer Space
(1964), the story of the
man who thought of
booking Helen Reddy for
a concert at Stanford. It
begins at 9:30 p.m. on
channel 2.
Finally, if you're
looking for a super
dinner on Saturday night,
we're told that the
Stanford Luau Hui
(that's Hawaiian for
Committee) is putting on
a Luau at the Bechtel
International Center,
beginning at 7 p.m.
Tickets are $4.50 at the
Center. The Luau will
also feature a show and
three roast pigs (whose
identities were not
available at press time).


Photo courtesy Boarding House
ROBERT KLEIN
