# Adv. 10 Page 3
## 
### 
It takes
I the mystery out of
Diamond Buying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity of *
diamond — aids in ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
If
408 California DA_3_-6822
It takes
I the mystery out of
Diamond Buying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity of *
diamond — aids in ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
If
408 California DA_3_-6822
It takes
I the mystery out of
Diamond Buying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity of *
diamond — aids in ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
If
408 California DA_3_-6822
It takes
I the mystery out of
Diamond Buying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity of *
diamond — aids in ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
If
408 California DA_3_-6822
It takes
I the mystery out of
Diamond Buying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity of *
diamond — aids in ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
If
408 California DA_3_-6822
It takes
I the mystery out of
Diamond Buying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity of *
diamond — aids in ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
If
408 California DA_3_-6822
It takes
I the mystery out of
Diamond Buying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity of *
diamond — aids in ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
If
408 California DA_3_-6822
It takes
I the mystery out of
Diamond Buying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity of *
diamond — aids in ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
If
408 California DA_3_-6822
It takes
I the mystery out of
Diamond Buying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity of *
diamond — aids in ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
If
408 California DA_3_-6822
It takes
I the mystery out of
Diamond Buying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity of *
diamond — aids in ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
If
408 California DA_3_-6822
It takes
I the mystery out of
Diamond Buying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity of *
diamond — aids in ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
If
408 California DA_3_-6822
It takes
I the mystery out of
Diamond Buying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity of *
diamond — aids in ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
If
408 California DA_3_-6822
It takes
I the mystery out of
Diamond Buying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity of *
diamond — aids in ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
If
408 California DA_3_-6822
It takes
I the mystery out of
Diamond Buying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity of *
diamond — aids in ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
If
408 California DA_3_-6822
It takes
I the mystery out of
Diamond Buying
Our Diamondscope re
veals the clarity of *
diamond — aids in ac
curate pricing—assure*
you that here is the firm
whose judgment, integ
rity and knowledge you
can rely on.
If
408 California DA_3_-6822
