# Korean GI Bill Cuts Explained
## 
### 
Jan. 31 will bo the last day of the
Korean emergency for puipo.se.s of
acquiring eligibility for certain GI
benefits, including Korea GI Bill
training, according to a recent proc
lamation of the Veterans' Adminis
tration.
The proclamation explained that
those who enter the Armed Forces
after Jan. 31 will not be entitled to
education or training under the Ko
rean GI Bill when they are dis
charged.
Those who enter service before
Jan. 31 will build up entitlement to
GI training only up to and includ
ing Jan. 31.
Entitlement to GI benefits is com
puted on the basis of 1% times the
length of military service up to
Jan. 31. -
Under the present regulations, a
person entering the service today
would qualify for only three weeks
of education or training under the
Korea GI Bill.
To qualify for GI training in the
first place, a serviceman must have
been separated from service under
other-than-dishonorable conditions.
