# Tryouts Begin For UG Study
## 
### 
Interviews for the committee to
study the Stanford undergraduate
program will he held from 2 to 3
p.in. today and from \ to 5 p.m.
tomorrow in Ihe ASSU Executive
Committee room.
Students interested in the com
mittee may sign up for the inter
views at the ASSU office.
Thirteen students from all
classes will he selected to work
with the special faculty commit
tee under the direction of Presi
dent Wallace Sterling. The study
will delve into ail aspects of un
dergraduate life, ranging from
curriculum to Ihe attitudes Stan
ford students carry with them
upon graduation.
Interviews will be conducted l»y
Pete Bing, Dianne Goldman, Rudy
Reich, and Pat King.
Interviews for the committee to
study the Stanford undergraduate
program will he held from 2 to 3
p.in. today and from \ to 5 p.m.
tomorrow in Ihe ASSU Executive
Committee room.
Students interested in the com
mittee may sign up for the inter
views at the ASSU office.
Thirteen students from all
classes will he selected to work
with the special faculty commit
tee under the direction of Presi
dent Wallace Sterling. The study
will delve into ail aspects of un
dergraduate life, ranging from
curriculum to Ihe attitudes Stan
ford students carry with them
upon graduation.
Interviews will be conducted l»y
Pete Bing, Dianne Goldman, Rudy
Reich, and Pat King.
Interviews for the committee to
study the Stanford undergraduate
program will he held from 2 to 3
p.in. today and from \ to 5 p.m.
tomorrow in Ihe ASSU Executive
Committee room.
Students interested in the com
mittee may sign up for the inter
views at the ASSU office.
Thirteen students from all
classes will he selected to work
with the special faculty commit
tee under the direction of Presi
dent Wallace Sterling. The study
will delve into ail aspects of un
dergraduate life, ranging from
curriculum to Ihe attitudes Stan
ford students carry with them
upon graduation.
Interviews will be conducted l»y
Pete Bing, Dianne Goldman, Rudy
Reich, and Pat King.
Interviews for the committee to
study the Stanford undergraduate
program will he held from 2 to 3
p.in. today and from \ to 5 p.m.
tomorrow in Ihe ASSU Executive
Committee room.
Students interested in the com
mittee may sign up for the inter
views at the ASSU office.
Thirteen students from all
classes will he selected to work
with the special faculty commit
tee under the direction of Presi
dent Wallace Sterling. The study
will delve into ail aspects of un
dergraduate life, ranging from
curriculum to Ihe attitudes Stan
ford students carry with them
upon graduation.
Interviews will be conducted l»y
Pete Bing, Dianne Goldman, Rudy
Reich, and Pat King.
Interviews for the committee to
study the Stanford undergraduate
program will he held from 2 to 3
p.in. today and from \ to 5 p.m.
tomorrow in Ihe ASSU Executive
Committee room.
Students interested in the com
mittee may sign up for the inter
views at the ASSU office.
Thirteen students from all
classes will he selected to work
with the special faculty commit
tee under the direction of Presi
dent Wallace Sterling. The study
will delve into ail aspects of un
dergraduate life, ranging from
curriculum to Ihe attitudes Stan
ford students carry with them
upon graduation.
Interviews will be conducted l»y
Pete Bing, Dianne Goldman, Rudy
Reich, and Pat King.
Interviews for the committee to
study the Stanford undergraduate
program will he held from 2 to 3
p.in. today and from \ to 5 p.m.
tomorrow in Ihe ASSU Executive
Committee room.
Students interested in the com
mittee may sign up for the inter
views at the ASSU office.
Thirteen students from all
classes will he selected to work
with the special faculty commit
tee under the direction of Presi
dent Wallace Sterling. The study
will delve into ail aspects of un
dergraduate life, ranging from
curriculum to Ihe attitudes Stan
ford students carry with them
upon graduation.
Interviews will be conducted l»y
Pete Bing, Dianne Goldman, Rudy
Reich, and Pat King.
Interviews for the committee to
study the Stanford undergraduate
program will he held from 2 to 3
p.in. today and from \ to 5 p.m.
tomorrow in Ihe ASSU Executive
Committee room.
Students interested in the com
mittee may sign up for the inter
views at the ASSU office.
Thirteen students from all
classes will he selected to work
with the special faculty commit
tee under the direction of Presi
dent Wallace Sterling. The study
will delve into ail aspects of un
dergraduate life, ranging from
curriculum to Ihe attitudes Stan
ford students carry with them
upon graduation.
Interviews will be conducted l»y
Pete Bing, Dianne Goldman, Rudy
Reich, and Pat King.
Interviews for the committee to
study the Stanford undergraduate
program will he held from 2 to 3
p.in. today and from \ to 5 p.m.
tomorrow in Ihe ASSU Executive
Committee room.
Students interested in the com
mittee may sign up for the inter
views at the ASSU office.
Thirteen students from all
classes will he selected to work
with the special faculty commit
tee under the direction of Presi
dent Wallace Sterling. The study
will delve into ail aspects of un
dergraduate life, ranging from
curriculum to Ihe attitudes Stan
ford students carry with them
upon graduation.
Interviews will be conducted l»y
Pete Bing, Dianne Goldman, Rudy
Reich, and Pat King.
Interviews for the committee to
study the Stanford undergraduate
program will he held from 2 to 3
p.in. today and from \ to 5 p.m.
tomorrow in Ihe ASSU Executive
Committee room.
Students interested in the com
mittee may sign up for the inter
views at the ASSU office.
Thirteen students from all
classes will he selected to work
with the special faculty commit
tee under the direction of Presi
dent Wallace Sterling. The study
will delve into ail aspects of un
dergraduate life, ranging from
curriculum to Ihe attitudes Stan
ford students carry with them
upon graduation.
Interviews will be conducted l»y
Pete Bing, Dianne Goldman, Rudy
Reich, and Pat King.
Interviews for the committee to
study the Stanford undergraduate
program will he held from 2 to 3
p.in. today and from \ to 5 p.m.
tomorrow in Ihe ASSU Executive
Committee room.
Students interested in the com
mittee may sign up for the inter
views at the ASSU office.
Thirteen students from all
classes will he selected to work
with the special faculty commit
tee under the direction of Presi
dent Wallace Sterling. The study
will delve into ail aspects of un
dergraduate life, ranging from
curriculum to Ihe attitudes Stan
ford students carry with them
upon graduation.
Interviews will be conducted l»y
Pete Bing, Dianne Goldman, Rudy
Reich, and Pat King.
Interviews for the committee to
study the Stanford undergraduate
program will he held from 2 to 3
p.in. today and from \ to 5 p.m.
tomorrow in Ihe ASSU Executive
Committee room.
Students interested in the com
mittee may sign up for the inter
views at the ASSU office.
Thirteen students from all
classes will he selected to work
with the special faculty commit
tee under the direction of Presi
dent Wallace Sterling. The study
will delve into ail aspects of un
dergraduate life, ranging from
curriculum to Ihe attitudes Stan
ford students carry with them
upon graduation.
Interviews will be conducted l»y
Pete Bing, Dianne Goldman, Rudy
Reich, and Pat King.
Interviews for the committee to
study the Stanford undergraduate
program will he held from 2 to 3
p.in. today and from \ to 5 p.m.
tomorrow in Ihe ASSU Executive
Committee room.
Students interested in the com
mittee may sign up for the inter
views at the ASSU office.
Thirteen students from all
classes will he selected to work
with the special faculty commit
tee under the direction of Presi
dent Wallace Sterling. The study
will delve into ail aspects of un
dergraduate life, ranging from
curriculum to Ihe attitudes Stan
ford students carry with them
upon graduation.
Interviews will be conducted l»y
Pete Bing, Dianne Goldman, Rudy
Reich, and Pat King.
Interviews for the committee to
study the Stanford undergraduate
program will he held from 2 to 3
p.in. today and from \ to 5 p.m.
tomorrow in Ihe ASSU Executive
Committee room.
Students interested in the com
mittee may sign up for the inter
views at the ASSU office.
Thirteen students from all
classes will he selected to work
with the special faculty commit
tee under the direction of Presi
dent Wallace Sterling. The study
will delve into ail aspects of un
dergraduate life, ranging from
curriculum to Ihe attitudes Stan
ford students carry with them
upon graduation.
Interviews will be conducted l»y
Pete Bing, Dianne Goldman, Rudy
Reich, and Pat King.
Interviews for the committee to
study the Stanford undergraduate
program will he held from 2 to 3
p.in. today and from \ to 5 p.m.
tomorrow in Ihe ASSU Executive
Committee room.
Students interested in the com
mittee may sign up for the inter
views at the ASSU office.
Thirteen students from all
classes will he selected to work
with the special faculty commit
tee under the direction of Presi
dent Wallace Sterling. The study
will delve into ail aspects of un
dergraduate life, ranging from
curriculum to Ihe attitudes Stan
ford students carry with them
upon graduation.
Interviews will be conducted l»y
Pete Bing, Dianne Goldman, Rudy
Reich, and Pat King.
Interviews for the committee to
study the Stanford undergraduate
program will he held from 2 to 3
p.in. today and from \ to 5 p.m.
tomorrow in Ihe ASSU Executive
Committee room.
Students interested in the com
mittee may sign up for the inter
views at the ASSU office.
Thirteen students from all
classes will he selected to work
with the special faculty commit
tee under the direction of Presi
dent Wallace Sterling. The study
will delve into ail aspects of un
dergraduate life, ranging from
curriculum to Ihe attitudes Stan
ford students carry with them
upon graduation.
Interviews will be conducted l»y
Pete Bing, Dianne Goldman, Rudy
Reich, and Pat King.
