# March Alumnus Appears.
## 
### 
The March issue of the Stanford
Alumnus was placed on sale at the
Bookstore yesterday. This third num
ber of the Alumni Association organ
contains leading articles by (1. R.
Crothers, '95, on "Alumni Participa
tion in University Government;" "The
University Library," by Miss A. X.
Hays, '9li, and a report of the last
meeting of the Board of Trustees. .1.
C.Thomas, '12, contributes a conserva
tive undergraduate view of the spring
athletic situation. Junior Week and
the 1912 "Quad" receive considerable
mention in this number. Appeals are
made to the Alumni to support the
Stanford Union and the Womens'
Clubhouse, and additional pages are
devoted to the Miracle plays, excellent
Assemblies and Alumni notes.
