# Seven Man Rugby Practices Begin
## 
### 
Rugby Coach Pete Kmetovic has
announced a seven-man rugby
tournament will be held at Stan
ford on Dec. 5.
Anyone interested in playing
rugby is urged to come out to
practice beginning today at 4:15
on the Rugby field and every Mon
day, Wednesday, an d Friday
thereafter until the tournament.
Kmetovic expects many top
flight teams from Northern Cali
fornia to compete.
Rugby Coach Pete Kmetovic has
announced a seven-man rugby
tournament will be held at Stan
ford on Dec. 5.
Anyone interested in playing
rugby is urged to come out to
practice beginning today at 4:15
on the Rugby field and every Mon
day, Wednesday, an d Friday
thereafter until the tournament.
Kmetovic expects many top
flight teams from Northern Cali
fornia to compete.
Rugby Coach Pete Kmetovic has
announced a seven-man rugby
tournament will be held at Stan
ford on Dec. 5.
Anyone interested in playing
rugby is urged to come out to
practice beginning today at 4:15
on the Rugby field and every Mon
day, Wednesday, an d Friday
thereafter until the tournament.
Kmetovic expects many top
flight teams from Northern Cali
fornia to compete.
Rugby Coach Pete Kmetovic has
announced a seven-man rugby
tournament will be held at Stan
ford on Dec. 5.
Anyone interested in playing
rugby is urged to come out to
practice beginning today at 4:15
on the Rugby field and every Mon
day, Wednesday, an d Friday
thereafter until the tournament.
Kmetovic expects many top
flight teams from Northern Cali
fornia to compete.
Rugby Coach Pete Kmetovic has
announced a seven-man rugby
tournament will be held at Stan
ford on Dec. 5.
Anyone interested in playing
rugby is urged to come out to
practice beginning today at 4:15
on the Rugby field and every Mon
day, Wednesday, an d Friday
thereafter until the tournament.
Kmetovic expects many top
flight teams from Northern Cali
fornia to compete.
Rugby Coach Pete Kmetovic has
announced a seven-man rugby
tournament will be held at Stan
ford on Dec. 5.
Anyone interested in playing
rugby is urged to come out to
practice beginning today at 4:15
on the Rugby field and every Mon
day, Wednesday, an d Friday
thereafter until the tournament.
Kmetovic expects many top
flight teams from Northern Cali
fornia to compete.
Rugby Coach Pete Kmetovic has
announced a seven-man rugby
tournament will be held at Stan
ford on Dec. 5.
Anyone interested in playing
rugby is urged to come out to
practice beginning today at 4:15
on the Rugby field and every Mon
day, Wednesday, an d Friday
thereafter until the tournament.
Kmetovic expects many top
flight teams from Northern Cali
fornia to compete.
Rugby Coach Pete Kmetovic has
announced a seven-man rugby
tournament will be held at Stan
ford on Dec. 5.
Anyone interested in playing
rugby is urged to come out to
practice beginning today at 4:15
on the Rugby field and every Mon
day, Wednesday, an d Friday
thereafter until the tournament.
Kmetovic expects many top
flight teams from Northern Cali
fornia to compete.
Rugby Coach Pete Kmetovic has
announced a seven-man rugby
tournament will be held at Stan
ford on Dec. 5.
Anyone interested in playing
rugby is urged to come out to
practice beginning today at 4:15
on the Rugby field and every Mon
day, Wednesday, an d Friday
thereafter until the tournament.
Kmetovic expects many top
flight teams from Northern Cali
fornia to compete.
Rugby Coach Pete Kmetovic has
announced a seven-man rugby
tournament will be held at Stan
ford on Dec. 5.
Anyone interested in playing
rugby is urged to come out to
practice beginning today at 4:15
on the Rugby field and every Mon
day, Wednesday, an d Friday
thereafter until the tournament.
Kmetovic expects many top
flight teams from Northern Cali
fornia to compete.
Rugby Coach Pete Kmetovic has
announced a seven-man rugby
tournament will be held at Stan
ford on Dec. 5.
Anyone interested in playing
rugby is urged to come out to
practice beginning today at 4:15
on the Rugby field and every Mon
day, Wednesday, an d Friday
thereafter until the tournament.
Kmetovic expects many top
flight teams from Northern Cali
fornia to compete.
Rugby Coach Pete Kmetovic has
announced a seven-man rugby
tournament will be held at Stan
ford on Dec. 5.
Anyone interested in playing
rugby is urged to come out to
practice beginning today at 4:15
on the Rugby field and every Mon
day, Wednesday, an d Friday
thereafter until the tournament.
Kmetovic expects many top
flight teams from Northern Cali
fornia to compete.
Rugby Coach Pete Kmetovic has
announced a seven-man rugby
tournament will be held at Stan
ford on Dec. 5.
Anyone interested in playing
rugby is urged to come out to
practice beginning today at 4:15
on the Rugby field and every Mon
day, Wednesday, an d Friday
thereafter until the tournament.
Kmetovic expects many top
flight teams from Northern Cali
fornia to compete.
Rugby Coach Pete Kmetovic has
announced a seven-man rugby
tournament will be held at Stan
ford on Dec. 5.
Anyone interested in playing
rugby is urged to come out to
practice beginning today at 4:15
on the Rugby field and every Mon
day, Wednesday, an d Friday
thereafter until the tournament.
Kmetovic expects many top
flight teams from Northern Cali
fornia to compete.
Rugby Coach Pete Kmetovic has
announced a seven-man rugby
tournament will be held at Stan
ford on Dec. 5.
Anyone interested in playing
rugby is urged to come out to
practice beginning today at 4:15
on the Rugby field and every Mon
day, Wednesday, an d Friday
thereafter until the tournament.
Kmetovic expects many top
flight teams from Northern Cali
fornia to compete.
