# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
Of Major Concern
For Sophomores
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-reg for autumn
quarter. Do this before May
23 or will not be allowed to
pre-reg for autumn ’62-’fi3.
Of Major Concern
For Sophomores
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-reg for autumn
quarter. Do this before May
23 or will not be allowed to
pre-reg for autumn ’62-’fi3.
Of Major Concern
For Sophomores
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-reg for autumn
quarter. Do this before May
23 or will not be allowed to
pre-reg for autumn ’62-’fi3.
Of Major Concern
For Sophomores
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-reg for autumn
quarter. Do this before May
23 or will not be allowed to
pre-reg for autumn ’62-’fi3.
Of Major Concern
For Sophomores
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-reg for autumn
quarter. Do this before May
23 or will not be allowed to
pre-reg for autumn ’62-’fi3.
Of Major Concern
For Sophomores
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-reg for autumn
quarter. Do this before May
23 or will not be allowed to
pre-reg for autumn ’62-’fi3.
Of Major Concern
For Sophomores
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-reg for autumn
quarter. Do this before May
23 or will not be allowed to
pre-reg for autumn ’62-’fi3.
Of Major Concern
For Sophomores
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-reg for autumn
quarter. Do this before May
23 or will not be allowed to
pre-reg for autumn ’62-’fi3.
Of Major Concern
For Sophomores
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-reg for autumn
quarter. Do this before May
23 or will not be allowed to
pre-reg for autumn ’62-’fi3.
Of Major Concern
For Sophomores
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-reg for autumn
quarter. Do this before May
23 or will not be allowed to
pre-reg for autumn ’62-’fi3.
Of Major Concern
For Sophomores
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-reg for autumn
quarter. Do this before May
23 or will not be allowed to
pre-reg for autumn ’62-’fi3.
Of Major Concern
For Sophomores
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-reg for autumn
quarter. Do this before May
23 or will not be allowed to
pre-reg for autumn ’62-’fi3.
Of Major Concern
For Sophomores
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-reg for autumn
quarter. Do this before May
23 or will not be allowed to
pre-reg for autumn ’62-’fi3.
Of Major Concern
For Sophomores
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-reg for autumn
quarter. Do this before May
23 or will not be allowed to
pre-reg for autumn ’62-’fi3.
Of Major Concern
For Sophomores
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-reg for autumn
quarter. Do this before May
23 or will not be allowed to
pre-reg for autumn ’62-’fi3.
Of Major Concern
For Sophomores
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-reg for autumn
quarter. Do this before May
23 or will not be allowed to
pre-reg for autumn ’62-’fi3.
Of Major Concern
For Sophomores
Sophomores who have not
declared a major must do so
before pre-reg for autumn
quarter. Do this before May
23 or will not be allowed to
pre-reg for autumn ’62-’fi3.
