# Adv. 3 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS*
* i
■
1
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
V
■
■
■
f
Just the thing to add
that proper touch
of smartness to your
new suit, is a pair
of gleaming new
Standish cordovans.
Not only the toughest
leather known to man,
but it takes a magni
ficent shine and the
color goes with any
suit or sports outfit.
Very rich-looking in
plain, wingtip or moc
toes. At R A, of
course, 22.00.
roos/atkins
■
I
■
a
INDIANS*
* i
■
1
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
V
■
■
■
f
Just the thing to add
that proper touch
of smartness to your
new suit, is a pair
of gleaming new
Standish cordovans.
Not only the toughest
leather known to man,
but it takes a magni
ficent shine and the
color goes with any
suit or sports outfit.
Very rich-looking in
plain, wingtip or moc
toes. At R A, of
course, 22.00.
roos/atkins
■
I
■
a
INDIANS*
* i
■
1
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
V
■
■
■
f
Just the thing to add
that proper touch
of smartness to your
new suit, is a pair
of gleaming new
Standish cordovans.
Not only the toughest
leather known to man,
but it takes a magni
ficent shine and the
color goes with any
suit or sports outfit.
Very rich-looking in
plain, wingtip or moc
toes. At R A, of
course, 22.00.
roos/atkins
■
I
■
a
INDIANS*
* i
■
1
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
V
■
■
■
f
Just the thing to add
that proper touch
of smartness to your
new suit, is a pair
of gleaming new
Standish cordovans.
Not only the toughest
leather known to man,
but it takes a magni
ficent shine and the
color goes with any
suit or sports outfit.
Very rich-looking in
plain, wingtip or moc
toes. At R A, of
course, 22.00.
roos/atkins
■
I
■
a
INDIANS*
* i
■
1
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
V
■
■
■
f
Just the thing to add
that proper touch
of smartness to your
new suit, is a pair
of gleaming new
Standish cordovans.
Not only the toughest
leather known to man,
but it takes a magni
ficent shine and the
color goes with any
suit or sports outfit.
Very rich-looking in
plain, wingtip or moc
toes. At R A, of
course, 22.00.
roos/atkins
■
I
■
a
INDIANS*
* i
■
1
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
V
■
■
■
f
Just the thing to add
that proper touch
of smartness to your
new suit, is a pair
of gleaming new
Standish cordovans.
Not only the toughest
leather known to man,
but it takes a magni
ficent shine and the
color goes with any
suit or sports outfit.
Very rich-looking in
plain, wingtip or moc
toes. At R A, of
course, 22.00.
roos/atkins
■
I
■
a
INDIANS*
* i
■
1
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
V
■
■
■
f
Just the thing to add
that proper touch
of smartness to your
new suit, is a pair
of gleaming new
Standish cordovans.
Not only the toughest
leather known to man,
but it takes a magni
ficent shine and the
color goes with any
suit or sports outfit.
Very rich-looking in
plain, wingtip or moc
toes. At R A, of
course, 22.00.
roos/atkins
■
I
■
a
INDIANS*
* i
■
1
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
V
■
■
■
f
Just the thing to add
that proper touch
of smartness to your
new suit, is a pair
of gleaming new
Standish cordovans.
Not only the toughest
leather known to man,
but it takes a magni
ficent shine and the
color goes with any
suit or sports outfit.
Very rich-looking in
plain, wingtip or moc
toes. At R A, of
course, 22.00.
roos/atkins
■
I
■
a
INDIANS*
* i
■
1
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
V
■
■
■
f
Just the thing to add
that proper touch
of smartness to your
new suit, is a pair
of gleaming new
Standish cordovans.
Not only the toughest
leather known to man,
but it takes a magni
ficent shine and the
color goes with any
suit or sports outfit.
Very rich-looking in
plain, wingtip or moc
toes. At R A, of
course, 22.00.
roos/atkins
■
I
■
a
INDIANS*
* i
■
1
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
V
■
■
■
f
Just the thing to add
that proper touch
of smartness to your
new suit, is a pair
of gleaming new
Standish cordovans.
Not only the toughest
leather known to man,
but it takes a magni
ficent shine and the
color goes with any
suit or sports outfit.
Very rich-looking in
plain, wingtip or moc
toes. At R A, of
course, 22.00.
roos/atkins
■
I
■
a
INDIANS*
* i
■
1
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
V
■
■
■
f
Just the thing to add
that proper touch
of smartness to your
new suit, is a pair
of gleaming new
Standish cordovans.
Not only the toughest
leather known to man,
but it takes a magni
ficent shine and the
color goes with any
suit or sports outfit.
Very rich-looking in
plain, wingtip or moc
toes. At R A, of
course, 22.00.
roos/atkins
■
I
■
a
INDIANS*
* i
■
1
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
V
■
■
■
f
Just the thing to add
that proper touch
of smartness to your
new suit, is a pair
of gleaming new
Standish cordovans.
Not only the toughest
leather known to man,
but it takes a magni
ficent shine and the
color goes with any
suit or sports outfit.
Very rich-looking in
plain, wingtip or moc
toes. At R A, of
course, 22.00.
roos/atkins
■
I
■
a
INDIANS*
* i
■
1
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
V
■
■
■
f
Just the thing to add
that proper touch
of smartness to your
new suit, is a pair
of gleaming new
Standish cordovans.
Not only the toughest
leather known to man,
but it takes a magni
ficent shine and the
color goes with any
suit or sports outfit.
Very rich-looking in
plain, wingtip or moc
toes. At R A, of
course, 22.00.
roos/atkins
■
I
■
a
INDIANS*
* i
■
1
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
V
■
■
■
f
Just the thing to add
that proper touch
of smartness to your
new suit, is a pair
of gleaming new
Standish cordovans.
Not only the toughest
leather known to man,
but it takes a magni
ficent shine and the
color goes with any
suit or sports outfit.
Very rich-looking in
plain, wingtip or moc
toes. At R A, of
course, 22.00.
roos/atkins
■
I
■
a
INDIANS*
* i
■
1
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
V
■
■
■
f
Just the thing to add
that proper touch
of smartness to your
new suit, is a pair
of gleaming new
Standish cordovans.
Not only the toughest
leather known to man,
but it takes a magni
ficent shine and the
color goes with any
suit or sports outfit.
Very rich-looking in
plain, wingtip or moc
toes. At R A, of
course, 22.00.
roos/atkins
■
I
■
a
INDIANS*
* i
■
1
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
V
■
■
■
f
Just the thing to add
that proper touch
of smartness to your
new suit, is a pair
of gleaming new
Standish cordovans.
Not only the toughest
leather known to man,
but it takes a magni
ficent shine and the
color goes with any
suit or sports outfit.
Very rich-looking in
plain, wingtip or moc
toes. At R A, of
course, 22.00.
roos/atkins
■
I
■
a
INDIANS*
* i
■
1
■
I
■
■
■
I
■
V
■
■
■
f
Just the thing to add
that proper touch
of smartness to your
new suit, is a pair
of gleaming new
Standish cordovans.
Not only the toughest
leather known to man,
but it takes a magni
ficent shine and the
color goes with any
suit or sports outfit.
Very rich-looking in
plain, wingtip or moc
toes. At R A, of
course, 22.00.
roos/atkins
■
I
■
a
