# Tarr Named Assistant Dean
## 
### 
Curtis W. Tarr lias been ap
pointed assistant dean of the
School of Humanities and Sci
ences, President Wallace Sterling
announced Friday.
A Stanford graduate, Tarr has
served for two years on the Pro
vost's staff hero. He is a former
instructor in business administra
tion at Harvard and lecturer at
Chico State College.
In his new position, Tarr will
supervise the school’s budgetary
operation and assist in the devel
opment of new academic facili
ties.
Ho graduated from Stanford in
1948, receiving an A.B. in Econ
omics and a PhD. in history this
year. Tarr earned his M.B.A. at
Harvard in 1950.
Since September, 1961, he has
been serving as assistant director
of summer session and as an ad
ministrative assistant on the Pro
vost’s staff.


CURTIS W. TARR
