# Students View Majors Tonight
## 
### 
Tonight and tomorrow night in
Wilbur lounges, Stanford Today
and Tomorrow will present its an
nual Majors Program designed to
help undeclared students learn
about prospective majors and
compare related fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., the dis
cussions will feature talks by
faculty members from several
departments describing their de
partments, to be followed by
question periods.
SPEAKERS tonight, their de
partments, and locations are
James F. Hyde, German; and
Samuel E. Stokes, French, plus
one other speaker in the area of
foreign languages in the Arroyo
lounge; Gordon Wright, history,
A. A. Rogow, political science,
plus a speaker from the Econom
ics Department, in the Rinconada
lounge; Harold M. Bacon, mathe
matics: W. E. Meyerhof, physics;
Harry S. Mosher, chemistry; and
Edward L. Ginzton, engineering,
in the Junipero lounge.
Education as a major will be
discussed in the Trancos lounge
by Alfred H. Grommon, Dwight
W. Alien, and George W. How
ards. Grace E. Ringressy, nurs
ing: Donald Kennedy, biology and
Lyman M. Stowe, medicine, will
discuss their fields in the Soto
lounge,
TOMORROW night the fields
of philosophy, English, speech
and drama, humanities honors, so
ciology, psychology, art and ar
chitecture will be discussed plus
repeats of some of tonight’s pre
sentations.
Tonight and tomorrow night in
Wilbur lounges, Stanford Today
and Tomorrow will present its an
nual Majors Program designed to
help undeclared students learn
about prospective majors and
compare related fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., the dis
cussions will feature talks by
faculty members from several
departments describing their de
partments, to be followed by
question periods.
SPEAKERS tonight, their de
partments, and locations are
James F. Hyde, German; and
Samuel E. Stokes, French, plus
one other speaker in the area of
foreign languages in the Arroyo
lounge; Gordon Wright, history,
A. A. Rogow, political science,
plus a speaker from the Econom
ics Department, in the Rinconada
lounge; Harold M. Bacon, mathe
matics: W. E. Meyerhof, physics;
Harry S. Mosher, chemistry; and
Edward L. Ginzton, engineering,
in the Junipero lounge.
Education as a major will be
discussed in the Trancos lounge
by Alfred H. Grommon, Dwight
W. Alien, and George W. How
ards. Grace E. Ringressy, nurs
ing: Donald Kennedy, biology and
Lyman M. Stowe, medicine, will
discuss their fields in the Soto
lounge,
TOMORROW night the fields
of philosophy, English, speech
and drama, humanities honors, so
ciology, psychology, art and ar
chitecture will be discussed plus
repeats of some of tonight’s pre
sentations.
Tonight and tomorrow night in
Wilbur lounges, Stanford Today
and Tomorrow will present its an
nual Majors Program designed to
help undeclared students learn
about prospective majors and
compare related fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., the dis
cussions will feature talks by
faculty members from several
departments describing their de
partments, to be followed by
question periods.
SPEAKERS tonight, their de
partments, and locations are
James F. Hyde, German; and
Samuel E. Stokes, French, plus
one other speaker in the area of
foreign languages in the Arroyo
lounge; Gordon Wright, history,
A. A. Rogow, political science,
plus a speaker from the Econom
ics Department, in the Rinconada
lounge; Harold M. Bacon, mathe
matics: W. E. Meyerhof, physics;
Harry S. Mosher, chemistry; and
Edward L. Ginzton, engineering,
in the Junipero lounge.
Education as a major will be
discussed in the Trancos lounge
by Alfred H. Grommon, Dwight
W. Alien, and George W. How
ards. Grace E. Ringressy, nurs
ing: Donald Kennedy, biology and
Lyman M. Stowe, medicine, will
discuss their fields in the Soto
lounge,
TOMORROW night the fields
of philosophy, English, speech
and drama, humanities honors, so
ciology, psychology, art and ar
chitecture will be discussed plus
repeats of some of tonight’s pre
sentations.
Tonight and tomorrow night in
Wilbur lounges, Stanford Today
and Tomorrow will present its an
nual Majors Program designed to
help undeclared students learn
about prospective majors and
compare related fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., the dis
cussions will feature talks by
faculty members from several
departments describing their de
partments, to be followed by
question periods.
SPEAKERS tonight, their de
partments, and locations are
James F. Hyde, German; and
Samuel E. Stokes, French, plus
one other speaker in the area of
foreign languages in the Arroyo
lounge; Gordon Wright, history,
A. A. Rogow, political science,
plus a speaker from the Econom
ics Department, in the Rinconada
lounge; Harold M. Bacon, mathe
matics: W. E. Meyerhof, physics;
Harry S. Mosher, chemistry; and
Edward L. Ginzton, engineering,
in the Junipero lounge.
Education as a major will be
discussed in the Trancos lounge
by Alfred H. Grommon, Dwight
W. Alien, and George W. How
ards. Grace E. Ringressy, nurs
ing: Donald Kennedy, biology and
Lyman M. Stowe, medicine, will
discuss their fields in the Soto
lounge,
TOMORROW night the fields
of philosophy, English, speech
and drama, humanities honors, so
ciology, psychology, art and ar
chitecture will be discussed plus
repeats of some of tonight’s pre
sentations.
Tonight and tomorrow night in
Wilbur lounges, Stanford Today
and Tomorrow will present its an
nual Majors Program designed to
help undeclared students learn
about prospective majors and
compare related fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., the dis
cussions will feature talks by
faculty members from several
departments describing their de
partments, to be followed by
question periods.
SPEAKERS tonight, their de
partments, and locations are
James F. Hyde, German; and
Samuel E. Stokes, French, plus
one other speaker in the area of
foreign languages in the Arroyo
lounge; Gordon Wright, history,
A. A. Rogow, political science,
plus a speaker from the Econom
ics Department, in the Rinconada
lounge; Harold M. Bacon, mathe
matics: W. E. Meyerhof, physics;
Harry S. Mosher, chemistry; and
Edward L. Ginzton, engineering,
in the Junipero lounge.
Education as a major will be
discussed in the Trancos lounge
by Alfred H. Grommon, Dwight
W. Alien, and George W. How
ards. Grace E. Ringressy, nurs
ing: Donald Kennedy, biology and
Lyman M. Stowe, medicine, will
discuss their fields in the Soto
lounge,
TOMORROW night the fields
of philosophy, English, speech
and drama, humanities honors, so
ciology, psychology, art and ar
chitecture will be discussed plus
repeats of some of tonight’s pre
sentations.
Tonight and tomorrow night in
Wilbur lounges, Stanford Today
and Tomorrow will present its an
nual Majors Program designed to
help undeclared students learn
about prospective majors and
compare related fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., the dis
cussions will feature talks by
faculty members from several
departments describing their de
partments, to be followed by
question periods.
SPEAKERS tonight, their de
partments, and locations are
James F. Hyde, German; and
Samuel E. Stokes, French, plus
one other speaker in the area of
foreign languages in the Arroyo
lounge; Gordon Wright, history,
A. A. Rogow, political science,
plus a speaker from the Econom
ics Department, in the Rinconada
lounge; Harold M. Bacon, mathe
matics: W. E. Meyerhof, physics;
Harry S. Mosher, chemistry; and
Edward L. Ginzton, engineering,
in the Junipero lounge.
Education as a major will be
discussed in the Trancos lounge
by Alfred H. Grommon, Dwight
W. Alien, and George W. How
ards. Grace E. Ringressy, nurs
ing: Donald Kennedy, biology and
Lyman M. Stowe, medicine, will
discuss their fields in the Soto
lounge,
TOMORROW night the fields
of philosophy, English, speech
and drama, humanities honors, so
ciology, psychology, art and ar
chitecture will be discussed plus
repeats of some of tonight’s pre
sentations.
Tonight and tomorrow night in
Wilbur lounges, Stanford Today
and Tomorrow will present its an
nual Majors Program designed to
help undeclared students learn
about prospective majors and
compare related fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., the dis
cussions will feature talks by
faculty members from several
departments describing their de
partments, to be followed by
question periods.
SPEAKERS tonight, their de
partments, and locations are
James F. Hyde, German; and
Samuel E. Stokes, French, plus
one other speaker in the area of
foreign languages in the Arroyo
lounge; Gordon Wright, history,
A. A. Rogow, political science,
plus a speaker from the Econom
ics Department, in the Rinconada
lounge; Harold M. Bacon, mathe
matics: W. E. Meyerhof, physics;
Harry S. Mosher, chemistry; and
Edward L. Ginzton, engineering,
in the Junipero lounge.
Education as a major will be
discussed in the Trancos lounge
by Alfred H. Grommon, Dwight
W. Alien, and George W. How
ards. Grace E. Ringressy, nurs
ing: Donald Kennedy, biology and
Lyman M. Stowe, medicine, will
discuss their fields in the Soto
lounge,
TOMORROW night the fields
of philosophy, English, speech
and drama, humanities honors, so
ciology, psychology, art and ar
chitecture will be discussed plus
repeats of some of tonight’s pre
sentations.
Tonight and tomorrow night in
Wilbur lounges, Stanford Today
and Tomorrow will present its an
nual Majors Program designed to
help undeclared students learn
about prospective majors and
compare related fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., the dis
cussions will feature talks by
faculty members from several
departments describing their de
partments, to be followed by
question periods.
SPEAKERS tonight, their de
partments, and locations are
James F. Hyde, German; and
Samuel E. Stokes, French, plus
one other speaker in the area of
foreign languages in the Arroyo
lounge; Gordon Wright, history,
A. A. Rogow, political science,
plus a speaker from the Econom
ics Department, in the Rinconada
lounge; Harold M. Bacon, mathe
matics: W. E. Meyerhof, physics;
Harry S. Mosher, chemistry; and
Edward L. Ginzton, engineering,
in the Junipero lounge.
Education as a major will be
discussed in the Trancos lounge
by Alfred H. Grommon, Dwight
W. Alien, and George W. How
ards. Grace E. Ringressy, nurs
ing: Donald Kennedy, biology and
Lyman M. Stowe, medicine, will
discuss their fields in the Soto
lounge,
TOMORROW night the fields
of philosophy, English, speech
and drama, humanities honors, so
ciology, psychology, art and ar
chitecture will be discussed plus
repeats of some of tonight’s pre
sentations.
Tonight and tomorrow night in
Wilbur lounges, Stanford Today
and Tomorrow will present its an
nual Majors Program designed to
help undeclared students learn
about prospective majors and
compare related fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., the dis
cussions will feature talks by
faculty members from several
departments describing their de
partments, to be followed by
question periods.
SPEAKERS tonight, their de
partments, and locations are
James F. Hyde, German; and
Samuel E. Stokes, French, plus
one other speaker in the area of
foreign languages in the Arroyo
lounge; Gordon Wright, history,
A. A. Rogow, political science,
plus a speaker from the Econom
ics Department, in the Rinconada
lounge; Harold M. Bacon, mathe
matics: W. E. Meyerhof, physics;
Harry S. Mosher, chemistry; and
Edward L. Ginzton, engineering,
in the Junipero lounge.
Education as a major will be
discussed in the Trancos lounge
by Alfred H. Grommon, Dwight
W. Alien, and George W. How
ards. Grace E. Ringressy, nurs
ing: Donald Kennedy, biology and
Lyman M. Stowe, medicine, will
discuss their fields in the Soto
lounge,
TOMORROW night the fields
of philosophy, English, speech
and drama, humanities honors, so
ciology, psychology, art and ar
chitecture will be discussed plus
repeats of some of tonight’s pre
sentations.
Tonight and tomorrow night in
Wilbur lounges, Stanford Today
and Tomorrow will present its an
nual Majors Program designed to
help undeclared students learn
about prospective majors and
compare related fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., the dis
cussions will feature talks by
faculty members from several
departments describing their de
partments, to be followed by
question periods.
SPEAKERS tonight, their de
partments, and locations are
James F. Hyde, German; and
Samuel E. Stokes, French, plus
one other speaker in the area of
foreign languages in the Arroyo
lounge; Gordon Wright, history,
A. A. Rogow, political science,
plus a speaker from the Econom
ics Department, in the Rinconada
lounge; Harold M. Bacon, mathe
matics: W. E. Meyerhof, physics;
Harry S. Mosher, chemistry; and
Edward L. Ginzton, engineering,
in the Junipero lounge.
Education as a major will be
discussed in the Trancos lounge
by Alfred H. Grommon, Dwight
W. Alien, and George W. How
ards. Grace E. Ringressy, nurs
ing: Donald Kennedy, biology and
Lyman M. Stowe, medicine, will
discuss their fields in the Soto
lounge,
TOMORROW night the fields
of philosophy, English, speech
and drama, humanities honors, so
ciology, psychology, art and ar
chitecture will be discussed plus
repeats of some of tonight’s pre
sentations.
Tonight and tomorrow night in
Wilbur lounges, Stanford Today
and Tomorrow will present its an
nual Majors Program designed to
help undeclared students learn
about prospective majors and
compare related fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., the dis
cussions will feature talks by
faculty members from several
departments describing their de
partments, to be followed by
question periods.
SPEAKERS tonight, their de
partments, and locations are
James F. Hyde, German; and
Samuel E. Stokes, French, plus
one other speaker in the area of
foreign languages in the Arroyo
lounge; Gordon Wright, history,
A. A. Rogow, political science,
plus a speaker from the Econom
ics Department, in the Rinconada
lounge; Harold M. Bacon, mathe
matics: W. E. Meyerhof, physics;
Harry S. Mosher, chemistry; and
Edward L. Ginzton, engineering,
in the Junipero lounge.
Education as a major will be
discussed in the Trancos lounge
by Alfred H. Grommon, Dwight
W. Alien, and George W. How
ards. Grace E. Ringressy, nurs
ing: Donald Kennedy, biology and
Lyman M. Stowe, medicine, will
discuss their fields in the Soto
lounge,
TOMORROW night the fields
of philosophy, English, speech
and drama, humanities honors, so
ciology, psychology, art and ar
chitecture will be discussed plus
repeats of some of tonight’s pre
sentations.
Tonight and tomorrow night in
Wilbur lounges, Stanford Today
and Tomorrow will present its an
nual Majors Program designed to
help undeclared students learn
about prospective majors and
compare related fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., the dis
cussions will feature talks by
faculty members from several
departments describing their de
partments, to be followed by
question periods.
SPEAKERS tonight, their de
partments, and locations are
James F. Hyde, German; and
Samuel E. Stokes, French, plus
one other speaker in the area of
foreign languages in the Arroyo
lounge; Gordon Wright, history,
A. A. Rogow, political science,
plus a speaker from the Econom
ics Department, in the Rinconada
lounge; Harold M. Bacon, mathe
matics: W. E. Meyerhof, physics;
Harry S. Mosher, chemistry; and
Edward L. Ginzton, engineering,
in the Junipero lounge.
Education as a major will be
discussed in the Trancos lounge
by Alfred H. Grommon, Dwight
W. Alien, and George W. How
ards. Grace E. Ringressy, nurs
ing: Donald Kennedy, biology and
Lyman M. Stowe, medicine, will
discuss their fields in the Soto
lounge,
TOMORROW night the fields
of philosophy, English, speech
and drama, humanities honors, so
ciology, psychology, art and ar
chitecture will be discussed plus
repeats of some of tonight’s pre
sentations.
Tonight and tomorrow night in
Wilbur lounges, Stanford Today
and Tomorrow will present its an
nual Majors Program designed to
help undeclared students learn
about prospective majors and
compare related fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., the dis
cussions will feature talks by
faculty members from several
departments describing their de
partments, to be followed by
question periods.
SPEAKERS tonight, their de
partments, and locations are
James F. Hyde, German; and
Samuel E. Stokes, French, plus
one other speaker in the area of
foreign languages in the Arroyo
lounge; Gordon Wright, history,
A. A. Rogow, political science,
plus a speaker from the Econom
ics Department, in the Rinconada
lounge; Harold M. Bacon, mathe
matics: W. E. Meyerhof, physics;
Harry S. Mosher, chemistry; and
Edward L. Ginzton, engineering,
in the Junipero lounge.
Education as a major will be
discussed in the Trancos lounge
by Alfred H. Grommon, Dwight
W. Alien, and George W. How
ards. Grace E. Ringressy, nurs
ing: Donald Kennedy, biology and
Lyman M. Stowe, medicine, will
discuss their fields in the Soto
lounge,
TOMORROW night the fields
of philosophy, English, speech
and drama, humanities honors, so
ciology, psychology, art and ar
chitecture will be discussed plus
repeats of some of tonight’s pre
sentations.
Tonight and tomorrow night in
Wilbur lounges, Stanford Today
and Tomorrow will present its an
nual Majors Program designed to
help undeclared students learn
about prospective majors and
compare related fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., the dis
cussions will feature talks by
faculty members from several
departments describing their de
partments, to be followed by
question periods.
SPEAKERS tonight, their de
partments, and locations are
James F. Hyde, German; and
Samuel E. Stokes, French, plus
one other speaker in the area of
foreign languages in the Arroyo
lounge; Gordon Wright, history,
A. A. Rogow, political science,
plus a speaker from the Econom
ics Department, in the Rinconada
lounge; Harold M. Bacon, mathe
matics: W. E. Meyerhof, physics;
Harry S. Mosher, chemistry; and
Edward L. Ginzton, engineering,
in the Junipero lounge.
Education as a major will be
discussed in the Trancos lounge
by Alfred H. Grommon, Dwight
W. Alien, and George W. How
ards. Grace E. Ringressy, nurs
ing: Donald Kennedy, biology and
Lyman M. Stowe, medicine, will
discuss their fields in the Soto
lounge,
TOMORROW night the fields
of philosophy, English, speech
and drama, humanities honors, so
ciology, psychology, art and ar
chitecture will be discussed plus
repeats of some of tonight’s pre
sentations.
Tonight and tomorrow night in
Wilbur lounges, Stanford Today
and Tomorrow will present its an
nual Majors Program designed to
help undeclared students learn
about prospective majors and
compare related fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., the dis
cussions will feature talks by
faculty members from several
departments describing their de
partments, to be followed by
question periods.
SPEAKERS tonight, their de
partments, and locations are
James F. Hyde, German; and
Samuel E. Stokes, French, plus
one other speaker in the area of
foreign languages in the Arroyo
lounge; Gordon Wright, history,
A. A. Rogow, political science,
plus a speaker from the Econom
ics Department, in the Rinconada
lounge; Harold M. Bacon, mathe
matics: W. E. Meyerhof, physics;
Harry S. Mosher, chemistry; and
Edward L. Ginzton, engineering,
in the Junipero lounge.
Education as a major will be
discussed in the Trancos lounge
by Alfred H. Grommon, Dwight
W. Alien, and George W. How
ards. Grace E. Ringressy, nurs
ing: Donald Kennedy, biology and
Lyman M. Stowe, medicine, will
discuss their fields in the Soto
lounge,
TOMORROW night the fields
of philosophy, English, speech
and drama, humanities honors, so
ciology, psychology, art and ar
chitecture will be discussed plus
repeats of some of tonight’s pre
sentations.
Tonight and tomorrow night in
Wilbur lounges, Stanford Today
and Tomorrow will present its an
nual Majors Program designed to
help undeclared students learn
about prospective majors and
compare related fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., the dis
cussions will feature talks by
faculty members from several
departments describing their de
partments, to be followed by
question periods.
SPEAKERS tonight, their de
partments, and locations are
James F. Hyde, German; and
Samuel E. Stokes, French, plus
one other speaker in the area of
foreign languages in the Arroyo
lounge; Gordon Wright, history,
A. A. Rogow, political science,
plus a speaker from the Econom
ics Department, in the Rinconada
lounge; Harold M. Bacon, mathe
matics: W. E. Meyerhof, physics;
Harry S. Mosher, chemistry; and
Edward L. Ginzton, engineering,
in the Junipero lounge.
Education as a major will be
discussed in the Trancos lounge
by Alfred H. Grommon, Dwight
W. Alien, and George W. How
ards. Grace E. Ringressy, nurs
ing: Donald Kennedy, biology and
Lyman M. Stowe, medicine, will
discuss their fields in the Soto
lounge,
TOMORROW night the fields
of philosophy, English, speech
and drama, humanities honors, so
ciology, psychology, art and ar
chitecture will be discussed plus
repeats of some of tonight’s pre
sentations.
Tonight and tomorrow night in
Wilbur lounges, Stanford Today
and Tomorrow will present its an
nual Majors Program designed to
help undeclared students learn
about prospective majors and
compare related fields.
Beginning at 7 p.m., the dis
cussions will feature talks by
faculty members from several
departments describing their de
partments, to be followed by
question periods.
SPEAKERS tonight, their de
partments, and locations are
James F. Hyde, German; and
Samuel E. Stokes, French, plus
one other speaker in the area of
foreign languages in the Arroyo
lounge; Gordon Wright, history,
A. A. Rogow, political science,
plus a speaker from the Econom
ics Department, in the Rinconada
lounge; Harold M. Bacon, mathe
matics: W. E. Meyerhof, physics;
Harry S. Mosher, chemistry; and
Edward L. Ginzton, engineering,
in the Junipero lounge.
Education as a major will be
discussed in the Trancos lounge
by Alfred H. Grommon, Dwight
W. Alien, and George W. How
ards. Grace E. Ringressy, nurs
ing: Donald Kennedy, biology and
Lyman M. Stowe, medicine, will
discuss their fields in the Soto
lounge,
TOMORROW night the fields
of philosophy, English, speech
and drama, humanities honors, so
ciology, psychology, art and ar
chitecture will be discussed plus
repeats of some of tonight’s pre
sentations.
