# SETS SWIM RECORD
## 
### 
DETROIT, April 15 (/P). —Eleanor
Hold Jarrett broke two of her own
American back stroke records here
today in one race against time. She
clocked 2:51 in the 200-meter event.
DETROIT, April 15 (/P). —Eleanor
Hold Jarrett broke two of her own
American back stroke records here
today in one race against time. She
clocked 2:51 in the 200-meter event.
DETROIT, April 15 (/P). —Eleanor
Hold Jarrett broke two of her own
American back stroke records here
today in one race against time. She
clocked 2:51 in the 200-meter event.
DETROIT, April 15 (/P). —Eleanor
Hold Jarrett broke two of her own
American back stroke records here
today in one race against time. She
clocked 2:51 in the 200-meter event.
DETROIT, April 15 (/P). —Eleanor
Hold Jarrett broke two of her own
American back stroke records here
today in one race against time. She
clocked 2:51 in the 200-meter event.
DETROIT, April 15 (/P). —Eleanor
Hold Jarrett broke two of her own
American back stroke records here
today in one race against time. She
clocked 2:51 in the 200-meter event.
DETROIT, April 15 (/P). —Eleanor
Hold Jarrett broke two of her own
American back stroke records here
today in one race against time. She
clocked 2:51 in the 200-meter event.
DETROIT, April 15 (/P). —Eleanor
Hold Jarrett broke two of her own
American back stroke records here
today in one race against time. She
clocked 2:51 in the 200-meter event.
DETROIT, April 15 (/P). —Eleanor
Hold Jarrett broke two of her own
American back stroke records here
today in one race against time. She
clocked 2:51 in the 200-meter event.
DETROIT, April 15 (/P). —Eleanor
Hold Jarrett broke two of her own
American back stroke records here
today in one race against time. She
clocked 2:51 in the 200-meter event.
DETROIT, April 15 (/P). —Eleanor
Hold Jarrett broke two of her own
American back stroke records here
today in one race against time. She
clocked 2:51 in the 200-meter event.
DETROIT, April 15 (/P). —Eleanor
Hold Jarrett broke two of her own
American back stroke records here
today in one race against time. She
clocked 2:51 in the 200-meter event.
DETROIT, April 15 (/P). —Eleanor
Hold Jarrett broke two of her own
American back stroke records here
today in one race against time. She
clocked 2:51 in the 200-meter event.
DETROIT, April 15 (/P). —Eleanor
Hold Jarrett broke two of her own
American back stroke records here
today in one race against time. She
clocked 2:51 in the 200-meter event.
DETROIT, April 15 (/P). —Eleanor
Hold Jarrett broke two of her own
American back stroke records here
today in one race against time. She
clocked 2:51 in the 200-meter event.
