# CALLS OUT GUARDS
## 
### 
OKLAHOMA CITY, April 15 (/P).
—"Alfalfa Bill" Murray's national
guardsmen went on duty in about a
dozen counties of Oklahoma to pre
vent resales of property for delin
quent taxes tomorrow and to arrest
any county treasurer who attempts
to hold a sale.
OKLAHOMA CITY, April 15 (/P).
—"Alfalfa Bill" Murray's national
guardsmen went on duty in about a
dozen counties of Oklahoma to pre
vent resales of property for delin
quent taxes tomorrow and to arrest
any county treasurer who attempts
to hold a sale.
OKLAHOMA CITY, April 15 (/P).
—"Alfalfa Bill" Murray's national
guardsmen went on duty in about a
dozen counties of Oklahoma to pre
vent resales of property for delin
quent taxes tomorrow and to arrest
any county treasurer who attempts
to hold a sale.
OKLAHOMA CITY, April 15 (/P).
—"Alfalfa Bill" Murray's national
guardsmen went on duty in about a
dozen counties of Oklahoma to pre
vent resales of property for delin
quent taxes tomorrow and to arrest
any county treasurer who attempts
to hold a sale.
OKLAHOMA CITY, April 15 (/P).
—"Alfalfa Bill" Murray's national
guardsmen went on duty in about a
dozen counties of Oklahoma to pre
vent resales of property for delin
quent taxes tomorrow and to arrest
any county treasurer who attempts
to hold a sale.
OKLAHOMA CITY, April 15 (/P).
—"Alfalfa Bill" Murray's national
guardsmen went on duty in about a
dozen counties of Oklahoma to pre
vent resales of property for delin
quent taxes tomorrow and to arrest
any county treasurer who attempts
to hold a sale.
OKLAHOMA CITY, April 15 (/P).
—"Alfalfa Bill" Murray's national
guardsmen went on duty in about a
dozen counties of Oklahoma to pre
vent resales of property for delin
quent taxes tomorrow and to arrest
any county treasurer who attempts
to hold a sale.
OKLAHOMA CITY, April 15 (/P).
—"Alfalfa Bill" Murray's national
guardsmen went on duty in about a
dozen counties of Oklahoma to pre
vent resales of property for delin
quent taxes tomorrow and to arrest
any county treasurer who attempts
to hold a sale.
OKLAHOMA CITY, April 15 (/P).
—"Alfalfa Bill" Murray's national
guardsmen went on duty in about a
dozen counties of Oklahoma to pre
vent resales of property for delin
quent taxes tomorrow and to arrest
any county treasurer who attempts
to hold a sale.
OKLAHOMA CITY, April 15 (/P).
—"Alfalfa Bill" Murray's national
guardsmen went on duty in about a
dozen counties of Oklahoma to pre
vent resales of property for delin
quent taxes tomorrow and to arrest
any county treasurer who attempts
to hold a sale.
OKLAHOMA CITY, April 15 (/P).
—"Alfalfa Bill" Murray's national
guardsmen went on duty in about a
dozen counties of Oklahoma to pre
vent resales of property for delin
quent taxes tomorrow and to arrest
any county treasurer who attempts
to hold a sale.
OKLAHOMA CITY, April 15 (/P).
—"Alfalfa Bill" Murray's national
guardsmen went on duty in about a
dozen counties of Oklahoma to pre
vent resales of property for delin
quent taxes tomorrow and to arrest
any county treasurer who attempts
to hold a sale.
OKLAHOMA CITY, April 15 (/P).
—"Alfalfa Bill" Murray's national
guardsmen went on duty in about a
dozen counties of Oklahoma to pre
vent resales of property for delin
quent taxes tomorrow and to arrest
any county treasurer who attempts
to hold a sale.
OKLAHOMA CITY, April 15 (/P).
—"Alfalfa Bill" Murray's national
guardsmen went on duty in about a
dozen counties of Oklahoma to pre
vent resales of property for delin
quent taxes tomorrow and to arrest
any county treasurer who attempts
to hold a sale.
OKLAHOMA CITY, April 15 (/P).
—"Alfalfa Bill" Murray's national
guardsmen went on duty in about a
dozen counties of Oklahoma to pre
vent resales of property for delin
quent taxes tomorrow and to arrest
any county treasurer who attempts
to hold a sale.
