# WORKERS TO REPORT
## 
### 
All students doing CWA student
work must get release cards from
Mrs. Irene Spenner at the student
employment office today* or tomor
row afternoon. ,
All students doing CWA student
work must get release cards from
Mrs. Irene Spenner at the student
employment office today* or tomor
row afternoon. ,
All students doing CWA student
work must get release cards from
Mrs. Irene Spenner at the student
employment office today* or tomor
row afternoon. ,
All students doing CWA student
work must get release cards from
Mrs. Irene Spenner at the student
employment office today* or tomor
row afternoon. ,
All students doing CWA student
work must get release cards from
Mrs. Irene Spenner at the student
employment office today* or tomor
row afternoon. ,
All students doing CWA student
work must get release cards from
Mrs. Irene Spenner at the student
employment office today* or tomor
row afternoon. ,
All students doing CWA student
work must get release cards from
Mrs. Irene Spenner at the student
employment office today* or tomor
row afternoon. ,
All students doing CWA student
work must get release cards from
Mrs. Irene Spenner at the student
employment office today* or tomor
row afternoon. ,
All students doing CWA student
work must get release cards from
Mrs. Irene Spenner at the student
employment office today* or tomor
row afternoon. ,
All students doing CWA student
work must get release cards from
Mrs. Irene Spenner at the student
employment office today* or tomor
row afternoon. ,
All students doing CWA student
work must get release cards from
Mrs. Irene Spenner at the student
employment office today* or tomor
row afternoon. ,
All students doing CWA student
work must get release cards from
Mrs. Irene Spenner at the student
employment office today* or tomor
row afternoon. ,
All students doing CWA student
work must get release cards from
Mrs. Irene Spenner at the student
employment office today* or tomor
row afternoon. ,
All students doing CWA student
work must get release cards from
Mrs. Irene Spenner at the student
employment office today* or tomor
row afternoon. ,
All students doing CWA student
work must get release cards from
Mrs. Irene Spenner at the student
employment office today* or tomor
row afternoon. ,
