# INSULL DENIES FLIGHT
## 
### 
S.S. EXILONA, At Sea, April 15
(TP). —Samuel Insull declared today
he did not "run away" when he leit
Chicago nearly two years ago for
foreign parts.
S.S. EXILONA, At Sea, April 15
(TP). —Samuel Insull declared today
he did not "run away" when he leit
Chicago nearly two years ago for
foreign parts.
S.S. EXILONA, At Sea, April 15
(TP). —Samuel Insull declared today
he did not "run away" when he leit
Chicago nearly two years ago for
foreign parts.
S.S. EXILONA, At Sea, April 15
(TP). —Samuel Insull declared today
he did not "run away" when he leit
Chicago nearly two years ago for
foreign parts.
S.S. EXILONA, At Sea, April 15
(TP). —Samuel Insull declared today
he did not "run away" when he leit
Chicago nearly two years ago for
foreign parts.
S.S. EXILONA, At Sea, April 15
(TP). —Samuel Insull declared today
he did not "run away" when he leit
Chicago nearly two years ago for
foreign parts.
S.S. EXILONA, At Sea, April 15
(TP). —Samuel Insull declared today
he did not "run away" when he leit
Chicago nearly two years ago for
foreign parts.
S.S. EXILONA, At Sea, April 15
(TP). —Samuel Insull declared today
he did not "run away" when he leit
Chicago nearly two years ago for
foreign parts.
S.S. EXILONA, At Sea, April 15
(TP). —Samuel Insull declared today
he did not "run away" when he leit
Chicago nearly two years ago for
foreign parts.
S.S. EXILONA, At Sea, April 15
(TP). —Samuel Insull declared today
he did not "run away" when he leit
Chicago nearly two years ago for
foreign parts.
S.S. EXILONA, At Sea, April 15
(TP). —Samuel Insull declared today
he did not "run away" when he leit
Chicago nearly two years ago for
foreign parts.
S.S. EXILONA, At Sea, April 15
(TP). —Samuel Insull declared today
he did not "run away" when he leit
Chicago nearly two years ago for
foreign parts.
S.S. EXILONA, At Sea, April 15
(TP). —Samuel Insull declared today
he did not "run away" when he leit
Chicago nearly two years ago for
foreign parts.
S.S. EXILONA, At Sea, April 15
(TP). —Samuel Insull declared today
he did not "run away" when he leit
Chicago nearly two years ago for
foreign parts.
S.S. EXILONA, At Sea, April 15
(TP). —Samuel Insull declared today
he did not "run away" when he leit
Chicago nearly two years ago for
foreign parts.
