# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of C. Y. Fay '55 to Mar
shall Walter, Harvard '55.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of C. Y. Fay '55 to Mar
shall Walter, Harvard '55.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of C. Y. Fay '55 to Mar
shall Walter, Harvard '55.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of C. Y. Fay '55 to Mar
shall Walter, Harvard '55.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of C. Y. Fay '55 to Mar
shall Walter, Harvard '55.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of C. Y. Fay '55 to Mar
shall Walter, Harvard '55.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of C. Y. Fay '55 to Mar
shall Walter, Harvard '55.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of C. Y. Fay '55 to Mar
shall Walter, Harvard '55.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of C. Y. Fay '55 to Mar
shall Walter, Harvard '55.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of C. Y. Fay '55 to Mar
shall Walter, Harvard '55.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of C. Y. Fay '55 to Mar
shall Walter, Harvard '55.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of C. Y. Fay '55 to Mar
shall Walter, Harvard '55.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of C. Y. Fay '55 to Mar
shall Walter, Harvard '55.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of C. Y. Fay '55 to Mar
shall Walter, Harvard '55.
Guthrie House announces the en
gagement of C. Y. Fay '55 to Mar
shall Walter, Harvard '55.
