# Correction
## 
### 
In "Panels discuss ideas for a
better Internet" (Jan. 19), The
Daily incorrectly attributed a re
mark from a panel on human-rights
media to Camille Fletcher J.D. 'l3.
The remark should have been at
tributed to Eric Fletcher of Har
vard.
In "Panels discuss ideas for a
better Internet" (Jan. 19), The
Daily incorrectly attributed a re
mark from a panel on human-rights
media to Camille Fletcher J.D. 'l3.
The remark should have been at
tributed to Eric Fletcher of Har
vard.
In "Panels discuss ideas for a
better Internet" (Jan. 19), The
Daily incorrectly attributed a re
mark from a panel on human-rights
media to Camille Fletcher J.D. 'l3.
The remark should have been at
tributed to Eric Fletcher of Har
vard.
In "Panels discuss ideas for a
better Internet" (Jan. 19), The
Daily incorrectly attributed a re
mark from a panel on human-rights
media to Camille Fletcher J.D. 'l3.
The remark should have been at
tributed to Eric Fletcher of Har
vard.
In "Panels discuss ideas for a
better Internet" (Jan. 19), The
Daily incorrectly attributed a re
mark from a panel on human-rights
media to Camille Fletcher J.D. 'l3.
The remark should have been at
tributed to Eric Fletcher of Har
vard.
In "Panels discuss ideas for a
better Internet" (Jan. 19), The
Daily incorrectly attributed a re
mark from a panel on human-rights
media to Camille Fletcher J.D. 'l3.
The remark should have been at
tributed to Eric Fletcher of Har
vard.
In "Panels discuss ideas for a
better Internet" (Jan. 19), The
Daily incorrectly attributed a re
mark from a panel on human-rights
media to Camille Fletcher J.D. 'l3.
The remark should have been at
tributed to Eric Fletcher of Har
vard.
