# Bansbach Elected Captain.
## 
### 
At a meeting of the Freshman
footbail men last night, L.'P. Bans
bach was elected captain of the
team, lie has been acting captain,
and his election is a lilting reward
for his consistent work at quarter.
He is registered in the Chemistry
department from Denver, where he
played quarter on the high school
team for two years.
At a meeting of the Freshman
footbail men last night, L.'P. Bans
bach was elected captain of the
team, lie has been acting captain,
and his election is a lilting reward
for his consistent work at quarter.
He is registered in the Chemistry
department from Denver, where he
played quarter on the high school
team for two years.
At a meeting of the Freshman
footbail men last night, L.'P. Bans
bach was elected captain of the
team, lie has been acting captain,
and his election is a lilting reward
for his consistent work at quarter.
He is registered in the Chemistry
department from Denver, where he
played quarter on the high school
team for two years.
At a meeting of the Freshman
footbail men last night, L.'P. Bans
bach was elected captain of the
team, lie has been acting captain,
and his election is a lilting reward
for his consistent work at quarter.
He is registered in the Chemistry
department from Denver, where he
played quarter on the high school
team for two years.
At a meeting of the Freshman
footbail men last night, L.'P. Bans
bach was elected captain of the
team, lie has been acting captain,
and his election is a lilting reward
for his consistent work at quarter.
He is registered in the Chemistry
department from Denver, where he
played quarter on the high school
team for two years.
At a meeting of the Freshman
footbail men last night, L.'P. Bans
bach was elected captain of the
team, lie has been acting captain,
and his election is a lilting reward
for his consistent work at quarter.
He is registered in the Chemistry
department from Denver, where he
played quarter on the high school
team for two years.
At a meeting of the Freshman
footbail men last night, L.'P. Bans
bach was elected captain of the
team, lie has been acting captain,
and his election is a lilting reward
for his consistent work at quarter.
He is registered in the Chemistry
department from Denver, where he
played quarter on the high school
team for two years.
