# War Extension Feared Nearing
## 
### United Press 
Extension of the war in Europe to
new fronts appeared imminent
Thursday night while in the Far
East jittery diplomats awaited de
velopments of the "utmost gravity."
Where the new war fronts might
be still was anybody's guess, but.
there were signs of impending war
moves from the Balkans to the Far
East.
The international situation, stud
ded with a flood of rumors, was
high-lighted by these develop
ments:
1. Reports of an impending Brit
ish-Bulgarian diplomatic break, fol
lowing recall of the British minis
ter from Rumania, spread through
the Balkans.
2. Jugoslavia's premier and for
eign minister were reported en route
to Salzburg for conferences with
Nazi Foreign Minister Joachim von
Ribbentrop to clarify the Belgrade
government's attitude toward the
Axis.
3. Generalissimo Francisco Franco
of Spain was said to have rejected
Benito Mussolini's request that
Spain enter the war—a request be
lieved to have been based on an
Axis desire to pave the way for a
blow at British Gibraltar.
Extension of the war in Europe to
new fronts appeared imminent
Thursday night while in the Far
East jittery diplomats awaited de
velopments of the "utmost gravity."
Where the new war fronts might
be still was anybody's guess, but.
there were signs of impending war
moves from the Balkans to the Far
East.
The international situation, stud
ded with a flood of rumors, was
high-lighted by these develop
ments:
1. Reports of an impending Brit
ish-Bulgarian diplomatic break, fol
lowing recall of the British minis
ter from Rumania, spread through
the Balkans.
2. Jugoslavia's premier and for
eign minister were reported en route
to Salzburg for conferences with
Nazi Foreign Minister Joachim von
Ribbentrop to clarify the Belgrade
government's attitude toward the
Axis.
3. Generalissimo Francisco Franco
of Spain was said to have rejected
Benito Mussolini's request that
Spain enter the war—a request be
lieved to have been based on an
Axis desire to pave the way for a
blow at British Gibraltar.
Extension of the war in Europe to
new fronts appeared imminent
Thursday night while in the Far
East jittery diplomats awaited de
velopments of the "utmost gravity."
Where the new war fronts might
be still was anybody's guess, but.
there were signs of impending war
moves from the Balkans to the Far
East.
The international situation, stud
ded with a flood of rumors, was
high-lighted by these develop
ments:
1. Reports of an impending Brit
ish-Bulgarian diplomatic break, fol
lowing recall of the British minis
ter from Rumania, spread through
the Balkans.
2. Jugoslavia's premier and for
eign minister were reported en route
to Salzburg for conferences with
Nazi Foreign Minister Joachim von
Ribbentrop to clarify the Belgrade
government's attitude toward the
Axis.
3. Generalissimo Francisco Franco
of Spain was said to have rejected
Benito Mussolini's request that
Spain enter the war—a request be
lieved to have been based on an
Axis desire to pave the way for a
blow at British Gibraltar.
Extension of the war in Europe to
new fronts appeared imminent
Thursday night while in the Far
East jittery diplomats awaited de
velopments of the "utmost gravity."
Where the new war fronts might
be still was anybody's guess, but.
there were signs of impending war
moves from the Balkans to the Far
East.
The international situation, stud
ded with a flood of rumors, was
high-lighted by these develop
ments:
1. Reports of an impending Brit
ish-Bulgarian diplomatic break, fol
lowing recall of the British minis
ter from Rumania, spread through
the Balkans.
2. Jugoslavia's premier and for
eign minister were reported en route
to Salzburg for conferences with
Nazi Foreign Minister Joachim von
Ribbentrop to clarify the Belgrade
government's attitude toward the
Axis.
3. Generalissimo Francisco Franco
of Spain was said to have rejected
Benito Mussolini's request that
Spain enter the war—a request be
lieved to have been based on an
Axis desire to pave the way for a
blow at British Gibraltar.
Extension of the war in Europe to
new fronts appeared imminent
Thursday night while in the Far
East jittery diplomats awaited de
velopments of the "utmost gravity."
Where the new war fronts might
be still was anybody's guess, but.
there were signs of impending war
moves from the Balkans to the Far
East.
The international situation, stud
ded with a flood of rumors, was
high-lighted by these develop
ments:
1. Reports of an impending Brit
ish-Bulgarian diplomatic break, fol
lowing recall of the British minis
ter from Rumania, spread through
the Balkans.
2. Jugoslavia's premier and for
eign minister were reported en route
to Salzburg for conferences with
Nazi Foreign Minister Joachim von
Ribbentrop to clarify the Belgrade
government's attitude toward the
Axis.
3. Generalissimo Francisco Franco
of Spain was said to have rejected
Benito Mussolini's request that
Spain enter the war—a request be
lieved to have been based on an
Axis desire to pave the way for a
blow at British Gibraltar.
Extension of the war in Europe to
new fronts appeared imminent
Thursday night while in the Far
East jittery diplomats awaited de
velopments of the "utmost gravity."
Where the new war fronts might
be still was anybody's guess, but.
there were signs of impending war
moves from the Balkans to the Far
East.
The international situation, stud
ded with a flood of rumors, was
high-lighted by these develop
ments:
1. Reports of an impending Brit
ish-Bulgarian diplomatic break, fol
lowing recall of the British minis
ter from Rumania, spread through
the Balkans.
2. Jugoslavia's premier and for
eign minister were reported en route
to Salzburg for conferences with
Nazi Foreign Minister Joachim von
Ribbentrop to clarify the Belgrade
government's attitude toward the
Axis.
3. Generalissimo Francisco Franco
of Spain was said to have rejected
Benito Mussolini's request that
Spain enter the war—a request be
lieved to have been based on an
Axis desire to pave the way for a
blow at British Gibraltar.
Extension of the war in Europe to
new fronts appeared imminent
Thursday night while in the Far
East jittery diplomats awaited de
velopments of the "utmost gravity."
Where the new war fronts might
be still was anybody's guess, but.
there were signs of impending war
moves from the Balkans to the Far
East.
The international situation, stud
ded with a flood of rumors, was
high-lighted by these develop
ments:
1. Reports of an impending Brit
ish-Bulgarian diplomatic break, fol
lowing recall of the British minis
ter from Rumania, spread through
the Balkans.
2. Jugoslavia's premier and for
eign minister were reported en route
to Salzburg for conferences with
Nazi Foreign Minister Joachim von
Ribbentrop to clarify the Belgrade
government's attitude toward the
Axis.
3. Generalissimo Francisco Franco
of Spain was said to have rejected
Benito Mussolini's request that
Spain enter the war—a request be
lieved to have been based on an
Axis desire to pave the way for a
blow at British Gibraltar.
Extension of the war in Europe to
new fronts appeared imminent
Thursday night while in the Far
East jittery diplomats awaited de
velopments of the "utmost gravity."
Where the new war fronts might
be still was anybody's guess, but.
there were signs of impending war
moves from the Balkans to the Far
East.
The international situation, stud
ded with a flood of rumors, was
high-lighted by these develop
ments:
1. Reports of an impending Brit
ish-Bulgarian diplomatic break, fol
lowing recall of the British minis
ter from Rumania, spread through
the Balkans.
2. Jugoslavia's premier and for
eign minister were reported en route
to Salzburg for conferences with
Nazi Foreign Minister Joachim von
Ribbentrop to clarify the Belgrade
government's attitude toward the
Axis.
3. Generalissimo Francisco Franco
of Spain was said to have rejected
Benito Mussolini's request that
Spain enter the war—a request be
lieved to have been based on an
Axis desire to pave the way for a
blow at British Gibraltar.
Extension of the war in Europe to
new fronts appeared imminent
Thursday night while in the Far
East jittery diplomats awaited de
velopments of the "utmost gravity."
Where the new war fronts might
be still was anybody's guess, but.
there were signs of impending war
moves from the Balkans to the Far
East.
The international situation, stud
ded with a flood of rumors, was
high-lighted by these develop
ments:
1. Reports of an impending Brit
ish-Bulgarian diplomatic break, fol
lowing recall of the British minis
ter from Rumania, spread through
the Balkans.
2. Jugoslavia's premier and for
eign minister were reported en route
to Salzburg for conferences with
Nazi Foreign Minister Joachim von
Ribbentrop to clarify the Belgrade
government's attitude toward the
Axis.
3. Generalissimo Francisco Franco
of Spain was said to have rejected
Benito Mussolini's request that
Spain enter the war—a request be
lieved to have been based on an
Axis desire to pave the way for a
blow at British Gibraltar.
Extension of the war in Europe to
new fronts appeared imminent
Thursday night while in the Far
East jittery diplomats awaited de
velopments of the "utmost gravity."
Where the new war fronts might
be still was anybody's guess, but.
there were signs of impending war
moves from the Balkans to the Far
East.
The international situation, stud
ded with a flood of rumors, was
high-lighted by these develop
ments:
1. Reports of an impending Brit
ish-Bulgarian diplomatic break, fol
lowing recall of the British minis
ter from Rumania, spread through
the Balkans.
2. Jugoslavia's premier and for
eign minister were reported en route
to Salzburg for conferences with
Nazi Foreign Minister Joachim von
Ribbentrop to clarify the Belgrade
government's attitude toward the
Axis.
3. Generalissimo Francisco Franco
of Spain was said to have rejected
Benito Mussolini's request that
Spain enter the war—a request be
lieved to have been based on an
Axis desire to pave the way for a
blow at British Gibraltar.
Extension of the war in Europe to
new fronts appeared imminent
Thursday night while in the Far
East jittery diplomats awaited de
velopments of the "utmost gravity."
Where the new war fronts might
be still was anybody's guess, but.
there were signs of impending war
moves from the Balkans to the Far
East.
The international situation, stud
ded with a flood of rumors, was
high-lighted by these develop
ments:
1. Reports of an impending Brit
ish-Bulgarian diplomatic break, fol
lowing recall of the British minis
ter from Rumania, spread through
the Balkans.
2. Jugoslavia's premier and for
eign minister were reported en route
to Salzburg for conferences with
Nazi Foreign Minister Joachim von
Ribbentrop to clarify the Belgrade
government's attitude toward the
Axis.
3. Generalissimo Francisco Franco
of Spain was said to have rejected
Benito Mussolini's request that
Spain enter the war—a request be
lieved to have been based on an
Axis desire to pave the way for a
blow at British Gibraltar.
Extension of the war in Europe to
new fronts appeared imminent
Thursday night while in the Far
East jittery diplomats awaited de
velopments of the "utmost gravity."
Where the new war fronts might
be still was anybody's guess, but.
there were signs of impending war
moves from the Balkans to the Far
East.
The international situation, stud
ded with a flood of rumors, was
high-lighted by these develop
ments:
1. Reports of an impending Brit
ish-Bulgarian diplomatic break, fol
lowing recall of the British minis
ter from Rumania, spread through
the Balkans.
2. Jugoslavia's premier and for
eign minister were reported en route
to Salzburg for conferences with
Nazi Foreign Minister Joachim von
Ribbentrop to clarify the Belgrade
government's attitude toward the
Axis.
3. Generalissimo Francisco Franco
of Spain was said to have rejected
Benito Mussolini's request that
Spain enter the war—a request be
lieved to have been based on an
Axis desire to pave the way for a
blow at British Gibraltar.
Extension of the war in Europe to
new fronts appeared imminent
Thursday night while in the Far
East jittery diplomats awaited de
velopments of the "utmost gravity."
Where the new war fronts might
be still was anybody's guess, but.
there were signs of impending war
moves from the Balkans to the Far
East.
The international situation, stud
ded with a flood of rumors, was
high-lighted by these develop
ments:
1. Reports of an impending Brit
ish-Bulgarian diplomatic break, fol
lowing recall of the British minis
ter from Rumania, spread through
the Balkans.
2. Jugoslavia's premier and for
eign minister were reported en route
to Salzburg for conferences with
Nazi Foreign Minister Joachim von
Ribbentrop to clarify the Belgrade
government's attitude toward the
Axis.
3. Generalissimo Francisco Franco
of Spain was said to have rejected
Benito Mussolini's request that
Spain enter the war—a request be
lieved to have been based on an
Axis desire to pave the way for a
blow at British Gibraltar.
Extension of the war in Europe to
new fronts appeared imminent
Thursday night while in the Far
East jittery diplomats awaited de
velopments of the "utmost gravity."
Where the new war fronts might
be still was anybody's guess, but.
there were signs of impending war
moves from the Balkans to the Far
East.
The international situation, stud
ded with a flood of rumors, was
high-lighted by these develop
ments:
1. Reports of an impending Brit
ish-Bulgarian diplomatic break, fol
lowing recall of the British minis
ter from Rumania, spread through
the Balkans.
2. Jugoslavia's premier and for
eign minister were reported en route
to Salzburg for conferences with
Nazi Foreign Minister Joachim von
Ribbentrop to clarify the Belgrade
government's attitude toward the
Axis.
3. Generalissimo Francisco Franco
of Spain was said to have rejected
Benito Mussolini's request that
Spain enter the war—a request be
lieved to have been based on an
Axis desire to pave the way for a
blow at British Gibraltar.
Extension of the war in Europe to
new fronts appeared imminent
Thursday night while in the Far
East jittery diplomats awaited de
velopments of the "utmost gravity."
Where the new war fronts might
be still was anybody's guess, but.
there were signs of impending war
moves from the Balkans to the Far
East.
The international situation, stud
ded with a flood of rumors, was
high-lighted by these develop
ments:
1. Reports of an impending Brit
ish-Bulgarian diplomatic break, fol
lowing recall of the British minis
ter from Rumania, spread through
the Balkans.
2. Jugoslavia's premier and for
eign minister were reported en route
to Salzburg for conferences with
Nazi Foreign Minister Joachim von
Ribbentrop to clarify the Belgrade
government's attitude toward the
Axis.
3. Generalissimo Francisco Franco
of Spain was said to have rejected
Benito Mussolini's request that
Spain enter the war—a request be
lieved to have been based on an
Axis desire to pave the way for a
blow at British Gibraltar.
Extension of the war in Europe to
new fronts appeared imminent
Thursday night while in the Far
East jittery diplomats awaited de
velopments of the "utmost gravity."
Where the new war fronts might
be still was anybody's guess, but.
there were signs of impending war
moves from the Balkans to the Far
East.
The international situation, stud
ded with a flood of rumors, was
high-lighted by these develop
ments:
1. Reports of an impending Brit
ish-Bulgarian diplomatic break, fol
lowing recall of the British minis
ter from Rumania, spread through
the Balkans.
2. Jugoslavia's premier and for
eign minister were reported en route
to Salzburg for conferences with
Nazi Foreign Minister Joachim von
Ribbentrop to clarify the Belgrade
government's attitude toward the
Axis.
3. Generalissimo Francisco Franco
of Spain was said to have rejected
Benito Mussolini's request that
Spain enter the war—a request be
lieved to have been based on an
Axis desire to pave the way for a
blow at British Gibraltar.
Extension of the war in Europe to
new fronts appeared imminent
Thursday night while in the Far
East jittery diplomats awaited de
velopments of the "utmost gravity."
Where the new war fronts might
be still was anybody's guess, but.
there were signs of impending war
moves from the Balkans to the Far
East.
The international situation, stud
ded with a flood of rumors, was
high-lighted by these develop
ments:
1. Reports of an impending Brit
ish-Bulgarian diplomatic break, fol
lowing recall of the British minis
ter from Rumania, spread through
the Balkans.
2. Jugoslavia's premier and for
eign minister were reported en route
to Salzburg for conferences with
Nazi Foreign Minister Joachim von
Ribbentrop to clarify the Belgrade
government's attitude toward the
Axis.
3. Generalissimo Francisco Franco
of Spain was said to have rejected
Benito Mussolini's request that
Spain enter the war—a request be
lieved to have been based on an
Axis desire to pave the way for a
blow at British Gibraltar.
Extension of the war in Europe to
new fronts appeared imminent
Thursday night while in the Far
East jittery diplomats awaited de
velopments of the "utmost gravity."
Where the new war fronts might
be still was anybody's guess, but.
there were signs of impending war
moves from the Balkans to the Far
East.
The international situation, stud
ded with a flood of rumors, was
high-lighted by these develop
ments:
1. Reports of an impending Brit
ish-Bulgarian diplomatic break, fol
lowing recall of the British minis
ter from Rumania, spread through
the Balkans.
2. Jugoslavia's premier and for
eign minister were reported en route
to Salzburg for conferences with
Nazi Foreign Minister Joachim von
Ribbentrop to clarify the Belgrade
government's attitude toward the
Axis.
3. Generalissimo Francisco Franco
of Spain was said to have rejected
Benito Mussolini's request that
Spain enter the war—a request be
lieved to have been based on an
Axis desire to pave the way for a
blow at British Gibraltar.
