# Farm to Undergo Street Repairing
## 
### 
Completion of construction of Lo
mita Drive and. broadening and
straightening of Santa Teresa from
Lomita Drive to the post office was
authorized by the Board of Trustees
at its last meeting, according to
Frank F. Walker, financial vice
president of the University.
"It is the plan to proceed with this
work during the next two or three
months, and upon its completion to
arrange, possibly, for one-way trav
el on certain streets," he said.
The board also authorized the
modernization of the laundry equip
ment at the Stanford Hospital in San
Francysco, and the erection of a new
maternity ward, the greater part of
the funds therefor having been pri
vately contributed.
