# Exemption Petitions to Be Heard
## 
### 
Students desiring exemption from
payment of the University registra
tion fee for the present semester, 01
any proceeding, should present a writ
ten petition and appear in person a
the office of Prof. IF. L. Smith, Law-
Building, room 1, at one of the fol
lowing times: Wednesday, Sept. S ;»t
3, Saturday, Sept. 11 at !*. and Sat
urday, Sept. 18 at 9.
Students desiring exemption from
payment of the University registra
tion fee for the present semester, 01
any proceeding, should present a writ
ten petition and appear in person a
the office of Prof. IF. L. Smith, Law-
Building, room 1, at one of the fol
lowing times: Wednesday, Sept. S ;»t
3, Saturday, Sept. 11 at !*. and Sat
urday, Sept. 18 at 9.
Students desiring exemption from
payment of the University registra
tion fee for the present semester, 01
any proceeding, should present a writ
ten petition and appear in person a
the office of Prof. IF. L. Smith, Law-
Building, room 1, at one of the fol
lowing times: Wednesday, Sept. S ;»t
3, Saturday, Sept. 11 at !*. and Sat
urday, Sept. 18 at 9.
Students desiring exemption from
payment of the University registra
tion fee for the present semester, 01
any proceeding, should present a writ
ten petition and appear in person a
the office of Prof. IF. L. Smith, Law-
Building, room 1, at one of the fol
lowing times: Wednesday, Sept. S ;»t
3, Saturday, Sept. 11 at !*. and Sat
urday, Sept. 18 at 9.
Students desiring exemption from
payment of the University registra
tion fee for the present semester, 01
any proceeding, should present a writ
ten petition and appear in person a
the office of Prof. IF. L. Smith, Law-
Building, room 1, at one of the fol
lowing times: Wednesday, Sept. S ;»t
3, Saturday, Sept. 11 at !*. and Sat
urday, Sept. 18 at 9.
Students desiring exemption from
payment of the University registra
tion fee for the present semester, 01
any proceeding, should present a writ
ten petition and appear in person a
the office of Prof. IF. L. Smith, Law-
Building, room 1, at one of the fol
lowing times: Wednesday, Sept. S ;»t
3, Saturday, Sept. 11 at !*. and Sat
urday, Sept. 18 at 9.
Students desiring exemption from
payment of the University registra
tion fee for the present semester, 01
any proceeding, should present a writ
ten petition and appear in person a
the office of Prof. IF. L. Smith, Law-
Building, room 1, at one of the fol
lowing times: Wednesday, Sept. S ;»t
3, Saturday, Sept. 11 at !*. and Sat
urday, Sept. 18 at 9.
Students desiring exemption from
payment of the University registra
tion fee for the present semester, 01
any proceeding, should present a writ
ten petition and appear in person a
the office of Prof. IF. L. Smith, Law-
Building, room 1, at one of the fol
lowing times: Wednesday, Sept. S ;»t
3, Saturday, Sept. 11 at !*. and Sat
urday, Sept. 18 at 9.
Students desiring exemption from
payment of the University registra
tion fee for the present semester, 01
any proceeding, should present a writ
ten petition and appear in person a
the office of Prof. IF. L. Smith, Law-
Building, room 1, at one of the fol
lowing times: Wednesday, Sept. S ;»t
3, Saturday, Sept. 11 at !*. and Sat
urday, Sept. 18 at 9.
Students desiring exemption from
payment of the University registra
tion fee for the present semester, 01
any proceeding, should present a writ
ten petition and appear in person a
the office of Prof. IF. L. Smith, Law-
Building, room 1, at one of the fol
lowing times: Wednesday, Sept. S ;»t
3, Saturday, Sept. 11 at !*. and Sat
urday, Sept. 18 at 9.
