# To Advertise Game in South.
## 
### 
Graduate Manager I). W. Burbank
'()•», has left ihe campus for Los An
geles where he will complete arrange
ments for the advertising of the game
with the Castaways which the Varsit\
is to play in that city on October 23
Graduate Manager I). W. Burbank
'()•», has left ihe campus for Los An
geles where he will complete arrange
ments for the advertising of the game
with the Castaways which the Varsit\
is to play in that city on October 23
Graduate Manager I). W. Burbank
'()•», has left ihe campus for Los An
geles where he will complete arrange
ments for the advertising of the game
with the Castaways which the Varsit\
is to play in that city on October 23
Graduate Manager I). W. Burbank
'()•», has left ihe campus for Los An
geles where he will complete arrange
ments for the advertising of the game
with the Castaways which the Varsit\
is to play in that city on October 23
Graduate Manager I). W. Burbank
'()•», has left ihe campus for Los An
geles where he will complete arrange
ments for the advertising of the game
with the Castaways which the Varsit\
is to play in that city on October 23
Graduate Manager I). W. Burbank
'()•», has left ihe campus for Los An
geles where he will complete arrange
ments for the advertising of the game
with the Castaways which the Varsit\
is to play in that city on October 23
Graduate Manager I). W. Burbank
'()•», has left ihe campus for Los An
geles where he will complete arrange
ments for the advertising of the game
with the Castaways which the Varsit\
is to play in that city on October 23
Graduate Manager I). W. Burbank
'()•», has left ihe campus for Los An
geles where he will complete arrange
ments for the advertising of the game
with the Castaways which the Varsit\
is to play in that city on October 23
Graduate Manager I). W. Burbank
'()•», has left ihe campus for Los An
geles where he will complete arrange
ments for the advertising of the game
with the Castaways which the Varsit\
is to play in that city on October 23
Graduate Manager I). W. Burbank
'()•», has left ihe campus for Los An
geles where he will complete arrange
ments for the advertising of the game
with the Castaways which the Varsit\
is to play in that city on October 23
