# Dark and Handsome
## 
### 

MONK'S SCREEN TESTS turned oul favorably so Start
ford's ail-American end may be a cinema star when he
gets out of college. (A.P. Photo)

MONK'S SCREEN TESTS turned oul favorably so Start
ford's ail-American end may be a cinema star when he
gets out of college. (A.P. Photo)

MONK'S SCREEN TESTS turned oul favorably so Start
ford's ail-American end may be a cinema star when he
gets out of college. (A.P. Photo)

MONK'S SCREEN TESTS turned oul favorably so Start
ford's ail-American end may be a cinema star when he
gets out of college. (A.P. Photo)

MONK'S SCREEN TESTS turned oul favorably so Start
ford's ail-American end may be a cinema star when he
gets out of college. (A.P. Photo)

MONK'S SCREEN TESTS turned oul favorably so Start
ford's ail-American end may be a cinema star when he
gets out of college. (A.P. Photo)

MONK'S SCREEN TESTS turned oul favorably so Start
ford's ail-American end may be a cinema star when he
gets out of college. (A.P. Photo)

MONK'S SCREEN TESTS turned oul favorably so Start
ford's ail-American end may be a cinema star when he
gets out of college. (A.P. Photo)

MONK'S SCREEN TESTS turned oul favorably so Start
ford's ail-American end may be a cinema star when he
gets out of college. (A.P. Photo)

MONK'S SCREEN TESTS turned oul favorably so Start
ford's ail-American end may be a cinema star when he
gets out of college. (A.P. Photo)

MONK'S SCREEN TESTS turned oul favorably so Start
ford's ail-American end may be a cinema star when he
gets out of college. (A.P. Photo)

MONK'S SCREEN TESTS turned oul favorably so Start
ford's ail-American end may be a cinema star when he
gets out of college. (A.P. Photo)

MONK'S SCREEN TESTS turned oul favorably so Start
ford's ail-American end may be a cinema star when he
gets out of college. (A.P. Photo)

MONK'S SCREEN TESTS turned oul favorably so Start
ford's ail-American end may be a cinema star when he
gets out of college. (A.P. Photo)

MONK'S SCREEN TESTS turned oul favorably so Start
ford's ail-American end may be a cinema star when he
gets out of college. (A.P. Photo)

MONK'S SCREEN TESTS turned oul favorably so Start
ford's ail-American end may be a cinema star when he
gets out of college. (A.P. Photo)
