# Little Gets '35 Amateur Award
## Sullivan Trophy Goes To Stanford Golf Ace 
### 
Lawson Little, Stanford's* ace golf
er, achieved the highest honor pos
sible for an amateur athlete when
he was given the James E. Sullivan
award for 1935 by the National
A.A.U.
This trophy is awarded each year
to the amateur athlete picked as out
standing among competitors in any
sport. Second place in the poll was
taken by Mrs. Helen Wills Moody,
American woman tennis star, who
made a great comeback, after a two
years' layoff due to a back injury,
by trouncing her traditional rival,
Helen Jacobs, in the finals to gain
the English championship at Wim
bledon.
Little was picked for his achieve
ment of winning both the British
and United States national amateur
golf crowns last year, making the
second successive year he has swept
the amateur ranks in this fashion.
Lawson Little, Stanford's* ace golf
er, achieved the highest honor pos
sible for an amateur athlete when
he was given the James E. Sullivan
award for 1935 by the National
A.A.U.
This trophy is awarded each year
to the amateur athlete picked as out
standing among competitors in any
sport. Second place in the poll was
taken by Mrs. Helen Wills Moody,
American woman tennis star, who
made a great comeback, after a two
years' layoff due to a back injury,
by trouncing her traditional rival,
Helen Jacobs, in the finals to gain
the English championship at Wim
bledon.
Little was picked for his achieve
ment of winning both the British
and United States national amateur
golf crowns last year, making the
second successive year he has swept
the amateur ranks in this fashion.
Lawson Little, Stanford's* ace golf
er, achieved the highest honor pos
sible for an amateur athlete when
he was given the James E. Sullivan
award for 1935 by the National
A.A.U.
This trophy is awarded each year
to the amateur athlete picked as out
standing among competitors in any
sport. Second place in the poll was
taken by Mrs. Helen Wills Moody,
American woman tennis star, who
made a great comeback, after a two
years' layoff due to a back injury,
by trouncing her traditional rival,
Helen Jacobs, in the finals to gain
the English championship at Wim
bledon.
Little was picked for his achieve
ment of winning both the British
and United States national amateur
golf crowns last year, making the
second successive year he has swept
the amateur ranks in this fashion.
Lawson Little, Stanford's* ace golf
er, achieved the highest honor pos
sible for an amateur athlete when
he was given the James E. Sullivan
award for 1935 by the National
A.A.U.
This trophy is awarded each year
to the amateur athlete picked as out
standing among competitors in any
sport. Second place in the poll was
taken by Mrs. Helen Wills Moody,
American woman tennis star, who
made a great comeback, after a two
years' layoff due to a back injury,
by trouncing her traditional rival,
Helen Jacobs, in the finals to gain
the English championship at Wim
bledon.
Little was picked for his achieve
ment of winning both the British
and United States national amateur
golf crowns last year, making the
second successive year he has swept
the amateur ranks in this fashion.
Lawson Little, Stanford's* ace golf
er, achieved the highest honor pos
sible for an amateur athlete when
he was given the James E. Sullivan
award for 1935 by the National
A.A.U.
This trophy is awarded each year
to the amateur athlete picked as out
standing among competitors in any
sport. Second place in the poll was
taken by Mrs. Helen Wills Moody,
American woman tennis star, who
made a great comeback, after a two
years' layoff due to a back injury,
by trouncing her traditional rival,
Helen Jacobs, in the finals to gain
the English championship at Wim
bledon.
Little was picked for his achieve
ment of winning both the British
and United States national amateur
golf crowns last year, making the
second successive year he has swept
the amateur ranks in this fashion.
Lawson Little, Stanford's* ace golf
er, achieved the highest honor pos
sible for an amateur athlete when
he was given the James E. Sullivan
award for 1935 by the National
A.A.U.
This trophy is awarded each year
to the amateur athlete picked as out
standing among competitors in any
sport. Second place in the poll was
taken by Mrs. Helen Wills Moody,
American woman tennis star, who
made a great comeback, after a two
years' layoff due to a back injury,
by trouncing her traditional rival,
Helen Jacobs, in the finals to gain
the English championship at Wim
bledon.
Little was picked for his achieve
ment of winning both the British
and United States national amateur
golf crowns last year, making the
second successive year he has swept
the amateur ranks in this fashion.
Lawson Little, Stanford's* ace golf
er, achieved the highest honor pos
sible for an amateur athlete when
he was given the James E. Sullivan
award for 1935 by the National
A.A.U.
This trophy is awarded each year
to the amateur athlete picked as out
standing among competitors in any
sport. Second place in the poll was
taken by Mrs. Helen Wills Moody,
American woman tennis star, who
made a great comeback, after a two
years' layoff due to a back injury,
by trouncing her traditional rival,
Helen Jacobs, in the finals to gain
the English championship at Wim
bledon.
Little was picked for his achieve
ment of winning both the British
and United States national amateur
golf crowns last year, making the
second successive year he has swept
the amateur ranks in this fashion.
Lawson Little, Stanford's* ace golf
er, achieved the highest honor pos
sible for an amateur athlete when
he was given the James E. Sullivan
award for 1935 by the National
A.A.U.
This trophy is awarded each year
to the amateur athlete picked as out
standing among competitors in any
sport. Second place in the poll was
taken by Mrs. Helen Wills Moody,
American woman tennis star, who
made a great comeback, after a two
years' layoff due to a back injury,
by trouncing her traditional rival,
Helen Jacobs, in the finals to gain
the English championship at Wim
bledon.
Little was picked for his achieve
ment of winning both the British
and United States national amateur
golf crowns last year, making the
second successive year he has swept
the amateur ranks in this fashion.
Lawson Little, Stanford's* ace golf
er, achieved the highest honor pos
sible for an amateur athlete when
he was given the James E. Sullivan
award for 1935 by the National
A.A.U.
This trophy is awarded each year
to the amateur athlete picked as out
standing among competitors in any
sport. Second place in the poll was
taken by Mrs. Helen Wills Moody,
American woman tennis star, who
made a great comeback, after a two
years' layoff due to a back injury,
by trouncing her traditional rival,
Helen Jacobs, in the finals to gain
the English championship at Wim
bledon.
Little was picked for his achieve
ment of winning both the British
and United States national amateur
golf crowns last year, making the
second successive year he has swept
the amateur ranks in this fashion.
Lawson Little, Stanford's* ace golf
er, achieved the highest honor pos
sible for an amateur athlete when
he was given the James E. Sullivan
award for 1935 by the National
A.A.U.
This trophy is awarded each year
to the amateur athlete picked as out
standing among competitors in any
sport. Second place in the poll was
taken by Mrs. Helen Wills Moody,
American woman tennis star, who
made a great comeback, after a two
years' layoff due to a back injury,
by trouncing her traditional rival,
Helen Jacobs, in the finals to gain
the English championship at Wim
bledon.
Little was picked for his achieve
ment of winning both the British
and United States national amateur
golf crowns last year, making the
second successive year he has swept
the amateur ranks in this fashion.
Lawson Little, Stanford's* ace golf
er, achieved the highest honor pos
sible for an amateur athlete when
he was given the James E. Sullivan
award for 1935 by the National
A.A.U.
This trophy is awarded each year
to the amateur athlete picked as out
standing among competitors in any
sport. Second place in the poll was
taken by Mrs. Helen Wills Moody,
American woman tennis star, who
made a great comeback, after a two
years' layoff due to a back injury,
by trouncing her traditional rival,
Helen Jacobs, in the finals to gain
the English championship at Wim
bledon.
Little was picked for his achieve
ment of winning both the British
and United States national amateur
golf crowns last year, making the
second successive year he has swept
the amateur ranks in this fashion.
Lawson Little, Stanford's* ace golf
er, achieved the highest honor pos
sible for an amateur athlete when
he was given the James E. Sullivan
award for 1935 by the National
A.A.U.
This trophy is awarded each year
to the amateur athlete picked as out
standing among competitors in any
sport. Second place in the poll was
taken by Mrs. Helen Wills Moody,
American woman tennis star, who
made a great comeback, after a two
years' layoff due to a back injury,
by trouncing her traditional rival,
Helen Jacobs, in the finals to gain
the English championship at Wim
bledon.
Little was picked for his achieve
ment of winning both the British
and United States national amateur
golf crowns last year, making the
second successive year he has swept
the amateur ranks in this fashion.
Lawson Little, Stanford's* ace golf
er, achieved the highest honor pos
sible for an amateur athlete when
he was given the James E. Sullivan
award for 1935 by the National
A.A.U.
This trophy is awarded each year
to the amateur athlete picked as out
standing among competitors in any
sport. Second place in the poll was
taken by Mrs. Helen Wills Moody,
American woman tennis star, who
made a great comeback, after a two
years' layoff due to a back injury,
by trouncing her traditional rival,
Helen Jacobs, in the finals to gain
the English championship at Wim
bledon.
Little was picked for his achieve
ment of winning both the British
and United States national amateur
golf crowns last year, making the
second successive year he has swept
the amateur ranks in this fashion.
Lawson Little, Stanford's* ace golf
er, achieved the highest honor pos
sible for an amateur athlete when
he was given the James E. Sullivan
award for 1935 by the National
A.A.U.
This trophy is awarded each year
to the amateur athlete picked as out
standing among competitors in any
sport. Second place in the poll was
taken by Mrs. Helen Wills Moody,
American woman tennis star, who
made a great comeback, after a two
years' layoff due to a back injury,
by trouncing her traditional rival,
Helen Jacobs, in the finals to gain
the English championship at Wim
bledon.
Little was picked for his achieve
ment of winning both the British
and United States national amateur
golf crowns last year, making the
second successive year he has swept
the amateur ranks in this fashion.
Lawson Little, Stanford's* ace golf
er, achieved the highest honor pos
sible for an amateur athlete when
he was given the James E. Sullivan
award for 1935 by the National
A.A.U.
This trophy is awarded each year
to the amateur athlete picked as out
standing among competitors in any
sport. Second place in the poll was
taken by Mrs. Helen Wills Moody,
American woman tennis star, who
made a great comeback, after a two
years' layoff due to a back injury,
by trouncing her traditional rival,
Helen Jacobs, in the finals to gain
the English championship at Wim
bledon.
Little was picked for his achieve
ment of winning both the British
and United States national amateur
golf crowns last year, making the
second successive year he has swept
the amateur ranks in this fashion.
Lawson Little, Stanford's* ace golf
er, achieved the highest honor pos
sible for an amateur athlete when
he was given the James E. Sullivan
award for 1935 by the National
A.A.U.
This trophy is awarded each year
to the amateur athlete picked as out
standing among competitors in any
sport. Second place in the poll was
taken by Mrs. Helen Wills Moody,
American woman tennis star, who
made a great comeback, after a two
years' layoff due to a back injury,
by trouncing her traditional rival,
Helen Jacobs, in the finals to gain
the English championship at Wim
bledon.
Little was picked for his achieve
ment of winning both the British
and United States national amateur
golf crowns last year, making the
second successive year he has swept
the amateur ranks in this fashion.
