# Review Board Plans Talks
## 
### 
"In its early stages the speakers'
review bureau will be centered
around those speakers who are al
ready prepared, but soon speeches
will be available on any subject
from art to archaeology," said Pro
fessor William Timmons, faculty ad
viser of the recently organized bu
reau, yesterday.
Members of the board include:
Wally Brooke, A.S.S.U. president;
Wayne Richardson, debate manager;
Charles Schafer, bureau manager;
Jean Albertson, women's represent
ative, and Professor Timmons.
All who would like to get started
are asked to see either Professor
Timmons or Schafer.
"In its early stages the speakers'
review bureau will be centered
around those speakers who are al
ready prepared, but soon speeches
will be available on any subject
from art to archaeology," said Pro
fessor William Timmons, faculty ad
viser of the recently organized bu
reau, yesterday.
Members of the board include:
Wally Brooke, A.S.S.U. president;
Wayne Richardson, debate manager;
Charles Schafer, bureau manager;
Jean Albertson, women's represent
ative, and Professor Timmons.
All who would like to get started
are asked to see either Professor
Timmons or Schafer.
"In its early stages the speakers'
review bureau will be centered
around those speakers who are al
ready prepared, but soon speeches
will be available on any subject
from art to archaeology," said Pro
fessor William Timmons, faculty ad
viser of the recently organized bu
reau, yesterday.
Members of the board include:
Wally Brooke, A.S.S.U. president;
Wayne Richardson, debate manager;
Charles Schafer, bureau manager;
Jean Albertson, women's represent
ative, and Professor Timmons.
All who would like to get started
are asked to see either Professor
Timmons or Schafer.
"In its early stages the speakers'
review bureau will be centered
around those speakers who are al
ready prepared, but soon speeches
will be available on any subject
from art to archaeology," said Pro
fessor William Timmons, faculty ad
viser of the recently organized bu
reau, yesterday.
Members of the board include:
Wally Brooke, A.S.S.U. president;
Wayne Richardson, debate manager;
Charles Schafer, bureau manager;
Jean Albertson, women's represent
ative, and Professor Timmons.
All who would like to get started
are asked to see either Professor
Timmons or Schafer.
"In its early stages the speakers'
review bureau will be centered
around those speakers who are al
ready prepared, but soon speeches
will be available on any subject
from art to archaeology," said Pro
fessor William Timmons, faculty ad
viser of the recently organized bu
reau, yesterday.
Members of the board include:
Wally Brooke, A.S.S.U. president;
Wayne Richardson, debate manager;
Charles Schafer, bureau manager;
Jean Albertson, women's represent
ative, and Professor Timmons.
All who would like to get started
are asked to see either Professor
Timmons or Schafer.
"In its early stages the speakers'
review bureau will be centered
around those speakers who are al
ready prepared, but soon speeches
will be available on any subject
from art to archaeology," said Pro
fessor William Timmons, faculty ad
viser of the recently organized bu
reau, yesterday.
Members of the board include:
Wally Brooke, A.S.S.U. president;
Wayne Richardson, debate manager;
Charles Schafer, bureau manager;
Jean Albertson, women's represent
ative, and Professor Timmons.
All who would like to get started
are asked to see either Professor
Timmons or Schafer.
"In its early stages the speakers'
review bureau will be centered
around those speakers who are al
ready prepared, but soon speeches
will be available on any subject
from art to archaeology," said Pro
fessor William Timmons, faculty ad
viser of the recently organized bu
reau, yesterday.
Members of the board include:
Wally Brooke, A.S.S.U. president;
Wayne Richardson, debate manager;
Charles Schafer, bureau manager;
Jean Albertson, women's represent
ative, and Professor Timmons.
All who would like to get started
are asked to see either Professor
Timmons or Schafer.
"In its early stages the speakers'
review bureau will be centered
around those speakers who are al
ready prepared, but soon speeches
will be available on any subject
from art to archaeology," said Pro
fessor William Timmons, faculty ad
viser of the recently organized bu
reau, yesterday.
Members of the board include:
Wally Brooke, A.S.S.U. president;
Wayne Richardson, debate manager;
Charles Schafer, bureau manager;
Jean Albertson, women's represent
ative, and Professor Timmons.
All who would like to get started
are asked to see either Professor
Timmons or Schafer.
"In its early stages the speakers'
review bureau will be centered
around those speakers who are al
ready prepared, but soon speeches
will be available on any subject
from art to archaeology," said Pro
fessor William Timmons, faculty ad
viser of the recently organized bu
reau, yesterday.
Members of the board include:
Wally Brooke, A.S.S.U. president;
Wayne Richardson, debate manager;
Charles Schafer, bureau manager;
Jean Albertson, women's represent
ative, and Professor Timmons.
All who would like to get started
are asked to see either Professor
Timmons or Schafer.
"In its early stages the speakers'
review bureau will be centered
around those speakers who are al
ready prepared, but soon speeches
will be available on any subject
from art to archaeology," said Pro
fessor William Timmons, faculty ad
viser of the recently organized bu
reau, yesterday.
Members of the board include:
Wally Brooke, A.S.S.U. president;
Wayne Richardson, debate manager;
Charles Schafer, bureau manager;
Jean Albertson, women's represent
ative, and Professor Timmons.
All who would like to get started
are asked to see either Professor
Timmons or Schafer.
"In its early stages the speakers'
review bureau will be centered
around those speakers who are al
ready prepared, but soon speeches
will be available on any subject
from art to archaeology," said Pro
fessor William Timmons, faculty ad
viser of the recently organized bu
reau, yesterday.
Members of the board include:
Wally Brooke, A.S.S.U. president;
Wayne Richardson, debate manager;
Charles Schafer, bureau manager;
Jean Albertson, women's represent
ative, and Professor Timmons.
All who would like to get started
are asked to see either Professor
Timmons or Schafer.
"In its early stages the speakers'
review bureau will be centered
around those speakers who are al
ready prepared, but soon speeches
will be available on any subject
from art to archaeology," said Pro
fessor William Timmons, faculty ad
viser of the recently organized bu
reau, yesterday.
Members of the board include:
Wally Brooke, A.S.S.U. president;
Wayne Richardson, debate manager;
Charles Schafer, bureau manager;
Jean Albertson, women's represent
ative, and Professor Timmons.
All who would like to get started
are asked to see either Professor
Timmons or Schafer.
"In its early stages the speakers'
review bureau will be centered
around those speakers who are al
ready prepared, but soon speeches
will be available on any subject
from art to archaeology," said Pro
fessor William Timmons, faculty ad
viser of the recently organized bu
reau, yesterday.
Members of the board include:
Wally Brooke, A.S.S.U. president;
Wayne Richardson, debate manager;
Charles Schafer, bureau manager;
Jean Albertson, women's represent
ative, and Professor Timmons.
All who would like to get started
are asked to see either Professor
Timmons or Schafer.
"In its early stages the speakers'
review bureau will be centered
around those speakers who are al
ready prepared, but soon speeches
will be available on any subject
from art to archaeology," said Pro
fessor William Timmons, faculty ad
viser of the recently organized bu
reau, yesterday.
Members of the board include:
Wally Brooke, A.S.S.U. president;
Wayne Richardson, debate manager;
Charles Schafer, bureau manager;
Jean Albertson, women's represent
ative, and Professor Timmons.
All who would like to get started
are asked to see either Professor
Timmons or Schafer.
"In its early stages the speakers'
review bureau will be centered
around those speakers who are al
ready prepared, but soon speeches
will be available on any subject
from art to archaeology," said Pro
fessor William Timmons, faculty ad
viser of the recently organized bu
reau, yesterday.
Members of the board include:
Wally Brooke, A.S.S.U. president;
Wayne Richardson, debate manager;
Charles Schafer, bureau manager;
Jean Albertson, women's represent
ative, and Professor Timmons.
All who would like to get started
are asked to see either Professor
Timmons or Schafer.
"In its early stages the speakers'
review bureau will be centered
around those speakers who are al
ready prepared, but soon speeches
will be available on any subject
from art to archaeology," said Pro
fessor William Timmons, faculty ad
viser of the recently organized bu
reau, yesterday.
Members of the board include:
Wally Brooke, A.S.S.U. president;
Wayne Richardson, debate manager;
Charles Schafer, bureau manager;
Jean Albertson, women's represent
ative, and Professor Timmons.
All who would like to get started
are asked to see either Professor
Timmons or Schafer.
