# Women's Rush Periods Set
## 
### 
Women's rushing will begin next
Saturday and will continue until the
following Saturday, January 18.
Dinners and luncheons are sched
uled daily with the exception of
Wednesday.
Rushing will be divided into three
periods including Saturday lunch
eon, Saturday dinner, and Sunday
luncheon; a dinner on Monday and
Tuesday lunch and dinner; and fi
nally dinner on Thursday and Fri
day evenings, followed by bidding
on Saturday.
Invitations for the first rushing
period will be sent to all women
who live off-campus, except in off
campus living groups, ,to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women are
requested to call at the Dean of
Women's office for invitations.
Women's rushing will begin next
Saturday and will continue until the
following Saturday, January 18.
Dinners and luncheons are sched
uled daily with the exception of
Wednesday.
Rushing will be divided into three
periods including Saturday lunch
eon, Saturday dinner, and Sunday
luncheon; a dinner on Monday and
Tuesday lunch and dinner; and fi
nally dinner on Thursday and Fri
day evenings, followed by bidding
on Saturday.
Invitations for the first rushing
period will be sent to all women
who live off-campus, except in off
campus living groups, ,to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women are
requested to call at the Dean of
Women's office for invitations.
Women's rushing will begin next
Saturday and will continue until the
following Saturday, January 18.
Dinners and luncheons are sched
uled daily with the exception of
Wednesday.
Rushing will be divided into three
periods including Saturday lunch
eon, Saturday dinner, and Sunday
luncheon; a dinner on Monday and
Tuesday lunch and dinner; and fi
nally dinner on Thursday and Fri
day evenings, followed by bidding
on Saturday.
Invitations for the first rushing
period will be sent to all women
who live off-campus, except in off
campus living groups, ,to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women are
requested to call at the Dean of
Women's office for invitations.
Women's rushing will begin next
Saturday and will continue until the
following Saturday, January 18.
Dinners and luncheons are sched
uled daily with the exception of
Wednesday.
Rushing will be divided into three
periods including Saturday lunch
eon, Saturday dinner, and Sunday
luncheon; a dinner on Monday and
Tuesday lunch and dinner; and fi
nally dinner on Thursday and Fri
day evenings, followed by bidding
on Saturday.
Invitations for the first rushing
period will be sent to all women
who live off-campus, except in off
campus living groups, ,to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women are
requested to call at the Dean of
Women's office for invitations.
Women's rushing will begin next
Saturday and will continue until the
following Saturday, January 18.
Dinners and luncheons are sched
uled daily with the exception of
Wednesday.
Rushing will be divided into three
periods including Saturday lunch
eon, Saturday dinner, and Sunday
luncheon; a dinner on Monday and
Tuesday lunch and dinner; and fi
nally dinner on Thursday and Fri
day evenings, followed by bidding
on Saturday.
Invitations for the first rushing
period will be sent to all women
who live off-campus, except in off
campus living groups, ,to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women are
requested to call at the Dean of
Women's office for invitations.
Women's rushing will begin next
Saturday and will continue until the
following Saturday, January 18.
Dinners and luncheons are sched
uled daily with the exception of
Wednesday.
Rushing will be divided into three
periods including Saturday lunch
eon, Saturday dinner, and Sunday
luncheon; a dinner on Monday and
Tuesday lunch and dinner; and fi
nally dinner on Thursday and Fri
day evenings, followed by bidding
on Saturday.
Invitations for the first rushing
period will be sent to all women
who live off-campus, except in off
campus living groups, ,to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women are
requested to call at the Dean of
Women's office for invitations.
Women's rushing will begin next
Saturday and will continue until the
following Saturday, January 18.
Dinners and luncheons are sched
uled daily with the exception of
Wednesday.
Rushing will be divided into three
periods including Saturday lunch
eon, Saturday dinner, and Sunday
luncheon; a dinner on Monday and
Tuesday lunch and dinner; and fi
nally dinner on Thursday and Fri
day evenings, followed by bidding
on Saturday.
Invitations for the first rushing
period will be sent to all women
who live off-campus, except in off
campus living groups, ,to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women are
requested to call at the Dean of
Women's office for invitations.
Women's rushing will begin next
Saturday and will continue until the
following Saturday, January 18.
Dinners and luncheons are sched
uled daily with the exception of
Wednesday.
Rushing will be divided into three
periods including Saturday lunch
eon, Saturday dinner, and Sunday
luncheon; a dinner on Monday and
Tuesday lunch and dinner; and fi
nally dinner on Thursday and Fri
day evenings, followed by bidding
on Saturday.
Invitations for the first rushing
period will be sent to all women
who live off-campus, except in off
campus living groups, ,to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women are
requested to call at the Dean of
Women's office for invitations.
Women's rushing will begin next
Saturday and will continue until the
following Saturday, January 18.
Dinners and luncheons are sched
uled daily with the exception of
Wednesday.
Rushing will be divided into three
periods including Saturday lunch
eon, Saturday dinner, and Sunday
luncheon; a dinner on Monday and
Tuesday lunch and dinner; and fi
nally dinner on Thursday and Fri
day evenings, followed by bidding
on Saturday.
Invitations for the first rushing
period will be sent to all women
who live off-campus, except in off
campus living groups, ,to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women are
requested to call at the Dean of
Women's office for invitations.
Women's rushing will begin next
Saturday and will continue until the
following Saturday, January 18.
Dinners and luncheons are sched
uled daily with the exception of
Wednesday.
Rushing will be divided into three
periods including Saturday lunch
eon, Saturday dinner, and Sunday
luncheon; a dinner on Monday and
Tuesday lunch and dinner; and fi
nally dinner on Thursday and Fri
day evenings, followed by bidding
on Saturday.
Invitations for the first rushing
period will be sent to all women
who live off-campus, except in off
campus living groups, ,to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women are
requested to call at the Dean of
Women's office for invitations.
Women's rushing will begin next
Saturday and will continue until the
following Saturday, January 18.
Dinners and luncheons are sched
uled daily with the exception of
Wednesday.
Rushing will be divided into three
periods including Saturday lunch
eon, Saturday dinner, and Sunday
luncheon; a dinner on Monday and
Tuesday lunch and dinner; and fi
nally dinner on Thursday and Fri
day evenings, followed by bidding
on Saturday.
Invitations for the first rushing
period will be sent to all women
who live off-campus, except in off
campus living groups, ,to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women are
requested to call at the Dean of
Women's office for invitations.
Women's rushing will begin next
Saturday and will continue until the
following Saturday, January 18.
Dinners and luncheons are sched
uled daily with the exception of
Wednesday.
Rushing will be divided into three
periods including Saturday lunch
eon, Saturday dinner, and Sunday
luncheon; a dinner on Monday and
Tuesday lunch and dinner; and fi
nally dinner on Thursday and Fri
day evenings, followed by bidding
on Saturday.
Invitations for the first rushing
period will be sent to all women
who live off-campus, except in off
campus living groups, ,to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women are
requested to call at the Dean of
Women's office for invitations.
Women's rushing will begin next
Saturday and will continue until the
following Saturday, January 18.
Dinners and luncheons are sched
uled daily with the exception of
Wednesday.
Rushing will be divided into three
periods including Saturday lunch
eon, Saturday dinner, and Sunday
luncheon; a dinner on Monday and
Tuesday lunch and dinner; and fi
nally dinner on Thursday and Fri
day evenings, followed by bidding
on Saturday.
Invitations for the first rushing
period will be sent to all women
who live off-campus, except in off
campus living groups, ,to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women are
requested to call at the Dean of
Women's office for invitations.
Women's rushing will begin next
Saturday and will continue until the
following Saturday, January 18.
Dinners and luncheons are sched
uled daily with the exception of
Wednesday.
Rushing will be divided into three
periods including Saturday lunch
eon, Saturday dinner, and Sunday
luncheon; a dinner on Monday and
Tuesday lunch and dinner; and fi
nally dinner on Thursday and Fri
day evenings, followed by bidding
on Saturday.
Invitations for the first rushing
period will be sent to all women
who live off-campus, except in off
campus living groups, ,to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women are
requested to call at the Dean of
Women's office for invitations.
Women's rushing will begin next
Saturday and will continue until the
following Saturday, January 18.
Dinners and luncheons are sched
uled daily with the exception of
Wednesday.
Rushing will be divided into three
periods including Saturday lunch
eon, Saturday dinner, and Sunday
luncheon; a dinner on Monday and
Tuesday lunch and dinner; and fi
nally dinner on Thursday and Fri
day evenings, followed by bidding
on Saturday.
Invitations for the first rushing
period will be sent to all women
who live off-campus, except in off
campus living groups, ,to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women are
requested to call at the Dean of
Women's office for invitations.
Women's rushing will begin next
Saturday and will continue until the
following Saturday, January 18.
Dinners and luncheons are sched
uled daily with the exception of
Wednesday.
Rushing will be divided into three
periods including Saturday lunch
eon, Saturday dinner, and Sunday
luncheon; a dinner on Monday and
Tuesday lunch and dinner; and fi
nally dinner on Thursday and Fri
day evenings, followed by bidding
on Saturday.
Invitations for the first rushing
period will be sent to all women
who live off-campus, except in off
campus living groups, ,to which in
vitations will be delivered. After
that time off-campus women are
requested to call at the Dean of
Women's office for invitations.
