# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
ford
The ONE fine car
in the low price field
at
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
. Palo Alto—DA 3-5161
SALES and SERVICE
ford
The ONE fine car
in the low price field
at
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
. Palo Alto—DA 3-5161
SALES and SERVICE
ford
The ONE fine car
in the low price field
at
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
. Palo Alto—DA 3-5161
SALES and SERVICE
ford
The ONE fine car
in the low price field
at
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
. Palo Alto—DA 3-5161
SALES and SERVICE
ford
The ONE fine car
in the low price field
at
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
. Palo Alto—DA 3-5161
SALES and SERVICE
ford
The ONE fine car
in the low price field
at
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
. Palo Alto—DA 3-5161
SALES and SERVICE
ford
The ONE fine car
in the low price field
at
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
. Palo Alto—DA 3-5161
SALES and SERVICE
ford
The ONE fine car
in the low price field
at
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
. Palo Alto—DA 3-5161
SALES and SERVICE
ford
The ONE fine car
in the low price field
at
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
. Palo Alto—DA 3-5161
SALES and SERVICE
ford
The ONE fine car
in the low price field
at
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
. Palo Alto—DA 3-5161
SALES and SERVICE
ford
The ONE fine car
in the low price field
at
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
. Palo Alto—DA 3-5161
SALES and SERVICE
ford
The ONE fine car
in the low price field
at
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
. Palo Alto—DA 3-5161
SALES and SERVICE
ford
The ONE fine car
in the low price field
at
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
. Palo Alto—DA 3-5161
SALES and SERVICE
ford
The ONE fine car
in the low price field
at
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
. Palo Alto—DA 3-5161
SALES and SERVICE
ford
The ONE fine car
in the low price field
at
Lutz FORD Sales
160 Forest Avenue
. Palo Alto—DA 3-5161
SALES and SERVICE
