# Stanford Poloists In Doubleheader
## 
### 
Two Stanford student polo teams
will play match games Sunday eve
ning at the St. Francis Hiding Acad
emy in San Francisco.
The A team—composed of captain
Mickey Seeley. Dean Eyre, and Tom
Shartle — will tangle with a strong
San Mateo squad. Tfie B team —
;nad(. up of Shartle, Alex Echavar
rin, and Martin Perlberger — will
play Woodside. 1
Two Stanford student polo teams
will play match games Sunday eve
ning at the St. Francis Hiding Acad
emy in San Francisco.
The A team—composed of captain
Mickey Seeley. Dean Eyre, and Tom
Shartle — will tangle with a strong
San Mateo squad. Tfie B team —
;nad(. up of Shartle, Alex Echavar
rin, and Martin Perlberger — will
play Woodside. 1
Two Stanford student polo teams
will play match games Sunday eve
ning at the St. Francis Hiding Acad
emy in San Francisco.
The A team—composed of captain
Mickey Seeley. Dean Eyre, and Tom
Shartle — will tangle with a strong
San Mateo squad. Tfie B team —
;nad(. up of Shartle, Alex Echavar
rin, and Martin Perlberger — will
play Woodside. 1
Two Stanford student polo teams
will play match games Sunday eve
ning at the St. Francis Hiding Acad
emy in San Francisco.
The A team—composed of captain
Mickey Seeley. Dean Eyre, and Tom
Shartle — will tangle with a strong
San Mateo squad. Tfie B team —
;nad(. up of Shartle, Alex Echavar
rin, and Martin Perlberger — will
play Woodside. 1
Two Stanford student polo teams
will play match games Sunday eve
ning at the St. Francis Hiding Acad
emy in San Francisco.
The A team—composed of captain
Mickey Seeley. Dean Eyre, and Tom
Shartle — will tangle with a strong
San Mateo squad. Tfie B team —
;nad(. up of Shartle, Alex Echavar
rin, and Martin Perlberger — will
play Woodside. 1
Two Stanford student polo teams
will play match games Sunday eve
ning at the St. Francis Hiding Acad
emy in San Francisco.
The A team—composed of captain
Mickey Seeley. Dean Eyre, and Tom
Shartle — will tangle with a strong
San Mateo squad. Tfie B team —
;nad(. up of Shartle, Alex Echavar
rin, and Martin Perlberger — will
play Woodside. 1
Two Stanford student polo teams
will play match games Sunday eve
ning at the St. Francis Hiding Acad
emy in San Francisco.
The A team—composed of captain
Mickey Seeley. Dean Eyre, and Tom
Shartle — will tangle with a strong
San Mateo squad. Tfie B team —
;nad(. up of Shartle, Alex Echavar
rin, and Martin Perlberger — will
play Woodside. 1
Two Stanford student polo teams
will play match games Sunday eve
ning at the St. Francis Hiding Acad
emy in San Francisco.
The A team—composed of captain
Mickey Seeley. Dean Eyre, and Tom
Shartle — will tangle with a strong
San Mateo squad. Tfie B team —
;nad(. up of Shartle, Alex Echavar
rin, and Martin Perlberger — will
play Woodside. 1
Two Stanford student polo teams
will play match games Sunday eve
ning at the St. Francis Hiding Acad
emy in San Francisco.
The A team—composed of captain
Mickey Seeley. Dean Eyre, and Tom
Shartle — will tangle with a strong
San Mateo squad. Tfie B team —
;nad(. up of Shartle, Alex Echavar
rin, and Martin Perlberger — will
play Woodside. 1
Two Stanford student polo teams
will play match games Sunday eve
ning at the St. Francis Hiding Acad
emy in San Francisco.
The A team—composed of captain
Mickey Seeley. Dean Eyre, and Tom
Shartle — will tangle with a strong
San Mateo squad. Tfie B team —
;nad(. up of Shartle, Alex Echavar
rin, and Martin Perlberger — will
play Woodside. 1
Two Stanford student polo teams
will play match games Sunday eve
ning at the St. Francis Hiding Acad
emy in San Francisco.
The A team—composed of captain
Mickey Seeley. Dean Eyre, and Tom
Shartle — will tangle with a strong
San Mateo squad. Tfie B team —
;nad(. up of Shartle, Alex Echavar
rin, and Martin Perlberger — will
play Woodside. 1
Two Stanford student polo teams
will play match games Sunday eve
ning at the St. Francis Hiding Acad
emy in San Francisco.
The A team—composed of captain
Mickey Seeley. Dean Eyre, and Tom
Shartle — will tangle with a strong
San Mateo squad. Tfie B team —
;nad(. up of Shartle, Alex Echavar
rin, and Martin Perlberger — will
play Woodside. 1
Two Stanford student polo teams
will play match games Sunday eve
ning at the St. Francis Hiding Acad
emy in San Francisco.
The A team—composed of captain
Mickey Seeley. Dean Eyre, and Tom
Shartle — will tangle with a strong
San Mateo squad. Tfie B team —
;nad(. up of Shartle, Alex Echavar
rin, and Martin Perlberger — will
play Woodside. 1
Two Stanford student polo teams
will play match games Sunday eve
ning at the St. Francis Hiding Acad
emy in San Francisco.
The A team—composed of captain
Mickey Seeley. Dean Eyre, and Tom
Shartle — will tangle with a strong
San Mateo squad. Tfie B team —
;nad(. up of Shartle, Alex Echavar
rin, and Martin Perlberger — will
play Woodside. 1
Two Stanford student polo teams
will play match games Sunday eve
ning at the St. Francis Hiding Acad
emy in San Francisco.
The A team—composed of captain
Mickey Seeley. Dean Eyre, and Tom
Shartle — will tangle with a strong
San Mateo squad. Tfie B team —
;nad(. up of Shartle, Alex Echavar
rin, and Martin Perlberger — will
play Woodside. 1
