# French Students Plan First Meeting of Club
## 
### 
The newly formed French Club
will-hold its first meeting this eve
ning at 7:15 at the French House.
Students will be given an opportu
nity to converse in French, to hear
speakers from France, and to learn
more about the country through
movies.
All students enrolled in French
courses and those interested in
proving their French conversation
are invited.
The newly formed French Club
will-hold its first meeting this eve
ning at 7:15 at the French House.
Students will be given an opportu
nity to converse in French, to hear
speakers from France, and to learn
more about the country through
movies.
All students enrolled in French
courses and those interested in
proving their French conversation
are invited.
The newly formed French Club
will-hold its first meeting this eve
ning at 7:15 at the French House.
Students will be given an opportu
nity to converse in French, to hear
speakers from France, and to learn
more about the country through
movies.
All students enrolled in French
courses and those interested in
proving their French conversation
are invited.
The newly formed French Club
will-hold its first meeting this eve
ning at 7:15 at the French House.
Students will be given an opportu
nity to converse in French, to hear
speakers from France, and to learn
more about the country through
movies.
All students enrolled in French
courses and those interested in
proving their French conversation
are invited.
The newly formed French Club
will-hold its first meeting this eve
ning at 7:15 at the French House.
Students will be given an opportu
nity to converse in French, to hear
speakers from France, and to learn
more about the country through
movies.
All students enrolled in French
courses and those interested in
proving their French conversation
are invited.
The newly formed French Club
will-hold its first meeting this eve
ning at 7:15 at the French House.
Students will be given an opportu
nity to converse in French, to hear
speakers from France, and to learn
more about the country through
movies.
All students enrolled in French
courses and those interested in
proving their French conversation
are invited.
The newly formed French Club
will-hold its first meeting this eve
ning at 7:15 at the French House.
Students will be given an opportu
nity to converse in French, to hear
speakers from France, and to learn
more about the country through
movies.
All students enrolled in French
courses and those interested in
proving their French conversation
are invited.
The newly formed French Club
will-hold its first meeting this eve
ning at 7:15 at the French House.
Students will be given an opportu
nity to converse in French, to hear
speakers from France, and to learn
more about the country through
movies.
All students enrolled in French
courses and those interested in
proving their French conversation
are invited.
The newly formed French Club
will-hold its first meeting this eve
ning at 7:15 at the French House.
Students will be given an opportu
nity to converse in French, to hear
speakers from France, and to learn
more about the country through
movies.
All students enrolled in French
courses and those interested in
proving their French conversation
are invited.
The newly formed French Club
will-hold its first meeting this eve
ning at 7:15 at the French House.
Students will be given an opportu
nity to converse in French, to hear
speakers from France, and to learn
more about the country through
movies.
All students enrolled in French
courses and those interested in
proving their French conversation
are invited.
The newly formed French Club
will-hold its first meeting this eve
ning at 7:15 at the French House.
Students will be given an opportu
nity to converse in French, to hear
speakers from France, and to learn
more about the country through
movies.
All students enrolled in French
courses and those interested in
proving their French conversation
are invited.
The newly formed French Club
will-hold its first meeting this eve
ning at 7:15 at the French House.
Students will be given an opportu
nity to converse in French, to hear
speakers from France, and to learn
more about the country through
movies.
All students enrolled in French
courses and those interested in
proving their French conversation
are invited.
The newly formed French Club
will-hold its first meeting this eve
ning at 7:15 at the French House.
Students will be given an opportu
nity to converse in French, to hear
speakers from France, and to learn
more about the country through
movies.
All students enrolled in French
courses and those interested in
proving their French conversation
are invited.
The newly formed French Club
will-hold its first meeting this eve
ning at 7:15 at the French House.
Students will be given an opportu
nity to converse in French, to hear
speakers from France, and to learn
more about the country through
movies.
All students enrolled in French
courses and those interested in
proving their French conversation
are invited.
The newly formed French Club
will-hold its first meeting this eve
ning at 7:15 at the French House.
Students will be given an opportu
nity to converse in French, to hear
speakers from France, and to learn
more about the country through
movies.
All students enrolled in French
courses and those interested in
proving their French conversation
are invited.
