# BAY PEST CONTROL CO. WINS APPROVAL OF ENTIRE CAMPUS
## 
### 
One of the most annoying hazards to
campus residents is that of the ordinary
household pests such as ants, roaches,
and other vermin. A leading pest control
company that is combatting this annoy
ance through scientific means is the Bay
Pest Control Co., headed hy Philip T.
Parsons '4H and his father. A. T. Par
sons, '04, at 1217 South Railroad in San
Mateo.
Both Phil and his father have made a
complete study of every branch of pest
control and have had considerable suc
cess in the complete eradication of mil
lions of these pests.
Much of the success of the Bay Pest
Control organization is due to the fact
they arc equipped with every modern
device for elimination of all forms of
vermin life plus the knowledge neces
sary to successfully pursue their pro
fession. The Staff at Bay.Pest Control
has been fully trained in pest control
and have the reputation for complete
thoroughness in their work, all con
ducted with as little confusion as pos
sible. The men doing the work arc
courteous, well-informed, and can ad
vise on methods to be used in keeping
fraternity houses and faculty homes
free from pests once they have been
eliminated.
The cost of complete pest elimination
as done by Bay Pest Control Co. is
modest anil Phil is always happy to
consult with prospective clients on
their problems with of course no obli
gation to enter contract.
