# 'I' Club Dinner Tickets On Sale Today at Cellar
## 
### 
A few tickets are still available
for tlie "I" Club dinner at the
Palo Alto Community Center Sat
urday night. The tickets will be
on sale at the Cellar this morning
and tomorrow morning.
The dinner will feature foreign
dishes. There will be dancing and
several of the most successful
numbers of the Illi Talent Show
will be repeated.
A few tickets are still available
for tlie "I" Club dinner at the
Palo Alto Community Center Sat
urday night. The tickets will be
on sale at the Cellar this morning
and tomorrow morning.
The dinner will feature foreign
dishes. There will be dancing and
several of the most successful
numbers of the Illi Talent Show
will be repeated.
A few tickets are still available
for tlie "I" Club dinner at the
Palo Alto Community Center Sat
urday night. The tickets will be
on sale at the Cellar this morning
and tomorrow morning.
The dinner will feature foreign
dishes. There will be dancing and
several of the most successful
numbers of the Illi Talent Show
will be repeated.
A few tickets are still available
for tlie "I" Club dinner at the
Palo Alto Community Center Sat
urday night. The tickets will be
on sale at the Cellar this morning
and tomorrow morning.
The dinner will feature foreign
dishes. There will be dancing and
several of the most successful
numbers of the Illi Talent Show
will be repeated.
A few tickets are still available
for tlie "I" Club dinner at the
Palo Alto Community Center Sat
urday night. The tickets will be
on sale at the Cellar this morning
and tomorrow morning.
The dinner will feature foreign
dishes. There will be dancing and
several of the most successful
numbers of the Illi Talent Show
will be repeated.
A few tickets are still available
for tlie "I" Club dinner at the
Palo Alto Community Center Sat
urday night. The tickets will be
on sale at the Cellar this morning
and tomorrow morning.
The dinner will feature foreign
dishes. There will be dancing and
several of the most successful
numbers of the Illi Talent Show
will be repeated.
A few tickets are still available
for tlie "I" Club dinner at the
Palo Alto Community Center Sat
urday night. The tickets will be
on sale at the Cellar this morning
and tomorrow morning.
The dinner will feature foreign
dishes. There will be dancing and
several of the most successful
numbers of the Illi Talent Show
will be repeated.
A few tickets are still available
for tlie "I" Club dinner at the
Palo Alto Community Center Sat
urday night. The tickets will be
on sale at the Cellar this morning
and tomorrow morning.
The dinner will feature foreign
dishes. There will be dancing and
several of the most successful
numbers of the Illi Talent Show
will be repeated.
A few tickets are still available
for tlie "I" Club dinner at the
Palo Alto Community Center Sat
urday night. The tickets will be
on sale at the Cellar this morning
and tomorrow morning.
The dinner will feature foreign
dishes. There will be dancing and
several of the most successful
numbers of the Illi Talent Show
will be repeated.
A few tickets are still available
for tlie "I" Club dinner at the
Palo Alto Community Center Sat
urday night. The tickets will be
on sale at the Cellar this morning
and tomorrow morning.
The dinner will feature foreign
dishes. There will be dancing and
several of the most successful
numbers of the Illi Talent Show
will be repeated.
A few tickets are still available
for tlie "I" Club dinner at the
Palo Alto Community Center Sat
urday night. The tickets will be
on sale at the Cellar this morning
and tomorrow morning.
The dinner will feature foreign
dishes. There will be dancing and
several of the most successful
numbers of the Illi Talent Show
will be repeated.
A few tickets are still available
for tlie "I" Club dinner at the
Palo Alto Community Center Sat
urday night. The tickets will be
on sale at the Cellar this morning
and tomorrow morning.
The dinner will feature foreign
dishes. There will be dancing and
several of the most successful
numbers of the Illi Talent Show
will be repeated.
A few tickets are still available
for tlie "I" Club dinner at the
Palo Alto Community Center Sat
urday night. The tickets will be
on sale at the Cellar this morning
and tomorrow morning.
The dinner will feature foreign
dishes. There will be dancing and
several of the most successful
numbers of the Illi Talent Show
will be repeated.
A few tickets are still available
for tlie "I" Club dinner at the
Palo Alto Community Center Sat
urday night. The tickets will be
on sale at the Cellar this morning
and tomorrow morning.
The dinner will feature foreign
dishes. There will be dancing and
several of the most successful
numbers of the Illi Talent Show
will be repeated.
A few tickets are still available
for tlie "I" Club dinner at the
Palo Alto Community Center Sat
urday night. The tickets will be
on sale at the Cellar this morning
and tomorrow morning.
The dinner will feature foreign
dishes. There will be dancing and
several of the most successful
numbers of the Illi Talent Show
will be repeated.
