# Adv. 14 Page 3
## 
### 
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
CLEAN 'EM UP
Your Overcoats—Trench Coats
and Sweaters
THOMAS-ALLEC
Cleaners and Dyers
247 HAMILTON AVENUE P.A. 4161
