# Tryoutees to Vie For Bureau Jobs
## 
### 
Managerial positions on the
Speakers' Bureau arc open to try
outccs, the best of whom will be
chosen bureau manager next autumn
quarter. Bram Gorier, present man
ager, will interview those who try
out at the bureau office.
In addition to the opportunity of
being promoted to the office of
manager, a salaried position, new
staff members will have valuable
and unique experience in office
management, selling, advertismg,
and personnel work, according to
Gorter.
In Novemlxsr, 1935, Ex Committee
gave the bureau a budget and the
order to "sell Stanford." Chuck
Shafer, first manager, started with
four speakers, who addressed clubs
in the Bay region on the subject of
Stanford activities. Now the bureau
has 10 regular speakers and estab
lished an autumn quarter record
last quarter with 15 appearances.
