# SPU to Debate Sorority Setup
## 
### 
"Resolved: that sororities should
be abolished on the Stanford cam
pus." This will be the topic of dis
cussion when the Stanford Political
Union convenes January 19, it. was
announced Saturday by Vincent
Lcmnion, president of the organiza
tion.
"We feel that the timeliness of the
discussion on this important campus
problem warrants our deviation from
the custom of discussing only ques
tions of national or international im
portance,' Lemmon said.
According to Lemmon, two Stan
ford women, one from the Row and
one from the Halls, will be the key
note speakers at the meeting. The
usual parliament-style debate among
members of the Union will then en
sue. However, the customary three
party system will be temporarily
abandoned in favor of a division of
the house into groups. The "pros"
will favor abolition of the sororities,
while the "cons" will defend the
value of Stanford's much-discussed
sorority set-up.
Because the topic is one of such
general concern on the campus, visi
tors will be permitted to question
speakers on both sides during the
discussion period. Following this
informal questioning, two men will
summarize the case for cach side.
Caucuses of the two temporary
parties will be held a week from
tomorrow under the guidance of the
two leaders to be appointed by the
Standing Committee. Exact time of
the caucuses will be announced
through the mail next week.
