# Cal, S.C. Hoop Tickets on Sale
## 
### 
Student ducats for the first.
Calif o rn ia- St an for d ba ske tba 11
game, scheduled for Friday.
January 20, .at the Cal Pa
vilion, go on sale this morning
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol at 8:30 o'clock, together
with rooter's tickets for the
Southern California - Stanford
games to be played in the Stan
ford Pavilion Friday and Sat
urday, January 13 and 14.
On sale to students at 40
cents, tickets wiil remain
availably until 5 o'clock to
morrow, if the supply is not
exhausted before that time. All
tickets not purchased by Stan
ford students will become
available to the general public
Wednesday morning, January
11. Students may present two
student body cards each.
Student ducats for the first.
Calif o rn ia- St an for d ba ske tba 11
game, scheduled for Friday.
January 20, .at the Cal Pa
vilion, go on sale this morning
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol at 8:30 o'clock, together
with rooter's tickets for the
Southern California - Stanford
games to be played in the Stan
ford Pavilion Friday and Sat
urday, January 13 and 14.
On sale to students at 40
cents, tickets wiil remain
availably until 5 o'clock to
morrow, if the supply is not
exhausted before that time. All
tickets not purchased by Stan
ford students will become
available to the general public
Wednesday morning, January
11. Students may present two
student body cards each.
Student ducats for the first.
Calif o rn ia- St an for d ba ske tba 11
game, scheduled for Friday.
January 20, .at the Cal Pa
vilion, go on sale this morning
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol at 8:30 o'clock, together
with rooter's tickets for the
Southern California - Stanford
games to be played in the Stan
ford Pavilion Friday and Sat
urday, January 13 and 14.
On sale to students at 40
cents, tickets wiil remain
availably until 5 o'clock to
morrow, if the supply is not
exhausted before that time. All
tickets not purchased by Stan
ford students will become
available to the general public
Wednesday morning, January
11. Students may present two
student body cards each.
Student ducats for the first.
Calif o rn ia- St an for d ba ske tba 11
game, scheduled for Friday.
January 20, .at the Cal Pa
vilion, go on sale this morning
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol at 8:30 o'clock, together
with rooter's tickets for the
Southern California - Stanford
games to be played in the Stan
ford Pavilion Friday and Sat
urday, January 13 and 14.
On sale to students at 40
cents, tickets wiil remain
availably until 5 o'clock to
morrow, if the supply is not
exhausted before that time. All
tickets not purchased by Stan
ford students will become
available to the general public
Wednesday morning, January
11. Students may present two
student body cards each.
Student ducats for the first.
Calif o rn ia- St an for d ba ske tba 11
game, scheduled for Friday.
January 20, .at the Cal Pa
vilion, go on sale this morning
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol at 8:30 o'clock, together
with rooter's tickets for the
Southern California - Stanford
games to be played in the Stan
ford Pavilion Friday and Sat
urday, January 13 and 14.
On sale to students at 40
cents, tickets wiil remain
availably until 5 o'clock to
morrow, if the supply is not
exhausted before that time. All
tickets not purchased by Stan
ford students will become
available to the general public
Wednesday morning, January
11. Students may present two
student body cards each.
Student ducats for the first.
Calif o rn ia- St an for d ba ske tba 11
game, scheduled for Friday.
January 20, .at the Cal Pa
vilion, go on sale this morning
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol at 8:30 o'clock, together
with rooter's tickets for the
Southern California - Stanford
games to be played in the Stan
ford Pavilion Friday and Sat
urday, January 13 and 14.
On sale to students at 40
cents, tickets wiil remain
availably until 5 o'clock to
morrow, if the supply is not
exhausted before that time. All
tickets not purchased by Stan
ford students will become
available to the general public
Wednesday morning, January
11. Students may present two
student body cards each.
Student ducats for the first.
Calif o rn ia- St an for d ba ske tba 11
game, scheduled for Friday.
January 20, .at the Cal Pa
vilion, go on sale this morning
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol at 8:30 o'clock, together
with rooter's tickets for the
Southern California - Stanford
games to be played in the Stan
ford Pavilion Friday and Sat
urday, January 13 and 14.
On sale to students at 40
cents, tickets wiil remain
availably until 5 o'clock to
morrow, if the supply is not
exhausted before that time. All
tickets not purchased by Stan
ford students will become
available to the general public
Wednesday morning, January
11. Students may present two
student body cards each.
Student ducats for the first.
Calif o rn ia- St an for d ba ske tba 11
game, scheduled for Friday.
January 20, .at the Cal Pa
vilion, go on sale this morning
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol at 8:30 o'clock, together
with rooter's tickets for the
Southern California - Stanford
games to be played in the Stan
ford Pavilion Friday and Sat
urday, January 13 and 14.
On sale to students at 40
cents, tickets wiil remain
availably until 5 o'clock to
morrow, if the supply is not
exhausted before that time. All
tickets not purchased by Stan
ford students will become
available to the general public
Wednesday morning, January
11. Students may present two
student body cards each.
Student ducats for the first.
Calif o rn ia- St an for d ba ske tba 11
game, scheduled for Friday.
January 20, .at the Cal Pa
vilion, go on sale this morning
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol at 8:30 o'clock, together
with rooter's tickets for the
Southern California - Stanford
games to be played in the Stan
ford Pavilion Friday and Sat
urday, January 13 and 14.
On sale to students at 40
cents, tickets wiil remain
availably until 5 o'clock to
morrow, if the supply is not
exhausted before that time. All
tickets not purchased by Stan
ford students will become
available to the general public
Wednesday morning, January
11. Students may present two
student body cards each.
Student ducats for the first.
Calif o rn ia- St an for d ba ske tba 11
game, scheduled for Friday.
January 20, .at the Cal Pa
vilion, go on sale this morning
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol at 8:30 o'clock, together
with rooter's tickets for the
Southern California - Stanford
games to be played in the Stan
ford Pavilion Friday and Sat
urday, January 13 and 14.
On sale to students at 40
cents, tickets wiil remain
availably until 5 o'clock to
morrow, if the supply is not
exhausted before that time. All
tickets not purchased by Stan
ford students will become
available to the general public
Wednesday morning, January
11. Students may present two
student body cards each.
Student ducats for the first.
Calif o rn ia- St an for d ba ske tba 11
game, scheduled for Friday.
January 20, .at the Cal Pa
vilion, go on sale this morning
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol at 8:30 o'clock, together
with rooter's tickets for the
Southern California - Stanford
games to be played in the Stan
ford Pavilion Friday and Sat
urday, January 13 and 14.
On sale to students at 40
cents, tickets wiil remain
availably until 5 o'clock to
morrow, if the supply is not
exhausted before that time. All
tickets not purchased by Stan
ford students will become
available to the general public
Wednesday morning, January
11. Students may present two
student body cards each.
Student ducats for the first.
Calif o rn ia- St an for d ba ske tba 11
game, scheduled for Friday.
January 20, .at the Cal Pa
vilion, go on sale this morning
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol at 8:30 o'clock, together
with rooter's tickets for the
Southern California - Stanford
games to be played in the Stan
ford Pavilion Friday and Sat
urday, January 13 and 14.
On sale to students at 40
cents, tickets wiil remain
availably until 5 o'clock to
morrow, if the supply is not
exhausted before that time. All
tickets not purchased by Stan
ford students will become
available to the general public
Wednesday morning, January
11. Students may present two
student body cards each.
Student ducats for the first.
Calif o rn ia- St an for d ba ske tba 11
game, scheduled for Friday.
January 20, .at the Cal Pa
vilion, go on sale this morning
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol at 8:30 o'clock, together
with rooter's tickets for the
Southern California - Stanford
games to be played in the Stan
ford Pavilion Friday and Sat
urday, January 13 and 14.
On sale to students at 40
cents, tickets wiil remain
availably until 5 o'clock to
morrow, if the supply is not
exhausted before that time. All
tickets not purchased by Stan
ford students will become
available to the general public
Wednesday morning, January
11. Students may present two
student body cards each.
Student ducats for the first.
Calif o rn ia- St an for d ba ske tba 11
game, scheduled for Friday.
January 20, .at the Cal Pa
vilion, go on sale this morning
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol at 8:30 o'clock, together
with rooter's tickets for the
Southern California - Stanford
games to be played in the Stan
ford Pavilion Friday and Sat
urday, January 13 and 14.
On sale to students at 40
cents, tickets wiil remain
availably until 5 o'clock to
morrow, if the supply is not
exhausted before that time. All
tickets not purchased by Stan
ford students will become
available to the general public
Wednesday morning, January
11. Students may present two
student body cards each.
Student ducats for the first.
Calif o rn ia- St an for d ba ske tba 11
game, scheduled for Friday.
January 20, .at the Cal Pa
vilion, go on sale this morning
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol at 8:30 o'clock, together
with rooter's tickets for the
Southern California - Stanford
games to be played in the Stan
ford Pavilion Friday and Sat
urday, January 13 and 14.
On sale to students at 40
cents, tickets wiil remain
availably until 5 o'clock to
morrow, if the supply is not
exhausted before that time. All
tickets not purchased by Stan
ford students will become
available to the general public
Wednesday morning, January
11. Students may present two
student body cards each.
Student ducats for the first.
Calif o rn ia- St an for d ba ske tba 11
game, scheduled for Friday.
January 20, .at the Cal Pa
vilion, go on sale this morning
at the Board of Athletic Con
trol at 8:30 o'clock, together
with rooter's tickets for the
Southern California - Stanford
games to be played in the Stan
ford Pavilion Friday and Sat
urday, January 13 and 14.
On sale to students at 40
cents, tickets wiil remain
availably until 5 o'clock to
morrow, if the supply is not
exhausted before that time. All
tickets not purchased by Stan
ford students will become
available to the general public
Wednesday morning, January
11. Students may present two
student body cards each.
