# Dame Ensemble To Give Program
## 
### 
Marian Van Tuyle, well-known
tlanseusc, and her group of student
dancers will present a concert of
modern dancing tomorrow night in
Memorial Hall auditorium as the
second program of the Tuesday Eve
ning Series for the winter quarter,
according to the Committee on Pub
lie Exercises, in charge of the series.
Instructor of dance at the Univer
sity of Chicago for the past ten
years, Miss Van Tuyle has been
prominent in Chicago where, with
her student dance group, she has
presented several concerts every
year, as well as giving lecture
demonstrations and concerts in col
leges and universities throughout
the Middle West.
An acknowledged authority in the
field of the modem dance, ihe dan
seuse has presented numerous pro
grams, in co-operation with the stu
dent symphony orchestra and the
music department of the University
of Chicago. Miss Van Tuyle and
her group has, for the past two
years, staged a demonstration of
dance composition before the Mid
west, Physical Education convention.
