# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
112 H t
Casual Summer Suit
in a
Rayon Sharkskin
• high buttoned jaunty collar
• side pockct trim
• covered buttons
white, yellow, beige, and
cocoa
sizes I 2 - IG
$25.00
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 H t
Casual Summer Suit
in a
Rayon Sharkskin
• high buttoned jaunty collar
• side pockct trim
• covered buttons
white, yellow, beige, and
cocoa
sizes I 2 - IG
$25.00
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 H t
Casual Summer Suit
in a
Rayon Sharkskin
• high buttoned jaunty collar
• side pockct trim
• covered buttons
white, yellow, beige, and
cocoa
sizes I 2 - IG
$25.00
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 H t
Casual Summer Suit
in a
Rayon Sharkskin
• high buttoned jaunty collar
• side pockct trim
• covered buttons
white, yellow, beige, and
cocoa
sizes I 2 - IG
$25.00
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 H t
Casual Summer Suit
in a
Rayon Sharkskin
• high buttoned jaunty collar
• side pockct trim
• covered buttons
white, yellow, beige, and
cocoa
sizes I 2 - IG
$25.00
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 H t
Casual Summer Suit
in a
Rayon Sharkskin
• high buttoned jaunty collar
• side pockct trim
• covered buttons
white, yellow, beige, and
cocoa
sizes I 2 - IG
$25.00
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 H t
Casual Summer Suit
in a
Rayon Sharkskin
• high buttoned jaunty collar
• side pockct trim
• covered buttons
white, yellow, beige, and
cocoa
sizes I 2 - IG
$25.00
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 H t
Casual Summer Suit
in a
Rayon Sharkskin
• high buttoned jaunty collar
• side pockct trim
• covered buttons
white, yellow, beige, and
cocoa
sizes I 2 - IG
$25.00
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 H t
Casual Summer Suit
in a
Rayon Sharkskin
• high buttoned jaunty collar
• side pockct trim
• covered buttons
white, yellow, beige, and
cocoa
sizes I 2 - IG
$25.00
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 H t
Casual Summer Suit
in a
Rayon Sharkskin
• high buttoned jaunty collar
• side pockct trim
• covered buttons
white, yellow, beige, and
cocoa
sizes I 2 - IG
$25.00
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 H t
Casual Summer Suit
in a
Rayon Sharkskin
• high buttoned jaunty collar
• side pockct trim
• covered buttons
white, yellow, beige, and
cocoa
sizes I 2 - IG
$25.00
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 H t
Casual Summer Suit
in a
Rayon Sharkskin
• high buttoned jaunty collar
• side pockct trim
• covered buttons
white, yellow, beige, and
cocoa
sizes I 2 - IG
$25.00
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 H t
Casual Summer Suit
in a
Rayon Sharkskin
• high buttoned jaunty collar
• side pockct trim
• covered buttons
white, yellow, beige, and
cocoa
sizes I 2 - IG
$25.00
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
112 H t
Casual Summer Suit
in a
Rayon Sharkskin
• high buttoned jaunty collar
• side pockct trim
• covered buttons
white, yellow, beige, and
cocoa
sizes I 2 - IG
$25.00
Phelps
Terftei
219 UNIVERSITY AVE.
