# Conference Here May 28 Stresses Brazil Potential
## 
### 
"Brazil and Its Possibilities" will
be the theme of the May 28-30 Stan
lord Conference on Brazil at which
the Brazilian Ambassador to the
United States will be an honored
cuest.

More than 150 university scholars,
government officials, representatives
of major industrial firms and of many
other fields will spend two days on
the university campus in panel dis
cussions on Brazilian affairs.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies at
Stanford and organizer of the con
ference, believed to be the biggest of
its kind ever held, said that the con
ference would have three aims:
1. To assess the potentialities of
the various regions of Brazil, and to
attempt to reach some general con
clusions about Brazil from these re
gional studies.
2. To survey the educational,
scholarly, and technical interests
which the United States has in Bra
zil.
3. To appraise the political, eco
i nomic, and cultural relations be
tween the United States and Brazil.
Among major speakers at the con
ference, besides the Ambassdaor and
his sister, Dona Carolina Nabuco,
Brazilian author, will be Ivan White
of the Department of State; George
Wythe, chief of the American Re
publics Branch of the Department of
Commerce's International Trade De
j partment, and Latin American schol
ars from such universities as Colum
bia, the Catholic University of Amer
ica, Vandcrbilt, Ohio State, Univcr-
I sity of Washington, University of
Oregon, University of California, and
Stanford.
"Brazil and Its Possibilities" will
be the theme of the May 28-30 Stan
lord Conference on Brazil at which
the Brazilian Ambassador to the
United States will be an honored
cuest.

More than 150 university scholars,
government officials, representatives
of major industrial firms and of many
other fields will spend two days on
the university campus in panel dis
cussions on Brazilian affairs.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies at
Stanford and organizer of the con
ference, believed to be the biggest of
its kind ever held, said that the con
ference would have three aims:
1. To assess the potentialities of
the various regions of Brazil, and to
attempt to reach some general con
clusions about Brazil from these re
gional studies.
2. To survey the educational,
scholarly, and technical interests
which the United States has in Bra
zil.
3. To appraise the political, eco
i nomic, and cultural relations be
tween the United States and Brazil.
Among major speakers at the con
ference, besides the Ambassdaor and
his sister, Dona Carolina Nabuco,
Brazilian author, will be Ivan White
of the Department of State; George
Wythe, chief of the American Re
publics Branch of the Department of
Commerce's International Trade De
j partment, and Latin American schol
ars from such universities as Colum
bia, the Catholic University of Amer
ica, Vandcrbilt, Ohio State, Univcr-
I sity of Washington, University of
Oregon, University of California, and
Stanford.
"Brazil and Its Possibilities" will
be the theme of the May 28-30 Stan
lord Conference on Brazil at which
the Brazilian Ambassador to the
United States will be an honored
cuest.

More than 150 university scholars,
government officials, representatives
of major industrial firms and of many
other fields will spend two days on
the university campus in panel dis
cussions on Brazilian affairs.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies at
Stanford and organizer of the con
ference, believed to be the biggest of
its kind ever held, said that the con
ference would have three aims:
1. To assess the potentialities of
the various regions of Brazil, and to
attempt to reach some general con
clusions about Brazil from these re
gional studies.
2. To survey the educational,
scholarly, and technical interests
which the United States has in Bra
zil.
3. To appraise the political, eco
i nomic, and cultural relations be
tween the United States and Brazil.
Among major speakers at the con
ference, besides the Ambassdaor and
his sister, Dona Carolina Nabuco,
Brazilian author, will be Ivan White
of the Department of State; George
Wythe, chief of the American Re
publics Branch of the Department of
Commerce's International Trade De
j partment, and Latin American schol
ars from such universities as Colum
bia, the Catholic University of Amer
ica, Vandcrbilt, Ohio State, Univcr-
I sity of Washington, University of
Oregon, University of California, and
Stanford.
"Brazil and Its Possibilities" will
be the theme of the May 28-30 Stan
lord Conference on Brazil at which
the Brazilian Ambassador to the
United States will be an honored
cuest.

More than 150 university scholars,
government officials, representatives
of major industrial firms and of many
other fields will spend two days on
the university campus in panel dis
cussions on Brazilian affairs.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies at
Stanford and organizer of the con
ference, believed to be the biggest of
its kind ever held, said that the con
ference would have three aims:
1. To assess the potentialities of
the various regions of Brazil, and to
attempt to reach some general con
clusions about Brazil from these re
gional studies.
2. To survey the educational,
scholarly, and technical interests
which the United States has in Bra
zil.
3. To appraise the political, eco
i nomic, and cultural relations be
tween the United States and Brazil.
Among major speakers at the con
ference, besides the Ambassdaor and
his sister, Dona Carolina Nabuco,
Brazilian author, will be Ivan White
of the Department of State; George
Wythe, chief of the American Re
publics Branch of the Department of
Commerce's International Trade De
j partment, and Latin American schol
ars from such universities as Colum
bia, the Catholic University of Amer
ica, Vandcrbilt, Ohio State, Univcr-
I sity of Washington, University of
Oregon, University of California, and
Stanford.
"Brazil and Its Possibilities" will
be the theme of the May 28-30 Stan
lord Conference on Brazil at which
the Brazilian Ambassador to the
United States will be an honored
cuest.

More than 150 university scholars,
government officials, representatives
of major industrial firms and of many
other fields will spend two days on
the university campus in panel dis
cussions on Brazilian affairs.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies at
Stanford and organizer of the con
ference, believed to be the biggest of
its kind ever held, said that the con
ference would have three aims:
1. To assess the potentialities of
the various regions of Brazil, and to
attempt to reach some general con
clusions about Brazil from these re
gional studies.
2. To survey the educational,
scholarly, and technical interests
which the United States has in Bra
zil.
3. To appraise the political, eco
i nomic, and cultural relations be
tween the United States and Brazil.
Among major speakers at the con
ference, besides the Ambassdaor and
his sister, Dona Carolina Nabuco,
Brazilian author, will be Ivan White
of the Department of State; George
Wythe, chief of the American Re
publics Branch of the Department of
Commerce's International Trade De
j partment, and Latin American schol
ars from such universities as Colum
bia, the Catholic University of Amer
ica, Vandcrbilt, Ohio State, Univcr-
I sity of Washington, University of
Oregon, University of California, and
Stanford.
"Brazil and Its Possibilities" will
be the theme of the May 28-30 Stan
lord Conference on Brazil at which
the Brazilian Ambassador to the
United States will be an honored
cuest.

More than 150 university scholars,
government officials, representatives
of major industrial firms and of many
other fields will spend two days on
the university campus in panel dis
cussions on Brazilian affairs.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies at
Stanford and organizer of the con
ference, believed to be the biggest of
its kind ever held, said that the con
ference would have three aims:
1. To assess the potentialities of
the various regions of Brazil, and to
attempt to reach some general con
clusions about Brazil from these re
gional studies.
2. To survey the educational,
scholarly, and technical interests
which the United States has in Bra
zil.
3. To appraise the political, eco
i nomic, and cultural relations be
tween the United States and Brazil.
Among major speakers at the con
ference, besides the Ambassdaor and
his sister, Dona Carolina Nabuco,
Brazilian author, will be Ivan White
of the Department of State; George
Wythe, chief of the American Re
publics Branch of the Department of
Commerce's International Trade De
j partment, and Latin American schol
ars from such universities as Colum
bia, the Catholic University of Amer
ica, Vandcrbilt, Ohio State, Univcr-
I sity of Washington, University of
Oregon, University of California, and
Stanford.
"Brazil and Its Possibilities" will
be the theme of the May 28-30 Stan
lord Conference on Brazil at which
the Brazilian Ambassador to the
United States will be an honored
cuest.

More than 150 university scholars,
government officials, representatives
of major industrial firms and of many
other fields will spend two days on
the university campus in panel dis
cussions on Brazilian affairs.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies at
Stanford and organizer of the con
ference, believed to be the biggest of
its kind ever held, said that the con
ference would have three aims:
1. To assess the potentialities of
the various regions of Brazil, and to
attempt to reach some general con
clusions about Brazil from these re
gional studies.
2. To survey the educational,
scholarly, and technical interests
which the United States has in Bra
zil.
3. To appraise the political, eco
i nomic, and cultural relations be
tween the United States and Brazil.
Among major speakers at the con
ference, besides the Ambassdaor and
his sister, Dona Carolina Nabuco,
Brazilian author, will be Ivan White
of the Department of State; George
Wythe, chief of the American Re
publics Branch of the Department of
Commerce's International Trade De
j partment, and Latin American schol
ars from such universities as Colum
bia, the Catholic University of Amer
ica, Vandcrbilt, Ohio State, Univcr-
I sity of Washington, University of
Oregon, University of California, and
Stanford.
"Brazil and Its Possibilities" will
be the theme of the May 28-30 Stan
lord Conference on Brazil at which
the Brazilian Ambassador to the
United States will be an honored
cuest.

More than 150 university scholars,
government officials, representatives
of major industrial firms and of many
other fields will spend two days on
the university campus in panel dis
cussions on Brazilian affairs.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies at
Stanford and organizer of the con
ference, believed to be the biggest of
its kind ever held, said that the con
ference would have three aims:
1. To assess the potentialities of
the various regions of Brazil, and to
attempt to reach some general con
clusions about Brazil from these re
gional studies.
2. To survey the educational,
scholarly, and technical interests
which the United States has in Bra
zil.
3. To appraise the political, eco
i nomic, and cultural relations be
tween the United States and Brazil.
Among major speakers at the con
ference, besides the Ambassdaor and
his sister, Dona Carolina Nabuco,
Brazilian author, will be Ivan White
of the Department of State; George
Wythe, chief of the American Re
publics Branch of the Department of
Commerce's International Trade De
j partment, and Latin American schol
ars from such universities as Colum
bia, the Catholic University of Amer
ica, Vandcrbilt, Ohio State, Univcr-
I sity of Washington, University of
Oregon, University of California, and
Stanford.
"Brazil and Its Possibilities" will
be the theme of the May 28-30 Stan
lord Conference on Brazil at which
the Brazilian Ambassador to the
United States will be an honored
cuest.

More than 150 university scholars,
government officials, representatives
of major industrial firms and of many
other fields will spend two days on
the university campus in panel dis
cussions on Brazilian affairs.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies at
Stanford and organizer of the con
ference, believed to be the biggest of
its kind ever held, said that the con
ference would have three aims:
1. To assess the potentialities of
the various regions of Brazil, and to
attempt to reach some general con
clusions about Brazil from these re
gional studies.
2. To survey the educational,
scholarly, and technical interests
which the United States has in Bra
zil.
3. To appraise the political, eco
i nomic, and cultural relations be
tween the United States and Brazil.
Among major speakers at the con
ference, besides the Ambassdaor and
his sister, Dona Carolina Nabuco,
Brazilian author, will be Ivan White
of the Department of State; George
Wythe, chief of the American Re
publics Branch of the Department of
Commerce's International Trade De
j partment, and Latin American schol
ars from such universities as Colum
bia, the Catholic University of Amer
ica, Vandcrbilt, Ohio State, Univcr-
I sity of Washington, University of
Oregon, University of California, and
Stanford.
"Brazil and Its Possibilities" will
be the theme of the May 28-30 Stan
lord Conference on Brazil at which
the Brazilian Ambassador to the
United States will be an honored
cuest.

More than 150 university scholars,
government officials, representatives
of major industrial firms and of many
other fields will spend two days on
the university campus in panel dis
cussions on Brazilian affairs.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies at
Stanford and organizer of the con
ference, believed to be the biggest of
its kind ever held, said that the con
ference would have three aims:
1. To assess the potentialities of
the various regions of Brazil, and to
attempt to reach some general con
clusions about Brazil from these re
gional studies.
2. To survey the educational,
scholarly, and technical interests
which the United States has in Bra
zil.
3. To appraise the political, eco
i nomic, and cultural relations be
tween the United States and Brazil.
Among major speakers at the con
ference, besides the Ambassdaor and
his sister, Dona Carolina Nabuco,
Brazilian author, will be Ivan White
of the Department of State; George
Wythe, chief of the American Re
publics Branch of the Department of
Commerce's International Trade De
j partment, and Latin American schol
ars from such universities as Colum
bia, the Catholic University of Amer
ica, Vandcrbilt, Ohio State, Univcr-
I sity of Washington, University of
Oregon, University of California, and
Stanford.
"Brazil and Its Possibilities" will
be the theme of the May 28-30 Stan
lord Conference on Brazil at which
the Brazilian Ambassador to the
United States will be an honored
cuest.

More than 150 university scholars,
government officials, representatives
of major industrial firms and of many
other fields will spend two days on
the university campus in panel dis
cussions on Brazilian affairs.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies at
Stanford and organizer of the con
ference, believed to be the biggest of
its kind ever held, said that the con
ference would have three aims:
1. To assess the potentialities of
the various regions of Brazil, and to
attempt to reach some general con
clusions about Brazil from these re
gional studies.
2. To survey the educational,
scholarly, and technical interests
which the United States has in Bra
zil.
3. To appraise the political, eco
i nomic, and cultural relations be
tween the United States and Brazil.
Among major speakers at the con
ference, besides the Ambassdaor and
his sister, Dona Carolina Nabuco,
Brazilian author, will be Ivan White
of the Department of State; George
Wythe, chief of the American Re
publics Branch of the Department of
Commerce's International Trade De
j partment, and Latin American schol
ars from such universities as Colum
bia, the Catholic University of Amer
ica, Vandcrbilt, Ohio State, Univcr-
I sity of Washington, University of
Oregon, University of California, and
Stanford.
"Brazil and Its Possibilities" will
be the theme of the May 28-30 Stan
lord Conference on Brazil at which
the Brazilian Ambassador to the
United States will be an honored
cuest.

More than 150 university scholars,
government officials, representatives
of major industrial firms and of many
other fields will spend two days on
the university campus in panel dis
cussions on Brazilian affairs.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies at
Stanford and organizer of the con
ference, believed to be the biggest of
its kind ever held, said that the con
ference would have three aims:
1. To assess the potentialities of
the various regions of Brazil, and to
attempt to reach some general con
clusions about Brazil from these re
gional studies.
2. To survey the educational,
scholarly, and technical interests
which the United States has in Bra
zil.
3. To appraise the political, eco
i nomic, and cultural relations be
tween the United States and Brazil.
Among major speakers at the con
ference, besides the Ambassdaor and
his sister, Dona Carolina Nabuco,
Brazilian author, will be Ivan White
of the Department of State; George
Wythe, chief of the American Re
publics Branch of the Department of
Commerce's International Trade De
j partment, and Latin American schol
ars from such universities as Colum
bia, the Catholic University of Amer
ica, Vandcrbilt, Ohio State, Univcr-
I sity of Washington, University of
Oregon, University of California, and
Stanford.
"Brazil and Its Possibilities" will
be the theme of the May 28-30 Stan
lord Conference on Brazil at which
the Brazilian Ambassador to the
United States will be an honored
cuest.

More than 150 university scholars,
government officials, representatives
of major industrial firms and of many
other fields will spend two days on
the university campus in panel dis
cussions on Brazilian affairs.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies at
Stanford and organizer of the con
ference, believed to be the biggest of
its kind ever held, said that the con
ference would have three aims:
1. To assess the potentialities of
the various regions of Brazil, and to
attempt to reach some general con
clusions about Brazil from these re
gional studies.
2. To survey the educational,
scholarly, and technical interests
which the United States has in Bra
zil.
3. To appraise the political, eco
i nomic, and cultural relations be
tween the United States and Brazil.
Among major speakers at the con
ference, besides the Ambassdaor and
his sister, Dona Carolina Nabuco,
Brazilian author, will be Ivan White
of the Department of State; George
Wythe, chief of the American Re
publics Branch of the Department of
Commerce's International Trade De
j partment, and Latin American schol
ars from such universities as Colum
bia, the Catholic University of Amer
ica, Vandcrbilt, Ohio State, Univcr-
I sity of Washington, University of
Oregon, University of California, and
Stanford.
"Brazil and Its Possibilities" will
be the theme of the May 28-30 Stan
lord Conference on Brazil at which
the Brazilian Ambassador to the
United States will be an honored
cuest.

More than 150 university scholars,
government officials, representatives
of major industrial firms and of many
other fields will spend two days on
the university campus in panel dis
cussions on Brazilian affairs.
Professor Ronald Hilton, Director
of Hispanic American Studies at
Stanford and organizer of the con
ference, believed to be the biggest of
its kind ever held, said that the con
ference would have three aims:
1. To assess the potentialities of
the various regions of Brazil, and to
attempt to reach some general con
clusions about Brazil from these re
gional studies.
2. To survey the educational,
scholarly, and technical interests
which the United States has in Bra
zil.
3. To appraise the political, eco
i nomic, and cultural relations be
tween the United States and Brazil.
Among major speakers at the con
ference, besides the Ambassdaor and
his sister, Dona Carolina Nabuco,
Brazilian author, will be Ivan White
of the Department of State; George
Wythe, chief of the American Re
publics Branch of the Department of
Commerce's International Trade De
j partment, and Latin American schol
ars from such universities as Colum
bia, the Catholic University of Amer
ica, Vandcrbilt, Ohio State, Univcr-
I sity of Washington, University of
Oregon, University of California, and
Stanford.
