# Adv. 7 Page 2
## 
### 
INQUIRER’S CLASS
with a view to possible
CONFIRMATION, or as a
REFRESHER COURSE in the
faith, history and ways of
the Church.
EACH THURSDAY
7:30 P.M.
at
CANTERBURY HOUSE
1176 Emerson Sf. Polo Alio
DA 2-9323
INQUIRER’S CLASS
with a view to possible
CONFIRMATION, or as a
REFRESHER COURSE in the
faith, history and ways of
the Church.
EACH THURSDAY
7:30 P.M.
at
CANTERBURY HOUSE
1176 Emerson Sf. Polo Alio
DA 2-9323
INQUIRER’S CLASS
with a view to possible
CONFIRMATION, or as a
REFRESHER COURSE in the
faith, history and ways of
the Church.
EACH THURSDAY
7:30 P.M.
at
CANTERBURY HOUSE
1176 Emerson Sf. Polo Alio
DA 2-9323
INQUIRER’S CLASS
with a view to possible
CONFIRMATION, or as a
REFRESHER COURSE in the
faith, history and ways of
the Church.
EACH THURSDAY
7:30 P.M.
at
CANTERBURY HOUSE
1176 Emerson Sf. Polo Alio
DA 2-9323
INQUIRER’S CLASS
with a view to possible
CONFIRMATION, or as a
REFRESHER COURSE in the
faith, history and ways of
the Church.
EACH THURSDAY
7:30 P.M.
at
CANTERBURY HOUSE
1176 Emerson Sf. Polo Alio
DA 2-9323
INQUIRER’S CLASS
with a view to possible
CONFIRMATION, or as a
REFRESHER COURSE in the
faith, history and ways of
the Church.
EACH THURSDAY
7:30 P.M.
at
CANTERBURY HOUSE
1176 Emerson Sf. Polo Alio
DA 2-9323
INQUIRER’S CLASS
with a view to possible
CONFIRMATION, or as a
REFRESHER COURSE in the
faith, history and ways of
the Church.
EACH THURSDAY
7:30 P.M.
at
CANTERBURY HOUSE
1176 Emerson Sf. Polo Alio
DA 2-9323
INQUIRER’S CLASS
with a view to possible
CONFIRMATION, or as a
REFRESHER COURSE in the
faith, history and ways of
the Church.
EACH THURSDAY
7:30 P.M.
at
CANTERBURY HOUSE
1176 Emerson Sf. Polo Alio
DA 2-9323
INQUIRER’S CLASS
with a view to possible
CONFIRMATION, or as a
REFRESHER COURSE in the
faith, history and ways of
the Church.
EACH THURSDAY
7:30 P.M.
at
CANTERBURY HOUSE
1176 Emerson Sf. Polo Alio
DA 2-9323
INQUIRER’S CLASS
with a view to possible
CONFIRMATION, or as a
REFRESHER COURSE in the
faith, history and ways of
the Church.
EACH THURSDAY
7:30 P.M.
at
CANTERBURY HOUSE
1176 Emerson Sf. Polo Alio
DA 2-9323
INQUIRER’S CLASS
with a view to possible
CONFIRMATION, or as a
REFRESHER COURSE in the
faith, history and ways of
the Church.
EACH THURSDAY
7:30 P.M.
at
CANTERBURY HOUSE
1176 Emerson Sf. Polo Alio
DA 2-9323
INQUIRER’S CLASS
with a view to possible
CONFIRMATION, or as a
REFRESHER COURSE in the
faith, history and ways of
the Church.
EACH THURSDAY
7:30 P.M.
at
CANTERBURY HOUSE
1176 Emerson Sf. Polo Alio
DA 2-9323
INQUIRER’S CLASS
with a view to possible
CONFIRMATION, or as a
REFRESHER COURSE in the
faith, history and ways of
the Church.
EACH THURSDAY
7:30 P.M.
at
CANTERBURY HOUSE
1176 Emerson Sf. Polo Alio
DA 2-9323
INQUIRER’S CLASS
with a view to possible
CONFIRMATION, or as a
REFRESHER COURSE in the
faith, history and ways of
the Church.
EACH THURSDAY
7:30 P.M.
at
CANTERBURY HOUSE
1176 Emerson Sf. Polo Alio
DA 2-9323
INQUIRER’S CLASS
with a view to possible
CONFIRMATION, or as a
REFRESHER COURSE in the
faith, history and ways of
the Church.
EACH THURSDAY
7:30 P.M.
at
CANTERBURY HOUSE
1176 Emerson Sf. Polo Alio
DA 2-9323
INQUIRER’S CLASS
with a view to possible
CONFIRMATION, or as a
REFRESHER COURSE in the
faith, history and ways of
the Church.
EACH THURSDAY
7:30 P.M.
at
CANTERBURY HOUSE
1176 Emerson Sf. Polo Alio
DA 2-9323
INQUIRER’S CLASS
with a view to possible
CONFIRMATION, or as a
REFRESHER COURSE in the
faith, history and ways of
the Church.
EACH THURSDAY
7:30 P.M.
at
CANTERBURY HOUSE
1176 Emerson Sf. Polo Alio
DA 2-9323
