# Nitery Rides Free—If Can Find Truck
## Cardinal Plans Call For Soda Service, Radio; B.A.C. Must Approve 
### DAVE LEFF 
Plying a schedule between the li be
and golf course Saturday night, "The
Nitery Spccial" will transport coup
les to Stanford's new campus dance
dive if a truck can be obtained,
pending confirmation of Cardinal
plans.
The B.A.C. operates the links club
house and must give pel-mission be
fore a radio-phonograph dance may
be held there.
Cardinals have appointed Ruth
Goodan, Betty Grover, and Jeeb
Halaby to see to this and to pro
vide canned music, decorations, soda
fountain service, and regular trans
portation. The golf club nitery will
be wide open to dancers beginning
Saturday from eight until as far into
the night as the trade warrants.
Union Annex?
If sufficient interest is evinced in
a free on-campus dance spot, a per
manent edifice will be erected.
Comptroller Roth has suggested
building an annex to the Union, at a
cost of $25,000, or using the Union
dining room on certain nights during
the week.
The idea of converting Lagunita
boathouse into a country club dance
hall has been definitely scrapped as
being too expensive.
The U.S.C. dance having been re
ported successful, November 7 was
set for an after-Washington affair.
Jack Calderwood is charged with
necessary arrangements which speci
fy novelty in decorations and in the
type of dance to be offered.
Bonfire Progresses
Although bonfire plans are pro
gressing satisfactorily, Jeeb Halaby
leported a need for the intermittent
use of trucks to call for materials,
and a demand for material itself.
Aii house managers, sponsors, Palo
Alto residents and others are re
quested to, give Halaby—phone 8955
—notice of any available waste mat
ter in quantities sufficient for the
bonfire.
Volunteers too are needed to inter
view brewers, warehousers, and such
for possible consignments of barrels,
crates, or spare wood in general.
Parenthetically, the blaze chairman
commted, "If worst comes to worst,
we can use the Beta house."
Red Cross Drive
The annual Red Cross drive starts
Armistice Day, November 11, with
John Rice named as publicity chair
man. Cardinals will amplify drive
plans at future sessions.
Encina will hold an all - frosh
smoker the Tuesday preceding
Thursday, November 19. when the
Big Game rally and bonfire is to be
staged.
Plying a schedule between the li be
and golf course Saturday night, "The
Nitery Spccial" will transport coup
les to Stanford's new campus dance
dive if a truck can be obtained,
pending confirmation of Cardinal
plans.
The B.A.C. operates the links club
house and must give pel-mission be
fore a radio-phonograph dance may
be held there.
Cardinals have appointed Ruth
Goodan, Betty Grover, and Jeeb
Halaby to see to this and to pro
vide canned music, decorations, soda
fountain service, and regular trans
portation. The golf club nitery will
be wide open to dancers beginning
Saturday from eight until as far into
the night as the trade warrants.
Union Annex?
If sufficient interest is evinced in
a free on-campus dance spot, a per
manent edifice will be erected.
Comptroller Roth has suggested
building an annex to the Union, at a
cost of $25,000, or using the Union
dining room on certain nights during
the week.
The idea of converting Lagunita
boathouse into a country club dance
hall has been definitely scrapped as
being too expensive.
The U.S.C. dance having been re
ported successful, November 7 was
set for an after-Washington affair.
Jack Calderwood is charged with
necessary arrangements which speci
fy novelty in decorations and in the
type of dance to be offered.
Bonfire Progresses
Although bonfire plans are pro
gressing satisfactorily, Jeeb Halaby
leported a need for the intermittent
use of trucks to call for materials,
and a demand for material itself.
Aii house managers, sponsors, Palo
Alto residents and others are re
quested to, give Halaby—phone 8955
—notice of any available waste mat
ter in quantities sufficient for the
bonfire.
Volunteers too are needed to inter
view brewers, warehousers, and such
for possible consignments of barrels,
crates, or spare wood in general.
Parenthetically, the blaze chairman
commted, "If worst comes to worst,
we can use the Beta house."
Red Cross Drive
The annual Red Cross drive starts
Armistice Day, November 11, with
John Rice named as publicity chair
man. Cardinals will amplify drive
plans at future sessions.
Encina will hold an all - frosh
smoker the Tuesday preceding
Thursday, November 19. when the
Big Game rally and bonfire is to be
staged.
Plying a schedule between the li be
and golf course Saturday night, "The
Nitery Spccial" will transport coup
les to Stanford's new campus dance
dive if a truck can be obtained,
pending confirmation of Cardinal
plans.
The B.A.C. operates the links club
house and must give pel-mission be
fore a radio-phonograph dance may
be held there.
Cardinals have appointed Ruth
Goodan, Betty Grover, and Jeeb
Halaby to see to this and to pro
vide canned music, decorations, soda
fountain service, and regular trans
portation. The golf club nitery will
be wide open to dancers beginning
Saturday from eight until as far into
the night as the trade warrants.
Union Annex?
If sufficient interest is evinced in
a free on-campus dance spot, a per
manent edifice will be erected.
Comptroller Roth has suggested
building an annex to the Union, at a
cost of $25,000, or using the Union
dining room on certain nights during
the week.
The idea of converting Lagunita
boathouse into a country club dance
hall has been definitely scrapped as
being too expensive.
The U.S.C. dance having been re
ported successful, November 7 was
set for an after-Washington affair.
Jack Calderwood is charged with
necessary arrangements which speci
fy novelty in decorations and in the
type of dance to be offered.
Bonfire Progresses
Although bonfire plans are pro
gressing satisfactorily, Jeeb Halaby
leported a need for the intermittent
use of trucks to call for materials,
and a demand for material itself.
Aii house managers, sponsors, Palo
Alto residents and others are re
quested to, give Halaby—phone 8955
—notice of any available waste mat
ter in quantities sufficient for the
bonfire.
Volunteers too are needed to inter
view brewers, warehousers, and such
for possible consignments of barrels,
crates, or spare wood in general.
Parenthetically, the blaze chairman
commted, "If worst comes to worst,
we can use the Beta house."
Red Cross Drive
The annual Red Cross drive starts
Armistice Day, November 11, with
John Rice named as publicity chair
man. Cardinals will amplify drive
plans at future sessions.
Encina will hold an all - frosh
smoker the Tuesday preceding
Thursday, November 19. when the
Big Game rally and bonfire is to be
staged.
Plying a schedule between the li be
and golf course Saturday night, "The
Nitery Spccial" will transport coup
les to Stanford's new campus dance
dive if a truck can be obtained,
pending confirmation of Cardinal
plans.
The B.A.C. operates the links club
house and must give pel-mission be
fore a radio-phonograph dance may
be held there.
Cardinals have appointed Ruth
Goodan, Betty Grover, and Jeeb
Halaby to see to this and to pro
vide canned music, decorations, soda
fountain service, and regular trans
portation. The golf club nitery will
be wide open to dancers beginning
Saturday from eight until as far into
the night as the trade warrants.
Union Annex?
If sufficient interest is evinced in
a free on-campus dance spot, a per
manent edifice will be erected.
Comptroller Roth has suggested
building an annex to the Union, at a
cost of $25,000, or using the Union
dining room on certain nights during
the week.
The idea of converting Lagunita
boathouse into a country club dance
hall has been definitely scrapped as
being too expensive.
The U.S.C. dance having been re
ported successful, November 7 was
set for an after-Washington affair.
Jack Calderwood is charged with
necessary arrangements which speci
fy novelty in decorations and in the
type of dance to be offered.
Bonfire Progresses
Although bonfire plans are pro
gressing satisfactorily, Jeeb Halaby
leported a need for the intermittent
use of trucks to call for materials,
and a demand for material itself.
Aii house managers, sponsors, Palo
Alto residents and others are re
quested to, give Halaby—phone 8955
—notice of any available waste mat
ter in quantities sufficient for the
bonfire.
Volunteers too are needed to inter
view brewers, warehousers, and such
for possible consignments of barrels,
crates, or spare wood in general.
Parenthetically, the blaze chairman
commted, "If worst comes to worst,
we can use the Beta house."
Red Cross Drive
The annual Red Cross drive starts
Armistice Day, November 11, with
John Rice named as publicity chair
man. Cardinals will amplify drive
plans at future sessions.
Encina will hold an all - frosh
smoker the Tuesday preceding
Thursday, November 19. when the
Big Game rally and bonfire is to be
staged.
Plying a schedule between the li be
and golf course Saturday night, "The
Nitery Spccial" will transport coup
les to Stanford's new campus dance
dive if a truck can be obtained,
pending confirmation of Cardinal
plans.
The B.A.C. operates the links club
house and must give pel-mission be
fore a radio-phonograph dance may
be held there.
Cardinals have appointed Ruth
Goodan, Betty Grover, and Jeeb
Halaby to see to this and to pro
vide canned music, decorations, soda
fountain service, and regular trans
portation. The golf club nitery will
be wide open to dancers beginning
Saturday from eight until as far into
the night as the trade warrants.
Union Annex?
If sufficient interest is evinced in
a free on-campus dance spot, a per
manent edifice will be erected.
Comptroller Roth has suggested
building an annex to the Union, at a
cost of $25,000, or using the Union
dining room on certain nights during
the week.
The idea of converting Lagunita
boathouse into a country club dance
hall has been definitely scrapped as
being too expensive.
The U.S.C. dance having been re
ported successful, November 7 was
set for an after-Washington affair.
Jack Calderwood is charged with
necessary arrangements which speci
fy novelty in decorations and in the
type of dance to be offered.
Bonfire Progresses
Although bonfire plans are pro
gressing satisfactorily, Jeeb Halaby
leported a need for the intermittent
use of trucks to call for materials,
and a demand for material itself.
Aii house managers, sponsors, Palo
Alto residents and others are re
quested to, give Halaby—phone 8955
—notice of any available waste mat
ter in quantities sufficient for the
bonfire.
Volunteers too are needed to inter
view brewers, warehousers, and such
for possible consignments of barrels,
crates, or spare wood in general.
Parenthetically, the blaze chairman
commted, "If worst comes to worst,
we can use the Beta house."
Red Cross Drive
The annual Red Cross drive starts
Armistice Day, November 11, with
John Rice named as publicity chair
man. Cardinals will amplify drive
plans at future sessions.
Encina will hold an all - frosh
smoker the Tuesday preceding
Thursday, November 19. when the
Big Game rally and bonfire is to be
staged.
Plying a schedule between the li be
and golf course Saturday night, "The
Nitery Spccial" will transport coup
les to Stanford's new campus dance
dive if a truck can be obtained,
pending confirmation of Cardinal
plans.
The B.A.C. operates the links club
house and must give pel-mission be
fore a radio-phonograph dance may
be held there.
Cardinals have appointed Ruth
Goodan, Betty Grover, and Jeeb
Halaby to see to this and to pro
vide canned music, decorations, soda
fountain service, and regular trans
portation. The golf club nitery will
be wide open to dancers beginning
Saturday from eight until as far into
the night as the trade warrants.
Union Annex?
If sufficient interest is evinced in
a free on-campus dance spot, a per
manent edifice will be erected.
Comptroller Roth has suggested
building an annex to the Union, at a
cost of $25,000, or using the Union
dining room on certain nights during
the week.
The idea of converting Lagunita
boathouse into a country club dance
hall has been definitely scrapped as
being too expensive.
The U.S.C. dance having been re
ported successful, November 7 was
set for an after-Washington affair.
Jack Calderwood is charged with
necessary arrangements which speci
fy novelty in decorations and in the
type of dance to be offered.
Bonfire Progresses
Although bonfire plans are pro
gressing satisfactorily, Jeeb Halaby
leported a need for the intermittent
use of trucks to call for materials,
and a demand for material itself.
Aii house managers, sponsors, Palo
Alto residents and others are re
quested to, give Halaby—phone 8955
—notice of any available waste mat
ter in quantities sufficient for the
bonfire.
Volunteers too are needed to inter
view brewers, warehousers, and such
for possible consignments of barrels,
crates, or spare wood in general.
Parenthetically, the blaze chairman
commted, "If worst comes to worst,
we can use the Beta house."
Red Cross Drive
The annual Red Cross drive starts
Armistice Day, November 11, with
John Rice named as publicity chair
man. Cardinals will amplify drive
plans at future sessions.
Encina will hold an all - frosh
smoker the Tuesday preceding
Thursday, November 19. when the
Big Game rally and bonfire is to be
staged.
Plying a schedule between the li be
and golf course Saturday night, "The
Nitery Spccial" will transport coup
les to Stanford's new campus dance
dive if a truck can be obtained,
pending confirmation of Cardinal
plans.
The B.A.C. operates the links club
house and must give pel-mission be
fore a radio-phonograph dance may
be held there.
Cardinals have appointed Ruth
Goodan, Betty Grover, and Jeeb
Halaby to see to this and to pro
vide canned music, decorations, soda
fountain service, and regular trans
portation. The golf club nitery will
be wide open to dancers beginning
Saturday from eight until as far into
the night as the trade warrants.
Union Annex?
If sufficient interest is evinced in
a free on-campus dance spot, a per
manent edifice will be erected.
Comptroller Roth has suggested
building an annex to the Union, at a
cost of $25,000, or using the Union
dining room on certain nights during
the week.
The idea of converting Lagunita
boathouse into a country club dance
hall has been definitely scrapped as
being too expensive.
The U.S.C. dance having been re
ported successful, November 7 was
set for an after-Washington affair.
Jack Calderwood is charged with
necessary arrangements which speci
fy novelty in decorations and in the
type of dance to be offered.
Bonfire Progresses
Although bonfire plans are pro
gressing satisfactorily, Jeeb Halaby
leported a need for the intermittent
use of trucks to call for materials,
and a demand for material itself.
Aii house managers, sponsors, Palo
Alto residents and others are re
quested to, give Halaby—phone 8955
—notice of any available waste mat
ter in quantities sufficient for the
bonfire.
Volunteers too are needed to inter
view brewers, warehousers, and such
for possible consignments of barrels,
crates, or spare wood in general.
Parenthetically, the blaze chairman
commted, "If worst comes to worst,
we can use the Beta house."
Red Cross Drive
The annual Red Cross drive starts
Armistice Day, November 11, with
John Rice named as publicity chair
man. Cardinals will amplify drive
plans at future sessions.
Encina will hold an all - frosh
smoker the Tuesday preceding
Thursday, November 19. when the
Big Game rally and bonfire is to be
staged.
Plying a schedule between the li be
and golf course Saturday night, "The
Nitery Spccial" will transport coup
les to Stanford's new campus dance
dive if a truck can be obtained,
pending confirmation of Cardinal
plans.
The B.A.C. operates the links club
house and must give pel-mission be
fore a radio-phonograph dance may
be held there.
Cardinals have appointed Ruth
Goodan, Betty Grover, and Jeeb
Halaby to see to this and to pro
vide canned music, decorations, soda
fountain service, and regular trans
portation. The golf club nitery will
be wide open to dancers beginning
Saturday from eight until as far into
the night as the trade warrants.
Union Annex?
If sufficient interest is evinced in
a free on-campus dance spot, a per
manent edifice will be erected.
Comptroller Roth has suggested
building an annex to the Union, at a
cost of $25,000, or using the Union
dining room on certain nights during
the week.
The idea of converting Lagunita
boathouse into a country club dance
hall has been definitely scrapped as
being too expensive.
The U.S.C. dance having been re
ported successful, November 7 was
set for an after-Washington affair.
Jack Calderwood is charged with
necessary arrangements which speci
fy novelty in decorations and in the
type of dance to be offered.
Bonfire Progresses
Although bonfire plans are pro
gressing satisfactorily, Jeeb Halaby
leported a need for the intermittent
use of trucks to call for materials,
and a demand for material itself.
Aii house managers, sponsors, Palo
Alto residents and others are re
quested to, give Halaby—phone 8955
—notice of any available waste mat
ter in quantities sufficient for the
bonfire.
Volunteers too are needed to inter
view brewers, warehousers, and such
for possible consignments of barrels,
crates, or spare wood in general.
Parenthetically, the blaze chairman
commted, "If worst comes to worst,
we can use the Beta house."
Red Cross Drive
The annual Red Cross drive starts
Armistice Day, November 11, with
John Rice named as publicity chair
man. Cardinals will amplify drive
plans at future sessions.
Encina will hold an all - frosh
smoker the Tuesday preceding
Thursday, November 19. when the
Big Game rally and bonfire is to be
staged.
Plying a schedule between the li be
and golf course Saturday night, "The
Nitery Spccial" will transport coup
les to Stanford's new campus dance
dive if a truck can be obtained,
pending confirmation of Cardinal
plans.
The B.A.C. operates the links club
house and must give pel-mission be
fore a radio-phonograph dance may
be held there.
Cardinals have appointed Ruth
Goodan, Betty Grover, and Jeeb
Halaby to see to this and to pro
vide canned music, decorations, soda
fountain service, and regular trans
portation. The golf club nitery will
be wide open to dancers beginning
Saturday from eight until as far into
the night as the trade warrants.
Union Annex?
If sufficient interest is evinced in
a free on-campus dance spot, a per
manent edifice will be erected.
Comptroller Roth has suggested
building an annex to the Union, at a
cost of $25,000, or using the Union
dining room on certain nights during
the week.
The idea of converting Lagunita
boathouse into a country club dance
hall has been definitely scrapped as
being too expensive.
The U.S.C. dance having been re
ported successful, November 7 was
set for an after-Washington affair.
Jack Calderwood is charged with
necessary arrangements which speci
fy novelty in decorations and in the
type of dance to be offered.
Bonfire Progresses
Although bonfire plans are pro
gressing satisfactorily, Jeeb Halaby
leported a need for the intermittent
use of trucks to call for materials,
and a demand for material itself.
Aii house managers, sponsors, Palo
Alto residents and others are re
quested to, give Halaby—phone 8955
—notice of any available waste mat
ter in quantities sufficient for the
bonfire.
Volunteers too are needed to inter
view brewers, warehousers, and such
for possible consignments of barrels,
crates, or spare wood in general.
Parenthetically, the blaze chairman
commted, "If worst comes to worst,
we can use the Beta house."
Red Cross Drive
The annual Red Cross drive starts
Armistice Day, November 11, with
John Rice named as publicity chair
man. Cardinals will amplify drive
plans at future sessions.
Encina will hold an all - frosh
smoker the Tuesday preceding
Thursday, November 19. when the
Big Game rally and bonfire is to be
staged.
Plying a schedule between the li be
and golf course Saturday night, "The
Nitery Spccial" will transport coup
les to Stanford's new campus dance
dive if a truck can be obtained,
pending confirmation of Cardinal
plans.
The B.A.C. operates the links club
house and must give pel-mission be
fore a radio-phonograph dance may
be held there.
Cardinals have appointed Ruth
Goodan, Betty Grover, and Jeeb
Halaby to see to this and to pro
vide canned music, decorations, soda
fountain service, and regular trans
portation. The golf club nitery will
be wide open to dancers beginning
Saturday from eight until as far into
the night as the trade warrants.
Union Annex?
If sufficient interest is evinced in
a free on-campus dance spot, a per
manent edifice will be erected.
Comptroller Roth has suggested
building an annex to the Union, at a
cost of $25,000, or using the Union
dining room on certain nights during
the week.
The idea of converting Lagunita
boathouse into a country club dance
hall has been definitely scrapped as
being too expensive.
The U.S.C. dance having been re
ported successful, November 7 was
set for an after-Washington affair.
Jack Calderwood is charged with
necessary arrangements which speci
fy novelty in decorations and in the
type of dance to be offered.
Bonfire Progresses
Although bonfire plans are pro
gressing satisfactorily, Jeeb Halaby
leported a need for the intermittent
use of trucks to call for materials,
and a demand for material itself.
Aii house managers, sponsors, Palo
Alto residents and others are re
quested to, give Halaby—phone 8955
—notice of any available waste mat
ter in quantities sufficient for the
bonfire.
Volunteers too are needed to inter
view brewers, warehousers, and such
for possible consignments of barrels,
crates, or spare wood in general.
Parenthetically, the blaze chairman
commted, "If worst comes to worst,
we can use the Beta house."
Red Cross Drive
The annual Red Cross drive starts
Armistice Day, November 11, with
John Rice named as publicity chair
man. Cardinals will amplify drive
plans at future sessions.
Encina will hold an all - frosh
smoker the Tuesday preceding
Thursday, November 19. when the
Big Game rally and bonfire is to be
staged.
Plying a schedule between the li be
and golf course Saturday night, "The
Nitery Spccial" will transport coup
les to Stanford's new campus dance
dive if a truck can be obtained,
pending confirmation of Cardinal
plans.
The B.A.C. operates the links club
house and must give pel-mission be
fore a radio-phonograph dance may
be held there.
Cardinals have appointed Ruth
Goodan, Betty Grover, and Jeeb
Halaby to see to this and to pro
vide canned music, decorations, soda
fountain service, and regular trans
portation. The golf club nitery will
be wide open to dancers beginning
Saturday from eight until as far into
the night as the trade warrants.
Union Annex?
If sufficient interest is evinced in
a free on-campus dance spot, a per
manent edifice will be erected.
Comptroller Roth has suggested
building an annex to the Union, at a
cost of $25,000, or using the Union
dining room on certain nights during
the week.
The idea of converting Lagunita
boathouse into a country club dance
hall has been definitely scrapped as
being too expensive.
The U.S.C. dance having been re
ported successful, November 7 was
set for an after-Washington affair.
Jack Calderwood is charged with
necessary arrangements which speci
fy novelty in decorations and in the
type of dance to be offered.
Bonfire Progresses
Although bonfire plans are pro
gressing satisfactorily, Jeeb Halaby
leported a need for the intermittent
use of trucks to call for materials,
and a demand for material itself.
Aii house managers, sponsors, Palo
Alto residents and others are re
quested to, give Halaby—phone 8955
—notice of any available waste mat
ter in quantities sufficient for the
bonfire.
Volunteers too are needed to inter
view brewers, warehousers, and such
for possible consignments of barrels,
crates, or spare wood in general.
Parenthetically, the blaze chairman
commted, "If worst comes to worst,
we can use the Beta house."
Red Cross Drive
The annual Red Cross drive starts
Armistice Day, November 11, with
John Rice named as publicity chair
man. Cardinals will amplify drive
plans at future sessions.
Encina will hold an all - frosh
smoker the Tuesday preceding
Thursday, November 19. when the
Big Game rally and bonfire is to be
staged.
Plying a schedule between the li be
and golf course Saturday night, "The
Nitery Spccial" will transport coup
les to Stanford's new campus dance
dive if a truck can be obtained,
pending confirmation of Cardinal
plans.
The B.A.C. operates the links club
house and must give pel-mission be
fore a radio-phonograph dance may
be held there.
Cardinals have appointed Ruth
Goodan, Betty Grover, and Jeeb
Halaby to see to this and to pro
vide canned music, decorations, soda
fountain service, and regular trans
portation. The golf club nitery will
be wide open to dancers beginning
Saturday from eight until as far into
the night as the trade warrants.
Union Annex?
If sufficient interest is evinced in
a free on-campus dance spot, a per
manent edifice will be erected.
Comptroller Roth has suggested
building an annex to the Union, at a
cost of $25,000, or using the Union
dining room on certain nights during
the week.
The idea of converting Lagunita
boathouse into a country club dance
hall has been definitely scrapped as
being too expensive.
The U.S.C. dance having been re
ported successful, November 7 was
set for an after-Washington affair.
Jack Calderwood is charged with
necessary arrangements which speci
fy novelty in decorations and in the
type of dance to be offered.
Bonfire Progresses
Although bonfire plans are pro
gressing satisfactorily, Jeeb Halaby
leported a need for the intermittent
use of trucks to call for materials,
and a demand for material itself.
Aii house managers, sponsors, Palo
Alto residents and others are re
quested to, give Halaby—phone 8955
—notice of any available waste mat
ter in quantities sufficient for the
bonfire.
Volunteers too are needed to inter
view brewers, warehousers, and such
for possible consignments of barrels,
crates, or spare wood in general.
Parenthetically, the blaze chairman
commted, "If worst comes to worst,
we can use the Beta house."
Red Cross Drive
The annual Red Cross drive starts
Armistice Day, November 11, with
John Rice named as publicity chair
man. Cardinals will amplify drive
plans at future sessions.
Encina will hold an all - frosh
smoker the Tuesday preceding
Thursday, November 19. when the
Big Game rally and bonfire is to be
staged.
Plying a schedule between the li be
and golf course Saturday night, "The
Nitery Spccial" will transport coup
les to Stanford's new campus dance
dive if a truck can be obtained,
pending confirmation of Cardinal
plans.
The B.A.C. operates the links club
house and must give pel-mission be
fore a radio-phonograph dance may
be held there.
Cardinals have appointed Ruth
Goodan, Betty Grover, and Jeeb
Halaby to see to this and to pro
vide canned music, decorations, soda
fountain service, and regular trans
portation. The golf club nitery will
be wide open to dancers beginning
Saturday from eight until as far into
the night as the trade warrants.
Union Annex?
If sufficient interest is evinced in
a free on-campus dance spot, a per
manent edifice will be erected.
Comptroller Roth has suggested
building an annex to the Union, at a
cost of $25,000, or using the Union
dining room on certain nights during
the week.
The idea of converting Lagunita
boathouse into a country club dance
hall has been definitely scrapped as
being too expensive.
The U.S.C. dance having been re
ported successful, November 7 was
set for an after-Washington affair.
Jack Calderwood is charged with
necessary arrangements which speci
fy novelty in decorations and in the
type of dance to be offered.
Bonfire Progresses
Although bonfire plans are pro
gressing satisfactorily, Jeeb Halaby
leported a need for the intermittent
use of trucks to call for materials,
and a demand for material itself.
Aii house managers, sponsors, Palo
Alto residents and others are re
quested to, give Halaby—phone 8955
—notice of any available waste mat
ter in quantities sufficient for the
bonfire.
Volunteers too are needed to inter
view brewers, warehousers, and such
for possible consignments of barrels,
crates, or spare wood in general.
Parenthetically, the blaze chairman
commted, "If worst comes to worst,
we can use the Beta house."
Red Cross Drive
The annual Red Cross drive starts
Armistice Day, November 11, with
John Rice named as publicity chair
man. Cardinals will amplify drive
plans at future sessions.
Encina will hold an all - frosh
smoker the Tuesday preceding
Thursday, November 19. when the
Big Game rally and bonfire is to be
staged.
Plying a schedule between the li be
and golf course Saturday night, "The
Nitery Spccial" will transport coup
les to Stanford's new campus dance
dive if a truck can be obtained,
pending confirmation of Cardinal
plans.
The B.A.C. operates the links club
house and must give pel-mission be
fore a radio-phonograph dance may
be held there.
Cardinals have appointed Ruth
Goodan, Betty Grover, and Jeeb
Halaby to see to this and to pro
vide canned music, decorations, soda
fountain service, and regular trans
portation. The golf club nitery will
be wide open to dancers beginning
Saturday from eight until as far into
the night as the trade warrants.
Union Annex?
If sufficient interest is evinced in
a free on-campus dance spot, a per
manent edifice will be erected.
Comptroller Roth has suggested
building an annex to the Union, at a
cost of $25,000, or using the Union
dining room on certain nights during
the week.
The idea of converting Lagunita
boathouse into a country club dance
hall has been definitely scrapped as
being too expensive.
The U.S.C. dance having been re
ported successful, November 7 was
set for an after-Washington affair.
Jack Calderwood is charged with
necessary arrangements which speci
fy novelty in decorations and in the
type of dance to be offered.
Bonfire Progresses
Although bonfire plans are pro
gressing satisfactorily, Jeeb Halaby
leported a need for the intermittent
use of trucks to call for materials,
and a demand for material itself.
Aii house managers, sponsors, Palo
Alto residents and others are re
quested to, give Halaby—phone 8955
—notice of any available waste mat
ter in quantities sufficient for the
bonfire.
Volunteers too are needed to inter
view brewers, warehousers, and such
for possible consignments of barrels,
crates, or spare wood in general.
Parenthetically, the blaze chairman
commted, "If worst comes to worst,
we can use the Beta house."
Red Cross Drive
The annual Red Cross drive starts
Armistice Day, November 11, with
John Rice named as publicity chair
man. Cardinals will amplify drive
plans at future sessions.
Encina will hold an all - frosh
smoker the Tuesday preceding
Thursday, November 19. when the
Big Game rally and bonfire is to be
staged.
Plying a schedule between the li be
and golf course Saturday night, "The
Nitery Spccial" will transport coup
les to Stanford's new campus dance
dive if a truck can be obtained,
pending confirmation of Cardinal
plans.
The B.A.C. operates the links club
house and must give pel-mission be
fore a radio-phonograph dance may
be held there.
Cardinals have appointed Ruth
Goodan, Betty Grover, and Jeeb
Halaby to see to this and to pro
vide canned music, decorations, soda
fountain service, and regular trans
portation. The golf club nitery will
be wide open to dancers beginning
Saturday from eight until as far into
the night as the trade warrants.
Union Annex?
If sufficient interest is evinced in
a free on-campus dance spot, a per
manent edifice will be erected.
Comptroller Roth has suggested
building an annex to the Union, at a
cost of $25,000, or using the Union
dining room on certain nights during
the week.
The idea of converting Lagunita
boathouse into a country club dance
hall has been definitely scrapped as
being too expensive.
The U.S.C. dance having been re
ported successful, November 7 was
set for an after-Washington affair.
Jack Calderwood is charged with
necessary arrangements which speci
fy novelty in decorations and in the
type of dance to be offered.
Bonfire Progresses
Although bonfire plans are pro
gressing satisfactorily, Jeeb Halaby
leported a need for the intermittent
use of trucks to call for materials,
and a demand for material itself.
Aii house managers, sponsors, Palo
Alto residents and others are re
quested to, give Halaby—phone 8955
—notice of any available waste mat
ter in quantities sufficient for the
bonfire.
Volunteers too are needed to inter
view brewers, warehousers, and such
for possible consignments of barrels,
crates, or spare wood in general.
Parenthetically, the blaze chairman
commted, "If worst comes to worst,
we can use the Beta house."
Red Cross Drive
The annual Red Cross drive starts
Armistice Day, November 11, with
John Rice named as publicity chair
man. Cardinals will amplify drive
plans at future sessions.
Encina will hold an all - frosh
smoker the Tuesday preceding
Thursday, November 19. when the
Big Game rally and bonfire is to be
staged.
Plying a schedule between the li be
and golf course Saturday night, "The
Nitery Spccial" will transport coup
les to Stanford's new campus dance
dive if a truck can be obtained,
pending confirmation of Cardinal
plans.
The B.A.C. operates the links club
house and must give pel-mission be
fore a radio-phonograph dance may
be held there.
Cardinals have appointed Ruth
Goodan, Betty Grover, and Jeeb
Halaby to see to this and to pro
vide canned music, decorations, soda
fountain service, and regular trans
portation. The golf club nitery will
be wide open to dancers beginning
Saturday from eight until as far into
the night as the trade warrants.
Union Annex?
If sufficient interest is evinced in
a free on-campus dance spot, a per
manent edifice will be erected.
Comptroller Roth has suggested
building an annex to the Union, at a
cost of $25,000, or using the Union
dining room on certain nights during
the week.
The idea of converting Lagunita
boathouse into a country club dance
hall has been definitely scrapped as
being too expensive.
The U.S.C. dance having been re
ported successful, November 7 was
set for an after-Washington affair.
Jack Calderwood is charged with
necessary arrangements which speci
fy novelty in decorations and in the
type of dance to be offered.
Bonfire Progresses
Although bonfire plans are pro
gressing satisfactorily, Jeeb Halaby
leported a need for the intermittent
use of trucks to call for materials,
and a demand for material itself.
Aii house managers, sponsors, Palo
Alto residents and others are re
quested to, give Halaby—phone 8955
—notice of any available waste mat
ter in quantities sufficient for the
bonfire.
Volunteers too are needed to inter
view brewers, warehousers, and such
for possible consignments of barrels,
crates, or spare wood in general.
Parenthetically, the blaze chairman
commted, "If worst comes to worst,
we can use the Beta house."
Red Cross Drive
The annual Red Cross drive starts
Armistice Day, November 11, with
John Rice named as publicity chair
man. Cardinals will amplify drive
plans at future sessions.
Encina will hold an all - frosh
smoker the Tuesday preceding
Thursday, November 19. when the
Big Game rally and bonfire is to be
staged.
