# HANDBOOKS OBTAINABLE
## 
### 
Junior transfers and other new
students desiring student body
handbooks can obtain them by ask
ing at the A.S.S.U. office.
Junior transfers and other new
students desiring student body
handbooks can obtain them by ask
ing at the A.S.S.U. office.
Junior transfers and other new
students desiring student body
handbooks can obtain them by ask
ing at the A.S.S.U. office.
Junior transfers and other new
students desiring student body
handbooks can obtain them by ask
ing at the A.S.S.U. office.
Junior transfers and other new
students desiring student body
handbooks can obtain them by ask
ing at the A.S.S.U. office.
Junior transfers and other new
students desiring student body
handbooks can obtain them by ask
ing at the A.S.S.U. office.
Junior transfers and other new
students desiring student body
handbooks can obtain them by ask
ing at the A.S.S.U. office.
Junior transfers and other new
students desiring student body
handbooks can obtain them by ask
ing at the A.S.S.U. office.
Junior transfers and other new
students desiring student body
handbooks can obtain them by ask
ing at the A.S.S.U. office.
Junior transfers and other new
students desiring student body
handbooks can obtain them by ask
ing at the A.S.S.U. office.
Junior transfers and other new
students desiring student body
handbooks can obtain them by ask
ing at the A.S.S.U. office.
Junior transfers and other new
students desiring student body
handbooks can obtain them by ask
ing at the A.S.S.U. office.
Junior transfers and other new
students desiring student body
handbooks can obtain them by ask
ing at the A.S.S.U. office.
Junior transfers and other new
students desiring student body
handbooks can obtain them by ask
ing at the A.S.S.U. office.
Junior transfers and other new
students desiring student body
handbooks can obtain them by ask
ing at the A.S.S.U. office.
Junior transfers and other new
students desiring student body
handbooks can obtain them by ask
ing at the A.S.S.U. office.
