# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The debate audience voted as
follows:
For presidency: Landon, 133;
Roosevelt, 121; Thomas, 29;
Browder, 16; Hoover, 1; Trot
sky 1; undecided, 1.
For most effectively present
ed case: Republican, 143; Dem
ocrat, 80; Socialist, 68; Com
munist. 10.
For most effective speaker:
Lindblom, 147; Mallett, 75;
North, 40.
The debate audience voted as
follows:
For presidency: Landon, 133;
Roosevelt, 121; Thomas, 29;
Browder, 16; Hoover, 1; Trot
sky 1; undecided, 1.
For most effectively present
ed case: Republican, 143; Dem
ocrat, 80; Socialist, 68; Com
munist. 10.
For most effective speaker:
Lindblom, 147; Mallett, 75;
North, 40.
The debate audience voted as
follows:
For presidency: Landon, 133;
Roosevelt, 121; Thomas, 29;
Browder, 16; Hoover, 1; Trot
sky 1; undecided, 1.
For most effectively present
ed case: Republican, 143; Dem
ocrat, 80; Socialist, 68; Com
munist. 10.
For most effective speaker:
Lindblom, 147; Mallett, 75;
North, 40.
The debate audience voted as
follows:
For presidency: Landon, 133;
Roosevelt, 121; Thomas, 29;
Browder, 16; Hoover, 1; Trot
sky 1; undecided, 1.
For most effectively present
ed case: Republican, 143; Dem
ocrat, 80; Socialist, 68; Com
munist. 10.
For most effective speaker:
Lindblom, 147; Mallett, 75;
North, 40.
The debate audience voted as
follows:
For presidency: Landon, 133;
Roosevelt, 121; Thomas, 29;
Browder, 16; Hoover, 1; Trot
sky 1; undecided, 1.
For most effectively present
ed case: Republican, 143; Dem
ocrat, 80; Socialist, 68; Com
munist. 10.
For most effective speaker:
Lindblom, 147; Mallett, 75;
North, 40.
The debate audience voted as
follows:
For presidency: Landon, 133;
Roosevelt, 121; Thomas, 29;
Browder, 16; Hoover, 1; Trot
sky 1; undecided, 1.
For most effectively present
ed case: Republican, 143; Dem
ocrat, 80; Socialist, 68; Com
munist. 10.
For most effective speaker:
Lindblom, 147; Mallett, 75;
North, 40.
The debate audience voted as
follows:
For presidency: Landon, 133;
Roosevelt, 121; Thomas, 29;
Browder, 16; Hoover, 1; Trot
sky 1; undecided, 1.
For most effectively present
ed case: Republican, 143; Dem
ocrat, 80; Socialist, 68; Com
munist. 10.
For most effective speaker:
Lindblom, 147; Mallett, 75;
North, 40.
The debate audience voted as
follows:
For presidency: Landon, 133;
Roosevelt, 121; Thomas, 29;
Browder, 16; Hoover, 1; Trot
sky 1; undecided, 1.
For most effectively present
ed case: Republican, 143; Dem
ocrat, 80; Socialist, 68; Com
munist. 10.
For most effective speaker:
Lindblom, 147; Mallett, 75;
North, 40.
The debate audience voted as
follows:
For presidency: Landon, 133;
Roosevelt, 121; Thomas, 29;
Browder, 16; Hoover, 1; Trot
sky 1; undecided, 1.
For most effectively present
ed case: Republican, 143; Dem
ocrat, 80; Socialist, 68; Com
munist. 10.
For most effective speaker:
Lindblom, 147; Mallett, 75;
North, 40.
The debate audience voted as
follows:
For presidency: Landon, 133;
Roosevelt, 121; Thomas, 29;
Browder, 16; Hoover, 1; Trot
sky 1; undecided, 1.
For most effectively present
ed case: Republican, 143; Dem
ocrat, 80; Socialist, 68; Com
munist. 10.
For most effective speaker:
Lindblom, 147; Mallett, 75;
North, 40.
The debate audience voted as
follows:
For presidency: Landon, 133;
Roosevelt, 121; Thomas, 29;
Browder, 16; Hoover, 1; Trot
sky 1; undecided, 1.
For most effectively present
ed case: Republican, 143; Dem
ocrat, 80; Socialist, 68; Com
munist. 10.
For most effective speaker:
Lindblom, 147; Mallett, 75;
North, 40.
The debate audience voted as
follows:
For presidency: Landon, 133;
Roosevelt, 121; Thomas, 29;
Browder, 16; Hoover, 1; Trot
sky 1; undecided, 1.
For most effectively present
ed case: Republican, 143; Dem
ocrat, 80; Socialist, 68; Com
munist. 10.
For most effective speaker:
Lindblom, 147; Mallett, 75;
North, 40.
The debate audience voted as
follows:
For presidency: Landon, 133;
Roosevelt, 121; Thomas, 29;
Browder, 16; Hoover, 1; Trot
sky 1; undecided, 1.
For most effectively present
ed case: Republican, 143; Dem
ocrat, 80; Socialist, 68; Com
munist. 10.
For most effective speaker:
Lindblom, 147; Mallett, 75;
North, 40.
The debate audience voted as
follows:
For presidency: Landon, 133;
Roosevelt, 121; Thomas, 29;
Browder, 16; Hoover, 1; Trot
sky 1; undecided, 1.
For most effectively present
ed case: Republican, 143; Dem
ocrat, 80; Socialist, 68; Com
munist. 10.
For most effective speaker:
Lindblom, 147; Mallett, 75;
North, 40.
The debate audience voted as
follows:
For presidency: Landon, 133;
Roosevelt, 121; Thomas, 29;
Browder, 16; Hoover, 1; Trot
sky 1; undecided, 1.
For most effectively present
ed case: Republican, 143; Dem
ocrat, 80; Socialist, 68; Com
munist. 10.
For most effective speaker:
Lindblom, 147; Mallett, 75;
North, 40.
The debate audience voted as
follows:
For presidency: Landon, 133;
Roosevelt, 121; Thomas, 29;
Browder, 16; Hoover, 1; Trot
sky 1; undecided, 1.
For most effectively present
ed case: Republican, 143; Dem
ocrat, 80; Socialist, 68; Com
munist. 10.
For most effective speaker:
Lindblom, 147; Mallett, 75;
North, 40.
