# Alf Scores Hit On Great White Way
## 
### 
NEW YORK. Oct. 28 (U.R).—Alf M.
Landon came from the prairie state
of Kansas tonight to the mad ac
claim of New York's Forty-second
Street and a triumphant hour in his
campaign for the presidency.
He arrived, officially, to see New
York's Alfred E. Smith, to meet with
Insurgent Democracy's John W. Da
vis, to map final plans with the
state's Republican leaders, and to
deliver at Madison Square Garden
tomorrow night the final summation
of his battle to drive out the New
Deal.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28 (U.R).—Alf M.
Landon came from the prairie state
of Kansas tonight to the mad ac
claim of New York's Forty-second
Street and a triumphant hour in his
campaign for the presidency.
He arrived, officially, to see New
York's Alfred E. Smith, to meet with
Insurgent Democracy's John W. Da
vis, to map final plans with the
state's Republican leaders, and to
deliver at Madison Square Garden
tomorrow night the final summation
of his battle to drive out the New
Deal.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28 (U.R).—Alf M.
Landon came from the prairie state
of Kansas tonight to the mad ac
claim of New York's Forty-second
Street and a triumphant hour in his
campaign for the presidency.
He arrived, officially, to see New
York's Alfred E. Smith, to meet with
Insurgent Democracy's John W. Da
vis, to map final plans with the
state's Republican leaders, and to
deliver at Madison Square Garden
tomorrow night the final summation
of his battle to drive out the New
Deal.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28 (U.R).—Alf M.
Landon came from the prairie state
of Kansas tonight to the mad ac
claim of New York's Forty-second
Street and a triumphant hour in his
campaign for the presidency.
He arrived, officially, to see New
York's Alfred E. Smith, to meet with
Insurgent Democracy's John W. Da
vis, to map final plans with the
state's Republican leaders, and to
deliver at Madison Square Garden
tomorrow night the final summation
of his battle to drive out the New
Deal.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28 (U.R).—Alf M.
Landon came from the prairie state
of Kansas tonight to the mad ac
claim of New York's Forty-second
Street and a triumphant hour in his
campaign for the presidency.
He arrived, officially, to see New
York's Alfred E. Smith, to meet with
Insurgent Democracy's John W. Da
vis, to map final plans with the
state's Republican leaders, and to
deliver at Madison Square Garden
tomorrow night the final summation
of his battle to drive out the New
Deal.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28 (U.R).—Alf M.
Landon came from the prairie state
of Kansas tonight to the mad ac
claim of New York's Forty-second
Street and a triumphant hour in his
campaign for the presidency.
He arrived, officially, to see New
York's Alfred E. Smith, to meet with
Insurgent Democracy's John W. Da
vis, to map final plans with the
state's Republican leaders, and to
deliver at Madison Square Garden
tomorrow night the final summation
of his battle to drive out the New
Deal.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28 (U.R).—Alf M.
Landon came from the prairie state
of Kansas tonight to the mad ac
claim of New York's Forty-second
Street and a triumphant hour in his
campaign for the presidency.
He arrived, officially, to see New
York's Alfred E. Smith, to meet with
Insurgent Democracy's John W. Da
vis, to map final plans with the
state's Republican leaders, and to
deliver at Madison Square Garden
tomorrow night the final summation
of his battle to drive out the New
Deal.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28 (U.R).—Alf M.
Landon came from the prairie state
of Kansas tonight to the mad ac
claim of New York's Forty-second
Street and a triumphant hour in his
campaign for the presidency.
He arrived, officially, to see New
York's Alfred E. Smith, to meet with
Insurgent Democracy's John W. Da
vis, to map final plans with the
state's Republican leaders, and to
deliver at Madison Square Garden
tomorrow night the final summation
of his battle to drive out the New
Deal.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28 (U.R).—Alf M.
Landon came from the prairie state
of Kansas tonight to the mad ac
claim of New York's Forty-second
Street and a triumphant hour in his
campaign for the presidency.
He arrived, officially, to see New
York's Alfred E. Smith, to meet with
Insurgent Democracy's John W. Da
vis, to map final plans with the
state's Republican leaders, and to
deliver at Madison Square Garden
tomorrow night the final summation
of his battle to drive out the New
Deal.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28 (U.R).—Alf M.
Landon came from the prairie state
of Kansas tonight to the mad ac
claim of New York's Forty-second
Street and a triumphant hour in his
campaign for the presidency.
He arrived, officially, to see New
York's Alfred E. Smith, to meet with
Insurgent Democracy's John W. Da
vis, to map final plans with the
state's Republican leaders, and to
deliver at Madison Square Garden
tomorrow night the final summation
of his battle to drive out the New
Deal.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28 (U.R).—Alf M.
Landon came from the prairie state
of Kansas tonight to the mad ac
claim of New York's Forty-second
Street and a triumphant hour in his
campaign for the presidency.
He arrived, officially, to see New
York's Alfred E. Smith, to meet with
Insurgent Democracy's John W. Da
vis, to map final plans with the
state's Republican leaders, and to
deliver at Madison Square Garden
tomorrow night the final summation
of his battle to drive out the New
Deal.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28 (U.R).—Alf M.
Landon came from the prairie state
of Kansas tonight to the mad ac
claim of New York's Forty-second
Street and a triumphant hour in his
campaign for the presidency.
He arrived, officially, to see New
York's Alfred E. Smith, to meet with
Insurgent Democracy's John W. Da
vis, to map final plans with the
state's Republican leaders, and to
deliver at Madison Square Garden
tomorrow night the final summation
of his battle to drive out the New
Deal.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28 (U.R).—Alf M.
Landon came from the prairie state
of Kansas tonight to the mad ac
claim of New York's Forty-second
Street and a triumphant hour in his
campaign for the presidency.
He arrived, officially, to see New
York's Alfred E. Smith, to meet with
Insurgent Democracy's John W. Da
vis, to map final plans with the
state's Republican leaders, and to
deliver at Madison Square Garden
tomorrow night the final summation
of his battle to drive out the New
Deal.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28 (U.R).—Alf M.
Landon came from the prairie state
of Kansas tonight to the mad ac
claim of New York's Forty-second
Street and a triumphant hour in his
campaign for the presidency.
He arrived, officially, to see New
York's Alfred E. Smith, to meet with
Insurgent Democracy's John W. Da
vis, to map final plans with the
state's Republican leaders, and to
deliver at Madison Square Garden
tomorrow night the final summation
of his battle to drive out the New
Deal.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28 (U.R).—Alf M.
Landon came from the prairie state
of Kansas tonight to the mad ac
claim of New York's Forty-second
Street and a triumphant hour in his
campaign for the presidency.
He arrived, officially, to see New
York's Alfred E. Smith, to meet with
Insurgent Democracy's John W. Da
vis, to map final plans with the
state's Republican leaders, and to
deliver at Madison Square Garden
tomorrow night the final summation
of his battle to drive out the New
Deal.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28 (U.R).—Alf M.
Landon came from the prairie state
of Kansas tonight to the mad ac
claim of New York's Forty-second
Street and a triumphant hour in his
campaign for the presidency.
He arrived, officially, to see New
York's Alfred E. Smith, to meet with
Insurgent Democracy's John W. Da
vis, to map final plans with the
state's Republican leaders, and to
deliver at Madison Square Garden
tomorrow night the final summation
of his battle to drive out the New
Deal.
