# NYA Cards Due In Office Today
## 
### 
Student Employment Office an
nounces that all students on the NYA
must fill out new release ci.vds to
day for sure. Filling out n r enrds
by the 25th of each month is a i ule
of the Administration, and over 80
job-holders, mostly new students,
have neglected to do so.
The time has been extended this
month, according to Mrs. Irene Cov
erley, but it will not be in the fu
ture.
Positions open to students today
are: mandolin teacher for a child;
blood donors; students to canvass
Palo Aito at fifty cents an hour;
practical nurse for full-time work
for a month; experienced fountain
man; boy to work five hours a week
for room; drummer with drums for
regular dance orchestra work; male
student to help cook dinners, serve,
and do dishes in private home on
campus for room, board, and $20 a
month; shoe repairing agents for
Encina, Toyon, and Branner; gradu
ate girl to stay with six-year-old
child evenings, help with housework
on Saturdays for room, board, and
cash.
Student Employment Office an
nounces that all students on the NYA
must fill out new release ci.vds to
day for sure. Filling out n r enrds
by the 25th of each month is a i ule
of the Administration, and over 80
job-holders, mostly new students,
have neglected to do so.
The time has been extended this
month, according to Mrs. Irene Cov
erley, but it will not be in the fu
ture.
Positions open to students today
are: mandolin teacher for a child;
blood donors; students to canvass
Palo Aito at fifty cents an hour;
practical nurse for full-time work
for a month; experienced fountain
man; boy to work five hours a week
for room; drummer with drums for
regular dance orchestra work; male
student to help cook dinners, serve,
and do dishes in private home on
campus for room, board, and $20 a
month; shoe repairing agents for
Encina, Toyon, and Branner; gradu
ate girl to stay with six-year-old
child evenings, help with housework
on Saturdays for room, board, and
cash.
Student Employment Office an
nounces that all students on the NYA
must fill out new release ci.vds to
day for sure. Filling out n r enrds
by the 25th of each month is a i ule
of the Administration, and over 80
job-holders, mostly new students,
have neglected to do so.
The time has been extended this
month, according to Mrs. Irene Cov
erley, but it will not be in the fu
ture.
Positions open to students today
are: mandolin teacher for a child;
blood donors; students to canvass
Palo Aito at fifty cents an hour;
practical nurse for full-time work
for a month; experienced fountain
man; boy to work five hours a week
for room; drummer with drums for
regular dance orchestra work; male
student to help cook dinners, serve,
and do dishes in private home on
campus for room, board, and $20 a
month; shoe repairing agents for
Encina, Toyon, and Branner; gradu
ate girl to stay with six-year-old
child evenings, help with housework
on Saturdays for room, board, and
cash.
Student Employment Office an
nounces that all students on the NYA
must fill out new release ci.vds to
day for sure. Filling out n r enrds
by the 25th of each month is a i ule
of the Administration, and over 80
job-holders, mostly new students,
have neglected to do so.
The time has been extended this
month, according to Mrs. Irene Cov
erley, but it will not be in the fu
ture.
Positions open to students today
are: mandolin teacher for a child;
blood donors; students to canvass
Palo Aito at fifty cents an hour;
practical nurse for full-time work
for a month; experienced fountain
man; boy to work five hours a week
for room; drummer with drums for
regular dance orchestra work; male
student to help cook dinners, serve,
and do dishes in private home on
campus for room, board, and $20 a
month; shoe repairing agents for
Encina, Toyon, and Branner; gradu
ate girl to stay with six-year-old
child evenings, help with housework
on Saturdays for room, board, and
cash.
Student Employment Office an
nounces that all students on the NYA
must fill out new release ci.vds to
day for sure. Filling out n r enrds
by the 25th of each month is a i ule
of the Administration, and over 80
job-holders, mostly new students,
have neglected to do so.
The time has been extended this
month, according to Mrs. Irene Cov
erley, but it will not be in the fu
ture.
Positions open to students today
are: mandolin teacher for a child;
blood donors; students to canvass
Palo Aito at fifty cents an hour;
practical nurse for full-time work
for a month; experienced fountain
man; boy to work five hours a week
for room; drummer with drums for
regular dance orchestra work; male
student to help cook dinners, serve,
and do dishes in private home on
campus for room, board, and $20 a
month; shoe repairing agents for
Encina, Toyon, and Branner; gradu
ate girl to stay with six-year-old
child evenings, help with housework
on Saturdays for room, board, and
cash.
Student Employment Office an
nounces that all students on the NYA
must fill out new release ci.vds to
day for sure. Filling out n r enrds
by the 25th of each month is a i ule
of the Administration, and over 80
job-holders, mostly new students,
have neglected to do so.
The time has been extended this
month, according to Mrs. Irene Cov
erley, but it will not be in the fu
ture.
Positions open to students today
are: mandolin teacher for a child;
blood donors; students to canvass
Palo Aito at fifty cents an hour;
practical nurse for full-time work
for a month; experienced fountain
man; boy to work five hours a week
for room; drummer with drums for
regular dance orchestra work; male
student to help cook dinners, serve,
and do dishes in private home on
campus for room, board, and $20 a
month; shoe repairing agents for
Encina, Toyon, and Branner; gradu
ate girl to stay with six-year-old
child evenings, help with housework
on Saturdays for room, board, and
cash.
Student Employment Office an
nounces that all students on the NYA
must fill out new release ci.vds to
day for sure. Filling out n r enrds
by the 25th of each month is a i ule
of the Administration, and over 80
job-holders, mostly new students,
have neglected to do so.
The time has been extended this
month, according to Mrs. Irene Cov
erley, but it will not be in the fu
ture.
Positions open to students today
are: mandolin teacher for a child;
blood donors; students to canvass
Palo Aito at fifty cents an hour;
practical nurse for full-time work
for a month; experienced fountain
man; boy to work five hours a week
for room; drummer with drums for
regular dance orchestra work; male
student to help cook dinners, serve,
and do dishes in private home on
campus for room, board, and $20 a
month; shoe repairing agents for
Encina, Toyon, and Branner; gradu
ate girl to stay with six-year-old
child evenings, help with housework
on Saturdays for room, board, and
cash.
Student Employment Office an
nounces that all students on the NYA
must fill out new release ci.vds to
day for sure. Filling out n r enrds
by the 25th of each month is a i ule
of the Administration, and over 80
job-holders, mostly new students,
have neglected to do so.
The time has been extended this
month, according to Mrs. Irene Cov
erley, but it will not be in the fu
ture.
Positions open to students today
are: mandolin teacher for a child;
blood donors; students to canvass
Palo Aito at fifty cents an hour;
practical nurse for full-time work
for a month; experienced fountain
man; boy to work five hours a week
for room; drummer with drums for
regular dance orchestra work; male
student to help cook dinners, serve,
and do dishes in private home on
campus for room, board, and $20 a
month; shoe repairing agents for
Encina, Toyon, and Branner; gradu
ate girl to stay with six-year-old
child evenings, help with housework
on Saturdays for room, board, and
cash.
Student Employment Office an
nounces that all students on the NYA
must fill out new release ci.vds to
day for sure. Filling out n r enrds
by the 25th of each month is a i ule
of the Administration, and over 80
job-holders, mostly new students,
have neglected to do so.
The time has been extended this
month, according to Mrs. Irene Cov
erley, but it will not be in the fu
ture.
Positions open to students today
are: mandolin teacher for a child;
blood donors; students to canvass
Palo Aito at fifty cents an hour;
practical nurse for full-time work
for a month; experienced fountain
man; boy to work five hours a week
for room; drummer with drums for
regular dance orchestra work; male
student to help cook dinners, serve,
and do dishes in private home on
campus for room, board, and $20 a
month; shoe repairing agents for
Encina, Toyon, and Branner; gradu
ate girl to stay with six-year-old
child evenings, help with housework
on Saturdays for room, board, and
cash.
Student Employment Office an
nounces that all students on the NYA
must fill out new release ci.vds to
day for sure. Filling out n r enrds
by the 25th of each month is a i ule
of the Administration, and over 80
job-holders, mostly new students,
have neglected to do so.
The time has been extended this
month, according to Mrs. Irene Cov
erley, but it will not be in the fu
ture.
Positions open to students today
are: mandolin teacher for a child;
blood donors; students to canvass
Palo Aito at fifty cents an hour;
practical nurse for full-time work
for a month; experienced fountain
man; boy to work five hours a week
for room; drummer with drums for
regular dance orchestra work; male
student to help cook dinners, serve,
and do dishes in private home on
campus for room, board, and $20 a
month; shoe repairing agents for
Encina, Toyon, and Branner; gradu
ate girl to stay with six-year-old
child evenings, help with housework
on Saturdays for room, board, and
cash.
Student Employment Office an
nounces that all students on the NYA
must fill out new release ci.vds to
day for sure. Filling out n r enrds
by the 25th of each month is a i ule
of the Administration, and over 80
job-holders, mostly new students,
have neglected to do so.
The time has been extended this
month, according to Mrs. Irene Cov
erley, but it will not be in the fu
ture.
Positions open to students today
are: mandolin teacher for a child;
blood donors; students to canvass
Palo Aito at fifty cents an hour;
practical nurse for full-time work
for a month; experienced fountain
man; boy to work five hours a week
for room; drummer with drums for
regular dance orchestra work; male
student to help cook dinners, serve,
and do dishes in private home on
campus for room, board, and $20 a
month; shoe repairing agents for
Encina, Toyon, and Branner; gradu
ate girl to stay with six-year-old
child evenings, help with housework
on Saturdays for room, board, and
cash.
Student Employment Office an
nounces that all students on the NYA
must fill out new release ci.vds to
day for sure. Filling out n r enrds
by the 25th of each month is a i ule
of the Administration, and over 80
job-holders, mostly new students,
have neglected to do so.
The time has been extended this
month, according to Mrs. Irene Cov
erley, but it will not be in the fu
ture.
Positions open to students today
are: mandolin teacher for a child;
blood donors; students to canvass
Palo Aito at fifty cents an hour;
practical nurse for full-time work
for a month; experienced fountain
man; boy to work five hours a week
for room; drummer with drums for
regular dance orchestra work; male
student to help cook dinners, serve,
and do dishes in private home on
campus for room, board, and $20 a
month; shoe repairing agents for
Encina, Toyon, and Branner; gradu
ate girl to stay with six-year-old
child evenings, help with housework
on Saturdays for room, board, and
cash.
Student Employment Office an
nounces that all students on the NYA
must fill out new release ci.vds to
day for sure. Filling out n r enrds
by the 25th of each month is a i ule
of the Administration, and over 80
job-holders, mostly new students,
have neglected to do so.
The time has been extended this
month, according to Mrs. Irene Cov
erley, but it will not be in the fu
ture.
Positions open to students today
are: mandolin teacher for a child;
blood donors; students to canvass
Palo Aito at fifty cents an hour;
practical nurse for full-time work
for a month; experienced fountain
man; boy to work five hours a week
for room; drummer with drums for
regular dance orchestra work; male
student to help cook dinners, serve,
and do dishes in private home on
campus for room, board, and $20 a
month; shoe repairing agents for
Encina, Toyon, and Branner; gradu
ate girl to stay with six-year-old
child evenings, help with housework
on Saturdays for room, board, and
cash.
Student Employment Office an
nounces that all students on the NYA
must fill out new release ci.vds to
day for sure. Filling out n r enrds
by the 25th of each month is a i ule
of the Administration, and over 80
job-holders, mostly new students,
have neglected to do so.
The time has been extended this
month, according to Mrs. Irene Cov
erley, but it will not be in the fu
ture.
Positions open to students today
are: mandolin teacher for a child;
blood donors; students to canvass
Palo Aito at fifty cents an hour;
practical nurse for full-time work
for a month; experienced fountain
man; boy to work five hours a week
for room; drummer with drums for
regular dance orchestra work; male
student to help cook dinners, serve,
and do dishes in private home on
campus for room, board, and $20 a
month; shoe repairing agents for
Encina, Toyon, and Branner; gradu
ate girl to stay with six-year-old
child evenings, help with housework
on Saturdays for room, board, and
cash.
Student Employment Office an
nounces that all students on the NYA
must fill out new release ci.vds to
day for sure. Filling out n r enrds
by the 25th of each month is a i ule
of the Administration, and over 80
job-holders, mostly new students,
have neglected to do so.
The time has been extended this
month, according to Mrs. Irene Cov
erley, but it will not be in the fu
ture.
Positions open to students today
are: mandolin teacher for a child;
blood donors; students to canvass
Palo Aito at fifty cents an hour;
practical nurse for full-time work
for a month; experienced fountain
man; boy to work five hours a week
for room; drummer with drums for
regular dance orchestra work; male
student to help cook dinners, serve,
and do dishes in private home on
campus for room, board, and $20 a
month; shoe repairing agents for
Encina, Toyon, and Branner; gradu
ate girl to stay with six-year-old
child evenings, help with housework
on Saturdays for room, board, and
cash.
Student Employment Office an
nounces that all students on the NYA
must fill out new release ci.vds to
day for sure. Filling out n r enrds
by the 25th of each month is a i ule
of the Administration, and over 80
job-holders, mostly new students,
have neglected to do so.
The time has been extended this
month, according to Mrs. Irene Cov
erley, but it will not be in the fu
ture.
Positions open to students today
are: mandolin teacher for a child;
blood donors; students to canvass
Palo Aito at fifty cents an hour;
practical nurse for full-time work
for a month; experienced fountain
man; boy to work five hours a week
for room; drummer with drums for
regular dance orchestra work; male
student to help cook dinners, serve,
and do dishes in private home on
campus for room, board, and $20 a
month; shoe repairing agents for
Encina, Toyon, and Branner; gradu
ate girl to stay with six-year-old
child evenings, help with housework
on Saturdays for room, board, and
cash.
