# National Election Situation by States
## 
### 

THE LINE-UP FOR TIIE 1936 GENERAL ELECTION as il affects governors, senators, and presidential
electors is shown in this outline map of the United States. The figures show how many each state will
send to the Electoral College, with the delegates whovoted for President Roosevelt in 1!)32 underscored.

THE LINE-UP FOR TIIE 1936 GENERAL ELECTION as il affects governors, senators, and presidential
electors is shown in this outline map of the United States. The figures show how many each state will
send to the Electoral College, with the delegates whovoted for President Roosevelt in 1!)32 underscored.

THE LINE-UP FOR TIIE 1936 GENERAL ELECTION as il affects governors, senators, and presidential
electors is shown in this outline map of the United States. The figures show how many each state will
send to the Electoral College, with the delegates whovoted for President Roosevelt in 1!)32 underscored.

THE LINE-UP FOR TIIE 1936 GENERAL ELECTION as il affects governors, senators, and presidential
electors is shown in this outline map of the United States. The figures show how many each state will
send to the Electoral College, with the delegates whovoted for President Roosevelt in 1!)32 underscored.

THE LINE-UP FOR TIIE 1936 GENERAL ELECTION as il affects governors, senators, and presidential
electors is shown in this outline map of the United States. The figures show how many each state will
send to the Electoral College, with the delegates whovoted for President Roosevelt in 1!)32 underscored.

THE LINE-UP FOR TIIE 1936 GENERAL ELECTION as il affects governors, senators, and presidential
electors is shown in this outline map of the United States. The figures show how many each state will
send to the Electoral College, with the delegates whovoted for President Roosevelt in 1!)32 underscored.

THE LINE-UP FOR TIIE 1936 GENERAL ELECTION as il affects governors, senators, and presidential
electors is shown in this outline map of the United States. The figures show how many each state will
send to the Electoral College, with the delegates whovoted for President Roosevelt in 1!)32 underscored.

THE LINE-UP FOR TIIE 1936 GENERAL ELECTION as il affects governors, senators, and presidential
electors is shown in this outline map of the United States. The figures show how many each state will
send to the Electoral College, with the delegates whovoted for President Roosevelt in 1!)32 underscored.

THE LINE-UP FOR TIIE 1936 GENERAL ELECTION as il affects governors, senators, and presidential
electors is shown in this outline map of the United States. The figures show how many each state will
send to the Electoral College, with the delegates whovoted for President Roosevelt in 1!)32 underscored.

THE LINE-UP FOR TIIE 1936 GENERAL ELECTION as il affects governors, senators, and presidential
electors is shown in this outline map of the United States. The figures show how many each state will
send to the Electoral College, with the delegates whovoted for President Roosevelt in 1!)32 underscored.

THE LINE-UP FOR TIIE 1936 GENERAL ELECTION as il affects governors, senators, and presidential
electors is shown in this outline map of the United States. The figures show how many each state will
send to the Electoral College, with the delegates whovoted for President Roosevelt in 1!)32 underscored.

THE LINE-UP FOR TIIE 1936 GENERAL ELECTION as il affects governors, senators, and presidential
electors is shown in this outline map of the United States. The figures show how many each state will
send to the Electoral College, with the delegates whovoted for President Roosevelt in 1!)32 underscored.

THE LINE-UP FOR TIIE 1936 GENERAL ELECTION as il affects governors, senators, and presidential
electors is shown in this outline map of the United States. The figures show how many each state will
send to the Electoral College, with the delegates whovoted for President Roosevelt in 1!)32 underscored.

THE LINE-UP FOR TIIE 1936 GENERAL ELECTION as il affects governors, senators, and presidential
electors is shown in this outline map of the United States. The figures show how many each state will
send to the Electoral College, with the delegates whovoted for President Roosevelt in 1!)32 underscored.

THE LINE-UP FOR TIIE 1936 GENERAL ELECTION as il affects governors, senators, and presidential
electors is shown in this outline map of the United States. The figures show how many each state will
send to the Electoral College, with the delegates whovoted for President Roosevelt in 1!)32 underscored.

THE LINE-UP FOR TIIE 1936 GENERAL ELECTION as il affects governors, senators, and presidential
electors is shown in this outline map of the United States. The figures show how many each state will
send to the Electoral College, with the delegates whovoted for President Roosevelt in 1!)32 underscored.
