# Announce University Holiday.
## 
### 
The Committee on Public Exercises
lias announced that Wednesday after
noon, April 28, will be observed as a
holiday in view of (lie afternoon per
formance of (he Musical Festival. All
University work will stop at 12:15.
The Committee on Public Exercises
lias announced that Wednesday after
noon, April 28, will be observed as a
holiday in view of (lie afternoon per
formance of (he Musical Festival. All
University work will stop at 12:15.
The Committee on Public Exercises
lias announced that Wednesday after
noon, April 28, will be observed as a
holiday in view of (lie afternoon per
formance of (he Musical Festival. All
University work will stop at 12:15.
The Committee on Public Exercises
lias announced that Wednesday after
noon, April 28, will be observed as a
holiday in view of (lie afternoon per
formance of (he Musical Festival. All
University work will stop at 12:15.
The Committee on Public Exercises
lias announced that Wednesday after
noon, April 28, will be observed as a
holiday in view of (lie afternoon per
formance of (he Musical Festival. All
University work will stop at 12:15.
The Committee on Public Exercises
lias announced that Wednesday after
noon, April 28, will be observed as a
holiday in view of (lie afternoon per
formance of (he Musical Festival. All
University work will stop at 12:15.
The Committee on Public Exercises
lias announced that Wednesday after
noon, April 28, will be observed as a
holiday in view of (lie afternoon per
formance of (he Musical Festival. All
University work will stop at 12:15.
The Committee on Public Exercises
lias announced that Wednesday after
noon, April 28, will be observed as a
holiday in view of (lie afternoon per
formance of (he Musical Festival. All
University work will stop at 12:15.
The Committee on Public Exercises
lias announced that Wednesday after
noon, April 28, will be observed as a
holiday in view of (lie afternoon per
formance of (he Musical Festival. All
University work will stop at 12:15.
The Committee on Public Exercises
lias announced that Wednesday after
noon, April 28, will be observed as a
holiday in view of (lie afternoon per
formance of (he Musical Festival. All
University work will stop at 12:15.
