# Novelty Theater.
## 
### 
A flue bill, including Shakespeare's
great play, "Julius Caesar." We will
lecture with this. A number of dainty
comedies.
A flue bill, including Shakespeare's
great play, "Julius Caesar." We will
lecture with this. A number of dainty
comedies.
A flue bill, including Shakespeare's
great play, "Julius Caesar." We will
lecture with this. A number of dainty
comedies.
A flue bill, including Shakespeare's
great play, "Julius Caesar." We will
lecture with this. A number of dainty
comedies.
A flue bill, including Shakespeare's
great play, "Julius Caesar." We will
lecture with this. A number of dainty
comedies.
A flue bill, including Shakespeare's
great play, "Julius Caesar." We will
lecture with this. A number of dainty
comedies.
A flue bill, including Shakespeare's
great play, "Julius Caesar." We will
lecture with this. A number of dainty
comedies.
A flue bill, including Shakespeare's
great play, "Julius Caesar." We will
lecture with this. A number of dainty
comedies.
A flue bill, including Shakespeare's
great play, "Julius Caesar." We will
lecture with this. A number of dainty
comedies.
A flue bill, including Shakespeare's
great play, "Julius Caesar." We will
lecture with this. A number of dainty
comedies.
