# Adv. 3 Page 3
## 
### 
LACROSSE
MEETING
' For all those
interested there will
be a meeting tonight
at 7:30 P.M.
at the D.U. House
LACROSSE
MEETING
' For all those
interested there will
be a meeting tonight
at 7:30 P.M.
at the D.U. House
LACROSSE
MEETING
' For all those
interested there will
be a meeting tonight
at 7:30 P.M.
at the D.U. House
LACROSSE
MEETING
' For all those
interested there will
be a meeting tonight
at 7:30 P.M.
at the D.U. House
LACROSSE
MEETING
' For all those
interested there will
be a meeting tonight
at 7:30 P.M.
at the D.U. House
LACROSSE
MEETING
' For all those
interested there will
be a meeting tonight
at 7:30 P.M.
at the D.U. House
LACROSSE
MEETING
' For all those
interested there will
be a meeting tonight
at 7:30 P.M.
at the D.U. House
LACROSSE
MEETING
' For all those
interested there will
be a meeting tonight
at 7:30 P.M.
at the D.U. House
LACROSSE
MEETING
' For all those
interested there will
be a meeting tonight
at 7:30 P.M.
at the D.U. House
LACROSSE
MEETING
' For all those
interested there will
be a meeting tonight
at 7:30 P.M.
at the D.U. House
LACROSSE
MEETING
' For all those
interested there will
be a meeting tonight
at 7:30 P.M.
at the D.U. House
LACROSSE
MEETING
' For all those
interested there will
be a meeting tonight
at 7:30 P.M.
at the D.U. House
LACROSSE
MEETING
' For all those
interested there will
be a meeting tonight
at 7:30 P.M.
at the D.U. House
LACROSSE
MEETING
' For all those
interested there will
be a meeting tonight
at 7:30 P.M.
at the D.U. House
