# PLUG UGLY DATE SET
## ONLY ONE MANUSCRIPT SUBMITTED TO COMMITTEE. Selection of Piece Postponed until Tuesday.â€”Price of Admission the Same as Last Year. 
### 
The committee in charge of the
Plug Ugly met last night and de
cided upon the date for the produc
tion of the farce. The Plug Ugly
will be given this semester on Fri
day evening, October 20th, a week
earlier than last year. This was
the only available date after the
intercollegiate Freshman game on
October 14th, since the Boat Club
farce will take place on October
27th, the date of the Plug Ugly
last year. The admission will be
twenty-five cents, the same as last
year.
The committee read the only
manuscript submitted and deferred
selection until next Tuesday eve
ning, giving the author an oppor
tunity to incorporate some of the
more recent local hits, and also to
give an opportunity to other per
sons who have manuscripts well
under way to complete them. All
manuscripts must be in the hands
of the Plug Ugly committee before
six o'clock Tuesday evening, Oc
tober 3d. The members of the
committee who have charge of the
affair are: Miss Mary Moore, Miss
B. Phillipi, H. P. Bittner, C. F.
Laumeister, and C. R. Crider.
The committee in charge of the
Plug Ugly met last night and de
cided upon the date for the produc
tion of the farce. The Plug Ugly
will be given this semester on Fri
day evening, October 20th, a week
earlier than last year. This was
the only available date after the
intercollegiate Freshman game on
October 14th, since the Boat Club
farce will take place on October
27th, the date of the Plug Ugly
last year. The admission will be
twenty-five cents, the same as last
year.
The committee read the only
manuscript submitted and deferred
selection until next Tuesday eve
ning, giving the author an oppor
tunity to incorporate some of the
more recent local hits, and also to
give an opportunity to other per
sons who have manuscripts well
under way to complete them. All
manuscripts must be in the hands
of the Plug Ugly committee before
six o'clock Tuesday evening, Oc
tober 3d. The members of the
committee who have charge of the
affair are: Miss Mary Moore, Miss
B. Phillipi, H. P. Bittner, C. F.
Laumeister, and C. R. Crider.
The committee in charge of the
Plug Ugly met last night and de
cided upon the date for the produc
tion of the farce. The Plug Ugly
will be given this semester on Fri
day evening, October 20th, a week
earlier than last year. This was
the only available date after the
intercollegiate Freshman game on
October 14th, since the Boat Club
farce will take place on October
27th, the date of the Plug Ugly
last year. The admission will be
twenty-five cents, the same as last
year.
The committee read the only
manuscript submitted and deferred
selection until next Tuesday eve
ning, giving the author an oppor
tunity to incorporate some of the
more recent local hits, and also to
give an opportunity to other per
sons who have manuscripts well
under way to complete them. All
manuscripts must be in the hands
of the Plug Ugly committee before
six o'clock Tuesday evening, Oc
tober 3d. The members of the
committee who have charge of the
affair are: Miss Mary Moore, Miss
B. Phillipi, H. P. Bittner, C. F.
Laumeister, and C. R. Crider.
The committee in charge of the
Plug Ugly met last night and de
cided upon the date for the produc
tion of the farce. The Plug Ugly
will be given this semester on Fri
day evening, October 20th, a week
earlier than last year. This was
the only available date after the
intercollegiate Freshman game on
October 14th, since the Boat Club
farce will take place on October
27th, the date of the Plug Ugly
last year. The admission will be
twenty-five cents, the same as last
year.
The committee read the only
manuscript submitted and deferred
selection until next Tuesday eve
ning, giving the author an oppor
tunity to incorporate some of the
more recent local hits, and also to
give an opportunity to other per
sons who have manuscripts well
under way to complete them. All
manuscripts must be in the hands
of the Plug Ugly committee before
six o'clock Tuesday evening, Oc
tober 3d. The members of the
committee who have charge of the
affair are: Miss Mary Moore, Miss
B. Phillipi, H. P. Bittner, C. F.
Laumeister, and C. R. Crider.
The committee in charge of the
Plug Ugly met last night and de
cided upon the date for the produc
tion of the farce. The Plug Ugly
will be given this semester on Fri
day evening, October 20th, a week
earlier than last year. This was
the only available date after the
intercollegiate Freshman game on
October 14th, since the Boat Club
farce will take place on October
27th, the date of the Plug Ugly
last year. The admission will be
twenty-five cents, the same as last
year.
The committee read the only
manuscript submitted and deferred
selection until next Tuesday eve
ning, giving the author an oppor
tunity to incorporate some of the
more recent local hits, and also to
give an opportunity to other per
sons who have manuscripts well
under way to complete them. All
manuscripts must be in the hands
of the Plug Ugly committee before
six o'clock Tuesday evening, Oc
tober 3d. The members of the
committee who have charge of the
affair are: Miss Mary Moore, Miss
B. Phillipi, H. P. Bittner, C. F.
Laumeister, and C. R. Crider.
The committee in charge of the
Plug Ugly met last night and de
cided upon the date for the produc
tion of the farce. The Plug Ugly
will be given this semester on Fri
day evening, October 20th, a week
earlier than last year. This was
the only available date after the
intercollegiate Freshman game on
October 14th, since the Boat Club
farce will take place on October
27th, the date of the Plug Ugly
last year. The admission will be
twenty-five cents, the same as last
year.
The committee read the only
manuscript submitted and deferred
selection until next Tuesday eve
ning, giving the author an oppor
tunity to incorporate some of the
more recent local hits, and also to
give an opportunity to other per
sons who have manuscripts well
under way to complete them. All
manuscripts must be in the hands
of the Plug Ugly committee before
six o'clock Tuesday evening, Oc
tober 3d. The members of the
committee who have charge of the
affair are: Miss Mary Moore, Miss
B. Phillipi, H. P. Bittner, C. F.
Laumeister, and C. R. Crider.
The committee in charge of the
Plug Ugly met last night and de
cided upon the date for the produc
tion of the farce. The Plug Ugly
will be given this semester on Fri
day evening, October 20th, a week
earlier than last year. This was
the only available date after the
intercollegiate Freshman game on
October 14th, since the Boat Club
farce will take place on October
27th, the date of the Plug Ugly
last year. The admission will be
twenty-five cents, the same as last
year.
The committee read the only
manuscript submitted and deferred
selection until next Tuesday eve
ning, giving the author an oppor
tunity to incorporate some of the
more recent local hits, and also to
give an opportunity to other per
sons who have manuscripts well
under way to complete them. All
manuscripts must be in the hands
of the Plug Ugly committee before
six o'clock Tuesday evening, Oc
tober 3d. The members of the
committee who have charge of the
affair are: Miss Mary Moore, Miss
B. Phillipi, H. P. Bittner, C. F.
Laumeister, and C. R. Crider.
The committee in charge of the
Plug Ugly met last night and de
cided upon the date for the produc
tion of the farce. The Plug Ugly
will be given this semester on Fri
day evening, October 20th, a week
earlier than last year. This was
the only available date after the
intercollegiate Freshman game on
October 14th, since the Boat Club
farce will take place on October
27th, the date of the Plug Ugly
last year. The admission will be
twenty-five cents, the same as last
year.
The committee read the only
manuscript submitted and deferred
selection until next Tuesday eve
ning, giving the author an oppor
tunity to incorporate some of the
more recent local hits, and also to
give an opportunity to other per
sons who have manuscripts well
under way to complete them. All
manuscripts must be in the hands
of the Plug Ugly committee before
six o'clock Tuesday evening, Oc
tober 3d. The members of the
committee who have charge of the
affair are: Miss Mary Moore, Miss
B. Phillipi, H. P. Bittner, C. F.
Laumeister, and C. R. Crider.
