# Interclass Baseball at California.
## 
### 
The interclaßS championship in
baseball at the University of Cal
ifornia was decided yesterday af
ternoon, the seniors winning from
the freshmen bv one run. The

gamewHP remarkably even through
out, the final ncore heing 10 to 9.
The interclaßS championship in
baseball at the University of Cal
ifornia was decided yesterday af
ternoon, the seniors winning from
the freshmen bv one run. The

gamewHP remarkably even through
out, the final ncore heing 10 to 9.
The interclaßS championship in
baseball at the University of Cal
ifornia was decided yesterday af
ternoon, the seniors winning from
the freshmen bv one run. The

gamewHP remarkably even through
out, the final ncore heing 10 to 9.
The interclaßS championship in
baseball at the University of Cal
ifornia was decided yesterday af
ternoon, the seniors winning from
the freshmen bv one run. The

gamewHP remarkably even through
out, the final ncore heing 10 to 9.
The interclaßS championship in
baseball at the University of Cal
ifornia was decided yesterday af
ternoon, the seniors winning from
the freshmen bv one run. The

gamewHP remarkably even through
out, the final ncore heing 10 to 9.
The interclaßS championship in
baseball at the University of Cal
ifornia was decided yesterday af
ternoon, the seniors winning from
the freshmen bv one run. The

gamewHP remarkably even through
out, the final ncore heing 10 to 9.
The interclaßS championship in
baseball at the University of Cal
ifornia was decided yesterday af
ternoon, the seniors winning from
the freshmen bv one run. The

gamewHP remarkably even through
out, the final ncore heing 10 to 9.
The interclaßS championship in
baseball at the University of Cal
ifornia was decided yesterday af
ternoon, the seniors winning from
the freshmen bv one run. The

gamewHP remarkably even through
out, the final ncore heing 10 to 9.
