# Stanford Women's League.
## 
### 
On Friday at 3:30 p.m. a prelim
inary meeting of the proposed
Women's League will be held in
Roble Hall. The primary aim of
the new League is the extension of
friendly intercourse among all
women of the University on a basis
of common interest and to a greater
degree than prevails at present. It
is hoped, also, that in time the
League may become a force in di
recting the affairs of our women
students, as such. Somewhat sim
ilar organizations are in successful
operation in several Eastern co-ed
ucational institutions. All women
connected with the University are
invited to be present at the prelim
inary meeting and to become mem
bers of the League if interested in
it. Jessie Knigiit Jordan.
