# GOP Convention Policy Will Be Discussed Sunday
## 
### 
A number of young politically
minded people of the Stanford-
Palo Alto area will gather Sunday
afternoon to discuss the prospec
tive nomination of a vice-presi
dential candidate at the GOP Na
tional Convention in San Fran
cisco.
The main topic to be discussed
will be the extent to which the
current GOP nominating trend re
flects the will of the American
voters.
Persons interested in attending
the meeting may contact Rufus
Rhoades at Davenport 6-0953 for
further information.
A number of young politically
minded people of the Stanford-
Palo Alto area will gather Sunday
afternoon to discuss the prospec
tive nomination of a vice-presi
dential candidate at the GOP Na
tional Convention in San Fran
cisco.
The main topic to be discussed
will be the extent to which the
current GOP nominating trend re
flects the will of the American
voters.
Persons interested in attending
the meeting may contact Rufus
Rhoades at Davenport 6-0953 for
further information.
A number of young politically
minded people of the Stanford-
Palo Alto area will gather Sunday
afternoon to discuss the prospec
tive nomination of a vice-presi
dential candidate at the GOP Na
tional Convention in San Fran
cisco.
The main topic to be discussed
will be the extent to which the
current GOP nominating trend re
flects the will of the American
voters.
Persons interested in attending
the meeting may contact Rufus
Rhoades at Davenport 6-0953 for
further information.
A number of young politically
minded people of the Stanford-
Palo Alto area will gather Sunday
afternoon to discuss the prospec
tive nomination of a vice-presi
dential candidate at the GOP Na
tional Convention in San Fran
cisco.
The main topic to be discussed
will be the extent to which the
current GOP nominating trend re
flects the will of the American
voters.
Persons interested in attending
the meeting may contact Rufus
Rhoades at Davenport 6-0953 for
further information.
A number of young politically
minded people of the Stanford-
Palo Alto area will gather Sunday
afternoon to discuss the prospec
tive nomination of a vice-presi
dential candidate at the GOP Na
tional Convention in San Fran
cisco.
The main topic to be discussed
will be the extent to which the
current GOP nominating trend re
flects the will of the American
voters.
Persons interested in attending
the meeting may contact Rufus
Rhoades at Davenport 6-0953 for
further information.
A number of young politically
minded people of the Stanford-
Palo Alto area will gather Sunday
afternoon to discuss the prospec
tive nomination of a vice-presi
dential candidate at the GOP Na
tional Convention in San Fran
cisco.
The main topic to be discussed
will be the extent to which the
current GOP nominating trend re
flects the will of the American
voters.
Persons interested in attending
the meeting may contact Rufus
Rhoades at Davenport 6-0953 for
further information.
A number of young politically
minded people of the Stanford-
Palo Alto area will gather Sunday
afternoon to discuss the prospec
tive nomination of a vice-presi
dential candidate at the GOP Na
tional Convention in San Fran
cisco.
The main topic to be discussed
will be the extent to which the
current GOP nominating trend re
flects the will of the American
voters.
Persons interested in attending
the meeting may contact Rufus
Rhoades at Davenport 6-0953 for
further information.
A number of young politically
minded people of the Stanford-
Palo Alto area will gather Sunday
afternoon to discuss the prospec
tive nomination of a vice-presi
dential candidate at the GOP Na
tional Convention in San Fran
cisco.
The main topic to be discussed
will be the extent to which the
current GOP nominating trend re
flects the will of the American
voters.
Persons interested in attending
the meeting may contact Rufus
Rhoades at Davenport 6-0953 for
further information.
A number of young politically
minded people of the Stanford-
Palo Alto area will gather Sunday
afternoon to discuss the prospec
tive nomination of a vice-presi
dential candidate at the GOP Na
tional Convention in San Fran
cisco.
The main topic to be discussed
will be the extent to which the
current GOP nominating trend re
flects the will of the American
voters.
Persons interested in attending
the meeting may contact Rufus
Rhoades at Davenport 6-0953 for
further information.
A number of young politically
minded people of the Stanford-
Palo Alto area will gather Sunday
afternoon to discuss the prospec
tive nomination of a vice-presi
dential candidate at the GOP Na
tional Convention in San Fran
cisco.
The main topic to be discussed
will be the extent to which the
current GOP nominating trend re
flects the will of the American
voters.
Persons interested in attending
the meeting may contact Rufus
Rhoades at Davenport 6-0953 for
further information.
A number of young politically
minded people of the Stanford-
Palo Alto area will gather Sunday
afternoon to discuss the prospec
tive nomination of a vice-presi
dential candidate at the GOP Na
tional Convention in San Fran
cisco.
The main topic to be discussed
will be the extent to which the
current GOP nominating trend re
flects the will of the American
voters.
Persons interested in attending
the meeting may contact Rufus
Rhoades at Davenport 6-0953 for
further information.
A number of young politically
minded people of the Stanford-
Palo Alto area will gather Sunday
afternoon to discuss the prospec
tive nomination of a vice-presi
dential candidate at the GOP Na
tional Convention in San Fran
cisco.
The main topic to be discussed
will be the extent to which the
current GOP nominating trend re
flects the will of the American
voters.
Persons interested in attending
the meeting may contact Rufus
Rhoades at Davenport 6-0953 for
further information.
A number of young politically
minded people of the Stanford-
Palo Alto area will gather Sunday
afternoon to discuss the prospec
tive nomination of a vice-presi
dential candidate at the GOP Na
tional Convention in San Fran
cisco.
The main topic to be discussed
will be the extent to which the
current GOP nominating trend re
flects the will of the American
voters.
Persons interested in attending
the meeting may contact Rufus
Rhoades at Davenport 6-0953 for
further information.
A number of young politically
minded people of the Stanford-
Palo Alto area will gather Sunday
afternoon to discuss the prospec
tive nomination of a vice-presi
dential candidate at the GOP Na
tional Convention in San Fran
cisco.
The main topic to be discussed
will be the extent to which the
current GOP nominating trend re
flects the will of the American
voters.
Persons interested in attending
the meeting may contact Rufus
Rhoades at Davenport 6-0953 for
further information.
A number of young politically
minded people of the Stanford-
Palo Alto area will gather Sunday
afternoon to discuss the prospec
tive nomination of a vice-presi
dential candidate at the GOP Na
tional Convention in San Fran
cisco.
The main topic to be discussed
will be the extent to which the
current GOP nominating trend re
flects the will of the American
voters.
Persons interested in attending
the meeting may contact Rufus
Rhoades at Davenport 6-0953 for
further information.
