# Giddings Shows Gain In Varsity Golf Competition
## 
### 
Since the water on the fairways
dried up, Dick Giddings moved up
to fourth place on the varsity golf
ladder, with a win over Tom Dwyer,
4 up and 3 to play.
Un the frosh squad, Don Edwards
successfully defended his number
one post against the challenge of
Bud Nicholas. Ray Freer retained
seventh place among the babes when
he beat Jim Welch, 4 up and 2 left.
Since the water on the fairways
dried up, Dick Giddings moved up
to fourth place on the varsity golf
ladder, with a win over Tom Dwyer,
4 up and 3 to play.
Un the frosh squad, Don Edwards
successfully defended his number
one post against the challenge of
Bud Nicholas. Ray Freer retained
seventh place among the babes when
he beat Jim Welch, 4 up and 2 left.
Since the water on the fairways
dried up, Dick Giddings moved up
to fourth place on the varsity golf
ladder, with a win over Tom Dwyer,
4 up and 3 to play.
Un the frosh squad, Don Edwards
successfully defended his number
one post against the challenge of
Bud Nicholas. Ray Freer retained
seventh place among the babes when
he beat Jim Welch, 4 up and 2 left.
Since the water on the fairways
dried up, Dick Giddings moved up
to fourth place on the varsity golf
ladder, with a win over Tom Dwyer,
4 up and 3 to play.
Un the frosh squad, Don Edwards
successfully defended his number
one post against the challenge of
Bud Nicholas. Ray Freer retained
seventh place among the babes when
he beat Jim Welch, 4 up and 2 left.
Since the water on the fairways
dried up, Dick Giddings moved up
to fourth place on the varsity golf
ladder, with a win over Tom Dwyer,
4 up and 3 to play.
Un the frosh squad, Don Edwards
successfully defended his number
one post against the challenge of
Bud Nicholas. Ray Freer retained
seventh place among the babes when
he beat Jim Welch, 4 up and 2 left.
Since the water on the fairways
dried up, Dick Giddings moved up
to fourth place on the varsity golf
ladder, with a win over Tom Dwyer,
4 up and 3 to play.
Un the frosh squad, Don Edwards
successfully defended his number
one post against the challenge of
Bud Nicholas. Ray Freer retained
seventh place among the babes when
he beat Jim Welch, 4 up and 2 left.
Since the water on the fairways
dried up, Dick Giddings moved up
to fourth place on the varsity golf
ladder, with a win over Tom Dwyer,
4 up and 3 to play.
Un the frosh squad, Don Edwards
successfully defended his number
one post against the challenge of
Bud Nicholas. Ray Freer retained
seventh place among the babes when
he beat Jim Welch, 4 up and 2 left.
Since the water on the fairways
dried up, Dick Giddings moved up
to fourth place on the varsity golf
ladder, with a win over Tom Dwyer,
4 up and 3 to play.
Un the frosh squad, Don Edwards
successfully defended his number
one post against the challenge of
Bud Nicholas. Ray Freer retained
seventh place among the babes when
he beat Jim Welch, 4 up and 2 left.
Since the water on the fairways
dried up, Dick Giddings moved up
to fourth place on the varsity golf
ladder, with a win over Tom Dwyer,
4 up and 3 to play.
Un the frosh squad, Don Edwards
successfully defended his number
one post against the challenge of
Bud Nicholas. Ray Freer retained
seventh place among the babes when
he beat Jim Welch, 4 up and 2 left.
Since the water on the fairways
dried up, Dick Giddings moved up
to fourth place on the varsity golf
ladder, with a win over Tom Dwyer,
4 up and 3 to play.
Un the frosh squad, Don Edwards
successfully defended his number
one post against the challenge of
Bud Nicholas. Ray Freer retained
seventh place among the babes when
he beat Jim Welch, 4 up and 2 left.
Since the water on the fairways
dried up, Dick Giddings moved up
to fourth place on the varsity golf
ladder, with a win over Tom Dwyer,
4 up and 3 to play.
Un the frosh squad, Don Edwards
successfully defended his number
one post against the challenge of
Bud Nicholas. Ray Freer retained
seventh place among the babes when
he beat Jim Welch, 4 up and 2 left.
Since the water on the fairways
dried up, Dick Giddings moved up
to fourth place on the varsity golf
ladder, with a win over Tom Dwyer,
4 up and 3 to play.
Un the frosh squad, Don Edwards
successfully defended his number
one post against the challenge of
Bud Nicholas. Ray Freer retained
seventh place among the babes when
he beat Jim Welch, 4 up and 2 left.
Since the water on the fairways
dried up, Dick Giddings moved up
to fourth place on the varsity golf
ladder, with a win over Tom Dwyer,
4 up and 3 to play.
Un the frosh squad, Don Edwards
successfully defended his number
one post against the challenge of
Bud Nicholas. Ray Freer retained
seventh place among the babes when
he beat Jim Welch, 4 up and 2 left.
Since the water on the fairways
dried up, Dick Giddings moved up
to fourth place on the varsity golf
ladder, with a win over Tom Dwyer,
4 up and 3 to play.
Un the frosh squad, Don Edwards
successfully defended his number
one post against the challenge of
Bud Nicholas. Ray Freer retained
seventh place among the babes when
he beat Jim Welch, 4 up and 2 left.
