# Journalism Class Will Visit Small Newspapers
## 
### 
Carrying on a study of country
;ind small-town newspapers, Profes
sor Buford O. Brown's 10 o'clock
journalism class in Editorial Man
agement will make a tour of the
Santa Clara valley tomorrow, visit
ing a number of weekly, semi
weekly, and daily newspapers.
Carrying on a study of country
;ind small-town newspapers, Profes
sor Buford O. Brown's 10 o'clock
journalism class in Editorial Man
agement will make a tour of the
Santa Clara valley tomorrow, visit
ing a number of weekly, semi
weekly, and daily newspapers.
Carrying on a study of country
;ind small-town newspapers, Profes
sor Buford O. Brown's 10 o'clock
journalism class in Editorial Man
agement will make a tour of the
Santa Clara valley tomorrow, visit
ing a number of weekly, semi
weekly, and daily newspapers.
Carrying on a study of country
;ind small-town newspapers, Profes
sor Buford O. Brown's 10 o'clock
journalism class in Editorial Man
agement will make a tour of the
Santa Clara valley tomorrow, visit
ing a number of weekly, semi
weekly, and daily newspapers.
Carrying on a study of country
;ind small-town newspapers, Profes
sor Buford O. Brown's 10 o'clock
journalism class in Editorial Man
agement will make a tour of the
Santa Clara valley tomorrow, visit
ing a number of weekly, semi
weekly, and daily newspapers.
Carrying on a study of country
;ind small-town newspapers, Profes
sor Buford O. Brown's 10 o'clock
journalism class in Editorial Man
agement will make a tour of the
Santa Clara valley tomorrow, visit
ing a number of weekly, semi
weekly, and daily newspapers.
Carrying on a study of country
;ind small-town newspapers, Profes
sor Buford O. Brown's 10 o'clock
journalism class in Editorial Man
agement will make a tour of the
Santa Clara valley tomorrow, visit
ing a number of weekly, semi
weekly, and daily newspapers.
Carrying on a study of country
;ind small-town newspapers, Profes
sor Buford O. Brown's 10 o'clock
journalism class in Editorial Man
agement will make a tour of the
Santa Clara valley tomorrow, visit
ing a number of weekly, semi
weekly, and daily newspapers.
Carrying on a study of country
;ind small-town newspapers, Profes
sor Buford O. Brown's 10 o'clock
journalism class in Editorial Man
agement will make a tour of the
Santa Clara valley tomorrow, visit
ing a number of weekly, semi
weekly, and daily newspapers.
Carrying on a study of country
;ind small-town newspapers, Profes
sor Buford O. Brown's 10 o'clock
journalism class in Editorial Man
agement will make a tour of the
Santa Clara valley tomorrow, visit
ing a number of weekly, semi
weekly, and daily newspapers.
Carrying on a study of country
;ind small-town newspapers, Profes
sor Buford O. Brown's 10 o'clock
journalism class in Editorial Man
agement will make a tour of the
Santa Clara valley tomorrow, visit
ing a number of weekly, semi
weekly, and daily newspapers.
Carrying on a study of country
;ind small-town newspapers, Profes
sor Buford O. Brown's 10 o'clock
journalism class in Editorial Man
agement will make a tour of the
Santa Clara valley tomorrow, visit
ing a number of weekly, semi
weekly, and daily newspapers.
Carrying on a study of country
;ind small-town newspapers, Profes
sor Buford O. Brown's 10 o'clock
journalism class in Editorial Man
agement will make a tour of the
Santa Clara valley tomorrow, visit
ing a number of weekly, semi
weekly, and daily newspapers.
Carrying on a study of country
;ind small-town newspapers, Profes
sor Buford O. Brown's 10 o'clock
journalism class in Editorial Man
agement will make a tour of the
Santa Clara valley tomorrow, visit
ing a number of weekly, semi
weekly, and daily newspapers.
