# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The University exercises of tho iirst
semester will close at 12:o0 p.m. Fri
day December 21. Individual instruct
ors are requested not to mike any ar
rangements for releasing students from
University work earlier than this date,
but to refer all such requests to tlie
Committee on Petitions (Prof. Wing,
Chairman).
David S. .Jordan, President.
The University exercises of tho iirst
semester will close at 12:o0 p.m. Fri
day December 21. Individual instruct
ors are requested not to mike any ar
rangements for releasing students from
University work earlier than this date,
but to refer all such requests to tlie
Committee on Petitions (Prof. Wing,
Chairman).
David S. .Jordan, President.
The University exercises of tho iirst
semester will close at 12:o0 p.m. Fri
day December 21. Individual instruct
ors are requested not to mike any ar
rangements for releasing students from
University work earlier than this date,
but to refer all such requests to tlie
Committee on Petitions (Prof. Wing,
Chairman).
David S. .Jordan, President.
