# Untitled Article
## 
### 
From the plans outlined by Trainer
Moulton and Captain Macfarland at
Thursday's rally, every effort will be
made to keep up interest in track this
season. The monotonous grind of
training, which discourages so many
of the new men, is to be varied with
meets at least once a week. The sys
tem of handicaps which will be in
stituted, will give the men who have
heretofore dragged along in the rear
at every meet, an opportunity to do
something. On the other hand the
new system will benefit the bleachers
for it will give the men who follow
track closely and who support it from
the side lines, a chance to see some
thing more than the comparatively
uninteresting trials. If the new sys
tem doe:: not develop much new ma
terial and give an added impetus to
track, it will be difficult to do so.
From the plans outlined by Trainer
Moulton and Captain Macfarland at
Thursday's rally, every effort will be
made to keep up interest in track this
season. The monotonous grind of
training, which discourages so many
of the new men, is to be varied with
meets at least once a week. The sys
tem of handicaps which will be in
stituted, will give the men who have
heretofore dragged along in the rear
at every meet, an opportunity to do
something. On the other hand the
new system will benefit the bleachers
for it will give the men who follow
track closely and who support it from
the side lines, a chance to see some
thing more than the comparatively
uninteresting trials. If the new sys
tem doe:: not develop much new ma
terial and give an added impetus to
track, it will be difficult to do so.
From the plans outlined by Trainer
Moulton and Captain Macfarland at
Thursday's rally, every effort will be
made to keep up interest in track this
season. The monotonous grind of
training, which discourages so many
of the new men, is to be varied with
meets at least once a week. The sys
tem of handicaps which will be in
stituted, will give the men who have
heretofore dragged along in the rear
at every meet, an opportunity to do
something. On the other hand the
new system will benefit the bleachers
for it will give the men who follow
track closely and who support it from
the side lines, a chance to see some
thing more than the comparatively
uninteresting trials. If the new sys
tem doe:: not develop much new ma
terial and give an added impetus to
track, it will be difficult to do so.
From the plans outlined by Trainer
Moulton and Captain Macfarland at
Thursday's rally, every effort will be
made to keep up interest in track this
season. The monotonous grind of
training, which discourages so many
of the new men, is to be varied with
meets at least once a week. The sys
tem of handicaps which will be in
stituted, will give the men who have
heretofore dragged along in the rear
at every meet, an opportunity to do
something. On the other hand the
new system will benefit the bleachers
for it will give the men who follow
track closely and who support it from
the side lines, a chance to see some
thing more than the comparatively
uninteresting trials. If the new sys
tem doe:: not develop much new ma
terial and give an added impetus to
track, it will be difficult to do so.
From the plans outlined by Trainer
Moulton and Captain Macfarland at
Thursday's rally, every effort will be
made to keep up interest in track this
season. The monotonous grind of
training, which discourages so many
of the new men, is to be varied with
meets at least once a week. The sys
tem of handicaps which will be in
stituted, will give the men who have
heretofore dragged along in the rear
at every meet, an opportunity to do
something. On the other hand the
new system will benefit the bleachers
for it will give the men who follow
track closely and who support it from
the side lines, a chance to see some
thing more than the comparatively
uninteresting trials. If the new sys
tem doe:: not develop much new ma
terial and give an added impetus to
track, it will be difficult to do so.
From the plans outlined by Trainer
Moulton and Captain Macfarland at
Thursday's rally, every effort will be
made to keep up interest in track this
season. The monotonous grind of
training, which discourages so many
of the new men, is to be varied with
meets at least once a week. The sys
tem of handicaps which will be in
stituted, will give the men who have
heretofore dragged along in the rear
at every meet, an opportunity to do
something. On the other hand the
new system will benefit the bleachers
for it will give the men who follow
track closely and who support it from
the side lines, a chance to see some
thing more than the comparatively
uninteresting trials. If the new sys
tem doe:: not develop much new ma
terial and give an added impetus to
track, it will be difficult to do so.
From the plans outlined by Trainer
Moulton and Captain Macfarland at
Thursday's rally, every effort will be
made to keep up interest in track this
season. The monotonous grind of
training, which discourages so many
of the new men, is to be varied with
meets at least once a week. The sys
tem of handicaps which will be in
stituted, will give the men who have
heretofore dragged along in the rear
at every meet, an opportunity to do
something. On the other hand the
new system will benefit the bleachers
for it will give the men who follow
track closely and who support it from
the side lines, a chance to see some
thing more than the comparatively
uninteresting trials. If the new sys
tem doe:: not develop much new ma
terial and give an added impetus to
track, it will be difficult to do so.
From the plans outlined by Trainer
Moulton and Captain Macfarland at
Thursday's rally, every effort will be
made to keep up interest in track this
season. The monotonous grind of
training, which discourages so many
of the new men, is to be varied with
meets at least once a week. The sys
tem of handicaps which will be in
stituted, will give the men who have
heretofore dragged along in the rear
at every meet, an opportunity to do
something. On the other hand the
new system will benefit the bleachers
for it will give the men who follow
track closely and who support it from
the side lines, a chance to see some
thing more than the comparatively
uninteresting trials. If the new sys
tem doe:: not develop much new ma
terial and give an added impetus to
track, it will be difficult to do so.
From the plans outlined by Trainer
Moulton and Captain Macfarland at
Thursday's rally, every effort will be
made to keep up interest in track this
season. The monotonous grind of
training, which discourages so many
of the new men, is to be varied with
meets at least once a week. The sys
tem of handicaps which will be in
stituted, will give the men who have
heretofore dragged along in the rear
at every meet, an opportunity to do
something. On the other hand the
new system will benefit the bleachers
for it will give the men who follow
track closely and who support it from
the side lines, a chance to see some
thing more than the comparatively
uninteresting trials. If the new sys
tem doe:: not develop much new ma
terial and give an added impetus to
track, it will be difficult to do so.
