# Philologists Meet
## 
### 
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold its second meet
ing of the year this afternoon at
1:1.1 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Prof. Donald Davidson of flic
Philosophy Department will speak
to the group 011 "The Language of
Fiction."
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold its second meet
ing of the year this afternoon at
1:1.1 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Prof. Donald Davidson of flic
Philosophy Department will speak
to the group 011 "The Language of
Fiction."
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold its second meet
ing of the year this afternoon at
1:1.1 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Prof. Donald Davidson of flic
Philosophy Department will speak
to the group 011 "The Language of
Fiction."
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold its second meet
ing of the year this afternoon at
1:1.1 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Prof. Donald Davidson of flic
Philosophy Department will speak
to the group 011 "The Language of
Fiction."
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold its second meet
ing of the year this afternoon at
1:1.1 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Prof. Donald Davidson of flic
Philosophy Department will speak
to the group 011 "The Language of
Fiction."
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold its second meet
ing of the year this afternoon at
1:1.1 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Prof. Donald Davidson of flic
Philosophy Department will speak
to the group 011 "The Language of
Fiction."
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold its second meet
ing of the year this afternoon at
1:1.1 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Prof. Donald Davidson of flic
Philosophy Department will speak
to the group 011 "The Language of
Fiction."
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold its second meet
ing of the year this afternoon at
1:1.1 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Prof. Donald Davidson of flic
Philosophy Department will speak
to the group 011 "The Language of
Fiction."
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold its second meet
ing of the year this afternoon at
1:1.1 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Prof. Donald Davidson of flic
Philosophy Department will speak
to the group 011 "The Language of
Fiction."
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold its second meet
ing of the year this afternoon at
1:1.1 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Prof. Donald Davidson of flic
Philosophy Department will speak
to the group 011 "The Language of
Fiction."
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold its second meet
ing of the year this afternoon at
1:1.1 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Prof. Donald Davidson of flic
Philosophy Department will speak
to the group 011 "The Language of
Fiction."
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold its second meet
ing of the year this afternoon at
1:1.1 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Prof. Donald Davidson of flic
Philosophy Department will speak
to the group 011 "The Language of
Fiction."
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold its second meet
ing of the year this afternoon at
1:1.1 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Prof. Donald Davidson of flic
Philosophy Department will speak
to the group 011 "The Language of
Fiction."
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold its second meet
ing of the year this afternoon at
1:1.1 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Prof. Donald Davidson of flic
Philosophy Department will speak
to the group 011 "The Language of
Fiction."
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold its second meet
ing of the year this afternoon at
1:1.1 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Prof. Donald Davidson of flic
Philosophy Department will speak
to the group 011 "The Language of
Fiction."
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold its second meet
ing of the year this afternoon at
1:1.1 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Prof. Donald Davidson of flic
Philosophy Department will speak
to the group 011 "The Language of
Fiction."
The Stanford Philological Asso
ciation will hold its second meet
ing of the year this afternoon at
1:1.1 in the lower lounge of the
Women's Clubhouse.
Prof. Donald Davidson of flic
Philosophy Department will speak
to the group 011 "The Language of
Fiction."
