# Y.W.C.A. To Hear Address.
## 
### 
The Vesper service of the Young
Women's Christian Association tomor
row afternoon will be held in the Ves
try at 4:30. Reverend Warner of the
Methodist Chnrch in Palo Alto will
talk on "Simplicity of Faith."
The lecture, which Mr. I. B. Cross
was to have given for the "Drop-in
Mission Class," on Wednesday, has
been postponed until next week, No
vember 8, on account of the rugby
game.
The Vesper service of the Young
Women's Christian Association tomor
row afternoon will be held in the Ves
try at 4:30. Reverend Warner of the
Methodist Chnrch in Palo Alto will
talk on "Simplicity of Faith."
The lecture, which Mr. I. B. Cross
was to have given for the "Drop-in
Mission Class," on Wednesday, has
been postponed until next week, No
vember 8, on account of the rugby
game.
The Vesper service of the Young
Women's Christian Association tomor
row afternoon will be held in the Ves
try at 4:30. Reverend Warner of the
Methodist Chnrch in Palo Alto will
talk on "Simplicity of Faith."
The lecture, which Mr. I. B. Cross
was to have given for the "Drop-in
Mission Class," on Wednesday, has
been postponed until next week, No
vember 8, on account of the rugby
game.
The Vesper service of the Young
Women's Christian Association tomor
row afternoon will be held in the Ves
try at 4:30. Reverend Warner of the
Methodist Chnrch in Palo Alto will
talk on "Simplicity of Faith."
The lecture, which Mr. I. B. Cross
was to have given for the "Drop-in
Mission Class," on Wednesday, has
been postponed until next week, No
vember 8, on account of the rugby
game.
The Vesper service of the Young
Women's Christian Association tomor
row afternoon will be held in the Ves
try at 4:30. Reverend Warner of the
Methodist Chnrch in Palo Alto will
talk on "Simplicity of Faith."
The lecture, which Mr. I. B. Cross
was to have given for the "Drop-in
Mission Class," on Wednesday, has
been postponed until next week, No
vember 8, on account of the rugby
game.
The Vesper service of the Young
Women's Christian Association tomor
row afternoon will be held in the Ves
try at 4:30. Reverend Warner of the
Methodist Chnrch in Palo Alto will
talk on "Simplicity of Faith."
The lecture, which Mr. I. B. Cross
was to have given for the "Drop-in
Mission Class," on Wednesday, has
been postponed until next week, No
vember 8, on account of the rugby
game.
The Vesper service of the Young
Women's Christian Association tomor
row afternoon will be held in the Ves
try at 4:30. Reverend Warner of the
Methodist Chnrch in Palo Alto will
talk on "Simplicity of Faith."
The lecture, which Mr. I. B. Cross
was to have given for the "Drop-in
Mission Class," on Wednesday, has
been postponed until next week, No
vember 8, on account of the rugby
game.
The Vesper service of the Young
Women's Christian Association tomor
row afternoon will be held in the Ves
try at 4:30. Reverend Warner of the
Methodist Chnrch in Palo Alto will
talk on "Simplicity of Faith."
The lecture, which Mr. I. B. Cross
was to have given for the "Drop-in
Mission Class," on Wednesday, has
been postponed until next week, No
vember 8, on account of the rugby
game.
The Vesper service of the Young
Women's Christian Association tomor
row afternoon will be held in the Ves
try at 4:30. Reverend Warner of the
Methodist Chnrch in Palo Alto will
talk on "Simplicity of Faith."
The lecture, which Mr. I. B. Cross
was to have given for the "Drop-in
Mission Class," on Wednesday, has
been postponed until next week, No
vember 8, on account of the rugby
game.
The Vesper service of the Young
Women's Christian Association tomor
row afternoon will be held in the Ves
try at 4:30. Reverend Warner of the
Methodist Chnrch in Palo Alto will
talk on "Simplicity of Faith."
The lecture, which Mr. I. B. Cross
was to have given for the "Drop-in
Mission Class," on Wednesday, has
been postponed until next week, No
vember 8, on account of the rugby
game.
The Vesper service of the Young
Women's Christian Association tomor
row afternoon will be held in the Ves
try at 4:30. Reverend Warner of the
Methodist Chnrch in Palo Alto will
talk on "Simplicity of Faith."
The lecture, which Mr. I. B. Cross
was to have given for the "Drop-in
Mission Class," on Wednesday, has
been postponed until next week, No
vember 8, on account of the rugby
game.
The Vesper service of the Young
Women's Christian Association tomor
row afternoon will be held in the Ves
try at 4:30. Reverend Warner of the
Methodist Chnrch in Palo Alto will
talk on "Simplicity of Faith."
The lecture, which Mr. I. B. Cross
was to have given for the "Drop-in
Mission Class," on Wednesday, has
been postponed until next week, No
vember 8, on account of the rugby
game.
