# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The University Hand haw made
a remarkable improvement during
the last two years. From an or
ganization that existed, in a half
hearted way, during the football
season only, it has become a perma
nent organization, that owns its
instruments and can be depended
upon to furnish good music at any
time during the college year. A
further step has been planned and
will undoubtedly be carried
throughâ€”the scheme of giving a
promenade concert on the quad.
Stanford is admirably situated for
the conducting of any kind of open
air entertainment, and the one pro
posed by the management of the
University Band promises to be an
exceptionally good one. The col
lege needs something to bring the
men together in an informal way,
something to make them mix on
the common basis, of participation
in a mutual pleasure. If the Band
can furnish this it will be doing a
great good. It has done the col
lege good on so many occasions in
the past that the student body is
in duty bound to offer the leader
and the members every encourage
ment in their new undertaking.
