# FIVE TEAMS PLANNED FOR BIG HOOP SEASON
## 
### 
Basketball practice will be started
some time late in the fall quarter, ac
cording to the plans of the Graduate
Manager's office and Andy Kerr. Five
teams will be played throughout the
season, each with its own schedule of
games. In addition to the varsity and
freshman teams there will be a second
varsity, and two weight teams, in the
130- and 145-pound classes, which are
the regular A.A.U. limits on weight
teams. .. ?
Basketball practice will be started
some time late in the fall quarter, ac
cording to the plans of the Graduate
Manager's office and Andy Kerr. Five
teams will be played throughout the
season, each with its own schedule of
games. In addition to the varsity and
freshman teams there will be a second
varsity, and two weight teams, in the
130- and 145-pound classes, which are
the regular A.A.U. limits on weight
teams. .. ?
Basketball practice will be started
some time late in the fall quarter, ac
cording to the plans of the Graduate
Manager's office and Andy Kerr. Five
teams will be played throughout the
season, each with its own schedule of
games. In addition to the varsity and
freshman teams there will be a second
varsity, and two weight teams, in the
130- and 145-pound classes, which are
the regular A.A.U. limits on weight
teams. .. ?
Basketball practice will be started
some time late in the fall quarter, ac
cording to the plans of the Graduate
Manager's office and Andy Kerr. Five
teams will be played throughout the
season, each with its own schedule of
games. In addition to the varsity and
freshman teams there will be a second
varsity, and two weight teams, in the
130- and 145-pound classes, which are
the regular A.A.U. limits on weight
teams. .. ?
Basketball practice will be started
some time late in the fall quarter, ac
cording to the plans of the Graduate
Manager's office and Andy Kerr. Five
teams will be played throughout the
season, each with its own schedule of
games. In addition to the varsity and
freshman teams there will be a second
varsity, and two weight teams, in the
130- and 145-pound classes, which are
the regular A.A.U. limits on weight
teams. .. ?
Basketball practice will be started
some time late in the fall quarter, ac
cording to the plans of the Graduate
Manager's office and Andy Kerr. Five
teams will be played throughout the
season, each with its own schedule of
games. In addition to the varsity and
freshman teams there will be a second
varsity, and two weight teams, in the
130- and 145-pound classes, which are
the regular A.A.U. limits on weight
teams. .. ?
Basketball practice will be started
some time late in the fall quarter, ac
cording to the plans of the Graduate
Manager's office and Andy Kerr. Five
teams will be played throughout the
season, each with its own schedule of
games. In addition to the varsity and
freshman teams there will be a second
varsity, and two weight teams, in the
130- and 145-pound classes, which are
the regular A.A.U. limits on weight
teams. .. ?
Basketball practice will be started
some time late in the fall quarter, ac
cording to the plans of the Graduate
Manager's office and Andy Kerr. Five
teams will be played throughout the
season, each with its own schedule of
games. In addition to the varsity and
freshman teams there will be a second
varsity, and two weight teams, in the
130- and 145-pound classes, which are
the regular A.A.U. limits on weight
teams. .. ?
Basketball practice will be started
some time late in the fall quarter, ac
cording to the plans of the Graduate
Manager's office and Andy Kerr. Five
teams will be played throughout the
season, each with its own schedule of
games. In addition to the varsity and
freshman teams there will be a second
varsity, and two weight teams, in the
130- and 145-pound classes, which are
the regular A.A.U. limits on weight
teams. .. ?
Basketball practice will be started
some time late in the fall quarter, ac
cording to the plans of the Graduate
Manager's office and Andy Kerr. Five
teams will be played throughout the
season, each with its own schedule of
games. In addition to the varsity and
freshman teams there will be a second
varsity, and two weight teams, in the
130- and 145-pound classes, which are
the regular A.A.U. limits on weight
teams. .. ?
Basketball practice will be started
some time late in the fall quarter, ac
cording to the plans of the Graduate
Manager's office and Andy Kerr. Five
teams will be played throughout the
season, each with its own schedule of
games. In addition to the varsity and
freshman teams there will be a second
varsity, and two weight teams, in the
130- and 145-pound classes, which are
the regular A.A.U. limits on weight
teams. .. ?
Basketball practice will be started
some time late in the fall quarter, ac
cording to the plans of the Graduate
Manager's office and Andy Kerr. Five
teams will be played throughout the
season, each with its own schedule of
games. In addition to the varsity and
freshman teams there will be a second
varsity, and two weight teams, in the
130- and 145-pound classes, which are
the regular A.A.U. limits on weight
teams. .. ?
Basketball practice will be started
some time late in the fall quarter, ac
cording to the plans of the Graduate
Manager's office and Andy Kerr. Five
teams will be played throughout the
season, each with its own schedule of
games. In addition to the varsity and
freshman teams there will be a second
varsity, and two weight teams, in the
130- and 145-pound classes, which are
the regular A.A.U. limits on weight
teams. .. ?
Basketball practice will be started
some time late in the fall quarter, ac
cording to the plans of the Graduate
Manager's office and Andy Kerr. Five
teams will be played throughout the
season, each with its own schedule of
games. In addition to the varsity and
freshman teams there will be a second
varsity, and two weight teams, in the
130- and 145-pound classes, which are
the regular A.A.U. limits on weight
teams. .. ?
Basketball practice will be started
some time late in the fall quarter, ac
cording to the plans of the Graduate
Manager's office and Andy Kerr. Five
teams will be played throughout the
season, each with its own schedule of
games. In addition to the varsity and
freshman teams there will be a second
varsity, and two weight teams, in the
130- and 145-pound classes, which are
the regular A.A.U. limits on weight
teams. .. ?
