# NEER AND DAVIS WIN DOUBLES MATCHES
## 
### 
Phil Neer and James Davis, Stanford
tennis stars, were both eliminated in
the singles matches at the Haverford
intercollegiate tournament. They won
today from the Harvard team in dou
bles and are still in the running for
the championship.
Phil Neer and James Davis, Stanford
tennis stars, were both eliminated in
the singles matches at the Haverford
intercollegiate tournament. They won
today from the Harvard team in dou
bles and are still in the running for
the championship.
Phil Neer and James Davis, Stanford
tennis stars, were both eliminated in
the singles matches at the Haverford
intercollegiate tournament. They won
today from the Harvard team in dou
bles and are still in the running for
the championship.
Phil Neer and James Davis, Stanford
tennis stars, were both eliminated in
the singles matches at the Haverford
intercollegiate tournament. They won
today from the Harvard team in dou
bles and are still in the running for
the championship.
Phil Neer and James Davis, Stanford
tennis stars, were both eliminated in
the singles matches at the Haverford
intercollegiate tournament. They won
today from the Harvard team in dou
bles and are still in the running for
the championship.
Phil Neer and James Davis, Stanford
tennis stars, were both eliminated in
the singles matches at the Haverford
intercollegiate tournament. They won
today from the Harvard team in dou
bles and are still in the running for
the championship.
Phil Neer and James Davis, Stanford
tennis stars, were both eliminated in
the singles matches at the Haverford
intercollegiate tournament. They won
today from the Harvard team in dou
bles and are still in the running for
the championship.
Phil Neer and James Davis, Stanford
tennis stars, were both eliminated in
the singles matches at the Haverford
intercollegiate tournament. They won
today from the Harvard team in dou
bles and are still in the running for
the championship.
Phil Neer and James Davis, Stanford
tennis stars, were both eliminated in
the singles matches at the Haverford
intercollegiate tournament. They won
today from the Harvard team in dou
bles and are still in the running for
the championship.
Phil Neer and James Davis, Stanford
tennis stars, were both eliminated in
the singles matches at the Haverford
intercollegiate tournament. They won
today from the Harvard team in dou
bles and are still in the running for
the championship.
Phil Neer and James Davis, Stanford
tennis stars, were both eliminated in
the singles matches at the Haverford
intercollegiate tournament. They won
today from the Harvard team in dou
bles and are still in the running for
the championship.
Phil Neer and James Davis, Stanford
tennis stars, were both eliminated in
the singles matches at the Haverford
intercollegiate tournament. They won
today from the Harvard team in dou
bles and are still in the running for
the championship.
Phil Neer and James Davis, Stanford
tennis stars, were both eliminated in
the singles matches at the Haverford
intercollegiate tournament. They won
today from the Harvard team in dou
bles and are still in the running for
the championship.
Phil Neer and James Davis, Stanford
tennis stars, were both eliminated in
the singles matches at the Haverford
intercollegiate tournament. They won
today from the Harvard team in dou
bles and are still in the running for
the championship.
Phil Neer and James Davis, Stanford
tennis stars, were both eliminated in
the singles matches at the Haverford
intercollegiate tournament. They won
today from the Harvard team in dou
bles and are still in the running for
the championship.
