# Adv. 16 Page 4
## 
### 
IF
Used to be a much quoted
poem—now it's the latest
hit.
Como, Eckstine, Stafford,
and others.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
IF
Used to be a much quoted
poem—now it's the latest
hit.
Como, Eckstine, Stafford,
and others.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
IF
Used to be a much quoted
poem—now it's the latest
hit.
Como, Eckstine, Stafford,
and others.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
IF
Used to be a much quoted
poem—now it's the latest
hit.
Como, Eckstine, Stafford,
and others.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
IF
Used to be a much quoted
poem—now it's the latest
hit.
Como, Eckstine, Stafford,
and others.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
IF
Used to be a much quoted
poem—now it's the latest
hit.
Como, Eckstine, Stafford,
and others.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
IF
Used to be a much quoted
poem—now it's the latest
hit.
Como, Eckstine, Stafford,
and others.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
IF
Used to be a much quoted
poem—now it's the latest
hit.
Como, Eckstine, Stafford,
and others.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
IF
Used to be a much quoted
poem—now it's the latest
hit.
Como, Eckstine, Stafford,
and others.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
IF
Used to be a much quoted
poem—now it's the latest
hit.
Como, Eckstine, Stafford,
and others.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
IF
Used to be a much quoted
poem—now it's the latest
hit.
Como, Eckstine, Stafford,
and others.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
IF
Used to be a much quoted
poem—now it's the latest
hit.
Como, Eckstine, Stafford,
and others.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
IF
Used to be a much quoted
poem—now it's the latest
hit.
Como, Eckstine, Stafford,
and others.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
IF
Used to be a much quoted
poem—now it's the latest
hit.
Como, Eckstine, Stafford,
and others.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
IF
Used to be a much quoted
poem—now it's the latest
hit.
Como, Eckstine, Stafford,
and others.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University
