# New Sophomore Officers.
## 
### 
The Sophomore Class met in the
physics lecture room this afternoon
to elect officers. Vice-president
Bradley called the meeting toorder,
and the class proceeded to ballot
for president. The contest was be
tween W. P. Mcintosh and Charles
E.Schwartz, H. 11. Plate having
withdrawn. During the count of
the ballots the greatest excitement
prevailed owing to the closeness of
the election. The candidates kept
close together, the difference be
tween them being rarely more than
one or two votes. Near the close,
however, Schwartz made large
gains, and the final result in his
favor was 63 to 53.
The remainder of the officers are
as follows: First vice-president, C.
M. Bradley; second vice-president,
C. W. Tozer; recording secretary,
Miss M. F.Tucker; corresponding
secretary, W. C Morrow; treasurer,
O. C. Leiter; sergeant-at-arms, F.
L. Berry; baseball manager, T. T.
C. (iregory; tennis manager, M.J.
Overacker; track manager, E. W.
Smith; class historian, C. M. Brad
lev; class council, J. H. Crippen,
W. C. Rodgers, O. B. (iottschalk,
C. E. Thomas, J. E. Sharp, F. L.
Talbcrt.
The Sophomore Class met in the
physics lecture room this afternoon
to elect officers. Vice-president
Bradley called the meeting toorder,
and the class proceeded to ballot
for president. The contest was be
tween W. P. Mcintosh and Charles
E.Schwartz, H. 11. Plate having
withdrawn. During the count of
the ballots the greatest excitement
prevailed owing to the closeness of
the election. The candidates kept
close together, the difference be
tween them being rarely more than
one or two votes. Near the close,
however, Schwartz made large
gains, and the final result in his
favor was 63 to 53.
The remainder of the officers are
as follows: First vice-president, C.
M. Bradley; second vice-president,
C. W. Tozer; recording secretary,
Miss M. F.Tucker; corresponding
secretary, W. C Morrow; treasurer,
O. C. Leiter; sergeant-at-arms, F.
L. Berry; baseball manager, T. T.
C. (iregory; tennis manager, M.J.
Overacker; track manager, E. W.
Smith; class historian, C. M. Brad
lev; class council, J. H. Crippen,
W. C. Rodgers, O. B. (iottschalk,
C. E. Thomas, J. E. Sharp, F. L.
Talbcrt.
The Sophomore Class met in the
physics lecture room this afternoon
to elect officers. Vice-president
Bradley called the meeting toorder,
and the class proceeded to ballot
for president. The contest was be
tween W. P. Mcintosh and Charles
E.Schwartz, H. 11. Plate having
withdrawn. During the count of
the ballots the greatest excitement
prevailed owing to the closeness of
the election. The candidates kept
close together, the difference be
tween them being rarely more than
one or two votes. Near the close,
however, Schwartz made large
gains, and the final result in his
favor was 63 to 53.
The remainder of the officers are
as follows: First vice-president, C.
M. Bradley; second vice-president,
C. W. Tozer; recording secretary,
Miss M. F.Tucker; corresponding
secretary, W. C Morrow; treasurer,
O. C. Leiter; sergeant-at-arms, F.
L. Berry; baseball manager, T. T.
C. (iregory; tennis manager, M.J.
Overacker; track manager, E. W.
Smith; class historian, C. M. Brad
lev; class council, J. H. Crippen,
W. C. Rodgers, O. B. (iottschalk,
C. E. Thomas, J. E. Sharp, F. L.
Talbcrt.
The Sophomore Class met in the
physics lecture room this afternoon
to elect officers. Vice-president
Bradley called the meeting toorder,
and the class proceeded to ballot
for president. The contest was be
tween W. P. Mcintosh and Charles
E.Schwartz, H. 11. Plate having
withdrawn. During the count of
the ballots the greatest excitement
prevailed owing to the closeness of
the election. The candidates kept
close together, the difference be
tween them being rarely more than
one or two votes. Near the close,
however, Schwartz made large
gains, and the final result in his
favor was 63 to 53.
The remainder of the officers are
as follows: First vice-president, C.
M. Bradley; second vice-president,
C. W. Tozer; recording secretary,
Miss M. F.Tucker; corresponding
secretary, W. C Morrow; treasurer,
O. C. Leiter; sergeant-at-arms, F.
L. Berry; baseball manager, T. T.
C. (iregory; tennis manager, M.J.
Overacker; track manager, E. W.
Smith; class historian, C. M. Brad
lev; class council, J. H. Crippen,
W. C. Rodgers, O. B. (iottschalk,
C. E. Thomas, J. E. Sharp, F. L.
Talbcrt.
The Sophomore Class met in the
physics lecture room this afternoon
to elect officers. Vice-president
Bradley called the meeting toorder,
and the class proceeded to ballot
for president. The contest was be
tween W. P. Mcintosh and Charles
E.Schwartz, H. 11. Plate having
withdrawn. During the count of
the ballots the greatest excitement
prevailed owing to the closeness of
the election. The candidates kept
close together, the difference be
tween them being rarely more than
one or two votes. Near the close,
however, Schwartz made large
gains, and the final result in his
favor was 63 to 53.
The remainder of the officers are
as follows: First vice-president, C.
M. Bradley; second vice-president,
C. W. Tozer; recording secretary,
Miss M. F.Tucker; corresponding
secretary, W. C Morrow; treasurer,
O. C. Leiter; sergeant-at-arms, F.
L. Berry; baseball manager, T. T.
C. (iregory; tennis manager, M.J.
Overacker; track manager, E. W.
Smith; class historian, C. M. Brad
lev; class council, J. H. Crippen,
W. C. Rodgers, O. B. (iottschalk,
C. E. Thomas, J. E. Sharp, F. L.
Talbcrt.
