# "Profitable Publicity."
## 
### 
Profitable Publicity is a monthly
journal for advertisers which Mr.
E. J. Arnold, the well-known ad
vertising man of San Francisco, has
begun to publish, in which are dis
cussed problems which confront
every business man in these days
when advertising is being conduc
ted on scientific principles. Mi-
Arnold's publication is well-gotten
up and is exceedingly neat typo
graphically. The reading mat
ter is bright and interesting. The
advertisements are carefully pre
pared and do credit to Mr. Arnold
as an advertising writer.
Profitable Publicity is a monthly
journal for advertisers which Mr.
E. J. Arnold, the well-known ad
vertising man of San Francisco, has
begun to publish, in which are dis
cussed problems which confront
every business man in these days
when advertising is being conduc
ted on scientific principles. Mi-
Arnold's publication is well-gotten
up and is exceedingly neat typo
graphically. The reading mat
ter is bright and interesting. The
advertisements are carefully pre
pared and do credit to Mr. Arnold
as an advertising writer.
Profitable Publicity is a monthly
journal for advertisers which Mr.
E. J. Arnold, the well-known ad
vertising man of San Francisco, has
begun to publish, in which are dis
cussed problems which confront
every business man in these days
when advertising is being conduc
ted on scientific principles. Mi-
Arnold's publication is well-gotten
up and is exceedingly neat typo
graphically. The reading mat
ter is bright and interesting. The
advertisements are carefully pre
pared and do credit to Mr. Arnold
as an advertising writer.
Profitable Publicity is a monthly
journal for advertisers which Mr.
E. J. Arnold, the well-known ad
vertising man of San Francisco, has
begun to publish, in which are dis
cussed problems which confront
every business man in these days
when advertising is being conduc
ted on scientific principles. Mi-
Arnold's publication is well-gotten
up and is exceedingly neat typo
graphically. The reading mat
ter is bright and interesting. The
advertisements are carefully pre
pared and do credit to Mr. Arnold
as an advertising writer.
Profitable Publicity is a monthly
journal for advertisers which Mr.
E. J. Arnold, the well-known ad
vertising man of San Francisco, has
begun to publish, in which are dis
cussed problems which confront
every business man in these days
when advertising is being conduc
ted on scientific principles. Mi-
Arnold's publication is well-gotten
up and is exceedingly neat typo
graphically. The reading mat
ter is bright and interesting. The
advertisements are carefully pre
pared and do credit to Mr. Arnold
as an advertising writer.
