# KZSU
## 
### 
KZSU, "Stanford Daily," is
again participating in live
broadcasts from local
entertainment spots. KZSU most
recently broadcast live from the
Tangent, on the Circle, in Palo
Alto—covering the Folk & Blues
Workshop.
In years past, KZSU also
broadcast live from the
Poppycock, the most notable
instance being the broadcast of
Creedence Clearwater Revival—the
first airplay received anywhere in
the country by the group.
Tonight, live broadcasts will
again resume, from the
Poppycock, bringing to Stanford,
the "Apple Valley Playboys." The
Poppycock has recently
undertaken to present Folk &
Bluegrass entertainment in
addition to the normal fare of
Blues, Rock, Jazz, and Theatre
productions.
The two-hour live broadcast,
starting at 10:20 p.m., tonight,
promises an interesting
introduction of the group to the
Stanford audience. KZSU
broadcasts at 90.1 FM, 880 AM
(in dorms).
