# SENIORS NOMINATED
## E.P. STOTT IS ONLY CANDIDATE FOR THE PRESIDENCY. Little Competition For Offices and Election Will Be Held Next Tuesday. 
### 
The Senior class held their first
meeting of the year this afternoon
and nominated officers for the com
ing semester. The only contest is
for the treasurerehip between H. P.
Bittner and R. S. Lacey. The
election will be held on next Tues
day.
E. P. Stott, varsity football cap
tain, was the only candidate nom
inated for the presidency of the
class. The other nominations were
as follows: vice-president, H. K.
Savage; secretary, Miss M. B. Stall
cup; treasurer, R. S. Lacey and
H. P. Bittner; sergeant-at-arms, J.
C. Macfarland.
Three class sweaters were awar
ded on motions by J. C. Macfarland
and G. J Presley. E. J. Nash, the
crack distance runner, and A. B.
Cox, were the two track men who
received class sweaters and R. Topp,
second base-man on last year's
class team, was the third man to
receive class numerals at to-day's
meeting.
K. A. Bickel, editor of the 1907
"Quad", explained to theclass that
the last year's Junior annual was
a total loss and that the question
now before the class was whether
to accept an offer to occupy a cer
tain number of pages in the 1908
"Quad" or to publish a separate
volume of about 100 or 150 pages
and have it consist mainly of sta
tistics and class records. A moti
on was passed to allow the 1907
"Quad" board to meet and decide
what is advisable in this matter
and report at the next meeting of
the class.
