# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Eighteen institutions have dropped
athletics entirely on account of the
war, according to answers to a ques
tionnaire distributed by Professor
Fredrick B. Woll of the College of the
City of New York.
Eighteen institutions have dropped
athletics entirely on account of the
war, according to answers to a ques
tionnaire distributed by Professor
Fredrick B. Woll of the College of the
City of New York.
Eighteen institutions have dropped
athletics entirely on account of the
war, according to answers to a ques
tionnaire distributed by Professor
Fredrick B. Woll of the College of the
City of New York.
Eighteen institutions have dropped
athletics entirely on account of the
war, according to answers to a ques
tionnaire distributed by Professor
Fredrick B. Woll of the College of the
City of New York.
Eighteen institutions have dropped
athletics entirely on account of the
war, according to answers to a ques
tionnaire distributed by Professor
Fredrick B. Woll of the College of the
City of New York.
Eighteen institutions have dropped
athletics entirely on account of the
war, according to answers to a ques
tionnaire distributed by Professor
Fredrick B. Woll of the College of the
City of New York.
Eighteen institutions have dropped
athletics entirely on account of the
war, according to answers to a ques
tionnaire distributed by Professor
Fredrick B. Woll of the College of the
City of New York.
Eighteen institutions have dropped
athletics entirely on account of the
war, according to answers to a ques
tionnaire distributed by Professor
Fredrick B. Woll of the College of the
City of New York.
Eighteen institutions have dropped
athletics entirely on account of the
war, according to answers to a ques
tionnaire distributed by Professor
Fredrick B. Woll of the College of the
City of New York.
Eighteen institutions have dropped
athletics entirely on account of the
war, according to answers to a ques
tionnaire distributed by Professor
Fredrick B. Woll of the College of the
City of New York.
Eighteen institutions have dropped
athletics entirely on account of the
war, according to answers to a ques
tionnaire distributed by Professor
Fredrick B. Woll of the College of the
City of New York.
Eighteen institutions have dropped
athletics entirely on account of the
war, according to answers to a ques
tionnaire distributed by Professor
Fredrick B. Woll of the College of the
City of New York.
Eighteen institutions have dropped
athletics entirely on account of the
war, according to answers to a ques
tionnaire distributed by Professor
Fredrick B. Woll of the College of the
City of New York.
Eighteen institutions have dropped
athletics entirely on account of the
war, according to answers to a ques
tionnaire distributed by Professor
Fredrick B. Woll of the College of the
City of New York.
Eighteen institutions have dropped
athletics entirely on account of the
war, according to answers to a ques
tionnaire distributed by Professor
Fredrick B. Woll of the College of the
City of New York.
Eighteen institutions have dropped
athletics entirely on account of the
war, according to answers to a ques
tionnaire distributed by Professor
Fredrick B. Woll of the College of the
City of New York.
