# Quad Rebuilding Takes Next Step
## 
### 
Remodeling of the Philosophy
Building on Inner Quad is well
under way, with completion set
for September 30.
Under a policy of modernizing
campus buildings, the Philosophy
Building will be enlarged to a two
story structure without altering
the exterior.
In addition to new classrooms,
seminar rooms and offices, the
building will contain a large li
>rary, tailored to the needs of stu
'cnls of philosophy, mathematics
and statistics.
The project will cost $145,000.
Second floor facilities will be oc
cupied by administrative offices
of the Applied Mathematics and
Statistics Laboratory.
A second project will be the
modernizing of two classrooms in
the Sociology Department.
