# Professor Robertson Will Speak.
## 
### 
Prof. C. H. Robertson of Purdue
University will be on the campus
tomorrow in the interest of the
Y.M.C.A. In the evening at seven
o'clock he will address the associa
tion and immediately thereafter
confer with the advisory board of
the associations in regard to their
work. The organizations of tho Y.
M. C. A. expect to reap consider
able benefit from the visit.
Professor Robertson has for some
years been active as a faculty
member in the college work of the
Y. M. C. A. throughout the Middle
West. At present he is on his way

to the Orient, recent changes in the
educational system in China hav
ing opened up the largest and most
difficult Held for student work.
Professor Robertson will inaugurate
systematic Christian college activ
ity. He was selected for this posi
tion from many hundreds of avail
able men.
Prof. C. H. Robertson of Purdue
University will be on the campus
tomorrow in the interest of the
Y.M.C.A. In the evening at seven
o'clock he will address the associa
tion and immediately thereafter
confer with the advisory board of
the associations in regard to their
work. The organizations of tho Y.
M. C. A. expect to reap consider
able benefit from the visit.
Professor Robertson has for some
years been active as a faculty
member in the college work of the
Y. M. C. A. throughout the Middle
West. At present he is on his way

to the Orient, recent changes in the
educational system in China hav
ing opened up the largest and most
difficult Held for student work.
Professor Robertson will inaugurate
systematic Christian college activ
ity. He was selected for this posi
tion from many hundreds of avail
able men.
Prof. C. H. Robertson of Purdue
University will be on the campus
tomorrow in the interest of the
Y.M.C.A. In the evening at seven
o'clock he will address the associa
tion and immediately thereafter
confer with the advisory board of
the associations in regard to their
work. The organizations of tho Y.
M. C. A. expect to reap consider
able benefit from the visit.
Professor Robertson has for some
years been active as a faculty
member in the college work of the
Y. M. C. A. throughout the Middle
West. At present he is on his way

to the Orient, recent changes in the
educational system in China hav
ing opened up the largest and most
difficult Held for student work.
Professor Robertson will inaugurate
systematic Christian college activ
ity. He was selected for this posi
tion from many hundreds of avail
able men.
Prof. C. H. Robertson of Purdue
University will be on the campus
tomorrow in the interest of the
Y.M.C.A. In the evening at seven
o'clock he will address the associa
tion and immediately thereafter
confer with the advisory board of
the associations in regard to their
work. The organizations of tho Y.
M. C. A. expect to reap consider
able benefit from the visit.
Professor Robertson has for some
years been active as a faculty
member in the college work of the
Y. M. C. A. throughout the Middle
West. At present he is on his way

to the Orient, recent changes in the
educational system in China hav
ing opened up the largest and most
difficult Held for student work.
Professor Robertson will inaugurate
systematic Christian college activ
ity. He was selected for this posi
tion from many hundreds of avail
able men.
Prof. C. H. Robertson of Purdue
University will be on the campus
tomorrow in the interest of the
Y.M.C.A. In the evening at seven
o'clock he will address the associa
tion and immediately thereafter
confer with the advisory board of
the associations in regard to their
work. The organizations of tho Y.
M. C. A. expect to reap consider
able benefit from the visit.
Professor Robertson has for some
years been active as a faculty
member in the college work of the
Y. M. C. A. throughout the Middle
West. At present he is on his way

to the Orient, recent changes in the
educational system in China hav
ing opened up the largest and most
difficult Held for student work.
Professor Robertson will inaugurate
systematic Christian college activ
ity. He was selected for this posi
tion from many hundreds of avail
able men.
Prof. C. H. Robertson of Purdue
University will be on the campus
tomorrow in the interest of the
Y.M.C.A. In the evening at seven
o'clock he will address the associa
tion and immediately thereafter
confer with the advisory board of
the associations in regard to their
work. The organizations of tho Y.
M. C. A. expect to reap consider
able benefit from the visit.
Professor Robertson has for some
years been active as a faculty
member in the college work of the
Y. M. C. A. throughout the Middle
West. At present he is on his way

to the Orient, recent changes in the
educational system in China hav
ing opened up the largest and most
difficult Held for student work.
Professor Robertson will inaugurate
systematic Christian college activ
ity. He was selected for this posi
tion from many hundreds of avail
able men.
Prof. C. H. Robertson of Purdue
University will be on the campus
tomorrow in the interest of the
Y.M.C.A. In the evening at seven
o'clock he will address the associa
tion and immediately thereafter
confer with the advisory board of
the associations in regard to their
work. The organizations of tho Y.
M. C. A. expect to reap consider
able benefit from the visit.
Professor Robertson has for some
years been active as a faculty
member in the college work of the
Y. M. C. A. throughout the Middle
West. At present he is on his way

to the Orient, recent changes in the
educational system in China hav
ing opened up the largest and most
difficult Held for student work.
Professor Robertson will inaugurate
systematic Christian college activ
ity. He was selected for this posi
tion from many hundreds of avail
able men.
Prof. C. H. Robertson of Purdue
University will be on the campus
tomorrow in the interest of the
Y.M.C.A. In the evening at seven
o'clock he will address the associa
tion and immediately thereafter
confer with the advisory board of
the associations in regard to their
work. The organizations of tho Y.
M. C. A. expect to reap consider
able benefit from the visit.
Professor Robertson has for some
years been active as a faculty
member in the college work of the
Y. M. C. A. throughout the Middle
West. At present he is on his way

to the Orient, recent changes in the
educational system in China hav
ing opened up the largest and most
difficult Held for student work.
Professor Robertson will inaugurate
systematic Christian college activ
ity. He was selected for this posi
tion from many hundreds of avail
able men.
