# In Memory of Stevenson.
## 
### 
Admirers of Robert Louis Steven
son are to meet Thursday evening,
November 13th, at the Stevenson
monument, opposite the Hall of
Justice in San Francisco, to hold
the annual memorial service, a cus
tom which originated last year. At
8 p.m. at tbe monument the partic
ipants and special guests will plant
a sprig of ivy brought from Steven
son's old home in Scotland; at 9
there will be a supper at a Bush
street cafe, one of Stevenson's
haunts, where a literary program
will be carried out. Among those
taking part will be: President and
Mrs. David Starr Jordan, Miss An
nie Ide, Mrs. Virgil Williams, Er
nest E. Raker, D. 1)., Mrs. Sanchez
of Berkeley, Professors V. L. Kel
logg and R. E. Allardice of Stan
ford, and Mrs. Stevenson.
Admirers of Robert Louis Steven
son are to meet Thursday evening,
November 13th, at the Stevenson
monument, opposite the Hall of
Justice in San Francisco, to hold
the annual memorial service, a cus
tom which originated last year. At
8 p.m. at tbe monument the partic
ipants and special guests will plant
a sprig of ivy brought from Steven
son's old home in Scotland; at 9
there will be a supper at a Bush
street cafe, one of Stevenson's
haunts, where a literary program
will be carried out. Among those
taking part will be: President and
Mrs. David Starr Jordan, Miss An
nie Ide, Mrs. Virgil Williams, Er
nest E. Raker, D. 1)., Mrs. Sanchez
of Berkeley, Professors V. L. Kel
logg and R. E. Allardice of Stan
ford, and Mrs. Stevenson.
Admirers of Robert Louis Steven
son are to meet Thursday evening,
November 13th, at the Stevenson
monument, opposite the Hall of
Justice in San Francisco, to hold
the annual memorial service, a cus
tom which originated last year. At
8 p.m. at tbe monument the partic
ipants and special guests will plant
a sprig of ivy brought from Steven
son's old home in Scotland; at 9
there will be a supper at a Bush
street cafe, one of Stevenson's
haunts, where a literary program
will be carried out. Among those
taking part will be: President and
Mrs. David Starr Jordan, Miss An
nie Ide, Mrs. Virgil Williams, Er
nest E. Raker, D. 1)., Mrs. Sanchez
of Berkeley, Professors V. L. Kel
logg and R. E. Allardice of Stan
ford, and Mrs. Stevenson.
Admirers of Robert Louis Steven
son are to meet Thursday evening,
November 13th, at the Stevenson
monument, opposite the Hall of
Justice in San Francisco, to hold
the annual memorial service, a cus
tom which originated last year. At
8 p.m. at tbe monument the partic
ipants and special guests will plant
a sprig of ivy brought from Steven
son's old home in Scotland; at 9
there will be a supper at a Bush
street cafe, one of Stevenson's
haunts, where a literary program
will be carried out. Among those
taking part will be: President and
Mrs. David Starr Jordan, Miss An
nie Ide, Mrs. Virgil Williams, Er
nest E. Raker, D. 1)., Mrs. Sanchez
of Berkeley, Professors V. L. Kel
logg and R. E. Allardice of Stan
ford, and Mrs. Stevenson.
Admirers of Robert Louis Steven
son are to meet Thursday evening,
November 13th, at the Stevenson
monument, opposite the Hall of
Justice in San Francisco, to hold
the annual memorial service, a cus
tom which originated last year. At
8 p.m. at tbe monument the partic
ipants and special guests will plant
a sprig of ivy brought from Steven
son's old home in Scotland; at 9
there will be a supper at a Bush
street cafe, one of Stevenson's
haunts, where a literary program
will be carried out. Among those
taking part will be: President and
Mrs. David Starr Jordan, Miss An
nie Ide, Mrs. Virgil Williams, Er
nest E. Raker, D. 1)., Mrs. Sanchez
of Berkeley, Professors V. L. Kel
logg and R. E. Allardice of Stan
ford, and Mrs. Stevenson.
Admirers of Robert Louis Steven
son are to meet Thursday evening,
November 13th, at the Stevenson
monument, opposite the Hall of
Justice in San Francisco, to hold
the annual memorial service, a cus
tom which originated last year. At
8 p.m. at tbe monument the partic
ipants and special guests will plant
a sprig of ivy brought from Steven
son's old home in Scotland; at 9
there will be a supper at a Bush
street cafe, one of Stevenson's
haunts, where a literary program
will be carried out. Among those
taking part will be: President and
Mrs. David Starr Jordan, Miss An
nie Ide, Mrs. Virgil Williams, Er
nest E. Raker, D. 1)., Mrs. Sanchez
of Berkeley, Professors V. L. Kel
logg and R. E. Allardice of Stan
ford, and Mrs. Stevenson.
Admirers of Robert Louis Steven
son are to meet Thursday evening,
November 13th, at the Stevenson
monument, opposite the Hall of
Justice in San Francisco, to hold
the annual memorial service, a cus
tom which originated last year. At
8 p.m. at tbe monument the partic
ipants and special guests will plant
a sprig of ivy brought from Steven
son's old home in Scotland; at 9
there will be a supper at a Bush
street cafe, one of Stevenson's
haunts, where a literary program
will be carried out. Among those
taking part will be: President and
Mrs. David Starr Jordan, Miss An
nie Ide, Mrs. Virgil Williams, Er
nest E. Raker, D. 1)., Mrs. Sanchez
of Berkeley, Professors V. L. Kel
logg and R. E. Allardice of Stan
ford, and Mrs. Stevenson.
Admirers of Robert Louis Steven
son are to meet Thursday evening,
November 13th, at the Stevenson
monument, opposite the Hall of
Justice in San Francisco, to hold
the annual memorial service, a cus
tom which originated last year. At
8 p.m. at tbe monument the partic
ipants and special guests will plant
a sprig of ivy brought from Steven
son's old home in Scotland; at 9
there will be a supper at a Bush
street cafe, one of Stevenson's
haunts, where a literary program
will be carried out. Among those
taking part will be: President and
Mrs. David Starr Jordan, Miss An
nie Ide, Mrs. Virgil Williams, Er
nest E. Raker, D. 1)., Mrs. Sanchez
of Berkeley, Professors V. L. Kel
logg and R. E. Allardice of Stan
ford, and Mrs. Stevenson.
