# Mystery and Intrigue Hold Campus in Grasp
## 
### 
A dark night with a quarter mooti
casting even darker shadows on the
streets and alleys. A solitary figure
slinks up in front of a dimly lighted
doorway, pauses a moment and then en
ters. Three seconds later another comes
from the opposite direction and goes
through the same procedure. Several
others come. What is it all about? Low
pitched voices are heard and then sounds
of bitter conflict. The door is flung
open and out comes a mob with a rushl
Another political boss has got his gang
organized for next week's elections.
A dark night with a quarter mooti
casting even darker shadows on the
streets and alleys. A solitary figure
slinks up in front of a dimly lighted
doorway, pauses a moment and then en
ters. Three seconds later another comes
from the opposite direction and goes
through the same procedure. Several
others come. What is it all about? Low
pitched voices are heard and then sounds
of bitter conflict. The door is flung
open and out comes a mob with a rushl
Another political boss has got his gang
organized for next week's elections.
A dark night with a quarter mooti
casting even darker shadows on the
streets and alleys. A solitary figure
slinks up in front of a dimly lighted
doorway, pauses a moment and then en
ters. Three seconds later another comes
from the opposite direction and goes
through the same procedure. Several
others come. What is it all about? Low
pitched voices are heard and then sounds
of bitter conflict. The door is flung
open and out comes a mob with a rushl
Another political boss has got his gang
organized for next week's elections.
A dark night with a quarter mooti
casting even darker shadows on the
streets and alleys. A solitary figure
slinks up in front of a dimly lighted
doorway, pauses a moment and then en
ters. Three seconds later another comes
from the opposite direction and goes
through the same procedure. Several
others come. What is it all about? Low
pitched voices are heard and then sounds
of bitter conflict. The door is flung
open and out comes a mob with a rushl
Another political boss has got his gang
organized for next week's elections.
A dark night with a quarter mooti
casting even darker shadows on the
streets and alleys. A solitary figure
slinks up in front of a dimly lighted
doorway, pauses a moment and then en
ters. Three seconds later another comes
from the opposite direction and goes
through the same procedure. Several
others come. What is it all about? Low
pitched voices are heard and then sounds
of bitter conflict. The door is flung
open and out comes a mob with a rushl
Another political boss has got his gang
organized for next week's elections.
A dark night with a quarter mooti
casting even darker shadows on the
streets and alleys. A solitary figure
slinks up in front of a dimly lighted
doorway, pauses a moment and then en
ters. Three seconds later another comes
from the opposite direction and goes
through the same procedure. Several
others come. What is it all about? Low
pitched voices are heard and then sounds
of bitter conflict. The door is flung
open and out comes a mob with a rushl
Another political boss has got his gang
organized for next week's elections.
A dark night with a quarter mooti
casting even darker shadows on the
streets and alleys. A solitary figure
slinks up in front of a dimly lighted
doorway, pauses a moment and then en
ters. Three seconds later another comes
from the opposite direction and goes
through the same procedure. Several
others come. What is it all about? Low
pitched voices are heard and then sounds
of bitter conflict. The door is flung
open and out comes a mob with a rushl
Another political boss has got his gang
organized for next week's elections.
A dark night with a quarter mooti
casting even darker shadows on the
streets and alleys. A solitary figure
slinks up in front of a dimly lighted
doorway, pauses a moment and then en
ters. Three seconds later another comes
from the opposite direction and goes
through the same procedure. Several
others come. What is it all about? Low
pitched voices are heard and then sounds
of bitter conflict. The door is flung
open and out comes a mob with a rushl
Another political boss has got his gang
organized for next week's elections.
A dark night with a quarter mooti
casting even darker shadows on the
streets and alleys. A solitary figure
slinks up in front of a dimly lighted
doorway, pauses a moment and then en
ters. Three seconds later another comes
from the opposite direction and goes
through the same procedure. Several
others come. What is it all about? Low
pitched voices are heard and then sounds
of bitter conflict. The door is flung
open and out comes a mob with a rushl
Another political boss has got his gang
organized for next week's elections.
A dark night with a quarter mooti
casting even darker shadows on the
streets and alleys. A solitary figure
slinks up in front of a dimly lighted
doorway, pauses a moment and then en
ters. Three seconds later another comes
from the opposite direction and goes
through the same procedure. Several
others come. What is it all about? Low
pitched voices are heard and then sounds
of bitter conflict. The door is flung
open and out comes a mob with a rushl
Another political boss has got his gang
organized for next week's elections.
A dark night with a quarter mooti
casting even darker shadows on the
streets and alleys. A solitary figure
slinks up in front of a dimly lighted
doorway, pauses a moment and then en
ters. Three seconds later another comes
from the opposite direction and goes
through the same procedure. Several
others come. What is it all about? Low
pitched voices are heard and then sounds
of bitter conflict. The door is flung
open and out comes a mob with a rushl
Another political boss has got his gang
organized for next week's elections.
A dark night with a quarter mooti
casting even darker shadows on the
streets and alleys. A solitary figure
slinks up in front of a dimly lighted
doorway, pauses a moment and then en
ters. Three seconds later another comes
from the opposite direction and goes
through the same procedure. Several
others come. What is it all about? Low
pitched voices are heard and then sounds
of bitter conflict. The door is flung
open and out comes a mob with a rushl
Another political boss has got his gang
organized for next week's elections.
A dark night with a quarter mooti
casting even darker shadows on the
streets and alleys. A solitary figure
slinks up in front of a dimly lighted
doorway, pauses a moment and then en
ters. Three seconds later another comes
from the opposite direction and goes
through the same procedure. Several
others come. What is it all about? Low
pitched voices are heard and then sounds
of bitter conflict. The door is flung
open and out comes a mob with a rushl
Another political boss has got his gang
organized for next week's elections.
A dark night with a quarter mooti
casting even darker shadows on the
streets and alleys. A solitary figure
slinks up in front of a dimly lighted
doorway, pauses a moment and then en
ters. Three seconds later another comes
from the opposite direction and goes
through the same procedure. Several
others come. What is it all about? Low
pitched voices are heard and then sounds
of bitter conflict. The door is flung
open and out comes a mob with a rushl
Another political boss has got his gang
organized for next week's elections.
A dark night with a quarter mooti
casting even darker shadows on the
streets and alleys. A solitary figure
slinks up in front of a dimly lighted
doorway, pauses a moment and then en
ters. Three seconds later another comes
from the opposite direction and goes
through the same procedure. Several
others come. What is it all about? Low
pitched voices are heard and then sounds
of bitter conflict. The door is flung
open and out comes a mob with a rushl
Another political boss has got his gang
organized for next week's elections.
