# Professor Gray To Take World Tour in Summer
## 
### 
The only member of the English :
department who has definite plans '
for a summer off the campus is
Professor Henry David Gray, who
will take a trip around the world
with his wife and daughter. They
have already departed, and he plans
to meet them in London. Profes
sor Gray will leave shortly after
school closes, not to be back until
January, 1936.
The only member of the English :
department who has definite plans '
for a summer off the campus is
Professor Henry David Gray, who
will take a trip around the world
with his wife and daughter. They
have already departed, and he plans
to meet them in London. Profes
sor Gray will leave shortly after
school closes, not to be back until
January, 1936.
The only member of the English :
department who has definite plans '
for a summer off the campus is
Professor Henry David Gray, who
will take a trip around the world
with his wife and daughter. They
have already departed, and he plans
to meet them in London. Profes
sor Gray will leave shortly after
school closes, not to be back until
January, 1936.
The only member of the English :
department who has definite plans '
for a summer off the campus is
Professor Henry David Gray, who
will take a trip around the world
with his wife and daughter. They
have already departed, and he plans
to meet them in London. Profes
sor Gray will leave shortly after
school closes, not to be back until
January, 1936.
The only member of the English :
department who has definite plans '
for a summer off the campus is
Professor Henry David Gray, who
will take a trip around the world
with his wife and daughter. They
have already departed, and he plans
to meet them in London. Profes
sor Gray will leave shortly after
school closes, not to be back until
January, 1936.
The only member of the English :
department who has definite plans '
for a summer off the campus is
Professor Henry David Gray, who
will take a trip around the world
with his wife and daughter. They
have already departed, and he plans
to meet them in London. Profes
sor Gray will leave shortly after
school closes, not to be back until
January, 1936.
The only member of the English :
department who has definite plans '
for a summer off the campus is
Professor Henry David Gray, who
will take a trip around the world
with his wife and daughter. They
have already departed, and he plans
to meet them in London. Profes
sor Gray will leave shortly after
school closes, not to be back until
January, 1936.
The only member of the English :
department who has definite plans '
for a summer off the campus is
Professor Henry David Gray, who
will take a trip around the world
with his wife and daughter. They
have already departed, and he plans
to meet them in London. Profes
sor Gray will leave shortly after
school closes, not to be back until
January, 1936.
The only member of the English :
department who has definite plans '
for a summer off the campus is
Professor Henry David Gray, who
will take a trip around the world
with his wife and daughter. They
have already departed, and he plans
to meet them in London. Profes
sor Gray will leave shortly after
school closes, not to be back until
January, 1936.
The only member of the English :
department who has definite plans '
for a summer off the campus is
Professor Henry David Gray, who
will take a trip around the world
with his wife and daughter. They
have already departed, and he plans
to meet them in London. Profes
sor Gray will leave shortly after
school closes, not to be back until
January, 1936.
The only member of the English :
department who has definite plans '
for a summer off the campus is
Professor Henry David Gray, who
will take a trip around the world
with his wife and daughter. They
have already departed, and he plans
to meet them in London. Profes
sor Gray will leave shortly after
school closes, not to be back until
January, 1936.
The only member of the English :
department who has definite plans '
for a summer off the campus is
Professor Henry David Gray, who
will take a trip around the world
with his wife and daughter. They
have already departed, and he plans
to meet them in London. Profes
sor Gray will leave shortly after
school closes, not to be back until
January, 1936.
The only member of the English :
department who has definite plans '
for a summer off the campus is
Professor Henry David Gray, who
will take a trip around the world
with his wife and daughter. They
have already departed, and he plans
to meet them in London. Profes
sor Gray will leave shortly after
school closes, not to be back until
January, 1936.
The only member of the English :
department who has definite plans '
for a summer off the campus is
Professor Henry David Gray, who
will take a trip around the world
with his wife and daughter. They
have already departed, and he plans
to meet them in London. Profes
sor Gray will leave shortly after
school closes, not to be back until
January, 1936.
The only member of the English :
department who has definite plans '
for a summer off the campus is
Professor Henry David Gray, who
will take a trip around the world
with his wife and daughter. They
have already departed, and he plans
to meet them in London. Profes
sor Gray will leave shortly after
school closes, not to be back until
January, 1936.
