# Roble To Entertain At Supper-Dance May 18
## 
### 
Duo to the success of their first
supper-dance, held several weeks
ago, Hoble Club is planning to sup
plant their usual spring quarter
joliy-ups with a second dance of
this sort, to be held Saturday, May
18, from 7 to 11 o'clock. Gordy
Heche's orchestra has been selected
to play for the affair.
Heads of the committees assisting
Nancy Pollock, general dance chair
man, are: Kay Bossinger, chape
rones; Virginia Smith, decorations;
Dulce Parker and Nancy Pollock,
orchestra; Joan Hemphill, refresh
ments; and Cynthia Coonley, clean
up.
Duo to the success of their first
supper-dance, held several weeks
ago, Hoble Club is planning to sup
plant their usual spring quarter
joliy-ups with a second dance of
this sort, to be held Saturday, May
18, from 7 to 11 o'clock. Gordy
Heche's orchestra has been selected
to play for the affair.
Heads of the committees assisting
Nancy Pollock, general dance chair
man, are: Kay Bossinger, chape
rones; Virginia Smith, decorations;
Dulce Parker and Nancy Pollock,
orchestra; Joan Hemphill, refresh
ments; and Cynthia Coonley, clean
up.
Duo to the success of their first
supper-dance, held several weeks
ago, Hoble Club is planning to sup
plant their usual spring quarter
joliy-ups with a second dance of
this sort, to be held Saturday, May
18, from 7 to 11 o'clock. Gordy
Heche's orchestra has been selected
to play for the affair.
Heads of the committees assisting
Nancy Pollock, general dance chair
man, are: Kay Bossinger, chape
rones; Virginia Smith, decorations;
Dulce Parker and Nancy Pollock,
orchestra; Joan Hemphill, refresh
ments; and Cynthia Coonley, clean
up.
Duo to the success of their first
supper-dance, held several weeks
ago, Hoble Club is planning to sup
plant their usual spring quarter
joliy-ups with a second dance of
this sort, to be held Saturday, May
18, from 7 to 11 o'clock. Gordy
Heche's orchestra has been selected
to play for the affair.
Heads of the committees assisting
Nancy Pollock, general dance chair
man, are: Kay Bossinger, chape
rones; Virginia Smith, decorations;
Dulce Parker and Nancy Pollock,
orchestra; Joan Hemphill, refresh
ments; and Cynthia Coonley, clean
up.
Duo to the success of their first
supper-dance, held several weeks
ago, Hoble Club is planning to sup
plant their usual spring quarter
joliy-ups with a second dance of
this sort, to be held Saturday, May
18, from 7 to 11 o'clock. Gordy
Heche's orchestra has been selected
to play for the affair.
Heads of the committees assisting
Nancy Pollock, general dance chair
man, are: Kay Bossinger, chape
rones; Virginia Smith, decorations;
Dulce Parker and Nancy Pollock,
orchestra; Joan Hemphill, refresh
ments; and Cynthia Coonley, clean
up.
Duo to the success of their first
supper-dance, held several weeks
ago, Hoble Club is planning to sup
plant their usual spring quarter
joliy-ups with a second dance of
this sort, to be held Saturday, May
18, from 7 to 11 o'clock. Gordy
Heche's orchestra has been selected
to play for the affair.
Heads of the committees assisting
Nancy Pollock, general dance chair
man, are: Kay Bossinger, chape
rones; Virginia Smith, decorations;
Dulce Parker and Nancy Pollock,
orchestra; Joan Hemphill, refresh
ments; and Cynthia Coonley, clean
up.
Duo to the success of their first
supper-dance, held several weeks
ago, Hoble Club is planning to sup
plant their usual spring quarter
joliy-ups with a second dance of
this sort, to be held Saturday, May
18, from 7 to 11 o'clock. Gordy
Heche's orchestra has been selected
to play for the affair.
Heads of the committees assisting
Nancy Pollock, general dance chair
man, are: Kay Bossinger, chape
rones; Virginia Smith, decorations;
Dulce Parker and Nancy Pollock,
orchestra; Joan Hemphill, refresh
ments; and Cynthia Coonley, clean
up.
Duo to the success of their first
supper-dance, held several weeks
ago, Hoble Club is planning to sup
plant their usual spring quarter
joliy-ups with a second dance of
this sort, to be held Saturday, May
18, from 7 to 11 o'clock. Gordy
Heche's orchestra has been selected
to play for the affair.
Heads of the committees assisting
Nancy Pollock, general dance chair
man, are: Kay Bossinger, chape
rones; Virginia Smith, decorations;
Dulce Parker and Nancy Pollock,
orchestra; Joan Hemphill, refresh
ments; and Cynthia Coonley, clean
up.
Duo to the success of their first
supper-dance, held several weeks
ago, Hoble Club is planning to sup
plant their usual spring quarter
joliy-ups with a second dance of
this sort, to be held Saturday, May
18, from 7 to 11 o'clock. Gordy
Heche's orchestra has been selected
to play for the affair.
Heads of the committees assisting
Nancy Pollock, general dance chair
man, are: Kay Bossinger, chape
rones; Virginia Smith, decorations;
Dulce Parker and Nancy Pollock,
orchestra; Joan Hemphill, refresh
ments; and Cynthia Coonley, clean
up.
Duo to the success of their first
supper-dance, held several weeks
ago, Hoble Club is planning to sup
plant their usual spring quarter
joliy-ups with a second dance of
this sort, to be held Saturday, May
18, from 7 to 11 o'clock. Gordy
Heche's orchestra has been selected
to play for the affair.
Heads of the committees assisting
Nancy Pollock, general dance chair
man, are: Kay Bossinger, chape
rones; Virginia Smith, decorations;
Dulce Parker and Nancy Pollock,
orchestra; Joan Hemphill, refresh
ments; and Cynthia Coonley, clean
up.
Duo to the success of their first
supper-dance, held several weeks
ago, Hoble Club is planning to sup
plant their usual spring quarter
joliy-ups with a second dance of
this sort, to be held Saturday, May
18, from 7 to 11 o'clock. Gordy
Heche's orchestra has been selected
to play for the affair.
Heads of the committees assisting
Nancy Pollock, general dance chair
man, are: Kay Bossinger, chape
rones; Virginia Smith, decorations;
Dulce Parker and Nancy Pollock,
orchestra; Joan Hemphill, refresh
ments; and Cynthia Coonley, clean
up.
Duo to the success of their first
supper-dance, held several weeks
ago, Hoble Club is planning to sup
plant their usual spring quarter
joliy-ups with a second dance of
this sort, to be held Saturday, May
18, from 7 to 11 o'clock. Gordy
Heche's orchestra has been selected
to play for the affair.
Heads of the committees assisting
Nancy Pollock, general dance chair
man, are: Kay Bossinger, chape
rones; Virginia Smith, decorations;
Dulce Parker and Nancy Pollock,
orchestra; Joan Hemphill, refresh
ments; and Cynthia Coonley, clean
up.
Duo to the success of their first
supper-dance, held several weeks
ago, Hoble Club is planning to sup
plant their usual spring quarter
joliy-ups with a second dance of
this sort, to be held Saturday, May
18, from 7 to 11 o'clock. Gordy
Heche's orchestra has been selected
to play for the affair.
Heads of the committees assisting
Nancy Pollock, general dance chair
man, are: Kay Bossinger, chape
rones; Virginia Smith, decorations;
Dulce Parker and Nancy Pollock,
orchestra; Joan Hemphill, refresh
ments; and Cynthia Coonley, clean
up.
Duo to the success of their first
supper-dance, held several weeks
ago, Hoble Club is planning to sup
plant their usual spring quarter
joliy-ups with a second dance of
this sort, to be held Saturday, May
18, from 7 to 11 o'clock. Gordy
Heche's orchestra has been selected
to play for the affair.
Heads of the committees assisting
Nancy Pollock, general dance chair
man, are: Kay Bossinger, chape
rones; Virginia Smith, decorations;
Dulce Parker and Nancy Pollock,
orchestra; Joan Hemphill, refresh
ments; and Cynthia Coonley, clean
up.
Duo to the success of their first
supper-dance, held several weeks
ago, Hoble Club is planning to sup
plant their usual spring quarter
joliy-ups with a second dance of
this sort, to be held Saturday, May
18, from 7 to 11 o'clock. Gordy
Heche's orchestra has been selected
to play for the affair.
Heads of the committees assisting
Nancy Pollock, general dance chair
man, are: Kay Bossinger, chape
rones; Virginia Smith, decorations;
Dulce Parker and Nancy Pollock,
orchestra; Joan Hemphill, refresh
ments; and Cynthia Coonley, clean
up.
