# Reels Of Modern German Scenes Will Be Presented
## 
### 
Six reels of pictures of modern Ger
many will be shown under the auspi
, ces of the German Club at 7:30 to
night in the Little Theatre. The pic
lures were loaned to the German De
piirtment and admission will be free
They include travel scenes of the im
portant cities and scenic landscape
of Germany, and of individuals well
known in public life. Many of tin
pictures were taken from the air. and
I in the opinion of Professor Willian
A. Cooper of the German Department
those of Berlin are particularly fine
The titles of the pictures are in Eng
Hall.
Six reels of pictures of modern Ger
many will be shown under the auspi
, ces of the German Club at 7:30 to
night in the Little Theatre. The pic
lures were loaned to the German De
piirtment and admission will be free
They include travel scenes of the im
portant cities and scenic landscape
of Germany, and of individuals well
known in public life. Many of tin
pictures were taken from the air. and
I in the opinion of Professor Willian
A. Cooper of the German Department
those of Berlin are particularly fine
The titles of the pictures are in Eng
Hall.
Six reels of pictures of modern Ger
many will be shown under the auspi
, ces of the German Club at 7:30 to
night in the Little Theatre. The pic
lures were loaned to the German De
piirtment and admission will be free
They include travel scenes of the im
portant cities and scenic landscape
of Germany, and of individuals well
known in public life. Many of tin
pictures were taken from the air. and
I in the opinion of Professor Willian
A. Cooper of the German Department
those of Berlin are particularly fine
The titles of the pictures are in Eng
Hall.
Six reels of pictures of modern Ger
many will be shown under the auspi
, ces of the German Club at 7:30 to
night in the Little Theatre. The pic
lures were loaned to the German De
piirtment and admission will be free
They include travel scenes of the im
portant cities and scenic landscape
of Germany, and of individuals well
known in public life. Many of tin
pictures were taken from the air. and
I in the opinion of Professor Willian
A. Cooper of the German Department
those of Berlin are particularly fine
The titles of the pictures are in Eng
Hall.
Six reels of pictures of modern Ger
many will be shown under the auspi
, ces of the German Club at 7:30 to
night in the Little Theatre. The pic
lures were loaned to the German De
piirtment and admission will be free
They include travel scenes of the im
portant cities and scenic landscape
of Germany, and of individuals well
known in public life. Many of tin
pictures were taken from the air. and
I in the opinion of Professor Willian
A. Cooper of the German Department
those of Berlin are particularly fine
The titles of the pictures are in Eng
Hall.
Six reels of pictures of modern Ger
many will be shown under the auspi
, ces of the German Club at 7:30 to
night in the Little Theatre. The pic
lures were loaned to the German De
piirtment and admission will be free
They include travel scenes of the im
portant cities and scenic landscape
of Germany, and of individuals well
known in public life. Many of tin
pictures were taken from the air. and
I in the opinion of Professor Willian
A. Cooper of the German Department
those of Berlin are particularly fine
The titles of the pictures are in Eng
Hall.
Six reels of pictures of modern Ger
many will be shown under the auspi
, ces of the German Club at 7:30 to
night in the Little Theatre. The pic
lures were loaned to the German De
piirtment and admission will be free
They include travel scenes of the im
portant cities and scenic landscape
of Germany, and of individuals well
known in public life. Many of tin
pictures were taken from the air. and
I in the opinion of Professor Willian
A. Cooper of the German Department
those of Berlin are particularly fine
The titles of the pictures are in Eng
Hall.
Six reels of pictures of modern Ger
many will be shown under the auspi
, ces of the German Club at 7:30 to
night in the Little Theatre. The pic
lures were loaned to the German De
piirtment and admission will be free
They include travel scenes of the im
portant cities and scenic landscape
of Germany, and of individuals well
known in public life. Many of tin
pictures were taken from the air. and
I in the opinion of Professor Willian
A. Cooper of the German Department
those of Berlin are particularly fine
The titles of the pictures are in Eng
Hall.
Six reels of pictures of modern Ger
many will be shown under the auspi
, ces of the German Club at 7:30 to
night in the Little Theatre. The pic
lures were loaned to the German De
piirtment and admission will be free
They include travel scenes of the im
portant cities and scenic landscape
of Germany, and of individuals well
known in public life. Many of tin
pictures were taken from the air. and
I in the opinion of Professor Willian
A. Cooper of the German Department
those of Berlin are particularly fine
The titles of the pictures are in Eng
Hall.
Six reels of pictures of modern Ger
many will be shown under the auspi
, ces of the German Club at 7:30 to
night in the Little Theatre. The pic
lures were loaned to the German De
piirtment and admission will be free
They include travel scenes of the im
portant cities and scenic landscape
of Germany, and of individuals well
known in public life. Many of tin
pictures were taken from the air. and
I in the opinion of Professor Willian
A. Cooper of the German Department
those of Berlin are particularly fine
The titles of the pictures are in Eng
Hall.
Six reels of pictures of modern Ger
many will be shown under the auspi
, ces of the German Club at 7:30 to
night in the Little Theatre. The pic
lures were loaned to the German De
piirtment and admission will be free
They include travel scenes of the im
portant cities and scenic landscape
of Germany, and of individuals well
known in public life. Many of tin
pictures were taken from the air. and
I in the opinion of Professor Willian
A. Cooper of the German Department
those of Berlin are particularly fine
The titles of the pictures are in Eng
Hall.
Six reels of pictures of modern Ger
many will be shown under the auspi
, ces of the German Club at 7:30 to
night in the Little Theatre. The pic
lures were loaned to the German De
piirtment and admission will be free
They include travel scenes of the im
portant cities and scenic landscape
of Germany, and of individuals well
known in public life. Many of tin
pictures were taken from the air. and
I in the opinion of Professor Willian
A. Cooper of the German Department
those of Berlin are particularly fine
The titles of the pictures are in Eng
Hall.
Six reels of pictures of modern Ger
many will be shown under the auspi
, ces of the German Club at 7:30 to
night in the Little Theatre. The pic
lures were loaned to the German De
piirtment and admission will be free
They include travel scenes of the im
portant cities and scenic landscape
of Germany, and of individuals well
known in public life. Many of tin
pictures were taken from the air. and
I in the opinion of Professor Willian
A. Cooper of the German Department
those of Berlin are particularly fine
The titles of the pictures are in Eng
Hall.
Six reels of pictures of modern Ger
many will be shown under the auspi
, ces of the German Club at 7:30 to
night in the Little Theatre. The pic
lures were loaned to the German De
piirtment and admission will be free
They include travel scenes of the im
portant cities and scenic landscape
of Germany, and of individuals well
known in public life. Many of tin
pictures were taken from the air. and
I in the opinion of Professor Willian
A. Cooper of the German Department
those of Berlin are particularly fine
The titles of the pictures are in Eng
Hall.
Six reels of pictures of modern Ger
many will be shown under the auspi
, ces of the German Club at 7:30 to
night in the Little Theatre. The pic
lures were loaned to the German De
piirtment and admission will be free
They include travel scenes of the im
portant cities and scenic landscape
of Germany, and of individuals well
known in public life. Many of tin
pictures were taken from the air. and
I in the opinion of Professor Willian
A. Cooper of the German Department
those of Berlin are particularly fine
The titles of the pictures are in Eng
Hall.
Six reels of pictures of modern Ger
many will be shown under the auspi
, ces of the German Club at 7:30 to
night in the Little Theatre. The pic
lures were loaned to the German De
piirtment and admission will be free
They include travel scenes of the im
portant cities and scenic landscape
of Germany, and of individuals well
known in public life. Many of tin
pictures were taken from the air. and
I in the opinion of Professor Willian
A. Cooper of the German Department
those of Berlin are particularly fine
The titles of the pictures are in Eng
Hall.
Six reels of pictures of modern Ger
many will be shown under the auspi
, ces of the German Club at 7:30 to
night in the Little Theatre. The pic
lures were loaned to the German De
piirtment and admission will be free
They include travel scenes of the im
portant cities and scenic landscape
of Germany, and of individuals well
known in public life. Many of tin
pictures were taken from the air. and
I in the opinion of Professor Willian
A. Cooper of the German Department
those of Berlin are particularly fine
The titles of the pictures are in Eng
Hall.
