# SHORTENING RATION FREE
## 
### 
Shortening and rationed salad and
cooking oils are now point free, the
Office of Price Administration an
nounces, but butter and margarine
are not affected. For over a year—
since March 29 of last year—house
wives and other users have been
surrendering points in the purchase
of these items.
Shortening and rationed salad and
cooking oils are now point free, the
Office of Price Administration an
nounces, but butter and margarine
are not affected. For over a year—
since March 29 of last year—house
wives and other users have been
surrendering points in the purchase
of these items.
Shortening and rationed salad and
cooking oils are now point free, the
Office of Price Administration an
nounces, but butter and margarine
are not affected. For over a year—
since March 29 of last year—house
wives and other users have been
surrendering points in the purchase
of these items.
Shortening and rationed salad and
cooking oils are now point free, the
Office of Price Administration an
nounces, but butter and margarine
are not affected. For over a year—
since March 29 of last year—house
wives and other users have been
surrendering points in the purchase
of these items.
Shortening and rationed salad and
cooking oils are now point free, the
Office of Price Administration an
nounces, but butter and margarine
are not affected. For over a year—
since March 29 of last year—house
wives and other users have been
surrendering points in the purchase
of these items.
Shortening and rationed salad and
cooking oils are now point free, the
Office of Price Administration an
nounces, but butter and margarine
are not affected. For over a year—
since March 29 of last year—house
wives and other users have been
surrendering points in the purchase
of these items.
Shortening and rationed salad and
cooking oils are now point free, the
Office of Price Administration an
nounces, but butter and margarine
are not affected. For over a year—
since March 29 of last year—house
wives and other users have been
surrendering points in the purchase
of these items.
Shortening and rationed salad and
cooking oils are now point free, the
Office of Price Administration an
nounces, but butter and margarine
are not affected. For over a year—
since March 29 of last year—house
wives and other users have been
surrendering points in the purchase
of these items.
Shortening and rationed salad and
cooking oils are now point free, the
Office of Price Administration an
nounces, but butter and margarine
are not affected. For over a year—
since March 29 of last year—house
wives and other users have been
surrendering points in the purchase
of these items.
Shortening and rationed salad and
cooking oils are now point free, the
Office of Price Administration an
nounces, but butter and margarine
are not affected. For over a year—
since March 29 of last year—house
wives and other users have been
surrendering points in the purchase
of these items.
Shortening and rationed salad and
cooking oils are now point free, the
Office of Price Administration an
nounces, but butter and margarine
are not affected. For over a year—
since March 29 of last year—house
wives and other users have been
surrendering points in the purchase
of these items.
Shortening and rationed salad and
cooking oils are now point free, the
Office of Price Administration an
nounces, but butter and margarine
are not affected. For over a year—
since March 29 of last year—house
wives and other users have been
surrendering points in the purchase
of these items.
Shortening and rationed salad and
cooking oils are now point free, the
Office of Price Administration an
nounces, but butter and margarine
are not affected. For over a year—
since March 29 of last year—house
wives and other users have been
surrendering points in the purchase
of these items.
Shortening and rationed salad and
cooking oils are now point free, the
Office of Price Administration an
nounces, but butter and margarine
are not affected. For over a year—
since March 29 of last year—house
wives and other users have been
surrendering points in the purchase
of these items.
Shortening and rationed salad and
cooking oils are now point free, the
Office of Price Administration an
nounces, but butter and margarine
are not affected. For over a year—
since March 29 of last year—house
wives and other users have been
surrendering points in the purchase
of these items.
