# Campbell,- Evans To Give Research Club Speeches
## 
### 
Douglas H. Campbell, professor of
botany, emeritus, and Matthew B.
Evans, instructor in history, will be
the speakers at the meeting of the
Research Club at 8 o'clock this eve
ning in the Men's Faculty Clubhouse.
Dr. Campbell's subject will be
"Continental Drift and Plant Dis
tribution" and Dr. Evans will speak
on the "End of the Eighteenth-Cen
tury Political System in England."
Douglas H. Campbell, professor of
botany, emeritus, and Matthew B.
Evans, instructor in history, will be
the speakers at the meeting of the
Research Club at 8 o'clock this eve
ning in the Men's Faculty Clubhouse.
Dr. Campbell's subject will be
"Continental Drift and Plant Dis
tribution" and Dr. Evans will speak
on the "End of the Eighteenth-Cen
tury Political System in England."
Douglas H. Campbell, professor of
botany, emeritus, and Matthew B.
Evans, instructor in history, will be
the speakers at the meeting of the
Research Club at 8 o'clock this eve
ning in the Men's Faculty Clubhouse.
Dr. Campbell's subject will be
"Continental Drift and Plant Dis
tribution" and Dr. Evans will speak
on the "End of the Eighteenth-Cen
tury Political System in England."
Douglas H. Campbell, professor of
botany, emeritus, and Matthew B.
Evans, instructor in history, will be
the speakers at the meeting of the
Research Club at 8 o'clock this eve
ning in the Men's Faculty Clubhouse.
Dr. Campbell's subject will be
"Continental Drift and Plant Dis
tribution" and Dr. Evans will speak
on the "End of the Eighteenth-Cen
tury Political System in England."
Douglas H. Campbell, professor of
botany, emeritus, and Matthew B.
Evans, instructor in history, will be
the speakers at the meeting of the
Research Club at 8 o'clock this eve
ning in the Men's Faculty Clubhouse.
Dr. Campbell's subject will be
"Continental Drift and Plant Dis
tribution" and Dr. Evans will speak
on the "End of the Eighteenth-Cen
tury Political System in England."
Douglas H. Campbell, professor of
botany, emeritus, and Matthew B.
Evans, instructor in history, will be
the speakers at the meeting of the
Research Club at 8 o'clock this eve
ning in the Men's Faculty Clubhouse.
Dr. Campbell's subject will be
"Continental Drift and Plant Dis
tribution" and Dr. Evans will speak
on the "End of the Eighteenth-Cen
tury Political System in England."
Douglas H. Campbell, professor of
botany, emeritus, and Matthew B.
Evans, instructor in history, will be
the speakers at the meeting of the
Research Club at 8 o'clock this eve
ning in the Men's Faculty Clubhouse.
Dr. Campbell's subject will be
"Continental Drift and Plant Dis
tribution" and Dr. Evans will speak
on the "End of the Eighteenth-Cen
tury Political System in England."
Douglas H. Campbell, professor of
botany, emeritus, and Matthew B.
Evans, instructor in history, will be
the speakers at the meeting of the
Research Club at 8 o'clock this eve
ning in the Men's Faculty Clubhouse.
Dr. Campbell's subject will be
"Continental Drift and Plant Dis
tribution" and Dr. Evans will speak
on the "End of the Eighteenth-Cen
tury Political System in England."
Douglas H. Campbell, professor of
botany, emeritus, and Matthew B.
Evans, instructor in history, will be
the speakers at the meeting of the
Research Club at 8 o'clock this eve
ning in the Men's Faculty Clubhouse.
Dr. Campbell's subject will be
"Continental Drift and Plant Dis
tribution" and Dr. Evans will speak
on the "End of the Eighteenth-Cen
tury Political System in England."
Douglas H. Campbell, professor of
botany, emeritus, and Matthew B.
Evans, instructor in history, will be
the speakers at the meeting of the
Research Club at 8 o'clock this eve
ning in the Men's Faculty Clubhouse.
Dr. Campbell's subject will be
"Continental Drift and Plant Dis
tribution" and Dr. Evans will speak
on the "End of the Eighteenth-Cen
tury Political System in England."
Douglas H. Campbell, professor of
botany, emeritus, and Matthew B.
Evans, instructor in history, will be
the speakers at the meeting of the
Research Club at 8 o'clock this eve
ning in the Men's Faculty Clubhouse.
Dr. Campbell's subject will be
"Continental Drift and Plant Dis
tribution" and Dr. Evans will speak
on the "End of the Eighteenth-Cen
tury Political System in England."
Douglas H. Campbell, professor of
botany, emeritus, and Matthew B.
Evans, instructor in history, will be
the speakers at the meeting of the
Research Club at 8 o'clock this eve
ning in the Men's Faculty Clubhouse.
Dr. Campbell's subject will be
"Continental Drift and Plant Dis
tribution" and Dr. Evans will speak
on the "End of the Eighteenth-Cen
tury Political System in England."
Douglas H. Campbell, professor of
botany, emeritus, and Matthew B.
Evans, instructor in history, will be
the speakers at the meeting of the
Research Club at 8 o'clock this eve
ning in the Men's Faculty Clubhouse.
Dr. Campbell's subject will be
"Continental Drift and Plant Dis
tribution" and Dr. Evans will speak
on the "End of the Eighteenth-Cen
tury Political System in England."
Douglas H. Campbell, professor of
botany, emeritus, and Matthew B.
Evans, instructor in history, will be
the speakers at the meeting of the
Research Club at 8 o'clock this eve
ning in the Men's Faculty Clubhouse.
Dr. Campbell's subject will be
"Continental Drift and Plant Dis
tribution" and Dr. Evans will speak
on the "End of the Eighteenth-Cen
tury Political System in England."
Douglas H. Campbell, professor of
botany, emeritus, and Matthew B.
Evans, instructor in history, will be
the speakers at the meeting of the
Research Club at 8 o'clock this eve
ning in the Men's Faculty Clubhouse.
Dr. Campbell's subject will be
"Continental Drift and Plant Dis
tribution" and Dr. Evans will speak
on the "End of the Eighteenth-Cen
tury Political System in England."
