# Adv. 12 Page 3
## 
### 
Letters 1o the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
Letters 1o the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
Letters 1o the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
Letters 1o the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
Letters 1o the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
Letters 1o the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
Letters 1o the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
Letters 1o the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
Letters 1o the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
Letters 1o the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
Letters 1o the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
Letters 1o the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
Letters 1o the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
Letters 1o the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
Letters 1o the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
Letters 1o the editor must be
signed, include address and phone
number, and cannot exceed 250
words.
