# Untitled Article
## 
### 

"ON YOUR MARK . . Stanford swimming captain John
Jurgensen gets ready for Saturday's meet with the Frosh
and Santa Clara Swim Club here on the Farm.

"ON YOUR MARK . . Stanford swimming captain John
Jurgensen gets ready for Saturday's meet with the Frosh
and Santa Clara Swim Club here on the Farm.

"ON YOUR MARK . . Stanford swimming captain John
Jurgensen gets ready for Saturday's meet with the Frosh
and Santa Clara Swim Club here on the Farm.

"ON YOUR MARK . . Stanford swimming captain John
Jurgensen gets ready for Saturday's meet with the Frosh
and Santa Clara Swim Club here on the Farm.

"ON YOUR MARK . . Stanford swimming captain John
Jurgensen gets ready for Saturday's meet with the Frosh
and Santa Clara Swim Club here on the Farm.

"ON YOUR MARK . . Stanford swimming captain John
Jurgensen gets ready for Saturday's meet with the Frosh
and Santa Clara Swim Club here on the Farm.

"ON YOUR MARK . . Stanford swimming captain John
Jurgensen gets ready for Saturday's meet with the Frosh
and Santa Clara Swim Club here on the Farm.

"ON YOUR MARK . . Stanford swimming captain John
Jurgensen gets ready for Saturday's meet with the Frosh
and Santa Clara Swim Club here on the Farm.

"ON YOUR MARK . . Stanford swimming captain John
Jurgensen gets ready for Saturday's meet with the Frosh
and Santa Clara Swim Club here on the Farm.

"ON YOUR MARK . . Stanford swimming captain John
Jurgensen gets ready for Saturday's meet with the Frosh
and Santa Clara Swim Club here on the Farm.

"ON YOUR MARK . . Stanford swimming captain John
Jurgensen gets ready for Saturday's meet with the Frosh
and Santa Clara Swim Club here on the Farm.

"ON YOUR MARK . . Stanford swimming captain John
Jurgensen gets ready for Saturday's meet with the Frosh
and Santa Clara Swim Club here on the Farm.

"ON YOUR MARK . . Stanford swimming captain John
Jurgensen gets ready for Saturday's meet with the Frosh
and Santa Clara Swim Club here on the Farm.

"ON YOUR MARK . . Stanford swimming captain John
Jurgensen gets ready for Saturday's meet with the Frosh
and Santa Clara Swim Club here on the Farm.

"ON YOUR MARK . . Stanford swimming captain John
Jurgensen gets ready for Saturday's meet with the Frosh
and Santa Clara Swim Club here on the Farm.

"ON YOUR MARK . . Stanford swimming captain John
Jurgensen gets ready for Saturday's meet with the Frosh
and Santa Clara Swim Club here on the Farm.
