# Investing Tips Subject of Talk
## 
### 
"Why Invest and How to
Succeed" will be the subject
of an illustrated talk at 4
o'clock this afternoon in Bow
man Alumni House given by
Allen Tait, Assistant Director
of Palo Alto Research, na
tionally known investment
counseling organization.
Tait will emphasize "the
three keys to investment suc
cess" in his talk. He is a
graduate of MIT and the
Stanford Business School and
has served as a securities
analyst with Dean Witter and
investment councelor with
Biundage Story & Rose of
New York.
Tait's talk is the first of a
series planned by the Stan
ford Investment Club for all
students interested in learn
ing about the stock market
and successful investing.
"Why Invest and How to
Succeed" will be the subject
of an illustrated talk at 4
o'clock this afternoon in Bow
man Alumni House given by
Allen Tait, Assistant Director
of Palo Alto Research, na
tionally known investment
counseling organization.
Tait will emphasize "the
three keys to investment suc
cess" in his talk. He is a
graduate of MIT and the
Stanford Business School and
has served as a securities
analyst with Dean Witter and
investment councelor with
Biundage Story & Rose of
New York.
Tait's talk is the first of a
series planned by the Stan
ford Investment Club for all
students interested in learn
ing about the stock market
and successful investing.
"Why Invest and How to
Succeed" will be the subject
of an illustrated talk at 4
o'clock this afternoon in Bow
man Alumni House given by
Allen Tait, Assistant Director
of Palo Alto Research, na
tionally known investment
counseling organization.
Tait will emphasize "the
three keys to investment suc
cess" in his talk. He is a
graduate of MIT and the
Stanford Business School and
has served as a securities
analyst with Dean Witter and
investment councelor with
Biundage Story & Rose of
New York.
Tait's talk is the first of a
series planned by the Stan
ford Investment Club for all
students interested in learn
ing about the stock market
and successful investing.
"Why Invest and How to
Succeed" will be the subject
of an illustrated talk at 4
o'clock this afternoon in Bow
man Alumni House given by
Allen Tait, Assistant Director
of Palo Alto Research, na
tionally known investment
counseling organization.
Tait will emphasize "the
three keys to investment suc
cess" in his talk. He is a
graduate of MIT and the
Stanford Business School and
has served as a securities
analyst with Dean Witter and
investment councelor with
Biundage Story & Rose of
New York.
Tait's talk is the first of a
series planned by the Stan
ford Investment Club for all
students interested in learn
ing about the stock market
and successful investing.
"Why Invest and How to
Succeed" will be the subject
of an illustrated talk at 4
o'clock this afternoon in Bow
man Alumni House given by
Allen Tait, Assistant Director
of Palo Alto Research, na
tionally known investment
counseling organization.
Tait will emphasize "the
three keys to investment suc
cess" in his talk. He is a
graduate of MIT and the
Stanford Business School and
has served as a securities
analyst with Dean Witter and
investment councelor with
Biundage Story & Rose of
New York.
Tait's talk is the first of a
series planned by the Stan
ford Investment Club for all
students interested in learn
ing about the stock market
and successful investing.
"Why Invest and How to
Succeed" will be the subject
of an illustrated talk at 4
o'clock this afternoon in Bow
man Alumni House given by
Allen Tait, Assistant Director
of Palo Alto Research, na
tionally known investment
counseling organization.
Tait will emphasize "the
three keys to investment suc
cess" in his talk. He is a
graduate of MIT and the
Stanford Business School and
has served as a securities
analyst with Dean Witter and
investment councelor with
Biundage Story & Rose of
New York.
Tait's talk is the first of a
series planned by the Stan
ford Investment Club for all
students interested in learn
ing about the stock market
and successful investing.
"Why Invest and How to
Succeed" will be the subject
of an illustrated talk at 4
o'clock this afternoon in Bow
man Alumni House given by
Allen Tait, Assistant Director
of Palo Alto Research, na
tionally known investment
counseling organization.
Tait will emphasize "the
three keys to investment suc
cess" in his talk. He is a
graduate of MIT and the
Stanford Business School and
has served as a securities
analyst with Dean Witter and
investment councelor with
Biundage Story & Rose of
New York.
Tait's talk is the first of a
series planned by the Stan
ford Investment Club for all
students interested in learn
ing about the stock market
and successful investing.
"Why Invest and How to
Succeed" will be the subject
of an illustrated talk at 4
o'clock this afternoon in Bow
man Alumni House given by
Allen Tait, Assistant Director
of Palo Alto Research, na
tionally known investment
counseling organization.
Tait will emphasize "the
three keys to investment suc
cess" in his talk. He is a
graduate of MIT and the
Stanford Business School and
has served as a securities
analyst with Dean Witter and
investment councelor with
Biundage Story & Rose of
New York.
Tait's talk is the first of a
series planned by the Stan
ford Investment Club for all
students interested in learn
ing about the stock market
and successful investing.
"Why Invest and How to
Succeed" will be the subject
of an illustrated talk at 4
o'clock this afternoon in Bow
man Alumni House given by
Allen Tait, Assistant Director
of Palo Alto Research, na
tionally known investment
counseling organization.
Tait will emphasize "the
three keys to investment suc
cess" in his talk. He is a
graduate of MIT and the
Stanford Business School and
has served as a securities
analyst with Dean Witter and
investment councelor with
Biundage Story & Rose of
New York.
Tait's talk is the first of a
series planned by the Stan
ford Investment Club for all
students interested in learn
ing about the stock market
and successful investing.
"Why Invest and How to
Succeed" will be the subject
of an illustrated talk at 4
o'clock this afternoon in Bow
man Alumni House given by
Allen Tait, Assistant Director
of Palo Alto Research, na
tionally known investment
counseling organization.
Tait will emphasize "the
three keys to investment suc
cess" in his talk. He is a
graduate of MIT and the
Stanford Business School and
has served as a securities
analyst with Dean Witter and
investment councelor with
Biundage Story & Rose of
New York.
Tait's talk is the first of a
series planned by the Stan
ford Investment Club for all
students interested in learn
ing about the stock market
and successful investing.
"Why Invest and How to
Succeed" will be the subject
of an illustrated talk at 4
o'clock this afternoon in Bow
man Alumni House given by
Allen Tait, Assistant Director
of Palo Alto Research, na
tionally known investment
counseling organization.
Tait will emphasize "the
three keys to investment suc
cess" in his talk. He is a
graduate of MIT and the
Stanford Business School and
has served as a securities
analyst with Dean Witter and
investment councelor with
Biundage Story & Rose of
New York.
Tait's talk is the first of a
series planned by the Stan
ford Investment Club for all
students interested in learn
ing about the stock market
and successful investing.
"Why Invest and How to
Succeed" will be the subject
of an illustrated talk at 4
o'clock this afternoon in Bow
man Alumni House given by
Allen Tait, Assistant Director
of Palo Alto Research, na
tionally known investment
counseling organization.
Tait will emphasize "the
three keys to investment suc
cess" in his talk. He is a
graduate of MIT and the
Stanford Business School and
has served as a securities
analyst with Dean Witter and
investment councelor with
Biundage Story & Rose of
New York.
Tait's talk is the first of a
series planned by the Stan
ford Investment Club for all
students interested in learn
ing about the stock market
and successful investing.
"Why Invest and How to
Succeed" will be the subject
of an illustrated talk at 4
o'clock this afternoon in Bow
man Alumni House given by
Allen Tait, Assistant Director
of Palo Alto Research, na
tionally known investment
counseling organization.
Tait will emphasize "the
three keys to investment suc
cess" in his talk. He is a
graduate of MIT and the
Stanford Business School and
has served as a securities
analyst with Dean Witter and
investment councelor with
Biundage Story & Rose of
New York.
Tait's talk is the first of a
series planned by the Stan
ford Investment Club for all
students interested in learn
ing about the stock market
and successful investing.
"Why Invest and How to
Succeed" will be the subject
of an illustrated talk at 4
o'clock this afternoon in Bow
man Alumni House given by
Allen Tait, Assistant Director
of Palo Alto Research, na
tionally known investment
counseling organization.
Tait will emphasize "the
three keys to investment suc
cess" in his talk. He is a
graduate of MIT and the
Stanford Business School and
has served as a securities
analyst with Dean Witter and
investment councelor with
Biundage Story & Rose of
New York.
Tait's talk is the first of a
series planned by the Stan
ford Investment Club for all
students interested in learn
ing about the stock market
and successful investing.
"Why Invest and How to
Succeed" will be the subject
of an illustrated talk at 4
o'clock this afternoon in Bow
man Alumni House given by
Allen Tait, Assistant Director
of Palo Alto Research, na
tionally known investment
counseling organization.
Tait will emphasize "the
three keys to investment suc
cess" in his talk. He is a
graduate of MIT and the
Stanford Business School and
has served as a securities
analyst with Dean Witter and
investment councelor with
Biundage Story & Rose of
New York.
Tait's talk is the first of a
series planned by the Stan
ford Investment Club for all
students interested in learn
ing about the stock market
and successful investing.
"Why Invest and How to
Succeed" will be the subject
of an illustrated talk at 4
o'clock this afternoon in Bow
man Alumni House given by
Allen Tait, Assistant Director
of Palo Alto Research, na
tionally known investment
counseling organization.
Tait will emphasize "the
three keys to investment suc
cess" in his talk. He is a
graduate of MIT and the
Stanford Business School and
has served as a securities
analyst with Dean Witter and
investment councelor with
Biundage Story & Rose of
New York.
Tait's talk is the first of a
series planned by the Stan
ford Investment Club for all
students interested in learn
ing about the stock market
and successful investing.
