# Engagement Announced
## 
### 
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Laura Josephine
Combs, '61, to John Reiss Davis,
Electrical Engineering graduate
student.
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Laura Josephine
Combs, '61, to John Reiss Davis,
Electrical Engineering graduate
student.
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Laura Josephine
Combs, '61, to John Reiss Davis,
Electrical Engineering graduate
student.
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Laura Josephine
Combs, '61, to John Reiss Davis,
Electrical Engineering graduate
student.
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Laura Josephine
Combs, '61, to John Reiss Davis,
Electrical Engineering graduate
student.
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Laura Josephine
Combs, '61, to John Reiss Davis,
Electrical Engineering graduate
student.
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Laura Josephine
Combs, '61, to John Reiss Davis,
Electrical Engineering graduate
student.
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Laura Josephine
Combs, '61, to John Reiss Davis,
Electrical Engineering graduate
student.
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Laura Josephine
Combs, '61, to John Reiss Davis,
Electrical Engineering graduate
student.
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Laura Josephine
Combs, '61, to John Reiss Davis,
Electrical Engineering graduate
student.
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Laura Josephine
Combs, '61, to John Reiss Davis,
Electrical Engineering graduate
student.
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Laura Josephine
Combs, '61, to John Reiss Davis,
Electrical Engineering graduate
student.
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Laura Josephine
Combs, '61, to John Reiss Davis,
Electrical Engineering graduate
student.
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Laura Josephine
Combs, '61, to John Reiss Davis,
Electrical Engineering graduate
student.
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Laura Josephine
Combs, '61, to John Reiss Davis,
Electrical Engineering graduate
student.
Jordan House announces the
engagement of Laura Josephine
Combs, '61, to John Reiss Davis,
Electrical Engineering graduate
student.
