# Untitled Article
## 
### 
United Press Telegraphic Report
Toronto, Sept. 25. —Sir James Whit
ney, the premier of Ontario, died at
noon today .
United Press Telegraphic Report
Toronto, Sept. 25. —Sir James Whit
ney, the premier of Ontario, died at
noon today .
United Press Telegraphic Report
Toronto, Sept. 25. —Sir James Whit
ney, the premier of Ontario, died at
noon today .
United Press Telegraphic Report
Toronto, Sept. 25. —Sir James Whit
ney, the premier of Ontario, died at
noon today .
United Press Telegraphic Report
Toronto, Sept. 25. —Sir James Whit
ney, the premier of Ontario, died at
noon today .
United Press Telegraphic Report
Toronto, Sept. 25. —Sir James Whit
ney, the premier of Ontario, died at
noon today .
United Press Telegraphic Report
Toronto, Sept. 25. —Sir James Whit
ney, the premier of Ontario, died at
noon today .
United Press Telegraphic Report
Toronto, Sept. 25. —Sir James Whit
ney, the premier of Ontario, died at
noon today .
United Press Telegraphic Report
Toronto, Sept. 25. —Sir James Whit
ney, the premier of Ontario, died at
noon today .
United Press Telegraphic Report
Toronto, Sept. 25. —Sir James Whit
ney, the premier of Ontario, died at
noon today .
United Press Telegraphic Report
Toronto, Sept. 25. —Sir James Whit
ney, the premier of Ontario, died at
noon today .
United Press Telegraphic Report
Toronto, Sept. 25. —Sir James Whit
ney, the premier of Ontario, died at
noon today .
United Press Telegraphic Report
Toronto, Sept. 25. —Sir James Whit
ney, the premier of Ontario, died at
noon today .
United Press Telegraphic Report
Toronto, Sept. 25. —Sir James Whit
ney, the premier of Ontario, died at
noon today .
