# Untitled Article
## 
### 

IN LEE OF a sand dune near Sirte, Libya, a fallen infantryman is given first aid while comrades of the
British Eighth Army scramble over dunes in an advance 011 Axis positions. Patrols had just succeeded in
browing Nazis out of a dry water course.

IN LEE OF a sand dune near Sirte, Libya, a fallen infantryman is given first aid while comrades of the
British Eighth Army scramble over dunes in an advance 011 Axis positions. Patrols had just succeeded in
browing Nazis out of a dry water course.

IN LEE OF a sand dune near Sirte, Libya, a fallen infantryman is given first aid while comrades of the
British Eighth Army scramble over dunes in an advance 011 Axis positions. Patrols had just succeeded in
browing Nazis out of a dry water course.

IN LEE OF a sand dune near Sirte, Libya, a fallen infantryman is given first aid while comrades of the
British Eighth Army scramble over dunes in an advance 011 Axis positions. Patrols had just succeeded in
browing Nazis out of a dry water course.

IN LEE OF a sand dune near Sirte, Libya, a fallen infantryman is given first aid while comrades of the
British Eighth Army scramble over dunes in an advance 011 Axis positions. Patrols had just succeeded in
browing Nazis out of a dry water course.

IN LEE OF a sand dune near Sirte, Libya, a fallen infantryman is given first aid while comrades of the
British Eighth Army scramble over dunes in an advance 011 Axis positions. Patrols had just succeeded in
browing Nazis out of a dry water course.

IN LEE OF a sand dune near Sirte, Libya, a fallen infantryman is given first aid while comrades of the
British Eighth Army scramble over dunes in an advance 011 Axis positions. Patrols had just succeeded in
browing Nazis out of a dry water course.

IN LEE OF a sand dune near Sirte, Libya, a fallen infantryman is given first aid while comrades of the
British Eighth Army scramble over dunes in an advance 011 Axis positions. Patrols had just succeeded in
browing Nazis out of a dry water course.

IN LEE OF a sand dune near Sirte, Libya, a fallen infantryman is given first aid while comrades of the
British Eighth Army scramble over dunes in an advance 011 Axis positions. Patrols had just succeeded in
browing Nazis out of a dry water course.

IN LEE OF a sand dune near Sirte, Libya, a fallen infantryman is given first aid while comrades of the
British Eighth Army scramble over dunes in an advance 011 Axis positions. Patrols had just succeeded in
browing Nazis out of a dry water course.

IN LEE OF a sand dune near Sirte, Libya, a fallen infantryman is given first aid while comrades of the
British Eighth Army scramble over dunes in an advance 011 Axis positions. Patrols had just succeeded in
browing Nazis out of a dry water course.

IN LEE OF a sand dune near Sirte, Libya, a fallen infantryman is given first aid while comrades of the
British Eighth Army scramble over dunes in an advance 011 Axis positions. Patrols had just succeeded in
browing Nazis out of a dry water course.

IN LEE OF a sand dune near Sirte, Libya, a fallen infantryman is given first aid while comrades of the
British Eighth Army scramble over dunes in an advance 011 Axis positions. Patrols had just succeeded in
browing Nazis out of a dry water course.

IN LEE OF a sand dune near Sirte, Libya, a fallen infantryman is given first aid while comrades of the
British Eighth Army scramble over dunes in an advance 011 Axis positions. Patrols had just succeeded in
browing Nazis out of a dry water course.

IN LEE OF a sand dune near Sirte, Libya, a fallen infantryman is given first aid while comrades of the
British Eighth Army scramble over dunes in an advance 011 Axis positions. Patrols had just succeeded in
browing Nazis out of a dry water course.

IN LEE OF a sand dune near Sirte, Libya, a fallen infantryman is given first aid while comrades of the
British Eighth Army scramble over dunes in an advance 011 Axis positions. Patrols had just succeeded in
browing Nazis out of a dry water course.

IN LEE OF a sand dune near Sirte, Libya, a fallen infantryman is given first aid while comrades of the
British Eighth Army scramble over dunes in an advance 011 Axis positions. Patrols had just succeeded in
browing Nazis out of a dry water course.
