# RAIL RATES DECREASED
## 
### 
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 5 (U.R>

The California Railroad Commission,
n conformance with an OfTice of
Price Administration order, today
/escinded rate increases for highway
transportation of property, agricul
tural and mining raw materials and
animals.
The Railroad Commission earlier
issued an order allowing a 6 per
cent increase for transportation of
property and a 3 per cent increase
for carriers who transport agricul
tural and mining products.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 5 (U.R>

The California Railroad Commission,
n conformance with an OfTice of
Price Administration order, today
/escinded rate increases for highway
transportation of property, agricul
tural and mining raw materials and
animals.
The Railroad Commission earlier
issued an order allowing a 6 per
cent increase for transportation of
property and a 3 per cent increase
for carriers who transport agricul
tural and mining products.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 5 (U.R>

The California Railroad Commission,
n conformance with an OfTice of
Price Administration order, today
/escinded rate increases for highway
transportation of property, agricul
tural and mining raw materials and
animals.
The Railroad Commission earlier
issued an order allowing a 6 per
cent increase for transportation of
property and a 3 per cent increase
for carriers who transport agricul
tural and mining products.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 5 (U.R>

The California Railroad Commission,
n conformance with an OfTice of
Price Administration order, today
/escinded rate increases for highway
transportation of property, agricul
tural and mining raw materials and
animals.
The Railroad Commission earlier
issued an order allowing a 6 per
cent increase for transportation of
property and a 3 per cent increase
for carriers who transport agricul
tural and mining products.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 5 (U.R>

The California Railroad Commission,
n conformance with an OfTice of
Price Administration order, today
/escinded rate increases for highway
transportation of property, agricul
tural and mining raw materials and
animals.
The Railroad Commission earlier
issued an order allowing a 6 per
cent increase for transportation of
property and a 3 per cent increase
for carriers who transport agricul
tural and mining products.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 5 (U.R>

The California Railroad Commission,
n conformance with an OfTice of
Price Administration order, today
/escinded rate increases for highway
transportation of property, agricul
tural and mining raw materials and
animals.
The Railroad Commission earlier
issued an order allowing a 6 per
cent increase for transportation of
property and a 3 per cent increase
for carriers who transport agricul
tural and mining products.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 5 (U.R>

The California Railroad Commission,
n conformance with an OfTice of
Price Administration order, today
/escinded rate increases for highway
transportation of property, agricul
tural and mining raw materials and
animals.
The Railroad Commission earlier
issued an order allowing a 6 per
cent increase for transportation of
property and a 3 per cent increase
for carriers who transport agricul
tural and mining products.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 5 (U.R>

The California Railroad Commission,
n conformance with an OfTice of
Price Administration order, today
/escinded rate increases for highway
transportation of property, agricul
tural and mining raw materials and
animals.
The Railroad Commission earlier
issued an order allowing a 6 per
cent increase for transportation of
property and a 3 per cent increase
for carriers who transport agricul
tural and mining products.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 5 (U.R>

The California Railroad Commission,
n conformance with an OfTice of
Price Administration order, today
/escinded rate increases for highway
transportation of property, agricul
tural and mining raw materials and
animals.
The Railroad Commission earlier
issued an order allowing a 6 per
cent increase for transportation of
property and a 3 per cent increase
for carriers who transport agricul
tural and mining products.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 5 (U.R>

The California Railroad Commission,
n conformance with an OfTice of
Price Administration order, today
/escinded rate increases for highway
transportation of property, agricul
tural and mining raw materials and
animals.
The Railroad Commission earlier
issued an order allowing a 6 per
cent increase for transportation of
property and a 3 per cent increase
for carriers who transport agricul
tural and mining products.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 5 (U.R>

The California Railroad Commission,
n conformance with an OfTice of
Price Administration order, today
/escinded rate increases for highway
transportation of property, agricul
tural and mining raw materials and
animals.
The Railroad Commission earlier
issued an order allowing a 6 per
cent increase for transportation of
property and a 3 per cent increase
for carriers who transport agricul
tural and mining products.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 5 (U.R>

The California Railroad Commission,
n conformance with an OfTice of
Price Administration order, today
/escinded rate increases for highway
transportation of property, agricul
tural and mining raw materials and
animals.
The Railroad Commission earlier
issued an order allowing a 6 per
cent increase for transportation of
property and a 3 per cent increase
for carriers who transport agricul
tural and mining products.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 5 (U.R>

The California Railroad Commission,
n conformance with an OfTice of
Price Administration order, today
/escinded rate increases for highway
transportation of property, agricul
tural and mining raw materials and
animals.
The Railroad Commission earlier
issued an order allowing a 6 per
cent increase for transportation of
property and a 3 per cent increase
for carriers who transport agricul
tural and mining products.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 5 (U.R>

The California Railroad Commission,
n conformance with an OfTice of
Price Administration order, today
/escinded rate increases for highway
transportation of property, agricul
tural and mining raw materials and
animals.
The Railroad Commission earlier
issued an order allowing a 6 per
cent increase for transportation of
property and a 3 per cent increase
for carriers who transport agricul
tural and mining products.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 5 (U.R>

The California Railroad Commission,
n conformance with an OfTice of
Price Administration order, today
/escinded rate increases for highway
transportation of property, agricul
tural and mining raw materials and
animals.
The Railroad Commission earlier
issued an order allowing a 6 per
cent increase for transportation of
property and a 3 per cent increase
for carriers who transport agricul
tural and mining products.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 5 (U.R>

The California Railroad Commission,
n conformance with an OfTice of
Price Administration order, today
/escinded rate increases for highway
transportation of property, agricul
tural and mining raw materials and
animals.
The Railroad Commission earlier
issued an order allowing a 6 per
cent increase for transportation of
property and a 3 per cent increase
for carriers who transport agricul
tural and mining products.
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 5 (U.R>

The California Railroad Commission,
n conformance with an OfTice of
Price Administration order, today
/escinded rate increases for highway
transportation of property, agricul
tural and mining raw materials and
animals.
The Railroad Commission earlier
issued an order allowing a 6 per
cent increase for transportation of
property and a 3 per cent increase
for carriers who transport agricul
tural and mining products.
