# Untitled Article
## 
### 

ALTHOUGH 388 LESS students than last Winter Quarter registered yesterday, waiting lines in the Ad
building seemed longer as students pushed to set their Keg books. Delayed registration due to transpor
tation troubles is expected to bring up the total.

ALTHOUGH 388 LESS students than last Winter Quarter registered yesterday, waiting lines in the Ad
building seemed longer as students pushed to set their Keg books. Delayed registration due to transpor
tation troubles is expected to bring up the total.

ALTHOUGH 388 LESS students than last Winter Quarter registered yesterday, waiting lines in the Ad
building seemed longer as students pushed to set their Keg books. Delayed registration due to transpor
tation troubles is expected to bring up the total.

ALTHOUGH 388 LESS students than last Winter Quarter registered yesterday, waiting lines in the Ad
building seemed longer as students pushed to set their Keg books. Delayed registration due to transpor
tation troubles is expected to bring up the total.

ALTHOUGH 388 LESS students than last Winter Quarter registered yesterday, waiting lines in the Ad
building seemed longer as students pushed to set their Keg books. Delayed registration due to transpor
tation troubles is expected to bring up the total.

ALTHOUGH 388 LESS students than last Winter Quarter registered yesterday, waiting lines in the Ad
building seemed longer as students pushed to set their Keg books. Delayed registration due to transpor
tation troubles is expected to bring up the total.

ALTHOUGH 388 LESS students than last Winter Quarter registered yesterday, waiting lines in the Ad
building seemed longer as students pushed to set their Keg books. Delayed registration due to transpor
tation troubles is expected to bring up the total.

ALTHOUGH 388 LESS students than last Winter Quarter registered yesterday, waiting lines in the Ad
building seemed longer as students pushed to set their Keg books. Delayed registration due to transpor
tation troubles is expected to bring up the total.

ALTHOUGH 388 LESS students than last Winter Quarter registered yesterday, waiting lines in the Ad
building seemed longer as students pushed to set their Keg books. Delayed registration due to transpor
tation troubles is expected to bring up the total.

ALTHOUGH 388 LESS students than last Winter Quarter registered yesterday, waiting lines in the Ad
building seemed longer as students pushed to set their Keg books. Delayed registration due to transpor
tation troubles is expected to bring up the total.

ALTHOUGH 388 LESS students than last Winter Quarter registered yesterday, waiting lines in the Ad
building seemed longer as students pushed to set their Keg books. Delayed registration due to transpor
tation troubles is expected to bring up the total.

ALTHOUGH 388 LESS students than last Winter Quarter registered yesterday, waiting lines in the Ad
building seemed longer as students pushed to set their Keg books. Delayed registration due to transpor
tation troubles is expected to bring up the total.

ALTHOUGH 388 LESS students than last Winter Quarter registered yesterday, waiting lines in the Ad
building seemed longer as students pushed to set their Keg books. Delayed registration due to transpor
tation troubles is expected to bring up the total.

ALTHOUGH 388 LESS students than last Winter Quarter registered yesterday, waiting lines in the Ad
building seemed longer as students pushed to set their Keg books. Delayed registration due to transpor
tation troubles is expected to bring up the total.

ALTHOUGH 388 LESS students than last Winter Quarter registered yesterday, waiting lines in the Ad
building seemed longer as students pushed to set their Keg books. Delayed registration due to transpor
tation troubles is expected to bring up the total.

ALTHOUGH 388 LESS students than last Winter Quarter registered yesterday, waiting lines in the Ad
building seemed longer as students pushed to set their Keg books. Delayed registration due to transpor
tation troubles is expected to bring up the total.

ALTHOUGH 388 LESS students than last Winter Quarter registered yesterday, waiting lines in the Ad
building seemed longer as students pushed to set their Keg books. Delayed registration due to transpor
tation troubles is expected to bring up the total.
