# Sell-ont Looms Leaving 60 Quade
## 
### 
Rapidly approaching a sell-out,
only GO copies of the 1939 Stanford
Quad are yet available, reported
Manager Margaret Hale yesterday.
Sale of the remaining books will
continue at the Quad office each
afternoon.
Editor Frank Lippman again an
nounced that duplicates of all Quad
pictures will be sold at, a nominal
price. The average cost is 10 cents
tor single photographs.
Rapidly approaching a sell-out,
only GO copies of the 1939 Stanford
Quad are yet available, reported
Manager Margaret Hale yesterday.
Sale of the remaining books will
continue at the Quad office each
afternoon.
Editor Frank Lippman again an
nounced that duplicates of all Quad
pictures will be sold at, a nominal
price. The average cost is 10 cents
tor single photographs.
Rapidly approaching a sell-out,
only GO copies of the 1939 Stanford
Quad are yet available, reported
Manager Margaret Hale yesterday.
Sale of the remaining books will
continue at the Quad office each
afternoon.
Editor Frank Lippman again an
nounced that duplicates of all Quad
pictures will be sold at, a nominal
price. The average cost is 10 cents
tor single photographs.
Rapidly approaching a sell-out,
only GO copies of the 1939 Stanford
Quad are yet available, reported
Manager Margaret Hale yesterday.
Sale of the remaining books will
continue at the Quad office each
afternoon.
Editor Frank Lippman again an
nounced that duplicates of all Quad
pictures will be sold at, a nominal
price. The average cost is 10 cents
tor single photographs.
Rapidly approaching a sell-out,
only GO copies of the 1939 Stanford
Quad are yet available, reported
Manager Margaret Hale yesterday.
Sale of the remaining books will
continue at the Quad office each
afternoon.
Editor Frank Lippman again an
nounced that duplicates of all Quad
pictures will be sold at, a nominal
price. The average cost is 10 cents
tor single photographs.
Rapidly approaching a sell-out,
only GO copies of the 1939 Stanford
Quad are yet available, reported
Manager Margaret Hale yesterday.
Sale of the remaining books will
continue at the Quad office each
afternoon.
Editor Frank Lippman again an
nounced that duplicates of all Quad
pictures will be sold at, a nominal
price. The average cost is 10 cents
tor single photographs.
Rapidly approaching a sell-out,
only GO copies of the 1939 Stanford
Quad are yet available, reported
Manager Margaret Hale yesterday.
Sale of the remaining books will
continue at the Quad office each
afternoon.
Editor Frank Lippman again an
nounced that duplicates of all Quad
pictures will be sold at, a nominal
price. The average cost is 10 cents
tor single photographs.
Rapidly approaching a sell-out,
only GO copies of the 1939 Stanford
Quad are yet available, reported
Manager Margaret Hale yesterday.
Sale of the remaining books will
continue at the Quad office each
afternoon.
Editor Frank Lippman again an
nounced that duplicates of all Quad
pictures will be sold at, a nominal
price. The average cost is 10 cents
tor single photographs.
Rapidly approaching a sell-out,
only GO copies of the 1939 Stanford
Quad are yet available, reported
Manager Margaret Hale yesterday.
Sale of the remaining books will
continue at the Quad office each
afternoon.
Editor Frank Lippman again an
nounced that duplicates of all Quad
pictures will be sold at, a nominal
price. The average cost is 10 cents
tor single photographs.
Rapidly approaching a sell-out,
only GO copies of the 1939 Stanford
Quad are yet available, reported
Manager Margaret Hale yesterday.
Sale of the remaining books will
continue at the Quad office each
afternoon.
Editor Frank Lippman again an
nounced that duplicates of all Quad
pictures will be sold at, a nominal
price. The average cost is 10 cents
tor single photographs.
Rapidly approaching a sell-out,
only GO copies of the 1939 Stanford
Quad are yet available, reported
Manager Margaret Hale yesterday.
Sale of the remaining books will
continue at the Quad office each
afternoon.
Editor Frank Lippman again an
nounced that duplicates of all Quad
pictures will be sold at, a nominal
price. The average cost is 10 cents
tor single photographs.
Rapidly approaching a sell-out,
only GO copies of the 1939 Stanford
Quad are yet available, reported
Manager Margaret Hale yesterday.
Sale of the remaining books will
continue at the Quad office each
afternoon.
Editor Frank Lippman again an
nounced that duplicates of all Quad
pictures will be sold at, a nominal
price. The average cost is 10 cents
tor single photographs.
Rapidly approaching a sell-out,
only GO copies of the 1939 Stanford
Quad are yet available, reported
Manager Margaret Hale yesterday.
Sale of the remaining books will
continue at the Quad office each
afternoon.
Editor Frank Lippman again an
nounced that duplicates of all Quad
pictures will be sold at, a nominal
price. The average cost is 10 cents
tor single photographs.
Rapidly approaching a sell-out,
only GO copies of the 1939 Stanford
Quad are yet available, reported
Manager Margaret Hale yesterday.
Sale of the remaining books will
continue at the Quad office each
afternoon.
Editor Frank Lippman again an
nounced that duplicates of all Quad
pictures will be sold at, a nominal
price. The average cost is 10 cents
tor single photographs.
Rapidly approaching a sell-out,
only GO copies of the 1939 Stanford
Quad are yet available, reported
Manager Margaret Hale yesterday.
Sale of the remaining books will
continue at the Quad office each
afternoon.
Editor Frank Lippman again an
nounced that duplicates of all Quad
pictures will be sold at, a nominal
price. The average cost is 10 cents
tor single photographs.
Rapidly approaching a sell-out,
only GO copies of the 1939 Stanford
Quad are yet available, reported
Manager Margaret Hale yesterday.
Sale of the remaining books will
continue at the Quad office each
afternoon.
Editor Frank Lippman again an
nounced that duplicates of all Quad
pictures will be sold at, a nominal
price. The average cost is 10 cents
tor single photographs.
