# Berkeley Notes.
## 
### 
- -The Occ'alcnt declares editorially
that there is no chance for the
University of California to score in
the Thanksgiving day ganre against
Stanford.
- -The Occ'alcnt declares editorially
that there is no chance for the
University of California to score in
the Thanksgiving day ganre against
Stanford.
- -The Occ'alcnt declares editorially
that there is no chance for the
University of California to score in
the Thanksgiving day ganre against
Stanford.
- -The Occ'alcnt declares editorially
that there is no chance for the
University of California to score in
the Thanksgiving day ganre against
Stanford.
- -The Occ'alcnt declares editorially
that there is no chance for the
University of California to score in
the Thanksgiving day ganre against
Stanford.
