# Philological Association.
## 
### 
The April meeting of the Philo
logical Association, scheduled for
tomorrow afternoon, has been
postponed until next week, when
papers will be read by Dr. Foster
and Professor Goebel. It is possi
ble that Dr. George Steindorff, the
Egyptologist, who is to address the
University under the auspices of
the Philological Association, will
he present.
The April meeting of the Philo
logical Association, scheduled for
tomorrow afternoon, has been
postponed until next week, when
papers will be read by Dr. Foster
and Professor Goebel. It is possi
ble that Dr. George Steindorff, the
Egyptologist, who is to address the
University under the auspices of
the Philological Association, will
he present.
The April meeting of the Philo
logical Association, scheduled for
tomorrow afternoon, has been
postponed until next week, when
papers will be read by Dr. Foster
and Professor Goebel. It is possi
ble that Dr. George Steindorff, the
Egyptologist, who is to address the
University under the auspices of
the Philological Association, will
he present.
The April meeting of the Philo
logical Association, scheduled for
tomorrow afternoon, has been
postponed until next week, when
papers will be read by Dr. Foster
and Professor Goebel. It is possi
ble that Dr. George Steindorff, the
Egyptologist, who is to address the
University under the auspices of
the Philological Association, will
he present.
The April meeting of the Philo
logical Association, scheduled for
tomorrow afternoon, has been
postponed until next week, when
papers will be read by Dr. Foster
and Professor Goebel. It is possi
ble that Dr. George Steindorff, the
Egyptologist, who is to address the
University under the auspices of
the Philological Association, will
he present.
The April meeting of the Philo
logical Association, scheduled for
tomorrow afternoon, has been
postponed until next week, when
papers will be read by Dr. Foster
and Professor Goebel. It is possi
ble that Dr. George Steindorff, the
Egyptologist, who is to address the
University under the auspices of
the Philological Association, will
he present.
The April meeting of the Philo
logical Association, scheduled for
tomorrow afternoon, has been
postponed until next week, when
papers will be read by Dr. Foster
and Professor Goebel. It is possi
ble that Dr. George Steindorff, the
Egyptologist, who is to address the
University under the auspices of
the Philological Association, will
he present.
The April meeting of the Philo
logical Association, scheduled for
tomorrow afternoon, has been
postponed until next week, when
papers will be read by Dr. Foster
and Professor Goebel. It is possi
ble that Dr. George Steindorff, the
Egyptologist, who is to address the
University under the auspices of
the Philological Association, will
he present.
