# Drawings for Tennis Tournament.
## 
### 
The drawings for the first singles
tournament were held on the ten
nis court this afternoon. The
tournament was begun at once, and
the matches will be played as rap
idly as possible. The three leaders
at the finish of this tournament
and Captain Baker will meet in a
round-robin tournament. Baker is
very anxious to have this tourna
ment finished quickly, in order
that the men chosen to represent
Stanford in the intercollegiate
match may have an opportunity to
practice. Until very recently the
weather has been unfavorable for
tennis, and now the men must take
advantage of the opportunity for
practice, as the intercollegiate con
test is only ten days away.
The drawings for the singles
tournament resulted as follows:
Bradley, '04, vs. Brown,'o7; Swin
erton, '05, vs. R. Leib, '04; Burr,
'07, vs. Hooper, '05; Cassell, '07,
vs. Ames, '06; Hodge, '06, vs. F.
Leib, '02.
The drawings for the first singles
tournament were held on the ten
nis court this afternoon. The
tournament was begun at once, and
the matches will be played as rap
idly as possible. The three leaders
at the finish of this tournament
and Captain Baker will meet in a
round-robin tournament. Baker is
very anxious to have this tourna
ment finished quickly, in order
that the men chosen to represent
Stanford in the intercollegiate
match may have an opportunity to
practice. Until very recently the
weather has been unfavorable for
tennis, and now the men must take
advantage of the opportunity for
practice, as the intercollegiate con
test is only ten days away.
The drawings for the singles
tournament resulted as follows:
Bradley, '04, vs. Brown,'o7; Swin
erton, '05, vs. R. Leib, '04; Burr,
'07, vs. Hooper, '05; Cassell, '07,
vs. Ames, '06; Hodge, '06, vs. F.
Leib, '02.
The drawings for the first singles
tournament were held on the ten
nis court this afternoon. The
tournament was begun at once, and
the matches will be played as rap
idly as possible. The three leaders
at the finish of this tournament
and Captain Baker will meet in a
round-robin tournament. Baker is
very anxious to have this tourna
ment finished quickly, in order
that the men chosen to represent
Stanford in the intercollegiate
match may have an opportunity to
practice. Until very recently the
weather has been unfavorable for
tennis, and now the men must take
advantage of the opportunity for
practice, as the intercollegiate con
test is only ten days away.
The drawings for the singles
tournament resulted as follows:
Bradley, '04, vs. Brown,'o7; Swin
erton, '05, vs. R. Leib, '04; Burr,
'07, vs. Hooper, '05; Cassell, '07,
vs. Ames, '06; Hodge, '06, vs. F.
Leib, '02.
The drawings for the first singles
tournament were held on the ten
nis court this afternoon. The
tournament was begun at once, and
the matches will be played as rap
idly as possible. The three leaders
at the finish of this tournament
and Captain Baker will meet in a
round-robin tournament. Baker is
very anxious to have this tourna
ment finished quickly, in order
that the men chosen to represent
Stanford in the intercollegiate
match may have an opportunity to
practice. Until very recently the
weather has been unfavorable for
tennis, and now the men must take
advantage of the opportunity for
practice, as the intercollegiate con
test is only ten days away.
The drawings for the singles
tournament resulted as follows:
Bradley, '04, vs. Brown,'o7; Swin
erton, '05, vs. R. Leib, '04; Burr,
'07, vs. Hooper, '05; Cassell, '07,
vs. Ames, '06; Hodge, '06, vs. F.
Leib, '02.
The drawings for the first singles
tournament were held on the ten
nis court this afternoon. The
tournament was begun at once, and
the matches will be played as rap
idly as possible. The three leaders
at the finish of this tournament
and Captain Baker will meet in a
round-robin tournament. Baker is
very anxious to have this tourna
ment finished quickly, in order
that the men chosen to represent
Stanford in the intercollegiate
match may have an opportunity to
practice. Until very recently the
weather has been unfavorable for
tennis, and now the men must take
advantage of the opportunity for
practice, as the intercollegiate con
test is only ten days away.
The drawings for the singles
tournament resulted as follows:
Bradley, '04, vs. Brown,'o7; Swin
erton, '05, vs. R. Leib, '04; Burr,
'07, vs. Hooper, '05; Cassell, '07,
vs. Ames, '06; Hodge, '06, vs. F.
Leib, '02.
The drawings for the first singles
tournament were held on the ten
nis court this afternoon. The
tournament was begun at once, and
the matches will be played as rap
idly as possible. The three leaders
at the finish of this tournament
and Captain Baker will meet in a
round-robin tournament. Baker is
very anxious to have this tourna
ment finished quickly, in order
that the men chosen to represent
Stanford in the intercollegiate
match may have an opportunity to
practice. Until very recently the
weather has been unfavorable for
tennis, and now the men must take
advantage of the opportunity for
practice, as the intercollegiate con
test is only ten days away.
The drawings for the singles
tournament resulted as follows:
Bradley, '04, vs. Brown,'o7; Swin
erton, '05, vs. R. Leib, '04; Burr,
'07, vs. Hooper, '05; Cassell, '07,
vs. Ames, '06; Hodge, '06, vs. F.
Leib, '02.
The drawings for the first singles
tournament were held on the ten
nis court this afternoon. The
tournament was begun at once, and
the matches will be played as rap
idly as possible. The three leaders
at the finish of this tournament
and Captain Baker will meet in a
round-robin tournament. Baker is
very anxious to have this tourna
ment finished quickly, in order
that the men chosen to represent
Stanford in the intercollegiate
match may have an opportunity to
practice. Until very recently the
weather has been unfavorable for
tennis, and now the men must take
advantage of the opportunity for
practice, as the intercollegiate con
test is only ten days away.
The drawings for the singles
tournament resulted as follows:
Bradley, '04, vs. Brown,'o7; Swin
erton, '05, vs. R. Leib, '04; Burr,
'07, vs. Hooper, '05; Cassell, '07,
vs. Ames, '06; Hodge, '06, vs. F.
Leib, '02.
The drawings for the first singles
tournament were held on the ten
nis court this afternoon. The
tournament was begun at once, and
the matches will be played as rap
idly as possible. The three leaders
at the finish of this tournament
and Captain Baker will meet in a
round-robin tournament. Baker is
very anxious to have this tourna
ment finished quickly, in order
that the men chosen to represent
Stanford in the intercollegiate
match may have an opportunity to
practice. Until very recently the
weather has been unfavorable for
tennis, and now the men must take
advantage of the opportunity for
practice, as the intercollegiate con
test is only ten days away.
The drawings for the singles
tournament resulted as follows:
Bradley, '04, vs. Brown,'o7; Swin
erton, '05, vs. R. Leib, '04; Burr,
'07, vs. Hooper, '05; Cassell, '07,
vs. Ames, '06; Hodge, '06, vs. F.
Leib, '02.
