# Class Cards Due
## 
### 
Study-list cards and class cards
arc due at the Information Win
dow of the Registrar's Office in
the Old Union before 5 p.m. on
Friday, October 4. A student's
registration remains incomplete
until this is done.
A class card is required for
each class listed on a student's
study-list card. Class cards
which have not been available
from instructors may be ob
tained in the lobby of the Old
Union starting at 1:00 p.m. to
day.

After turning in his study-list
and class cards, a student may
still change his program by pe
titioning.
Starting next Monday, a
charge of $2 for late filing of
class cards will be imposed, and
the following Monday, the fine
will be increased to $10. Follow
ing that, a student's registration
is subject to cancellation if he
has not turned in his study-list
card and class cards.
