# Untitled Article
## 
### 
It is highly important that there be
the largest possible crowd in Assem
bly Hall tomorrow evening. Then
will come the last opportunity to
cheer the Freshman fifteen before
they contend with the team from the
University of California on Saturday.
The speakers selected for the evening
are well chosen to tell the students
whatever there properly is to be said
regarding the team and the coining
game. They are also men of a kind
that makes good rally speakers, calla
ble of arousing enthusiasm in the
hearts of their hearers. The spirit
that will characterize the support of
the Stanford Freshmen will be largely
affected by ihe tone of the gathering
tomorrow evening. The speakers will
do their part toward making the rally
as good as they can, and the band
and the yell leaders will contribute
their share; beyond these the success
of the meeting lies with the students.
