# Euphronia Debaters Hold Banquet.
## 
### 
The members of the Euphronia
Literary Society held their first regu
lar banquet of the semester at the
University Inn yesterday evening. Re
sponses to toasts were made by all
present, President W C. Shelton, '08,
acting as toastmaster. A general
discussion of the needs and future
policy of the organization followed.
The evening's entertainment was con
cluded with Stanford songs and yells.
The members of the Euphronia
Literary Society held their first regu
lar banquet of the semester at the
University Inn yesterday evening. Re
sponses to toasts were made by all
present, President W C. Shelton, '08,
acting as toastmaster. A general
discussion of the needs and future
policy of the organization followed.
The evening's entertainment was con
cluded with Stanford songs and yells.
The members of the Euphronia
Literary Society held their first regu
lar banquet of the semester at the
University Inn yesterday evening. Re
sponses to toasts were made by all
present, President W C. Shelton, '08,
acting as toastmaster. A general
discussion of the needs and future
policy of the organization followed.
The evening's entertainment was con
cluded with Stanford songs and yells.
The members of the Euphronia
Literary Society held their first regu
lar banquet of the semester at the
University Inn yesterday evening. Re
sponses to toasts were made by all
present, President W C. Shelton, '08,
acting as toastmaster. A general
discussion of the needs and future
policy of the organization followed.
The evening's entertainment was con
cluded with Stanford songs and yells.
The members of the Euphronia
Literary Society held their first regu
lar banquet of the semester at the
University Inn yesterday evening. Re
sponses to toasts were made by all
present, President W C. Shelton, '08,
acting as toastmaster. A general
discussion of the needs and future
policy of the organization followed.
The evening's entertainment was con
cluded with Stanford songs and yells.
The members of the Euphronia
Literary Society held their first regu
lar banquet of the semester at the
University Inn yesterday evening. Re
sponses to toasts were made by all
present, President W C. Shelton, '08,
acting as toastmaster. A general
discussion of the needs and future
policy of the organization followed.
The evening's entertainment was con
cluded with Stanford songs and yells.
The members of the Euphronia
Literary Society held their first regu
lar banquet of the semester at the
University Inn yesterday evening. Re
sponses to toasts were made by all
present, President W C. Shelton, '08,
acting as toastmaster. A general
discussion of the needs and future
policy of the organization followed.
The evening's entertainment was con
cluded with Stanford songs and yells.
The members of the Euphronia
Literary Society held their first regu
lar banquet of the semester at the
University Inn yesterday evening. Re
sponses to toasts were made by all
present, President W C. Shelton, '08,
acting as toastmaster. A general
discussion of the needs and future
policy of the organization followed.
The evening's entertainment was con
cluded with Stanford songs and yells.
The members of the Euphronia
Literary Society held their first regu
lar banquet of the semester at the
University Inn yesterday evening. Re
sponses to toasts were made by all
present, President W C. Shelton, '08,
acting as toastmaster. A general
discussion of the needs and future
policy of the organization followed.
The evening's entertainment was con
cluded with Stanford songs and yells.
The members of the Euphronia
Literary Society held their first regu
lar banquet of the semester at the
University Inn yesterday evening. Re
sponses to toasts were made by all
present, President W C. Shelton, '08,
acting as toastmaster. A general
discussion of the needs and future
policy of the organization followed.
The evening's entertainment was con
cluded with Stanford songs and yells.
