# Bennheim Manuscripts Not Yet Due.
## 
### 
Owing to the difficulty which has
been encountered in the use of the
Library during the period of recon
struction, the time when the manu
scripts for the Bornheim Disserta
tion must be handed in to the proper
authorities has been postponed. The
date is now November 1(3, while the
awards will be announced November
24. The public discussion that ac
companies the contest will take place
upon December 4.
Owing to the difficulty which has
been encountered in the use of the
Library during the period of recon
struction, the time when the manu
scripts for the Bornheim Disserta
tion must be handed in to the proper
authorities has been postponed. The
date is now November 1(3, while the
awards will be announced November
24. The public discussion that ac
companies the contest will take place
upon December 4.
Owing to the difficulty which has
been encountered in the use of the
Library during the period of recon
struction, the time when the manu
scripts for the Bornheim Disserta
tion must be handed in to the proper
authorities has been postponed. The
date is now November 1(3, while the
awards will be announced November
24. The public discussion that ac
companies the contest will take place
upon December 4.
Owing to the difficulty which has
been encountered in the use of the
Library during the period of recon
struction, the time when the manu
scripts for the Bornheim Disserta
tion must be handed in to the proper
authorities has been postponed. The
date is now November 1(3, while the
awards will be announced November
24. The public discussion that ac
companies the contest will take place
upon December 4.
Owing to the difficulty which has
been encountered in the use of the
Library during the period of recon
struction, the time when the manu
scripts for the Bornheim Disserta
tion must be handed in to the proper
authorities has been postponed. The
date is now November 1(3, while the
awards will be announced November
24. The public discussion that ac
companies the contest will take place
upon December 4.
Owing to the difficulty which has
been encountered in the use of the
Library during the period of recon
struction, the time when the manu
scripts for the Bornheim Disserta
tion must be handed in to the proper
authorities has been postponed. The
date is now November 1(3, while the
awards will be announced November
24. The public discussion that ac
companies the contest will take place
upon December 4.
Owing to the difficulty which has
been encountered in the use of the
Library during the period of recon
struction, the time when the manu
scripts for the Bornheim Disserta
tion must be handed in to the proper
authorities has been postponed. The
date is now November 1(3, while the
awards will be announced November
24. The public discussion that ac
companies the contest will take place
upon December 4.
Owing to the difficulty which has
been encountered in the use of the
Library during the period of recon
struction, the time when the manu
scripts for the Bornheim Disserta
tion must be handed in to the proper
authorities has been postponed. The
date is now November 1(3, while the
awards will be announced November
24. The public discussion that ac
companies the contest will take place
upon December 4.
Owing to the difficulty which has
been encountered in the use of the
Library during the period of recon
struction, the time when the manu
scripts for the Bornheim Disserta
tion must be handed in to the proper
authorities has been postponed. The
date is now November 1(3, while the
awards will be announced November
24. The public discussion that ac
companies the contest will take place
upon December 4.
Owing to the difficulty which has
been encountered in the use of the
Library during the period of recon
struction, the time when the manu
scripts for the Bornheim Disserta
tion must be handed in to the proper
authorities has been postponed. The
date is now November 1(3, while the
awards will be announced November
24. The public discussion that ac
companies the contest will take place
upon December 4.
