# Songs of Western Colleges.
## 
### 
Songs of the Western colleges,
compiled by H. G. Lozier, Univer
sity of Chicago, and R. W. Tully,
University of California, has been
issued by Hinds and Noble, New
York. An attempt has been made
to collect all the songs which have
been sung in the colleges through
out the West, not only to reveal
these native Western productions to
the East, but to give to the West
ern alumni a book containing all
the old favorites. Only two Stan
ford songs are included: "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," and "Rush the Ball
Alonu."
Songs of the Western colleges,
compiled by H. G. Lozier, Univer
sity of Chicago, and R. W. Tully,
University of California, has been
issued by Hinds and Noble, New
York. An attempt has been made
to collect all the songs which have
been sung in the colleges through
out the West, not only to reveal
these native Western productions to
the East, but to give to the West
ern alumni a book containing all
the old favorites. Only two Stan
ford songs are included: "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," and "Rush the Ball
Alonu."
Songs of the Western colleges,
compiled by H. G. Lozier, Univer
sity of Chicago, and R. W. Tully,
University of California, has been
issued by Hinds and Noble, New
York. An attempt has been made
to collect all the songs which have
been sung in the colleges through
out the West, not only to reveal
these native Western productions to
the East, but to give to the West
ern alumni a book containing all
the old favorites. Only two Stan
ford songs are included: "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," and "Rush the Ball
Alonu."
Songs of the Western colleges,
compiled by H. G. Lozier, Univer
sity of Chicago, and R. W. Tully,
University of California, has been
issued by Hinds and Noble, New
York. An attempt has been made
to collect all the songs which have
been sung in the colleges through
out the West, not only to reveal
these native Western productions to
the East, but to give to the West
ern alumni a book containing all
the old favorites. Only two Stan
ford songs are included: "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," and "Rush the Ball
Alonu."
Songs of the Western colleges,
compiled by H. G. Lozier, Univer
sity of Chicago, and R. W. Tully,
University of California, has been
issued by Hinds and Noble, New
York. An attempt has been made
to collect all the songs which have
been sung in the colleges through
out the West, not only to reveal
these native Western productions to
the East, but to give to the West
ern alumni a book containing all
the old favorites. Only two Stan
ford songs are included: "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," and "Rush the Ball
Alonu."
Songs of the Western colleges,
compiled by H. G. Lozier, Univer
sity of Chicago, and R. W. Tully,
University of California, has been
issued by Hinds and Noble, New
York. An attempt has been made
to collect all the songs which have
been sung in the colleges through
out the West, not only to reveal
these native Western productions to
the East, but to give to the West
ern alumni a book containing all
the old favorites. Only two Stan
ford songs are included: "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," and "Rush the Ball
Alonu."
Songs of the Western colleges,
compiled by H. G. Lozier, Univer
sity of Chicago, and R. W. Tully,
University of California, has been
issued by Hinds and Noble, New
York. An attempt has been made
to collect all the songs which have
been sung in the colleges through
out the West, not only to reveal
these native Western productions to
the East, but to give to the West
ern alumni a book containing all
the old favorites. Only two Stan
ford songs are included: "Hail,
Stanford, Hail," and "Rush the Ball
Alonu."
