# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—The colored students of the
University of Michigan have formed
themselves into an organization
with the object in view of bringing
to the university students of their
own race who are desirous of ob
taining an education and have not
the means to do so. The associa
tion expects to provide poor stu
dents with work, lodging, books,
etc. —Californi an.
—The colored students of the
University of Michigan have formed
themselves into an organization
with the object in view of bringing
to the university students of their
own race who are desirous of ob
taining an education and have not
the means to do so. The associa
tion expects to provide poor stu
dents with work, lodging, books,
etc. —Californi an.
—The colored students of the
University of Michigan have formed
themselves into an organization
with the object in view of bringing
to the university students of their
own race who are desirous of ob
taining an education and have not
the means to do so. The associa
tion expects to provide poor stu
dents with work, lodging, books,
etc. —Californi an.
—The colored students of the
University of Michigan have formed
themselves into an organization
with the object in view of bringing
to the university students of their
own race who are desirous of ob
taining an education and have not
the means to do so. The associa
tion expects to provide poor stu
dents with work, lodging, books,
etc. —Californi an.
—The colored students of the
University of Michigan have formed
themselves into an organization
with the object in view of bringing
to the university students of their
own race who are desirous of ob
taining an education and have not
the means to do so. The associa
tion expects to provide poor stu
dents with work, lodging, books,
etc. —Californi an.
—The colored students of the
University of Michigan have formed
themselves into an organization
with the object in view of bringing
to the university students of their
own race who are desirous of ob
taining an education and have not
the means to do so. The associa
tion expects to provide poor stu
dents with work, lodging, books,
etc. —Californi an.
—The colored students of the
University of Michigan have formed
themselves into an organization
with the object in view of bringing
to the university students of their
own race who are desirous of ob
taining an education and have not
the means to do so. The associa
tion expects to provide poor stu
dents with work, lodging, books,
etc. —Californi an.
