# Band Shares Time With Navy Team
## 
### 
The Stanford Band will share
part of the Saturday half-time en
tertainment with a Navy drill team.
This outfit has been invited espe
cially in honor of Navy Day.
Because of the popularity of the
band stunts used at the Los Ange
les Coliseum two weeks ago, the
band will show the Bay Area fans
the "Injun Band in Circus Land."
Included in the stunt are a merry
go-round with horses and a toy
cannon which shoots a human can
nonball into a revolving target.
Added to these formations will be
a large anchor portraying the Navy
emblem.
Since the University of Washing
ton is not sending its band to the
game, the Indian musicians will
play music for both teams.
The Stanford Band will share
part of the Saturday half-time en
tertainment with a Navy drill team.
This outfit has been invited espe
cially in honor of Navy Day.
Because of the popularity of the
band stunts used at the Los Ange
les Coliseum two weeks ago, the
band will show the Bay Area fans
the "Injun Band in Circus Land."
Included in the stunt are a merry
go-round with horses and a toy
cannon which shoots a human can
nonball into a revolving target.
Added to these formations will be
a large anchor portraying the Navy
emblem.
Since the University of Washing
ton is not sending its band to the
game, the Indian musicians will
play music for both teams.
The Stanford Band will share
part of the Saturday half-time en
tertainment with a Navy drill team.
This outfit has been invited espe
cially in honor of Navy Day.
Because of the popularity of the
band stunts used at the Los Ange
les Coliseum two weeks ago, the
band will show the Bay Area fans
the "Injun Band in Circus Land."
Included in the stunt are a merry
go-round with horses and a toy
cannon which shoots a human can
nonball into a revolving target.
Added to these formations will be
a large anchor portraying the Navy
emblem.
Since the University of Washing
ton is not sending its band to the
game, the Indian musicians will
play music for both teams.
The Stanford Band will share
part of the Saturday half-time en
tertainment with a Navy drill team.
This outfit has been invited espe
cially in honor of Navy Day.
Because of the popularity of the
band stunts used at the Los Ange
les Coliseum two weeks ago, the
band will show the Bay Area fans
the "Injun Band in Circus Land."
Included in the stunt are a merry
go-round with horses and a toy
cannon which shoots a human can
nonball into a revolving target.
Added to these formations will be
a large anchor portraying the Navy
emblem.
Since the University of Washing
ton is not sending its band to the
game, the Indian musicians will
play music for both teams.
The Stanford Band will share
part of the Saturday half-time en
tertainment with a Navy drill team.
This outfit has been invited espe
cially in honor of Navy Day.
Because of the popularity of the
band stunts used at the Los Ange
les Coliseum two weeks ago, the
band will show the Bay Area fans
the "Injun Band in Circus Land."
Included in the stunt are a merry
go-round with horses and a toy
cannon which shoots a human can
nonball into a revolving target.
Added to these formations will be
a large anchor portraying the Navy
emblem.
Since the University of Washing
ton is not sending its band to the
game, the Indian musicians will
play music for both teams.
The Stanford Band will share
part of the Saturday half-time en
tertainment with a Navy drill team.
This outfit has been invited espe
cially in honor of Navy Day.
Because of the popularity of the
band stunts used at the Los Ange
les Coliseum two weeks ago, the
band will show the Bay Area fans
the "Injun Band in Circus Land."
Included in the stunt are a merry
go-round with horses and a toy
cannon which shoots a human can
nonball into a revolving target.
Added to these formations will be
a large anchor portraying the Navy
emblem.
Since the University of Washing
ton is not sending its band to the
game, the Indian musicians will
play music for both teams.
The Stanford Band will share
part of the Saturday half-time en
tertainment with a Navy drill team.
This outfit has been invited espe
cially in honor of Navy Day.
Because of the popularity of the
band stunts used at the Los Ange
les Coliseum two weeks ago, the
band will show the Bay Area fans
the "Injun Band in Circus Land."
Included in the stunt are a merry
go-round with horses and a toy
cannon which shoots a human can
nonball into a revolving target.
Added to these formations will be
a large anchor portraying the Navy
emblem.
Since the University of Washing
ton is not sending its band to the
game, the Indian musicians will
play music for both teams.
The Stanford Band will share
part of the Saturday half-time en
tertainment with a Navy drill team.
This outfit has been invited espe
cially in honor of Navy Day.
Because of the popularity of the
band stunts used at the Los Ange
les Coliseum two weeks ago, the
band will show the Bay Area fans
the "Injun Band in Circus Land."
Included in the stunt are a merry
go-round with horses and a toy
cannon which shoots a human can
nonball into a revolving target.
Added to these formations will be
a large anchor portraying the Navy
emblem.
Since the University of Washing
ton is not sending its band to the
game, the Indian musicians will
play music for both teams.
The Stanford Band will share
part of the Saturday half-time en
tertainment with a Navy drill team.
This outfit has been invited espe
cially in honor of Navy Day.
Because of the popularity of the
band stunts used at the Los Ange
les Coliseum two weeks ago, the
band will show the Bay Area fans
the "Injun Band in Circus Land."
Included in the stunt are a merry
go-round with horses and a toy
cannon which shoots a human can
nonball into a revolving target.
Added to these formations will be
a large anchor portraying the Navy
emblem.
Since the University of Washing
ton is not sending its band to the
game, the Indian musicians will
play music for both teams.
The Stanford Band will share
part of the Saturday half-time en
tertainment with a Navy drill team.
This outfit has been invited espe
cially in honor of Navy Day.
Because of the popularity of the
band stunts used at the Los Ange
les Coliseum two weeks ago, the
band will show the Bay Area fans
the "Injun Band in Circus Land."
Included in the stunt are a merry
go-round with horses and a toy
cannon which shoots a human can
nonball into a revolving target.
Added to these formations will be
a large anchor portraying the Navy
emblem.
Since the University of Washing
ton is not sending its band to the
game, the Indian musicians will
play music for both teams.
The Stanford Band will share
part of the Saturday half-time en
tertainment with a Navy drill team.
This outfit has been invited espe
cially in honor of Navy Day.
Because of the popularity of the
band stunts used at the Los Ange
les Coliseum two weeks ago, the
band will show the Bay Area fans
the "Injun Band in Circus Land."
Included in the stunt are a merry
go-round with horses and a toy
cannon which shoots a human can
nonball into a revolving target.
Added to these formations will be
a large anchor portraying the Navy
emblem.
Since the University of Washing
ton is not sending its band to the
game, the Indian musicians will
play music for both teams.
The Stanford Band will share
part of the Saturday half-time en
tertainment with a Navy drill team.
This outfit has been invited espe
cially in honor of Navy Day.
Because of the popularity of the
band stunts used at the Los Ange
les Coliseum two weeks ago, the
band will show the Bay Area fans
the "Injun Band in Circus Land."
Included in the stunt are a merry
go-round with horses and a toy
cannon which shoots a human can
nonball into a revolving target.
Added to these formations will be
a large anchor portraying the Navy
emblem.
Since the University of Washing
ton is not sending its band to the
game, the Indian musicians will
play music for both teams.
The Stanford Band will share
part of the Saturday half-time en
tertainment with a Navy drill team.
This outfit has been invited espe
cially in honor of Navy Day.
Because of the popularity of the
band stunts used at the Los Ange
les Coliseum two weeks ago, the
band will show the Bay Area fans
the "Injun Band in Circus Land."
Included in the stunt are a merry
go-round with horses and a toy
cannon which shoots a human can
nonball into a revolving target.
Added to these formations will be
a large anchor portraying the Navy
emblem.
Since the University of Washing
ton is not sending its band to the
game, the Indian musicians will
play music for both teams.
The Stanford Band will share
part of the Saturday half-time en
tertainment with a Navy drill team.
This outfit has been invited espe
cially in honor of Navy Day.
Because of the popularity of the
band stunts used at the Los Ange
les Coliseum two weeks ago, the
band will show the Bay Area fans
the "Injun Band in Circus Land."
Included in the stunt are a merry
go-round with horses and a toy
cannon which shoots a human can
nonball into a revolving target.
Added to these formations will be
a large anchor portraying the Navy
emblem.
Since the University of Washing
ton is not sending its band to the
game, the Indian musicians will
play music for both teams.
The Stanford Band will share
part of the Saturday half-time en
tertainment with a Navy drill team.
This outfit has been invited espe
cially in honor of Navy Day.
Because of the popularity of the
band stunts used at the Los Ange
les Coliseum two weeks ago, the
band will show the Bay Area fans
the "Injun Band in Circus Land."
Included in the stunt are a merry
go-round with horses and a toy
cannon which shoots a human can
nonball into a revolving target.
Added to these formations will be
a large anchor portraying the Navy
emblem.
Since the University of Washing
ton is not sending its band to the
game, the Indian musicians will
play music for both teams.
The Stanford Band will share
part of the Saturday half-time en
tertainment with a Navy drill team.
This outfit has been invited espe
cially in honor of Navy Day.
Because of the popularity of the
band stunts used at the Los Ange
les Coliseum two weeks ago, the
band will show the Bay Area fans
the "Injun Band in Circus Land."
Included in the stunt are a merry
go-round with horses and a toy
cannon which shoots a human can
nonball into a revolving target.
Added to these formations will be
a large anchor portraying the Navy
emblem.
Since the University of Washing
ton is not sending its band to the
game, the Indian musicians will
play music for both teams.
