# Untitled Article
## 
### 

DANCING IN PLAZA—A Polish folk dance is per
formed in Rockefeller Plaza, New York, as part of

a program during the city's observance of United
Nations Week.

DANCING IN PLAZA—A Polish folk dance is per
formed in Rockefeller Plaza, New York, as part of

a program during the city's observance of United
Nations Week.

DANCING IN PLAZA—A Polish folk dance is per
formed in Rockefeller Plaza, New York, as part of

a program during the city's observance of United
Nations Week.

DANCING IN PLAZA—A Polish folk dance is per
formed in Rockefeller Plaza, New York, as part of

a program during the city's observance of United
Nations Week.

DANCING IN PLAZA—A Polish folk dance is per
formed in Rockefeller Plaza, New York, as part of

a program during the city's observance of United
Nations Week.

DANCING IN PLAZA—A Polish folk dance is per
formed in Rockefeller Plaza, New York, as part of

a program during the city's observance of United
Nations Week.

DANCING IN PLAZA—A Polish folk dance is per
formed in Rockefeller Plaza, New York, as part of

a program during the city's observance of United
Nations Week.

DANCING IN PLAZA—A Polish folk dance is per
formed in Rockefeller Plaza, New York, as part of

a program during the city's observance of United
Nations Week.

DANCING IN PLAZA—A Polish folk dance is per
formed in Rockefeller Plaza, New York, as part of

a program during the city's observance of United
Nations Week.

DANCING IN PLAZA—A Polish folk dance is per
formed in Rockefeller Plaza, New York, as part of

a program during the city's observance of United
Nations Week.

DANCING IN PLAZA—A Polish folk dance is per
formed in Rockefeller Plaza, New York, as part of

a program during the city's observance of United
Nations Week.

DANCING IN PLAZA—A Polish folk dance is per
formed in Rockefeller Plaza, New York, as part of

a program during the city's observance of United
Nations Week.

DANCING IN PLAZA—A Polish folk dance is per
formed in Rockefeller Plaza, New York, as part of

a program during the city's observance of United
Nations Week.

DANCING IN PLAZA—A Polish folk dance is per
formed in Rockefeller Plaza, New York, as part of

a program during the city's observance of United
Nations Week.

DANCING IN PLAZA—A Polish folk dance is per
formed in Rockefeller Plaza, New York, as part of

a program during the city's observance of United
Nations Week.

DANCING IN PLAZA—A Polish folk dance is per
formed in Rockefeller Plaza, New York, as part of

a program during the city's observance of United
Nations Week.
