# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Sponsors for freshman halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923.
Sponsors for freshman halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923.
Sponsors for freshman halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923.
Sponsors for freshman halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923.
Sponsors for freshman halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923.
Sponsors for freshman halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923.
Sponsors for freshman halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923.
Sponsors for freshman halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923.
Sponsors for freshman halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923.
Sponsors for freshman halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923.
Sponsors for freshman halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923.
Sponsors for freshman halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923.
Sponsors for freshman halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923.
Sponsors for freshman halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923.
Sponsors for freshman halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923.
Sponsors for freshman halls were
first introduced at Stanford in 1923.
