# Meyer Named As 'Manager of Year'
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (,Pi. Billy
Meyer, freshman pilot of the Pitts
burgh Pirates, is the major leagues'
"manager of the year."
The popular skipper of the Buc
caneers won the honor in an Asso
ciated Press poll of 220 baseball
writers throughout the country.
Meyer, who led the Pirates to a
surprising fourth - place finish in
the National League pennant race,
nosed out Billy Southworth of the
Hag-winning Boston Braves for the
honor. Meyer received 89 votes to
Southworth's 87.
Meyer gained the top ranking be
cause of his excellent job in boss
ing the Pirates into the first divi
sion virtually the same club that
finished in a last - place tie with
Philadelphia in 1947.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (,Pi. Billy
Meyer, freshman pilot of the Pitts
burgh Pirates, is the major leagues'
"manager of the year."
The popular skipper of the Buc
caneers won the honor in an Asso
ciated Press poll of 220 baseball
writers throughout the country.
Meyer, who led the Pirates to a
surprising fourth - place finish in
the National League pennant race,
nosed out Billy Southworth of the
Hag-winning Boston Braves for the
honor. Meyer received 89 votes to
Southworth's 87.
Meyer gained the top ranking be
cause of his excellent job in boss
ing the Pirates into the first divi
sion virtually the same club that
finished in a last - place tie with
Philadelphia in 1947.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (,Pi. Billy
Meyer, freshman pilot of the Pitts
burgh Pirates, is the major leagues'
"manager of the year."
The popular skipper of the Buc
caneers won the honor in an Asso
ciated Press poll of 220 baseball
writers throughout the country.
Meyer, who led the Pirates to a
surprising fourth - place finish in
the National League pennant race,
nosed out Billy Southworth of the
Hag-winning Boston Braves for the
honor. Meyer received 89 votes to
Southworth's 87.
Meyer gained the top ranking be
cause of his excellent job in boss
ing the Pirates into the first divi
sion virtually the same club that
finished in a last - place tie with
Philadelphia in 1947.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (,Pi. Billy
Meyer, freshman pilot of the Pitts
burgh Pirates, is the major leagues'
"manager of the year."
The popular skipper of the Buc
caneers won the honor in an Asso
ciated Press poll of 220 baseball
writers throughout the country.
Meyer, who led the Pirates to a
surprising fourth - place finish in
the National League pennant race,
nosed out Billy Southworth of the
Hag-winning Boston Braves for the
honor. Meyer received 89 votes to
Southworth's 87.
Meyer gained the top ranking be
cause of his excellent job in boss
ing the Pirates into the first divi
sion virtually the same club that
finished in a last - place tie with
Philadelphia in 1947.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (,Pi. Billy
Meyer, freshman pilot of the Pitts
burgh Pirates, is the major leagues'
"manager of the year."
The popular skipper of the Buc
caneers won the honor in an Asso
ciated Press poll of 220 baseball
writers throughout the country.
Meyer, who led the Pirates to a
surprising fourth - place finish in
the National League pennant race,
nosed out Billy Southworth of the
Hag-winning Boston Braves for the
honor. Meyer received 89 votes to
Southworth's 87.
Meyer gained the top ranking be
cause of his excellent job in boss
ing the Pirates into the first divi
sion virtually the same club that
finished in a last - place tie with
Philadelphia in 1947.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (,Pi. Billy
Meyer, freshman pilot of the Pitts
burgh Pirates, is the major leagues'
"manager of the year."
The popular skipper of the Buc
caneers won the honor in an Asso
ciated Press poll of 220 baseball
writers throughout the country.
Meyer, who led the Pirates to a
surprising fourth - place finish in
the National League pennant race,
nosed out Billy Southworth of the
Hag-winning Boston Braves for the
honor. Meyer received 89 votes to
Southworth's 87.
Meyer gained the top ranking be
cause of his excellent job in boss
ing the Pirates into the first divi
sion virtually the same club that
finished in a last - place tie with
Philadelphia in 1947.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (,Pi. Billy
Meyer, freshman pilot of the Pitts
burgh Pirates, is the major leagues'
"manager of the year."
The popular skipper of the Buc
caneers won the honor in an Asso
ciated Press poll of 220 baseball
writers throughout the country.
Meyer, who led the Pirates to a
surprising fourth - place finish in
the National League pennant race,
nosed out Billy Southworth of the
Hag-winning Boston Braves for the
honor. Meyer received 89 votes to
Southworth's 87.
Meyer gained the top ranking be
cause of his excellent job in boss
ing the Pirates into the first divi
sion virtually the same club that
finished in a last - place tie with
Philadelphia in 1947.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (,Pi. Billy
Meyer, freshman pilot of the Pitts
burgh Pirates, is the major leagues'
"manager of the year."
The popular skipper of the Buc
caneers won the honor in an Asso
ciated Press poll of 220 baseball
writers throughout the country.
Meyer, who led the Pirates to a
surprising fourth - place finish in
the National League pennant race,
nosed out Billy Southworth of the
Hag-winning Boston Braves for the
honor. Meyer received 89 votes to
Southworth's 87.
Meyer gained the top ranking be
cause of his excellent job in boss
ing the Pirates into the first divi
sion virtually the same club that
finished in a last - place tie with
Philadelphia in 1947.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (,Pi. Billy
Meyer, freshman pilot of the Pitts
burgh Pirates, is the major leagues'
"manager of the year."
The popular skipper of the Buc
caneers won the honor in an Asso
ciated Press poll of 220 baseball
writers throughout the country.
Meyer, who led the Pirates to a
surprising fourth - place finish in
the National League pennant race,
nosed out Billy Southworth of the
Hag-winning Boston Braves for the
honor. Meyer received 89 votes to
Southworth's 87.
Meyer gained the top ranking be
cause of his excellent job in boss
ing the Pirates into the first divi
sion virtually the same club that
finished in a last - place tie with
Philadelphia in 1947.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (,Pi. Billy
Meyer, freshman pilot of the Pitts
burgh Pirates, is the major leagues'
"manager of the year."
The popular skipper of the Buc
caneers won the honor in an Asso
ciated Press poll of 220 baseball
writers throughout the country.
Meyer, who led the Pirates to a
surprising fourth - place finish in
the National League pennant race,
nosed out Billy Southworth of the
Hag-winning Boston Braves for the
honor. Meyer received 89 votes to
Southworth's 87.
Meyer gained the top ranking be
cause of his excellent job in boss
ing the Pirates into the first divi
sion virtually the same club that
finished in a last - place tie with
Philadelphia in 1947.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (,Pi. Billy
Meyer, freshman pilot of the Pitts
burgh Pirates, is the major leagues'
"manager of the year."
The popular skipper of the Buc
caneers won the honor in an Asso
ciated Press poll of 220 baseball
writers throughout the country.
Meyer, who led the Pirates to a
surprising fourth - place finish in
the National League pennant race,
nosed out Billy Southworth of the
Hag-winning Boston Braves for the
honor. Meyer received 89 votes to
Southworth's 87.
Meyer gained the top ranking be
cause of his excellent job in boss
ing the Pirates into the first divi
sion virtually the same club that
finished in a last - place tie with
Philadelphia in 1947.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (,Pi. Billy
Meyer, freshman pilot of the Pitts
burgh Pirates, is the major leagues'
"manager of the year."
The popular skipper of the Buc
caneers won the honor in an Asso
ciated Press poll of 220 baseball
writers throughout the country.
Meyer, who led the Pirates to a
surprising fourth - place finish in
the National League pennant race,
nosed out Billy Southworth of the
Hag-winning Boston Braves for the
honor. Meyer received 89 votes to
Southworth's 87.
Meyer gained the top ranking be
cause of his excellent job in boss
ing the Pirates into the first divi
sion virtually the same club that
finished in a last - place tie with
Philadelphia in 1947.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (,Pi. Billy
Meyer, freshman pilot of the Pitts
burgh Pirates, is the major leagues'
"manager of the year."
The popular skipper of the Buc
caneers won the honor in an Asso
ciated Press poll of 220 baseball
writers throughout the country.
Meyer, who led the Pirates to a
surprising fourth - place finish in
the National League pennant race,
nosed out Billy Southworth of the
Hag-winning Boston Braves for the
honor. Meyer received 89 votes to
Southworth's 87.
Meyer gained the top ranking be
cause of his excellent job in boss
ing the Pirates into the first divi
sion virtually the same club that
finished in a last - place tie with
Philadelphia in 1947.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (,Pi. Billy
Meyer, freshman pilot of the Pitts
burgh Pirates, is the major leagues'
"manager of the year."
The popular skipper of the Buc
caneers won the honor in an Asso
ciated Press poll of 220 baseball
writers throughout the country.
Meyer, who led the Pirates to a
surprising fourth - place finish in
the National League pennant race,
nosed out Billy Southworth of the
Hag-winning Boston Braves for the
honor. Meyer received 89 votes to
Southworth's 87.
Meyer gained the top ranking be
cause of his excellent job in boss
ing the Pirates into the first divi
sion virtually the same club that
finished in a last - place tie with
Philadelphia in 1947.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (,Pi. Billy
Meyer, freshman pilot of the Pitts
burgh Pirates, is the major leagues'
"manager of the year."
The popular skipper of the Buc
caneers won the honor in an Asso
ciated Press poll of 220 baseball
writers throughout the country.
Meyer, who led the Pirates to a
surprising fourth - place finish in
the National League pennant race,
nosed out Billy Southworth of the
Hag-winning Boston Braves for the
honor. Meyer received 89 votes to
Southworth's 87.
Meyer gained the top ranking be
cause of his excellent job in boss
ing the Pirates into the first divi
sion virtually the same club that
finished in a last - place tie with
Philadelphia in 1947.
NEW YORK, Oct. 27 (,Pi. Billy
Meyer, freshman pilot of the Pitts
burgh Pirates, is the major leagues'
"manager of the year."
The popular skipper of the Buc
caneers won the honor in an Asso
ciated Press poll of 220 baseball
writers throughout the country.
Meyer, who led the Pirates to a
surprising fourth - place finish in
the National League pennant race,
nosed out Billy Southworth of the
Hag-winning Boston Braves for the
honor. Meyer received 89 votes to
Southworth's 87.
Meyer gained the top ranking be
cause of his excellent job in boss
ing the Pirates into the first divi
sion virtually the same club that
finished in a last - place tie with
Philadelphia in 1947.
