# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Bill Leiser and Jack Spencer,
sports editors of two San Francisco
dailies, are Stanford alumni. Spen
cer was a crack 440 man while he
attended Stanford.

Lt. Col. Jack Fitzgerald, head of
Stanford's Air ROTC program, al
most tied Bud Brownell's course
record on the University links this
past summer when he fired a seven
under par 64.
Bill Leiser and Jack Spencer,
sports editors of two San Francisco
dailies, are Stanford alumni. Spen
cer was a crack 440 man while he
attended Stanford.

Lt. Col. Jack Fitzgerald, head of
Stanford's Air ROTC program, al
most tied Bud Brownell's course
record on the University links this
past summer when he fired a seven
under par 64.
Bill Leiser and Jack Spencer,
sports editors of two San Francisco
dailies, are Stanford alumni. Spen
cer was a crack 440 man while he
attended Stanford.

Lt. Col. Jack Fitzgerald, head of
Stanford's Air ROTC program, al
most tied Bud Brownell's course
record on the University links this
past summer when he fired a seven
under par 64.
Bill Leiser and Jack Spencer,
sports editors of two San Francisco
dailies, are Stanford alumni. Spen
cer was a crack 440 man while he
attended Stanford.

Lt. Col. Jack Fitzgerald, head of
Stanford's Air ROTC program, al
most tied Bud Brownell's course
record on the University links this
past summer when he fired a seven
under par 64.
Bill Leiser and Jack Spencer,
sports editors of two San Francisco
dailies, are Stanford alumni. Spen
cer was a crack 440 man while he
attended Stanford.

Lt. Col. Jack Fitzgerald, head of
Stanford's Air ROTC program, al
most tied Bud Brownell's course
record on the University links this
past summer when he fired a seven
under par 64.
Bill Leiser and Jack Spencer,
sports editors of two San Francisco
dailies, are Stanford alumni. Spen
cer was a crack 440 man while he
attended Stanford.

Lt. Col. Jack Fitzgerald, head of
Stanford's Air ROTC program, al
most tied Bud Brownell's course
record on the University links this
past summer when he fired a seven
under par 64.
Bill Leiser and Jack Spencer,
sports editors of two San Francisco
dailies, are Stanford alumni. Spen
cer was a crack 440 man while he
attended Stanford.

Lt. Col. Jack Fitzgerald, head of
Stanford's Air ROTC program, al
most tied Bud Brownell's course
record on the University links this
past summer when he fired a seven
under par 64.
Bill Leiser and Jack Spencer,
sports editors of two San Francisco
dailies, are Stanford alumni. Spen
cer was a crack 440 man while he
attended Stanford.

Lt. Col. Jack Fitzgerald, head of
Stanford's Air ROTC program, al
most tied Bud Brownell's course
record on the University links this
past summer when he fired a seven
under par 64.
Bill Leiser and Jack Spencer,
sports editors of two San Francisco
dailies, are Stanford alumni. Spen
cer was a crack 440 man while he
attended Stanford.

Lt. Col. Jack Fitzgerald, head of
Stanford's Air ROTC program, al
most tied Bud Brownell's course
record on the University links this
past summer when he fired a seven
under par 64.
Bill Leiser and Jack Spencer,
sports editors of two San Francisco
dailies, are Stanford alumni. Spen
cer was a crack 440 man while he
attended Stanford.

Lt. Col. Jack Fitzgerald, head of
Stanford's Air ROTC program, al
most tied Bud Brownell's course
record on the University links this
past summer when he fired a seven
under par 64.
Bill Leiser and Jack Spencer,
sports editors of two San Francisco
dailies, are Stanford alumni. Spen
cer was a crack 440 man while he
attended Stanford.

Lt. Col. Jack Fitzgerald, head of
Stanford's Air ROTC program, al
most tied Bud Brownell's course
record on the University links this
past summer when he fired a seven
under par 64.
Bill Leiser and Jack Spencer,
sports editors of two San Francisco
dailies, are Stanford alumni. Spen
cer was a crack 440 man while he
attended Stanford.

Lt. Col. Jack Fitzgerald, head of
Stanford's Air ROTC program, al
most tied Bud Brownell's course
record on the University links this
past summer when he fired a seven
under par 64.
Bill Leiser and Jack Spencer,
sports editors of two San Francisco
dailies, are Stanford alumni. Spen
cer was a crack 440 man while he
attended Stanford.

Lt. Col. Jack Fitzgerald, head of
Stanford's Air ROTC program, al
most tied Bud Brownell's course
record on the University links this
past summer when he fired a seven
under par 64.
Bill Leiser and Jack Spencer,
sports editors of two San Francisco
dailies, are Stanford alumni. Spen
cer was a crack 440 man while he
attended Stanford.

Lt. Col. Jack Fitzgerald, head of
Stanford's Air ROTC program, al
most tied Bud Brownell's course
record on the University links this
past summer when he fired a seven
under par 64.
Bill Leiser and Jack Spencer,
sports editors of two San Francisco
dailies, are Stanford alumni. Spen
cer was a crack 440 man while he
attended Stanford.

Lt. Col. Jack Fitzgerald, head of
Stanford's Air ROTC program, al
most tied Bud Brownell's course
record on the University links this
past summer when he fired a seven
under par 64.
Bill Leiser and Jack Spencer,
sports editors of two San Francisco
dailies, are Stanford alumni. Spen
cer was a crack 440 man while he
attended Stanford.

Lt. Col. Jack Fitzgerald, head of
Stanford's Air ROTC program, al
most tied Bud Brownell's course
record on the University links this
past summer when he fired a seven
under par 64.
