# UNDER THE WEATHER
## 
### 
Women's Rest Home—Alice John
son.
Men's Rest Home — Louis Pen
nington, Arthur Cunningham, Jo
seph Abrahamson, Madison Cob
!entz.
Palo Alto Hospital—Shirley Bun
nel, Norman Miller, Donna Joan
Fisher, Edward Amende, Melvin
Gundlack.
Women's Rest Home—Alice John
son.
Men's Rest Home — Louis Pen
nington, Arthur Cunningham, Jo
seph Abrahamson, Madison Cob
!entz.
Palo Alto Hospital—Shirley Bun
nel, Norman Miller, Donna Joan
Fisher, Edward Amende, Melvin
Gundlack.
Women's Rest Home—Alice John
son.
Men's Rest Home — Louis Pen
nington, Arthur Cunningham, Jo
seph Abrahamson, Madison Cob
!entz.
Palo Alto Hospital—Shirley Bun
nel, Norman Miller, Donna Joan
Fisher, Edward Amende, Melvin
Gundlack.
Women's Rest Home—Alice John
son.
Men's Rest Home — Louis Pen
nington, Arthur Cunningham, Jo
seph Abrahamson, Madison Cob
!entz.
Palo Alto Hospital—Shirley Bun
nel, Norman Miller, Donna Joan
Fisher, Edward Amende, Melvin
Gundlack.
Women's Rest Home—Alice John
son.
Men's Rest Home — Louis Pen
nington, Arthur Cunningham, Jo
seph Abrahamson, Madison Cob
!entz.
Palo Alto Hospital—Shirley Bun
nel, Norman Miller, Donna Joan
Fisher, Edward Amende, Melvin
Gundlack.
Women's Rest Home—Alice John
son.
Men's Rest Home — Louis Pen
nington, Arthur Cunningham, Jo
seph Abrahamson, Madison Cob
!entz.
Palo Alto Hospital—Shirley Bun
nel, Norman Miller, Donna Joan
Fisher, Edward Amende, Melvin
Gundlack.
Women's Rest Home—Alice John
son.
Men's Rest Home — Louis Pen
nington, Arthur Cunningham, Jo
seph Abrahamson, Madison Cob
!entz.
Palo Alto Hospital—Shirley Bun
nel, Norman Miller, Donna Joan
Fisher, Edward Amende, Melvin
Gundlack.
Women's Rest Home—Alice John
son.
Men's Rest Home — Louis Pen
nington, Arthur Cunningham, Jo
seph Abrahamson, Madison Cob
!entz.
Palo Alto Hospital—Shirley Bun
nel, Norman Miller, Donna Joan
Fisher, Edward Amende, Melvin
Gundlack.
Women's Rest Home—Alice John
son.
Men's Rest Home — Louis Pen
nington, Arthur Cunningham, Jo
seph Abrahamson, Madison Cob
!entz.
Palo Alto Hospital—Shirley Bun
nel, Norman Miller, Donna Joan
Fisher, Edward Amende, Melvin
Gundlack.
Women's Rest Home—Alice John
son.
Men's Rest Home — Louis Pen
nington, Arthur Cunningham, Jo
seph Abrahamson, Madison Cob
!entz.
Palo Alto Hospital—Shirley Bun
nel, Norman Miller, Donna Joan
Fisher, Edward Amende, Melvin
Gundlack.
Women's Rest Home—Alice John
son.
Men's Rest Home — Louis Pen
nington, Arthur Cunningham, Jo
seph Abrahamson, Madison Cob
!entz.
Palo Alto Hospital—Shirley Bun
nel, Norman Miller, Donna Joan
Fisher, Edward Amende, Melvin
Gundlack.
Women's Rest Home—Alice John
son.
Men's Rest Home — Louis Pen
nington, Arthur Cunningham, Jo
seph Abrahamson, Madison Cob
!entz.
Palo Alto Hospital—Shirley Bun
nel, Norman Miller, Donna Joan
Fisher, Edward Amende, Melvin
Gundlack.
Women's Rest Home—Alice John
son.
Men's Rest Home — Louis Pen
nington, Arthur Cunningham, Jo
seph Abrahamson, Madison Cob
!entz.
Palo Alto Hospital—Shirley Bun
nel, Norman Miller, Donna Joan
Fisher, Edward Amende, Melvin
Gundlack.
Women's Rest Home—Alice John
son.
Men's Rest Home — Louis Pen
nington, Arthur Cunningham, Jo
seph Abrahamson, Madison Cob
!entz.
Palo Alto Hospital—Shirley Bun
nel, Norman Miller, Donna Joan
Fisher, Edward Amende, Melvin
Gundlack.
Women's Rest Home—Alice John
son.
Men's Rest Home — Louis Pen
nington, Arthur Cunningham, Jo
seph Abrahamson, Madison Cob
!entz.
Palo Alto Hospital—Shirley Bun
nel, Norman Miller, Donna Joan
Fisher, Edward Amende, Melvin
Gundlack.
Women's Rest Home—Alice John
son.
Men's Rest Home — Louis Pen
nington, Arthur Cunningham, Jo
seph Abrahamson, Madison Cob
!entz.
Palo Alto Hospital—Shirley Bun
nel, Norman Miller, Donna Joan
Fisher, Edward Amende, Melvin
Gundlack.
