# Medical Aptitude Test Given This Afternoon
## 
### 
The Medical Aptitude Test spon
sored l>,v the Association of Ameri
can Medical Colleges will be given
this afternoon at 2 p.m. in room
211. A two dollar fee will be col
lectd at the exam.
Although this test is not re
quird for entrance to the Stanford
Medical School, applicants for en
trance to other medical colleges in
1046 arc urged to take the test
this afternoon.
The Medical Aptitude Test spon
sored l>,v the Association of Ameri
can Medical Colleges will be given
this afternoon at 2 p.m. in room
211. A two dollar fee will be col
lectd at the exam.
Although this test is not re
quird for entrance to the Stanford
Medical School, applicants for en
trance to other medical colleges in
1046 arc urged to take the test
this afternoon.
The Medical Aptitude Test spon
sored l>,v the Association of Ameri
can Medical Colleges will be given
this afternoon at 2 p.m. in room
211. A two dollar fee will be col
lectd at the exam.
Although this test is not re
quird for entrance to the Stanford
Medical School, applicants for en
trance to other medical colleges in
1046 arc urged to take the test
this afternoon.
The Medical Aptitude Test spon
sored l>,v the Association of Ameri
can Medical Colleges will be given
this afternoon at 2 p.m. in room
211. A two dollar fee will be col
lectd at the exam.
Although this test is not re
quird for entrance to the Stanford
Medical School, applicants for en
trance to other medical colleges in
1046 arc urged to take the test
this afternoon.
The Medical Aptitude Test spon
sored l>,v the Association of Ameri
can Medical Colleges will be given
this afternoon at 2 p.m. in room
211. A two dollar fee will be col
lectd at the exam.
Although this test is not re
quird for entrance to the Stanford
Medical School, applicants for en
trance to other medical colleges in
1046 arc urged to take the test
this afternoon.
The Medical Aptitude Test spon
sored l>,v the Association of Ameri
can Medical Colleges will be given
this afternoon at 2 p.m. in room
211. A two dollar fee will be col
lectd at the exam.
Although this test is not re
quird for entrance to the Stanford
Medical School, applicants for en
trance to other medical colleges in
1046 arc urged to take the test
this afternoon.
The Medical Aptitude Test spon
sored l>,v the Association of Ameri
can Medical Colleges will be given
this afternoon at 2 p.m. in room
211. A two dollar fee will be col
lectd at the exam.
Although this test is not re
quird for entrance to the Stanford
Medical School, applicants for en
trance to other medical colleges in
1046 arc urged to take the test
this afternoon.
The Medical Aptitude Test spon
sored l>,v the Association of Ameri
can Medical Colleges will be given
this afternoon at 2 p.m. in room
211. A two dollar fee will be col
lectd at the exam.
Although this test is not re
quird for entrance to the Stanford
Medical School, applicants for en
trance to other medical colleges in
1046 arc urged to take the test
this afternoon.
The Medical Aptitude Test spon
sored l>,v the Association of Ameri
can Medical Colleges will be given
this afternoon at 2 p.m. in room
211. A two dollar fee will be col
lectd at the exam.
Although this test is not re
quird for entrance to the Stanford
Medical School, applicants for en
trance to other medical colleges in
1046 arc urged to take the test
this afternoon.
The Medical Aptitude Test spon
sored l>,v the Association of Ameri
can Medical Colleges will be given
this afternoon at 2 p.m. in room
211. A two dollar fee will be col
lectd at the exam.
Although this test is not re
quird for entrance to the Stanford
Medical School, applicants for en
trance to other medical colleges in
1046 arc urged to take the test
this afternoon.
The Medical Aptitude Test spon
sored l>,v the Association of Ameri
can Medical Colleges will be given
this afternoon at 2 p.m. in room
211. A two dollar fee will be col
lectd at the exam.
Although this test is not re
quird for entrance to the Stanford
Medical School, applicants for en
trance to other medical colleges in
1046 arc urged to take the test
this afternoon.
The Medical Aptitude Test spon
sored l>,v the Association of Ameri
can Medical Colleges will be given
this afternoon at 2 p.m. in room
211. A two dollar fee will be col
lectd at the exam.
Although this test is not re
quird for entrance to the Stanford
Medical School, applicants for en
trance to other medical colleges in
1046 arc urged to take the test
this afternoon.
The Medical Aptitude Test spon
sored l>,v the Association of Ameri
can Medical Colleges will be given
this afternoon at 2 p.m. in room
211. A two dollar fee will be col
lectd at the exam.
Although this test is not re
quird for entrance to the Stanford
Medical School, applicants for en
trance to other medical colleges in
1046 arc urged to take the test
this afternoon.
The Medical Aptitude Test spon
sored l>,v the Association of Ameri
can Medical Colleges will be given
this afternoon at 2 p.m. in room
211. A two dollar fee will be col
lectd at the exam.
Although this test is not re
quird for entrance to the Stanford
Medical School, applicants for en
trance to other medical colleges in
1046 arc urged to take the test
this afternoon.
The Medical Aptitude Test spon
sored l>,v the Association of Ameri
can Medical Colleges will be given
this afternoon at 2 p.m. in room
211. A two dollar fee will be col
lectd at the exam.
Although this test is not re
quird for entrance to the Stanford
Medical School, applicants for en
trance to other medical colleges in
1046 arc urged to take the test
this afternoon.
