# Untitled Article
## 
### 

By United Press
President Truman was asked by 15,000 American soldiers to intervene in demobilization controversy which
rages in all areas where U. is. troops are stationed. Boxing ring at Hickam airfield, near Honolulu, wai
used for platform in nizht Drotest meeting'.

By United Press
President Truman was asked by 15,000 American soldiers to intervene in demobilization controversy which
rages in all areas where U. is. troops are stationed. Boxing ring at Hickam airfield, near Honolulu, wai
used for platform in nizht Drotest meeting'.

By United Press
President Truman was asked by 15,000 American soldiers to intervene in demobilization controversy which
rages in all areas where U. is. troops are stationed. Boxing ring at Hickam airfield, near Honolulu, wai
used for platform in nizht Drotest meeting'.

By United Press
President Truman was asked by 15,000 American soldiers to intervene in demobilization controversy which
rages in all areas where U. is. troops are stationed. Boxing ring at Hickam airfield, near Honolulu, wai
used for platform in nizht Drotest meeting'.

By United Press
President Truman was asked by 15,000 American soldiers to intervene in demobilization controversy which
rages in all areas where U. is. troops are stationed. Boxing ring at Hickam airfield, near Honolulu, wai
used for platform in nizht Drotest meeting'.

By United Press
President Truman was asked by 15,000 American soldiers to intervene in demobilization controversy which
rages in all areas where U. is. troops are stationed. Boxing ring at Hickam airfield, near Honolulu, wai
used for platform in nizht Drotest meeting'.

By United Press
President Truman was asked by 15,000 American soldiers to intervene in demobilization controversy which
rages in all areas where U. is. troops are stationed. Boxing ring at Hickam airfield, near Honolulu, wai
used for platform in nizht Drotest meeting'.

By United Press
President Truman was asked by 15,000 American soldiers to intervene in demobilization controversy which
rages in all areas where U. is. troops are stationed. Boxing ring at Hickam airfield, near Honolulu, wai
used for platform in nizht Drotest meeting'.

By United Press
President Truman was asked by 15,000 American soldiers to intervene in demobilization controversy which
rages in all areas where U. is. troops are stationed. Boxing ring at Hickam airfield, near Honolulu, wai
used for platform in nizht Drotest meeting'.

By United Press
President Truman was asked by 15,000 American soldiers to intervene in demobilization controversy which
rages in all areas where U. is. troops are stationed. Boxing ring at Hickam airfield, near Honolulu, wai
used for platform in nizht Drotest meeting'.

By United Press
President Truman was asked by 15,000 American soldiers to intervene in demobilization controversy which
rages in all areas where U. is. troops are stationed. Boxing ring at Hickam airfield, near Honolulu, wai
used for platform in nizht Drotest meeting'.

By United Press
President Truman was asked by 15,000 American soldiers to intervene in demobilization controversy which
rages in all areas where U. is. troops are stationed. Boxing ring at Hickam airfield, near Honolulu, wai
used for platform in nizht Drotest meeting'.

By United Press
President Truman was asked by 15,000 American soldiers to intervene in demobilization controversy which
rages in all areas where U. is. troops are stationed. Boxing ring at Hickam airfield, near Honolulu, wai
used for platform in nizht Drotest meeting'.

By United Press
President Truman was asked by 15,000 American soldiers to intervene in demobilization controversy which
rages in all areas where U. is. troops are stationed. Boxing ring at Hickam airfield, near Honolulu, wai
used for platform in nizht Drotest meeting'.

By United Press
President Truman was asked by 15,000 American soldiers to intervene in demobilization controversy which
rages in all areas where U. is. troops are stationed. Boxing ring at Hickam airfield, near Honolulu, wai
used for platform in nizht Drotest meeting'.
