# Atomic Group Plans Assembly
## 
### 
Student Association for Atomic
Control proposed an all-campus as
sembly to educate the students 011
the atomic bomb and its control
when it met last night in the Edu
cation Building.
No date or time has teen set for
the assembly, but many ideas were
suggested for its form. The associa
tion discussed the possibility of hav
ing a debate on both sides of the
question, "Should the people of the
United States relegate their sove
reignty to the United Nations Or
ganization for the control of the
atomic bomb?"
Control Question
Other ideas were to present the
atomic control question in the form
of a forum, town-meeting, or cross
examination debate. The association
plans to obtain some speakers from
outside the University as well as
having University students and pro
fessors participate.
Charlie Clark, Carol Newton, and
Wally McCall arc planning to speak
before Bay Area Civic groups, urg
ing atomic control by an interna
tional organization. The association
will also organize panel discussion
groups of well-informed students to
speak before civic groups.
Association Meeting
The association will meet again
Monday night from 7:45 to 8:45, and
every Monday night hereafter. At
each meeting a question will be pro
posed for discussion.
Camilla Piyall was elected public
ity manager upon the resignation of
Nancy Bantiick .George Brunn was
appointed chairman of research, and
will give a brief summary of the
week's news on atomic control at
each meeting.
Any association member who
would be interested in being a dele
gate to the World Federalists' con
ference in Concord. Mass., Feb. 8
through 11, should contact Charlie
Clark, president of the group.
