# Partial Echo
## 
### 
lan McCulloch, former lead singer of the now-defunct alternative
band "Echo and the Bunnymen," plays the Warfield on Wednesday,
April 11. McCulloch, known for his whispering vocal style, is
touring to promote his first solo album, "Candleland," which
includes modern rock cuts "Proud To Fall" and "Faith and
Healing." However, he is sure to throw in some of his old band's
material, including "Lips Like Sugar," "Bedbugs and Ballyhoo"
and"The Game."

lan McCulloch, former lead singer of the now-defunct alternative
band "Echo and the Bunnymen," plays the Warfield on Wednesday,
April 11. McCulloch, known for his whispering vocal style, is
touring to promote his first solo album, "Candleland," which
includes modern rock cuts "Proud To Fall" and "Faith and
Healing." However, he is sure to throw in some of his old band's
material, including "Lips Like Sugar," "Bedbugs and Ballyhoo"
and"The Game."

lan McCulloch, former lead singer of the now-defunct alternative
band "Echo and the Bunnymen," plays the Warfield on Wednesday,
April 11. McCulloch, known for his whispering vocal style, is
touring to promote his first solo album, "Candleland," which
includes modern rock cuts "Proud To Fall" and "Faith and
Healing." However, he is sure to throw in some of his old band's
material, including "Lips Like Sugar," "Bedbugs and Ballyhoo"
and"The Game."

lan McCulloch, former lead singer of the now-defunct alternative
band "Echo and the Bunnymen," plays the Warfield on Wednesday,
April 11. McCulloch, known for his whispering vocal style, is
touring to promote his first solo album, "Candleland," which
includes modern rock cuts "Proud To Fall" and "Faith and
Healing." However, he is sure to throw in some of his old band's
material, including "Lips Like Sugar," "Bedbugs and Ballyhoo"
and"The Game."

lan McCulloch, former lead singer of the now-defunct alternative
band "Echo and the Bunnymen," plays the Warfield on Wednesday,
April 11. McCulloch, known for his whispering vocal style, is
touring to promote his first solo album, "Candleland," which
includes modern rock cuts "Proud To Fall" and "Faith and
Healing." However, he is sure to throw in some of his old band's
material, including "Lips Like Sugar," "Bedbugs and Ballyhoo"
and"The Game."

lan McCulloch, former lead singer of the now-defunct alternative
band "Echo and the Bunnymen," plays the Warfield on Wednesday,
April 11. McCulloch, known for his whispering vocal style, is
touring to promote his first solo album, "Candleland," which
includes modern rock cuts "Proud To Fall" and "Faith and
Healing." However, he is sure to throw in some of his old band's
material, including "Lips Like Sugar," "Bedbugs and Ballyhoo"
and"The Game."

lan McCulloch, former lead singer of the now-defunct alternative
band "Echo and the Bunnymen," plays the Warfield on Wednesday,
April 11. McCulloch, known for his whispering vocal style, is
touring to promote his first solo album, "Candleland," which
includes modern rock cuts "Proud To Fall" and "Faith and
Healing." However, he is sure to throw in some of his old band's
material, including "Lips Like Sugar," "Bedbugs and Ballyhoo"
and"The Game."

