# Air Force Harriers Here Tomorrow For First-Ever Local Intersectional
## 
### 
Runner's from Stanford and Ihe
Air Force Academy will race on
the Stanford golf course Satur
day at 10 a.m. in the first inter-

sectional cross-country race in
local history.
Sophomore Keith Wallace will
lead a 12-man Indian contingent

against a Falcon squad composed
of three freshmen, three sophs
and two juniors.
Runner's from Stanford and Ihe
Air Force Academy will race on
the Stanford golf course Satur
day at 10 a.m. in the first inter-

sectional cross-country race in
local history.
Sophomore Keith Wallace will
lead a 12-man Indian contingent

against a Falcon squad composed
of three freshmen, three sophs
and two juniors.
Runner's from Stanford and Ihe
Air Force Academy will race on
the Stanford golf course Satur
day at 10 a.m. in the first inter-

sectional cross-country race in
local history.
Sophomore Keith Wallace will
lead a 12-man Indian contingent

against a Falcon squad composed
of three freshmen, three sophs
and two juniors.
Runner's from Stanford and Ihe
Air Force Academy will race on
the Stanford golf course Satur
day at 10 a.m. in the first inter-

sectional cross-country race in
local history.
Sophomore Keith Wallace will
lead a 12-man Indian contingent

against a Falcon squad composed
of three freshmen, three sophs
and two juniors.
Runner's from Stanford and Ihe
Air Force Academy will race on
the Stanford golf course Satur
day at 10 a.m. in the first inter-

sectional cross-country race in
local history.
Sophomore Keith Wallace will
lead a 12-man Indian contingent

against a Falcon squad composed
of three freshmen, three sophs
and two juniors.
Runner's from Stanford and Ihe
Air Force Academy will race on
the Stanford golf course Satur
day at 10 a.m. in the first inter-

sectional cross-country race in
local history.
Sophomore Keith Wallace will
lead a 12-man Indian contingent

against a Falcon squad composed
of three freshmen, three sophs
and two juniors.
Runner's from Stanford and Ihe
Air Force Academy will race on
the Stanford golf course Satur
day at 10 a.m. in the first inter-

sectional cross-country race in
local history.
Sophomore Keith Wallace will
lead a 12-man Indian contingent

against a Falcon squad composed
of three freshmen, three sophs
and two juniors.
Runner's from Stanford and Ihe
Air Force Academy will race on
the Stanford golf course Satur
day at 10 a.m. in the first inter-

sectional cross-country race in
local history.
Sophomore Keith Wallace will
lead a 12-man Indian contingent

against a Falcon squad composed
of three freshmen, three sophs
and two juniors.
Runner's from Stanford and Ihe
Air Force Academy will race on
the Stanford golf course Satur
day at 10 a.m. in the first inter-

sectional cross-country race in
local history.
Sophomore Keith Wallace will
lead a 12-man Indian contingent

against a Falcon squad composed
of three freshmen, three sophs
and two juniors.
Runner's from Stanford and Ihe
Air Force Academy will race on
the Stanford golf course Satur
day at 10 a.m. in the first inter-

sectional cross-country race in
local history.
Sophomore Keith Wallace will
lead a 12-man Indian contingent

against a Falcon squad composed
of three freshmen, three sophs
and two juniors.
Runner's from Stanford and Ihe
Air Force Academy will race on
the Stanford golf course Satur
day at 10 a.m. in the first inter-

sectional cross-country race in
local history.
Sophomore Keith Wallace will
lead a 12-man Indian contingent

against a Falcon squad composed
of three freshmen, three sophs
and two juniors.
Runner's from Stanford and Ihe
Air Force Academy will race on
the Stanford golf course Satur
day at 10 a.m. in the first inter-

sectional cross-country race in
local history.
Sophomore Keith Wallace will
lead a 12-man Indian contingent

against a Falcon squad composed
of three freshmen, three sophs
and two juniors.
Runner's from Stanford and Ihe
Air Force Academy will race on
the Stanford golf course Satur
day at 10 a.m. in the first inter-

sectional cross-country race in
local history.
Sophomore Keith Wallace will
lead a 12-man Indian contingent

against a Falcon squad composed
of three freshmen, three sophs
and two juniors.
Runner's from Stanford and Ihe
Air Force Academy will race on
the Stanford golf course Satur
day at 10 a.m. in the first inter-

sectional cross-country race in
local history.
Sophomore Keith Wallace will
lead a 12-man Indian contingent

against a Falcon squad composed
of three freshmen, three sophs
and two juniors.
Runner's from Stanford and Ihe
Air Force Academy will race on
the Stanford golf course Satur
day at 10 a.m. in the first inter-

sectional cross-country race in
local history.
Sophomore Keith Wallace will
lead a 12-man Indian contingent

against a Falcon squad composed
of three freshmen, three sophs
and two juniors.
Runner's from Stanford and Ihe
Air Force Academy will race on
the Stanford golf course Satur
day at 10 a.m. in the first inter-

sectional cross-country race in
local history.
Sophomore Keith Wallace will
lead a 12-man Indian contingent

against a Falcon squad composed
of three freshmen, three sophs
and two juniors.
Runner's from Stanford and Ihe
Air Force Academy will race on
the Stanford golf course Satur
day at 10 a.m. in the first inter-

sectional cross-country race in
local history.
Sophomore Keith Wallace will
lead a 12-man Indian contingent

against a Falcon squad composed
of three freshmen, three sophs
and two juniors.
