# Boathouse Fate Still Undecided
## 
### 
No decision as to the fate of La
gunita's boathouse has been made
as yet, according to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson in a state
ment made yesterday. Any official
decision rests with the Board of
Trustees.
Scott Rice, one of the students in
jured when the balcony of the boat
house collapsed during the Junior
Water Carnival Friday afternoon,
was dismissed from the Palo Alto
Hospital yesterday. The condition
of Maude McArthur, who was also
injured, was described by hospital
attendants as "improving."
No decision as to the fate of La
gunita's boathouse has been made
as yet, according to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson in a state
ment made yesterday. Any official
decision rests with the Board of
Trustees.
Scott Rice, one of the students in
jured when the balcony of the boat
house collapsed during the Junior
Water Carnival Friday afternoon,
was dismissed from the Palo Alto
Hospital yesterday. The condition
of Maude McArthur, who was also
injured, was described by hospital
attendants as "improving."
No decision as to the fate of La
gunita's boathouse has been made
as yet, according to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson in a state
ment made yesterday. Any official
decision rests with the Board of
Trustees.
Scott Rice, one of the students in
jured when the balcony of the boat
house collapsed during the Junior
Water Carnival Friday afternoon,
was dismissed from the Palo Alto
Hospital yesterday. The condition
of Maude McArthur, who was also
injured, was described by hospital
attendants as "improving."
No decision as to the fate of La
gunita's boathouse has been made
as yet, according to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson in a state
ment made yesterday. Any official
decision rests with the Board of
Trustees.
Scott Rice, one of the students in
jured when the balcony of the boat
house collapsed during the Junior
Water Carnival Friday afternoon,
was dismissed from the Palo Alto
Hospital yesterday. The condition
of Maude McArthur, who was also
injured, was described by hospital
attendants as "improving."
No decision as to the fate of La
gunita's boathouse has been made
as yet, according to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson in a state
ment made yesterday. Any official
decision rests with the Board of
Trustees.
Scott Rice, one of the students in
jured when the balcony of the boat
house collapsed during the Junior
Water Carnival Friday afternoon,
was dismissed from the Palo Alto
Hospital yesterday. The condition
of Maude McArthur, who was also
injured, was described by hospital
attendants as "improving."
No decision as to the fate of La
gunita's boathouse has been made
as yet, according to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson in a state
ment made yesterday. Any official
decision rests with the Board of
Trustees.
Scott Rice, one of the students in
jured when the balcony of the boat
house collapsed during the Junior
Water Carnival Friday afternoon,
was dismissed from the Palo Alto
Hospital yesterday. The condition
of Maude McArthur, who was also
injured, was described by hospital
attendants as "improving."
No decision as to the fate of La
gunita's boathouse has been made
as yet, according to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson in a state
ment made yesterday. Any official
decision rests with the Board of
Trustees.
Scott Rice, one of the students in
jured when the balcony of the boat
house collapsed during the Junior
Water Carnival Friday afternoon,
was dismissed from the Palo Alto
Hospital yesterday. The condition
of Maude McArthur, who was also
injured, was described by hospital
attendants as "improving."
No decision as to the fate of La
gunita's boathouse has been made
as yet, according to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson in a state
ment made yesterday. Any official
decision rests with the Board of
Trustees.
Scott Rice, one of the students in
jured when the balcony of the boat
house collapsed during the Junior
Water Carnival Friday afternoon,
was dismissed from the Palo Alto
Hospital yesterday. The condition
of Maude McArthur, who was also
injured, was described by hospital
attendants as "improving."
No decision as to the fate of La
gunita's boathouse has been made
as yet, according to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson in a state
ment made yesterday. Any official
decision rests with the Board of
Trustees.
Scott Rice, one of the students in
jured when the balcony of the boat
house collapsed during the Junior
Water Carnival Friday afternoon,
was dismissed from the Palo Alto
Hospital yesterday. The condition
of Maude McArthur, who was also
injured, was described by hospital
attendants as "improving."
No decision as to the fate of La
gunita's boathouse has been made
as yet, according to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson in a state
ment made yesterday. Any official
decision rests with the Board of
Trustees.
Scott Rice, one of the students in
jured when the balcony of the boat
house collapsed during the Junior
Water Carnival Friday afternoon,
was dismissed from the Palo Alto
Hospital yesterday. The condition
of Maude McArthur, who was also
injured, was described by hospital
attendants as "improving."
No decision as to the fate of La
gunita's boathouse has been made
as yet, according to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson in a state
ment made yesterday. Any official
decision rests with the Board of
Trustees.
Scott Rice, one of the students in
jured when the balcony of the boat
house collapsed during the Junior
Water Carnival Friday afternoon,
was dismissed from the Palo Alto
Hospital yesterday. The condition
of Maude McArthur, who was also
injured, was described by hospital
attendants as "improving."
No decision as to the fate of La
gunita's boathouse has been made
as yet, according to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson in a state
ment made yesterday. Any official
decision rests with the Board of
Trustees.
Scott Rice, one of the students in
jured when the balcony of the boat
house collapsed during the Junior
Water Carnival Friday afternoon,
was dismissed from the Palo Alto
Hospital yesterday. The condition
of Maude McArthur, who was also
injured, was described by hospital
attendants as "improving."
No decision as to the fate of La
gunita's boathouse has been made
as yet, according to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson in a state
ment made yesterday. Any official
decision rests with the Board of
Trustees.
Scott Rice, one of the students in
jured when the balcony of the boat
house collapsed during the Junior
Water Carnival Friday afternoon,
was dismissed from the Palo Alto
Hospital yesterday. The condition
of Maude McArthur, who was also
injured, was described by hospital
attendants as "improving."
No decision as to the fate of La
gunita's boathouse has been made
as yet, according to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson in a state
ment made yesterday. Any official
decision rests with the Board of
Trustees.
Scott Rice, one of the students in
jured when the balcony of the boat
house collapsed during the Junior
Water Carnival Friday afternoon,
was dismissed from the Palo Alto
Hospital yesterday. The condition
of Maude McArthur, who was also
injured, was described by hospital
attendants as "improving."
No decision as to the fate of La
gunita's boathouse has been made
as yet, according to Acting Comp
troller J. Hugh Jackson in a state
ment made yesterday. Any official
decision rests with the Board of
Trustees.
Scott Rice, one of the students in
jured when the balcony of the boat
house collapsed during the Junior
Water Carnival Friday afternoon,
was dismissed from the Palo Alto
Hospital yesterday. The condition
of Maude McArthur, who was also
injured, was described by hospital
attendants as "improving."
