# Chappie for May To Appear Friday
## 
### 
Scheduled to make its May debut
Friday, this month's Chappie Ls
guided by the hand of Tom Fleming,
"Old Boy' pro-tem. Feature .story
of the issue will be a red-blooded,
rip-roaring melodrama by Art Lev
inson, entitled "She Made a Man of
Him," or "The Power of a Pure
Woman's Love." Added to this at
traction will be Doris Tucker's il
lustrations, guaranteed for a laugh
per cubic inch.
Curt Barnes furnishes the cover
illustration for May. Pat Bosqui's
tintypes are another major feature
while old stand-by Collie Small will
"Stomp Around" again for Chappie
readers. "Old Boy" Bob Hartmann
promises another campus shake-up
in his edit gossip to match his doggie
lullaby of last issue.
