# The 						Stanford Daily Sorts
## WALT PETERSON, Sports Editor Her Wings Are Her Own 
### 

MARION JACKSON claims 155 flying hours to her credit and is an
authority on the proper togs for women aviators. (Photo by Jeannette
Hill).

MARION JACKSON claims 155 flying hours to her credit and is an
authority on the proper togs for women aviators. (Photo by Jeannette
Hill).

MARION JACKSON claims 155 flying hours to her credit and is an
authority on the proper togs for women aviators. (Photo by Jeannette
Hill).

MARION JACKSON claims 155 flying hours to her credit and is an
authority on the proper togs for women aviators. (Photo by Jeannette
Hill).

MARION JACKSON claims 155 flying hours to her credit and is an
authority on the proper togs for women aviators. (Photo by Jeannette
Hill).

MARION JACKSON claims 155 flying hours to her credit and is an
authority on the proper togs for women aviators. (Photo by Jeannette
Hill).

MARION JACKSON claims 155 flying hours to her credit and is an
authority on the proper togs for women aviators. (Photo by Jeannette
Hill).

MARION JACKSON claims 155 flying hours to her credit and is an
authority on the proper togs for women aviators. (Photo by Jeannette
Hill).

MARION JACKSON claims 155 flying hours to her credit and is an
authority on the proper togs for women aviators. (Photo by Jeannette
Hill).

MARION JACKSON claims 155 flying hours to her credit and is an
authority on the proper togs for women aviators. (Photo by Jeannette
Hill).

MARION JACKSON claims 155 flying hours to her credit and is an
authority on the proper togs for women aviators. (Photo by Jeannette
Hill).

MARION JACKSON claims 155 flying hours to her credit and is an
authority on the proper togs for women aviators. (Photo by Jeannette
Hill).

MARION JACKSON claims 155 flying hours to her credit and is an
authority on the proper togs for women aviators. (Photo by Jeannette
Hill).

MARION JACKSON claims 155 flying hours to her credit and is an
authority on the proper togs for women aviators. (Photo by Jeannette
Hill).

MARION JACKSON claims 155 flying hours to her credit and is an
authority on the proper togs for women aviators. (Photo by Jeannette
Hill).
