# Adv. 14 Page 2
## 
### 
I^———B
JIFFY
BURGER
''Where good food is yours
in less than a minute'
TACO 29c
TUNA ON A EUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri. and Sat.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK
I^———B
JIFFY
BURGER
''Where good food is yours
in less than a minute'
TACO 29c
TUNA ON A EUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri. and Sat.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK
I^———B
JIFFY
BURGER
''Where good food is yours
in less than a minute'
TACO 29c
TUNA ON A EUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri. and Sat.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK
I^———B
JIFFY
BURGER
''Where good food is yours
in less than a minute'
TACO 29c
TUNA ON A EUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri. and Sat.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK
I^———B
JIFFY
BURGER
''Where good food is yours
in less than a minute'
TACO 29c
TUNA ON A EUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri. and Sat.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK
I^———B
JIFFY
BURGER
''Where good food is yours
in less than a minute'
TACO 29c
TUNA ON A EUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri. and Sat.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK
I^———B
JIFFY
BURGER
''Where good food is yours
in less than a minute'
TACO 29c
TUNA ON A EUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri. and Sat.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK
I^———B
JIFFY
BURGER
''Where good food is yours
in less than a minute'
TACO 29c
TUNA ON A EUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri. and Sat.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK
I^———B
JIFFY
BURGER
''Where good food is yours
in less than a minute'
TACO 29c
TUNA ON A EUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri. and Sat.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK
I^———B
JIFFY
BURGER
''Where good food is yours
in less than a minute'
TACO 29c
TUNA ON A EUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri. and Sat.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK
I^———B
JIFFY
BURGER
''Where good food is yours
in less than a minute'
TACO 29c
TUNA ON A EUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri. and Sat.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK
I^———B
JIFFY
BURGER
''Where good food is yours
in less than a minute'
TACO 29c
TUNA ON A EUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri. and Sat.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK
I^———B
JIFFY
BURGER
''Where good food is yours
in less than a minute'
TACO 29c
TUNA ON A EUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri. and Sat.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK
I^———B
JIFFY
BURGER
''Where good food is yours
in less than a minute'
TACO 29c
TUNA ON A EUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri. and Sat.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK
I^———B
JIFFY
BURGER
''Where good food is yours
in less than a minute'
TACO 29c
TUNA ON A EUN 34c
STEAK SANDWICH 49c
OPEN TILL MIDNIGHT
Sun. thru Thurs.
OPEN TILL ONE
Fri. and Sat.
1050 El Camino
MENLO PARK
