# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
INDIANS*
» 4
A stitch in time
S saves nine and Hf
a shirt special |g
■ right now at R/A mm
saves you money. W
| Currently during
M our Pre-Easter ■■
celebration you
HI can put a new fif
Jp white batiste
M cotton shirt on
your back for
™ got cool short
H sleeves and a
choice of collars.
Slip in and see! h
only 3.99. It's
8 M
'.ia—♦'
INDIANS*
» 4
A stitch in time
S saves nine and Hf
a shirt special |g
■ right now at R/A mm
saves you money. W
| Currently during
M our Pre-Easter ■■
celebration you
HI can put a new fif
Jp white batiste
M cotton shirt on
your back for
™ got cool short
H sleeves and a
choice of collars.
Slip in and see! h
only 3.99. It's
8 M
'.ia—♦'
INDIANS*
» 4
A stitch in time
S saves nine and Hf
a shirt special |g
■ right now at R/A mm
saves you money. W
| Currently during
M our Pre-Easter ■■
celebration you
HI can put a new fif
Jp white batiste
M cotton shirt on
your back for
™ got cool short
H sleeves and a
choice of collars.
Slip in and see! h
only 3.99. It's
8 M
'.ia—♦'
INDIANS*
» 4
A stitch in time
S saves nine and Hf
a shirt special |g
■ right now at R/A mm
saves you money. W
| Currently during
M our Pre-Easter ■■
celebration you
HI can put a new fif
Jp white batiste
M cotton shirt on
your back for
™ got cool short
H sleeves and a
choice of collars.
Slip in and see! h
only 3.99. It's
8 M
'.ia—♦'
INDIANS*
» 4
A stitch in time
S saves nine and Hf
a shirt special |g
■ right now at R/A mm
saves you money. W
| Currently during
M our Pre-Easter ■■
celebration you
HI can put a new fif
Jp white batiste
M cotton shirt on
your back for
™ got cool short
H sleeves and a
choice of collars.
Slip in and see! h
only 3.99. It's
8 M
'.ia—♦'
INDIANS*
» 4
A stitch in time
S saves nine and Hf
a shirt special |g
■ right now at R/A mm
saves you money. W
| Currently during
M our Pre-Easter ■■
celebration you
HI can put a new fif
Jp white batiste
M cotton shirt on
your back for
™ got cool short
H sleeves and a
choice of collars.
Slip in and see! h
only 3.99. It's
8 M
'.ia—♦'
INDIANS*
» 4
A stitch in time
S saves nine and Hf
a shirt special |g
■ right now at R/A mm
saves you money. W
| Currently during
M our Pre-Easter ■■
celebration you
HI can put a new fif
Jp white batiste
M cotton shirt on
your back for
™ got cool short
H sleeves and a
choice of collars.
Slip in and see! h
only 3.99. It's
8 M
'.ia—♦'
INDIANS*
» 4
A stitch in time
S saves nine and Hf
a shirt special |g
■ right now at R/A mm
saves you money. W
| Currently during
M our Pre-Easter ■■
celebration you
HI can put a new fif
Jp white batiste
M cotton shirt on
your back for
™ got cool short
H sleeves and a
choice of collars.
Slip in and see! h
only 3.99. It's
8 M
'.ia—♦'
INDIANS*
» 4
A stitch in time
S saves nine and Hf
a shirt special |g
■ right now at R/A mm
saves you money. W
| Currently during
M our Pre-Easter ■■
celebration you
HI can put a new fif
Jp white batiste
M cotton shirt on
your back for
™ got cool short
H sleeves and a
choice of collars.
Slip in and see! h
only 3.99. It's
8 M
'.ia—♦'
INDIANS*
» 4
A stitch in time
S saves nine and Hf
a shirt special |g
■ right now at R/A mm
saves you money. W
| Currently during
M our Pre-Easter ■■
celebration you
HI can put a new fif
Jp white batiste
M cotton shirt on
your back for
™ got cool short
H sleeves and a
choice of collars.
Slip in and see! h
only 3.99. It's
8 M
'.ia—♦'
INDIANS*
» 4
A stitch in time
S saves nine and Hf
a shirt special |g
■ right now at R/A mm
saves you money. W
| Currently during
M our Pre-Easter ■■
celebration you
HI can put a new fif
Jp white batiste
M cotton shirt on
your back for
™ got cool short
H sleeves and a
choice of collars.
Slip in and see! h
only 3.99. It's
8 M
'.ia—♦'
INDIANS*
» 4
A stitch in time
S saves nine and Hf
a shirt special |g
■ right now at R/A mm
saves you money. W
| Currently during
M our Pre-Easter ■■
celebration you
HI can put a new fif
Jp white batiste
M cotton shirt on
your back for
™ got cool short
H sleeves and a
choice of collars.
Slip in and see! h
only 3.99. It's
8 M
'.ia—♦'
INDIANS*
» 4
A stitch in time
S saves nine and Hf
a shirt special |g
■ right now at R/A mm
saves you money. W
| Currently during
M our Pre-Easter ■■
celebration you
HI can put a new fif
Jp white batiste
M cotton shirt on
your back for
™ got cool short
H sleeves and a
choice of collars.
Slip in and see! h
only 3.99. It's
8 M
'.ia—♦'
INDIANS*
» 4
A stitch in time
S saves nine and Hf
a shirt special |g
■ right now at R/A mm
saves you money. W
| Currently during
M our Pre-Easter ■■
celebration you
HI can put a new fif
Jp white batiste
M cotton shirt on
your back for
™ got cool short
H sleeves and a
choice of collars.
Slip in and see! h
only 3.99. It's
8 M
'.ia—♦'
INDIANS*
» 4
A stitch in time
S saves nine and Hf
a shirt special |g
■ right now at R/A mm
saves you money. W
| Currently during
M our Pre-Easter ■■
celebration you
HI can put a new fif
Jp white batiste
M cotton shirt on
your back for
™ got cool short
H sleeves and a
choice of collars.
Slip in and see! h
only 3.99. It's
8 M
'.ia—♦'
INDIANS*
» 4
A stitch in time
S saves nine and Hf
a shirt special |g
■ right now at R/A mm
saves you money. W
| Currently during
M our Pre-Easter ■■
celebration you
HI can put a new fif
Jp white batiste
M cotton shirt on
your back for
™ got cool short
H sleeves and a
choice of collars.
Slip in and see! h
only 3.99. It's
8 M
'.ia—♦'
