# Positions Open For African Work
## 
### 
International Cooperation Ad
ministration has requested the
Africa Desk to submit a list of
male students interested in a
forthcoming project in French
Africa.
The students would accompany
audio-visual mobile units as tech
nicians, demonstrate the equip
ment, and train nationals to use
the units.
A three-month training course
at Indiana University starting in
June will be required, and the
men will stay in Africa from Sep
tember through November.
Fluency in French and U.S. citi
zenship are required. Graduate
standing is preferred. Applica
tions will be taken today only at
4:30 p.m. at the Africa Desk in
the lIR Shack. Additional infor
mation can be obtained at that
time.
