# GUTHRIE ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Judy Collins, ? 62,
to Bill Baker, '62.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Judy Collins, ? 62,
to Bill Baker, '62.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Judy Collins, ? 62,
to Bill Baker, '62.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Judy Collins, ? 62,
to Bill Baker, '62.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Judy Collins, ? 62,
to Bill Baker, '62.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Judy Collins, ? 62,
to Bill Baker, '62.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Judy Collins, ? 62,
to Bill Baker, '62.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Judy Collins, ? 62,
to Bill Baker, '62.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Judy Collins, ? 62,
to Bill Baker, '62.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Judy Collins, ? 62,
to Bill Baker, '62.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Judy Collins, ? 62,
to Bill Baker, '62.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Judy Collins, ? 62,
to Bill Baker, '62.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Judy Collins, ? 62,
to Bill Baker, '62.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Judy Collins, ? 62,
to Bill Baker, '62.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Judy Collins, ? 62,
to Bill Baker, '62.
Guthrie House announces the
engagement of Judy Collins, ? 62,
to Bill Baker, '62.
