# Masonic Smoker Friday
## 
### 
Acacia Fraternity will give a Ma
sonic smoker on next Friday evening
for the purpose of entertaining all
college Masons, both students and
faculty, at the Acacia House. It will
he a get-together of all Stanford
Masons.
Acacia Fraternity will give a Ma
sonic smoker on next Friday evening
for the purpose of entertaining all
college Masons, both students and
faculty, at the Acacia House. It will
he a get-together of all Stanford
Masons.
Acacia Fraternity will give a Ma
sonic smoker on next Friday evening
for the purpose of entertaining all
college Masons, both students and
faculty, at the Acacia House. It will
he a get-together of all Stanford
Masons.
Acacia Fraternity will give a Ma
sonic smoker on next Friday evening
for the purpose of entertaining all
college Masons, both students and
faculty, at the Acacia House. It will
he a get-together of all Stanford
Masons.
Acacia Fraternity will give a Ma
sonic smoker on next Friday evening
for the purpose of entertaining all
college Masons, both students and
faculty, at the Acacia House. It will
he a get-together of all Stanford
Masons.
Acacia Fraternity will give a Ma
sonic smoker on next Friday evening
for the purpose of entertaining all
college Masons, both students and
faculty, at the Acacia House. It will
he a get-together of all Stanford
Masons.
Acacia Fraternity will give a Ma
sonic smoker on next Friday evening
for the purpose of entertaining all
college Masons, both students and
faculty, at the Acacia House. It will
he a get-together of all Stanford
Masons.
Acacia Fraternity will give a Ma
sonic smoker on next Friday evening
for the purpose of entertaining all
college Masons, both students and
faculty, at the Acacia House. It will
he a get-together of all Stanford
Masons.
Acacia Fraternity will give a Ma
sonic smoker on next Friday evening
for the purpose of entertaining all
college Masons, both students and
faculty, at the Acacia House. It will
he a get-together of all Stanford
Masons.
Acacia Fraternity will give a Ma
sonic smoker on next Friday evening
for the purpose of entertaining all
college Masons, both students and
faculty, at the Acacia House. It will
he a get-together of all Stanford
Masons.
Acacia Fraternity will give a Ma
sonic smoker on next Friday evening
for the purpose of entertaining all
college Masons, both students and
faculty, at the Acacia House. It will
he a get-together of all Stanford
Masons.
Acacia Fraternity will give a Ma
sonic smoker on next Friday evening
for the purpose of entertaining all
college Masons, both students and
faculty, at the Acacia House. It will
he a get-together of all Stanford
Masons.
Acacia Fraternity will give a Ma
sonic smoker on next Friday evening
for the purpose of entertaining all
college Masons, both students and
faculty, at the Acacia House. It will
he a get-together of all Stanford
Masons.
