# Murals
## 
### 
Two league championships are
on the line today when Theta
Delt meets S.A.E. and El Toro
takes on El Tigre in important
intramural football games.
S.A.E., which has survived sev
eral close calls with a well-dis
ciplined ground game, will be a
decided underdog to Theta Delt,
possibly the most impressive
team on campus so far and a
likely overall point leader at
the end of the quarter; both will
go to the playoffs regardless.
El Toro, the only eating club
yet to can win its league
outright by beating El Tigre,
but an upset would create a
three-way tie.
Pairings will be posted shortly
for the "B" football post-season
playoffs, with all four leagues
having been decided. Undefeated
teams from Donner, Blackacre,
Phi Kap and Theta Delt (all of
whose "A" teams appear play
off-bound as well) will vie in
the two-round tournament.
Two league championships are
on the line today when Theta
Delt meets S.A.E. and El Toro
takes on El Tigre in important
intramural football games.
S.A.E., which has survived sev
eral close calls with a well-dis
ciplined ground game, will be a
decided underdog to Theta Delt,
possibly the most impressive
team on campus so far and a
likely overall point leader at
the end of the quarter; both will
go to the playoffs regardless.
El Toro, the only eating club
yet to can win its league
outright by beating El Tigre,
but an upset would create a
three-way tie.
Pairings will be posted shortly
for the "B" football post-season
playoffs, with all four leagues
having been decided. Undefeated
teams from Donner, Blackacre,
Phi Kap and Theta Delt (all of
whose "A" teams appear play
off-bound as well) will vie in
the two-round tournament.
Two league championships are
on the line today when Theta
Delt meets S.A.E. and El Toro
takes on El Tigre in important
intramural football games.
S.A.E., which has survived sev
eral close calls with a well-dis
ciplined ground game, will be a
decided underdog to Theta Delt,
possibly the most impressive
team on campus so far and a
likely overall point leader at
the end of the quarter; both will
go to the playoffs regardless.
El Toro, the only eating club
yet to can win its league
outright by beating El Tigre,
but an upset would create a
three-way tie.
Pairings will be posted shortly
for the "B" football post-season
playoffs, with all four leagues
having been decided. Undefeated
teams from Donner, Blackacre,
Phi Kap and Theta Delt (all of
whose "A" teams appear play
off-bound as well) will vie in
the two-round tournament.
Two league championships are
on the line today when Theta
Delt meets S.A.E. and El Toro
takes on El Tigre in important
intramural football games.
S.A.E., which has survived sev
eral close calls with a well-dis
ciplined ground game, will be a
decided underdog to Theta Delt,
possibly the most impressive
team on campus so far and a
likely overall point leader at
the end of the quarter; both will
go to the playoffs regardless.
El Toro, the only eating club
yet to can win its league
outright by beating El Tigre,
but an upset would create a
three-way tie.
Pairings will be posted shortly
for the "B" football post-season
playoffs, with all four leagues
having been decided. Undefeated
teams from Donner, Blackacre,
Phi Kap and Theta Delt (all of
whose "A" teams appear play
off-bound as well) will vie in
the two-round tournament.
Two league championships are
on the line today when Theta
Delt meets S.A.E. and El Toro
takes on El Tigre in important
intramural football games.
S.A.E., which has survived sev
eral close calls with a well-dis
ciplined ground game, will be a
decided underdog to Theta Delt,
possibly the most impressive
team on campus so far and a
likely overall point leader at
the end of the quarter; both will
go to the playoffs regardless.
El Toro, the only eating club
yet to can win its league
outright by beating El Tigre,
but an upset would create a
three-way tie.
Pairings will be posted shortly
for the "B" football post-season
playoffs, with all four leagues
having been decided. Undefeated
teams from Donner, Blackacre,
Phi Kap and Theta Delt (all of
whose "A" teams appear play
off-bound as well) will vie in
the two-round tournament.
Two league championships are
on the line today when Theta
Delt meets S.A.E. and El Toro
takes on El Tigre in important
intramural football games.
S.A.E., which has survived sev
eral close calls with a well-dis
ciplined ground game, will be a
decided underdog to Theta Delt,
possibly the most impressive
team on campus so far and a
likely overall point leader at
the end of the quarter; both will
go to the playoffs regardless.
El Toro, the only eating club
yet to can win its league
outright by beating El Tigre,
but an upset would create a
three-way tie.
Pairings will be posted shortly
for the "B" football post-season
playoffs, with all four leagues
having been decided. Undefeated
teams from Donner, Blackacre,
Phi Kap and Theta Delt (all of
whose "A" teams appear play
off-bound as well) will vie in
the two-round tournament.
Two league championships are
on the line today when Theta
Delt meets S.A.E. and El Toro
takes on El Tigre in important
intramural football games.
S.A.E., which has survived sev
eral close calls with a well-dis
ciplined ground game, will be a
decided underdog to Theta Delt,
possibly the most impressive
team on campus so far and a
likely overall point leader at
the end of the quarter; both will
go to the playoffs regardless.
El Toro, the only eating club
yet to can win its league
outright by beating El Tigre,
but an upset would create a
three-way tie.
Pairings will be posted shortly
for the "B" football post-season
playoffs, with all four leagues
having been decided. Undefeated
teams from Donner, Blackacre,
Phi Kap and Theta Delt (all of
whose "A" teams appear play
off-bound as well) will vie in
the two-round tournament.
Two league championships are
on the line today when Theta
Delt meets S.A.E. and El Toro
takes on El Tigre in important
intramural football games.
S.A.E., which has survived sev
eral close calls with a well-dis
ciplined ground game, will be a
decided underdog to Theta Delt,
possibly the most impressive
team on campus so far and a
likely overall point leader at
the end of the quarter; both will
go to the playoffs regardless.
El Toro, the only eating club
yet to can win its league
outright by beating El Tigre,
but an upset would create a
three-way tie.
Pairings will be posted shortly
for the "B" football post-season
playoffs, with all four leagues
having been decided. Undefeated
teams from Donner, Blackacre,
Phi Kap and Theta Delt (all of
whose "A" teams appear play
off-bound as well) will vie in
the two-round tournament.
Two league championships are
on the line today when Theta
Delt meets S.A.E. and El Toro
takes on El Tigre in important
intramural football games.
S.A.E., which has survived sev
eral close calls with a well-dis
ciplined ground game, will be a
decided underdog to Theta Delt,
possibly the most impressive
team on campus so far and a
likely overall point leader at
the end of the quarter; both will
go to the playoffs regardless.
El Toro, the only eating club
yet to can win its league
outright by beating El Tigre,
but an upset would create a
three-way tie.
Pairings will be posted shortly
for the "B" football post-season
playoffs, with all four leagues
having been decided. Undefeated
teams from Donner, Blackacre,
Phi Kap and Theta Delt (all of
whose "A" teams appear play
off-bound as well) will vie in
the two-round tournament.
Two league championships are
on the line today when Theta
Delt meets S.A.E. and El Toro
takes on El Tigre in important
intramural football games.
S.A.E., which has survived sev
eral close calls with a well-dis
ciplined ground game, will be a
decided underdog to Theta Delt,
possibly the most impressive
team on campus so far and a
likely overall point leader at
the end of the quarter; both will
go to the playoffs regardless.
El Toro, the only eating club
yet to can win its league
outright by beating El Tigre,
but an upset would create a
three-way tie.
Pairings will be posted shortly
for the "B" football post-season
playoffs, with all four leagues
having been decided. Undefeated
teams from Donner, Blackacre,
Phi Kap and Theta Delt (all of
whose "A" teams appear play
off-bound as well) will vie in
the two-round tournament.
Two league championships are
on the line today when Theta
Delt meets S.A.E. and El Toro
takes on El Tigre in important
intramural football games.
S.A.E., which has survived sev
eral close calls with a well-dis
ciplined ground game, will be a
decided underdog to Theta Delt,
possibly the most impressive
team on campus so far and a
likely overall point leader at
the end of the quarter; both will
go to the playoffs regardless.
El Toro, the only eating club
yet to can win its league
outright by beating El Tigre,
but an upset would create a
three-way tie.
Pairings will be posted shortly
for the "B" football post-season
playoffs, with all four leagues
having been decided. Undefeated
teams from Donner, Blackacre,
Phi Kap and Theta Delt (all of
whose "A" teams appear play
off-bound as well) will vie in
the two-round tournament.
Two league championships are
on the line today when Theta
Delt meets S.A.E. and El Toro
takes on El Tigre in important
intramural football games.
S.A.E., which has survived sev
eral close calls with a well-dis
ciplined ground game, will be a
decided underdog to Theta Delt,
possibly the most impressive
team on campus so far and a
likely overall point leader at
the end of the quarter; both will
go to the playoffs regardless.
El Toro, the only eating club
yet to can win its league
outright by beating El Tigre,
but an upset would create a
three-way tie.
Pairings will be posted shortly
for the "B" football post-season
playoffs, with all four leagues
having been decided. Undefeated
teams from Donner, Blackacre,
Phi Kap and Theta Delt (all of
whose "A" teams appear play
off-bound as well) will vie in
the two-round tournament.
Two league championships are
on the line today when Theta
Delt meets S.A.E. and El Toro
takes on El Tigre in important
intramural football games.
S.A.E., which has survived sev
eral close calls with a well-dis
ciplined ground game, will be a
decided underdog to Theta Delt,
possibly the most impressive
team on campus so far and a
likely overall point leader at
the end of the quarter; both will
go to the playoffs regardless.
El Toro, the only eating club
yet to can win its league
outright by beating El Tigre,
but an upset would create a
three-way tie.
Pairings will be posted shortly
for the "B" football post-season
playoffs, with all four leagues
having been decided. Undefeated
teams from Donner, Blackacre,
Phi Kap and Theta Delt (all of
whose "A" teams appear play
off-bound as well) will vie in
the two-round tournament.
Two league championships are
on the line today when Theta
Delt meets S.A.E. and El Toro
takes on El Tigre in important
intramural football games.
S.A.E., which has survived sev
eral close calls with a well-dis
ciplined ground game, will be a
decided underdog to Theta Delt,
possibly the most impressive
team on campus so far and a
likely overall point leader at
the end of the quarter; both will
go to the playoffs regardless.
El Toro, the only eating club
yet to can win its league
outright by beating El Tigre,
but an upset would create a
three-way tie.
Pairings will be posted shortly
for the "B" football post-season
playoffs, with all four leagues
having been decided. Undefeated
teams from Donner, Blackacre,
Phi Kap and Theta Delt (all of
whose "A" teams appear play
off-bound as well) will vie in
the two-round tournament.
Two league championships are
on the line today when Theta
Delt meets S.A.E. and El Toro
takes on El Tigre in important
intramural football games.
S.A.E., which has survived sev
eral close calls with a well-dis
ciplined ground game, will be a
decided underdog to Theta Delt,
possibly the most impressive
team on campus so far and a
likely overall point leader at
the end of the quarter; both will
go to the playoffs regardless.
El Toro, the only eating club
yet to can win its league
outright by beating El Tigre,
but an upset would create a
three-way tie.
Pairings will be posted shortly
for the "B" football post-season
playoffs, with all four leagues
having been decided. Undefeated
teams from Donner, Blackacre,
Phi Kap and Theta Delt (all of
whose "A" teams appear play
off-bound as well) will vie in
the two-round tournament.
