# Student Season Tickets on Sale
## 
### 
Student season tiekets for the
1902 basketball season are on sale
in the Department of Athletics.
The season tickets cost $4,150 for
the nine remaining home games.
Students are urged to purchase
them soon, as the supply is lim
ited.
Student season tiekets for the
1902 basketball season are on sale
in the Department of Athletics.
The season tickets cost $4,150 for
the nine remaining home games.
Students are urged to purchase
them soon, as the supply is lim
ited.
Student season tiekets for the
1902 basketball season are on sale
in the Department of Athletics.
The season tickets cost $4,150 for
the nine remaining home games.
Students are urged to purchase
them soon, as the supply is lim
ited.
Student season tiekets for the
1902 basketball season are on sale
in the Department of Athletics.
The season tickets cost $4,150 for
the nine remaining home games.
Students are urged to purchase
them soon, as the supply is lim
ited.
Student season tiekets for the
1902 basketball season are on sale
in the Department of Athletics.
The season tickets cost $4,150 for
the nine remaining home games.
Students are urged to purchase
them soon, as the supply is lim
ited.
Student season tiekets for the
1902 basketball season are on sale
in the Department of Athletics.
The season tickets cost $4,150 for
the nine remaining home games.
Students are urged to purchase
them soon, as the supply is lim
ited.
Student season tiekets for the
1902 basketball season are on sale
in the Department of Athletics.
The season tickets cost $4,150 for
the nine remaining home games.
Students are urged to purchase
them soon, as the supply is lim
ited.
Student season tiekets for the
1902 basketball season are on sale
in the Department of Athletics.
The season tickets cost $4,150 for
the nine remaining home games.
Students are urged to purchase
them soon, as the supply is lim
ited.
Student season tiekets for the
1902 basketball season are on sale
in the Department of Athletics.
The season tickets cost $4,150 for
the nine remaining home games.
Students are urged to purchase
them soon, as the supply is lim
ited.
Student season tiekets for the
1902 basketball season are on sale
in the Department of Athletics.
The season tickets cost $4,150 for
the nine remaining home games.
Students are urged to purchase
them soon, as the supply is lim
ited.
Student season tiekets for the
1902 basketball season are on sale
in the Department of Athletics.
The season tickets cost $4,150 for
the nine remaining home games.
Students are urged to purchase
them soon, as the supply is lim
ited.
Student season tiekets for the
1902 basketball season are on sale
in the Department of Athletics.
The season tickets cost $4,150 for
the nine remaining home games.
Students are urged to purchase
them soon, as the supply is lim
ited.
Student season tiekets for the
1902 basketball season are on sale
in the Department of Athletics.
The season tickets cost $4,150 for
the nine remaining home games.
Students are urged to purchase
them soon, as the supply is lim
ited.
Student season tiekets for the
1902 basketball season are on sale
in the Department of Athletics.
The season tickets cost $4,150 for
the nine remaining home games.
Students are urged to purchase
them soon, as the supply is lim
ited.
Student season tiekets for the
1902 basketball season are on sale
in the Department of Athletics.
The season tickets cost $4,150 for
the nine remaining home games.
Students are urged to purchase
them soon, as the supply is lim
ited.
Student season tiekets for the
1902 basketball season are on sale
in the Department of Athletics.
The season tickets cost $4,150 for
the nine remaining home games.
Students are urged to purchase
them soon, as the supply is lim
ited.
Student season tiekets for the
1902 basketball season are on sale
in the Department of Athletics.
The season tickets cost $4,150 for
the nine remaining home games.
Students are urged to purchase
them soon, as the supply is lim
ited.
