# LEFT DRIVE OPPOSED
## 
### 
STOCKHOLM, April 9 (A*).—With
automobile dealers and tourist or- |
ganizations arguing for left instead ;
of right-hand traffic in Sweden, and
with insurance companies opposed to I
the change, the central organization !
of automobile owners conducted a i
national referendum, getting 7,708 i
votes in favor of ihe change and 1
19,715 for the old order.
STOCKHOLM, April 9 (A*).—With
automobile dealers and tourist or- |
ganizations arguing for left instead ;
of right-hand traffic in Sweden, and
with insurance companies opposed to I
the change, the central organization !
of automobile owners conducted a i
national referendum, getting 7,708 i
votes in favor of ihe change and 1
19,715 for the old order.
STOCKHOLM, April 9 (A*).—With
automobile dealers and tourist or- |
ganizations arguing for left instead ;
of right-hand traffic in Sweden, and
with insurance companies opposed to I
the change, the central organization !
of automobile owners conducted a i
national referendum, getting 7,708 i
votes in favor of ihe change and 1
19,715 for the old order.
STOCKHOLM, April 9 (A*).—With
automobile dealers and tourist or- |
ganizations arguing for left instead ;
of right-hand traffic in Sweden, and
with insurance companies opposed to I
the change, the central organization !
of automobile owners conducted a i
national referendum, getting 7,708 i
votes in favor of ihe change and 1
19,715 for the old order.
STOCKHOLM, April 9 (A*).—With
automobile dealers and tourist or- |
ganizations arguing for left instead ;
of right-hand traffic in Sweden, and
with insurance companies opposed to I
the change, the central organization !
of automobile owners conducted a i
national referendum, getting 7,708 i
votes in favor of ihe change and 1
19,715 for the old order.
STOCKHOLM, April 9 (A*).—With
automobile dealers and tourist or- |
ganizations arguing for left instead ;
of right-hand traffic in Sweden, and
with insurance companies opposed to I
the change, the central organization !
of automobile owners conducted a i
national referendum, getting 7,708 i
votes in favor of ihe change and 1
19,715 for the old order.
STOCKHOLM, April 9 (A*).—With
automobile dealers and tourist or- |
ganizations arguing for left instead ;
of right-hand traffic in Sweden, and
with insurance companies opposed to I
the change, the central organization !
of automobile owners conducted a i
national referendum, getting 7,708 i
votes in favor of ihe change and 1
19,715 for the old order.
STOCKHOLM, April 9 (A*).—With
automobile dealers and tourist or- |
ganizations arguing for left instead ;
of right-hand traffic in Sweden, and
with insurance companies opposed to I
the change, the central organization !
of automobile owners conducted a i
national referendum, getting 7,708 i
votes in favor of ihe change and 1
19,715 for the old order.
STOCKHOLM, April 9 (A*).—With
automobile dealers and tourist or- |
ganizations arguing for left instead ;
of right-hand traffic in Sweden, and
with insurance companies opposed to I
the change, the central organization !
of automobile owners conducted a i
national referendum, getting 7,708 i
votes in favor of ihe change and 1
19,715 for the old order.
STOCKHOLM, April 9 (A*).—With
automobile dealers and tourist or- |
ganizations arguing for left instead ;
of right-hand traffic in Sweden, and
with insurance companies opposed to I
the change, the central organization !
of automobile owners conducted a i
national referendum, getting 7,708 i
votes in favor of ihe change and 1
19,715 for the old order.
STOCKHOLM, April 9 (A*).—With
automobile dealers and tourist or- |
ganizations arguing for left instead ;
of right-hand traffic in Sweden, and
with insurance companies opposed to I
the change, the central organization !
of automobile owners conducted a i
national referendum, getting 7,708 i
votes in favor of ihe change and 1
19,715 for the old order.
STOCKHOLM, April 9 (A*).—With
automobile dealers and tourist or- |
ganizations arguing for left instead ;
of right-hand traffic in Sweden, and
with insurance companies opposed to I
the change, the central organization !
of automobile owners conducted a i
national referendum, getting 7,708 i
votes in favor of ihe change and 1
19,715 for the old order.
STOCKHOLM, April 9 (A*).—With
automobile dealers and tourist or- |
ganizations arguing for left instead ;
of right-hand traffic in Sweden, and
with insurance companies opposed to I
the change, the central organization !
of automobile owners conducted a i
national referendum, getting 7,708 i
votes in favor of ihe change and 1
19,715 for the old order.
STOCKHOLM, April 9 (A*).—With
automobile dealers and tourist or- |
ganizations arguing for left instead ;
of right-hand traffic in Sweden, and
with insurance companies opposed to I
the change, the central organization !
of automobile owners conducted a i
national referendum, getting 7,708 i
votes in favor of ihe change and 1
19,715 for the old order.
STOCKHOLM, April 9 (A*).—With
automobile dealers and tourist or- |
ganizations arguing for left instead ;
of right-hand traffic in Sweden, and
with insurance companies opposed to I
the change, the central organization !
of automobile owners conducted a i
national referendum, getting 7,708 i
votes in favor of ihe change and 1
19,715 for the old order.
STOCKHOLM, April 9 (A*).—With
automobile dealers and tourist or- |
ganizations arguing for left instead ;
of right-hand traffic in Sweden, and
with insurance companies opposed to I
the change, the central organization !
of automobile owners conducted a i
national referendum, getting 7,708 i
votes in favor of ihe change and 1
19,715 for the old order.
