# Alumni Secretary
## 
### 

FROM TIIE 10.000 Stanford
graduates who are not alliliat
ed with the Alumni Associa
tion, Alumni Secretary Harlow
Rothert hopes to enlarge the
association membership. He is
planning a series of "State of
the University" meetings in
various parts of the country.

FROM TIIE 10.000 Stanford
graduates who are not alliliat
ed with the Alumni Associa
tion, Alumni Secretary Harlow
Rothert hopes to enlarge the
association membership. He is
planning a series of "State of
the University" meetings in
various parts of the country.

FROM TIIE 10.000 Stanford
graduates who are not alliliat
ed with the Alumni Associa
tion, Alumni Secretary Harlow
Rothert hopes to enlarge the
association membership. He is
planning a series of "State of
the University" meetings in
various parts of the country.

FROM TIIE 10.000 Stanford
graduates who are not alliliat
ed with the Alumni Associa
tion, Alumni Secretary Harlow
Rothert hopes to enlarge the
association membership. He is
planning a series of "State of
the University" meetings in
various parts of the country.

FROM TIIE 10.000 Stanford
graduates who are not alliliat
ed with the Alumni Associa
tion, Alumni Secretary Harlow
Rothert hopes to enlarge the
association membership. He is
planning a series of "State of
the University" meetings in
various parts of the country.

FROM TIIE 10.000 Stanford
graduates who are not alliliat
ed with the Alumni Associa
tion, Alumni Secretary Harlow
Rothert hopes to enlarge the
association membership. He is
planning a series of "State of
the University" meetings in
various parts of the country.

FROM TIIE 10.000 Stanford
graduates who are not alliliat
ed with the Alumni Associa
tion, Alumni Secretary Harlow
Rothert hopes to enlarge the
association membership. He is
planning a series of "State of
the University" meetings in
various parts of the country.

FROM TIIE 10.000 Stanford
graduates who are not alliliat
ed with the Alumni Associa
tion, Alumni Secretary Harlow
Rothert hopes to enlarge the
association membership. He is
planning a series of "State of
the University" meetings in
various parts of the country.

FROM TIIE 10.000 Stanford
graduates who are not alliliat
ed with the Alumni Associa
tion, Alumni Secretary Harlow
Rothert hopes to enlarge the
association membership. He is
planning a series of "State of
the University" meetings in
various parts of the country.

FROM TIIE 10.000 Stanford
graduates who are not alliliat
ed with the Alumni Associa
tion, Alumni Secretary Harlow
Rothert hopes to enlarge the
association membership. He is
planning a series of "State of
the University" meetings in
various parts of the country.

FROM TIIE 10.000 Stanford
graduates who are not alliliat
ed with the Alumni Associa
tion, Alumni Secretary Harlow
Rothert hopes to enlarge the
association membership. He is
planning a series of "State of
the University" meetings in
various parts of the country.

FROM TIIE 10.000 Stanford
graduates who are not alliliat
ed with the Alumni Associa
tion, Alumni Secretary Harlow
Rothert hopes to enlarge the
association membership. He is
planning a series of "State of
the University" meetings in
various parts of the country.

FROM TIIE 10.000 Stanford
graduates who are not alliliat
ed with the Alumni Associa
tion, Alumni Secretary Harlow
Rothert hopes to enlarge the
association membership. He is
planning a series of "State of
the University" meetings in
various parts of the country.

FROM TIIE 10.000 Stanford
graduates who are not alliliat
ed with the Alumni Associa
tion, Alumni Secretary Harlow
Rothert hopes to enlarge the
association membership. He is
planning a series of "State of
the University" meetings in
various parts of the country.

FROM TIIE 10.000 Stanford
graduates who are not alliliat
ed with the Alumni Associa
tion, Alumni Secretary Harlow
Rothert hopes to enlarge the
association membership. He is
planning a series of "State of
the University" meetings in
various parts of the country.

FROM TIIE 10.000 Stanford
graduates who are not alliliat
ed with the Alumni Associa
tion, Alumni Secretary Harlow
Rothert hopes to enlarge the
association membership. He is
planning a series of "State of
the University" meetings in
various parts of the country.
