# Stanford Pole Vaulting Ace
## 
### 

UP, UP (JOES Sumner Gill, who will challenge the U.C.L.A. stars.
Massey and Valentine, in the pole vault tomorrow. Early in the
season Gill got over 13 feet, hut has not been able so far to repeat
the performance.

UP, UP (JOES Sumner Gill, who will challenge the U.C.L.A. stars.
Massey and Valentine, in the pole vault tomorrow. Early in the
season Gill got over 13 feet, hut has not been able so far to repeat
the performance.

UP, UP (JOES Sumner Gill, who will challenge the U.C.L.A. stars.
Massey and Valentine, in the pole vault tomorrow. Early in the
season Gill got over 13 feet, hut has not been able so far to repeat
the performance.

UP, UP (JOES Sumner Gill, who will challenge the U.C.L.A. stars.
Massey and Valentine, in the pole vault tomorrow. Early in the
season Gill got over 13 feet, hut has not been able so far to repeat
the performance.

UP, UP (JOES Sumner Gill, who will challenge the U.C.L.A. stars.
Massey and Valentine, in the pole vault tomorrow. Early in the
season Gill got over 13 feet, hut has not been able so far to repeat
the performance.

UP, UP (JOES Sumner Gill, who will challenge the U.C.L.A. stars.
Massey and Valentine, in the pole vault tomorrow. Early in the
season Gill got over 13 feet, hut has not been able so far to repeat
the performance.

UP, UP (JOES Sumner Gill, who will challenge the U.C.L.A. stars.
Massey and Valentine, in the pole vault tomorrow. Early in the
season Gill got over 13 feet, hut has not been able so far to repeat
the performance.

UP, UP (JOES Sumner Gill, who will challenge the U.C.L.A. stars.
Massey and Valentine, in the pole vault tomorrow. Early in the
season Gill got over 13 feet, hut has not been able so far to repeat
the performance.

UP, UP (JOES Sumner Gill, who will challenge the U.C.L.A. stars.
Massey and Valentine, in the pole vault tomorrow. Early in the
season Gill got over 13 feet, hut has not been able so far to repeat
the performance.

UP, UP (JOES Sumner Gill, who will challenge the U.C.L.A. stars.
Massey and Valentine, in the pole vault tomorrow. Early in the
season Gill got over 13 feet, hut has not been able so far to repeat
the performance.

UP, UP (JOES Sumner Gill, who will challenge the U.C.L.A. stars.
Massey and Valentine, in the pole vault tomorrow. Early in the
season Gill got over 13 feet, hut has not been able so far to repeat
the performance.

UP, UP (JOES Sumner Gill, who will challenge the U.C.L.A. stars.
Massey and Valentine, in the pole vault tomorrow. Early in the
season Gill got over 13 feet, hut has not been able so far to repeat
the performance.

UP, UP (JOES Sumner Gill, who will challenge the U.C.L.A. stars.
Massey and Valentine, in the pole vault tomorrow. Early in the
season Gill got over 13 feet, hut has not been able so far to repeat
the performance.

UP, UP (JOES Sumner Gill, who will challenge the U.C.L.A. stars.
Massey and Valentine, in the pole vault tomorrow. Early in the
season Gill got over 13 feet, hut has not been able so far to repeat
the performance.

UP, UP (JOES Sumner Gill, who will challenge the U.C.L.A. stars.
Massey and Valentine, in the pole vault tomorrow. Early in the
season Gill got over 13 feet, hut has not been able so far to repeat
the performance.

UP, UP (JOES Sumner Gill, who will challenge the U.C.L.A. stars.
Massey and Valentine, in the pole vault tomorrow. Early in the
season Gill got over 13 feet, hut has not been able so far to repeat
the performance.
