# GIVE US THIS DAY OUR DAILY
## 
### 
This week the Daily is beginning a two week
tryoutee period in which all students who have
never mustered sufficient bravado to come to
these fabulous surroundings are invited to at
tend a series of meetings intended to introduce
them to the people, the techniques, the tradi
tions, the hopes and the despairs that make this
paper that daily serves as the only obstacle be
tween most Stanford students and their lectur
ing professors.
During this period our staff editor will at
tempt to provide training in sufficient tech
niques for any aspiring poet, criminologist, col
umnist, doctor, lawyer or whatever else this
Farm affords, to begin the work that actually
puts out the paper.
Obviously the Daily gives its slaves a unique
chance to meet and talk with campus notables
of all sizes, descriptions and degrees of author
ity; another thing that it does that is not nearly
so obvious is to provide a life within campus
life.
The Daily is a continuous organization run
completely by students. It puts out a paper
every day—its work is there in black and white
and the paper is no better than each day's issue.
Beginning with the lowliest reporter, the
Daily is a strange hierarchy and there are posi
tions for people of practically every interest.
A constant responsibility to a continuing task
gives the Daily its unique practical value. As
each new group goes through the hierarchy it
develops an individual loyalty and spirit that
has made the Daily - a famous place to work.
The Daily is now asking for people who are
interested to come over and become those addi
tions to our staff that will see this work, per
haps of doubtful merit, but certainly followed
with blind loyalty, through the years when a
little more well-meant callowness has had to
replace the experience that was required on
other fronts.
The Daily is today setting a war tone that
speaks for Stanford students. We envy the peo
ple beginning now because they will carry this
Dippy to its postwar future.
If you are interested, come over and see us
tomorrow night.
This week the Daily is beginning a two week
tryoutee period in which all students who have
never mustered sufficient bravado to come to
these fabulous surroundings are invited to at
tend a series of meetings intended to introduce
them to the people, the techniques, the tradi
tions, the hopes and the despairs that make this
paper that daily serves as the only obstacle be
tween most Stanford students and their lectur
ing professors.
During this period our staff editor will at
tempt to provide training in sufficient tech
niques for any aspiring poet, criminologist, col
umnist, doctor, lawyer or whatever else this
Farm affords, to begin the work that actually
puts out the paper.
Obviously the Daily gives its slaves a unique
chance to meet and talk with campus notables
of all sizes, descriptions and degrees of author
ity; another thing that it does that is not nearly
so obvious is to provide a life within campus
life.
The Daily is a continuous organization run
completely by students. It puts out a paper
every day—its work is there in black and white
and the paper is no better than each day's issue.
Beginning with the lowliest reporter, the
Daily is a strange hierarchy and there are posi
tions for people of practically every interest.
A constant responsibility to a continuing task
gives the Daily its unique practical value. As
each new group goes through the hierarchy it
develops an individual loyalty and spirit that
has made the Daily - a famous place to work.
The Daily is now asking for people who are
interested to come over and become those addi
tions to our staff that will see this work, per
haps of doubtful merit, but certainly followed
with blind loyalty, through the years when a
little more well-meant callowness has had to
replace the experience that was required on
other fronts.
The Daily is today setting a war tone that
speaks for Stanford students. We envy the peo
ple beginning now because they will carry this
Dippy to its postwar future.
If you are interested, come over and see us
tomorrow night.
This week the Daily is beginning a two week
tryoutee period in which all students who have
never mustered sufficient bravado to come to
these fabulous surroundings are invited to at
tend a series of meetings intended to introduce
them to the people, the techniques, the tradi
tions, the hopes and the despairs that make this
paper that daily serves as the only obstacle be
tween most Stanford students and their lectur
ing professors.
During this period our staff editor will at
tempt to provide training in sufficient tech
niques for any aspiring poet, criminologist, col
umnist, doctor, lawyer or whatever else this
Farm affords, to begin the work that actually
puts out the paper.
Obviously the Daily gives its slaves a unique
chance to meet and talk with campus notables
of all sizes, descriptions and degrees of author
ity; another thing that it does that is not nearly
so obvious is to provide a life within campus
life.
The Daily is a continuous organization run
completely by students. It puts out a paper
every day—its work is there in black and white
and the paper is no better than each day's issue.
Beginning with the lowliest reporter, the
Daily is a strange hierarchy and there are posi
tions for people of practically every interest.
A constant responsibility to a continuing task
gives the Daily its unique practical value. As
each new group goes through the hierarchy it
develops an individual loyalty and spirit that
has made the Daily - a famous place to work.
The Daily is now asking for people who are
interested to come over and become those addi
tions to our staff that will see this work, per
haps of doubtful merit, but certainly followed
with blind loyalty, through the years when a
little more well-meant callowness has had to
replace the experience that was required on
other fronts.
The Daily is today setting a war tone that
speaks for Stanford students. We envy the peo
ple beginning now because they will carry this
Dippy to its postwar future.
If you are interested, come over and see us
tomorrow night.
This week the Daily is beginning a two week
tryoutee period in which all students who have
never mustered sufficient bravado to come to
these fabulous surroundings are invited to at
tend a series of meetings intended to introduce
them to the people, the techniques, the tradi
tions, the hopes and the despairs that make this
paper that daily serves as the only obstacle be
tween most Stanford students and their lectur
ing professors.
During this period our staff editor will at
tempt to provide training in sufficient tech
niques for any aspiring poet, criminologist, col
umnist, doctor, lawyer or whatever else this
Farm affords, to begin the work that actually
puts out the paper.
Obviously the Daily gives its slaves a unique
chance to meet and talk with campus notables
of all sizes, descriptions and degrees of author
ity; another thing that it does that is not nearly
so obvious is to provide a life within campus
life.
The Daily is a continuous organization run
completely by students. It puts out a paper
every day—its work is there in black and white
and the paper is no better than each day's issue.
Beginning with the lowliest reporter, the
Daily is a strange hierarchy and there are posi
tions for people of practically every interest.
A constant responsibility to a continuing task
gives the Daily its unique practical value. As
each new group goes through the hierarchy it
develops an individual loyalty and spirit that
has made the Daily - a famous place to work.
The Daily is now asking for people who are
interested to come over and become those addi
tions to our staff that will see this work, per
haps of doubtful merit, but certainly followed
with blind loyalty, through the years when a
little more well-meant callowness has had to
replace the experience that was required on
other fronts.
The Daily is today setting a war tone that
speaks for Stanford students. We envy the peo
ple beginning now because they will carry this
Dippy to its postwar future.
If you are interested, come over and see us
tomorrow night.
This week the Daily is beginning a two week
tryoutee period in which all students who have
never mustered sufficient bravado to come to
these fabulous surroundings are invited to at
tend a series of meetings intended to introduce
them to the people, the techniques, the tradi
tions, the hopes and the despairs that make this
paper that daily serves as the only obstacle be
tween most Stanford students and their lectur
ing professors.
During this period our staff editor will at
tempt to provide training in sufficient tech
niques for any aspiring poet, criminologist, col
umnist, doctor, lawyer or whatever else this
Farm affords, to begin the work that actually
puts out the paper.
Obviously the Daily gives its slaves a unique
chance to meet and talk with campus notables
of all sizes, descriptions and degrees of author
ity; another thing that it does that is not nearly
so obvious is to provide a life within campus
life.
The Daily is a continuous organization run
completely by students. It puts out a paper
every day—its work is there in black and white
and the paper is no better than each day's issue.
Beginning with the lowliest reporter, the
Daily is a strange hierarchy and there are posi
tions for people of practically every interest.
A constant responsibility to a continuing task
gives the Daily its unique practical value. As
each new group goes through the hierarchy it
develops an individual loyalty and spirit that
has made the Daily - a famous place to work.
The Daily is now asking for people who are
interested to come over and become those addi
tions to our staff that will see this work, per
haps of doubtful merit, but certainly followed
with blind loyalty, through the years when a
little more well-meant callowness has had to
replace the experience that was required on
other fronts.
The Daily is today setting a war tone that
speaks for Stanford students. We envy the peo
ple beginning now because they will carry this
Dippy to its postwar future.
If you are interested, come over and see us
tomorrow night.
This week the Daily is beginning a two week
tryoutee period in which all students who have
never mustered sufficient bravado to come to
these fabulous surroundings are invited to at
tend a series of meetings intended to introduce
them to the people, the techniques, the tradi
tions, the hopes and the despairs that make this
paper that daily serves as the only obstacle be
tween most Stanford students and their lectur
ing professors.
During this period our staff editor will at
tempt to provide training in sufficient tech
niques for any aspiring poet, criminologist, col
umnist, doctor, lawyer or whatever else this
Farm affords, to begin the work that actually
puts out the paper.
Obviously the Daily gives its slaves a unique
chance to meet and talk with campus notables
of all sizes, descriptions and degrees of author
ity; another thing that it does that is not nearly
so obvious is to provide a life within campus
life.
The Daily is a continuous organization run
completely by students. It puts out a paper
every day—its work is there in black and white
and the paper is no better than each day's issue.
Beginning with the lowliest reporter, the
Daily is a strange hierarchy and there are posi
tions for people of practically every interest.
A constant responsibility to a continuing task
gives the Daily its unique practical value. As
each new group goes through the hierarchy it
develops an individual loyalty and spirit that
has made the Daily - a famous place to work.
The Daily is now asking for people who are
interested to come over and become those addi
tions to our staff that will see this work, per
haps of doubtful merit, but certainly followed
with blind loyalty, through the years when a
little more well-meant callowness has had to
replace the experience that was required on
other fronts.
The Daily is today setting a war tone that
speaks for Stanford students. We envy the peo
ple beginning now because they will carry this
Dippy to its postwar future.
If you are interested, come over and see us
tomorrow night.
This week the Daily is beginning a two week
tryoutee period in which all students who have
never mustered sufficient bravado to come to
these fabulous surroundings are invited to at
tend a series of meetings intended to introduce
them to the people, the techniques, the tradi
tions, the hopes and the despairs that make this
paper that daily serves as the only obstacle be
tween most Stanford students and their lectur
ing professors.
During this period our staff editor will at
tempt to provide training in sufficient tech
niques for any aspiring poet, criminologist, col
umnist, doctor, lawyer or whatever else this
Farm affords, to begin the work that actually
puts out the paper.
Obviously the Daily gives its slaves a unique
chance to meet and talk with campus notables
of all sizes, descriptions and degrees of author
ity; another thing that it does that is not nearly
so obvious is to provide a life within campus
life.
The Daily is a continuous organization run
completely by students. It puts out a paper
every day—its work is there in black and white
and the paper is no better than each day's issue.
Beginning with the lowliest reporter, the
Daily is a strange hierarchy and there are posi
tions for people of practically every interest.
A constant responsibility to a continuing task
gives the Daily its unique practical value. As
each new group goes through the hierarchy it
develops an individual loyalty and spirit that
has made the Daily - a famous place to work.
The Daily is now asking for people who are
interested to come over and become those addi
tions to our staff that will see this work, per
haps of doubtful merit, but certainly followed
with blind loyalty, through the years when a
little more well-meant callowness has had to
replace the experience that was required on
other fronts.
The Daily is today setting a war tone that
speaks for Stanford students. We envy the peo
ple beginning now because they will carry this
Dippy to its postwar future.
If you are interested, come over and see us
tomorrow night.
This week the Daily is beginning a two week
tryoutee period in which all students who have
never mustered sufficient bravado to come to
these fabulous surroundings are invited to at
tend a series of meetings intended to introduce
them to the people, the techniques, the tradi
tions, the hopes and the despairs that make this
paper that daily serves as the only obstacle be
tween most Stanford students and their lectur
ing professors.
During this period our staff editor will at
tempt to provide training in sufficient tech
niques for any aspiring poet, criminologist, col
umnist, doctor, lawyer or whatever else this
Farm affords, to begin the work that actually
puts out the paper.
Obviously the Daily gives its slaves a unique
chance to meet and talk with campus notables
of all sizes, descriptions and degrees of author
ity; another thing that it does that is not nearly
so obvious is to provide a life within campus
life.
The Daily is a continuous organization run
completely by students. It puts out a paper
every day—its work is there in black and white
and the paper is no better than each day's issue.
Beginning with the lowliest reporter, the
Daily is a strange hierarchy and there are posi
tions for people of practically every interest.
A constant responsibility to a continuing task
gives the Daily its unique practical value. As
each new group goes through the hierarchy it
develops an individual loyalty and spirit that
has made the Daily - a famous place to work.
The Daily is now asking for people who are
interested to come over and become those addi
tions to our staff that will see this work, per
haps of doubtful merit, but certainly followed
with blind loyalty, through the years when a
little more well-meant callowness has had to
replace the experience that was required on
other fronts.
The Daily is today setting a war tone that
speaks for Stanford students. We envy the peo
ple beginning now because they will carry this
Dippy to its postwar future.
If you are interested, come over and see us
tomorrow night.
This week the Daily is beginning a two week
tryoutee period in which all students who have
never mustered sufficient bravado to come to
these fabulous surroundings are invited to at
tend a series of meetings intended to introduce
them to the people, the techniques, the tradi
tions, the hopes and the despairs that make this
paper that daily serves as the only obstacle be
tween most Stanford students and their lectur
ing professors.
During this period our staff editor will at
tempt to provide training in sufficient tech
niques for any aspiring poet, criminologist, col
umnist, doctor, lawyer or whatever else this
Farm affords, to begin the work that actually
puts out the paper.
Obviously the Daily gives its slaves a unique
chance to meet and talk with campus notables
of all sizes, descriptions and degrees of author
ity; another thing that it does that is not nearly
so obvious is to provide a life within campus
life.
The Daily is a continuous organization run
completely by students. It puts out a paper
every day—its work is there in black and white
and the paper is no better than each day's issue.
Beginning with the lowliest reporter, the
Daily is a strange hierarchy and there are posi
tions for people of practically every interest.
A constant responsibility to a continuing task
gives the Daily its unique practical value. As
each new group goes through the hierarchy it
develops an individual loyalty and spirit that
has made the Daily - a famous place to work.
The Daily is now asking for people who are
interested to come over and become those addi
tions to our staff that will see this work, per
haps of doubtful merit, but certainly followed
with blind loyalty, through the years when a
little more well-meant callowness has had to
replace the experience that was required on
other fronts.
The Daily is today setting a war tone that
speaks for Stanford students. We envy the peo
ple beginning now because they will carry this
Dippy to its postwar future.
If you are interested, come over and see us
tomorrow night.
This week the Daily is beginning a two week
tryoutee period in which all students who have
never mustered sufficient bravado to come to
these fabulous surroundings are invited to at
tend a series of meetings intended to introduce
them to the people, the techniques, the tradi
tions, the hopes and the despairs that make this
paper that daily serves as the only obstacle be
tween most Stanford students and their lectur
ing professors.
During this period our staff editor will at
tempt to provide training in sufficient tech
niques for any aspiring poet, criminologist, col
umnist, doctor, lawyer or whatever else this
Farm affords, to begin the work that actually
puts out the paper.
Obviously the Daily gives its slaves a unique
chance to meet and talk with campus notables
of all sizes, descriptions and degrees of author
ity; another thing that it does that is not nearly
so obvious is to provide a life within campus
life.
The Daily is a continuous organization run
completely by students. It puts out a paper
every day—its work is there in black and white
and the paper is no better than each day's issue.
Beginning with the lowliest reporter, the
Daily is a strange hierarchy and there are posi
tions for people of practically every interest.
A constant responsibility to a continuing task
gives the Daily its unique practical value. As
each new group goes through the hierarchy it
develops an individual loyalty and spirit that
has made the Daily - a famous place to work.
The Daily is now asking for people who are
interested to come over and become those addi
tions to our staff that will see this work, per
haps of doubtful merit, but certainly followed
with blind loyalty, through the years when a
little more well-meant callowness has had to
replace the experience that was required on
other fronts.
The Daily is today setting a war tone that
speaks for Stanford students. We envy the peo
ple beginning now because they will carry this
Dippy to its postwar future.
If you are interested, come over and see us
tomorrow night.
This week the Daily is beginning a two week
tryoutee period in which all students who have
never mustered sufficient bravado to come to
these fabulous surroundings are invited to at
tend a series of meetings intended to introduce
them to the people, the techniques, the tradi
tions, the hopes and the despairs that make this
paper that daily serves as the only obstacle be
tween most Stanford students and their lectur
ing professors.
During this period our staff editor will at
tempt to provide training in sufficient tech
niques for any aspiring poet, criminologist, col
umnist, doctor, lawyer or whatever else this
Farm affords, to begin the work that actually
puts out the paper.
Obviously the Daily gives its slaves a unique
chance to meet and talk with campus notables
of all sizes, descriptions and degrees of author
ity; another thing that it does that is not nearly
so obvious is to provide a life within campus
life.
The Daily is a continuous organization run
completely by students. It puts out a paper
every day—its work is there in black and white
and the paper is no better than each day's issue.
Beginning with the lowliest reporter, the
Daily is a strange hierarchy and there are posi
tions for people of practically every interest.
A constant responsibility to a continuing task
gives the Daily its unique practical value. As
each new group goes through the hierarchy it
develops an individual loyalty and spirit that
has made the Daily - a famous place to work.
The Daily is now asking for people who are
interested to come over and become those addi
tions to our staff that will see this work, per
haps of doubtful merit, but certainly followed
with blind loyalty, through the years when a
little more well-meant callowness has had to
replace the experience that was required on
other fronts.
The Daily is today setting a war tone that
speaks for Stanford students. We envy the peo
ple beginning now because they will carry this
Dippy to its postwar future.
If you are interested, come over and see us
tomorrow night.
This week the Daily is beginning a two week
tryoutee period in which all students who have
never mustered sufficient bravado to come to
these fabulous surroundings are invited to at
tend a series of meetings intended to introduce
them to the people, the techniques, the tradi
tions, the hopes and the despairs that make this
paper that daily serves as the only obstacle be
tween most Stanford students and their lectur
ing professors.
During this period our staff editor will at
tempt to provide training in sufficient tech
niques for any aspiring poet, criminologist, col
umnist, doctor, lawyer or whatever else this
Farm affords, to begin the work that actually
puts out the paper.
Obviously the Daily gives its slaves a unique
chance to meet and talk with campus notables
of all sizes, descriptions and degrees of author
ity; another thing that it does that is not nearly
so obvious is to provide a life within campus
life.
The Daily is a continuous organization run
completely by students. It puts out a paper
every day—its work is there in black and white
and the paper is no better than each day's issue.
Beginning with the lowliest reporter, the
Daily is a strange hierarchy and there are posi
tions for people of practically every interest.
A constant responsibility to a continuing task
gives the Daily its unique practical value. As
each new group goes through the hierarchy it
develops an individual loyalty and spirit that
has made the Daily - a famous place to work.
The Daily is now asking for people who are
interested to come over and become those addi
tions to our staff that will see this work, per
haps of doubtful merit, but certainly followed
with blind loyalty, through the years when a
little more well-meant callowness has had to
replace the experience that was required on
other fronts.
The Daily is today setting a war tone that
speaks for Stanford students. We envy the peo
ple beginning now because they will carry this
Dippy to its postwar future.
If you are interested, come over and see us
tomorrow night.
This week the Daily is beginning a two week
tryoutee period in which all students who have
never mustered sufficient bravado to come to
these fabulous surroundings are invited to at
tend a series of meetings intended to introduce
them to the people, the techniques, the tradi
tions, the hopes and the despairs that make this
paper that daily serves as the only obstacle be
tween most Stanford students and their lectur
ing professors.
During this period our staff editor will at
tempt to provide training in sufficient tech
niques for any aspiring poet, criminologist, col
umnist, doctor, lawyer or whatever else this
Farm affords, to begin the work that actually
puts out the paper.
Obviously the Daily gives its slaves a unique
chance to meet and talk with campus notables
of all sizes, descriptions and degrees of author
ity; another thing that it does that is not nearly
so obvious is to provide a life within campus
life.
The Daily is a continuous organization run
completely by students. It puts out a paper
every day—its work is there in black and white
and the paper is no better than each day's issue.
Beginning with the lowliest reporter, the
Daily is a strange hierarchy and there are posi
tions for people of practically every interest.
A constant responsibility to a continuing task
gives the Daily its unique practical value. As
each new group goes through the hierarchy it
develops an individual loyalty and spirit that
has made the Daily - a famous place to work.
The Daily is now asking for people who are
interested to come over and become those addi
tions to our staff that will see this work, per
haps of doubtful merit, but certainly followed
with blind loyalty, through the years when a
little more well-meant callowness has had to
replace the experience that was required on
other fronts.
The Daily is today setting a war tone that
speaks for Stanford students. We envy the peo
ple beginning now because they will carry this
Dippy to its postwar future.
If you are interested, come over and see us
tomorrow night.
This week the Daily is beginning a two week
tryoutee period in which all students who have
never mustered sufficient bravado to come to
these fabulous surroundings are invited to at
tend a series of meetings intended to introduce
them to the people, the techniques, the tradi
tions, the hopes and the despairs that make this
paper that daily serves as the only obstacle be
tween most Stanford students and their lectur
ing professors.
During this period our staff editor will at
tempt to provide training in sufficient tech
niques for any aspiring poet, criminologist, col
umnist, doctor, lawyer or whatever else this
Farm affords, to begin the work that actually
puts out the paper.
Obviously the Daily gives its slaves a unique
chance to meet and talk with campus notables
of all sizes, descriptions and degrees of author
ity; another thing that it does that is not nearly
so obvious is to provide a life within campus
life.
The Daily is a continuous organization run
completely by students. It puts out a paper
every day—its work is there in black and white
and the paper is no better than each day's issue.
Beginning with the lowliest reporter, the
Daily is a strange hierarchy and there are posi
tions for people of practically every interest.
A constant responsibility to a continuing task
gives the Daily its unique practical value. As
each new group goes through the hierarchy it
develops an individual loyalty and spirit that
has made the Daily - a famous place to work.
The Daily is now asking for people who are
interested to come over and become those addi
tions to our staff that will see this work, per
haps of doubtful merit, but certainly followed
with blind loyalty, through the years when a
little more well-meant callowness has had to
replace the experience that was required on
other fronts.
The Daily is today setting a war tone that
speaks for Stanford students. We envy the peo
ple beginning now because they will carry this
Dippy to its postwar future.
If you are interested, come over and see us
tomorrow night.
This week the Daily is beginning a two week
tryoutee period in which all students who have
never mustered sufficient bravado to come to
these fabulous surroundings are invited to at
tend a series of meetings intended to introduce
them to the people, the techniques, the tradi
tions, the hopes and the despairs that make this
paper that daily serves as the only obstacle be
tween most Stanford students and their lectur
ing professors.
During this period our staff editor will at
tempt to provide training in sufficient tech
niques for any aspiring poet, criminologist, col
umnist, doctor, lawyer or whatever else this
Farm affords, to begin the work that actually
puts out the paper.
Obviously the Daily gives its slaves a unique
chance to meet and talk with campus notables
of all sizes, descriptions and degrees of author
ity; another thing that it does that is not nearly
so obvious is to provide a life within campus
life.
The Daily is a continuous organization run
completely by students. It puts out a paper
every day—its work is there in black and white
and the paper is no better than each day's issue.
Beginning with the lowliest reporter, the
Daily is a strange hierarchy and there are posi
tions for people of practically every interest.
A constant responsibility to a continuing task
gives the Daily its unique practical value. As
each new group goes through the hierarchy it
develops an individual loyalty and spirit that
has made the Daily - a famous place to work.
The Daily is now asking for people who are
interested to come over and become those addi
tions to our staff that will see this work, per
haps of doubtful merit, but certainly followed
with blind loyalty, through the years when a
little more well-meant callowness has had to
replace the experience that was required on
other fronts.
The Daily is today setting a war tone that
speaks for Stanford students. We envy the peo
ple beginning now because they will carry this
Dippy to its postwar future.
If you are interested, come over and see us
tomorrow night.
