# Russians Advance In South Poland
## 
### 
LONDON, Jan. 15 (UP).—Russian
tanks and infantry advanced up to
17 miles through scattered German
lines in south central Poland yes
terday, smashing to within 63 miles
of the richest coal fields of south
eastern Germany, while Berlin re
ported two new mighty Red Army
offensives north and south of War
saw.
Along a 600-mile front from the
Baltic Sea to Budapest, almost the
entire eastern front was ablaze on
the third day of the Red Army's
"general winter offensive." Some
600,000 Soviet troops were attacking
in south central Poland, according
to Berlin, which warned the German
nation that "the Red Army is not
simply aiming to gain ground but
intends to end the war."
LONDON, Jan. 15 (UP).—Russian
tanks and infantry advanced up to
17 miles through scattered German
lines in south central Poland yes
terday, smashing to within 63 miles
of the richest coal fields of south
eastern Germany, while Berlin re
ported two new mighty Red Army
offensives north and south of War
saw.
Along a 600-mile front from the
Baltic Sea to Budapest, almost the
entire eastern front was ablaze on
the third day of the Red Army's
"general winter offensive." Some
600,000 Soviet troops were attacking
in south central Poland, according
to Berlin, which warned the German
nation that "the Red Army is not
simply aiming to gain ground but
intends to end the war."
LONDON, Jan. 15 (UP).—Russian
tanks and infantry advanced up to
17 miles through scattered German
lines in south central Poland yes
terday, smashing to within 63 miles
of the richest coal fields of south
eastern Germany, while Berlin re
ported two new mighty Red Army
offensives north and south of War
saw.
Along a 600-mile front from the
Baltic Sea to Budapest, almost the
entire eastern front was ablaze on
the third day of the Red Army's
"general winter offensive." Some
600,000 Soviet troops were attacking
in south central Poland, according
to Berlin, which warned the German
nation that "the Red Army is not
simply aiming to gain ground but
intends to end the war."
LONDON, Jan. 15 (UP).—Russian
tanks and infantry advanced up to
17 miles through scattered German
lines in south central Poland yes
terday, smashing to within 63 miles
of the richest coal fields of south
eastern Germany, while Berlin re
ported two new mighty Red Army
offensives north and south of War
saw.
Along a 600-mile front from the
Baltic Sea to Budapest, almost the
entire eastern front was ablaze on
the third day of the Red Army's
"general winter offensive." Some
600,000 Soviet troops were attacking
in south central Poland, according
to Berlin, which warned the German
nation that "the Red Army is not
simply aiming to gain ground but
intends to end the war."
LONDON, Jan. 15 (UP).—Russian
tanks and infantry advanced up to
17 miles through scattered German
lines in south central Poland yes
terday, smashing to within 63 miles
of the richest coal fields of south
eastern Germany, while Berlin re
ported two new mighty Red Army
offensives north and south of War
saw.
Along a 600-mile front from the
Baltic Sea to Budapest, almost the
entire eastern front was ablaze on
the third day of the Red Army's
"general winter offensive." Some
600,000 Soviet troops were attacking
in south central Poland, according
to Berlin, which warned the German
nation that "the Red Army is not
simply aiming to gain ground but
intends to end the war."
LONDON, Jan. 15 (UP).—Russian
tanks and infantry advanced up to
17 miles through scattered German
lines in south central Poland yes
terday, smashing to within 63 miles
of the richest coal fields of south
eastern Germany, while Berlin re
ported two new mighty Red Army
offensives north and south of War
saw.
Along a 600-mile front from the
Baltic Sea to Budapest, almost the
entire eastern front was ablaze on
the third day of the Red Army's
"general winter offensive." Some
600,000 Soviet troops were attacking
in south central Poland, according
to Berlin, which warned the German
nation that "the Red Army is not
simply aiming to gain ground but
intends to end the war."
LONDON, Jan. 15 (UP).—Russian
tanks and infantry advanced up to
17 miles through scattered German
lines in south central Poland yes
terday, smashing to within 63 miles
of the richest coal fields of south
eastern Germany, while Berlin re
ported two new mighty Red Army
offensives north and south of War
saw.
Along a 600-mile front from the
Baltic Sea to Budapest, almost the
entire eastern front was ablaze on
the third day of the Red Army's
"general winter offensive." Some
600,000 Soviet troops were attacking
in south central Poland, according
to Berlin, which warned the German
nation that "the Red Army is not
simply aiming to gain ground but
intends to end the war."
LONDON, Jan. 15 (UP).—Russian
tanks and infantry advanced up to
17 miles through scattered German
lines in south central Poland yes
terday, smashing to within 63 miles
of the richest coal fields of south
eastern Germany, while Berlin re
ported two new mighty Red Army
offensives north and south of War
saw.
Along a 600-mile front from the
Baltic Sea to Budapest, almost the
entire eastern front was ablaze on
the third day of the Red Army's
"general winter offensive." Some
600,000 Soviet troops were attacking
in south central Poland, according
to Berlin, which warned the German
nation that "the Red Army is not
simply aiming to gain ground but
intends to end the war."
LONDON, Jan. 15 (UP).—Russian
tanks and infantry advanced up to
17 miles through scattered German
lines in south central Poland yes
terday, smashing to within 63 miles
of the richest coal fields of south
eastern Germany, while Berlin re
ported two new mighty Red Army
offensives north and south of War
saw.
Along a 600-mile front from the
Baltic Sea to Budapest, almost the
entire eastern front was ablaze on
the third day of the Red Army's
"general winter offensive." Some
600,000 Soviet troops were attacking
in south central Poland, according
to Berlin, which warned the German
nation that "the Red Army is not
simply aiming to gain ground but
intends to end the war."
LONDON, Jan. 15 (UP).—Russian
tanks and infantry advanced up to
17 miles through scattered German
lines in south central Poland yes
terday, smashing to within 63 miles
of the richest coal fields of south
eastern Germany, while Berlin re
ported two new mighty Red Army
offensives north and south of War
saw.
Along a 600-mile front from the
Baltic Sea to Budapest, almost the
entire eastern front was ablaze on
the third day of the Red Army's
"general winter offensive." Some
600,000 Soviet troops were attacking
in south central Poland, according
to Berlin, which warned the German
nation that "the Red Army is not
simply aiming to gain ground but
intends to end the war."
LONDON, Jan. 15 (UP).—Russian
tanks and infantry advanced up to
17 miles through scattered German
lines in south central Poland yes
terday, smashing to within 63 miles
of the richest coal fields of south
eastern Germany, while Berlin re
ported two new mighty Red Army
offensives north and south of War
saw.
Along a 600-mile front from the
Baltic Sea to Budapest, almost the
entire eastern front was ablaze on
the third day of the Red Army's
"general winter offensive." Some
600,000 Soviet troops were attacking
in south central Poland, according
to Berlin, which warned the German
nation that "the Red Army is not
simply aiming to gain ground but
intends to end the war."
LONDON, Jan. 15 (UP).—Russian
tanks and infantry advanced up to
17 miles through scattered German
lines in south central Poland yes
terday, smashing to within 63 miles
of the richest coal fields of south
eastern Germany, while Berlin re
ported two new mighty Red Army
offensives north and south of War
saw.
Along a 600-mile front from the
Baltic Sea to Budapest, almost the
entire eastern front was ablaze on
the third day of the Red Army's
"general winter offensive." Some
600,000 Soviet troops were attacking
in south central Poland, according
to Berlin, which warned the German
nation that "the Red Army is not
simply aiming to gain ground but
intends to end the war."
LONDON, Jan. 15 (UP).—Russian
tanks and infantry advanced up to
17 miles through scattered German
lines in south central Poland yes
terday, smashing to within 63 miles
of the richest coal fields of south
eastern Germany, while Berlin re
ported two new mighty Red Army
offensives north and south of War
saw.
Along a 600-mile front from the
Baltic Sea to Budapest, almost the
entire eastern front was ablaze on
the third day of the Red Army's
"general winter offensive." Some
600,000 Soviet troops were attacking
in south central Poland, according
to Berlin, which warned the German
nation that "the Red Army is not
simply aiming to gain ground but
intends to end the war."
LONDON, Jan. 15 (UP).—Russian
tanks and infantry advanced up to
17 miles through scattered German
lines in south central Poland yes
terday, smashing to within 63 miles
of the richest coal fields of south
eastern Germany, while Berlin re
ported two new mighty Red Army
offensives north and south of War
saw.
Along a 600-mile front from the
Baltic Sea to Budapest, almost the
entire eastern front was ablaze on
the third day of the Red Army's
"general winter offensive." Some
600,000 Soviet troops were attacking
in south central Poland, according
to Berlin, which warned the German
nation that "the Red Army is not
simply aiming to gain ground but
intends to end the war."
LONDON, Jan. 15 (UP).—Russian
tanks and infantry advanced up to
17 miles through scattered German
lines in south central Poland yes
terday, smashing to within 63 miles
of the richest coal fields of south
eastern Germany, while Berlin re
ported two new mighty Red Army
offensives north and south of War
saw.
Along a 600-mile front from the
Baltic Sea to Budapest, almost the
entire eastern front was ablaze on
the third day of the Red Army's
"general winter offensive." Some
600,000 Soviet troops were attacking
in south central Poland, according
to Berlin, which warned the German
nation that "the Red Army is not
simply aiming to gain ground but
intends to end the war."
