# Hot Jazz Society Will Meet Tonight
## 
### 
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will I
hold its first meeting of the quarter
tonight at 8 p.m. in the Music Lis
tening Room, according to President I
Joanne Shipp.
How to listen to jazz is the pur- j
pose of this meeting. All persons on |

campus who would be interested in
learning about jazz are cordially
invited to attend.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will I
hold its first meeting of the quarter
tonight at 8 p.m. in the Music Lis
tening Room, according to President I
Joanne Shipp.
How to listen to jazz is the pur- j
pose of this meeting. All persons on |

campus who would be interested in
learning about jazz are cordially
invited to attend.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will I
hold its first meeting of the quarter
tonight at 8 p.m. in the Music Lis
tening Room, according to President I
Joanne Shipp.
How to listen to jazz is the pur- j
pose of this meeting. All persons on |

campus who would be interested in
learning about jazz are cordially
invited to attend.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will I
hold its first meeting of the quarter
tonight at 8 p.m. in the Music Lis
tening Room, according to President I
Joanne Shipp.
How to listen to jazz is the pur- j
pose of this meeting. All persons on |

campus who would be interested in
learning about jazz are cordially
invited to attend.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will I
hold its first meeting of the quarter
tonight at 8 p.m. in the Music Lis
tening Room, according to President I
Joanne Shipp.
How to listen to jazz is the pur- j
pose of this meeting. All persons on |

campus who would be interested in
learning about jazz are cordially
invited to attend.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will I
hold its first meeting of the quarter
tonight at 8 p.m. in the Music Lis
tening Room, according to President I
Joanne Shipp.
How to listen to jazz is the pur- j
pose of this meeting. All persons on |

campus who would be interested in
learning about jazz are cordially
invited to attend.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will I
hold its first meeting of the quarter
tonight at 8 p.m. in the Music Lis
tening Room, according to President I
Joanne Shipp.
How to listen to jazz is the pur- j
pose of this meeting. All persons on |

campus who would be interested in
learning about jazz are cordially
invited to attend.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will I
hold its first meeting of the quarter
tonight at 8 p.m. in the Music Lis
tening Room, according to President I
Joanne Shipp.
How to listen to jazz is the pur- j
pose of this meeting. All persons on |

campus who would be interested in
learning about jazz are cordially
invited to attend.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will I
hold its first meeting of the quarter
tonight at 8 p.m. in the Music Lis
tening Room, according to President I
Joanne Shipp.
How to listen to jazz is the pur- j
pose of this meeting. All persons on |

campus who would be interested in
learning about jazz are cordially
invited to attend.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will I
hold its first meeting of the quarter
tonight at 8 p.m. in the Music Lis
tening Room, according to President I
Joanne Shipp.
How to listen to jazz is the pur- j
pose of this meeting. All persons on |

campus who would be interested in
learning about jazz are cordially
invited to attend.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will I
hold its first meeting of the quarter
tonight at 8 p.m. in the Music Lis
tening Room, according to President I
Joanne Shipp.
How to listen to jazz is the pur- j
pose of this meeting. All persons on |

campus who would be interested in
learning about jazz are cordially
invited to attend.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will I
hold its first meeting of the quarter
tonight at 8 p.m. in the Music Lis
tening Room, according to President I
Joanne Shipp.
How to listen to jazz is the pur- j
pose of this meeting. All persons on |

campus who would be interested in
learning about jazz are cordially
invited to attend.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will I
hold its first meeting of the quarter
tonight at 8 p.m. in the Music Lis
tening Room, according to President I
Joanne Shipp.
How to listen to jazz is the pur- j
pose of this meeting. All persons on |

campus who would be interested in
learning about jazz are cordially
invited to attend.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will I
hold its first meeting of the quarter
tonight at 8 p.m. in the Music Lis
tening Room, according to President I
Joanne Shipp.
How to listen to jazz is the pur- j
pose of this meeting. All persons on |

campus who would be interested in
learning about jazz are cordially
invited to attend.
Stanford's Hot Jazz Society will I
hold its first meeting of the quarter
tonight at 8 p.m. in the Music Lis
tening Room, according to President I
Joanne Shipp.
How to listen to jazz is the pur- j
pose of this meeting. All persons on |

campus who would be interested in
learning about jazz are cordially
invited to attend.
