# Scientist, Educator, Philosopher
## 
### 

Dr. David Starr Jordan, Stanford's first president and world-famous j
educator, scientist, and philosopher, celebrates his 79th birthday at his
campus home Sunday, January 19.

Dr. David Starr Jordan, Stanford's first president and world-famous j
educator, scientist, and philosopher, celebrates his 79th birthday at his
campus home Sunday, January 19.

Dr. David Starr Jordan, Stanford's first president and world-famous j
educator, scientist, and philosopher, celebrates his 79th birthday at his
campus home Sunday, January 19.

Dr. David Starr Jordan, Stanford's first president and world-famous j
educator, scientist, and philosopher, celebrates his 79th birthday at his
campus home Sunday, January 19.

Dr. David Starr Jordan, Stanford's first president and world-famous j
educator, scientist, and philosopher, celebrates his 79th birthday at his
campus home Sunday, January 19.

Dr. David Starr Jordan, Stanford's first president and world-famous j
educator, scientist, and philosopher, celebrates his 79th birthday at his
campus home Sunday, January 19.

Dr. David Starr Jordan, Stanford's first president and world-famous j
educator, scientist, and philosopher, celebrates his 79th birthday at his
campus home Sunday, January 19.

Dr. David Starr Jordan, Stanford's first president and world-famous j
educator, scientist, and philosopher, celebrates his 79th birthday at his
campus home Sunday, January 19.

Dr. David Starr Jordan, Stanford's first president and world-famous j
educator, scientist, and philosopher, celebrates his 79th birthday at his
campus home Sunday, January 19.

Dr. David Starr Jordan, Stanford's first president and world-famous j
educator, scientist, and philosopher, celebrates his 79th birthday at his
campus home Sunday, January 19.

Dr. David Starr Jordan, Stanford's first president and world-famous j
educator, scientist, and philosopher, celebrates his 79th birthday at his
campus home Sunday, January 19.

Dr. David Starr Jordan, Stanford's first president and world-famous j
educator, scientist, and philosopher, celebrates his 79th birthday at his
campus home Sunday, January 19.

Dr. David Starr Jordan, Stanford's first president and world-famous j
educator, scientist, and philosopher, celebrates his 79th birthday at his
campus home Sunday, January 19.

Dr. David Starr Jordan, Stanford's first president and world-famous j
educator, scientist, and philosopher, celebrates his 79th birthday at his
campus home Sunday, January 19.

Dr. David Starr Jordan, Stanford's first president and world-famous j
educator, scientist, and philosopher, celebrates his 79th birthday at his
campus home Sunday, January 19.

Dr. David Starr Jordan, Stanford's first president and world-famous j
educator, scientist, and philosopher, celebrates his 79th birthday at his
campus home Sunday, January 19.
