# Untitled Article
## 
### 
Albion College, Michigan, has
scheduled u night football game
with University of Detroit.
Albion College, Michigan, has
scheduled u night football game
with University of Detroit.
Albion College, Michigan, has
scheduled u night football game
with University of Detroit.
Albion College, Michigan, has
scheduled u night football game
with University of Detroit.
Albion College, Michigan, has
scheduled u night football game
with University of Detroit.
Albion College, Michigan, has
scheduled u night football game
with University of Detroit.
Albion College, Michigan, has
scheduled u night football game
with University of Detroit.
Albion College, Michigan, has
scheduled u night football game
with University of Detroit.
Albion College, Michigan, has
scheduled u night football game
with University of Detroit.
Albion College, Michigan, has
scheduled u night football game
with University of Detroit.
Albion College, Michigan, has
scheduled u night football game
with University of Detroit.
Albion College, Michigan, has
scheduled u night football game
with University of Detroit.
Albion College, Michigan, has
scheduled u night football game
with University of Detroit.
Albion College, Michigan, has
scheduled u night football game
with University of Detroit.
Albion College, Michigan, has
scheduled u night football game
with University of Detroit.
Albion College, Michigan, has
scheduled u night football game
with University of Detroit.
