# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The football rules committee has
authorized a white ball for night
, play.
The football rules committee has
authorized a white ball for night
, play.
The football rules committee has
authorized a white ball for night
, play.
The football rules committee has
authorized a white ball for night
, play.
The football rules committee has
authorized a white ball for night
, play.
The football rules committee has
authorized a white ball for night
, play.
The football rules committee has
authorized a white ball for night
, play.
The football rules committee has
authorized a white ball for night
, play.
The football rules committee has
authorized a white ball for night
, play.
The football rules committee has
authorized a white ball for night
, play.
The football rules committee has
authorized a white ball for night
, play.
The football rules committee has
authorized a white ball for night
, play.
The football rules committee has
authorized a white ball for night
, play.
The football rules committee has
authorized a white ball for night
, play.
The football rules committee has
authorized a white ball for night
, play.
The football rules committee has
authorized a white ball for night
, play.
