# Men's Glee Club To Hold Annual Banquet Tonight
## 
### 
Varied stunts and skits of a
musical and dramatic nature will
(nature the initiation banquet of
the Men's Glee Club which will be
held tonight at t! o'clock in the
Cardinal Hotel in Palo Alto. Danc
ing acts and singing by a male
quartet are the main events on the
entertainment program, according
to Ralph Wallace, chairman of the
banquet committee.
Some sixty clubmembers are ex
pected to be present at the dinner
a; which twenty-seven will be
ushered into the organization. Jack
McDowell, secretary of the Alumni
Association, and Warren I). Allen,
University organist, will attend
the affair.
Varied stunts and skits of a
musical and dramatic nature will
(nature the initiation banquet of
the Men's Glee Club which will be
held tonight at t! o'clock in the
Cardinal Hotel in Palo Alto. Danc
ing acts and singing by a male
quartet are the main events on the
entertainment program, according
to Ralph Wallace, chairman of the
banquet committee.
Some sixty clubmembers are ex
pected to be present at the dinner
a; which twenty-seven will be
ushered into the organization. Jack
McDowell, secretary of the Alumni
Association, and Warren I). Allen,
University organist, will attend
the affair.
Varied stunts and skits of a
musical and dramatic nature will
(nature the initiation banquet of
the Men's Glee Club which will be
held tonight at t! o'clock in the
Cardinal Hotel in Palo Alto. Danc
ing acts and singing by a male
quartet are the main events on the
entertainment program, according
to Ralph Wallace, chairman of the
banquet committee.
Some sixty clubmembers are ex
pected to be present at the dinner
a; which twenty-seven will be
ushered into the organization. Jack
McDowell, secretary of the Alumni
Association, and Warren I). Allen,
University organist, will attend
the affair.
Varied stunts and skits of a
musical and dramatic nature will
(nature the initiation banquet of
the Men's Glee Club which will be
held tonight at t! o'clock in the
Cardinal Hotel in Palo Alto. Danc
ing acts and singing by a male
quartet are the main events on the
entertainment program, according
to Ralph Wallace, chairman of the
banquet committee.
Some sixty clubmembers are ex
pected to be present at the dinner
a; which twenty-seven will be
ushered into the organization. Jack
McDowell, secretary of the Alumni
Association, and Warren I). Allen,
University organist, will attend
the affair.
Varied stunts and skits of a
musical and dramatic nature will
(nature the initiation banquet of
the Men's Glee Club which will be
held tonight at t! o'clock in the
Cardinal Hotel in Palo Alto. Danc
ing acts and singing by a male
quartet are the main events on the
entertainment program, according
to Ralph Wallace, chairman of the
banquet committee.
Some sixty clubmembers are ex
pected to be present at the dinner
a; which twenty-seven will be
ushered into the organization. Jack
McDowell, secretary of the Alumni
Association, and Warren I). Allen,
University organist, will attend
the affair.
Varied stunts and skits of a
musical and dramatic nature will
(nature the initiation banquet of
the Men's Glee Club which will be
held tonight at t! o'clock in the
Cardinal Hotel in Palo Alto. Danc
ing acts and singing by a male
quartet are the main events on the
entertainment program, according
to Ralph Wallace, chairman of the
banquet committee.
Some sixty clubmembers are ex
pected to be present at the dinner
a; which twenty-seven will be
ushered into the organization. Jack
McDowell, secretary of the Alumni
Association, and Warren I). Allen,
University organist, will attend
the affair.
Varied stunts and skits of a
musical and dramatic nature will
(nature the initiation banquet of
the Men's Glee Club which will be
held tonight at t! o'clock in the
Cardinal Hotel in Palo Alto. Danc
ing acts and singing by a male
quartet are the main events on the
entertainment program, according
to Ralph Wallace, chairman of the
banquet committee.
Some sixty clubmembers are ex
pected to be present at the dinner
a; which twenty-seven will be
ushered into the organization. Jack
McDowell, secretary of the Alumni
Association, and Warren I). Allen,
University organist, will attend
the affair.
Varied stunts and skits of a
musical and dramatic nature will
(nature the initiation banquet of
the Men's Glee Club which will be
held tonight at t! o'clock in the
Cardinal Hotel in Palo Alto. Danc
ing acts and singing by a male
quartet are the main events on the
entertainment program, according
to Ralph Wallace, chairman of the
banquet committee.
Some sixty clubmembers are ex
pected to be present at the dinner
a; which twenty-seven will be
ushered into the organization. Jack
McDowell, secretary of the Alumni
Association, and Warren I). Allen,
University organist, will attend
the affair.
Varied stunts and skits of a
musical and dramatic nature will
(nature the initiation banquet of
the Men's Glee Club which will be
held tonight at t! o'clock in the
Cardinal Hotel in Palo Alto. Danc
ing acts and singing by a male
quartet are the main events on the
entertainment program, according
to Ralph Wallace, chairman of the
banquet committee.
Some sixty clubmembers are ex
pected to be present at the dinner
a; which twenty-seven will be
ushered into the organization. Jack
McDowell, secretary of the Alumni
Association, and Warren I). Allen,
University organist, will attend
the affair.
Varied stunts and skits of a
musical and dramatic nature will
(nature the initiation banquet of
the Men's Glee Club which will be
held tonight at t! o'clock in the
Cardinal Hotel in Palo Alto. Danc
ing acts and singing by a male
quartet are the main events on the
entertainment program, according
to Ralph Wallace, chairman of the
banquet committee.
Some sixty clubmembers are ex
pected to be present at the dinner
a; which twenty-seven will be
ushered into the organization. Jack
McDowell, secretary of the Alumni
Association, and Warren I). Allen,
University organist, will attend
the affair.
Varied stunts and skits of a
musical and dramatic nature will
(nature the initiation banquet of
the Men's Glee Club which will be
held tonight at t! o'clock in the
Cardinal Hotel in Palo Alto. Danc
ing acts and singing by a male
quartet are the main events on the
entertainment program, according
to Ralph Wallace, chairman of the
banquet committee.
Some sixty clubmembers are ex
pected to be present at the dinner
a; which twenty-seven will be
ushered into the organization. Jack
McDowell, secretary of the Alumni
Association, and Warren I). Allen,
University organist, will attend
the affair.
Varied stunts and skits of a
musical and dramatic nature will
(nature the initiation banquet of
the Men's Glee Club which will be
held tonight at t! o'clock in the
Cardinal Hotel in Palo Alto. Danc
ing acts and singing by a male
quartet are the main events on the
entertainment program, according
to Ralph Wallace, chairman of the
banquet committee.
Some sixty clubmembers are ex
pected to be present at the dinner
a; which twenty-seven will be
ushered into the organization. Jack
McDowell, secretary of the Alumni
Association, and Warren I). Allen,
University organist, will attend
the affair.
Varied stunts and skits of a
musical and dramatic nature will
(nature the initiation banquet of
the Men's Glee Club which will be
held tonight at t! o'clock in the
Cardinal Hotel in Palo Alto. Danc
ing acts and singing by a male
quartet are the main events on the
entertainment program, according
to Ralph Wallace, chairman of the
banquet committee.
Some sixty clubmembers are ex
pected to be present at the dinner
a; which twenty-seven will be
ushered into the organization. Jack
McDowell, secretary of the Alumni
Association, and Warren I). Allen,
University organist, will attend
the affair.
Varied stunts and skits of a
musical and dramatic nature will
(nature the initiation banquet of
the Men's Glee Club which will be
held tonight at t! o'clock in the
Cardinal Hotel in Palo Alto. Danc
ing acts and singing by a male
quartet are the main events on the
entertainment program, according
to Ralph Wallace, chairman of the
banquet committee.
Some sixty clubmembers are ex
pected to be present at the dinner
a; which twenty-seven will be
ushered into the organization. Jack
McDowell, secretary of the Alumni
Association, and Warren I). Allen,
University organist, will attend
the affair.
Varied stunts and skits of a
musical and dramatic nature will
(nature the initiation banquet of
the Men's Glee Club which will be
held tonight at t! o'clock in the
Cardinal Hotel in Palo Alto. Danc
ing acts and singing by a male
quartet are the main events on the
entertainment program, according
to Ralph Wallace, chairman of the
banquet committee.
Some sixty clubmembers are ex
pected to be present at the dinner
a; which twenty-seven will be
ushered into the organization. Jack
McDowell, secretary of the Alumni
Association, and Warren I). Allen,
University organist, will attend
the affair.
Varied stunts and skits of a
musical and dramatic nature will
(nature the initiation banquet of
the Men's Glee Club which will be
held tonight at t! o'clock in the
Cardinal Hotel in Palo Alto. Danc
ing acts and singing by a male
quartet are the main events on the
entertainment program, according
to Ralph Wallace, chairman of the
banquet committee.
Some sixty clubmembers are ex
pected to be present at the dinner
a; which twenty-seven will be
ushered into the organization. Jack
McDowell, secretary of the Alumni
Association, and Warren I). Allen,
University organist, will attend
the affair.
