# MURAL TENNIS SCHEDULED
## 
### 
Entries for intramural tennis
contests will close January 24, ac
j cording to Elwyn Bugge. All en
trants, both teams and individuals,
are advised to sign up on the bul
leting board in the Encina gymna
sium between now and the twenty
fourth. Bugge will answer any
questions concerning the tourna
ments.
Entries for intramural tennis
contests will close January 24, ac
j cording to Elwyn Bugge. All en
trants, both teams and individuals,
are advised to sign up on the bul
leting board in the Encina gymna
sium between now and the twenty
fourth. Bugge will answer any
questions concerning the tourna
ments.
Entries for intramural tennis
contests will close January 24, ac
j cording to Elwyn Bugge. All en
trants, both teams and individuals,
are advised to sign up on the bul
leting board in the Encina gymna
sium between now and the twenty
fourth. Bugge will answer any
questions concerning the tourna
ments.
Entries for intramural tennis
contests will close January 24, ac
j cording to Elwyn Bugge. All en
trants, both teams and individuals,
are advised to sign up on the bul
leting board in the Encina gymna
sium between now and the twenty
fourth. Bugge will answer any
questions concerning the tourna
ments.
Entries for intramural tennis
contests will close January 24, ac
j cording to Elwyn Bugge. All en
trants, both teams and individuals,
are advised to sign up on the bul
leting board in the Encina gymna
sium between now and the twenty
fourth. Bugge will answer any
questions concerning the tourna
ments.
Entries for intramural tennis
contests will close January 24, ac
j cording to Elwyn Bugge. All en
trants, both teams and individuals,
are advised to sign up on the bul
leting board in the Encina gymna
sium between now and the twenty
fourth. Bugge will answer any
questions concerning the tourna
ments.
Entries for intramural tennis
contests will close January 24, ac
j cording to Elwyn Bugge. All en
trants, both teams and individuals,
are advised to sign up on the bul
leting board in the Encina gymna
sium between now and the twenty
fourth. Bugge will answer any
questions concerning the tourna
ments.
Entries for intramural tennis
contests will close January 24, ac
j cording to Elwyn Bugge. All en
trants, both teams and individuals,
are advised to sign up on the bul
leting board in the Encina gymna
sium between now and the twenty
fourth. Bugge will answer any
questions concerning the tourna
ments.
Entries for intramural tennis
contests will close January 24, ac
j cording to Elwyn Bugge. All en
trants, both teams and individuals,
are advised to sign up on the bul
leting board in the Encina gymna
sium between now and the twenty
fourth. Bugge will answer any
questions concerning the tourna
ments.
Entries for intramural tennis
contests will close January 24, ac
j cording to Elwyn Bugge. All en
trants, both teams and individuals,
are advised to sign up on the bul
leting board in the Encina gymna
sium between now and the twenty
fourth. Bugge will answer any
questions concerning the tourna
ments.
Entries for intramural tennis
contests will close January 24, ac
j cording to Elwyn Bugge. All en
trants, both teams and individuals,
are advised to sign up on the bul
leting board in the Encina gymna
sium between now and the twenty
fourth. Bugge will answer any
questions concerning the tourna
ments.
Entries for intramural tennis
contests will close January 24, ac
j cording to Elwyn Bugge. All en
trants, both teams and individuals,
are advised to sign up on the bul
leting board in the Encina gymna
sium between now and the twenty
fourth. Bugge will answer any
questions concerning the tourna
ments.
Entries for intramural tennis
contests will close January 24, ac
j cording to Elwyn Bugge. All en
trants, both teams and individuals,
are advised to sign up on the bul
leting board in the Encina gymna
sium between now and the twenty
fourth. Bugge will answer any
questions concerning the tourna
ments.
Entries for intramural tennis
contests will close January 24, ac
j cording to Elwyn Bugge. All en
trants, both teams and individuals,
are advised to sign up on the bul
leting board in the Encina gymna
sium between now and the twenty
fourth. Bugge will answer any
questions concerning the tourna
ments.
Entries for intramural tennis
contests will close January 24, ac
j cording to Elwyn Bugge. All en
trants, both teams and individuals,
are advised to sign up on the bul
leting board in the Encina gymna
sium between now and the twenty
fourth. Bugge will answer any
questions concerning the tourna
ments.
Entries for intramural tennis
contests will close January 24, ac
j cording to Elwyn Bugge. All en
trants, both teams and individuals,
are advised to sign up on the bul
leting board in the Encina gymna
sium between now and the twenty
fourth. Bugge will answer any
questions concerning the tourna
ments.
