# GEOLOGY MEETING MONDAY
## 
### 
It. It. Wilson and Robert 11. Rose
will have charge of the meeting of
lite Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon at 4 o'clock. The meeting
will be held in room oi»4 in the
Geology Building.
It. It. Wilson and Robert 11. Rose
will have charge of the meeting of
lite Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon at 4 o'clock. The meeting
will be held in room oi»4 in the
Geology Building.
It. It. Wilson and Robert 11. Rose
will have charge of the meeting of
lite Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon at 4 o'clock. The meeting
will be held in room oi»4 in the
Geology Building.
It. It. Wilson and Robert 11. Rose
will have charge of the meeting of
lite Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon at 4 o'clock. The meeting
will be held in room oi»4 in the
Geology Building.
It. It. Wilson and Robert 11. Rose
will have charge of the meeting of
lite Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon at 4 o'clock. The meeting
will be held in room oi»4 in the
Geology Building.
It. It. Wilson and Robert 11. Rose
will have charge of the meeting of
lite Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon at 4 o'clock. The meeting
will be held in room oi»4 in the
Geology Building.
It. It. Wilson and Robert 11. Rose
will have charge of the meeting of
lite Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon at 4 o'clock. The meeting
will be held in room oi»4 in the
Geology Building.
It. It. Wilson and Robert 11. Rose
will have charge of the meeting of
lite Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon at 4 o'clock. The meeting
will be held in room oi»4 in the
Geology Building.
It. It. Wilson and Robert 11. Rose
will have charge of the meeting of
lite Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon at 4 o'clock. The meeting
will be held in room oi»4 in the
Geology Building.
It. It. Wilson and Robert 11. Rose
will have charge of the meeting of
lite Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon at 4 o'clock. The meeting
will be held in room oi»4 in the
Geology Building.
It. It. Wilson and Robert 11. Rose
will have charge of the meeting of
lite Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon at 4 o'clock. The meeting
will be held in room oi»4 in the
Geology Building.
It. It. Wilson and Robert 11. Rose
will have charge of the meeting of
lite Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon at 4 o'clock. The meeting
will be held in room oi»4 in the
Geology Building.
It. It. Wilson and Robert 11. Rose
will have charge of the meeting of
lite Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon at 4 o'clock. The meeting
will be held in room oi»4 in the
Geology Building.
It. It. Wilson and Robert 11. Rose
will have charge of the meeting of
lite Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon at 4 o'clock. The meeting
will be held in room oi»4 in the
Geology Building.
It. It. Wilson and Robert 11. Rose
will have charge of the meeting of
lite Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon at 4 o'clock. The meeting
will be held in room oi»4 in the
Geology Building.
It. It. Wilson and Robert 11. Rose
will have charge of the meeting of
lite Geology Journal Club Monday
afternoon at 4 o'clock. The meeting
will be held in room oi»4 in the
Geology Building.
