# ENGINEERS APPOINT NOMINATION BOARD FOR JOURNAL STAFF
## 
### 
A second step in the progress of the
proposed Stanford Engineering Jour
nal was taken last night when a nomi
nation board for the election of of
ficers for the new magazine was ap
pointed at a meeting of students from
all branches of engineering. Roland
Whyte, representing the Civil Engi
neering department; Fred E. Crever,
president of the Electrical Engineer
ing Society; W. A. Clark, geology and
mining; Donald P. Krotz, chemical en
gineering; Lewis A. Thomas, mechan
ical engineering; and Louis O. Howell,
representing the School of
ing, were elected to the board, which
will investigate and nominate qualified
students for the seven positions on the
staff of the new Stanford publication.
Election of the seven staff members
will take place at a meeting next Tues
day evening. An executive editor to
supervise the publication, an advertis
ing manager, and a student editor will
be chosen. No salary will be given ex
cept 10 per cent commission for adver
tising and subscriptions solicited. Uni
versity credit, however, will be given
for work done by the staff. The engi
neers decided last night definitely to
publish a monthly instead of a quar
terly magazine, the concensus of opin
ion being that the field for such work
at Stanford justified the monthly jour
nal.
Subscription to the magazine, which
will be of a semi-technical nature, will
be $2.50 per year, with a price of 35
cents for a single issue. The publica
tion will be financed by loans from
each of the several engineering depart
ments at Stanford, and will be self
supporting through subscriptions ami
advertising.
