# EX COMMITTEE NOTES
## 
### 
M.S.C. That Harrison T. Todd be
appointed senior tennis manager for
the 1926-27 season.
M.S.C. That Jan Tibbe, Joseph Diet
rick, and Clifton Moore be appointed
junior tennis managers, with William
Beard as alternate.
M.S.C. That Leland J. McColloch be
appointed senior track manager for
the 1926-27 season.
M.S.C. That Murray Draper, Gregory
Davis, Leonard Crary, Jay Lissner, and
George Robertson be appointed junior
track managers, with David Painter
and Graeme Doane as first and second
alternates, respectively.
M.S.C. That Benjamin C. Craft be
appointed senior baseball manager for
the 1926-27 season.
M.S.C. That Earl Harris, Harry Call,
Edward Converse, Eugene Duval, and
Verne King be appointed junior base
ball managers, with John Grant as
first alternate.
M.S.C. That Victor Greisser be elect
ed manager of The Daily Palo Alto for
the year 1926-27.
M.S.C. That the financial report of
Arthur Duncombe, manager of The
Stanford Lit, be accepted.
M.S.C. That the election returns as
submitted by John A. Sutro, chairman
of election board, be accepted.
M.S.C. That the resignation of Jack
Sutro as chairman of the election
board be accepted.
M.S.C. That George Ellsworth be
appointed chairman of the election
board.
M.S.C. That the following date be
cancelled: Delta Gamma Informal, May
29.

Twenty-five fraternities at the Uni
versity of Nebraska have joined to
gether to secure lower rent-a-Ford
rates.
