# Dixie-Jazz Concert To Go This P.M.
## 
### 
The first annual Stanford Dixie
land Jazz Concert will bo pre
sented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Memorial Auditorium. Sponsored
hy the junior class, the program
\v(ll feature such jazz greats as
Turk Murphy and his all-star ag
gregation and Earl "Fatha" Hines.
Tickets at $1.50 each will he on
sale this morning from 9 to noon
at Engineering Corner and The
Cellar.
The first annual Stanford Dixie
land Jazz Concert will bo pre
sented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Memorial Auditorium. Sponsored
hy the junior class, the program
\v(ll feature such jazz greats as
Turk Murphy and his all-star ag
gregation and Earl "Fatha" Hines.
Tickets at $1.50 each will he on
sale this morning from 9 to noon
at Engineering Corner and The
Cellar.
The first annual Stanford Dixie
land Jazz Concert will bo pre
sented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Memorial Auditorium. Sponsored
hy the junior class, the program
\v(ll feature such jazz greats as
Turk Murphy and his all-star ag
gregation and Earl "Fatha" Hines.
Tickets at $1.50 each will he on
sale this morning from 9 to noon
at Engineering Corner and The
Cellar.
The first annual Stanford Dixie
land Jazz Concert will bo pre
sented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Memorial Auditorium. Sponsored
hy the junior class, the program
\v(ll feature such jazz greats as
Turk Murphy and his all-star ag
gregation and Earl "Fatha" Hines.
Tickets at $1.50 each will he on
sale this morning from 9 to noon
at Engineering Corner and The
Cellar.
The first annual Stanford Dixie
land Jazz Concert will bo pre
sented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Memorial Auditorium. Sponsored
hy the junior class, the program
\v(ll feature such jazz greats as
Turk Murphy and his all-star ag
gregation and Earl "Fatha" Hines.
Tickets at $1.50 each will he on
sale this morning from 9 to noon
at Engineering Corner and The
Cellar.
The first annual Stanford Dixie
land Jazz Concert will bo pre
sented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Memorial Auditorium. Sponsored
hy the junior class, the program
\v(ll feature such jazz greats as
Turk Murphy and his all-star ag
gregation and Earl "Fatha" Hines.
Tickets at $1.50 each will he on
sale this morning from 9 to noon
at Engineering Corner and The
Cellar.
The first annual Stanford Dixie
land Jazz Concert will bo pre
sented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Memorial Auditorium. Sponsored
hy the junior class, the program
\v(ll feature such jazz greats as
Turk Murphy and his all-star ag
gregation and Earl "Fatha" Hines.
Tickets at $1.50 each will he on
sale this morning from 9 to noon
at Engineering Corner and The
Cellar.
The first annual Stanford Dixie
land Jazz Concert will bo pre
sented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Memorial Auditorium. Sponsored
hy the junior class, the program
\v(ll feature such jazz greats as
Turk Murphy and his all-star ag
gregation and Earl "Fatha" Hines.
Tickets at $1.50 each will he on
sale this morning from 9 to noon
at Engineering Corner and The
Cellar.
The first annual Stanford Dixie
land Jazz Concert will bo pre
sented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Memorial Auditorium. Sponsored
hy the junior class, the program
\v(ll feature such jazz greats as
Turk Murphy and his all-star ag
gregation and Earl "Fatha" Hines.
Tickets at $1.50 each will he on
sale this morning from 9 to noon
at Engineering Corner and The
Cellar.
The first annual Stanford Dixie
land Jazz Concert will bo pre
sented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Memorial Auditorium. Sponsored
hy the junior class, the program
\v(ll feature such jazz greats as
Turk Murphy and his all-star ag
gregation and Earl "Fatha" Hines.
Tickets at $1.50 each will he on
sale this morning from 9 to noon
at Engineering Corner and The
Cellar.
The first annual Stanford Dixie
land Jazz Concert will bo pre
sented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Memorial Auditorium. Sponsored
hy the junior class, the program
\v(ll feature such jazz greats as
Turk Murphy and his all-star ag
gregation and Earl "Fatha" Hines.
Tickets at $1.50 each will he on
sale this morning from 9 to noon
at Engineering Corner and The
Cellar.
The first annual Stanford Dixie
land Jazz Concert will bo pre
sented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Memorial Auditorium. Sponsored
hy the junior class, the program
\v(ll feature such jazz greats as
Turk Murphy and his all-star ag
gregation and Earl "Fatha" Hines.
Tickets at $1.50 each will he on
sale this morning from 9 to noon
at Engineering Corner and The
Cellar.
The first annual Stanford Dixie
land Jazz Concert will bo pre
sented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Memorial Auditorium. Sponsored
hy the junior class, the program
\v(ll feature such jazz greats as
Turk Murphy and his all-star ag
gregation and Earl "Fatha" Hines.
Tickets at $1.50 each will he on
sale this morning from 9 to noon
at Engineering Corner and The
Cellar.
The first annual Stanford Dixie
land Jazz Concert will bo pre
sented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Memorial Auditorium. Sponsored
hy the junior class, the program
\v(ll feature such jazz greats as
Turk Murphy and his all-star ag
gregation and Earl "Fatha" Hines.
Tickets at $1.50 each will he on
sale this morning from 9 to noon
at Engineering Corner and The
Cellar.
The first annual Stanford Dixie
land Jazz Concert will bo pre
sented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Memorial Auditorium. Sponsored
hy the junior class, the program
\v(ll feature such jazz greats as
Turk Murphy and his all-star ag
gregation and Earl "Fatha" Hines.
Tickets at $1.50 each will he on
sale this morning from 9 to noon
at Engineering Corner and The
Cellar.
The first annual Stanford Dixie
land Jazz Concert will bo pre
sented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Memorial Auditorium. Sponsored
hy the junior class, the program
\v(ll feature such jazz greats as
Turk Murphy and his all-star ag
gregation and Earl "Fatha" Hines.
Tickets at $1.50 each will he on
sale this morning from 9 to noon
at Engineering Corner and The
Cellar.
The first annual Stanford Dixie
land Jazz Concert will bo pre
sented this afternoon at 4:15 in
Memorial Auditorium. Sponsored
hy the junior class, the program
\v(ll feature such jazz greats as
Turk Murphy and his all-star ag
gregation and Earl "Fatha" Hines.
Tickets at $1.50 each will he on
sale this morning from 9 to noon
at Engineering Corner and The
Cellar.
