# Know Your Indians
## 
### 
Thuesen (No. 51, 175 lbs., 6-7,
19 â€¢ year - old sophomore from
Stilwater, Okla. > was co-cap
tain of the frosh team and led
ihom in scoring last year. 1-Ie
is a very promising player who
is gaining needed experience,
strength and maturity this sea
son. He is a good shooter with
quick reactions and is a hard
worker. Major: industrial engi
neering.

Burford (No. 35. 204 lbs.. 6-3.
19-year-old sophomore from
Oakland* led the frosh team
last year in rebounding and
was third highest scorer. Al
though ho joined the squad late
because of football, he is mak
ing the adjustment rather
quickly. Big, rugged and very
aggressive, he should become a
top defensive man with expe
rience. Major: general studies.

("Know Your Indians" appears Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday)


JERRY THUESEN
Forward, Center


CHRIS BURFORD
Forward
