# Room and Board Bills Due Friday
## 
### 
Friday (Jan. 17) is the last day
for paying University board and
room bills without an added fee,
according to the Controller's Of
fice.
Payment should be mafic be
tween H a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
cashier's office, Encina Hall.
Cheeks accompanied by the
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked not later than Jan. 17.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Friday (Jan. 17) is the last day
for paying University board and
room bills without an added fee,
according to the Controller's Of
fice.
Payment should be mafic be
tween H a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
cashier's office, Encina Hall.
Cheeks accompanied by the
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked not later than Jan. 17.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Friday (Jan. 17) is the last day
for paying University board and
room bills without an added fee,
according to the Controller's Of
fice.
Payment should be mafic be
tween H a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
cashier's office, Encina Hall.
Cheeks accompanied by the
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked not later than Jan. 17.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Friday (Jan. 17) is the last day
for paying University board and
room bills without an added fee,
according to the Controller's Of
fice.
Payment should be mafic be
tween H a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
cashier's office, Encina Hall.
Cheeks accompanied by the
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked not later than Jan. 17.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Friday (Jan. 17) is the last day
for paying University board and
room bills without an added fee,
according to the Controller's Of
fice.
Payment should be mafic be
tween H a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
cashier's office, Encina Hall.
Cheeks accompanied by the
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked not later than Jan. 17.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Friday (Jan. 17) is the last day
for paying University board and
room bills without an added fee,
according to the Controller's Of
fice.
Payment should be mafic be
tween H a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
cashier's office, Encina Hall.
Cheeks accompanied by the
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked not later than Jan. 17.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Friday (Jan. 17) is the last day
for paying University board and
room bills without an added fee,
according to the Controller's Of
fice.
Payment should be mafic be
tween H a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
cashier's office, Encina Hall.
Cheeks accompanied by the
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked not later than Jan. 17.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Friday (Jan. 17) is the last day
for paying University board and
room bills without an added fee,
according to the Controller's Of
fice.
Payment should be mafic be
tween H a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
cashier's office, Encina Hall.
Cheeks accompanied by the
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked not later than Jan. 17.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Friday (Jan. 17) is the last day
for paying University board and
room bills without an added fee,
according to the Controller's Of
fice.
Payment should be mafic be
tween H a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
cashier's office, Encina Hall.
Cheeks accompanied by the
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked not later than Jan. 17.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Friday (Jan. 17) is the last day
for paying University board and
room bills without an added fee,
according to the Controller's Of
fice.
Payment should be mafic be
tween H a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
cashier's office, Encina Hall.
Cheeks accompanied by the
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked not later than Jan. 17.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Friday (Jan. 17) is the last day
for paying University board and
room bills without an added fee,
according to the Controller's Of
fice.
Payment should be mafic be
tween H a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
cashier's office, Encina Hall.
Cheeks accompanied by the
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked not later than Jan. 17.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Friday (Jan. 17) is the last day
for paying University board and
room bills without an added fee,
according to the Controller's Of
fice.
Payment should be mafic be
tween H a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
cashier's office, Encina Hall.
Cheeks accompanied by the
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked not later than Jan. 17.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Friday (Jan. 17) is the last day
for paying University board and
room bills without an added fee,
according to the Controller's Of
fice.
Payment should be mafic be
tween H a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
cashier's office, Encina Hall.
Cheeks accompanied by the
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked not later than Jan. 17.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Friday (Jan. 17) is the last day
for paying University board and
room bills without an added fee,
according to the Controller's Of
fice.
Payment should be mafic be
tween H a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
cashier's office, Encina Hall.
Cheeks accompanied by the
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked not later than Jan. 17.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Friday (Jan. 17) is the last day
for paying University board and
room bills without an added fee,
according to the Controller's Of
fice.
Payment should be mafic be
tween H a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
cashier's office, Encina Hall.
Cheeks accompanied by the
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked not later than Jan. 17.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Friday (Jan. 17) is the last day
for paying University board and
room bills without an added fee,
according to the Controller's Of
fice.
Payment should be mafic be
tween H a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
cashier's office, Encina Hall.
Cheeks accompanied by the
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked not later than Jan. 17.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
Friday (Jan. 17) is the last day
for paying University board and
room bills without an added fee,
according to the Controller's Of
fice.
Payment should be mafic be
tween H a.m. and 5 p.m. at the
cashier's office, Encina Hall.
Cheeks accompanied by the
statement may be mailed to the
cashier's office but must be post
marked not later than Jan. 17.
Any student unable to pay now
should see the Dean of Men or
Women concerning a deferment.
