# MISS ELENA GUIROLA HITCHCOCK, PIANIST
## 
### 

Miss Elena Guirola Hitchcock, ycumg concert artist, will tie heard at
the Palo Alto Community Theatre Tuesday evening. She ftps studied
with Warren D. Allen, Stanford director of music, and Egon Petri, and
at the present time is working under Gunnar Johansen, the Danish
virtuoso.

Miss Elena Guirola Hitchcock, ycumg concert artist, will tie heard at
the Palo Alto Community Theatre Tuesday evening. She ftps studied
with Warren D. Allen, Stanford director of music, and Egon Petri, and
at the present time is working under Gunnar Johansen, the Danish
virtuoso.

Miss Elena Guirola Hitchcock, ycumg concert artist, will tie heard at
the Palo Alto Community Theatre Tuesday evening. She ftps studied
with Warren D. Allen, Stanford director of music, and Egon Petri, and
at the present time is working under Gunnar Johansen, the Danish
virtuoso.

Miss Elena Guirola Hitchcock, ycumg concert artist, will tie heard at
the Palo Alto Community Theatre Tuesday evening. She ftps studied
with Warren D. Allen, Stanford director of music, and Egon Petri, and
at the present time is working under Gunnar Johansen, the Danish
virtuoso.

Miss Elena Guirola Hitchcock, ycumg concert artist, will tie heard at
the Palo Alto Community Theatre Tuesday evening. She ftps studied
with Warren D. Allen, Stanford director of music, and Egon Petri, and
at the present time is working under Gunnar Johansen, the Danish
virtuoso.

Miss Elena Guirola Hitchcock, ycumg concert artist, will tie heard at
the Palo Alto Community Theatre Tuesday evening. She ftps studied
with Warren D. Allen, Stanford director of music, and Egon Petri, and
at the present time is working under Gunnar Johansen, the Danish
virtuoso.

Miss Elena Guirola Hitchcock, ycumg concert artist, will tie heard at
the Palo Alto Community Theatre Tuesday evening. She ftps studied
with Warren D. Allen, Stanford director of music, and Egon Petri, and
at the present time is working under Gunnar Johansen, the Danish
virtuoso.

Miss Elena Guirola Hitchcock, ycumg concert artist, will tie heard at
the Palo Alto Community Theatre Tuesday evening. She ftps studied
with Warren D. Allen, Stanford director of music, and Egon Petri, and
at the present time is working under Gunnar Johansen, the Danish
virtuoso.

Miss Elena Guirola Hitchcock, ycumg concert artist, will tie heard at
the Palo Alto Community Theatre Tuesday evening. She ftps studied
with Warren D. Allen, Stanford director of music, and Egon Petri, and
at the present time is working under Gunnar Johansen, the Danish
virtuoso.

Miss Elena Guirola Hitchcock, ycumg concert artist, will tie heard at
the Palo Alto Community Theatre Tuesday evening. She ftps studied
with Warren D. Allen, Stanford director of music, and Egon Petri, and
at the present time is working under Gunnar Johansen, the Danish
virtuoso.

Miss Elena Guirola Hitchcock, ycumg concert artist, will tie heard at
the Palo Alto Community Theatre Tuesday evening. She ftps studied
with Warren D. Allen, Stanford director of music, and Egon Petri, and
at the present time is working under Gunnar Johansen, the Danish
virtuoso.

Miss Elena Guirola Hitchcock, ycumg concert artist, will tie heard at
the Palo Alto Community Theatre Tuesday evening. She ftps studied
with Warren D. Allen, Stanford director of music, and Egon Petri, and
at the present time is working under Gunnar Johansen, the Danish
virtuoso.

Miss Elena Guirola Hitchcock, ycumg concert artist, will tie heard at
the Palo Alto Community Theatre Tuesday evening. She ftps studied
with Warren D. Allen, Stanford director of music, and Egon Petri, and
at the present time is working under Gunnar Johansen, the Danish
virtuoso.

Miss Elena Guirola Hitchcock, ycumg concert artist, will tie heard at
the Palo Alto Community Theatre Tuesday evening. She ftps studied
with Warren D. Allen, Stanford director of music, and Egon Petri, and
at the present time is working under Gunnar Johansen, the Danish
virtuoso.

Miss Elena Guirola Hitchcock, ycumg concert artist, will tie heard at
the Palo Alto Community Theatre Tuesday evening. She ftps studied
with Warren D. Allen, Stanford director of music, and Egon Petri, and
at the present time is working under Gunnar Johansen, the Danish
virtuoso.
