# R.R. LOADINGS LISTED
## 
### 
WASHINGTON. April 4 (/P).—The
Association of American Railroads
announced today that loadings of
revenue freight for the week ended
March 23 were (507,780 cars, an in
crease of 10,348 above the preceding
week, a decrease of 225G under the
corrsponding week in 1934, and an
increase of 127,821 above the corre
sponding week in 1932.

The fastest four-legged anitnal in
the world is the Cheetah, which can
travel 108 feet a second.
WASHINGTON. April 4 (/P).—The
Association of American Railroads
announced today that loadings of
revenue freight for the week ended
March 23 were (507,780 cars, an in
crease of 10,348 above the preceding
week, a decrease of 225G under the
corrsponding week in 1934, and an
increase of 127,821 above the corre
sponding week in 1932.

The fastest four-legged anitnal in
the world is the Cheetah, which can
travel 108 feet a second.
WASHINGTON. April 4 (/P).—The
Association of American Railroads
announced today that loadings of
revenue freight for the week ended
March 23 were (507,780 cars, an in
crease of 10,348 above the preceding
week, a decrease of 225G under the
corrsponding week in 1934, and an
increase of 127,821 above the corre
sponding week in 1932.

The fastest four-legged anitnal in
the world is the Cheetah, which can
travel 108 feet a second.
WASHINGTON. April 4 (/P).—The
Association of American Railroads
announced today that loadings of
revenue freight for the week ended
March 23 were (507,780 cars, an in
crease of 10,348 above the preceding
week, a decrease of 225G under the
corrsponding week in 1934, and an
increase of 127,821 above the corre
sponding week in 1932.

The fastest four-legged anitnal in
the world is the Cheetah, which can
travel 108 feet a second.
WASHINGTON. April 4 (/P).—The
Association of American Railroads
announced today that loadings of
revenue freight for the week ended
March 23 were (507,780 cars, an in
crease of 10,348 above the preceding
week, a decrease of 225G under the
corrsponding week in 1934, and an
increase of 127,821 above the corre
sponding week in 1932.

The fastest four-legged anitnal in
the world is the Cheetah, which can
travel 108 feet a second.
WASHINGTON. April 4 (/P).—The
Association of American Railroads
announced today that loadings of
revenue freight for the week ended
March 23 were (507,780 cars, an in
crease of 10,348 above the preceding
week, a decrease of 225G under the
corrsponding week in 1934, and an
increase of 127,821 above the corre
sponding week in 1932.

The fastest four-legged anitnal in
the world is the Cheetah, which can
travel 108 feet a second.
WASHINGTON. April 4 (/P).—The
Association of American Railroads
announced today that loadings of
revenue freight for the week ended
March 23 were (507,780 cars, an in
crease of 10,348 above the preceding
week, a decrease of 225G under the
corrsponding week in 1934, and an
increase of 127,821 above the corre
sponding week in 1932.

The fastest four-legged anitnal in
the world is the Cheetah, which can
travel 108 feet a second.
WASHINGTON. April 4 (/P).—The
Association of American Railroads
announced today that loadings of
revenue freight for the week ended
March 23 were (507,780 cars, an in
crease of 10,348 above the preceding
week, a decrease of 225G under the
corrsponding week in 1934, and an
increase of 127,821 above the corre
sponding week in 1932.

The fastest four-legged anitnal in
the world is the Cheetah, which can
travel 108 feet a second.
WASHINGTON. April 4 (/P).—The
Association of American Railroads
announced today that loadings of
revenue freight for the week ended
March 23 were (507,780 cars, an in
crease of 10,348 above the preceding
week, a decrease of 225G under the
corrsponding week in 1934, and an
increase of 127,821 above the corre
sponding week in 1932.

The fastest four-legged anitnal in
the world is the Cheetah, which can
travel 108 feet a second.
WASHINGTON. April 4 (/P).—The
Association of American Railroads
announced today that loadings of
revenue freight for the week ended
March 23 were (507,780 cars, an in
crease of 10,348 above the preceding
week, a decrease of 225G under the
corrsponding week in 1934, and an
increase of 127,821 above the corre
sponding week in 1932.

The fastest four-legged anitnal in
the world is the Cheetah, which can
travel 108 feet a second.
WASHINGTON. April 4 (/P).—The
Association of American Railroads
announced today that loadings of
revenue freight for the week ended
March 23 were (507,780 cars, an in
crease of 10,348 above the preceding
week, a decrease of 225G under the
corrsponding week in 1934, and an
increase of 127,821 above the corre
sponding week in 1932.

The fastest four-legged anitnal in
the world is the Cheetah, which can
travel 108 feet a second.
WASHINGTON. April 4 (/P).—The
Association of American Railroads
announced today that loadings of
revenue freight for the week ended
March 23 were (507,780 cars, an in
crease of 10,348 above the preceding
week, a decrease of 225G under the
corrsponding week in 1934, and an
increase of 127,821 above the corre
sponding week in 1932.

The fastest four-legged anitnal in
the world is the Cheetah, which can
travel 108 feet a second.
WASHINGTON. April 4 (/P).—The
Association of American Railroads
announced today that loadings of
revenue freight for the week ended
March 23 were (507,780 cars, an in
crease of 10,348 above the preceding
week, a decrease of 225G under the
corrsponding week in 1934, and an
increase of 127,821 above the corre
sponding week in 1932.

The fastest four-legged anitnal in
the world is the Cheetah, which can
travel 108 feet a second.
WASHINGTON. April 4 (/P).—The
Association of American Railroads
announced today that loadings of
revenue freight for the week ended
March 23 were (507,780 cars, an in
crease of 10,348 above the preceding
week, a decrease of 225G under the
corrsponding week in 1934, and an
increase of 127,821 above the corre
sponding week in 1932.

The fastest four-legged anitnal in
the world is the Cheetah, which can
travel 108 feet a second.
WASHINGTON. April 4 (/P).—The
Association of American Railroads
announced today that loadings of
revenue freight for the week ended
March 23 were (507,780 cars, an in
crease of 10,348 above the preceding
week, a decrease of 225G under the
corrsponding week in 1934, and an
increase of 127,821 above the corre
sponding week in 1932.

The fastest four-legged anitnal in
the world is the Cheetah, which can
travel 108 feet a second.
