# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The proposition that has been
presented to the Executive Com
mittee by the Junior Class regard
ing the purchase of scenery for the
assembly hall is certainly a good
one and deserves their approval.
No class or organization can pre
sent an entertainment of a dra
matic character without appropri
ate stage fittings, and, on account
of the expense involved, the plays
presented have been of a very lim
ited character. But with appro
priate fittings and machinery there
is no reason why dramatic organi
zations should not be able to pre
sent plays of a more ambitious
nature than heretofore. Then, too,
as has been pointed out, the rent
ing of the scenery for entertain
ments will be a source of revenue
to the student body.
