# DAVE WOOD ELECTED SEQUOIA PRESIDENT
## 
### 
Dave Wood, '26, was elected to head
Sequoia Club as the result of the win
ter quarter election held Thursday.
William Glen, '27, was elected vice
president; Rulon McOmie, '25, treas
urer, and James Hedge, '28, secrtary.
Other officers elected for the rest
of the college year were: House Com
mittee, Walter Brown, Kenneth Korn,
Harry Martin, Carl Hansen, James
Purcell; Social Committee, Burt Mc-
Kim, Ted Fulmor, Dud Chambers,
Phil Duncan, Ed Stimpson; Athletic
Committee, Walter Lenz, Dave Brown,
Larry Webster; Interhall representa
tive, Walter Brown.
Sequoia Club's Valentine Dance will
be held tomorrow evening from 9 to 12
o'clock. Tyroler's orchestra will fur
nish the music, while the social com
mittee headed by Conrad Fernelius
has arranged Valentine decorations for
the dance.
