# DR. BAILEY WILLIS WILL GIVE SPEECH IN SAN FRANCISCO
## 
### 
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of Geology, will give the second of a
series of popular lectures 011 "Earth
quakes and Self-Protection" February
16 in the auditorium of the Pacific Gas
and Electric Company at 245 Market
Street, San Francisco, at 8 o'clock in
the evening. The lectures are offered
by the Seismological Society of Amer
ica and the California Academy of
Sciences, and are being given on the
third Tuesday of each month from
January to May inclusive.
The lecture Tuesday night will be
illustrated by lantern slides, and Dr.
Willis will discuss the earthquake re
gions of the United States, atul the
earthquake provinces of California. He
will tell of historic earthquakes, why
we have them, anil what the results
are. The purpose of the lectures is to
give the public authentic information
regarding protection that can be af
forded when building.
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of Geology, will give the second of a
series of popular lectures 011 "Earth
quakes and Self-Protection" February
16 in the auditorium of the Pacific Gas
and Electric Company at 245 Market
Street, San Francisco, at 8 o'clock in
the evening. The lectures are offered
by the Seismological Society of Amer
ica and the California Academy of
Sciences, and are being given on the
third Tuesday of each month from
January to May inclusive.
The lecture Tuesday night will be
illustrated by lantern slides, and Dr.
Willis will discuss the earthquake re
gions of the United States, atul the
earthquake provinces of California. He
will tell of historic earthquakes, why
we have them, anil what the results
are. The purpose of the lectures is to
give the public authentic information
regarding protection that can be af
forded when building.
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of Geology, will give the second of a
series of popular lectures 011 "Earth
quakes and Self-Protection" February
16 in the auditorium of the Pacific Gas
and Electric Company at 245 Market
Street, San Francisco, at 8 o'clock in
the evening. The lectures are offered
by the Seismological Society of Amer
ica and the California Academy of
Sciences, and are being given on the
third Tuesday of each month from
January to May inclusive.
The lecture Tuesday night will be
illustrated by lantern slides, and Dr.
Willis will discuss the earthquake re
gions of the United States, atul the
earthquake provinces of California. He
will tell of historic earthquakes, why
we have them, anil what the results
are. The purpose of the lectures is to
give the public authentic information
regarding protection that can be af
forded when building.
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of Geology, will give the second of a
series of popular lectures 011 "Earth
quakes and Self-Protection" February
16 in the auditorium of the Pacific Gas
and Electric Company at 245 Market
Street, San Francisco, at 8 o'clock in
the evening. The lectures are offered
by the Seismological Society of Amer
ica and the California Academy of
Sciences, and are being given on the
third Tuesday of each month from
January to May inclusive.
The lecture Tuesday night will be
illustrated by lantern slides, and Dr.
Willis will discuss the earthquake re
gions of the United States, atul the
earthquake provinces of California. He
will tell of historic earthquakes, why
we have them, anil what the results
are. The purpose of the lectures is to
give the public authentic information
regarding protection that can be af
forded when building.
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of Geology, will give the second of a
series of popular lectures 011 "Earth
quakes and Self-Protection" February
16 in the auditorium of the Pacific Gas
and Electric Company at 245 Market
Street, San Francisco, at 8 o'clock in
the evening. The lectures are offered
by the Seismological Society of Amer
ica and the California Academy of
Sciences, and are being given on the
third Tuesday of each month from
January to May inclusive.
The lecture Tuesday night will be
illustrated by lantern slides, and Dr.
Willis will discuss the earthquake re
gions of the United States, atul the
earthquake provinces of California. He
will tell of historic earthquakes, why
we have them, anil what the results
are. The purpose of the lectures is to
give the public authentic information
regarding protection that can be af
forded when building.
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of Geology, will give the second of a
series of popular lectures 011 "Earth
quakes and Self-Protection" February
16 in the auditorium of the Pacific Gas
and Electric Company at 245 Market
Street, San Francisco, at 8 o'clock in
the evening. The lectures are offered
by the Seismological Society of Amer
ica and the California Academy of
Sciences, and are being given on the
third Tuesday of each month from
January to May inclusive.
The lecture Tuesday night will be
illustrated by lantern slides, and Dr.
Willis will discuss the earthquake re
gions of the United States, atul the
earthquake provinces of California. He
will tell of historic earthquakes, why
we have them, anil what the results
are. The purpose of the lectures is to
give the public authentic information
regarding protection that can be af
forded when building.
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of Geology, will give the second of a
series of popular lectures 011 "Earth
quakes and Self-Protection" February
16 in the auditorium of the Pacific Gas
and Electric Company at 245 Market
Street, San Francisco, at 8 o'clock in
the evening. The lectures are offered
by the Seismological Society of Amer
ica and the California Academy of
Sciences, and are being given on the
third Tuesday of each month from
January to May inclusive.
The lecture Tuesday night will be
illustrated by lantern slides, and Dr.
Willis will discuss the earthquake re
gions of the United States, atul the
earthquake provinces of California. He
will tell of historic earthquakes, why
we have them, anil what the results
are. The purpose of the lectures is to
give the public authentic information
regarding protection that can be af
forded when building.
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of Geology, will give the second of a
series of popular lectures 011 "Earth
quakes and Self-Protection" February
16 in the auditorium of the Pacific Gas
and Electric Company at 245 Market
Street, San Francisco, at 8 o'clock in
the evening. The lectures are offered
by the Seismological Society of Amer
ica and the California Academy of
Sciences, and are being given on the
third Tuesday of each month from
January to May inclusive.
The lecture Tuesday night will be
illustrated by lantern slides, and Dr.
Willis will discuss the earthquake re
gions of the United States, atul the
earthquake provinces of California. He
will tell of historic earthquakes, why
we have them, anil what the results
are. The purpose of the lectures is to
give the public authentic information
regarding protection that can be af
forded when building.
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of Geology, will give the second of a
series of popular lectures 011 "Earth
quakes and Self-Protection" February
16 in the auditorium of the Pacific Gas
and Electric Company at 245 Market
Street, San Francisco, at 8 o'clock in
the evening. The lectures are offered
by the Seismological Society of Amer
ica and the California Academy of
Sciences, and are being given on the
third Tuesday of each month from
January to May inclusive.
The lecture Tuesday night will be
illustrated by lantern slides, and Dr.
Willis will discuss the earthquake re
gions of the United States, atul the
earthquake provinces of California. He
will tell of historic earthquakes, why
we have them, anil what the results
are. The purpose of the lectures is to
give the public authentic information
regarding protection that can be af
forded when building.
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of Geology, will give the second of a
series of popular lectures 011 "Earth
quakes and Self-Protection" February
16 in the auditorium of the Pacific Gas
and Electric Company at 245 Market
Street, San Francisco, at 8 o'clock in
the evening. The lectures are offered
by the Seismological Society of Amer
ica and the California Academy of
Sciences, and are being given on the
third Tuesday of each month from
January to May inclusive.
The lecture Tuesday night will be
illustrated by lantern slides, and Dr.
Willis will discuss the earthquake re
gions of the United States, atul the
earthquake provinces of California. He
will tell of historic earthquakes, why
we have them, anil what the results
are. The purpose of the lectures is to
give the public authentic information
regarding protection that can be af
forded when building.
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of Geology, will give the second of a
series of popular lectures 011 "Earth
quakes and Self-Protection" February
16 in the auditorium of the Pacific Gas
and Electric Company at 245 Market
Street, San Francisco, at 8 o'clock in
the evening. The lectures are offered
by the Seismological Society of Amer
ica and the California Academy of
Sciences, and are being given on the
third Tuesday of each month from
January to May inclusive.
The lecture Tuesday night will be
illustrated by lantern slides, and Dr.
Willis will discuss the earthquake re
gions of the United States, atul the
earthquake provinces of California. He
will tell of historic earthquakes, why
we have them, anil what the results
are. The purpose of the lectures is to
give the public authentic information
regarding protection that can be af
forded when building.
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of Geology, will give the second of a
series of popular lectures 011 "Earth
quakes and Self-Protection" February
16 in the auditorium of the Pacific Gas
and Electric Company at 245 Market
Street, San Francisco, at 8 o'clock in
the evening. The lectures are offered
by the Seismological Society of Amer
ica and the California Academy of
Sciences, and are being given on the
third Tuesday of each month from
January to May inclusive.
The lecture Tuesday night will be
illustrated by lantern slides, and Dr.
Willis will discuss the earthquake re
gions of the United States, atul the
earthquake provinces of California. He
will tell of historic earthquakes, why
we have them, anil what the results
are. The purpose of the lectures is to
give the public authentic information
regarding protection that can be af
forded when building.
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of Geology, will give the second of a
series of popular lectures 011 "Earth
quakes and Self-Protection" February
16 in the auditorium of the Pacific Gas
and Electric Company at 245 Market
Street, San Francisco, at 8 o'clock in
the evening. The lectures are offered
by the Seismological Society of Amer
ica and the California Academy of
Sciences, and are being given on the
third Tuesday of each month from
January to May inclusive.
The lecture Tuesday night will be
illustrated by lantern slides, and Dr.
Willis will discuss the earthquake re
gions of the United States, atul the
earthquake provinces of California. He
will tell of historic earthquakes, why
we have them, anil what the results
are. The purpose of the lectures is to
give the public authentic information
regarding protection that can be af
forded when building.
Dr. Bailey Willis, professor emeritus
of Geology, will give the second of a
series of popular lectures 011 "Earth
quakes and Self-Protection" February
16 in the auditorium of the Pacific Gas
and Electric Company at 245 Market
Street, San Francisco, at 8 o'clock in
the evening. The lectures are offered
by the Seismological Society of Amer
ica and the California Academy of
Sciences, and are being given on the
third Tuesday of each month from
January to May inclusive.
The lecture Tuesday night will be
illustrated by lantern slides, and Dr.
Willis will discuss the earthquake re
gions of the United States, atul the
earthquake provinces of California. He
will tell of historic earthquakes, why
we have them, anil what the results
are. The purpose of the lectures is to
give the public authentic information
regarding protection that can be af
forded when building.
