# STADIUM DESIGNER TELLS FRESHMEN OF CONSTRUCTION WORK
## 
### 
Charles Benjamin Wing, professor
of Structural Engineering and design
er of the Stanford stadium, was the
principal speaker in the weekly Sun
day evening assembly held in Encina
lobby yesterday.
Professor Wing related much of the
history of the development of Stan
ford and gave the details of the plan
ning and the constructing of the pres
ent Stanford stadium. "The develop
ment of the earth-bank stadium," he
says, "can be traced back to the agita
tion caused after the earthquake."
"Many people wondered what would
happen if an earthquake would take
place during the course of a football
game with the stands crowded with
people. This agitation for earthquake
proof structures caused investigation
and it was found that an earth-bank
stadium would be safer and cheaper
than concrete."
