# Junior, Senior Women Vie In Basketball Tomorrow
## 
### 
The junior and senior women's bas
ketball teams will meet in a practice
game tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock on Roble field. The seniors
tied the freshmen in a game two
weeks ago and the juniors were de
feat last week by the sophomores.
There are, however,, no comparative
scores by which the relative strength
of the juniors and seniors may be
measured as yet.
The junior and senior women's bas
ketball teams will meet in a practice
game tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock on Roble field. The seniors
tied the freshmen in a game two
weeks ago and the juniors were de
feat last week by the sophomores.
There are, however,, no comparative
scores by which the relative strength
of the juniors and seniors may be
measured as yet.
The junior and senior women's bas
ketball teams will meet in a practice
game tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock on Roble field. The seniors
tied the freshmen in a game two
weeks ago and the juniors were de
feat last week by the sophomores.
There are, however,, no comparative
scores by which the relative strength
of the juniors and seniors may be
measured as yet.
The junior and senior women's bas
ketball teams will meet in a practice
game tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock on Roble field. The seniors
tied the freshmen in a game two
weeks ago and the juniors were de
feat last week by the sophomores.
There are, however,, no comparative
scores by which the relative strength
of the juniors and seniors may be
measured as yet.
The junior and senior women's bas
ketball teams will meet in a practice
game tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock on Roble field. The seniors
tied the freshmen in a game two
weeks ago and the juniors were de
feat last week by the sophomores.
There are, however,, no comparative
scores by which the relative strength
of the juniors and seniors may be
measured as yet.
The junior and senior women's bas
ketball teams will meet in a practice
game tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock on Roble field. The seniors
tied the freshmen in a game two
weeks ago and the juniors were de
feat last week by the sophomores.
There are, however,, no comparative
scores by which the relative strength
of the juniors and seniors may be
measured as yet.
The junior and senior women's bas
ketball teams will meet in a practice
game tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock on Roble field. The seniors
tied the freshmen in a game two
weeks ago and the juniors were de
feat last week by the sophomores.
There are, however,, no comparative
scores by which the relative strength
of the juniors and seniors may be
measured as yet.
The junior and senior women's bas
ketball teams will meet in a practice
game tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock on Roble field. The seniors
tied the freshmen in a game two
weeks ago and the juniors were de
feat last week by the sophomores.
There are, however,, no comparative
scores by which the relative strength
of the juniors and seniors may be
measured as yet.
The junior and senior women's bas
ketball teams will meet in a practice
game tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock on Roble field. The seniors
tied the freshmen in a game two
weeks ago and the juniors were de
feat last week by the sophomores.
There are, however,, no comparative
scores by which the relative strength
of the juniors and seniors may be
measured as yet.
The junior and senior women's bas
ketball teams will meet in a practice
game tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock on Roble field. The seniors
tied the freshmen in a game two
weeks ago and the juniors were de
feat last week by the sophomores.
There are, however,, no comparative
scores by which the relative strength
of the juniors and seniors may be
measured as yet.
The junior and senior women's bas
ketball teams will meet in a practice
game tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock on Roble field. The seniors
tied the freshmen in a game two
weeks ago and the juniors were de
feat last week by the sophomores.
There are, however,, no comparative
scores by which the relative strength
of the juniors and seniors may be
measured as yet.
The junior and senior women's bas
ketball teams will meet in a practice
game tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock on Roble field. The seniors
tied the freshmen in a game two
weeks ago and the juniors were de
feat last week by the sophomores.
There are, however,, no comparative
scores by which the relative strength
of the juniors and seniors may be
measured as yet.
The junior and senior women's bas
ketball teams will meet in a practice
game tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock on Roble field. The seniors
tied the freshmen in a game two
weeks ago and the juniors were de
feat last week by the sophomores.
There are, however,, no comparative
scores by which the relative strength
of the juniors and seniors may be
measured as yet.
The junior and senior women's bas
ketball teams will meet in a practice
game tomorrow afternoon at 4:15
o'clock on Roble field. The seniors
tied the freshmen in a game two
weeks ago and the juniors were de
feat last week by the sophomores.
There are, however,, no comparative
scores by which the relative strength
of the juniors and seniors may be
measured as yet.
