# Daily staff lunch
## 
### 
There will be a lunch meeting to
morrow for all Daily staffers, new or
old. Please join us for discussion,
good sandwiches and good people!
There will be a lunch meeting to
morrow for all Daily staffers, new or
old. Please join us for discussion,
good sandwiches and good people!
There will be a lunch meeting to
morrow for all Daily staffers, new or
old. Please join us for discussion,
good sandwiches and good people!
There will be a lunch meeting to
morrow for all Daily staffers, new or
old. Please join us for discussion,
good sandwiches and good people!
There will be a lunch meeting to
morrow for all Daily staffers, new or
old. Please join us for discussion,
good sandwiches and good people!
There will be a lunch meeting to
morrow for all Daily staffers, new or
old. Please join us for discussion,
good sandwiches and good people!
There will be a lunch meeting to
morrow for all Daily staffers, new or
old. Please join us for discussion,
good sandwiches and good people!
There will be a lunch meeting to
morrow for all Daily staffers, new or
old. Please join us for discussion,
good sandwiches and good people!
There will be a lunch meeting to
morrow for all Daily staffers, new or
old. Please join us for discussion,
good sandwiches and good people!
