# Willis First Woman To Win License At P.A. Air School
## 
### 
Margaret Willis, a sophomore at
Stanford, is the first woman to win
an air pilot's license from the Palo
Alto School of Aviation. The examina
tions, which Miss Willis had to pass,
are those of the United States Depart
ment of Commerce for federal pilots'
license. She has been flying for six
months.
Miss Willis is the daughter of Pro
fessor and Mrs. Bailey Willis. Dr.
Willis is professor-emeritus of the
Geology department.
Margaret Willis, a sophomore at
Stanford, is the first woman to win
an air pilot's license from the Palo
Alto School of Aviation. The examina
tions, which Miss Willis had to pass,
are those of the United States Depart
ment of Commerce for federal pilots'
license. She has been flying for six
months.
Miss Willis is the daughter of Pro
fessor and Mrs. Bailey Willis. Dr.
Willis is professor-emeritus of the
Geology department.
Margaret Willis, a sophomore at
Stanford, is the first woman to win
an air pilot's license from the Palo
Alto School of Aviation. The examina
tions, which Miss Willis had to pass,
are those of the United States Depart
ment of Commerce for federal pilots'
license. She has been flying for six
months.
Miss Willis is the daughter of Pro
fessor and Mrs. Bailey Willis. Dr.
Willis is professor-emeritus of the
Geology department.
Margaret Willis, a sophomore at
Stanford, is the first woman to win
an air pilot's license from the Palo
Alto School of Aviation. The examina
tions, which Miss Willis had to pass,
are those of the United States Depart
ment of Commerce for federal pilots'
license. She has been flying for six
months.
Miss Willis is the daughter of Pro
fessor and Mrs. Bailey Willis. Dr.
Willis is professor-emeritus of the
Geology department.
Margaret Willis, a sophomore at
Stanford, is the first woman to win
an air pilot's license from the Palo
Alto School of Aviation. The examina
tions, which Miss Willis had to pass,
are those of the United States Depart
ment of Commerce for federal pilots'
license. She has been flying for six
months.
Miss Willis is the daughter of Pro
fessor and Mrs. Bailey Willis. Dr.
Willis is professor-emeritus of the
Geology department.
Margaret Willis, a sophomore at
Stanford, is the first woman to win
an air pilot's license from the Palo
Alto School of Aviation. The examina
tions, which Miss Willis had to pass,
are those of the United States Depart
ment of Commerce for federal pilots'
license. She has been flying for six
months.
Miss Willis is the daughter of Pro
fessor and Mrs. Bailey Willis. Dr.
Willis is professor-emeritus of the
Geology department.
Margaret Willis, a sophomore at
Stanford, is the first woman to win
an air pilot's license from the Palo
Alto School of Aviation. The examina
tions, which Miss Willis had to pass,
are those of the United States Depart
ment of Commerce for federal pilots'
license. She has been flying for six
months.
Miss Willis is the daughter of Pro
fessor and Mrs. Bailey Willis. Dr.
Willis is professor-emeritus of the
Geology department.
Margaret Willis, a sophomore at
Stanford, is the first woman to win
an air pilot's license from the Palo
Alto School of Aviation. The examina
tions, which Miss Willis had to pass,
are those of the United States Depart
ment of Commerce for federal pilots'
license. She has been flying for six
months.
Miss Willis is the daughter of Pro
fessor and Mrs. Bailey Willis. Dr.
Willis is professor-emeritus of the
Geology department.
Margaret Willis, a sophomore at
Stanford, is the first woman to win
an air pilot's license from the Palo
Alto School of Aviation. The examina
tions, which Miss Willis had to pass,
are those of the United States Depart
ment of Commerce for federal pilots'
license. She has been flying for six
months.
Miss Willis is the daughter of Pro
fessor and Mrs. Bailey Willis. Dr.
Willis is professor-emeritus of the
Geology department.
Margaret Willis, a sophomore at
Stanford, is the first woman to win
an air pilot's license from the Palo
Alto School of Aviation. The examina
tions, which Miss Willis had to pass,
are those of the United States Depart
ment of Commerce for federal pilots'
license. She has been flying for six
months.
Miss Willis is the daughter of Pro
fessor and Mrs. Bailey Willis. Dr.
Willis is professor-emeritus of the
Geology department.
Margaret Willis, a sophomore at
Stanford, is the first woman to win
an air pilot's license from the Palo
Alto School of Aviation. The examina
tions, which Miss Willis had to pass,
are those of the United States Depart
ment of Commerce for federal pilots'
license. She has been flying for six
months.
Miss Willis is the daughter of Pro
fessor and Mrs. Bailey Willis. Dr.
Willis is professor-emeritus of the
Geology department.
Margaret Willis, a sophomore at
Stanford, is the first woman to win
an air pilot's license from the Palo
Alto School of Aviation. The examina
tions, which Miss Willis had to pass,
are those of the United States Depart
ment of Commerce for federal pilots'
license. She has been flying for six
months.
Miss Willis is the daughter of Pro
fessor and Mrs. Bailey Willis. Dr.
Willis is professor-emeritus of the
Geology department.
Margaret Willis, a sophomore at
Stanford, is the first woman to win
an air pilot's license from the Palo
Alto School of Aviation. The examina
tions, which Miss Willis had to pass,
are those of the United States Depart
ment of Commerce for federal pilots'
license. She has been flying for six
months.
Miss Willis is the daughter of Pro
fessor and Mrs. Bailey Willis. Dr.
Willis is professor-emeritus of the
Geology department.
Margaret Willis, a sophomore at
Stanford, is the first woman to win
an air pilot's license from the Palo
Alto School of Aviation. The examina
tions, which Miss Willis had to pass,
are those of the United States Depart
ment of Commerce for federal pilots'
license. She has been flying for six
months.
Miss Willis is the daughter of Pro
fessor and Mrs. Bailey Willis. Dr.
Willis is professor-emeritus of the
Geology department.
Margaret Willis, a sophomore at
Stanford, is the first woman to win
an air pilot's license from the Palo
Alto School of Aviation. The examina
tions, which Miss Willis had to pass,
are those of the United States Depart
ment of Commerce for federal pilots'
license. She has been flying for six
months.
Miss Willis is the daughter of Pro
fessor and Mrs. Bailey Willis. Dr.
Willis is professor-emeritus of the
Geology department.
Margaret Willis, a sophomore at
Stanford, is the first woman to win
an air pilot's license from the Palo
Alto School of Aviation. The examina
tions, which Miss Willis had to pass,
are those of the United States Depart
ment of Commerce for federal pilots'
license. She has been flying for six
months.
Miss Willis is the daughter of Pro
fessor and Mrs. Bailey Willis. Dr.
Willis is professor-emeritus of the
Geology department.
Margaret Willis, a sophomore at
Stanford, is the first woman to win
an air pilot's license from the Palo
Alto School of Aviation. The examina
tions, which Miss Willis had to pass,
are those of the United States Depart
ment of Commerce for federal pilots'
license. She has been flying for six
months.
Miss Willis is the daughter of Pro
fessor and Mrs. Bailey Willis. Dr.
Willis is professor-emeritus of the
Geology department.
