# MARRIAGE
## 
### 
Stillman House announces the
marriage of Bette Clewell, '59, to
John Farnsworth, Lieutenant
tj.g.), United States Navy.
Stillman House announces the
marriage of Bette Clewell, '59, to
John Farnsworth, Lieutenant
tj.g.), United States Navy.
Stillman House announces the
marriage of Bette Clewell, '59, to
John Farnsworth, Lieutenant
tj.g.), United States Navy.
Stillman House announces the
marriage of Bette Clewell, '59, to
John Farnsworth, Lieutenant
tj.g.), United States Navy.
Stillman House announces the
marriage of Bette Clewell, '59, to
John Farnsworth, Lieutenant
tj.g.), United States Navy.
Stillman House announces the
marriage of Bette Clewell, '59, to
John Farnsworth, Lieutenant
tj.g.), United States Navy.
Stillman House announces the
marriage of Bette Clewell, '59, to
John Farnsworth, Lieutenant
tj.g.), United States Navy.
Stillman House announces the
marriage of Bette Clewell, '59, to
John Farnsworth, Lieutenant
tj.g.), United States Navy.
Stillman House announces the
marriage of Bette Clewell, '59, to
John Farnsworth, Lieutenant
tj.g.), United States Navy.
Stillman House announces the
marriage of Bette Clewell, '59, to
John Farnsworth, Lieutenant
tj.g.), United States Navy.
Stillman House announces the
marriage of Bette Clewell, '59, to
John Farnsworth, Lieutenant
tj.g.), United States Navy.
Stillman House announces the
marriage of Bette Clewell, '59, to
John Farnsworth, Lieutenant
tj.g.), United States Navy.
Stillman House announces the
marriage of Bette Clewell, '59, to
John Farnsworth, Lieutenant
tj.g.), United States Navy.
Stillman House announces the
marriage of Bette Clewell, '59, to
John Farnsworth, Lieutenant
tj.g.), United States Navy.
Stillman House announces the
marriage of Bette Clewell, '59, to
John Farnsworth, Lieutenant
tj.g.), United States Navy.
Stillman House announces the
marriage of Bette Clewell, '59, to
John Farnsworth, Lieutenant
tj.g.), United States Navy.
Stillman House announces the
marriage of Bette Clewell, '59, to
John Farnsworth, Lieutenant
tj.g.), United States Navy.
