# Nixon Says Personal Life Not an Issue
## Veep Refuses to Drag Candidate's Family Into Political Spotlight 
### 
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 1 —
(UP)—Vice President F.lchard M.
Nixon tonight refused to let Dcm
ocra t i c presidential nominee
Adlai E. Stevenson's divorce be
dragged into the spotlight as a
political issue.
"I think that any personal life
of a candidate is not a proper po
litical issue in the campaign,"
Nixon declared on a locally tele
vised panel show in Milwaukee.
"I have never discussed Steven
son's background or Truman's,"
he said. "What reason brought on
[Stevenson's] family difficulties
is no concern of mine."
The television panel, on which
both Truman and Stevenson ap
peared earlier, was part of a
whirlwind five-speech swing by
Nixon through Milwaukee in sup
port of Sen. Alexander Wiley (R-
Wis.) and others on the GOP
ticket.
Indirect Attack
In a speech to a Marquette Uni
versity crowd of more than 2,000
in Milwaukee, Nixon made an in
direct attack on Stevenson by say
ing he would not promise that the
draft and H-bomb tests would be
stopped. Stevenson has suggested
both possibilities.
The question of Stevenson's di
vorce was brought into the TV
panel discussion by Mrs. Ruth
Murray, president of the Federa
tion of Republican Women of
Wisconsin. She said many women
are concerned as to who will be
the White House hostess in the
event Stevenson wins.
Nixon's around-the-clock cam
paign day began at St. Peters
burg, Fla., continued by automo
bile to Tampa, Fla., and from
there by air to Grand Rapids,
Mich., for two speeches earlier
today. He later flew to Milwau
kee, where he was greeted by the
two principal controversial fig
ures in Wisconsin GOP circles—
Senators Wiley and McCarthy.
Kefauver in Texas
Meanwhile, Sen. Estes Kefauver
campaigned through the drought
parcljed heart of Texas today
with the charge that President
Eisenhower and Agriculture Sec
retary Ezra T. Benson "don't
know a disaster when they see
one."
In a speech at the "Heart o'
Texas" Fair the Democratic vice
presidential nominee accused the
Eisenhower Administration of
trying to make a "secret" of the
Texas drought. He said "a man
made disaster of Republican in
difference" has contributed to the
natural disaster.
Campaigning in small towns
and farm communities earlier in
the day, the Tennessean said Ei
senhower's "interests are not with
the people but with the big peo
ple—the big-money people."
Coincidontally, rain fell today
in many of the communities
where Kefauver made his brief
appearances—the first measura
ble rain in weeks. Forced inside
the city hall at West, Tex., by
rain, Kefauver smilingly said, "I
want to take full credit for the
rain that we have."
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 1 —
(UP)—Vice President F.lchard M.
Nixon tonight refused to let Dcm
ocra t i c presidential nominee
Adlai E. Stevenson's divorce be
dragged into the spotlight as a
political issue.
"I think that any personal life
of a candidate is not a proper po
litical issue in the campaign,"
Nixon declared on a locally tele
vised panel show in Milwaukee.
"I have never discussed Steven
son's background or Truman's,"
he said. "What reason brought on
[Stevenson's] family difficulties
is no concern of mine."
The television panel, on which
both Truman and Stevenson ap
peared earlier, was part of a
whirlwind five-speech swing by
Nixon through Milwaukee in sup
port of Sen. Alexander Wiley (R-
Wis.) and others on the GOP
ticket.
Indirect Attack
In a speech to a Marquette Uni
versity crowd of more than 2,000
in Milwaukee, Nixon made an in
direct attack on Stevenson by say
ing he would not promise that the
draft and H-bomb tests would be
stopped. Stevenson has suggested
both possibilities.
The question of Stevenson's di
vorce was brought into the TV
panel discussion by Mrs. Ruth
Murray, president of the Federa
tion of Republican Women of
Wisconsin. She said many women
are concerned as to who will be
the White House hostess in the
event Stevenson wins.
Nixon's around-the-clock cam
paign day began at St. Peters
burg, Fla., continued by automo
bile to Tampa, Fla., and from
there by air to Grand Rapids,
Mich., for two speeches earlier
today. He later flew to Milwau
kee, where he was greeted by the
two principal controversial fig
ures in Wisconsin GOP circles—
Senators Wiley and McCarthy.
Kefauver in Texas
Meanwhile, Sen. Estes Kefauver
campaigned through the drought
parcljed heart of Texas today
with the charge that President
Eisenhower and Agriculture Sec
retary Ezra T. Benson "don't
know a disaster when they see
one."
In a speech at the "Heart o'
Texas" Fair the Democratic vice
presidential nominee accused the
Eisenhower Administration of
trying to make a "secret" of the
Texas drought. He said "a man
made disaster of Republican in
difference" has contributed to the
natural disaster.
Campaigning in small towns
and farm communities earlier in
the day, the Tennessean said Ei
senhower's "interests are not with
the people but with the big peo
ple—the big-money people."
Coincidontally, rain fell today
in many of the communities
where Kefauver made his brief
appearances—the first measura
ble rain in weeks. Forced inside
the city hall at West, Tex., by
rain, Kefauver smilingly said, "I
want to take full credit for the
rain that we have."
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 1 —
(UP)—Vice President F.lchard M.
Nixon tonight refused to let Dcm
ocra t i c presidential nominee
Adlai E. Stevenson's divorce be
dragged into the spotlight as a
political issue.
"I think that any personal life
of a candidate is not a proper po
litical issue in the campaign,"
Nixon declared on a locally tele
vised panel show in Milwaukee.
"I have never discussed Steven
son's background or Truman's,"
he said. "What reason brought on
[Stevenson's] family difficulties
is no concern of mine."
The television panel, on which
both Truman and Stevenson ap
peared earlier, was part of a
whirlwind five-speech swing by
Nixon through Milwaukee in sup
port of Sen. Alexander Wiley (R-
Wis.) and others on the GOP
ticket.
Indirect Attack
In a speech to a Marquette Uni
versity crowd of more than 2,000
in Milwaukee, Nixon made an in
direct attack on Stevenson by say
ing he would not promise that the
draft and H-bomb tests would be
stopped. Stevenson has suggested
both possibilities.
The question of Stevenson's di
vorce was brought into the TV
panel discussion by Mrs. Ruth
Murray, president of the Federa
tion of Republican Women of
Wisconsin. She said many women
are concerned as to who will be
the White House hostess in the
event Stevenson wins.
Nixon's around-the-clock cam
paign day began at St. Peters
burg, Fla., continued by automo
bile to Tampa, Fla., and from
there by air to Grand Rapids,
Mich., for two speeches earlier
today. He later flew to Milwau
kee, where he was greeted by the
two principal controversial fig
ures in Wisconsin GOP circles—
Senators Wiley and McCarthy.
Kefauver in Texas
Meanwhile, Sen. Estes Kefauver
campaigned through the drought
parcljed heart of Texas today
with the charge that President
Eisenhower and Agriculture Sec
retary Ezra T. Benson "don't
know a disaster when they see
one."
In a speech at the "Heart o'
Texas" Fair the Democratic vice
presidential nominee accused the
Eisenhower Administration of
trying to make a "secret" of the
Texas drought. He said "a man
made disaster of Republican in
difference" has contributed to the
natural disaster.
Campaigning in small towns
and farm communities earlier in
the day, the Tennessean said Ei
senhower's "interests are not with
the people but with the big peo
ple—the big-money people."
Coincidontally, rain fell today
in many of the communities
where Kefauver made his brief
appearances—the first measura
ble rain in weeks. Forced inside
the city hall at West, Tex., by
rain, Kefauver smilingly said, "I
want to take full credit for the
rain that we have."
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 1 —
(UP)—Vice President F.lchard M.
Nixon tonight refused to let Dcm
ocra t i c presidential nominee
Adlai E. Stevenson's divorce be
dragged into the spotlight as a
political issue.
"I think that any personal life
of a candidate is not a proper po
litical issue in the campaign,"
Nixon declared on a locally tele
vised panel show in Milwaukee.
"I have never discussed Steven
son's background or Truman's,"
he said. "What reason brought on
[Stevenson's] family difficulties
is no concern of mine."
The television panel, on which
both Truman and Stevenson ap
peared earlier, was part of a
whirlwind five-speech swing by
Nixon through Milwaukee in sup
port of Sen. Alexander Wiley (R-
Wis.) and others on the GOP
ticket.
Indirect Attack
In a speech to a Marquette Uni
versity crowd of more than 2,000
in Milwaukee, Nixon made an in
direct attack on Stevenson by say
ing he would not promise that the
draft and H-bomb tests would be
stopped. Stevenson has suggested
both possibilities.
The question of Stevenson's di
vorce was brought into the TV
panel discussion by Mrs. Ruth
Murray, president of the Federa
tion of Republican Women of
Wisconsin. She said many women
are concerned as to who will be
the White House hostess in the
event Stevenson wins.
Nixon's around-the-clock cam
paign day began at St. Peters
burg, Fla., continued by automo
bile to Tampa, Fla., and from
there by air to Grand Rapids,
Mich., for two speeches earlier
today. He later flew to Milwau
kee, where he was greeted by the
two principal controversial fig
ures in Wisconsin GOP circles—
Senators Wiley and McCarthy.
Kefauver in Texas
Meanwhile, Sen. Estes Kefauver
campaigned through the drought
parcljed heart of Texas today
with the charge that President
Eisenhower and Agriculture Sec
retary Ezra T. Benson "don't
know a disaster when they see
one."
In a speech at the "Heart o'
Texas" Fair the Democratic vice
presidential nominee accused the
Eisenhower Administration of
trying to make a "secret" of the
Texas drought. He said "a man
made disaster of Republican in
difference" has contributed to the
natural disaster.
Campaigning in small towns
and farm communities earlier in
the day, the Tennessean said Ei
senhower's "interests are not with
the people but with the big peo
ple—the big-money people."
Coincidontally, rain fell today
in many of the communities
where Kefauver made his brief
appearances—the first measura
ble rain in weeks. Forced inside
the city hall at West, Tex., by
rain, Kefauver smilingly said, "I
want to take full credit for the
rain that we have."
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 1 —
(UP)—Vice President F.lchard M.
Nixon tonight refused to let Dcm
ocra t i c presidential nominee
Adlai E. Stevenson's divorce be
dragged into the spotlight as a
political issue.
"I think that any personal life
of a candidate is not a proper po
litical issue in the campaign,"
Nixon declared on a locally tele
vised panel show in Milwaukee.
"I have never discussed Steven
son's background or Truman's,"
he said. "What reason brought on
[Stevenson's] family difficulties
is no concern of mine."
The television panel, on which
both Truman and Stevenson ap
peared earlier, was part of a
whirlwind five-speech swing by
Nixon through Milwaukee in sup
port of Sen. Alexander Wiley (R-
Wis.) and others on the GOP
ticket.
Indirect Attack
In a speech to a Marquette Uni
versity crowd of more than 2,000
in Milwaukee, Nixon made an in
direct attack on Stevenson by say
ing he would not promise that the
draft and H-bomb tests would be
stopped. Stevenson has suggested
both possibilities.
The question of Stevenson's di
vorce was brought into the TV
panel discussion by Mrs. Ruth
Murray, president of the Federa
tion of Republican Women of
Wisconsin. She said many women
are concerned as to who will be
the White House hostess in the
event Stevenson wins.
Nixon's around-the-clock cam
paign day began at St. Peters
burg, Fla., continued by automo
bile to Tampa, Fla., and from
there by air to Grand Rapids,
Mich., for two speeches earlier
today. He later flew to Milwau
kee, where he was greeted by the
two principal controversial fig
ures in Wisconsin GOP circles—
Senators Wiley and McCarthy.
Kefauver in Texas
Meanwhile, Sen. Estes Kefauver
campaigned through the drought
parcljed heart of Texas today
with the charge that President
Eisenhower and Agriculture Sec
retary Ezra T. Benson "don't
know a disaster when they see
one."
In a speech at the "Heart o'
Texas" Fair the Democratic vice
presidential nominee accused the
Eisenhower Administration of
trying to make a "secret" of the
Texas drought. He said "a man
made disaster of Republican in
difference" has contributed to the
natural disaster.
Campaigning in small towns
and farm communities earlier in
the day, the Tennessean said Ei
senhower's "interests are not with
the people but with the big peo
ple—the big-money people."
Coincidontally, rain fell today
in many of the communities
where Kefauver made his brief
appearances—the first measura
ble rain in weeks. Forced inside
the city hall at West, Tex., by
rain, Kefauver smilingly said, "I
want to take full credit for the
rain that we have."
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 1 —
(UP)—Vice President F.lchard M.
Nixon tonight refused to let Dcm
ocra t i c presidential nominee
Adlai E. Stevenson's divorce be
dragged into the spotlight as a
political issue.
"I think that any personal life
of a candidate is not a proper po
litical issue in the campaign,"
Nixon declared on a locally tele
vised panel show in Milwaukee.
"I have never discussed Steven
son's background or Truman's,"
he said. "What reason brought on
[Stevenson's] family difficulties
is no concern of mine."
The television panel, on which
both Truman and Stevenson ap
peared earlier, was part of a
whirlwind five-speech swing by
Nixon through Milwaukee in sup
port of Sen. Alexander Wiley (R-
Wis.) and others on the GOP
ticket.
Indirect Attack
In a speech to a Marquette Uni
versity crowd of more than 2,000
in Milwaukee, Nixon made an in
direct attack on Stevenson by say
ing he would not promise that the
draft and H-bomb tests would be
stopped. Stevenson has suggested
both possibilities.
The question of Stevenson's di
vorce was brought into the TV
panel discussion by Mrs. Ruth
Murray, president of the Federa
tion of Republican Women of
Wisconsin. She said many women
are concerned as to who will be
the White House hostess in the
event Stevenson wins.
Nixon's around-the-clock cam
paign day began at St. Peters
burg, Fla., continued by automo
bile to Tampa, Fla., and from
there by air to Grand Rapids,
Mich., for two speeches earlier
today. He later flew to Milwau
kee, where he was greeted by the
two principal controversial fig
ures in Wisconsin GOP circles—
Senators Wiley and McCarthy.
Kefauver in Texas
Meanwhile, Sen. Estes Kefauver
campaigned through the drought
parcljed heart of Texas today
with the charge that President
Eisenhower and Agriculture Sec
retary Ezra T. Benson "don't
know a disaster when they see
one."
In a speech at the "Heart o'
Texas" Fair the Democratic vice
presidential nominee accused the
Eisenhower Administration of
trying to make a "secret" of the
Texas drought. He said "a man
made disaster of Republican in
difference" has contributed to the
natural disaster.
Campaigning in small towns
and farm communities earlier in
the day, the Tennessean said Ei
senhower's "interests are not with
the people but with the big peo
ple—the big-money people."
Coincidontally, rain fell today
in many of the communities
where Kefauver made his brief
appearances—the first measura
ble rain in weeks. Forced inside
the city hall at West, Tex., by
rain, Kefauver smilingly said, "I
want to take full credit for the
rain that we have."
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 1 —
(UP)—Vice President F.lchard M.
Nixon tonight refused to let Dcm
ocra t i c presidential nominee
Adlai E. Stevenson's divorce be
dragged into the spotlight as a
political issue.
"I think that any personal life
of a candidate is not a proper po
litical issue in the campaign,"
Nixon declared on a locally tele
vised panel show in Milwaukee.
"I have never discussed Steven
son's background or Truman's,"
he said. "What reason brought on
[Stevenson's] family difficulties
is no concern of mine."
The television panel, on which
both Truman and Stevenson ap
peared earlier, was part of a
whirlwind five-speech swing by
Nixon through Milwaukee in sup
port of Sen. Alexander Wiley (R-
Wis.) and others on the GOP
ticket.
Indirect Attack
In a speech to a Marquette Uni
versity crowd of more than 2,000
in Milwaukee, Nixon made an in
direct attack on Stevenson by say
ing he would not promise that the
draft and H-bomb tests would be
stopped. Stevenson has suggested
both possibilities.
The question of Stevenson's di
vorce was brought into the TV
panel discussion by Mrs. Ruth
Murray, president of the Federa
tion of Republican Women of
Wisconsin. She said many women
are concerned as to who will be
the White House hostess in the
event Stevenson wins.
Nixon's around-the-clock cam
paign day began at St. Peters
burg, Fla., continued by automo
bile to Tampa, Fla., and from
there by air to Grand Rapids,
Mich., for two speeches earlier
today. He later flew to Milwau
kee, where he was greeted by the
two principal controversial fig
ures in Wisconsin GOP circles—
Senators Wiley and McCarthy.
Kefauver in Texas
Meanwhile, Sen. Estes Kefauver
campaigned through the drought
parcljed heart of Texas today
with the charge that President
Eisenhower and Agriculture Sec
retary Ezra T. Benson "don't
know a disaster when they see
one."
In a speech at the "Heart o'
Texas" Fair the Democratic vice
presidential nominee accused the
Eisenhower Administration of
trying to make a "secret" of the
Texas drought. He said "a man
made disaster of Republican in
difference" has contributed to the
natural disaster.
Campaigning in small towns
and farm communities earlier in
the day, the Tennessean said Ei
senhower's "interests are not with
the people but with the big peo
ple—the big-money people."
Coincidontally, rain fell today
in many of the communities
where Kefauver made his brief
appearances—the first measura
ble rain in weeks. Forced inside
the city hall at West, Tex., by
rain, Kefauver smilingly said, "I
want to take full credit for the
rain that we have."
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 1 —
(UP)—Vice President F.lchard M.
Nixon tonight refused to let Dcm
ocra t i c presidential nominee
Adlai E. Stevenson's divorce be
dragged into the spotlight as a
political issue.
"I think that any personal life
of a candidate is not a proper po
litical issue in the campaign,"
Nixon declared on a locally tele
vised panel show in Milwaukee.
"I have never discussed Steven
son's background or Truman's,"
he said. "What reason brought on
[Stevenson's] family difficulties
is no concern of mine."
The television panel, on which
both Truman and Stevenson ap
peared earlier, was part of a
whirlwind five-speech swing by
Nixon through Milwaukee in sup
port of Sen. Alexander Wiley (R-
Wis.) and others on the GOP
ticket.
Indirect Attack
In a speech to a Marquette Uni
versity crowd of more than 2,000
in Milwaukee, Nixon made an in
direct attack on Stevenson by say
ing he would not promise that the
draft and H-bomb tests would be
stopped. Stevenson has suggested
both possibilities.
The question of Stevenson's di
vorce was brought into the TV
panel discussion by Mrs. Ruth
Murray, president of the Federa
tion of Republican Women of
Wisconsin. She said many women
are concerned as to who will be
the White House hostess in the
event Stevenson wins.
Nixon's around-the-clock cam
paign day began at St. Peters
burg, Fla., continued by automo
bile to Tampa, Fla., and from
there by air to Grand Rapids,
Mich., for two speeches earlier
today. He later flew to Milwau
kee, where he was greeted by the
two principal controversial fig
ures in Wisconsin GOP circles—
Senators Wiley and McCarthy.
Kefauver in Texas
Meanwhile, Sen. Estes Kefauver
campaigned through the drought
parcljed heart of Texas today
with the charge that President
Eisenhower and Agriculture Sec
retary Ezra T. Benson "don't
know a disaster when they see
one."
In a speech at the "Heart o'
Texas" Fair the Democratic vice
presidential nominee accused the
Eisenhower Administration of
trying to make a "secret" of the
Texas drought. He said "a man
made disaster of Republican in
difference" has contributed to the
natural disaster.
Campaigning in small towns
and farm communities earlier in
the day, the Tennessean said Ei
senhower's "interests are not with
the people but with the big peo
ple—the big-money people."
Coincidontally, rain fell today
in many of the communities
where Kefauver made his brief
appearances—the first measura
ble rain in weeks. Forced inside
the city hall at West, Tex., by
rain, Kefauver smilingly said, "I
want to take full credit for the
rain that we have."
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 1 —
(UP)—Vice President F.lchard M.
Nixon tonight refused to let Dcm
ocra t i c presidential nominee
Adlai E. Stevenson's divorce be
dragged into the spotlight as a
political issue.
"I think that any personal life
of a candidate is not a proper po
litical issue in the campaign,"
Nixon declared on a locally tele
vised panel show in Milwaukee.
"I have never discussed Steven
son's background or Truman's,"
he said. "What reason brought on
[Stevenson's] family difficulties
is no concern of mine."
The television panel, on which
both Truman and Stevenson ap
peared earlier, was part of a
whirlwind five-speech swing by
Nixon through Milwaukee in sup
port of Sen. Alexander Wiley (R-
Wis.) and others on the GOP
ticket.
Indirect Attack
In a speech to a Marquette Uni
versity crowd of more than 2,000
in Milwaukee, Nixon made an in
direct attack on Stevenson by say
ing he would not promise that the
draft and H-bomb tests would be
stopped. Stevenson has suggested
both possibilities.
The question of Stevenson's di
vorce was brought into the TV
panel discussion by Mrs. Ruth
Murray, president of the Federa
tion of Republican Women of
Wisconsin. She said many women
are concerned as to who will be
the White House hostess in the
event Stevenson wins.
Nixon's around-the-clock cam
paign day began at St. Peters
burg, Fla., continued by automo
bile to Tampa, Fla., and from
there by air to Grand Rapids,
Mich., for two speeches earlier
today. He later flew to Milwau
kee, where he was greeted by the
two principal controversial fig
ures in Wisconsin GOP circles—
Senators Wiley and McCarthy.
Kefauver in Texas
Meanwhile, Sen. Estes Kefauver
campaigned through the drought
parcljed heart of Texas today
with the charge that President
Eisenhower and Agriculture Sec
retary Ezra T. Benson "don't
know a disaster when they see
one."
In a speech at the "Heart o'
Texas" Fair the Democratic vice
presidential nominee accused the
Eisenhower Administration of
trying to make a "secret" of the
Texas drought. He said "a man
made disaster of Republican in
difference" has contributed to the
natural disaster.
Campaigning in small towns
and farm communities earlier in
the day, the Tennessean said Ei
senhower's "interests are not with
the people but with the big peo
ple—the big-money people."
Coincidontally, rain fell today
in many of the communities
where Kefauver made his brief
appearances—the first measura
ble rain in weeks. Forced inside
the city hall at West, Tex., by
rain, Kefauver smilingly said, "I
want to take full credit for the
rain that we have."
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 1 —
(UP)—Vice President F.lchard M.
Nixon tonight refused to let Dcm
ocra t i c presidential nominee
Adlai E. Stevenson's divorce be
dragged into the spotlight as a
political issue.
"I think that any personal life
of a candidate is not a proper po
litical issue in the campaign,"
Nixon declared on a locally tele
vised panel show in Milwaukee.
"I have never discussed Steven
son's background or Truman's,"
he said. "What reason brought on
[Stevenson's] family difficulties
is no concern of mine."
The television panel, on which
both Truman and Stevenson ap
peared earlier, was part of a
whirlwind five-speech swing by
Nixon through Milwaukee in sup
port of Sen. Alexander Wiley (R-
Wis.) and others on the GOP
ticket.
Indirect Attack
In a speech to a Marquette Uni
versity crowd of more than 2,000
in Milwaukee, Nixon made an in
direct attack on Stevenson by say
ing he would not promise that the
draft and H-bomb tests would be
stopped. Stevenson has suggested
both possibilities.
The question of Stevenson's di
vorce was brought into the TV
panel discussion by Mrs. Ruth
Murray, president of the Federa
tion of Republican Women of
Wisconsin. She said many women
are concerned as to who will be
the White House hostess in the
event Stevenson wins.
Nixon's around-the-clock cam
paign day began at St. Peters
burg, Fla., continued by automo
bile to Tampa, Fla., and from
there by air to Grand Rapids,
Mich., for two speeches earlier
today. He later flew to Milwau
kee, where he was greeted by the
two principal controversial fig
ures in Wisconsin GOP circles—
Senators Wiley and McCarthy.
Kefauver in Texas
Meanwhile, Sen. Estes Kefauver
campaigned through the drought
parcljed heart of Texas today
with the charge that President
Eisenhower and Agriculture Sec
retary Ezra T. Benson "don't
know a disaster when they see
one."
In a speech at the "Heart o'
Texas" Fair the Democratic vice
presidential nominee accused the
Eisenhower Administration of
trying to make a "secret" of the
Texas drought. He said "a man
made disaster of Republican in
difference" has contributed to the
natural disaster.
Campaigning in small towns
and farm communities earlier in
the day, the Tennessean said Ei
senhower's "interests are not with
the people but with the big peo
ple—the big-money people."
Coincidontally, rain fell today
in many of the communities
where Kefauver made his brief
appearances—the first measura
ble rain in weeks. Forced inside
the city hall at West, Tex., by
rain, Kefauver smilingly said, "I
want to take full credit for the
rain that we have."
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 1 —
(UP)—Vice President F.lchard M.
Nixon tonight refused to let Dcm
ocra t i c presidential nominee
Adlai E. Stevenson's divorce be
dragged into the spotlight as a
political issue.
"I think that any personal life
of a candidate is not a proper po
litical issue in the campaign,"
Nixon declared on a locally tele
vised panel show in Milwaukee.
"I have never discussed Steven
son's background or Truman's,"
he said. "What reason brought on
[Stevenson's] family difficulties
is no concern of mine."
The television panel, on which
both Truman and Stevenson ap
peared earlier, was part of a
whirlwind five-speech swing by
Nixon through Milwaukee in sup
port of Sen. Alexander Wiley (R-
Wis.) and others on the GOP
ticket.
Indirect Attack
In a speech to a Marquette Uni
versity crowd of more than 2,000
in Milwaukee, Nixon made an in
direct attack on Stevenson by say
ing he would not promise that the
draft and H-bomb tests would be
stopped. Stevenson has suggested
both possibilities.
The question of Stevenson's di
vorce was brought into the TV
panel discussion by Mrs. Ruth
Murray, president of the Federa
tion of Republican Women of
Wisconsin. She said many women
are concerned as to who will be
the White House hostess in the
event Stevenson wins.
Nixon's around-the-clock cam
paign day began at St. Peters
burg, Fla., continued by automo
bile to Tampa, Fla., and from
there by air to Grand Rapids,
Mich., for two speeches earlier
today. He later flew to Milwau
kee, where he was greeted by the
two principal controversial fig
ures in Wisconsin GOP circles—
Senators Wiley and McCarthy.
Kefauver in Texas
Meanwhile, Sen. Estes Kefauver
campaigned through the drought
parcljed heart of Texas today
with the charge that President
Eisenhower and Agriculture Sec
retary Ezra T. Benson "don't
know a disaster when they see
one."
In a speech at the "Heart o'
Texas" Fair the Democratic vice
presidential nominee accused the
Eisenhower Administration of
trying to make a "secret" of the
Texas drought. He said "a man
made disaster of Republican in
difference" has contributed to the
natural disaster.
Campaigning in small towns
and farm communities earlier in
the day, the Tennessean said Ei
senhower's "interests are not with
the people but with the big peo
ple—the big-money people."
Coincidontally, rain fell today
in many of the communities
where Kefauver made his brief
appearances—the first measura
ble rain in weeks. Forced inside
the city hall at West, Tex., by
rain, Kefauver smilingly said, "I
want to take full credit for the
rain that we have."
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 1 —
(UP)—Vice President F.lchard M.
Nixon tonight refused to let Dcm
ocra t i c presidential nominee
Adlai E. Stevenson's divorce be
dragged into the spotlight as a
political issue.
"I think that any personal life
of a candidate is not a proper po
litical issue in the campaign,"
Nixon declared on a locally tele
vised panel show in Milwaukee.
"I have never discussed Steven
son's background or Truman's,"
he said. "What reason brought on
[Stevenson's] family difficulties
is no concern of mine."
The television panel, on which
both Truman and Stevenson ap
peared earlier, was part of a
whirlwind five-speech swing by
Nixon through Milwaukee in sup
port of Sen. Alexander Wiley (R-
Wis.) and others on the GOP
ticket.
Indirect Attack
In a speech to a Marquette Uni
versity crowd of more than 2,000
in Milwaukee, Nixon made an in
direct attack on Stevenson by say
ing he would not promise that the
draft and H-bomb tests would be
stopped. Stevenson has suggested
both possibilities.
The question of Stevenson's di
vorce was brought into the TV
panel discussion by Mrs. Ruth
Murray, president of the Federa
tion of Republican Women of
Wisconsin. She said many women
are concerned as to who will be
the White House hostess in the
event Stevenson wins.
Nixon's around-the-clock cam
paign day began at St. Peters
burg, Fla., continued by automo
bile to Tampa, Fla., and from
there by air to Grand Rapids,
Mich., for two speeches earlier
today. He later flew to Milwau
kee, where he was greeted by the
two principal controversial fig
ures in Wisconsin GOP circles—
Senators Wiley and McCarthy.
Kefauver in Texas
Meanwhile, Sen. Estes Kefauver
campaigned through the drought
parcljed heart of Texas today
with the charge that President
Eisenhower and Agriculture Sec
retary Ezra T. Benson "don't
know a disaster when they see
one."
In a speech at the "Heart o'
Texas" Fair the Democratic vice
presidential nominee accused the
Eisenhower Administration of
trying to make a "secret" of the
Texas drought. He said "a man
made disaster of Republican in
difference" has contributed to the
natural disaster.
Campaigning in small towns
and farm communities earlier in
the day, the Tennessean said Ei
senhower's "interests are not with
the people but with the big peo
ple—the big-money people."
Coincidontally, rain fell today
in many of the communities
where Kefauver made his brief
appearances—the first measura
ble rain in weeks. Forced inside
the city hall at West, Tex., by
rain, Kefauver smilingly said, "I
want to take full credit for the
rain that we have."
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 1 —
(UP)—Vice President F.lchard M.
Nixon tonight refused to let Dcm
ocra t i c presidential nominee
Adlai E. Stevenson's divorce be
dragged into the spotlight as a
political issue.
"I think that any personal life
of a candidate is not a proper po
litical issue in the campaign,"
Nixon declared on a locally tele
vised panel show in Milwaukee.
"I have never discussed Steven
son's background or Truman's,"
he said. "What reason brought on
[Stevenson's] family difficulties
is no concern of mine."
The television panel, on which
both Truman and Stevenson ap
peared earlier, was part of a
whirlwind five-speech swing by
Nixon through Milwaukee in sup
port of Sen. Alexander Wiley (R-
Wis.) and others on the GOP
ticket.
Indirect Attack
In a speech to a Marquette Uni
versity crowd of more than 2,000
in Milwaukee, Nixon made an in
direct attack on Stevenson by say
ing he would not promise that the
draft and H-bomb tests would be
stopped. Stevenson has suggested
both possibilities.
The question of Stevenson's di
vorce was brought into the TV
panel discussion by Mrs. Ruth
Murray, president of the Federa
tion of Republican Women of
Wisconsin. She said many women
are concerned as to who will be
the White House hostess in the
event Stevenson wins.
Nixon's around-the-clock cam
paign day began at St. Peters
burg, Fla., continued by automo
bile to Tampa, Fla., and from
there by air to Grand Rapids,
Mich., for two speeches earlier
today. He later flew to Milwau
kee, where he was greeted by the
two principal controversial fig
ures in Wisconsin GOP circles—
Senators Wiley and McCarthy.
Kefauver in Texas
Meanwhile, Sen. Estes Kefauver
campaigned through the drought
parcljed heart of Texas today
with the charge that President
Eisenhower and Agriculture Sec
retary Ezra T. Benson "don't
know a disaster when they see
one."
In a speech at the "Heart o'
Texas" Fair the Democratic vice
presidential nominee accused the
Eisenhower Administration of
trying to make a "secret" of the
Texas drought. He said "a man
made disaster of Republican in
difference" has contributed to the
natural disaster.
Campaigning in small towns
and farm communities earlier in
the day, the Tennessean said Ei
senhower's "interests are not with
the people but with the big peo
ple—the big-money people."
Coincidontally, rain fell today
in many of the communities
where Kefauver made his brief
appearances—the first measura
ble rain in weeks. Forced inside
the city hall at West, Tex., by
rain, Kefauver smilingly said, "I
want to take full credit for the
rain that we have."
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 1 —
(UP)—Vice President F.lchard M.
Nixon tonight refused to let Dcm
ocra t i c presidential nominee
Adlai E. Stevenson's divorce be
dragged into the spotlight as a
political issue.
"I think that any personal life
of a candidate is not a proper po
litical issue in the campaign,"
Nixon declared on a locally tele
vised panel show in Milwaukee.
"I have never discussed Steven
son's background or Truman's,"
he said. "What reason brought on
[Stevenson's] family difficulties
is no concern of mine."
The television panel, on which
both Truman and Stevenson ap
peared earlier, was part of a
whirlwind five-speech swing by
Nixon through Milwaukee in sup
port of Sen. Alexander Wiley (R-
Wis.) and others on the GOP
ticket.
Indirect Attack
In a speech to a Marquette Uni
versity crowd of more than 2,000
in Milwaukee, Nixon made an in
direct attack on Stevenson by say
ing he would not promise that the
draft and H-bomb tests would be
stopped. Stevenson has suggested
both possibilities.
The question of Stevenson's di
vorce was brought into the TV
panel discussion by Mrs. Ruth
Murray, president of the Federa
tion of Republican Women of
Wisconsin. She said many women
are concerned as to who will be
the White House hostess in the
event Stevenson wins.
Nixon's around-the-clock cam
paign day began at St. Peters
burg, Fla., continued by automo
bile to Tampa, Fla., and from
there by air to Grand Rapids,
Mich., for two speeches earlier
today. He later flew to Milwau
kee, where he was greeted by the
two principal controversial fig
ures in Wisconsin GOP circles—
Senators Wiley and McCarthy.
Kefauver in Texas
Meanwhile, Sen. Estes Kefauver
campaigned through the drought
parcljed heart of Texas today
with the charge that President
Eisenhower and Agriculture Sec
retary Ezra T. Benson "don't
know a disaster when they see
one."
In a speech at the "Heart o'
Texas" Fair the Democratic vice
presidential nominee accused the
Eisenhower Administration of
trying to make a "secret" of the
Texas drought. He said "a man
made disaster of Republican in
difference" has contributed to the
natural disaster.
Campaigning in small towns
and farm communities earlier in
the day, the Tennessean said Ei
senhower's "interests are not with
the people but with the big peo
ple—the big-money people."
Coincidontally, rain fell today
in many of the communities
where Kefauver made his brief
appearances—the first measura
ble rain in weeks. Forced inside
the city hall at West, Tex., by
rain, Kefauver smilingly said, "I
want to take full credit for the
rain that we have."
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 1 —
(UP)—Vice President F.lchard M.
Nixon tonight refused to let Dcm
ocra t i c presidential nominee
Adlai E. Stevenson's divorce be
dragged into the spotlight as a
political issue.
"I think that any personal life
of a candidate is not a proper po
litical issue in the campaign,"
Nixon declared on a locally tele
vised panel show in Milwaukee.
"I have never discussed Steven
son's background or Truman's,"
he said. "What reason brought on
[Stevenson's] family difficulties
is no concern of mine."
The television panel, on which
both Truman and Stevenson ap
peared earlier, was part of a
whirlwind five-speech swing by
Nixon through Milwaukee in sup
port of Sen. Alexander Wiley (R-
Wis.) and others on the GOP
ticket.
Indirect Attack
In a speech to a Marquette Uni
versity crowd of more than 2,000
in Milwaukee, Nixon made an in
direct attack on Stevenson by say
ing he would not promise that the
draft and H-bomb tests would be
stopped. Stevenson has suggested
both possibilities.
The question of Stevenson's di
vorce was brought into the TV
panel discussion by Mrs. Ruth
Murray, president of the Federa
tion of Republican Women of
Wisconsin. She said many women
are concerned as to who will be
the White House hostess in the
event Stevenson wins.
Nixon's around-the-clock cam
paign day began at St. Peters
burg, Fla., continued by automo
bile to Tampa, Fla., and from
there by air to Grand Rapids,
Mich., for two speeches earlier
today. He later flew to Milwau
kee, where he was greeted by the
two principal controversial fig
ures in Wisconsin GOP circles—
Senators Wiley and McCarthy.
Kefauver in Texas
Meanwhile, Sen. Estes Kefauver
campaigned through the drought
parcljed heart of Texas today
with the charge that President
Eisenhower and Agriculture Sec
retary Ezra T. Benson "don't
know a disaster when they see
one."
In a speech at the "Heart o'
Texas" Fair the Democratic vice
presidential nominee accused the
Eisenhower Administration of
trying to make a "secret" of the
Texas drought. He said "a man
made disaster of Republican in
difference" has contributed to the
natural disaster.
Campaigning in small towns
and farm communities earlier in
the day, the Tennessean said Ei
senhower's "interests are not with
the people but with the big peo
ple—the big-money people."
Coincidontally, rain fell today
in many of the communities
where Kefauver made his brief
appearances—the first measura
ble rain in weeks. Forced inside
the city hall at West, Tex., by
rain, Kefauver smilingly said, "I
want to take full credit for the
rain that we have."
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 1 —
(UP)—Vice President F.lchard M.
Nixon tonight refused to let Dcm
ocra t i c presidential nominee
Adlai E. Stevenson's divorce be
dragged into the spotlight as a
political issue.
"I think that any personal life
of a candidate is not a proper po
litical issue in the campaign,"
Nixon declared on a locally tele
vised panel show in Milwaukee.
"I have never discussed Steven
son's background or Truman's,"
he said. "What reason brought on
[Stevenson's] family difficulties
is no concern of mine."
The television panel, on which
both Truman and Stevenson ap
peared earlier, was part of a
whirlwind five-speech swing by
Nixon through Milwaukee in sup
port of Sen. Alexander Wiley (R-
Wis.) and others on the GOP
ticket.
Indirect Attack
In a speech to a Marquette Uni
versity crowd of more than 2,000
in Milwaukee, Nixon made an in
direct attack on Stevenson by say
ing he would not promise that the
draft and H-bomb tests would be
stopped. Stevenson has suggested
both possibilities.
The question of Stevenson's di
vorce was brought into the TV
panel discussion by Mrs. Ruth
Murray, president of the Federa
tion of Republican Women of
Wisconsin. She said many women
are concerned as to who will be
the White House hostess in the
event Stevenson wins.
Nixon's around-the-clock cam
paign day began at St. Peters
burg, Fla., continued by automo
bile to Tampa, Fla., and from
there by air to Grand Rapids,
Mich., for two speeches earlier
today. He later flew to Milwau
kee, where he was greeted by the
two principal controversial fig
ures in Wisconsin GOP circles—
Senators Wiley and McCarthy.
Kefauver in Texas
Meanwhile, Sen. Estes Kefauver
campaigned through the drought
parcljed heart of Texas today
with the charge that President
Eisenhower and Agriculture Sec
retary Ezra T. Benson "don't
know a disaster when they see
one."
In a speech at the "Heart o'
Texas" Fair the Democratic vice
presidential nominee accused the
Eisenhower Administration of
trying to make a "secret" of the
Texas drought. He said "a man
made disaster of Republican in
difference" has contributed to the
natural disaster.
Campaigning in small towns
and farm communities earlier in
the day, the Tennessean said Ei
senhower's "interests are not with
the people but with the big peo
ple—the big-money people."
Coincidontally, rain fell today
in many of the communities
where Kefauver made his brief
appearances—the first measura
ble rain in weeks. Forced inside
the city hall at West, Tex., by
rain, Kefauver smilingly said, "I
want to take full credit for the
rain that we have."
