# BASKETBALL
## Indians to Meet U.S.F. Tonight 
### 
Skyscraping, win-hungry Stanford
varsity basketball players, nearly
desperate for their first victory of
1943 as they peer up from the con
ference cellar, collide with the Uni
versity of San Francisco at 8 p.m.
tonight in the Pavilion in a non
conference game.
One-point shaded the Indians last
night in the heart-breaker at Cal,
and another funeral could be in the
offing very easily; USF is' no push
over.
They have beaten Henry Lusetti
and St. Mary's Pre-Flight not once
but twice, a feat that Stanford at
tempted but couldn't achieve. They
bounced Santa Clara 54-39 when the
best that Leland J. could do was 46-
44.
liooming large in the potential
scoring column this evening is Mushy
, Silver, guard for the Dons, who has
been the "Mast Embarrassing Guard
of the Year" as far as Lusetti the
Great and other shining forwards in
the Bay Area are concerned. He can
shoot, and, as guards go, he guards
with a capital G.
The Indians are tired; a game like
that with Cal last night takes every
thing, and what's left has to come
back to piny at least the second
strongest independent outfit on the
coast.
The lineups:
Stanford USF
Dana Ahern
Linari Rodriguez
Voss Asselin
Dallmar Silver
McCaffrey Wells
