# Asian-American Conference
## 
### 
A day-long conference on
Asian-American community
problems will be held
Saturday, april 14, beginning
at 8:30 a.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The morning session will
include several speakers as
well as a panel discussion on
"Images in the Media."
Conference members will
break up into workshops in
the afternoon to discuss such
topics as education, job
discrimination, and problems
of imigrants.
The conference is free and
open to the public.
A day-long conference on
Asian-American community
problems will be held
Saturday, april 14, beginning
at 8:30 a.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The morning session will
include several speakers as
well as a panel discussion on
"Images in the Media."
Conference members will
break up into workshops in
the afternoon to discuss such
topics as education, job
discrimination, and problems
of imigrants.
The conference is free and
open to the public.
A day-long conference on
Asian-American community
problems will be held
Saturday, april 14, beginning
at 8:30 a.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The morning session will
include several speakers as
well as a panel discussion on
"Images in the Media."
Conference members will
break up into workshops in
the afternoon to discuss such
topics as education, job
discrimination, and problems
of imigrants.
The conference is free and
open to the public.
A day-long conference on
Asian-American community
problems will be held
Saturday, april 14, beginning
at 8:30 a.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The morning session will
include several speakers as
well as a panel discussion on
"Images in the Media."
Conference members will
break up into workshops in
the afternoon to discuss such
topics as education, job
discrimination, and problems
of imigrants.
The conference is free and
open to the public.
A day-long conference on
Asian-American community
problems will be held
Saturday, april 14, beginning
at 8:30 a.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The morning session will
include several speakers as
well as a panel discussion on
"Images in the Media."
Conference members will
break up into workshops in
the afternoon to discuss such
topics as education, job
discrimination, and problems
of imigrants.
The conference is free and
open to the public.
A day-long conference on
Asian-American community
problems will be held
Saturday, april 14, beginning
at 8:30 a.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The morning session will
include several speakers as
well as a panel discussion on
"Images in the Media."
Conference members will
break up into workshops in
the afternoon to discuss such
topics as education, job
discrimination, and problems
of imigrants.
The conference is free and
open to the public.
A day-long conference on
Asian-American community
problems will be held
Saturday, april 14, beginning
at 8:30 a.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The morning session will
include several speakers as
well as a panel discussion on
"Images in the Media."
Conference members will
break up into workshops in
the afternoon to discuss such
topics as education, job
discrimination, and problems
of imigrants.
The conference is free and
open to the public.
A day-long conference on
Asian-American community
problems will be held
Saturday, april 14, beginning
at 8:30 a.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The morning session will
include several speakers as
well as a panel discussion on
"Images in the Media."
Conference members will
break up into workshops in
the afternoon to discuss such
topics as education, job
discrimination, and problems
of imigrants.
The conference is free and
open to the public.
A day-long conference on
Asian-American community
problems will be held
Saturday, april 14, beginning
at 8:30 a.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The morning session will
include several speakers as
well as a panel discussion on
"Images in the Media."
Conference members will
break up into workshops in
the afternoon to discuss such
topics as education, job
discrimination, and problems
of imigrants.
The conference is free and
open to the public.
A day-long conference on
Asian-American community
problems will be held
Saturday, april 14, beginning
at 8:30 a.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The morning session will
include several speakers as
well as a panel discussion on
"Images in the Media."
Conference members will
break up into workshops in
the afternoon to discuss such
topics as education, job
discrimination, and problems
of imigrants.
The conference is free and
open to the public.
A day-long conference on
Asian-American community
problems will be held
Saturday, april 14, beginning
at 8:30 a.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The morning session will
include several speakers as
well as a panel discussion on
"Images in the Media."
Conference members will
break up into workshops in
the afternoon to discuss such
topics as education, job
discrimination, and problems
of imigrants.
The conference is free and
open to the public.
A day-long conference on
Asian-American community
problems will be held
Saturday, april 14, beginning
at 8:30 a.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The morning session will
include several speakers as
well as a panel discussion on
"Images in the Media."
Conference members will
break up into workshops in
the afternoon to discuss such
topics as education, job
discrimination, and problems
of imigrants.
The conference is free and
open to the public.
A day-long conference on
Asian-American community
problems will be held
Saturday, april 14, beginning
at 8:30 a.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The morning session will
include several speakers as
well as a panel discussion on
"Images in the Media."
Conference members will
break up into workshops in
the afternoon to discuss such
topics as education, job
discrimination, and problems
of imigrants.
The conference is free and
open to the public.
A day-long conference on
Asian-American community
problems will be held
Saturday, april 14, beginning
at 8:30 a.m. in Cubberley
Auditorium.
The morning session will
include several speakers as
well as a panel discussion on
"Images in the Media."
Conference members will
break up into workshops in
the afternoon to discuss such
topics as education, job
discrimination, and problems
of imigrants.
The conference is free and
open to the public.
