# Adv. 24 Page 11
## 
### 
Did you
know
we can find
a breast
cancer
as small as
the head of
a pin?
Such a tiny cancer can
almost always be cured. A
cancer of this size can best
be found by mammography
â€”a technique of low-dose
breast x-rays. Using far
less radiation than ever
before, mammography
can detect a cancer long
before a lump can be felt.
While the cancer is still
highly curable
Not every woman needs
mammography. But for
those women over 50 or
with special reasons to be
concerned, like those with
symptoms or a strong
family history of breast
cancer, mammography
can find a tiny cancer
before it has spread.
Ask your doctor about
mammography.
4
American
Cancer
Society
I I
THIS SPACF. CONTRIBUTED AS A PUBLIC SSRVICI
