# Medfly
## forum page 
### 
Members of the Stanford
community speak out on the
topics of the medfly infesta
tion and the malathion
spraying.
Members of the Stanford
community speak out on the
topics of the medfly infesta
tion and the malathion
spraying.
Members of the Stanford
community speak out on the
topics of the medfly infesta
tion and the malathion
spraying.
Members of the Stanford
community speak out on the
topics of the medfly infesta
tion and the malathion
spraying.
Members of the Stanford
community speak out on the
topics of the medfly infesta
tion and the malathion
spraying.
Members of the Stanford
community speak out on the
topics of the medfly infesta
tion and the malathion
spraying.
Members of the Stanford
community speak out on the
topics of the medfly infesta
tion and the malathion
spraying.
Members of the Stanford
community speak out on the
topics of the medfly infesta
tion and the malathion
spraying.
