# Health Center Immunizations Begin Today
## 
### 
The Health Servicc will administer
free tetnus and typhoid shots for
students starting today and continu
ing every Tuesday and Thursday
from 1 to 4 p.m. until the end of
Sprint* quarter.
Both the tetnus and typhoid series
ronsist of three shots. Typhoid in
jections are given once a week, and
tetnus once every three weeks.
Booster shots will be given also.
The Health Service suggests that a
tetnus booster be taken one year
after immunization anH a typhoid
booster three years after completion
of the series. One tetnus booster is
sufficient until time of injury when
an additional one may be given.
Immunization occurs a few weeks
after the typhoid series and approxi
mately live months after the tetnus
series Dr Houck Director of the
Stanford Health Service, advised
that both series be started as soon
as possible.
The Health Servicc will administer
free tetnus and typhoid shots for
students starting today and continu
ing every Tuesday and Thursday
from 1 to 4 p.m. until the end of
Sprint* quarter.
Both the tetnus and typhoid series
ronsist of three shots. Typhoid in
jections are given once a week, and
tetnus once every three weeks.
Booster shots will be given also.
The Health Service suggests that a
tetnus booster be taken one year
after immunization anH a typhoid
booster three years after completion
of the series. One tetnus booster is
sufficient until time of injury when
an additional one may be given.
Immunization occurs a few weeks
after the typhoid series and approxi
mately live months after the tetnus
series Dr Houck Director of the
Stanford Health Service, advised
that both series be started as soon
as possible.
The Health Servicc will administer
free tetnus and typhoid shots for
students starting today and continu
ing every Tuesday and Thursday
from 1 to 4 p.m. until the end of
Sprint* quarter.
Both the tetnus and typhoid series
ronsist of three shots. Typhoid in
jections are given once a week, and
tetnus once every three weeks.
Booster shots will be given also.
The Health Service suggests that a
tetnus booster be taken one year
after immunization anH a typhoid
booster three years after completion
of the series. One tetnus booster is
sufficient until time of injury when
an additional one may be given.
Immunization occurs a few weeks
after the typhoid series and approxi
mately live months after the tetnus
series Dr Houck Director of the
Stanford Health Service, advised
that both series be started as soon
as possible.
The Health Servicc will administer
free tetnus and typhoid shots for
students starting today and continu
ing every Tuesday and Thursday
from 1 to 4 p.m. until the end of
Sprint* quarter.
Both the tetnus and typhoid series
ronsist of three shots. Typhoid in
jections are given once a week, and
tetnus once every three weeks.
Booster shots will be given also.
The Health Service suggests that a
tetnus booster be taken one year
after immunization anH a typhoid
booster three years after completion
of the series. One tetnus booster is
sufficient until time of injury when
an additional one may be given.
Immunization occurs a few weeks
after the typhoid series and approxi
mately live months after the tetnus
series Dr Houck Director of the
Stanford Health Service, advised
that both series be started as soon
as possible.
The Health Servicc will administer
free tetnus and typhoid shots for
students starting today and continu
ing every Tuesday and Thursday
from 1 to 4 p.m. until the end of
Sprint* quarter.
Both the tetnus and typhoid series
ronsist of three shots. Typhoid in
jections are given once a week, and
tetnus once every three weeks.
Booster shots will be given also.
The Health Service suggests that a
tetnus booster be taken one year
after immunization anH a typhoid
booster three years after completion
of the series. One tetnus booster is
sufficient until time of injury when
an additional one may be given.
Immunization occurs a few weeks
after the typhoid series and approxi
mately live months after the tetnus
series Dr Houck Director of the
Stanford Health Service, advised
that both series be started as soon
as possible.
The Health Servicc will administer
free tetnus and typhoid shots for
students starting today and continu
ing every Tuesday and Thursday
from 1 to 4 p.m. until the end of
Sprint* quarter.
Both the tetnus and typhoid series
ronsist of three shots. Typhoid in
jections are given once a week, and
tetnus once every three weeks.
Booster shots will be given also.
The Health Service suggests that a
tetnus booster be taken one year
after immunization anH a typhoid
booster three years after completion
of the series. One tetnus booster is
sufficient until time of injury when
an additional one may be given.
Immunization occurs a few weeks
after the typhoid series and approxi
mately live months after the tetnus
series Dr Houck Director of the
Stanford Health Service, advised
that both series be started as soon
as possible.
The Health Servicc will administer
free tetnus and typhoid shots for
students starting today and continu
ing every Tuesday and Thursday
from 1 to 4 p.m. until the end of
Sprint* quarter.
Both the tetnus and typhoid series
ronsist of three shots. Typhoid in
jections are given once a week, and
tetnus once every three weeks.
Booster shots will be given also.
The Health Service suggests that a
tetnus booster be taken one year
after immunization anH a typhoid
booster three years after completion
of the series. One tetnus booster is
sufficient until time of injury when
an additional one may be given.
Immunization occurs a few weeks
after the typhoid series and approxi
mately live months after the tetnus
series Dr Houck Director of the
Stanford Health Service, advised
that both series be started as soon
as possible.
The Health Servicc will administer
free tetnus and typhoid shots for
students starting today and continu
ing every Tuesday and Thursday
from 1 to 4 p.m. until the end of
Sprint* quarter.
Both the tetnus and typhoid series
ronsist of three shots. Typhoid in
jections are given once a week, and
tetnus once every three weeks.
Booster shots will be given also.
The Health Service suggests that a
tetnus booster be taken one year
after immunization anH a typhoid
booster three years after completion
of the series. One tetnus booster is
sufficient until time of injury when
an additional one may be given.
Immunization occurs a few weeks
after the typhoid series and approxi
mately live months after the tetnus
series Dr Houck Director of the
Stanford Health Service, advised
that both series be started as soon
as possible.
The Health Servicc will administer
free tetnus and typhoid shots for
students starting today and continu
ing every Tuesday and Thursday
from 1 to 4 p.m. until the end of
Sprint* quarter.
Both the tetnus and typhoid series
ronsist of three shots. Typhoid in
jections are given once a week, and
tetnus once every three weeks.
Booster shots will be given also.
The Health Service suggests that a
tetnus booster be taken one year
after immunization anH a typhoid
booster three years after completion
of the series. One tetnus booster is
sufficient until time of injury when
an additional one may be given.
Immunization occurs a few weeks
after the typhoid series and approxi
mately live months after the tetnus
series Dr Houck Director of the
Stanford Health Service, advised
that both series be started as soon
as possible.
The Health Servicc will administer
free tetnus and typhoid shots for
students starting today and continu
ing every Tuesday and Thursday
from 1 to 4 p.m. until the end of
Sprint* quarter.
Both the tetnus and typhoid series
ronsist of three shots. Typhoid in
jections are given once a week, and
tetnus once every three weeks.
Booster shots will be given also.
The Health Service suggests that a
tetnus booster be taken one year
after immunization anH a typhoid
booster three years after completion
of the series. One tetnus booster is
sufficient until time of injury when
an additional one may be given.
Immunization occurs a few weeks
after the typhoid series and approxi
mately live months after the tetnus
series Dr Houck Director of the
Stanford Health Service, advised
that both series be started as soon
as possible.
The Health Servicc will administer
free tetnus and typhoid shots for
students starting today and continu
ing every Tuesday and Thursday
from 1 to 4 p.m. until the end of
Sprint* quarter.
Both the tetnus and typhoid series
ronsist of three shots. Typhoid in
jections are given once a week, and
tetnus once every three weeks.
Booster shots will be given also.
The Health Service suggests that a
tetnus booster be taken one year
after immunization anH a typhoid
booster three years after completion
of the series. One tetnus booster is
sufficient until time of injury when
an additional one may be given.
Immunization occurs a few weeks
after the typhoid series and approxi
mately live months after the tetnus
series Dr Houck Director of the
Stanford Health Service, advised
that both series be started as soon
as possible.
The Health Servicc will administer
free tetnus and typhoid shots for
students starting today and continu
ing every Tuesday and Thursday
from 1 to 4 p.m. until the end of
Sprint* quarter.
Both the tetnus and typhoid series
ronsist of three shots. Typhoid in
jections are given once a week, and
tetnus once every three weeks.
Booster shots will be given also.
The Health Service suggests that a
tetnus booster be taken one year
after immunization anH a typhoid
booster three years after completion
of the series. One tetnus booster is
sufficient until time of injury when
an additional one may be given.
Immunization occurs a few weeks
after the typhoid series and approxi
mately live months after the tetnus
series Dr Houck Director of the
Stanford Health Service, advised
that both series be started as soon
as possible.
The Health Servicc will administer
free tetnus and typhoid shots for
students starting today and continu
ing every Tuesday and Thursday
from 1 to 4 p.m. until the end of
Sprint* quarter.
Both the tetnus and typhoid series
ronsist of three shots. Typhoid in
jections are given once a week, and
tetnus once every three weeks.
Booster shots will be given also.
The Health Service suggests that a
tetnus booster be taken one year
after immunization anH a typhoid
booster three years after completion
of the series. One tetnus booster is
sufficient until time of injury when
an additional one may be given.
Immunization occurs a few weeks
after the typhoid series and approxi
mately live months after the tetnus
series Dr Houck Director of the
Stanford Health Service, advised
that both series be started as soon
as possible.
The Health Servicc will administer
free tetnus and typhoid shots for
students starting today and continu
ing every Tuesday and Thursday
from 1 to 4 p.m. until the end of
Sprint* quarter.
Both the tetnus and typhoid series
ronsist of three shots. Typhoid in
jections are given once a week, and
tetnus once every three weeks.
Booster shots will be given also.
The Health Service suggests that a
tetnus booster be taken one year
after immunization anH a typhoid
booster three years after completion
of the series. One tetnus booster is
sufficient until time of injury when
an additional one may be given.
Immunization occurs a few weeks
after the typhoid series and approxi
mately live months after the tetnus
series Dr Houck Director of the
Stanford Health Service, advised
that both series be started as soon
as possible.
The Health Servicc will administer
free tetnus and typhoid shots for
students starting today and continu
ing every Tuesday and Thursday
from 1 to 4 p.m. until the end of
Sprint* quarter.
Both the tetnus and typhoid series
ronsist of three shots. Typhoid in
jections are given once a week, and
tetnus once every three weeks.
Booster shots will be given also.
The Health Service suggests that a
tetnus booster be taken one year
after immunization anH a typhoid
booster three years after completion
of the series. One tetnus booster is
sufficient until time of injury when
an additional one may be given.
Immunization occurs a few weeks
after the typhoid series and approxi
mately live months after the tetnus
series Dr Houck Director of the
Stanford Health Service, advised
that both series be started as soon
as possible.
The Health Servicc will administer
free tetnus and typhoid shots for
students starting today and continu
ing every Tuesday and Thursday
from 1 to 4 p.m. until the end of
Sprint* quarter.
Both the tetnus and typhoid series
ronsist of three shots. Typhoid in
jections are given once a week, and
tetnus once every three weeks.
Booster shots will be given also.
The Health Service suggests that a
tetnus booster be taken one year
after immunization anH a typhoid
booster three years after completion
of the series. One tetnus booster is
sufficient until time of injury when
an additional one may be given.
Immunization occurs a few weeks
after the typhoid series and approxi
mately live months after the tetnus
series Dr Houck Director of the
Stanford Health Service, advised
that both series be started as soon
as possible.
