# HUSKIES FAVORED TO DEFEAT BEADS IN P. C. C. BATTLE
## Hank Schaldach's Return Strengthens Attack Of California 
### Dick Rodda 
Despite the fact that they lost
their initial conference game to the
Washington State Cougars last Sat
urday the California Golden Bears
will go into their annual grid battle
with the Washington Huskies to
morrow at Seattle with almost an
even chance to win.
The Bears are probably overrated
because of their erratic brahd of
football. After losing to seemingly
second-class outfits they often come
back within a week or so to topple
an opponent rated of the highest
caliber.
U.C. Is Dangerous
Such was the case when the Bears
fought to a tie with the highly
touted St. Mary's Gaels a couple of
weeks ago after losing to Santa
Clara two weeks before. In other
words, whenever the Bears have
taken punishment from a little guy,
they will be extremely dangerous to
the next guy that comes along
whether he is big or small. This is
principally due to Coach Bill In
gram's ability to inject fight into his
squad on the eve of an important
game, especially following defeat
the week previous.
Another reason why California's
chances are good tomorrow is that
Hank Schaldach, spark plug of the
Bear backfield, will be in the game.
Schaldach played part of last Sat
urday's tilt, it is true, but he had
just recovered from his ankle injury
and could not give his best. With
Hank back in tip-top shape the Bear
powerhouse attack may begin to
click.
Washington Undefeated
Of course if any favorite is chosen
for the Seattle fracas, it must be
Washington. The Huskies are unde
feated and have had a rest of two
weeks, all to the Bear's disadvan
tage. Secondly, they are playing at
home and any Washington outfit is
hard to handle at Seattle whether
it is considered weak or strong.
Despite the fact that they lost
their initial conference game to the
Washington State Cougars last Sat
urday the California Golden Bears
will go into their annual grid battle
with the Washington Huskies to
morrow at Seattle with almost an
even chance to win.
The Bears are probably overrated
because of their erratic brahd of
football. After losing to seemingly
second-class outfits they often come
back within a week or so to topple
an opponent rated of the highest
caliber.
U.C. Is Dangerous
Such was the case when the Bears
fought to a tie with the highly
touted St. Mary's Gaels a couple of
weeks ago after losing to Santa
Clara two weeks before. In other
words, whenever the Bears have
taken punishment from a little guy,
they will be extremely dangerous to
the next guy that comes along
whether he is big or small. This is
principally due to Coach Bill In
gram's ability to inject fight into his
squad on the eve of an important
game, especially following defeat
the week previous.
Another reason why California's
chances are good tomorrow is that
Hank Schaldach, spark plug of the
Bear backfield, will be in the game.
Schaldach played part of last Sat
urday's tilt, it is true, but he had
just recovered from his ankle injury
and could not give his best. With
Hank back in tip-top shape the Bear
powerhouse attack may begin to
click.
Washington Undefeated
Of course if any favorite is chosen
for the Seattle fracas, it must be
Washington. The Huskies are unde
feated and have had a rest of two
weeks, all to the Bear's disadvan
tage. Secondly, they are playing at
home and any Washington outfit is
hard to handle at Seattle whether
it is considered weak or strong.
Despite the fact that they lost
their initial conference game to the
Washington State Cougars last Sat
urday the California Golden Bears
will go into their annual grid battle
with the Washington Huskies to
morrow at Seattle with almost an
even chance to win.
The Bears are probably overrated
because of their erratic brahd of
football. After losing to seemingly
second-class outfits they often come
back within a week or so to topple
an opponent rated of the highest
caliber.
U.C. Is Dangerous
Such was the case when the Bears
fought to a tie with the highly
touted St. Mary's Gaels a couple of
weeks ago after losing to Santa
Clara two weeks before. In other
words, whenever the Bears have
taken punishment from a little guy,
they will be extremely dangerous to
the next guy that comes along
whether he is big or small. This is
principally due to Coach Bill In
gram's ability to inject fight into his
squad on the eve of an important
game, especially following defeat
the week previous.
Another reason why California's
chances are good tomorrow is that
Hank Schaldach, spark plug of the
Bear backfield, will be in the game.
Schaldach played part of last Sat
urday's tilt, it is true, but he had
just recovered from his ankle injury
and could not give his best. With
Hank back in tip-top shape the Bear
powerhouse attack may begin to
click.
Washington Undefeated
Of course if any favorite is chosen
for the Seattle fracas, it must be
Washington. The Huskies are unde
feated and have had a rest of two
weeks, all to the Bear's disadvan
tage. Secondly, they are playing at
home and any Washington outfit is
hard to handle at Seattle whether
it is considered weak or strong.
Despite the fact that they lost
their initial conference game to the
Washington State Cougars last Sat
urday the California Golden Bears
will go into their annual grid battle
with the Washington Huskies to
morrow at Seattle with almost an
even chance to win.
The Bears are probably overrated
because of their erratic brahd of
football. After losing to seemingly
second-class outfits they often come
back within a week or so to topple
an opponent rated of the highest
caliber.
U.C. Is Dangerous
Such was the case when the Bears
fought to a tie with the highly
touted St. Mary's Gaels a couple of
weeks ago after losing to Santa
Clara two weeks before. In other
words, whenever the Bears have
taken punishment from a little guy,
they will be extremely dangerous to
the next guy that comes along
whether he is big or small. This is
principally due to Coach Bill In
gram's ability to inject fight into his
squad on the eve of an important
game, especially following defeat
the week previous.
Another reason why California's
chances are good tomorrow is that
Hank Schaldach, spark plug of the
Bear backfield, will be in the game.
Schaldach played part of last Sat
urday's tilt, it is true, but he had
just recovered from his ankle injury
and could not give his best. With
Hank back in tip-top shape the Bear
powerhouse attack may begin to
click.
Washington Undefeated
Of course if any favorite is chosen
for the Seattle fracas, it must be
Washington. The Huskies are unde
feated and have had a rest of two
weeks, all to the Bear's disadvan
tage. Secondly, they are playing at
home and any Washington outfit is
hard to handle at Seattle whether
it is considered weak or strong.
Despite the fact that they lost
their initial conference game to the
Washington State Cougars last Sat
urday the California Golden Bears
will go into their annual grid battle
with the Washington Huskies to
morrow at Seattle with almost an
even chance to win.
The Bears are probably overrated
because of their erratic brahd of
football. After losing to seemingly
second-class outfits they often come
back within a week or so to topple
an opponent rated of the highest
caliber.
U.C. Is Dangerous
Such was the case when the Bears
fought to a tie with the highly
touted St. Mary's Gaels a couple of
weeks ago after losing to Santa
Clara two weeks before. In other
words, whenever the Bears have
taken punishment from a little guy,
they will be extremely dangerous to
the next guy that comes along
whether he is big or small. This is
principally due to Coach Bill In
gram's ability to inject fight into his
squad on the eve of an important
game, especially following defeat
the week previous.
Another reason why California's
chances are good tomorrow is that
Hank Schaldach, spark plug of the
Bear backfield, will be in the game.
Schaldach played part of last Sat
urday's tilt, it is true, but he had
just recovered from his ankle injury
and could not give his best. With
Hank back in tip-top shape the Bear
powerhouse attack may begin to
click.
Washington Undefeated
Of course if any favorite is chosen
for the Seattle fracas, it must be
Washington. The Huskies are unde
feated and have had a rest of two
weeks, all to the Bear's disadvan
tage. Secondly, they are playing at
home and any Washington outfit is
hard to handle at Seattle whether
it is considered weak or strong.
Despite the fact that they lost
their initial conference game to the
Washington State Cougars last Sat
urday the California Golden Bears
will go into their annual grid battle
with the Washington Huskies to
morrow at Seattle with almost an
even chance to win.
The Bears are probably overrated
because of their erratic brahd of
football. After losing to seemingly
second-class outfits they often come
back within a week or so to topple
an opponent rated of the highest
caliber.
U.C. Is Dangerous
Such was the case when the Bears
fought to a tie with the highly
touted St. Mary's Gaels a couple of
weeks ago after losing to Santa
Clara two weeks before. In other
words, whenever the Bears have
taken punishment from a little guy,
they will be extremely dangerous to
the next guy that comes along
whether he is big or small. This is
principally due to Coach Bill In
gram's ability to inject fight into his
squad on the eve of an important
game, especially following defeat
the week previous.
Another reason why California's
chances are good tomorrow is that
Hank Schaldach, spark plug of the
Bear backfield, will be in the game.
Schaldach played part of last Sat
urday's tilt, it is true, but he had
just recovered from his ankle injury
and could not give his best. With
Hank back in tip-top shape the Bear
powerhouse attack may begin to
click.
Washington Undefeated
Of course if any favorite is chosen
for the Seattle fracas, it must be
Washington. The Huskies are unde
feated and have had a rest of two
weeks, all to the Bear's disadvan
tage. Secondly, they are playing at
home and any Washington outfit is
hard to handle at Seattle whether
it is considered weak or strong.
Despite the fact that they lost
their initial conference game to the
Washington State Cougars last Sat
urday the California Golden Bears
will go into their annual grid battle
with the Washington Huskies to
morrow at Seattle with almost an
even chance to win.
The Bears are probably overrated
because of their erratic brahd of
football. After losing to seemingly
second-class outfits they often come
back within a week or so to topple
an opponent rated of the highest
caliber.
U.C. Is Dangerous
Such was the case when the Bears
fought to a tie with the highly
touted St. Mary's Gaels a couple of
weeks ago after losing to Santa
Clara two weeks before. In other
words, whenever the Bears have
taken punishment from a little guy,
they will be extremely dangerous to
the next guy that comes along
whether he is big or small. This is
principally due to Coach Bill In
gram's ability to inject fight into his
squad on the eve of an important
game, especially following defeat
the week previous.
Another reason why California's
chances are good tomorrow is that
Hank Schaldach, spark plug of the
Bear backfield, will be in the game.
Schaldach played part of last Sat
urday's tilt, it is true, but he had
just recovered from his ankle injury
and could not give his best. With
Hank back in tip-top shape the Bear
powerhouse attack may begin to
click.
Washington Undefeated
Of course if any favorite is chosen
for the Seattle fracas, it must be
Washington. The Huskies are unde
feated and have had a rest of two
weeks, all to the Bear's disadvan
tage. Secondly, they are playing at
home and any Washington outfit is
hard to handle at Seattle whether
it is considered weak or strong.
Despite the fact that they lost
their initial conference game to the
Washington State Cougars last Sat
urday the California Golden Bears
will go into their annual grid battle
with the Washington Huskies to
morrow at Seattle with almost an
even chance to win.
The Bears are probably overrated
because of their erratic brahd of
football. After losing to seemingly
second-class outfits they often come
back within a week or so to topple
an opponent rated of the highest
caliber.
U.C. Is Dangerous
Such was the case when the Bears
fought to a tie with the highly
touted St. Mary's Gaels a couple of
weeks ago after losing to Santa
Clara two weeks before. In other
words, whenever the Bears have
taken punishment from a little guy,
they will be extremely dangerous to
the next guy that comes along
whether he is big or small. This is
principally due to Coach Bill In
gram's ability to inject fight into his
squad on the eve of an important
game, especially following defeat
the week previous.
Another reason why California's
chances are good tomorrow is that
Hank Schaldach, spark plug of the
Bear backfield, will be in the game.
Schaldach played part of last Sat
urday's tilt, it is true, but he had
just recovered from his ankle injury
and could not give his best. With
Hank back in tip-top shape the Bear
powerhouse attack may begin to
click.
Washington Undefeated
Of course if any favorite is chosen
for the Seattle fracas, it must be
Washington. The Huskies are unde
feated and have had a rest of two
weeks, all to the Bear's disadvan
tage. Secondly, they are playing at
home and any Washington outfit is
hard to handle at Seattle whether
it is considered weak or strong.
Despite the fact that they lost
their initial conference game to the
Washington State Cougars last Sat
urday the California Golden Bears
will go into their annual grid battle
with the Washington Huskies to
morrow at Seattle with almost an
even chance to win.
The Bears are probably overrated
because of their erratic brahd of
football. After losing to seemingly
second-class outfits they often come
back within a week or so to topple
an opponent rated of the highest
caliber.
U.C. Is Dangerous
Such was the case when the Bears
fought to a tie with the highly
touted St. Mary's Gaels a couple of
weeks ago after losing to Santa
Clara two weeks before. In other
words, whenever the Bears have
taken punishment from a little guy,
they will be extremely dangerous to
the next guy that comes along
whether he is big or small. This is
principally due to Coach Bill In
gram's ability to inject fight into his
squad on the eve of an important
game, especially following defeat
the week previous.
Another reason why California's
chances are good tomorrow is that
Hank Schaldach, spark plug of the
Bear backfield, will be in the game.
Schaldach played part of last Sat
urday's tilt, it is true, but he had
just recovered from his ankle injury
and could not give his best. With
Hank back in tip-top shape the Bear
powerhouse attack may begin to
click.
Washington Undefeated
Of course if any favorite is chosen
for the Seattle fracas, it must be
Washington. The Huskies are unde
feated and have had a rest of two
weeks, all to the Bear's disadvan
tage. Secondly, they are playing at
home and any Washington outfit is
hard to handle at Seattle whether
it is considered weak or strong.
Despite the fact that they lost
their initial conference game to the
Washington State Cougars last Sat
urday the California Golden Bears
will go into their annual grid battle
with the Washington Huskies to
morrow at Seattle with almost an
even chance to win.
The Bears are probably overrated
because of their erratic brahd of
football. After losing to seemingly
second-class outfits they often come
back within a week or so to topple
an opponent rated of the highest
caliber.
U.C. Is Dangerous
Such was the case when the Bears
fought to a tie with the highly
touted St. Mary's Gaels a couple of
weeks ago after losing to Santa
Clara two weeks before. In other
words, whenever the Bears have
taken punishment from a little guy,
they will be extremely dangerous to
the next guy that comes along
whether he is big or small. This is
principally due to Coach Bill In
gram's ability to inject fight into his
squad on the eve of an important
game, especially following defeat
the week previous.
Another reason why California's
chances are good tomorrow is that
Hank Schaldach, spark plug of the
Bear backfield, will be in the game.
Schaldach played part of last Sat
urday's tilt, it is true, but he had
just recovered from his ankle injury
and could not give his best. With
Hank back in tip-top shape the Bear
powerhouse attack may begin to
click.
Washington Undefeated
Of course if any favorite is chosen
for the Seattle fracas, it must be
Washington. The Huskies are unde
feated and have had a rest of two
weeks, all to the Bear's disadvan
tage. Secondly, they are playing at
home and any Washington outfit is
hard to handle at Seattle whether
it is considered weak or strong.
Despite the fact that they lost
their initial conference game to the
Washington State Cougars last Sat
urday the California Golden Bears
will go into their annual grid battle
with the Washington Huskies to
morrow at Seattle with almost an
even chance to win.
The Bears are probably overrated
because of their erratic brahd of
football. After losing to seemingly
second-class outfits they often come
back within a week or so to topple
an opponent rated of the highest
caliber.
U.C. Is Dangerous
Such was the case when the Bears
fought to a tie with the highly
touted St. Mary's Gaels a couple of
weeks ago after losing to Santa
Clara two weeks before. In other
words, whenever the Bears have
taken punishment from a little guy,
they will be extremely dangerous to
the next guy that comes along
whether he is big or small. This is
principally due to Coach Bill In
gram's ability to inject fight into his
squad on the eve of an important
game, especially following defeat
the week previous.
Another reason why California's
chances are good tomorrow is that
Hank Schaldach, spark plug of the
Bear backfield, will be in the game.
Schaldach played part of last Sat
urday's tilt, it is true, but he had
just recovered from his ankle injury
and could not give his best. With
Hank back in tip-top shape the Bear
powerhouse attack may begin to
click.
Washington Undefeated
Of course if any favorite is chosen
for the Seattle fracas, it must be
Washington. The Huskies are unde
feated and have had a rest of two
weeks, all to the Bear's disadvan
tage. Secondly, they are playing at
home and any Washington outfit is
hard to handle at Seattle whether
it is considered weak or strong.
Despite the fact that they lost
their initial conference game to the
Washington State Cougars last Sat
urday the California Golden Bears
will go into their annual grid battle
with the Washington Huskies to
morrow at Seattle with almost an
even chance to win.
The Bears are probably overrated
because of their erratic brahd of
football. After losing to seemingly
second-class outfits they often come
back within a week or so to topple
an opponent rated of the highest
caliber.
U.C. Is Dangerous
Such was the case when the Bears
fought to a tie with the highly
touted St. Mary's Gaels a couple of
weeks ago after losing to Santa
Clara two weeks before. In other
words, whenever the Bears have
taken punishment from a little guy,
they will be extremely dangerous to
the next guy that comes along
whether he is big or small. This is
principally due to Coach Bill In
gram's ability to inject fight into his
squad on the eve of an important
game, especially following defeat
the week previous.
Another reason why California's
chances are good tomorrow is that
Hank Schaldach, spark plug of the
Bear backfield, will be in the game.
Schaldach played part of last Sat
urday's tilt, it is true, but he had
just recovered from his ankle injury
and could not give his best. With
Hank back in tip-top shape the Bear
powerhouse attack may begin to
click.
Washington Undefeated
Of course if any favorite is chosen
for the Seattle fracas, it must be
Washington. The Huskies are unde
feated and have had a rest of two
weeks, all to the Bear's disadvan
tage. Secondly, they are playing at
home and any Washington outfit is
hard to handle at Seattle whether
it is considered weak or strong.
Despite the fact that they lost
their initial conference game to the
Washington State Cougars last Sat
urday the California Golden Bears
will go into their annual grid battle
with the Washington Huskies to
morrow at Seattle with almost an
even chance to win.
The Bears are probably overrated
because of their erratic brahd of
football. After losing to seemingly
second-class outfits they often come
back within a week or so to topple
an opponent rated of the highest
caliber.
U.C. Is Dangerous
Such was the case when the Bears
fought to a tie with the highly
touted St. Mary's Gaels a couple of
weeks ago after losing to Santa
Clara two weeks before. In other
words, whenever the Bears have
taken punishment from a little guy,
they will be extremely dangerous to
the next guy that comes along
whether he is big or small. This is
principally due to Coach Bill In
gram's ability to inject fight into his
squad on the eve of an important
game, especially following defeat
the week previous.
Another reason why California's
chances are good tomorrow is that
Hank Schaldach, spark plug of the
Bear backfield, will be in the game.
Schaldach played part of last Sat
urday's tilt, it is true, but he had
just recovered from his ankle injury
and could not give his best. With
Hank back in tip-top shape the Bear
powerhouse attack may begin to
click.
Washington Undefeated
Of course if any favorite is chosen
for the Seattle fracas, it must be
Washington. The Huskies are unde
feated and have had a rest of two
weeks, all to the Bear's disadvan
tage. Secondly, they are playing at
home and any Washington outfit is
hard to handle at Seattle whether
it is considered weak or strong.
Despite the fact that they lost
their initial conference game to the
Washington State Cougars last Sat
urday the California Golden Bears
will go into their annual grid battle
with the Washington Huskies to
morrow at Seattle with almost an
even chance to win.
The Bears are probably overrated
because of their erratic brahd of
football. After losing to seemingly
second-class outfits they often come
back within a week or so to topple
an opponent rated of the highest
caliber.
U.C. Is Dangerous
Such was the case when the Bears
fought to a tie with the highly
touted St. Mary's Gaels a couple of
weeks ago after losing to Santa
Clara two weeks before. In other
words, whenever the Bears have
taken punishment from a little guy,
they will be extremely dangerous to
the next guy that comes along
whether he is big or small. This is
principally due to Coach Bill In
gram's ability to inject fight into his
squad on the eve of an important
game, especially following defeat
the week previous.
Another reason why California's
chances are good tomorrow is that
Hank Schaldach, spark plug of the
Bear backfield, will be in the game.
Schaldach played part of last Sat
urday's tilt, it is true, but he had
just recovered from his ankle injury
and could not give his best. With
Hank back in tip-top shape the Bear
powerhouse attack may begin to
click.
Washington Undefeated
Of course if any favorite is chosen
for the Seattle fracas, it must be
Washington. The Huskies are unde
feated and have had a rest of two
weeks, all to the Bear's disadvan
tage. Secondly, they are playing at
home and any Washington outfit is
hard to handle at Seattle whether
it is considered weak or strong.
Despite the fact that they lost
their initial conference game to the
Washington State Cougars last Sat
urday the California Golden Bears
will go into their annual grid battle
with the Washington Huskies to
morrow at Seattle with almost an
even chance to win.
The Bears are probably overrated
because of their erratic brahd of
football. After losing to seemingly
second-class outfits they often come
back within a week or so to topple
an opponent rated of the highest
caliber.
U.C. Is Dangerous
Such was the case when the Bears
fought to a tie with the highly
touted St. Mary's Gaels a couple of
weeks ago after losing to Santa
Clara two weeks before. In other
words, whenever the Bears have
taken punishment from a little guy,
they will be extremely dangerous to
the next guy that comes along
whether he is big or small. This is
principally due to Coach Bill In
gram's ability to inject fight into his
squad on the eve of an important
game, especially following defeat
the week previous.
Another reason why California's
chances are good tomorrow is that
Hank Schaldach, spark plug of the
Bear backfield, will be in the game.
Schaldach played part of last Sat
urday's tilt, it is true, but he had
just recovered from his ankle injury
and could not give his best. With
Hank back in tip-top shape the Bear
powerhouse attack may begin to
click.
Washington Undefeated
Of course if any favorite is chosen
for the Seattle fracas, it must be
Washington. The Huskies are unde
feated and have had a rest of two
weeks, all to the Bear's disadvan
tage. Secondly, they are playing at
home and any Washington outfit is
hard to handle at Seattle whether
it is considered weak or strong.
Despite the fact that they lost
their initial conference game to the
Washington State Cougars last Sat
urday the California Golden Bears
will go into their annual grid battle
with the Washington Huskies to
morrow at Seattle with almost an
even chance to win.
The Bears are probably overrated
because of their erratic brahd of
football. After losing to seemingly
second-class outfits they often come
back within a week or so to topple
an opponent rated of the highest
caliber.
U.C. Is Dangerous
Such was the case when the Bears
fought to a tie with the highly
touted St. Mary's Gaels a couple of
weeks ago after losing to Santa
Clara two weeks before. In other
words, whenever the Bears have
taken punishment from a little guy,
they will be extremely dangerous to
the next guy that comes along
whether he is big or small. This is
principally due to Coach Bill In
gram's ability to inject fight into his
squad on the eve of an important
game, especially following defeat
the week previous.
Another reason why California's
chances are good tomorrow is that
Hank Schaldach, spark plug of the
Bear backfield, will be in the game.
Schaldach played part of last Sat
urday's tilt, it is true, but he had
just recovered from his ankle injury
and could not give his best. With
Hank back in tip-top shape the Bear
powerhouse attack may begin to
click.
Washington Undefeated
Of course if any favorite is chosen
for the Seattle fracas, it must be
Washington. The Huskies are unde
feated and have had a rest of two
weeks, all to the Bear's disadvan
tage. Secondly, they are playing at
home and any Washington outfit is
hard to handle at Seattle whether
it is considered weak or strong.
