# France Bestows Legion's Honor On Pres. Swain
## 
### 
In recognition of his services
to education as acting President
of Stanford University Dr. Rob
ert E. Swain has been made a
chevallicr of the Legion of
Honor by the French govern
ment. The decoration will be
presented to I)r. Swain Satur
day by Yves Merie de Bellefon,
French Consul General at San
Francisco, who will be guest of
Dr. and Mrs. Swain at luncheon
and at the game between Che
University of Southern Califor
nia and Stanford.
After the game IVI. de Belle
fon will be the dinner guest of
Professor William Leonard
Schwartz of the Romanic Lan
guages Department, and Mrs.
Schwartz.
