# Thomas Supports Capital Levy To Lift Debt Load
## 
### 
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Oct. 20 (/I 5 ) —
Enactment of a capital levy on
wealth "for the purpose of lighten
ing the load of debt which, like a
millstone about a runner's neck,
makes it impossible for us to win
the race against economic disaster."
was advocated by Norman Thomas,
Socialist candidate for President in
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Oct. 20 (/I 5 ) —
Enactment of a capital levy on
wealth "for the purpose of lighten
ing the load of debt which, like a
millstone about a runner's neck,
makes it impossible for us to win
the race against economic disaster."
was advocated by Norman Thomas,
Socialist candidate for President in
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Oct. 20 (/I 5 ) —
Enactment of a capital levy on
wealth "for the purpose of lighten
ing the load of debt which, like a
millstone about a runner's neck,
makes it impossible for us to win
the race against economic disaster."
was advocated by Norman Thomas,
Socialist candidate for President in
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Oct. 20 (/I 5 ) —
Enactment of a capital levy on
wealth "for the purpose of lighten
ing the load of debt which, like a
millstone about a runner's neck,
makes it impossible for us to win
the race against economic disaster."
was advocated by Norman Thomas,
Socialist candidate for President in
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Oct. 20 (/I 5 ) —
Enactment of a capital levy on
wealth "for the purpose of lighten
ing the load of debt which, like a
millstone about a runner's neck,
makes it impossible for us to win
the race against economic disaster."
was advocated by Norman Thomas,
Socialist candidate for President in
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Oct. 20 (/I 5 ) —
Enactment of a capital levy on
wealth "for the purpose of lighten
ing the load of debt which, like a
millstone about a runner's neck,
makes it impossible for us to win
the race against economic disaster."
was advocated by Norman Thomas,
Socialist candidate for President in
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Oct. 20 (/I 5 ) —
Enactment of a capital levy on
wealth "for the purpose of lighten
ing the load of debt which, like a
millstone about a runner's neck,
makes it impossible for us to win
the race against economic disaster."
was advocated by Norman Thomas,
Socialist candidate for President in
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Oct. 20 (/I 5 ) —
Enactment of a capital levy on
wealth "for the purpose of lighten
ing the load of debt which, like a
millstone about a runner's neck,
makes it impossible for us to win
the race against economic disaster."
was advocated by Norman Thomas,
Socialist candidate for President in
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Oct. 20 (/I 5 ) —
Enactment of a capital levy on
wealth "for the purpose of lighten
ing the load of debt which, like a
millstone about a runner's neck,
makes it impossible for us to win
the race against economic disaster."
was advocated by Norman Thomas,
Socialist candidate for President in
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Oct. 20 (/I 5 ) —
Enactment of a capital levy on
wealth "for the purpose of lighten
ing the load of debt which, like a
millstone about a runner's neck,
makes it impossible for us to win
the race against economic disaster."
was advocated by Norman Thomas,
Socialist candidate for President in
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Oct. 20 (/I 5 ) —
Enactment of a capital levy on
wealth "for the purpose of lighten
ing the load of debt which, like a
millstone about a runner's neck,
makes it impossible for us to win
the race against economic disaster."
was advocated by Norman Thomas,
Socialist candidate for President in
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Oct. 20 (/I 5 ) —
Enactment of a capital levy on
wealth "for the purpose of lighten
ing the load of debt which, like a
millstone about a runner's neck,
makes it impossible for us to win
the race against economic disaster."
was advocated by Norman Thomas,
Socialist candidate for President in
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Oct. 20 (/I 5 ) —
Enactment of a capital levy on
wealth "for the purpose of lighten
ing the load of debt which, like a
millstone about a runner's neck,
makes it impossible for us to win
the race against economic disaster."
was advocated by Norman Thomas,
Socialist candidate for President in
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Oct. 20 (/I 5 ) —
Enactment of a capital levy on
wealth "for the purpose of lighten
ing the load of debt which, like a
millstone about a runner's neck,
makes it impossible for us to win
the race against economic disaster."
was advocated by Norman Thomas,
Socialist candidate for President in
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Oct. 20 (/I 5 ) —
Enactment of a capital levy on
wealth "for the purpose of lighten
ing the load of debt which, like a
millstone about a runner's neck,
makes it impossible for us to win
the race against economic disaster."
was advocated by Norman Thomas,
Socialist candidate for President in
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Oct. 20 (/I 5 ) —
Enactment of a capital levy on
wealth "for the purpose of lighten
ing the load of debt which, like a
millstone about a runner's neck,
makes it impossible for us to win
the race against economic disaster."
was advocated by Norman Thomas,
Socialist candidate for President in
