# Cards Slated To Break Jinx
## 
### 
A jinx of five years will probably i
be broken when Stanford battles !
University of Southern California [
here tomorrow. Not since 192G, when \
the Cards eked out a 13-12 victory |
down South, has Stanford enjoyed j
the privilege which before that was !
more or less a foregone conclusion, j
Howard Jones started his string of i
four triumphs and a tie against Pop
Warner in 1927, when his Trojans
battled to a 13-13 draw. Then fol
lowed four successive victories, by j
counts of 10-0, 7-0, 41-12, and 19-0, j
respectively.
Contrary to previous years, Stan- ;
ford's rooters are maintaining a j
somewhat conservative view of to- j
morrow's game, hopefully expecting ;
to be able to shout forth at the end j
â€”but not committing themselves j
with rash predictions.
