# Seniors Urged to Keep Picture Appointments
## 
### 
"Seniors—don't forget your photo
appointments for the 1948 Quad!"
Business Manager George Bergland
warned yesterday.
Only a trifle more than 50 per
cent of the students have appeared
at the proper time, he explained.
Photos will be taken in the Quad
shack through Nov. 13.
"Seniors—don't forget your photo
appointments for the 1948 Quad!"
Business Manager George Bergland
warned yesterday.
Only a trifle more than 50 per
cent of the students have appeared
at the proper time, he explained.
Photos will be taken in the Quad
shack through Nov. 13.
"Seniors—don't forget your photo
appointments for the 1948 Quad!"
Business Manager George Bergland
warned yesterday.
Only a trifle more than 50 per
cent of the students have appeared
at the proper time, he explained.
Photos will be taken in the Quad
shack through Nov. 13.
"Seniors—don't forget your photo
appointments for the 1948 Quad!"
Business Manager George Bergland
warned yesterday.
Only a trifle more than 50 per
cent of the students have appeared
at the proper time, he explained.
Photos will be taken in the Quad
shack through Nov. 13.
"Seniors—don't forget your photo
appointments for the 1948 Quad!"
Business Manager George Bergland
warned yesterday.
Only a trifle more than 50 per
cent of the students have appeared
at the proper time, he explained.
Photos will be taken in the Quad
shack through Nov. 13.
"Seniors—don't forget your photo
appointments for the 1948 Quad!"
Business Manager George Bergland
warned yesterday.
Only a trifle more than 50 per
cent of the students have appeared
at the proper time, he explained.
Photos will be taken in the Quad
shack through Nov. 13.
"Seniors—don't forget your photo
appointments for the 1948 Quad!"
Business Manager George Bergland
warned yesterday.
Only a trifle more than 50 per
cent of the students have appeared
at the proper time, he explained.
Photos will be taken in the Quad
shack through Nov. 13.
"Seniors—don't forget your photo
appointments for the 1948 Quad!"
Business Manager George Bergland
warned yesterday.
Only a trifle more than 50 per
cent of the students have appeared
at the proper time, he explained.
Photos will be taken in the Quad
shack through Nov. 13.
"Seniors—don't forget your photo
appointments for the 1948 Quad!"
Business Manager George Bergland
warned yesterday.
Only a trifle more than 50 per
cent of the students have appeared
at the proper time, he explained.
Photos will be taken in the Quad
shack through Nov. 13.
"Seniors—don't forget your photo
appointments for the 1948 Quad!"
Business Manager George Bergland
warned yesterday.
Only a trifle more than 50 per
cent of the students have appeared
at the proper time, he explained.
Photos will be taken in the Quad
shack through Nov. 13.
"Seniors—don't forget your photo
appointments for the 1948 Quad!"
Business Manager George Bergland
warned yesterday.
Only a trifle more than 50 per
cent of the students have appeared
at the proper time, he explained.
Photos will be taken in the Quad
shack through Nov. 13.
"Seniors—don't forget your photo
appointments for the 1948 Quad!"
Business Manager George Bergland
warned yesterday.
Only a trifle more than 50 per
cent of the students have appeared
at the proper time, he explained.
Photos will be taken in the Quad
shack through Nov. 13.
"Seniors—don't forget your photo
appointments for the 1948 Quad!"
Business Manager George Bergland
warned yesterday.
Only a trifle more than 50 per
cent of the students have appeared
at the proper time, he explained.
Photos will be taken in the Quad
shack through Nov. 13.
"Seniors—don't forget your photo
appointments for the 1948 Quad!"
Business Manager George Bergland
warned yesterday.
Only a trifle more than 50 per
cent of the students have appeared
at the proper time, he explained.
Photos will be taken in the Quad
shack through Nov. 13.
"Seniors—don't forget your photo
appointments for the 1948 Quad!"
Business Manager George Bergland
warned yesterday.
Only a trifle more than 50 per
cent of the students have appeared
at the proper time, he explained.
Photos will be taken in the Quad
shack through Nov. 13.
"Seniors—don't forget your photo
appointments for the 1948 Quad!"
Business Manager George Bergland
warned yesterday.
Only a trifle more than 50 per
cent of the students have appeared
at the proper time, he explained.
Photos will be taken in the Quad
shack through Nov. 13.
