# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mary Martin, '47, to
Richard Rosenberg.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mary Martin, '47, to
Richard Rosenberg.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mary Martin, '47, to
Richard Rosenberg.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mary Martin, '47, to
Richard Rosenberg.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mary Martin, '47, to
Richard Rosenberg.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mary Martin, '47, to
Richard Rosenberg.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mary Martin, '47, to
Richard Rosenberg.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mary Martin, '47, to
Richard Rosenberg.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mary Martin, '47, to
Richard Rosenberg.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mary Martin, '47, to
Richard Rosenberg.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mary Martin, '47, to
Richard Rosenberg.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mary Martin, '47, to
Richard Rosenberg.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mary Martin, '47, to
Richard Rosenberg.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mary Martin, '47, to
Richard Rosenberg.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mary Martin, '47, to
Richard Rosenberg.
Lagunita Court announces the
engagement of Mary Martin, '47, to
Richard Rosenberg.
