# Quad Schedules Final Ruble Pictures Today
## 
### 
Frosh Book pictures of Roblc
women will he taken for the last
time today at the Quad office, 10
a.m. to noon and 1 to 5 p.m.
Tomorrow and Wednesday pho
tographs of all freshman women
living at Brainier Hall will he
living at Branncr Hall will he
taken during the same hours.
For the photographs, women arc
asked to wear white blouses. The
price is $1 each.
Frosh Book pictures of Roblc
women will he taken for the last
time today at the Quad office, 10
a.m. to noon and 1 to 5 p.m.
Tomorrow and Wednesday pho
tographs of all freshman women
living at Brainier Hall will he
living at Branncr Hall will he
taken during the same hours.
For the photographs, women arc
asked to wear white blouses. The
price is $1 each.
Frosh Book pictures of Roblc
women will he taken for the last
time today at the Quad office, 10
a.m. to noon and 1 to 5 p.m.
Tomorrow and Wednesday pho
tographs of all freshman women
living at Brainier Hall will he
living at Branncr Hall will he
taken during the same hours.
For the photographs, women arc
asked to wear white blouses. The
price is $1 each.
Frosh Book pictures of Roblc
women will he taken for the last
time today at the Quad office, 10
a.m. to noon and 1 to 5 p.m.
Tomorrow and Wednesday pho
tographs of all freshman women
living at Brainier Hall will he
living at Branncr Hall will he
taken during the same hours.
For the photographs, women arc
asked to wear white blouses. The
price is $1 each.
Frosh Book pictures of Roblc
women will he taken for the last
time today at the Quad office, 10
a.m. to noon and 1 to 5 p.m.
Tomorrow and Wednesday pho
tographs of all freshman women
living at Brainier Hall will he
living at Branncr Hall will he
taken during the same hours.
For the photographs, women arc
asked to wear white blouses. The
price is $1 each.
Frosh Book pictures of Roblc
women will he taken for the last
time today at the Quad office, 10
a.m. to noon and 1 to 5 p.m.
Tomorrow and Wednesday pho
tographs of all freshman women
living at Brainier Hall will he
living at Branncr Hall will he
taken during the same hours.
For the photographs, women arc
asked to wear white blouses. The
price is $1 each.
Frosh Book pictures of Roblc
women will he taken for the last
time today at the Quad office, 10
a.m. to noon and 1 to 5 p.m.
Tomorrow and Wednesday pho
tographs of all freshman women
living at Brainier Hall will he
living at Branncr Hall will he
taken during the same hours.
For the photographs, women arc
asked to wear white blouses. The
price is $1 each.
Frosh Book pictures of Roblc
women will he taken for the last
time today at the Quad office, 10
a.m. to noon and 1 to 5 p.m.
Tomorrow and Wednesday pho
tographs of all freshman women
living at Brainier Hall will he
living at Branncr Hall will he
taken during the same hours.
For the photographs, women arc
asked to wear white blouses. The
price is $1 each.
Frosh Book pictures of Roblc
women will he taken for the last
time today at the Quad office, 10
a.m. to noon and 1 to 5 p.m.
Tomorrow and Wednesday pho
tographs of all freshman women
living at Brainier Hall will he
living at Branncr Hall will he
taken during the same hours.
For the photographs, women arc
asked to wear white blouses. The
price is $1 each.
Frosh Book pictures of Roblc
women will he taken for the last
time today at the Quad office, 10
a.m. to noon and 1 to 5 p.m.
Tomorrow and Wednesday pho
tographs of all freshman women
living at Brainier Hall will he
living at Branncr Hall will he
taken during the same hours.
For the photographs, women arc
asked to wear white blouses. The
price is $1 each.
Frosh Book pictures of Roblc
women will he taken for the last
time today at the Quad office, 10
a.m. to noon and 1 to 5 p.m.
Tomorrow and Wednesday pho
tographs of all freshman women
living at Brainier Hall will he
living at Branncr Hall will he
taken during the same hours.
For the photographs, women arc
asked to wear white blouses. The
price is $1 each.
Frosh Book pictures of Roblc
women will he taken for the last
time today at the Quad office, 10
a.m. to noon and 1 to 5 p.m.
Tomorrow and Wednesday pho
tographs of all freshman women
living at Brainier Hall will he
living at Branncr Hall will he
taken during the same hours.
For the photographs, women arc
asked to wear white blouses. The
price is $1 each.
Frosh Book pictures of Roblc
women will he taken for the last
time today at the Quad office, 10
a.m. to noon and 1 to 5 p.m.
Tomorrow and Wednesday pho
tographs of all freshman women
living at Brainier Hall will he
living at Branncr Hall will he
taken during the same hours.
For the photographs, women arc
asked to wear white blouses. The
price is $1 each.
Frosh Book pictures of Roblc
women will he taken for the last
time today at the Quad office, 10
a.m. to noon and 1 to 5 p.m.
Tomorrow and Wednesday pho
tographs of all freshman women
living at Brainier Hall will he
living at Branncr Hall will he
taken during the same hours.
For the photographs, women arc
asked to wear white blouses. The
price is $1 each.
Frosh Book pictures of Roblc
women will he taken for the last
time today at the Quad office, 10
a.m. to noon and 1 to 5 p.m.
Tomorrow and Wednesday pho
tographs of all freshman women
living at Brainier Hall will he
living at Branncr Hall will he
taken during the same hours.
For the photographs, women arc
asked to wear white blouses. The
price is $1 each.
Frosh Book pictures of Roblc
women will he taken for the last
time today at the Quad office, 10
a.m. to noon and 1 to 5 p.m.
Tomorrow and Wednesday pho
tographs of all freshman women
living at Brainier Hall will he
living at Branncr Hall will he
taken during the same hours.
For the photographs, women arc
asked to wear white blouses. The
price is $1 each.
