# PICTURE CREDIT
## 
### 
Yesterday's Daily hnd a page five
picture showing liair-trimming op
erations being performed on three
Cal raiders. Jerry Krasne, Encina
freshman, was on the spot with his
camera, and he snapped an excel
lent action shot of the scene. The
raiders were shaved at Encina.
transported to the Village, and then
given tonsorial paint jobs. Friday
they were paraded around campus.
Yesterday's Daily hnd a page five
picture showing liair-trimming op
erations being performed on three
Cal raiders. Jerry Krasne, Encina
freshman, was on the spot with his
camera, and he snapped an excel
lent action shot of the scene. The
raiders were shaved at Encina.
transported to the Village, and then
given tonsorial paint jobs. Friday
they were paraded around campus.
Yesterday's Daily hnd a page five
picture showing liair-trimming op
erations being performed on three
Cal raiders. Jerry Krasne, Encina
freshman, was on the spot with his
camera, and he snapped an excel
lent action shot of the scene. The
raiders were shaved at Encina.
transported to the Village, and then
given tonsorial paint jobs. Friday
they were paraded around campus.
Yesterday's Daily hnd a page five
picture showing liair-trimming op
erations being performed on three
Cal raiders. Jerry Krasne, Encina
freshman, was on the spot with his
camera, and he snapped an excel
lent action shot of the scene. The
raiders were shaved at Encina.
transported to the Village, and then
given tonsorial paint jobs. Friday
they were paraded around campus.
Yesterday's Daily hnd a page five
picture showing liair-trimming op
erations being performed on three
Cal raiders. Jerry Krasne, Encina
freshman, was on the spot with his
camera, and he snapped an excel
lent action shot of the scene. The
raiders were shaved at Encina.
transported to the Village, and then
given tonsorial paint jobs. Friday
they were paraded around campus.
Yesterday's Daily hnd a page five
picture showing liair-trimming op
erations being performed on three
Cal raiders. Jerry Krasne, Encina
freshman, was on the spot with his
camera, and he snapped an excel
lent action shot of the scene. The
raiders were shaved at Encina.
transported to the Village, and then
given tonsorial paint jobs. Friday
they were paraded around campus.
Yesterday's Daily hnd a page five
picture showing liair-trimming op
erations being performed on three
Cal raiders. Jerry Krasne, Encina
freshman, was on the spot with his
camera, and he snapped an excel
lent action shot of the scene. The
raiders were shaved at Encina.
transported to the Village, and then
given tonsorial paint jobs. Friday
they were paraded around campus.
Yesterday's Daily hnd a page five
picture showing liair-trimming op
erations being performed on three
Cal raiders. Jerry Krasne, Encina
freshman, was on the spot with his
camera, and he snapped an excel
lent action shot of the scene. The
raiders were shaved at Encina.
transported to the Village, and then
given tonsorial paint jobs. Friday
they were paraded around campus.
Yesterday's Daily hnd a page five
picture showing liair-trimming op
erations being performed on three
Cal raiders. Jerry Krasne, Encina
freshman, was on the spot with his
camera, and he snapped an excel
lent action shot of the scene. The
raiders were shaved at Encina.
transported to the Village, and then
given tonsorial paint jobs. Friday
they were paraded around campus.
Yesterday's Daily hnd a page five
picture showing liair-trimming op
erations being performed on three
Cal raiders. Jerry Krasne, Encina
freshman, was on the spot with his
camera, and he snapped an excel
lent action shot of the scene. The
raiders were shaved at Encina.
transported to the Village, and then
given tonsorial paint jobs. Friday
they were paraded around campus.
Yesterday's Daily hnd a page five
picture showing liair-trimming op
erations being performed on three
Cal raiders. Jerry Krasne, Encina
freshman, was on the spot with his
camera, and he snapped an excel
lent action shot of the scene. The
raiders were shaved at Encina.
transported to the Village, and then
given tonsorial paint jobs. Friday
they were paraded around campus.
Yesterday's Daily hnd a page five
picture showing liair-trimming op
erations being performed on three
Cal raiders. Jerry Krasne, Encina
freshman, was on the spot with his
camera, and he snapped an excel
lent action shot of the scene. The
raiders were shaved at Encina.
transported to the Village, and then
given tonsorial paint jobs. Friday
they were paraded around campus.
Yesterday's Daily hnd a page five
picture showing liair-trimming op
erations being performed on three
Cal raiders. Jerry Krasne, Encina
freshman, was on the spot with his
camera, and he snapped an excel
lent action shot of the scene. The
raiders were shaved at Encina.
transported to the Village, and then
given tonsorial paint jobs. Friday
they were paraded around campus.
Yesterday's Daily hnd a page five
picture showing liair-trimming op
erations being performed on three
Cal raiders. Jerry Krasne, Encina
freshman, was on the spot with his
camera, and he snapped an excel
lent action shot of the scene. The
raiders were shaved at Encina.
transported to the Village, and then
given tonsorial paint jobs. Friday
they were paraded around campus.
Yesterday's Daily hnd a page five
picture showing liair-trimming op
erations being performed on three
Cal raiders. Jerry Krasne, Encina
freshman, was on the spot with his
camera, and he snapped an excel
lent action shot of the scene. The
raiders were shaved at Encina.
transported to the Village, and then
given tonsorial paint jobs. Friday
they were paraded around campus.
Yesterday's Daily hnd a page five
picture showing liair-trimming op
erations being performed on three
Cal raiders. Jerry Krasne, Encina
freshman, was on the spot with his
camera, and he snapped an excel
lent action shot of the scene. The
raiders were shaved at Encina.
transported to the Village, and then
given tonsorial paint jobs. Friday
they were paraded around campus.
