# Stalnaker Goes East To Advisory Meetings
## 
### 
John M. Stalnaker, Stanford pro
fessor of psychology and former
Dean of Students, attended two
meetings in Washington, D.C., last
week.
Professor Stalnaker went to the
meeting of the Civilian Advisory
Committee to the Chief of Naval
Personnel on Nov. 12 and 13. Today
he will attend a meeting of the
Advisory Committee on Foreign
Service Examinations of the State
Department.
John M. Stalnaker, Stanford pro
fessor of psychology and former
Dean of Students, attended two
meetings in Washington, D.C., last
week.
Professor Stalnaker went to the
meeting of the Civilian Advisory
Committee to the Chief of Naval
Personnel on Nov. 12 and 13. Today
he will attend a meeting of the
Advisory Committee on Foreign
Service Examinations of the State
Department.
John M. Stalnaker, Stanford pro
fessor of psychology and former
Dean of Students, attended two
meetings in Washington, D.C., last
week.
Professor Stalnaker went to the
meeting of the Civilian Advisory
Committee to the Chief of Naval
Personnel on Nov. 12 and 13. Today
he will attend a meeting of the
Advisory Committee on Foreign
Service Examinations of the State
Department.
John M. Stalnaker, Stanford pro
fessor of psychology and former
Dean of Students, attended two
meetings in Washington, D.C., last
week.
Professor Stalnaker went to the
meeting of the Civilian Advisory
Committee to the Chief of Naval
Personnel on Nov. 12 and 13. Today
he will attend a meeting of the
Advisory Committee on Foreign
Service Examinations of the State
Department.
John M. Stalnaker, Stanford pro
fessor of psychology and former
Dean of Students, attended two
meetings in Washington, D.C., last
week.
Professor Stalnaker went to the
meeting of the Civilian Advisory
Committee to the Chief of Naval
Personnel on Nov. 12 and 13. Today
he will attend a meeting of the
Advisory Committee on Foreign
Service Examinations of the State
Department.
John M. Stalnaker, Stanford pro
fessor of psychology and former
Dean of Students, attended two
meetings in Washington, D.C., last
week.
Professor Stalnaker went to the
meeting of the Civilian Advisory
Committee to the Chief of Naval
Personnel on Nov. 12 and 13. Today
he will attend a meeting of the
Advisory Committee on Foreign
Service Examinations of the State
Department.
John M. Stalnaker, Stanford pro
fessor of psychology and former
Dean of Students, attended two
meetings in Washington, D.C., last
week.
Professor Stalnaker went to the
meeting of the Civilian Advisory
Committee to the Chief of Naval
Personnel on Nov. 12 and 13. Today
he will attend a meeting of the
Advisory Committee on Foreign
Service Examinations of the State
Department.
John M. Stalnaker, Stanford pro
fessor of psychology and former
Dean of Students, attended two
meetings in Washington, D.C., last
week.
Professor Stalnaker went to the
meeting of the Civilian Advisory
Committee to the Chief of Naval
Personnel on Nov. 12 and 13. Today
he will attend a meeting of the
Advisory Committee on Foreign
Service Examinations of the State
Department.
John M. Stalnaker, Stanford pro
fessor of psychology and former
Dean of Students, attended two
meetings in Washington, D.C., last
week.
Professor Stalnaker went to the
meeting of the Civilian Advisory
Committee to the Chief of Naval
Personnel on Nov. 12 and 13. Today
he will attend a meeting of the
Advisory Committee on Foreign
Service Examinations of the State
Department.
John M. Stalnaker, Stanford pro
fessor of psychology and former
Dean of Students, attended two
meetings in Washington, D.C., last
week.
Professor Stalnaker went to the
meeting of the Civilian Advisory
Committee to the Chief of Naval
Personnel on Nov. 12 and 13. Today
he will attend a meeting of the
Advisory Committee on Foreign
Service Examinations of the State
Department.
John M. Stalnaker, Stanford pro
fessor of psychology and former
Dean of Students, attended two
meetings in Washington, D.C., last
week.
Professor Stalnaker went to the
meeting of the Civilian Advisory
Committee to the Chief of Naval
Personnel on Nov. 12 and 13. Today
he will attend a meeting of the
Advisory Committee on Foreign
Service Examinations of the State
Department.
John M. Stalnaker, Stanford pro
fessor of psychology and former
Dean of Students, attended two
meetings in Washington, D.C., last
week.
Professor Stalnaker went to the
meeting of the Civilian Advisory
Committee to the Chief of Naval
Personnel on Nov. 12 and 13. Today
he will attend a meeting of the
Advisory Committee on Foreign
Service Examinations of the State
Department.
John M. Stalnaker, Stanford pro
fessor of psychology and former
Dean of Students, attended two
meetings in Washington, D.C., last
week.
Professor Stalnaker went to the
meeting of the Civilian Advisory
Committee to the Chief of Naval
Personnel on Nov. 12 and 13. Today
he will attend a meeting of the
Advisory Committee on Foreign
Service Examinations of the State
Department.
John M. Stalnaker, Stanford pro
fessor of psychology and former
Dean of Students, attended two
meetings in Washington, D.C., last
week.
Professor Stalnaker went to the
meeting of the Civilian Advisory
Committee to the Chief of Naval
Personnel on Nov. 12 and 13. Today
he will attend a meeting of the
Advisory Committee on Foreign
Service Examinations of the State
Department.
John M. Stalnaker, Stanford pro
fessor of psychology and former
Dean of Students, attended two
meetings in Washington, D.C., last
week.
Professor Stalnaker went to the
meeting of the Civilian Advisory
Committee to the Chief of Naval
Personnel on Nov. 12 and 13. Today
he will attend a meeting of the
Advisory Committee on Foreign
Service Examinations of the State
Department.
John M. Stalnaker, Stanford pro
fessor of psychology and former
Dean of Students, attended two
meetings in Washington, D.C., last
week.
Professor Stalnaker went to the
meeting of the Civilian Advisory
Committee to the Chief of Naval
Personnel on Nov. 12 and 13. Today
he will attend a meeting of the
Advisory Committee on Foreign
Service Examinations of the State
Department.
