# Yost service remembers deceased Stanford junior
## 
### Jason Bloomstein Staff writer 
About 80 people gathered in
the Yost House dining room
last night to remember Chris
topher Bard, a Stanford junior
who died March 20 en route to
a hospital from his house in
Seaford, N.Y.
Bard returned home from
Stanford March 17, suffering
from a bout of mononucleosis.
He developed breathing diffi
culties on March 19 and was
rushed to Brunswick Hospital
in Amityville, N.Y., where he
was pronounced dead at 1:30
the next morning, according to
his father, Stephen Bard.
The Suffolk County (N.Y.)
Medical Examiner's Office has
not yet determined the cause
of death.
Bard was a philosophy and
religious studies major and a
Yost resident.
At the memorial service,
several of Bard's dormmates,
resident assistants and resident

fellows, and a few of his pro
fessors offered speeches and
personal anecdotes about his
life at Stanford. Dean of the
Chapel Robert Gregg gave an
opening eulogy and a closing
prayer.
In addition tq members of
the Stanford community,
Bard's parents and sister at
tended the service.
"He was a man of con
science," Bard's father said.
"He wanted to help people."
Bard spent last summer
working for the U.S. Asia In
stitute in which he helped
Asian exchange students adjust
to life in the United States.
The chair of the board of the
institute, who attended Bard's
funeral, has created a fund in
Bard's memory to aid other
students who wish to take part
in the exchange program.
Donations can be sent to the
Christopher Bard Memorial
Fund, U.S. Asia Institute, 232
East Capitol North East, Wash
ington, D.C. 20003.
About 80 people gathered in
the Yost House dining room
last night to remember Chris
topher Bard, a Stanford junior
who died March 20 en route to
a hospital from his house in
Seaford, N.Y.
Bard returned home from
Stanford March 17, suffering
from a bout of mononucleosis.
He developed breathing diffi
culties on March 19 and was
rushed to Brunswick Hospital
in Amityville, N.Y., where he
was pronounced dead at 1:30
the next morning, according to
his father, Stephen Bard.
The Suffolk County (N.Y.)
Medical Examiner's Office has
not yet determined the cause
of death.
Bard was a philosophy and
religious studies major and a
Yost resident.
At the memorial service,
several of Bard's dormmates,
resident assistants and resident

fellows, and a few of his pro
fessors offered speeches and
personal anecdotes about his
life at Stanford. Dean of the
Chapel Robert Gregg gave an
opening eulogy and a closing
prayer.
In addition tq members of
the Stanford community,
Bard's parents and sister at
tended the service.
"He was a man of con
science," Bard's father said.
"He wanted to help people."
Bard spent last summer
working for the U.S. Asia In
stitute in which he helped
Asian exchange students adjust
to life in the United States.
The chair of the board of the
institute, who attended Bard's
funeral, has created a fund in
Bard's memory to aid other
students who wish to take part
in the exchange program.
Donations can be sent to the
Christopher Bard Memorial
Fund, U.S. Asia Institute, 232
East Capitol North East, Wash
ington, D.C. 20003.
About 80 people gathered in
the Yost House dining room
last night to remember Chris
topher Bard, a Stanford junior
who died March 20 en route to
a hospital from his house in
Seaford, N.Y.
Bard returned home from
Stanford March 17, suffering
from a bout of mononucleosis.
He developed breathing diffi
culties on March 19 and was
rushed to Brunswick Hospital
in Amityville, N.Y., where he
was pronounced dead at 1:30
the next morning, according to
his father, Stephen Bard.
The Suffolk County (N.Y.)
Medical Examiner's Office has
not yet determined the cause
of death.
Bard was a philosophy and
religious studies major and a
Yost resident.
At the memorial service,
several of Bard's dormmates,
resident assistants and resident

fellows, and a few of his pro
fessors offered speeches and
personal anecdotes about his
life at Stanford. Dean of the
Chapel Robert Gregg gave an
opening eulogy and a closing
prayer.
In addition tq members of
the Stanford community,
Bard's parents and sister at
tended the service.
"He was a man of con
science," Bard's father said.
"He wanted to help people."
Bard spent last summer
working for the U.S. Asia In
stitute in which he helped
Asian exchange students adjust
to life in the United States.
The chair of the board of the
institute, who attended Bard's
funeral, has created a fund in
Bard's memory to aid other
students who wish to take part
in the exchange program.
Donations can be sent to the
Christopher Bard Memorial
Fund, U.S. Asia Institute, 232
East Capitol North East, Wash
ington, D.C. 20003.
About 80 people gathered in
the Yost House dining room
last night to remember Chris
topher Bard, a Stanford junior
who died March 20 en route to
a hospital from his house in
Seaford, N.Y.
Bard returned home from
Stanford March 17, suffering
from a bout of mononucleosis.
He developed breathing diffi
culties on March 19 and was
rushed to Brunswick Hospital
in Amityville, N.Y., where he
was pronounced dead at 1:30
the next morning, according to
his father, Stephen Bard.
The Suffolk County (N.Y.)
Medical Examiner's Office has
not yet determined the cause
of death.
Bard was a philosophy and
religious studies major and a
Yost resident.
At the memorial service,
several of Bard's dormmates,
resident assistants and resident

fellows, and a few of his pro
fessors offered speeches and
personal anecdotes about his
life at Stanford. Dean of the
Chapel Robert Gregg gave an
opening eulogy and a closing
prayer.
In addition tq members of
the Stanford community,
Bard's parents and sister at
tended the service.
"He was a man of con
science," Bard's father said.
"He wanted to help people."
Bard spent last summer
working for the U.S. Asia In
stitute in which he helped
Asian exchange students adjust
to life in the United States.
The chair of the board of the
institute, who attended Bard's
funeral, has created a fund in
Bard's memory to aid other
students who wish to take part
in the exchange program.
Donations can be sent to the
Christopher Bard Memorial
Fund, U.S. Asia Institute, 232
East Capitol North East, Wash
ington, D.C. 20003.
About 80 people gathered in
the Yost House dining room
last night to remember Chris
topher Bard, a Stanford junior
who died March 20 en route to
a hospital from his house in
Seaford, N.Y.
Bard returned home from
Stanford March 17, suffering
from a bout of mononucleosis.
He developed breathing diffi
culties on March 19 and was
rushed to Brunswick Hospital
in Amityville, N.Y., where he
was pronounced dead at 1:30
the next morning, according to
his father, Stephen Bard.
The Suffolk County (N.Y.)
Medical Examiner's Office has
not yet determined the cause
of death.
Bard was a philosophy and
religious studies major and a
Yost resident.
At the memorial service,
several of Bard's dormmates,
resident assistants and resident

fellows, and a few of his pro
fessors offered speeches and
personal anecdotes about his
life at Stanford. Dean of the
Chapel Robert Gregg gave an
opening eulogy and a closing
prayer.
In addition tq members of
the Stanford community,
Bard's parents and sister at
tended the service.
"He was a man of con
science," Bard's father said.
"He wanted to help people."
Bard spent last summer
working for the U.S. Asia In
stitute in which he helped
Asian exchange students adjust
to life in the United States.
The chair of the board of the
institute, who attended Bard's
funeral, has created a fund in
Bard's memory to aid other
students who wish to take part
in the exchange program.
Donations can be sent to the
Christopher Bard Memorial
Fund, U.S. Asia Institute, 232
East Capitol North East, Wash
ington, D.C. 20003.
About 80 people gathered in
the Yost House dining room
last night to remember Chris
topher Bard, a Stanford junior
who died March 20 en route to
a hospital from his house in
Seaford, N.Y.
Bard returned home from
Stanford March 17, suffering
from a bout of mononucleosis.
He developed breathing diffi
culties on March 19 and was
rushed to Brunswick Hospital
in Amityville, N.Y., where he
was pronounced dead at 1:30
the next morning, according to
his father, Stephen Bard.
The Suffolk County (N.Y.)
Medical Examiner's Office has
not yet determined the cause
of death.
Bard was a philosophy and
religious studies major and a
Yost resident.
At the memorial service,
several of Bard's dormmates,
resident assistants and resident

fellows, and a few of his pro
fessors offered speeches and
personal anecdotes about his
life at Stanford. Dean of the
Chapel Robert Gregg gave an
opening eulogy and a closing
prayer.
In addition tq members of
the Stanford community,
Bard's parents and sister at
tended the service.
"He was a man of con
science," Bard's father said.
"He wanted to help people."
Bard spent last summer
working for the U.S. Asia In
stitute in which he helped
Asian exchange students adjust
to life in the United States.
The chair of the board of the
institute, who attended Bard's
funeral, has created a fund in
Bard's memory to aid other
students who wish to take part
in the exchange program.
Donations can be sent to the
Christopher Bard Memorial
Fund, U.S. Asia Institute, 232
East Capitol North East, Wash
ington, D.C. 20003.
About 80 people gathered in
the Yost House dining room
last night to remember Chris
topher Bard, a Stanford junior
who died March 20 en route to
a hospital from his house in
Seaford, N.Y.
Bard returned home from
Stanford March 17, suffering
from a bout of mononucleosis.
He developed breathing diffi
culties on March 19 and was
rushed to Brunswick Hospital
in Amityville, N.Y., where he
was pronounced dead at 1:30
the next morning, according to
his father, Stephen Bard.
The Suffolk County (N.Y.)
Medical Examiner's Office has
not yet determined the cause
of death.
Bard was a philosophy and
religious studies major and a
Yost resident.
At the memorial service,
several of Bard's dormmates,
resident assistants and resident

fellows, and a few of his pro
fessors offered speeches and
personal anecdotes about his
life at Stanford. Dean of the
Chapel Robert Gregg gave an
opening eulogy and a closing
prayer.
In addition tq members of
the Stanford community,
Bard's parents and sister at
tended the service.
"He was a man of con
science," Bard's father said.
"He wanted to help people."
Bard spent last summer
working for the U.S. Asia In
stitute in which he helped
Asian exchange students adjust
to life in the United States.
The chair of the board of the
institute, who attended Bard's
funeral, has created a fund in
Bard's memory to aid other
students who wish to take part
in the exchange program.
Donations can be sent to the
Christopher Bard Memorial
Fund, U.S. Asia Institute, 232
East Capitol North East, Wash
ington, D.C. 20003.
About 80 people gathered in
the Yost House dining room
last night to remember Chris
topher Bard, a Stanford junior
who died March 20 en route to
a hospital from his house in
Seaford, N.Y.
Bard returned home from
Stanford March 17, suffering
from a bout of mononucleosis.
He developed breathing diffi
culties on March 19 and was
rushed to Brunswick Hospital
in Amityville, N.Y., where he
was pronounced dead at 1:30
the next morning, according to
his father, Stephen Bard.
The Suffolk County (N.Y.)
Medical Examiner's Office has
not yet determined the cause
of death.
Bard was a philosophy and
religious studies major and a
Yost resident.
At the memorial service,
several of Bard's dormmates,
resident assistants and resident

fellows, and a few of his pro
fessors offered speeches and
personal anecdotes about his
life at Stanford. Dean of the
Chapel Robert Gregg gave an
opening eulogy and a closing
prayer.
In addition tq members of
the Stanford community,
Bard's parents and sister at
tended the service.
"He was a man of con
science," Bard's father said.
"He wanted to help people."
Bard spent last summer
working for the U.S. Asia In
stitute in which he helped
Asian exchange students adjust
to life in the United States.
The chair of the board of the
institute, who attended Bard's
funeral, has created a fund in
Bard's memory to aid other
students who wish to take part
in the exchange program.
Donations can be sent to the
Christopher Bard Memorial
Fund, U.S. Asia Institute, 232
East Capitol North East, Wash
ington, D.C. 20003.
