# Adv. 22 Page 11
## 
### 
Los Altos for Sale or Lease;
(650) 941-0292 for more info
Earn $2500 +monthly and more to
type simple ads online.
www.DataEntryTypers.com
WEEKEND EMPLOYMENT-
Camp Counselors needed for
residential camping program
serving children and adults with
disabilities. If you are
interested in a challenging and
rewarding experience, please
contact 408-243-7861 or
www.viaservices.org
Sales Associate for Design/
fireplace showroom. Sales
experience desired. Will train
the right person. 938-2000 MV
Palo Alto; Studio apt, Clean,
Quiet, Prking $550. 650-329-9650
Portola Valley I+rooms; 1 bath;
quiet at $1,500/month;Chip
6507143965
BEAUTY VS GEEK. HIGHLY INTELLI
GENT,SENSE OF HUMOR, ARTICU
LATE, EASY-GOING PROFESSION-
Los Altos for Sale or Lease;
(650) 941-0292 for more info
Earn $2500 +monthly and more to
type simple ads online.
www.DataEntryTypers.com
WEEKEND EMPLOYMENT-
Camp Counselors needed for
residential camping program
serving children and adults with
disabilities. If you are
interested in a challenging and
rewarding experience, please
contact 408-243-7861 or
www.viaservices.org
Sales Associate for Design/
fireplace showroom. Sales
experience desired. Will train
the right person. 938-2000 MV
Palo Alto; Studio apt, Clean,
Quiet, Prking $550. 650-329-9650
Portola Valley I+rooms; 1 bath;
quiet at $1,500/month;Chip
6507143965
BEAUTY VS GEEK. HIGHLY INTELLI
GENT,SENSE OF HUMOR, ARTICU
LATE, EASY-GOING PROFESSION-
Los Altos for Sale or Lease;
(650) 941-0292 for more info
Earn $2500 +monthly and more to
type simple ads online.
www.DataEntryTypers.com
WEEKEND EMPLOYMENT-
Camp Counselors needed for
residential camping program
serving children and adults with
disabilities. If you are
interested in a challenging and
rewarding experience, please
contact 408-243-7861 or
www.viaservices.org
Sales Associate for Design/
fireplace showroom. Sales
experience desired. Will train
the right person. 938-2000 MV
Palo Alto; Studio apt, Clean,
Quiet, Prking $550. 650-329-9650
Portola Valley I+rooms; 1 bath;
quiet at $1,500/month;Chip
6507143965
BEAUTY VS GEEK. HIGHLY INTELLI
GENT,SENSE OF HUMOR, ARTICU
LATE, EASY-GOING PROFESSION-
Los Altos for Sale or Lease;
(650) 941-0292 for more info
Earn $2500 +monthly and more to
type simple ads online.
www.DataEntryTypers.com
WEEKEND EMPLOYMENT-
Camp Counselors needed for
residential camping program
serving children and adults with
disabilities. If you are
interested in a challenging and
rewarding experience, please
contact 408-243-7861 or
www.viaservices.org
Sales Associate for Design/
fireplace showroom. Sales
experience desired. Will train
the right person. 938-2000 MV
Palo Alto; Studio apt, Clean,
Quiet, Prking $550. 650-329-9650
Portola Valley I+rooms; 1 bath;
quiet at $1,500/month;Chip
6507143965
BEAUTY VS GEEK. HIGHLY INTELLI
GENT,SENSE OF HUMOR, ARTICU
LATE, EASY-GOING PROFESSION-
Los Altos for Sale or Lease;
(650) 941-0292 for more info
Earn $2500 +monthly and more to
type simple ads online.
www.DataEntryTypers.com
WEEKEND EMPLOYMENT-
Camp Counselors needed for
residential camping program
serving children and adults with
disabilities. If you are
interested in a challenging and
rewarding experience, please
contact 408-243-7861 or
www.viaservices.org
Sales Associate for Design/
fireplace showroom. Sales
experience desired. Will train
the right person. 938-2000 MV
Palo Alto; Studio apt, Clean,
Quiet, Prking $550. 650-329-9650
Portola Valley I+rooms; 1 bath;
quiet at $1,500/month;Chip
6507143965
BEAUTY VS GEEK. HIGHLY INTELLI
GENT,SENSE OF HUMOR, ARTICU
LATE, EASY-GOING PROFESSION-
Los Altos for Sale or Lease;
(650) 941-0292 for more info
Earn $2500 +monthly and more to
type simple ads online.
www.DataEntryTypers.com
WEEKEND EMPLOYMENT-
Camp Counselors needed for
residential camping program
serving children and adults with
disabilities. If you are
interested in a challenging and
rewarding experience, please
contact 408-243-7861 or
www.viaservices.org
Sales Associate for Design/
fireplace showroom. Sales
experience desired. Will train
the right person. 938-2000 MV
Palo Alto; Studio apt, Clean,
Quiet, Prking $550. 650-329-9650
Portola Valley I+rooms; 1 bath;
quiet at $1,500/month;Chip
6507143965
BEAUTY VS GEEK. HIGHLY INTELLI
GENT,SENSE OF HUMOR, ARTICU
LATE, EASY-GOING PROFESSION-
