# Astonished at Its Beauty.
## 
### 
The svp.se of the Memorial Church
is completed, the scaffolding has
been removed from the interior,
and, with the exception of some
more plastering and mosaic work,
and the placing of the pews in posi
tion, the inside work is finished.
Tourists who are admitted to the
church are astonished at its magni
tude and beauty.
The svp.se of the Memorial Church
is completed, the scaffolding has
been removed from the interior,
and, with the exception of some
more plastering and mosaic work,
and the placing of the pews in posi
tion, the inside work is finished.
Tourists who are admitted to the
church are astonished at its magni
tude and beauty.
The svp.se of the Memorial Church
is completed, the scaffolding has
been removed from the interior,
and, with the exception of some
more plastering and mosaic work,
and the placing of the pews in posi
tion, the inside work is finished.
Tourists who are admitted to the
church are astonished at its magni
tude and beauty.
The svp.se of the Memorial Church
is completed, the scaffolding has
been removed from the interior,
and, with the exception of some
more plastering and mosaic work,
and the placing of the pews in posi
tion, the inside work is finished.
Tourists who are admitted to the
church are astonished at its magni
tude and beauty.
The svp.se of the Memorial Church
is completed, the scaffolding has
been removed from the interior,
and, with the exception of some
more plastering and mosaic work,
and the placing of the pews in posi
tion, the inside work is finished.
Tourists who are admitted to the
church are astonished at its magni
tude and beauty.
The svp.se of the Memorial Church
is completed, the scaffolding has
been removed from the interior,
and, with the exception of some
more plastering and mosaic work,
and the placing of the pews in posi
tion, the inside work is finished.
Tourists who are admitted to the
church are astonished at its magni
tude and beauty.
The svp.se of the Memorial Church
is completed, the scaffolding has
been removed from the interior,
and, with the exception of some
more plastering and mosaic work,
and the placing of the pews in posi
tion, the inside work is finished.
Tourists who are admitted to the
church are astonished at its magni
tude and beauty.
