# Antigone at Berkeley May 10th.
## 
### 
During the Southern trip Dr.
Murray and Dr. Fairclough received
a telegram from President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler of the University of
California inviting them to give a
performance of the Antigone before
the students at Berkeley on the
evening of May 10th. The invita
tion will be accepted.
During the Southern trip Dr.
Murray and Dr. Fairclough received
a telegram from President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler of the University of
California inviting them to give a
performance of the Antigone before
the students at Berkeley on the
evening of May 10th. The invita
tion will be accepted.
During the Southern trip Dr.
Murray and Dr. Fairclough received
a telegram from President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler of the University of
California inviting them to give a
performance of the Antigone before
the students at Berkeley on the
evening of May 10th. The invita
tion will be accepted.
During the Southern trip Dr.
Murray and Dr. Fairclough received
a telegram from President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler of the University of
California inviting them to give a
performance of the Antigone before
the students at Berkeley on the
evening of May 10th. The invita
tion will be accepted.
During the Southern trip Dr.
Murray and Dr. Fairclough received
a telegram from President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler of the University of
California inviting them to give a
performance of the Antigone before
the students at Berkeley on the
evening of May 10th. The invita
tion will be accepted.
During the Southern trip Dr.
Murray and Dr. Fairclough received
a telegram from President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler of the University of
California inviting them to give a
performance of the Antigone before
the students at Berkeley on the
evening of May 10th. The invita
tion will be accepted.
During the Southern trip Dr.
Murray and Dr. Fairclough received
a telegram from President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler of the University of
California inviting them to give a
performance of the Antigone before
the students at Berkeley on the
evening of May 10th. The invita
tion will be accepted.
