# Score of the Chess Games.
## 
### 
The Intercollegiate Chess match
between Stanford and California,
which was held at the Mechanic's
Institute Chess Club in San Fran
cisco, resulted in a victory for Berke
ley by the score of to H. C.
Powers and A. Ward Jr. were both
victorious for Stanford, Ward win
ning what was by far the most
closely contested and most interest
ing game of the match. A. T. Par
sons tied his game. Leiband Page
were soon defeated, having been
unfortunate enough to lose their
queens at an early stage of the
game, but even under these adverse
circumstances making a plucky
up-hill fight.
Three times Stanford has met
the University of California in
chess tournaments, and each time
she has been deefated. The detailed
score of the match follows:
BERKELEY.
C. C. Dickson 0
W. B. Scotch ler 1
Hy Epstein 0
J. S. Lamson
A. 1). Weitbree 1
0. 11. Hunter 1
Total 3^
STANFORD.
H. C. Powers 1
C. L. Ilarkins 0
A. Ward, Jr 1
A. T. Parsons \
F. A. Leib 0
J. H. Page 0
Total 24
The Intercollegiate Chess match
between Stanford and California,
which was held at the Mechanic's
Institute Chess Club in San Fran
cisco, resulted in a victory for Berke
ley by the score of to H. C.
Powers and A. Ward Jr. were both
victorious for Stanford, Ward win
ning what was by far the most
closely contested and most interest
ing game of the match. A. T. Par
sons tied his game. Leiband Page
were soon defeated, having been
unfortunate enough to lose their
queens at an early stage of the
game, but even under these adverse
circumstances making a plucky
up-hill fight.
Three times Stanford has met
the University of California in
chess tournaments, and each time
she has been deefated. The detailed
score of the match follows:
BERKELEY.
C. C. Dickson 0
W. B. Scotch ler 1
Hy Epstein 0
J. S. Lamson
A. 1). Weitbree 1
0. 11. Hunter 1
Total 3^
STANFORD.
H. C. Powers 1
C. L. Ilarkins 0
A. Ward, Jr 1
A. T. Parsons \
F. A. Leib 0
J. H. Page 0
Total 24
The Intercollegiate Chess match
between Stanford and California,
which was held at the Mechanic's
Institute Chess Club in San Fran
cisco, resulted in a victory for Berke
ley by the score of to H. C.
Powers and A. Ward Jr. were both
victorious for Stanford, Ward win
ning what was by far the most
closely contested and most interest
ing game of the match. A. T. Par
sons tied his game. Leiband Page
were soon defeated, having been
unfortunate enough to lose their
queens at an early stage of the
game, but even under these adverse
circumstances making a plucky
up-hill fight.
Three times Stanford has met
the University of California in
chess tournaments, and each time
she has been deefated. The detailed
score of the match follows:
BERKELEY.
C. C. Dickson 0
W. B. Scotch ler 1
Hy Epstein 0
J. S. Lamson
A. 1). Weitbree 1
0. 11. Hunter 1
Total 3^
STANFORD.
H. C. Powers 1
C. L. Ilarkins 0
A. Ward, Jr 1
A. T. Parsons \
F. A. Leib 0
J. H. Page 0
Total 24
The Intercollegiate Chess match
between Stanford and California,
which was held at the Mechanic's
Institute Chess Club in San Fran
cisco, resulted in a victory for Berke
ley by the score of to H. C.
Powers and A. Ward Jr. were both
victorious for Stanford, Ward win
ning what was by far the most
closely contested and most interest
ing game of the match. A. T. Par
sons tied his game. Leiband Page
were soon defeated, having been
unfortunate enough to lose their
queens at an early stage of the
game, but even under these adverse
circumstances making a plucky
up-hill fight.
Three times Stanford has met
the University of California in
chess tournaments, and each time
she has been deefated. The detailed
score of the match follows:
BERKELEY.
C. C. Dickson 0
W. B. Scotch ler 1
Hy Epstein 0
J. S. Lamson
A. 1). Weitbree 1
0. 11. Hunter 1
Total 3^
STANFORD.
H. C. Powers 1
C. L. Ilarkins 0
A. Ward, Jr 1
A. T. Parsons \
F. A. Leib 0
J. H. Page 0
Total 24
The Intercollegiate Chess match
between Stanford and California,
which was held at the Mechanic's
Institute Chess Club in San Fran
cisco, resulted in a victory for Berke
ley by the score of to H. C.
Powers and A. Ward Jr. were both
victorious for Stanford, Ward win
ning what was by far the most
closely contested and most interest
ing game of the match. A. T. Par
sons tied his game. Leiband Page
were soon defeated, having been
unfortunate enough to lose their
queens at an early stage of the
game, but even under these adverse
circumstances making a plucky
up-hill fight.
Three times Stanford has met
the University of California in
chess tournaments, and each time
she has been deefated. The detailed
score of the match follows:
BERKELEY.
C. C. Dickson 0
W. B. Scotch ler 1
Hy Epstein 0
J. S. Lamson
A. 1). Weitbree 1
0. 11. Hunter 1
Total 3^
STANFORD.
H. C. Powers 1
C. L. Ilarkins 0
A. Ward, Jr 1
A. T. Parsons \
F. A. Leib 0
J. H. Page 0
Total 24
The Intercollegiate Chess match
between Stanford and California,
which was held at the Mechanic's
Institute Chess Club in San Fran
cisco, resulted in a victory for Berke
ley by the score of to H. C.
Powers and A. Ward Jr. were both
victorious for Stanford, Ward win
ning what was by far the most
closely contested and most interest
ing game of the match. A. T. Par
sons tied his game. Leiband Page
were soon defeated, having been
unfortunate enough to lose their
queens at an early stage of the
game, but even under these adverse
circumstances making a plucky
up-hill fight.
Three times Stanford has met
the University of California in
chess tournaments, and each time
she has been deefated. The detailed
score of the match follows:
BERKELEY.
C. C. Dickson 0
W. B. Scotch ler 1
Hy Epstein 0
J. S. Lamson
A. 1). Weitbree 1
0. 11. Hunter 1
Total 3^
STANFORD.
H. C. Powers 1
C. L. Ilarkins 0
A. Ward, Jr 1
A. T. Parsons \
F. A. Leib 0
J. H. Page 0
Total 24
The Intercollegiate Chess match
between Stanford and California,
which was held at the Mechanic's
Institute Chess Club in San Fran
cisco, resulted in a victory for Berke
ley by the score of to H. C.
Powers and A. Ward Jr. were both
victorious for Stanford, Ward win
ning what was by far the most
closely contested and most interest
ing game of the match. A. T. Par
sons tied his game. Leiband Page
were soon defeated, having been
unfortunate enough to lose their
queens at an early stage of the
game, but even under these adverse
circumstances making a plucky
up-hill fight.
Three times Stanford has met
the University of California in
chess tournaments, and each time
she has been deefated. The detailed
score of the match follows:
BERKELEY.
C. C. Dickson 0
W. B. Scotch ler 1
Hy Epstein 0
J. S. Lamson
A. 1). Weitbree 1
0. 11. Hunter 1
Total 3^
STANFORD.
H. C. Powers 1
C. L. Ilarkins 0
A. Ward, Jr 1
A. T. Parsons \
F. A. Leib 0
J. H. Page 0
Total 24
