# Ohio's Man in the Middle
## 
### 

BIG BUCKEYE—Center Ken Vargo will hold down the center spot for Ohio State in Saturday's
contest. Vargo, a two-year letterman, stands 6-1 and weighs 200 pounds. He started on Ohio
State's mythical national champions last year.

BIG BUCKEYE—Center Ken Vargo will hold down the center spot for Ohio State in Saturday's
contest. Vargo, a two-year letterman, stands 6-1 and weighs 200 pounds. He started on Ohio
State's mythical national champions last year.

BIG BUCKEYE—Center Ken Vargo will hold down the center spot for Ohio State in Saturday's
contest. Vargo, a two-year letterman, stands 6-1 and weighs 200 pounds. He started on Ohio
State's mythical national champions last year.

BIG BUCKEYE—Center Ken Vargo will hold down the center spot for Ohio State in Saturday's
contest. Vargo, a two-year letterman, stands 6-1 and weighs 200 pounds. He started on Ohio
State's mythical national champions last year.

BIG BUCKEYE—Center Ken Vargo will hold down the center spot for Ohio State in Saturday's
contest. Vargo, a two-year letterman, stands 6-1 and weighs 200 pounds. He started on Ohio
State's mythical national champions last year.

BIG BUCKEYE—Center Ken Vargo will hold down the center spot for Ohio State in Saturday's
contest. Vargo, a two-year letterman, stands 6-1 and weighs 200 pounds. He started on Ohio
State's mythical national champions last year.

BIG BUCKEYE—Center Ken Vargo will hold down the center spot for Ohio State in Saturday's
contest. Vargo, a two-year letterman, stands 6-1 and weighs 200 pounds. He started on Ohio
State's mythical national champions last year.

BIG BUCKEYE—Center Ken Vargo will hold down the center spot for Ohio State in Saturday's
contest. Vargo, a two-year letterman, stands 6-1 and weighs 200 pounds. He started on Ohio
State's mythical national champions last year.

BIG BUCKEYE—Center Ken Vargo will hold down the center spot for Ohio State in Saturday's
contest. Vargo, a two-year letterman, stands 6-1 and weighs 200 pounds. He started on Ohio
State's mythical national champions last year.

BIG BUCKEYE—Center Ken Vargo will hold down the center spot for Ohio State in Saturday's
contest. Vargo, a two-year letterman, stands 6-1 and weighs 200 pounds. He started on Ohio
State's mythical national champions last year.

BIG BUCKEYE—Center Ken Vargo will hold down the center spot for Ohio State in Saturday's
contest. Vargo, a two-year letterman, stands 6-1 and weighs 200 pounds. He started on Ohio
State's mythical national champions last year.

BIG BUCKEYE—Center Ken Vargo will hold down the center spot for Ohio State in Saturday's
contest. Vargo, a two-year letterman, stands 6-1 and weighs 200 pounds. He started on Ohio
State's mythical national champions last year.

BIG BUCKEYE—Center Ken Vargo will hold down the center spot for Ohio State in Saturday's
contest. Vargo, a two-year letterman, stands 6-1 and weighs 200 pounds. He started on Ohio
State's mythical national champions last year.

BIG BUCKEYE—Center Ken Vargo will hold down the center spot for Ohio State in Saturday's
contest. Vargo, a two-year letterman, stands 6-1 and weighs 200 pounds. He started on Ohio
State's mythical national champions last year.

BIG BUCKEYE—Center Ken Vargo will hold down the center spot for Ohio State in Saturday's
contest. Vargo, a two-year letterman, stands 6-1 and weighs 200 pounds. He started on Ohio
State's mythical national champions last year.
