# Senators Wrangle In Security Probe
## 
### 
WASHINGTON — Civil Service
Chairman Philip Young today rc
oorted that 9,310 federal employes
have been fired or resigned under
the Administration's security pro
gram. Democratic senators immedi
ately called the report a "smear"
ind the "numbers racket."
WASHINGTON — Civil Service
Chairman Philip Young today rc
oorted that 9,310 federal employes
have been fired or resigned under
the Administration's security pro
gram. Democratic senators immedi
ately called the report a "smear"
ind the "numbers racket."
WASHINGTON — Civil Service
Chairman Philip Young today rc
oorted that 9,310 federal employes
have been fired or resigned under
the Administration's security pro
gram. Democratic senators immedi
ately called the report a "smear"
ind the "numbers racket."
WASHINGTON — Civil Service
Chairman Philip Young today rc
oorted that 9,310 federal employes
have been fired or resigned under
the Administration's security pro
gram. Democratic senators immedi
ately called the report a "smear"
ind the "numbers racket."
WASHINGTON — Civil Service
Chairman Philip Young today rc
oorted that 9,310 federal employes
have been fired or resigned under
the Administration's security pro
gram. Democratic senators immedi
ately called the report a "smear"
ind the "numbers racket."
WASHINGTON — Civil Service
Chairman Philip Young today rc
oorted that 9,310 federal employes
have been fired or resigned under
the Administration's security pro
gram. Democratic senators immedi
ately called the report a "smear"
ind the "numbers racket."
WASHINGTON — Civil Service
Chairman Philip Young today rc
oorted that 9,310 federal employes
have been fired or resigned under
the Administration's security pro
gram. Democratic senators immedi
ately called the report a "smear"
ind the "numbers racket."
WASHINGTON — Civil Service
Chairman Philip Young today rc
oorted that 9,310 federal employes
have been fired or resigned under
the Administration's security pro
gram. Democratic senators immedi
ately called the report a "smear"
ind the "numbers racket."
WASHINGTON — Civil Service
Chairman Philip Young today rc
oorted that 9,310 federal employes
have been fired or resigned under
the Administration's security pro
gram. Democratic senators immedi
ately called the report a "smear"
ind the "numbers racket."
WASHINGTON — Civil Service
Chairman Philip Young today rc
oorted that 9,310 federal employes
have been fired or resigned under
the Administration's security pro
gram. Democratic senators immedi
ately called the report a "smear"
ind the "numbers racket."
WASHINGTON — Civil Service
Chairman Philip Young today rc
oorted that 9,310 federal employes
have been fired or resigned under
the Administration's security pro
gram. Democratic senators immedi
ately called the report a "smear"
ind the "numbers racket."
WASHINGTON — Civil Service
Chairman Philip Young today rc
oorted that 9,310 federal employes
have been fired or resigned under
the Administration's security pro
gram. Democratic senators immedi
ately called the report a "smear"
ind the "numbers racket."
WASHINGTON — Civil Service
Chairman Philip Young today rc
oorted that 9,310 federal employes
have been fired or resigned under
the Administration's security pro
gram. Democratic senators immedi
ately called the report a "smear"
ind the "numbers racket."
WASHINGTON — Civil Service
Chairman Philip Young today rc
oorted that 9,310 federal employes
have been fired or resigned under
the Administration's security pro
gram. Democratic senators immedi
ately called the report a "smear"
ind the "numbers racket."
WASHINGTON — Civil Service
Chairman Philip Young today rc
oorted that 9,310 federal employes
have been fired or resigned under
the Administration's security pro
gram. Democratic senators immedi
ately called the report a "smear"
ind the "numbers racket."
