# Election Head Tryouts Will Begin Wednesday
## 
### 
Tryouts for election commissi'**
chairman will be held in the AS:',
president's office tomorrow, Tlmi
day and Friday from 3 to 5 p.m.
Tryouts for election commissi'**
chairman will be held in the AS:',
president's office tomorrow, Tlmi
day and Friday from 3 to 5 p.m.
Tryouts for election commissi'**
chairman will be held in the AS:',
president's office tomorrow, Tlmi
day and Friday from 3 to 5 p.m.
Tryouts for election commissi'**
chairman will be held in the AS:',
president's office tomorrow, Tlmi
day and Friday from 3 to 5 p.m.
Tryouts for election commissi'**
chairman will be held in the AS:',
president's office tomorrow, Tlmi
day and Friday from 3 to 5 p.m.
Tryouts for election commissi'**
chairman will be held in the AS:',
president's office tomorrow, Tlmi
day and Friday from 3 to 5 p.m.
Tryouts for election commissi'**
chairman will be held in the AS:',
president's office tomorrow, Tlmi
day and Friday from 3 to 5 p.m.
Tryouts for election commissi'**
chairman will be held in the AS:',
president's office tomorrow, Tlmi
day and Friday from 3 to 5 p.m.
Tryouts for election commissi'**
chairman will be held in the AS:',
president's office tomorrow, Tlmi
day and Friday from 3 to 5 p.m.
Tryouts for election commissi'**
chairman will be held in the AS:',
president's office tomorrow, Tlmi
day and Friday from 3 to 5 p.m.
Tryouts for election commissi'**
chairman will be held in the AS:',
president's office tomorrow, Tlmi
day and Friday from 3 to 5 p.m.
Tryouts for election commissi'**
chairman will be held in the AS:',
president's office tomorrow, Tlmi
day and Friday from 3 to 5 p.m.
Tryouts for election commissi'**
chairman will be held in the AS:',
president's office tomorrow, Tlmi
day and Friday from 3 to 5 p.m.
Tryouts for election commissi'**
chairman will be held in the AS:',
president's office tomorrow, Tlmi
day and Friday from 3 to 5 p.m.
Tryouts for election commissi'**
chairman will be held in the AS:',
president's office tomorrow, Tlmi
day and Friday from 3 to 5 p.m.
