# Physics Math Test To Be Given Today
## 
### 
The mathematics examination
prerequisite to Physics 21 will he
given in Room .'572 at 4 p.m. today.
Students who took a similar ex
amination last June and failed it
!-hould report for this tent, with
those who have not taken it, ac
cording to the Physics department.
The mathematics examination
prerequisite to Physics 21 will he
given in Room .'572 at 4 p.m. today.
Students who took a similar ex
amination last June and failed it
!-hould report for this tent, with
those who have not taken it, ac
cording to the Physics department.
The mathematics examination
prerequisite to Physics 21 will he
given in Room .'572 at 4 p.m. today.
Students who took a similar ex
amination last June and failed it
!-hould report for this tent, with
those who have not taken it, ac
cording to the Physics department.
The mathematics examination
prerequisite to Physics 21 will he
given in Room .'572 at 4 p.m. today.
Students who took a similar ex
amination last June and failed it
!-hould report for this tent, with
those who have not taken it, ac
cording to the Physics department.
The mathematics examination
prerequisite to Physics 21 will he
given in Room .'572 at 4 p.m. today.
Students who took a similar ex
amination last June and failed it
!-hould report for this tent, with
those who have not taken it, ac
cording to the Physics department.
The mathematics examination
prerequisite to Physics 21 will he
given in Room .'572 at 4 p.m. today.
Students who took a similar ex
amination last June and failed it
!-hould report for this tent, with
those who have not taken it, ac
cording to the Physics department.
The mathematics examination
prerequisite to Physics 21 will he
given in Room .'572 at 4 p.m. today.
Students who took a similar ex
amination last June and failed it
!-hould report for this tent, with
those who have not taken it, ac
cording to the Physics department.
The mathematics examination
prerequisite to Physics 21 will he
given in Room .'572 at 4 p.m. today.
Students who took a similar ex
amination last June and failed it
!-hould report for this tent, with
those who have not taken it, ac
cording to the Physics department.
The mathematics examination
prerequisite to Physics 21 will he
given in Room .'572 at 4 p.m. today.
Students who took a similar ex
amination last June and failed it
!-hould report for this tent, with
those who have not taken it, ac
cording to the Physics department.
The mathematics examination
prerequisite to Physics 21 will he
given in Room .'572 at 4 p.m. today.
Students who took a similar ex
amination last June and failed it
!-hould report for this tent, with
those who have not taken it, ac
cording to the Physics department.
The mathematics examination
prerequisite to Physics 21 will he
given in Room .'572 at 4 p.m. today.
Students who took a similar ex
amination last June and failed it
!-hould report for this tent, with
those who have not taken it, ac
cording to the Physics department.
The mathematics examination
prerequisite to Physics 21 will he
given in Room .'572 at 4 p.m. today.
Students who took a similar ex
amination last June and failed it
!-hould report for this tent, with
those who have not taken it, ac
cording to the Physics department.
The mathematics examination
prerequisite to Physics 21 will he
given in Room .'572 at 4 p.m. today.
Students who took a similar ex
amination last June and failed it
!-hould report for this tent, with
those who have not taken it, ac
cording to the Physics department.
The mathematics examination
prerequisite to Physics 21 will he
given in Room .'572 at 4 p.m. today.
Students who took a similar ex
amination last June and failed it
!-hould report for this tent, with
those who have not taken it, ac
cording to the Physics department.
The mathematics examination
prerequisite to Physics 21 will he
given in Room .'572 at 4 p.m. today.
Students who took a similar ex
amination last June and failed it
!-hould report for this tent, with
those who have not taken it, ac
cording to the Physics department.
