# Untitled Article
## 
### 
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday:
Robert Vial
Walter Alexander
Charles Meyer
Garrett Elmore.
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday:
Robert Vial
Walter Alexander
Charles Meyer
Garrett Elmore.
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday:
Robert Vial
Walter Alexander
Charles Meyer
Garrett Elmore.
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday:
Robert Vial
Walter Alexander
Charles Meyer
Garrett Elmore.
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday:
Robert Vial
Walter Alexander
Charles Meyer
Garrett Elmore.
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday:
Robert Vial
Walter Alexander
Charles Meyer
Garrett Elmore.
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday:
Robert Vial
Walter Alexander
Charles Meyer
Garrett Elmore.
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday:
Robert Vial
Walter Alexander
Charles Meyer
Garrett Elmore.
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday:
Robert Vial
Walter Alexander
Charles Meyer
Garrett Elmore.
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday:
Robert Vial
Walter Alexander
Charles Meyer
Garrett Elmore.
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday:
Robert Vial
Walter Alexander
Charles Meyer
Garrett Elmore.
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday:
Robert Vial
Walter Alexander
Charles Meyer
Garrett Elmore.
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday:
Robert Vial
Walter Alexander
Charles Meyer
Garrett Elmore.
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday:
Robert Vial
Walter Alexander
Charles Meyer
Garrett Elmore.
The following seniors will usher
in the Memorial Church Sunday:
Robert Vial
Walter Alexander
Charles Meyer
Garrett Elmore.
