# Untitled Article
## 
### 
WHENEVER INTERCOLLEGIATE sports
reach a state where something more than pure
sportsmanship enters, it becomes time to call a halt
until matters can l>e straightened out. California
and Stanford have failed to come to an agreement
over the boxing bouts scheduled for tomorrow night,
and the bickering has brought in other questions
which have no place in athletic relations. Dr. Mar
row has done the only wise thing in calling off the
bouts, and it behooves the student lx>dv to stand be
hind the decision.
WHENEVER INTERCOLLEGIATE sports
reach a state where something more than pure
sportsmanship enters, it becomes time to call a halt
until matters can l>e straightened out. California
and Stanford have failed to come to an agreement
over the boxing bouts scheduled for tomorrow night,
and the bickering has brought in other questions
which have no place in athletic relations. Dr. Mar
row has done the only wise thing in calling off the
bouts, and it behooves the student lx>dv to stand be
hind the decision.
WHENEVER INTERCOLLEGIATE sports
reach a state where something more than pure
sportsmanship enters, it becomes time to call a halt
until matters can l>e straightened out. California
and Stanford have failed to come to an agreement
over the boxing bouts scheduled for tomorrow night,
and the bickering has brought in other questions
which have no place in athletic relations. Dr. Mar
row has done the only wise thing in calling off the
bouts, and it behooves the student lx>dv to stand be
hind the decision.
WHENEVER INTERCOLLEGIATE sports
reach a state where something more than pure
sportsmanship enters, it becomes time to call a halt
until matters can l>e straightened out. California
and Stanford have failed to come to an agreement
over the boxing bouts scheduled for tomorrow night,
and the bickering has brought in other questions
which have no place in athletic relations. Dr. Mar
row has done the only wise thing in calling off the
bouts, and it behooves the student lx>dv to stand be
hind the decision.
WHENEVER INTERCOLLEGIATE sports
reach a state where something more than pure
sportsmanship enters, it becomes time to call a halt
until matters can l>e straightened out. California
and Stanford have failed to come to an agreement
over the boxing bouts scheduled for tomorrow night,
and the bickering has brought in other questions
which have no place in athletic relations. Dr. Mar
row has done the only wise thing in calling off the
bouts, and it behooves the student lx>dv to stand be
hind the decision.
WHENEVER INTERCOLLEGIATE sports
reach a state where something more than pure
sportsmanship enters, it becomes time to call a halt
until matters can l>e straightened out. California
and Stanford have failed to come to an agreement
over the boxing bouts scheduled for tomorrow night,
and the bickering has brought in other questions
which have no place in athletic relations. Dr. Mar
row has done the only wise thing in calling off the
bouts, and it behooves the student lx>dv to stand be
hind the decision.
WHENEVER INTERCOLLEGIATE sports
reach a state where something more than pure
sportsmanship enters, it becomes time to call a halt
until matters can l>e straightened out. California
and Stanford have failed to come to an agreement
over the boxing bouts scheduled for tomorrow night,
and the bickering has brought in other questions
which have no place in athletic relations. Dr. Mar
row has done the only wise thing in calling off the
bouts, and it behooves the student lx>dv to stand be
hind the decision.
WHENEVER INTERCOLLEGIATE sports
reach a state where something more than pure
sportsmanship enters, it becomes time to call a halt
until matters can l>e straightened out. California
and Stanford have failed to come to an agreement
over the boxing bouts scheduled for tomorrow night,
and the bickering has brought in other questions
which have no place in athletic relations. Dr. Mar
row has done the only wise thing in calling off the
bouts, and it behooves the student lx>dv to stand be
hind the decision.
WHENEVER INTERCOLLEGIATE sports
reach a state where something more than pure
sportsmanship enters, it becomes time to call a halt
until matters can l>e straightened out. California
and Stanford have failed to come to an agreement
over the boxing bouts scheduled for tomorrow night,
and the bickering has brought in other questions
which have no place in athletic relations. Dr. Mar
row has done the only wise thing in calling off the
bouts, and it behooves the student lx>dv to stand be
hind the decision.
WHENEVER INTERCOLLEGIATE sports
reach a state where something more than pure
sportsmanship enters, it becomes time to call a halt
until matters can l>e straightened out. California
and Stanford have failed to come to an agreement
over the boxing bouts scheduled for tomorrow night,
and the bickering has brought in other questions
which have no place in athletic relations. Dr. Mar
row has done the only wise thing in calling off the
bouts, and it behooves the student lx>dv to stand be
hind the decision.
WHENEVER INTERCOLLEGIATE sports
reach a state where something more than pure
sportsmanship enters, it becomes time to call a halt
until matters can l>e straightened out. California
and Stanford have failed to come to an agreement
over the boxing bouts scheduled for tomorrow night,
and the bickering has brought in other questions
which have no place in athletic relations. Dr. Mar
row has done the only wise thing in calling off the
bouts, and it behooves the student lx>dv to stand be
hind the decision.
WHENEVER INTERCOLLEGIATE sports
reach a state where something more than pure
sportsmanship enters, it becomes time to call a halt
until matters can l>e straightened out. California
and Stanford have failed to come to an agreement
over the boxing bouts scheduled for tomorrow night,
and the bickering has brought in other questions
which have no place in athletic relations. Dr. Mar
row has done the only wise thing in calling off the
bouts, and it behooves the student lx>dv to stand be
hind the decision.
WHENEVER INTERCOLLEGIATE sports
reach a state where something more than pure
sportsmanship enters, it becomes time to call a halt
until matters can l>e straightened out. California
and Stanford have failed to come to an agreement
over the boxing bouts scheduled for tomorrow night,
and the bickering has brought in other questions
which have no place in athletic relations. Dr. Mar
row has done the only wise thing in calling off the
bouts, and it behooves the student lx>dv to stand be
hind the decision.
WHENEVER INTERCOLLEGIATE sports
reach a state where something more than pure
sportsmanship enters, it becomes time to call a halt
until matters can l>e straightened out. California
and Stanford have failed to come to an agreement
over the boxing bouts scheduled for tomorrow night,
and the bickering has brought in other questions
which have no place in athletic relations. Dr. Mar
row has done the only wise thing in calling off the
bouts, and it behooves the student lx>dv to stand be
hind the decision.
WHENEVER INTERCOLLEGIATE sports
reach a state where something more than pure
sportsmanship enters, it becomes time to call a halt
until matters can l>e straightened out. California
and Stanford have failed to come to an agreement
over the boxing bouts scheduled for tomorrow night,
and the bickering has brought in other questions
which have no place in athletic relations. Dr. Mar
row has done the only wise thing in calling off the
bouts, and it behooves the student lx>dv to stand be
hind the decision.
