# CLARK PLANS TALK
## 
### 
Professor Arthur B. Clark, o£ the
School of Education and a member of
Iho Palo Alto City Planning Commis
sion, will talk before the South Palo
Alto Improvement Club on regional
planning. People interested in city
planning are invited to attend the
meeting which starts at 8:30 o'clock.
Professor Arthur B. Clark, o£ the
School of Education and a member of
Iho Palo Alto City Planning Commis
sion, will talk before the South Palo
Alto Improvement Club on regional
planning. People interested in city
planning are invited to attend the
meeting which starts at 8:30 o'clock.
Professor Arthur B. Clark, o£ the
School of Education and a member of
Iho Palo Alto City Planning Commis
sion, will talk before the South Palo
Alto Improvement Club on regional
planning. People interested in city
planning are invited to attend the
meeting which starts at 8:30 o'clock.
Professor Arthur B. Clark, o£ the
School of Education and a member of
Iho Palo Alto City Planning Commis
sion, will talk before the South Palo
Alto Improvement Club on regional
planning. People interested in city
planning are invited to attend the
meeting which starts at 8:30 o'clock.
Professor Arthur B. Clark, o£ the
School of Education and a member of
Iho Palo Alto City Planning Commis
sion, will talk before the South Palo
Alto Improvement Club on regional
planning. People interested in city
planning are invited to attend the
meeting which starts at 8:30 o'clock.
Professor Arthur B. Clark, o£ the
School of Education and a member of
Iho Palo Alto City Planning Commis
sion, will talk before the South Palo
Alto Improvement Club on regional
planning. People interested in city
planning are invited to attend the
meeting which starts at 8:30 o'clock.
Professor Arthur B. Clark, o£ the
School of Education and a member of
Iho Palo Alto City Planning Commis
sion, will talk before the South Palo
Alto Improvement Club on regional
planning. People interested in city
planning are invited to attend the
meeting which starts at 8:30 o'clock.
Professor Arthur B. Clark, o£ the
School of Education and a member of
Iho Palo Alto City Planning Commis
sion, will talk before the South Palo
Alto Improvement Club on regional
planning. People interested in city
planning are invited to attend the
meeting which starts at 8:30 o'clock.
Professor Arthur B. Clark, o£ the
School of Education and a member of
Iho Palo Alto City Planning Commis
sion, will talk before the South Palo
Alto Improvement Club on regional
planning. People interested in city
planning are invited to attend the
meeting which starts at 8:30 o'clock.
Professor Arthur B. Clark, o£ the
School of Education and a member of
Iho Palo Alto City Planning Commis
sion, will talk before the South Palo
Alto Improvement Club on regional
planning. People interested in city
planning are invited to attend the
meeting which starts at 8:30 o'clock.
Professor Arthur B. Clark, o£ the
School of Education and a member of
Iho Palo Alto City Planning Commis
sion, will talk before the South Palo
Alto Improvement Club on regional
planning. People interested in city
planning are invited to attend the
meeting which starts at 8:30 o'clock.
Professor Arthur B. Clark, o£ the
School of Education and a member of
Iho Palo Alto City Planning Commis
sion, will talk before the South Palo
Alto Improvement Club on regional
planning. People interested in city
planning are invited to attend the
meeting which starts at 8:30 o'clock.
Professor Arthur B. Clark, o£ the
School of Education and a member of
Iho Palo Alto City Planning Commis
sion, will talk before the South Palo
Alto Improvement Club on regional
planning. People interested in city
planning are invited to attend the
meeting which starts at 8:30 o'clock.
Professor Arthur B. Clark, o£ the
School of Education and a member of
Iho Palo Alto City Planning Commis
sion, will talk before the South Palo
Alto Improvement Club on regional
planning. People interested in city
planning are invited to attend the
meeting which starts at 8:30 o'clock.
Professor Arthur B. Clark, o£ the
School of Education and a member of
Iho Palo Alto City Planning Commis
sion, will talk before the South Palo
Alto Improvement Club on regional
planning. People interested in city
planning are invited to attend the
meeting which starts at 8:30 o'clock.
