# Isobel Capps Issues Call For Girl Scout Workers
## 
### 
Stanford women interested in the
Girl Scout work are requested to get
in touch with Miss Isobel Capps as
soon as possible.
Stanford women interested in the
Girl Scout work are requested to get
in touch with Miss Isobel Capps as
soon as possible.
Stanford women interested in the
Girl Scout work are requested to get
in touch with Miss Isobel Capps as
soon as possible.
Stanford women interested in the
Girl Scout work are requested to get
in touch with Miss Isobel Capps as
soon as possible.
Stanford women interested in the
Girl Scout work are requested to get
in touch with Miss Isobel Capps as
soon as possible.
Stanford women interested in the
Girl Scout work are requested to get
in touch with Miss Isobel Capps as
soon as possible.
Stanford women interested in the
Girl Scout work are requested to get
in touch with Miss Isobel Capps as
soon as possible.
Stanford women interested in the
Girl Scout work are requested to get
in touch with Miss Isobel Capps as
soon as possible.
Stanford women interested in the
Girl Scout work are requested to get
in touch with Miss Isobel Capps as
soon as possible.
Stanford women interested in the
Girl Scout work are requested to get
in touch with Miss Isobel Capps as
soon as possible.
Stanford women interested in the
Girl Scout work are requested to get
in touch with Miss Isobel Capps as
soon as possible.
Stanford women interested in the
Girl Scout work are requested to get
in touch with Miss Isobel Capps as
soon as possible.
Stanford women interested in the
Girl Scout work are requested to get
in touch with Miss Isobel Capps as
soon as possible.
Stanford women interested in the
Girl Scout work are requested to get
in touch with Miss Isobel Capps as
soon as possible.
Stanford women interested in the
Girl Scout work are requested to get
in touch with Miss Isobel Capps as
soon as possible.
