# U.C. TO ENTER EIGHT MEN IN I.C-4A. MEET
## 
### 
California will enter eight men in
the National Intercollegiate American
Amateur Athletic Association cham
pionships which will be held at Phila
delphia late in May. The men and
their events are: Captain Gerkin in
the shot and discus, Hampton in the
high jump, Kabelitz in the high jump,
Talbot in the quarter mile, Boyden in
the half, Stevens in the two-mile,
Schwobeda in the mile, and Ragan in
the high hurdles.
California will enter eight men in
the National Intercollegiate American
Amateur Athletic Association cham
pionships which will be held at Phila
delphia late in May. The men and
their events are: Captain Gerkin in
the shot and discus, Hampton in the
high jump, Kabelitz in the high jump,
Talbot in the quarter mile, Boyden in
the half, Stevens in the two-mile,
Schwobeda in the mile, and Ragan in
the high hurdles.
California will enter eight men in
the National Intercollegiate American
Amateur Athletic Association cham
pionships which will be held at Phila
delphia late in May. The men and
their events are: Captain Gerkin in
the shot and discus, Hampton in the
high jump, Kabelitz in the high jump,
Talbot in the quarter mile, Boyden in
the half, Stevens in the two-mile,
Schwobeda in the mile, and Ragan in
the high hurdles.
California will enter eight men in
the National Intercollegiate American
Amateur Athletic Association cham
pionships which will be held at Phila
delphia late in May. The men and
their events are: Captain Gerkin in
the shot and discus, Hampton in the
high jump, Kabelitz in the high jump,
Talbot in the quarter mile, Boyden in
the half, Stevens in the two-mile,
Schwobeda in the mile, and Ragan in
the high hurdles.
California will enter eight men in
the National Intercollegiate American
Amateur Athletic Association cham
pionships which will be held at Phila
delphia late in May. The men and
their events are: Captain Gerkin in
the shot and discus, Hampton in the
high jump, Kabelitz in the high jump,
Talbot in the quarter mile, Boyden in
the half, Stevens in the two-mile,
Schwobeda in the mile, and Ragan in
the high hurdles.
California will enter eight men in
the National Intercollegiate American
Amateur Athletic Association cham
pionships which will be held at Phila
delphia late in May. The men and
their events are: Captain Gerkin in
the shot and discus, Hampton in the
high jump, Kabelitz in the high jump,
Talbot in the quarter mile, Boyden in
the half, Stevens in the two-mile,
Schwobeda in the mile, and Ragan in
the high hurdles.
California will enter eight men in
the National Intercollegiate American
Amateur Athletic Association cham
pionships which will be held at Phila
delphia late in May. The men and
their events are: Captain Gerkin in
the shot and discus, Hampton in the
high jump, Kabelitz in the high jump,
Talbot in the quarter mile, Boyden in
the half, Stevens in the two-mile,
Schwobeda in the mile, and Ragan in
the high hurdles.
California will enter eight men in
the National Intercollegiate American
Amateur Athletic Association cham
pionships which will be held at Phila
delphia late in May. The men and
their events are: Captain Gerkin in
the shot and discus, Hampton in the
high jump, Kabelitz in the high jump,
Talbot in the quarter mile, Boyden in
the half, Stevens in the two-mile,
Schwobeda in the mile, and Ragan in
the high hurdles.
California will enter eight men in
the National Intercollegiate American
Amateur Athletic Association cham
pionships which will be held at Phila
delphia late in May. The men and
their events are: Captain Gerkin in
the shot and discus, Hampton in the
high jump, Kabelitz in the high jump,
Talbot in the quarter mile, Boyden in
the half, Stevens in the two-mile,
Schwobeda in the mile, and Ragan in
the high hurdles.
California will enter eight men in
the National Intercollegiate American
Amateur Athletic Association cham
pionships which will be held at Phila
delphia late in May. The men and
their events are: Captain Gerkin in
the shot and discus, Hampton in the
high jump, Kabelitz in the high jump,
Talbot in the quarter mile, Boyden in
the half, Stevens in the two-mile,
Schwobeda in the mile, and Ragan in
the high hurdles.
California will enter eight men in
the National Intercollegiate American
Amateur Athletic Association cham
pionships which will be held at Phila
delphia late in May. The men and
their events are: Captain Gerkin in
the shot and discus, Hampton in the
high jump, Kabelitz in the high jump,
Talbot in the quarter mile, Boyden in
the half, Stevens in the two-mile,
Schwobeda in the mile, and Ragan in
the high hurdles.
California will enter eight men in
the National Intercollegiate American
Amateur Athletic Association cham
pionships which will be held at Phila
delphia late in May. The men and
their events are: Captain Gerkin in
the shot and discus, Hampton in the
high jump, Kabelitz in the high jump,
Talbot in the quarter mile, Boyden in
the half, Stevens in the two-mile,
Schwobeda in the mile, and Ragan in
the high hurdles.
California will enter eight men in
the National Intercollegiate American
Amateur Athletic Association cham
pionships which will be held at Phila
delphia late in May. The men and
their events are: Captain Gerkin in
the shot and discus, Hampton in the
high jump, Kabelitz in the high jump,
Talbot in the quarter mile, Boyden in
the half, Stevens in the two-mile,
Schwobeda in the mile, and Ragan in
the high hurdles.
California will enter eight men in
the National Intercollegiate American
Amateur Athletic Association cham
pionships which will be held at Phila
delphia late in May. The men and
their events are: Captain Gerkin in
the shot and discus, Hampton in the
high jump, Kabelitz in the high jump,
Talbot in the quarter mile, Boyden in
the half, Stevens in the two-mile,
Schwobeda in the mile, and Ragan in
the high hurdles.
California will enter eight men in
the National Intercollegiate American
Amateur Athletic Association cham
pionships which will be held at Phila
delphia late in May. The men and
their events are: Captain Gerkin in
the shot and discus, Hampton in the
high jump, Kabelitz in the high jump,
Talbot in the quarter mile, Boyden in
the half, Stevens in the two-mile,
Schwobeda in the mile, and Ragan in
the high hurdles.
