# Untitled Article
## 
### 
College professors who rap football
coaches would do well to improve their
own methods of teaching, according to
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach.
College professors who rap football
coaches would do well to improve their
own methods of teaching, according to
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach.
College professors who rap football
coaches would do well to improve their
own methods of teaching, according to
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach.
College professors who rap football
coaches would do well to improve their
own methods of teaching, according to
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach.
College professors who rap football
coaches would do well to improve their
own methods of teaching, according to
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach.
College professors who rap football
coaches would do well to improve their
own methods of teaching, according to
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach.
College professors who rap football
coaches would do well to improve their
own methods of teaching, according to
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach.
College professors who rap football
coaches would do well to improve their
own methods of teaching, according to
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach.
College professors who rap football
coaches would do well to improve their
own methods of teaching, according to
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach.
College professors who rap football
coaches would do well to improve their
own methods of teaching, according to
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach.
College professors who rap football
coaches would do well to improve their
own methods of teaching, according to
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach.
College professors who rap football
coaches would do well to improve their
own methods of teaching, according to
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach.
College professors who rap football
coaches would do well to improve their
own methods of teaching, according to
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach.
College professors who rap football
coaches would do well to improve their
own methods of teaching, according to
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach.
College professors who rap football
coaches would do well to improve their
own methods of teaching, according to
Knute Rockne, Notre Dame football
coach.
