# Farm Moratorium Test Cases Begin
## 
### 
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 15 (/P).—Five
test cases of the Frazier-Lemke re
vised Farm Moratorium Act came
before a federal conciliator today.
Three of the cases were postponed
until October 30 because of the ill
ness of counsel.
Conciliation Commissioner Brice
Swatzfager announced conciliation
was being attempted in two other
cases, with prospects of success. It
was indicated no statement of re
sults would be forthcoming today.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 15 (/P).—Five
test cases of the Frazier-Lemke re
vised Farm Moratorium Act came
before a federal conciliator today.
Three of the cases were postponed
until October 30 because of the ill
ness of counsel.
Conciliation Commissioner Brice
Swatzfager announced conciliation
was being attempted in two other
cases, with prospects of success. It
was indicated no statement of re
sults would be forthcoming today.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 15 (/P).—Five
test cases of the Frazier-Lemke re
vised Farm Moratorium Act came
before a federal conciliator today.
Three of the cases were postponed
until October 30 because of the ill
ness of counsel.
Conciliation Commissioner Brice
Swatzfager announced conciliation
was being attempted in two other
cases, with prospects of success. It
was indicated no statement of re
sults would be forthcoming today.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 15 (/P).—Five
test cases of the Frazier-Lemke re
vised Farm Moratorium Act came
before a federal conciliator today.
Three of the cases were postponed
until October 30 because of the ill
ness of counsel.
Conciliation Commissioner Brice
Swatzfager announced conciliation
was being attempted in two other
cases, with prospects of success. It
was indicated no statement of re
sults would be forthcoming today.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 15 (/P).—Five
test cases of the Frazier-Lemke re
vised Farm Moratorium Act came
before a federal conciliator today.
Three of the cases were postponed
until October 30 because of the ill
ness of counsel.
Conciliation Commissioner Brice
Swatzfager announced conciliation
was being attempted in two other
cases, with prospects of success. It
was indicated no statement of re
sults would be forthcoming today.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 15 (/P).—Five
test cases of the Frazier-Lemke re
vised Farm Moratorium Act came
before a federal conciliator today.
Three of the cases were postponed
until October 30 because of the ill
ness of counsel.
Conciliation Commissioner Brice
Swatzfager announced conciliation
was being attempted in two other
cases, with prospects of success. It
was indicated no statement of re
sults would be forthcoming today.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 15 (/P).—Five
test cases of the Frazier-Lemke re
vised Farm Moratorium Act came
before a federal conciliator today.
Three of the cases were postponed
until October 30 because of the ill
ness of counsel.
Conciliation Commissioner Brice
Swatzfager announced conciliation
was being attempted in two other
cases, with prospects of success. It
was indicated no statement of re
sults would be forthcoming today.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 15 (/P).—Five
test cases of the Frazier-Lemke re
vised Farm Moratorium Act came
before a federal conciliator today.
Three of the cases were postponed
until October 30 because of the ill
ness of counsel.
Conciliation Commissioner Brice
Swatzfager announced conciliation
was being attempted in two other
cases, with prospects of success. It
was indicated no statement of re
sults would be forthcoming today.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 15 (/P).—Five
test cases of the Frazier-Lemke re
vised Farm Moratorium Act came
before a federal conciliator today.
Three of the cases were postponed
until October 30 because of the ill
ness of counsel.
Conciliation Commissioner Brice
Swatzfager announced conciliation
was being attempted in two other
cases, with prospects of success. It
was indicated no statement of re
sults would be forthcoming today.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 15 (/P).—Five
test cases of the Frazier-Lemke re
vised Farm Moratorium Act came
before a federal conciliator today.
Three of the cases were postponed
until October 30 because of the ill
ness of counsel.
Conciliation Commissioner Brice
Swatzfager announced conciliation
was being attempted in two other
cases, with prospects of success. It
was indicated no statement of re
sults would be forthcoming today.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 15 (/P).—Five
test cases of the Frazier-Lemke re
vised Farm Moratorium Act came
before a federal conciliator today.
Three of the cases were postponed
until October 30 because of the ill
ness of counsel.
Conciliation Commissioner Brice
Swatzfager announced conciliation
was being attempted in two other
cases, with prospects of success. It
was indicated no statement of re
sults would be forthcoming today.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 15 (/P).—Five
test cases of the Frazier-Lemke re
vised Farm Moratorium Act came
before a federal conciliator today.
Three of the cases were postponed
until October 30 because of the ill
ness of counsel.
Conciliation Commissioner Brice
Swatzfager announced conciliation
was being attempted in two other
cases, with prospects of success. It
was indicated no statement of re
sults would be forthcoming today.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 15 (/P).—Five
test cases of the Frazier-Lemke re
vised Farm Moratorium Act came
before a federal conciliator today.
Three of the cases were postponed
until October 30 because of the ill
ness of counsel.
Conciliation Commissioner Brice
Swatzfager announced conciliation
was being attempted in two other
cases, with prospects of success. It
was indicated no statement of re
sults would be forthcoming today.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 15 (/P).—Five
test cases of the Frazier-Lemke re
vised Farm Moratorium Act came
before a federal conciliator today.
Three of the cases were postponed
until October 30 because of the ill
ness of counsel.
Conciliation Commissioner Brice
Swatzfager announced conciliation
was being attempted in two other
cases, with prospects of success. It
was indicated no statement of re
sults would be forthcoming today.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 15 (/P).—Five
test cases of the Frazier-Lemke re
vised Farm Moratorium Act came
before a federal conciliator today.
Three of the cases were postponed
until October 30 because of the ill
ness of counsel.
Conciliation Commissioner Brice
Swatzfager announced conciliation
was being attempted in two other
cases, with prospects of success. It
was indicated no statement of re
sults would be forthcoming today.
