# Fifty Pre-Doctoral Fellowships Offered
## 
### 
More than 50 appointments to pre
rioctoral fellowships will be avail
able for 1936-37, Social Science Re
search Council announces. This in
cludes 15 or 20 fellowships for
graduate study and 35 field fellow
ships.
Fellowships for graduate study
carry a stipend of $1,000 plus tuition
and round-trip railway fare between
the candidate's home and place of
study. The field fellowships carry a
stipend of $1,500 for 12 months with
possible additional allowance for
travel expenses. Applicants should
consult the head of their department
before applying.
More than 50 appointments to pre
rioctoral fellowships will be avail
able for 1936-37, Social Science Re
search Council announces. This in
cludes 15 or 20 fellowships for
graduate study and 35 field fellow
ships.
Fellowships for graduate study
carry a stipend of $1,000 plus tuition
and round-trip railway fare between
the candidate's home and place of
study. The field fellowships carry a
stipend of $1,500 for 12 months with
possible additional allowance for
travel expenses. Applicants should
consult the head of their department
before applying.
More than 50 appointments to pre
rioctoral fellowships will be avail
able for 1936-37, Social Science Re
search Council announces. This in
cludes 15 or 20 fellowships for
graduate study and 35 field fellow
ships.
Fellowships for graduate study
carry a stipend of $1,000 plus tuition
and round-trip railway fare between
the candidate's home and place of
study. The field fellowships carry a
stipend of $1,500 for 12 months with
possible additional allowance for
travel expenses. Applicants should
consult the head of their department
before applying.
More than 50 appointments to pre
rioctoral fellowships will be avail
able for 1936-37, Social Science Re
search Council announces. This in
cludes 15 or 20 fellowships for
graduate study and 35 field fellow
ships.
Fellowships for graduate study
carry a stipend of $1,000 plus tuition
and round-trip railway fare between
the candidate's home and place of
study. The field fellowships carry a
stipend of $1,500 for 12 months with
possible additional allowance for
travel expenses. Applicants should
consult the head of their department
before applying.
More than 50 appointments to pre
rioctoral fellowships will be avail
able for 1936-37, Social Science Re
search Council announces. This in
cludes 15 or 20 fellowships for
graduate study and 35 field fellow
ships.
Fellowships for graduate study
carry a stipend of $1,000 plus tuition
and round-trip railway fare between
the candidate's home and place of
study. The field fellowships carry a
stipend of $1,500 for 12 months with
possible additional allowance for
travel expenses. Applicants should
consult the head of their department
before applying.
More than 50 appointments to pre
rioctoral fellowships will be avail
able for 1936-37, Social Science Re
search Council announces. This in
cludes 15 or 20 fellowships for
graduate study and 35 field fellow
ships.
Fellowships for graduate study
carry a stipend of $1,000 plus tuition
and round-trip railway fare between
the candidate's home and place of
study. The field fellowships carry a
stipend of $1,500 for 12 months with
possible additional allowance for
travel expenses. Applicants should
consult the head of their department
before applying.
More than 50 appointments to pre
rioctoral fellowships will be avail
able for 1936-37, Social Science Re
search Council announces. This in
cludes 15 or 20 fellowships for
graduate study and 35 field fellow
ships.
Fellowships for graduate study
carry a stipend of $1,000 plus tuition
and round-trip railway fare between
the candidate's home and place of
study. The field fellowships carry a
stipend of $1,500 for 12 months with
possible additional allowance for
travel expenses. Applicants should
consult the head of their department
before applying.
More than 50 appointments to pre
rioctoral fellowships will be avail
able for 1936-37, Social Science Re
search Council announces. This in
cludes 15 or 20 fellowships for
graduate study and 35 field fellow
ships.
Fellowships for graduate study
carry a stipend of $1,000 plus tuition
and round-trip railway fare between
the candidate's home and place of
study. The field fellowships carry a
stipend of $1,500 for 12 months with
possible additional allowance for
travel expenses. Applicants should
consult the head of their department
before applying.
More than 50 appointments to pre
rioctoral fellowships will be avail
able for 1936-37, Social Science Re
search Council announces. This in
cludes 15 or 20 fellowships for
graduate study and 35 field fellow
ships.
Fellowships for graduate study
carry a stipend of $1,000 plus tuition
and round-trip railway fare between
the candidate's home and place of
study. The field fellowships carry a
stipend of $1,500 for 12 months with
possible additional allowance for
travel expenses. Applicants should
consult the head of their department
before applying.
More than 50 appointments to pre
rioctoral fellowships will be avail
able for 1936-37, Social Science Re
search Council announces. This in
cludes 15 or 20 fellowships for
graduate study and 35 field fellow
ships.
Fellowships for graduate study
carry a stipend of $1,000 plus tuition
and round-trip railway fare between
the candidate's home and place of
study. The field fellowships carry a
stipend of $1,500 for 12 months with
possible additional allowance for
travel expenses. Applicants should
consult the head of their department
before applying.
More than 50 appointments to pre
rioctoral fellowships will be avail
able for 1936-37, Social Science Re
search Council announces. This in
cludes 15 or 20 fellowships for
graduate study and 35 field fellow
ships.
Fellowships for graduate study
carry a stipend of $1,000 plus tuition
and round-trip railway fare between
the candidate's home and place of
study. The field fellowships carry a
stipend of $1,500 for 12 months with
possible additional allowance for
travel expenses. Applicants should
consult the head of their department
before applying.
More than 50 appointments to pre
rioctoral fellowships will be avail
able for 1936-37, Social Science Re
search Council announces. This in
cludes 15 or 20 fellowships for
graduate study and 35 field fellow
ships.
Fellowships for graduate study
carry a stipend of $1,000 plus tuition
and round-trip railway fare between
the candidate's home and place of
study. The field fellowships carry a
stipend of $1,500 for 12 months with
possible additional allowance for
travel expenses. Applicants should
consult the head of their department
before applying.
More than 50 appointments to pre
rioctoral fellowships will be avail
able for 1936-37, Social Science Re
search Council announces. This in
cludes 15 or 20 fellowships for
graduate study and 35 field fellow
ships.
Fellowships for graduate study
carry a stipend of $1,000 plus tuition
and round-trip railway fare between
the candidate's home and place of
study. The field fellowships carry a
stipend of $1,500 for 12 months with
possible additional allowance for
travel expenses. Applicants should
consult the head of their department
before applying.
More than 50 appointments to pre
rioctoral fellowships will be avail
able for 1936-37, Social Science Re
search Council announces. This in
cludes 15 or 20 fellowships for
graduate study and 35 field fellow
ships.
Fellowships for graduate study
carry a stipend of $1,000 plus tuition
and round-trip railway fare between
the candidate's home and place of
study. The field fellowships carry a
stipend of $1,500 for 12 months with
possible additional allowance for
travel expenses. Applicants should
consult the head of their department
before applying.
More than 50 appointments to pre
rioctoral fellowships will be avail
able for 1936-37, Social Science Re
search Council announces. This in
cludes 15 or 20 fellowships for
graduate study and 35 field fellow
ships.
Fellowships for graduate study
carry a stipend of $1,000 plus tuition
and round-trip railway fare between
the candidate's home and place of
study. The field fellowships carry a
stipend of $1,500 for 12 months with
possible additional allowance for
travel expenses. Applicants should
consult the head of their department
before applying.
