# Light Registration for Gym Work.
## 
### 
Up to a late hour this afternoon
the total registration in Encina
gymnasium was 380. The regis
tration by clHßses is about even.
When the registration is complete
it is expected that the number in
each class will he about a hundred.
Up to a late hour this afternoon
the total registration in Encina
gymnasium was 380. The regis
tration by clHßses is about even.
When the registration is complete
it is expected that the number in
each class will he about a hundred.
Up to a late hour this afternoon
the total registration in Encina
gymnasium was 380. The regis
tration by clHßses is about even.
When the registration is complete
it is expected that the number in
each class will he about a hundred.
Up to a late hour this afternoon
the total registration in Encina
gymnasium was 380. The regis
tration by clHßses is about even.
When the registration is complete
it is expected that the number in
each class will he about a hundred.
Up to a late hour this afternoon
the total registration in Encina
gymnasium was 380. The regis
tration by clHßses is about even.
When the registration is complete
it is expected that the number in
each class will he about a hundred.
Up to a late hour this afternoon
the total registration in Encina
gymnasium was 380. The regis
tration by clHßses is about even.
When the registration is complete
it is expected that the number in
each class will he about a hundred.
Up to a late hour this afternoon
the total registration in Encina
gymnasium was 380. The regis
tration by clHßses is about even.
When the registration is complete
it is expected that the number in
each class will he about a hundred.
Up to a late hour this afternoon
the total registration in Encina
gymnasium was 380. The regis
tration by clHßses is about even.
When the registration is complete
it is expected that the number in
each class will he about a hundred.
