# To Have Charge of Gymnasium.
## 
### 
Royce R. Long, ex-'O5, will soon
take up his work at Vanderbilt
University, where he is to have
full charge of the gymnasium.
During his three years in Stanford
Long was connected with Kncina
gymnasium in various capacities,
and before entrance here he had
gained considerable experience in
Eastern gymnasiums.
While attending to his duties,
Long will continue his university
work with the ultimate aim of tak
ing the degree of Doctor of Medi
cine.
Royce R. Long, ex-'O5, will soon
take up his work at Vanderbilt
University, where he is to have
full charge of the gymnasium.
During his three years in Stanford
Long was connected with Kncina
gymnasium in various capacities,
and before entrance here he had
gained considerable experience in
Eastern gymnasiums.
While attending to his duties,
Long will continue his university
work with the ultimate aim of tak
ing the degree of Doctor of Medi
cine.
Royce R. Long, ex-'O5, will soon
take up his work at Vanderbilt
University, where he is to have
full charge of the gymnasium.
During his three years in Stanford
Long was connected with Kncina
gymnasium in various capacities,
and before entrance here he had
gained considerable experience in
Eastern gymnasiums.
While attending to his duties,
Long will continue his university
work with the ultimate aim of tak
ing the degree of Doctor of Medi
cine.
Royce R. Long, ex-'O5, will soon
take up his work at Vanderbilt
University, where he is to have
full charge of the gymnasium.
During his three years in Stanford
Long was connected with Kncina
gymnasium in various capacities,
and before entrance here he had
gained considerable experience in
Eastern gymnasiums.
While attending to his duties,
Long will continue his university
work with the ultimate aim of tak
ing the degree of Doctor of Medi
cine.
Royce R. Long, ex-'O5, will soon
take up his work at Vanderbilt
University, where he is to have
full charge of the gymnasium.
During his three years in Stanford
Long was connected with Kncina
gymnasium in various capacities,
and before entrance here he had
gained considerable experience in
Eastern gymnasiums.
While attending to his duties,
Long will continue his university
work with the ultimate aim of tak
ing the degree of Doctor of Medi
cine.
Royce R. Long, ex-'O5, will soon
take up his work at Vanderbilt
University, where he is to have
full charge of the gymnasium.
During his three years in Stanford
Long was connected with Kncina
gymnasium in various capacities,
and before entrance here he had
gained considerable experience in
Eastern gymnasiums.
While attending to his duties,
Long will continue his university
work with the ultimate aim of tak
ing the degree of Doctor of Medi
cine.
Royce R. Long, ex-'O5, will soon
take up his work at Vanderbilt
University, where he is to have
full charge of the gymnasium.
During his three years in Stanford
Long was connected with Kncina
gymnasium in various capacities,
and before entrance here he had
gained considerable experience in
Eastern gymnasiums.
While attending to his duties,
Long will continue his university
work with the ultimate aim of tak
ing the degree of Doctor of Medi
cine.
Royce R. Long, ex-'O5, will soon
take up his work at Vanderbilt
University, where he is to have
full charge of the gymnasium.
During his three years in Stanford
Long was connected with Kncina
gymnasium in various capacities,
and before entrance here he had
gained considerable experience in
Eastern gymnasiums.
While attending to his duties,
Long will continue his university
work with the ultimate aim of tak
ing the degree of Doctor of Medi
cine.
