# Untitled Article
## 
### 
—S. L. Davie, '04, has charge of
athletics and gymnasium work at
the Culver Military Academy in
Indiana. This position was held
last year by C. W. Thomas, '03.
—S. L. Davie, '04, has charge of
athletics and gymnasium work at
the Culver Military Academy in
Indiana. This position was held
last year by C. W. Thomas, '03.
—S. L. Davie, '04, has charge of
athletics and gymnasium work at
the Culver Military Academy in
Indiana. This position was held
last year by C. W. Thomas, '03.
—S. L. Davie, '04, has charge of
athletics and gymnasium work at
the Culver Military Academy in
Indiana. This position was held
last year by C. W. Thomas, '03.
—S. L. Davie, '04, has charge of
athletics and gymnasium work at
the Culver Military Academy in
Indiana. This position was held
last year by C. W. Thomas, '03.
—S. L. Davie, '04, has charge of
athletics and gymnasium work at
the Culver Military Academy in
Indiana. This position was held
last year by C. W. Thomas, '03.
—S. L. Davie, '04, has charge of
athletics and gymnasium work at
the Culver Military Academy in
Indiana. This position was held
last year by C. W. Thomas, '03.
—S. L. Davie, '04, has charge of
athletics and gymnasium work at
the Culver Military Academy in
Indiana. This position was held
last year by C. W. Thomas, '03.
