# Draschsler to Speak Of Racial Diversities
## 
### 
"Racial Diversities and Social Pro
gress" will be the subject of a lecture
011 Tuesday evening, July 17, at 7:30
in the Little Theatre. The speaker is
Professor Julius Draschsler, of the
College of the City of New York,
where he is assistant professor of
sociology. During the month of July
Professor Draschsler is in San Fran
cisco working with the Bureau of Jew
ish Social Research and the world
conference of Jewish social workers,
making a survey of the problem of
recreation for the Federation of Jew
ish Charities.
Professor Draschsler has made an
extended study of the problems of im
migration, and is one of the best-known
social workers in connection with the
larger Jewish social service organiza
tions. He was formerly assistant pro
fessor of economics and sociology at
Smith College.
"Racial Diversities and Social Pro
gress" will be the subject of a lecture
011 Tuesday evening, July 17, at 7:30
in the Little Theatre. The speaker is
Professor Julius Draschsler, of the
College of the City of New York,
where he is assistant professor of
sociology. During the month of July
Professor Draschsler is in San Fran
cisco working with the Bureau of Jew
ish Social Research and the world
conference of Jewish social workers,
making a survey of the problem of
recreation for the Federation of Jew
ish Charities.
Professor Draschsler has made an
extended study of the problems of im
migration, and is one of the best-known
social workers in connection with the
larger Jewish social service organiza
tions. He was formerly assistant pro
fessor of economics and sociology at
Smith College.
"Racial Diversities and Social Pro
gress" will be the subject of a lecture
011 Tuesday evening, July 17, at 7:30
in the Little Theatre. The speaker is
Professor Julius Draschsler, of the
College of the City of New York,
where he is assistant professor of
sociology. During the month of July
Professor Draschsler is in San Fran
cisco working with the Bureau of Jew
ish Social Research and the world
conference of Jewish social workers,
making a survey of the problem of
recreation for the Federation of Jew
ish Charities.
Professor Draschsler has made an
extended study of the problems of im
migration, and is one of the best-known
social workers in connection with the
larger Jewish social service organiza
tions. He was formerly assistant pro
fessor of economics and sociology at
Smith College.
"Racial Diversities and Social Pro
gress" will be the subject of a lecture
011 Tuesday evening, July 17, at 7:30
in the Little Theatre. The speaker is
Professor Julius Draschsler, of the
College of the City of New York,
where he is assistant professor of
sociology. During the month of July
Professor Draschsler is in San Fran
cisco working with the Bureau of Jew
ish Social Research and the world
conference of Jewish social workers,
making a survey of the problem of
recreation for the Federation of Jew
ish Charities.
Professor Draschsler has made an
extended study of the problems of im
migration, and is one of the best-known
social workers in connection with the
larger Jewish social service organiza
tions. He was formerly assistant pro
fessor of economics and sociology at
Smith College.
"Racial Diversities and Social Pro
gress" will be the subject of a lecture
011 Tuesday evening, July 17, at 7:30
in the Little Theatre. The speaker is
Professor Julius Draschsler, of the
College of the City of New York,
where he is assistant professor of
sociology. During the month of July
Professor Draschsler is in San Fran
cisco working with the Bureau of Jew
ish Social Research and the world
conference of Jewish social workers,
making a survey of the problem of
recreation for the Federation of Jew
ish Charities.
Professor Draschsler has made an
extended study of the problems of im
migration, and is one of the best-known
social workers in connection with the
larger Jewish social service organiza
tions. He was formerly assistant pro
fessor of economics and sociology at
Smith College.
"Racial Diversities and Social Pro
gress" will be the subject of a lecture
011 Tuesday evening, July 17, at 7:30
in the Little Theatre. The speaker is
Professor Julius Draschsler, of the
College of the City of New York,
where he is assistant professor of
sociology. During the month of July
Professor Draschsler is in San Fran
cisco working with the Bureau of Jew
ish Social Research and the world
conference of Jewish social workers,
making a survey of the problem of
recreation for the Federation of Jew
ish Charities.
Professor Draschsler has made an
extended study of the problems of im
migration, and is one of the best-known
social workers in connection with the
larger Jewish social service organiza
tions. He was formerly assistant pro
fessor of economics and sociology at
Smith College.
"Racial Diversities and Social Pro
gress" will be the subject of a lecture
011 Tuesday evening, July 17, at 7:30
in the Little Theatre. The speaker is
Professor Julius Draschsler, of the
College of the City of New York,
where he is assistant professor of
sociology. During the month of July
Professor Draschsler is in San Fran
cisco working with the Bureau of Jew
ish Social Research and the world
conference of Jewish social workers,
making a survey of the problem of
recreation for the Federation of Jew
ish Charities.
Professor Draschsler has made an
extended study of the problems of im
migration, and is one of the best-known
social workers in connection with the
larger Jewish social service organiza
tions. He was formerly assistant pro
fessor of economics and sociology at
Smith College.
"Racial Diversities and Social Pro
gress" will be the subject of a lecture
011 Tuesday evening, July 17, at 7:30
in the Little Theatre. The speaker is
Professor Julius Draschsler, of the
College of the City of New York,
where he is assistant professor of
sociology. During the month of July
Professor Draschsler is in San Fran
cisco working with the Bureau of Jew
ish Social Research and the world
conference of Jewish social workers,
making a survey of the problem of
recreation for the Federation of Jew
ish Charities.
Professor Draschsler has made an
extended study of the problems of im
migration, and is one of the best-known
social workers in connection with the
larger Jewish social service organiza
tions. He was formerly assistant pro
fessor of economics and sociology at
Smith College.
"Racial Diversities and Social Pro
gress" will be the subject of a lecture
011 Tuesday evening, July 17, at 7:30
in the Little Theatre. The speaker is
Professor Julius Draschsler, of the
College of the City of New York,
where he is assistant professor of
sociology. During the month of July
Professor Draschsler is in San Fran
cisco working with the Bureau of Jew
ish Social Research and the world
conference of Jewish social workers,
making a survey of the problem of
recreation for the Federation of Jew
ish Charities.
Professor Draschsler has made an
extended study of the problems of im
migration, and is one of the best-known
social workers in connection with the
larger Jewish social service organiza
tions. He was formerly assistant pro
fessor of economics and sociology at
Smith College.
"Racial Diversities and Social Pro
gress" will be the subject of a lecture
011 Tuesday evening, July 17, at 7:30
in the Little Theatre. The speaker is
Professor Julius Draschsler, of the
College of the City of New York,
where he is assistant professor of
sociology. During the month of July
Professor Draschsler is in San Fran
cisco working with the Bureau of Jew
ish Social Research and the world
conference of Jewish social workers,
making a survey of the problem of
recreation for the Federation of Jew
ish Charities.
Professor Draschsler has made an
extended study of the problems of im
migration, and is one of the best-known
social workers in connection with the
larger Jewish social service organiza
tions. He was formerly assistant pro
fessor of economics and sociology at
Smith College.
"Racial Diversities and Social Pro
gress" will be the subject of a lecture
011 Tuesday evening, July 17, at 7:30
in the Little Theatre. The speaker is
Professor Julius Draschsler, of the
College of the City of New York,
where he is assistant professor of
sociology. During the month of July
Professor Draschsler is in San Fran
cisco working with the Bureau of Jew
ish Social Research and the world
conference of Jewish social workers,
making a survey of the problem of
recreation for the Federation of Jew
ish Charities.
Professor Draschsler has made an
extended study of the problems of im
migration, and is one of the best-known
social workers in connection with the
larger Jewish social service organiza
tions. He was formerly assistant pro
fessor of economics and sociology at
Smith College.
"Racial Diversities and Social Pro
gress" will be the subject of a lecture
011 Tuesday evening, July 17, at 7:30
in the Little Theatre. The speaker is
Professor Julius Draschsler, of the
College of the City of New York,
where he is assistant professor of
sociology. During the month of July
Professor Draschsler is in San Fran
cisco working with the Bureau of Jew
ish Social Research and the world
conference of Jewish social workers,
making a survey of the problem of
recreation for the Federation of Jew
ish Charities.
Professor Draschsler has made an
extended study of the problems of im
migration, and is one of the best-known
social workers in connection with the
larger Jewish social service organiza
tions. He was formerly assistant pro
fessor of economics and sociology at
Smith College.
"Racial Diversities and Social Pro
gress" will be the subject of a lecture
011 Tuesday evening, July 17, at 7:30
in the Little Theatre. The speaker is
Professor Julius Draschsler, of the
College of the City of New York,
where he is assistant professor of
sociology. During the month of July
Professor Draschsler is in San Fran
cisco working with the Bureau of Jew
ish Social Research and the world
conference of Jewish social workers,
making a survey of the problem of
recreation for the Federation of Jew
ish Charities.
Professor Draschsler has made an
extended study of the problems of im
migration, and is one of the best-known
social workers in connection with the
larger Jewish social service organiza
tions. He was formerly assistant pro
fessor of economics and sociology at
Smith College.
"Racial Diversities and Social Pro
gress" will be the subject of a lecture
011 Tuesday evening, July 17, at 7:30
in the Little Theatre. The speaker is
Professor Julius Draschsler, of the
College of the City of New York,
where he is assistant professor of
sociology. During the month of July
Professor Draschsler is in San Fran
cisco working with the Bureau of Jew
ish Social Research and the world
conference of Jewish social workers,
making a survey of the problem of
recreation for the Federation of Jew
ish Charities.
Professor Draschsler has made an
extended study of the problems of im
migration, and is one of the best-known
social workers in connection with the
larger Jewish social service organiza
tions. He was formerly assistant pro
fessor of economics and sociology at
Smith College.
"Racial Diversities and Social Pro
gress" will be the subject of a lecture
011 Tuesday evening, July 17, at 7:30
in the Little Theatre. The speaker is
Professor Julius Draschsler, of the
College of the City of New York,
where he is assistant professor of
sociology. During the month of July
Professor Draschsler is in San Fran
cisco working with the Bureau of Jew
ish Social Research and the world
conference of Jewish social workers,
making a survey of the problem of
recreation for the Federation of Jew
ish Charities.
Professor Draschsler has made an
extended study of the problems of im
migration, and is one of the best-known
social workers in connection with the
larger Jewish social service organiza
tions. He was formerly assistant pro
fessor of economics and sociology at
Smith College.
