# Sterling Speaks at Rally
## 
### 
Election Board will hold a spe
cial pre - election rally Tuesday
night, April 18. in Cubberle.v Au
ditorium. The rally will begin at
8:30.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will de
liver the major address. The
president will speak on student
government on the Stanford cam
pus.
ASSU presidential and vice
presidential candidates will give
their campaign speeches and the
yell leader hopefuls will be intro
duced. Student body prexv Hank
Rosin will conduct the program,
and introduce Ihc candidates.
For Village voters, another ral
ly will he held Tuesday after
noon. Speaking in the dining hall
at 5:30 will he ASSU presiden
tial and vice-presidential candi
dates and Village and graduate
Excom candidates.
For complete details on each of
these rallies, candidates .should
get in touch with election Board
members Elva Bricca, Jordan
Dick Klein, at Toyon; or Bill
Theiss, Village.
Election Board will hold a spe
cial pre - election rally Tuesday
night, April 18. in Cubberle.v Au
ditorium. The rally will begin at
8:30.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will de
liver the major address. The
president will speak on student
government on the Stanford cam
pus.
ASSU presidential and vice
presidential candidates will give
their campaign speeches and the
yell leader hopefuls will be intro
duced. Student body prexv Hank
Rosin will conduct the program,
and introduce Ihc candidates.
For Village voters, another ral
ly will he held Tuesday after
noon. Speaking in the dining hall
at 5:30 will he ASSU presiden
tial and vice-presidential candi
dates and Village and graduate
Excom candidates.
For complete details on each of
these rallies, candidates .should
get in touch with election Board
members Elva Bricca, Jordan
Dick Klein, at Toyon; or Bill
Theiss, Village.
Election Board will hold a spe
cial pre - election rally Tuesday
night, April 18. in Cubberle.v Au
ditorium. The rally will begin at
8:30.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will de
liver the major address. The
president will speak on student
government on the Stanford cam
pus.
ASSU presidential and vice
presidential candidates will give
their campaign speeches and the
yell leader hopefuls will be intro
duced. Student body prexv Hank
Rosin will conduct the program,
and introduce Ihc candidates.
For Village voters, another ral
ly will he held Tuesday after
noon. Speaking in the dining hall
at 5:30 will he ASSU presiden
tial and vice-presidential candi
dates and Village and graduate
Excom candidates.
For complete details on each of
these rallies, candidates .should
get in touch with election Board
members Elva Bricca, Jordan
Dick Klein, at Toyon; or Bill
Theiss, Village.
Election Board will hold a spe
cial pre - election rally Tuesday
night, April 18. in Cubberle.v Au
ditorium. The rally will begin at
8:30.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will de
liver the major address. The
president will speak on student
government on the Stanford cam
pus.
ASSU presidential and vice
presidential candidates will give
their campaign speeches and the
yell leader hopefuls will be intro
duced. Student body prexv Hank
Rosin will conduct the program,
and introduce Ihc candidates.
For Village voters, another ral
ly will he held Tuesday after
noon. Speaking in the dining hall
at 5:30 will he ASSU presiden
tial and vice-presidential candi
dates and Village and graduate
Excom candidates.
For complete details on each of
these rallies, candidates .should
get in touch with election Board
members Elva Bricca, Jordan
Dick Klein, at Toyon; or Bill
Theiss, Village.
Election Board will hold a spe
cial pre - election rally Tuesday
night, April 18. in Cubberle.v Au
ditorium. The rally will begin at
8:30.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will de
liver the major address. The
president will speak on student
government on the Stanford cam
pus.
ASSU presidential and vice
presidential candidates will give
their campaign speeches and the
yell leader hopefuls will be intro
duced. Student body prexv Hank
Rosin will conduct the program,
and introduce Ihc candidates.
For Village voters, another ral
ly will he held Tuesday after
noon. Speaking in the dining hall
at 5:30 will he ASSU presiden
tial and vice-presidential candi
dates and Village and graduate
Excom candidates.
For complete details on each of
these rallies, candidates .should
get in touch with election Board
members Elva Bricca, Jordan
Dick Klein, at Toyon; or Bill
Theiss, Village.
Election Board will hold a spe
cial pre - election rally Tuesday
night, April 18. in Cubberle.v Au
ditorium. The rally will begin at
8:30.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will de
liver the major address. The
president will speak on student
government on the Stanford cam
pus.
ASSU presidential and vice
presidential candidates will give
their campaign speeches and the
yell leader hopefuls will be intro
duced. Student body prexv Hank
Rosin will conduct the program,
and introduce Ihc candidates.
For Village voters, another ral
ly will he held Tuesday after
noon. Speaking in the dining hall
at 5:30 will he ASSU presiden
tial and vice-presidential candi
dates and Village and graduate
Excom candidates.
For complete details on each of
these rallies, candidates .should
get in touch with election Board
members Elva Bricca, Jordan
Dick Klein, at Toyon; or Bill
Theiss, Village.
Election Board will hold a spe
cial pre - election rally Tuesday
night, April 18. in Cubberle.v Au
ditorium. The rally will begin at
8:30.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will de
liver the major address. The
president will speak on student
government on the Stanford cam
pus.
ASSU presidential and vice
presidential candidates will give
their campaign speeches and the
yell leader hopefuls will be intro
duced. Student body prexv Hank
Rosin will conduct the program,
and introduce Ihc candidates.
For Village voters, another ral
ly will he held Tuesday after
noon. Speaking in the dining hall
at 5:30 will he ASSU presiden
tial and vice-presidential candi
dates and Village and graduate
Excom candidates.
For complete details on each of
these rallies, candidates .should
get in touch with election Board
members Elva Bricca, Jordan
Dick Klein, at Toyon; or Bill
Theiss, Village.
Election Board will hold a spe
cial pre - election rally Tuesday
night, April 18. in Cubberle.v Au
ditorium. The rally will begin at
8:30.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will de
liver the major address. The
president will speak on student
government on the Stanford cam
pus.
ASSU presidential and vice
presidential candidates will give
their campaign speeches and the
yell leader hopefuls will be intro
duced. Student body prexv Hank
Rosin will conduct the program,
and introduce Ihc candidates.
For Village voters, another ral
ly will he held Tuesday after
noon. Speaking in the dining hall
at 5:30 will he ASSU presiden
tial and vice-presidential candi
dates and Village and graduate
Excom candidates.
For complete details on each of
these rallies, candidates .should
get in touch with election Board
members Elva Bricca, Jordan
Dick Klein, at Toyon; or Bill
Theiss, Village.
Election Board will hold a spe
cial pre - election rally Tuesday
night, April 18. in Cubberle.v Au
ditorium. The rally will begin at
8:30.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will de
liver the major address. The
president will speak on student
government on the Stanford cam
pus.
ASSU presidential and vice
presidential candidates will give
their campaign speeches and the
yell leader hopefuls will be intro
duced. Student body prexv Hank
Rosin will conduct the program,
and introduce Ihc candidates.
For Village voters, another ral
ly will he held Tuesday after
noon. Speaking in the dining hall
at 5:30 will he ASSU presiden
tial and vice-presidential candi
dates and Village and graduate
Excom candidates.
For complete details on each of
these rallies, candidates .should
get in touch with election Board
members Elva Bricca, Jordan
Dick Klein, at Toyon; or Bill
Theiss, Village.
Election Board will hold a spe
cial pre - election rally Tuesday
night, April 18. in Cubberle.v Au
ditorium. The rally will begin at
8:30.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will de
liver the major address. The
president will speak on student
government on the Stanford cam
pus.
ASSU presidential and vice
presidential candidates will give
their campaign speeches and the
yell leader hopefuls will be intro
duced. Student body prexv Hank
Rosin will conduct the program,
and introduce Ihc candidates.
For Village voters, another ral
ly will he held Tuesday after
noon. Speaking in the dining hall
at 5:30 will he ASSU presiden
tial and vice-presidential candi
dates and Village and graduate
Excom candidates.
For complete details on each of
these rallies, candidates .should
get in touch with election Board
members Elva Bricca, Jordan
Dick Klein, at Toyon; or Bill
Theiss, Village.
Election Board will hold a spe
cial pre - election rally Tuesday
night, April 18. in Cubberle.v Au
ditorium. The rally will begin at
8:30.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will de
liver the major address. The
president will speak on student
government on the Stanford cam
pus.
ASSU presidential and vice
presidential candidates will give
their campaign speeches and the
yell leader hopefuls will be intro
duced. Student body prexv Hank
Rosin will conduct the program,
and introduce Ihc candidates.
For Village voters, another ral
ly will he held Tuesday after
noon. Speaking in the dining hall
at 5:30 will he ASSU presiden
tial and vice-presidential candi
dates and Village and graduate
Excom candidates.
For complete details on each of
these rallies, candidates .should
get in touch with election Board
members Elva Bricca, Jordan
Dick Klein, at Toyon; or Bill
Theiss, Village.
Election Board will hold a spe
cial pre - election rally Tuesday
night, April 18. in Cubberle.v Au
ditorium. The rally will begin at
8:30.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will de
liver the major address. The
president will speak on student
government on the Stanford cam
pus.
ASSU presidential and vice
presidential candidates will give
their campaign speeches and the
yell leader hopefuls will be intro
duced. Student body prexv Hank
Rosin will conduct the program,
and introduce Ihc candidates.
For Village voters, another ral
ly will he held Tuesday after
noon. Speaking in the dining hall
at 5:30 will he ASSU presiden
tial and vice-presidential candi
dates and Village and graduate
Excom candidates.
For complete details on each of
these rallies, candidates .should
get in touch with election Board
members Elva Bricca, Jordan
Dick Klein, at Toyon; or Bill
Theiss, Village.
Election Board will hold a spe
cial pre - election rally Tuesday
night, April 18. in Cubberle.v Au
ditorium. The rally will begin at
8:30.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will de
liver the major address. The
president will speak on student
government on the Stanford cam
pus.
ASSU presidential and vice
presidential candidates will give
their campaign speeches and the
yell leader hopefuls will be intro
duced. Student body prexv Hank
Rosin will conduct the program,
and introduce Ihc candidates.
For Village voters, another ral
ly will he held Tuesday after
noon. Speaking in the dining hall
at 5:30 will he ASSU presiden
tial and vice-presidential candi
dates and Village and graduate
Excom candidates.
For complete details on each of
these rallies, candidates .should
get in touch with election Board
members Elva Bricca, Jordan
Dick Klein, at Toyon; or Bill
Theiss, Village.
Election Board will hold a spe
cial pre - election rally Tuesday
night, April 18. in Cubberle.v Au
ditorium. The rally will begin at
8:30.
Dr. Wallace Sterling will de
liver the major address. The
president will speak on student
government on the Stanford cam
pus.
ASSU presidential and vice
presidential candidates will give
their campaign speeches and the
yell leader hopefuls will be intro
duced. Student body prexv Hank
Rosin will conduct the program,
and introduce Ihc candidates.
For Village voters, another ral
ly will he held Tuesday after
noon. Speaking in the dining hall
at 5:30 will he ASSU presiden
tial and vice-presidential candi
dates and Village and graduate
Excom candidates.
For complete details on each of
these rallies, candidates .should
get in touch with election Board
members Elva Bricca, Jordan
Dick Klein, at Toyon; or Bill
Theiss, Village.
