# Untitled Article
## 
### 

ABOVE ARE PICTURED the members of Cardinals, Farm activities organization, gathered for a
conference on the Cardinals-sponsored "Back to the Farm Week." Standing in the back is Pete
Slusser; second row (from left to right) Diane lessen, Don Wells, Joyce Oldham, and Chuck Getch
ell; first row (from left to right) Downing McKee, Paula Smith, Mickey Hefter, Jo Lyon, Dody
Fitger, Jan O'Brien, and Tim Michaud. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ABOVE ARE PICTURED the members of Cardinals, Farm activities organization, gathered for a
conference on the Cardinals-sponsored "Back to the Farm Week." Standing in the back is Pete
Slusser; second row (from left to right) Diane lessen, Don Wells, Joyce Oldham, and Chuck Getch
ell; first row (from left to right) Downing McKee, Paula Smith, Mickey Hefter, Jo Lyon, Dody
Fitger, Jan O'Brien, and Tim Michaud. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ABOVE ARE PICTURED the members of Cardinals, Farm activities organization, gathered for a
conference on the Cardinals-sponsored "Back to the Farm Week." Standing in the back is Pete
Slusser; second row (from left to right) Diane lessen, Don Wells, Joyce Oldham, and Chuck Getch
ell; first row (from left to right) Downing McKee, Paula Smith, Mickey Hefter, Jo Lyon, Dody
Fitger, Jan O'Brien, and Tim Michaud. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ABOVE ARE PICTURED the members of Cardinals, Farm activities organization, gathered for a
conference on the Cardinals-sponsored "Back to the Farm Week." Standing in the back is Pete
Slusser; second row (from left to right) Diane lessen, Don Wells, Joyce Oldham, and Chuck Getch
ell; first row (from left to right) Downing McKee, Paula Smith, Mickey Hefter, Jo Lyon, Dody
Fitger, Jan O'Brien, and Tim Michaud. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ABOVE ARE PICTURED the members of Cardinals, Farm activities organization, gathered for a
conference on the Cardinals-sponsored "Back to the Farm Week." Standing in the back is Pete
Slusser; second row (from left to right) Diane lessen, Don Wells, Joyce Oldham, and Chuck Getch
ell; first row (from left to right) Downing McKee, Paula Smith, Mickey Hefter, Jo Lyon, Dody
Fitger, Jan O'Brien, and Tim Michaud. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ABOVE ARE PICTURED the members of Cardinals, Farm activities organization, gathered for a
conference on the Cardinals-sponsored "Back to the Farm Week." Standing in the back is Pete
Slusser; second row (from left to right) Diane lessen, Don Wells, Joyce Oldham, and Chuck Getch
ell; first row (from left to right) Downing McKee, Paula Smith, Mickey Hefter, Jo Lyon, Dody
Fitger, Jan O'Brien, and Tim Michaud. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ABOVE ARE PICTURED the members of Cardinals, Farm activities organization, gathered for a
conference on the Cardinals-sponsored "Back to the Farm Week." Standing in the back is Pete
Slusser; second row (from left to right) Diane lessen, Don Wells, Joyce Oldham, and Chuck Getch
ell; first row (from left to right) Downing McKee, Paula Smith, Mickey Hefter, Jo Lyon, Dody
Fitger, Jan O'Brien, and Tim Michaud. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ABOVE ARE PICTURED the members of Cardinals, Farm activities organization, gathered for a
conference on the Cardinals-sponsored "Back to the Farm Week." Standing in the back is Pete
Slusser; second row (from left to right) Diane lessen, Don Wells, Joyce Oldham, and Chuck Getch
ell; first row (from left to right) Downing McKee, Paula Smith, Mickey Hefter, Jo Lyon, Dody
Fitger, Jan O'Brien, and Tim Michaud. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ABOVE ARE PICTURED the members of Cardinals, Farm activities organization, gathered for a
conference on the Cardinals-sponsored "Back to the Farm Week." Standing in the back is Pete
Slusser; second row (from left to right) Diane lessen, Don Wells, Joyce Oldham, and Chuck Getch
ell; first row (from left to right) Downing McKee, Paula Smith, Mickey Hefter, Jo Lyon, Dody
Fitger, Jan O'Brien, and Tim Michaud. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ABOVE ARE PICTURED the members of Cardinals, Farm activities organization, gathered for a
conference on the Cardinals-sponsored "Back to the Farm Week." Standing in the back is Pete
Slusser; second row (from left to right) Diane lessen, Don Wells, Joyce Oldham, and Chuck Getch
ell; first row (from left to right) Downing McKee, Paula Smith, Mickey Hefter, Jo Lyon, Dody
Fitger, Jan O'Brien, and Tim Michaud. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ABOVE ARE PICTURED the members of Cardinals, Farm activities organization, gathered for a
conference on the Cardinals-sponsored "Back to the Farm Week." Standing in the back is Pete
Slusser; second row (from left to right) Diane lessen, Don Wells, Joyce Oldham, and Chuck Getch
ell; first row (from left to right) Downing McKee, Paula Smith, Mickey Hefter, Jo Lyon, Dody
Fitger, Jan O'Brien, and Tim Michaud. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ABOVE ARE PICTURED the members of Cardinals, Farm activities organization, gathered for a
conference on the Cardinals-sponsored "Back to the Farm Week." Standing in the back is Pete
Slusser; second row (from left to right) Diane lessen, Don Wells, Joyce Oldham, and Chuck Getch
ell; first row (from left to right) Downing McKee, Paula Smith, Mickey Hefter, Jo Lyon, Dody
Fitger, Jan O'Brien, and Tim Michaud. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ABOVE ARE PICTURED the members of Cardinals, Farm activities organization, gathered for a
conference on the Cardinals-sponsored "Back to the Farm Week." Standing in the back is Pete
Slusser; second row (from left to right) Diane lessen, Don Wells, Joyce Oldham, and Chuck Getch
ell; first row (from left to right) Downing McKee, Paula Smith, Mickey Hefter, Jo Lyon, Dody
Fitger, Jan O'Brien, and Tim Michaud. —photo by Dave Rosenthal

ABOVE ARE PICTURED the members of Cardinals, Farm activities organization, gathered for a
conference on the Cardinals-sponsored "Back to the Farm Week." Standing in the back is Pete
Slusser; second row (from left to right) Diane lessen, Don Wells, Joyce Oldham, and Chuck Getch
ell; first row (from left to right) Downing McKee, Paula Smith, Mickey Hefter, Jo Lyon, Dody
Fitger, Jan O'Brien, and Tim Michaud. —photo by Dave Rosenthal
