# Adv. 2 Page 3
## 
### 
■
S.F. Airport 55C
S.F. Downtown $1.10
Ride the SamTrans 7F Freeway Express
(El Camino. Ralston, Baysliore) or
7B Local (through San Mateo and
Burlingame). Dozens of trips day and
night to Airport passenger terminals
and downtown San Francisco. Easy
rides to BART, too. Call our
'nformation Center.
samTrans • 367-1500
-
■
S.F. Airport 55C
S.F. Downtown $1.10
Ride the SamTrans 7F Freeway Express
(El Camino. Ralston, Baysliore) or
7B Local (through San Mateo and
Burlingame). Dozens of trips day and
night to Airport passenger terminals
and downtown San Francisco. Easy
rides to BART, too. Call our
'nformation Center.
samTrans • 367-1500
-
■
S.F. Airport 55C
S.F. Downtown $1.10
Ride the SamTrans 7F Freeway Express
(El Camino. Ralston, Baysliore) or
7B Local (through San Mateo and
Burlingame). Dozens of trips day and
night to Airport passenger terminals
and downtown San Francisco. Easy
rides to BART, too. Call our
'nformation Center.
samTrans • 367-1500
-
■
S.F. Airport 55C
S.F. Downtown $1.10
Ride the SamTrans 7F Freeway Express
(El Camino. Ralston, Baysliore) or
7B Local (through San Mateo and
Burlingame). Dozens of trips day and
night to Airport passenger terminals
and downtown San Francisco. Easy
rides to BART, too. Call our
'nformation Center.
samTrans • 367-1500
-
■
S.F. Airport 55C
S.F. Downtown $1.10
Ride the SamTrans 7F Freeway Express
(El Camino. Ralston, Baysliore) or
7B Local (through San Mateo and
Burlingame). Dozens of trips day and
night to Airport passenger terminals
and downtown San Francisco. Easy
rides to BART, too. Call our
'nformation Center.
samTrans • 367-1500
-
■
S.F. Airport 55C
S.F. Downtown $1.10
Ride the SamTrans 7F Freeway Express
(El Camino. Ralston, Baysliore) or
7B Local (through San Mateo and
Burlingame). Dozens of trips day and
night to Airport passenger terminals
and downtown San Francisco. Easy
rides to BART, too. Call our
'nformation Center.
samTrans • 367-1500
-
■
S.F. Airport 55C
S.F. Downtown $1.10
Ride the SamTrans 7F Freeway Express
(El Camino. Ralston, Baysliore) or
7B Local (through San Mateo and
Burlingame). Dozens of trips day and
night to Airport passenger terminals
and downtown San Francisco. Easy
rides to BART, too. Call our
'nformation Center.
samTrans • 367-1500
-
■
S.F. Airport 55C
S.F. Downtown $1.10
Ride the SamTrans 7F Freeway Express
(El Camino. Ralston, Baysliore) or
7B Local (through San Mateo and
Burlingame). Dozens of trips day and
night to Airport passenger terminals
and downtown San Francisco. Easy
rides to BART, too. Call our
'nformation Center.
samTrans • 367-1500
-
■
S.F. Airport 55C
S.F. Downtown $1.10
Ride the SamTrans 7F Freeway Express
(El Camino. Ralston, Baysliore) or
7B Local (through San Mateo and
Burlingame). Dozens of trips day and
night to Airport passenger terminals
and downtown San Francisco. Easy
rides to BART, too. Call our
'nformation Center.
samTrans • 367-1500
-
