# Untitled Article
## 
### 
"The Biko Inquest," a
docudrama portraying the
investigation into the death
of South African student
leader Steve Biko, will be
presented free at Tresidder
this Thursday at 8 p.m.
Biko, founder and
president of the South
African Student
Organization, was arrested,
detained and tortured in,
prison by South African
police.
He died there in 1977. The
play is based on smuggled
transcripts of the inquest
originally acquired by the
BBC for television
presentation.
Black consciousness essays
will be interspersed by Billy
Hotton. "The Biko Inquest" is
produced by the Julian
Theatre of Berkeley and is
sponsored by the Tresidder
Program Board.




Billy Hotton
"The Biko Inquest," a
docudrama portraying the
investigation into the death
of South African student
leader Steve Biko, will be
presented free at Tresidder
this Thursday at 8 p.m.
Biko, founder and
president of the South
African Student
Organization, was arrested,
detained and tortured in,
prison by South African
police.
He died there in 1977. The
play is based on smuggled
transcripts of the inquest
originally acquired by the
BBC for television
presentation.
Black consciousness essays
will be interspersed by Billy
Hotton. "The Biko Inquest" is
produced by the Julian
Theatre of Berkeley and is
sponsored by the Tresidder
Program Board.




Billy Hotton
"The Biko Inquest," a
docudrama portraying the
investigation into the death
of South African student
leader Steve Biko, will be
presented free at Tresidder
this Thursday at 8 p.m.
Biko, founder and
president of the South
African Student
Organization, was arrested,
detained and tortured in,
prison by South African
police.
He died there in 1977. The
play is based on smuggled
transcripts of the inquest
originally acquired by the
BBC for television
presentation.
Black consciousness essays
will be interspersed by Billy
Hotton. "The Biko Inquest" is
produced by the Julian
Theatre of Berkeley and is
sponsored by the Tresidder
Program Board.




Billy Hotton
"The Biko Inquest," a
docudrama portraying the
investigation into the death
of South African student
leader Steve Biko, will be
presented free at Tresidder
this Thursday at 8 p.m.
Biko, founder and
president of the South
African Student
Organization, was arrested,
detained and tortured in,
prison by South African
police.
He died there in 1977. The
play is based on smuggled
transcripts of the inquest
originally acquired by the
BBC for television
presentation.
Black consciousness essays
will be interspersed by Billy
Hotton. "The Biko Inquest" is
produced by the Julian
Theatre of Berkeley and is
sponsored by the Tresidder
Program Board.




Billy Hotton
"The Biko Inquest," a
docudrama portraying the
investigation into the death
of South African student
leader Steve Biko, will be
presented free at Tresidder
this Thursday at 8 p.m.
Biko, founder and
president of the South
African Student
Organization, was arrested,
detained and tortured in,
prison by South African
police.
He died there in 1977. The
play is based on smuggled
transcripts of the inquest
originally acquired by the
BBC for television
presentation.
Black consciousness essays
will be interspersed by Billy
Hotton. "The Biko Inquest" is
produced by the Julian
Theatre of Berkeley and is
sponsored by the Tresidder
Program Board.




Billy Hotton
"The Biko Inquest," a
docudrama portraying the
investigation into the death
of South African student
leader Steve Biko, will be
presented free at Tresidder
this Thursday at 8 p.m.
Biko, founder and
president of the South
African Student
Organization, was arrested,
detained and tortured in,
prison by South African
police.
He died there in 1977. The
play is based on smuggled
transcripts of the inquest
originally acquired by the
BBC for television
presentation.
Black consciousness essays
will be interspersed by Billy
Hotton. "The Biko Inquest" is
produced by the Julian
Theatre of Berkeley and is
sponsored by the Tresidder
Program Board.




Billy Hotton
"The Biko Inquest," a
docudrama portraying the
investigation into the death
of South African student
leader Steve Biko, will be
presented free at Tresidder
this Thursday at 8 p.m.
Biko, founder and
president of the South
African Student
Organization, was arrested,
detained and tortured in,
prison by South African
police.
He died there in 1977. The
play is based on smuggled
transcripts of the inquest
originally acquired by the
BBC for television
presentation.
Black consciousness essays
will be interspersed by Billy
Hotton. "The Biko Inquest" is
produced by the Julian
Theatre of Berkeley and is
sponsored by the Tresidder
Program Board.




Billy Hotton
"The Biko Inquest," a
docudrama portraying the
investigation into the death
of South African student
leader Steve Biko, will be
presented free at Tresidder
this Thursday at 8 p.m.
Biko, founder and
president of the South
African Student
Organization, was arrested,
detained and tortured in,
prison by South African
police.
He died there in 1977. The
play is based on smuggled
transcripts of the inquest
originally acquired by the
BBC for television
presentation.
Black consciousness essays
will be interspersed by Billy
Hotton. "The Biko Inquest" is
produced by the Julian
Theatre of Berkeley and is
sponsored by the Tresidder
Program Board.




Billy Hotton
"The Biko Inquest," a
docudrama portraying the
investigation into the death
of South African student
leader Steve Biko, will be
presented free at Tresidder
this Thursday at 8 p.m.
Biko, founder and
president of the South
African Student
Organization, was arrested,
detained and tortured in,
prison by South African
police.
He died there in 1977. The
play is based on smuggled
transcripts of the inquest
originally acquired by the
BBC for television
presentation.
Black consciousness essays
will be interspersed by Billy
Hotton. "The Biko Inquest" is
produced by the Julian
Theatre of Berkeley and is
sponsored by the Tresidder
Program Board.




Billy Hotton
