# Will Represent Stanford.
## 
### 
President Jordan will represent
Stanford at the annual meeting of
the Association of American Uni
versities to be held at Chicago
about the end of next month.
President Wheeler and Dr. .String
ham, of the mathematics depart
ment, will represent the University
of California. The object of this
association is to hold annual con
ventions of the presidents of the
largest American universities for a
consideration of the problems con
nected with graduate work. The
institutions comprising the associa
tion are California, the Catholic
University of America, Chicago,
Clark, Columbia, Cornell, Harvard,
Johns Hopkins,Stanford,Michigan,
Pennsylvania, Princeton, Wiscon
sin, and Yale.
President Jordan will represent
Stanford at the annual meeting of
the Association of American Uni
versities to be held at Chicago
about the end of next month.
President Wheeler and Dr. .String
ham, of the mathematics depart
ment, will represent the University
of California. The object of this
association is to hold annual con
ventions of the presidents of the
largest American universities for a
consideration of the problems con
nected with graduate work. The
institutions comprising the associa
tion are California, the Catholic
University of America, Chicago,
Clark, Columbia, Cornell, Harvard,
Johns Hopkins,Stanford,Michigan,
Pennsylvania, Princeton, Wiscon
sin, and Yale.
President Jordan will represent
Stanford at the annual meeting of
the Association of American Uni
versities to be held at Chicago
about the end of next month.
President Wheeler and Dr. .String
ham, of the mathematics depart
ment, will represent the University
of California. The object of this
association is to hold annual con
ventions of the presidents of the
largest American universities for a
consideration of the problems con
nected with graduate work. The
institutions comprising the associa
tion are California, the Catholic
University of America, Chicago,
Clark, Columbia, Cornell, Harvard,
Johns Hopkins,Stanford,Michigan,
Pennsylvania, Princeton, Wiscon
sin, and Yale.
President Jordan will represent
Stanford at the annual meeting of
the Association of American Uni
versities to be held at Chicago
about the end of next month.
President Wheeler and Dr. .String
ham, of the mathematics depart
ment, will represent the University
of California. The object of this
association is to hold annual con
ventions of the presidents of the
largest American universities for a
consideration of the problems con
nected with graduate work. The
institutions comprising the associa
tion are California, the Catholic
University of America, Chicago,
Clark, Columbia, Cornell, Harvard,
Johns Hopkins,Stanford,Michigan,
Pennsylvania, Princeton, Wiscon
sin, and Yale.
President Jordan will represent
Stanford at the annual meeting of
the Association of American Uni
versities to be held at Chicago
about the end of next month.
President Wheeler and Dr. .String
ham, of the mathematics depart
ment, will represent the University
of California. The object of this
association is to hold annual con
ventions of the presidents of the
largest American universities for a
consideration of the problems con
nected with graduate work. The
institutions comprising the associa
tion are California, the Catholic
University of America, Chicago,
Clark, Columbia, Cornell, Harvard,
Johns Hopkins,Stanford,Michigan,
Pennsylvania, Princeton, Wiscon
sin, and Yale.
President Jordan will represent
Stanford at the annual meeting of
the Association of American Uni
versities to be held at Chicago
about the end of next month.
President Wheeler and Dr. .String
ham, of the mathematics depart
ment, will represent the University
of California. The object of this
association is to hold annual con
ventions of the presidents of the
largest American universities for a
consideration of the problems con
nected with graduate work. The
institutions comprising the associa
tion are California, the Catholic
University of America, Chicago,
Clark, Columbia, Cornell, Harvard,
Johns Hopkins,Stanford,Michigan,
Pennsylvania, Princeton, Wiscon
sin, and Yale.
President Jordan will represent
Stanford at the annual meeting of
the Association of American Uni
versities to be held at Chicago
about the end of next month.
President Wheeler and Dr. .String
ham, of the mathematics depart
ment, will represent the University
of California. The object of this
association is to hold annual con
ventions of the presidents of the
largest American universities for a
consideration of the problems con
nected with graduate work. The
institutions comprising the associa
tion are California, the Catholic
University of America, Chicago,
Clark, Columbia, Cornell, Harvard,
Johns Hopkins,Stanford,Michigan,
Pennsylvania, Princeton, Wiscon
sin, and Yale.
President Jordan will represent
Stanford at the annual meeting of
the Association of American Uni
versities to be held at Chicago
about the end of next month.
President Wheeler and Dr. .String
ham, of the mathematics depart
ment, will represent the University
of California. The object of this
association is to hold annual con
ventions of the presidents of the
largest American universities for a
consideration of the problems con
nected with graduate work. The
institutions comprising the associa
tion are California, the Catholic
University of America, Chicago,
Clark, Columbia, Cornell, Harvard,
Johns Hopkins,Stanford,Michigan,
Pennsylvania, Princeton, Wiscon
sin, and Yale.
