# Washington Chooses Team.
## 
### 
Word has reached here through
private letter th;it the University
of Washington has selected a de
bating team for the contest with
Stanford next April. Since the
Northern institution asked that the
question he submitted twelve weeks
before the debate, and was notified
by the Intersocietv committee that
this could not be done, no reply
has been received, and the Stan
ford committee did not know
whether or not negotiations were
off. Evidently, from the informa
tion at luind, Washington intends
to abide by the proposal to submit
the question only six weeks before
hand.
Word has reached here through
private letter th;it the University
of Washington has selected a de
bating team for the contest with
Stanford next April. Since the
Northern institution asked that the
question he submitted twelve weeks
before the debate, and was notified
by the Intersocietv committee that
this could not be done, no reply
has been received, and the Stan
ford committee did not know
whether or not negotiations were
off. Evidently, from the informa
tion at luind, Washington intends
to abide by the proposal to submit
the question only six weeks before
hand.
Word has reached here through
private letter th;it the University
of Washington has selected a de
bating team for the contest with
Stanford next April. Since the
Northern institution asked that the
question he submitted twelve weeks
before the debate, and was notified
by the Intersocietv committee that
this could not be done, no reply
has been received, and the Stan
ford committee did not know
whether or not negotiations were
off. Evidently, from the informa
tion at luind, Washington intends
to abide by the proposal to submit
the question only six weeks before
hand.
Word has reached here through
private letter th;it the University
of Washington has selected a de
bating team for the contest with
Stanford next April. Since the
Northern institution asked that the
question he submitted twelve weeks
before the debate, and was notified
by the Intersocietv committee that
this could not be done, no reply
has been received, and the Stan
ford committee did not know
whether or not negotiations were
off. Evidently, from the informa
tion at luind, Washington intends
to abide by the proposal to submit
the question only six weeks before
hand.
Word has reached here through
private letter th;it the University
of Washington has selected a de
bating team for the contest with
Stanford next April. Since the
Northern institution asked that the
question he submitted twelve weeks
before the debate, and was notified
by the Intersocietv committee that
this could not be done, no reply
has been received, and the Stan
ford committee did not know
whether or not negotiations were
off. Evidently, from the informa
tion at luind, Washington intends
to abide by the proposal to submit
the question only six weeks before
hand.
Word has reached here through
private letter th;it the University
of Washington has selected a de
bating team for the contest with
Stanford next April. Since the
Northern institution asked that the
question he submitted twelve weeks
before the debate, and was notified
by the Intersocietv committee that
this could not be done, no reply
has been received, and the Stan
ford committee did not know
whether or not negotiations were
off. Evidently, from the informa
tion at luind, Washington intends
to abide by the proposal to submit
the question only six weeks before
hand.
Word has reached here through
private letter th;it the University
of Washington has selected a de
bating team for the contest with
Stanford next April. Since the
Northern institution asked that the
question he submitted twelve weeks
before the debate, and was notified
by the Intersocietv committee that
this could not be done, no reply
has been received, and the Stan
ford committee did not know
whether or not negotiations were
off. Evidently, from the informa
tion at luind, Washington intends
to abide by the proposal to submit
the question only six weeks before
hand.
Word has reached here through
private letter th;it the University
of Washington has selected a de
bating team for the contest with
Stanford next April. Since the
Northern institution asked that the
question he submitted twelve weeks
before the debate, and was notified
by the Intersocietv committee that
this could not be done, no reply
has been received, and the Stan
ford committee did not know
whether or not negotiations were
off. Evidently, from the informa
tion at luind, Washington intends
to abide by the proposal to submit
the question only six weeks before
hand.
