# Adv. 2 Page 1
## 
### 
I INDIANS
If you were a buyer
for R/A's sports shirt
department, what
would you guess is
the hottest item?
Correct, clever you,
it’s Indian madras
shirts, the kind that
bleed and mellow
with every washing
and so look better the
longer you wear
them. R/A is now
featuring a superb
selection in the style
you like—short
sleeves, button-down
collar, guaranteed
imported, the real
thing. Pick up a
couple for Spring,
only at R/A and
only 6.95 each.
rqqs/atkins
I INDIANS
If you were a buyer
for R/A's sports shirt
department, what
would you guess is
the hottest item?
Correct, clever you,
it’s Indian madras
shirts, the kind that
bleed and mellow
with every washing
and so look better the
longer you wear
them. R/A is now
featuring a superb
selection in the style
you like—short
sleeves, button-down
collar, guaranteed
imported, the real
thing. Pick up a
couple for Spring,
only at R/A and
only 6.95 each.
rqqs/atkins
I INDIANS
If you were a buyer
for R/A's sports shirt
department, what
would you guess is
the hottest item?
Correct, clever you,
it’s Indian madras
shirts, the kind that
bleed and mellow
with every washing
and so look better the
longer you wear
them. R/A is now
featuring a superb
selection in the style
you like—short
sleeves, button-down
collar, guaranteed
imported, the real
thing. Pick up a
couple for Spring,
only at R/A and
only 6.95 each.
rqqs/atkins
I INDIANS
If you were a buyer
for R/A's sports shirt
department, what
would you guess is
the hottest item?
Correct, clever you,
it’s Indian madras
shirts, the kind that
bleed and mellow
with every washing
and so look better the
longer you wear
them. R/A is now
featuring a superb
selection in the style
you like—short
sleeves, button-down
collar, guaranteed
imported, the real
thing. Pick up a
couple for Spring,
only at R/A and
only 6.95 each.
rqqs/atkins
I INDIANS
If you were a buyer
for R/A's sports shirt
department, what
would you guess is
the hottest item?
Correct, clever you,
it’s Indian madras
shirts, the kind that
bleed and mellow
with every washing
and so look better the
longer you wear
them. R/A is now
featuring a superb
selection in the style
you like—short
sleeves, button-down
collar, guaranteed
imported, the real
thing. Pick up a
couple for Spring,
only at R/A and
only 6.95 each.
rqqs/atkins
I INDIANS
If you were a buyer
for R/A's sports shirt
department, what
would you guess is
the hottest item?
Correct, clever you,
it’s Indian madras
shirts, the kind that
bleed and mellow
with every washing
and so look better the
longer you wear
them. R/A is now
featuring a superb
selection in the style
you like—short
sleeves, button-down
collar, guaranteed
imported, the real
thing. Pick up a
couple for Spring,
only at R/A and
only 6.95 each.
rqqs/atkins
I INDIANS
If you were a buyer
for R/A's sports shirt
department, what
would you guess is
the hottest item?
Correct, clever you,
it’s Indian madras
shirts, the kind that
bleed and mellow
with every washing
and so look better the
longer you wear
them. R/A is now
featuring a superb
selection in the style
you like—short
sleeves, button-down
collar, guaranteed
imported, the real
thing. Pick up a
couple for Spring,
only at R/A and
only 6.95 each.
rqqs/atkins
I INDIANS
If you were a buyer
for R/A's sports shirt
department, what
would you guess is
the hottest item?
Correct, clever you,
it’s Indian madras
shirts, the kind that
bleed and mellow
with every washing
and so look better the
longer you wear
them. R/A is now
featuring a superb
selection in the style
you like—short
sleeves, button-down
collar, guaranteed
imported, the real
thing. Pick up a
couple for Spring,
only at R/A and
only 6.95 each.
rqqs/atkins
I INDIANS
If you were a buyer
for R/A's sports shirt
department, what
would you guess is
the hottest item?
Correct, clever you,
it’s Indian madras
shirts, the kind that
bleed and mellow
with every washing
and so look better the
longer you wear
them. R/A is now
featuring a superb
selection in the style
you like—short
sleeves, button-down
collar, guaranteed
imported, the real
thing. Pick up a
couple for Spring,
only at R/A and
only 6.95 each.
rqqs/atkins
I INDIANS
If you were a buyer
for R/A's sports shirt
department, what
would you guess is
the hottest item?
Correct, clever you,
it’s Indian madras
shirts, the kind that
bleed and mellow
with every washing
and so look better the
longer you wear
them. R/A is now
featuring a superb
selection in the style
you like—short
sleeves, button-down
collar, guaranteed
imported, the real
thing. Pick up a
couple for Spring,
only at R/A and
only 6.95 each.
rqqs/atkins
I INDIANS
If you were a buyer
for R/A's sports shirt
department, what
would you guess is
the hottest item?
Correct, clever you,
it’s Indian madras
shirts, the kind that
bleed and mellow
with every washing
and so look better the
longer you wear
them. R/A is now
featuring a superb
selection in the style
you like—short
sleeves, button-down
collar, guaranteed
imported, the real
thing. Pick up a
couple for Spring,
only at R/A and
only 6.95 each.
rqqs/atkins
I INDIANS
If you were a buyer
for R/A's sports shirt
department, what
would you guess is
the hottest item?
Correct, clever you,
it’s Indian madras
shirts, the kind that
bleed and mellow
with every washing
and so look better the
longer you wear
them. R/A is now
featuring a superb
selection in the style
you like—short
sleeves, button-down
collar, guaranteed
imported, the real
thing. Pick up a
couple for Spring,
only at R/A and
only 6.95 each.
rqqs/atkins
I INDIANS
If you were a buyer
for R/A's sports shirt
department, what
would you guess is
the hottest item?
Correct, clever you,
it’s Indian madras
shirts, the kind that
bleed and mellow
with every washing
and so look better the
longer you wear
them. R/A is now
featuring a superb
selection in the style
you like—short
sleeves, button-down
collar, guaranteed
imported, the real
thing. Pick up a
couple for Spring,
only at R/A and
only 6.95 each.
rqqs/atkins
I INDIANS
If you were a buyer
for R/A's sports shirt
department, what
would you guess is
the hottest item?
Correct, clever you,
it’s Indian madras
shirts, the kind that
bleed and mellow
with every washing
and so look better the
longer you wear
them. R/A is now
featuring a superb
selection in the style
you like—short
sleeves, button-down
collar, guaranteed
imported, the real
thing. Pick up a
couple for Spring,
only at R/A and
only 6.95 each.
rqqs/atkins
I INDIANS
If you were a buyer
for R/A's sports shirt
department, what
would you guess is
the hottest item?
Correct, clever you,
it’s Indian madras
shirts, the kind that
bleed and mellow
with every washing
and so look better the
longer you wear
them. R/A is now
featuring a superb
selection in the style
you like—short
sleeves, button-down
collar, guaranteed
imported, the real
thing. Pick up a
couple for Spring,
only at R/A and
only 6.95 each.
rqqs/atkins
