# Adv. 46 Page 17
## 
### 
HELP WANTED
Web programmer wanted to add
on-line content to a medical site,
using MS ASP, lIS4, SQL 15 +
hrs/wk, $25+/ Hr DOE. Resume:
ryanb@leland.stanford.edu
PT front office assistant with
phone and computer skills for
Welch Road Podiatry Office. Hrs
flexible. Please call 324-2091.
Earn $300-+/wk fingerpainting,
playing tag & going to parks!
We're looking for experienced,
creative & energetic counselors.
Call 650-694-4650 for app.
Teach and have fun in Maine.
Outstanding 7-1/2 week
residential girls' camp needs male
and female instructors: tennis,
swim, waterski, canoe and dance.
Also registered nurses and theatre
costumer. Beautiful wooded,
lakefront location. Excellent salary,
room/board, travel allowance.
Tripp Lake Camp, Poland, Maine.
Call 800-580-6999 or 800-997-
4347, or apply online at:
www.tripplakecamp.com
Bowling center positions now
available. Fax resume to 650-948-
0195
Wanted: Part-time Marketing
Support. Small, high-growth,
downtown PA publishing
company needs bright, energetic,
organized, computer literate
person to help with marketing
efforts. 25-35 or so hours per
week. $11 per hour plus
incentives. 4-5 days per week
preferred. Call Howard Wolf at
Fast Mark, 327-7700 x 100 or e
mail to howard@fastmark.com
Distributor for Women's Sports Co
promo materials. Int. in fitness a
must! Flex hrs, free clinics. 800-80-
WOMAN
HELP WANTED
Web programmer wanted to add
on-line content to a medical site,
using MS ASP, lIS4, SQL 15 +
hrs/wk, $25+/ Hr DOE. Resume:
ryanb@leland.stanford.edu
PT front office assistant with
phone and computer skills for
Welch Road Podiatry Office. Hrs
flexible. Please call 324-2091.
Earn $300-+/wk fingerpainting,
playing tag & going to parks!
We're looking for experienced,
creative & energetic counselors.
Call 650-694-4650 for app.
Teach and have fun in Maine.
Outstanding 7-1/2 week
residential girls' camp needs male
and female instructors: tennis,
swim, waterski, canoe and dance.
Also registered nurses and theatre
costumer. Beautiful wooded,
lakefront location. Excellent salary,
room/board, travel allowance.
Tripp Lake Camp, Poland, Maine.
Call 800-580-6999 or 800-997-
4347, or apply online at:
www.tripplakecamp.com
Bowling center positions now
available. Fax resume to 650-948-
0195
Wanted: Part-time Marketing
Support. Small, high-growth,
downtown PA publishing
company needs bright, energetic,
organized, computer literate
person to help with marketing
efforts. 25-35 or so hours per
week. $11 per hour plus
incentives. 4-5 days per week
preferred. Call Howard Wolf at
Fast Mark, 327-7700 x 100 or e
mail to howard@fastmark.com
Distributor for Women's Sports Co
promo materials. Int. in fitness a
must! Flex hrs, free clinics. 800-80-
WOMAN
HELP WANTED
Web programmer wanted to add
on-line content to a medical site,
using MS ASP, lIS4, SQL 15 +
hrs/wk, $25+/ Hr DOE. Resume:
ryanb@leland.stanford.edu
PT front office assistant with
phone and computer skills for
Welch Road Podiatry Office. Hrs
flexible. Please call 324-2091.
Earn $300-+/wk fingerpainting,
playing tag & going to parks!
We're looking for experienced,
creative & energetic counselors.
Call 650-694-4650 for app.
Teach and have fun in Maine.
Outstanding 7-1/2 week
residential girls' camp needs male
and female instructors: tennis,
swim, waterski, canoe and dance.
Also registered nurses and theatre
costumer. Beautiful wooded,
lakefront location. Excellent salary,
room/board, travel allowance.
Tripp Lake Camp, Poland, Maine.
Call 800-580-6999 or 800-997-
4347, or apply online at:
www.tripplakecamp.com
Bowling center positions now
available. Fax resume to 650-948-
0195
Wanted: Part-time Marketing
Support. Small, high-growth,
downtown PA publishing
company needs bright, energetic,
organized, computer literate
person to help with marketing
efforts. 25-35 or so hours per
week. $11 per hour plus
incentives. 4-5 days per week
preferred. Call Howard Wolf at
Fast Mark, 327-7700 x 100 or e
mail to howard@fastmark.com
Distributor for Women's Sports Co
promo materials. Int. in fitness a
must! Flex hrs, free clinics. 800-80-
WOMAN
HELP WANTED
Web programmer wanted to add
on-line content to a medical site,
using MS ASP, lIS4, SQL 15 +
hrs/wk, $25+/ Hr DOE. Resume:
ryanb@leland.stanford.edu
PT front office assistant with
phone and computer skills for
Welch Road Podiatry Office. Hrs
flexible. Please call 324-2091.
Earn $300-+/wk fingerpainting,
playing tag & going to parks!
We're looking for experienced,
creative & energetic counselors.
Call 650-694-4650 for app.
Teach and have fun in Maine.
Outstanding 7-1/2 week
residential girls' camp needs male
and female instructors: tennis,
swim, waterski, canoe and dance.
Also registered nurses and theatre
costumer. Beautiful wooded,
lakefront location. Excellent salary,
room/board, travel allowance.
Tripp Lake Camp, Poland, Maine.
Call 800-580-6999 or 800-997-
4347, or apply online at:
www.tripplakecamp.com
Bowling center positions now
available. Fax resume to 650-948-
0195
Wanted: Part-time Marketing
Support. Small, high-growth,
downtown PA publishing
company needs bright, energetic,
organized, computer literate
person to help with marketing
efforts. 25-35 or so hours per
week. $11 per hour plus
incentives. 4-5 days per week
preferred. Call Howard Wolf at
Fast Mark, 327-7700 x 100 or e
mail to howard@fastmark.com
Distributor for Women's Sports Co
promo materials. Int. in fitness a
must! Flex hrs, free clinics. 800-80-
WOMAN
HELP WANTED
Web programmer wanted to add
on-line content to a medical site,
using MS ASP, lIS4, SQL 15 +
hrs/wk, $25+/ Hr DOE. Resume:
ryanb@leland.stanford.edu
PT front office assistant with
phone and computer skills for
Welch Road Podiatry Office. Hrs
flexible. Please call 324-2091.
Earn $300-+/wk fingerpainting,
playing tag & going to parks!
We're looking for experienced,
creative & energetic counselors.
Call 650-694-4650 for app.
Teach and have fun in Maine.
Outstanding 7-1/2 week
residential girls' camp needs male
and female instructors: tennis,
swim, waterski, canoe and dance.
Also registered nurses and theatre
costumer. Beautiful wooded,
lakefront location. Excellent salary,
room/board, travel allowance.
Tripp Lake Camp, Poland, Maine.
Call 800-580-6999 or 800-997-
4347, or apply online at:
www.tripplakecamp.com
Bowling center positions now
available. Fax resume to 650-948-
0195
Wanted: Part-time Marketing
Support. Small, high-growth,
downtown PA publishing
company needs bright, energetic,
organized, computer literate
person to help with marketing
efforts. 25-35 or so hours per
week. $11 per hour plus
incentives. 4-5 days per week
preferred. Call Howard Wolf at
Fast Mark, 327-7700 x 100 or e
mail to howard@fastmark.com
Distributor for Women's Sports Co
promo materials. Int. in fitness a
must! Flex hrs, free clinics. 800-80-
WOMAN
