# Frosh, LD's See Advisers, Begin Pre-Reg Today
## 
### 
Freshmen and lower division
students arc conferring with ad
visers today in the first step of
pre-rcgistration for winter quar
ter.
Yesterday upper division and
graduate students completed pre
registration procedures.
Office hours of the advisers of
freshmen and lower division stu
dents ate listed in the winter
quarter time schedule, which is
available in Room 111-A, Regis
trar's Office.
After filling out the study lists
and having them signed by advis
ers, students should sign class
lists for any classes marked. "8"
in the time schedule, according to
Elmer C. Wagner, associate reg
istrar. Women planning to regis
ter for physical education may
sign lists at the Women's Physi
cal Education Department today,
tomorrow, Friday and Saturday,
from 8 a.m. to noon and from 1
to 5 p.m.
Pre-rcgistration in lower divi
sion French conversation classes
will be in Room 399 today, tomor
row and Friday from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4 p.m.
Freshmen and lower division
students arc conferring with ad
visers today in the first step of
pre-rcgistration for winter quar
ter.
Yesterday upper division and
graduate students completed pre
registration procedures.
Office hours of the advisers of
freshmen and lower division stu
dents ate listed in the winter
quarter time schedule, which is
available in Room 111-A, Regis
trar's Office.
After filling out the study lists
and having them signed by advis
ers, students should sign class
lists for any classes marked. "8"
in the time schedule, according to
Elmer C. Wagner, associate reg
istrar. Women planning to regis
ter for physical education may
sign lists at the Women's Physi
cal Education Department today,
tomorrow, Friday and Saturday,
from 8 a.m. to noon and from 1
to 5 p.m.
Pre-rcgistration in lower divi
sion French conversation classes
will be in Room 399 today, tomor
row and Friday from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4 p.m.
Freshmen and lower division
students arc conferring with ad
visers today in the first step of
pre-rcgistration for winter quar
ter.
Yesterday upper division and
graduate students completed pre
registration procedures.
Office hours of the advisers of
freshmen and lower division stu
dents ate listed in the winter
quarter time schedule, which is
available in Room 111-A, Regis
trar's Office.
After filling out the study lists
and having them signed by advis
ers, students should sign class
lists for any classes marked. "8"
in the time schedule, according to
Elmer C. Wagner, associate reg
istrar. Women planning to regis
ter for physical education may
sign lists at the Women's Physi
cal Education Department today,
tomorrow, Friday and Saturday,
from 8 a.m. to noon and from 1
to 5 p.m.
Pre-rcgistration in lower divi
sion French conversation classes
will be in Room 399 today, tomor
row and Friday from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4 p.m.
Freshmen and lower division
students arc conferring with ad
visers today in the first step of
pre-rcgistration for winter quar
ter.
Yesterday upper division and
graduate students completed pre
registration procedures.
Office hours of the advisers of
freshmen and lower division stu
dents ate listed in the winter
quarter time schedule, which is
available in Room 111-A, Regis
trar's Office.
After filling out the study lists
and having them signed by advis
ers, students should sign class
lists for any classes marked. "8"
in the time schedule, according to
Elmer C. Wagner, associate reg
istrar. Women planning to regis
ter for physical education may
sign lists at the Women's Physi
cal Education Department today,
tomorrow, Friday and Saturday,
from 8 a.m. to noon and from 1
to 5 p.m.
Pre-rcgistration in lower divi
sion French conversation classes
will be in Room 399 today, tomor
row and Friday from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4 p.m.
Freshmen and lower division
students arc conferring with ad
visers today in the first step of
pre-rcgistration for winter quar
ter.
Yesterday upper division and
graduate students completed pre
registration procedures.
Office hours of the advisers of
freshmen and lower division stu
dents ate listed in the winter
quarter time schedule, which is
available in Room 111-A, Regis
trar's Office.
After filling out the study lists
and having them signed by advis
ers, students should sign class
lists for any classes marked. "8"
in the time schedule, according to
Elmer C. Wagner, associate reg
istrar. Women planning to regis
ter for physical education may
sign lists at the Women's Physi
cal Education Department today,
tomorrow, Friday and Saturday,
from 8 a.m. to noon and from 1
to 5 p.m.
Pre-rcgistration in lower divi
sion French conversation classes
will be in Room 399 today, tomor
row and Friday from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4 p.m.
Freshmen and lower division
students arc conferring with ad
visers today in the first step of
pre-rcgistration for winter quar
ter.
Yesterday upper division and
graduate students completed pre
registration procedures.
Office hours of the advisers of
freshmen and lower division stu
dents ate listed in the winter
quarter time schedule, which is
available in Room 111-A, Regis
trar's Office.
After filling out the study lists
and having them signed by advis
ers, students should sign class
lists for any classes marked. "8"
in the time schedule, according to
Elmer C. Wagner, associate reg
istrar. Women planning to regis
ter for physical education may
sign lists at the Women's Physi
cal Education Department today,
tomorrow, Friday and Saturday,
from 8 a.m. to noon and from 1
to 5 p.m.
Pre-rcgistration in lower divi
sion French conversation classes
will be in Room 399 today, tomor
row and Friday from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4 p.m.
Freshmen and lower division
students arc conferring with ad
visers today in the first step of
pre-rcgistration for winter quar
ter.
Yesterday upper division and
graduate students completed pre
registration procedures.
Office hours of the advisers of
freshmen and lower division stu
dents ate listed in the winter
quarter time schedule, which is
available in Room 111-A, Regis
trar's Office.
After filling out the study lists
and having them signed by advis
ers, students should sign class
lists for any classes marked. "8"
in the time schedule, according to
Elmer C. Wagner, associate reg
istrar. Women planning to regis
ter for physical education may
sign lists at the Women's Physi
cal Education Department today,
tomorrow, Friday and Saturday,
from 8 a.m. to noon and from 1
to 5 p.m.
Pre-rcgistration in lower divi
sion French conversation classes
will be in Room 399 today, tomor
row and Friday from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4 p.m.
Freshmen and lower division
students arc conferring with ad
visers today in the first step of
pre-rcgistration for winter quar
ter.
Yesterday upper division and
graduate students completed pre
registration procedures.
Office hours of the advisers of
freshmen and lower division stu
dents ate listed in the winter
quarter time schedule, which is
available in Room 111-A, Regis
trar's Office.
After filling out the study lists
and having them signed by advis
ers, students should sign class
lists for any classes marked. "8"
in the time schedule, according to
Elmer C. Wagner, associate reg
istrar. Women planning to regis
ter for physical education may
sign lists at the Women's Physi
cal Education Department today,
tomorrow, Friday and Saturday,
from 8 a.m. to noon and from 1
to 5 p.m.
Pre-rcgistration in lower divi
sion French conversation classes
will be in Room 399 today, tomor
row and Friday from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4 p.m.
Freshmen and lower division
students arc conferring with ad
visers today in the first step of
pre-rcgistration for winter quar
ter.
Yesterday upper division and
graduate students completed pre
registration procedures.
Office hours of the advisers of
freshmen and lower division stu
dents ate listed in the winter
quarter time schedule, which is
available in Room 111-A, Regis
trar's Office.
After filling out the study lists
and having them signed by advis
ers, students should sign class
lists for any classes marked. "8"
in the time schedule, according to
Elmer C. Wagner, associate reg
istrar. Women planning to regis
ter for physical education may
sign lists at the Women's Physi
cal Education Department today,
tomorrow, Friday and Saturday,
from 8 a.m. to noon and from 1
to 5 p.m.
Pre-rcgistration in lower divi
sion French conversation classes
will be in Room 399 today, tomor
row and Friday from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4 p.m.
Freshmen and lower division
students arc conferring with ad
visers today in the first step of
pre-rcgistration for winter quar
ter.
Yesterday upper division and
graduate students completed pre
registration procedures.
Office hours of the advisers of
freshmen and lower division stu
dents ate listed in the winter
quarter time schedule, which is
available in Room 111-A, Regis
trar's Office.
After filling out the study lists
and having them signed by advis
ers, students should sign class
lists for any classes marked. "8"
in the time schedule, according to
Elmer C. Wagner, associate reg
istrar. Women planning to regis
ter for physical education may
sign lists at the Women's Physi
cal Education Department today,
tomorrow, Friday and Saturday,
from 8 a.m. to noon and from 1
to 5 p.m.
Pre-rcgistration in lower divi
sion French conversation classes
will be in Room 399 today, tomor
row and Friday from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4 p.m.
Freshmen and lower division
students arc conferring with ad
visers today in the first step of
pre-rcgistration for winter quar
ter.
Yesterday upper division and
graduate students completed pre
registration procedures.
Office hours of the advisers of
freshmen and lower division stu
dents ate listed in the winter
quarter time schedule, which is
available in Room 111-A, Regis
trar's Office.
After filling out the study lists
and having them signed by advis
ers, students should sign class
lists for any classes marked. "8"
in the time schedule, according to
Elmer C. Wagner, associate reg
istrar. Women planning to regis
ter for physical education may
sign lists at the Women's Physi
cal Education Department today,
tomorrow, Friday and Saturday,
from 8 a.m. to noon and from 1
to 5 p.m.
Pre-rcgistration in lower divi
sion French conversation classes
will be in Room 399 today, tomor
row and Friday from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4 p.m.
Freshmen and lower division
students arc conferring with ad
visers today in the first step of
pre-rcgistration for winter quar
ter.
Yesterday upper division and
graduate students completed pre
registration procedures.
Office hours of the advisers of
freshmen and lower division stu
dents ate listed in the winter
quarter time schedule, which is
available in Room 111-A, Regis
trar's Office.
After filling out the study lists
and having them signed by advis
ers, students should sign class
lists for any classes marked. "8"
in the time schedule, according to
Elmer C. Wagner, associate reg
istrar. Women planning to regis
ter for physical education may
sign lists at the Women's Physi
cal Education Department today,
tomorrow, Friday and Saturday,
from 8 a.m. to noon and from 1
to 5 p.m.
Pre-rcgistration in lower divi
sion French conversation classes
will be in Room 399 today, tomor
row and Friday from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4 p.m.
Freshmen and lower division
students arc conferring with ad
visers today in the first step of
pre-rcgistration for winter quar
ter.
Yesterday upper division and
graduate students completed pre
registration procedures.
Office hours of the advisers of
freshmen and lower division stu
dents ate listed in the winter
quarter time schedule, which is
available in Room 111-A, Regis
trar's Office.
After filling out the study lists
and having them signed by advis
ers, students should sign class
lists for any classes marked. "8"
in the time schedule, according to
Elmer C. Wagner, associate reg
istrar. Women planning to regis
ter for physical education may
sign lists at the Women's Physi
cal Education Department today,
tomorrow, Friday and Saturday,
from 8 a.m. to noon and from 1
to 5 p.m.
Pre-rcgistration in lower divi
sion French conversation classes
will be in Room 399 today, tomor
row and Friday from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4 p.m.
Freshmen and lower division
students arc conferring with ad
visers today in the first step of
pre-rcgistration for winter quar
ter.
Yesterday upper division and
graduate students completed pre
registration procedures.
Office hours of the advisers of
freshmen and lower division stu
dents ate listed in the winter
quarter time schedule, which is
available in Room 111-A, Regis
trar's Office.
After filling out the study lists
and having them signed by advis
ers, students should sign class
lists for any classes marked. "8"
in the time schedule, according to
Elmer C. Wagner, associate reg
istrar. Women planning to regis
ter for physical education may
sign lists at the Women's Physi
cal Education Department today,
tomorrow, Friday and Saturday,
from 8 a.m. to noon and from 1
to 5 p.m.
Pre-rcgistration in lower divi
sion French conversation classes
will be in Room 399 today, tomor
row and Friday from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4 p.m.
Freshmen and lower division
students arc conferring with ad
visers today in the first step of
pre-rcgistration for winter quar
ter.
Yesterday upper division and
graduate students completed pre
registration procedures.
Office hours of the advisers of
freshmen and lower division stu
dents ate listed in the winter
quarter time schedule, which is
available in Room 111-A, Regis
trar's Office.
After filling out the study lists
and having them signed by advis
ers, students should sign class
lists for any classes marked. "8"
in the time schedule, according to
Elmer C. Wagner, associate reg
istrar. Women planning to regis
ter for physical education may
sign lists at the Women's Physi
cal Education Department today,
tomorrow, Friday and Saturday,
from 8 a.m. to noon and from 1
to 5 p.m.
Pre-rcgistration in lower divi
sion French conversation classes
will be in Room 399 today, tomor
row and Friday from 8:30 a.m. to
noon and from 1 to 4 p.m.
