# Guidance Worker Named Professor
## 
### 
Dr. Lois Hilgeman Crane has
been appointed assistant profes
sor of psychology, President VVal
iare Sterling announced yester
day.
Dr. Crane is also senior coun
selor at the Stanford Counseling
and Testing Center. She was as
sistant professor of psychology at
the University of Pitts h u r g h
School of Medicine from 1951 to
1956.
Dr. Lois Hilgeman Crane has
been appointed assistant profes
sor of psychology, President VVal
iare Sterling announced yester
day.
Dr. Crane is also senior coun
selor at the Stanford Counseling
and Testing Center. She was as
sistant professor of psychology at
the University of Pitts h u r g h
School of Medicine from 1951 to
1956.
Dr. Lois Hilgeman Crane has
been appointed assistant profes
sor of psychology, President VVal
iare Sterling announced yester
day.
Dr. Crane is also senior coun
selor at the Stanford Counseling
and Testing Center. She was as
sistant professor of psychology at
the University of Pitts h u r g h
School of Medicine from 1951 to
1956.
Dr. Lois Hilgeman Crane has
been appointed assistant profes
sor of psychology, President VVal
iare Sterling announced yester
day.
Dr. Crane is also senior coun
selor at the Stanford Counseling
and Testing Center. She was as
sistant professor of psychology at
the University of Pitts h u r g h
School of Medicine from 1951 to
1956.
Dr. Lois Hilgeman Crane has
been appointed assistant profes
sor of psychology, President VVal
iare Sterling announced yester
day.
Dr. Crane is also senior coun
selor at the Stanford Counseling
and Testing Center. She was as
sistant professor of psychology at
the University of Pitts h u r g h
School of Medicine from 1951 to
1956.
Dr. Lois Hilgeman Crane has
been appointed assistant profes
sor of psychology, President VVal
iare Sterling announced yester
day.
Dr. Crane is also senior coun
selor at the Stanford Counseling
and Testing Center. She was as
sistant professor of psychology at
the University of Pitts h u r g h
School of Medicine from 1951 to
1956.
Dr. Lois Hilgeman Crane has
been appointed assistant profes
sor of psychology, President VVal
iare Sterling announced yester
day.
Dr. Crane is also senior coun
selor at the Stanford Counseling
and Testing Center. She was as
sistant professor of psychology at
the University of Pitts h u r g h
School of Medicine from 1951 to
1956.
Dr. Lois Hilgeman Crane has
been appointed assistant profes
sor of psychology, President VVal
iare Sterling announced yester
day.
Dr. Crane is also senior coun
selor at the Stanford Counseling
and Testing Center. She was as
sistant professor of psychology at
the University of Pitts h u r g h
School of Medicine from 1951 to
1956.
Dr. Lois Hilgeman Crane has
been appointed assistant profes
sor of psychology, President VVal
iare Sterling announced yester
day.
Dr. Crane is also senior coun
selor at the Stanford Counseling
and Testing Center. She was as
sistant professor of psychology at
the University of Pitts h u r g h
School of Medicine from 1951 to
1956.
Dr. Lois Hilgeman Crane has
been appointed assistant profes
sor of psychology, President VVal
iare Sterling announced yester
day.
Dr. Crane is also senior coun
selor at the Stanford Counseling
and Testing Center. She was as
sistant professor of psychology at
the University of Pitts h u r g h
School of Medicine from 1951 to
1956.
Dr. Lois Hilgeman Crane has
been appointed assistant profes
sor of psychology, President VVal
iare Sterling announced yester
day.
Dr. Crane is also senior coun
selor at the Stanford Counseling
and Testing Center. She was as
sistant professor of psychology at
the University of Pitts h u r g h
School of Medicine from 1951 to
1956.
Dr. Lois Hilgeman Crane has
been appointed assistant profes
sor of psychology, President VVal
iare Sterling announced yester
day.
Dr. Crane is also senior coun
selor at the Stanford Counseling
and Testing Center. She was as
sistant professor of psychology at
the University of Pitts h u r g h
School of Medicine from 1951 to
1956.
Dr. Lois Hilgeman Crane has
been appointed assistant profes
sor of psychology, President VVal
iare Sterling announced yester
day.
Dr. Crane is also senior coun
selor at the Stanford Counseling
and Testing Center. She was as
sistant professor of psychology at
the University of Pitts h u r g h
School of Medicine from 1951 to
1956.
Dr. Lois Hilgeman Crane has
been appointed assistant profes
sor of psychology, President VVal
iare Sterling announced yester
day.
Dr. Crane is also senior coun
selor at the Stanford Counseling
and Testing Center. She was as
sistant professor of psychology at
the University of Pitts h u r g h
School of Medicine from 1951 to
1956.
Dr. Lois Hilgeman Crane has
been appointed assistant profes
sor of psychology, President VVal
iare Sterling announced yester
day.
Dr. Crane is also senior coun
selor at the Stanford Counseling
and Testing Center. She was as
sistant professor of psychology at
the University of Pitts h u r g h
School of Medicine from 1951 to
1956.
