# Adv. 21 Page 4
## 
### 
256 STOPS
Sounds like a heavy day on Bay
shore. Actually the Number of
stop keys on the "Mighty
WURLITZER" organ played by
George Wright.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. - DA 3-5791
256 STOPS
Sounds like a heavy day on Bay
shore. Actually the Number of
stop keys on the "Mighty
WURLITZER" organ played by
George Wright.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. - DA 3-5791
256 STOPS
Sounds like a heavy day on Bay
shore. Actually the Number of
stop keys on the "Mighty
WURLITZER" organ played by
George Wright.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. - DA 3-5791
256 STOPS
Sounds like a heavy day on Bay
shore. Actually the Number of
stop keys on the "Mighty
WURLITZER" organ played by
George Wright.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. - DA 3-5791
256 STOPS
Sounds like a heavy day on Bay
shore. Actually the Number of
stop keys on the "Mighty
WURLITZER" organ played by
George Wright.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. - DA 3-5791
256 STOPS
Sounds like a heavy day on Bay
shore. Actually the Number of
stop keys on the "Mighty
WURLITZER" organ played by
George Wright.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. - DA 3-5791
256 STOPS
Sounds like a heavy day on Bay
shore. Actually the Number of
stop keys on the "Mighty
WURLITZER" organ played by
George Wright.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. - DA 3-5791
256 STOPS
Sounds like a heavy day on Bay
shore. Actually the Number of
stop keys on the "Mighty
WURLITZER" organ played by
George Wright.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. - DA 3-5791
256 STOPS
Sounds like a heavy day on Bay
shore. Actually the Number of
stop keys on the "Mighty
WURLITZER" organ played by
George Wright.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. - DA 3-5791
256 STOPS
Sounds like a heavy day on Bay
shore. Actually the Number of
stop keys on the "Mighty
WURLITZER" organ played by
George Wright.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. - DA 3-5791
256 STOPS
Sounds like a heavy day on Bay
shore. Actually the Number of
stop keys on the "Mighty
WURLITZER" organ played by
George Wright.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. - DA 3-5791
256 STOPS
Sounds like a heavy day on Bay
shore. Actually the Number of
stop keys on the "Mighty
WURLITZER" organ played by
George Wright.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. - DA 3-5791
256 STOPS
Sounds like a heavy day on Bay
shore. Actually the Number of
stop keys on the "Mighty
WURLITZER" organ played by
George Wright.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. - DA 3-5791
256 STOPS
Sounds like a heavy day on Bay
shore. Actually the Number of
stop keys on the "Mighty
WURLITZER" organ played by
George Wright.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. - DA 3-5791
256 STOPS
Sounds like a heavy day on Bay
shore. Actually the Number of
stop keys on the "Mighty
WURLITZER" organ played by
George Wright.
PALO ALTO
Melody Lane
388 University Ave. - DA 3-5791
