# The 						Old Lady and Friends
## 
### 
DEAD? OF COURSE!—Roth and Theta Chi joined forces in the Spring Sing with a rendition of
"The Old Lady Who Swallowed the Fly." Above are the two groups and the "old lady" who
died at the end of the song. See story on page 1.


Pete Robinson
DEAD? OF COURSE!—Roth and Theta Chi joined forces in the Spring Sing with a rendition of
"The Old Lady Who Swallowed the Fly." Above are the two groups and the "old lady" who
died at the end of the song. See story on page 1.


Pete Robinson
DEAD? OF COURSE!—Roth and Theta Chi joined forces in the Spring Sing with a rendition of
"The Old Lady Who Swallowed the Fly." Above are the two groups and the "old lady" who
died at the end of the song. See story on page 1.


Pete Robinson
DEAD? OF COURSE!—Roth and Theta Chi joined forces in the Spring Sing with a rendition of
"The Old Lady Who Swallowed the Fly." Above are the two groups and the "old lady" who
died at the end of the song. See story on page 1.


Pete Robinson
DEAD? OF COURSE!—Roth and Theta Chi joined forces in the Spring Sing with a rendition of
"The Old Lady Who Swallowed the Fly." Above are the two groups and the "old lady" who
died at the end of the song. See story on page 1.


Pete Robinson
DEAD? OF COURSE!—Roth and Theta Chi joined forces in the Spring Sing with a rendition of
"The Old Lady Who Swallowed the Fly." Above are the two groups and the "old lady" who
died at the end of the song. See story on page 1.


Pete Robinson
DEAD? OF COURSE!—Roth and Theta Chi joined forces in the Spring Sing with a rendition of
"The Old Lady Who Swallowed the Fly." Above are the two groups and the "old lady" who
died at the end of the song. See story on page 1.


Pete Robinson
DEAD? OF COURSE!—Roth and Theta Chi joined forces in the Spring Sing with a rendition of
"The Old Lady Who Swallowed the Fly." Above are the two groups and the "old lady" who
died at the end of the song. See story on page 1.


Pete Robinson
DEAD? OF COURSE!—Roth and Theta Chi joined forces in the Spring Sing with a rendition of
"The Old Lady Who Swallowed the Fly." Above are the two groups and the "old lady" who
died at the end of the song. See story on page 1.


Pete Robinson
DEAD? OF COURSE!—Roth and Theta Chi joined forces in the Spring Sing with a rendition of
"The Old Lady Who Swallowed the Fly." Above are the two groups and the "old lady" who
died at the end of the song. See story on page 1.


Pete Robinson
DEAD? OF COURSE!—Roth and Theta Chi joined forces in the Spring Sing with a rendition of
"The Old Lady Who Swallowed the Fly." Above are the two groups and the "old lady" who
died at the end of the song. See story on page 1.


Pete Robinson
DEAD? OF COURSE!—Roth and Theta Chi joined forces in the Spring Sing with a rendition of
"The Old Lady Who Swallowed the Fly." Above are the two groups and the "old lady" who
died at the end of the song. See story on page 1.


Pete Robinson
DEAD? OF COURSE!—Roth and Theta Chi joined forces in the Spring Sing with a rendition of
"The Old Lady Who Swallowed the Fly." Above are the two groups and the "old lady" who
died at the end of the song. See story on page 1.


Pete Robinson
DEAD? OF COURSE!—Roth and Theta Chi joined forces in the Spring Sing with a rendition of
"The Old Lady Who Swallowed the Fly." Above are the two groups and the "old lady" who
died at the end of the song. See story on page 1.


Pete Robinson
DEAD? OF COURSE!—Roth and Theta Chi joined forces in the Spring Sing with a rendition of
"The Old Lady Who Swallowed the Fly." Above are the two groups and the "old lady" who
died at the end of the song. See story on page 1.


Pete Robinson
