# Final Pre-med Meeting
## 
### 
The final meeting of Sigma Phi
Sigma, Stanford pre - medical and
pre-nursing society, for spring quar
ter will be at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday
in Bowman Alumni House. Cuest
speaker will be Dr. Sidney Ruffel,
professor of bacteriology, who will
talk on medical education and re
search.
Election of officers will be held
at a special session following tin
speaker. Refreshments will be
served.
The final meeting of Sigma Phi
Sigma, Stanford pre - medical and
pre-nursing society, for spring quar
ter will be at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday
in Bowman Alumni House. Cuest
speaker will be Dr. Sidney Ruffel,
professor of bacteriology, who will
talk on medical education and re
search.
Election of officers will be held
at a special session following tin
speaker. Refreshments will be
served.
The final meeting of Sigma Phi
Sigma, Stanford pre - medical and
pre-nursing society, for spring quar
ter will be at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday
in Bowman Alumni House. Cuest
speaker will be Dr. Sidney Ruffel,
professor of bacteriology, who will
talk on medical education and re
search.
Election of officers will be held
at a special session following tin
speaker. Refreshments will be
served.
The final meeting of Sigma Phi
Sigma, Stanford pre - medical and
pre-nursing society, for spring quar
ter will be at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday
in Bowman Alumni House. Cuest
speaker will be Dr. Sidney Ruffel,
professor of bacteriology, who will
talk on medical education and re
search.
Election of officers will be held
at a special session following tin
speaker. Refreshments will be
served.
The final meeting of Sigma Phi
Sigma, Stanford pre - medical and
pre-nursing society, for spring quar
ter will be at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday
in Bowman Alumni House. Cuest
speaker will be Dr. Sidney Ruffel,
professor of bacteriology, who will
talk on medical education and re
search.
Election of officers will be held
at a special session following tin
speaker. Refreshments will be
served.
The final meeting of Sigma Phi
Sigma, Stanford pre - medical and
pre-nursing society, for spring quar
ter will be at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday
in Bowman Alumni House. Cuest
speaker will be Dr. Sidney Ruffel,
professor of bacteriology, who will
talk on medical education and re
search.
Election of officers will be held
at a special session following tin
speaker. Refreshments will be
served.
The final meeting of Sigma Phi
Sigma, Stanford pre - medical and
pre-nursing society, for spring quar
ter will be at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday
in Bowman Alumni House. Cuest
speaker will be Dr. Sidney Ruffel,
professor of bacteriology, who will
talk on medical education and re
search.
Election of officers will be held
at a special session following tin
speaker. Refreshments will be
served.
The final meeting of Sigma Phi
Sigma, Stanford pre - medical and
pre-nursing society, for spring quar
ter will be at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday
in Bowman Alumni House. Cuest
speaker will be Dr. Sidney Ruffel,
professor of bacteriology, who will
talk on medical education and re
search.
Election of officers will be held
at a special session following tin
speaker. Refreshments will be
served.
The final meeting of Sigma Phi
Sigma, Stanford pre - medical and
pre-nursing society, for spring quar
ter will be at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday
in Bowman Alumni House. Cuest
speaker will be Dr. Sidney Ruffel,
professor of bacteriology, who will
talk on medical education and re
search.
Election of officers will be held
at a special session following tin
speaker. Refreshments will be
served.
The final meeting of Sigma Phi
Sigma, Stanford pre - medical and
pre-nursing society, for spring quar
ter will be at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday
in Bowman Alumni House. Cuest
speaker will be Dr. Sidney Ruffel,
professor of bacteriology, who will
talk on medical education and re
search.
Election of officers will be held
at a special session following tin
speaker. Refreshments will be
served.
The final meeting of Sigma Phi
Sigma, Stanford pre - medical and
pre-nursing society, for spring quar
ter will be at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday
in Bowman Alumni House. Cuest
speaker will be Dr. Sidney Ruffel,
professor of bacteriology, who will
talk on medical education and re
search.
Election of officers will be held
at a special session following tin
speaker. Refreshments will be
served.
The final meeting of Sigma Phi
Sigma, Stanford pre - medical and
pre-nursing society, for spring quar
ter will be at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday
in Bowman Alumni House. Cuest
speaker will be Dr. Sidney Ruffel,
professor of bacteriology, who will
talk on medical education and re
search.
Election of officers will be held
at a special session following tin
speaker. Refreshments will be
served.
The final meeting of Sigma Phi
Sigma, Stanford pre - medical and
pre-nursing society, for spring quar
ter will be at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday
in Bowman Alumni House. Cuest
speaker will be Dr. Sidney Ruffel,
professor of bacteriology, who will
talk on medical education and re
search.
Election of officers will be held
at a special session following tin
speaker. Refreshments will be
served.
The final meeting of Sigma Phi
Sigma, Stanford pre - medical and
pre-nursing society, for spring quar
ter will be at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday
in Bowman Alumni House. Cuest
speaker will be Dr. Sidney Ruffel,
professor of bacteriology, who will
talk on medical education and re
search.
Election of officers will be held
at a special session following tin
speaker. Refreshments will be
served.
The final meeting of Sigma Phi
Sigma, Stanford pre - medical and
pre-nursing society, for spring quar
ter will be at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday
in Bowman Alumni House. Cuest
speaker will be Dr. Sidney Ruffel,
professor of bacteriology, who will
talk on medical education and re
search.
Election of officers will be held
at a special session following tin
speaker. Refreshments will be
served.
