# Young Demo Officers
## 
### 
Dick Lee was recently elected
president of the Young Democrats of
the Stanford Area.
Other officers are Judy Lehman,
vice-president-secretary: Los Ma
zor, finance and membership direc
tor; Jay Rea, program director; and
John Falchi, political action direc
tor.
Dick Lee was recently elected
president of the Young Democrats of
the Stanford Area.
Other officers are Judy Lehman,
vice-president-secretary: Los Ma
zor, finance and membership direc
tor; Jay Rea, program director; and
John Falchi, political action direc
tor.
Dick Lee was recently elected
president of the Young Democrats of
the Stanford Area.
Other officers are Judy Lehman,
vice-president-secretary: Los Ma
zor, finance and membership direc
tor; Jay Rea, program director; and
John Falchi, political action direc
tor.
Dick Lee was recently elected
president of the Young Democrats of
the Stanford Area.
Other officers are Judy Lehman,
vice-president-secretary: Los Ma
zor, finance and membership direc
tor; Jay Rea, program director; and
John Falchi, political action direc
tor.
Dick Lee was recently elected
president of the Young Democrats of
the Stanford Area.
Other officers are Judy Lehman,
vice-president-secretary: Los Ma
zor, finance and membership direc
tor; Jay Rea, program director; and
John Falchi, political action direc
tor.
Dick Lee was recently elected
president of the Young Democrats of
the Stanford Area.
Other officers are Judy Lehman,
vice-president-secretary: Los Ma
zor, finance and membership direc
tor; Jay Rea, program director; and
John Falchi, political action direc
tor.
Dick Lee was recently elected
president of the Young Democrats of
the Stanford Area.
Other officers are Judy Lehman,
vice-president-secretary: Los Ma
zor, finance and membership direc
tor; Jay Rea, program director; and
John Falchi, political action direc
tor.
Dick Lee was recently elected
president of the Young Democrats of
the Stanford Area.
Other officers are Judy Lehman,
vice-president-secretary: Los Ma
zor, finance and membership direc
tor; Jay Rea, program director; and
John Falchi, political action direc
tor.
Dick Lee was recently elected
president of the Young Democrats of
the Stanford Area.
Other officers are Judy Lehman,
vice-president-secretary: Los Ma
zor, finance and membership direc
tor; Jay Rea, program director; and
John Falchi, political action direc
tor.
Dick Lee was recently elected
president of the Young Democrats of
the Stanford Area.
Other officers are Judy Lehman,
vice-president-secretary: Los Ma
zor, finance and membership direc
tor; Jay Rea, program director; and
John Falchi, political action direc
tor.
Dick Lee was recently elected
president of the Young Democrats of
the Stanford Area.
Other officers are Judy Lehman,
vice-president-secretary: Los Ma
zor, finance and membership direc
tor; Jay Rea, program director; and
John Falchi, political action direc
tor.
Dick Lee was recently elected
president of the Young Democrats of
the Stanford Area.
Other officers are Judy Lehman,
vice-president-secretary: Los Ma
zor, finance and membership direc
tor; Jay Rea, program director; and
John Falchi, political action direc
tor.
Dick Lee was recently elected
president of the Young Democrats of
the Stanford Area.
Other officers are Judy Lehman,
vice-president-secretary: Los Ma
zor, finance and membership direc
tor; Jay Rea, program director; and
John Falchi, political action direc
tor.
Dick Lee was recently elected
president of the Young Democrats of
the Stanford Area.
Other officers are Judy Lehman,
vice-president-secretary: Los Ma
zor, finance and membership direc
tor; Jay Rea, program director; and
John Falchi, political action direc
tor.
Dick Lee was recently elected
president of the Young Democrats of
the Stanford Area.
Other officers are Judy Lehman,
vice-president-secretary: Los Ma
zor, finance and membership direc
tor; Jay Rea, program director; and
John Falchi, political action direc
tor.
