# Treasurership Difficulty.
## 
### 
This evening the regular weekly
meeting of the student body Exec
utive Committee takes place. It is
rumored that negotiations for the
settlement of the treasurership dif
ficulty may be brought to a close.
This evening the regular weekly
meeting of the student body Exec
utive Committee takes place. It is
rumored that negotiations for the
settlement of the treasurership dif
ficulty may be brought to a close.
This evening the regular weekly
meeting of the student body Exec
utive Committee takes place. It is
rumored that negotiations for the
settlement of the treasurership dif
ficulty may be brought to a close.
This evening the regular weekly
meeting of the student body Exec
utive Committee takes place. It is
rumored that negotiations for the
settlement of the treasurership dif
ficulty may be brought to a close.
This evening the regular weekly
meeting of the student body Exec
utive Committee takes place. It is
rumored that negotiations for the
settlement of the treasurership dif
ficulty may be brought to a close.
This evening the regular weekly
meeting of the student body Exec
utive Committee takes place. It is
rumored that negotiations for the
settlement of the treasurership dif
ficulty may be brought to a close.
This evening the regular weekly
meeting of the student body Exec
utive Committee takes place. It is
rumored that negotiations for the
settlement of the treasurership dif
ficulty may be brought to a close.
