# Adv. 1 Page 1
## 
### 
COMBINE
CORDIALITY
WITH
DISTINCTION
SEND ENCRAVED
CHRISTMAS CARDS
A large selection of new and
artistic models awaits your
choicc at the
•
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
On the Campus
COMBINE
CORDIALITY
WITH
DISTINCTION
SEND ENCRAVED
CHRISTMAS CARDS
A large selection of new and
artistic models awaits your
choicc at the
•
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
On the Campus
COMBINE
CORDIALITY
WITH
DISTINCTION
SEND ENCRAVED
CHRISTMAS CARDS
A large selection of new and
artistic models awaits your
choicc at the
•
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
On the Campus
COMBINE
CORDIALITY
WITH
DISTINCTION
SEND ENCRAVED
CHRISTMAS CARDS
A large selection of new and
artistic models awaits your
choicc at the
•
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
On the Campus
COMBINE
CORDIALITY
WITH
DISTINCTION
SEND ENCRAVED
CHRISTMAS CARDS
A large selection of new and
artistic models awaits your
choicc at the
•
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
On the Campus
COMBINE
CORDIALITY
WITH
DISTINCTION
SEND ENCRAVED
CHRISTMAS CARDS
A large selection of new and
artistic models awaits your
choicc at the
•
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
On the Campus
COMBINE
CORDIALITY
WITH
DISTINCTION
SEND ENCRAVED
CHRISTMAS CARDS
A large selection of new and
artistic models awaits your
choicc at the
•
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
On the Campus
COMBINE
CORDIALITY
WITH
DISTINCTION
SEND ENCRAVED
CHRISTMAS CARDS
A large selection of new and
artistic models awaits your
choicc at the
•
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
On the Campus
COMBINE
CORDIALITY
WITH
DISTINCTION
SEND ENCRAVED
CHRISTMAS CARDS
A large selection of new and
artistic models awaits your
choicc at the
•
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
On the Campus
COMBINE
CORDIALITY
WITH
DISTINCTION
SEND ENCRAVED
CHRISTMAS CARDS
A large selection of new and
artistic models awaits your
choicc at the
•
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
On the Campus
COMBINE
CORDIALITY
WITH
DISTINCTION
SEND ENCRAVED
CHRISTMAS CARDS
A large selection of new and
artistic models awaits your
choicc at the
•
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
On the Campus
COMBINE
CORDIALITY
WITH
DISTINCTION
SEND ENCRAVED
CHRISTMAS CARDS
A large selection of new and
artistic models awaits your
choicc at the
•
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
On the Campus
COMBINE
CORDIALITY
WITH
DISTINCTION
SEND ENCRAVED
CHRISTMAS CARDS
A large selection of new and
artistic models awaits your
choicc at the
•
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
On the Campus
COMBINE
CORDIALITY
WITH
DISTINCTION
SEND ENCRAVED
CHRISTMAS CARDS
A large selection of new and
artistic models awaits your
choicc at the
•
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
On the Campus
COMBINE
CORDIALITY
WITH
DISTINCTION
SEND ENCRAVED
CHRISTMAS CARDS
A large selection of new and
artistic models awaits your
choicc at the
•
STANFORD
BOOKSTORE
On the Campus
