# Democratic Verbiage
## 
### 
Democracy is a great thing. The prospect of 120,000,000
people marching to the polls to run their government is a
great sight even if it never happens. But even if the United
States is theoretically "of" and "by" the people, its laws
are not "for" the people to do with them what they will.
The Daily joins with yesterday's Campus Opinioner in
urging that fundamentally laws do spring from the people.
Hut likewise do measles and the general wealth of the
country. Because a thousand of Democracy's millions have
helped to build the Empire State Building, they are not
justified in rushing in at any time of the morning or eve
ning, and laying claim to their cubic inch of that lofty
structure.
The laws of the land are made to serve all of the people
all of the time. This by no stretch of the imagination im
plies thai the whole body of jurisprudence must do a song
and dance act every time some hairbrained enthusiast
puckers his lips and whistles "The Stars and Stripes For
ever."
it law must bend the back and rub belly in the dust
whenever the popular fancy choose to dictate, it becomes
emasculated and worthless. Laws are made by reason;
men are lynched by emotion. In the hubbub of the lynch
ing-heat no man can make judicial decision. If the 11101)
prevails, the law is dead momentarily and permanently.
Democracy is a great thing. The prospect of 120,000,000
people marching to the polls to run their government is a
great sight even if it never happens. But even if the United
States is theoretically "of" and "by" the people, its laws
are not "for" the people to do with them what they will.
The Daily joins with yesterday's Campus Opinioner in
urging that fundamentally laws do spring from the people.
Hut likewise do measles and the general wealth of the
country. Because a thousand of Democracy's millions have
helped to build the Empire State Building, they are not
justified in rushing in at any time of the morning or eve
ning, and laying claim to their cubic inch of that lofty
structure.
The laws of the land are made to serve all of the people
all of the time. This by no stretch of the imagination im
plies thai the whole body of jurisprudence must do a song
and dance act every time some hairbrained enthusiast
puckers his lips and whistles "The Stars and Stripes For
ever."
it law must bend the back and rub belly in the dust
whenever the popular fancy choose to dictate, it becomes
emasculated and worthless. Laws are made by reason;
men are lynched by emotion. In the hubbub of the lynch
ing-heat no man can make judicial decision. If the 11101)
prevails, the law is dead momentarily and permanently.
Democracy is a great thing. The prospect of 120,000,000
people marching to the polls to run their government is a
great sight even if it never happens. But even if the United
States is theoretically "of" and "by" the people, its laws
are not "for" the people to do with them what they will.
The Daily joins with yesterday's Campus Opinioner in
urging that fundamentally laws do spring from the people.
Hut likewise do measles and the general wealth of the
country. Because a thousand of Democracy's millions have
helped to build the Empire State Building, they are not
justified in rushing in at any time of the morning or eve
ning, and laying claim to their cubic inch of that lofty
structure.
The laws of the land are made to serve all of the people
all of the time. This by no stretch of the imagination im
plies thai the whole body of jurisprudence must do a song
and dance act every time some hairbrained enthusiast
puckers his lips and whistles "The Stars and Stripes For
ever."
it law must bend the back and rub belly in the dust
whenever the popular fancy choose to dictate, it becomes
emasculated and worthless. Laws are made by reason;
men are lynched by emotion. In the hubbub of the lynch
ing-heat no man can make judicial decision. If the 11101)
prevails, the law is dead momentarily and permanently.
Democracy is a great thing. The prospect of 120,000,000
people marching to the polls to run their government is a
great sight even if it never happens. But even if the United
States is theoretically "of" and "by" the people, its laws
are not "for" the people to do with them what they will.
The Daily joins with yesterday's Campus Opinioner in
urging that fundamentally laws do spring from the people.
Hut likewise do measles and the general wealth of the
country. Because a thousand of Democracy's millions have
helped to build the Empire State Building, they are not
justified in rushing in at any time of the morning or eve
ning, and laying claim to their cubic inch of that lofty
structure.
The laws of the land are made to serve all of the people
all of the time. This by no stretch of the imagination im
plies thai the whole body of jurisprudence must do a song
and dance act every time some hairbrained enthusiast
puckers his lips and whistles "The Stars and Stripes For
ever."
it law must bend the back and rub belly in the dust
whenever the popular fancy choose to dictate, it becomes
emasculated and worthless. Laws are made by reason;
men are lynched by emotion. In the hubbub of the lynch
ing-heat no man can make judicial decision. If the 11101)
prevails, the law is dead momentarily and permanently.
Democracy is a great thing. The prospect of 120,000,000
people marching to the polls to run their government is a
great sight even if it never happens. But even if the United
States is theoretically "of" and "by" the people, its laws
are not "for" the people to do with them what they will.
The Daily joins with yesterday's Campus Opinioner in
urging that fundamentally laws do spring from the people.
Hut likewise do measles and the general wealth of the
country. Because a thousand of Democracy's millions have
helped to build the Empire State Building, they are not
justified in rushing in at any time of the morning or eve
ning, and laying claim to their cubic inch of that lofty
structure.
The laws of the land are made to serve all of the people
all of the time. This by no stretch of the imagination im
plies thai the whole body of jurisprudence must do a song
and dance act every time some hairbrained enthusiast
puckers his lips and whistles "The Stars and Stripes For
ever."
it law must bend the back and rub belly in the dust
whenever the popular fancy choose to dictate, it becomes
emasculated and worthless. Laws are made by reason;
men are lynched by emotion. In the hubbub of the lynch
ing-heat no man can make judicial decision. If the 11101)
prevails, the law is dead momentarily and permanently.
Democracy is a great thing. The prospect of 120,000,000
people marching to the polls to run their government is a
great sight even if it never happens. But even if the United
States is theoretically "of" and "by" the people, its laws
are not "for" the people to do with them what they will.
The Daily joins with yesterday's Campus Opinioner in
urging that fundamentally laws do spring from the people.
Hut likewise do measles and the general wealth of the
country. Because a thousand of Democracy's millions have
helped to build the Empire State Building, they are not
justified in rushing in at any time of the morning or eve
ning, and laying claim to their cubic inch of that lofty
structure.
The laws of the land are made to serve all of the people
all of the time. This by no stretch of the imagination im
plies thai the whole body of jurisprudence must do a song
and dance act every time some hairbrained enthusiast
puckers his lips and whistles "The Stars and Stripes For
ever."
it law must bend the back and rub belly in the dust
whenever the popular fancy choose to dictate, it becomes
emasculated and worthless. Laws are made by reason;
men are lynched by emotion. In the hubbub of the lynch
ing-heat no man can make judicial decision. If the 11101)
prevails, the law is dead momentarily and permanently.
Democracy is a great thing. The prospect of 120,000,000
people marching to the polls to run their government is a
great sight even if it never happens. But even if the United
States is theoretically "of" and "by" the people, its laws
are not "for" the people to do with them what they will.
The Daily joins with yesterday's Campus Opinioner in
urging that fundamentally laws do spring from the people.
Hut likewise do measles and the general wealth of the
country. Because a thousand of Democracy's millions have
helped to build the Empire State Building, they are not
justified in rushing in at any time of the morning or eve
ning, and laying claim to their cubic inch of that lofty
structure.
The laws of the land are made to serve all of the people
all of the time. This by no stretch of the imagination im
plies thai the whole body of jurisprudence must do a song
and dance act every time some hairbrained enthusiast
puckers his lips and whistles "The Stars and Stripes For
ever."
it law must bend the back and rub belly in the dust
whenever the popular fancy choose to dictate, it becomes
emasculated and worthless. Laws are made by reason;
men are lynched by emotion. In the hubbub of the lynch
ing-heat no man can make judicial decision. If the 11101)
prevails, the law is dead momentarily and permanently.
Democracy is a great thing. The prospect of 120,000,000
people marching to the polls to run their government is a
great sight even if it never happens. But even if the United
States is theoretically "of" and "by" the people, its laws
are not "for" the people to do with them what they will.
The Daily joins with yesterday's Campus Opinioner in
urging that fundamentally laws do spring from the people.
Hut likewise do measles and the general wealth of the
country. Because a thousand of Democracy's millions have
helped to build the Empire State Building, they are not
justified in rushing in at any time of the morning or eve
ning, and laying claim to their cubic inch of that lofty
structure.
The laws of the land are made to serve all of the people
all of the time. This by no stretch of the imagination im
plies thai the whole body of jurisprudence must do a song
and dance act every time some hairbrained enthusiast
puckers his lips and whistles "The Stars and Stripes For
ever."
it law must bend the back and rub belly in the dust
whenever the popular fancy choose to dictate, it becomes
emasculated and worthless. Laws are made by reason;
men are lynched by emotion. In the hubbub of the lynch
ing-heat no man can make judicial decision. If the 11101)
prevails, the law is dead momentarily and permanently.
Democracy is a great thing. The prospect of 120,000,000
people marching to the polls to run their government is a
great sight even if it never happens. But even if the United
States is theoretically "of" and "by" the people, its laws
are not "for" the people to do with them what they will.
The Daily joins with yesterday's Campus Opinioner in
urging that fundamentally laws do spring from the people.
Hut likewise do measles and the general wealth of the
country. Because a thousand of Democracy's millions have
helped to build the Empire State Building, they are not
justified in rushing in at any time of the morning or eve
ning, and laying claim to their cubic inch of that lofty
structure.
The laws of the land are made to serve all of the people
all of the time. This by no stretch of the imagination im
plies thai the whole body of jurisprudence must do a song
and dance act every time some hairbrained enthusiast
puckers his lips and whistles "The Stars and Stripes For
ever."
it law must bend the back and rub belly in the dust
whenever the popular fancy choose to dictate, it becomes
emasculated and worthless. Laws are made by reason;
men are lynched by emotion. In the hubbub of the lynch
ing-heat no man can make judicial decision. If the 11101)
prevails, the law is dead momentarily and permanently.
Democracy is a great thing. The prospect of 120,000,000
people marching to the polls to run their government is a
great sight even if it never happens. But even if the United
States is theoretically "of" and "by" the people, its laws
are not "for" the people to do with them what they will.
The Daily joins with yesterday's Campus Opinioner in
urging that fundamentally laws do spring from the people.
Hut likewise do measles and the general wealth of the
country. Because a thousand of Democracy's millions have
helped to build the Empire State Building, they are not
justified in rushing in at any time of the morning or eve
ning, and laying claim to their cubic inch of that lofty
structure.
The laws of the land are made to serve all of the people
all of the time. This by no stretch of the imagination im
plies thai the whole body of jurisprudence must do a song
and dance act every time some hairbrained enthusiast
puckers his lips and whistles "The Stars and Stripes For
ever."
it law must bend the back and rub belly in the dust
whenever the popular fancy choose to dictate, it becomes
emasculated and worthless. Laws are made by reason;
men are lynched by emotion. In the hubbub of the lynch
ing-heat no man can make judicial decision. If the 11101)
prevails, the law is dead momentarily and permanently.
Democracy is a great thing. The prospect of 120,000,000
people marching to the polls to run their government is a
great sight even if it never happens. But even if the United
States is theoretically "of" and "by" the people, its laws
are not "for" the people to do with them what they will.
The Daily joins with yesterday's Campus Opinioner in
urging that fundamentally laws do spring from the people.
Hut likewise do measles and the general wealth of the
country. Because a thousand of Democracy's millions have
helped to build the Empire State Building, they are not
justified in rushing in at any time of the morning or eve
ning, and laying claim to their cubic inch of that lofty
structure.
The laws of the land are made to serve all of the people
all of the time. This by no stretch of the imagination im
plies thai the whole body of jurisprudence must do a song
and dance act every time some hairbrained enthusiast
puckers his lips and whistles "The Stars and Stripes For
ever."
it law must bend the back and rub belly in the dust
whenever the popular fancy choose to dictate, it becomes
emasculated and worthless. Laws are made by reason;
men are lynched by emotion. In the hubbub of the lynch
ing-heat no man can make judicial decision. If the 11101)
prevails, the law is dead momentarily and permanently.
Democracy is a great thing. The prospect of 120,000,000
people marching to the polls to run their government is a
great sight even if it never happens. But even if the United
States is theoretically "of" and "by" the people, its laws
are not "for" the people to do with them what they will.
The Daily joins with yesterday's Campus Opinioner in
urging that fundamentally laws do spring from the people.
Hut likewise do measles and the general wealth of the
country. Because a thousand of Democracy's millions have
helped to build the Empire State Building, they are not
justified in rushing in at any time of the morning or eve
ning, and laying claim to their cubic inch of that lofty
structure.
The laws of the land are made to serve all of the people
all of the time. This by no stretch of the imagination im
plies thai the whole body of jurisprudence must do a song
and dance act every time some hairbrained enthusiast
puckers his lips and whistles "The Stars and Stripes For
ever."
it law must bend the back and rub belly in the dust
whenever the popular fancy choose to dictate, it becomes
emasculated and worthless. Laws are made by reason;
men are lynched by emotion. In the hubbub of the lynch
ing-heat no man can make judicial decision. If the 11101)
prevails, the law is dead momentarily and permanently.
Democracy is a great thing. The prospect of 120,000,000
people marching to the polls to run their government is a
great sight even if it never happens. But even if the United
States is theoretically "of" and "by" the people, its laws
are not "for" the people to do with them what they will.
The Daily joins with yesterday's Campus Opinioner in
urging that fundamentally laws do spring from the people.
Hut likewise do measles and the general wealth of the
country. Because a thousand of Democracy's millions have
helped to build the Empire State Building, they are not
justified in rushing in at any time of the morning or eve
ning, and laying claim to their cubic inch of that lofty
structure.
The laws of the land are made to serve all of the people
all of the time. This by no stretch of the imagination im
plies thai the whole body of jurisprudence must do a song
and dance act every time some hairbrained enthusiast
puckers his lips and whistles "The Stars and Stripes For
ever."
it law must bend the back and rub belly in the dust
whenever the popular fancy choose to dictate, it becomes
emasculated and worthless. Laws are made by reason;
men are lynched by emotion. In the hubbub of the lynch
ing-heat no man can make judicial decision. If the 11101)
prevails, the law is dead momentarily and permanently.
Democracy is a great thing. The prospect of 120,000,000
people marching to the polls to run their government is a
great sight even if it never happens. But even if the United
States is theoretically "of" and "by" the people, its laws
are not "for" the people to do with them what they will.
The Daily joins with yesterday's Campus Opinioner in
urging that fundamentally laws do spring from the people.
Hut likewise do measles and the general wealth of the
country. Because a thousand of Democracy's millions have
helped to build the Empire State Building, they are not
justified in rushing in at any time of the morning or eve
ning, and laying claim to their cubic inch of that lofty
structure.
The laws of the land are made to serve all of the people
all of the time. This by no stretch of the imagination im
plies thai the whole body of jurisprudence must do a song
and dance act every time some hairbrained enthusiast
puckers his lips and whistles "The Stars and Stripes For
ever."
it law must bend the back and rub belly in the dust
whenever the popular fancy choose to dictate, it becomes
emasculated and worthless. Laws are made by reason;
men are lynched by emotion. In the hubbub of the lynch
ing-heat no man can make judicial decision. If the 11101)
prevails, the law is dead momentarily and permanently.
Democracy is a great thing. The prospect of 120,000,000
people marching to the polls to run their government is a
great sight even if it never happens. But even if the United
States is theoretically "of" and "by" the people, its laws
are not "for" the people to do with them what they will.
The Daily joins with yesterday's Campus Opinioner in
urging that fundamentally laws do spring from the people.
Hut likewise do measles and the general wealth of the
country. Because a thousand of Democracy's millions have
helped to build the Empire State Building, they are not
justified in rushing in at any time of the morning or eve
ning, and laying claim to their cubic inch of that lofty
structure.
The laws of the land are made to serve all of the people
all of the time. This by no stretch of the imagination im
plies thai the whole body of jurisprudence must do a song
and dance act every time some hairbrained enthusiast
puckers his lips and whistles "The Stars and Stripes For
ever."
it law must bend the back and rub belly in the dust
whenever the popular fancy choose to dictate, it becomes
emasculated and worthless. Laws are made by reason;
men are lynched by emotion. In the hubbub of the lynch
ing-heat no man can make judicial decision. If the 11101)
prevails, the law is dead momentarily and permanently.
