# U.C. Drops Grid Captain for '34
## 
### 
California's 1!)34 football team
will have no regular captain, it
was announced yesterday. In
place of a permanent head, the
Stanford system of selecting a
captain for each game will he
inaugurated.
With five deserving candi
dates nominated for the posi
tion, the squad at its annual
football banquet Monday night
decided on the new system.
California's 1!)34 football team
will have no regular captain, it
was announced yesterday. In
place of a permanent head, the
Stanford system of selecting a
captain for each game will he
inaugurated.
With five deserving candi
dates nominated for the posi
tion, the squad at its annual
football banquet Monday night
decided on the new system.
California's 1!)34 football team
will have no regular captain, it
was announced yesterday. In
place of a permanent head, the
Stanford system of selecting a
captain for each game will he
inaugurated.
With five deserving candi
dates nominated for the posi
tion, the squad at its annual
football banquet Monday night
decided on the new system.
California's 1!)34 football team
will have no regular captain, it
was announced yesterday. In
place of a permanent head, the
Stanford system of selecting a
captain for each game will he
inaugurated.
With five deserving candi
dates nominated for the posi
tion, the squad at its annual
football banquet Monday night
decided on the new system.
California's 1!)34 football team
will have no regular captain, it
was announced yesterday. In
place of a permanent head, the
Stanford system of selecting a
captain for each game will he
inaugurated.
With five deserving candi
dates nominated for the posi
tion, the squad at its annual
football banquet Monday night
decided on the new system.
California's 1!)34 football team
will have no regular captain, it
was announced yesterday. In
place of a permanent head, the
Stanford system of selecting a
captain for each game will he
inaugurated.
With five deserving candi
dates nominated for the posi
tion, the squad at its annual
football banquet Monday night
decided on the new system.
California's 1!)34 football team
will have no regular captain, it
was announced yesterday. In
place of a permanent head, the
Stanford system of selecting a
captain for each game will he
inaugurated.
With five deserving candi
dates nominated for the posi
tion, the squad at its annual
football banquet Monday night
decided on the new system.
California's 1!)34 football team
will have no regular captain, it
was announced yesterday. In
place of a permanent head, the
Stanford system of selecting a
captain for each game will he
inaugurated.
With five deserving candi
dates nominated for the posi
tion, the squad at its annual
football banquet Monday night
decided on the new system.
California's 1!)34 football team
will have no regular captain, it
was announced yesterday. In
place of a permanent head, the
Stanford system of selecting a
captain for each game will he
inaugurated.
With five deserving candi
dates nominated for the posi
tion, the squad at its annual
football banquet Monday night
decided on the new system.
California's 1!)34 football team
will have no regular captain, it
was announced yesterday. In
place of a permanent head, the
Stanford system of selecting a
captain for each game will he
inaugurated.
With five deserving candi
dates nominated for the posi
tion, the squad at its annual
football banquet Monday night
decided on the new system.
California's 1!)34 football team
will have no regular captain, it
was announced yesterday. In
place of a permanent head, the
Stanford system of selecting a
captain for each game will he
inaugurated.
With five deserving candi
dates nominated for the posi
tion, the squad at its annual
football banquet Monday night
decided on the new system.
California's 1!)34 football team
will have no regular captain, it
was announced yesterday. In
place of a permanent head, the
Stanford system of selecting a
captain for each game will he
inaugurated.
With five deserving candi
dates nominated for the posi
tion, the squad at its annual
football banquet Monday night
decided on the new system.
California's 1!)34 football team
will have no regular captain, it
was announced yesterday. In
place of a permanent head, the
Stanford system of selecting a
captain for each game will he
inaugurated.
With five deserving candi
dates nominated for the posi
tion, the squad at its annual
football banquet Monday night
decided on the new system.
California's 1!)34 football team
will have no regular captain, it
was announced yesterday. In
place of a permanent head, the
Stanford system of selecting a
captain for each game will he
inaugurated.
With five deserving candi
dates nominated for the posi
tion, the squad at its annual
football banquet Monday night
decided on the new system.
California's 1!)34 football team
will have no regular captain, it
was announced yesterday. In
place of a permanent head, the
Stanford system of selecting a
captain for each game will he
inaugurated.
With five deserving candi
dates nominated for the posi
tion, the squad at its annual
football banquet Monday night
decided on the new system.
