# Kloss Exhibition Featured At Art Gallery This Month
## 
### 
Drypiints, etchings, and aquatint
prints by Gene Kloss are now on
exhibition at the Art Gallery for the
rest of the month. The prints were
done in Southwest Indian country
where Mr. Kloss has established a
studio at Taos, N.M.
The subjects of ihe prints are In
dian dancers, Pueblo scenes, and
desert landscapes. Each picture is
accompanied with a list of descrip
tions telling Ihe interesting history
of the scene. These prints are con
sidered by Eastern critics to be the
best ever done by the artist.
Drypiints, etchings, and aquatint
prints by Gene Kloss are now on
exhibition at the Art Gallery for the
rest of the month. The prints were
done in Southwest Indian country
where Mr. Kloss has established a
studio at Taos, N.M.
The subjects of ihe prints are In
dian dancers, Pueblo scenes, and
desert landscapes. Each picture is
accompanied with a list of descrip
tions telling Ihe interesting history
of the scene. These prints are con
sidered by Eastern critics to be the
best ever done by the artist.
Drypiints, etchings, and aquatint
prints by Gene Kloss are now on
exhibition at the Art Gallery for the
rest of the month. The prints were
done in Southwest Indian country
where Mr. Kloss has established a
studio at Taos, N.M.
The subjects of ihe prints are In
dian dancers, Pueblo scenes, and
desert landscapes. Each picture is
accompanied with a list of descrip
tions telling Ihe interesting history
of the scene. These prints are con
sidered by Eastern critics to be the
best ever done by the artist.
Drypiints, etchings, and aquatint
prints by Gene Kloss are now on
exhibition at the Art Gallery for the
rest of the month. The prints were
done in Southwest Indian country
where Mr. Kloss has established a
studio at Taos, N.M.
The subjects of ihe prints are In
dian dancers, Pueblo scenes, and
desert landscapes. Each picture is
accompanied with a list of descrip
tions telling Ihe interesting history
of the scene. These prints are con
sidered by Eastern critics to be the
best ever done by the artist.
Drypiints, etchings, and aquatint
prints by Gene Kloss are now on
exhibition at the Art Gallery for the
rest of the month. The prints were
done in Southwest Indian country
where Mr. Kloss has established a
studio at Taos, N.M.
The subjects of ihe prints are In
dian dancers, Pueblo scenes, and
desert landscapes. Each picture is
accompanied with a list of descrip
tions telling Ihe interesting history
of the scene. These prints are con
sidered by Eastern critics to be the
best ever done by the artist.
Drypiints, etchings, and aquatint
prints by Gene Kloss are now on
exhibition at the Art Gallery for the
rest of the month. The prints were
done in Southwest Indian country
where Mr. Kloss has established a
studio at Taos, N.M.
The subjects of ihe prints are In
dian dancers, Pueblo scenes, and
desert landscapes. Each picture is
accompanied with a list of descrip
tions telling Ihe interesting history
of the scene. These prints are con
sidered by Eastern critics to be the
best ever done by the artist.
Drypiints, etchings, and aquatint
prints by Gene Kloss are now on
exhibition at the Art Gallery for the
rest of the month. The prints were
done in Southwest Indian country
where Mr. Kloss has established a
studio at Taos, N.M.
The subjects of ihe prints are In
dian dancers, Pueblo scenes, and
desert landscapes. Each picture is
accompanied with a list of descrip
tions telling Ihe interesting history
of the scene. These prints are con
sidered by Eastern critics to be the
best ever done by the artist.
Drypiints, etchings, and aquatint
prints by Gene Kloss are now on
exhibition at the Art Gallery for the
rest of the month. The prints were
done in Southwest Indian country
where Mr. Kloss has established a
studio at Taos, N.M.
The subjects of ihe prints are In
dian dancers, Pueblo scenes, and
desert landscapes. Each picture is
accompanied with a list of descrip
tions telling Ihe interesting history
of the scene. These prints are con
sidered by Eastern critics to be the
best ever done by the artist.
Drypiints, etchings, and aquatint
prints by Gene Kloss are now on
exhibition at the Art Gallery for the
rest of the month. The prints were
done in Southwest Indian country
where Mr. Kloss has established a
studio at Taos, N.M.
The subjects of ihe prints are In
dian dancers, Pueblo scenes, and
desert landscapes. Each picture is
accompanied with a list of descrip
tions telling Ihe interesting history
of the scene. These prints are con
sidered by Eastern critics to be the
best ever done by the artist.
Drypiints, etchings, and aquatint
prints by Gene Kloss are now on
exhibition at the Art Gallery for the
rest of the month. The prints were
done in Southwest Indian country
where Mr. Kloss has established a
studio at Taos, N.M.
The subjects of ihe prints are In
dian dancers, Pueblo scenes, and
desert landscapes. Each picture is
accompanied with a list of descrip
tions telling Ihe interesting history
of the scene. These prints are con
sidered by Eastern critics to be the
best ever done by the artist.
Drypiints, etchings, and aquatint
prints by Gene Kloss are now on
exhibition at the Art Gallery for the
rest of the month. The prints were
done in Southwest Indian country
where Mr. Kloss has established a
studio at Taos, N.M.
The subjects of ihe prints are In
dian dancers, Pueblo scenes, and
desert landscapes. Each picture is
accompanied with a list of descrip
tions telling Ihe interesting history
of the scene. These prints are con
sidered by Eastern critics to be the
best ever done by the artist.
Drypiints, etchings, and aquatint
prints by Gene Kloss are now on
exhibition at the Art Gallery for the
rest of the month. The prints were
done in Southwest Indian country
where Mr. Kloss has established a
studio at Taos, N.M.
The subjects of ihe prints are In
dian dancers, Pueblo scenes, and
desert landscapes. Each picture is
accompanied with a list of descrip
tions telling Ihe interesting history
of the scene. These prints are con
sidered by Eastern critics to be the
best ever done by the artist.
Drypiints, etchings, and aquatint
prints by Gene Kloss are now on
exhibition at the Art Gallery for the
rest of the month. The prints were
done in Southwest Indian country
where Mr. Kloss has established a
studio at Taos, N.M.
The subjects of ihe prints are In
dian dancers, Pueblo scenes, and
desert landscapes. Each picture is
accompanied with a list of descrip
tions telling Ihe interesting history
of the scene. These prints are con
sidered by Eastern critics to be the
best ever done by the artist.
Drypiints, etchings, and aquatint
prints by Gene Kloss are now on
exhibition at the Art Gallery for the
rest of the month. The prints were
done in Southwest Indian country
where Mr. Kloss has established a
studio at Taos, N.M.
The subjects of ihe prints are In
dian dancers, Pueblo scenes, and
desert landscapes. Each picture is
accompanied with a list of descrip
tions telling Ihe interesting history
of the scene. These prints are con
sidered by Eastern critics to be the
best ever done by the artist.
Drypiints, etchings, and aquatint
prints by Gene Kloss are now on
exhibition at the Art Gallery for the
rest of the month. The prints were
done in Southwest Indian country
where Mr. Kloss has established a
studio at Taos, N.M.
The subjects of ihe prints are In
dian dancers, Pueblo scenes, and
desert landscapes. Each picture is
accompanied with a list of descrip
tions telling Ihe interesting history
of the scene. These prints are con
sidered by Eastern critics to be the
best ever done by the artist.
