# Grid's 'Grand Old Man' Honored
## 
### 

Amos Alonzo Stagg, grand old man of the gridiron, now coach at the
College ol" the Pacific, Stockton, honored at a recent football luncheon
in Los Angeles when he talked over a coastwide radio hookup. With
titasrc is Morley Drury, All-American star of not many years back.

Amos Alonzo Stagg, grand old man of the gridiron, now coach at the
College ol" the Pacific, Stockton, honored at a recent football luncheon
in Los Angeles when he talked over a coastwide radio hookup. With
titasrc is Morley Drury, All-American star of not many years back.

Amos Alonzo Stagg, grand old man of the gridiron, now coach at the
College ol" the Pacific, Stockton, honored at a recent football luncheon
in Los Angeles when he talked over a coastwide radio hookup. With
titasrc is Morley Drury, All-American star of not many years back.

Amos Alonzo Stagg, grand old man of the gridiron, now coach at the
College ol" the Pacific, Stockton, honored at a recent football luncheon
in Los Angeles when he talked over a coastwide radio hookup. With
titasrc is Morley Drury, All-American star of not many years back.

Amos Alonzo Stagg, grand old man of the gridiron, now coach at the
College ol" the Pacific, Stockton, honored at a recent football luncheon
in Los Angeles when he talked over a coastwide radio hookup. With
titasrc is Morley Drury, All-American star of not many years back.

Amos Alonzo Stagg, grand old man of the gridiron, now coach at the
College ol" the Pacific, Stockton, honored at a recent football luncheon
in Los Angeles when he talked over a coastwide radio hookup. With
titasrc is Morley Drury, All-American star of not many years back.

Amos Alonzo Stagg, grand old man of the gridiron, now coach at the
College ol" the Pacific, Stockton, honored at a recent football luncheon
in Los Angeles when he talked over a coastwide radio hookup. With
titasrc is Morley Drury, All-American star of not many years back.

Amos Alonzo Stagg, grand old man of the gridiron, now coach at the
College ol" the Pacific, Stockton, honored at a recent football luncheon
in Los Angeles when he talked over a coastwide radio hookup. With
titasrc is Morley Drury, All-American star of not many years back.

Amos Alonzo Stagg, grand old man of the gridiron, now coach at the
College ol" the Pacific, Stockton, honored at a recent football luncheon
in Los Angeles when he talked over a coastwide radio hookup. With
titasrc is Morley Drury, All-American star of not many years back.

Amos Alonzo Stagg, grand old man of the gridiron, now coach at the
College ol" the Pacific, Stockton, honored at a recent football luncheon
in Los Angeles when he talked over a coastwide radio hookup. With
titasrc is Morley Drury, All-American star of not many years back.

Amos Alonzo Stagg, grand old man of the gridiron, now coach at the
College ol" the Pacific, Stockton, honored at a recent football luncheon
in Los Angeles when he talked over a coastwide radio hookup. With
titasrc is Morley Drury, All-American star of not many years back.

Amos Alonzo Stagg, grand old man of the gridiron, now coach at the
College ol" the Pacific, Stockton, honored at a recent football luncheon
in Los Angeles when he talked over a coastwide radio hookup. With
titasrc is Morley Drury, All-American star of not many years back.

Amos Alonzo Stagg, grand old man of the gridiron, now coach at the
College ol" the Pacific, Stockton, honored at a recent football luncheon
in Los Angeles when he talked over a coastwide radio hookup. With
titasrc is Morley Drury, All-American star of not many years back.

Amos Alonzo Stagg, grand old man of the gridiron, now coach at the
College ol" the Pacific, Stockton, honored at a recent football luncheon
in Los Angeles when he talked over a coastwide radio hookup. With
titasrc is Morley Drury, All-American star of not many years back.

Amos Alonzo Stagg, grand old man of the gridiron, now coach at the
College ol" the Pacific, Stockton, honored at a recent football luncheon
in Los Angeles when he talked over a coastwide radio hookup. With
titasrc is Morley Drury, All-American star of not many years back.
