# SUSPECTS COME BEFORE COUNCIL
## 
### 
Suspected of cheating in the final
examination an entire French class
was brought before the Men'.s Coun
cil for questioning yesterday after
noon. The charges were that thtfre
was a great deal of talking and
loudness in (he room during the ex
amination. The Council after tak
ing (he case in hand considered the
charges.
Precedent established in a case of
this sort was to place the entire class
cn honorary probation. Council
consulted, considered and decided tc
dismiss the case. Men in the class
were instructed in the use of thi
honor code.
Other business at the meeting in
cluded the fining of six speeder!-
and eight parkers. Biggest numbei
of parking violations were for block
ing the ro id out of the library park
ing district. The Bookstore claimed
one violator.
Suspected of cheating in the final
examination an entire French class
was brought before the Men'.s Coun
cil for questioning yesterday after
noon. The charges were that thtfre
was a great deal of talking and
loudness in (he room during the ex
amination. The Council after tak
ing (he case in hand considered the
charges.
Precedent established in a case of
this sort was to place the entire class
cn honorary probation. Council
consulted, considered and decided tc
dismiss the case. Men in the class
were instructed in the use of thi
honor code.
Other business at the meeting in
cluded the fining of six speeder!-
and eight parkers. Biggest numbei
of parking violations were for block
ing the ro id out of the library park
ing district. The Bookstore claimed
one violator.
Suspected of cheating in the final
examination an entire French class
was brought before the Men'.s Coun
cil for questioning yesterday after
noon. The charges were that thtfre
was a great deal of talking and
loudness in (he room during the ex
amination. The Council after tak
ing (he case in hand considered the
charges.
Precedent established in a case of
this sort was to place the entire class
cn honorary probation. Council
consulted, considered and decided tc
dismiss the case. Men in the class
were instructed in the use of thi
honor code.
Other business at the meeting in
cluded the fining of six speeder!-
and eight parkers. Biggest numbei
of parking violations were for block
ing the ro id out of the library park
ing district. The Bookstore claimed
one violator.
Suspected of cheating in the final
examination an entire French class
was brought before the Men'.s Coun
cil for questioning yesterday after
noon. The charges were that thtfre
was a great deal of talking and
loudness in (he room during the ex
amination. The Council after tak
ing (he case in hand considered the
charges.
Precedent established in a case of
this sort was to place the entire class
cn honorary probation. Council
consulted, considered and decided tc
dismiss the case. Men in the class
were instructed in the use of thi
honor code.
Other business at the meeting in
cluded the fining of six speeder!-
and eight parkers. Biggest numbei
of parking violations were for block
ing the ro id out of the library park
ing district. The Bookstore claimed
one violator.
Suspected of cheating in the final
examination an entire French class
was brought before the Men'.s Coun
cil for questioning yesterday after
noon. The charges were that thtfre
was a great deal of talking and
loudness in (he room during the ex
amination. The Council after tak
ing (he case in hand considered the
charges.
Precedent established in a case of
this sort was to place the entire class
cn honorary probation. Council
consulted, considered and decided tc
dismiss the case. Men in the class
were instructed in the use of thi
honor code.
Other business at the meeting in
cluded the fining of six speeder!-
and eight parkers. Biggest numbei
of parking violations were for block
ing the ro id out of the library park
ing district. The Bookstore claimed
one violator.
Suspected of cheating in the final
examination an entire French class
was brought before the Men'.s Coun
cil for questioning yesterday after
noon. The charges were that thtfre
was a great deal of talking and
loudness in (he room during the ex
amination. The Council after tak
ing (he case in hand considered the
charges.
Precedent established in a case of
this sort was to place the entire class
cn honorary probation. Council
consulted, considered and decided tc
dismiss the case. Men in the class
were instructed in the use of thi
honor code.
Other business at the meeting in
cluded the fining of six speeder!-
and eight parkers. Biggest numbei
of parking violations were for block
ing the ro id out of the library park
ing district. The Bookstore claimed
one violator.
Suspected of cheating in the final
examination an entire French class
was brought before the Men'.s Coun
cil for questioning yesterday after
noon. The charges were that thtfre
was a great deal of talking and
loudness in (he room during the ex
amination. The Council after tak
ing (he case in hand considered the
charges.
Precedent established in a case of
this sort was to place the entire class
cn honorary probation. Council
consulted, considered and decided tc
dismiss the case. Men in the class
were instructed in the use of thi
honor code.
Other business at the meeting in
cluded the fining of six speeder!-
and eight parkers. Biggest numbei
of parking violations were for block
ing the ro id out of the library park
ing district. The Bookstore claimed
one violator.
Suspected of cheating in the final
examination an entire French class
was brought before the Men'.s Coun
cil for questioning yesterday after
noon. The charges were that thtfre
was a great deal of talking and
loudness in (he room during the ex
amination. The Council after tak
ing (he case in hand considered the
charges.
Precedent established in a case of
this sort was to place the entire class
cn honorary probation. Council
consulted, considered and decided tc
dismiss the case. Men in the class
were instructed in the use of thi
honor code.
Other business at the meeting in
cluded the fining of six speeder!-
and eight parkers. Biggest numbei
of parking violations were for block
ing the ro id out of the library park
ing district. The Bookstore claimed
one violator.
Suspected of cheating in the final
examination an entire French class
was brought before the Men'.s Coun
cil for questioning yesterday after
noon. The charges were that thtfre
was a great deal of talking and
loudness in (he room during the ex
amination. The Council after tak
ing (he case in hand considered the
charges.
Precedent established in a case of
this sort was to place the entire class
cn honorary probation. Council
consulted, considered and decided tc
dismiss the case. Men in the class
were instructed in the use of thi
honor code.
Other business at the meeting in
cluded the fining of six speeder!-
and eight parkers. Biggest numbei
of parking violations were for block
ing the ro id out of the library park
ing district. The Bookstore claimed
one violator.
Suspected of cheating in the final
examination an entire French class
was brought before the Men'.s Coun
cil for questioning yesterday after
noon. The charges were that thtfre
was a great deal of talking and
loudness in (he room during the ex
amination. The Council after tak
ing (he case in hand considered the
charges.
Precedent established in a case of
this sort was to place the entire class
cn honorary probation. Council
consulted, considered and decided tc
dismiss the case. Men in the class
were instructed in the use of thi
honor code.
Other business at the meeting in
cluded the fining of six speeder!-
and eight parkers. Biggest numbei
of parking violations were for block
ing the ro id out of the library park
ing district. The Bookstore claimed
one violator.
Suspected of cheating in the final
examination an entire French class
was brought before the Men'.s Coun
cil for questioning yesterday after
noon. The charges were that thtfre
was a great deal of talking and
loudness in (he room during the ex
amination. The Council after tak
ing (he case in hand considered the
charges.
Precedent established in a case of
this sort was to place the entire class
cn honorary probation. Council
consulted, considered and decided tc
dismiss the case. Men in the class
were instructed in the use of thi
honor code.
Other business at the meeting in
cluded the fining of six speeder!-
and eight parkers. Biggest numbei
of parking violations were for block
ing the ro id out of the library park
ing district. The Bookstore claimed
one violator.
Suspected of cheating in the final
examination an entire French class
was brought before the Men'.s Coun
cil for questioning yesterday after
noon. The charges were that thtfre
was a great deal of talking and
loudness in (he room during the ex
amination. The Council after tak
ing (he case in hand considered the
charges.
Precedent established in a case of
this sort was to place the entire class
cn honorary probation. Council
consulted, considered and decided tc
dismiss the case. Men in the class
were instructed in the use of thi
honor code.
Other business at the meeting in
cluded the fining of six speeder!-
and eight parkers. Biggest numbei
of parking violations were for block
ing the ro id out of the library park
ing district. The Bookstore claimed
one violator.
Suspected of cheating in the final
examination an entire French class
was brought before the Men'.s Coun
cil for questioning yesterday after
noon. The charges were that thtfre
was a great deal of talking and
loudness in (he room during the ex
amination. The Council after tak
ing (he case in hand considered the
charges.
Precedent established in a case of
this sort was to place the entire class
cn honorary probation. Council
consulted, considered and decided tc
dismiss the case. Men in the class
were instructed in the use of thi
honor code.
Other business at the meeting in
cluded the fining of six speeder!-
and eight parkers. Biggest numbei
of parking violations were for block
ing the ro id out of the library park
ing district. The Bookstore claimed
one violator.
Suspected of cheating in the final
examination an entire French class
was brought before the Men'.s Coun
cil for questioning yesterday after
noon. The charges were that thtfre
was a great deal of talking and
loudness in (he room during the ex
amination. The Council after tak
ing (he case in hand considered the
charges.
Precedent established in a case of
this sort was to place the entire class
cn honorary probation. Council
consulted, considered and decided tc
dismiss the case. Men in the class
were instructed in the use of thi
honor code.
Other business at the meeting in
cluded the fining of six speeder!-
and eight parkers. Biggest numbei
of parking violations were for block
ing the ro id out of the library park
ing district. The Bookstore claimed
one violator.
Suspected of cheating in the final
examination an entire French class
was brought before the Men'.s Coun
cil for questioning yesterday after
noon. The charges were that thtfre
was a great deal of talking and
loudness in (he room during the ex
amination. The Council after tak
ing (he case in hand considered the
charges.
Precedent established in a case of
this sort was to place the entire class
cn honorary probation. Council
consulted, considered and decided tc
dismiss the case. Men in the class
were instructed in the use of thi
honor code.
Other business at the meeting in
cluded the fining of six speeder!-
and eight parkers. Biggest numbei
of parking violations were for block
ing the ro id out of the library park
ing district. The Bookstore claimed
one violator.
