# Slain Rumanian Premier Brought to Bucharest
## 
### 

The casket bearing the re
mains of the late Premier lon
G. Duca of Rumania, who was
assassinated by a .youth alleg-

Ed to be a member of the anti-
Semitic Iron Guard organiza
tion, as it arrived in the cap
ital to lie in state before burial.

George Tatarescu, who became
Premier after Duca's death, is
the man In the center.

The casket bearing the re
mains of the late Premier lon
G. Duca of Rumania, who was
assassinated by a .youth alleg-

Ed to be a member of the anti-
Semitic Iron Guard organiza
tion, as it arrived in the cap
ital to lie in state before burial.

George Tatarescu, who became
Premier after Duca's death, is
the man In the center.

The casket bearing the re
mains of the late Premier lon
G. Duca of Rumania, who was
assassinated by a .youth alleg-

Ed to be a member of the anti-
Semitic Iron Guard organiza
tion, as it arrived in the cap
ital to lie in state before burial.

George Tatarescu, who became
Premier after Duca's death, is
the man In the center.

The casket bearing the re
mains of the late Premier lon
G. Duca of Rumania, who was
assassinated by a .youth alleg-

Ed to be a member of the anti-
Semitic Iron Guard organiza
tion, as it arrived in the cap
ital to lie in state before burial.

George Tatarescu, who became
Premier after Duca's death, is
the man In the center.

The casket bearing the re
mains of the late Premier lon
G. Duca of Rumania, who was
assassinated by a .youth alleg-

Ed to be a member of the anti-
Semitic Iron Guard organiza
tion, as it arrived in the cap
ital to lie in state before burial.

George Tatarescu, who became
Premier after Duca's death, is
the man In the center.

The casket bearing the re
mains of the late Premier lon
G. Duca of Rumania, who was
assassinated by a .youth alleg-

Ed to be a member of the anti-
Semitic Iron Guard organiza
tion, as it arrived in the cap
ital to lie in state before burial.

George Tatarescu, who became
Premier after Duca's death, is
the man In the center.

The casket bearing the re
mains of the late Premier lon
G. Duca of Rumania, who was
assassinated by a .youth alleg-

Ed to be a member of the anti-
Semitic Iron Guard organiza
tion, as it arrived in the cap
ital to lie in state before burial.

George Tatarescu, who became
Premier after Duca's death, is
the man In the center.

The casket bearing the re
mains of the late Premier lon
G. Duca of Rumania, who was
assassinated by a .youth alleg-

Ed to be a member of the anti-
Semitic Iron Guard organiza
tion, as it arrived in the cap
ital to lie in state before burial.

George Tatarescu, who became
Premier after Duca's death, is
the man In the center.

The casket bearing the re
mains of the late Premier lon
G. Duca of Rumania, who was
assassinated by a .youth alleg-

Ed to be a member of the anti-
Semitic Iron Guard organiza
tion, as it arrived in the cap
ital to lie in state before burial.

George Tatarescu, who became
Premier after Duca's death, is
the man In the center.

The casket bearing the re
mains of the late Premier lon
G. Duca of Rumania, who was
assassinated by a .youth alleg-

Ed to be a member of the anti-
Semitic Iron Guard organiza
tion, as it arrived in the cap
ital to lie in state before burial.

George Tatarescu, who became
Premier after Duca's death, is
the man In the center.

The casket bearing the re
mains of the late Premier lon
G. Duca of Rumania, who was
assassinated by a .youth alleg-

Ed to be a member of the anti-
Semitic Iron Guard organiza
tion, as it arrived in the cap
ital to lie in state before burial.

George Tatarescu, who became
Premier after Duca's death, is
the man In the center.

The casket bearing the re
mains of the late Premier lon
G. Duca of Rumania, who was
assassinated by a .youth alleg-

Ed to be a member of the anti-
Semitic Iron Guard organiza
tion, as it arrived in the cap
ital to lie in state before burial.

George Tatarescu, who became
Premier after Duca's death, is
the man In the center.

The casket bearing the re
mains of the late Premier lon
G. Duca of Rumania, who was
assassinated by a .youth alleg-

Ed to be a member of the anti-
Semitic Iron Guard organiza
tion, as it arrived in the cap
ital to lie in state before burial.

George Tatarescu, who became
Premier after Duca's death, is
the man In the center.

The casket bearing the re
mains of the late Premier lon
G. Duca of Rumania, who was
assassinated by a .youth alleg-

Ed to be a member of the anti-
Semitic Iron Guard organiza
tion, as it arrived in the cap
ital to lie in state before burial.

George Tatarescu, who became
Premier after Duca's death, is
the man In the center.

The casket bearing the re
mains of the late Premier lon
G. Duca of Rumania, who was
assassinated by a .youth alleg-

Ed to be a member of the anti-
Semitic Iron Guard organiza
tion, as it arrived in the cap
ital to lie in state before burial.

George Tatarescu, who became
Premier after Duca's death, is
the man In the center.
