# 97.78% SCHOLASTIC
## 
### 
Publication of scholastic records
goes on with a vengeance at IJ. of
Colorado where names and exact
percentage ratings of the upper 10
per cent go into cold, black print.
One D. H. Ware, sophomore, was
highest with 97.78, therefore got his
name plastered into headlines.
Publication of scholastic records
goes on with a vengeance at IJ. of
Colorado where names and exact
percentage ratings of the upper 10
per cent go into cold, black print.
One D. H. Ware, sophomore, was
highest with 97.78, therefore got his
name plastered into headlines.
Publication of scholastic records
goes on with a vengeance at IJ. of
Colorado where names and exact
percentage ratings of the upper 10
per cent go into cold, black print.
One D. H. Ware, sophomore, was
highest with 97.78, therefore got his
name plastered into headlines.
Publication of scholastic records
goes on with a vengeance at IJ. of
Colorado where names and exact
percentage ratings of the upper 10
per cent go into cold, black print.
One D. H. Ware, sophomore, was
highest with 97.78, therefore got his
name plastered into headlines.
Publication of scholastic records
goes on with a vengeance at IJ. of
Colorado where names and exact
percentage ratings of the upper 10
per cent go into cold, black print.
One D. H. Ware, sophomore, was
highest with 97.78, therefore got his
name plastered into headlines.
Publication of scholastic records
goes on with a vengeance at IJ. of
Colorado where names and exact
percentage ratings of the upper 10
per cent go into cold, black print.
One D. H. Ware, sophomore, was
highest with 97.78, therefore got his
name plastered into headlines.
Publication of scholastic records
goes on with a vengeance at IJ. of
Colorado where names and exact
percentage ratings of the upper 10
per cent go into cold, black print.
One D. H. Ware, sophomore, was
highest with 97.78, therefore got his
name plastered into headlines.
Publication of scholastic records
goes on with a vengeance at IJ. of
Colorado where names and exact
percentage ratings of the upper 10
per cent go into cold, black print.
One D. H. Ware, sophomore, was
highest with 97.78, therefore got his
name plastered into headlines.
Publication of scholastic records
goes on with a vengeance at IJ. of
Colorado where names and exact
percentage ratings of the upper 10
per cent go into cold, black print.
One D. H. Ware, sophomore, was
highest with 97.78, therefore got his
name plastered into headlines.
Publication of scholastic records
goes on with a vengeance at IJ. of
Colorado where names and exact
percentage ratings of the upper 10
per cent go into cold, black print.
One D. H. Ware, sophomore, was
highest with 97.78, therefore got his
name plastered into headlines.
Publication of scholastic records
goes on with a vengeance at IJ. of
Colorado where names and exact
percentage ratings of the upper 10
per cent go into cold, black print.
One D. H. Ware, sophomore, was
highest with 97.78, therefore got his
name plastered into headlines.
Publication of scholastic records
goes on with a vengeance at IJ. of
Colorado where names and exact
percentage ratings of the upper 10
per cent go into cold, black print.
One D. H. Ware, sophomore, was
highest with 97.78, therefore got his
name plastered into headlines.
Publication of scholastic records
goes on with a vengeance at IJ. of
Colorado where names and exact
percentage ratings of the upper 10
per cent go into cold, black print.
One D. H. Ware, sophomore, was
highest with 97.78, therefore got his
name plastered into headlines.
Publication of scholastic records
goes on with a vengeance at IJ. of
Colorado where names and exact
percentage ratings of the upper 10
per cent go into cold, black print.
One D. H. Ware, sophomore, was
highest with 97.78, therefore got his
name plastered into headlines.
Publication of scholastic records
goes on with a vengeance at IJ. of
Colorado where names and exact
percentage ratings of the upper 10
per cent go into cold, black print.
One D. H. Ware, sophomore, was
highest with 97.78, therefore got his
name plastered into headlines.
