# Ed Com Tryouts Held Tomorrow
## 
### 
Interviews will lie held for the
student-faculty education commit
tee from .'! to 5:30 p.m. tomorrow
in the Excom room.
The committee tries to improve
education at Stanford, and recently
has been working on a plan for fac
ulty rating. Applicants will he
judged on their interest. Four new
members will he appointed to the
committee.
Interviews will lie held for the
student-faculty education commit
tee from .'! to 5:30 p.m. tomorrow
in the Excom room.
The committee tries to improve
education at Stanford, and recently
has been working on a plan for fac
ulty rating. Applicants will he
judged on their interest. Four new
members will he appointed to the
committee.
Interviews will lie held for the
student-faculty education commit
tee from .'! to 5:30 p.m. tomorrow
in the Excom room.
The committee tries to improve
education at Stanford, and recently
has been working on a plan for fac
ulty rating. Applicants will he
judged on their interest. Four new
members will he appointed to the
committee.
Interviews will lie held for the
student-faculty education commit
tee from .'! to 5:30 p.m. tomorrow
in the Excom room.
The committee tries to improve
education at Stanford, and recently
has been working on a plan for fac
ulty rating. Applicants will he
judged on their interest. Four new
members will he appointed to the
committee.
Interviews will lie held for the
student-faculty education commit
tee from .'! to 5:30 p.m. tomorrow
in the Excom room.
The committee tries to improve
education at Stanford, and recently
has been working on a plan for fac
ulty rating. Applicants will he
judged on their interest. Four new
members will he appointed to the
committee.
Interviews will lie held for the
student-faculty education commit
tee from .'! to 5:30 p.m. tomorrow
in the Excom room.
The committee tries to improve
education at Stanford, and recently
has been working on a plan for fac
ulty rating. Applicants will he
judged on their interest. Four new
members will he appointed to the
committee.
Interviews will lie held for the
student-faculty education commit
tee from .'! to 5:30 p.m. tomorrow
in the Excom room.
The committee tries to improve
education at Stanford, and recently
has been working on a plan for fac
ulty rating. Applicants will he
judged on their interest. Four new
members will he appointed to the
committee.
Interviews will lie held for the
student-faculty education commit
tee from .'! to 5:30 p.m. tomorrow
in the Excom room.
The committee tries to improve
education at Stanford, and recently
has been working on a plan for fac
ulty rating. Applicants will he
judged on their interest. Four new
members will he appointed to the
committee.
Interviews will lie held for the
student-faculty education commit
tee from .'! to 5:30 p.m. tomorrow
in the Excom room.
The committee tries to improve
education at Stanford, and recently
has been working on a plan for fac
ulty rating. Applicants will he
judged on their interest. Four new
members will he appointed to the
committee.
Interviews will lie held for the
student-faculty education commit
tee from .'! to 5:30 p.m. tomorrow
in the Excom room.
The committee tries to improve
education at Stanford, and recently
has been working on a plan for fac
ulty rating. Applicants will he
judged on their interest. Four new
members will he appointed to the
committee.
Interviews will lie held for the
student-faculty education commit
tee from .'! to 5:30 p.m. tomorrow
in the Excom room.
The committee tries to improve
education at Stanford, and recently
has been working on a plan for fac
ulty rating. Applicants will he
judged on their interest. Four new
members will he appointed to the
committee.
Interviews will lie held for the
student-faculty education commit
tee from .'! to 5:30 p.m. tomorrow
in the Excom room.
The committee tries to improve
education at Stanford, and recently
has been working on a plan for fac
ulty rating. Applicants will he
judged on their interest. Four new
members will he appointed to the
committee.
Interviews will lie held for the
student-faculty education commit
tee from .'! to 5:30 p.m. tomorrow
in the Excom room.
The committee tries to improve
education at Stanford, and recently
has been working on a plan for fac
ulty rating. Applicants will he
judged on their interest. Four new
members will he appointed to the
committee.
Interviews will lie held for the
student-faculty education commit
tee from .'! to 5:30 p.m. tomorrow
in the Excom room.
The committee tries to improve
education at Stanford, and recently
has been working on a plan for fac
ulty rating. Applicants will he
judged on their interest. Four new
members will he appointed to the
committee.
Interviews will lie held for the
student-faculty education commit
tee from .'! to 5:30 p.m. tomorrow
in the Excom room.
The committee tries to improve
education at Stanford, and recently
has been working on a plan for fac
ulty rating. Applicants will he
judged on their interest. Four new
members will he appointed to the
committee.
