# RIFLE TEAM
## 
### 
'Ihe varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire this week down on the
rifle ran.lie.
'Ihe varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire this week down on the
rifle ran.lie.
'Ihe varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire this week down on the
rifle ran.lie.
'Ihe varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire this week down on the
rifle ran.lie.
'Ihe varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire this week down on the
rifle ran.lie.
'Ihe varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire this week down on the
rifle ran.lie.
'Ihe varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire this week down on the
rifle ran.lie.
'Ihe varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire this week down on the
rifle ran.lie.
'Ihe varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire this week down on the
rifle ran.lie.
'Ihe varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire this week down on the
rifle ran.lie.
'Ihe varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire this week down on the
rifle ran.lie.
'Ihe varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire this week down on the
rifle ran.lie.
'Ihe varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire this week down on the
rifle ran.lie.
'Ihe varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire this week down on the
rifle ran.lie.
'Ihe varsity rifle team has a postal
match to fire this week down on the
rifle ran.lie.
