# ATHLETIC BOARD PLANS FOR ANNUAL REGATTAS
## 
### 
Pour years of intercollegiate com
petition in crew was assured last
night when the Board of Athletic Con
trol authorized W. 1. Ames, student
manager, to sign contracts with the
University of California and the Uni
versity of Washington for the years
1919, 1920, 1921 .and 1922. Places
where the races would he held and
plans for meeting financial problems
Were worked out at the meeting last
night.
Details for this year's race were
agreed upon last night and it was defi

nitely announced that the University
of Washington crews, including fresh
man and second varsity eights, would
take part in the regatta this spring.
Race Assured on May 3
That this year's race would he held
on the morning of May 3 was definite
ly decided. Three races were ar
ranged. There will he a three-mile
varsity contest, a two-mile freshman
race, and a two-mile second varsity
event.
The course for this year's race may
