# Farm to Issue Alumni Bulletin
## 
### 
Stanford alumni who have indi
cated their interest in the School
of Physical Sciences will soon re
ceive an issue of the "Stanford
News," devoted entirely to the
school.
The second issue of the bulletin
reviews the work done by the De
partments of Chemistry, Geology,
Mathematics, and Physics. Pictures
illustrate several of the articles in
the six-page issue.
Similar bulletins are now being
prepared for the Schools of Medi
cine. Social Sciences, Lelters, and
Engineering. One for the Law School
has already been published. The
bulletins are being published as a
follow-up to the recent campaign to
ascertain alumni interests. Each
alumnus will receive news of the
schools for which he indicated in
terest.
