# JOSEPH PATRICK DIES
## 
### 
VANCOUVER. E.C., Jan. 28 (UP). I
—Joseph Patrick, Canadian lumber- ;
man and father of three prominent j
hockey' executives, died today. He i
was 83.
VANCOUVER. E.C., Jan. 28 (UP). I
—Joseph Patrick, Canadian lumber- ;
man and father of three prominent j
hockey' executives, died today. He i
was 83.
VANCOUVER. E.C., Jan. 28 (UP). I
—Joseph Patrick, Canadian lumber- ;
man and father of three prominent j
hockey' executives, died today. He i
was 83.
VANCOUVER. E.C., Jan. 28 (UP). I
—Joseph Patrick, Canadian lumber- ;
man and father of three prominent j
hockey' executives, died today. He i
was 83.
VANCOUVER. E.C., Jan. 28 (UP). I
—Joseph Patrick, Canadian lumber- ;
man and father of three prominent j
hockey' executives, died today. He i
was 83.
VANCOUVER. E.C., Jan. 28 (UP). I
—Joseph Patrick, Canadian lumber- ;
man and father of three prominent j
hockey' executives, died today. He i
was 83.
VANCOUVER. E.C., Jan. 28 (UP). I
—Joseph Patrick, Canadian lumber- ;
man and father of three prominent j
hockey' executives, died today. He i
was 83.
VANCOUVER. E.C., Jan. 28 (UP). I
—Joseph Patrick, Canadian lumber- ;
man and father of three prominent j
hockey' executives, died today. He i
was 83.
VANCOUVER. E.C., Jan. 28 (UP). I
—Joseph Patrick, Canadian lumber- ;
man and father of three prominent j
hockey' executives, died today. He i
was 83.
VANCOUVER. E.C., Jan. 28 (UP). I
—Joseph Patrick, Canadian lumber- ;
man and father of three prominent j
hockey' executives, died today. He i
was 83.
VANCOUVER. E.C., Jan. 28 (UP). I
—Joseph Patrick, Canadian lumber- ;
man and father of three prominent j
hockey' executives, died today. He i
was 83.
VANCOUVER. E.C., Jan. 28 (UP). I
—Joseph Patrick, Canadian lumber- ;
man and father of three prominent j
hockey' executives, died today. He i
was 83.
VANCOUVER. E.C., Jan. 28 (UP). I
—Joseph Patrick, Canadian lumber- ;
man and father of three prominent j
hockey' executives, died today. He i
was 83.
VANCOUVER. E.C., Jan. 28 (UP). I
—Joseph Patrick, Canadian lumber- ;
man and father of three prominent j
hockey' executives, died today. He i
was 83.
VANCOUVER. E.C., Jan. 28 (UP). I
—Joseph Patrick, Canadian lumber- ;
man and father of three prominent j
hockey' executives, died today. He i
was 83.
VANCOUVER. E.C., Jan. 28 (UP). I
—Joseph Patrick, Canadian lumber- ;
man and father of three prominent j
hockey' executives, died today. He i
was 83.
VANCOUVER. E.C., Jan. 28 (UP). I
—Joseph Patrick, Canadian lumber- ;
man and father of three prominent j
hockey' executives, died today. He i
was 83.
VANCOUVER. E.C., Jan. 28 (UP). I
—Joseph Patrick, Canadian lumber- ;
man and father of three prominent j
hockey' executives, died today. He i
was 83.
