# Adv. 2 Page 2
## 
### 
PROGRAMMERS
Small PA company has im
mediate openings for real
time microprocessor and
PDP-11 graphics applica
tions programmers. Part
time (20+ hrs/wk) or full
time, flexible hours. Know-'
lege of assembly language
required.
494-8080
octal
INCORPORATED
801 East Charleston Road
Palo Alto, California 94303
Millions
Starving
EAST AFRICA
Send your help
THROUGH
CARE appeal R ' CA
312 Sutter Street, Rm. 602
San Francisco, CA 94108
PROGRAMMERS
Small PA company has im
mediate openings for real
time microprocessor and
PDP-11 graphics applica
tions programmers. Part
time (20+ hrs/wk) or full
time, flexible hours. Know-'
lege of assembly language
required.
494-8080
octal
INCORPORATED
801 East Charleston Road
Palo Alto, California 94303
Millions
Starving
EAST AFRICA
Send your help
THROUGH
CARE appeal R ' CA
312 Sutter Street, Rm. 602
San Francisco, CA 94108
PROGRAMMERS
Small PA company has im
mediate openings for real
time microprocessor and
PDP-11 graphics applica
tions programmers. Part
time (20+ hrs/wk) or full
time, flexible hours. Know-'
lege of assembly language
required.
494-8080
octal
INCORPORATED
801 East Charleston Road
Palo Alto, California 94303
Millions
Starving
EAST AFRICA
Send your help
THROUGH
CARE appeal R ' CA
312 Sutter Street, Rm. 602
San Francisco, CA 94108
PROGRAMMERS
Small PA company has im
mediate openings for real
time microprocessor and
PDP-11 graphics applica
tions programmers. Part
time (20+ hrs/wk) or full
time, flexible hours. Know-'
lege of assembly language
required.
494-8080
octal
INCORPORATED
801 East Charleston Road
Palo Alto, California 94303
Millions
Starving
EAST AFRICA
Send your help
THROUGH
CARE appeal R ' CA
312 Sutter Street, Rm. 602
San Francisco, CA 94108
PROGRAMMERS
Small PA company has im
mediate openings for real
time microprocessor and
PDP-11 graphics applica
tions programmers. Part
time (20+ hrs/wk) or full
time, flexible hours. Know-'
lege of assembly language
required.
494-8080
octal
INCORPORATED
801 East Charleston Road
Palo Alto, California 94303
Millions
Starving
EAST AFRICA
Send your help
THROUGH
CARE appeal R ' CA
312 Sutter Street, Rm. 602
San Francisco, CA 94108
PROGRAMMERS
Small PA company has im
mediate openings for real
time microprocessor and
PDP-11 graphics applica
tions programmers. Part
time (20+ hrs/wk) or full
time, flexible hours. Know-'
lege of assembly language
required.
494-8080
octal
INCORPORATED
801 East Charleston Road
Palo Alto, California 94303
Millions
Starving
EAST AFRICA
Send your help
THROUGH
CARE appeal R ' CA
312 Sutter Street, Rm. 602
San Francisco, CA 94108
PROGRAMMERS
Small PA company has im
mediate openings for real
time microprocessor and
PDP-11 graphics applica
tions programmers. Part
time (20+ hrs/wk) or full
time, flexible hours. Know-'
lege of assembly language
required.
494-8080
octal
INCORPORATED
801 East Charleston Road
Palo Alto, California 94303
Millions
Starving
EAST AFRICA
Send your help
THROUGH
CARE appeal R ' CA
312 Sutter Street, Rm. 602
San Francisco, CA 94108
PROGRAMMERS
Small PA company has im
mediate openings for real
time microprocessor and
PDP-11 graphics applica
tions programmers. Part
time (20+ hrs/wk) or full
time, flexible hours. Know-'
lege of assembly language
required.
494-8080
octal
INCORPORATED
801 East Charleston Road
Palo Alto, California 94303
Millions
Starving
EAST AFRICA
Send your help
THROUGH
CARE appeal R ' CA
312 Sutter Street, Rm. 602
San Francisco, CA 94108
PROGRAMMERS
Small PA company has im
mediate openings for real
time microprocessor and
PDP-11 graphics applica
tions programmers. Part
time (20+ hrs/wk) or full
time, flexible hours. Know-'
lege of assembly language
required.
494-8080
octal
INCORPORATED
801 East Charleston Road
Palo Alto, California 94303
Millions
Starving
EAST AFRICA
Send your help
THROUGH
CARE appeal R ' CA
312 Sutter Street, Rm. 602
San Francisco, CA 94108
