# Harrison Sets National Mark
## 
### 
Stanford freshman George Har
rison, who just Jast week turned
in an AAU record performance in
the '100 .yard individual medley,
chalked up another national col
legiate record for freshmen yes
terday in the 200-yard butterfly
with a time of 2:06.9. The old
mark was 2:16.4.
Coach Tom Maynie's frosh re
lay team of Harrison, John Jur
gensen, Charlie Raven and Mike
Zellcr also came through to set a
new Stanford frosh record of
3:31.7 as the team easily romped
over Menlo JC, 50-31. The meet
was held at the Papoose tank.
Harrison, an alternate for the
individual medley on last year's
Olympic team, bettered the old
time by nearly 10 seconds. The
record w;is set March 22. 1947, by
Joe T. Verduer of La Salle Col
lege of New Haven, Conn.


GEORGE HARRISON
Sets New Mark
Besides setting the new record
and sparking the relay loam to ;i
local record, Harrison easily
grabbed a first in the 440-yard
freestyle as he put on his best

showing of the season.
Jurgensen and Zeller also came
into Iheir own, winning the 200
and 100 free respectively.
Stanford's Jim Cooper swam a
winning 2:35.0 200-yard breast
stroke. Fred Fahlan pulled a sec
ond for the locals in the 200- and
400-yard freestyle races. Bob Lor
ton picked up a second for the
Papooses in the 50 free and Jack
Ritter a third in the 200 breast.
The frosh are now looking for
ward to their next meet which
will be with Fresno and Los Altos
high schools Saturday afternoon.
