# "CALL ME MADAM"
## 
### 
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in fulfilling the neces
sary group activity requirement
by working three nights a week
in "Call Me Madam" report to
Memorial Auditorium tonight at
7:30.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in fulfilling the neces
sary group activity requirement
by working three nights a week
in "Call Me Madam" report to
Memorial Auditorium tonight at
7:30.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in fulfilling the neces
sary group activity requirement
by working three nights a week
in "Call Me Madam" report to
Memorial Auditorium tonight at
7:30.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in fulfilling the neces
sary group activity requirement
by working three nights a week
in "Call Me Madam" report to
Memorial Auditorium tonight at
7:30.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in fulfilling the neces
sary group activity requirement
by working three nights a week
in "Call Me Madam" report to
Memorial Auditorium tonight at
7:30.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in fulfilling the neces
sary group activity requirement
by working three nights a week
in "Call Me Madam" report to
Memorial Auditorium tonight at
7:30.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in fulfilling the neces
sary group activity requirement
by working three nights a week
in "Call Me Madam" report to
Memorial Auditorium tonight at
7:30.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in fulfilling the neces
sary group activity requirement
by working three nights a week
in "Call Me Madam" report to
Memorial Auditorium tonight at
7:30.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in fulfilling the neces
sary group activity requirement
by working three nights a week
in "Call Me Madam" report to
Memorial Auditorium tonight at
7:30.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in fulfilling the neces
sary group activity requirement
by working three nights a week
in "Call Me Madam" report to
Memorial Auditorium tonight at
7:30.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in fulfilling the neces
sary group activity requirement
by working three nights a week
in "Call Me Madam" report to
Memorial Auditorium tonight at
7:30.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in fulfilling the neces
sary group activity requirement
by working three nights a week
in "Call Me Madam" report to
Memorial Auditorium tonight at
7:30.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in fulfilling the neces
sary group activity requirement
by working three nights a week
in "Call Me Madam" report to
Memorial Auditorium tonight at
7:30.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in fulfilling the neces
sary group activity requirement
by working three nights a week
in "Call Me Madam" report to
Memorial Auditorium tonight at
7:30.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in fulfilling the neces
sary group activity requirement
by working three nights a week
in "Call Me Madam" report to
Memorial Auditorium tonight at
7:30.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in fulfilling the neces
sary group activity requirement
by working three nights a week
in "Call Me Madam" report to
Memorial Auditorium tonight at
7:30.
Freshmen and sophomores in
terested in fulfilling the neces
sary group activity requirement
by working three nights a week
in "Call Me Madam" report to
Memorial Auditorium tonight at
7:30.
