# Untitled Article
## 
### 

THE FARM'S NEW HEADMAN of (he gridiron, who arrived from (he
East yesterday evening will talk at the general student body
assembly this morning at 10 o'clock in Memorial Auditorium. All
classes will be dismissed for the hour.

THE FARM'S NEW HEADMAN of (he gridiron, who arrived from (he
East yesterday evening will talk at the general student body
assembly this morning at 10 o'clock in Memorial Auditorium. All
classes will be dismissed for the hour.

THE FARM'S NEW HEADMAN of (he gridiron, who arrived from (he
East yesterday evening will talk at the general student body
assembly this morning at 10 o'clock in Memorial Auditorium. All
classes will be dismissed for the hour.

THE FARM'S NEW HEADMAN of (he gridiron, who arrived from (he
East yesterday evening will talk at the general student body
assembly this morning at 10 o'clock in Memorial Auditorium. All
classes will be dismissed for the hour.

THE FARM'S NEW HEADMAN of (he gridiron, who arrived from (he
East yesterday evening will talk at the general student body
assembly this morning at 10 o'clock in Memorial Auditorium. All
classes will be dismissed for the hour.

THE FARM'S NEW HEADMAN of (he gridiron, who arrived from (he
East yesterday evening will talk at the general student body
assembly this morning at 10 o'clock in Memorial Auditorium. All
classes will be dismissed for the hour.

THE FARM'S NEW HEADMAN of (he gridiron, who arrived from (he
East yesterday evening will talk at the general student body
assembly this morning at 10 o'clock in Memorial Auditorium. All
classes will be dismissed for the hour.

THE FARM'S NEW HEADMAN of (he gridiron, who arrived from (he
East yesterday evening will talk at the general student body
assembly this morning at 10 o'clock in Memorial Auditorium. All
classes will be dismissed for the hour.

THE FARM'S NEW HEADMAN of (he gridiron, who arrived from (he
East yesterday evening will talk at the general student body
assembly this morning at 10 o'clock in Memorial Auditorium. All
classes will be dismissed for the hour.

THE FARM'S NEW HEADMAN of (he gridiron, who arrived from (he
East yesterday evening will talk at the general student body
assembly this morning at 10 o'clock in Memorial Auditorium. All
classes will be dismissed for the hour.

THE FARM'S NEW HEADMAN of (he gridiron, who arrived from (he
East yesterday evening will talk at the general student body
assembly this morning at 10 o'clock in Memorial Auditorium. All
classes will be dismissed for the hour.

THE FARM'S NEW HEADMAN of (he gridiron, who arrived from (he
East yesterday evening will talk at the general student body
assembly this morning at 10 o'clock in Memorial Auditorium. All
classes will be dismissed for the hour.

THE FARM'S NEW HEADMAN of (he gridiron, who arrived from (he
East yesterday evening will talk at the general student body
assembly this morning at 10 o'clock in Memorial Auditorium. All
classes will be dismissed for the hour.

THE FARM'S NEW HEADMAN of (he gridiron, who arrived from (he
East yesterday evening will talk at the general student body
assembly this morning at 10 o'clock in Memorial Auditorium. All
classes will be dismissed for the hour.

THE FARM'S NEW HEADMAN of (he gridiron, who arrived from (he
East yesterday evening will talk at the general student body
assembly this morning at 10 o'clock in Memorial Auditorium. All
classes will be dismissed for the hour.

THE FARM'S NEW HEADMAN of (he gridiron, who arrived from (he
East yesterday evening will talk at the general student body
assembly this morning at 10 o'clock in Memorial Auditorium. All
classes will be dismissed for the hour.

THE FARM'S NEW HEADMAN of (he gridiron, who arrived from (he
East yesterday evening will talk at the general student body
assembly this morning at 10 o'clock in Memorial Auditorium. All
classes will be dismissed for the hour.
