# PHILLY MAN SLIDES SAFELY
## 
### 

WALLY MOSES slides safely in to first base as Richard Seibert invades
the upper strata to grab a high throw during spring training of the
Philadelphia Athletics at Anaheim.

WALLY MOSES slides safely in to first base as Richard Seibert invades
the upper strata to grab a high throw during spring training of the
Philadelphia Athletics at Anaheim.

WALLY MOSES slides safely in to first base as Richard Seibert invades
the upper strata to grab a high throw during spring training of the
Philadelphia Athletics at Anaheim.

WALLY MOSES slides safely in to first base as Richard Seibert invades
the upper strata to grab a high throw during spring training of the
Philadelphia Athletics at Anaheim.

WALLY MOSES slides safely in to first base as Richard Seibert invades
the upper strata to grab a high throw during spring training of the
Philadelphia Athletics at Anaheim.

WALLY MOSES slides safely in to first base as Richard Seibert invades
the upper strata to grab a high throw during spring training of the
Philadelphia Athletics at Anaheim.

WALLY MOSES slides safely in to first base as Richard Seibert invades
the upper strata to grab a high throw during spring training of the
Philadelphia Athletics at Anaheim.

WALLY MOSES slides safely in to first base as Richard Seibert invades
the upper strata to grab a high throw during spring training of the
Philadelphia Athletics at Anaheim.

WALLY MOSES slides safely in to first base as Richard Seibert invades
the upper strata to grab a high throw during spring training of the
Philadelphia Athletics at Anaheim.

WALLY MOSES slides safely in to first base as Richard Seibert invades
the upper strata to grab a high throw during spring training of the
Philadelphia Athletics at Anaheim.

WALLY MOSES slides safely in to first base as Richard Seibert invades
the upper strata to grab a high throw during spring training of the
Philadelphia Athletics at Anaheim.

WALLY MOSES slides safely in to first base as Richard Seibert invades
the upper strata to grab a high throw during spring training of the
Philadelphia Athletics at Anaheim.

WALLY MOSES slides safely in to first base as Richard Seibert invades
the upper strata to grab a high throw during spring training of the
Philadelphia Athletics at Anaheim.

WALLY MOSES slides safely in to first base as Richard Seibert invades
the upper strata to grab a high throw during spring training of the
Philadelphia Athletics at Anaheim.

WALLY MOSES slides safely in to first base as Richard Seibert invades
the upper strata to grab a high throw during spring training of the
Philadelphia Athletics at Anaheim.

WALLY MOSES slides safely in to first base as Richard Seibert invades
the upper strata to grab a high throw during spring training of the
Philadelphia Athletics at Anaheim.

WALLY MOSES slides safely in to first base as Richard Seibert invades
the upper strata to grab a high throw during spring training of the
Philadelphia Athletics at Anaheim.
