# Ruggers to Battle Cal in Final Tilt
## 
### 
Stanford rugbymen exhibited in
creased enthusiasm in practice last
night, and led some observers to
predict that they will be "high" for
their seasonal wind-up game next
Saturday against Berkeley's Golden
Bears.
If the Indians can scalp the Blue
arid Gold, they will end the season
as champions of both the Northern
California Rugby Union and the
California Intercollegiate Confer
ence. The Cards have lost, one game,
and tied one this seasonâ€”both to
U.S.C. However, the loss did not
count in the league standings since
it was listed as a courtesy game.
The varsity game starts promptly
at 2 p.m. and will be followed by a
game between the Stanford B's and
the Bear seconds at 4 o'clock.
