# Mendelowitz Talks On Movies as Art
## 
### 
Criticisms hurlocl at motion pic
tures by critics today arc not unlike
the complaints heaped upon the
Elizabethan stage, acocrding to Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz, assistant pro
fessor of art and education; who
spoke on the Stanford radio program
last night.
Titled "The Movies as an Art,"
Professor Mendelowitz' talk pointed
out that "each duplicate print is as
good as the original and the quality
of performance which appears on
the screen is the same whether one
sees a film on Broadway or in
Podunk."
Criticisms hurlocl at motion pic
tures by critics today arc not unlike
the complaints heaped upon the
Elizabethan stage, acocrding to Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz, assistant pro
fessor of art and education; who
spoke on the Stanford radio program
last night.
Titled "The Movies as an Art,"
Professor Mendelowitz' talk pointed
out that "each duplicate print is as
good as the original and the quality
of performance which appears on
the screen is the same whether one
sees a film on Broadway or in
Podunk."
Criticisms hurlocl at motion pic
tures by critics today arc not unlike
the complaints heaped upon the
Elizabethan stage, acocrding to Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz, assistant pro
fessor of art and education; who
spoke on the Stanford radio program
last night.
Titled "The Movies as an Art,"
Professor Mendelowitz' talk pointed
out that "each duplicate print is as
good as the original and the quality
of performance which appears on
the screen is the same whether one
sees a film on Broadway or in
Podunk."
Criticisms hurlocl at motion pic
tures by critics today arc not unlike
the complaints heaped upon the
Elizabethan stage, acocrding to Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz, assistant pro
fessor of art and education; who
spoke on the Stanford radio program
last night.
Titled "The Movies as an Art,"
Professor Mendelowitz' talk pointed
out that "each duplicate print is as
good as the original and the quality
of performance which appears on
the screen is the same whether one
sees a film on Broadway or in
Podunk."
Criticisms hurlocl at motion pic
tures by critics today arc not unlike
the complaints heaped upon the
Elizabethan stage, acocrding to Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz, assistant pro
fessor of art and education; who
spoke on the Stanford radio program
last night.
Titled "The Movies as an Art,"
Professor Mendelowitz' talk pointed
out that "each duplicate print is as
good as the original and the quality
of performance which appears on
the screen is the same whether one
sees a film on Broadway or in
Podunk."
Criticisms hurlocl at motion pic
tures by critics today arc not unlike
the complaints heaped upon the
Elizabethan stage, acocrding to Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz, assistant pro
fessor of art and education; who
spoke on the Stanford radio program
last night.
Titled "The Movies as an Art,"
Professor Mendelowitz' talk pointed
out that "each duplicate print is as
good as the original and the quality
of performance which appears on
the screen is the same whether one
sees a film on Broadway or in
Podunk."
Criticisms hurlocl at motion pic
tures by critics today arc not unlike
the complaints heaped upon the
Elizabethan stage, acocrding to Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz, assistant pro
fessor of art and education; who
spoke on the Stanford radio program
last night.
Titled "The Movies as an Art,"
Professor Mendelowitz' talk pointed
out that "each duplicate print is as
good as the original and the quality
of performance which appears on
the screen is the same whether one
sees a film on Broadway or in
Podunk."
Criticisms hurlocl at motion pic
tures by critics today arc not unlike
the complaints heaped upon the
Elizabethan stage, acocrding to Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz, assistant pro
fessor of art and education; who
spoke on the Stanford radio program
last night.
Titled "The Movies as an Art,"
Professor Mendelowitz' talk pointed
out that "each duplicate print is as
good as the original and the quality
of performance which appears on
the screen is the same whether one
sees a film on Broadway or in
Podunk."
Criticisms hurlocl at motion pic
tures by critics today arc not unlike
the complaints heaped upon the
Elizabethan stage, acocrding to Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz, assistant pro
fessor of art and education; who
spoke on the Stanford radio program
last night.
Titled "The Movies as an Art,"
Professor Mendelowitz' talk pointed
out that "each duplicate print is as
good as the original and the quality
of performance which appears on
the screen is the same whether one
sees a film on Broadway or in
Podunk."
Criticisms hurlocl at motion pic
tures by critics today arc not unlike
the complaints heaped upon the
Elizabethan stage, acocrding to Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz, assistant pro
fessor of art and education; who
spoke on the Stanford radio program
last night.
Titled "The Movies as an Art,"
Professor Mendelowitz' talk pointed
out that "each duplicate print is as
good as the original and the quality
of performance which appears on
the screen is the same whether one
sees a film on Broadway or in
Podunk."
Criticisms hurlocl at motion pic
tures by critics today arc not unlike
the complaints heaped upon the
Elizabethan stage, acocrding to Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz, assistant pro
fessor of art and education; who
spoke on the Stanford radio program
last night.
Titled "The Movies as an Art,"
Professor Mendelowitz' talk pointed
out that "each duplicate print is as
good as the original and the quality
of performance which appears on
the screen is the same whether one
sees a film on Broadway or in
Podunk."
Criticisms hurlocl at motion pic
tures by critics today arc not unlike
the complaints heaped upon the
Elizabethan stage, acocrding to Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz, assistant pro
fessor of art and education; who
spoke on the Stanford radio program
last night.
Titled "The Movies as an Art,"
Professor Mendelowitz' talk pointed
out that "each duplicate print is as
good as the original and the quality
of performance which appears on
the screen is the same whether one
sees a film on Broadway or in
Podunk."
Criticisms hurlocl at motion pic
tures by critics today arc not unlike
the complaints heaped upon the
Elizabethan stage, acocrding to Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz, assistant pro
fessor of art and education; who
spoke on the Stanford radio program
last night.
Titled "The Movies as an Art,"
Professor Mendelowitz' talk pointed
out that "each duplicate print is as
good as the original and the quality
of performance which appears on
the screen is the same whether one
sees a film on Broadway or in
Podunk."
Criticisms hurlocl at motion pic
tures by critics today arc not unlike
the complaints heaped upon the
Elizabethan stage, acocrding to Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz, assistant pro
fessor of art and education; who
spoke on the Stanford radio program
last night.
Titled "The Movies as an Art,"
Professor Mendelowitz' talk pointed
out that "each duplicate print is as
good as the original and the quality
of performance which appears on
the screen is the same whether one
sees a film on Broadway or in
Podunk."
Criticisms hurlocl at motion pic
tures by critics today arc not unlike
the complaints heaped upon the
Elizabethan stage, acocrding to Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz, assistant pro
fessor of art and education; who
spoke on the Stanford radio program
last night.
Titled "The Movies as an Art,"
Professor Mendelowitz' talk pointed
out that "each duplicate print is as
good as the original and the quality
of performance which appears on
the screen is the same whether one
sees a film on Broadway or in
Podunk."
Criticisms hurlocl at motion pic
tures by critics today arc not unlike
the complaints heaped upon the
Elizabethan stage, acocrding to Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz, assistant pro
fessor of art and education; who
spoke on the Stanford radio program
last night.
Titled "The Movies as an Art,"
Professor Mendelowitz' talk pointed
out that "each duplicate print is as
good as the original and the quality
of performance which appears on
the screen is the same whether one
sees a film on Broadway or in
Podunk."
Criticisms hurlocl at motion pic
tures by critics today arc not unlike
the complaints heaped upon the
Elizabethan stage, acocrding to Dan
iel M. Mendelowitz, assistant pro
fessor of art and education; who
spoke on the Stanford radio program
last night.
Titled "The Movies as an Art,"
Professor Mendelowitz' talk pointed
out that "each duplicate print is as
good as the original and the quality
of performance which appears on
the screen is the same whether one
sees a film on Broadway or in
Podunk."
