# Farm Paddlers To Face Uclans
## 
### 
Under the guiding hand of Coach
Nort Thornton, Stanford's varsity
swimmers regained their pre-vaca
tion pep and fire in preparation for
their first Conference battle with
U.C.L.A. Friday.
The meet will be held in the En
cina pools at 3:30 o'clock Friday
afternoon. Admission is free to stu
dents with student body cards, and
is 50 cents for non-students.
MEDLEY TEAM CLASSY
Stanford is banking on winning
die 300-yard medley relay to ag
gregate an appreciable number of
points. Bill Weeden, Roy Vitousek,
and Don Smith will swim for the
Indians in this event. They are not
only heavily favored to win but it
is quite possible that they may
smash the meet record of 3:06.8 set
in 1938.
The diving duties will fall to Bill
Niccolls and Bob Lnverty. Both
have been doing exceptionally well
in practice this week and are ex
pected to take a number of points.
They will be diving against Fisher
of U.C.L.A.
COLDS HIT SQUAI)
Despite the fact that the mermen
have been shaping up so well, they
have been having their troubles.
Regnolds has a cold and it is doubt
ful if he will be able to swim Fri
day. And Miller has not appeared
for practice yet, although he is reg
istered for this quarter. Both men,
plus Vitousek and Smith, compose
the relay team and the loss of Reg
nolds and Miller would seriously
cripple the team. However, if only
one is unable to swim, Stanford's
sophomore ace, Doc Colyear, will
be able to fill in very capably.
