# Sophs Defeated By Senior Nine
## 6-2 Win Over Last Year's Champs Unexpected 
### 
Senior baseballers took an unex
pected 6-2 decision from the soph
omore nine, last year's champs, in
the opening game of the annual
interclass tourney yesterday.
Dick Armstrong pitched a steady
game for the seniors, while Fred
Furman hurled for the sophs. Other
members of the senior team were
David Bacigalupi, Alf Brandin, Don
Clark, Art Allen, Ed Clark, Gerould
Harader, Willard Hinkley, Bones
Hamilton, and Frank Tremaine.
Sophomores who played were Art
Goldstein, Dick Hanna, Leo Heager
ty, Jack Huddleston, Harold Kahn,
Tom Killefer, Dale Reimer, and
Thorburn Rieben.
Senior baseballers took an unex
pected 6-2 decision from the soph
omore nine, last year's champs, in
the opening game of the annual
interclass tourney yesterday.
Dick Armstrong pitched a steady
game for the seniors, while Fred
Furman hurled for the sophs. Other
members of the senior team were
David Bacigalupi, Alf Brandin, Don
Clark, Art Allen, Ed Clark, Gerould
Harader, Willard Hinkley, Bones
Hamilton, and Frank Tremaine.
Sophomores who played were Art
Goldstein, Dick Hanna, Leo Heager
ty, Jack Huddleston, Harold Kahn,
Tom Killefer, Dale Reimer, and
Thorburn Rieben.
Senior baseballers took an unex
pected 6-2 decision from the soph
omore nine, last year's champs, in
the opening game of the annual
interclass tourney yesterday.
Dick Armstrong pitched a steady
game for the seniors, while Fred
Furman hurled for the sophs. Other
members of the senior team were
David Bacigalupi, Alf Brandin, Don
Clark, Art Allen, Ed Clark, Gerould
Harader, Willard Hinkley, Bones
Hamilton, and Frank Tremaine.
Sophomores who played were Art
Goldstein, Dick Hanna, Leo Heager
ty, Jack Huddleston, Harold Kahn,
Tom Killefer, Dale Reimer, and
Thorburn Rieben.
Senior baseballers took an unex
pected 6-2 decision from the soph
omore nine, last year's champs, in
the opening game of the annual
interclass tourney yesterday.
Dick Armstrong pitched a steady
game for the seniors, while Fred
Furman hurled for the sophs. Other
members of the senior team were
David Bacigalupi, Alf Brandin, Don
Clark, Art Allen, Ed Clark, Gerould
Harader, Willard Hinkley, Bones
Hamilton, and Frank Tremaine.
Sophomores who played were Art
Goldstein, Dick Hanna, Leo Heager
ty, Jack Huddleston, Harold Kahn,
Tom Killefer, Dale Reimer, and
Thorburn Rieben.
Senior baseballers took an unex
pected 6-2 decision from the soph
omore nine, last year's champs, in
the opening game of the annual
interclass tourney yesterday.
Dick Armstrong pitched a steady
game for the seniors, while Fred
Furman hurled for the sophs. Other
members of the senior team were
David Bacigalupi, Alf Brandin, Don
Clark, Art Allen, Ed Clark, Gerould
Harader, Willard Hinkley, Bones
Hamilton, and Frank Tremaine.
Sophomores who played were Art
Goldstein, Dick Hanna, Leo Heager
ty, Jack Huddleston, Harold Kahn,
Tom Killefer, Dale Reimer, and
Thorburn Rieben.
Senior baseballers took an unex
pected 6-2 decision from the soph
omore nine, last year's champs, in
the opening game of the annual
interclass tourney yesterday.
Dick Armstrong pitched a steady
game for the seniors, while Fred
Furman hurled for the sophs. Other
members of the senior team were
David Bacigalupi, Alf Brandin, Don
Clark, Art Allen, Ed Clark, Gerould
Harader, Willard Hinkley, Bones
Hamilton, and Frank Tremaine.
Sophomores who played were Art
Goldstein, Dick Hanna, Leo Heager
ty, Jack Huddleston, Harold Kahn,
Tom Killefer, Dale Reimer, and
Thorburn Rieben.
Senior baseballers took an unex
pected 6-2 decision from the soph
omore nine, last year's champs, in
the opening game of the annual
interclass tourney yesterday.
Dick Armstrong pitched a steady
game for the seniors, while Fred
Furman hurled for the sophs. Other
members of the senior team were
David Bacigalupi, Alf Brandin, Don
Clark, Art Allen, Ed Clark, Gerould
Harader, Willard Hinkley, Bones
Hamilton, and Frank Tremaine.
Sophomores who played were Art
Goldstein, Dick Hanna, Leo Heager
ty, Jack Huddleston, Harold Kahn,
Tom Killefer, Dale Reimer, and
Thorburn Rieben.
Senior baseballers took an unex
pected 6-2 decision from the soph
omore nine, last year's champs, in
the opening game of the annual
interclass tourney yesterday.
Dick Armstrong pitched a steady
game for the seniors, while Fred
Furman hurled for the sophs. Other
members of the senior team were
David Bacigalupi, Alf Brandin, Don
Clark, Art Allen, Ed Clark, Gerould
Harader, Willard Hinkley, Bones
Hamilton, and Frank Tremaine.
Sophomores who played were Art
Goldstein, Dick Hanna, Leo Heager
ty, Jack Huddleston, Harold Kahn,
Tom Killefer, Dale Reimer, and
Thorburn Rieben.
Senior baseballers took an unex
pected 6-2 decision from the soph
omore nine, last year's champs, in
the opening game of the annual
interclass tourney yesterday.
Dick Armstrong pitched a steady
game for the seniors, while Fred
Furman hurled for the sophs. Other
members of the senior team were
David Bacigalupi, Alf Brandin, Don
Clark, Art Allen, Ed Clark, Gerould
Harader, Willard Hinkley, Bones
Hamilton, and Frank Tremaine.
Sophomores who played were Art
Goldstein, Dick Hanna, Leo Heager
ty, Jack Huddleston, Harold Kahn,
Tom Killefer, Dale Reimer, and
Thorburn Rieben.
Senior baseballers took an unex
pected 6-2 decision from the soph
omore nine, last year's champs, in
the opening game of the annual
interclass tourney yesterday.
Dick Armstrong pitched a steady
game for the seniors, while Fred
Furman hurled for the sophs. Other
members of the senior team were
David Bacigalupi, Alf Brandin, Don
Clark, Art Allen, Ed Clark, Gerould
Harader, Willard Hinkley, Bones
Hamilton, and Frank Tremaine.
Sophomores who played were Art
Goldstein, Dick Hanna, Leo Heager
ty, Jack Huddleston, Harold Kahn,
Tom Killefer, Dale Reimer, and
Thorburn Rieben.
Senior baseballers took an unex
pected 6-2 decision from the soph
omore nine, last year's champs, in
the opening game of the annual
interclass tourney yesterday.
Dick Armstrong pitched a steady
game for the seniors, while Fred
Furman hurled for the sophs. Other
members of the senior team were
David Bacigalupi, Alf Brandin, Don
Clark, Art Allen, Ed Clark, Gerould
Harader, Willard Hinkley, Bones
Hamilton, and Frank Tremaine.
Sophomores who played were Art
Goldstein, Dick Hanna, Leo Heager
ty, Jack Huddleston, Harold Kahn,
Tom Killefer, Dale Reimer, and
Thorburn Rieben.
Senior baseballers took an unex
pected 6-2 decision from the soph
omore nine, last year's champs, in
the opening game of the annual
interclass tourney yesterday.
Dick Armstrong pitched a steady
game for the seniors, while Fred
Furman hurled for the sophs. Other
members of the senior team were
David Bacigalupi, Alf Brandin, Don
Clark, Art Allen, Ed Clark, Gerould
Harader, Willard Hinkley, Bones
Hamilton, and Frank Tremaine.
Sophomores who played were Art
Goldstein, Dick Hanna, Leo Heager
ty, Jack Huddleston, Harold Kahn,
Tom Killefer, Dale Reimer, and
Thorburn Rieben.
Senior baseballers took an unex
pected 6-2 decision from the soph
omore nine, last year's champs, in
the opening game of the annual
interclass tourney yesterday.
Dick Armstrong pitched a steady
game for the seniors, while Fred
Furman hurled for the sophs. Other
members of the senior team were
David Bacigalupi, Alf Brandin, Don
Clark, Art Allen, Ed Clark, Gerould
Harader, Willard Hinkley, Bones
Hamilton, and Frank Tremaine.
Sophomores who played were Art
Goldstein, Dick Hanna, Leo Heager
ty, Jack Huddleston, Harold Kahn,
Tom Killefer, Dale Reimer, and
Thorburn Rieben.
Senior baseballers took an unex
pected 6-2 decision from the soph
omore nine, last year's champs, in
the opening game of the annual
interclass tourney yesterday.
Dick Armstrong pitched a steady
game for the seniors, while Fred
Furman hurled for the sophs. Other
members of the senior team were
David Bacigalupi, Alf Brandin, Don
Clark, Art Allen, Ed Clark, Gerould
Harader, Willard Hinkley, Bones
Hamilton, and Frank Tremaine.
Sophomores who played were Art
Goldstein, Dick Hanna, Leo Heager
ty, Jack Huddleston, Harold Kahn,
Tom Killefer, Dale Reimer, and
Thorburn Rieben.
Senior baseballers took an unex
pected 6-2 decision from the soph
omore nine, last year's champs, in
the opening game of the annual
interclass tourney yesterday.
Dick Armstrong pitched a steady
game for the seniors, while Fred
Furman hurled for the sophs. Other
members of the senior team were
David Bacigalupi, Alf Brandin, Don
Clark, Art Allen, Ed Clark, Gerould
Harader, Willard Hinkley, Bones
Hamilton, and Frank Tremaine.
Sophomores who played were Art
Goldstein, Dick Hanna, Leo Heager
ty, Jack Huddleston, Harold Kahn,
Tom Killefer, Dale Reimer, and
Thorburn Rieben.
Senior baseballers took an unex
pected 6-2 decision from the soph
omore nine, last year's champs, in
the opening game of the annual
interclass tourney yesterday.
Dick Armstrong pitched a steady
game for the seniors, while Fred
Furman hurled for the sophs. Other
members of the senior team were
David Bacigalupi, Alf Brandin, Don
Clark, Art Allen, Ed Clark, Gerould
Harader, Willard Hinkley, Bones
Hamilton, and Frank Tremaine.
Sophomores who played were Art
Goldstein, Dick Hanna, Leo Heager
ty, Jack Huddleston, Harold Kahn,
Tom Killefer, Dale Reimer, and
Thorburn Rieben.
