# U.S. Legation Asks Help In Ethiop Siege
## Italian Troops Reported In Addis Ababa; Plan Aid For Foreign Refugees 
### Associated Press 
An advance guard of native troops
under the command of General
Pirzio entered the suburbs of Addis
Ababa late yesterday, a reliable
source reported to Rome last night.
The report of the entry of the first
of the northern blackshirt warriors
came as II Duce's government was
reported taking what it believes to
be "adequate measures" for the pro
tection and release of foreigners in
besieged legations in the Ethiopian
capital.
Meanwhile, Secretary Hull wire
lessed the American minister in
Addis Ababa to evacuate all occu
pants of the American legation be
cause of the inability of the British
legation there to furnish troops for
its defense.
Cornelius Van H. Engert, the
fighting American minister to the
Ethiopian capital, radioed the State
Department at 11 p.m. Addis Ababa
time (1 p.m. Bay District time) that
his embattled staff could hold their
own during the night as conditions
were slightly improved.
A call for aid from the British In
dian Sikhs, guarding England's lega
tion only four miles away from the
American compound, was relayed a
distance more than half way around
the world. But at Engert's last re
port the aid had not yet arrived.
Time and again, in terse messages
sent to the State Department, the
American minister praised the brav
ery of the handful of men and wom
en with him.
Two native servants lay seriously
wounded within the legation. Both
were s'truck by direct*i'ifle fire into
the compound. Engert gave no
word, however, that any other of
those with him had been wounded
despite the sharp battle that was
waged in beating off a concerted at
tack by would-be looters early in
the day.
An advance guard of native troops
under the command of General
Pirzio entered the suburbs of Addis
Ababa late yesterday, a reliable
source reported to Rome last night.
The report of the entry of the first
of the northern blackshirt warriors
came as II Duce's government was
reported taking what it believes to
be "adequate measures" for the pro
tection and release of foreigners in
besieged legations in the Ethiopian
capital.
Meanwhile, Secretary Hull wire
lessed the American minister in
Addis Ababa to evacuate all occu
pants of the American legation be
cause of the inability of the British
legation there to furnish troops for
its defense.
Cornelius Van H. Engert, the
fighting American minister to the
Ethiopian capital, radioed the State
Department at 11 p.m. Addis Ababa
time (1 p.m. Bay District time) that
his embattled staff could hold their
own during the night as conditions
were slightly improved.
A call for aid from the British In
dian Sikhs, guarding England's lega
tion only four miles away from the
American compound, was relayed a
distance more than half way around
the world. But at Engert's last re
port the aid had not yet arrived.
Time and again, in terse messages
sent to the State Department, the
American minister praised the brav
ery of the handful of men and wom
en with him.
Two native servants lay seriously
wounded within the legation. Both
were s'truck by direct*i'ifle fire into
the compound. Engert gave no
word, however, that any other of
those with him had been wounded
despite the sharp battle that was
waged in beating off a concerted at
tack by would-be looters early in
the day.
An advance guard of native troops
under the command of General
Pirzio entered the suburbs of Addis
Ababa late yesterday, a reliable
source reported to Rome last night.
The report of the entry of the first
of the northern blackshirt warriors
came as II Duce's government was
reported taking what it believes to
be "adequate measures" for the pro
tection and release of foreigners in
besieged legations in the Ethiopian
capital.
Meanwhile, Secretary Hull wire
lessed the American minister in
Addis Ababa to evacuate all occu
pants of the American legation be
cause of the inability of the British
legation there to furnish troops for
its defense.
Cornelius Van H. Engert, the
fighting American minister to the
Ethiopian capital, radioed the State
Department at 11 p.m. Addis Ababa
time (1 p.m. Bay District time) that
his embattled staff could hold their
own during the night as conditions
were slightly improved.
A call for aid from the British In
dian Sikhs, guarding England's lega
tion only four miles away from the
American compound, was relayed a
distance more than half way around
the world. But at Engert's last re
port the aid had not yet arrived.
Time and again, in terse messages
sent to the State Department, the
American minister praised the brav
ery of the handful of men and wom
en with him.
Two native servants lay seriously
wounded within the legation. Both
were s'truck by direct*i'ifle fire into
the compound. Engert gave no
word, however, that any other of
those with him had been wounded
despite the sharp battle that was
waged in beating off a concerted at
tack by would-be looters early in
the day.
An advance guard of native troops
under the command of General
Pirzio entered the suburbs of Addis
Ababa late yesterday, a reliable
source reported to Rome last night.
The report of the entry of the first
of the northern blackshirt warriors
came as II Duce's government was
reported taking what it believes to
be "adequate measures" for the pro
tection and release of foreigners in
besieged legations in the Ethiopian
capital.
Meanwhile, Secretary Hull wire
lessed the American minister in
Addis Ababa to evacuate all occu
pants of the American legation be
cause of the inability of the British
legation there to furnish troops for
its defense.
Cornelius Van H. Engert, the
fighting American minister to the
Ethiopian capital, radioed the State
Department at 11 p.m. Addis Ababa
time (1 p.m. Bay District time) that
his embattled staff could hold their
own during the night as conditions
were slightly improved.
A call for aid from the British In
dian Sikhs, guarding England's lega
tion only four miles away from the
American compound, was relayed a
distance more than half way around
the world. But at Engert's last re
port the aid had not yet arrived.
Time and again, in terse messages
sent to the State Department, the
American minister praised the brav
ery of the handful of men and wom
en with him.
Two native servants lay seriously
wounded within the legation. Both
were s'truck by direct*i'ifle fire into
the compound. Engert gave no
word, however, that any other of
those with him had been wounded
despite the sharp battle that was
waged in beating off a concerted at
tack by would-be looters early in
the day.
An advance guard of native troops
under the command of General
Pirzio entered the suburbs of Addis
Ababa late yesterday, a reliable
source reported to Rome last night.
The report of the entry of the first
of the northern blackshirt warriors
came as II Duce's government was
reported taking what it believes to
be "adequate measures" for the pro
tection and release of foreigners in
besieged legations in the Ethiopian
capital.
Meanwhile, Secretary Hull wire
lessed the American minister in
Addis Ababa to evacuate all occu
pants of the American legation be
cause of the inability of the British
legation there to furnish troops for
its defense.
Cornelius Van H. Engert, the
fighting American minister to the
Ethiopian capital, radioed the State
Department at 11 p.m. Addis Ababa
time (1 p.m. Bay District time) that
his embattled staff could hold their
own during the night as conditions
were slightly improved.
A call for aid from the British In
dian Sikhs, guarding England's lega
tion only four miles away from the
American compound, was relayed a
distance more than half way around
the world. But at Engert's last re
port the aid had not yet arrived.
Time and again, in terse messages
sent to the State Department, the
American minister praised the brav
ery of the handful of men and wom
en with him.
Two native servants lay seriously
wounded within the legation. Both
were s'truck by direct*i'ifle fire into
the compound. Engert gave no
word, however, that any other of
those with him had been wounded
despite the sharp battle that was
waged in beating off a concerted at
tack by would-be looters early in
the day.
An advance guard of native troops
under the command of General
Pirzio entered the suburbs of Addis
Ababa late yesterday, a reliable
source reported to Rome last night.
The report of the entry of the first
of the northern blackshirt warriors
came as II Duce's government was
reported taking what it believes to
be "adequate measures" for the pro
tection and release of foreigners in
besieged legations in the Ethiopian
capital.
Meanwhile, Secretary Hull wire
lessed the American minister in
Addis Ababa to evacuate all occu
pants of the American legation be
cause of the inability of the British
legation there to furnish troops for
its defense.
Cornelius Van H. Engert, the
fighting American minister to the
Ethiopian capital, radioed the State
Department at 11 p.m. Addis Ababa
time (1 p.m. Bay District time) that
his embattled staff could hold their
own during the night as conditions
were slightly improved.
A call for aid from the British In
dian Sikhs, guarding England's lega
tion only four miles away from the
American compound, was relayed a
distance more than half way around
the world. But at Engert's last re
port the aid had not yet arrived.
Time and again, in terse messages
sent to the State Department, the
American minister praised the brav
ery of the handful of men and wom
en with him.
Two native servants lay seriously
wounded within the legation. Both
were s'truck by direct*i'ifle fire into
the compound. Engert gave no
word, however, that any other of
those with him had been wounded
despite the sharp battle that was
waged in beating off a concerted at
tack by would-be looters early in
the day.
An advance guard of native troops
under the command of General
Pirzio entered the suburbs of Addis
Ababa late yesterday, a reliable
source reported to Rome last night.
The report of the entry of the first
of the northern blackshirt warriors
came as II Duce's government was
reported taking what it believes to
be "adequate measures" for the pro
tection and release of foreigners in
besieged legations in the Ethiopian
capital.
Meanwhile, Secretary Hull wire
lessed the American minister in
Addis Ababa to evacuate all occu
pants of the American legation be
cause of the inability of the British
legation there to furnish troops for
its defense.
Cornelius Van H. Engert, the
fighting American minister to the
Ethiopian capital, radioed the State
Department at 11 p.m. Addis Ababa
time (1 p.m. Bay District time) that
his embattled staff could hold their
own during the night as conditions
were slightly improved.
A call for aid from the British In
dian Sikhs, guarding England's lega
tion only four miles away from the
American compound, was relayed a
distance more than half way around
the world. But at Engert's last re
port the aid had not yet arrived.
Time and again, in terse messages
sent to the State Department, the
American minister praised the brav
ery of the handful of men and wom
en with him.
Two native servants lay seriously
wounded within the legation. Both
were s'truck by direct*i'ifle fire into
the compound. Engert gave no
word, however, that any other of
those with him had been wounded
despite the sharp battle that was
waged in beating off a concerted at
tack by would-be looters early in
the day.
An advance guard of native troops
under the command of General
Pirzio entered the suburbs of Addis
Ababa late yesterday, a reliable
source reported to Rome last night.
The report of the entry of the first
of the northern blackshirt warriors
came as II Duce's government was
reported taking what it believes to
be "adequate measures" for the pro
tection and release of foreigners in
besieged legations in the Ethiopian
capital.
Meanwhile, Secretary Hull wire
lessed the American minister in
Addis Ababa to evacuate all occu
pants of the American legation be
cause of the inability of the British
legation there to furnish troops for
its defense.
Cornelius Van H. Engert, the
fighting American minister to the
Ethiopian capital, radioed the State
Department at 11 p.m. Addis Ababa
time (1 p.m. Bay District time) that
his embattled staff could hold their
own during the night as conditions
were slightly improved.
A call for aid from the British In
dian Sikhs, guarding England's lega
tion only four miles away from the
American compound, was relayed a
distance more than half way around
the world. But at Engert's last re
port the aid had not yet arrived.
Time and again, in terse messages
sent to the State Department, the
American minister praised the brav
ery of the handful of men and wom
en with him.
Two native servants lay seriously
wounded within the legation. Both
were s'truck by direct*i'ifle fire into
the compound. Engert gave no
word, however, that any other of
those with him had been wounded
despite the sharp battle that was
waged in beating off a concerted at
tack by would-be looters early in
the day.
An advance guard of native troops
under the command of General
Pirzio entered the suburbs of Addis
Ababa late yesterday, a reliable
source reported to Rome last night.
The report of the entry of the first
of the northern blackshirt warriors
came as II Duce's government was
reported taking what it believes to
be "adequate measures" for the pro
tection and release of foreigners in
besieged legations in the Ethiopian
capital.
Meanwhile, Secretary Hull wire
lessed the American minister in
Addis Ababa to evacuate all occu
pants of the American legation be
cause of the inability of the British
legation there to furnish troops for
its defense.
Cornelius Van H. Engert, the
fighting American minister to the
Ethiopian capital, radioed the State
Department at 11 p.m. Addis Ababa
time (1 p.m. Bay District time) that
his embattled staff could hold their
own during the night as conditions
were slightly improved.
A call for aid from the British In
dian Sikhs, guarding England's lega
tion only four miles away from the
American compound, was relayed a
distance more than half way around
the world. But at Engert's last re
port the aid had not yet arrived.
Time and again, in terse messages
sent to the State Department, the
American minister praised the brav
ery of the handful of men and wom
en with him.
Two native servants lay seriously
wounded within the legation. Both
were s'truck by direct*i'ifle fire into
the compound. Engert gave no
word, however, that any other of
those with him had been wounded
despite the sharp battle that was
waged in beating off a concerted at
tack by would-be looters early in
the day.
An advance guard of native troops
under the command of General
Pirzio entered the suburbs of Addis
Ababa late yesterday, a reliable
source reported to Rome last night.
The report of the entry of the first
of the northern blackshirt warriors
came as II Duce's government was
reported taking what it believes to
be "adequate measures" for the pro
tection and release of foreigners in
besieged legations in the Ethiopian
capital.
Meanwhile, Secretary Hull wire
lessed the American minister in
Addis Ababa to evacuate all occu
pants of the American legation be
cause of the inability of the British
legation there to furnish troops for
its defense.
Cornelius Van H. Engert, the
fighting American minister to the
Ethiopian capital, radioed the State
Department at 11 p.m. Addis Ababa
time (1 p.m. Bay District time) that
his embattled staff could hold their
own during the night as conditions
were slightly improved.
A call for aid from the British In
dian Sikhs, guarding England's lega
tion only four miles away from the
American compound, was relayed a
distance more than half way around
the world. But at Engert's last re
port the aid had not yet arrived.
Time and again, in terse messages
sent to the State Department, the
American minister praised the brav
ery of the handful of men and wom
en with him.
Two native servants lay seriously
wounded within the legation. Both
were s'truck by direct*i'ifle fire into
the compound. Engert gave no
word, however, that any other of
those with him had been wounded
despite the sharp battle that was
waged in beating off a concerted at
tack by would-be looters early in
the day.
An advance guard of native troops
under the command of General
Pirzio entered the suburbs of Addis
Ababa late yesterday, a reliable
source reported to Rome last night.
The report of the entry of the first
of the northern blackshirt warriors
came as II Duce's government was
reported taking what it believes to
be "adequate measures" for the pro
tection and release of foreigners in
besieged legations in the Ethiopian
capital.
Meanwhile, Secretary Hull wire
lessed the American minister in
Addis Ababa to evacuate all occu
pants of the American legation be
cause of the inability of the British
legation there to furnish troops for
its defense.
Cornelius Van H. Engert, the
fighting American minister to the
Ethiopian capital, radioed the State
Department at 11 p.m. Addis Ababa
time (1 p.m. Bay District time) that
his embattled staff could hold their
own during the night as conditions
were slightly improved.
A call for aid from the British In
dian Sikhs, guarding England's lega
tion only four miles away from the
American compound, was relayed a
distance more than half way around
the world. But at Engert's last re
port the aid had not yet arrived.
Time and again, in terse messages
sent to the State Department, the
American minister praised the brav
ery of the handful of men and wom
en with him.
Two native servants lay seriously
wounded within the legation. Both
were s'truck by direct*i'ifle fire into
the compound. Engert gave no
word, however, that any other of
those with him had been wounded
despite the sharp battle that was
waged in beating off a concerted at
tack by would-be looters early in
the day.
An advance guard of native troops
under the command of General
Pirzio entered the suburbs of Addis
Ababa late yesterday, a reliable
source reported to Rome last night.
The report of the entry of the first
of the northern blackshirt warriors
came as II Duce's government was
reported taking what it believes to
be "adequate measures" for the pro
tection and release of foreigners in
besieged legations in the Ethiopian
capital.
Meanwhile, Secretary Hull wire
lessed the American minister in
Addis Ababa to evacuate all occu
pants of the American legation be
cause of the inability of the British
legation there to furnish troops for
its defense.
Cornelius Van H. Engert, the
fighting American minister to the
Ethiopian capital, radioed the State
Department at 11 p.m. Addis Ababa
time (1 p.m. Bay District time) that
his embattled staff could hold their
own during the night as conditions
were slightly improved.
A call for aid from the British In
dian Sikhs, guarding England's lega
tion only four miles away from the
American compound, was relayed a
distance more than half way around
the world. But at Engert's last re
port the aid had not yet arrived.
Time and again, in terse messages
sent to the State Department, the
American minister praised the brav
ery of the handful of men and wom
en with him.
Two native servants lay seriously
wounded within the legation. Both
were s'truck by direct*i'ifle fire into
the compound. Engert gave no
word, however, that any other of
those with him had been wounded
despite the sharp battle that was
waged in beating off a concerted at
tack by would-be looters early in
the day.
An advance guard of native troops
under the command of General
Pirzio entered the suburbs of Addis
Ababa late yesterday, a reliable
source reported to Rome last night.
The report of the entry of the first
of the northern blackshirt warriors
came as II Duce's government was
reported taking what it believes to
be "adequate measures" for the pro
tection and release of foreigners in
besieged legations in the Ethiopian
capital.
Meanwhile, Secretary Hull wire
lessed the American minister in
Addis Ababa to evacuate all occu
pants of the American legation be
cause of the inability of the British
legation there to furnish troops for
its defense.
Cornelius Van H. Engert, the
fighting American minister to the
Ethiopian capital, radioed the State
Department at 11 p.m. Addis Ababa
time (1 p.m. Bay District time) that
his embattled staff could hold their
own during the night as conditions
were slightly improved.
A call for aid from the British In
dian Sikhs, guarding England's lega
tion only four miles away from the
American compound, was relayed a
distance more than half way around
the world. But at Engert's last re
port the aid had not yet arrived.
Time and again, in terse messages
sent to the State Department, the
American minister praised the brav
ery of the handful of men and wom
en with him.
Two native servants lay seriously
wounded within the legation. Both
were s'truck by direct*i'ifle fire into
the compound. Engert gave no
word, however, that any other of
those with him had been wounded
despite the sharp battle that was
waged in beating off a concerted at
tack by would-be looters early in
the day.
An advance guard of native troops
under the command of General
Pirzio entered the suburbs of Addis
Ababa late yesterday, a reliable
source reported to Rome last night.
The report of the entry of the first
of the northern blackshirt warriors
came as II Duce's government was
reported taking what it believes to
be "adequate measures" for the pro
tection and release of foreigners in
besieged legations in the Ethiopian
capital.
Meanwhile, Secretary Hull wire
lessed the American minister in
Addis Ababa to evacuate all occu
pants of the American legation be
cause of the inability of the British
legation there to furnish troops for
its defense.
Cornelius Van H. Engert, the
fighting American minister to the
Ethiopian capital, radioed the State
Department at 11 p.m. Addis Ababa
time (1 p.m. Bay District time) that
his embattled staff could hold their
own during the night as conditions
were slightly improved.
A call for aid from the British In
dian Sikhs, guarding England's lega
tion only four miles away from the
American compound, was relayed a
distance more than half way around
the world. But at Engert's last re
port the aid had not yet arrived.
Time and again, in terse messages
sent to the State Department, the
American minister praised the brav
ery of the handful of men and wom
en with him.
Two native servants lay seriously
wounded within the legation. Both
were s'truck by direct*i'ifle fire into
the compound. Engert gave no
word, however, that any other of
those with him had been wounded
despite the sharp battle that was
waged in beating off a concerted at
tack by would-be looters early in
the day.
An advance guard of native troops
under the command of General
Pirzio entered the suburbs of Addis
Ababa late yesterday, a reliable
source reported to Rome last night.
The report of the entry of the first
of the northern blackshirt warriors
came as II Duce's government was
reported taking what it believes to
be "adequate measures" for the pro
tection and release of foreigners in
besieged legations in the Ethiopian
capital.
Meanwhile, Secretary Hull wire
lessed the American minister in
Addis Ababa to evacuate all occu
pants of the American legation be
cause of the inability of the British
legation there to furnish troops for
its defense.
Cornelius Van H. Engert, the
fighting American minister to the
Ethiopian capital, radioed the State
Department at 11 p.m. Addis Ababa
time (1 p.m. Bay District time) that
his embattled staff could hold their
own during the night as conditions
were slightly improved.
A call for aid from the British In
dian Sikhs, guarding England's lega
tion only four miles away from the
American compound, was relayed a
distance more than half way around
the world. But at Engert's last re
port the aid had not yet arrived.
Time and again, in terse messages
sent to the State Department, the
American minister praised the brav
ery of the handful of men and wom
en with him.
Two native servants lay seriously
wounded within the legation. Both
were s'truck by direct*i'ifle fire into
the compound. Engert gave no
word, however, that any other of
those with him had been wounded
despite the sharp battle that was
waged in beating off a concerted at
tack by would-be looters early in
the day.
An advance guard of native troops
under the command of General
Pirzio entered the suburbs of Addis
Ababa late yesterday, a reliable
source reported to Rome last night.
The report of the entry of the first
of the northern blackshirt warriors
came as II Duce's government was
reported taking what it believes to
be "adequate measures" for the pro
tection and release of foreigners in
besieged legations in the Ethiopian
capital.
Meanwhile, Secretary Hull wire
lessed the American minister in
Addis Ababa to evacuate all occu
pants of the American legation be
cause of the inability of the British
legation there to furnish troops for
its defense.
Cornelius Van H. Engert, the
fighting American minister to the
Ethiopian capital, radioed the State
Department at 11 p.m. Addis Ababa
time (1 p.m. Bay District time) that
his embattled staff could hold their
own during the night as conditions
were slightly improved.
A call for aid from the British In
dian Sikhs, guarding England's lega
tion only four miles away from the
American compound, was relayed a
distance more than half way around
the world. But at Engert's last re
port the aid had not yet arrived.
Time and again, in terse messages
sent to the State Department, the
American minister praised the brav
ery of the handful of men and wom
en with him.
Two native servants lay seriously
wounded within the legation. Both
were s'truck by direct*i'ifle fire into
the compound. Engert gave no
word, however, that any other of
those with him had been wounded
despite the sharp battle that was
waged in beating off a concerted at
tack by would-be looters early in
the day.
