# 'Watch Team Work Today' Requests Tiny
## 
### 
"It's your team. We'd like to have
you let the fellows know it, and at
the same time learn more about it
yourself."
That was the way Tiny Thornhill
extended his invitation to Stanford
football enthusiasts to take a run
out to the practice field this after
noon at 4 o'clock for the first "Stu
dents' Day."
It's a new idea inaugurated by
Tiny himself and backed by Dick
Stark and his yell leading staff, built
upon the idea that both students and
players would be benefitted by an
audience at an occasional practice.
This afternoon it will be tested.
Thornhill will run his first string
through some of the most frequently
used plays in slow motion to give
spectators a chance to see how it's
done.
Stark will lead a yell practice
session and put a newly developed
yell on the testing block. And if
anyone present wants to offer a
brilliant suggestion for improvement
of Stanford yelling, that'll be wel
comed, too.
Winding up the afternoon's festiv
ities, Tiny will send his team
through its regular mid-week scrim
mage session.
"It's your team. We'd like to have
you let the fellows know it, and at
the same time learn more about it
yourself."
That was the way Tiny Thornhill
extended his invitation to Stanford
football enthusiasts to take a run
out to the practice field this after
noon at 4 o'clock for the first "Stu
dents' Day."
It's a new idea inaugurated by
Tiny himself and backed by Dick
Stark and his yell leading staff, built
upon the idea that both students and
players would be benefitted by an
audience at an occasional practice.
This afternoon it will be tested.
Thornhill will run his first string
through some of the most frequently
used plays in slow motion to give
spectators a chance to see how it's
done.
Stark will lead a yell practice
session and put a newly developed
yell on the testing block. And if
anyone present wants to offer a
brilliant suggestion for improvement
of Stanford yelling, that'll be wel
comed, too.
Winding up the afternoon's festiv
ities, Tiny will send his team
through its regular mid-week scrim
mage session.
"It's your team. We'd like to have
you let the fellows know it, and at
the same time learn more about it
yourself."
That was the way Tiny Thornhill
extended his invitation to Stanford
football enthusiasts to take a run
out to the practice field this after
noon at 4 o'clock for the first "Stu
dents' Day."
It's a new idea inaugurated by
Tiny himself and backed by Dick
Stark and his yell leading staff, built
upon the idea that both students and
players would be benefitted by an
audience at an occasional practice.
This afternoon it will be tested.
Thornhill will run his first string
through some of the most frequently
used plays in slow motion to give
spectators a chance to see how it's
done.
Stark will lead a yell practice
session and put a newly developed
yell on the testing block. And if
anyone present wants to offer a
brilliant suggestion for improvement
of Stanford yelling, that'll be wel
comed, too.
Winding up the afternoon's festiv
ities, Tiny will send his team
through its regular mid-week scrim
mage session.
"It's your team. We'd like to have
you let the fellows know it, and at
the same time learn more about it
yourself."
That was the way Tiny Thornhill
extended his invitation to Stanford
football enthusiasts to take a run
out to the practice field this after
noon at 4 o'clock for the first "Stu
dents' Day."
It's a new idea inaugurated by
Tiny himself and backed by Dick
Stark and his yell leading staff, built
upon the idea that both students and
players would be benefitted by an
audience at an occasional practice.
This afternoon it will be tested.
Thornhill will run his first string
through some of the most frequently
used plays in slow motion to give
spectators a chance to see how it's
done.
Stark will lead a yell practice
session and put a newly developed
yell on the testing block. And if
anyone present wants to offer a
brilliant suggestion for improvement
of Stanford yelling, that'll be wel
comed, too.
Winding up the afternoon's festiv
ities, Tiny will send his team
through its regular mid-week scrim
mage session.
"It's your team. We'd like to have
you let the fellows know it, and at
the same time learn more about it
yourself."
That was the way Tiny Thornhill
extended his invitation to Stanford
football enthusiasts to take a run
out to the practice field this after
noon at 4 o'clock for the first "Stu
dents' Day."
It's a new idea inaugurated by
Tiny himself and backed by Dick
Stark and his yell leading staff, built
upon the idea that both students and
players would be benefitted by an
audience at an occasional practice.
This afternoon it will be tested.
Thornhill will run his first string
through some of the most frequently
used plays in slow motion to give
spectators a chance to see how it's
done.
Stark will lead a yell practice
session and put a newly developed
yell on the testing block. And if
anyone present wants to offer a
brilliant suggestion for improvement
of Stanford yelling, that'll be wel
comed, too.
Winding up the afternoon's festiv
ities, Tiny will send his team
through its regular mid-week scrim
mage session.
"It's your team. We'd like to have
you let the fellows know it, and at
the same time learn more about it
yourself."
That was the way Tiny Thornhill
extended his invitation to Stanford
football enthusiasts to take a run
out to the practice field this after
noon at 4 o'clock for the first "Stu
dents' Day."
It's a new idea inaugurated by
Tiny himself and backed by Dick
Stark and his yell leading staff, built
upon the idea that both students and
players would be benefitted by an
audience at an occasional practice.
This afternoon it will be tested.
Thornhill will run his first string
through some of the most frequently
used plays in slow motion to give
spectators a chance to see how it's
done.
Stark will lead a yell practice
session and put a newly developed
yell on the testing block. And if
anyone present wants to offer a
brilliant suggestion for improvement
of Stanford yelling, that'll be wel
comed, too.
Winding up the afternoon's festiv
ities, Tiny will send his team
through its regular mid-week scrim
mage session.
"It's your team. We'd like to have
you let the fellows know it, and at
the same time learn more about it
yourself."
That was the way Tiny Thornhill
extended his invitation to Stanford
football enthusiasts to take a run
out to the practice field this after
noon at 4 o'clock for the first "Stu
dents' Day."
It's a new idea inaugurated by
Tiny himself and backed by Dick
Stark and his yell leading staff, built
upon the idea that both students and
players would be benefitted by an
audience at an occasional practice.
This afternoon it will be tested.
Thornhill will run his first string
through some of the most frequently
used plays in slow motion to give
spectators a chance to see how it's
done.
Stark will lead a yell practice
session and put a newly developed
yell on the testing block. And if
anyone present wants to offer a
brilliant suggestion for improvement
of Stanford yelling, that'll be wel
comed, too.
Winding up the afternoon's festiv
ities, Tiny will send his team
through its regular mid-week scrim
mage session.
"It's your team. We'd like to have
you let the fellows know it, and at
the same time learn more about it
yourself."
That was the way Tiny Thornhill
extended his invitation to Stanford
football enthusiasts to take a run
out to the practice field this after
noon at 4 o'clock for the first "Stu
dents' Day."
It's a new idea inaugurated by
Tiny himself and backed by Dick
Stark and his yell leading staff, built
upon the idea that both students and
players would be benefitted by an
audience at an occasional practice.
This afternoon it will be tested.
Thornhill will run his first string
through some of the most frequently
used plays in slow motion to give
spectators a chance to see how it's
done.
Stark will lead a yell practice
session and put a newly developed
yell on the testing block. And if
anyone present wants to offer a
brilliant suggestion for improvement
of Stanford yelling, that'll be wel
comed, too.
Winding up the afternoon's festiv
ities, Tiny will send his team
through its regular mid-week scrim
mage session.
"It's your team. We'd like to have
you let the fellows know it, and at
the same time learn more about it
yourself."
That was the way Tiny Thornhill
extended his invitation to Stanford
football enthusiasts to take a run
out to the practice field this after
noon at 4 o'clock for the first "Stu
dents' Day."
It's a new idea inaugurated by
Tiny himself and backed by Dick
Stark and his yell leading staff, built
upon the idea that both students and
players would be benefitted by an
audience at an occasional practice.
This afternoon it will be tested.
Thornhill will run his first string
through some of the most frequently
used plays in slow motion to give
spectators a chance to see how it's
done.
Stark will lead a yell practice
session and put a newly developed
yell on the testing block. And if
anyone present wants to offer a
brilliant suggestion for improvement
of Stanford yelling, that'll be wel
comed, too.
Winding up the afternoon's festiv
ities, Tiny will send his team
through its regular mid-week scrim
mage session.
"It's your team. We'd like to have
you let the fellows know it, and at
the same time learn more about it
yourself."
That was the way Tiny Thornhill
extended his invitation to Stanford
football enthusiasts to take a run
out to the practice field this after
noon at 4 o'clock for the first "Stu
dents' Day."
It's a new idea inaugurated by
Tiny himself and backed by Dick
Stark and his yell leading staff, built
upon the idea that both students and
players would be benefitted by an
audience at an occasional practice.
This afternoon it will be tested.
Thornhill will run his first string
through some of the most frequently
used plays in slow motion to give
spectators a chance to see how it's
done.
Stark will lead a yell practice
session and put a newly developed
yell on the testing block. And if
anyone present wants to offer a
brilliant suggestion for improvement
of Stanford yelling, that'll be wel
comed, too.
Winding up the afternoon's festiv
ities, Tiny will send his team
through its regular mid-week scrim
mage session.
"It's your team. We'd like to have
you let the fellows know it, and at
the same time learn more about it
yourself."
That was the way Tiny Thornhill
extended his invitation to Stanford
football enthusiasts to take a run
out to the practice field this after
noon at 4 o'clock for the first "Stu
dents' Day."
It's a new idea inaugurated by
Tiny himself and backed by Dick
Stark and his yell leading staff, built
upon the idea that both students and
players would be benefitted by an
audience at an occasional practice.
This afternoon it will be tested.
Thornhill will run his first string
through some of the most frequently
used plays in slow motion to give
spectators a chance to see how it's
done.
Stark will lead a yell practice
session and put a newly developed
yell on the testing block. And if
anyone present wants to offer a
brilliant suggestion for improvement
of Stanford yelling, that'll be wel
comed, too.
Winding up the afternoon's festiv
ities, Tiny will send his team
through its regular mid-week scrim
mage session.
"It's your team. We'd like to have
you let the fellows know it, and at
the same time learn more about it
yourself."
That was the way Tiny Thornhill
extended his invitation to Stanford
football enthusiasts to take a run
out to the practice field this after
noon at 4 o'clock for the first "Stu
dents' Day."
It's a new idea inaugurated by
Tiny himself and backed by Dick
Stark and his yell leading staff, built
upon the idea that both students and
players would be benefitted by an
audience at an occasional practice.
This afternoon it will be tested.
Thornhill will run his first string
through some of the most frequently
used plays in slow motion to give
spectators a chance to see how it's
done.
Stark will lead a yell practice
session and put a newly developed
yell on the testing block. And if
anyone present wants to offer a
brilliant suggestion for improvement
of Stanford yelling, that'll be wel
comed, too.
Winding up the afternoon's festiv
ities, Tiny will send his team
through its regular mid-week scrim
mage session.
"It's your team. We'd like to have
you let the fellows know it, and at
the same time learn more about it
yourself."
That was the way Tiny Thornhill
extended his invitation to Stanford
football enthusiasts to take a run
out to the practice field this after
noon at 4 o'clock for the first "Stu
dents' Day."
It's a new idea inaugurated by
Tiny himself and backed by Dick
Stark and his yell leading staff, built
upon the idea that both students and
players would be benefitted by an
audience at an occasional practice.
This afternoon it will be tested.
Thornhill will run his first string
through some of the most frequently
used plays in slow motion to give
spectators a chance to see how it's
done.
Stark will lead a yell practice
session and put a newly developed
yell on the testing block. And if
anyone present wants to offer a
brilliant suggestion for improvement
of Stanford yelling, that'll be wel
comed, too.
Winding up the afternoon's festiv
ities, Tiny will send his team
through its regular mid-week scrim
mage session.
"It's your team. We'd like to have
you let the fellows know it, and at
the same time learn more about it
yourself."
That was the way Tiny Thornhill
extended his invitation to Stanford
football enthusiasts to take a run
out to the practice field this after
noon at 4 o'clock for the first "Stu
dents' Day."
It's a new idea inaugurated by
Tiny himself and backed by Dick
Stark and his yell leading staff, built
upon the idea that both students and
players would be benefitted by an
audience at an occasional practice.
This afternoon it will be tested.
Thornhill will run his first string
through some of the most frequently
used plays in slow motion to give
spectators a chance to see how it's
done.
Stark will lead a yell practice
session and put a newly developed
yell on the testing block. And if
anyone present wants to offer a
brilliant suggestion for improvement
of Stanford yelling, that'll be wel
comed, too.
Winding up the afternoon's festiv
ities, Tiny will send his team
through its regular mid-week scrim
mage session.
"It's your team. We'd like to have
you let the fellows know it, and at
the same time learn more about it
yourself."
That was the way Tiny Thornhill
extended his invitation to Stanford
football enthusiasts to take a run
out to the practice field this after
noon at 4 o'clock for the first "Stu
dents' Day."
It's a new idea inaugurated by
Tiny himself and backed by Dick
Stark and his yell leading staff, built
upon the idea that both students and
players would be benefitted by an
audience at an occasional practice.
This afternoon it will be tested.
Thornhill will run his first string
through some of the most frequently
used plays in slow motion to give
spectators a chance to see how it's
done.
Stark will lead a yell practice
session and put a newly developed
yell on the testing block. And if
anyone present wants to offer a
brilliant suggestion for improvement
of Stanford yelling, that'll be wel
comed, too.
Winding up the afternoon's festiv
ities, Tiny will send his team
through its regular mid-week scrim
mage session.
