# STRIKE HEADS AGREE
## 
### 
CHICAGO, Oct. 7 (/P).—A 30-day
truce in the milk strike, which has
beset Chicago since last Monday,
was tentatively agreed upon today
by representatives of the Pure Milk
Association, the Associated Milk
Dealers, Inc., and leaders of the
striking farmers, and Governor
Henry Horner.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7 (/P).—A 30-day
truce in the milk strike, which has
beset Chicago since last Monday,
was tentatively agreed upon today
by representatives of the Pure Milk
Association, the Associated Milk
Dealers, Inc., and leaders of the
striking farmers, and Governor
Henry Horner.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7 (/P).—A 30-day
truce in the milk strike, which has
beset Chicago since last Monday,
was tentatively agreed upon today
by representatives of the Pure Milk
Association, the Associated Milk
Dealers, Inc., and leaders of the
striking farmers, and Governor
Henry Horner.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7 (/P).—A 30-day
truce in the milk strike, which has
beset Chicago since last Monday,
was tentatively agreed upon today
by representatives of the Pure Milk
Association, the Associated Milk
Dealers, Inc., and leaders of the
striking farmers, and Governor
Henry Horner.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7 (/P).—A 30-day
truce in the milk strike, which has
beset Chicago since last Monday,
was tentatively agreed upon today
by representatives of the Pure Milk
Association, the Associated Milk
Dealers, Inc., and leaders of the
striking farmers, and Governor
Henry Horner.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7 (/P).—A 30-day
truce in the milk strike, which has
beset Chicago since last Monday,
was tentatively agreed upon today
by representatives of the Pure Milk
Association, the Associated Milk
Dealers, Inc., and leaders of the
striking farmers, and Governor
Henry Horner.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7 (/P).—A 30-day
truce in the milk strike, which has
beset Chicago since last Monday,
was tentatively agreed upon today
by representatives of the Pure Milk
Association, the Associated Milk
Dealers, Inc., and leaders of the
striking farmers, and Governor
Henry Horner.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7 (/P).—A 30-day
truce in the milk strike, which has
beset Chicago since last Monday,
was tentatively agreed upon today
by representatives of the Pure Milk
Association, the Associated Milk
Dealers, Inc., and leaders of the
striking farmers, and Governor
Henry Horner.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7 (/P).—A 30-day
truce in the milk strike, which has
beset Chicago since last Monday,
was tentatively agreed upon today
by representatives of the Pure Milk
Association, the Associated Milk
Dealers, Inc., and leaders of the
striking farmers, and Governor
Henry Horner.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7 (/P).—A 30-day
truce in the milk strike, which has
beset Chicago since last Monday,
was tentatively agreed upon today
by representatives of the Pure Milk
Association, the Associated Milk
Dealers, Inc., and leaders of the
striking farmers, and Governor
Henry Horner.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7 (/P).—A 30-day
truce in the milk strike, which has
beset Chicago since last Monday,
was tentatively agreed upon today
by representatives of the Pure Milk
Association, the Associated Milk
Dealers, Inc., and leaders of the
striking farmers, and Governor
Henry Horner.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7 (/P).—A 30-day
truce in the milk strike, which has
beset Chicago since last Monday,
was tentatively agreed upon today
by representatives of the Pure Milk
Association, the Associated Milk
Dealers, Inc., and leaders of the
striking farmers, and Governor
Henry Horner.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7 (/P).—A 30-day
truce in the milk strike, which has
beset Chicago since last Monday,
was tentatively agreed upon today
by representatives of the Pure Milk
Association, the Associated Milk
Dealers, Inc., and leaders of the
striking farmers, and Governor
Henry Horner.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7 (/P).—A 30-day
truce in the milk strike, which has
beset Chicago since last Monday,
was tentatively agreed upon today
by representatives of the Pure Milk
Association, the Associated Milk
Dealers, Inc., and leaders of the
striking farmers, and Governor
Henry Horner.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7 (/P).—A 30-day
truce in the milk strike, which has
beset Chicago since last Monday,
was tentatively agreed upon today
by representatives of the Pure Milk
Association, the Associated Milk
Dealers, Inc., and leaders of the
striking farmers, and Governor
Henry Horner.
