# Map Shows Sectors of Italian Concentration
## 
### 

This map of Ethiopia indicates where engagements between Italian and Ethiopian troops took place. The
Italian drive was concentrated on three fronts with six divisions heading down from Eritrea and resulted in
the capture of Aduwa. (Courtesy of Associated Press.)

This map of Ethiopia indicates where engagements between Italian and Ethiopian troops took place. The
Italian drive was concentrated on three fronts with six divisions heading down from Eritrea and resulted in
the capture of Aduwa. (Courtesy of Associated Press.)

This map of Ethiopia indicates where engagements between Italian and Ethiopian troops took place. The
Italian drive was concentrated on three fronts with six divisions heading down from Eritrea and resulted in
the capture of Aduwa. (Courtesy of Associated Press.)

This map of Ethiopia indicates where engagements between Italian and Ethiopian troops took place. The
Italian drive was concentrated on three fronts with six divisions heading down from Eritrea and resulted in
the capture of Aduwa. (Courtesy of Associated Press.)

This map of Ethiopia indicates where engagements between Italian and Ethiopian troops took place. The
Italian drive was concentrated on three fronts with six divisions heading down from Eritrea and resulted in
the capture of Aduwa. (Courtesy of Associated Press.)

This map of Ethiopia indicates where engagements between Italian and Ethiopian troops took place. The
Italian drive was concentrated on three fronts with six divisions heading down from Eritrea and resulted in
the capture of Aduwa. (Courtesy of Associated Press.)

This map of Ethiopia indicates where engagements between Italian and Ethiopian troops took place. The
Italian drive was concentrated on three fronts with six divisions heading down from Eritrea and resulted in
the capture of Aduwa. (Courtesy of Associated Press.)

This map of Ethiopia indicates where engagements between Italian and Ethiopian troops took place. The
Italian drive was concentrated on three fronts with six divisions heading down from Eritrea and resulted in
the capture of Aduwa. (Courtesy of Associated Press.)

This map of Ethiopia indicates where engagements between Italian and Ethiopian troops took place. The
Italian drive was concentrated on three fronts with six divisions heading down from Eritrea and resulted in
the capture of Aduwa. (Courtesy of Associated Press.)

This map of Ethiopia indicates where engagements between Italian and Ethiopian troops took place. The
Italian drive was concentrated on three fronts with six divisions heading down from Eritrea and resulted in
the capture of Aduwa. (Courtesy of Associated Press.)

This map of Ethiopia indicates where engagements between Italian and Ethiopian troops took place. The
Italian drive was concentrated on three fronts with six divisions heading down from Eritrea and resulted in
the capture of Aduwa. (Courtesy of Associated Press.)

This map of Ethiopia indicates where engagements between Italian and Ethiopian troops took place. The
Italian drive was concentrated on three fronts with six divisions heading down from Eritrea and resulted in
the capture of Aduwa. (Courtesy of Associated Press.)

This map of Ethiopia indicates where engagements between Italian and Ethiopian troops took place. The
Italian drive was concentrated on three fronts with six divisions heading down from Eritrea and resulted in
the capture of Aduwa. (Courtesy of Associated Press.)

This map of Ethiopia indicates where engagements between Italian and Ethiopian troops took place. The
Italian drive was concentrated on three fronts with six divisions heading down from Eritrea and resulted in
the capture of Aduwa. (Courtesy of Associated Press.)

This map of Ethiopia indicates where engagements between Italian and Ethiopian troops took place. The
Italian drive was concentrated on three fronts with six divisions heading down from Eritrea and resulted in
the capture of Aduwa. (Courtesy of Associated Press.)
