# PHI SIG PLEDGE
## 
### 
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Byron Stoner,
| '36.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Byron Stoner,
| '36.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Byron Stoner,
| '36.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Byron Stoner,
| '36.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Byron Stoner,
| '36.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Byron Stoner,
| '36.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Byron Stoner,
| '36.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Byron Stoner,
| '36.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Byron Stoner,
| '36.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Byron Stoner,
| '36.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Byron Stoner,
| '36.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Byron Stoner,
| '36.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Byron Stoner,
| '36.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Byron Stoner,
| '36.
Phi Sigma Kappa announces the
pledging of James Byron Stoner,
| '36.
