# TENNIS TOURNAMENT
## 
### 
All first-round matches for the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by this Sunday.
Players should contact their part
ners immediately. The second round
must be completed by next Sunday.
The draw sheets for the tourna
ment are posted in the men's and
women's gyms.
All first-round matches for the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by this Sunday.
Players should contact their part
ners immediately. The second round
must be completed by next Sunday.
The draw sheets for the tourna
ment are posted in the men's and
women's gyms.
All first-round matches for the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by this Sunday.
Players should contact their part
ners immediately. The second round
must be completed by next Sunday.
The draw sheets for the tourna
ment are posted in the men's and
women's gyms.
All first-round matches for the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by this Sunday.
Players should contact their part
ners immediately. The second round
must be completed by next Sunday.
The draw sheets for the tourna
ment are posted in the men's and
women's gyms.
All first-round matches for the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by this Sunday.
Players should contact their part
ners immediately. The second round
must be completed by next Sunday.
The draw sheets for the tourna
ment are posted in the men's and
women's gyms.
All first-round matches for the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by this Sunday.
Players should contact their part
ners immediately. The second round
must be completed by next Sunday.
The draw sheets for the tourna
ment are posted in the men's and
women's gyms.
All first-round matches for the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by this Sunday.
Players should contact their part
ners immediately. The second round
must be completed by next Sunday.
The draw sheets for the tourna
ment are posted in the men's and
women's gyms.
All first-round matches for the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by this Sunday.
Players should contact their part
ners immediately. The second round
must be completed by next Sunday.
The draw sheets for the tourna
ment are posted in the men's and
women's gyms.
All first-round matches for the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by this Sunday.
Players should contact their part
ners immediately. The second round
must be completed by next Sunday.
The draw sheets for the tourna
ment are posted in the men's and
women's gyms.
All first-round matches for the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by this Sunday.
Players should contact their part
ners immediately. The second round
must be completed by next Sunday.
The draw sheets for the tourna
ment are posted in the men's and
women's gyms.
All first-round matches for the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by this Sunday.
Players should contact their part
ners immediately. The second round
must be completed by next Sunday.
The draw sheets for the tourna
ment are posted in the men's and
women's gyms.
All first-round matches for the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by this Sunday.
Players should contact their part
ners immediately. The second round
must be completed by next Sunday.
The draw sheets for the tourna
ment are posted in the men's and
women's gyms.
All first-round matches for the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by this Sunday.
Players should contact their part
ners immediately. The second round
must be completed by next Sunday.
The draw sheets for the tourna
ment are posted in the men's and
women's gyms.
All first-round matches for the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by this Sunday.
Players should contact their part
ners immediately. The second round
must be completed by next Sunday.
The draw sheets for the tourna
ment are posted in the men's and
women's gyms.
All first-round matches for the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by this Sunday.
Players should contact their part
ners immediately. The second round
must be completed by next Sunday.
The draw sheets for the tourna
ment are posted in the men's and
women's gyms.
All first-round matches for the
mixed doubles tennis tournament
must be played by this Sunday.
Players should contact their part
ners immediately. The second round
must be completed by next Sunday.
The draw sheets for the tourna
ment are posted in the men's and
women's gyms.
