# F.D.R. Vessel Battles Storm
## Naval Destroyer Races President to Shore 
### 
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Sept. 30
(UP). —President Roosevelt returned
to the United States today after a
bumpy voyage through stormy seas
from Victoria, 8.C., where he made
a brief "good neighbor" visit to
Canada.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Sept. 30 (UP).—
Full speed was ordered tonight on
the navy destroyer Phelps, carrying
President Roosevelt back to the
United States after a "good neigh
bor" visit to Canada, as a gale
threatened to sweep in from the
coast.
The President's party had an
hour's run aci*oss the storm-swept
strait of Juan de Fuca to Port An
geles, Wash., as Commander A. H.
Rocks of the Phelps raced for port,
the Norwegian freighter, Soloy, was
on the rocks off Thormanby Island,
between Powell River and Vancou
ver. Twenty-seven men were aboard,
but the vessel was said to be in no
immediate danger.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Sept. 30
(UP). —President Roosevelt returned
to the United States today after a
bumpy voyage through stormy seas
from Victoria, 8.C., where he made
a brief "good neighbor" visit to
Canada.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Sept. 30 (UP).—
Full speed was ordered tonight on
the navy destroyer Phelps, carrying
President Roosevelt back to the
United States after a "good neigh
bor" visit to Canada, as a gale
threatened to sweep in from the
coast.
The President's party had an
hour's run aci*oss the storm-swept
strait of Juan de Fuca to Port An
geles, Wash., as Commander A. H.
Rocks of the Phelps raced for port,
the Norwegian freighter, Soloy, was
on the rocks off Thormanby Island,
between Powell River and Vancou
ver. Twenty-seven men were aboard,
but the vessel was said to be in no
immediate danger.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Sept. 30
(UP). —President Roosevelt returned
to the United States today after a
bumpy voyage through stormy seas
from Victoria, 8.C., where he made
a brief "good neighbor" visit to
Canada.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Sept. 30 (UP).—
Full speed was ordered tonight on
the navy destroyer Phelps, carrying
President Roosevelt back to the
United States after a "good neigh
bor" visit to Canada, as a gale
threatened to sweep in from the
coast.
The President's party had an
hour's run aci*oss the storm-swept
strait of Juan de Fuca to Port An
geles, Wash., as Commander A. H.
Rocks of the Phelps raced for port,
the Norwegian freighter, Soloy, was
on the rocks off Thormanby Island,
between Powell River and Vancou
ver. Twenty-seven men were aboard,
but the vessel was said to be in no
immediate danger.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Sept. 30
(UP). —President Roosevelt returned
to the United States today after a
bumpy voyage through stormy seas
from Victoria, 8.C., where he made
a brief "good neighbor" visit to
Canada.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Sept. 30 (UP).—
Full speed was ordered tonight on
the navy destroyer Phelps, carrying
President Roosevelt back to the
United States after a "good neigh
bor" visit to Canada, as a gale
threatened to sweep in from the
coast.
The President's party had an
hour's run aci*oss the storm-swept
strait of Juan de Fuca to Port An
geles, Wash., as Commander A. H.
Rocks of the Phelps raced for port,
the Norwegian freighter, Soloy, was
on the rocks off Thormanby Island,
between Powell River and Vancou
ver. Twenty-seven men were aboard,
but the vessel was said to be in no
immediate danger.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Sept. 30
(UP). —President Roosevelt returned
to the United States today after a
bumpy voyage through stormy seas
from Victoria, 8.C., where he made
a brief "good neighbor" visit to
Canada.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Sept. 30 (UP).—
Full speed was ordered tonight on
the navy destroyer Phelps, carrying
President Roosevelt back to the
United States after a "good neigh
bor" visit to Canada, as a gale
threatened to sweep in from the
coast.
The President's party had an
hour's run aci*oss the storm-swept
strait of Juan de Fuca to Port An
geles, Wash., as Commander A. H.
Rocks of the Phelps raced for port,
the Norwegian freighter, Soloy, was
on the rocks off Thormanby Island,
between Powell River and Vancou
ver. Twenty-seven men were aboard,
but the vessel was said to be in no
immediate danger.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Sept. 30
(UP). —President Roosevelt returned
to the United States today after a
bumpy voyage through stormy seas
from Victoria, 8.C., where he made
a brief "good neighbor" visit to
Canada.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Sept. 30 (UP).—
Full speed was ordered tonight on
the navy destroyer Phelps, carrying
President Roosevelt back to the
United States after a "good neigh
bor" visit to Canada, as a gale
threatened to sweep in from the
coast.
The President's party had an
hour's run aci*oss the storm-swept
strait of Juan de Fuca to Port An
geles, Wash., as Commander A. H.
Rocks of the Phelps raced for port,
the Norwegian freighter, Soloy, was
on the rocks off Thormanby Island,
between Powell River and Vancou
ver. Twenty-seven men were aboard,
but the vessel was said to be in no
immediate danger.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Sept. 30
(UP). —President Roosevelt returned
to the United States today after a
bumpy voyage through stormy seas
from Victoria, 8.C., where he made
a brief "good neighbor" visit to
Canada.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Sept. 30 (UP).—
Full speed was ordered tonight on
the navy destroyer Phelps, carrying
President Roosevelt back to the
United States after a "good neigh
bor" visit to Canada, as a gale
threatened to sweep in from the
coast.
The President's party had an
hour's run aci*oss the storm-swept
strait of Juan de Fuca to Port An
geles, Wash., as Commander A. H.
Rocks of the Phelps raced for port,
the Norwegian freighter, Soloy, was
on the rocks off Thormanby Island,
between Powell River and Vancou
ver. Twenty-seven men were aboard,
but the vessel was said to be in no
immediate danger.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Sept. 30
(UP). —President Roosevelt returned
to the United States today after a
bumpy voyage through stormy seas
from Victoria, 8.C., where he made
a brief "good neighbor" visit to
Canada.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Sept. 30 (UP).—
Full speed was ordered tonight on
the navy destroyer Phelps, carrying
President Roosevelt back to the
United States after a "good neigh
bor" visit to Canada, as a gale
threatened to sweep in from the
coast.
The President's party had an
hour's run aci*oss the storm-swept
strait of Juan de Fuca to Port An
geles, Wash., as Commander A. H.
Rocks of the Phelps raced for port,
the Norwegian freighter, Soloy, was
on the rocks off Thormanby Island,
between Powell River and Vancou
ver. Twenty-seven men were aboard,
but the vessel was said to be in no
immediate danger.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Sept. 30
(UP). —President Roosevelt returned
to the United States today after a
bumpy voyage through stormy seas
from Victoria, 8.C., where he made
a brief "good neighbor" visit to
Canada.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Sept. 30 (UP).—
Full speed was ordered tonight on
the navy destroyer Phelps, carrying
President Roosevelt back to the
United States after a "good neigh
bor" visit to Canada, as a gale
threatened to sweep in from the
coast.
The President's party had an
hour's run aci*oss the storm-swept
strait of Juan de Fuca to Port An
geles, Wash., as Commander A. H.
Rocks of the Phelps raced for port,
the Norwegian freighter, Soloy, was
on the rocks off Thormanby Island,
between Powell River and Vancou
ver. Twenty-seven men were aboard,
but the vessel was said to be in no
immediate danger.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Sept. 30
(UP). —President Roosevelt returned
to the United States today after a
bumpy voyage through stormy seas
from Victoria, 8.C., where he made
a brief "good neighbor" visit to
Canada.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Sept. 30 (UP).—
Full speed was ordered tonight on
the navy destroyer Phelps, carrying
President Roosevelt back to the
United States after a "good neigh
bor" visit to Canada, as a gale
threatened to sweep in from the
coast.
The President's party had an
hour's run aci*oss the storm-swept
strait of Juan de Fuca to Port An
geles, Wash., as Commander A. H.
Rocks of the Phelps raced for port,
the Norwegian freighter, Soloy, was
on the rocks off Thormanby Island,
between Powell River and Vancou
ver. Twenty-seven men were aboard,
but the vessel was said to be in no
immediate danger.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Sept. 30
(UP). —President Roosevelt returned
to the United States today after a
bumpy voyage through stormy seas
from Victoria, 8.C., where he made
a brief "good neighbor" visit to
Canada.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Sept. 30 (UP).—
Full speed was ordered tonight on
the navy destroyer Phelps, carrying
President Roosevelt back to the
United States after a "good neigh
bor" visit to Canada, as a gale
threatened to sweep in from the
coast.
The President's party had an
hour's run aci*oss the storm-swept
strait of Juan de Fuca to Port An
geles, Wash., as Commander A. H.
Rocks of the Phelps raced for port,
the Norwegian freighter, Soloy, was
on the rocks off Thormanby Island,
between Powell River and Vancou
ver. Twenty-seven men were aboard,
but the vessel was said to be in no
immediate danger.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Sept. 30
(UP). —President Roosevelt returned
to the United States today after a
bumpy voyage through stormy seas
from Victoria, 8.C., where he made
a brief "good neighbor" visit to
Canada.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Sept. 30 (UP).—
Full speed was ordered tonight on
the navy destroyer Phelps, carrying
President Roosevelt back to the
United States after a "good neigh
bor" visit to Canada, as a gale
threatened to sweep in from the
coast.
The President's party had an
hour's run aci*oss the storm-swept
strait of Juan de Fuca to Port An
geles, Wash., as Commander A. H.
Rocks of the Phelps raced for port,
the Norwegian freighter, Soloy, was
on the rocks off Thormanby Island,
between Powell River and Vancou
ver. Twenty-seven men were aboard,
but the vessel was said to be in no
immediate danger.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Sept. 30
(UP). —President Roosevelt returned
to the United States today after a
bumpy voyage through stormy seas
from Victoria, 8.C., where he made
a brief "good neighbor" visit to
Canada.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Sept. 30 (UP).—
Full speed was ordered tonight on
the navy destroyer Phelps, carrying
President Roosevelt back to the
United States after a "good neigh
bor" visit to Canada, as a gale
threatened to sweep in from the
coast.
The President's party had an
hour's run aci*oss the storm-swept
strait of Juan de Fuca to Port An
geles, Wash., as Commander A. H.
Rocks of the Phelps raced for port,
the Norwegian freighter, Soloy, was
on the rocks off Thormanby Island,
between Powell River and Vancou
ver. Twenty-seven men were aboard,
but the vessel was said to be in no
immediate danger.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Sept. 30
(UP). —President Roosevelt returned
to the United States today after a
bumpy voyage through stormy seas
from Victoria, 8.C., where he made
a brief "good neighbor" visit to
Canada.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Sept. 30 (UP).—
Full speed was ordered tonight on
the navy destroyer Phelps, carrying
President Roosevelt back to the
United States after a "good neigh
bor" visit to Canada, as a gale
threatened to sweep in from the
coast.
The President's party had an
hour's run aci*oss the storm-swept
strait of Juan de Fuca to Port An
geles, Wash., as Commander A. H.
Rocks of the Phelps raced for port,
the Norwegian freighter, Soloy, was
on the rocks off Thormanby Island,
between Powell River and Vancou
ver. Twenty-seven men were aboard,
but the vessel was said to be in no
immediate danger.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Sept. 30
(UP). —President Roosevelt returned
to the United States today after a
bumpy voyage through stormy seas
from Victoria, 8.C., where he made
a brief "good neighbor" visit to
Canada.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Sept. 30 (UP).—
Full speed was ordered tonight on
the navy destroyer Phelps, carrying
President Roosevelt back to the
United States after a "good neigh
bor" visit to Canada, as a gale
threatened to sweep in from the
coast.
The President's party had an
hour's run aci*oss the storm-swept
strait of Juan de Fuca to Port An
geles, Wash., as Commander A. H.
Rocks of the Phelps raced for port,
the Norwegian freighter, Soloy, was
on the rocks off Thormanby Island,
between Powell River and Vancou
ver. Twenty-seven men were aboard,
but the vessel was said to be in no
immediate danger.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Sept. 30
(UP). —President Roosevelt returned
to the United States today after a
bumpy voyage through stormy seas
from Victoria, 8.C., where he made
a brief "good neighbor" visit to
Canada.
VICTORIA, 8.C., Sept. 30 (UP).—
Full speed was ordered tonight on
the navy destroyer Phelps, carrying
President Roosevelt back to the
United States after a "good neigh
bor" visit to Canada, as a gale
threatened to sweep in from the
coast.
The President's party had an
hour's run aci*oss the storm-swept
strait of Juan de Fuca to Port An
geles, Wash., as Commander A. H.
Rocks of the Phelps raced for port,
the Norwegian freighter, Soloy, was
on the rocks off Thormanby Island,
between Powell River and Vancou
ver. Twenty-seven men were aboard,
but the vessel was said to be in no
immediate danger.
