# Kansas Conducts One-Boy School
## 
### 
COLUMBUS, Kansas, Sept. 30
(UP). —A lonely schoolboy is Eugene
Humble, 9.
When the teacher calls recess he
has no one to play with. There's no
one he can whisper to during class;
no one to walk home with when
school is out. In fact, he hasn't a
classmate. He is the whole student
body of one, and if he ever played
hookey there wouldn't be any
school. He receives the full atten
tion of the teacher, Robert Shaw.
Teacher Shaw has a nine months
contract and the school board said
it would carry out its part of the
bargain and continue his pay for
teaching Eugene.
COLUMBUS, Kansas, Sept. 30
(UP). —A lonely schoolboy is Eugene
Humble, 9.
When the teacher calls recess he
has no one to play with. There's no
one he can whisper to during class;
no one to walk home with when
school is out. In fact, he hasn't a
classmate. He is the whole student
body of one, and if he ever played
hookey there wouldn't be any
school. He receives the full atten
tion of the teacher, Robert Shaw.
Teacher Shaw has a nine months
contract and the school board said
it would carry out its part of the
bargain and continue his pay for
teaching Eugene.
COLUMBUS, Kansas, Sept. 30
(UP). —A lonely schoolboy is Eugene
Humble, 9.
When the teacher calls recess he
has no one to play with. There's no
one he can whisper to during class;
no one to walk home with when
school is out. In fact, he hasn't a
classmate. He is the whole student
body of one, and if he ever played
hookey there wouldn't be any
school. He receives the full atten
tion of the teacher, Robert Shaw.
Teacher Shaw has a nine months
contract and the school board said
it would carry out its part of the
bargain and continue his pay for
teaching Eugene.
COLUMBUS, Kansas, Sept. 30
(UP). —A lonely schoolboy is Eugene
Humble, 9.
When the teacher calls recess he
has no one to play with. There's no
one he can whisper to during class;
no one to walk home with when
school is out. In fact, he hasn't a
classmate. He is the whole student
body of one, and if he ever played
hookey there wouldn't be any
school. He receives the full atten
tion of the teacher, Robert Shaw.
Teacher Shaw has a nine months
contract and the school board said
it would carry out its part of the
bargain and continue his pay for
teaching Eugene.
COLUMBUS, Kansas, Sept. 30
(UP). —A lonely schoolboy is Eugene
Humble, 9.
When the teacher calls recess he
has no one to play with. There's no
one he can whisper to during class;
no one to walk home with when
school is out. In fact, he hasn't a
classmate. He is the whole student
body of one, and if he ever played
hookey there wouldn't be any
school. He receives the full atten
tion of the teacher, Robert Shaw.
Teacher Shaw has a nine months
contract and the school board said
it would carry out its part of the
bargain and continue his pay for
teaching Eugene.
COLUMBUS, Kansas, Sept. 30
(UP). —A lonely schoolboy is Eugene
Humble, 9.
When the teacher calls recess he
has no one to play with. There's no
one he can whisper to during class;
no one to walk home with when
school is out. In fact, he hasn't a
classmate. He is the whole student
body of one, and if he ever played
hookey there wouldn't be any
school. He receives the full atten
tion of the teacher, Robert Shaw.
Teacher Shaw has a nine months
contract and the school board said
it would carry out its part of the
bargain and continue his pay for
teaching Eugene.
COLUMBUS, Kansas, Sept. 30
(UP). —A lonely schoolboy is Eugene
Humble, 9.
When the teacher calls recess he
has no one to play with. There's no
one he can whisper to during class;
no one to walk home with when
school is out. In fact, he hasn't a
classmate. He is the whole student
body of one, and if he ever played
hookey there wouldn't be any
school. He receives the full atten
tion of the teacher, Robert Shaw.
Teacher Shaw has a nine months
contract and the school board said
it would carry out its part of the
bargain and continue his pay for
teaching Eugene.
COLUMBUS, Kansas, Sept. 30
(UP). —A lonely schoolboy is Eugene
Humble, 9.
When the teacher calls recess he
has no one to play with. There's no
one he can whisper to during class;
no one to walk home with when
school is out. In fact, he hasn't a
classmate. He is the whole student
body of one, and if he ever played
hookey there wouldn't be any
school. He receives the full atten
tion of the teacher, Robert Shaw.
Teacher Shaw has a nine months
contract and the school board said
it would carry out its part of the
bargain and continue his pay for
teaching Eugene.
COLUMBUS, Kansas, Sept. 30
(UP). —A lonely schoolboy is Eugene
Humble, 9.
When the teacher calls recess he
has no one to play with. There's no
one he can whisper to during class;
no one to walk home with when
school is out. In fact, he hasn't a
classmate. He is the whole student
body of one, and if he ever played
hookey there wouldn't be any
school. He receives the full atten
tion of the teacher, Robert Shaw.
Teacher Shaw has a nine months
contract and the school board said
it would carry out its part of the
bargain and continue his pay for
teaching Eugene.
COLUMBUS, Kansas, Sept. 30
(UP). —A lonely schoolboy is Eugene
Humble, 9.
When the teacher calls recess he
has no one to play with. There's no
one he can whisper to during class;
no one to walk home with when
school is out. In fact, he hasn't a
classmate. He is the whole student
body of one, and if he ever played
hookey there wouldn't be any
school. He receives the full atten
tion of the teacher, Robert Shaw.
Teacher Shaw has a nine months
contract and the school board said
it would carry out its part of the
bargain and continue his pay for
teaching Eugene.
COLUMBUS, Kansas, Sept. 30
(UP). —A lonely schoolboy is Eugene
Humble, 9.
When the teacher calls recess he
has no one to play with. There's no
one he can whisper to during class;
no one to walk home with when
school is out. In fact, he hasn't a
classmate. He is the whole student
body of one, and if he ever played
hookey there wouldn't be any
school. He receives the full atten
tion of the teacher, Robert Shaw.
Teacher Shaw has a nine months
contract and the school board said
it would carry out its part of the
bargain and continue his pay for
teaching Eugene.
COLUMBUS, Kansas, Sept. 30
(UP). —A lonely schoolboy is Eugene
Humble, 9.
When the teacher calls recess he
has no one to play with. There's no
one he can whisper to during class;
no one to walk home with when
school is out. In fact, he hasn't a
classmate. He is the whole student
body of one, and if he ever played
hookey there wouldn't be any
school. He receives the full atten
tion of the teacher, Robert Shaw.
Teacher Shaw has a nine months
contract and the school board said
it would carry out its part of the
bargain and continue his pay for
teaching Eugene.
COLUMBUS, Kansas, Sept. 30
(UP). —A lonely schoolboy is Eugene
Humble, 9.
When the teacher calls recess he
has no one to play with. There's no
one he can whisper to during class;
no one to walk home with when
school is out. In fact, he hasn't a
classmate. He is the whole student
body of one, and if he ever played
hookey there wouldn't be any
school. He receives the full atten
tion of the teacher, Robert Shaw.
Teacher Shaw has a nine months
contract and the school board said
it would carry out its part of the
bargain and continue his pay for
teaching Eugene.
COLUMBUS, Kansas, Sept. 30
(UP). —A lonely schoolboy is Eugene
Humble, 9.
When the teacher calls recess he
has no one to play with. There's no
one he can whisper to during class;
no one to walk home with when
school is out. In fact, he hasn't a
classmate. He is the whole student
body of one, and if he ever played
hookey there wouldn't be any
school. He receives the full atten
tion of the teacher, Robert Shaw.
Teacher Shaw has a nine months
contract and the school board said
it would carry out its part of the
bargain and continue his pay for
teaching Eugene.
COLUMBUS, Kansas, Sept. 30
(UP). —A lonely schoolboy is Eugene
Humble, 9.
When the teacher calls recess he
has no one to play with. There's no
one he can whisper to during class;
no one to walk home with when
school is out. In fact, he hasn't a
classmate. He is the whole student
body of one, and if he ever played
hookey there wouldn't be any
school. He receives the full atten
tion of the teacher, Robert Shaw.
Teacher Shaw has a nine months
contract and the school board said
it would carry out its part of the
bargain and continue his pay for
teaching Eugene.
COLUMBUS, Kansas, Sept. 30
(UP). —A lonely schoolboy is Eugene
Humble, 9.
When the teacher calls recess he
has no one to play with. There's no
one he can whisper to during class;
no one to walk home with when
school is out. In fact, he hasn't a
classmate. He is the whole student
body of one, and if he ever played
hookey there wouldn't be any
school. He receives the full atten
tion of the teacher, Robert Shaw.
Teacher Shaw has a nine months
contract and the school board said
it would carry out its part of the
bargain and continue his pay for
teaching Eugene.
