# Mural Schedule
## 
### 
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge announced that signups
for spring sports would be ex
tended to tomorrow instead of
today as previously announced.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge announced that signups
for spring sports would be ex
tended to tomorrow instead of
today as previously announced.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge announced that signups
for spring sports would be ex
tended to tomorrow instead of
today as previously announced.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge announced that signups
for spring sports would be ex
tended to tomorrow instead of
today as previously announced.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge announced that signups
for spring sports would be ex
tended to tomorrow instead of
today as previously announced.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge announced that signups
for spring sports would be ex
tended to tomorrow instead of
today as previously announced.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge announced that signups
for spring sports would be ex
tended to tomorrow instead of
today as previously announced.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge announced that signups
for spring sports would be ex
tended to tomorrow instead of
today as previously announced.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge announced that signups
for spring sports would be ex
tended to tomorrow instead of
today as previously announced.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge announced that signups
for spring sports would be ex
tended to tomorrow instead of
today as previously announced.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge announced that signups
for spring sports would be ex
tended to tomorrow instead of
today as previously announced.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge announced that signups
for spring sports would be ex
tended to tomorrow instead of
today as previously announced.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge announced that signups
for spring sports would be ex
tended to tomorrow instead of
today as previously announced.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge announced that signups
for spring sports would be ex
tended to tomorrow instead of
today as previously announced.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge announced that signups
for spring sports would be ex
tended to tomorrow instead of
today as previously announced.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge announced that signups
for spring sports would be ex
tended to tomorrow instead of
today as previously announced.
Intramural director Elwyn
Bugge announced that signups
for spring sports would be ex
tended to tomorrow instead of
today as previously announced.
