# Vagrant Makes Burglary Attempt
## 
### 
A burglar entered the home of
Professor William Bark, 859 Es
condido, early yesterday morning,
climbed the stairs to the rooms
of some students living in the
professor's home, and ransacked
the dressers and closets.
Professor Bark heard the noise
of the intruder and called the
Stanford police, who arrived
while the man was still in the
house.
The burglar, a transient with a
record of vagrancy arrests from
across the country, was shabbily
dressed and had collected a bun
dle of clothing and stuffed his
pockets with other articles of
clothing when Lieutenant Guilky
and Officer Mailey of the Stan
ford Poilce Department arrested
him. The burglar has been sent
to the Santa Clara County jail.
A burglar entered the home of
Professor William Bark, 859 Es
condido, early yesterday morning,
climbed the stairs to the rooms
of some students living in the
professor's home, and ransacked
the dressers and closets.
Professor Bark heard the noise
of the intruder and called the
Stanford police, who arrived
while the man was still in the
house.
The burglar, a transient with a
record of vagrancy arrests from
across the country, was shabbily
dressed and had collected a bun
dle of clothing and stuffed his
pockets with other articles of
clothing when Lieutenant Guilky
and Officer Mailey of the Stan
ford Poilce Department arrested
him. The burglar has been sent
to the Santa Clara County jail.
A burglar entered the home of
Professor William Bark, 859 Es
condido, early yesterday morning,
climbed the stairs to the rooms
of some students living in the
professor's home, and ransacked
the dressers and closets.
Professor Bark heard the noise
of the intruder and called the
Stanford police, who arrived
while the man was still in the
house.
The burglar, a transient with a
record of vagrancy arrests from
across the country, was shabbily
dressed and had collected a bun
dle of clothing and stuffed his
pockets with other articles of
clothing when Lieutenant Guilky
and Officer Mailey of the Stan
ford Poilce Department arrested
him. The burglar has been sent
to the Santa Clara County jail.
A burglar entered the home of
Professor William Bark, 859 Es
condido, early yesterday morning,
climbed the stairs to the rooms
of some students living in the
professor's home, and ransacked
the dressers and closets.
Professor Bark heard the noise
of the intruder and called the
Stanford police, who arrived
while the man was still in the
house.
The burglar, a transient with a
record of vagrancy arrests from
across the country, was shabbily
dressed and had collected a bun
dle of clothing and stuffed his
pockets with other articles of
clothing when Lieutenant Guilky
and Officer Mailey of the Stan
ford Poilce Department arrested
him. The burglar has been sent
to the Santa Clara County jail.
A burglar entered the home of
Professor William Bark, 859 Es
condido, early yesterday morning,
climbed the stairs to the rooms
of some students living in the
professor's home, and ransacked
the dressers and closets.
Professor Bark heard the noise
of the intruder and called the
Stanford police, who arrived
while the man was still in the
house.
The burglar, a transient with a
record of vagrancy arrests from
across the country, was shabbily
dressed and had collected a bun
dle of clothing and stuffed his
pockets with other articles of
clothing when Lieutenant Guilky
and Officer Mailey of the Stan
ford Poilce Department arrested
him. The burglar has been sent
to the Santa Clara County jail.
A burglar entered the home of
Professor William Bark, 859 Es
condido, early yesterday morning,
climbed the stairs to the rooms
of some students living in the
professor's home, and ransacked
the dressers and closets.
Professor Bark heard the noise
of the intruder and called the
Stanford police, who arrived
while the man was still in the
house.
The burglar, a transient with a
record of vagrancy arrests from
across the country, was shabbily
dressed and had collected a bun
dle of clothing and stuffed his
pockets with other articles of
clothing when Lieutenant Guilky
and Officer Mailey of the Stan
ford Poilce Department arrested
him. The burglar has been sent
to the Santa Clara County jail.
A burglar entered the home of
Professor William Bark, 859 Es
condido, early yesterday morning,
climbed the stairs to the rooms
of some students living in the
professor's home, and ransacked
the dressers and closets.
Professor Bark heard the noise
of the intruder and called the
Stanford police, who arrived
while the man was still in the
house.
The burglar, a transient with a
record of vagrancy arrests from
across the country, was shabbily
dressed and had collected a bun
dle of clothing and stuffed his
pockets with other articles of
clothing when Lieutenant Guilky
and Officer Mailey of the Stan
ford Poilce Department arrested
him. The burglar has been sent
to the Santa Clara County jail.
A burglar entered the home of
Professor William Bark, 859 Es
condido, early yesterday morning,
climbed the stairs to the rooms
of some students living in the
professor's home, and ransacked
the dressers and closets.
Professor Bark heard the noise
of the intruder and called the
Stanford police, who arrived
while the man was still in the
house.
The burglar, a transient with a
record of vagrancy arrests from
across the country, was shabbily
dressed and had collected a bun
dle of clothing and stuffed his
pockets with other articles of
clothing when Lieutenant Guilky
and Officer Mailey of the Stan
ford Poilce Department arrested
him. The burglar has been sent
to the Santa Clara County jail.
A burglar entered the home of
Professor William Bark, 859 Es
condido, early yesterday morning,
climbed the stairs to the rooms
of some students living in the
professor's home, and ransacked
the dressers and closets.
Professor Bark heard the noise
of the intruder and called the
Stanford police, who arrived
while the man was still in the
house.
The burglar, a transient with a
record of vagrancy arrests from
across the country, was shabbily
dressed and had collected a bun
dle of clothing and stuffed his
pockets with other articles of
clothing when Lieutenant Guilky
and Officer Mailey of the Stan
ford Poilce Department arrested
him. The burglar has been sent
to the Santa Clara County jail.
A burglar entered the home of
Professor William Bark, 859 Es
condido, early yesterday morning,
climbed the stairs to the rooms
of some students living in the
professor's home, and ransacked
the dressers and closets.
Professor Bark heard the noise
of the intruder and called the
Stanford police, who arrived
while the man was still in the
house.
The burglar, a transient with a
record of vagrancy arrests from
across the country, was shabbily
dressed and had collected a bun
dle of clothing and stuffed his
pockets with other articles of
clothing when Lieutenant Guilky
and Officer Mailey of the Stan
ford Poilce Department arrested
him. The burglar has been sent
to the Santa Clara County jail.
A burglar entered the home of
Professor William Bark, 859 Es
condido, early yesterday morning,
climbed the stairs to the rooms
of some students living in the
professor's home, and ransacked
the dressers and closets.
Professor Bark heard the noise
of the intruder and called the
Stanford police, who arrived
while the man was still in the
house.
The burglar, a transient with a
record of vagrancy arrests from
across the country, was shabbily
dressed and had collected a bun
dle of clothing and stuffed his
pockets with other articles of
clothing when Lieutenant Guilky
and Officer Mailey of the Stan
ford Poilce Department arrested
him. The burglar has been sent
to the Santa Clara County jail.
A burglar entered the home of
Professor William Bark, 859 Es
condido, early yesterday morning,
climbed the stairs to the rooms
of some students living in the
professor's home, and ransacked
the dressers and closets.
Professor Bark heard the noise
of the intruder and called the
Stanford police, who arrived
while the man was still in the
house.
The burglar, a transient with a
record of vagrancy arrests from
across the country, was shabbily
dressed and had collected a bun
dle of clothing and stuffed his
pockets with other articles of
clothing when Lieutenant Guilky
and Officer Mailey of the Stan
ford Poilce Department arrested
him. The burglar has been sent
to the Santa Clara County jail.
A burglar entered the home of
Professor William Bark, 859 Es
condido, early yesterday morning,
climbed the stairs to the rooms
of some students living in the
professor's home, and ransacked
the dressers and closets.
Professor Bark heard the noise
of the intruder and called the
Stanford police, who arrived
while the man was still in the
house.
The burglar, a transient with a
record of vagrancy arrests from
across the country, was shabbily
dressed and had collected a bun
dle of clothing and stuffed his
pockets with other articles of
clothing when Lieutenant Guilky
and Officer Mailey of the Stan
ford Poilce Department arrested
him. The burglar has been sent
to the Santa Clara County jail.
A burglar entered the home of
Professor William Bark, 859 Es
condido, early yesterday morning,
climbed the stairs to the rooms
of some students living in the
professor's home, and ransacked
the dressers and closets.
Professor Bark heard the noise
of the intruder and called the
Stanford police, who arrived
while the man was still in the
house.
The burglar, a transient with a
record of vagrancy arrests from
across the country, was shabbily
dressed and had collected a bun
dle of clothing and stuffed his
pockets with other articles of
clothing when Lieutenant Guilky
and Officer Mailey of the Stan
ford Poilce Department arrested
him. The burglar has been sent
to the Santa Clara County jail.
A burglar entered the home of
Professor William Bark, 859 Es
condido, early yesterday morning,
climbed the stairs to the rooms
of some students living in the
professor's home, and ransacked
the dressers and closets.
Professor Bark heard the noise
of the intruder and called the
Stanford police, who arrived
while the man was still in the
house.
The burglar, a transient with a
record of vagrancy arrests from
across the country, was shabbily
dressed and had collected a bun
dle of clothing and stuffed his
pockets with other articles of
clothing when Lieutenant Guilky
and Officer Mailey of the Stan
ford Poilce Department arrested
him. The burglar has been sent
to the Santa Clara County jail.
A burglar entered the home of
Professor William Bark, 859 Es
condido, early yesterday morning,
climbed the stairs to the rooms
of some students living in the
professor's home, and ransacked
the dressers and closets.
Professor Bark heard the noise
of the intruder and called the
Stanford police, who arrived
while the man was still in the
house.
The burglar, a transient with a
record of vagrancy arrests from
across the country, was shabbily
dressed and had collected a bun
dle of clothing and stuffed his
pockets with other articles of
clothing when Lieutenant Guilky
and Officer Mailey of the Stan
ford Poilce Department arrested
him. The burglar has been sent
to the Santa Clara County jail.
A burglar entered the home of
Professor William Bark, 859 Es
condido, early yesterday morning,
climbed the stairs to the rooms
of some students living in the
professor's home, and ransacked
the dressers and closets.
Professor Bark heard the noise
of the intruder and called the
Stanford police, who arrived
while the man was still in the
house.
The burglar, a transient with a
record of vagrancy arrests from
across the country, was shabbily
dressed and had collected a bun
dle of clothing and stuffed his
pockets with other articles of
clothing when Lieutenant Guilky
and Officer Mailey of the Stan
ford Poilce Department arrested
him. The burglar has been sent
to the Santa Clara County jail.
