# Tickets at Cellar For Picasso Film
## 
### 
Tickets for the Warsaw benefit
showing of a Picasso film plus a
Marcel Marccau short will be on
sale today at The Cellar. The do
nations of 50 cents will help in
the planned student exchange be
tween the University of Warsaw
and Stanford next year.
There will be two complete
showings in Cubbetiey Auditori
um, the first at 4:13 and the sec
ond at 8:30 p.m.
Marceau's "Acting in the Park"
mimics people and life of an aft
ernoon in a Paris park.
The color autobiography of Pi
casso depicts his technique and
manner of living as an artist and
pioneer in his work. Using 477 of
his pictures, the film traces Pi
casso's career from its beginning
to the present.
All students interested in the
proposed exchange between Stan
ford and Warsaw should contact
Jane Gary at Loro of Florence
Moore or Martin Ilnrwitz, phone
DA 2-8793.
Tickets for the Warsaw benefit
showing of a Picasso film plus a
Marcel Marccau short will be on
sale today at The Cellar. The do
nations of 50 cents will help in
the planned student exchange be
tween the University of Warsaw
and Stanford next year.
There will be two complete
showings in Cubbetiey Auditori
um, the first at 4:13 and the sec
ond at 8:30 p.m.
Marceau's "Acting in the Park"
mimics people and life of an aft
ernoon in a Paris park.
The color autobiography of Pi
casso depicts his technique and
manner of living as an artist and
pioneer in his work. Using 477 of
his pictures, the film traces Pi
casso's career from its beginning
to the present.
All students interested in the
proposed exchange between Stan
ford and Warsaw should contact
Jane Gary at Loro of Florence
Moore or Martin Ilnrwitz, phone
DA 2-8793.
Tickets for the Warsaw benefit
showing of a Picasso film plus a
Marcel Marccau short will be on
sale today at The Cellar. The do
nations of 50 cents will help in
the planned student exchange be
tween the University of Warsaw
and Stanford next year.
There will be two complete
showings in Cubbetiey Auditori
um, the first at 4:13 and the sec
ond at 8:30 p.m.
Marceau's "Acting in the Park"
mimics people and life of an aft
ernoon in a Paris park.
The color autobiography of Pi
casso depicts his technique and
manner of living as an artist and
pioneer in his work. Using 477 of
his pictures, the film traces Pi
casso's career from its beginning
to the present.
All students interested in the
proposed exchange between Stan
ford and Warsaw should contact
Jane Gary at Loro of Florence
Moore or Martin Ilnrwitz, phone
DA 2-8793.
Tickets for the Warsaw benefit
showing of a Picasso film plus a
Marcel Marccau short will be on
sale today at The Cellar. The do
nations of 50 cents will help in
the planned student exchange be
tween the University of Warsaw
and Stanford next year.
There will be two complete
showings in Cubbetiey Auditori
um, the first at 4:13 and the sec
ond at 8:30 p.m.
Marceau's "Acting in the Park"
mimics people and life of an aft
ernoon in a Paris park.
The color autobiography of Pi
casso depicts his technique and
manner of living as an artist and
pioneer in his work. Using 477 of
his pictures, the film traces Pi
casso's career from its beginning
to the present.
All students interested in the
proposed exchange between Stan
ford and Warsaw should contact
Jane Gary at Loro of Florence
Moore or Martin Ilnrwitz, phone
DA 2-8793.
Tickets for the Warsaw benefit
showing of a Picasso film plus a
Marcel Marccau short will be on
sale today at The Cellar. The do
nations of 50 cents will help in
the planned student exchange be
tween the University of Warsaw
and Stanford next year.
There will be two complete
showings in Cubbetiey Auditori
um, the first at 4:13 and the sec
ond at 8:30 p.m.
Marceau's "Acting in the Park"
mimics people and life of an aft
ernoon in a Paris park.
The color autobiography of Pi
casso depicts his technique and
manner of living as an artist and
pioneer in his work. Using 477 of
his pictures, the film traces Pi
casso's career from its beginning
to the present.
All students interested in the
proposed exchange between Stan
ford and Warsaw should contact
Jane Gary at Loro of Florence
Moore or Martin Ilnrwitz, phone
DA 2-8793.
Tickets for the Warsaw benefit
showing of a Picasso film plus a
Marcel Marccau short will be on
sale today at The Cellar. The do
nations of 50 cents will help in
the planned student exchange be
tween the University of Warsaw
and Stanford next year.
There will be two complete
showings in Cubbetiey Auditori
um, the first at 4:13 and the sec
ond at 8:30 p.m.
Marceau's "Acting in the Park"
mimics people and life of an aft
ernoon in a Paris park.
The color autobiography of Pi
casso depicts his technique and
manner of living as an artist and
pioneer in his work. Using 477 of
his pictures, the film traces Pi
casso's career from its beginning
to the present.
All students interested in the
proposed exchange between Stan
ford and Warsaw should contact
Jane Gary at Loro of Florence
Moore or Martin Ilnrwitz, phone
DA 2-8793.
Tickets for the Warsaw benefit
showing of a Picasso film plus a
Marcel Marccau short will be on
sale today at The Cellar. The do
nations of 50 cents will help in
the planned student exchange be
tween the University of Warsaw
and Stanford next year.
There will be two complete
showings in Cubbetiey Auditori
um, the first at 4:13 and the sec
ond at 8:30 p.m.
Marceau's "Acting in the Park"
mimics people and life of an aft
ernoon in a Paris park.
The color autobiography of Pi
casso depicts his technique and
manner of living as an artist and
pioneer in his work. Using 477 of
his pictures, the film traces Pi
casso's career from its beginning
to the present.
All students interested in the
proposed exchange between Stan
ford and Warsaw should contact
Jane Gary at Loro of Florence
Moore or Martin Ilnrwitz, phone
DA 2-8793.
Tickets for the Warsaw benefit
showing of a Picasso film plus a
Marcel Marccau short will be on
sale today at The Cellar. The do
nations of 50 cents will help in
the planned student exchange be
tween the University of Warsaw
and Stanford next year.
There will be two complete
showings in Cubbetiey Auditori
um, the first at 4:13 and the sec
ond at 8:30 p.m.
Marceau's "Acting in the Park"
mimics people and life of an aft
ernoon in a Paris park.
The color autobiography of Pi
casso depicts his technique and
manner of living as an artist and
pioneer in his work. Using 477 of
his pictures, the film traces Pi
casso's career from its beginning
to the present.
All students interested in the
proposed exchange between Stan
ford and Warsaw should contact
Jane Gary at Loro of Florence
Moore or Martin Ilnrwitz, phone
DA 2-8793.
Tickets for the Warsaw benefit
showing of a Picasso film plus a
Marcel Marccau short will be on
sale today at The Cellar. The do
nations of 50 cents will help in
the planned student exchange be
tween the University of Warsaw
and Stanford next year.
There will be two complete
showings in Cubbetiey Auditori
um, the first at 4:13 and the sec
ond at 8:30 p.m.
Marceau's "Acting in the Park"
mimics people and life of an aft
ernoon in a Paris park.
The color autobiography of Pi
casso depicts his technique and
manner of living as an artist and
pioneer in his work. Using 477 of
his pictures, the film traces Pi
casso's career from its beginning
to the present.
All students interested in the
proposed exchange between Stan
ford and Warsaw should contact
Jane Gary at Loro of Florence
Moore or Martin Ilnrwitz, phone
DA 2-8793.
Tickets for the Warsaw benefit
showing of a Picasso film plus a
Marcel Marccau short will be on
sale today at The Cellar. The do
nations of 50 cents will help in
the planned student exchange be
tween the University of Warsaw
and Stanford next year.
There will be two complete
showings in Cubbetiey Auditori
um, the first at 4:13 and the sec
ond at 8:30 p.m.
Marceau's "Acting in the Park"
mimics people and life of an aft
ernoon in a Paris park.
The color autobiography of Pi
casso depicts his technique and
manner of living as an artist and
pioneer in his work. Using 477 of
his pictures, the film traces Pi
casso's career from its beginning
to the present.
All students interested in the
proposed exchange between Stan
ford and Warsaw should contact
Jane Gary at Loro of Florence
Moore or Martin Ilnrwitz, phone
DA 2-8793.
Tickets for the Warsaw benefit
showing of a Picasso film plus a
Marcel Marccau short will be on
sale today at The Cellar. The do
nations of 50 cents will help in
the planned student exchange be
tween the University of Warsaw
and Stanford next year.
There will be two complete
showings in Cubbetiey Auditori
um, the first at 4:13 and the sec
ond at 8:30 p.m.
Marceau's "Acting in the Park"
mimics people and life of an aft
ernoon in a Paris park.
The color autobiography of Pi
casso depicts his technique and
manner of living as an artist and
pioneer in his work. Using 477 of
his pictures, the film traces Pi
casso's career from its beginning
to the present.
All students interested in the
proposed exchange between Stan
ford and Warsaw should contact
Jane Gary at Loro of Florence
Moore or Martin Ilnrwitz, phone
DA 2-8793.
Tickets for the Warsaw benefit
showing of a Picasso film plus a
Marcel Marccau short will be on
sale today at The Cellar. The do
nations of 50 cents will help in
the planned student exchange be
tween the University of Warsaw
and Stanford next year.
There will be two complete
showings in Cubbetiey Auditori
um, the first at 4:13 and the sec
ond at 8:30 p.m.
Marceau's "Acting in the Park"
mimics people and life of an aft
ernoon in a Paris park.
The color autobiography of Pi
casso depicts his technique and
manner of living as an artist and
pioneer in his work. Using 477 of
his pictures, the film traces Pi
casso's career from its beginning
to the present.
All students interested in the
proposed exchange between Stan
ford and Warsaw should contact
Jane Gary at Loro of Florence
Moore or Martin Ilnrwitz, phone
DA 2-8793.
Tickets for the Warsaw benefit
showing of a Picasso film plus a
Marcel Marccau short will be on
sale today at The Cellar. The do
nations of 50 cents will help in
the planned student exchange be
tween the University of Warsaw
and Stanford next year.
There will be two complete
showings in Cubbetiey Auditori
um, the first at 4:13 and the sec
ond at 8:30 p.m.
Marceau's "Acting in the Park"
mimics people and life of an aft
ernoon in a Paris park.
The color autobiography of Pi
casso depicts his technique and
manner of living as an artist and
pioneer in his work. Using 477 of
his pictures, the film traces Pi
casso's career from its beginning
to the present.
All students interested in the
proposed exchange between Stan
ford and Warsaw should contact
Jane Gary at Loro of Florence
Moore or Martin Ilnrwitz, phone
DA 2-8793.
Tickets for the Warsaw benefit
showing of a Picasso film plus a
Marcel Marccau short will be on
sale today at The Cellar. The do
nations of 50 cents will help in
the planned student exchange be
tween the University of Warsaw
and Stanford next year.
There will be two complete
showings in Cubbetiey Auditori
um, the first at 4:13 and the sec
ond at 8:30 p.m.
Marceau's "Acting in the Park"
mimics people and life of an aft
ernoon in a Paris park.
The color autobiography of Pi
casso depicts his technique and
manner of living as an artist and
pioneer in his work. Using 477 of
his pictures, the film traces Pi
casso's career from its beginning
to the present.
All students interested in the
proposed exchange between Stan
ford and Warsaw should contact
Jane Gary at Loro of Florence
Moore or Martin Ilnrwitz, phone
DA 2-8793.
Tickets for the Warsaw benefit
showing of a Picasso film plus a
Marcel Marccau short will be on
sale today at The Cellar. The do
nations of 50 cents will help in
the planned student exchange be
tween the University of Warsaw
and Stanford next year.
There will be two complete
showings in Cubbetiey Auditori
um, the first at 4:13 and the sec
ond at 8:30 p.m.
Marceau's "Acting in the Park"
mimics people and life of an aft
ernoon in a Paris park.
The color autobiography of Pi
casso depicts his technique and
manner of living as an artist and
pioneer in his work. Using 477 of
his pictures, the film traces Pi
casso's career from its beginning
to the present.
All students interested in the
proposed exchange between Stan
ford and Warsaw should contact
Jane Gary at Loro of Florence
Moore or Martin Ilnrwitz, phone
DA 2-8793.
Tickets for the Warsaw benefit
showing of a Picasso film plus a
Marcel Marccau short will be on
sale today at The Cellar. The do
nations of 50 cents will help in
the planned student exchange be
tween the University of Warsaw
and Stanford next year.
There will be two complete
showings in Cubbetiey Auditori
um, the first at 4:13 and the sec
ond at 8:30 p.m.
Marceau's "Acting in the Park"
mimics people and life of an aft
ernoon in a Paris park.
The color autobiography of Pi
casso depicts his technique and
manner of living as an artist and
pioneer in his work. Using 477 of
his pictures, the film traces Pi
casso's career from its beginning
to the present.
All students interested in the
proposed exchange between Stan
ford and Warsaw should contact
Jane Gary at Loro of Florence
Moore or Martin Ilnrwitz, phone
DA 2-8793.
Tickets for the Warsaw benefit
showing of a Picasso film plus a
Marcel Marccau short will be on
sale today at The Cellar. The do
nations of 50 cents will help in
the planned student exchange be
tween the University of Warsaw
and Stanford next year.
There will be two complete
showings in Cubbetiey Auditori
um, the first at 4:13 and the sec
ond at 8:30 p.m.
Marceau's "Acting in the Park"
mimics people and life of an aft
ernoon in a Paris park.
The color autobiography of Pi
casso depicts his technique and
manner of living as an artist and
pioneer in his work. Using 477 of
his pictures, the film traces Pi
casso's career from its beginning
to the present.
All students interested in the
proposed exchange between Stan
ford and Warsaw should contact
Jane Gary at Loro of Florence
Moore or Martin Ilnrwitz, phone
DA 2-8793.
