# Co-Rec Com Seeks Student Publicist
## 
### 
Co-Rcc Committee will hold try- J
outs for a publicity writer in Room j
15, above the ASSIJ office, today j
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 3 to i
5 p.m.
The qualities that the committee |

is looking for are Rood style in
writing, an interest in what is hap
pening behind the events, and the
ability to express humor through
writing.
Co-Rcc Committee will hold try- J
outs for a publicity writer in Room j
15, above the ASSIJ office, today j
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 3 to i
5 p.m.
The qualities that the committee |

is looking for are Rood style in
writing, an interest in what is hap
pening behind the events, and the
ability to express humor through
writing.
Co-Rcc Committee will hold try- J
outs for a publicity writer in Room j
15, above the ASSIJ office, today j
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 3 to i
5 p.m.
The qualities that the committee |

is looking for are Rood style in
writing, an interest in what is hap
pening behind the events, and the
ability to express humor through
writing.
Co-Rcc Committee will hold try- J
outs for a publicity writer in Room j
15, above the ASSIJ office, today j
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 3 to i
5 p.m.
The qualities that the committee |

is looking for are Rood style in
writing, an interest in what is hap
pening behind the events, and the
ability to express humor through
writing.
Co-Rcc Committee will hold try- J
outs for a publicity writer in Room j
15, above the ASSIJ office, today j
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 3 to i
5 p.m.
The qualities that the committee |

is looking for are Rood style in
writing, an interest in what is hap
pening behind the events, and the
ability to express humor through
writing.
Co-Rcc Committee will hold try- J
outs for a publicity writer in Room j
15, above the ASSIJ office, today j
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 3 to i
5 p.m.
The qualities that the committee |

is looking for are Rood style in
writing, an interest in what is hap
pening behind the events, and the
ability to express humor through
writing.
Co-Rcc Committee will hold try- J
outs for a publicity writer in Room j
15, above the ASSIJ office, today j
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 3 to i
5 p.m.
The qualities that the committee |

is looking for are Rood style in
writing, an interest in what is hap
pening behind the events, and the
ability to express humor through
writing.
Co-Rcc Committee will hold try- J
outs for a publicity writer in Room j
15, above the ASSIJ office, today j
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 3 to i
5 p.m.
The qualities that the committee |

is looking for are Rood style in
writing, an interest in what is hap
pening behind the events, and the
ability to express humor through
writing.
Co-Rcc Committee will hold try- J
outs for a publicity writer in Room j
15, above the ASSIJ office, today j
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 3 to i
5 p.m.
The qualities that the committee |

is looking for are Rood style in
writing, an interest in what is hap
pening behind the events, and the
ability to express humor through
writing.
Co-Rcc Committee will hold try- J
outs for a publicity writer in Room j
15, above the ASSIJ office, today j
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 3 to i
5 p.m.
The qualities that the committee |

is looking for are Rood style in
writing, an interest in what is hap
pening behind the events, and the
ability to express humor through
writing.
Co-Rcc Committee will hold try- J
outs for a publicity writer in Room j
15, above the ASSIJ office, today j
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 3 to i
5 p.m.
The qualities that the committee |

is looking for are Rood style in
writing, an interest in what is hap
pening behind the events, and the
ability to express humor through
writing.
Co-Rcc Committee will hold try- J
outs for a publicity writer in Room j
15, above the ASSIJ office, today j
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 3 to i
5 p.m.
The qualities that the committee |

is looking for are Rood style in
writing, an interest in what is hap
pening behind the events, and the
ability to express humor through
writing.
Co-Rcc Committee will hold try- J
outs for a publicity writer in Room j
15, above the ASSIJ office, today j
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 3 to i
5 p.m.
The qualities that the committee |

is looking for are Rood style in
writing, an interest in what is hap
pening behind the events, and the
ability to express humor through
writing.
Co-Rcc Committee will hold try- J
outs for a publicity writer in Room j
15, above the ASSIJ office, today j
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 3 to i
5 p.m.
The qualities that the committee |

is looking for are Rood style in
writing, an interest in what is hap
pening behind the events, and the
ability to express humor through
writing.
Co-Rcc Committee will hold try- J
outs for a publicity writer in Room j
15, above the ASSIJ office, today j
from 10 a.m. to noon and from 3 to i
5 p.m.
The qualities that the committee |

is looking for are Rood style in
writing, an interest in what is hap
pening behind the events, and the
ability to express humor through
writing.
