# Dr. Jordan Lectures At 4:15 on Heredity
## 
### 
Dr. Jordan will finish his series of
lectures on evolution this afternoon
at 4:15 in the Assembly hall with a
talk on "The Meaning of Heredity."
The series consisted of three talks,
the first two being "The Wave of
Nature" and "Factors in Organic Evo
lution."
This evening T)r. Jordan will speak
on "Bryan" at 7:30 at Serra House,
his home.
Dr. Jordan will finish his series of
lectures on evolution this afternoon
at 4:15 in the Assembly hall with a
talk on "The Meaning of Heredity."
The series consisted of three talks,
the first two being "The Wave of
Nature" and "Factors in Organic Evo
lution."
This evening T)r. Jordan will speak
on "Bryan" at 7:30 at Serra House,
his home.
Dr. Jordan will finish his series of
lectures on evolution this afternoon
at 4:15 in the Assembly hall with a
talk on "The Meaning of Heredity."
The series consisted of three talks,
the first two being "The Wave of
Nature" and "Factors in Organic Evo
lution."
This evening T)r. Jordan will speak
on "Bryan" at 7:30 at Serra House,
his home.
Dr. Jordan will finish his series of
lectures on evolution this afternoon
at 4:15 in the Assembly hall with a
talk on "The Meaning of Heredity."
The series consisted of three talks,
the first two being "The Wave of
Nature" and "Factors in Organic Evo
lution."
This evening T)r. Jordan will speak
on "Bryan" at 7:30 at Serra House,
his home.
Dr. Jordan will finish his series of
lectures on evolution this afternoon
at 4:15 in the Assembly hall with a
talk on "The Meaning of Heredity."
The series consisted of three talks,
the first two being "The Wave of
Nature" and "Factors in Organic Evo
lution."
This evening T)r. Jordan will speak
on "Bryan" at 7:30 at Serra House,
his home.
Dr. Jordan will finish his series of
lectures on evolution this afternoon
at 4:15 in the Assembly hall with a
talk on "The Meaning of Heredity."
The series consisted of three talks,
the first two being "The Wave of
Nature" and "Factors in Organic Evo
lution."
This evening T)r. Jordan will speak
on "Bryan" at 7:30 at Serra House,
his home.
Dr. Jordan will finish his series of
lectures on evolution this afternoon
at 4:15 in the Assembly hall with a
talk on "The Meaning of Heredity."
The series consisted of three talks,
the first two being "The Wave of
Nature" and "Factors in Organic Evo
lution."
This evening T)r. Jordan will speak
on "Bryan" at 7:30 at Serra House,
his home.
Dr. Jordan will finish his series of
lectures on evolution this afternoon
at 4:15 in the Assembly hall with a
talk on "The Meaning of Heredity."
The series consisted of three talks,
the first two being "The Wave of
Nature" and "Factors in Organic Evo
lution."
This evening T)r. Jordan will speak
on "Bryan" at 7:30 at Serra House,
his home.
Dr. Jordan will finish his series of
lectures on evolution this afternoon
at 4:15 in the Assembly hall with a
talk on "The Meaning of Heredity."
The series consisted of three talks,
the first two being "The Wave of
Nature" and "Factors in Organic Evo
lution."
This evening T)r. Jordan will speak
on "Bryan" at 7:30 at Serra House,
his home.
Dr. Jordan will finish his series of
lectures on evolution this afternoon
at 4:15 in the Assembly hall with a
talk on "The Meaning of Heredity."
The series consisted of three talks,
the first two being "The Wave of
Nature" and "Factors in Organic Evo
lution."
This evening T)r. Jordan will speak
on "Bryan" at 7:30 at Serra House,
his home.
Dr. Jordan will finish his series of
lectures on evolution this afternoon
at 4:15 in the Assembly hall with a
talk on "The Meaning of Heredity."
The series consisted of three talks,
the first two being "The Wave of
Nature" and "Factors in Organic Evo
lution."
This evening T)r. Jordan will speak
on "Bryan" at 7:30 at Serra House,
his home.
Dr. Jordan will finish his series of
lectures on evolution this afternoon
at 4:15 in the Assembly hall with a
talk on "The Meaning of Heredity."
The series consisted of three talks,
the first two being "The Wave of
Nature" and "Factors in Organic Evo
lution."
This evening T)r. Jordan will speak
on "Bryan" at 7:30 at Serra House,
his home.
Dr. Jordan will finish his series of
lectures on evolution this afternoon
at 4:15 in the Assembly hall with a
talk on "The Meaning of Heredity."
The series consisted of three talks,
the first two being "The Wave of
Nature" and "Factors in Organic Evo
lution."
This evening T)r. Jordan will speak
on "Bryan" at 7:30 at Serra House,
his home.
Dr. Jordan will finish his series of
lectures on evolution this afternoon
at 4:15 in the Assembly hall with a
talk on "The Meaning of Heredity."
The series consisted of three talks,
the first two being "The Wave of
Nature" and "Factors in Organic Evo
lution."
This evening T)r. Jordan will speak
on "Bryan" at 7:30 at Serra House,
his home.
