# THE QUADRANGLE
## 
### 
The Quad is the central
group of classrooms and of
fices which contain the heart
of the University. Located
here are the President's* Of
fice, the famous view down
Palm Drive and Memorial
Church.
But the beauty and simplic
ity of the Quad ends there.
The numbering of classrooms
in the Quad presents a puzzle
to even the most experienced
upperclassmen.
The inner Quad numbering
is fairly straightforward.
Building 1 is directly across
from Memorial Church.
Numbering then proceeds by
increments ot ten (Building
10, 20, etc.), in a clockwise
direction, ending with build
ing 110.
The buildings along the
outside of the Quad are num
bered in a more confusing
manner. Building 120 (Uni
versity Public Affairs) is lo
cated directly behind Build
ing 1. Buildings are then as
signed numbers in a seem
ingly erratic fashion, moving
in a clockwise direction,
reaching Building4oo, which
houses an array of programs.
Off the Quad, the number
ing is even more confusing, as
are the University abbrevia
tions for the various au
ditoriums.
For a simpler first day of
classes, consult the map
found in the back of the Time
Schedule. And good luck.


Daily photo by Linda Buddenberg
