# Preview
## 
### 
Tuesday
News

California financial aid, formerly recog
nized for its widespread success, is now
being criticized for being distributed to
fewer than half of eligible recipients. Read
tomorrow's Daily for more information.
Tuesday
News

California financial aid, formerly recog
nized for its widespread success, is now
being criticized for being distributed to
fewer than half of eligible recipients. Read
tomorrow's Daily for more information.
Tuesday
News

California financial aid, formerly recog
nized for its widespread success, is now
being criticized for being distributed to
fewer than half of eligible recipients. Read
tomorrow's Daily for more information.
Tuesday
News

California financial aid, formerly recog
nized for its widespread success, is now
being criticized for being distributed to
fewer than half of eligible recipients. Read
tomorrow's Daily for more information.
Tuesday
News

California financial aid, formerly recog
nized for its widespread success, is now
being criticized for being distributed to
fewer than half of eligible recipients. Read
tomorrow's Daily for more information.
Tuesday
News

California financial aid, formerly recog
nized for its widespread success, is now
being criticized for being distributed to
fewer than half of eligible recipients. Read
tomorrow's Daily for more information.
Tuesday
News

California financial aid, formerly recog
nized for its widespread success, is now
being criticized for being distributed to
fewer than half of eligible recipients. Read
tomorrow's Daily for more information.
