# Job Interviews
## 
### 
Interview schedules may be j
signed at the Placement Service I
for the following job interviews'
tomorrow:
Shell Chemical Corporation:
E.E., M.E., C.E., chemistry, chem
ical and metallurgical engineer-1
ing openings.
Shell Development Company:
Mechanical, chemical and electri
cal engineering openings.
Shell Development (Research):
Openings for Ph.D. degrees in
chemistry and applied physics in
the research department, Emery
ville,
Shell Oil Company: E.E., C.E..
M.E., 1.E., metallurgy, geology,
chemical and petroleum engineer
ing openings for U.S. citizens in
the manufacturing, marketing,
exploration and development de
partments in California and
Washington.
