# Soviet Delegation Picketed by 10,000
## 
### 
NEW YORK, Nov. 1 (UP>— A
procession of 10,(XX) pers on s
marched past the headquarters
of the Russian delegation to the
United Nations today in protest
against • Soviet intervention in
Hungary.
While an estimated 80,0(W) spec
tators watched and applauded,
the procession moved up Fifth
Avenue and then east past the
Russian offices on Park Avenue.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1 (UP>— A
procession of 10,(XX) pers on s
marched past the headquarters
of the Russian delegation to the
United Nations today in protest
against • Soviet intervention in
Hungary.
While an estimated 80,0(W) spec
tators watched and applauded,
the procession moved up Fifth
Avenue and then east past the
Russian offices on Park Avenue.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1 (UP>— A
procession of 10,(XX) pers on s
marched past the headquarters
of the Russian delegation to the
United Nations today in protest
against • Soviet intervention in
Hungary.
While an estimated 80,0(W) spec
tators watched and applauded,
the procession moved up Fifth
Avenue and then east past the
Russian offices on Park Avenue.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1 (UP>— A
procession of 10,(XX) pers on s
marched past the headquarters
of the Russian delegation to the
United Nations today in protest
against • Soviet intervention in
Hungary.
While an estimated 80,0(W) spec
tators watched and applauded,
the procession moved up Fifth
Avenue and then east past the
Russian offices on Park Avenue.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1 (UP>— A
procession of 10,(XX) pers on s
marched past the headquarters
of the Russian delegation to the
United Nations today in protest
against • Soviet intervention in
Hungary.
While an estimated 80,0(W) spec
tators watched and applauded,
the procession moved up Fifth
Avenue and then east past the
Russian offices on Park Avenue.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1 (UP>— A
procession of 10,(XX) pers on s
marched past the headquarters
of the Russian delegation to the
United Nations today in protest
against • Soviet intervention in
Hungary.
While an estimated 80,0(W) spec
tators watched and applauded,
the procession moved up Fifth
Avenue and then east past the
Russian offices on Park Avenue.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1 (UP>— A
procession of 10,(XX) pers on s
marched past the headquarters
of the Russian delegation to the
United Nations today in protest
against • Soviet intervention in
Hungary.
While an estimated 80,0(W) spec
tators watched and applauded,
the procession moved up Fifth
Avenue and then east past the
Russian offices on Park Avenue.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1 (UP>— A
procession of 10,(XX) pers on s
marched past the headquarters
of the Russian delegation to the
United Nations today in protest
against • Soviet intervention in
Hungary.
While an estimated 80,0(W) spec
tators watched and applauded,
the procession moved up Fifth
Avenue and then east past the
Russian offices on Park Avenue.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1 (UP>— A
procession of 10,(XX) pers on s
marched past the headquarters
of the Russian delegation to the
United Nations today in protest
against • Soviet intervention in
Hungary.
While an estimated 80,0(W) spec
tators watched and applauded,
the procession moved up Fifth
Avenue and then east past the
Russian offices on Park Avenue.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1 (UP>— A
procession of 10,(XX) pers on s
marched past the headquarters
of the Russian delegation to the
United Nations today in protest
against • Soviet intervention in
Hungary.
While an estimated 80,0(W) spec
tators watched and applauded,
the procession moved up Fifth
Avenue and then east past the
Russian offices on Park Avenue.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1 (UP>— A
procession of 10,(XX) pers on s
marched past the headquarters
of the Russian delegation to the
United Nations today in protest
against • Soviet intervention in
Hungary.
While an estimated 80,0(W) spec
tators watched and applauded,
the procession moved up Fifth
Avenue and then east past the
Russian offices on Park Avenue.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1 (UP>— A
procession of 10,(XX) pers on s
marched past the headquarters
of the Russian delegation to the
United Nations today in protest
against • Soviet intervention in
Hungary.
While an estimated 80,0(W) spec
tators watched and applauded,
the procession moved up Fifth
Avenue and then east past the
Russian offices on Park Avenue.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1 (UP>— A
procession of 10,(XX) pers on s
marched past the headquarters
of the Russian delegation to the
United Nations today in protest
against • Soviet intervention in
Hungary.
While an estimated 80,0(W) spec
tators watched and applauded,
the procession moved up Fifth
Avenue and then east past the
Russian offices on Park Avenue.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1 (UP>— A
procession of 10,(XX) pers on s
marched past the headquarters
of the Russian delegation to the
United Nations today in protest
against • Soviet intervention in
Hungary.
While an estimated 80,0(W) spec
tators watched and applauded,
the procession moved up Fifth
Avenue and then east past the
Russian offices on Park Avenue.
NEW YORK, Nov. 1 (UP>— A
procession of 10,(XX) pers on s
marched past the headquarters
of the Russian delegation to the
United Nations today in protest
against • Soviet intervention in
Hungary.
While an estimated 80,0(W) spec
tators watched and applauded,
the procession moved up Fifth
Avenue and then east past the
Russian offices on Park Avenue.
