# Brubabes Shock Frosh by 13-13 Tie
## 
### 
UCLA's outmannd but inspired
freshman team pulled a minor
upset Saturday by tying the Stan
ford Papooses, 13-13. in the pre
liminary game at Memorial Coli
seum.
The Brubabes, with only 20
men suited, drove for the game
tying score after the second-half
kickoff and then hung on to con
trol ball throughout the final
period.
UCLA's outmannd but inspired
freshman team pulled a minor
upset Saturday by tying the Stan
ford Papooses, 13-13. in the pre
liminary game at Memorial Coli
seum.
The Brubabes, with only 20
men suited, drove for the game
tying score after the second-half
kickoff and then hung on to con
trol ball throughout the final
period.
UCLA's outmannd but inspired
freshman team pulled a minor
upset Saturday by tying the Stan
ford Papooses, 13-13. in the pre
liminary game at Memorial Coli
seum.
The Brubabes, with only 20
men suited, drove for the game
tying score after the second-half
kickoff and then hung on to con
trol ball throughout the final
period.
UCLA's outmannd but inspired
freshman team pulled a minor
upset Saturday by tying the Stan
ford Papooses, 13-13. in the pre
liminary game at Memorial Coli
seum.
The Brubabes, with only 20
men suited, drove for the game
tying score after the second-half
kickoff and then hung on to con
trol ball throughout the final
period.
UCLA's outmannd but inspired
freshman team pulled a minor
upset Saturday by tying the Stan
ford Papooses, 13-13. in the pre
liminary game at Memorial Coli
seum.
The Brubabes, with only 20
men suited, drove for the game
tying score after the second-half
kickoff and then hung on to con
trol ball throughout the final
period.
UCLA's outmannd but inspired
freshman team pulled a minor
upset Saturday by tying the Stan
ford Papooses, 13-13. in the pre
liminary game at Memorial Coli
seum.
The Brubabes, with only 20
men suited, drove for the game
tying score after the second-half
kickoff and then hung on to con
trol ball throughout the final
period.
UCLA's outmannd but inspired
freshman team pulled a minor
upset Saturday by tying the Stan
ford Papooses, 13-13. in the pre
liminary game at Memorial Coli
seum.
The Brubabes, with only 20
men suited, drove for the game
tying score after the second-half
kickoff and then hung on to con
trol ball throughout the final
period.
UCLA's outmannd but inspired
freshman team pulled a minor
upset Saturday by tying the Stan
ford Papooses, 13-13. in the pre
liminary game at Memorial Coli
seum.
The Brubabes, with only 20
men suited, drove for the game
tying score after the second-half
kickoff and then hung on to con
trol ball throughout the final
period.
UCLA's outmannd but inspired
freshman team pulled a minor
upset Saturday by tying the Stan
ford Papooses, 13-13. in the pre
liminary game at Memorial Coli
seum.
The Brubabes, with only 20
men suited, drove for the game
tying score after the second-half
kickoff and then hung on to con
trol ball throughout the final
period.
UCLA's outmannd but inspired
freshman team pulled a minor
upset Saturday by tying the Stan
ford Papooses, 13-13. in the pre
liminary game at Memorial Coli
seum.
The Brubabes, with only 20
men suited, drove for the game
tying score after the second-half
kickoff and then hung on to con
trol ball throughout the final
period.
UCLA's outmannd but inspired
freshman team pulled a minor
upset Saturday by tying the Stan
ford Papooses, 13-13. in the pre
liminary game at Memorial Coli
seum.
The Brubabes, with only 20
men suited, drove for the game
tying score after the second-half
kickoff and then hung on to con
trol ball throughout the final
period.
UCLA's outmannd but inspired
freshman team pulled a minor
upset Saturday by tying the Stan
ford Papooses, 13-13. in the pre
liminary game at Memorial Coli
seum.
The Brubabes, with only 20
men suited, drove for the game
tying score after the second-half
kickoff and then hung on to con
trol ball throughout the final
period.
UCLA's outmannd but inspired
freshman team pulled a minor
upset Saturday by tying the Stan
ford Papooses, 13-13. in the pre
liminary game at Memorial Coli
seum.
The Brubabes, with only 20
men suited, drove for the game
tying score after the second-half
kickoff and then hung on to con
trol ball throughout the final
period.
UCLA's outmannd but inspired
freshman team pulled a minor
upset Saturday by tying the Stan
ford Papooses, 13-13. in the pre
liminary game at Memorial Coli
seum.
The Brubabes, with only 20
men suited, drove for the game
tying score after the second-half
kickoff and then hung on to con
trol ball throughout the final
period.
UCLA's outmannd but inspired
freshman team pulled a minor
upset Saturday by tying the Stan
ford Papooses, 13-13. in the pre
liminary game at Memorial Coli
seum.
The Brubabes, with only 20
men suited, drove for the game
tying score after the second-half
kickoff and then hung on to con
trol ball throughout the final
period.
