# SENIOR CLASS MEETING
## 
### 
Senior Class will hold its most
important meeting of the college
year Thursday at 12:45 sharp in
Room 214. I)r. E. E. Robinson
will explain commencement pro
gram.
Senior Class will hold its most
important meeting of the college
year Thursday at 12:45 sharp in
Room 214. I)r. E. E. Robinson
will explain commencement pro
gram.
Senior Class will hold its most
important meeting of the college
year Thursday at 12:45 sharp in
Room 214. I)r. E. E. Robinson
will explain commencement pro
gram.
Senior Class will hold its most
important meeting of the college
year Thursday at 12:45 sharp in
Room 214. I)r. E. E. Robinson
will explain commencement pro
gram.
Senior Class will hold its most
important meeting of the college
year Thursday at 12:45 sharp in
Room 214. I)r. E. E. Robinson
will explain commencement pro
gram.
Senior Class will hold its most
important meeting of the college
year Thursday at 12:45 sharp in
Room 214. I)r. E. E. Robinson
will explain commencement pro
gram.
Senior Class will hold its most
important meeting of the college
year Thursday at 12:45 sharp in
Room 214. I)r. E. E. Robinson
will explain commencement pro
gram.
Senior Class will hold its most
important meeting of the college
year Thursday at 12:45 sharp in
Room 214. I)r. E. E. Robinson
will explain commencement pro
gram.
Senior Class will hold its most
important meeting of the college
year Thursday at 12:45 sharp in
Room 214. I)r. E. E. Robinson
will explain commencement pro
gram.
Senior Class will hold its most
important meeting of the college
year Thursday at 12:45 sharp in
Room 214. I)r. E. E. Robinson
will explain commencement pro
gram.
Senior Class will hold its most
important meeting of the college
year Thursday at 12:45 sharp in
Room 214. I)r. E. E. Robinson
will explain commencement pro
gram.
Senior Class will hold its most
important meeting of the college
year Thursday at 12:45 sharp in
Room 214. I)r. E. E. Robinson
will explain commencement pro
gram.
Senior Class will hold its most
important meeting of the college
year Thursday at 12:45 sharp in
Room 214. I)r. E. E. Robinson
will explain commencement pro
gram.
Senior Class will hold its most
important meeting of the college
year Thursday at 12:45 sharp in
Room 214. I)r. E. E. Robinson
will explain commencement pro
gram.
Senior Class will hold its most
important meeting of the college
year Thursday at 12:45 sharp in
Room 214. I)r. E. E. Robinson
will explain commencement pro
gram.
