# V-5 Representatives At Stanford Today
## 
### 
Lieut. W. E. Wiesinger and Lieut,
(j.g.) G. W. Vaughan, of the Naval
Aviation Cadet Selection Board in
San Francisco, will be available in
the Men's Health Service of the
B.A.C. building all day today, start
ing physical examinations at 9 a.m.
and continuing through tomorrow
morning. During that time they will
interview those students now in the
Marine Corps and the V-l and V-7
reserves who desire to transfer to
the V-5 (naval aviation) program.
These representatives will also be
glad to talk with men already in
the Marine Corps Reserve who may
have questions and also to those 17-
year-old students who may be in
terested in enlistment in the Marine
Corps.
Lieut. W. E. Wiesinger and Lieut,
(j.g.) G. W. Vaughan, of the Naval
Aviation Cadet Selection Board in
San Francisco, will be available in
the Men's Health Service of the
B.A.C. building all day today, start
ing physical examinations at 9 a.m.
and continuing through tomorrow
morning. During that time they will
interview those students now in the
Marine Corps and the V-l and V-7
reserves who desire to transfer to
the V-5 (naval aviation) program.
These representatives will also be
glad to talk with men already in
the Marine Corps Reserve who may
have questions and also to those 17-
year-old students who may be in
terested in enlistment in the Marine
Corps.
Lieut. W. E. Wiesinger and Lieut,
(j.g.) G. W. Vaughan, of the Naval
Aviation Cadet Selection Board in
San Francisco, will be available in
the Men's Health Service of the
B.A.C. building all day today, start
ing physical examinations at 9 a.m.
and continuing through tomorrow
morning. During that time they will
interview those students now in the
Marine Corps and the V-l and V-7
reserves who desire to transfer to
the V-5 (naval aviation) program.
These representatives will also be
glad to talk with men already in
the Marine Corps Reserve who may
have questions and also to those 17-
year-old students who may be in
terested in enlistment in the Marine
Corps.
Lieut. W. E. Wiesinger and Lieut,
(j.g.) G. W. Vaughan, of the Naval
Aviation Cadet Selection Board in
San Francisco, will be available in
the Men's Health Service of the
B.A.C. building all day today, start
ing physical examinations at 9 a.m.
and continuing through tomorrow
morning. During that time they will
interview those students now in the
Marine Corps and the V-l and V-7
reserves who desire to transfer to
the V-5 (naval aviation) program.
These representatives will also be
glad to talk with men already in
the Marine Corps Reserve who may
have questions and also to those 17-
year-old students who may be in
terested in enlistment in the Marine
Corps.
Lieut. W. E. Wiesinger and Lieut,
(j.g.) G. W. Vaughan, of the Naval
Aviation Cadet Selection Board in
San Francisco, will be available in
the Men's Health Service of the
B.A.C. building all day today, start
ing physical examinations at 9 a.m.
and continuing through tomorrow
morning. During that time they will
interview those students now in the
Marine Corps and the V-l and V-7
reserves who desire to transfer to
the V-5 (naval aviation) program.
These representatives will also be
glad to talk with men already in
the Marine Corps Reserve who may
have questions and also to those 17-
year-old students who may be in
terested in enlistment in the Marine
Corps.
Lieut. W. E. Wiesinger and Lieut,
(j.g.) G. W. Vaughan, of the Naval
Aviation Cadet Selection Board in
San Francisco, will be available in
the Men's Health Service of the
B.A.C. building all day today, start
ing physical examinations at 9 a.m.
and continuing through tomorrow
morning. During that time they will
interview those students now in the
Marine Corps and the V-l and V-7
reserves who desire to transfer to
the V-5 (naval aviation) program.
These representatives will also be
glad to talk with men already in
the Marine Corps Reserve who may
have questions and also to those 17-
year-old students who may be in
terested in enlistment in the Marine
Corps.
Lieut. W. E. Wiesinger and Lieut,
(j.g.) G. W. Vaughan, of the Naval
Aviation Cadet Selection Board in
San Francisco, will be available in
the Men's Health Service of the
B.A.C. building all day today, start
ing physical examinations at 9 a.m.
and continuing through tomorrow
morning. During that time they will
interview those students now in the
Marine Corps and the V-l and V-7
reserves who desire to transfer to
the V-5 (naval aviation) program.
These representatives will also be
glad to talk with men already in
the Marine Corps Reserve who may
have questions and also to those 17-
year-old students who may be in
terested in enlistment in the Marine
Corps.
Lieut. W. E. Wiesinger and Lieut,
(j.g.) G. W. Vaughan, of the Naval
Aviation Cadet Selection Board in
San Francisco, will be available in
the Men's Health Service of the
B.A.C. building all day today, start
ing physical examinations at 9 a.m.
and continuing through tomorrow
morning. During that time they will
interview those students now in the
Marine Corps and the V-l and V-7
reserves who desire to transfer to
the V-5 (naval aviation) program.
These representatives will also be
glad to talk with men already in
the Marine Corps Reserve who may
have questions and also to those 17-
year-old students who may be in
terested in enlistment in the Marine
Corps.
Lieut. W. E. Wiesinger and Lieut,
(j.g.) G. W. Vaughan, of the Naval
Aviation Cadet Selection Board in
San Francisco, will be available in
the Men's Health Service of the
B.A.C. building all day today, start
ing physical examinations at 9 a.m.
and continuing through tomorrow
morning. During that time they will
interview those students now in the
Marine Corps and the V-l and V-7
reserves who desire to transfer to
the V-5 (naval aviation) program.
These representatives will also be
glad to talk with men already in
the Marine Corps Reserve who may
have questions and also to those 17-
year-old students who may be in
terested in enlistment in the Marine
Corps.
Lieut. W. E. Wiesinger and Lieut,
(j.g.) G. W. Vaughan, of the Naval
Aviation Cadet Selection Board in
San Francisco, will be available in
the Men's Health Service of the
B.A.C. building all day today, start
ing physical examinations at 9 a.m.
and continuing through tomorrow
morning. During that time they will
interview those students now in the
Marine Corps and the V-l and V-7
reserves who desire to transfer to
the V-5 (naval aviation) program.
These representatives will also be
glad to talk with men already in
the Marine Corps Reserve who may
have questions and also to those 17-
year-old students who may be in
terested in enlistment in the Marine
Corps.
Lieut. W. E. Wiesinger and Lieut,
(j.g.) G. W. Vaughan, of the Naval
Aviation Cadet Selection Board in
San Francisco, will be available in
the Men's Health Service of the
B.A.C. building all day today, start
ing physical examinations at 9 a.m.
and continuing through tomorrow
morning. During that time they will
interview those students now in the
Marine Corps and the V-l and V-7
reserves who desire to transfer to
the V-5 (naval aviation) program.
These representatives will also be
glad to talk with men already in
the Marine Corps Reserve who may
have questions and also to those 17-
year-old students who may be in
terested in enlistment in the Marine
Corps.
Lieut. W. E. Wiesinger and Lieut,
(j.g.) G. W. Vaughan, of the Naval
Aviation Cadet Selection Board in
San Francisco, will be available in
the Men's Health Service of the
B.A.C. building all day today, start
ing physical examinations at 9 a.m.
and continuing through tomorrow
morning. During that time they will
interview those students now in the
Marine Corps and the V-l and V-7
reserves who desire to transfer to
the V-5 (naval aviation) program.
These representatives will also be
glad to talk with men already in
the Marine Corps Reserve who may
have questions and also to those 17-
year-old students who may be in
terested in enlistment in the Marine
Corps.
Lieut. W. E. Wiesinger and Lieut,
(j.g.) G. W. Vaughan, of the Naval
Aviation Cadet Selection Board in
San Francisco, will be available in
the Men's Health Service of the
B.A.C. building all day today, start
ing physical examinations at 9 a.m.
and continuing through tomorrow
morning. During that time they will
interview those students now in the
Marine Corps and the V-l and V-7
reserves who desire to transfer to
the V-5 (naval aviation) program.
These representatives will also be
glad to talk with men already in
the Marine Corps Reserve who may
have questions and also to those 17-
year-old students who may be in
terested in enlistment in the Marine
Corps.
Lieut. W. E. Wiesinger and Lieut,
(j.g.) G. W. Vaughan, of the Naval
Aviation Cadet Selection Board in
San Francisco, will be available in
the Men's Health Service of the
B.A.C. building all day today, start
ing physical examinations at 9 a.m.
and continuing through tomorrow
morning. During that time they will
interview those students now in the
Marine Corps and the V-l and V-7
reserves who desire to transfer to
the V-5 (naval aviation) program.
These representatives will also be
glad to talk with men already in
the Marine Corps Reserve who may
have questions and also to those 17-
year-old students who may be in
terested in enlistment in the Marine
Corps.
Lieut. W. E. Wiesinger and Lieut,
(j.g.) G. W. Vaughan, of the Naval
Aviation Cadet Selection Board in
San Francisco, will be available in
the Men's Health Service of the
B.A.C. building all day today, start
ing physical examinations at 9 a.m.
and continuing through tomorrow
morning. During that time they will
interview those students now in the
Marine Corps and the V-l and V-7
reserves who desire to transfer to
the V-5 (naval aviation) program.
These representatives will also be
glad to talk with men already in
the Marine Corps Reserve who may
have questions and also to those 17-
year-old students who may be in
terested in enlistment in the Marine
Corps.
Lieut. W. E. Wiesinger and Lieut,
(j.g.) G. W. Vaughan, of the Naval
Aviation Cadet Selection Board in
San Francisco, will be available in
the Men's Health Service of the
B.A.C. building all day today, start
ing physical examinations at 9 a.m.
and continuing through tomorrow
morning. During that time they will
interview those students now in the
Marine Corps and the V-l and V-7
reserves who desire to transfer to
the V-5 (naval aviation) program.
These representatives will also be
glad to talk with men already in
the Marine Corps Reserve who may
have questions and also to those 17-
year-old students who may be in
terested in enlistment in the Marine
Corps.
Lieut. W. E. Wiesinger and Lieut,
(j.g.) G. W. Vaughan, of the Naval
Aviation Cadet Selection Board in
San Francisco, will be available in
the Men's Health Service of the
B.A.C. building all day today, start
ing physical examinations at 9 a.m.
and continuing through tomorrow
morning. During that time they will
interview those students now in the
Marine Corps and the V-l and V-7
reserves who desire to transfer to
the V-5 (naval aviation) program.
These representatives will also be
glad to talk with men already in
the Marine Corps Reserve who may
have questions and also to those 17-
year-old students who may be in
terested in enlistment in the Marine
Corps.
