# Untitled Article
## 
### 

I'his small boy was a self-appointed receptionist when American sol
diers were invited to Harlesden, London, by the mayor. He proudly
marches in step.

I'his small boy was a self-appointed receptionist when American sol
diers were invited to Harlesden, London, by the mayor. He proudly
marches in step.

I'his small boy was a self-appointed receptionist when American sol
diers were invited to Harlesden, London, by the mayor. He proudly
marches in step.

I'his small boy was a self-appointed receptionist when American sol
diers were invited to Harlesden, London, by the mayor. He proudly
marches in step.

I'his small boy was a self-appointed receptionist when American sol
diers were invited to Harlesden, London, by the mayor. He proudly
marches in step.

I'his small boy was a self-appointed receptionist when American sol
diers were invited to Harlesden, London, by the mayor. He proudly
marches in step.

I'his small boy was a self-appointed receptionist when American sol
diers were invited to Harlesden, London, by the mayor. He proudly
marches in step.

I'his small boy was a self-appointed receptionist when American sol
diers were invited to Harlesden, London, by the mayor. He proudly
marches in step.

I'his small boy was a self-appointed receptionist when American sol
diers were invited to Harlesden, London, by the mayor. He proudly
marches in step.

I'his small boy was a self-appointed receptionist when American sol
diers were invited to Harlesden, London, by the mayor. He proudly
marches in step.

I'his small boy was a self-appointed receptionist when American sol
diers were invited to Harlesden, London, by the mayor. He proudly
marches in step.

I'his small boy was a self-appointed receptionist when American sol
diers were invited to Harlesden, London, by the mayor. He proudly
marches in step.

I'his small boy was a self-appointed receptionist when American sol
diers were invited to Harlesden, London, by the mayor. He proudly
marches in step.

I'his small boy was a self-appointed receptionist when American sol
diers were invited to Harlesden, London, by the mayor. He proudly
marches in step.

I'his small boy was a self-appointed receptionist when American sol
diers were invited to Harlesden, London, by the mayor. He proudly
marches in step.

I'his small boy was a self-appointed receptionist when American sol
diers were invited to Harlesden, London, by the mayor. He proudly
marches in step.

I'his small boy was a self-appointed receptionist when American sol
diers were invited to Harlesden, London, by the mayor. He proudly
marches in step.
