# Untitled Article
## 
### 

PROMOTION? — Lieut.
General Frank M. Andrews,
commander of U. S. forces
in Middle East, reported in
London soon to become
commander of all U. S. land
and air forces in European
area.

PROMOTION? — Lieut.
General Frank M. Andrews,
commander of U. S. forces
in Middle East, reported in
London soon to become
commander of all U. S. land
and air forces in European
area.

PROMOTION? — Lieut.
General Frank M. Andrews,
commander of U. S. forces
in Middle East, reported in
London soon to become
commander of all U. S. land
and air forces in European
area.

PROMOTION? — Lieut.
General Frank M. Andrews,
commander of U. S. forces
in Middle East, reported in
London soon to become
commander of all U. S. land
and air forces in European
area.

PROMOTION? — Lieut.
General Frank M. Andrews,
commander of U. S. forces
in Middle East, reported in
London soon to become
commander of all U. S. land
and air forces in European
area.

PROMOTION? — Lieut.
General Frank M. Andrews,
commander of U. S. forces
in Middle East, reported in
London soon to become
commander of all U. S. land
and air forces in European
area.

PROMOTION? — Lieut.
General Frank M. Andrews,
commander of U. S. forces
in Middle East, reported in
London soon to become
commander of all U. S. land
and air forces in European
area.

PROMOTION? — Lieut.
General Frank M. Andrews,
commander of U. S. forces
in Middle East, reported in
London soon to become
commander of all U. S. land
and air forces in European
area.

PROMOTION? — Lieut.
General Frank M. Andrews,
commander of U. S. forces
in Middle East, reported in
London soon to become
commander of all U. S. land
and air forces in European
area.

PROMOTION? — Lieut.
General Frank M. Andrews,
commander of U. S. forces
in Middle East, reported in
London soon to become
commander of all U. S. land
and air forces in European
area.

PROMOTION? — Lieut.
General Frank M. Andrews,
commander of U. S. forces
in Middle East, reported in
London soon to become
commander of all U. S. land
and air forces in European
area.

PROMOTION? — Lieut.
General Frank M. Andrews,
commander of U. S. forces
in Middle East, reported in
London soon to become
commander of all U. S. land
and air forces in European
area.

PROMOTION? — Lieut.
General Frank M. Andrews,
commander of U. S. forces
in Middle East, reported in
London soon to become
commander of all U. S. land
and air forces in European
area.

PROMOTION? — Lieut.
General Frank M. Andrews,
commander of U. S. forces
in Middle East, reported in
London soon to become
commander of all U. S. land
and air forces in European
area.

PROMOTION? — Lieut.
General Frank M. Andrews,
commander of U. S. forces
in Middle East, reported in
London soon to become
commander of all U. S. land
and air forces in European
area.

PROMOTION? — Lieut.
General Frank M. Andrews,
commander of U. S. forces
in Middle East, reported in
London soon to become
commander of all U. S. land
and air forces in European
area.

PROMOTION? — Lieut.
General Frank M. Andrews,
commander of U. S. forces
in Middle East, reported in
London soon to become
commander of all U. S. land
and air forces in European
area.
