# Citizenship Meet Planned
## 
### 
A1 Black, education director for
the Encampment for Citizenship,
will meet all interested students
and discuss this program ;ii an
open house at the home of Ihu ry
Williams at 755 Santa Yne/. St. at
7:30 this evening.
The Encampment will use San
Francisco as a laboratory to bring
to life current problems and is
sues by means of workshops,
field trips, lectures and discussion
groups for some 100 young people
from IS to 23 from every part of
the United States and represent
ing a wide variety of educational,
religious and ethnic backgrounds.
Some of the subjects to be cov
ered during the Encampment in
clude problems of minorities, the
UN and the atomic age, the mean
ing of democracy and practical
techniques for citizenship partici
pation.
