# 2nd Soph Money Man
## 
### 
Bob Best, the sophomore who
lias been named Student Finan
cial Manager for the coming
year, follows in the. steps of
one of his fellow townsmen.
Best has the distinction of be
ing the second sophomore ever
to be appointed to the office.
From Stockton, Best notes that
the first sophomore was also
from Stockton, Bill Mathewson.
Bob Best, the sophomore who
lias been named Student Finan
cial Manager for the coming
year, follows in the. steps of
one of his fellow townsmen.
Best has the distinction of be
ing the second sophomore ever
to be appointed to the office.
From Stockton, Best notes that
the first sophomore was also
from Stockton, Bill Mathewson.
Bob Best, the sophomore who
lias been named Student Finan
cial Manager for the coming
year, follows in the. steps of
one of his fellow townsmen.
Best has the distinction of be
ing the second sophomore ever
to be appointed to the office.
From Stockton, Best notes that
the first sophomore was also
from Stockton, Bill Mathewson.
Bob Best, the sophomore who
lias been named Student Finan
cial Manager for the coming
year, follows in the. steps of
one of his fellow townsmen.
Best has the distinction of be
ing the second sophomore ever
to be appointed to the office.
From Stockton, Best notes that
the first sophomore was also
from Stockton, Bill Mathewson.
Bob Best, the sophomore who
lias been named Student Finan
cial Manager for the coming
year, follows in the. steps of
one of his fellow townsmen.
Best has the distinction of be
ing the second sophomore ever
to be appointed to the office.
From Stockton, Best notes that
the first sophomore was also
from Stockton, Bill Mathewson.
Bob Best, the sophomore who
lias been named Student Finan
cial Manager for the coming
year, follows in the. steps of
one of his fellow townsmen.
Best has the distinction of be
ing the second sophomore ever
to be appointed to the office.
From Stockton, Best notes that
the first sophomore was also
from Stockton, Bill Mathewson.
Bob Best, the sophomore who
lias been named Student Finan
cial Manager for the coming
year, follows in the. steps of
one of his fellow townsmen.
Best has the distinction of be
ing the second sophomore ever
to be appointed to the office.
From Stockton, Best notes that
the first sophomore was also
from Stockton, Bill Mathewson.
Bob Best, the sophomore who
lias been named Student Finan
cial Manager for the coming
year, follows in the. steps of
one of his fellow townsmen.
Best has the distinction of be
ing the second sophomore ever
to be appointed to the office.
From Stockton, Best notes that
the first sophomore was also
from Stockton, Bill Mathewson.
Bob Best, the sophomore who
lias been named Student Finan
cial Manager for the coming
year, follows in the. steps of
one of his fellow townsmen.
Best has the distinction of be
ing the second sophomore ever
to be appointed to the office.
From Stockton, Best notes that
the first sophomore was also
from Stockton, Bill Mathewson.
Bob Best, the sophomore who
lias been named Student Finan
cial Manager for the coming
year, follows in the. steps of
one of his fellow townsmen.
Best has the distinction of be
ing the second sophomore ever
to be appointed to the office.
From Stockton, Best notes that
the first sophomore was also
from Stockton, Bill Mathewson.
Bob Best, the sophomore who
lias been named Student Finan
cial Manager for the coming
year, follows in the. steps of
one of his fellow townsmen.
Best has the distinction of be
ing the second sophomore ever
to be appointed to the office.
From Stockton, Best notes that
the first sophomore was also
from Stockton, Bill Mathewson.
Bob Best, the sophomore who
lias been named Student Finan
cial Manager for the coming
year, follows in the. steps of
one of his fellow townsmen.
Best has the distinction of be
ing the second sophomore ever
to be appointed to the office.
From Stockton, Best notes that
the first sophomore was also
from Stockton, Bill Mathewson.
Bob Best, the sophomore who
lias been named Student Finan
cial Manager for the coming
year, follows in the. steps of
one of his fellow townsmen.
Best has the distinction of be
ing the second sophomore ever
to be appointed to the office.
From Stockton, Best notes that
the first sophomore was also
from Stockton, Bill Mathewson.
Bob Best, the sophomore who
lias been named Student Finan
cial Manager for the coming
year, follows in the. steps of
one of his fellow townsmen.
Best has the distinction of be
ing the second sophomore ever
to be appointed to the office.
From Stockton, Best notes that
the first sophomore was also
from Stockton, Bill Mathewson.
Bob Best, the sophomore who
lias been named Student Finan
cial Manager for the coming
year, follows in the. steps of
one of his fellow townsmen.
Best has the distinction of be
ing the second sophomore ever
to be appointed to the office.
From Stockton, Best notes that
the first sophomore was also
from Stockton, Bill Mathewson.
Bob Best, the sophomore who
lias been named Student Finan
cial Manager for the coming
year, follows in the. steps of
one of his fellow townsmen.
Best has the distinction of be
ing the second sophomore ever
to be appointed to the office.
From Stockton, Best notes that
the first sophomore was also
from Stockton, Bill Mathewson.
Bob Best, the sophomore who
lias been named Student Finan
cial Manager for the coming
year, follows in the. steps of
one of his fellow townsmen.
Best has the distinction of be
ing the second sophomore ever
to be appointed to the office.
From Stockton, Best notes that
the first sophomore was also
from Stockton, Bill Mathewson.
