# Mosk to Speak At Law Forum
## 
### 
Stanford Law Forum will spon- j
sor State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk
in a discussion, "What the Public
Expects of a Lawyer," at 11 a.m.
today in tlie Law School lecture
hart.
At 2 p.m. the Law Forum will
sponsor a seminar on religion, law
and ethics, to be conducted by
William Stringfellow, 30-year-old
New York city attorney. The sem
inar will be held in room 161-K.
Stanford Law Forum will spon- j
sor State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk
in a discussion, "What the Public
Expects of a Lawyer," at 11 a.m.
today in tlie Law School lecture
hart.
At 2 p.m. the Law Forum will
sponsor a seminar on religion, law
and ethics, to be conducted by
William Stringfellow, 30-year-old
New York city attorney. The sem
inar will be held in room 161-K.
Stanford Law Forum will spon- j
sor State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk
in a discussion, "What the Public
Expects of a Lawyer," at 11 a.m.
today in tlie Law School lecture
hart.
At 2 p.m. the Law Forum will
sponsor a seminar on religion, law
and ethics, to be conducted by
William Stringfellow, 30-year-old
New York city attorney. The sem
inar will be held in room 161-K.
Stanford Law Forum will spon- j
sor State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk
in a discussion, "What the Public
Expects of a Lawyer," at 11 a.m.
today in tlie Law School lecture
hart.
At 2 p.m. the Law Forum will
sponsor a seminar on religion, law
and ethics, to be conducted by
William Stringfellow, 30-year-old
New York city attorney. The sem
inar will be held in room 161-K.
Stanford Law Forum will spon- j
sor State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk
in a discussion, "What the Public
Expects of a Lawyer," at 11 a.m.
today in tlie Law School lecture
hart.
At 2 p.m. the Law Forum will
sponsor a seminar on religion, law
and ethics, to be conducted by
William Stringfellow, 30-year-old
New York city attorney. The sem
inar will be held in room 161-K.
Stanford Law Forum will spon- j
sor State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk
in a discussion, "What the Public
Expects of a Lawyer," at 11 a.m.
today in tlie Law School lecture
hart.
At 2 p.m. the Law Forum will
sponsor a seminar on religion, law
and ethics, to be conducted by
William Stringfellow, 30-year-old
New York city attorney. The sem
inar will be held in room 161-K.
Stanford Law Forum will spon- j
sor State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk
in a discussion, "What the Public
Expects of a Lawyer," at 11 a.m.
today in tlie Law School lecture
hart.
At 2 p.m. the Law Forum will
sponsor a seminar on religion, law
and ethics, to be conducted by
William Stringfellow, 30-year-old
New York city attorney. The sem
inar will be held in room 161-K.
Stanford Law Forum will spon- j
sor State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk
in a discussion, "What the Public
Expects of a Lawyer," at 11 a.m.
today in tlie Law School lecture
hart.
At 2 p.m. the Law Forum will
sponsor a seminar on religion, law
and ethics, to be conducted by
William Stringfellow, 30-year-old
New York city attorney. The sem
inar will be held in room 161-K.
Stanford Law Forum will spon- j
sor State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk
in a discussion, "What the Public
Expects of a Lawyer," at 11 a.m.
today in tlie Law School lecture
hart.
At 2 p.m. the Law Forum will
sponsor a seminar on religion, law
and ethics, to be conducted by
William Stringfellow, 30-year-old
New York city attorney. The sem
inar will be held in room 161-K.
Stanford Law Forum will spon- j
sor State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk
in a discussion, "What the Public
Expects of a Lawyer," at 11 a.m.
today in tlie Law School lecture
hart.
At 2 p.m. the Law Forum will
sponsor a seminar on religion, law
and ethics, to be conducted by
William Stringfellow, 30-year-old
New York city attorney. The sem
inar will be held in room 161-K.
Stanford Law Forum will spon- j
sor State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk
in a discussion, "What the Public
Expects of a Lawyer," at 11 a.m.
today in tlie Law School lecture
hart.
At 2 p.m. the Law Forum will
sponsor a seminar on religion, law
and ethics, to be conducted by
William Stringfellow, 30-year-old
New York city attorney. The sem
inar will be held in room 161-K.
Stanford Law Forum will spon- j
sor State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk
in a discussion, "What the Public
Expects of a Lawyer," at 11 a.m.
today in tlie Law School lecture
hart.
At 2 p.m. the Law Forum will
sponsor a seminar on religion, law
and ethics, to be conducted by
William Stringfellow, 30-year-old
New York city attorney. The sem
inar will be held in room 161-K.
Stanford Law Forum will spon- j
sor State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk
in a discussion, "What the Public
Expects of a Lawyer," at 11 a.m.
today in tlie Law School lecture
hart.
At 2 p.m. the Law Forum will
sponsor a seminar on religion, law
and ethics, to be conducted by
William Stringfellow, 30-year-old
New York city attorney. The sem
inar will be held in room 161-K.
Stanford Law Forum will spon- j
sor State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk
in a discussion, "What the Public
Expects of a Lawyer," at 11 a.m.
today in tlie Law School lecture
hart.
At 2 p.m. the Law Forum will
sponsor a seminar on religion, law
and ethics, to be conducted by
William Stringfellow, 30-year-old
New York city attorney. The sem
inar will be held in room 161-K.
Stanford Law Forum will spon- j
sor State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk
in a discussion, "What the Public
Expects of a Lawyer," at 11 a.m.
today in tlie Law School lecture
hart.
At 2 p.m. the Law Forum will
sponsor a seminar on religion, law
and ethics, to be conducted by
William Stringfellow, 30-year-old
New York city attorney. The sem
inar will be held in room 161-K.
Stanford Law Forum will spon- j
sor State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk
in a discussion, "What the Public
Expects of a Lawyer," at 11 a.m.
today in tlie Law School lecture
hart.
At 2 p.m. the Law Forum will
sponsor a seminar on religion, law
and ethics, to be conducted by
William Stringfellow, 30-year-old
New York city attorney. The sem
inar will be held in room 161-K.
Stanford Law Forum will spon- j
sor State Atty. Gen. Stanley Mosk
in a discussion, "What the Public
Expects of a Lawyer," at 11 a.m.
today in tlie Law School lecture
hart.
At 2 p.m. the Law Forum will
sponsor a seminar on religion, law
and ethics, to be conducted by
William Stringfellow, 30-year-old
New York city attorney. The sem
inar will be held in room 161-K.
