# Play Tryouts Set For Today at Four
## 
### 
Tryouts for the Children's Theater
production of "The Camel with the
Wrinkled Knees" will be held today
at 4 o'clock in the Ram's Head room
Memorial Theater (Basement 044),
announced Hazel G. Robertson, di
rector of the theater.
All those interested are urged to
try out for the play which will be
presented in San Francisco. No
qualifications whatsoever are nec
essary.
Tryouts for the Children's Theater
production of "The Camel with the
Wrinkled Knees" will be held today
at 4 o'clock in the Ram's Head room
Memorial Theater (Basement 044),
announced Hazel G. Robertson, di
rector of the theater.
All those interested are urged to
try out for the play which will be
presented in San Francisco. No
qualifications whatsoever are nec
essary.
Tryouts for the Children's Theater
production of "The Camel with the
Wrinkled Knees" will be held today
at 4 o'clock in the Ram's Head room
Memorial Theater (Basement 044),
announced Hazel G. Robertson, di
rector of the theater.
All those interested are urged to
try out for the play which will be
presented in San Francisco. No
qualifications whatsoever are nec
essary.
Tryouts for the Children's Theater
production of "The Camel with the
Wrinkled Knees" will be held today
at 4 o'clock in the Ram's Head room
Memorial Theater (Basement 044),
announced Hazel G. Robertson, di
rector of the theater.
All those interested are urged to
try out for the play which will be
presented in San Francisco. No
qualifications whatsoever are nec
essary.
Tryouts for the Children's Theater
production of "The Camel with the
Wrinkled Knees" will be held today
at 4 o'clock in the Ram's Head room
Memorial Theater (Basement 044),
announced Hazel G. Robertson, di
rector of the theater.
All those interested are urged to
try out for the play which will be
presented in San Francisco. No
qualifications whatsoever are nec
essary.
Tryouts for the Children's Theater
production of "The Camel with the
Wrinkled Knees" will be held today
at 4 o'clock in the Ram's Head room
Memorial Theater (Basement 044),
announced Hazel G. Robertson, di
rector of the theater.
All those interested are urged to
try out for the play which will be
presented in San Francisco. No
qualifications whatsoever are nec
essary.
Tryouts for the Children's Theater
production of "The Camel with the
Wrinkled Knees" will be held today
at 4 o'clock in the Ram's Head room
Memorial Theater (Basement 044),
announced Hazel G. Robertson, di
rector of the theater.
All those interested are urged to
try out for the play which will be
presented in San Francisco. No
qualifications whatsoever are nec
essary.
Tryouts for the Children's Theater
production of "The Camel with the
Wrinkled Knees" will be held today
at 4 o'clock in the Ram's Head room
Memorial Theater (Basement 044),
announced Hazel G. Robertson, di
rector of the theater.
All those interested are urged to
try out for the play which will be
presented in San Francisco. No
qualifications whatsoever are nec
essary.
Tryouts for the Children's Theater
production of "The Camel with the
Wrinkled Knees" will be held today
at 4 o'clock in the Ram's Head room
Memorial Theater (Basement 044),
announced Hazel G. Robertson, di
rector of the theater.
All those interested are urged to
try out for the play which will be
presented in San Francisco. No
qualifications whatsoever are nec
essary.
Tryouts for the Children's Theater
production of "The Camel with the
Wrinkled Knees" will be held today
at 4 o'clock in the Ram's Head room
Memorial Theater (Basement 044),
announced Hazel G. Robertson, di
rector of the theater.
All those interested are urged to
try out for the play which will be
presented in San Francisco. No
qualifications whatsoever are nec
essary.
Tryouts for the Children's Theater
production of "The Camel with the
Wrinkled Knees" will be held today
at 4 o'clock in the Ram's Head room
Memorial Theater (Basement 044),
announced Hazel G. Robertson, di
rector of the theater.
All those interested are urged to
try out for the play which will be
presented in San Francisco. No
qualifications whatsoever are nec
essary.
Tryouts for the Children's Theater
production of "The Camel with the
Wrinkled Knees" will be held today
at 4 o'clock in the Ram's Head room
Memorial Theater (Basement 044),
announced Hazel G. Robertson, di
rector of the theater.
All those interested are urged to
try out for the play which will be
presented in San Francisco. No
qualifications whatsoever are nec
essary.
Tryouts for the Children's Theater
production of "The Camel with the
Wrinkled Knees" will be held today
at 4 o'clock in the Ram's Head room
Memorial Theater (Basement 044),
announced Hazel G. Robertson, di
rector of the theater.
All those interested are urged to
try out for the play which will be
presented in San Francisco. No
qualifications whatsoever are nec
essary.
Tryouts for the Children's Theater
production of "The Camel with the
Wrinkled Knees" will be held today
at 4 o'clock in the Ram's Head room
Memorial Theater (Basement 044),
announced Hazel G. Robertson, di
rector of the theater.
All those interested are urged to
try out for the play which will be
presented in San Francisco. No
qualifications whatsoever are nec
essary.
Tryouts for the Children's Theater
production of "The Camel with the
Wrinkled Knees" will be held today
at 4 o'clock in the Ram's Head room
Memorial Theater (Basement 044),
announced Hazel G. Robertson, di
rector of the theater.
All those interested are urged to
try out for the play which will be
presented in San Francisco. No
qualifications whatsoever are nec
essary.
Tryouts for the Children's Theater
production of "The Camel with the
Wrinkled Knees" will be held today
at 4 o'clock in the Ram's Head room
Memorial Theater (Basement 044),
announced Hazel G. Robertson, di
rector of the theater.
All those interested are urged to
try out for the play which will be
presented in San Francisco. No
qualifications whatsoever are nec
essary.
Tryouts for the Children's Theater
production of "The Camel with the
Wrinkled Knees" will be held today
at 4 o'clock in the Ram's Head room
Memorial Theater (Basement 044),
announced Hazel G. Robertson, di
rector of the theater.
All those interested are urged to
try out for the play which will be
presented in San Francisco. No
qualifications whatsoever are nec
essary.
Tryouts for the Children's Theater
production of "The Camel with the
Wrinkled Knees" will be held today
at 4 o'clock in the Ram's Head room
Memorial Theater (Basement 044),
announced Hazel G. Robertson, di
rector of the theater.
All those interested are urged to
try out for the play which will be
presented in San Francisco. No
qualifications whatsoever are nec
essary.
