# TOKYO REPORTS TAMPIN CAPTURED
## 
### 
TOKYO, Thurs., Jan. 15 (Official
Broadcast Recorded by U.P.). —Dis-
patches from the Malayan war front
today reported Japanese capture of
Tampin, an important railway junc
tion on the Neyri Sembliang-Malacca
border, 150 miles north of Singapore,
TOKYO, Thurs., Jan. 15 (Official
Broadcast Recorded by U.P.). —Dis-
patches from the Malayan war front
today reported Japanese capture of
Tampin, an important railway junc
tion on the Neyri Sembliang-Malacca
border, 150 miles north of Singapore,
TOKYO, Thurs., Jan. 15 (Official
Broadcast Recorded by U.P.). —Dis-
patches from the Malayan war front
today reported Japanese capture of
Tampin, an important railway junc
tion on the Neyri Sembliang-Malacca
border, 150 miles north of Singapore,
TOKYO, Thurs., Jan. 15 (Official
Broadcast Recorded by U.P.). —Dis-
patches from the Malayan war front
today reported Japanese capture of
Tampin, an important railway junc
tion on the Neyri Sembliang-Malacca
border, 150 miles north of Singapore,
TOKYO, Thurs., Jan. 15 (Official
Broadcast Recorded by U.P.). —Dis-
patches from the Malayan war front
today reported Japanese capture of
Tampin, an important railway junc
tion on the Neyri Sembliang-Malacca
border, 150 miles north of Singapore,
TOKYO, Thurs., Jan. 15 (Official
Broadcast Recorded by U.P.). —Dis-
patches from the Malayan war front
today reported Japanese capture of
Tampin, an important railway junc
tion on the Neyri Sembliang-Malacca
border, 150 miles north of Singapore,
TOKYO, Thurs., Jan. 15 (Official
Broadcast Recorded by U.P.). —Dis-
patches from the Malayan war front
today reported Japanese capture of
Tampin, an important railway junc
tion on the Neyri Sembliang-Malacca
border, 150 miles north of Singapore,
TOKYO, Thurs., Jan. 15 (Official
Broadcast Recorded by U.P.). —Dis-
patches from the Malayan war front
today reported Japanese capture of
Tampin, an important railway junc
tion on the Neyri Sembliang-Malacca
border, 150 miles north of Singapore,
TOKYO, Thurs., Jan. 15 (Official
Broadcast Recorded by U.P.). —Dis-
patches from the Malayan war front
today reported Japanese capture of
Tampin, an important railway junc
tion on the Neyri Sembliang-Malacca
border, 150 miles north of Singapore,
TOKYO, Thurs., Jan. 15 (Official
Broadcast Recorded by U.P.). —Dis-
patches from the Malayan war front
today reported Japanese capture of
Tampin, an important railway junc
tion on the Neyri Sembliang-Malacca
border, 150 miles north of Singapore,
TOKYO, Thurs., Jan. 15 (Official
Broadcast Recorded by U.P.). —Dis-
patches from the Malayan war front
today reported Japanese capture of
Tampin, an important railway junc
tion on the Neyri Sembliang-Malacca
border, 150 miles north of Singapore,
TOKYO, Thurs., Jan. 15 (Official
Broadcast Recorded by U.P.). —Dis-
patches from the Malayan war front
today reported Japanese capture of
Tampin, an important railway junc
tion on the Neyri Sembliang-Malacca
border, 150 miles north of Singapore,
TOKYO, Thurs., Jan. 15 (Official
Broadcast Recorded by U.P.). —Dis-
patches from the Malayan war front
today reported Japanese capture of
Tampin, an important railway junc
tion on the Neyri Sembliang-Malacca
border, 150 miles north of Singapore,
TOKYO, Thurs., Jan. 15 (Official
Broadcast Recorded by U.P.). —Dis-
patches from the Malayan war front
today reported Japanese capture of
Tampin, an important railway junc
tion on the Neyri Sembliang-Malacca
border, 150 miles north of Singapore,
TOKYO, Thurs., Jan. 15 (Official
Broadcast Recorded by U.P.). —Dis-
patches from the Malayan war front
today reported Japanese capture of
Tampin, an important railway junc
tion on the Neyri Sembliang-Malacca
border, 150 miles north of Singapore,
TOKYO, Thurs., Jan. 15 (Official
Broadcast Recorded by U.P.). —Dis-
patches from the Malayan war front
today reported Japanese capture of
Tampin, an important railway junc
tion on the Neyri Sembliang-Malacca
border, 150 miles north of Singapore,
TOKYO, Thurs., Jan. 15 (Official
Broadcast Recorded by U.P.). —Dis-
patches from the Malayan war front
today reported Japanese capture of
Tampin, an important railway junc
tion on the Neyri Sembliang-Malacca
border, 150 miles north of Singapore,
TOKYO, Thurs., Jan. 15 (Official
Broadcast Recorded by U.P.). —Dis-
patches from the Malayan war front
today reported Japanese capture of
Tampin, an important railway junc
tion on the Neyri Sembliang-Malacca
border, 150 miles north of Singapore,
