# San Jose Closes Series with Win
## 
### 
Santa Barbara and San Jose State
Colleges ended their two-game Cali
fornia Athletic Association basket
ball series with one game apiece.
Santa Barbara won the first game,
41-31, but San Jose's Roy Diederick
son dropped a decisive, last-minute
goal in the second game, which
ended 30-28 in favor of San Jose.
Santa Barbara and San Jose State
Colleges ended their two-game Cali
fornia Athletic Association basket
ball series with one game apiece.
Santa Barbara won the first game,
41-31, but San Jose's Roy Diederick
son dropped a decisive, last-minute
goal in the second game, which
ended 30-28 in favor of San Jose.
Santa Barbara and San Jose State
Colleges ended their two-game Cali
fornia Athletic Association basket
ball series with one game apiece.
Santa Barbara won the first game,
41-31, but San Jose's Roy Diederick
son dropped a decisive, last-minute
goal in the second game, which
ended 30-28 in favor of San Jose.
Santa Barbara and San Jose State
Colleges ended their two-game Cali
fornia Athletic Association basket
ball series with one game apiece.
Santa Barbara won the first game,
41-31, but San Jose's Roy Diederick
son dropped a decisive, last-minute
goal in the second game, which
ended 30-28 in favor of San Jose.
Santa Barbara and San Jose State
Colleges ended their two-game Cali
fornia Athletic Association basket
ball series with one game apiece.
Santa Barbara won the first game,
41-31, but San Jose's Roy Diederick
son dropped a decisive, last-minute
goal in the second game, which
ended 30-28 in favor of San Jose.
Santa Barbara and San Jose State
Colleges ended their two-game Cali
fornia Athletic Association basket
ball series with one game apiece.
Santa Barbara won the first game,
41-31, but San Jose's Roy Diederick
son dropped a decisive, last-minute
goal in the second game, which
ended 30-28 in favor of San Jose.
Santa Barbara and San Jose State
Colleges ended their two-game Cali
fornia Athletic Association basket
ball series with one game apiece.
Santa Barbara won the first game,
41-31, but San Jose's Roy Diederick
son dropped a decisive, last-minute
goal in the second game, which
ended 30-28 in favor of San Jose.
Santa Barbara and San Jose State
Colleges ended their two-game Cali
fornia Athletic Association basket
ball series with one game apiece.
Santa Barbara won the first game,
41-31, but San Jose's Roy Diederick
son dropped a decisive, last-minute
goal in the second game, which
ended 30-28 in favor of San Jose.
Santa Barbara and San Jose State
Colleges ended their two-game Cali
fornia Athletic Association basket
ball series with one game apiece.
Santa Barbara won the first game,
41-31, but San Jose's Roy Diederick
son dropped a decisive, last-minute
goal in the second game, which
ended 30-28 in favor of San Jose.
Santa Barbara and San Jose State
Colleges ended their two-game Cali
fornia Athletic Association basket
ball series with one game apiece.
Santa Barbara won the first game,
41-31, but San Jose's Roy Diederick
son dropped a decisive, last-minute
goal in the second game, which
ended 30-28 in favor of San Jose.
Santa Barbara and San Jose State
Colleges ended their two-game Cali
fornia Athletic Association basket
ball series with one game apiece.
Santa Barbara won the first game,
41-31, but San Jose's Roy Diederick
son dropped a decisive, last-minute
goal in the second game, which
ended 30-28 in favor of San Jose.
Santa Barbara and San Jose State
Colleges ended their two-game Cali
fornia Athletic Association basket
ball series with one game apiece.
Santa Barbara won the first game,
41-31, but San Jose's Roy Diederick
son dropped a decisive, last-minute
goal in the second game, which
ended 30-28 in favor of San Jose.
Santa Barbara and San Jose State
Colleges ended their two-game Cali
fornia Athletic Association basket
ball series with one game apiece.
Santa Barbara won the first game,
41-31, but San Jose's Roy Diederick
son dropped a decisive, last-minute
goal in the second game, which
ended 30-28 in favor of San Jose.
Santa Barbara and San Jose State
Colleges ended their two-game Cali
fornia Athletic Association basket
ball series with one game apiece.
Santa Barbara won the first game,
41-31, but San Jose's Roy Diederick
son dropped a decisive, last-minute
goal in the second game, which
ended 30-28 in favor of San Jose.
Santa Barbara and San Jose State
Colleges ended their two-game Cali
fornia Athletic Association basket
ball series with one game apiece.
Santa Barbara won the first game,
41-31, but San Jose's Roy Diederick
son dropped a decisive, last-minute
goal in the second game, which
ended 30-28 in favor of San Jose.
Santa Barbara and San Jose State
Colleges ended their two-game Cali
fornia Athletic Association basket
ball series with one game apiece.
Santa Barbara won the first game,
41-31, but San Jose's Roy Diederick
son dropped a decisive, last-minute
goal in the second game, which
ended 30-28 in favor of San Jose.
Santa Barbara and San Jose State
Colleges ended their two-game Cali
fornia Athletic Association basket
ball series with one game apiece.
Santa Barbara won the first game,
41-31, but San Jose's Roy Diederick
son dropped a decisive, last-minute
goal in the second game, which
ended 30-28 in favor of San Jose.
Santa Barbara and San Jose State
Colleges ended their two-game Cali
fornia Athletic Association basket
ball series with one game apiece.
Santa Barbara won the first game,
41-31, but San Jose's Roy Diederick
son dropped a decisive, last-minute
goal in the second game, which
ended 30-28 in favor of San Jose.
