# Course Changes Deadline Monday
## 
### 
The last day for changing study
lists without a fine is Monday, Jan
uary 19. All changes must be made
on regular change of study cards.
Upper Division change of study
cards may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building. Lower Division
change of study cards are available
in the office of the Lower Division
secretary.
The last day for changing study
lists without a fine is Monday, Jan
uary 19. All changes must be made
on regular change of study cards.
Upper Division change of study
cards may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building. Lower Division
change of study cards are available
in the office of the Lower Division
secretary.
The last day for changing study
lists without a fine is Monday, Jan
uary 19. All changes must be made
on regular change of study cards.
Upper Division change of study
cards may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building. Lower Division
change of study cards are available
in the office of the Lower Division
secretary.
The last day for changing study
lists without a fine is Monday, Jan
uary 19. All changes must be made
on regular change of study cards.
Upper Division change of study
cards may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building. Lower Division
change of study cards are available
in the office of the Lower Division
secretary.
The last day for changing study
lists without a fine is Monday, Jan
uary 19. All changes must be made
on regular change of study cards.
Upper Division change of study
cards may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building. Lower Division
change of study cards are available
in the office of the Lower Division
secretary.
The last day for changing study
lists without a fine is Monday, Jan
uary 19. All changes must be made
on regular change of study cards.
Upper Division change of study
cards may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building. Lower Division
change of study cards are available
in the office of the Lower Division
secretary.
The last day for changing study
lists without a fine is Monday, Jan
uary 19. All changes must be made
on regular change of study cards.
Upper Division change of study
cards may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building. Lower Division
change of study cards are available
in the office of the Lower Division
secretary.
The last day for changing study
lists without a fine is Monday, Jan
uary 19. All changes must be made
on regular change of study cards.
Upper Division change of study
cards may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building. Lower Division
change of study cards are available
in the office of the Lower Division
secretary.
The last day for changing study
lists without a fine is Monday, Jan
uary 19. All changes must be made
on regular change of study cards.
Upper Division change of study
cards may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building. Lower Division
change of study cards are available
in the office of the Lower Division
secretary.
The last day for changing study
lists without a fine is Monday, Jan
uary 19. All changes must be made
on regular change of study cards.
Upper Division change of study
cards may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building. Lower Division
change of study cards are available
in the office of the Lower Division
secretary.
The last day for changing study
lists without a fine is Monday, Jan
uary 19. All changes must be made
on regular change of study cards.
Upper Division change of study
cards may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building. Lower Division
change of study cards are available
in the office of the Lower Division
secretary.
The last day for changing study
lists without a fine is Monday, Jan
uary 19. All changes must be made
on regular change of study cards.
Upper Division change of study
cards may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building. Lower Division
change of study cards are available
in the office of the Lower Division
secretary.
The last day for changing study
lists without a fine is Monday, Jan
uary 19. All changes must be made
on regular change of study cards.
Upper Division change of study
cards may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building. Lower Division
change of study cards are available
in the office of the Lower Division
secretary.
The last day for changing study
lists without a fine is Monday, Jan
uary 19. All changes must be made
on regular change of study cards.
Upper Division change of study
cards may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building. Lower Division
change of study cards are available
in the office of the Lower Division
secretary.
The last day for changing study
lists without a fine is Monday, Jan
uary 19. All changes must be made
on regular change of study cards.
Upper Division change of study
cards may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building. Lower Division
change of study cards are available
in the office of the Lower Division
secretary.
The last day for changing study
lists without a fine is Monday, Jan
uary 19. All changes must be made
on regular change of study cards.
Upper Division change of study
cards may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building. Lower Division
change of study cards are available
in the office of the Lower Division
secretary.
The last day for changing study
lists without a fine is Monday, Jan
uary 19. All changes must be made
on regular change of study cards.
Upper Division change of study
cards may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building. Lower Division
change of study cards are available
in the office of the Lower Division
secretary.
The last day for changing study
lists without a fine is Monday, Jan
uary 19. All changes must be made
on regular change of study cards.
Upper Division change of study
cards may be obtained at the in
formation window in the Adminis
tration Building. Lower Division
change of study cards are available
in the office of the Lower Division
secretary.
