# ENGAGEMENT
## 
### 
Ilurlburt House announces the
engagements of Helen Holmes '65
to Walter Duncan '63 now in the
Graduate School of Engineering,
and Sherry Page '64 to Robert
Dunn '60 from YVillhm College
now a Ph.D. candidate in Eco
nomics.
Ilurlburt House announces the
engagements of Helen Holmes '65
to Walter Duncan '63 now in the
Graduate School of Engineering,
and Sherry Page '64 to Robert
Dunn '60 from YVillhm College
now a Ph.D. candidate in Eco
nomics.
Ilurlburt House announces the
engagements of Helen Holmes '65
to Walter Duncan '63 now in the
Graduate School of Engineering,
and Sherry Page '64 to Robert
Dunn '60 from YVillhm College
now a Ph.D. candidate in Eco
nomics.
Ilurlburt House announces the
engagements of Helen Holmes '65
to Walter Duncan '63 now in the
Graduate School of Engineering,
and Sherry Page '64 to Robert
Dunn '60 from YVillhm College
now a Ph.D. candidate in Eco
nomics.
Ilurlburt House announces the
engagements of Helen Holmes '65
to Walter Duncan '63 now in the
Graduate School of Engineering,
and Sherry Page '64 to Robert
Dunn '60 from YVillhm College
now a Ph.D. candidate in Eco
nomics.
Ilurlburt House announces the
engagements of Helen Holmes '65
to Walter Duncan '63 now in the
Graduate School of Engineering,
and Sherry Page '64 to Robert
Dunn '60 from YVillhm College
now a Ph.D. candidate in Eco
nomics.
Ilurlburt House announces the
engagements of Helen Holmes '65
to Walter Duncan '63 now in the
Graduate School of Engineering,
and Sherry Page '64 to Robert
Dunn '60 from YVillhm College
now a Ph.D. candidate in Eco
nomics.
Ilurlburt House announces the
engagements of Helen Holmes '65
to Walter Duncan '63 now in the
Graduate School of Engineering,
and Sherry Page '64 to Robert
Dunn '60 from YVillhm College
now a Ph.D. candidate in Eco
nomics.
Ilurlburt House announces the
engagements of Helen Holmes '65
to Walter Duncan '63 now in the
Graduate School of Engineering,
and Sherry Page '64 to Robert
Dunn '60 from YVillhm College
now a Ph.D. candidate in Eco
nomics.
Ilurlburt House announces the
engagements of Helen Holmes '65
to Walter Duncan '63 now in the
Graduate School of Engineering,
and Sherry Page '64 to Robert
Dunn '60 from YVillhm College
now a Ph.D. candidate in Eco
nomics.
Ilurlburt House announces the
engagements of Helen Holmes '65
to Walter Duncan '63 now in the
Graduate School of Engineering,
and Sherry Page '64 to Robert
Dunn '60 from YVillhm College
now a Ph.D. candidate in Eco
nomics.
Ilurlburt House announces the
engagements of Helen Holmes '65
to Walter Duncan '63 now in the
Graduate School of Engineering,
and Sherry Page '64 to Robert
Dunn '60 from YVillhm College
now a Ph.D. candidate in Eco
nomics.
Ilurlburt House announces the
engagements of Helen Holmes '65
to Walter Duncan '63 now in the
Graduate School of Engineering,
and Sherry Page '64 to Robert
Dunn '60 from YVillhm College
now a Ph.D. candidate in Eco
nomics.
Ilurlburt House announces the
engagements of Helen Holmes '65
to Walter Duncan '63 now in the
Graduate School of Engineering,
and Sherry Page '64 to Robert
Dunn '60 from YVillhm College
now a Ph.D. candidate in Eco
nomics.
Ilurlburt House announces the
engagements of Helen Holmes '65
to Walter Duncan '63 now in the
Graduate School of Engineering,
and Sherry Page '64 to Robert
Dunn '60 from YVillhm College
now a Ph.D. candidate in Eco
nomics.
Ilurlburt House announces the
engagements of Helen Holmes '65
to Walter Duncan '63 now in the
Graduate School of Engineering,
and Sherry Page '64 to Robert
Dunn '60 from YVillhm College
now a Ph.D. candidate in Eco
nomics.
Ilurlburt House announces the
engagements of Helen Holmes '65
to Walter Duncan '63 now in the
Graduate School of Engineering,
and Sherry Page '64 to Robert
Dunn '60 from YVillhm College
now a Ph.D. candidate in Eco
nomics.
